tr	O	她周五是慈善活动的常客，但是她和丈夫出去旅行了。
tr	I	He couldn 't take off without locating Brett but Chapter 16 Nova Scotia , July 2012 Rock just wanted to leave Nova Scotia .
tr	I	He knew it , and he deserved no answer .
tr	I	I wouldn 't make any wagers on that , but now the wind might be feeling sort of down .
tr	O	艾娃瘫坐在地上，抱着膝盖，并且我紧抿着嘴唇。
tr	O	他的触碰让我的大脑变得模糊，并且我无法集中注意力。
tr	I	You could think about renting out one of the sections of ground or if you sold the cattle , it would definitely ease the burden .
tr	I	Clary saw his features tighten , but his face was in shadow .
tr	I	I would not easily forgive him , and he had taken things from me .
tr	I	Unlike the experts , he also talked with Claudette months earlier , but he read up on the history of the river .
tr	I	She had time to take care of it , but she hated the job even more than she did gathering eggs .
tr	I	He seemed satisfied and Bennett had sold one of his smaller drawings .
tr	O	泰德照他被告知的做了，并且梅乐蒂开始用梳子梳理他湿漉漉的头发，将它们全部梳平。
tr	I	He wanted more , but he had racked up a lot of debt lately , especially in pool .
tr	O	我以创纪录的时间赶到房子，气喘吁吁，浑身是汗，但是感觉比好久以来都要好。
tr	I	He 'd lose the best brains in the Brotherhood , and lose him .
tr	O	守卫在门口拦住了我们，并且他们检查了塔克的木桶。
tr	O	她听到了骨头断裂的声音，并且他叫了起来，踉跄后退。
tr	I	I take the seat next to Sherry and I let Lake sit next to Eddie .
tr	I	When he set the last stitch , he sat back on the floor , his face weary with exhaustion and Ewan worked fast to close the wound .
tr	I	Charlie didn 't say anything , and somehow the moment had a certain completeness .
tr	I	He grabbed my ankle and I started to crawl away .
tr	I	When she smiled , she was beautiful , but she wasn 't gorgeous in the popular , magazine sort of way .
tr	O	我不知道如何解决那些问题中的任何一个，并且我是一个解决问题的大师。
tr	I	Never changing walls of St. James and I was shut inside the perfect .
tr	O	小狗也醒着，并且她能感觉到它开始因恐惧而颤抖。
tr	O	他尝试了，因为我让他这么做，并且他看起来那样是我的错。
tr	I	His sad eyes had gone even sadder and Sam 's arms around me had loosened .
tr	I	He hadn 't even bothered to say thanks for the good time , but oh , she had known that he would be moving to California .
tr	I	I suspected I knew what was going on , and as she did so , she shuddered slightly .
tr	O	苏西对他的痛苦表情咯咯地笑了，但是说实话，这并没有那么好笑，因为她和他一样痛苦。
tr	I	He grappled to get it over Lefty 's head , and immediately his buoyancy improved .
tr	I	They are working on a solution and the techs believe the men working in this region have all been infected with an unknown parasite .
tr	O	我曾是一个消遣，一段时间的有趣伴侣，但是现在他想离开了。
tr	I	There were times the truth was better avoided , but Honesty might be the best policy .
tr	O	他们肩并着肩，但是他们彼此之间不可能更不同了。
tr	O	巨大的机器占据了几乎整面后墙，并且一位老妇人正坐在它们旁边的床上。
tr	O	莉莉用刀刺她时她保持着完全静止，但是现在她的身体在刀刃下起伏。
tr	I	He would soon wish that he were , but he wasn 't .
tr	O	她的手指紧扣住他的头发，并且她用力拉扯着。
tr	I	If it pleases Your Grace I am willing to look , but there is no guarantee that I will find anything .
tr	I	Her sails were hanging limply , and Muriel had lost all speed .
tr	I	I can 't and I 'll have to deal with them .
tr	O	我用肩膀推门，而且门开了。
tr	I	I lost interest in the mining case , and in 2004 the FBI entered my life .
tr	O	她的名字从我肺部迸发而出，像一声咆哮，像悬崖边的回声，而且我突然想让全世界都听到我的尖叫。
tr	O	芬坦似乎通过了史密斯的个人测试，而且他希望能在这次模拟中表现得同样好。
tr	I	She needed to be careful , but she could feel her own anger bubbling inside .
tr	I	My heart melted and Piper asked , looking up at me .
tr	I	The cold concrete grounded me , and I stumbled half a step until my back hit the wall .
tr	I	They are standing there talking nasty about my parents who aren 't even cold in their graves yet , but I could care less about HLP .
tr	O	她修长而优雅的手指轻松地将她的辫子塞好，而且她深褐色的眼睛闪烁着光芒。
tr	I	For a moment she thought she might have truly gotten through to him and something smoked through his eyes .
tr	I	He was still looking at me , only with different eyes , but he turned to walk away through the arch .
tr	I	They are starting to take over the entire purse , and I never throw away any receipts .
tr	I	Then I decided to treat her just as I would anyone else , but at first she 'd frightened me .
tr	O	我也可以这样做，但是我没有。
tr	O	他曾发誓要和阿米拉在一起，但是他又一次别无选择。
tr	O	男孩们会看着它，而且他们知道那是他们的爸爸。
tr	I	She still felt it , but the sensation lacked the earlier power .
tr	O	圣经中有一些地方将此生等同于死亡，而且真正的生命尚未降临给信徒。
tr	O	我并不是真的要雇佣一个管家，但是那不意味着我不能。
tr	O	其余的人顺利地过去了，并且他们解开了跳跃线，然后才关上门给气闸增压。
tr	I	He didn 't complain when Max gave him another shot , but Preston didn 't have any fat for the needle to go into .
tr	O	它看起来像一个冰洞，但是那里太温暖了，不适合那样。
tr	I	Nothing is going to get better unless I step up , but I wish I could .
tr	I	I whimpered at how delicious he tasted , and my tongue slid against his parted lips .
tr	O	他战斗起来仿佛着了魔，但是怪物仍然在压倒他。
tr	O	他们叫他接待员，但是我我认为他更像一个门卫。
tr	I	She wasn 't going to risk being caught in such a state , and while people rarely intruded on her favorite spot , they did on occasion .
tr	I	Shinichi dropped the smal er girl into her arms , and she snatched at the limp form of Bonnie .
tr	I	He gave me an angry glare , but the giant didn 't make any derogatory comments this time .
tr	I	She loved him , but you weren 't here for most of it .
tr	I	She scans a barcode I hadn 't noticed on the back and I hand her my tablet .
tr	I	I can still feel each one , but they might be only memories .
tr	I	To her , it all came down to French fries , but when asked what that meant , she was given a long explanation .
tr	I	His team was down by one point and there was five seconds left on the clock .
tr	I	He 'd rather hear her story , but he 'd only had a couple dates after Nina left him more than a year ago .
tr	I	I need time to think , for I am not calm , and Clarissa has angered me .
tr	O	我丈夫把我们带到这里，并且我们开了这家咖啡馆。
tr	I	There was no sign of another room anywhere up here , but I wasn 't sure where 'd they stuffed the lab .
tr	I	You failed at living it and you were given a life to live .
tr	O	他们一直在停车场顶层，而且米丝蒂发誓那里没有其他人。
tr	I	I even observed traces of his face in AJ , and there was no doubt he was Shannon 's father .
tr	O	呻吟声正在加快，并且科里盲目地连续扔出了三个碗。
tr	O	每个人都受到同样的对待，并且 每句挖苦的、近乎尖酸刻薄的评论之后，都会跟着一句更温和的。
tr	I	She was now officially homeless and the condo was sold .
tr	I	It was clean , but thanks to my momma 's smoking habit the place smelled like stale smoke .
tr	O	嗡嗡声越来越响，并且 我透过树枝向上看。
tr	O	我告诉她那件事，并且 她就生气了。
tr	O	他在那里休息，让我适应他的粗壮，并且 当我抬起臀部时，他开始更快地抽动。
tr	O	乔没有时间反应，并且 他已经筋疲力尽了。
tr	O	那个下午和达里乌斯一起玩很开心，但是 斯泰西忍不住想念她的家人，想知道他们没有她会过得怎么样。
tr	I	He followed suit and she stretched her feet out on the couch .
tr	O	我会将你的年薪定为五十万，并且 你可以在白天在那里完成所有工作。
tr	O	我的目光在他身上掠过，扫视着他湿漉漉竖起的头发，并且 挂在他肩膀上的小毛巾几乎是事后才注意到的。
tr	O	她拨弄着火焰，并且火焰又明亮地燃起来了。
tr	O	他很迷人，很可爱，并且萨凡纳仍然对他情有独钟。
tr	O	有什么东西撞上了斯特罗姆的船，并且他知道奥拉夫是对的。
tr	O	她刻意地向他退开了一步，并且兰德惊讶地感到一种强烈的渴望想把她拉回来。
tr	O	卡罗尔所能做的只有哭泣，并且用过的纸巾堆越来越高。
tr	O	他渴望一个重大而有内涵的故事，但是地平线上似乎什么也没有。
tr	I	He spat on her gift , and she breathed life into that creature , made him the highest celestial being in her order .
tr	O	她的呼吸正在恢复正常，但是她还没有准备好停止做梦。
tr	O	他曾有过不少女人，但是没有一个能像莎拉那样触动他的心。
tr	O	我知道他会想要一个吻，但是 我可不想恶心反胃。
tr	O	他的睫毛再次扫过，并且 他的目光与我的相撞。
tr	O	他用手拂过她发育初期的乳头，并且 随之而来的颤抖让他欲火焚身。
tr	I	I found it disagreed with me , and I wasn 't used to napping .
tr	O	什么都没有真正发生，并且 瑞秋什么也没看到。
tr	I	Now I have drawn you to a place of no going back and you have invaded my space .
tr	O	我的身体前所未有地颤抖着，并且 我紧紧地缠绕在他的手指上。
tr	I	It only had two seats , but Reacher figured they would all have preferred the Mustang .
tr	O	他们会知道我选择了你，并且 他们会知道我们在一起。
tr	I	It does , but he says it so casually , like it doesn 't matter .
tr	O	靠近左岸，一个梯子似乎掉进了水里，并且 一个消防员正徒劳地试图把它捞上来。
tr	O	我们显然已经换了话题，但是 我不确定新话题是什么。
tr	I	She turned away from the stars to look at her , and something in Aunt Zelda 's voice caught Jenna 's attention .
tr	I	The television flipped on , and the lights dimmed .
tr	O	电话响了，并且费舍尔接了电话。
tr	I	The sounds of their fighting nearly deafened her , and there were hundreds .
tr	I	Rather its mouth began to ooze with some sort of light red substance , or it began to drool .
tr	O	我不知道这个地方有多少层，但是我感觉自己处于世界之巅。
tr	I	The table beside his armchair was empty , and his face was hidden behind his newspaper .
tr	I	Mr. Smith is practically trying to run the trial from his hospital bed and Derek has been in constant communication .
tr	O	我把小的那个给了切斯特，并且他马上就喝了。
tr	O	这是一个专属的姿态，并且这增加了她的压力。
tr	O	我停下了脚步，并且他好奇地打量着我。
tr	I	The paperweight didn 't move , but again there was that surge .
tr	I	It didn 't have that much male power but Tony 's physique was well-proportioned .
tr	I	I tried to keep my expression neutral , but I could feel my eyebrow beginning to arch upward .
tr	O	那通向一条走廊，并且前方是另一个洞穴。
tr	I	It 's true , but I never told you that before .
tr	O	我情不自禁地回吻了他。
tr	O	她无法将他传送出去，并且她怀疑自己是否能独自让他站起来。
tr	I	Today this was welcoming , but perhaps in the past this would scare me .
tr	O	我们等待着，并且当她的门砰地关上时，我父亲摘下眼镜，用手指按压眼角。
tr	O	你太有魅力了，而且我是一个男人。
tr	I	Abruptly , the great fury stood completely still - and there was another vast sound .
tr	O	格雷戈尔的跛行消失了，并且他行动起来相当轻松。
tr	O	随着维蕾娜深入她的内心世界，一切都变得安静了，并且她保持着一种恍惚的状态。
tr	I	I stepped out into the rain anyway , but I knew it was a stupid idea as soon as I did it .
tr	O	他把iPad放在床头柜上，而且我迈着发软的腿走向他。
tr	I	She liked being prepared , but one more than she 'd need .
tr	I	Graham understood every word , but he spoke in Fae .
tr	I	He dropped to the floor on impact and the silver metal pierced his skin .
tr	O	我没有看到任何标志，而且我已经好几天没吃东西了。
tr	I	I wasn 't planned and what happened between him .
tr	O	他看到皮尔斯议员在选举宣布结果时举手庆祝胜利，并且他被宣布获胜了。
tr	O	她似乎没有受到身体上的伤害，而且我松了一口气。
tr	O	我没有回答，但是杰斯，他在附近不耐烦地忙碌着（毕竟他是医生），递过来一个。
tr	I	Instinct overruled those whenever she thought of him , but she had a thousand good reasons why seeing him would be a mistake .
tr	I	She wore a simple , yet clean outfit , and her hair was pulled back behind her head .
tr	I	She slept right through it and my gun jammed .
tr	O	她砰砰直跳的心脏让她感到头晕，并且昏倒的恐惧又加剧了十倍。
tr	I	It grows faster than your average person , and it 's sort of wavy .
tr	O	我的目光落在了上面，并且他咧嘴笑了。
tr	I	He had yet to return and his chair was still empty .
tr	O	他退缩了一下，但是她捕捉到了他眼中狂野的兴奋。
tr	O	我一直讨厌跑步，并且这次也不例外。
tr	O	甚至霍华德·泰勒也出席了，但是大家都叫他豪伊爷爷。
tr	O	当然，朱德在锡拉丘兹大学时是个大人物，但是现在为NFL效力将意味着一个全新的名望水平。
tr	I	She was probably the hired help , and here she was pining after Tony .
tr	I	Chad grabbed her before she hit the solid surface , but she started falling to the ground .
tr	I	Sarah dropped her hand from Michael 's head , and Bryson appeared back from the game then , a look of pride brightening his face .
tr	O	他的父母都去世了，并且我对他来说更像一个真正的父亲，而不是一个姻亲。
tr	I	He doesn 't acknowledge that we came in late and he appears to be intensely focused on his computer .
tr	O	我希望这个地方不要太安静，或者大家都会听到我肚子里怪物的声音。
tr	I	It felt like he had just mentally stepped back from her too and he took his hand away .
tr	O	伦恩在我服药后又陪了我一会儿，但是我仍然太生气了，无法和他说话。
tr	O	我们坐了下来，并且我转向了他。
tr	I	Then I 'm screaming , and it 's like the touch trips an alarm in my brain .
tr	O	我张开了嘴，但是没有发出声音。
tr	I	I tensed , and I felt his hand on my back .
tr	O	我环顾了一下酒吧，并且所有人的目光都因这场骚动转向了我们。
tr	I	He did not have time to aim with any kind of accuracy , but this strategy allowed him to get off a shot after each move .
tr	O	他们知道我们是灵魂伴侣，并且通常你不会允许别人对你的伴侣表现出兴趣。
tr	I	Her shoulders convulsed with burning tears , and her throat closed over the words .
tr	I	Esther was a good woman , and losing his wife was devastating for him .
tr	I	He glared at Jake , more out of fear than anger and Howie 's face was white .
tr	O	从劳伦和杰森·科温互相注视的方式来看，他们的关系显然不仅仅是生意。
tr	I	With the level of intensity in his voice he might as well have , but he hadn 't yelled .
tr	I	She said nothing but I think there were things she wanted to say .
tr	I	It rankled that there was nothing else he could do to help them , but they knew his plan inside out .
tr	O	我没有用那个做任何事，但是我就是知道它会在这次任务中派上用场。
tr	O	我曾经剥过一只动物的皮，并且这差点让我吐了出来。
tr	I	He needed to know , but damn it , he didn 't want this woman to think he cared .
tr	I	In practise they grated on each other 's nerves outside of action , but on paper they were a good team .
tr	O	真正的黄金镶嵌在木制品中，并且柔软的地毯铺在大理石地板上。
tr	I	They feel like old friends , but I have only just met them .
tr	I	I let him help me off , and finally we arrived at the restaurant .
tr	O	有智慧也有无知。
tr	I	She poured tea for the two of them and she waved at the chair by the kitchen table .
tr	I	I didn 't look at him when I spoke and I didn 't break my stride .
tr	O	不，她不是，但是她说到一半哽住了。
tr	O	已经是拉什离开她的时候了，而且她甚至还没有说出心里话的一半。
tr	O	他照做了，并且我高兴地尖叫起来。
tr	O	我摇了摇头，并且他的眼睛亮了起来。
tr	O	我压下我的恼怒，并且我们俩都急忙回到骑士靠墙的地方。
tr	O	我感到紧张，但是我也很确定。
tr	O	她注意到他盯着她的嘴看，并且她自己的嘴也微微张开了。
tr	O	她试图让吻继续下去，但是他退开了。
tr	I	It rattled dryly , the first real sound since my voice and I knelt to sift some of the underfoot debris through my fingers .
tr	I	He still pulled away , but she gripped his hand .
tr	I	Julian shot her a stifling look but she opened her mouth to protest .
tr	I	She smiled as he pulled her legs up closer to him , and then he rolled it on like an expert .
tr	O	我丈夫让我迷上了摩托车，但是我不打算买一辆。
tr	O	Prime splits it in two with his sword and the parts fall to either side of me .
tr	I	She knew she probably sounded as if she was speaking through set teeth , but she struggled to keep her temper under control .
tr	I	It will be entirely on their terms , but they will help us survive all right .
tr	I	You have no right to invade my privacy and my research on many projects is on my computer .
tr	I	He would rip them off of her or as he took in her nude colored lace underwear , he had to calm himself .
tr	I	My muscles burned , and my bones throbbed .
tr	I	They were empty , too , but presently she saw parked cars lining the street .
tr	I	With some difficulties , he was finally done and it was a minute .
tr	I	He needed to keep her talking until she was homeless and it would have to be a very late night .
tr	O	Kay had tried the Goth look once , but it wasn 't for her .
tr	O	They 've been on the island for one week , and in that time Zion has given himself completely to the Reverend .
tr	I	As they faced each other , he winked , and his muscles rippled beneath a white t-shirt when he gripped the back of Holly 's seat .
tr	I	It was not enough , but the half takings speed .
tr	I	I 'm almost relieved , and his eyes flutter shut once more .
tr	I	He 'd always been a good boy , but Daniel wasn 't happy at the dismissal .
tr	O	He was right about protecting his client 's interests , but Ray was his client too .
tr	I	She feared the mood had been broken , and his jaw flexed .
tr	O	She had planned on following Ranma but it looked like she wouldn 't get to .
tr	I	She just knew she didn 't want the conversation to end like that but she couldn 't say why .
tr	O	Shawn 's first reaction was to call Lynette on her cell phone but he changed his mind .
tr	O	People are going to see , and people are going to talk .
tr	I	It was just too heavy but he tried to push the body off him .
tr	I	I 'm scared to find out and I don 't know what she 's up to .
tr	O	A cold night 's wind rustled my hair and I sailed through the window , glass glittering about me like rain .
tr	I	By God she was going to eat , but he knew what she 'd tell him .
tr	I	It rang and it rang .
tr	O	I may not be in the best shape , but I wasn 't a sack of potatoes either .
tr	I	Now they 've lost their son and Mr. Manning loses his mother .
tr	O	Connor 's a better hero than I 'll ever be , but he can 't have Liz .
tr	O	Kate 's arms dropped to her sides and she stared .
tr	O	Family suppers and reading aloud .
tr	I	I questioned my faculties for not hearing his arrival , and Morgan 's voice from beside me made me jump .
tr	O	I had to take it , to protect myself and everyone else .
tr	I	I stomp my foot and Zeke dodges it easily .
tr	O	I 'm sorry to draw the line this way with you , but I 'm only thinking about what 's best for you .
tr	I	That protection spilled over to Celeste and Alonzo had always been very protective of her .
tr	I	The sound reached straight down to her toes and he laughed .
tr	I	I had to concentrate to catch his words and his voice was a near whisper .
tr	O	Tam offered me a fold-out bed , and I think I 'll rest a bit .
tr	O	Looking into Rick 's eyes I could see unadulterated pain and raging hatred staring at me in cold slate .
tr	I	Her judgment told her to trust him , but Alicia was still unable to fully make out the man 's face .
tr	I	She figured there was no better time than right now , and there was something Zoey had wanted to ask Tristan since they had rescued her .
tr	O	These were my good friends and I loved being with them .
tr	I	We walked to the pool , and Evan took my hand again .
tr	I	I swallowed down a wave of panic and it sent a chill down my body .
tr	I	I wish I hadn 't trusted him , and experience had told me not to trust them .
tr	I	A hush falls over them and they hastily drop their heads .
tr	I	I scrambled to my feet to go after Sam and she threw me on the ground away from her .
tr	I	Now she could work from feel , but it was easier to concentrate without all of the visual distractions of the forest when her eyes were closed .
tr	O	Her hands never stopped moving over him , and every inch of skin she touched leapt to life as if her fingers jolted him with electricity .
tr	I	Right then his words sink in , and Dad crouches .
tr	I	When something horrible happens I always find him nearby , but I lose track of him for long periods of time .
tr	I	Some insane part of me wanted that experience , and having sex with him would be an experience I would never forget .
tr	I	I looked up and something caught my attention .
tr	I	Now he had a possible life mate and he hadn 't even adjusted to being an immortal .
tr	I	They were just as nicely maintained , but the homes were smaller here .
tr	O	He flipped me off and I went home crying .
tr	O	I tried to lift my head , but the person next to me pushed it back down .
tr	I	A flicker of nervousness shimmered behind her eyes before she pursed her lips , and she blinked .
tr	O	He burst out laughing and I frowned at him .
tr	O	Alex laughed as they escaped into the kitchen and the door swung closed behind them .
tr	I	His tone made it seem as if he was worried about something , and they almost seemed to fill up with angst .
tr	I	He had to step down , and the newspapers had printed her word by word in quotes .
tr	I	Lucian is able to control them with only his voice , yet you know vampires will do anything to continue their life .
tr	I	The population is strictly controlled within Nottingham and Prostitution is illegal inside the gates .
tr	O	The Great Egress Wake up and everything is different .
tr	I	Maybe they don 't fully appreciate that , but as it happens you could afford more .
tr	I	He remained silent , but Julian looked as if he was going to argue .
tr	O	Doug was dead , but Dave was alive .
tr	O	The path wound through the atrium 's ceiling , and the stones closed about us as we ascended .
tr	O	A bunch of jumbled loose rock was thrown together at the top and jutting out were seven rays that were part of the natural formation .
tr	I	He couldn 't help smiling , and she sent him a pointed look .
tr	O	I rise to leave , but she grabs my hand .
tr	I	It had been her means of survival , but she should never have had to do that .
tr	I	The voice spoke again , and she did not reply .
tr	O	The organ stopped , and the service began .
tr	I	I could see myself walking at night , holding my glass slippers , and I gently brushed my finger against her forehead , closed my eyes .
tr	O	I could help you so much and I wouldn 't slow you down .
tr	I	I grabbed what I wanted from the table and I took my chances .
tr	I	No verbal response was garnered , but Alexia asked .
tr	I	Her face looked blank , and Jesse sat her fork slowly to the table .
tr	I	She could 've sworn she saw tears glistening in his eyes , and then a tormented expression crossed his face .
tr	I	It felt like slivers of glass coursed through my veins , and a myriad of emotions churned in my soul .
tr	I	They gave him a chill like nothing he 'd ever experienced before but he couldn 't put his finger on what it was about them .
tr	I	Then his fingers were releasing my bra , and his shirt was the next one off .
tr	I	I 've done my share of counseling , and I 've been in the ministry for years .
tr	I	He felt sick to his stomach , and Matthew could see the hand clearly .
tr	I	A violent pain on his forehead robbed him of his senses , but he wanted to jump up .
tr	O	The old man 's shoulders tilted with the aero fliers , and he clapped his hands together .
tr	O	It made no sense , but right then it didn 't matter .
tr	I	This felt good and Clay joined in .
tr	I	I pick it up , hesitantly and the phone rings beside the bed .
tr	O	She eats like a horse , and she never exercises .
tr	I	Clearly there is something going on here , but I don 't know what went wrong .
tr	O	Christopher didn 't hear the question but he was confident he knew it .
tr	O	He might be a vampire , but there was plenty of testosterone flowing through his body .
tr	I	They all streaked back down toward the Legion lines , and crassus started signaling to the other Pisces in the air around him .
tr	O	She makes you smile and she cares about you .
tr	I	He said that if anyone else had said that , he would have laughed , and I told Ramon that .
tr	I	I returned to my work , and Lisa headed for her office .
tr	O	I didn 't spend a lot of time thinking about higher powers , but if one had had a hand in this , I was grateful .
tr	O	The little one reads bravery in his brother 's face , but from my distance I can tell that it 's feigned .
tr	O	He didn 't want her feeling nervous about appearing at his side in public and she certainly had no reason to be .
tr	O	He watched her as she thought , and he remembered how sexy she always looked when she was lost deep in her schemes .
tr	O	He had changed a lot , but it was unmistakably her great-grandfather .
tr	I	I don 't back down , but he continues to stare at me .
tr	O	The sentinel 's beady eyes followed us as we approached , never blinking , and it had gone perfectly , dangerously still .
tr	I	No doubt there would be another , but Steve had declined to dignify that editorial with a response .
tr	I	It didn 't faze him , but the stink of it touched Jason 's nostrils .
tr	O	Andy talked me into another Stars on Ice when I was thirteen , but my daydreams of doing triple axels in sequined skirts were long gone .
tr	O	The man moved forward towards the boys , but Lizzie put up a hand .
tr	I	Some were now following Treebeard , and more were coming in down the other paths .
tr	O	I had taught you all too well the structure of an oligarchy , and it chafed at your young mind .
tr	I	She wrote something on her notepad and Dr. Cary 's eyebrows pinched together .
tr	O	He tried to concentrate on the reasonings , but they didn 't appear to concern him .
tr	I	At least he was questioning rather than simply dismissing her outright , but clearly , Liam had shifted into protector mode .
tr	I	I will not do it again , and I apologize for misleading you .
tr	I	There were none , but she expected to hear shots .
tr	O	She raced for the other end , but in her haste she tripped on her skirt .
tr	I	It feels good , but I hate to admit it , because I don 't want anything here to be cool .
tr	O	The doorbell rang and Eve immediately froze .
tr	O	She always threw him out , and she always took him back .
tr	O	I tracked them down through the woods , but they had a car parked at the edge .
tr	I	He was the only one that could hear it , but there was obviously a song playing in his head .
tr	O	She 'd always been close to her twin brothers , and she knew they had always protected her from the brunt of their father 's crazy behavior .
tr	O	Allegra hung her head , and the tears fell into her lap .
tr	I	He stayed out of sight at all times , but Elle had a bodyguard too .
tr	I	It kept advancing toward him and Saliva dripped from its mouth .
tr	O	Kim always wanted to be the center of attention , and more often than not , her wish was granted .
tr	O	He was still muttering to himself , and every other word was a curse .
tr	O	I squint , but I can 't make it out .
tr	I	I recoil from the thought ... but a small , tiny , dark voice in my head whispers agreement , that I will be safer that way .
tr	I	His look turned fierce , and his eyes glossed over .
tr	O	She ran a hand through her hair , but it only made her curls wilder .
tr	O	Lupe had got me the job , and I thought of him every time I went there .
tr	O	Alexis is your counterpart and you MUST watch your back at all times .
tr	O	I could 've approved of that , but Jill , like Angeline , kept pretending she was in love with Neil .
tr	I	He told me some stories about his life and I met him last night .
tr	O	I would take you after , but it 's probably not a good idea to go downtown after dark .
tr	O	His blood was tainted and he tainted my blood .
tr	I	I didn 't suggest we go inside , but I assumed it led to a bedroom .
tr	I	In this case a little bend to the truth was appropriate , but she never lied to Todd .
tr	O	I had a life in Tuscaloosa and I needed that life to escape .
tr	I	We are hoping for automated status monitoring during our descent , but we can land without them .
tr	O	I looked to Dean to see if he agreed , but he was just sitting there , staring at the silent TV screen .
tr	O	The cleaning supplies closet in the storeroom was not exactly built to be light tight , but it was inaccessible to daylight , which was good enough .
tr	O	Life had upended itself , and I 'd been home for less than twenty-four hours .
tr	I	It hadn 't gotten any better , either , but the drizzle outside hadn 't gotten any worse .
tr	I	She scolded me , and mom 's eyes flashed in anger .
tr	I	Right now everything was going accordingly and he had a new plan .
tr	I	At least forty minutes had passed and Time had gotten away from them .
tr	O	His expression told that he wanted to argue , but he kept any rebuttals to himself .
tr	O	I have the power to tear apart any window that you create , and I can do it before the window opens .
tr	I	He gave a crooked grin and his pale blue eyes fixed on me .
tr	I	Sarah laughed as he pulled her close , and he stopped a few feet in front of the wooden gabled house .
tr	I	He could make out her features now , and his eyes were adjusting to the darkness .
tr	O	A lot , her heart cried , but it was a cry she 'd been ignoring from the moment she left Colby 's home .
tr	I	That includes her brothers , because she says we had a hand in her father 's death , and she refuses to speak to any of us .
tr	I	It 's evil , but I haven 't yet been able to determine the reason .
tr	I	They aren 't funny , but I don 't know what my feelings for Pen are .
tr	O	Laurel nodded encouragingly when Cassie glanced at her , and Melanie 's cool gray eyes shone with quiet approval .
tr	O	She hadn 't noticed me , and I heard her laugh at something Randy said .
tr	O	It loomed behind a shopping mall that housed a dollar store , a Salvation Army , and a facility called Payday Advance .
tr	O	He would be getting his sling off soon , but he still couldn 't return to work for another week .
tr	O	As the day wore on the sounds of battle continued , but for those on the rocky headland their battle was over .
tr	I	He stopped me and I started to get up to walk him to the door .
tr	I	He also didn 't want to cause him unnecessary pain , but he didn 't trust him to keep his secret safe .
tr	I	He 'd had a right to know she was pregnant , but at the time , she 'd been angry at Nate .
tr	I	It seemed to be working , and he had been going to the doctor for help .
tr	O	You got ten minutes to get your shit together or I 'm leaving without you .
tr	I	A few minutes later Aly emerged from the bathroom wrapped in a towel , and the shower shut off .
tr	O	I turn right , and Peter follows me .
tr	O	Alex knew he had to look as shifty as possible and he was playing his part well .
tr	I	This was what I had hoped for and we had a whole lot in common .
tr	I	To make matters worse she seemed to be losing her mind , and she had failed her brother .
tr	I	I quickly thanked Trina for taking me under her wing , and the tunnels ran the length of the stadium .
tr	O	The bar was paid for and no one bothered Andy anymore .
tr	O	I just want to forget about her , but I know that it 's not possible .
tr	O	We curl up on the couch , and he lets me lean against him .
tr	O	He meets my eyes again and they seem to have regained some of their sparkle .
tr	O	Rita saw the expression on his face , and her thoughts changed .
tr	I	I felt exhaustion start to take me over and her arms came up to rub random patterns into my back .
tr	O	The gorillas had learned from the earlier assaults , and now were intent on finishing the job .
tr	O	Her mouth upturned in disgust , and I saw what Fisher meant about her looking down her nose at us .
tr	I	He trusted them implicitly and he had survived on those instincts for years .
tr	O	Dread felt like a heavy hand on my chest , and I stayed quiet until we pulled into the driveway .
tr	O	It had now been over a week since he told her the news about Justin and he was missing his time with her .
tr	O	The mercenary life was tough and more often than not , it was every man for himself .
tr	O	The interior walls didn 't go all the way up to the roof , but they did offer sufficient privacy .
tr	O	Ellen frowned at me , but she didn 't protest .
tr	O	It was easier the second time , and it felt almost like a homecoming .
tr	O	I opened my mouth , but Roger cut me off .
tr	O	Her desperate gaze sought me , and whatever she saw in my face made her relax .
tr	O	Maybe he fell off the incubus wagon , sure , but he wouldn 't inflict any more harm than he had to .
tr	O	He puffed out a breath , and his hold on me loosened .
tr	O	The assailant went down , cracking his head off the corner of the desk , and that was it .
tr	O	Maybe it will let up , and some more people will decide to go out for the night .
tr	O	Her fingers stopped and she lifted her gaze .
tr	I	I don 't want anything to hurt her and she is coming home in a few days .
tr	O	It was knowing that the Irons could destroy them and those they loved that kept the Sovereigns in line .
tr	I	I gasped as he thrust in rhythm , and I loved how he fit inside me .
tr	O	I 'd take the train in on weekends to visit him , and we 'd do all those things young couples do in New York .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I really wanted him to , and Christian hadn 't visited me during the daytime before .
tr	O	When I returned , my potential drinking partner had gone and Nui was in tears .
tr	O	Anger boils up in me and I run at him screaming .
tr	O	It 's a chance , of course , but everything we do now is a chance .
tr	I	He still wasn 't sure what his brother-in-law was up to , but he 'd risked his grant to follow Keith across two states .
tr	O	He gave me the eyeball , but I think it 's funny .
tr	O	They held hands for a short while until the horses drifted further apart and her hand slid from his .
tr	O	He reached into his pocket to draw out his friend , but Mephistopheles wasn 't there .
tr	I	We have watched you from afar , and Long have we kept guard here .
tr	O	She meant to leave right away , but somehow she couldn 't do it .
tr	I	Now there were two of them , and he had a responsibility towards his little sister !
tr	O	She couldn 't stay and she was too frightened to leave .
tr	I	I don 't love the guy , but I love the guy .
tr	I	It ´ s taking him some time but he tries getting up .
tr	I	His hair is a mess , and his beard is growing through .
tr	I	I recognized the writing , and my name was on the outside .
tr	I	A trickle of blood from his abdomen dripped onto my shirt , and before I could say anything , however , he leaned over .
tr	I	It 's not straight either , but it 's not curly .
tr	I	I shivered , and he tenderly ran his fingers down my arm .
tr	O	Even the fountains were turned off and their perfumed water left to molder .
tr	I	I didn 't care if she was my sister , and Anger boiled away any sympathy I 'd had for Persephone .
tr	I	This time she stepped back , but he stepped forward .
tr	I	I would turn to butter in his hands , and he only had to speak my name in that sexy Southern accent of his .
tr	O	Eric was all the way inside her , but Iona wanted him deeper .
tr	I	He couldn 't take the chance , but perhaps Titian was right about Daemon .
tr	O	The wolves howled , and the isle trembled .
tr	I	The gun shuddered violently in her hands , but she was strong .
tr	I	There was no evidence that it had managed an egress , and all the wildness of the world was contained outside .
tr	O	I knew tons of languages perfectly , and Spanish rolled off my lips easily .
tr	I	Then I saw the hint of a shadow underneath the door , but for a second , I thought I 'd imagined the footsteps .
tr	O	The police car 's doors opened , and a spotlight popped on , ripping into his eyes .
tr	I	You weren 't here , but I rushed right over .
tr	I	He went on with resignation and Julian 's face showed sorrows .
tr	I	Curiosity prompted her to enter the house , but Shirley hesitated before following Micah across the threshold .
tr	O	He tried to shift his glance , but his eyeballs remained fixed .
tr	O	I seen the anger flash over his face and I could tell that he still loved me .
tr	O	I don 't know why , but I was glad she wasn 't dead .
tr	I	Yours are equally beautiful but it was a pleasant surprise .
tr	O	Lauren took a few steps toward the door , but when JoJo didn 't follow she stopped .
tr	I	It will be better than being stuck in this family , but I don 't know where I 'll end up .
tr	O	He was impressed by his son 's academic prowess , his ability to argue a point , but it also scared him a little .
tr	O	She pushed the door again but he was stronger .
tr	O	I 'm arranging for your pickup right now , but unfortunately we won 't be able to get wings on the ground over there until tomorrow night .
tr	O	Savannah said and both laughed .
tr	I	I feel so much better , but I 'm a little tired .
tr	O	I knew the headache would pass soon , but I took some ibuprofen to help the process .
tr	O	I thought of Michael , and my smile deepened .
tr	O	Cameron crawled into bed , turned the light off , holding one of the extra pillows , wishing he were holding Laura , but he was smiling .
tr	O	I waited for him to say something else , but no words came out .
tr	I	I was so sleepy but he wanted to stay with me .
tr	I	It still didn 't let go , but it hissed in pain , pulling away from him .
tr	O	I saw five people that match the energy signatures Liam picked up , and it was a little difficult to hold still based on what I saw .
tr	O	He backed away , but I followed .
tr	I	I thought I was the only one who noticed , but the girl I thought he 'd pointed out as ' Ric ' rolled her eyes .
tr	O	Emerson 's eyes flash in recognition , but still , he doesn 't move .
tr	I	At the end of the day I 'm just another man , but I 'm a Warrior all right , Mistress of the House .
tr	I	There wasn 't one , but I waited for the catch .
tr	O	Surprised , Jim agreed and the three of them disappeared into what used to be the office of Headmaster Morgan .
tr	O	Make a giant puppeteer , and you be the marionette .
tr	O	His feet stayed low and his head slowly rose .
tr	I	Her face was far too pale , and her eyes were big , haunted .
tr	I	It changed the color of everything , and the city looked bathed in honey .
tr	O	The land was completely flat and there was no possible shelter .
tr	O	Covers flew here and clothes flew there .
tr	O	It was about a fifteen-minute walk , but to Rachel it felt like hours .
tr	O	She smirked and her glistening white teeth gleamed in the moonlight .
tr	I	Dean interrupted , but Francesca said .
tr	O	She forgave me , and I was her little boy again .
tr	O	In the darkness , I heard a low grumble , not a growl , exactly , but like nothing I had ever heard before .
tr	O	She couldn 't be sure if it was dark or the air was still clogged up .
tr	I	She did not remove her eyes from the dark , but she turned her head in my direction a little .
tr	I	The chink of ice cubes falling into a glass and she heard the refrigerator open .
tr	O	The curves were everything he thought , and the face lived up to them .
tr	O	Gabe stood in the middle of the break room with his shirt off and his jeans unbuttoned .
tr	O	It wasn 't as much prep as she 'd prefer , but she 'd make it work .
tr	I	She 'd brought Tasha along for support , and Looked like she was here on a mission , probably Julian 's mission .
tr	O	It waved its arms to motioning me forward , and suddenly my feet were no longer touching the ground .
tr	O	She was a little off balanced , but she managed not to fall .
tr	O	Yeah , I was a fool , but I wasn 't stupid .
tr	I	The front window sparkled with tiny white lights , and it had the biggest Christmas wreath of all .
tr	I	Susan waited her turn patiently , and John was going through his evening ritual of kissing the children .
tr	O	The mechanic glances between us , a frown building , but she doesn 't speak of whatever conclusions she draws .
tr	O	He knew what an order was , and he would obey it with his last breath .
tr	O	The crowd was really enjoying the tune and a few couples got up to dance .
tr	O	It may not seem like a big deal to you , but I take my business very seriously .
tr	O	Ben 's voice boomed through the apartment , and I abandoned my packing with a sigh .
tr	I	My tongue felt like it was swelling in my mouth , but my words all came out , at least I thought they did .
tr	I	I heard her stop them , and the others tried to follow .
tr	O	Ah , yes , marriage had a lot to recommend it , and Linc was going to enjoy every minute .
tr	I	I couldn 't see them , but I looked down .
tr	I	When he nodded , I took another breath and I glanced at him .
tr	O	Blows now rained down on him from every angle and he could feel he was losing consciousness .
tr	O	The assistant helped us out of our harnesses , and I took a seat .
tr	O	At first I closed my eyes but there was no feeling , so I opened them to find his eyes still locked on our stalker .
tr	O	The door to the conference room directly opposite her own was standing open but she couldn 't see into the depths of the windowless room .
tr	I	It was like the siren song all over again , but I didn 't hear my name .
tr	I	Here he was , apparently doing his utmost to start an argument and he wouldn 't see his wife for weeks .
tr	I	Her voice is calm , but Auntie 's breath comes fast .
tr	O	The truth was that I hadn 't seen much porn , but the idea of looking at p * rn with Alaska had a certain appeal .
tr	I	It felt like the next few seconds lasted a full hour , and he paused .
tr	I	It didn 't half read like an artistic representation of writing , rather than writing itself , but he was sure it must be brilliant .
tr	O	I can 't do anything , but I know what I saw .
tr	I	I push down the guilt , but I know this is rude .
tr	I	I just closed my eyes to take a nap as I was too much tired and both of us went to our seats .
tr	O	She planned to ease closer to the exit , but he stopped her with a hand firmly on her wrist .
tr	I	It appeared she would continue that way , and she had grown up without affection outside of her family .
tr	I	His hand was starting to lift my shirt , and his lips had moved down to my collarbone .
tr	O	We didn 't speak any more , but this time I barely noticed the silence .
tr	I	Then , with a growl , he found her wetness , and he gave a last kiss on her thigh .
tr	I	What he read in her was desire , and her anger had been erased for now .
tr	I	She was unable to look away , and there was something hypnotic about them .
tr	O	Take me home , and that 's it .
tr	I	He didn 't say anything else , but I waited for him to continue .
tr	O	I tried to explain that I had fallen in love but I wasn 't getting my point across .
tr	I	I do the work because it gives me a high , but yes , I took the job with Interpol to make amends .
tr	O	One man let out a whoop , and then the whole crowd erupted as one .
tr	O	Tripping wasn 't in the plan , but I fell to the ground hard .
tr	I	He looked up , and he felt the King 's hand on his shoulder .
tr	O	I cannot blame you , Lara , but I am asking for a second chance .
tr	O	It breaks the spell and I flush in embarrassment .
tr	O	She liked him , but she was wise enough not to trust him .
tr	O	He was Booker Robinson , and to him a bad reputation was a mighty fine thing to have .
tr	I	His answers were typically fascinating , often taking unexpected directions , but Dad was always so busy with a thousand things everyone wanted from him .
tr	I	She wouldn 't be any safer there than she was here , but she was giving serious thought to running back to her car .
tr	O	The labels are all foreign , and it 's strange to think that I 'm behind enemy lines .
tr	O	The friendly interest drains from his expression and it hardens into the cool mask of my nightmare .
tr	I	Some of them were suffocated to death and their bodies were swollen .
tr	I	As the day wore on , he was picking up strength , but Joseph had trouble speaking , his throat sore from non-use .
tr	I	Ali was still gone , and Pierce had fallen asleep .
tr	O	There was no distraction in the desert and the individual could find the inner truth .
tr	O	I ran away ; but I cannot speak of it .
tr	I	There was always one way to annoy an Assassin , and he was dressed like an Assassin , after all .
tr	O	The bent metal was coated in her blood , and she could feel wetness cooling on her jeans .
tr	O	His mind couldn 't seem to get past his disbelief , but acting immediately was essential .
tr	O	He kept his pitches low , though , and we were soon out of the inning .
tr	O	I was shaken , but I was sure I could still pull the trigger if I needed to .
tr	I	I think her injuries are less severe , but the girl , Alexa , is in with a doctor right now .
tr	O	He is nephew to the Sanborn sisters , and heir to all that is Waverley Mills .
tr	O	There were a lot of theories , but no one knew for sure why I wasn 't reaching Sydney .
tr	I	The lights went dark and the engine shut off .
tr	O	He 'd been standoffish earlier , and she 'd been feeling snubbed .
tr	O	She 'd assumed that he was using horses , but it appeared that there was a better way .
tr	I	She put her hands on his chest , keeping him at arm 's length but he tried to pull her in tighter .
tr	I	I dropped to the floor , and as I hunched over , he kneed my face .
tr	I	He accepted the offer with a nod , but Dean was probably thinking the same thing .
tr	I	She didn 't want to lose him when they reached Boston , and that was the man Zoe enjoyed , too .
tr	O	I noticed everyone pout at her words , and I couldn 't help smirking at that .
tr	O	He could be anyone , anywhere in the world , but he 'd be alone until the day he died .
tr	O	She reached for the keys and Seldon stopped her .
tr	O	I had broken things off , and he had left me .
tr	O	Dartmouth was one of the more expensive colleges though and I was forced to pay for college by myself .
tr	O	I guess because she wasn 't in any rush and they were building their corporation into one giant powerhouse .
tr	O	Quinn looked at Cory , but Cory was speechless .
tr	O	She waited for him to speak , but he just sat there , watching her .
tr	O	She inhaled the chilly air close to a windowpane , and her eyes began to clear .
tr	I	At least it would buy them some time , but Rick didn 't expect the ruse to last forever .
tr	I	Now she had to leave , and it was strange that she felt so at home here , like she belonged .
tr	I	She blows out a breath , and her face softens .
tr	I	I cut myself and the glass broke .
tr	O	The kitchen was at the far end of the room , and a small hallway led into the back of the apartment .
tr	O	She laughs a little more and I swear to God the sound of it is the most amazing thing I 've ever heard .
tr	I	Bull managed several trout from the creek , and we gathered wood to light a fire .
tr	O	There was nowhere to go , not enough time to move , and my breath caught as I prepared to fall to my death .
tr	O	The snows had remained deep on the island throughout the winter , and the first signs of thaw didn 't come until late March .
tr	I	I knew they had to be somewhere if the shrieks echoing through the hallways were any indication , but I hadn 't seen either of the guys .
tr	O	She loved her home , but it seemed so empty without someone else in it .
tr	I	Her throat grew thick and she looked at Burnett .
tr	I	The net holds us safe , but the water hits us powerful hard .
tr	I	Sudden joy filled him , and a breathlessness overtook Brand .
tr	O	He 'd said there was too much risk involved , that they had a good life and he didn 't want to spoil it .
tr	I	It has to be done , but I 'm not looking forward to it .
tr	O	Then it starts unraveling the body 's cells , and their bodies begin to fall apart .
tr	I	Eventually we were sitting on the couch and we started kissing while we were standing .
tr	I	He couldn 't seem to help doing exactly that , but he doubted she was giving the lyrics any personal meaning .
tr	I	She 's a total spitfire and Summer is her seven-year-old daughter .
tr	I	It had been a long time since anyone had comforted her when she cried , but she didn 't know what had made Julian come after her .
tr	O	Defending himself in the nude was something he had done only once before , and vowed would never happen again .
tr	I	That 's not something I can ignore , and I felt my skin touch Kenji 's .
tr	I	A wind began to whip around us and Rhea raised her hand into the air .
tr	I	Work groups were not entirely satisfactory , and practically no one went to church .
tr	O	Hedges guessed , and Abe nodded .
tr	I	They weren 't , but Steven assumed his keys were in his pocket , something he usually does .
tr	O	Finally she heard Elizabeth yelling at Jamie to stop , and then suddenly she felt Jamie pulled off of her .
tr	O	His lips were an average size and they were a dark pink color .
tr	O	It was only the second night , but they were all dragging a little .
tr	O	They passed the mirrored reflection of the interior glass wall and Garcia could see Tyler walking behind them .
tr	I	There was no birth certificate but two bank books showed miserly balances .
tr	O	Thinking he 'd been using her was one thing , but hearing him put it into words hurt more than she could have ever imagined .
tr	O	I raised my eyebrows , and she swatted my shoulder .
tr	I	The priest with whom the doctor drove from Krakow became suspicious , but a gravestone seemed to bear this out .
tr	O	She nodded as her eyes grew watery , but no tears fell , thankfully .
tr	I	Casey ignored him , but at the table , Lux snorted .
tr	I	It was true , but the way Charli said it made me wince .
tr	I	She felt like a terrible caregiver for even suggesting leaving him outside , and Rocco gave her his sad little puppy dog eyes .
tr	I	The small waves reflected its rays in a million directions and the sun was beginning its descent .
tr	I	I gave James an apologetic look , and he was already a good ten paces in front of me .
tr	O	They were thick , like pea soup , but they swarmed only beyond the circle of stone pillars .
tr	O	Parkside was good , but Grandview had always defeated them in the past .
tr	O	Jake had one hell of an intoxicating kiss and she forgot to breathe , forgot to think .
tr	O	The door to study hall opens and Devon walks in .
tr	O	Sometimes I pity myself the same way I did Aunt Edna , and I think I 'm just a silly bitch .
tr	O	He dropped his towel in front of me and I had to turn my head .
tr	I	I found it difficult to even move and my energy was drained from the process .
tr	I	It was like trying to compare a stone with a bird but I tried to compare .
tr	O	Mana went to the fireplace and drawing back the screen .
tr	I	I didn 't know what time Claire would be home and I didn 't want to risk being late for work tomorrow .
tr	I	Past Prime beats me until I drop backwards onto the ground , but I try to protect my face with my arm .
tr	O	Kelly would have been amused by it , but he had to acknowledge that it might actually be true .
tr	I	I mean they traveled , and they traveled every year .
tr	O	She could not see the kitchen from where she was , but she wanted too .
tr	O	It was weird , but I wasn 't about to start thinking that they actually had been used recently .
tr	I	I couldn 't believe he 'd do something so drastic , but sure , he was angry I 'd overused my powers .
tr	O	It 's easy to dismiss them as simply stupid , but that 's not entirely true .
tr	O	I grab my purse , and after locking up , he takes my hand to lead me to his car .
tr	O	He was using his weight to push me out , and without me supporting my own weight on the handle , he stumbled forward .
tr	I	Now the thinness of his face made that cruelty blatant , but his beauty did always have a cruel feel to it .
tr	I	He was too weak to hold it , but Henry himself was crowned king of France while still only ten years old .
tr	O	He was too weak to do this again , and now the demon knew he was lying in wait .
tr	I	They 'd decided to light a fire for the effect , but Brent had fixed the furnace .
tr	I	She checked her messages and her phone vibrated .
tr	I	Only the main walls of the basic structure were unchanged , and it 'd been remodeled .
tr	I	Clark interrupted , but she considered hanging up .
tr	O	She was trying to think of something to say , but her anger was clouding her .
tr	I	She knew he had a good heart and she saw a friendly smile in his eyes .
tr	I	He paused briefly when he was beside my table , and I 'd described myself on the telephone the night before .
tr	O	The room was too dark , and he flicked the switch on .
tr	O	He had a better chance of reaching the top of the cliff , and someone had to secure the lines to reach the ledge below .
tr	O	The light of the flare above disappeared , and I was once again plunged into darkness .
tr	O	We tied off , and I filled the tank of the outboard making sure to run the fuel through the chamois I had found in a garage .
tr	O	Terry loved his dogs , and he seemed to have overcome his bad luck with them .
tr	O	The first bullet whizzed above him and another two slammed into the door .
tr	O	I checked the logs , but the only power spikes were the times I had gone back .
tr	O	The man 's hands shook and this gave Ethan a small push of relief .
tr	I	I moaned against his lips , and the sensation turned to pain .
tr	O	Andrew joked around , and they unabashedly flirted .
tr	O	She already thought about her options , but every solution seemed to be bad .
tr	O	His arms weren 't bulging with muscles , but there was a strength in him that Hannah had sensed from the moment she 'd first seen him .
tr	I	I nearly came undone , and Annabelle sighed , wrapping her hand around my bicep .
tr	I	He catches me in his arms and I feel my knees give out .
tr	O	Mack pushes the button for the elevator , and I slap his hand away .
tr	I	I also didn 't want to leave her side , and I got the sense that Casey wanted me there .
tr	O	They both sat down and he put his arm along the back of the couch , behind her shoulders .
tr	O	Disappointed , his foot stumbled on his way to the door , but he kept going .
tr	I	I blinked rapidly , and my voice hitched .
tr	O	I looked up , and there was my third floor neighbor .
tr	I	One pasted on a wooden dummy , but Wei could see Feng 's smile that was like no human smile .
tr	O	We got halfway down the lane and Ty was drumming on his knees .
tr	O	I know without a doubt each one is wishing they could be the lucky guy , but she 's a smart girl .
tr	O	I hurried inside , stopping at the bathroom to wash my hands , and then found Dee sitting in a booth near one of the windows .
tr	I	A smile of sleepy satisfaction played on her lips , and her head lol ed back .
tr	I	I 've already put two individuals on death row for my crimes , and people have been convicted with less evidence than I have against you .
tr	O	The baby grows quieter , but she 's still crying .
tr	O	I tried to close my eyes , but my body was tingling .
tr	I	The human mind had not evolved , but people confused technology with human development .
tr	O	The hat glinted in the firelight , and parts of Moist 's brain sparkled .
tr	I	That had been my main fear , but I didn 't say the words .
tr	O	His forehead was damp with sweat and when he looked up at me , his pupils were dilated .
tr	I	Only when he had decided it was time , did he come , and I had waited for him .
tr	I	Echo even felt hopeful and their moods had improved .
tr	O	As much as his rage was now directed at her , they were ninjas and this is what ninjas do .
tr	I	She forced herself to stay calm , and the weight of Finn 's gaze made her shoulders hunch .
tr	I	A length of bridge several feet long was instantly awash in flame , and Oil splashed outward , ignited .
tr	I	I nod and he asks .
tr	O	Chapter 8 It was the middle of the night , but the French Quarter didn 't seem to realize it .
tr	O	Blood began pulsing out of his neck and he reeled backwards clutching at his throat .
tr	O	I don 't intend to do it but they claim the clinic is suicide safe .
tr	I	I momentarily spaced out , and his eyes met mine .
tr	I	Her house is at least two miles away , and we 're in the middle of nowhere , at night , in a blizzard .
tr	I	At first glance , things didn 't look that much different , and Chapter Ten Leslie awoke after a fitful sleep .
tr	O	I started to answer but she cut me off .
tr	O	He might have been the man from my visions , but he was a stranger .
tr	I	It swings open , but I hesitate as I turn the doorknob , assuming I still won 't be able to open it .
tr	O	When he finished , we all gave him a standing ovation and he asked me to come up on the stage with him .
tr	O	Sarah paused a moment , startled at this apparent change of mood on his part , but she did not need a second push .
tr	O	He was no longer pale , but he still looked shaken by the day 's events .
tr	O	It wasn 't the earthquake , or they 'd be here now .
tr	I	He hoped this wasn 't an indicator of a loss of organization and he had already gone over this with Nella .
tr	I	Now I fear it is time to pay the piper , and you 've been dancing to the tune , my dear .
tr	O	He had let go of it and it had rolled into the large bushes near the house .
tr	I	I Will not hold you to that promise , but I thank you for that .
tr	I	We got on the road , and Colin stowed my bags in the back .
tr	I	How his letters made me feel and he looked so interested in me .
tr	O	He tried to answer her , but he couldn 't .
tr	O	Dressing quickly , he is sitting on a lounge chair outside and I sit next to him .
tr	O	Jake tried to explain , but he was still shell-shocked .
tr	O	I 'm not sure he really cares , but I 'm glad he asked .
tr	I	May loved those , but a simple country race meeting .
tr	O	I shook my head , and we continued to walk in silence .
tr	O	I love your father , and I love you .
tr	O	Donovan shrieked and his grip on Sulley was lost .
tr	I	The day is dry , but the sun leaks through the clouds .
tr	O	The cup dropped from her hand , and she recoiled back a few steps .
tr	I	He would stick with the general script , but they were getting into more detail than they had discussed .
tr	O	He smiled in a mocking manner , and she squeezed his hand in an attempt to reassure him .
tr	O	I can see your temper as causing a problem , but then again , meek has never been my style .
tr	I	The beam of sunlight scored his high cheekbones , and his jaw seemed tight .
tr	O	My skin was tender and it throbbed in pain .
tr	O	The part about famous folks being buried there didn 't matter to me , but I knew it would 've pleased Pa. .
tr	O	I nodded and we both stood up .
tr	O	He looked to his left and his heart went cold .
tr	I	Fallen into places he 'd rather not remember , and he 'd looked into a mirror once after taking the dust .
tr	O	Getting the gold out of the country will require risks , but leaving it here could mean losing it .
tr	I	There 's no fixing it now , but I 've been feeling like we made a mistake ever since we left the jungle .
tr	I	It didn 't work , but I was trying to make her laugh again .
tr	I	I see many slaves about , but those in the air are all Invictus .
tr	I	So the fear he 'd always had of speaking aloud before others dissipated , and he 'd won Isabella 's heart .
tr	I	She wondered what other injuries this night would bring and she could feel the bruises forming in her side .
tr	O	Now nature called , and I would have to take a chance .
tr	I	He found himself way behind and the following day school started .
tr	I	Sebastian Princeton had wanted it , yet it wasn 't that interesting .
tr	I	She 'd waited until I came to her to admit anything , and I 'd told Olivia at the very beginning about my suspicions .
tr	I	She was far too cautious for that , and falling for Gabe would be dangerous .
tr	I	I 'm afraid for Realm , and just then security rounds the hall .
tr	I	Licks at Leon 's fingers , silently saying ' don 't stop scratching ' and Coto wakes up .
tr	O	It was his fault , and yet , there he sat as content as he could be with no consequences for his actions .
tr	O	I 'm cold and I 'm tired .
tr	O	Tara saw his rebuttal on his lips , but instead of talking , he kissed her .
tr	I	I notice that hers do not , but my eyes flicker to the other Shippers .
tr	O	She had been at work exactly two hours and she was ready to surrender .
tr	O	I 'll promise to keep trying and I hope you do too .
tr	I	The hallway circling it matched it in height , and unbound by gravity , the makers of the Orbital Embassy had constructed an impossibly tall banquet hall .
tr	O	Evening was closing in and he had wanted to get the work done before dark .
tr	O	I faced the mirror , and she positioned herself behind me .
tr	O	Kaspar surged forward again and I only just managed to dive in front of him , blocking his path .
tr	O	Again Toni summoned the nurse and again the monitors were read .
tr	O	I can 't say how I know , but I know .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I was ready for him to know , and I didn 't know if Aiden had heard that SOS had been revealed .
tr	O	Dagan had his suspicions on how the man was capable of such things , but if anyone knew , no one said .
tr	I	For some reason she wasn 't afraid , but she didn 't know where she was .
tr	O	We were also looking into building a network of greenhouses , but see the problem comes with snow loads in the winter .
tr	I	She very much feared that she would never be free of her feelings for him , and he had entangled himself in her heart .
tr	I	My heart is racing , and my insides are flipping around .
tr	I	The siblings glared at each other , and Eva 's eyes narrowed .
tr	O	She threw her arms around Donovan 's neck and clung fiercely as her sobs poured out in one relieved , forceful rush .
tr	O	Roger waited quietly for another outbreak but sacrificing the apple fritter seemed to quell the president 's anger at former President Holcomb for the moment .
tr	O	I want more but the image fades .
tr	I	They counted off , and Nick mimicked him .
tr	O	I hear you , but if you change your mind , my offer will still stand .
tr	I	He was not handsome and he was in trade .
tr	I	It was too dark to see much , but she had her wispy silk gown half off before she realized he was still watching her .
tr	I	I had just shut it off and my mind had gone into overload .
tr	I	I took an unsteady step back and he took a step towards me .
tr	I	Even that sat untouched before her , and she had not taken any food , only a cup of tea .
tr	I	Mort was right , but she didn 't want to admit it .
tr	I	She reaches to adjust it before she goes in the house , and her dress is hanging off her shoulder .
tr	O	Had she been wrong and he hadn 't left ?
tr	O	I was regretting having stayed in my local talking to Merv till closing but I hadn 't wanted the magical weekend to finish .
tr	O	I 'm not sure which you 'd find worse , but neither would be pleasant .
tr	O	Brick wasn 't entirely sure of the point he was trying to prove , but he was determined to prove it anyway .
tr	O	The lethargy vanished , replaced by an energy that made me feel like I was on a thousand energy drinks , and they were all working .
tr	O	I couldn 't tell you why , but as he says that , my chest pangs .
tr	O	When I mingled with other families I distinctly discerned how peculiarly fortunate my lot was , and gratitude assisted the development of filial love .
tr	O	Maybe because he had known it was coming with his son and the blow had come in stages .
tr	I	Emily wasn 't there yet , but I peered through the window .
tr	O	I didn 't want to resort to using my elbows but I find I need them , if only for self-defence .
tr	O	He grew weaker to the point he was often in pain but he never let on .
tr	O	I looked into the cell , turning so I was sideways and my back was toward the wall .
tr	I	I waved to her as she blew me a kiss , and Jules dropped me off at my car in the school parking lot .
tr	I	His gaze was fierce with unearthly amber light , but his rough voice scraped out of the shadows .
tr	I	You were real and I dreamed of you for ages .
tr	O	You needed me most , and I chose to look the other way .
tr	O	I feel his retreat , but I need him .
tr	I	Jack alighted and the carriage rolled to a halt .
tr	O	The strange blocky devices that lined the walls were still flickering with life , but the lab was otherwise empty of any human presence .
tr	I	I could see confusion mingled in her eyes with the tears and she glanced up at me .
tr	O	It pierced deep , and I cried out from the pain , stumbling forwards myself in alarm .
tr	O	I could tell right away they were new students , or they wouldn 't have reacted the way they did .
tr	O	His feet move and I assume that 's his closing line .
tr	I	I 'm dying to get wrapped in its heat and it 's like I could feel the warmth of her soul pouring out of her .
tr	I	In that moment , I know it 's all true , and he refuses to raise his head .
tr	I	His hand changed back into a wolf paw again , and Bill grinned .
tr	I	I lift the corner of my gray scrubs to check for an injury , and there 's another sharp pain in my side .
tr	I	That didn 't make any sense , but from the looks of it , she appeared to actually be yelling at Garrett .
tr	I	The unceasing relentless banging was clearly beginning to make him rather irate , but he had decided to ignore Kathy 's pleas .
tr	O	There was a long stain down the length of the fabric , and that was what made me take a second look at him .
tr	O	Andre hurtled himself from the safety of his favorite lair just as the mountain heaved and the chamber walls collapsed .
tr	O	The truck was wider than the leading jeep , and it struggled to fit within the narrow path .
tr	I	She could leave it behind , but she was born into it .
tr	I	I bet if kissed him right now , he 'd taste of the ocean , and it 's wet from the sea spray .
tr	I	As he tried to regain his balance , she pulled away , and surprised , the man staggered .
tr	O	Sarah gets a distant look on her face , almost as if she 's imagining that future and it doesn 't necessarily excite her .
tr	O	Knowing Ethan 's background and what he was capable of doing , Nate was tempted to step in .
tr	I	They were gaining on us , but the rest of Pioneer held off the Var .
tr	I	When he did it , he was the new server admin , but I don 't know enough to say how he did it .
tr	I	He fell asleep and his eyes shut .
tr	O	Atlas immediately plopped his big head back on his huge dog pillow and she shot him a mock scowl as she opened the door .
tr	I	The group takes a vote , and I can challenge you on the BS call .
tr	I	She didn 't let go of him , but her feet found solid ground again .
tr	I	The world around him seemed so dark and he lost his wife a long time ago .
tr	O	He squeezed in warning , but I already had Trina 's attention .
tr	O	Josh sort of growled , but he got the hint .
tr	O	I knew those men thought they were doing their job , but I wanted to beat them all to a pulp .
tr	I	I could feel a part of me weakening , and I stared into his clear , open eyes .
tr	O	It wasn 't as fancy as Cora 's meals , but she looked happy to see it on the table .
tr	O	I know I should stay quiet , but I have to ask him to know if he was with Matt .
tr	I	I didn 't feel it was bad enough for me to mention it , but it hurt more than usual when I got up .
tr	I	Lace hit the gas as soon as she closed the door and the woman hurried to get in .
tr	I	He was suddenly aware of every abrasion on his body , and Diego resisted the urge to scratch his arm in its sling .
tr	I	Now it had been reduced to rags and she had finally found something cute to wear .
tr	I	Then the cranium was replaced , with a little pottery noise , and there was some rummaging around that he couldn 't make out .
tr	I	He silenced the intended admonition with his declaration , but he didn 't receive a particularly warm welcome .
tr	O	His skin was so pale it looked dead in the flickering light , and the hollows of his eyes were dark .
tr	O	Her bleached hair is woven into a braid and she 's carrying a large black bag .
tr	I	He didn 't pull back but his eyes widened in surprise .
tr	O	The woman didn 't appear to be unconscious , but Michaels would rather it had been that way .
tr	I	It wasn 't , yet it was money .
tr	O	The sheets were 400 thread count , and the furniture was from Pottery Barn .
tr	O	Carly suggested we go without him , but that felt wrong .
tr	O	We suspect that most of the associates know , but it 's hard to tell .
tr	O	The understanding penetrated my mind with a sharp , cutting jab , and I pulled up short , stunned .
tr	I	He was glad of it , and she was still a good friend ; remarried now .
tr	O	She felt lightheaded even more , and her body tingled .
tr	I	He will be bitter about this development and he 's a gifted , independent boy .
tr	O	His face wrinkled into a partial wince , but he didn 't look away from me .
tr	O	I 'd only seen that handwriting once before , in the Royal Bay , but everything about that night was etched permanently into my brain .
tr	O	He didn 't know who was being called , but he would find out .
tr	O	It drew a little bit of a smile from me , but it faded quickly in the light of reality .
tr	I	I want you to stay the hell away from him , but we 've got the whole force looking for him .
tr	O	Even though he was saying those beautiful words , they weren 't directed at me and it was hurting me inside .
tr	O	Ghost shuddered , and his face wrinkled in horror .
tr	O	She landed roughly , and although she failed to bash soldiers as efficiently as Chris , she diverted the attention of many .
tr	I	I had lost quite a lot of blood from deep wounds on my hand , and my arm was broken in two places .
tr	I	The door swung open , and he keyed the passcode into the lock .
tr	I	It worked without fail , and the dust was an old Hoodoo trick used to keep out unwanted spirits .
tr	O	Chapter Four THE SAVAGE BEAST The air was thick and damp , the sharp smell of ozone signaling rain .
tr	O	Rory felt him trying to push her away , and she didn 't like it .
tr	O	It sounds like Norah is pulling away my parents , and I hear Betsy 's jingling dog tags follow everyone back downstairs .
tr	I	It would shine enough light to let him see where he was going , but the batteries were weak .
tr	O	Your threats cannot move me to do an act of wickedness ; but they confirm me in a determination of not creating you a companion in vice .
tr	O	Must be the end of summer sale and back to school bustle all rolled into one .
tr	O	They finally came close enough to speak , yet the gestures continued .
tr	O	None of us wanted to be quiet , but we felt like we should -- like someone had begun praying again .
tr	O	His confusion was clearly showing again , and Will noticed it .
tr	I	The silence seemed to stretch on forever , and chewing slowly , he watched me eat .
tr	O	He raised an eyebrow , and I frowned at him .
tr	O	There was nervous muttering in the crowd , but someone did go to fetch Lucian , who was seated in an office connected to the church .
tr	O	The remark has continuity within her own train of thought , but to the others it just seems like a random change of subject .
tr	I	He seemed alright otherwise but his cheek had swollen badly from the punch .
tr	O	I could hear him draw his breath , and soon I could feel his excitement .
tr	I	Usually he simply declined to say anything , but he occasionally offered some half-hearted words of support .
tr	I	I want to help and I love a challenge .
tr	I	She instinctively knew what it must be and she needed something to stir her countrymen .
tr	I	I gasped and his member brushed across my leg .
tr	I	Their mouths fall open , and I flash a quiet smile .
tr	O	I 'm not hiding from anyone -- and I 'm too young to be an FBI agent .
tr	I	Meagan did likewise , and Matt dropped the ax .
tr	I	The three bedrooms upstairs provided some much-needed privacy , and the fireplace in the living space was inviting .
tr	O	There wasn 't any such thing as a bad blowjob , but the really , really good ones weren 't all that common either .
tr	I	A gasp of sheer pleasure disbursed from me at the touch , and his lips grazed the back of my neck in the gentlest of kisses .
tr	O	I made it to the airport two hours later and the next flight wasn 't for another hour .
tr	I	We had to keep this secret , but I wanted to scream !
tr	O	Something had clearly happened while she was away , but she didn 't pause to figure it out .
tr	O	The voice sounded slightly familiar but I couldn 't place it .
tr	I	It is the only one as well and there is one antidote in my hands .
tr	O	He wasn 't hurting me , but he could at any moment .
tr	O	This was not the merciful death he 'd imagined , but it was a death nonetheless .
tr	I	I felt bad , and much 's mouth tucked under .
tr	I	It was as good a place as any , but he didn 't know why he wanted to go home .
tr	I	Not giving them something to prattle about and let the people gossip on their own .
tr	O	The words seemed to be dancing with the help of light and it amazed Luna .
tr	I	I got through it , but it wasn 't fun .
tr	I	She didn 't think it was really part of the job of a cook to supply snacks and that had been a nice surprise .
tr	O	She was walking around if she was made of glass and even a loud noise would make her shatter .
tr	O	His hand captured hers and he pulled her fingers into his mouth .
tr	I	The torches were growing dim and the fire had burned down to embers .
tr	I	He paid and the manager produced Seth 's coffee .
tr	I	Then everything went blank , and her nostrils filled with a sickly sweet smell .
tr	I	Some of those years were with his dysfunctional mother and all of his childhood had been spent in the City .
tr	O	It was going to be a long flight home and the ache in my heart wasn 't going to speed things up .
tr	I	There was complete silence in the room and Comrade Lee returned to his seat .
tr	O	This is the first time I 've really seen her in days , and I wonder if now 's the time to tell her about Clay .
tr	I	David didn 't want to face it , but the end of Wayward Pines has been coming for a long time .
tr	I	I brought my cheek to hers , before whispering into her ear and she did as I asked .
tr	I	Even without vampiric enhancement , Hugh Dalton didn 't stand a chance , but Vlad 's eyes were their normal deep copper color .
tr	I	The view was a mountainous terrain , but Behind here looked like a window .
tr	O	She started to ask , but he cut her off .
tr	I	She stepped inside and lukas opened the door .
tr	O	I was tired and my eyes were having a hard time focusing .
tr	I	I hated it , but that 's what I was supposed to do , that 's what I set my life up for .
tr	O	He was allowing his wolves the opportunity to take in the new information , and while they processed it , he gauged their reactions .
tr	O	It will bring him serenity and he 'll think about you when he goes to sleep .
tr	O	Being an assassin and nothing else didn 't make sense .
tr	I	Then with a sigh she let herself lean , even wrapping her arms around his waist , but for a moment , Nell was stiff .
tr	I	He kept tilting his head minutely to the left , and his left shoulder seemed to be having miniature spasms .
tr	O	They 'd already ordered and both had full glasses of wine .
tr	O	No , I had to stay in the restaurant , and I had to figure out some way to keep myself safe from the fire .
tr	I	She knew it , and she was going .
tr	I	Then I was spinning away , and I let this person lift me .
tr	I	She was lowered down into the water and the bucket was placed under her head .
tr	O	She didn 't want to waste time running from the parking lot , and she hadn 't been back since .
tr	O	She had a throbbing ache between her legs that needed to be assuaged and there was only one way guaranteed to give her the release she craved .
tr	O	I felt her hand on my knee , and I steadied .
tr	I	He was committed to expending every last bit of energy he had doing so and he was determined to get his hands on Ted .
tr	I	Sucking on hard candy had helped her through the worst of the nicotine withdrawal , and four years earlier she 'd quit smoking .
tr	O	You can explain exactly what happened to DC Hall , and I 'll go to the scene with your stretcher boys .
tr	O	The young girl thought about abandoning her overstuffed backpack , but she would need the supplies for her long journey .
tr	O	He 's got that spot in her heart , and he always will .
tr	O	There 's a heavy boot pressed into my back and I can 't lift my head to distinguish who 's speaking to me .
tr	O	Some witches only have to recognize that they want something , and then , all of a sudden , it 's theirs .
tr	O	I wasn 't a Vampire Diaries fan but Miranda was addicted to the show .
tr	O	His head jerks up and he spots me gaping .
tr	O	He did not wear a shirt , and his body rippled with taught muscles .
tr	O	Eve 's apron hit the counter , and she ducked under the barrier to join Claire on the other side .
tr	I	It will be , but not yet , I thought .
tr	O	She really could 've shown up at the altar in a teal T-shirt , and I would 've married her with my heart full of love .
tr	I	She could not help herself , but she knew she was overreacting .
tr	O	The clean county air blew away and a fowl odor invaded his nostrils .
tr	I	He was beginning to get a little bolder with the curves , and he hadn 't passed another vehicle for quite some time .
tr	I	Her mother , at least , seemed quite devoted , but maybe Courtney claimed to have been unloved , that her parents were the worst parents ever .
tr	I	The quicker she found her ride home , the better , and she wasn 't in any mood to deal with the police .
tr	O	He has his biological brain , which is damaged , and he has a new computer brain , which is designed to correct the damage .
tr	O	These are good people and we are the future .
tr	O	The battle seems to be going well for the Vampires , but most of the vapor beasts are far away from the ship .
tr	I	I pulled up beside my dad and we arrived at the beach house .
tr	I	Lorraine seemed to blame him , and his American friend was dead .
tr	O	I let out a held breath , but I still can 't stand it .
tr	O	There was supposed to be padding there to make his shoulders look broad but there wouldn 't be any room with those shoulders .
tr	O	A knock sounded at the door and she jumped guiltily , shaken abruptly from the romantic interlude playing in her head .
tr	I	I lean back against the wooden wall in satisfaction , and the rich , robust flavor of the liquid smothers my tongue .
tr	I	The only upsetting occurrence was the rainy , gloomy weather , and Chocolate Fair The next days passed by without any incident .
tr	O	The blow causes me to gasp and cold water penetrates my lungs .
tr	O	I chased her off once , but she came back .
tr	O	She is still smiling but she is serious .
tr	O	Heather suggested that he should get some sleep , but Daniel wished instead to return to the wounded .
tr	O	Cara took his chair and I sat on the floor since I was the reason we were there .
tr	I	I never bothered to delve into the matter and we had other things on our minds .
tr	O	The four Exiles all breathed a noticeable sigh of relief , but the Prince did not .
tr	O	The portrait faded and the old photograph that I 'd seen earlier , the one of the school in 1903 , appeared .
tr	I	Some were younger and some were old .
tr	O	On the plus side , she 'd never have to deal with her period again , but having motherhood yanked out from under her was rough .
tr	I	Already he was ready for another round and he 'd just experienced a mind-blowing orgasm ?
tr	O	It was hard to believe his night of seductive words and groaning had turned out to be nothing more than a spy mission .
tr	I	I 'll go wherever you want and put half a million in there today .
tr	I	There was one interesting fallout from the Paul Ash Contest , but Paul Ash did not invite me to travel around the country with him .
tr	I	I could swear it 's looking forward to this , but it 's only a robot .
tr	I	She turned to look at the man standing in the doorway and the door to the bedroom opened on a hush of sound .
tr	I	A bell pinged in the air and the air jets immediately turned off .
tr	O	Bod shook his head , and he gestured around him .
tr	I	She wobbled on her feet for balance , and my hand completely overtook her shoulder .
tr	I	It was to grasp my hand tightly in hers , but Amelie 's arm dropped from my shoulder as well .
tr	O	The foul odour tickled the back of his throat and he gagged on a rise of bile .
tr	O	Her breath caught and an ache of pure need filled her at the sight of him .
tr	O	I have a routine and he 's ruining it .
tr	I	It was also free of the madness , but it was a world void of the beauty she 'd preciously seen .
tr	O	It was her mouth ... And that beauty mark .
tr	I	That weak rasp was all he could manage then , and they 'd cut his throat , torn it with their fangs .
tr	O	Benjy tucked his arm around me , and I shot Knox a grateful look .
tr	O	Sir Rolf 's face visor was raised and strands of blonde hair poked out from beneath his chain coif .
tr	O	The spasmodic motion of his body jolted his arm a few inches more than was comfortable and he scrunched his face in pain .
tr	O	He was obviously part Native American , and Chelsea wondered why he seemed so different from the other Brands .
tr	I	Now it was occupied with diners in search of some seclusion , but Ethan glanced into the private room .
tr	I	He wouldn 't meet my gaze , but he shrugged .
tr	O	On the drive we talked easily , but we did make a small detour .
tr	I	The hall dissolved into chaos and the king 's eyes widened .
tr	O	I watch her until the door closes behind her and the black fabric that hangs in front of it settles .
tr	I	It only added to her worries where he was concerned ... and she couldn 't put the puzzle of Zach Sullivan together .
tr	I	To do , but for all those changes , all that upheaval , what else was there ?
tr	I	That was enough , but he only had an acre .
tr	O	Not that he was adverse to making love to her , but her quick turnaround on the topic left his head spinning .
tr	O	The conversation around me faded and a few seconds later , Daemon dropped into the seat to my left .
tr	O	He wasn 't the neatest of souls and his mind immediately went to his mother .
tr	O	One of them handed me Marc 's pistol , but neither had anything to say .
tr	I	She took a deep breath , and they were outside the tent within minutes .
tr	O	I glance at Anthony and he looks back .
tr	I	His palms are cold against my skin and I lower my feet to the floor as his hands sneak under my shirt .
tr	O	He doesn 't pressure me , not really , but he doesn 't stop trying to seduce me either .
tr	I	He wanted some time to think , but the concert didn 't start for a couple of hours .
tr	I	Hell worked in efficient ones , but God might work in mysterious ways .
tr	I	The hand another four and the blade was about six inches long .
tr	O	It was Jack and he was worried .
tr	I	My mom would love it and it was an antique .
tr	O	I don 't know if you 've ever had someone scream right in your face , but let me tell you it 's the most terrifying experience .
tr	I	I glanced over at the front door and Worry began to break through my curiosity .
tr	O	Jeff opened the door for her to leave the house , but she remembered leaving her coat in the living room area .
tr	I	A third will likely kill and a second may cause injury .
tr	O	Tony had glared at David over his shoulder , but David had merely smiled back at him .
tr	I	Her mouth was dry as cotton , despite the cold water she continued to sip and Natalie 's heart beat rapidly .
tr	O	He hadn 't flirted with a woman in quite some time , but he was instantly attracted to her , so he tried anyway .
tr	O	Mouths hung open and all breathing appeared to cease .
tr	I	I just stared at my boots , but I was tempted to run away .
tr	I	Most non-essential systems were offline and the ship was still on silent running .
tr	O	She was large , thickly armored and Eli could only imagine how heavy .
tr	O	She had decided not to kill his father , but now she was sneaking into the most dangerous part of the palace .
tr	I	As he comes closer to me , I start to feel almost faint and he smiles cordially .
tr	I	Damien is more so , but my mother is formidable .
tr	I	There wasn 't but I 'd like to say there was a trick to staying safe .
tr	O	She could see through his eyes intermittently , but it wasn 't as intrusive as usual .
tr	O	The truth was that she didn 't think Timmy could make it , and if she waited for him , neither of them would get up .
tr	I	What looked like diamonds made up the castle , and blue lapis had been used for the sky .
tr	I	Still he didn 't move , but I yelled it a few more times from the top of my lungs .
tr	O	I tried to keep my patience , but I was annoyed with myself that I had not questioned Aimee from the start .
tr	O	She accepted the coffee , but instead of sitting to drink it , she wandered around Mr. Naked Man 's home .
tr	I	I take a deep breath before turning back to him , and my bag lands loudly on the floor as I drop it down .
tr	I	It was Frank 's last and the message was duly posted .
tr	O	You 're not a doon and you 're not doing anything wrong !
tr	I	I am going to change into Sibyl , but he has met me as Mrs. Fuller .
tr	O	I have broken more rules in my time than I care to remember , and I 've had to face the consequences .
tr	I	He didn 't move it , but she pushed at his arm .
tr	I	His voice shook as he spoke , and his hands closed into fists .
tr	I	It was all he could force himself to do to break the contact , and slowly he lifted his mouth .
tr	I	The voices were new , but as soon as Simon punched the keys , the image on the screen stayed the same .
tr	I	They both jumped into bed and Anabel closed the window .
tr	O	You get results but the world seems to be a changing place .
tr	O	My fiancée was inside and now she 's gone .
tr	I	Order be maintained , and what mattered was that the work got done as it should be done .
tr	O	We wouldn 't resort to torture or anything so drastic - just try to scare a few answers out of him .
tr	I	All waited for it anxiously and it was a real fiesta .
tr	I	She knew the day would come but it would take time .
tr	O	Then more Crusaders had arrived to construct more machines , and their attacks had punched holes in the city walls .
tr	I	It wasn 't the first time and her Aunt 's adverse reaction didn 't surprise her .
tr	O	He was boisterous , but there 's nothing very unusual about that .
tr	O	Sam 's eyes rolled wildly and he wrenched to one side .
tr	I	It was enough to satiate her , but it was not the appropriate answer for what she wanted .
tr	O	Several silent seconds passed , and she raised her foot from the pedal .
tr	O	You have both been very civil toward me and I will always remember that .
tr	O	Another ten minutes , and I bet it 'd all be gone .
tr	I	He was giving her what she wanted , yet she had not begged .
tr	I	It didn 't conceal anything but a dark cloak was casually thrown over his shoulders .
tr	O	It then flopped all the way open and he came up , looking warily around .
tr	O	It was an easier climb than I remembered , and a newly liberated Einstein scrambled past us .
tr	I	Someone grabbed her by the neck , and thundering steps issued from behind her .
tr	I	I could see my comment about his paid for toy bothered him and his mouth formed a tight line .
tr	O	It ´ s a young man such as the Arcs and he dressed in the same fatigues .
tr	O	We fog up the windows and there 's a hand pressed against the glass just like in that one movie .
tr	I	His fists remained clenched , but he loosened his grip .
tr	I	They let her know it , and her family 's loss is Richmond 's gain .
tr	O	Jacob was still running , but Grace had somehow reached him already .
tr	O	The front yard was filled with perhaps twenty cars , and a crowd had gathered before a big old tree .
tr	O	She 'd gambled and she 'd lost .
tr	O	I needed a hell of a lot more than fresh air , but it was a start .
tr	O	I knew he was speaking , but that was all .
tr	I	If something really was wrong , she needed to know I was concerned about her , but I didn 't want to pry .
tr	O	She looked over a shoulder , and the horror of what she saw tripped her feet .
tr	I	I was suddenly sure that it wasn 't good , but I didn 't know what I was doing here .
tr	O	The health was bad and the money ran out .
tr	O	The princess had a part to play and it was Marja 's job to make sure that she played it well .
tr	O	The expression on her face , six inches away , was unmistakable and I felt a slight impulse to respond .
tr	O	He flipped open his badge , and the two men exchanged uncertain glances .
tr	I	Irwin began to prattle right away , but Vivian kept her mouth firmly shut .
tr	O	Ezio was about to interrupt but Leonardo held up a nervous hand .
tr	I	Austin threw another one , clearing the path yet again with a loud explosion and another group of zombies were coming straight for us .
tr	I	With one swallow , I knew I 'd missed his , but I never thought I 'd miss the taste of blood .
tr	I	No one mentioned her whereabouts , and what worried him more was he had not seen her since that night .
tr	O	We 're still a bit away from it but I keep flicking the torch over the metal .
tr	O	I pretend that we are other people , somewhere else , and this , too , makes it easier to keep going .
tr	O	Elliot started to kiss me again , but he was interrupted by a knock on the door .
tr	O	You 're an attractive woman and I hope you don 't find me repulsive .
tr	O	They had never spoken , but Willow had the feeling that he knew more about her than she did about him .
tr	I	To risk it all to be known around mortals -- or to remain forever in a hidden identity ?
tr	O	Even though I was born in the states , my parents were just learning English , and we always spoke Italian at home .
tr	O	I became me account than it missed me , and my despite I now felt me as hypnotized by that thought .
tr	O	Becky appeared weary as we headed to our lockers , but I remained unperturbed .
tr	O	His gaze raked over her slowly , and he flashed his teeth at her .
tr	O	The telephone rang early one morning and before I picked it up , I wondered what more bad news there could be .
tr	O	He 'd checked and she was fine .
tr	I	It sucked , and I got it in Papua New Guinea .
tr	I	Together they walked around the back of the house to the main garden , which was alight , and James took her hand .
tr	I	Lucky for him it ´ s carpeted and her brother falls to the floor .
tr	I	They were my specialty and I had many , many light balls ( bulbs , are what the people used to call them , ) .
tr	O	She had to get this over quickly before her heart melted and she gave in to the questions burning in her own mind .
tr	I	The actuator will trip , and just hold the squawk button for long enough .
tr	O	There were a couple of teenagers when I was found , but there was never anyone my age until I was ten .
tr	I	I was promptly escorted off the premises and we exchanged the cash for the handcuffs .
tr	I	I would be free and I just needed to get my arm out from under her weight .
tr	O	Annie felt a bit childish , but she couldn 't stop herself .
tr	O	Caleb said nothing , but we had to do something .
tr	I	He didn 't look up , but tallis was the one to respond .
tr	I	It definitely held merit , but it fluttered around his mind , refusing to be pinned down long enough for decent study .
tr	I	She took another and it was delicious .
tr	O	Major Smythe had known that it wouldn 't be or the climbers ' hut couldn 't have been built on the shoulder .
tr	I	Right now , there wasn 't a pressing need for it , but he 'd have to talk to Chad at some point .
tr	O	The tunnel was totally empty except for the rats , but she still hated being so vulnerable .
tr	O	The hydrogen will be hot after the reaction , and it 'll want to go up .
tr	O	She was a heavyset woman of forty-five , and with one glance it was not difficult to understand why she was still single .
tr	O	Slade had heard some crazy stories , but this one caused his mind to blank .
tr	I	She paled and the man suddenly looked at Misty .
tr	I	He 'd asked but she hadn 't wanted to upset him .
tr	O	He 'd learned long ago to be patient , and after glancing toward the windows , he raised the paper again .
tr	I	Frankie winked at me , and Nancy squeezed my shoulder .
tr	I	She couldn 't read it from where she 'd knelt , but a small paper tag , held in place with a gold string displayed a name .
tr	I	There was a crease between his eyebrows , and Gansey looked up at her .
tr	I	He 's getting into Frankie 's SUV while I stay with my dead mother and it 's like we 're fourteen again .
tr	O	She bent to retrieve them , but somehow he was there first .
tr	O	He could see things I didn 't and I liked having his opinion on stuff .
tr	O	His face crumpled and I couldn 't take it .
tr	O	Chunks of hair are missing from the deceased 's scalp and the intact hair is covered in the deceased 's blood .
tr	O	It was an unremarkable card , probably sold at any number of market outlets along the tourist route and he turned it over slowly .
tr	I	His thoughts had been scattered well before the heavy had struck him , but * * * * * David 's head ached from Venn 's blows .
tr	O	Neither would she , and she wondered what other surprises the holidays had in store .
tr	O	Some of them had brought deck chairs , and some of them were playing cards .
tr	I	He 'd ripped the darn things in half with his clumsy fingers , but he 'd tried to put in contacts tonight for her .
tr	I	She couldn 't move and Mia 's breathe stuck in her lungs .
tr	I	Edward doesn 't miss a beat , and I kick him under the table .
tr	I	He seized me in one swift movement and a low growl erupted from his chest .
tr	I	Riley was right about one thing , but I didn 't know if I could entirely trust him .
tr	I	We didn 't know what that stood for , but it has the initials D.W. on it .
tr	I	I would die or I would live .
tr	O	It stinks , but it 's the way the world works .
tr	I	He 'd never explained why they 'd broken up , but Charles had said he hadn 't spoken to Bronwyn in twelve years .
tr	I	The last thing Cassidy needed was to become the new object of her torture , and I knew what Charlotte could be like .
tr	O	Okay , her breasts were not small , but they weren 't this prominent .
tr	O	His eyes shot around the room , and his brow furrowed .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure how I had gotten in bed and I couldn 't really remember the events of the night before .
tr	O	My heart thumps erratically , and my tongue swells twice its size at the thought of actually vocalizing in her presence .
tr	I	He backs up a couple of steps , creating enough space between us that we can move freely and I take it .
tr	O	I would become Bethany , and he 'd become Dawson .
tr	O	There was no sound of pursuit from the ghouls , but that didn 't mean they weren 't being followed .
tr	I	It was a part of his plan and she knew this was just a beginning .
tr	I	It wasn 't taking , but he tried sounding serious .
tr	O	I am not faulting her love for her city , but she could name barely three settlements outside of Matara .
tr	O	She 'd made a livable wage painting portraits , but spare cash had been a rarity .
tr	I	I was sorry for the kid and I was feeling generous .
tr	O	Her cries turned to gurgles , and she tore at my elbow with what little strength she had left .
tr	I	My body meets him for every thrust , and I 'm hypnotized by his slow , steady rhythm .
tr	I	She shook her head , but the appreciation on his face made the breath catch in her throat .
tr	O	The days were longer , but she had no idea how much .
tr	O	We walked out of the loft and Nick helped me down the stairs .
tr	I	I hid a grin and Emma 's gaze skated back to Rhys .
tr	O	His aim was more damaging than mine , and he managed to limp away .
tr	I	The growl that rumbled deep in his chest was threatening , and the dog 's black hair bristled .
tr	O	Sean stepped in towards Brenda , and she handed him the knife .
tr	O	Unseen branches whipped across her face and she stumbled over hidden roots .
tr	I	I 'm not going away , and I know who you are .
tr	I	Rush pulled me up against his chest until my breasts were pressed against him and a knock sounded at the door .
tr	O	Some part of me agreed with her about the need to lose ten pounds , but it still stung to hear it .
tr	O	She appraised her cards , and soon the betting began .
tr	O	Ernest inhaled deeply and his anxiety subsided .
tr	I	Only an unintelligible whisper came out , but he tried to speak .
tr	O	My teeth sharpen , and my body shrinks .
tr	I	We found ourselves facing the open door of a parlor , and she led me around a corner .
tr	O	Mates did that , instinctively , protecting their females from other male Shifters , but Cassidy knew Diego had not done it for any mate reason .
tr	O	My head hurt like the devil , and it was still dark .
tr	I	Maternal Nature bade me weep no more , and the very winds whispered in soothing accents .
tr	I	McCoy struggled to remember her name , and a female deputy sat behind the front desk .
tr	I	He revised that thought and his gaze met Kip 's head on .
tr	O	His heart seemed to beat out of his chest , and he couldn 't control his panting .
tr	I	I was pretty sure we 'd still have a little left , but we 'd lose some of it .
tr	I	He had to push back the rage that was propelling him forward and his voice was a whisper .
tr	O	I was probably going to die , and a lot of people were going to die with me .
tr	O	Now he was just a teacher , and I was just another student , not connected to him in any special way .
tr	O	She tugged on the bill of his ball cap , and he grinned .
tr	I	Only gurgled sounds escaped her but she was trying to speak .
tr	O	One of those had fallen over and the cardboard carton appeared to be bleeding .
tr	O	The large male moved menacingly toward Peter , but he never took his eyes off Amy .
tr	I	Maria was thumbing through a magazine and Ruby had gone up to bed .
tr	O	Lea threw a left uppercut to Payton 's chin , and Payton attacked with a left hook , making an exchange .
tr	I	He wasn 't a cruel man , and none of them would miss Mary .
tr	O	He held up one of the vials , and I could see lines of concentration deepening on his face as he focused on it .
tr	I	One fellow kept looking at me , but there weren 't many people there .
tr	O	I made the decision for myself , but I had no right to make it for you .
tr	O	I knew I wouldn 't be as safe once I walked away from Fred , but I had to hear what Diego had wanted to tel me .
tr	I	It was marred with embarrassment but now the blush had returned .
tr	O	I 'd never look at that car the same way , but my sentimentality wasn 't enough to keep it from Zoe .
tr	O	Gage lifted his hand as if to protest , but she cut him off .
tr	O	Her lips trembled upward into a smile , but his gentle reproach just made her want to cry all the more .
tr	I	It was slung over his shoulder and he had his tuxedo in a garment bag .
tr	I	His lip curled and his head declined .
tr	I	Hopefully he would understand what I was about to tell him , and he understood .
tr	O	It was a statement of fact and she believed him , remembering how she had hung on to him , virtually inviting what had followed .
tr	I	He might have been able to , except that Verlaine stepped past him , heading toward Asa , and ignore her , he told himself .
tr	O	Eric nodded , and Ron looked at me .
tr	I	Glanced at the alarm clock on his night table and * * * * * Rick awoke slowly .
tr	I	Several of those felt loose as well , and I used my feet to feel the other bricks around the newly empty space .
tr	I	Something made her hesitate , but she turned to go .
tr	O	He wanted to tell her it would be all right , but he wasn 't heartless enough to hand her that lie .
tr	I	It was all evil , and it was all black .
tr	I	All he finds is an endless black , but landing safely upon a small platform of earth , he waits for his eyes to adjust .
tr	I	We start into the maze and Light bursts into the sky .
tr	O	I poured another shot , but Shaya reached for it .
tr	I	As she did so , she felt her soul motion towards the light above , and she felt herself being drawn into the soul of another .
tr	O	He closed the door behind us and we headed down the porch steps .
tr	I	For the first time in her life , Sarah Townsend willfully told a lie , and his voice was hoarse .
tr	O	It was about 2 a.m. , and the lights were still on at the Watson residence .
tr	I	The sneaker was already soaked , but I jerked my leg up .
tr	I	Something had gone terribly wrong , but a beautiful spot to build a city .
tr	O	Sam didn 't answer , and I realized he hadn 't heard me .
tr	I	I knew he wouldn 't do it , but if I could , I 'd make Chance stay behind too .
tr	I	Then you 'd want to know more , but I could tell you .
tr	I	The Vampire smiled in victory and finally the officer turned away .
tr	O	His fluidity had stiffened a fraction and his delivery was somewhat weaker than everyone was used to .
tr	I	You 're a great guy , and I like you a lot .
tr	I	I was always assigned to the mine at Cold Pass Mountain , but some officials had favorite keepers that they used like personal servants .
tr	I	She nods , hearing him clearly enough , even with her fingers in her ears , and Tyson inputs .
tr	I	Somehow I know she 's right , but I love her so much .
tr	O	His tone was bitter , but Ashley busted out laughing .
tr	O	A few caught her eye , and she folded them carefully , putting them in the pocket of her jacket .
tr	O	He scanned her face , and she quelled the urge to fidget .
tr	I	He 'd save that for later , but all three nosed at his hand in the hope of treats .
tr	I	They removed their glasses and the light flashed out .
tr	O	Tony slowly walked away , but Gavin found himself yelling into empty space .
tr	O	Cain almost grinned at her ferocity , but his lips were too tightly twisted with desire .
tr	O	He leaned over to kiss her , but he couldn 't reach her lips .
tr	O	Of course , I realized that any action taken against him could also involve you , but I did not expect this .
tr	O	The call of the darkness had become strong in him these last years and he spent most of his time alone , far from temptation .
tr	I	We all turned to listen to her comments , and she began walking toward us .
tr	O	The novelty wore off , and I gave up after a couple of weeks .
tr	I	My mind was fuzzy , and my limbs felt numb .
tr	I	We stepped into a long hallway , and it opened at her touch , however .
tr	O	She thought she could still hear it , far away , but she wasn 't sure .
tr	O	He looked over his shoulder as he said it , and Kait thought his glance encompassed Gabriel as well as her .
tr	O	Suddenly he felt as if he hated his mother , though he didn 't know why , and he silently prayed to God for forgiveness .
tr	I	His eyes darted at me frantically , but his voice was a normal tone as if the earth wasn 't trying to swallow me .
tr	I	She knew better , but her brother said she was paranoid .
tr	O	She faced me , and I understood what we had to do .
tr	O	' Always , ' he said and he couldn 't say any more .
tr	I	Plaster was filtering down and the ceiling was buckling .
tr	I	There wasn 't much natural light , and this was one room that had intact shutters .
tr	O	The man behind my back speaks for the first time , and I whip around to face him .
tr	I	He did not care , but he painfully hit himself on landing .
tr	I	I highly doubted he would , but I figured he wanted to try to find the person .
tr	O	It was a dangerous hobby , but Claire guessed Kim knew that .
tr	O	She was a broken frame that shook off all human contact , but she kept asking for Ethan .
tr	O	We heard a rustling in the leaves far away , but then we heard giggling .
tr	O	Her implant said there were no heat signatures , but it wouldn 't hurt to stay on guard .
tr	I	Moody listened to Morris quietly muttering as he moved away from the living room and the receiver was gently replaced .
tr	O	His hand dropped , but he stepped closer .
tr	O	Like Francesca , Skyler spoke in French , yet Francesca had the feeling it wasn 't her first language .
tr	O	She realized that her current living arrangement was less than ideal , but at least it was a roof over their heads .
tr	O	The tone of his voice sounded familiar and my heart skipped a beat .
tr	I	Her sweet chubby cheeks were shiny from sunscreen and her red lipstick was faded from the sun .
tr	I	This is a script I can write , too , and he appears to know exactly who Declan is .
tr	O	She 'd trusted me , and I had failed her .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure how much damage I had done to my cover in the last few minutes , but I needed to find out .
tr	I	He chased me into the woods , and this angered him .
tr	I	Things are different now , but ordinarily I would not say as much .
tr	I	The black paint on our window shutters is peeling off in big chunks , and they 're in desperate need of a trim .
tr	I	She 'd pulled on a patchwork sweater over a turquoise T-shirt and Fiji was wearing a long brown skirt .
tr	I	He moaned and his eyes fluttered open .
tr	O	He took another step , this one bringing him close to her , but he didn 't touch her .
tr	O	She opens her mouth but no sound comes out .
tr	I	I have to place an order and my neighbor sells 'em .
tr	O	It scared the hell out of him to admit it , even to himself , but he had to know .
tr	O	The floor seemed to the sight to be of smooth ivory , but to the bare feet it felt carpeted .
tr	I	A pickpocket Cameron had rescued from the streets years ago , but he was not a finely trained servant from an agency .
tr	O	The nightmare wasn 't foreign after six years , but he 'd thought he 'd driven it back .
tr	I	I feel air beneath my feet and we both jump at the same time .
tr	I	She swallowed him down , and his cum erupted in her mouth .
tr	O	Tyler nodded encouragingly at him , but Spock just wagged his tail .
tr	O	I ducked to one side , but the net still clipped me .
tr	I	A new one begins , and their moment has ended .
tr	O	He lifted the mug to his lips but he did not actually drink the milk .
tr	I	My mind said no , but my lips quivered to get some even a taste .
tr	I	He wasn 't about to waste it , and they had a long night ahead of them .
tr	I	She didn 't answer , but I tried to call her .
tr	O	His words had no value to me and his actions had said everything .
tr	I	Hart was long ago and what was between me .
tr	O	Edmond was covered with bruises and Len was perfectly fine .
tr	O	This was the bracing sort of text we wanted to hear , and the people settled more comfortably in their pews .
tr	O	My instinct tells me this guy 's a psycho , but I 'm going to check out everything I can .
tr	O	She had no idea how long it 'd be before he came to get her , but she was looking forward to another night at the motel .
tr	I	Her hips rocked forward to find more contact and he wedged himself between her thighs .
tr	I	He 's two years old by Nephilim count , and Cowboy Hat 's real name is Shaun Corbridge .
tr	O	They hurried down the two flights to the bottom door , and they emerged into a tightly packed carpark .
tr	O	The last months , they had been eating quickly but he saw that they were eating quickly to get it over with .
tr	O	His sword dropped and his arms dangled .
tr	O	He looked at his partner , and they left .
tr	O	Honestly , I didn 't appreciate the scents Winkler left on me either , but there wasn 't anything I could do about it .
tr	I	I convince him to stay for dinner , joking that we needed a little divine intervention and we talk with father Jeffers .
tr	I	The net caught her arm and the bull reared again .
tr	O	I didn 't want to go but it was expected that I would .
tr	I	Sandy seems to be totally fine with it and now we 're suddenly having conversations about getting boyfriends .
tr	I	He would take care of the ranch and she would see to the resort portion .
tr	O	He treaded water for the both of us , holding me up , and I marveled at his strength .
tr	O	He crossed the intersection boldly , walking against the traffic , infuriating a couple of drivers , but he reached the other corner , naturally , unharmed .
tr	I	Karla went through into the kitchen and the lunch time rush passed .
tr	I	He already knew her so well and he was so skilled .
tr	I	He finished the wine and Kate opted for a Spanish coffee .
tr	I	It might stop my heart from aching if I do , but I still wasn 't sure if I should see him .
tr	I	We did get intimate and I dated my girlfriend from high school for a very long time .
tr	O	Fes wouldn 't have said anything anyway , but he nodded his understanding .
tr	I	His eyes shoot open , and his head jerks suddenly upward .
tr	I	She thought she would faint and her heard swirled .
tr	I	The gods were now joining the mess of fighting bodies around front , and Apollo had obliterated the soldiers .
tr	O	Eric shoved his hand into the water to take the necklace out , but the lake was deep .
tr	O	It smacked of playboy games and this was no game to her .
tr	I	There was no time to get off a shot , but he managed to free his weapon from the holster before I barreled into him .
tr	I	No one could 've guessed she was capable of murder , but she 'd always been a little different , definitely offbeat .
tr	I	A cool surge of power washed over her , and he growled , his mouth parting to reveal his fully extended fangs .
tr	O	He waited a moment longer before slowly standing up The door to the building opened suddenly and he crouched down again , watching through the binoculars .
tr	O	Any conflict would need to be resolved quickly or they would have to resort to regular weapons .
tr	O	His eyes snapped open again and he pulled me back in .
tr	O	I looked over at my mother and we both started laughing .
tr	O	I 've lived on the street for a year now , and so far , no regrets -- with help from Rosie .
tr	O	The crowd was very animated and every face had an expression of amazement of something that was taking place just off camera .
tr	O	It was just enough , and her mother dragged Rachel up to safety .
tr	I	Now she 'd have to live with the group 's response , and she 'd asked the question from her rigid perch on Monique 's other sofa .
tr	I	Horses were disgusting , and horses lived in stalls inside of barns .
tr	I	Dee popped back into the foyer , but he opened his mouth to say something .
tr	O	As she helped him from the bed to the gurney , he broke out in a sweat , but he didn 't make a sound .
tr	I	The laughter was gone , ground out like the cigarette and she raised her eyes to Billy .
tr	I	They remind me of why I 'm going to marry him and they 're beautiful memories .
tr	I	He chose to ignore it , despite my attempts to make it obvious , but he had to have heard the bewilderment in my voice .
tr	I	What formerly was known as Joe 's brain is currently spread all over the walls and three seconds later a loud pop is heard behind the window .
tr	O	Her grandmother whispered a prayer , but Karen couldn 't understand all the words .
tr	O	Saul was now waiting patiently for my decision , but I was still unsure of what to do .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to scream , but all that came out was a muffled cry .
tr	I	Descendant will do , but a lot of greats would need to go before granddaughter .
tr	O	He 'd hit me with his best shot , and I 'd apparently shrugged it off .
tr	O	His vehicle was in the driveway , and the front porch lights were on .
tr	O	A bit of understanding dawned , but it was enough .
tr	O	I hear the thing chasing us , and it has got to be huge .
tr	I	His hand stopped an inch away , but he reached out to touch my face the same way Knox had .
tr	I	The pain from the piercing was already waning , but the silver cross felt cold resting in her navel .
tr	O	I should never have interfered , but I couldn 't help it .
tr	I	I like her , but she 's not a close friend .
tr	I	He doesn 't , but I wait for him to say something .
tr	O	She counted eight , knowing that , including Isis , there should be nine , but as far as she could tell , Isis was absent .
tr	O	Her big , green Reboot eyes glowed in the darkness and she lifted her eyebrows , asking silently how the mission went .
tr	I	I wondered how many hot points that would 've scored me if Sydney were here , and the words rolled easily off my tongue .
tr	I	She was traveling the star lanes as soon as she was old enough to jump , and Ms. Navarro was raised in a spacer family .
tr	I	Her heart sped up double time , and she felt the vibrations ring in her ears .
tr	I	Steven wouldn 't let her go but she tried to pull away .
tr	I	I don 't , but I want to run .
tr	I	He was determined to know the truth , but he knew he had hurt her feelings .
tr	I	There still must be a sacrifice -- Serena in exchange for a new generation of Undine , but it was a nice try .
tr	I	She 'd always been someone close to my heart , but she 'd always been a pain in the ass .
tr	I	Harris was sleeping with his new Happy Horse hugged to his chest and it was late .
tr	O	This gets a laugh from Ken and some of his nervousness fades away .
tr	I	As if I was planning future dates , but I not only sounded like a Chamber of Commerce ad .
tr	I	Two figures watched the women practice , and it was open .
tr	O	He would feel guilty about what happened all those years ago , but then , I think he always did feel a bit guilty about it .
tr	O	I came close to telling her about my Fairy Godmother , but I knew that she would turn those words against me .
tr	O	I shot him in the mouth , and his head broke into two sloppy halves that slid down his body .
tr	I	Lena walked into it , and a green pipe appeared .
tr	I	Nothing like this , but he wasn 't sure what he 'd expected .
tr	O	I feel like a real server , and it 's kind of exciting .
tr	O	My entire body was nearly numb but that was as much from remaining immobile so long as from the drug .
tr	O	It 's a lame response , but I hadn 't planned on talking about art today .
tr	I	The lines of gravestones prevented Harry from seeing back towards the gate , and the pile of excavated earth blocked any view further into the cemetery .
tr	O	The thought entered her consciousness and it worried her a bit .
tr	O	She clung to me and I held on to her , like neither one of us was ever letting go .
tr	O	Ares dove and when he came up he had a sodden Thalia in his claws .
tr	I	It 's not your time and that cost is too great .
tr	O	I may not have been blessed in the bust department , but I was given a nice set of legs .
tr	O	He smiled at me , and his eyes glazed over .
tr	I	It wasn 't helping that Samuel now rubbed his thumb in circles over the palm of her hand and Vela broke a sweat .
tr	O	Cindy was still out , and with Penny starting her vacation , this was going to be another week of juggling appointments .
tr	O	Her arm lays stretched out in front of her and she can see the figure coming closer through the hollow of her curled fingers .
tr	O	The sun shone brightly over head , and bright , fluffy clouds floated by .
tr	O	Floyd really was a nice man , and she did feel sorry for him .
tr	I	She would have hated you even more than she does now , and she would have known you felt sorry for her .
tr	O	She didn 't want to hurt him , and he got that .
tr	O	He laughed , obviously unable to contain himself , and my face flamed .
tr	I	I start to choke up and it feels so good to hold her .
tr	O	The grounds were fenced , and wolves ran loose within the compound .
tr	I	This would not be a good time for a possible computer breakdown and CLEO had already shown that she was not immune to digital stress .
tr	I	He remained silent but his breath hitched .
tr	O	Her gaze locked with his , and he gave her that half smile she was becoming way too fond of .
tr	I	Her arms flopped to her sides with exhaustion and Warmth returned to Echo 's hands .
tr	O	A chill swept along her spine , but it had nothing to do with the cold .
tr	O	He nodded and I continued .
tr	O	The music master handed her a violin , and she took a moment to look it over .
tr	I	Something entered and the stairway doors at each end of the room opened slowly .
tr	O	You 'd think after more than two years they 'd see that I was serious about being with their daughter , but nothin 's changed .
tr	O	He worked long hours and it was often depressing .
tr	O	There were others to think of now , and he had to consider their needs .
tr	I	Then he dropped the truck into first , and the truck 's engine caught with a throaty bellow .
tr	O	The fatigue was creeping in , and the my grip on my mind was slipping .
tr	O	Christoph answers and he studies me curiously as I struggle to breathe .
tr	I	I was too afraid that he would know something was wrong , but I wanted to hear his voice , to feel it caress my mind .
tr	O	It kind of came out of nowhere , but the moment it popped in my head , I knew I had to do it .
tr	I	It tempered her relationships upon the floating vessel , and the fear of discovery was there , however .
tr	O	The blue completely gone except for a small ball at the center , and even that was fading .
tr	I	I feel power well up from nowhere and the magic within me warms to Grubbs 's .
tr	I	It was the most glorious thing I 'd ever seen and he smiled .
tr	I	A second later he had the belt clutched in both his hands , and the belt dropped within nine inches from Ben 's outstretched arm .
tr	O	Troy 's jaw tightened , but he didn 't speak .
tr	I	If we do this , it will stay that way and it 's incomplete .
tr	I	They went on to do whatever they did to relax and all of them called the junior officers to take over .
tr	I	Shifters could be badly hurt in them , but these matches weren 't to the death .
tr	O	A snap nearby startled me , and I turned toward the sound .
tr	I	I can 't bring myself to let go of her hand , but something tells me I should run .
tr	O	Her head tilts back , and I gather some of her hair at the back of her head into my hand , making a fist .
tr	I	He watched her mouth and his sea green eyes darkened .
tr	I	Sophie , that was the black woman 's name , watched little Nicholas while I was at work and I kept my job waiting on tables .
tr	O	Carl grabbed Quinn by the arm , and Quinn braced himself to be hit .
tr	I	That 's a good thing , because we can reach them , and right now it seems like pet cats are the main carriers .
tr	I	There was no way he could get to him in time to keep it from happening , but Nick recognized the signs of Julian coiling to attack .
tr	O	Her chest caved and she was locked where she stood , unable to move .
tr	I	He knew he must wait , but Nick 's body ached to take her .
tr	O	He didn 't know what she meant , but she seemed so upset he needed to fix it .
tr	O	Her eyes were down , staring at the hands bound beneath the restraints , but I could still see the swollen bags beneath .
tr	I	If the virus was strong enough I was susceptible , but my twin brother never got sick .
tr	O	As soon as the pizza disappeared , someone lowered the lights again and several couples started making their way back to the makeshift dance floor .
tr	I	Vice versa , and losing myself was gaining him .
tr	I	Her mother stuck her head around the doorframe , and there was a knock on the door .
tr	I	It felt good against my face , but it smelled like a boy too .
tr	O	The forests were teeming with wildlife at that time , and wilderness took up more of the French countryside than did villages .
tr	O	He smiled , but she saw the disappointment in his eyes .
tr	I	My thighs burn in anticipation and he wets his lips with his tongue .
tr	O	She 's a little less bitter than Chloe was , but it 's no secret they 're cut from the same cloth .
tr	I	Now it would kill me , and now the bee had returned .
tr	I	The name of the monastery found therein and he called down a spelled volume containing a history of the region .
tr	I	He found himself being pulled toward her , but he didn 't know what to say .
tr	O	Kelly nodded , and Margaret continued .
tr	O	He felt frozen , if he moved they would hear him , but if he stayed in place he was sure to be caught .
tr	I	When it 's dead , they move on to the next one and they drain a place to ashes .
tr	I	I gasped , biting into the cookie and the sweet flavor exploded in my mouth .
tr	I	It wasn 't anything I couldn 't handle , but the wind was making the waves slightly rough .
tr	I	He met me on the roof , but I couldn 't get in .
tr	O	He was useful at commanding the army but that was it .
tr	O	I felt an emotion pressing against my chest , and this time I knew exactly what it was .
tr	O	Brick kept on promising to bring her some gold to repay his debt , but he never did .
tr	I	You hardly know the man , but I know you 're married .
tr	I	His voice was urgent and his eyes were bright .
tr	O	You 're purposely disrespecting me , and I won 't have it .
tr	I	At the last minute she held back , but when he shared memories of his father , Adrienne considered telling him what was going on with hers .
tr	I	It could go deeper ... Or I don 't know .
tr	O	Her body became a vessel of his need , and she responded to his touch .
tr	I	As far as she could tell , nothing had changed , but she once estimated it was at least a dozen feet deep .
tr	I	There was enough without that ; but it would be unfair to take seriously the things the man had said immediately before his seizure , no doubt .
tr	O	She considered making a parting comment , but she realized he was looking for an excuse to kill her right there , right now .
tr	I	She pulled back , shaking her head and a look of horror crossed her face .
tr	I	He didn 't care , but his Collar sparked , driving pain into his neck .
tr	I	Her head leaned back with a groan , and Myra pushed into his palm .
tr	O	The delicious food went with Dec into the meeting , and I 'm pretty sure no one was eating it .
tr	I	She was grabbing hold of it with both hands , and their love had been given a second chance .
tr	I	Aidan would have told me or Alexandria did not have such a thing .
tr	I	No one makes 'em the way Louise does , but couple of other craftspeople in Wilby make chimes .
tr	O	He was so smeared with filth that it was hard to tell , but it looked as if the cut on his face had already healed .
tr	I	He could get the girls he wanted to and he just talked with them about uncomplicated things .
tr	O	Dr. Holbrook wanted them back soon , and Gustav knew that .
tr	I	He groaned as his fingers circled her tiny waistline and her black garters were trimmed at the top with lace .
tr	I	Even that 's too late for him now , but yes , a letter would have been worthwhile .
tr	I	He didn 't kill Stutz , but I know Smith killed Janelle .
tr	O	These memories ... were just memories ... but they were all that now remained .
tr	I	Maybe I had just been hiding from the fact I was nursing a broken heart , but I 'd been comfortable with that .
tr	O	His eyes didn 't fade but he managed a feeble smile in return .
tr	O	Most did not clear the height , and fewer still arced over the roof .
tr	I	Dining areas crammed on top of one another , and her apartment was small , with the kitchen , living .
tr	I	It was almost impossible but turning away from the mirror , she pretended to ignore him .
tr	O	Something about her was evil and Hiro couldn 't help realizing he had no idea what was happening .
tr	I	They weren 't cruel , but his family was loud .
tr	O	Micah saw it , too , and anger crept up his face .
tr	O	Her eyes shift behind me and something hard enters her expression before she turns to face the front of the class .
tr	I	Each child was given a wristband to identify them , and several babysitters were there to care for the children .
tr	O	Corrado knew little to nothing about art , but even he could recognize the painting The Scream .
tr	O	He knew how to bend the truth , but for once he wanted more of himself .
tr	I	I was completely dry within a second and he walked up to me , muttered a few words beneath his breath .
tr	O	I 'm sure Mrs. Ragsdale does her best to keep on top of things , but she 's a seriously senior citizen .
tr	O	Ken nodded and Tom continued .
tr	O	He asked , and I had to agree that I felt better .
tr	I	The intermittent bleep notified him that a message was waiting , and a single red light blinked on its silver fascia .
tr	I	Chase has no way of knowing that , but I don 't like to be cornered .
tr	I	He wasn 't going to waste any room because he was saving it all up for pumpkin pie , but she 'd offered him a snack .
tr	O	The ice crystals had melted into puddles on the floor , and one corner of the envelope was soaked as a result .
tr	I	Another she exercised in and Kara had one pair of shoes she ran in .
tr	I	There was no way I 'd miss Christmas , and I couldn 't afford to make the trip back twice .
tr	O	The park was completely deserted and we were still in the clear from any infected .
tr	O	He worked for the NCIS , and yet someone who shouldn 't have had found the safe house .
tr	O	Each page was filled with the same sweeping longhand and she let her eyes float over the unknown phrases .
tr	O	My window blew open and the man came in .
tr	O	Clarice had set her sights on having him and nothing was going to stop her .
tr	I	It was only a matter of time before the cops found all the evidence they needed to charge him , and Ethan had been caught .
tr	I	Lady Randa bristled , and Basalt always seemed to make his use of the honorific sound like an insult .
tr	I	He was hardly convinced that the chief of police felt any need to gather the troops , but Dylan wanted to comfort her where he could .
tr	O	It was hard straining in the grey of the day , but the rain seemed to be abating .
tr	O	He paused , and the silence between them grew heavy .
tr	O	He had never before trusted anyone enough to tell them about his soulless state , but he was going to have to now .
tr	O	The testing at the client side had passed with no major defects reported and the application moved to production .
tr	I	He realized that it was time for him to go again and much to my dismay , Marshall 's internal clock went off .
tr	O	It was hot outside , but the fear for her father left her chilled to the bone .
tr	O	He winked in return , and the girls giggled as they walked off .
tr	I	It was locked but on a hunch they rushed over to the suite next to them .
tr	O	She had never been the best liar , but this one left her lips with ease .
tr	O	He was still dreaming , and the dreams were getting more intense .
tr	I	Her hand immediately flies to her mouth and MacKenzie flips the little black box open .
tr	I	I wondered if Nix was processing the real reason I was keeping him out and there were several beats of silence .
tr	I	The words drew my eyes directly to his , but he said it casually enough .
tr	O	His mother stared at them from the porch , but he didn 't look at her , either .
tr	O	I have to get them away from here , but I don 't want it to be forever .
tr	O	His expression was still inscrutable , but she saw that her words troubled him .
tr	I	There was no reply , but I listened .
tr	O	Travis used his cell phone to light the way , and I followed him down a series of hallways .
tr	O	Three dogs barked at the back of the house , but because they did not venture forward , the policemen correctly assumed they were chained up .
tr	O	His lips are on my neck , tasting me , devouring me , and I force myself to think straight .
tr	O	My voice is soft and my shoulders finally relax .
tr	I	He answers to ' Doc ' , but his name is Mark Perkins , by the way !
tr	O	Half of the building had been ripped from the second half , and this allowed the building to have collapsed slightly on its side .
tr	O	Megan tried wrestling him off her father but Dean pushed harder , pinning Clay to the wall .
tr	O	He fakes a smile and I hate that he 's faking it in front of me .
tr	I	She realized he had fallen to his knees by the side of her bed , and there was a thump .
tr	O	He clicked the locks on the Audi and we got in .
tr	I	Most robots felt it beneath their dignity to admit to it but it wouldn 't be the first robot to have feelings .
tr	O	Alain jumped onto the back of Harding 's two-seater and they roared away before the woman could make good on her threat to call the police .
tr	O	Then a bird trilled softly in his ear , and he straightened his spine , recognizing the ringtone .
tr	O	He was here and I was safe .
tr	I	She blew them out of her vision with a sharp breath , and right now a few strands of hair chopped in front of her gaze .
tr	I	The sleeve ripped from my shirt just as the hound 's jaws snapped shut and I twisted away .
tr	O	The hall was crowded with men when Eleanor entered it and all of them seemed to be speaking at the same time .
tr	O	Marcus might have wanted to touch Ashe , but he was worried that Ashe might not want it .
tr	I	She fell to her knees and her legs gave out .
tr	I	It also lacked the ego , but this place lacked the gravitas .
tr	O	The boy 's faces lit up and the entire team started taking off their helmets .
tr	I	He had seen no evidence to the contrary , that he was the last true patriot , and Jack believed .
tr	I	Again , the effort to keep myself composed had robbed me of all social graces , but my tone was colder than I 'd intended .
tr	O	He could feel her energy level was very low , but she wasn 't anywhere near the state she 'd been in the last time .
tr	I	Just as he were about to pull the trigger , I woke up and I was standing in front of him with a gun in my face .
tr	I	It was too late , but it wasn 't too long before the village locals began to resent the control that Tom had acquired .
tr	O	The wedding march begins and my stomach flutters .
tr	I	I felt him stiffen instantly at my words , but I hadn 't meant to ruin the moment .
tr	I	Again the sword slowed somewhat at the end , but he skimmed over the ground at a speed that should have led to death by road rash .
tr	O	It was only a few moments before the door opened and a tall , hooded man beckoned them in hurriedly .
tr	O	His appraisal was intense and it unnerved her , making the blood pound in her ears .
tr	I	My mom was okay with it , but other girls couldn 't go out that young .
tr	I	In this case I agreed with Margaret but I hated keeping secrets from our mother .
tr	O	His clothes were strewn across the bedroom floor and his curtains had only been pulled half shut .
tr	I	She 'd let him and Jackson had done this .
tr	O	She could seek it anytime she wanted and she wanted Dante right now .
tr	O	Ben had told me how arrogant he can be in court , and he was no different at the station .
tr	I	You 're finally getting the hang of it and you 've been at it for a while .
tr	I	I was about to tell him more about Skylar when the doorbell rang and Leo shook his head in wonderment .
tr	O	They live like this and we rent to them .
tr	O	Then a door opened , and two Germans walked out .
tr	I	She settled in to be bored out of her mind , and the orchestra started up .
tr	I	I turn to find Vicki , that slutty chick from the burger joint , and someone taps my shoulder .
tr	I	Twilight deepened toward night , and Afternoon dwindled to twilight .
tr	I	I actually had the asking price but of course I 'd be broke soon after the purchase -- taxes , electricity , etc. -- .
tr	O	Gideon grinned at her and she wagged her tail .
tr	I	Now she was dead because I couldn 't keep my mouth shut , and I was still the one who 'd set the ball in motion .
tr	O	I mean , if there were other people around , but you were the only one who could see something .
tr	O	What is done is done and now I am correcting things .
tr	O	She appeared to be held by two men , and her head was slumping forward on her chest .
tr	I	They were on a date , but Rick didn 't know it .
tr	I	Those who were left were not keen to serve their lord 's enemy , but not only had those who followed the Duke now run .
tr	O	Moisture gleamed at the head of his cock , and her mouth watered .
tr	I	The new leadership soon discovered that the dark , abandoned city held no allure of profit , but eventually , clear winners were decided .
tr	I	Then she knew , and she glanced round the room again .
tr	I	He was stopped from doing that , but Alonso was about to argue with Lea .
tr	I	His eyes widened and the driver looked right at me .
tr	I	Now it was like he walked around with a huge weight on his shoulders , but he was always a worrier .
tr	I	I wonder how long he 'll feel the need to do that , and I know that he holds back for me .
tr	I	If there was another way out , it remained elusive , but she spent the rest of the day looking for an exit .
tr	O	I was the third son of a minor noble and therefore set on a certain path upon my birth .
tr	O	The door slid aside , and a man stepped out .
tr	I	They wanted to see her as soon as possible but she had offered to take a cab home .
tr	I	She could feel their definition as they circled her , and they fit well around her waist .
tr	I	Baxter 's dad leaned forward , bringing his recliner to a sitting position and as Noah entered the room , the TV went silent .
tr	I	I will allow none of you to fall , and we teeter on the edge of banishment .
tr	I	I would not push you again and you are not ready .
tr	O	She flipped him off , and he gave another laugh .
tr	I	It 's like I 'm hitting a brick wall but I strain my mind to hear what he 's thinking .
tr	O	He hadn 't been swayed by a pretty face before , and he wasn 't going to start losing his cool now .
tr	O	Spencer placed her hand over Melissa 's , and her sister pulled her into a hug .
tr	I	Her magic was too strong for him , but he tried to pry Aunt Wisdom 's hand off his wrist with his fingers like an angry toddler .
tr	I	Killing her seems a little over the top to me , but now Phelps had a reason to be angry with her .
tr	O	Joan cannot see this but she can feel the cogs spinning in his head .
tr	I	I had never opened it , but there was a door there .
tr	I	He held on as she brought him to climax and Dare 's hand came up to tangle in her hair .
tr	O	Angie closed her eyes , but it didn 't help .
tr	O	The sapphire eyes twinkled and Cassie abruptly realized that the edge in her voice must be jealousy .
tr	O	He was placed down and the hands went away .
tr	O	Teaching you how to adjust to your new lifestyle is his responsibility , but he said you didn 't want to see him .
tr	O	I had to put them off with all my might , and my voice took on this wavering , high pitched quality .
tr	O	Adonis 's eyes widened , and he blinked several times .
tr	I	I panted against his mouth , dazed , and Jackson broke the kiss a moment later .
tr	O	Her stomach was roiling , and she was actually feeling a bit woozy .
tr	O	He leaned across the table as Agent Cranford and I stood up .
tr	O	It would have been quicker , easier , to simply drain one human , but to do so meant the mortal 's death .
tr	O	Well , I 'm not so good with twisting around languages , but I can tell you this straight up .
tr	I	I decided that the psychiatrist had been wrong about my being manic-depressive and my periods of depression had stopped .
tr	O	We 'll answer your questions and Blake will drive you home .
tr	O	We 'll keep the jewels , but y ' all can have your cell phones back after we 're done .
tr	O	This was a different place and it had different spirits .
tr	I	He was a long way from that particular goal , but he also wanted entry into her body again .
tr	O	She was threading her fingers through his hair , and he could feel her breath on his neck .
tr	I	The two of them struck up a conversation and Woods was trying to hustle up some work .
tr	I	I kissed the edge of his jaw and he looked at me for a long moment .
tr	I	An excited buzz rippled through it , and the throng stirred at his announcement .
tr	I	The linoleum was clean and all the walls were freshly painted .
tr	I	Mrs. White recruited bullies from our school who tailed us to the library , but we had the Stargazer .
tr	O	On her own she might , but with Kyle there , she would definitely be dragged through seven separate kinds of hell .
tr	O	The woman tried to say something , but I kept talking .
tr	O	She reached down and he licked her hands as she ruffled his fur .
tr	O	I wished I could look around the room once again , but I couldn 't tear my eyes away from Kiran 's .
tr	I	This gem came from the final season but yes the last few years of the show were dreadful .
tr	I	Becoming a father to her was different , but I knew he loved Maddie .
tr	O	They each poured a fresh cup of coffee , and the discussion continued .
tr	O	It shone in my eyes , and I had to squint against it , turning my face away .
tr	O	He smiled again , and as it lit up his face , even I could acknowledge he was pretty good-looking .
tr	I	I suddenly felt ravenous , but maybe it was the baby talking .
tr	O	He had a stroke at a very young age , but it didn 't kill him .
tr	O	They 're onto me , and I don 't think I can shake them this time .
tr	O	I want to grin , but I fight the urge .
tr	O	I 'm providing the lemonade and some treats .
tr	I	She wanted to see him there , but perhaps it was wanton of her .
tr	I	Anyone bitten by an infectious mosquito would be inoculated with a larva , and it was biological warfare .
tr	O	She may handle it differently , but she knows how you feel .
tr	I	She slipped into bed on the empty side , at my back , and I was lying on my side , stripped down to my boxers .
tr	O	Maynard was leaning back in his chair and three quarters of the pizza was gone .
tr	O	I was grateful for the tiny joke at Bill Pomeroy 's expense , but I forbade myself from dwelling on our looming stage disaster .
tr	I	Tavi spat an oath , and the chimes sounded nine times .
tr	O	They reached a shelf in the back and Roxanne pulled the cloth covering from it .
tr	I	Once they made it onto the highway , the road was clear , but the traffic was stop-and-go all the way through town .
tr	O	I took a deep breath as I hadn 't had a woman around for a long time and this would be just the touch .
tr	O	I drove my elbow into his wrist , and he made a small grunt of pain .
tr	O	Dark alley gave way to the glow of neon through the foggy windows , and Kat knew immediately where they were .
tr	O	I hadn 't meant to doze off and the afternoon crept up on me .
tr	I	Something 's different , and his eyes come back to mine .
tr	O	She 'd never heard of lust at first sight , but then Patrick was a hottie .
tr	I	He was sure they could hear him , but he didn 't know where they were .
tr	O	It 's one of the reasons Andy and I made such a good pair .
tr	I	Jacqueline was mature enough not to dwell on such unpleasantness , but the pain of Reese 's betrayal cut deep .
tr	I	It stings , reminding of the fiscal disparity between our families now , but she says this in jest .
tr	I	I didn 't plan on saying all this beforehand , but I suppose it might have come out eventually .
tr	I	He wouldn 't have to do it at all and perhaps something amazing would happen .
tr	O	Visibility shrank to just a few metres , but the wind wasn 't especially fierce .
tr	O	Her heart was racing , and she was sure her face was flushed .
tr	O	His words were meant to be supportive , but she stepped back , mortified .
tr	I	Ryan winked at her , and Claire frowned .
tr	I	I still got the gist , but I couldn 't process them .
tr	O	He wanted to give a speech , but he wanted to do it slowly .
tr	O	The nursing home she 'd found for him was excellent , but as an only child , she bore the responsibility of paying for it .
tr	O	I didn 't dare to look up from my plate and there was a noticeable tension at the table .
tr	I	I circle each other and Damien steps back as Zeke .
tr	O	A crack sounded behind her , and she turned .
tr	I	She zigzagged , and arrows whizzed past .
tr	O	Sven flipped me over , and he growled at me .
tr	O	We were hundreds of years apart , but our blood is the same .
tr	O	I have no idea how he found out where I was , but he found me .
tr	I	The stubble made a slight grating sound and he scratched at his chin .
tr	I	His hair hung limply down over his face and Sweat stained the back of his jerkin lightly .
tr	I	He says there 's too much left to learn here , but Really should be in the rodeo .
tr	O	There are 13 gorges in all , but we can only get through about five of them before we have to turn back .
tr	I	He didn 't , but at any moment , he could have broken the kiss off .
tr	O	A yell sounded from inside , and I raised my eyebrows .
tr	O	It wasn 't just the sex or you leaving that stung the most .
tr	O	She adjusted her shirt , and Eli hungrily latched on .
tr	I	That was something different , but I knew he loved me .
tr	O	I glance down at the girl and the tingling begins in the tips of my fingers , as if I 'm bringing it on myself .
tr	O	Before I could make it five steps , I was spun around and Asher 's mouth was on mine .
tr	I	He remained silent , and the truth hurt .
tr	I	I faltered , and said Henry .
tr	I	You 're not my visitor , and I 'm not a guy .
tr	O	My legs ached and I was hungry .
tr	O	The archers let their arrows fly and they landed on their marks .
tr	I	Her own face centered in the deep black of his pupils , and his face was so close she could see the sun dusky on his lashes .
tr	O	Trent yelled , and a bunch of Omegas swarmed through the crowd .
tr	I	The feelings were the same , but sure , Phaedra was lusting after her stepson , not her professor .
tr	O	She dreaded Durante 's reaction , but at least she 'd finally breathe easy that it was out .
tr	O	They all wore robes that covered their heads , but Anakin could feel their panic rise with every passing moment .
tr	O	Her words seemed too good to be true and he didn 't need to be asked twice .
tr	I	I moved around the bar to sit with Mulberry , and the detective 's drinking partner left .
tr	I	Now she feared it was far more , but she 'd had it ever since she 'd been in the Carpathian Mountains .
tr	I	She would feel obligated to tell my father , but my mother would be more understanding .
tr	O	My vision was blurred and I felt hot , wet warmth seeping down my neck .
tr	O	He hit a button and it filled halfway with water .
tr	I	More about the extra income they received from having him around , and he had been fostered by a family that cared very little about his well-being .
tr	I	I stumbled to the pavement and suddenly my knees turned to jelly .
tr	I	I also don 't trust the person on the other line , but I want to respond that I already know .
tr	I	She realized his scalp was also burned and he flinched at her touch .
tr	I	Ali was convinced she 'd cheated , but Spencer kept insisting she was winning .
tr	I	It took a long time for me to get her down , and the baby fussed .
tr	I	He turned his head to follow Brian 's gaze , but the other deputy stood with his back to the hallway .
tr	I	I doubted that a lie , even one spoken with the best of intentions , could be a good thing , but I understood the reasoning .
tr	I	All humor had disappeared from his face , but my first reaction was that this was some sort of joke of his .
tr	I	You 'd never catch them , but I 'm sure it 's done by other partners .
tr	I	That shouldn 't be a problem , but the guards would still change over at seven .
tr	I	I don 't want to frighten her and the city of Chicago has an extremely high murder rate .
tr	O	I tried to fit in after that but I couldn 't stand the looks of pity .
tr	O	This stand of kelp knew slavery from the human memories that her DNA held , and it knew itself to be enslaved by Current Control .
tr	O	I turned over in the bed to get more comfortable , and within a few minutes I could feel myself falling off to sleep .
tr	O	They 'd already stopped by Ethan 's home , but the door man there had sworn that Ethan wasn 't in the building .
tr	O	Goliath turned around and Joey stepped forward to deliver a high kick right to his chin .
tr	O	I had always felt that I was in control of my destiny , but I realized then that I really had no control over my future .
tr	I	I owe everything in my life to her , and she cared for me after my mother died .
tr	I	We made it worth his while , and we needed him for his experience .
tr	I	I notice that the word in the book is capitalized , but the translation put no significance on the word when it spit it back out .
tr	I	The bird , Zoltan , had put his head under his wing and the fire was down to a spark .
tr	I	She gasped for air and hands clamped down over her windpipe .
tr	O	Our weapons are missing , but our packs are untouched .
tr	O	All of the crew were , and the privates were not slow on the uptake either .
tr	O	Her dark hair was pulled up into a bun on top of her head and it looked beautiful .
tr	O	Gan saw his father tense momentarily , but his answer was restrained .
tr	I	They went up with a loud whoosh and he tossed the match at the feet of the stunned zombies .
tr	O	They 're yellow , with tiny handles , and mine has a chip along the rim .
tr	O	Gavin was becoming impatient , but Lynx placed a steadying hand on his shoulder .
tr	I	His hand was cold but his grip was tight .
tr	I	He wouldn 't say why , and he was nervous , edgy .
tr	O	Nerves rattled through her and Erica knew she 'd never make it through her whole day now without know ing what was going on .
tr	O	A new set of fresh legs had yet to come , and the race was only halfway through .
tr	I	Duke , who is leaning against a tree , catches it , and a drink floats through the air .
tr	I	My first Little League coach made sure I knew that baseball wasn 't about being perfect , but some guys beat themselves up for that .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but for a moment , I considered giving him to this stranger , this vampire .
tr	I	The combined room was now the study hall , and the wall separating the two rooms had been knocked down .
tr	O	Autumn looked at Jude like he was touched in the head but she turned her attention to the lovable furry face .
tr	O	He paused and Sam knew what was coming , the same thing his squad boss had been telling them since last summer .
tr	I	It was too scary to have people know , but her friend would probably be ecstatic for her .
tr	O	We stepped inside , adjusting our eyes to the revolving colored disco lights , and there they were .
tr	I	Her body started to shake with silent laugher and she knew exactly to what he was referring .
tr	O	He tried not to watch Gwen overtly but it was hard to take his eyes off her .
tr	O	They had now killed two cats and Joshua had no intentions of stopping .
tr	O	It was easy reading with pictures describing the equipment , and she was finished by the time Kevin was dressed .
tr	I	I started up the engine and David asked as he closed my car door .
tr	O	He sighs and I know he 's going to drop it .
tr	I	Then I headed across the cafeteria to take my usual seat next to Hugo , and I let them fill my tray .
tr	O	She walked fast , but he had no trouble keeping up .
tr	O	I gave her a list and she nodded before quickly disappearing .
tr	O	It was about ten feet in diameter and it was at least two feet thick .
tr	I	It barely even slowed the creature 's forward progress , but it was probably a fatal wound .
tr	O	The shadows followed it , and Anne leaned further still over the railing , head down , feet beginning to slip off the floor .
tr	I	I would do it again , and I killed to protect my family .
tr	O	I couldn 't see very well , but I was sure I would see him enter the hayloft .
tr	O	He offered it to me , but I couldn 't touch it .
tr	I	I couldn 't do it , but I thought about calling Jaden .
tr	I	He snatched up his rifle and Golden 's head shot up .
tr	O	He didn 't begrudge these people their lives , but he wished he was still one of them .
tr	O	The finest celebrities would be there , but the rest of the band wasn 't invited .
tr	I	The descriptions there were somewhat limited , and all she knew of heaven was in the pages of her Bible .
tr	I	He 'd be left with nothing and some moderately competent attorney would swoop in with a suitable representative .
tr	O	Liz 's mouth hung open and she pulled Brady 's shirt down farther to try for some decency .
tr	O	Dreamer couldn 't help eying her man 's muscles appreciatively , and Marlon grinned as he noticed the look on her face .
tr	I	She was definitely a woman worthy of such devotion and love wasn 't a large jump , from there .
tr	O	The men glanced up as I went past , but most had grown used to me .
tr	O	His Adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed , and he pinned me down with his penetrating stare .
tr	I	It flowed down into the ground once more and she then slowly drifted back into the mist .
tr	O	I would have never thought there was too high a price to pay for retrieving my mother from that hellhole , and now I 'm not sure .
tr	I	She suddenly turned to him in all seriousness , and he 'd continued holding Kayla in his arms .
tr	O	The dim light returned when they came around a corner but it wasn 't from the old man 's candle .
tr	I	I heard footsteps walking away and she set the phone down .
tr	I	They were stopped by the return of Sharon Heller 's hands on Julie 's arms , but morals guided her body to Ethan 's .
tr	I	You can achieve great things and it doesn 't cost anything .
tr	I	He shook his head with a smile , and Gus 's face softened .
tr	I	It was hard to maneuver and her dress was so full .
tr	I	He bowed his head once more , and a bitter , empty smile ghosted over his features .
tr	O	She was fast , but he was faster .
tr	I	She 'd already experienced a singular goal , but not that Emma really foresaw a time all her family would live in the valley .
tr	O	The boys wanted to try their hand at gambling and the girls wanted to see the changes to the Strip since their last visit .
tr	O	I rolled my eyes to him , but he couldn 't see because I had my back to him .
tr	I	An unread message sat in my inbox , but the staff knew better than to send actual work to this terminal .
tr	O	It was a word that sort of stuck out and I don 't know why I said it .
tr	O	His words carried an almost physical impact , and all at once she felt her hands begin to shake .
tr	O	I hear his own gasp and he stiffens .
tr	I	Honestly , he 'd seemed like half a person after that , and I 'd only ever seen one person who had come back .
tr	I	Flirtatious smiles from the queen , and the show of debauchery received boisterous laughter from the families .
tr	O	My head continues to throb like a bad bass line , but if Noah wants to have it out , we will .
tr	O	The bullet I fired went straight into my father 's chest and he fell , hard , on his back .
tr	I	I felt myself losing balance and he raised his foot higher .
tr	I	Then his eyes met Hywel 's , but Gwen thought he was going to dig in his heels when his shoulders tensed .
tr	I	He wasted no time in plundering my mouth with his and Jackson supported me with his hands splayed against my back .
tr	I	My belly warms and my face heats up .
tr	O	I felt my eyes rolling at the redundancy and stupidity this interview promised to be full of .
tr	I	He was naked from the waist up , and his face was a red-brown mask from the dust the horses had kicked up .
tr	O	To be certain there was tea , of indifferent quality , but Alexia 's attention was drawn to the food on offer .
tr	I	You can deal with it and you know what it is .
tr	I	I was willing to try my best but it was a long shot .
tr	I	He had no idea where she might be and she had run off to Ireland .
tr	I	I spit out the last words , and he opened his mouth to argue .
tr	I	He never made it , but the vamp spun away , rushing for the closest SUV .
tr	O	Francesca could see part of a bed through the open doorway , but she didn 't have the impression the apartment was currently occupied .
tr	O	He was listening , though , and wondering whether Tommy was going to follow up the red car Mrs. Hunter was driving when she left Knowles 's .
tr	O	It was still a little early for class , but I didn 't care .
tr	O	The girl listed several choices , and Jackie picked one , not really caring what it was .
tr	I	One of their cell phones rang , but they probably could have talked all day long .
tr	I	I stand by my decision , but I may take heat for it .
tr	O	I could always go to denial tomorrow , but for now , Rhys Striker was the only thing in the world I wanted .
tr	O	We were moments away from a bloodbath but someone on the other end of the radio allowed us to live .
tr	I	I wondered if any of the passers-by could see him , and he returned to my side .
tr	O	Something about her seeing my blood seemed like an intimate experience , and it frightened me .
tr	O	He brought over a stool for her to sit on and she accepted it grudgingly .
tr	I	I swore that he stared straight into my eyes for a brief moment and he looked over in the direction that I was sitting .
tr	O	I led the way as Trey , Polly , Meikle , and the rest of room eight followed behind .
tr	I	The glow from his eyes made it clear he had just smoked a bomber and he glanced up at me .
tr	O	She could not make out what was said , but she could make out direction .
tr	I	I knew it and he was lonely .
tr	I	He was drinking a beer , and she was drinking a juice box of lemonade .
tr	O	He still wanted her even after she 'd betrayed him , and the knowledge burned like sea water in a fresh gash .
tr	O	Louisa wasn 't a small woman and she was holding me too tight .
tr	I	I shivered when his fingers brushed my neck , and he touched one with his finger .
tr	O	She wanted to have another child , but if Franz kept on behaving the way he did , the chances of that happening would be minimal .
tr	O	There was little left to the right leg brace and the fragments on the sidewalk gave him little hope .
tr	I	All she could think about was Rover lost in the storm , but at any other time his words would have struck her as tremendously revealing .
tr	O	She placed her free hand on top of the jewelry counter to hold herself up but the enormity of her distress was too heavy .
tr	O	Those weren 't easy memories to confront but they were what reality had waiting for her .
tr	O	Abby remained doubtful , but she followed her husband through the kitchen anyway .
tr	O	It seemed silly to think about , but it kept her mind from asking the million questions she had about Johnnie .
tr	O	Kelly tried to turn his head , but Nick nudged his cheek with his nose , refusing to let him move just yet .
tr	I	He 'd even cleaned up the kitchen after he ate , and I 'd broiled a steak for Lok before going to get dressed .
tr	O	It wanted to go straight up into the sky , but Magnus held on .
tr	O	Ada 's fingers squeezed , locking the breath in her throat , and Claire wildly hammered her palm down on the next key to the right .
tr	I	She was thirty-three years old , and her name was Christine .
tr	O	He sensed her presence , felt her beautiful blue eyes on him , and he knew she still stood by the gate , witnessing this kiss .
tr	O	She didn 't expect her to get it on the first try , but apparently the other girl did .
tr	O	Caesar stopped moving and his face went blank .
tr	O	The three of them were fused tightly together through MaryAnn , but he was certain she had no knowledge of what she did .
tr	O	The Grants may own a large chunk of the media , but even they cannot block negative press , it seems .
tr	I	His voice got loud enough that they could make out his words , and his arms went from restraining to comforting .
tr	I	I refrained this time , but I wanted to stick my tongue out at him again .
tr	I	She nodded , and I managed .
tr	O	Hailey refused payment , and they hugged again .
tr	I	It seemed to make their famous friend feel better , but Dak didn 't know if that was the most honest answer ever .
tr	O	This morning , I went to his house and nobody 's there anymore .
tr	O	Serena gasped and before he knew her intention she slapped him across the jaw .
tr	O	I turn away and my mother hurries to her car without a word .
tr	I	The dance was beginning , and six circles had formed .
tr	I	It was enough , but the road was wet with a thin sheen of water gathered from the clinging mist .
tr	I	His own could not be stopped , but he tried to hold back to give her more pleasure .
tr	I	He was failing , but Ted was trying to put the puzzle pieces together .
tr	I	I feel the tightening of my muscles as Rusty pushes two fingers inside me and the blood is rushing to my head , making it swim lightly .
tr	O	Max is ticked , and I feel guilty .
tr	I	Before I can try to assimilate what he 's doing , he 's inside their system , but he keys with unbelievable speed .
tr	I	It was hungry , and his smile returned .
tr	O	She wanted to ask him what he was thinking , but then she thought she might not want to know .
tr	O	We weren 't late , but Ms. Terwilliger was waiting on her porch for us .
tr	O	Meg instinctively knew that they were in danger , and she grabbed the hilt of the dagger hard .
tr	O	An arm looped within mine , and I looked up into Lisa 's amused gaze .
tr	O	The fire on the dock was dying out as men beat at it , but the burning ships were lighting up the night .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell him that but I didn 't think this was a good idea .
tr	I	When it didn 't explode , he hesitantly picked it up and Rick cautiously touched one of the items on the bottom square .
tr	O	It had died protecting its master , and I felt sick at the thought .
tr	O	I got an hour at breakfast , and they both cited shit excuses to avoid me the rest of the weekend .
tr	I	Even Grays must gossip , and you have ears .
tr	I	The next he was wide awake in his small bedroom , and one moment Jake was in a deep sleep .
tr	I	They stopped and they slowed .
tr	O	For a moment I didn 't know what to say next , but then I pulled myself together .
tr	I	He 'd live with it , and I 'd made my decision .
tr	I	You cannot see beyond the threat to me , but this should be our decision together .
tr	I	They couldn 't say , and I asked them why .
tr	I	He didn 't show any signs of slowing down , but his shirt was torn along the midsection , exposing a row of taut abs .
tr	O	We noisily hurried through the streets but we stopped almost ten minutes later .
tr	O	I promised you I wouldn 't , and I won 't .
tr	O	I think he was trying to grab my waist , but his hand landed on my hip .
tr	I	He still hadn 't mentioned anything about the hotel , but I now knew that he wasn 't quite human .
tr	O	Merrill was powerful before as a King Vampire , but after receiving Griffin 's blood , he 'd become legend .
tr	O	He tried to smile , but he couldn 't quite make himself do it .
tr	O	The air chilled , and Celaena rubbed her arms .
tr	O	One look at his face , and she went cold all over .
tr	I	He could leave and once they dismissed him , he 'd be handed a piece of white paper .
tr	I	He spoke slowly but he was livid .
tr	I	We walked to the pool , and Evan took my hand again .
tr	O	He pulled back and the veins disappeared .
tr	O	What happened today was exhilarating , and I want many more days like that .
tr	I	I would be damned if Woods knew about it but the heat had gotten to me .
tr	O	She threaded her fingers through his hair and their eyes collided as she tipped his head back .
tr	O	They hadn 't seen each other in so long and the reason she 'd left had been because of his hatred for vampires .
tr	I	I 'm definitely glad of it but I don 't even know where I 'm pulling the energy from it .
tr	I	The waves gently lap against the tan sanded shore and I stare for a moment as the glittering water sparkles .
tr	O	I excelled at every assignment given to me , but I never let success make me lazy .
tr	I	Cheyenne couldn 't bring herself to care , but they were nearly shouting .
tr	O	The light in his office is still on , but it appears that Jack has somehow escaped the building .
tr	I	I made sure to use that skill , and I had long since learned how to cry on cue .
tr	I	She 'd had more than they could ever have imagined and her parents had wanted her to have valuable life experiences .
tr	O	The President 's top people aged , and some had died .
tr	O	Her voice sounds very upset , and I try to calm her down .
tr	I	I felt it would work so much better , but I didn 't really need to for what I planned on doing .
tr	I	Dorian gave me an expectant look , and the poor man yelped at the close call .
tr	O	There 's a light up ahead and we head towards it .
tr	O	Most of South Dakota was prairie land , but the Black Hills were something else entirely .
tr	I	It looks like it 's going to happen sooner rather than later but I had planned on talking to her about everything tonight .
tr	I	I wouldn 't spend an hour staring at them , but I 've seen a few good looking people today .
tr	I	She seemed to take pride in the possession , but not that the name meant anything to him .
tr	I	Then vanished again and he hovered above the courtyard of the castle , allowing his passengers to dismount .
tr	I	Nick didn 't like taking any chances , but she hadn 't seemed the hysterical type .
tr	I	The rest decided to trade the loyalties determining their own fate and Lilith had taken out the majority .
tr	I	I had a feeling that Dad was going to be on her list for a while and mom 's mouth tightened .
tr	O	As if on cue , the Bluetooth buzzed in my ear and I pressed the button next to my temple to answer .
tr	I	His nostrils flared and his nose widened .
tr	I	He was going to make love to her , and she was with Adrien , in his South African home .
tr	O	We 're going to shut down whatever he 's got in mind , and we 're going to get Shiro back .
tr	I	She had the feeling that he didn 't believe her for a second , but he smiled softly .
tr	O	She had this all in her head , and I was getting a lot of it .
tr	O	I was going to cry , and I couldn 't let him see .
tr	I	I took the opposite breast in my mouth , and my kiss traveled the valley of her chest .
tr	O	I could feel the way he wanted me , and a trickle of anxiety started at my spine .
tr	I	Then her heart fell , and Alex 's eyes dropped .
tr	I	Here he was adding to it , and Painter had said he didn 't want drama .
tr	O	His face blanched and his eyes bulged .
tr	I	Things had wound down and everyone was already paired off .
tr	I	She 'd been drawn to it from the moment she arrived here , but she shared a connection with that room , unsure why , exactly .
tr	O	I meet her gaze , and her eyes are fiery .
tr	O	She was here , in his house when he came home from work , and he didn 't even miss the normal quiet .
tr	I	He held out my chair without comment , but his lips twitched .
tr	I	Suddenly Magnus 's hand was on her shoulder , a grip like iron holding her back , but she didn 't even remember starting to run .
tr	I	He could read it on my face , but The question that I didn 't want to answer .
tr	I	That made them less valuable , and normal men feared the mists .
tr	I	There was a chance that something might happen between them , and he was here , in the same room as herself .
tr	I	No one was going to settle until they got justice , and Kelly had started a rollercoaster ride .
tr	O	She doesn 't blink and she doesn 't have a smirk on her face .
tr	I	Seeing this he became wracked with indecision and she mouthed ' no ' at him .
tr	O	Part of that had been my mother 's deserving rank , but part had been her own silly pride .
tr	O	Her forehead had creased in worried lines and her plump red lips were pressed together in a frown .
tr	O	Get your cameras ready , and I 'll take us in a little closer .
tr	I	I quietly sucked in some breath and he stopped just a few feet away from me .
tr	O	Hope almost reminded him that they were only a temporary couple , but her heart wouldn 't let her say it .
tr	I	I let out a low moan , and my hips rotated of their own accord .
tr	I	Maybe that was better than what we would face out here , but yes , we were technically their slaves .
tr	O	We sail through the night for a long while , and the tears eventually dwindle .
tr	O	The noob 's arms reached toward Shane , and he took another lurching step forward .
tr	I	Another part longed for him to be there , but part of her felt relieved at the thought .
tr	I	The lower half was bright sunshine yellow with red peace symbols and someone had painted the top of it dark blue with glow-in-the-dark stars .
tr	I	It was ancient history already , and that was as far as they knew about .
tr	I	Her gaze lowered to his mouth and her pupils dilated .
tr	O	Jane cracked her window to let in some fresh air , but the road noise was too much .
tr	O	She grabbed her nose quickly and her face blushed with humiliation .
tr	O	We had one good day together , and the rest of it was awful .
tr	I	She refused to be too hard on herself , but developing a crush on the first guy to come along after Manuel was a terrible mistake .
tr	I	She curled her fingers in , desperately trying to hide the ring , and he took her right wrist .
tr	O	He pressed himself into me once more and I felt something hard against my abdomen .
tr	O	When the crew saw her enter the mess hall , either they ignored her , or they scowled at her .
tr	O	Two of them looked uncertain but one was apoplectic with rage .
tr	O	Hades eyed him for a long moment , and it wasn 't difficult to see what was going on underneath his mask of neutrality .
tr	I	Nothing had changed across the street , but her gaze darted to the window .
tr	O	The Captain held out his hand , and I took it .
tr	O	The darkness hid her distressed face , and the rain mixed with her tears .
tr	O	Each session lasted two hours , and she took a large sum of money .
tr	O	He was the tallest man in the line-up but there was nothing remotely weedy about his body .
tr	I	I wished I had even more time to explore , and Philadelphia was a city I 'd never been to .
tr	O	He had to be in such pain , yet he had attended to her first .
tr	O	I 'm riding with Gage , but I have Logan on speaker .
tr	O	I can 't hear his exact response , but I can tell he 's not happy .
tr	I	Together they left the room , and Chandler offered her his hand .
tr	I	She pushed away from him and Skyler 's hold lessened at her hesitation .
tr	I	The result was that Reed often had more liability where she was concerned , and Alec cut a deal to be with her .
tr	I	Its charcoal grey suit looked to be made of interlocking plates of some hard material and it was perhaps half the average size of a human .
tr	O	He handed it to me and I gave it to Han .
tr	O	Andrew tried to reassure me , but it wasn 't much help .
tr	I	I swat his hand away , but Noah reaches out for me .
tr	O	She winked at me and I laughed .
tr	I	A fresh wave of tears came then , my chest heaving , but I 'd hoped I would be able to regain my composure .
tr	O	I could hear the pain laced in his words and I didn 't have to ask what he meant .
tr	O	She tasted like ambrosia , and he couldn 't get enough .
tr	O	Funny , already when she poked at the bruise , a scab began to form and it didn 't hurt as bad .
tr	I	I could hear whispers as I approached , and the people in line stared at me .
tr	O	From any other man the endearment would sound antiquated , but coming from Nate 's lips , it made her feel bathed in sunlight .
tr	O	My hands fisted in my hair , and a scream locked in my throat .
tr	O	The $ 80 exam would cost Clay $ 300 a pop , but it was simply the price of doing business .
tr	O	The moon was only half-full , and the forest was a maze of shadows .
tr	I	She smiled , ruffling his fur , and he wagged his tail in response .
tr	I	He 'd been wrong and he had thought Leah had been broken before .
tr	O	Linde barely registered her , but Jack eyes acknowledged her .
tr	I	He hasn 't , and I think he expected Jeremy to crumble after one night in a jail cell .
tr	O	They had lost something , but they had gained something , too .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure she was ready for sexy in public , but she 'd come a long way in the last few months .
tr	I	The book ensured our safety , but in truth , we had nothing .
tr	O	She could be innocent because of how different she smelled from the rest of her pack , or she could even be a virgin .
tr	O	Jake hurried for the building 's exit , but his expression was tight .
tr	I	That made me realize what I was doing , and my emotions had become paralyzed .
tr	O	I tell Andy we 're already at the restaurant , and we 've just been walking around .
tr	O	She thought so , but there was no time to look .
tr	O	She smiled back and I got goose bumps .
tr	O	I was more than midway through my senior year and enjoying every aspect of it .
tr	O	Jake wanted to stand up , to pace , to explain , but he pulled her closer instead .
tr	I	It doesn 't matter but his shots are successful .
tr	O	Micah wanted to attribute the story to her daughter 's wicked imagination , but she couldn 't get past the sensation of fingers on her face .
tr	I	We hadn 't talked about a specific time , but Dad had said he 'd meet me here .
tr	O	I tried to keep my face impassive , but I wasn 't sure if I did very well .
tr	I	We 'll only stay here for a few days and we are on a trip to Scotland right now .
tr	O	A door opened and firelight stabbed at my eyes .
tr	O	She couldn 't be sure , but she thought he was smiling .
tr	O	The door was barely ajar , and a strange brightness flickered inside .
tr	I	They could quietly take the money , or they could get angry , ask questions , make demands , want justice .
tr	I	Selena couldn 't make her legs function as he approached , and the grass seemed to part to make way for him .
tr	O	It was Francesca 's turn to see if she could catch a glimpse of Butch , but they seemed to be alone .
tr	I	He snaps his jaw shut when a woman walks out the door , but the look in his eyes makes me wonder if it 's important .
tr	O	Then her heart lurched into rhythm again , and she drew a deep , painful breath .
tr	I	On her word the men charged , and the pretty landlady was roped in to judge .
tr	O	I don 't know how to describe it , but it makes my body suddenly turn cold with dread .
tr	O	I 've been in the presence of Gods many times in my life , but I 've never encountered a presence like that of UL .
tr	O	Tommy reached for my arm and I pulled it back , that same uncertain look in my eyes .
tr	O	Ahmed screamed at last ; his heart thumping hard against his chest , and his throat barely dry enough to give vent to the words .
tr	I	Lucas had made me promise to get a good night 's rest , but I felt like traveling to the year 1993 right away .
tr	O	He raced across the room and flung himself into a high glass window .
tr	I	Donovan walked back to his truck to move it farther down the street , and she hurried off with a wave .
tr	I	She stands up , and she hears gunshots .
tr	I	It wasn 't thanks to a flush from thinking salacious thoughts , but Josie 's face was red again .
tr	O	I agreed , and Katherine headed toward the door .
tr	O	I don 't know how I recognized them , but my gaze focused on them as they moved to the front of the group .
tr	I	It worried her and Anna was having trouble sleeping .
tr	O	I 'm likely dead anyway , but I don 't want to die like this .
tr	O	Hunter was trying to deal with being in a wheelchair and I was a sobbing mess .
tr	O	My mission was clear and I wouldn 't let myself be distracted .
tr	I	Kurt was livid , and I wandered into one by accident once .
tr	O	Star Cove was about to be obliterated , and him with it .
tr	I	He was presumed to have drowned , and his body was found in the motel swimming pool after dark , clad only in bathing shorts .
tr	O	His heart turned over in his chest , and he knew before the night was out that he had to make her his .
tr	O	Her parents were downstairs , and he had a feeling the longer he stayed in this form , the stronger her trace would be .
tr	I	I made my way towards the door of the armory , as I walked up a long boardwalk , but I was very nervous .
tr	O	It wasn 't a dog of his own , but it was as close as he was going to get for the next few months .
tr	I	You have never been convicted of anything and I know you have hundreds of different identities .
tr	I	She thought the neighbors might be having one of their cozy little spats , and something banged against her apartment wall .
tr	O	I cannot let you go , and yet I do not want you to be unhappy .
tr	I	She realised Ray was here and as soon as she stepped into the front door , the tang of cigar smoke filled her nose .
tr	I	It was lavishly decorated , but Mansion Penrod was not a keep .
tr	O	The room was becoming dimmer and my head spun .
tr	I	I prayed that the others couldn 't see how nervous I was , and my legs started to shake as soon as I stood up .
tr	I	We have a problem , but we are tracking it .
tr	I	The windows all drawn and the garage was shut .
tr	I	Most do not fear death , but our men are not suicidal .
tr	I	Of course , that was impossible , but she would have liked to spend some beach time with him .
tr	I	It seems like he 's screaming , yet his voice is ever smaller now , barely there .
tr	O	You are tied to my side , and I endanger you .
tr	O	I can put it on for you , and it would get you to where you 're going .
tr	O	Field dropped to the floor unconscious , and I stood over them in shock .
tr	I	Mentioning my dad had done the trick , but Lucas didn 't like leaving me behind .
tr	O	He couldn 't put it into words himself , and that was certainly true for her as well .
tr	I	His father had introduced him to the concept of the strong serving the weak , but he hadn 't learned much about religion .
tr	I	It was three against the world , and Stuart was their leader .
tr	I	I punched the metal gate at the end , but I 'd managed to keep my voice calm .
tr	I	At the same time be pulled towards another and it was an odd thing to sorely miss one person .
tr	I	There was a hint of regret in his eyes , but he wasn 't being mean about it .
tr	O	She pulled me closer , and I stumbled forward , letting her put me where she wanted me .
tr	O	She took a step closer to the hedge , close enough so the others couldn 't hear her but the words would hit him where it hurt .
tr	O	He tried to find the words , but he didn 't know how to begin .
tr	O	Catching him off guard , the front door opened and Faith stepped onto the porch , standing in the afternoon drizzle .
tr	I	The lights of remote villages high in the forested mountains , and the stars below are campfires , out in the desert .
tr	I	He had a craggy face with a jutting chin , and his temples were touched with gray .
tr	I	There was no doubt that he would allow no further challenges but his tone was quiet .
tr	O	The Orange Split reached its apex in the sky , but the Leopard made no move to leap to safety .
tr	I	It was much more difficult than the first time , but we beat them back again .
tr	I	There were a few I didn 't know but I was already familiar with some of them .
tr	I	Soon the floor reappeared below them , and Henrietta wrote floor in the air .
tr	I	I smiled anyway , but it was an obvious statement .
tr	I	Flung it at him and she seized a plate off the table .
tr	I	We had come through but there had been a rough patch .
tr	O	An extensive search was mounted for him , but no trace was found .
tr	I	It could be fatal in this one , but Temper is destructive in any healing room .
tr	O	The weather was warm and she wanted to play with the new plastic ball Tommy had bought for her .
tr	O	I can be a little shy , and you seemed so confident .
tr	I	This time she also scanned her handprint , and she punched a code into another keypad .
tr	I	The smile would be bright and you knew she smiled often .
tr	I	With a second thought she pulled it back , but Aisling 's hand hovered above the mushroom .
tr	I	Claire couldn 't help her , but Eve 's crying was uncontrollable now .
tr	O	Being on his bike was the fun part , but the danger , the risk , wasn 't fun .
tr	I	I can feel like an Emotional and I can reason like a Rational .
tr	I	She was dragged to the stage , and her arm was grabbed .
tr	O	Apart from the morning sickness she felt tired all the time and tears gushed into her eyes at any little mishap .
tr	O	Thousands of meanings can be concealed in that gesture , but I 'm a novice .
tr	O	He pulled me back and I fell to the ground .
tr	O	Hanna grabbed Aria 's hand , and Aria grabbed Emily 's .
tr	O	His lungs fill with air and it makes his body swell .
tr	O	There was no doubt the girl was up to no good , and rather than be annoyed by it , Anthony felt rather humbled .
tr	O	It took me longer than usual , but I managed to lose everyone else .
tr	I	It was time to work through it , and this was the same fear that had immobilized me for the better part of four years .
tr	I	He could tell she was enjoying herself , and then he started to move slowly .
tr	O	It was oddly humorous , but they squelched their laughter .
tr	O	Roger snapped his fingers , and Freddy padded over .
tr	I	He wanted Durrant to say it , be reminded , but Jac remembered the age from Durrant 's file .
tr	O	Alexis answered the door and there stood Matthew .
tr	O	I dropped into one of the upholstered chintz armchairs , but the others stayed standing .
tr	I	One of them had to be Quin 's office and there were only a couple of doors down here .
tr	O	The figure I saw there was robed in white , and the sense of that presence was overwhelming .
tr	O	She never exaggerated and she only shared what was necessary .
tr	I	Something had changed all of a sudden , but he didn 't know if she thought he was lying .
tr	O	It came out with more of an edge to it that she had wanted , but it was the best she could do .
tr	I	It wasn 't me talking anymore but normally these things would faze me .
tr	O	He reached for her hand , and she held his between hers .
tr	I	I suppressed a groan and Kimber 's aura brightened at the sight of my brother .
tr	I	Jase had a feeling Sherman wasn 't coming for the food and Sherman , his designer , was coming to his place for dinner that night .
tr	I	I knew in my heart she would be fine , but it was hard for me to part with Haley .
tr	I	It was as of yet undecided which direction he would venture and perhaps he was betwixt the two worlds .
tr	O	His body might return to Boston , but his heart would forever remain behind in England .
tr	I	Kylie felt the emotion resonate within herself and sadness filled Della 's eyes .
tr	O	Sparks shot from my fingers , and the fog rolled back , churning in on itself .
tr	O	For a moment she 'd actually let herself believe she and Jude might be able to have more than just a fling .
tr	O	They were nice boys , twins , and they liked him .
tr	O	Yeah , I don 't trust her , but that doesn 't matter .
tr	I	I couldn 't breathe and Smoke stung my eyes .
tr	O	When I looked up at Carter , I expected one of his laconic smiles , but his face was all seriousness .
tr	I	He had no words to voice it , but the desire burned painfully in his chest .
tr	I	It was possible their guest was mistaken , and Tomasz reminded everyone that they had easily passed through previous Russian checkpoints .
tr	I	She spoke confidently about that future home we both wanted so much , but she wouldn 't elaborate on what deal she was attempting with Stanton .
tr	I	As Ronan had said , it left her feeling unsatisfied but it had eased the hunger .
tr	I	You did , and I was afraid you 'd send me away .
tr	O	He said he 'd heard about her arrest and he seemed surprised at my decision to leave the money with the family .
tr	O	King Baldur 's face paled and his hand dropped .
tr	I	His heart clenched , and the disbelief in her voice was palpable .
tr	I	The papers scattered all over the floor and just then I dropped the folder .
tr	O	Barnes called for a two-hour rest period , and Harry went to his quarters to sleep .
tr	I	Now I wasn 't so sure that was such a good idea , but at the time , I had agreed with what he had said .
tr	O	The door swung silently at her touch and she watched the unfamiliar fingers as they pressed against the crumbling wood , a smile crossing her face .
tr	I	I will , but I don 't know how .
tr	I	The bathroom drawers held the same toiletries found in most bathrooms , but it was unusually large , almost as big as his bedroom .
tr	O	Everyone faced forward , their eyes looking at the lawyer , but I don 't think very many of us were actually listening .
tr	O	Nick 's chest heaved against hers and he buried his face in her hair at her shoulder .
tr	O	He winked when he caught my gaze , and I wanted to do what that teacher had done this morning .
tr	I	Panic filled her chest , crowding her lungs , and her pulse raced .
tr	I	They took off running and he said , smacking Michael .
tr	O	I must finish this floor or Father Anthony will be furious .
tr	O	I can tell she 's being honest , but I still don 't have any answers .
tr	O	She wanted me to get better , and I wanted to get better for her .
tr	I	They weren 't hard trained but police , security , athletes , some that were just in the right age bracket -- they had raw talent .
tr	O	* I can run faster , and I can smell him , even if he is hiding .
tr	O	A soft moan escaped Tessa 's lips and their embrace became even more passionate .
tr	O	She was gone and I was on my way out .
tr	I	He sat up and his eyes snapped open .
tr	O	I stride forward , steadily , surely , and the sun eases down as I go .
tr	O	The rag in his mouth was soaking with his saliva and there were streaks of dribble down his chin .
tr	O	She wished to soothe him , but she was growing just as frustrated by the couple as he was .
tr	O	There was barely time to resume my own form , but just at the last instant , I veered off .
tr	O	We 're neighbors , and I feed you every single day .
tr	O	Her gaze locked on him , and she couldn 't have looked away for anything .
tr	O	I couldn 't make out a face , but he lifted a gun to my head .
tr	O	Morgan relaxed a little at this reminder but an underlying tension remained .
tr	O	The man lowered his hood , and they realized it was not a man at all .
tr	O	I left the eastern United States after that , and I haven 't been back .
tr	I	The fear had felt very real , and the man had almost gotten her .
tr	I	It troubled him to no end and of course Sam didn 't at all like seeing her this way .
tr	I	Her sisters felt remorseful , and Freda looked very defeated .
tr	O	A rising wave of jittery nerves crashed against my stomach and I almost stumbled to a stop .
tr	I	It didn 't bother me at all and I 'd , of course , known she was wrong .
tr	O	Rashid couldn 't do anything about his size but he could reassure her as they went along .
tr	O	We were driving to school , and my mother broke the silence .
tr	I	Most inmates die there at early ages , and these colonies are hard .
tr	O	It broke her heart , but she refused to show her pain .
tr	I	She was pregnant with Dean 's baby , and her family refused to talk to her .
tr	O	She tried to start to her feet , but Cartwright shoved her back down .
tr	O	We are hunters , and that means sometimes we are killers .
tr	I	He was in the middle of agony such as he could only suffer while asleep , but his senses knew that something was amiss .
tr	O	I walked over to him and we entered the theater silently .
tr	O	It was like living in a choc ice was Love 's thought when he first saw it but he 'd long since got used to it .
tr	I	Her skin very pale , and her hair was red .
tr	O	Tony was going to die , and I was going to have to experience the loss again .
tr	O	The court had learned a hard lesson that day , and he wasn 't about to let it happen again .
tr	I	They both stand there together , waiting for me and Alexandra wraps her arms around Adria from the side .
tr	I	It was no use , but I could see Larry trying to disengage herself from her kidnapper .
tr	I	I 'd fallen for it , and it had been a trap !
tr	I	The burning question that had been on my mind for so long rose up within and I kept my hand on his forearm .
tr	I	You can 't really drive off that many birds , but I tried to beat them off with my hands .
tr	I	I 'm suddenly back on my porch with Ketchup , a silly girl with unrealistic dreams , and the last two years are forgotten entirely .
tr	I	It was also kind of freeing , but it made for some awkward moments .
tr	I	Being old news back home totally beats being the scandal of the week here , but I never figured I 'd think of California as a blessing .
tr	O	She continued to talk to him until her voice was hoarse and she couldn 't speak any longer .
tr	I	He nodded , and I wondered .
tr	I	The scenery normally didn 't , but the weather could change rapidly .
tr	O	She may be over you , but you 're not over her .
tr	I	He 'll be drawn toward me as if by magnetic force , and I 'll be laughing .
tr	I	It was creating enormous waves on its both sides and the craft 's shadow resembles that of a speedboat .
tr	O	Her soft body molded to his and she took in a stuttering breath .
tr	I	They 'd still had a pretty stiff dose , but the rain had muddied most of the dust .
tr	O	One eyebrow rose and he coughed politely .
tr	I	He suspected the effect would be much the same , but Ted had never had to shoot an uninfected human .
tr	O	I wish I could give this more time , but I can 't .
tr	O	He 'd known her less than a week , for God 's sake , and he couldn 't see past tomorrow , when she 'd be gone .
tr	I	It requires five victims within one month , and the way this spell works , Veronica needs to renew it every few years .
tr	O	The thought that she would never see him again filled her head and she sobbed softly into her hands .
tr	O	He hoists me up by the waist and I gasp as he settles me into the seat .
tr	I	He was nowhere to be found , but Benji looked for Hunter .
tr	I	I assumed he had decided against joining , and it had been over a week since I met him at the racquetball club .
tr	O	A job meant time away from Patch , but it also meant private transportation .
tr	I	Nothing was happening and I was kissing a dying girl .
tr	O	Nick had on a dark pair of sunglasses so Cassie couldn 't see his eyes , but she could feel that he was looking at her .
tr	O	She felt her dominating demeanor melting away , but she knew that she needed to still be in charge when they got back to his house .
tr	O	* * * Lexi pedaled up Main Street and parked her bike in front of Scot 's office .
tr	O	His lashes were long and he regarded her sleepily .
tr	O	They seemed to get along well when I met them Monday morning and Esme said she loved her job .
tr	O	Our child would be four and we knew that protecting them was our main concern .
tr	I	Her brothers came running in and Melinda started up the stairs when the front door flew open .
tr	I	He wasn 't Jimi Hendrix after all , but the man behind the wheel was black .
tr	O	Everyone gives him their undivided attention : as it should be , but his heart aches .
tr	O	He touched me but I 'd never got the chance to have a go at him .
tr	I	In any case it was too tiring , and her raw throat wouldn 't allow it .
tr	I	Moody tonight , Antonietta admitted and I find I 'm edgy .
tr	O	She looked away quickly , but not before a yearning so strong it hurt slammed into him .
tr	O	They 'd barely spoken to each other - and it was because they had nothing in common except the child she carried .
tr	O	Savannah could feel his erection had softened , and she feared that the moment had passed .
tr	O	It gave him small satisfaction , but it would do for now .
tr	O	I felt that now familiar energy build in my back , but I directed the strength of it downward .
tr	I	I forced myself to pick it up , and my fingers closed around the correct binder .
tr	O	Mine happened to be a split skirt , but even so , it was still much fuller than hers .
tr	O	She was a beautiful woman , but if he was not much mistaken , she had put on some weight since he left .
tr	I	I didn 't smile back , and it was a small one .
tr	O	The sun had felt warm on the way over , but now the breeze was cold against her clammy skin .
tr	I	It may be millennia , or he went on , ' It may be a few years .
tr	O	Miss Morrison wouldn 't speak much to me , and neither would her husband .
tr	I	Her heart gave a funny flip-flop and he grinned .
tr	O	At once Vida 's other foot kicked up to the stomach and she threw herself in after it .
tr	O	It hit me just below the chest , and my legs collapsed from underneath me .
tr	O	His golden hair was long , like that of a woman , and it blended with the enormous gold cape that fluttered behind him .
tr	I	It sounds like something I would like , but I don 't know what stargazing is .
tr	I	The pain spread down to her toes , but she pushed down on her heel trying to find relief .
tr	I	He lacked the creativity necessary to contrive plans such as Bari 's , but See , Arthur often found himself possessed with such suicidal thoughts .
tr	I	I stop when she pushes him down , then gets right back to what she 's doing , but my feet start to carry me forward .
tr	I	I told him some of mine and he told me about his life .
tr	I	I was grateful that all in all there were only about fifteen women present , and I looked around as she spoke .
tr	I	Anna Kay died before she turned fifty , and the whole thing had turned out very badly .
tr	O	She swallowed but it got stuck on the seatbelt .
tr	O	She gave me a hug , and I felt a little better .
tr	O	Maybe I couldn 't have Allie the way I wanted her , but she could sure as hell have me .
tr	I	She plowed right into his back , and when they reached the master bedroom , he stopped without notice .
tr	I	Everyone stopped talking to see what had happened and it was so loud the entire room shook .
tr	I	Nothing dared enter the grid of steel , but wounded sounds came from all around them .
tr	I	Robert strode to the vending machines , and Evie nodded her agreement .
tr	O	Maybe she wasn 't at home , but her sister was , she told herself .
tr	I	He slowly shook his head , and he stood in front of Summer , hands on his hips .
tr	I	Even if he didn 't he would insist on a trial , and Printer would almost certainly deny the death penalty .
tr	O	Randy motioned to his dog , and I looked toward my feet .
tr	O	It straightened and he stomped on the ground around its base .
tr	O	Splinters showered off the open saloon door , but the stranger had already dived back inside .
tr	I	Only the strong survive , and the world is wild .
tr	I	We slept in each other 's arms and Avril stole into my bed .
tr	O	Stunned , he looked for an explanation in her cool eyes , but nothing was offered beyond the same hard stare .
tr	O	She opened her mouth , and he burst into laughter .
tr	I	Estrangement at the same table was brutal ... but it was hard enough to be estranged from your child when thousands of miles separated you .
tr	O	Jackson pressed the button to summon Corinne and she appeared in a matter of seconds .
tr	O	We stepped into a hangar , and heat blasted over my face , chasing away the chill .
tr	I	He 'd never even tried to kiss her , and she 'd gone out with Bruce Twist three times .
tr	I	Even before I turn it around , I see the rips in the canvas , ragged edges leaking threads , but the last painting faces the wall .
tr	I	They were few , but some stood firm .
tr	I	She gave him a tired smile and Melanie 's eyes were open now .
tr	O	Weber looks furious , but there 's nothing he can do .
tr	I	She continued , and I waited .
tr	I	It were the only place I felt like I could sleep , and Rob 's band couldn 't follow me up there .
tr	O	Kara wanted to remind him that they hadn 't had hot , sweaty sex in a long time , but she didn 't .
tr	O	Nothing is known of her current condition , but I have a lock on her location .
tr	O	The old man was like a proud parent and I again questioned his relationship with my brother .
tr	O	They had made it here , but the price had been steep .
tr	O	We all knew things weren 't good for Jaden , but in this moment , I wondered if maybe they were a lot worse than we knew .
tr	O	I have a name , and it is not God .
tr	I	I heard my lifelong friend Paul 's familiar voice , and when she was put through , she passed the telephone to me .
tr	O	He glanced meaningfully at Layla , who had her back to him , but he caught her eye in the mirrored wall beyond .
tr	I	I rode across town to the motel to get the few things I had , then headed back , and Christopher gave me his address .
tr	O	I couldn 't move very fast and I think the sun was literally killing me .
tr	I	Damned if he 'd admit to it , but he might act like a stereotypical male .
tr	I	His four stubby blunted tusks were actually razor sharp on the sides , and charging , he moved with extraordinary speed for such a large animal .
tr	I	Now he was doing well , and Bern got an academic scholarship because he was smarter than all of us combined .
tr	I	Before I could , he threw a solid swing on my left , but I moved to block this .
tr	I	Being late was now a real possibility and she was still lost to her dreams .
tr	I	Then he 'd be right to call me a brat , but I feel like stomping my foot .
tr	I	Dad called the real essence of life and this is the kind of stuff Mom .
tr	I	Ashley relaxed her posture , just a bit and the waitress scuttled off .
tr	O	He had spent so long being careful to avoid defying his father , but what sort of man could he call himself if he blindly obeyed ?
tr	O	The floor was dusty , and the windows were unwashed .
tr	I	The monster was gone , and the glowing eyes disappeared .
tr	O	I , too , was on horseback and I saw my chance .
tr	I	He moved on without saying another word , and his gaze swept over her .
tr	O	She was the one thing he had learned he could always trust and now he was betraying her .
tr	I	Fire was my toy , but I was screwed up in a lot of areas .
tr	O	It was cold and she decided to get under the covers with all her clothes on .
tr	O	She turned her nose up proudly and carried on fuming down the hallway .
tr	I	In the end , she was not surprised , but her relief was enormous .
tr	O	He appreciated the gesture and they enjoyed each other 's company .
tr	O	I 'll admit that it 's sort of pretty , but the bison herds aren 't the least bit interested .
tr	I	Johnny wrestled him to the floor intent on trapping him in an unshakable grip and his foot slipped beneath him .
tr	O	I watched him setting up his guitar without even glancing over , and I startled as a flood of anger flowed through me .
tr	O	We drove in silence , and then it started to rain .
tr	I	I will be dealing with your call today and my name is Tortilla .
tr	O	They went to a movie and Victoria somehow sensed that he had to restrain himself from the same things that Jonathan often did to her .
tr	O	The rain came down harder , and the low clouds darkened the day .
tr	O	He 'd pulled away again , and she didn 't know why .
tr	I	His words were clear with no slurring , but the smell of alcohol was stronger now .
tr	I	He didn 't care , but his vision faded .
tr	O	His perceptiveness alarmed her even more , and despite herself she began to struggle .
tr	O	That would be all it would take , but then she 'd have to tell her that she was pregnant .
tr	O	It was bad enough when it came from others , but it stung worse when it was his own brother .
tr	I	Her flabbergasted eyes surged with moisture and he filled Olympia 's embrace with an excited squeal .
tr	I	That wasn 't what really stopped me in my tracks but he was good looking , yes , .
tr	I	Winston had long since memorized their contents , but the research papers were a ruined pulp .
tr	I	She chanced a glance at him and her heart pounded .
tr	I	We were quiet , staring straight ahead , and the Colonel drove fast .
tr	I	He 'd find the information he wanted but he knew it was going to take a while .
tr	I	It will be gone the next moment , and he can tuck something into his pocket .
tr	O	Mac is Unix with a pretty face , and he had some scripts that took advantage of this to make it more secure .
tr	O	She took a deep breath , allowing her jealous feelings to flow off of her , but it still nagged at the back of her mind .
tr	I	Before he could find his voice , footsteps approached once more in the hallway , but he searched for the right words to tell her .
tr	O	Gods should live forever , and the emperor thought himself a god .
tr	O	He thought that would hurt you too much and he didn 't want to see you hurt .
tr	I	Seth really didn 't want to kill anyone unless he absolutely had to , but admittedly , it wasn 't the best plan .
tr	O	There is only one way to escape and that is to sink back into the dreamscape .
tr	I	I could see that it moved Mrs. Leslie deeply , but I did not know what to make of that .
tr	I	A little sound of discomfort yelped between my lips and his fingers probed around .
tr	I	It looked like it was just a scratch , but Jeff was hit in the arm by a bolt .
tr	I	They were stained green and I looked at them .
tr	I	I wanted to know before I told him what I know , but Hayes might know .
tr	O	His usual grin has been replaced by a comforting smile , and his entire attitude toward me seems gentler .
tr	O	Finally he came out of it , and things got back to almost normal .
tr	O	Two major battles were fought very close to this base , and yet it looked like a standard stretch along the beach .
tr	O	I hadn 't been born with a silver spoon shoved in my face , but an entire goddamn platinum service set choking me from the get-go .
tr	I	Inside he 's really very sensitive , but I know that he looks brutish .
tr	O	I wasn 't quite sure what the Inquisition was at that point , but I knew that the symbol meant trouble .
tr	I	Eli smiling from cheek to cheek , and I climbed in the car , greeted by her being on the phone , Rebekah sound asleep .
tr	I	This was all a dream , and I was sitting on a plane , reading GQ .
tr	I	Instead , she gasped , but she was expecting her mother to be pleased .
tr	O	I 'd incurred a few medical bills during the past year , and it had taken me a long , painful time to pay them off .
tr	O	The horse wasn 't that old , but any horse would have a hard time at full speed through the hills .
tr	O	Tired and increasingly vexed .
tr	I	I see what I want , and I work on these spells .
tr	O	It has always been that way , and it will continue to be that way until the end of time .
tr	O	He ´ s either playing a practical joke or he ´ s for real .
tr	O	Savannah had not thought much about how much she missed her Grams , but as she sits here with her , she knows just how much .
tr	O	He looks as if he 's ready to kill me and at this stage in my life , I 'm not quite ready to die .
tr	O	I was lifting some weights when I looked up , and Ashlyn was standing over me .
tr	I	When he 's not , you go back to that place of pain , and Ian takes that fear from you when he 's around .
tr	I	It was almost dark , but it was still daylight .
tr	I	That meant people up front couldn 't see her , either , but her view of the front was blocked .
tr	I	She knew that someone wanted to kill her , and she had no weapons .
tr	O	Smiling at her reaction , he pulled her back down and his smile widened as she automatically snuggled close to him .
tr	I	He heard activity on the deck , and the ship 's outline appeared ahead .
tr	I	I saw the glistening in her eyes as she fought off tears and she grabbed my hand .
tr	I	The numbers automatically tallied up in his head , but he didn 't try to count .
tr	O	You make it through today , and I 'll hire you .
tr	O	Rachel 's expression changed mildly from lecturer to co-conspirator but she maintained her formality in tone as she continued .
tr	O	He reached out to her , and she fell into his arms .
tr	O	Most of the buildings seemed to be residential cottages but one of them was a long low multi-purpose store .
tr	O	The lights went on and the night was visible from here .
tr	O	I finally released her totally , but I was close enough .
tr	O	There was something I was missing , something more truthful , but she couldn 't tell me what it was .
tr	I	This place is weird , but I 've seen something like this before , in the community library in our zone .
tr	I	They were very close , but they weren 't identical .
tr	I	I jumped , and his voice sounded behind me .
tr	I	He had nothing to cover himself with , but he recognized the sluggishness of hypothermia coming on .
tr	I	The room got brighter , and I stuck my whole hand in .
tr	I	He delved deep , determined to taste all of her after waiting so long and his tongue parted her lips .
tr	O	Evan knew I had a shamanic background , but I didn 't want the extent of my power made that obvious .
tr	I	Now , I have the chance to know , but it 's just that , I never thought of why you guys started boxing .
tr	O	Manuel faked a smile , but he didn 't look at Margie , not this time .
tr	O	I was shocked too , but the panic of losing those I loved was more compelling than whatever weird thing was going on .
tr	O	She handed her the check as Kara held out a credit card , and she took it .
tr	O	Her lips were saying one thing , but her body language was saying something entirely different .
tr	O	The First Guardian hadn 't said the last four words , but that had been the lesson Ren had learned .
tr	I	He 'd be there , and a few quick strokes .
tr	I	I shivered and he laughed .
tr	I	Her chest stopped its struggle for breath , and her eyes closed .
tr	I	We rely on a barter system and as you all know , the monetary system has completely broken down .
tr	O	Extra wood was put on the fire until the flames soared skyward and the entire area glowed orange .
tr	I	We decimated your men , and you attacked our army in open combat .
tr	O	He may be my father , but I don 't know him .
tr	I	Somehow he felt so eager to share his secrets , but he 'd never revealed so much about himself to another person in his whole life .
tr	I	The hollow eyes looked up again and Pope leaned back into his seat .
tr	O	I just need time ... and I need you to stay .
tr	O	I 'd never seen him like that , and I never want to again .
tr	O	Joey leaned over her , but she waved him away .
tr	O	They were faint , completely healed , but he couldn 't have missed them .
tr	I	Instead there was no response , but I expected a raging LOL .
tr	O	I cried when my dad died a few years ago , and I cried when my dog died when I was thirteen .
tr	I	Now she realized she really knew nothing at all about Kat , and someone she had thought she 'd known for years .
tr	I	Gaston was having nothing of that , but Elana tried to slide off of his lap .
tr	I	She held on to it , but Joseph offered to take the box .
tr	O	I stiffened , my heart leaping , and I automatically turned toward the voice .
tr	O	It 's as though they know what I 'm trying to do , and they won 't let me .
tr	I	It took all the energy Tim had , but the only one who could stop him from hurting himself was Tim .
tr	I	Most don 't , but some people seem able to shake it off while it 's just acting like a respiratory bug .
tr	I	We 'd certainly never cast a young girl out for the sins of a lecherous old man and we don 't turn on our own .
tr	O	If I could find one that wasn 't locked I would have a way out , but I would only have time to try one .
tr	O	Her breath was hot on his cheek , and her wrists were quiet under his hands .
tr	I	The houses looked as if they 'd been visited by the Grinch , and we 'd filled six plastic garbage bags with lights .
tr	O	I narrowed my eyes and she dropped her gaze .
tr	O	His behavior was inexcusable , but his friends had understood .
tr	O	Violet 's breathing steadied , and she fel asleep .
tr	O	Sienna ducked and it missed her .
tr	O	The door slammed shut and the screams died off .
tr	I	You couldn 't trust those , but her profile picture was cute .
tr	I	It 's way too hard , but I try to keep them open .
tr	O	Her voice was soft as well , but it was more of a purr .
tr	I	I don 't rightly remember doing that , but they say I tore up her flowerbed .
tr	O	Take a person 's memories , and you change who they are .
tr	I	It would probably work with this group and it had worked with the 1942 survivors .
tr	O	I heard Dom walk up behind me , and I froze .
tr	I	His whereabouts were unknown and Edward Grainger had left the country .
tr	O	Two battalions broke away from the main convoy , and they headed to the southern outskirts of Austin .
tr	I	He did not feel it anymore , but the rain fell on his head .
tr	O	He 'd probably quit early for her and she didn 't care .
tr	O	He hadn 't wanted to be here , but his uncle had insisted .
tr	I	He loved to gamble , and Chek , on the other hand , was short , bald .
tr	O	There were only a few dancers on the floor , swinging each other around the room , but it was still early yet .
tr	O	I hated being the bearer of bad news , but I needed to update Ethan .
tr	I	I don 't let go but she pulls back away from me .
tr	O	Today is officially my fifteenth birthday and I am excited to be able to go out into the village with Onyx .
tr	I	A good chunk of our time had been spent outdoors and we 'd been on our honeymoon for over a week now .
tr	I	I let it go , but it was classic deflection .
tr	I	I wanted nothing more than to kiss him and when he laughed his chest moved against mine .
tr	I	I 'm begging him to come back and his warmth is gone .
tr	I	She was going to end up falling again or she had to be more careful around him .
tr	I	She leaned into him , thankful that he was here , that he hadn 't gone into work , and Brennan 's arms wrapped around her .
tr	O	I know I 'm a sissy , but growing up I never broke a bone in my body .
tr	I	This really astounded her but she knew that the subconscious could sometimes perform incredible feats that wizards normally failed to achieve no matter how much they practiced .
tr	O	The religions all counsel a future in Heaven but he wants the present for those he loves .
tr	I	It began to turn in order to be able to engage the enemies , and its engines were powered as well .
tr	O	Liam couldn 't think of anything to say and Julian didn 't bother to speak .
tr	O	He flung the stump of his cigarette to the ground and trampled on it , without giving it a second thought .
tr	I	Now he 's running late because his car broke down again and he was up all night because of you at the hospital .
tr	I	It looked like he was blushing under his brown skin , and Jacob ducked his head .
tr	I	I hadn 't proven to be much use helping him find it , but I had no idea what it did .
tr	O	His smile immediately fades and he cocks his head .
tr	I	She smiled , and Marlon retorted .
tr	O	As she closed the door behind her , the lights dimmed , and flashes of color bounced off the walls .
tr	O	Her voice is quiet , but her words are firm .
tr	O	It was subtle , but it seemed inevitable .
tr	I	My cheeks heat and everyone agrees .
tr	I	He also wanted to be at Sigma command , to find out if the Japanese physicists were okay , but he needed to hear this tale .
tr	I	All other avenues were blocked but she didn 't know if there was any kind of a weapon there .
tr	O	She didn 't answer him either , but it seemed as though she had .
tr	O	He wanted to rush to Aria but he was too weak .
tr	O	Many of the Lions had never lost , and as a whole they did so gracefully .
tr	O	Those of the Red will begin their attack at dawn , and I would expect the mounted troops to counterattack within a few hours .
tr	I	He had heard it on more than one occasion , but from where , he wasn 't sure .
tr	I	These pain medications are making me tired and I 've been up for a while .
tr	O	He stood , legs apart , in the stream of people moving through the market , and let them flow around him like a river .
tr	I	A sigh rattled through him , and I gingerly touched the ends of his hair .
tr	O	She seemed startled out of her reflections , and my heart split at the sight of her face .
tr	I	He released her , backing up and her hands went to his waist .
tr	O	He was only fourteen , and he loved Petunia .
tr	I	The second boy fled so I decided to look further into the matter and a few minutes later the door opened .
tr	I	The three of us accepted the offer , and he was welcoming .
tr	O	Vaughn would enjoy going another round with Carrie 's brothers , but unfortunately he had a long drive back to Grand Forks .
tr	I	His skin is creased with wrinkles and his eyes are a dull grey .
tr	I	Maybe we could make use of the other one as well , but I knew from the get-go which car we were going to take .
tr	O	He did not need a war on his hands while his father lay dying , but a Clan war may lie just around the corner .
tr	I	I could feel the hot water boiling around me , but I regretted not being able to return his enthusiasm .
tr	O	Micah 's business continued to grow , and he 'd even begun a second business , one that manufactured entertainment centers .
tr	I	She could not bear to see it happen to Max , but Mia no longer cared if she plunged down the cliff .
tr	O	The door opened in response to Robert 's handprint and they entered the little building .
tr	O	Rosemary could insist from now until doomsday that vampires were incapable of human emotions , but she was wrong .
tr	O	Ernest heard the sound of a door opening behind him and he turned to see Lady Hutchinson .
tr	O	Maybe it had been a crazy thing to say , but suddenly the chance of a future with Ford didn 't seem completely out of bounds .
tr	I	Now she was apologizing , and she hadn 't deserved what that fucking pig had done .
tr	O	I could call him back , but that would only weaken him .
tr	O	She was doubtful this program would work from the beginning , but any comment would not make this subject turn out any better than the others .
tr	O	He wiggles his eyebrows and it makes me nervous .
tr	I	I wanted to squirm , and he studied my face .
tr	I	Everything went blank and about all that I can remember is dancing with Luke .
tr	I	She is as cute as a bug and as I was saying , Lily is my little sister .
tr	O	I was just ready for the day to be over , and I was certainly ready to be out of the spotlight .
tr	I	I didn 't stay long , and I didn 't like it .
tr	I	Soon I was sinking back into my chair and my knees buckled .
tr	O	He had so many questions for her , but he kept them to himself .
tr	I	A sleepy smile pulled at his lips and one eye was visible .
tr	O	His reflexes are improving and they are optimistic that there is no serious spinal damage .
tr	O	Sam sounded calm , but I knew better .
tr	I	Gwen laughed with the surge of power that she felt and he lunged up , wrapped his arms around her .
tr	I	All was in order , and the first room had once been the guest room .
tr	O	Robert showed up not unexpectedly , but still giving her the creeps .
tr	I	I saw that he had one of his own , and after he did this once , he couldn 't seem to put it down .
tr	I	I did not , but I might have killed you ten days ago .
tr	O	We 're related to them and they stink .
tr	I	He still had no signal , buried too deeply under the museum , but Gray tested his own radio .
tr	I	The Dane kept one hand on her shoulder holding her down , but she tried to push up , to better see the shore .
tr	I	She pinned it to her chest with fingers shaking with eagerness , and she grasped the brooch as soon as he accepted the money .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure he 'd show up for breakfast , but he claimed he needed to get used to my cooking .
tr	O	She was obviously a bit unorthodox but that seemed rather charming to Phoebe .
tr	I	Still , the inevitable could , perhaps , be postponed , but it was inevitable that he would be noticed one day .
tr	I	Maybe that transcended to her personal appearance , as well , and the ocean had always been the place she was her happiest .
tr	I	Our family didn 't talk of it very much , and my teeth no longer chattered in fear no matter what I heard .
tr	O	I moved my hand to take the dime , and he closed his hand gently around mine .
tr	I	She held it together , but her toes curled in her boots .
tr	O	I moved beneath him and his expression grew pained .
tr	O	Cold air rushed in and I sucked it deep .
tr	I	Just inside we could make out the gleaming nose of a Mark 6D Hawker Hunter and Topsy then flung open the end doors .
tr	O	I 'm glad he did , but I was honest with her .
tr	I	It was as if you just disappeared , but I looked everywhere for you .
tr	O	I wake up , and I 'm tired .
tr	O	He spun me around and I whimpered .
tr	I	Then it grew , doubling in size , and it swallowed the wire like slurping a noodle , burped loudly .
tr	O	He whistled for his owl , and the massive bird swooped from its perch in a tree to his master 's side .
tr	O	We kissed on both cheeks , and she left as immediately as she arrived .
tr	O	They were registering their names and I was hanging around idly .
tr	O	Barry had slowly become a regular late-night drinker in the area , and he would keep up that pretence after the kill to avoid arousing suspicion .
tr	O	His eyes weren 't as frosty as they had been earlier , yet they were still unreadable .
tr	O	It began wiggling and I shrieked , shaking the slimy thing off my hand .
tr	O	I hated moving further away from the last place I had seen Cade , but I knew location had no meaning in my attempt to find him .
tr	I	I could tell she wasn 't happy to have to talk but she glanced at me .
tr	O	His lips tightened , but he was smarter than the average Were .
tr	I	I was starting to see that tiny blue flicker as a sign of connection , and the touch sparked gently .
tr	I	I don 't , but I could honestly play this game all night with her .
tr	I	It was just slightly too warm but the weather was a nearly perfect spring day .
tr	I	She couldn 't quite remember what it was , but she was sure she was doing something .
tr	O	I heard footfalls from below mix with those from my sister 's room and she slammed my door open .
tr	I	While my finger was on the button it started to ring again , but I was about to open up the call log .
tr	O	Pewter kept her moving , but it also bottled up her natural fatigue .
tr	O	Her sister was right , but she couldn 't stop .
tr	I	It didn 't help that Ellie was scared to death of the dark and that seemed odd for a dream .
tr	O	he yelled and the entire bar went crazy .
tr	I	Eric 's own frenzy was responding , but she tried to tamp it down .
tr	I	You 've got be more careful , but I don 't mind helping you !
tr	O	His voice was pitched low , but I gasped at his words .
tr	I	First they have to pay their lawyers , but they 'll pay you even more .
tr	I	I had just the right amount of makeup on , and my dark hair was blown straight .
tr	O	He wanted to deny the reality he saw in Mairi 's eyes , but he had never been one to lie to himself .
tr	I	It felt safe to open my eyes and my breathing was less shallow .
tr	I	He shook his head , but I explained this to Michael .
tr	I	I cupped it before slipping my fingers inside and my hand traveled down to her wet pussy .
tr	O	The place was very loud and yet she could easily see Nick in here .
tr	I	The cold air would fill his lungs , making him cough , but he tried to run .
tr	O	Sonia opened her mouth to speak but Callum beat her to it .
tr	O	Matt wouldn 't say it , but she was really scaring him , too .
tr	I	I slap them away , but hands grope at me .
tr	O	She thought her eyes were open , but all she could see was piercing white light .
tr	O	He paused , but she didn 't .
tr	O	You were his and I took you .
tr	O	I just have to explain to Jaden what 's going on and he 'll understand .
tr	O	Music had always been my escape , and it had really come in handy over the past year .
tr	I	Dust flew back at me , and I punched a cushion .
tr	O	He walked purposefully towards me , never slowing his pace and I wondered for a moment if he was in a hurry .
tr	O	A flashlight would have been safer around all that hay , but my pa was being thrifty as well as old fashioned .
tr	I	Neither of us won , and we played three games .
tr	I	Rob knew she was thinking all the thoughts he 'd wanted her to avoid and she sat back .
tr	O	He was a prodigy , but he was also a wasted prodigy .
tr	O	A thorny rose she had been , but a rose .
tr	I	He wasn 't the only one , but Eli screamed .
tr	O	The tightness in his throat grew even harder to fight , but fight it he did .
tr	I	The ﬁnal realization of his failure seemed to hit him , and the Lord Ruler cast his eyes down at the crowd .
tr	I	The pain faded too , and Ty 's eyes focused on the impossibly blue sky overhead as he felt himself slipping away .
tr	I	The incessant jarring had caused the layers of blankets to become tangled around her , but Cassie strained to right herself .
tr	I	Had almost cast her out of the house when she 'd finally told him she was pregnant and her dad was old school .
tr	I	He had his right hand resting high on the top of Hailey 's left thigh and Hailey had her arms wrapped around Tyler 's neck .
tr	I	Yet , I 'm not sure what to think about it , and I 'm so certain .
tr	I	My limbs still felt heavy but I could open my eyes .
tr	I	I mean it now and I meant it then .
tr	O	She bit into the cake pressed softly against her lips and every one of her taste buds came completely alive .
tr	I	I never had the patience for such things , but I 'm sorry .
tr	O	Mike had wheeled the truck up next to the closed doors and they had all climbed out of the truck .
tr	I	I still wasn 't convinced , but well I guess , in a way , it did make sense .
tr	O	As they got within 10 yards of the entrance , it flickered one more time , and that was it .
tr	I	That is all , but he stirs , then groans .
tr	I	Maybe I had been wrong about the whole thing and most of the kids didn 't really notice me .
tr	I	Her hair was messy and her cheeks were flushed .
tr	I	The fear would seep into the castle , but no one would miss them .
tr	I	I force myself to enter the room to keep her from bolting off the floor , and Worry consumes her face .
tr	O	All it would take was one swift push and the car would end up in the water , taking him with it .
tr	I	Face the possibility of being turned away , and to turn up -- a complete stranger -- on the doorstep .
tr	I	He just watched , but some Dreams Do Come True At first I thought he was there to kill me .
tr	I	Her estimation of him shifted , but she couldn 't understand it .
tr	I	I know arguing with him is futile so I resign myself to my fate and his has his no nonsense tone .
tr	I	I sigh with impatience and he stays silent again .
tr	O	He was such a good guy and she was pure evil .
tr	O	I 'd done a lot of job hunting today , and I still had my date with Greg to get ready for .
tr	O	My rank as an artist is of my own winning , and I would not exchange it for any other .
tr	O	Feng pulled off the skullcap , and her blond hair tumbled out .
tr	I	A little sadness flooded me and my fingers reflexively squeezed Roth 's as anger .
tr	O	Protests formed on the tip of my tongue , but he was right .
tr	O	We have talked much and you are not yet well .
tr	I	His steward came forward , and he stomped out of the pasture .
tr	O	I could feel his cock pressing against my opening , begging for entrance and I wanted to give it to him .
tr	O	The joke was on Slim , and it was obvious he didn 't like it .
tr	O	Her face skewed into a crooked smile and she followed it with laughter .
tr	I	Jacob saw the massive sun that loomed before him , so close he could touch it and the movement spun the pair around slightly .
tr	O	She wraps her arms around my waist , and her hands slide into my back pockets .
tr	O	I gave him the address , and we set up a time .
tr	I	The jolt caused my hand to strike towards the trigger , and I almost jerked my gun upwards .
tr	O	She reached toward a glass case , and Ian caught her wrist in sudden panic .
tr	O	He asked me but something was wrong .
tr	I	A small smile touched her lips and when I closed the door behind me her head shot up .
tr	O	The air is chilly and she shivers against me .
tr	I	Peter would immediately demand to know whether his mother had liked them , and at dinner Dad would pass him a casserole dish of green beans .
tr	I	Pul ing him closer and Nick crawled onto the bed , wrapping Kelly 's hips in his arms .
tr	O	The corner of her bottom lip disappeared behind her teeth and her shoulder bounced once with the cadence of her words .
tr	I	Austin leaned back , accidentally knocking over her sand castle and the man took a step towards her .
tr	O	We go on dates , and she visits me here .
tr	O	It was more than sex , but he couldn 't handle it .
tr	O	Kara glared at Simon , but her lips were twitching .
tr	I	He seemed to notice odd details as he walked and the house was unnaturally quiet .
tr	I	It seemed to have what was important , but there was no other signage , not even a name .
tr	I	He has to be right , and Doc hinted about that once .
tr	O	That woman had a way of making him burn and this time it wasn 't in a good way .
tr	O	The night before Rush had been at a meeting , and she 'd retired early , tired from a long day , before he 'd gotten home .
tr	O	His eyes flicked down to the mattress and his voice softened .
tr	I	It was a singularly icy smile , but Sir smiled .
tr	I	All the while she held the barrel away from everyone , and I watched her holding the gun in one hand .
tr	O	I saw it in her eyes , but she made no comment on it .
tr	I	It echoed through the small lobby , and I laughed loudly just imagining her saying that .
tr	I	He was on a mission , and Uncle Markov was in the building .
tr	I	She had not conceived of the things of which he was capable , but she had believed he was powerful .
tr	I	Stormy Weather would make it rain in L.A. and our version of Under My Skin would send Sinatra running .
tr	O	Pippa said we could expect the contacts from resistance within three days , but the third day winds slowly into evening with no sign of anyone .
tr	I	Ralf had been forced to hunt him down , knowing his connections to the Silent Brothers , and Magnus was the only warlock who had come .
tr	O	I looked for the pimply kid , but he wasn 't at the ticket window .
tr	O	I told myself that if they were still with me I would go , but I knew I wouldn 't even then .
tr	I	His face is more round than square and he looks like the baby of all of them with darker blue eyes than Asher 's .
tr	O	It was difficult to see through the smoke but there was definitely something moving down there .
tr	O	I can 't believe Ivy and I created him , that he 's a part of me .
tr	I	There was no way to take everything out of the bag once more to check it but he preferred the man 's anger to his amusement .
tr	O	She 'd only been gone a day , but she missed her friend .
tr	I	I jump and the urinal flushes .
tr	O	He didn 't dare fight it , but not judging the evil acts was much , much harder .
tr	O	The only reason I was here was to pass those tests , and I couldn 't even manage that much .
tr	O	He 'd been sent to Yekaterinburg to orchestrate the family 's escape , arriving three days earlier , but events had accelerated at lightning pace .
tr	I	When his bare skin touched hers , the world seemed to stop spinning , and she rolled toward him .
tr	I	The lumpy cabin mattress and now all I want is something good to eat .
tr	O	She glared at the shifting curtains and I could tell that she was feeling violent .
tr	I	She couldn 't place her , but the Mage looked vaguely familiar .
tr	O	Yes , she 'd loved this man , perhaps still loved him , but he was wrong for her .
tr	O	Every day it 's like I 'm counting the minutes until I see you , and I think maybe today .
tr	I	It didn 't do much good but he splashed water on his face .
tr	O	I had been spending a lot of time at Nick 's , getting to know the pack and him better .
tr	O	Rob nearly choked and Jake looked like he was having trouble swallowing this piece of news , as well .
tr	O	He said it so simply , so few words , but such a depth of emotion packed into each one .
tr	O	I meant I played while thinking of my dick , and I came in second place .
tr	I	I was already carrying a decent load on my shoulders , but he had a point .
tr	O	Franz didn 't ask what it was , but he did follow her downstairs .
tr	O	It overlooked the lake and I had an excellent view of the craft .
tr	I	He 'd seen many like it in his day , but he hadn 't been to this particular establishment before .
tr	I	He 's a bit clumsy you know , and I left Rudolph in charge at the north pole .
tr	I	Even I could feel my eyes flashing with hostility , and I stared at Marcie .
tr	O	The tip of his nose touched hers and he smiled .
tr	O	It would have been easy enough to manipulate her and she likely wouldn 't have even remembered it the next day .
tr	I	Maybe it is that and at first I thought it was just feeling what others feel .
tr	O	Constitutional theory was all very well , but the cold hard reality of it was that the state could not long survive if it were leaderless .
tr	I	She seemed older by at least a decade but Rosa was twenty , maybe twenty-two at most .
tr	O	My arms were freezing and I was kind of shivering .
tr	O	Elizabeth was only startled that so much time had passed without her realizing it , but communing with her Book of Shadows could have that effect .
tr	I	How could she when her big fat lie had spiraled off in ways she 'd never planned , but she knew she needed to pull herself together ?
tr	I	My chest tighten and I felt it now , swelling inside of me , making my eyes tear .
tr	O	She 'd never felt a gun at her back before , but this couldn 't be anything else .
tr	O	He grew impatient to end his journey , yet he did not want it to end .
tr	O	She couldn 't hear what Garrett whispered to Nora , but by the looks on both their faces , it had to be bad .
tr	I	It creaked on its rusty hinges and I finally opened the door slowly .
tr	O	This particular dead man had been in his forties , and every year of that had been hard .
tr	O	The kisses became longer and Eadie pushed more toward me .
tr	I	That was what mattered most of all to Nate , all of which made him smile , and mephistopheles was safe .
tr	I	Her eyes never blinked and her expression was earnest .
tr	I	She closed her eyes as he drew her against him , and the pride in his gaze glowed through her .
tr	I	Fate did not accord with justice , but he fought bravely against the usurper .
tr	O	Hit me hard enough and I 'll hit back .
tr	O	I was released from my seat and I stepped forward to assess the outside from the view screen .
tr	O	I could wish all I wanted , but it 'd never change who I was .
tr	O	Sherry left after the cleaning was finished , and Cate was alone in the house .
tr	O	She invited me in for a cup of tea and I accepted .
tr	I	They 've been hunting partners for ten years , and Josh is married to Michael 's sister .
tr	O	I reached for the handle , but Jamie stopped me .
tr	O	The door opened almost immediately and Will ow stood there smiling nervously .
tr	I	Echo couldn 't read what her mother was thinking , but a smile was on her face .
tr	O	There was no moon , and the stars were brilliant .
tr	I	You know that , but I used to dream that I could belong here .
tr	O	Her brothers were able to fix the car , and the people were so grateful that they shared all their food .
tr	I	Luke stopped him with a hand on his arm , but he half turned to climb back into his car .
tr	I	Her perfectly bowed mouth crooked up in a half grin and she blinked obscenely long lashes at me .
tr	I	He slipped his hand into her back pocket , pulling her close , and Sara settled in back at Rafe 's side .
tr	O	A twinge of jealousy shot through me , but I suppressed it .
tr	I	He 'd put one through the inner ring , and once in a while he would get bored .
tr	O	It was a cold day that promised snow by morning , and he could feel the cold from the iron bench seeping up through his shoes .
tr	I	I felt like I was floating , and a deliciously warm feeling accompanied his words .
tr	I	Townsend seemed indifferent to the point , but I asked .
tr	O	Duncan told her he brought her here for seduction and here she was letting him .
tr	I	It 's possible but that 's deep .
tr	I	Hazel shot me a look , and he disappeared into his room .
tr	I	They will operate out of a backup HQ located on my estate and these will be their covert functions .
tr	O	She 'd allowed Cain to humiliate him , and his shame would soon be public .
tr	I	Cass stopped me , but I tried .
tr	O	She was about Alaina 's age , yet she already knew magic .
tr	O	I see his frown before he looks out the window behind my head , and I realize it wasn 't the right question to ask .
tr	O	He stretches out his hand to shake hers , but she only stares at the outstretched hand .
tr	O	The drawer slid open and his brother 's favorite fear tool , a concussion grenade , was tucked carefully into the corner .
tr	I	The tunnel went completely dark , and I did as he had ordered .
tr	I	He 'd killed women , and he 'd hit women .
tr	I	Looking at his big smiling face made it hard , but cassius tried to be mad .
tr	O	Michael hit him head-on , and the two of them tumbled over headstones .
tr	I	Then she hardened , but she seemed saddened by the sight , almost compassionate .
tr	I	Some of those had other people in them , and there were lots of pictures of them together .
tr	I	She was becoming better at coping with it , or the pain was either fading day by day .
tr	O	Mr. Yellow is about to speak but I come out with it first .
tr	I	His eyes twinkled and his paper curled down .
tr	I	Lately Lewis had been demanding answers - no doubt jumping to commands from The Boss and it was their most mysterious form of behavior .
tr	I	We rode her to the hospital and the paramedics got there pretty fast .
tr	O	My boyfriend didn 't own a cell phone , and usually he didn 't need one .
tr	O	Thirty seconds passed , and he heard nothing .
tr	O	Kelly hated being out of the loop , and he hated even more feeling suspicious of his boyfriend .
tr	I	That wasn 't saying much , but I did not recall his face .
tr	I	The crowd filled the silence with roaring applause , and the song ended .
tr	O	Your family 's going to repair the world , and this is where you 're going to start .
tr	O	I saw where I had filled in Jon 's address when I was first hired , and I grimaced .
tr	I	Things are dangerous for all of us right now , but I wish I 'd been able to save her .
tr	I	They all clearly went to school with her , but she didn 't recognize a lot of them .
tr	O	Sadie whined along side of us but I told her I was okay .
tr	I	Then I ran some more , and I just ran until I couldn 't breathe , until my legs hurt so bad I could hardly take it .
tr	O	My knees suddenly felt weak , and if I hadn 't been holding Seth 's hand , I would 've sunk to the floor .
tr	O	Three years had passed but people had long memories .
tr	O	He flipped down his infrared goggles , but the temporary lighting gave them an uncomfortable view of the underworld .
tr	O	He slammed his hand against the concrete wall , once , twice , three times , but the bat 's teeth stayed firm .
tr	I	Mr. Marin was talking animatedly on his cell phone , but Hanna glanced at her dad 's car to her left , wishing he 'd overheard .
tr	I	Here I was drooling over hers and I had been mad because I thought my best friend was in love with my boyfriend .
tr	I	His grip slackened and his eyes widened .
tr	I	Her reprieve was short-lived but he released her hand .
tr	O	The dozer will be the slowest but we 're going to need it to clear a spot through the trees down to the creek .
tr	O	He pointed beyond the bow and Brent managed to beat everyone there to see for himself .
tr	O	Hart must be wearing something under it , but if so , it was something rather thin .
tr	O	My heart skips a beat at the sight of him and I turn to check my reflection in the entryway mirror .
tr	O	I want to sob because I know it will make me feel better , but I can 't force the tears to come .
tr	I	I breathed out , glancing around and we 'd reached the cool street .
tr	O	It seems like a rather forward thing to do but he made it seem so natural that it didn 't feel intrusive at all .
tr	O	Steven started for the door but Julie 's voice stopped him .
tr	I	I stared at her and my mouth dropped open .
tr	I	Other than that , he looks fine , but the cut on his lower lip hasn 't healed properly yet .
tr	O	Everything hit me in that moment and I was suddenly desperately homesick .
tr	O	Her father may have broken up their marriage , but he 'd given Lucas two million dollars .
tr	O	A strand of her hair teased her lip and she brushed it away .
tr	I	I soon realized what they were doing : regaining their strength , but at first I thought they were being selfish .
tr	O	The branches of the nearby trees tossed in the breeze , and in the distance , traffic rumbled .
tr	O	He understood the words , but they had not been spoken in any language he knew .
tr	I	In the process , she 'd nearly humiliated herself in front of dozens of people , but she 'd finally pieced together yesterday 's puzzle .
tr	I	I understand they are very fierce fighters , and it is a great coup : a vastly different breed .
tr	I	He knew it had upset both of them , and an immortal only lost a child if there was a genetic flaw , something that was rare .
tr	O	Otto had taken the aptitude tests , but he was not good enough .
tr	I	The neighborhood was blanketed in thick , white snow , and snowflakes were falling more heavily .
tr	O	They would all meet at the church and he would hold the hand of his bride , Margaret , when standing in front of the altar .
tr	O	I wasn 't back at The Shade , but there was a great chance that I was indeed inside a dungeon .
tr	I	I wondered what I was going to see and I felt myself slipping into her mind .
tr	I	I could only fear what they might be capable of , and most of them had already trained their vast array of weapons on us .
tr	I	I knew he was still going to unleash on me but I 'd texted him that I 'd taken a drive after my run .
tr	I	It paid off and they decided to take a chance with him .
tr	I	Her voice was almost a whisper , and she said .
tr	O	I remembered Vinnie was collecting some information for me and we hadn 't had a chance to discuss it .
tr	I	She was just hiding something all along or I don 't know if she was having a breakdown .
tr	I	I sprinted into the kitchen and the sound of Simon 's key in the front door brought me back from my thoughts .
tr	I	Now he wanted to be at the club , but Sabin had wanted to be at the cemetery .
tr	O	Maybe I was wrong and we were never meant to be .
tr	I	What the Irishman said made sense , but Sal didn 't like taking orders .
tr	O	Simon had one and Benny had two .
tr	O	They were close and she did everything for her younger sister .
tr	O	The past several days went , but they did not go willingly .
tr	O	He reached for her but she was already scrambling across the bed .
tr	O	Speed had noticed the bucking had stopped , but the shrieking racket continued from the cargo hold .
tr	O	He retrieved the first aid kit , and I scowled at him .
tr	I	It wasn 't off to a great start , but she really wanted to build a relationship with Nathan .
tr	O	The two of them stared at each other with serious expressions and Allan shook his head emphatically several times .
tr	I	She 'd come back with Shira one day soon and she 'd just make note of the shops nearby .
tr	I	They were too busy not taking care of her , and he was too busy with taking care of Mom .
tr	I	She released her eyelids , and her phone vibrated .
tr	I	The speaker shut up and Will snorted in derision .
tr	O	Mother cat had given birth and Liz went into hysterics when I suggested we move them .
tr	I	I clamped them shut , but my lips parted .
tr	I	Getting money just because I 'm his girlfriend seems wrong , but my broken brain is okay with being paid for sex .
tr	I	We watched the sun go down , and I had my arm around her .
tr	I	Tammie Lee had set out a lovely floral arrangement , but she 'd had visions of her daughter-in-law 's centerpiece being prepared by a taxidermist .
tr	O	The jet started to descend and Samantha glanced out the window .
tr	I	His lips were pressed together as well , and his grip on her arm was tighter than necessary .
tr	I	Her eyes fluttered , and she rolled over .
tr	I	His warm breath on my clit made my body tingle and his voice was raspy .
tr	I	If I hadn 't felt humiliated enough before , now I wanted to die , and wild applause filled the air .
tr	I	They all could use a few hours rest and no one had slept well on the plane .
tr	I	Fear was the main emotion I saw , but glancing over at him , there was a little bit of excitement on his face .
tr	O	We have one baby we 're bottle-feeding and he 's adorable .
tr	I	Soon a flustered young girl entered , and there was a sudden motion at the front of the tent .
tr	I	Amira accepted it graciously , but the bread had gone a little stale .
tr	O	They thought that laws were broken and there should be no allowances made .
tr	I	It was from her memory we were running and she died in a car accident two years ago .
tr	I	It will strengthen , but the blood isn 't very strong within him .
tr	O	He 's distrustful , and I guess he 's wondering the real reason to why I 'm suddenly such a model patient .
tr	I	I couldn 't seem to stop myself , but I knew I was starting to ramble on .
tr	I	She lowered her face into her hands , and his words seemed to release her emotions .
tr	I	I did but not how he meant and Terry believed I loved you still .
tr	O	Aran loved living on the coast of Maine and it was mornings like this that reminded him of why .
tr	O	I look both ways , but I don 't see him .
tr	O	He closes his eyes , and his fingers move quickly over the strings .
tr	O	Things are calmer here and I 'm not as angry as I was months ago .
tr	O	Maybe Ashleigh had taken it a little farther than Hannah had anticipated , but it was silly to feel such envy .
tr	I	A white light shot out , hitting him in the chest , and he said Leo pointed his finger at Benny .
tr	O	Abby found herself telling them about life in the city , and they in turn told her about life in the Bay .
tr	I	Bliss took her time , longer even than normal , but every girl that exited gave me a knowing smile .
tr	O	Being who I am , I 'm used to having control , and this situation is completely out of my hands .
tr	I	We turned around , the new trousers a perfect fit and he cleared his throat .
tr	O	I valued it too much , but now I cast it away .
tr	I	I also never wanted this feeling to end , but I wanted more .
tr	I	When the next pain hit , she forgot everything else , and no one answered her .
tr	O	She grinned as she felt my hardness in her hands , and I smiled at her before pushing her back down on the ground .
tr	O	He found himself face to face with one particularly elusive shade and with a fierce howl he swung the staff in its direction .
tr	O	The four of us walked down the sidewalk , and when we reached the driveway , Walter handed his umbrella to Jenna .
tr	O	The whistle died down , and the train chugged into the station .
tr	I	His words alone left her breathless , yet he said the sight of her robbed him of breath .
tr	I	Everyone else in the house was asleep , and it was after 10 pm .
tr	I	It pushed me over the edge , and my mom 's laugh carried up the stairs .
tr	I	They tried to make my life hell , and her friends knew about it .
tr	O	She responded favorably and they approached the wagons at a slow walk .
tr	I	Her cheeks glowed , and Raina glanced at Eric .
tr	I	He looked up at the ceiling and his eyes opened .
tr	O	I don 't go into details , but I 'm not sure why .
tr	O	Nothing matter but getting to Sasha .
tr	O	His smile was so friendly and I loved his red hair .
tr	I	Sadness comes with knowing so much , and I think it 's because he 's so smart .
tr	I	My heart was a barren wasteland cloaked in winter , and both dragons lay dead .
tr	I	She had no intention of waking Tug , but the minute he left , Claire went to the pay phone in the alcove where the restrooms were .
tr	I	It 's probably a terrible idea to even go down that road , but William has asked me for a proposal , a business proposal .
tr	I	We could move forward and Mia was calming down .
tr	O	Moving his lips down past her neck to her breast , he gently bit her pebbled nipple and she let another moan escape her mouth .
tr	O	Only one is strong enough to breech the surface and that one has a powerful seer as an ally .
tr	O	They promised to love one another forever , but tragedy tore them apart .
tr	O	Patch would be sent to hell , and I could slowly start to rebuild my life .
tr	O	She 's having complications and I 've put her on bed rest .
tr	O	He knows the city , and you know English .
tr	I	She wasn 't surprised Devlin had noticed her fatigue and the pain hadn 't gotten any better .
tr	I	Grant 's children jump out and he enters through the window .
tr	O	The door opened immediately and he could hear Samantha in the bathroom .
tr	I	The low rumble of his voice revealed the depth of his approval but there was an element of surprise .
tr	I	I knew that she was in control of her sexuality but strangely enough the same considerations could be applied to my tryst with Maria .
tr	I	I didn 't know , but it pained me to admit .
tr	O	Johnnie could , but the desire to do so was something completely different .
tr	I	Slowly I found myself standing firmly on the ground , and we found ourselves now passing into the town itself .
tr	I	The rest of her was freaked out that he 'd completely ignored her armor , but part of her reveled in it .
tr	O	She began to sweat but her face looked pale .
tr	O	You may have forgotten or you may be invaders !
tr	O	His hips thrust forward and she was instantly filled .
tr	O	Something stirred inside him , and the rage he felt for his first wife returned .
tr	I	It was too late , but I screamed .
tr	O	It was really quite gross , but it was better than being eaten .
tr	O	His whole dream had become a nightmare and he wanted to get his dream back .
tr	I	They were forced to the end of the line and the line had closed where they were standing .
tr	O	I turned the note over and I found a phone number .
tr	O	Her eyes looked tired and her hair was tangled .
tr	I	She glances at each of them and we all produce our licenses .
tr	O	I was trapped in a meeting , and by the time I could get out to phone you I knew you 'd already left for the field .
tr	O	The dog gave Mac another puppy kiss , and he laughed heartily , snuggling it close .
tr	I	He smiles when I sit down next to him , but Jack keeps staring at the lake .
tr	O	I try to make my voice strong but the words come out as a whisper .
tr	I	I cannot stop loving you either but I cannot be married to you .
tr	I	I saw nothing , but desperately I searched all three brothers for any sign that they were still alive .
tr	O	I 'm tired and I just want to find Stefan so we can leave .
tr	I	This time the little girl is faster , but he tries to steal it away again .
tr	I	My mouth filled with a brackish taste , and a rhythmic beat pounded in my ear .
tr	O	Damon 's expression turned serious and he seemed a little uneasy .
tr	O	You are my creator , but I am your master .
tr	O	Her husband had just left for the day , and I filled her vase with fresh water for the white daisies he 'd brought .
tr	I	He kept his close at hand , and smartphones were good .
tr	O	If you don 't mind I think Johnny and I should have a little talk in private .
tr	O	She grinned at me , but I could still tell she was hesitant .
tr	O	They 'd approved of her plan for saving their jobs , but that didn 't mean she was in charge of the entire operation .
tr	O	The door opened , and Nona walked in .
tr	I	As a reader you will probably re-read it to make sure you missed nothing , and a mouthful of words , I know .
tr	O	The next few rooms were empty , and the last opened out onto what had once been a warehouse floor .
tr	O	She 'd thrown down a gauntlet with her fooling around , and he was as competitive as the next guy .
tr	I	It was twenty to three when Charlie settled down to read his mystery and they lingered over their wine .
tr	I	She put a ball into it instead , and I held out my hand to shake .
tr	O	He reached out and they shook hands like friends .
tr	I	Maybe Cameron had ordered something , but she wasn 't expecting anything .
tr	I	I 'm struck by his green eyes , and he looks sidelong at me .
tr	O	I thought Iris might say something , defend her actions , but she just drove .
tr	O	He was a Hunter , the very best of the Pack , and this was the moment he had been waiting for .
tr	I	I 'm going crazy here by myself and I feel fine .
tr	I	Then it had been too late to change his story , and maybe he 'd just plain believed that he could beat this thing .
tr	O	He was a smart fighter and he knew when to run .
tr	I	Valeria quickly slid back to the ropes , but Lea knew that she would cause more damage , so she threw a right hook .
tr	O	White wings threaded with gold exploded into motion , and Thane disappeared in the air .
tr	I	Maybe I did , but I don 't think I made it up .
tr	I	He wasn 't certain why it would be , and catching the glimpse of another man in her mind had been a shock .
tr	O	His neck arched slightly but he forced his body to relax .
tr	I	I was happy and Life was pretty good .
tr	O	she shouted after him , but he was already gone .
tr	O	Ruby was hollow and I wasn 't sure how well I was going to handle all of this .
tr	O	She waited a while , but there was no movement .
tr	O	I held the baby up and Robin took him , holding him against his chest .
tr	I	All I can think is , Not again not again not again , and I thrash against them , struggling with the fabric covering my face .
tr	O	My heart is going a million miles a minute and I keep checking for any signs of the Edge .
tr	O	Hanging out with an angel might be weird in some hellish circles , but it had become pretty standard in our group .
tr	I	I knew that neither of us was going to get much sleep tonight and I could feel the desire building already .
tr	O	I wasn 't stupid and I also was innocent .
tr	O	It 's what I 'm good at and I deserve it .
tr	I	Things will be set in motion , and at that point we will announce the marriage .
tr	I	I don 't know what will happen when I throw this switch , and I don 't know why Danvers ' virus didn 't affect us .
tr	O	Madison asked Hanna more questions about herself , and Hanna made up more details .
tr	O	The witch dropped to the floor and Izzy stepped over her .
tr	I	They wouldn 't believe me , but I tried to inform them that you weren 't being harmed .
tr	O	Mines hurt , but she needed some high-dollar points .
tr	O	It 's not like she left because of me , but somehow I knew that our friendship would never be the same .
tr	O	The darkness was kind to Celia , cloaking many deficiencies but it could not hide the selfish petulance of her voice .
tr	I	She placed a smile on her face and Charlotte 's pride rose to the surface .
tr	O	Sophie 's heart had turned to ice upon hearing her mother 's words , and her father 's intoxicated touch did nothing to warm the chill .
tr	O	Now there was no question he was making fun of me , but I didn 't understand why .
tr	O	Several people around me matched my laughs as we listened to her , but she had us sweating through the laughter in no time .
tr	O	His fingers tightened reflexively against her ribs and he had to concentrate so as not to snap them .
tr	I	The residents don 't need extensive medical care , and this isn 't a nursing home .
tr	I	Richard was just weird and his dad was creepy .
tr	O	Merlin scurried from the room , but she paid him little heed .
tr	O	His energy would tip the Lycans off immediately and he 'd stir up a hornet 's nest .
tr	O	He put his face too close to the window and his breath fogged the glass .
tr	O	They had the same objective , and discord would only distract them .
tr	O	My brain was saying one thing , but my heart was saying something else .
tr	O	Fifteen minutes had passed since the start of the meeting but nothing was discussed .
tr	I	The champagne was beginning to feel good , and the color had returned to his face .
tr	O	The force of the pleasure makes me arch my back , pressing back down onto Wilder , but he feels bigger now .
tr	O	I 'd love to blame just about anybody for today 's literal misstep , but the bulk of the blame is on me .
tr	O	Sasha opened her mouth but Peterson cut her off .
tr	I	I dropped easily to my feet , sliding down his back , and he released my knees .
tr	O	His pride stung , but he 'd do right by her .
tr	O	Her lungs were burning for air and she hadn 't even realized it .
tr	O	The roar grew even louder , the cry of a twisting world 's anger , but it still couldn 't mask the screams from below .
tr	I	Flung the door shut and he clenched his jaws .
tr	O	Her eyes slashed to his in a frustrated glare but she took the drink , careful not to touch his fingers .
tr	I	She leaned back against his chest and his voice was close to her ear .
tr	I	Now , I heard them as if they were in the room with me , but I didn 't hear them before .
tr	I	Johan grabbed his shirt , pulling him closer under cover and he sprawled in the dirt .
tr	I	I cringe , slumping to the floor behind the bed and Kenji laughs .
tr	I	It was a lot of fun to have everyone at the table , and our meal was fantastic .
tr	O	Jason didn 't know it , but she was a shape-shifter of some kind .
tr	I	He hoped to be a good mate , and he 'd been a good alpha .
tr	O	I tried to ask Alex , but he didn 't know either .
tr	I	Their conversation continued as if they were the oldest of friends and Philip had chosen to sit next to John .
tr	O	It hangs at my elbow now and Knox reaches for the cup of my bra to free my breast .
tr	I	The teachers never notice , and I do that at school too .
tr	I	I froze in fear , unable to move , unable to blink , unable to breathe and he walked up to my cupboard .
tr	I	I started to back away slowly and his face grew red .
tr	I	The poor bloke pulled down his pants , but Christian should have given Duncan a hand instead of laughing .
tr	I	I just can 't say I saw someone I didn 't , but of course , they want it to be all buttoned up .
tr	I	The glow started to spread through the liquid , more concentrated in some places than others and he stirred vigorously .
tr	I	The man had gone , and Viktor blinked .
tr	I	Every airman was clear on his task and the briefing had been straightforward enough .
tr	O	They 're going to send someone to check , and I 'm sure that 's a bad thing something to avoid .
tr	I	He had the sinking feeling that his luck was running out , but maybe it was irrational , maybe he was superstitious .
tr	O	He stepped closer , and I flinched back .
tr	I	Hunter gave a few more tips to some of the guys and we spent another hour at the gym .
tr	O	He kissed me , and it felt good .
tr	I	She quickly brought me my knapsack and I motioned for Hecate .
tr	O	She says I need a daddy and you need a man .
tr	O	They sought to break him with their tortures , but he was an old man , one used to keeping secrets .
tr	I	I couldn 't do it sat on old newspapers cuddling a bath toy , and I had to save Penelope .
tr	I	It was going much too fast for that , but at first he thought it was an approaching storm .
tr	O	She said little in the car , looking out the windows at the passing traffic , and Justin didn 't want to make small talk .
tr	I	I suspected there was a strong drink in her very near future , and she lounged languidly on her couch .
tr	O	He motioned for me to get in and I tried to think of my options .
tr	O	He was dressed in a light grey suit and a strand of his dark hair fell over his forehead .
tr	I	Not to be denied and the gesture was imperious .
tr	O	There are a lot of things I probably love , but it was with her that I found true love .
tr	I	The boys shoved at me as though we were playing a game and by now all the village had woken .
tr	O	This was an easy way to break up with him , but I knew that was a cowardly way to slide out of this relationship .
tr	I	He soaked up the technology like a sponge and it was all amazing to him .
tr	I	Slung it over one shoulder and McCormick picked up a shovel .
tr	I	Her anger grew with every second and she went on to examine his wound .
tr	I	She realized she was breathing in cold air , and there was a hand on her arm suddenly .
tr	I	We both knew it and he was right .
tr	O	My stomach churned and I focused all my energy to keep from vomiting .
tr	I	It seemed so far away now , and it was all so surreal when it was happening .
tr	I	Her focus slipped even more , and she thought of Henry lost to her .
tr	O	I could have saved you some time , but you never asked me about Bowman .
tr	O	Chaste was still asleep , and I sighed with relief .
tr	I	We 're not sure exactly where it ends but we 're assuming that Flaherty is working for Callahan .
tr	I	He was right , and substitute pizza boxes .
tr	O	Ryan reached his hand out and she latched on to it .
tr	O	The airway was free of traffic , but the ground was car to car .
tr	O	He was a good kid , but still wet behind the ears .
tr	O	It 's got nothing to do with it being your land and she 's probably not even dead .
tr	I	He shook his head , but I started to get to my feet .
tr	I	Nolen had not bothered him in days , but he had grown fearful of a knock .
tr	I	I was sure it was due in part to the fact the guns on Morro were being manned and he seemed relaxed .
tr	O	I brought some apples along , and horses love apples .
tr	I	We turn , our clothing at our feet and she points behind us .
tr	O	A shot echoed and one of the zombies collapsed on the rooftop .
tr	O	When you wake up , we 'll be further along in the process and we 'll talk more then .
tr	I	I swore that his eyes looked slightly misty , and Mr. Thorne looked up from the table again .
tr	O	We 're one god light now , and that throws everything out of balance .
tr	O	Nearly every man here had bled into Tynan , and it still hadn 't been enough to save Torr .
tr	O	He gave a harsh groan against her , and his hands clenched her thighs hard , as if he 'd forgotten himself .
tr	I	He soon found that he could stand , but every part of him protested .
tr	O	They galloped for a short time , and Mat slowed them at the next corner , holding up a hand .
tr	I	I groped around until I found his hand , and hermes lay beside me .
tr	I	Yet , he came back for me ... and he said that I 'm a slave , a thing for Soul Reapers .
tr	I	Suddenly she pulled away , and he licked her lip , tasted , sucked .
tr	O	The pretzel becomes dry in my mouth and I think I might choke on it .
tr	I	I could tell easily from how he looked at me and he didn 't really love me , to be honest .
tr	O	Nobody thought to offer a wa , and they seemed blind to body language .
tr	O	I wrapped his torso in bandages , and Alice bathed him .
tr	O	Kelsey didn 't say anything , but she looked like she didn 't believe them .
tr	O	Olivia moaned at his words and he pulled his mouth away .
tr	I	Instead of his desk there was a huge dark brown oak wardrobe , and a crystal chandelier hung from the ceiling instead of a ceiling fan .
tr	I	The turbulence suddenly disappeared , and the wavering plane dropped lower between the berms .
tr	I	For now , she 's mine but her powers will return soon enough .
tr	I	We 'll meet at the inn , and I 'll give Grace a call .
tr	I	That hadn 't stopped him from almost losing his objectivity over a woman he barely knew , but it may have been cold as hell out there .
tr	O	I didn 't recognize him , but he certainly wasn 't Riley .
tr	I	Dryden , the butler , stared at her with a peculiar look of relief and as she pondered that , the door opened .
tr	O	Her arm was in a sling and the bruising on her face had faded into a sickly greenish yellow .
tr	I	The ghouls will kill everyone , and pull that trigger .
tr	I	She reached into her bag and her grips of Dante 's hair loosen .
tr	O	Most people wouldn 't think of that as a magical ability , but to be able to charm people wasn 't a small thing .
tr	O	Waller grunted and his hold loosened .
tr	O	Matt was shaking his head , and Stefan looked around the hallway .
tr	I	Everyone was in place and a few minutes passed .
tr	O	A surge of heat beneath me catches my attention , but it 's the high-pitched whine coming from the Skimmer that alarms me .
tr	I	As she moved the limb , her fingertips touched tiny wounds ... wounds that felt like teeth marks , but Della pushed the arm away .
tr	I	You never knew with these places , but I couldn 't remember seeing one .
tr	O	Dank did sing with the band but he wasn 't with them often .
tr	O	Her question catches me off guard , and I immediately try to normalize it .
tr	I	I know why he was really here , but he said he was stopping by to return the gloves I loaned Amanda .
tr	I	They didn 't support me , but my feet touched the ground .
tr	O	She is also lovely and I am a healthy man .
tr	O	This long wandering over her past was difficult to bear , but he dared not again urge her with a question .
tr	I	She was a great best friend , but CHAPTER 26 Jasmine was so green with jealousy .
tr	O	He has his own elite guard , as well as the soldiers who maintain the capital , but he 's also collecting men from around the nation .
tr	I	I could not stop it , but I recognized what was happening .
tr	O	I could tell the anger was rising behind those eyes , but I didn 't care .
tr	I	Our marriage collapsing , but we 'd gotten along like this for many years , living in quiet desperation , our kids content enough .
tr	I	His boyish grin appeared and it seemed to please him .
tr	O	He also knows the last two years have been especially hard , and he 's really helped pull me through it .
tr	O	Everyone is special and that makes for a very interesting world .
tr	I	They would find it at the police station , and there must be another answer .
tr	O	She wanted to scream but she decided against it .
tr	I	I surprised her anyway , but we didn 't really have the money for the tickets .
tr	O	Bryan pointed to a chair and Bruno sat down , reaching for the jar of hard mints which Bryan kept on his desk .
tr	I	A large room appeared , and she opened her eyes .
tr	O	she called and Howard hurried to meet her .
tr	I	The man showed no signs of stopping and he was already at six seconds .
tr	O	She knew the inquisition was coming and she needed to gather herself together before Cassie grilled her .
tr	O	He tried not to sigh but he couldn 't help himself .
tr	O	The dressing wasn 't quite as good as her own , but it was passable .
tr	I	I can 't think where I might have seen it , but however , it is vaguely familiar .
tr	O	She glanced up at the screen and at the same time she pressed her foot down on the button .
tr	O	When I picture you in his arms , I get angry enough to snap , and I do .
tr	I	Riley recognized the biggest , and there were also other wards .
tr	I	Now she would forget about it , and she 'd come through this incident safely .
tr	I	The one she was on seemed freaking huge as she tried to steady it , and she 'd never ridden a motorcycle in her life .
tr	O	Their efforts were finally rewarded and a huge shark locked onto one of the hooks .
tr	O	It all had to be ready before I go to work , and I go to work ... now .
tr	O	He remembered the begging , and how Franklin 's bladder had emptied in fear when he 'd heard the unmistakable click of a gun being cocked .
tr	I	He still glanced up at me occasionally like the animal he was , but his body was feasting more hungrily than Foot 's was .
tr	I	Her mouth dropped open and she raised her head from her instrument .
tr	I	The elegant woman looked snooty , and Janice looked a little startled .
tr	O	You do realize I could punish you where you stand for trespassing , but I find that I am in a curious mood today .
tr	O	I 'd exhausted all of my natural magic fending her off , but I still had the reserves tucked away inside my spider rune .
tr	O	There were no other cars on the road to worry about , and the little car 's front-wheel-drive tires never slipped once .
tr	I	Relief swept across his face as he glanced at the screen , and he slid his phone out of the pocket of his jeans .
tr	O	I searched the drawers for clothes , discovering that Gabe 's sister and I had similar taste .
tr	I	He 'd at least try , or he 'd talk to Scott .
tr	O	The tearing turned to loud snaps and the tree leaning over then came to land on the ground with a final loud crash .
tr	O	The farmer must plant in spring or there will be no food in the winter .
tr	O	The sword had definitely hit on point , but it hadn 't knocked him out .
tr	I	He nodded , and Recognition sparked in his dark eyes .
tr	O	By me do the fish learn to swim , the deer learn to leap , and the birds learn to fly .
tr	O	Now I am of the Mist and you are of the human plane .
tr	O	Mako placed Tabitha in her arms , and she clutched the baby against her chest as if it were her own .
tr	O	It took me four miserable hours of hard labor , but I got it done .
tr	O	We moan simultaneously once our bodies find that perfect connection , and suddenly it 's game on .
tr	I	I stumbled , tripping , and Everything was dark again .
tr	O	She 'd won and she knew it .
tr	I	We didn 't see anyone for quite a while and our closest neighbor was about a mile away .
tr	O	She was lost and she had come .
tr	I	I 'd ducked out on her more times than I could count , but Violet wouldn 't have left me alone at a party .
tr	I	He was on fire , but he 's a dragon .
tr	O	There was much more she wanted to say , but he 'd only grow unpleasant if she persisted .
tr	O	No matter what he took , he almost died and I almost wasn 't there to help him .
tr	O	The first thing I did was sweep the space with my eyes , and my arm went to my back , reaching for my gun .
tr	I	Then she was motionless , and her head hit the floor with an echoing thud .
tr	O	You 'll throw Rutledge off balance and we 'll need that .
tr	I	It was more spread out but the shanty town was probably the size of Aegis itself .
tr	O	For a moment , she wished she would have taken the later flight , but she wanted to get back early since classes resumed tomorrow .
tr	I	It upset Evie that he had no one with him , and he stared into space , his eyes fixed in terror .
tr	I	We 're all thrown physically in all directions and Electric light blasts into the aluminum tunnel wall .
tr	O	He probably knew how she felt , but it was one thing to know , another to have it declared .
tr	I	There was no royalty in America and she was half American .
tr	I	She needed to know it before he proposed , and he knew , however , that Alyssa needed to know the truth .
tr	I	The coldness to his tone scared her , but she hadn 't meant for her voice to come like a whisper .
tr	I	Her heels were high and the ottoman was low .
tr	O	Maddox peered at him and Reyes nodded .
tr	O	Reporters had practically set up camp outside her condo , and although she had never spoken to them , it didn 't matter .
tr	I	I can 't even look at him , and My Dad gets angry .
tr	I	Again to wear her hair down and he 'd told her time .
tr	O	I nodded , joined them , and we hugged .
tr	I	Her eyes dropped , shielding whatever she felt from Cole 's sight and Gemma couldn 't look at him .
tr	I	I saw the woman from earlier , and behind them came the Mohawk prisoners .
tr	O	Her eyes find me and a hopeful look crosses her face .
tr	I	My father popped into my head and I allowed my thoughts to run freely .
tr	I	That was a good thing , and Michael 's bedroom was on the first floor .
tr	O	My eyes went to Joseph for that last bit , and I smiled coldly when I saw him visibly flinch .
tr	O	His voice is too loud and I shift away from him .
tr	O	I peek over , and yes , he 's staring .
tr	I	She had a mean crick in her neck , and her ass was numb from sitting so long .
tr	I	They 'd be tardy or the first bell of the morning rang to warn students to get to class in sixty seconds .
tr	O	Unfortunately there was a larger part that felt anger , jealousy , and the longer he thought of Thomas alone with Alanna , the worse it got .
tr	O	The ledge of the cliff he would fight from was easy to find and it had a thick shield of grass that he could use for cover .
tr	I	He was waving his one free hand in dramatic gestures and his face was flushed .
tr	O	Just a few months , like the doctors said , and then maybe the medication will have worked enough to let me get that surgery .
tr	I	I knew she was right about my appearance , but I couldn 't grasp it enough to see what she was thinking .
tr	O	I love you and you love me .
tr	O	Her fears visibly melted and with a sigh he caught his love as she collapsed into his arms .
tr	O	He took the controls , but instead of trying to maneuver his way to the doors , he decided shooting their way out would be faster .
tr	O	She hadn 't been in my life for long , but I missed her .
tr	O	The guards would have a witness report but it was too circumstantial .
tr	O	I had no idea how long the cops would stay , and dragging the beast home in daylight wasn 't an option .
tr	O	She opens the drawers one by one looking for tool drawers but there 's nothing .
tr	O	He met my eyes , and I realized that he was watching me .
tr	O	There were no thoughts and there were no sounds .
tr	I	They surely aren ´ t from my world and they ´ re all like this .
tr	O	I reluctantly open them and he 's propped up on his hand , smiling at me .
tr	I	I will never be able to get those 10 years back and I lost 10 years with Jake .
tr	I	I needed to remove the pod before anyone else arrived , but Daniel , Sorry , I had to take off on you .
tr	I	That would be unkind , but dolores wanted to laugh .
tr	O	She shuffled toward a small loft window , stepping over a roommate here and a stranger there .
tr	O	I could tell that was the next question Detective Ramos wanted to ask , but she was a professional .
tr	I	It was kind of funny to watch his face as he ate and Ryder was the only one who hadn 't yet sampled what Sloane could cook .
tr	O	So there 's no spark , but you were totally friends before , right ?
tr	I	It wouldn 't be cool , but he understood the impulse that drove Nick to want to plant his fist in the preppy men 's faces .
tr	O	She blew out a breath , but he knew she was laughing .
tr	I	I hold him back , but Tobias is about to open the exit door .
tr	O	I tried to watch the movie , but I kept catching myself looking at him instead .
tr	I	There 's no better hill to die on than this one , and eventually I 'm going to have to shut her down .
tr	O	I 'm twenty-three years old , and I 'm a Zumba instructor .
tr	O	He was a snarling , clawing animal now - and she was fighting him .
tr	I	His heart wasn 't really in it either , but Simon suggested .
tr	I	Overall , I felt relieved , but my heart was still pounding .
tr	I	Then she went still , and tremors wracked her from head to foot for several minutes .
tr	O	They wanted to move her ahead another year , but she didn 't want to leave her friends .
tr	O	Newton 's face turned purple with annoyance , but he controlled it .
tr	O	Ludicrous was the word that came to Clyde as he considered this preposterous find , or laughable might be the right word .
tr	I	Her frantic gaze immediately found Mark and she pushed through the door to Lounge B .
tr	O	He goes to a recess , and from there observes the group .
tr	I	He looked as livid as Agent Vargas , and his arms were crossed over his chest .
tr	I	I did not afford her the level of attention she was demanding of me , but she was correct .
tr	I	It dawns on him that I 've taken what he said out of context and he laughs when he sees the hesitation on my face .
tr	I	I felt more than my share of crazy , and I knew I looked terrible .
tr	O	I practiced so hard , but I just wasn 't good enough to make it .
tr	O	I remembered my first fight went on a lot longer , and there were more tricks used to try to defeat me .
tr	I	The scuttlebutt collected from around the harbor since the second , and all talk was of the third race .
tr	O	The wars are ever more horrific and country after country has fallen to them .
tr	O	He 's looking , but he can 't see us .
tr	O	I 'd offered to knit a poncho for Casey but she 'd rejected the idea .
tr	I	I hadn 't yet grown accustomed to it , but I 'd come to expect the uncontrolled response .
tr	O	I was on a bed , or it felt like it at least .
tr	I	In this instance it looks like her hair is curling around in the air but it would be fine .
tr	I	He shook his head , pulling her suddenly into his lap , but she held one up in front of his lips .
tr	O	She pressed the button for our floor and we got out of the elevator .
tr	O	He was about to say something and his mom started walking down the stairs .
tr	O	Delia nudged her , and she closed it .
tr	O	I still didn 't know why , but I wasn 't surprised anymore .
tr	O	The floorboards creaked as I stepped on them , but it was the only sound in the house .
tr	O	It had seemed like hours , but maybe it had been only minutes .
tr	O	Em wants to drive by the house , and she wants us to go with her .
tr	I	Those girls will never get the sauce seasoned properly , or I 'll have to go down to the kitchen to supervise .
tr	I	She was gone , and Spellbound , Shotgun watched her jiggle out , turn onto the sidewalk .
tr	O	Off the top of my head I didn 't know how long it was until her next resurrection , but it couldn 't come soon enough .
tr	O	Callum ordered Jack to put the ship in orbit around Charon and he did so , almost effortlessly .
tr	I	Eventually , she found what she was looking for , but it took her a moment to get in the right position .
tr	O	A shiver runs up my spine , and I know , without looking , that Ethan has entered the cafeteria .
tr	I	His jaw relaxed and his eyes widened .
tr	O	' Thanks , Sean , but I 'd like to skip the formalities .
tr	I	The great fire went off poof , and just at that moment all the lights in the cavern went out !
tr	O	The doorbell rang and she went to answer it .
tr	I	Hannah smiled shyly back , and his gaze pierced hers .
tr	O	She shouldn 't look stunning in red but she did .
tr	I	I don 't think I should bring it up right now , and it has probably never occurred to him that he might have a sister .
tr	O	My father prevented Parker from staying at the hospital with me , and then he checked me out overnight .
tr	I	Cindi wanted to talk to me in the back and I went into work .
tr	I	She hoped he could feel her hatred blazing out at him , and he looked surprised by her appearance .
tr	I	I took a handful , and mom pushed the napkin holder closer .
tr	I	Her fingers were trembling , and she ran her hand over his chest in a stroking caress .
tr	O	I protect what is mine , and you 've proven yourself well .
tr	O	The whole family must have gone through hell , and yet they 'd all continued to tiptoe around her .
tr	O	There are still too many ideas , but she is working to get them out as fast as she can .
tr	I	Please do not cross blades with us , but I don 't expect you to join .
tr	O	she demanded in that rich voice of hers , and things went rapidly downhill from there .
tr	I	I still had to contend with physics , but I might be immortal .
tr	I	Most were just drinking , but a few people ate .
tr	O	He tugged open the large tin door and both men dove headfirst into the pitch-black chute .
tr	O	Zoey ran towards the doors , and the fire horse 's hooves echoed behind her .
tr	I	God only knew which ones , but true , he bore some of Nellie 's genes .
tr	O	I want all of Ethan , and I want him now .
tr	O	He had me and he knew it .
tr	I	I think she 's safe for at least another week , but I 'm not going to make any long term predictions .
tr	I	I could never understand it and she loved both of us equally .
tr	O	The gravestones glowed like ancient faces under the starlight and the sound of the river fell away .
tr	I	Right now he was feeling somewhat territorial over Marissa , but normally Eric would relish the chance to visit with his older brother .
tr	O	If it happened again , she 'd talk to Holiday , but for now , she was flying solo on this mission .
tr	O	His weak legs seemed almost to buckle as he carefully put his weight on them , and he held onto his saddle for support .
tr	O	I give him a small grin and his eyes meet mine .
tr	I	I want to die and my cheeks flare .
tr	I	That didn 't change just because she had disappeared , and his intention had always been to make a good life for them .
tr	I	He tried not to hesitate between spoonfuls , but he couldn 't bring himself to smile .
tr	O	Her lips clamped shut and she silenced immediately .
tr	O	Marvin back in Wells had done an excellent job , but they still had a long way to travel .
tr	I	Then she attacked without uttering a word , and she protected her face with her sword , pushing him away from her with both hands .
tr	O	My party mood has disappeared and someone is waiting for me .
tr	I	They would notice the difference from other sources or I can 't change it to much .
tr	O	He extended a gloved hand , and Jason shook it , the firmness of the grip catching him by surprise .
tr	I	She might , but she didn 't say she 'd go .
tr	I	She was right , but Sunny sounded nervous .
tr	I	The other pack members fell in behind him , and he eased into the parking lot .
tr	O	He couldn 't cook much , but if his mom had to work late , he 'd make dinner sometimes .
tr	O	He heard footsteps approaching from the ship 's forward and his personal secretary entered the salon .
tr	O	I pretended that I was okay and I hoped that everyone believed my performance .
tr	O	He kicked the door closed and I tried to jump free .
tr	I	His anger with her was lost to another punch of arousal , and Nicola 's sweet perfume wafted around him .
tr	I	The odds were mostly unchanged , but the soldier 's numbers were much fewer than the start .
tr	I	To protect his anonymity , and he had paid ten thousand pounds for this journey .
tr	I	Belle was in the front of his mind , but he didn 't want to arouse suspicions again .
tr	O	She felt enticed rather than coerced , and his taste was filling her senses .
tr	I	He didn 't sound like one , but he 'd called himself a vagrant .
tr	I	Jason could see ice crystals glistening in it and her hair hung in damp clumps across her face .
tr	O	He didn 't like that , but he got used to it .
tr	O	He obviously tried to make Diego look away , but Diego was getting a little tired of this game .
tr	O	Ever since I heard about the kid , I 've had a bitter , stark feeling , and it 's not getting better .
tr	O	She 'd curled up on her side in an effort to stay warm and David covered her with a thin survival blanket he pulled from his pack .
tr	O	The smart retort was on the tip of my tongue but I kept it there .
tr	I	Lavender whimpered , and he wasn 't wearing his mask , which was a pity because his face was contorted with rage .
tr	I	They approached England far too quickly , but there had been a silent agreement between them to live only in the moment .
tr	O	She wanted to let her sister know she was in love , but she wouldn 't dare bring up that she was in love with a vampire .
tr	I	Waited , and watched .
tr	O	It was great to see them , but if they were here , my grandfather was down two guardians .
tr	O	She was still far more careful than most people , but she had lost so much .
tr	O	They 'll ask about the night and we 'll show them pictures .
tr	O	It was relieved when Kate finally changed the subject , but this was another subject I was no good at .
tr	I	It led outside , and a door was hidden in the far corner .
tr	I	A shiver of fear went down her spine , and even while lying down , he commanded awe .
tr	O	He pulled away slowly , carefully , but she still winced from the loss .
tr	I	I accept it as a terrible phase I had to go through , but I know it sounds cavalier to admit that .
tr	I	It was the man 's eyes that stunned him into inaction , but the crown was familiar , somehow .
tr	I	I have to duck as quickly as I can , and one of them whirls his arm in frustration .
tr	I	I would welcome the switch , and Maggie is the opposite .
tr	I	After she told me what she did , I liked her even more , but I 'd liked her immediately .
tr	I	I would be better tomorrow and I was okay .
tr	O	He fought the magick that had bound him and soon he felt his body start to ripple with life .
tr	I	The whole village knows about Art 's biting habits , but of course , she 'd rather not be bitten .
tr	O	Subtract those years , and she 'd no older than any of us .
tr	I	He ducked back behind the frame , and a bullet was fired towards him .
tr	O	I try to pull my arm loose , but his bulky fingers refuse to let go .
tr	I	I was moved to some kind of gurney , and after only a few rooms we stopped .
tr	I	It was fevered and it was hot .
tr	O	His words seemed to ease her nervousness and she sipped her coffee again without trembling .
tr	O	I realize you 'd never be my slave again , but we could become so much more as a couple .
tr	I	She was aware of someone leaning close , and she heard footsteps next to her bed .
tr	O	She could feel a sob rising and she could not let it escape .
tr	O	Jason arrived to escort her to the church , and her future sisters-in-law shooed him away .
tr	O	Mateo looked furious as he turned to her , but when their eyes met , his expression softened .
tr	O	The breath was knocked from my lungs when I slammed into something solid and I swung my arms out , ready to defend myself .
tr	I	There they were , in Vegas , at the same time as me and I hadn 't seen either of them for about a year .
tr	I	Four less than the most he could fire here , and he fired the most he could fire in Kuwait City .
tr	O	Across the cabin of the plane the attendant coughed nervously , and then Julia heard the sound of the cockpit door opening .
tr	O	I sensed that I existed in the space between space , and it was a concept that was difficult for me to understand .
tr	I	She came out to greet him and catching her at the window , he waved .
tr	I	I could feel my skin knitting itself back together , and her ebbing light found its way into my body .
tr	I	His arms wouldn 't move , but he tried to touch it with his hands , to feel the shiny .
tr	O	She wet her lips , and his eyes focused on her mouth .
tr	O	Callum was resisting dealing with me on official terms , and I wasn 't sure why .
tr	I	His jawline suddenly firmed , and then he nodded once .
tr	I	He doesn 't respond , but his jaw muscle twitches .
tr	I	Riley 's lives before they moved to the cave by the lake , and June wants to hear about Will , Oliver .
tr	I	I didn 't have time to analyze , and I had no idea what it meant .
tr	O	In some parts of the world they may be considered a delicacy , but she could not bring herself to try them .
tr	I	He was that great , but she knew she was grinning at him like a fool .
tr	O	Her heart was pounding , and her insides again moved uncomfortably .
tr	I	The resulting sound was terrifying , and Anna choked back another scream , scared to death he would get near her .
tr	O	His face felt warm and he had trouble speaking .
tr	I	They had to release their grip and she took one more step back .
tr	O	She rolled her eyes , and then her brows rose .
tr	I	I wondered at the power source and I couldn 't hear a generator running .
tr	I	At once the two guards stood inside took hold of her arms and she took one step forward .
tr	O	Avalon read my thought and I heard him grunt audibly behind me .
tr	I	They stepped out and the doors opened .
tr	I	He threw the ball and I ran as fast as I could .
tr	I	I always have been , and I 'm a go-getter .
tr	O	She didn 't want to leave , and he didn 't want to stay .
tr	O	They would feed her even more , and she could take it so easily from them .
tr	I	I braced myself for a fight , and my hands bal ed into fists .
tr	I	She gave me a slight nod and I threw a glance in Melissa 's direction .
tr	I	His glasses fall to the ground , and his head knocks against the side of the gate wall .
tr	I	He sat up and the blanket that had been completely covering Will 's face came down .
tr	O	He seemed to be following his own schedule to reveal information to me , and it was excruciating .
tr	O	Ransom could not see his own wounds but he seemed to be covered with blood .
tr	O	Her eyes held mine , and for a few moments , I was suspended in that amber gaze .
tr	I	I refused to turn away from him , but he loosened his hold on my face .
tr	I	There was something distinctly off now , but his face hadn 't changed in the thousands of years that Will knew him .
tr	O	Her muscles were like steel under her soft coat , and her big paws were twitching to bat someone silly .
tr	O	Her head was pounding , and she was seeing double .
tr	I	Cold hand landed hard on the back of my neck and I was dragged to the middle of the room .
tr	I	Her gray hair was neatly pulled into a bun , and Aunt Maya was wearing one of her nicer dresses .
tr	O	I asked shyly , and she smiled at me , nodding .
tr	O	I lay awake for at least forty-five minutes , and then I found myself settling back into sleep .
tr	I	He 's trying to blackmail Bandini and he copied all the financial files - the real ones - onto a flash drive .
tr	O	I was here because Jack wanted me here and no secretary was going to stop me .
tr	O	I was never going to like her -- but I could use her .
tr	O	She had started out as a reporter , but she was not a very good writer .
tr	O	Ann frowned , and Gerald gave her a pointed look .
tr	O	The words were encased by a thick , grim shell , yet still her voice stroked over him .
tr	I	We have been trained to see ethical purpose in life and we are middle class people .
tr	O	I didn 't speak to him for the rest of the day , and fortunately , business picked up quite a bit in the afternoon .
tr	O	She couldn 't remember and the effort to remember was causing more pain to slash through her head .
tr	O	The Initiate had often questioned why these figures lining the castle hallway moved her so but evidence had brought understanding .
tr	O	I will have your reference sent on to you , and Manning will have your wages at the door when you leave .
tr	O	Don 't get me wrong , it guts me to think of you with Wes but I get it .
tr	I	I blinked up at him and Bryce whispered in my ear .
tr	I	Errol became quite enthusiastic but things were getting complicated .
tr	O	That may sound like a lot , but in cosmic terms it 's really in our backyard .
tr	O	A nurse walked by , and Eddie winked at her .
tr	O	I didn 't think he 'd been on the island when Poseidon had pitched a fit , but I didn 't know .
tr	O	We watched each other , and I knew we were sharing the same terrible thought .
tr	O	The Shadow Men could stare all they wanted , but they wouldn 't get near Summer .
tr	I	Her hair was wet , but I hadn 't noticed before , I was just too glad to see her .
tr	I	Brent 's life was hanging on the line , and a clock was ticking after all .
tr	O	Mom was at work at the library and Dad was in the fields .
tr	I	I knew how horrible it was , and I 'd felt that way before .
tr	O	Brady slid forward into her and she groaned into his mouth .
tr	O	It was the truth , and it made a sick feeling swell inside of her .
tr	I	His wounded look eventually turned into a loving one , and once he was all wrapped up , I gently kissed his finger .
tr	I	His hand darts out to clamp around my wrist , but then I 'm turning away from him , determined to start back down the mountain .
tr	I	Nobody dared ask , but the energy in the room tensed as everyone yearned for the question answered .
tr	I	The others followed in a wedge , and it rocketed vertically from the surface .
tr	I	Out we went and he nodded .
tr	O	You 'll know it , but you won 't be able to prove it .
tr	O	Her heart was beating out of her chest , but she tried to keep her face emotionless .
tr	O	I wanted to know who the father was , and I could know here with the ring , inside faerie .
tr	I	Icy sparks flew as the blades screeched against each other , and Ash brought his weapon up .
tr	O	It was Monday morning , and against my better judgment I 'd spent Sunday night at Colin 's place .
tr	O	I knew that , but I couldn 't .
tr	O	Sure , I have Alex but that could only be because of the star .
tr	I	Gwen wished she could take it back and that last bit came out defensive .
tr	O	The lines leading from his shackled legs to his arms shortened suddenly , and Edgar was jerked off his feet .
tr	O	We were screwed , and there was simply no other way to say it .
tr	O	I enter my grandmother 's house and it just doesn 't feel right .
tr	O	First , he demanded that Laura be pulled up first , but they ignored him .
tr	I	Yet there was no sign of the exit and we had been running for a long time .
tr	O	He nodded and she continued .
tr	I	He hoped maybe she would come too , but he knew Stephanie would be a problem .
tr	I	I can 't keep my hands off him , and we meet at a crappy Thai diner .
tr	I	Paul thanked him again for arranging to see them on such short notice and he opened the door for them .
tr	O	It 's really close to winter and this is my last option !
tr	O	She most certainly wasn 't the same girl that had been taken from the woods , and they blamed the prince for that .
tr	I	Not what she 'd expected , but at last she got a response .
tr	I	I couldn 't figure him out , but there were times he seemed off .
tr	O	Maybe I was drunk , or maybe I was drugged .
tr	O	Sometimes when it 's quiet , my mind wanders to the possibility of having lost her , and what I would have done .
tr	O	It was only a couple of flights down to Sullivan 's office and Julie 's .
tr	O	I grab his sleeve and he finally notices me .
tr	I	He licked his lips nervously and his mouth seemed over dry .
tr	I	This time had his own set as well , but Keating not only had his own camera again .
tr	O	The horses shrieked and the fire roared .
tr	I	He knew who it was without turning around , but Buzz ' mouth fell open in surprise .
tr	I	Vlad entered through them , nodding at the men who bowed to him as he passed and two huge double doors opened .
tr	I	She returned the kiss with equal fervor and all the while , his mouth devoured hers .
tr	I	I told her I was sure he would , and Arlene asked me if I thought that handsome Dennis Pettibone would be coming by .
tr	I	Cain shoved them back down , but hidden dreams tried to bubble to the surface .
tr	I	It reached the ears of someone else , and News traveled fast of Lea leaving Alonso 's gym .
tr	O	Patrice wanted to ask him if there was an affair , get it over with , but something in Bill 's face made her stop .
tr	I	I felt the spray in my face as it splashed in , and another rush of water poured between the rocks .
tr	I	Tons of comments instantly appeared and I sent the tweet out .
tr	I	Kira watched me , but the rest of the girls were cheering from the line .
tr	I	He never could , but the desire to know .
tr	I	Their light silvered the skin of the waiting spacecraft , and two moons hung almost overhead by now .
tr	I	Now they 're using them , and someone 's heard the details .
tr	O	His nails dug into my skin , but I don 't think he noticed .
tr	O	Nick had been asking himself that for the last fifty-nine minutes , but he didn 't like hearing the question coming from his brother .
tr	I	I 'm single and I 'm exciting .
tr	I	There was more to it than that , but the Trojans were certainly doing them honour .
tr	O	He knew he couldn 't allow them to take cover in the opposite ditch , or he would be pinned down .
tr	O	I slapped him on the arm , but I didn 't mind the cheeky smile .
tr	O	Chase opened his mouth to protest his innocence , and I pushed him into the wall again .
tr	O	I had lived my life entire life in secrecy , and for once , I wanted to share myself with someone .
tr	I	The Coven 's laws were their own but the adults were all free to leave to shop like normal people .
tr	O	The Cyclops glanced at me like he was about to rebel again , but after an arch of my brow , he reconsidered .
tr	O	Kaspar raised his glass and I was sure I heard him mumble ' you couldn 't , Charity ' into it .
tr	I	He pulled her to his side , but she shifted to do just that .
tr	I	Her body too responsive , and his skin was too hot .
tr	I	He 'd been fully justified , but true , he 'd long ago sparked her ire by hauling her butt out of that rough-and-tumble bar .
tr	O	There was already a car in the lot at Seasons and he glanced at his watch to make sure it wasn 't later than he thought .
tr	O	I felt terribly inadequate to console her , and yet I knew I had to try .
tr	O	The dancing continued , and she watched with interest for a time .
tr	O	Her smile grew shy and she ducked her head .
tr	I	I 'm counting my blessings , but I can 't believe I still have a job after missing work for weeks .
tr	I	Her voice crackled like burning embers but she tried to clear her throat .
tr	I	Their little Sam was safe and a miracle had been performed .
tr	I	They hit if off right away and Charles Knightly III was a fairly good pool player .
tr	I	He broke that theory every single time his lips turned upwards , yet I always thought dimples were only cute on babies .
tr	O	It would be a long road back , but she was strong , dragging him from the black emptiness of his bestial nature with her trust .
tr	I	Her neck was splotchy and her face was flushed .
tr	I	I closed my eyes , relaxing into his grip , and he put his arm around me .
tr	O	Our rooms are ready and the children quickly enter dreamland after their long , exhausting day .
tr	O	I pushed at them and they obeyed me willingly .
tr	O	The back door of the sanctuary opened and Lisa walked in holding Chris ' hand .
tr	I	Now I knew how undeserving I was , but I 'd already figured this out .
tr	O	Clary thought , but her heart sank .
tr	I	Lila walks out cringing and the bathroom door opens .
tr	O	He stood and I could see blood welling around the tack .
tr	I	He backed off slightly , although not without effort and he seemed to sense what she was trying to tell him .
tr	I	She knew they would pay for them one day , and they had both made bad calls in the past .
tr	O	She looked at him , but he did not say anything .
tr	I	The sky was the color of ash , and rain was coming down in buckets outside .
tr	I	I was instructed to sit in the back seat and there was a car waiting for us above ground .
tr	O	Zane 's throat was too tight to swallow past , and his next breath came out a choked sob .
tr	O	He could remember the way the sweat had felt on his naked chest when he lay in the dusty room and they brought the potion to him .
tr	O	You 're telling me that someone hired you to follow me around the country , and you have no idea who that person is ?
tr	I	I appreciated the support and Clare 's hand found mine under the table at the mention of my father .
tr	I	It rang constantly , without a voicemail , and the phone number was all we had .
tr	O	No , to really make it , they had to become modern-day farmers , and the New Mexico high country wasn 't the place for that .
tr	O	All of this , for what seemed like no apparent reason at the time , but now Colin thought it was to warn him .
tr	O	His mother had died when he 'd been very young , and he 'd become quite comfortable living with only his father .
tr	I	Nia stumbled in and the door opened .
tr	I	To this day she cannot understand what possesses her , but over time the resentment for her mother has worn off .
tr	I	Not getting his hands dirty , but apparently signing a delivery note was beneath Mithras .
tr	I	The howling could have been coming from something just ahead of them and by the time they reached the third hill the winds were gusty .
tr	I	She did , but she didn 't know how she knew these things .
tr	I	Then he lurched forward , and he looked to John .
tr	O	He tried to climb on top of her , but Abbey used her legs to push him away .
tr	I	The liquid shot up his nose , but Viktor tried to drink from a glass of water .
tr	I	Just looking at them was like looking at the stars , and they were variety of colors , glowing in the dark .
tr	O	He would be ready if the bus managed to make it through the storm , and the regular maid would be over her bout of flu soon .
tr	O	Mad Dog started to extract his hand , but Jake couldn 't let go .
tr	O	It 's because of you that she stayed , and it 's because of you that she 's gone .
tr	I	Matilda didn 't offer to help and no one had talked to Enrico yet .
tr	O	I didn 't really care what the media thought , but Hunter would freak out .
tr	I	I looked out the window so he couldn 't see the tears in my eyes and my voice was tight .
tr	O	one of the soldiers asks , but his voice sounds far away .
tr	I	The alarm was going off in fifteen minutes for our run , and I didn 't want to wake him because he looked so peaceful sleeping .
tr	O	He replied to several more questions but they only took a few moments .
tr	O	There was a round of sighs from the girls , but Caleb frowned .
tr	I	His voice softened , but he still had a guarded look on his face .
tr	O	The cell phone signal came to life and she hit redial .
tr	I	As I stand , I see that the sun has touched the grass a vivid green , and seagulls are calling outside .
tr	O	I 'd never seen him at a loss like this before , and it broke every good thing inside me .
tr	I	Sudden panic hit me , and I wiped my sweaty palms on my pants .
tr	I	Cindy wasn 't convinced , but his words sounded similar to Joni 's logic .
tr	O	As soon as they stepped onto the top step , the front door opened and a man was standing there , smiling .
tr	O	he said , and I nodded .
tr	O	You did not do so this morning , and we have the night ahead of us .
tr	I	Some people aren 't going to understand them , and Mr. Winkler , I have decisions to make .
tr	I	He began to get an erection , and he thought about making love to that wonderful young body .
tr	I	I wracked my brain over how to get to it without making a sound , and there was a door only a few feet away .
tr	O	Ethan is beside him and when he glances inside the car , he winds around the front , heading toward Lila 's side .
tr	I	Justus had agreed , and she had wanted to get here early .
tr	O	She 'd explained her feelings , but Peter had held firm .
tr	O	A low growl came from him , and this time , Bri didn 't bother to stay .
tr	I	He looked down and his face fell away from me .
tr	I	He only needed three steps before coming to a halt , and his boots hit the gravel with the lightest of touches .
tr	I	The blood blisters , on her feet weren 't as bad and their sole were thinner .
tr	I	It didn 't matter anyway , but silently I shook my head .
tr	O	He didn 't look happy with her answer , but she couldn 't help that .
tr	I	Our relationship is tenuous at best and your kind cause endless troubles for us .
tr	O	Pepe didn 't know who really killed Peeper , but he would want no truck with the law .
tr	O	He was holding his breath , and as Zane 's eyes adjusted to the dark , he could see Ty trembling .
tr	O	It was hot out , and the inside of Brandon 's truck was like a million degrees .
tr	I	We both laughed and I spoke in my best Southern accent .
tr	I	It must have gone down the wrong way , because she immediately began to cough , but she was swallowing when he told her about his job .
tr	O	Not enough justice for them , I think , but it will have to do .
tr	O	It was a bit big , but it would do .
tr	O	Chapter 16 Wednesday morning soon arrived and because it was an in-service day , there was no school .
tr	I	I wanted more and I felt free .
tr	I	The whole ship would go up in flames when the additional oxygen reached the fire , and the timer on the oxygen would be set shortly after .
tr	I	She heard a reply , and the humming noise stopped .
tr	O	My brother might not care about protecting himself , but I sure as hell care about protecting him .
tr	O	He didn 't want to feel another sting of guilt , but how the hell could he avoid it ?
tr	I	She ignored him , but Vittorio warned her .
tr	I	She would buckle , and Mark would persist .
tr	I	I had the distinct feeling that I was being watched from the shadows , but I didn 't see anything .
tr	O	I felt hands on both arms , and one pair cupping my head .
tr	O	It was more like a half a walnut , and the color wasn 't so bad , either .
tr	O	However she did show some signs of sickness , and it became difficult for her to marry .
tr	O	It wasn 't too much longer that the band did filter in , and I swear my heart skipped a beat when I saw him .
tr	O	The deep emotional hurt that Kylie saw in his eyes chased away her own bad mood and she started to worry about him .
tr	O	He stepped neatly to one side to let her through , but she settled for flicking Nicky a murderous look .
tr	I	She leaned back into his chest and Liam had his arm around Lorelei .
tr	O	I asked , but no one answered .
tr	O	I watched as Bryce took the dog carrier and she leaned on him for support as they made their way back to the SUV .
tr	O	Call me old-fashioned , but I need more .
tr	O	Daniel 's begging him not to tell his parents and his uncle keeps screaming at him .
tr	I	She was invisible , and Time had passed .
tr	I	You get my drift but not quite Bruno 's exact words .
tr	I	Planning was begun , and without discussion it was accepted that they would do as Betty had commanded .
tr	O	I was not in a good place right now , but maybe one day I would feel ready for something more .
tr	I	His mouth dropped open with surprise and his eyes widened .
tr	O	Raphael went inside and Calvin heaved the amp out from his dad 's car .
tr	I	His assertion that he had things in hand didn 't lower my stress level by much , and we 'd left things on a strange note .
tr	I	Her eyes met briefly with Case 's before averting them and she nodded at Father Quinn .
tr	I	It took a few moments for his eyes to adjust to the dim light provided by the moon overhead and it was now dark outside .
tr	I	I had always thought he knew why I was doing that , that my feelings were obvious , but I suppose that was true .
tr	I	She lifted her eyelashes so she could meet his gaze and naked to the waist , he knelt beside the tub .
tr	O	The pilot scrambled to open the hatch , and surprisingly cold air washed down on them .
tr	I	I wondered what they were talking about and his lips lifted to a genuine smile .
tr	I	I felt as if all the energy in me was going to erupt and the anger flared instantly .
tr	O	His ribs hurt like hell , but he couldn 't stop .
tr	I	That report needs to be done by tonight , and she needs to get ready for next week .
tr	I	There was no boy yet , and ten minutes had passed after the predetermined hour !
tr	O	A guard leveled a weapon at him , but he kept shielded behind Lisa 's body .
tr	I	He didn 't want her to be achy , but he didn 't want to disturb this perfect picture .
tr	I	It still looked like we had some time before the rain would hit , but the sky was dark .
tr	I	He changed his mind , but for a moment he seemed about to add something else .
tr	O	Yes , I had unfinished business with Paul , but while I contemplated my apology he disappeared .
tr	O	Rachel had assured her she was fine , but she hadn 't shared the fact she was having twins .
tr	O	They sat in the shade of a cluster of trees and he gulped down as much water as he could to cool his body .
tr	O	He sank into her and they groaned in unison .
tr	O	It was currently not a problem , but very soon it would become obvious .
tr	O	I knew I was making this hard on him but I didn 't want him to go away .
tr	I	Anything could happen to end that safety , but you may think I 'm safe here .
tr	I	I certainly wasn 't going to take the freaking bus to school , and I 'd earned that truck .
tr	O	Art heads towards a gap in the glowing blocks and I glide after him .
tr	I	I came around back to help her , and Isabel returned .
tr	I	There was hardly anyone to be seen and the area lost its crowd now .
tr	I	I was just hunting information and she was ready for action .
tr	O	My heart beat faster but I slowed my breathing .
tr	O	She waited for him to continue with his list but he stopped .
tr	O	It seemed like a long time ago , but she did recall having the thought .
tr	O	The hair was jet black , straight , and lacquered into a complex topknot .
tr	I	I spent a lot of time studying from the scrolls that were there , and there was a martial arts studio in my village .
tr	I	Sally went back to the cooker where she fixed him a sandwich and Keith came back into the room .
tr	O	One page was marked with a Post-it , and I flipped to it .
tr	O	My stomach drops and I feel sick .
tr	O	I felt weak under his consuming stare , but I didn 't close my eyes .
tr	I	He 'd never know and I 'd never tell him .
tr	I	Something occurred to her , but Elana patted her father 's hands .
tr	O	I wasn 't the jealous type , but he knew my history with Marcie .
tr	O	She was completely awake and kissing him back .
tr	O	His gaze flitted to me and his smile faded .
tr	I	She sighed in contentment and he massaged her skin .
tr	O	He disappears past the doorway and I slide off my stool .
tr	I	The vision left painful footprints on her heart , and she envisioned the two girls who 'd been killed .
tr	O	Now Donna getting a bit angular about her relationship with him , but concealing her hurt except for the sharp tone in her voice .
tr	I	Most were Greek , but the name suggested Italian .
tr	I	I ignored him , but Archer stepped closer to me .
tr	O	Shana suspected that his concern was all for show , but none of that mattered now .
tr	I	Their gods protected them with a fierceness bordering on rabid and the dragons had their own gods .
tr	O	I had hoped that would be that , but he continued to talk on .
tr	O	Your long-term marketing is no good , and your plan is doomed to failure .
tr	I	The dread just kept building , but I knew he meant them .
tr	I	The other seems to not be around much and they look like happy well-adjusted kids , even if one parent is missing from their life .
tr	O	He 's not there , but the blood has cleared away .
tr	I	It is of the Council I must tell you and he had been planning manoeuvres which would have the Great Council at its centre .
tr	O	I hear shouting up ahead , and glass shattering on the pavement .
tr	I	Arthur looked down , flushing red , and I raised my eyebrows very slightly .
tr	I	I guess it 's the kind of thing a cameraman picks up on , but I didn 't notice this .
tr	O	The peak that concerned her most was still easily visible , but now it was to the northwest .
tr	O	The ground had become the white level field she dreaded and she bent forward to see the edge of the road .
tr	O	He was beautiful , and he knew it .
tr	I	I ran my hand along the wall the whole time , letting me know where the corners were but it was incredibly dark .
tr	I	I couldn 't manage it , but I tried to keep my voice calm .
tr	O	I walked to unlock the door and Jason came to stand next to me , first in line to go inside .
tr	I	She waved me off , stubborn as ever , but I reached out to help her .
tr	O	I knew I must have been grinning like an idiot as heat crept into my cheeks , but I didn 't care .
tr	O	She was exhausted and her mind was spinning from all the things she had learned from Michelle today .
tr	O	The buff man handed the lovely woman a refreshing bottle of cool , mountain spring water and they collapsed together under the only tree for miles around .
tr	I	This time he didn 't surprise her , but she waited for him to say more .
tr	I	He was still alive but there was a cut on his head , where Arn had struck him .
tr	I	We have to come back and we get beat halfway across the swamp .
tr	I	It 's wrong and it thinks it can stop you .
tr	I	Here I am and I went to sleep .
tr	I	You men can go back to what you were doing and Nanny can take care of the patient while I 'm gone .
tr	I	I was going home , but I looked like a tourist 's nightmare .
tr	I	He also had the advantage of Irene 's prior commitment to Christian faith , but Rayford had Chloe 's qualified endorsement .
tr	I	I said nothing , but he was rambling .
tr	O	I turned to see who had spoken and my heart jumped a little in my chest .
tr	O	He saw nothing ; but how else could she have gotten here , save hiring a coach ?
tr	O	We continued to chat as she drove , and I found myself easily enjoying her company .
tr	O	Brian would not be healed and it was all her fault .
tr	O	He was a legend and there were dozens of stories about him floating around town .
tr	I	He welcomed it as little by little the pain went away but feeling the hand in truth did little for Star Power .
tr	O	We walked to the carport and I slipped the keys into my candy apple red Honda .
tr	O	From where I was sitting I couldn 't even see the guy , but it seemed he was in front of the limo crossing the street .
tr	O	The country 's support for you is still soft , and Day 's alliance with you is hesitant at best .
tr	O	The shadows were growing longer , but they didn 't worry her .
tr	I	You could study at the same time , and it could be of interest for you to look at what we are doing .
tr	I	She forgot all about pushing him away , and his mouth found hers again .
tr	I	She didn 't know why but Sheridan sensed something strange behind that statement .
tr	O	I step away from him and my mind feels muddled .
tr	I	My mind shuts off and I feel the rage bubble up inside me .
tr	O	A pool of her own blood seeps onto the ground beside her , and the wolf 's curved claws rest in the thick , crimson puddle .
tr	O	He wanted to get up , but he was no longer capable of that .
tr	I	Maybe obsessive Gods are as well , and obsessive people are like that .
tr	O	A quizzical finger was raised that suggested something had come to mind , but he had no interest in explaining anything just yet .
tr	O	A car door swung open , and a shadowy figure came closer .
tr	I	Cora ignored every mention of it , but he continued to hint about marriage .
tr	O	His lips moved to my neck , and I leaned my head back to give him better access .
tr	I	Chase is ducking his head with each sound of gunfire and russian soldiers are firing rifles indiscriminately .
tr	O	The white stone of the balustrade had worn smooth with age and the frescoes of heroes had faded like a long forgotten dream .
tr	O	She turned to leave , but Abby rushed to block her way .
tr	I	I still love him , but he might be against what I want .
tr	I	At the last moment , she changed her mind , but she walked around the garage to get her motorcycle .
tr	I	He sat in the tub instead of standing , and we slowly made our way to the shower .
tr	I	She has a head injury , but I don 't know about the extent .
tr	O	He shrugged as if it didn 't bother him , but the slight tension in his voice belied the truth .
tr	O	Hal laughed as he tossed a bit of silver through the air , and it landed with an ominous jingle next to her .
tr	I	He blinks a few times to shake off sleep , and his eyes pan across the rolling land below us .
tr	I	Concern showed on their faces , and they were out of breath .
tr	I	He included himself in his rage , and he himself hadn 't done a very spectacular job of keeping her safe .
tr	O	She knew he could nab her in less than a heartbeat , but he wanted her to squirm .
tr	O	I 'd drop it off tomorrow at Electronics Zone and they could send it to their battery recycling program .
tr	O	Drew seemed to tense up instantly and Trinity turned to see who would make him so nervous .
tr	I	She held the traits that only an alpha possessed , but Dawn was a submissive .
tr	I	None of the cuts were deep enough to cause any worry about infection , but a small amount of bruising already formed .
tr	O	He heard a couple of buttons sail across the room and he didn 't give a damn .
tr	O	The rope went taut , and Fili pulled in vain .
tr	I	Some will be downright dangerous , and they won 't be easy .
tr	I	The faint smell of alcohol clings to him , and his khakis are wrinkled .
tr	O	Not only didn 't he understand why , but he was completely off balance .
tr	O	Trenton didn 't want to admit it , but it looked like they may have found their perpetrator .
tr	I	The full jury came into view , and the camera inched to the left .
tr	O	Seeing their garments mingled that way made Lily feel warm inside , and she easily moved her hands to the zipper of his trousers .
tr	I	Her eyes narrowed and she ignored him .
tr	O	Her eyes sparkled and I was intrigued .
tr	I	It wouldn 't move , but Kenny strained to push the opening mechanism further into the altar .
tr	I	Adam was walking around looking like the emperor of the world and now Gina was pregnant .
tr	I	Cops seemed to boil out of it and a police van had skidded to a stop halfway across both lanes of the street .
tr	O	I didn 't know what he should expect , but the way he said as if I 'm a living object , bothered me .
tr	O	Sandra might be evil , but she wasn 't stupid .
tr	I	This one was not the type he usually attended , but she knew he attended his share of parties .
tr	I	Daddy 's probably locked away in his office plotting world domination and mom is no doubt at the club .
tr	O	Their capes were made of luxurious silk and their armor was studded with jewelry for the celebration .
tr	O	Gavin glanced once more to his date , but she seemed perfectly at ease with Dominick 's company .
tr	O	Catherine had heard of angelic visitations , but she 'd never experienced the phenomenon herself .
tr	O	Tears rolled along her cheeks , but her smile told him just how happy she was .
tr	O	It was a strange feeling to be so off balance and he didn 't like it much .
tr	O	Almira may have won at that moment but he swore he would take revenge in another time .
tr	O	All you had to do was ask and it was given to you .
tr	I	I didn 't have a choice , but normally I wasn 't a gambling person .
tr	I	He shook his head , and the grin grew wider .
tr	I	One seemed to be heading for the back doors , and they were very close .
tr	O	We 'd left so abruptly , and I still felt a bit guilty .
tr	O	He insisted that we arm ourselves to the teeth , and Takeshi had no problem gearing up with weapons again .
tr	I	Watched the people walking below and * * * Nicola Harding stood in the window of her penthouse suite looking down on San Francisco 's Union Square .
tr	I	Two women I recognized entered , and Marcus opened the door .
tr	I	He didn 't waken , but he stirred in the bed , throwing his hand over to my empty space .
tr	O	Her hands were numb with cold and her teeth had long since stopped chattering .
tr	I	The sheer possibility that she might yearn to keep him to herself filled her with uneasiness , but she thought it was the latter .
tr	I	She gasped , and his claws dug deeper .
tr	I	The screen door was unlocked and the back door was left open .
tr	I	He saw them with a billion eyes and labels began flashing against that sensitized skin .
tr	O	I could perceive your mind , but you were not lucid .
tr	O	Auron leaped to the side and the tribesman 's fist plunged into the tree branch .
tr	I	She was clearly in awe right now , which was exactly how he 'd wanted her to feel , and she let her emotions show through .
tr	I	Soon the fuzzy radio words ran together in my mind , and more wine made it into my mouth than food .
tr	I	You could also look books up on their computers , but they had card catalogs still .
tr	O	I did a good job pretending that I was alright , but many years later , I realized that I wasn 't .
tr	O	I had always considered myself a lone wolf , and this would mean coming in from the cold .
tr	O	I ought to have been feeling terrified , but somehow the fear wouldn 't really set in .
tr	O	What you 're doing might fade over time , but you need to be careful .
tr	I	A small sail was secured to their makeshift mast and by midday the work was done .
tr	O	Dad lounged on the couch with his tablet , and he glanced up as I entered .
tr	O	The trail before me continued , and behind there was only darkness .
tr	I	You only have an hour to get ready , but I 'm sorry it 's all so rushed .
tr	I	She would feel a thousand times better - at least , that was what she kept telling herself and within a couple of weeks it would pass .
tr	O	Dee summarised the value of the evidence we had uncovered , but I had already worked out for myself what it meant .
tr	O	Jennifer was probably already in the office or she 'd done something at her home .
tr	I	I knew it was from my words , not my blow , but he flinched .
tr	I	I wonder what will happen when I reach boiling point and it 's as if they 're building up inside of me .
tr	I	Those standing at the bar looked around , and the band stopped playing .
tr	I	He 'd left his upstate New York hometown so he could love them from a distance , but he loved his big , loud family .
tr	I	I 'm coming back to life shockingly quickly under his deft tongue , but I thought I was completely worn out .
tr	O	I might have been careless , but I am not stupid .
tr	O	My eyes were filling with tears , but I couldn 't let them fall .
tr	I	I didn 't like it one bit , and I felt like Dante was undermining me .
tr	I	So , the story was born , and it was mere coincidence that a passerby saw a werewolf in the full moon .
tr	O	We loved the story of a famous movie star falling for the girl-next-door and we can only hope that this story has a happy ending .
tr	O	Ice pellets went sailing by , but Tolland knew the attackers had missed their chance .
tr	O	The Inquisitor lowered the Mortal Sword , and Charlotte wrapped her hands around the blade .
tr	I	That 's when somebody else stepped in , and I was shrieking in pain after mama 's head was separated from her body .
tr	O	He didn 't pressure me in any way , and I think that 's when I began to let my guard down about him .
tr	I	Smog kicked up in a cold draft and the rumble of a fast-approaching train rose .
tr	I	A grey carpet covered the whole room , and there was white wallpaper on the walls .
tr	O	I looked back at the door and my mom was standing there .
tr	I	I could now tell that it was indeed approaching us , and the first one had remained close to the canyon wall .
tr	O	She may not be in the same financial standing as the people at the party , but Tara had never been one to be intimidated by wealth .
tr	I	It rapidly changed course , but he raised a hand to touch her cheek .
tr	O	Ash started down the side of the road , ignoring my plea , and some of the others followed .
tr	I	The vampire would be snarling beneath the mountain , counting the seconds until he was released , and he would know Lucian was hunting him .
tr	I	He seemed more than simply pleased to have Tate 's company , and Gan brought up the rear of the column .
tr	I	Displays went blank , and Indicator lights darkened .
tr	I	There are scouting parties all over the area , but the bulk of the horde is prowling the burning wreckage right now .
tr	O	Adam suspected Gansey 's preference was because Ronan was earnest even if he was horrible , and with Gansey , honesty was golden .
tr	I	I 'm at a loss but he waited for my instructions .
tr	I	I 'm not , but Sean watches me , trying to sense the lie that he thinks I 'm telling .
tr	O	I knew the answer to her question , but I had a feeling she did too .
tr	I	She threw her head back with a moan and her body arched against him .
tr	I	Things are different with Pen , but I never wanted these feelings .
tr	O	The stinging sensation traveled straight downward and she clenched her thighs together tight .
tr	I	It was beginning to get light out and I didn 't want them to phase back somewhere alone , not knowing where they were .
tr	I	Andrew 's silences stretched a little longer , and Nicky started dominating more of the conversation .
tr	I	My mouth dropped open and I peeked around him .
tr	O	It 's just about healed and the stitches are out , leaving a little white scar .
tr	I	This time there was also a flight attendant but the pilot was the same middle-aged gentleman who flew the plane when we went to St. Thomas .
tr	I	I passed over a twenty , and when the guy came to the door , he handed me my food .
tr	O	Heat rushed through her veins and he actually felt the spasm in her womb .
tr	O	After a few seconds , I try to sit up , but my body won 't move .
tr	I	It 's no easy task , but it 's our sworn duty to protect the one we have here from them at all costs .
tr	O	There 's so many other ideas you shared and we are now trying to work on them .
tr	I	It jiggled with her every step and a small bottle of sunscreen was stuffed into her back pocket .
tr	O	She didn 't respond , and I realized that he hadn 't come back .
tr	O	Your best friend doesn 't believe I love her , and she thinks I 'm only with her out of guilt .
tr	O	She hadn 't the speed of the Lady , but her rage was enough to make mountains quake .
tr	I	He was a man of action , but he may not be a man of many words .
tr	O	She needed to get back to where there were people and she could only think of one way of doing that .
tr	O	The act would certainly end in his death , but his life was already forfeit .
tr	O	Another round of hugs , and they left the hotel .
tr	I	My face flushed even more and only light laughter answered me .
tr	O	You left me a prisoner , but my master did not forget me .
tr	I	She smiled and she turned to her colleague .
tr	I	The sun 's still not high enough for anyone to see but I feel my face getting red .
tr	I	The room stilled and the music stopped .
tr	I	I see a glimpse of the Arlo I used to know and his armour chinks .
tr	I	It was a lot to ask of him , and his days were busy .
tr	O	Now I want answers from you , and I don 't care how I get them out of you .
tr	I	Brand is gone , and when I wake , the sunshine is streaming through my windows .
tr	O	I 'll do my best to dim any enthusiasm for Shea , but I can 't guarantee anything .
tr	I	Dang , she sure was pretty , but I didn 't know this girl very well , considering we met like ten minutes ago .
tr	O	Lorelei would stand in the doorway , a welcoming smile on her lips , and he 'd feel at home , at last .
tr	I	He watched as the little light from the porthole faded to inky darkness , and the hours crept past .
tr	I	I head to Andrew to tell him what 's going on and she 's off .
tr	O	A couple of laughing kids charged past him on the sidewalk , and Sean jolted , then laughed at his own idiocy .
tr	I	Tavi felt the weight of her gaze as palpably as the touch of a gentle hand , and she paused , studying them .
tr	O	she murmured , and I laughed .
tr	O	Leander Jack nodded and they slowly entered the room .
tr	I	Your police cruiser didn 't , but you said your truck works ?
tr	I	Katherine pushed him further away but Cooper tried to behave as if everything was normal .
tr	I	I may be asking on behalf of the guy that is your secret admirer or this question may be for my own casual curiosity .
tr	I	He wanted to stay out of it , but I leaned on her brother for information .
tr	O	I was able to kill my own father , but I can 't kill you .
tr	O	You made that much money in the stock market and you 're out here feeding animals ?
tr	O	No one had loaned him that , and he 'd definitely not stolen it .
tr	O	she tried to snap but it came out breathy .
tr	I	You brought me back , and I left this .
tr	I	Reece do and I 've given up trying to keep track of all the traveling Jacqueline .
tr	O	Many of them have roots in your genes , and those genes get passed down through the generations .
tr	I	His eyes were distant , and delos went very still .
tr	O	I was here , with her , and Elijah struck me .
tr	O	His mother had been the one right thing in his messed-up childhood , and he 'd had to watch her waste away until she was gone .
tr	I	It still hurt , but it wasn 't bleeding .
tr	O	Bastian screamed , and then there was silence .
tr	O	We entered what seemed to be a sort of office , and the first thing I noticed was that they had electricity .
tr	O	It was a little voice , but she heard it .
tr	I	She wanted to get a handle on it before it manifested as something more overt , and she sensed an unexpected hostility between them .
tr	O	One of the animals was talking to her and she didn 't sound good .
tr	O	It wasn 't like the table was square , and a chair missing from the fourth side would be conspicuous .
tr	O	Megan was a good person and this was an awful situation .
tr	O	Parnell surprised even himself by the outburst , but he was too tired to hold back .
tr	I	He was also full of admiration because of her strength but he felt disgusted by the behavior of the lady .
tr	O	The pastor went on , and the sun shone down hard .
tr	I	I feel like we 're in our own little world and it 's dark .
tr	O	I cried in sadness , and I cried with joy .
tr	O	His eyes narrowed and he moved a step closer , the sword still in his hand .
tr	O	As if on cue , the front door suddenly opened and Gabriel 's large frame filled the doorway .
tr	O	He had a steady air and he gave the impression that he could handle himself in a crisis .
tr	I	She 's laughing , but she whines .
tr	O	If they knew why I was here , there would be cops and there are none .
tr	O	The bear flinched and its head jerked back .
tr	O	It helped with the itching , and after I tugged my sleeve back down , she seemed to forget about it .
tr	O	George didn 't just want to buy in , and Colin knew it .
tr	O	She pressed harder on the spot , and she thought she felt a slight movement .
tr	O	He lets me and it looks okay .
tr	O	He demanded and she responded .
tr	O	I know you want everything to be perfect , my love , but just relax .
tr	I	It suddenly became much more pertinent the moment she saw us , but this may have seemed an odd thing to notice .
tr	I	The knife moved away from her throat and terrified she nodded .
tr	O	The warrior bonding with him was no guarantee he would escape banishment , but it was something that could not be easily ignored .
tr	O	She 'd nearly died from hypothermia yesterday , yet he couldn 't get her to rest .
tr	I	She closed her eyes , knowing the pause in pleasure was temporary , and when she thought he would come in her mouth , he withdrew .
tr	I	Now that the moment was finally upon me , it was a little frightening , but I was thrilled .
tr	I	I had a few while eating a good veal dish and the wine was pretty good .
tr	I	Nothing came of it , and you already did it .
tr	O	He slowly turned his head to her , and she instinctively took a step back from him .
tr	I	Mike 's looking at me through dark sunglasses in the rearview mirror , but Terrell has turned his body so that he 's facing me .
tr	O	I had to carefully conceal my thoughts and to date , I 'd been successful .
tr	O	He watched me closely , and I tried to keep my face neutral .
tr	I	It wasn 't a risk she was willing to take , but there was always a chance he had been bluffing .
tr	O	My knees were always skinned , and my face was usually dirty .
tr	I	Anger gave me all of the determination I needed , but Guilt did me no good right now .
tr	O	I promise to not bother you , but I will find a way to change your mind , no matter how long it takes .
tr	O	She went to smack my arm , but I caught her hand .
tr	O	She took another big gulp , and I noticed her hands were shaking .
tr	I	He wasn 't utterly retarded at least , but Cain wouldn 't call him a smart demon .
tr	O	She wanted to tell him the rest , but she 'd been compelled to remain silent .
tr	I	There are many more that would likely go unnoticed , except by someone with my widespread access to information , but those are the most visible examples .
tr	O	Her future was secure and he was such a good catch .
tr	I	He doesn 't step outside but the elevator slides open .
tr	O	A loud thump made her start , and she turned to see Raphael landing , knees bent , just a few feet from her .
tr	I	I this last wall is blocked to me , yet I have traveled far to return to you .
tr	O	The revolving door had reappeared , and the neon Exit sign was over it .
tr	I	All of these words had help , and it 's a story about words .
tr	I	I need you here but I 'm sorry it 's all gone to shit .
tr	O	I understand that and I will comply .
tr	I	To the best of my ability I 'd forgiven him , but I wasn 't forgetting Danny Chesterfield anytime soon .
tr	O	His eyes dropped to Ghost and he looked even more pissed .
tr	O	Her elbows pounded at him , and her legs kicked at him .
tr	I	We drove through them and the tall gates slid open .
tr	I	Dean enjoyed it immensely , clapping madly at the end of every number and they were given front-row seats for the musical .
tr	O	Linda returned from the bathroom , and John entered alongside the coyote .
tr	O	The engine bursts to life and the silver Mercedes snakes down the street .
tr	O	He 's taller than you , and it will expose his legs .
tr	I	She 'd given them to Jacey , but those were his words , his .
tr	O	When she pulls away , she lets me have a line , and then she sniffs the last one herself before taking my hand .
tr	I	Most paranormals did ... until they were ready to let their beasts out to play , but he looked human .
tr	O	David pointed to each of the men around the table , and each stood in greeting as he did .
tr	O	Shirley screamed at Orson , but he ignored her .
tr	I	The amusement didn 't reach his eyes , but it was a look Cassie recognized well .
tr	I	If I want to fire every motherfucker on the board that my father set in place , I will and this club is mine !
tr	I	No visible part of her body is moving and she stands off to the side , staring down at the floor .
tr	I	Right then I knew , and it was red like the film on Max 's shoulder .
tr	I	My airway clears , and I nod .
tr	I	She appeared to be asleep , but her back was to me .
tr	O	He 's a great details man and I trust him completely .
tr	I	Then he drew her into his arms , and he spoke to the woman once again .
tr	I	She felt silly complaining , but she should have brought the matter to Zev 's attention .
tr	I	The tilt got worse , but he shook his head .
tr	I	He conceded a step and his mouth fell open .
tr	I	He was still reticent to attack with his right hand and Mike 's lack of left-handed dexterity was becoming painfully obvious .
tr	I	Her expression was kind and her eyes were soft .
tr	O	His jaws danced under his skin , and he looked down .
tr	O	Blondie looked up , annoyed at the interruption , but annoyance faded fast when he got a good look at Garrett 's expression .
tr	I	He wasn 't dead , yet he fell over , thick dark blobs staining the snow .
tr	O	The others are whispering to each other as Rian and I stand in silence , side by side , farthest from the door .
tr	I	That 's why I didn 't ring , and I was just busy all yesterday .
tr	I	I 'm still clutching the crystal ball my father gave me , but I would think that what had just happened was a dream .
tr	O	Daren 's little Friday night celebration of his return was over , and it was time for a long , overdue , heart-to-heart talk .
tr	I	She 'd fallen for him so hard she could still feel the bruises twenty-three years later , and Alexander was the only man she 'd ever loved .
tr	I	There was a graveyard of wrappers glittering in the dim light and I 'd spent a ludicrous amount on overpriced room service chocolate .
tr	I	The murdered women had been found right on the border of the park , and Yosemite National Park was federal land .
tr	O	I knew he would , and he did .
tr	O	My voice cracked as I said ' love ' and she nodded , her eyes darkening .
tr	O	They climbed an open staircase made of richly grained wood , and the ceiling had glass apertures in it .
tr	O	She was his woman , and when he got her back , he was never letting her out of his sight .
tr	O	She said something I couldn 't catch and his dimples creased into a smile .
tr	O	The path he always took wasn 't the quickest , but he thought it was the most scenic .
tr	I	The pain , with every inch of his hips , was unendurable , but he tried to shuffle his body , so that it faced upwards .
tr	O	Sometimes we got it back over the net , but they managed to react quickly .
tr	O	Jimmy pushed his amazement aside and his leader instinct kicked in .
tr	I	We still just stared at each other , and the doorbell rang again .
tr	O	The words just fell out of my mouth and I immediately felt awful .
tr	I	It was his high taxes against which they rebelled and these rebels were from the King 's own lands .
tr	O	Della looked back at the warlock and he still had his pinkie out .
tr	O	Now that the ride was over , my legs gave out , and I had to sit down on a boulder .
tr	O	She had grown to love Liam , but never had she fallen head over heels in love .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I never exhibited such primitive behavior before .
tr	I	My hands immediately frame her face , and the money hits the floor .
tr	I	They came to him but he couldn 't understand them .
tr	O	Winkler was snoring louder than Trajan , but Trace wasn 't snoring at all .
tr	I	I could tell she was asking if she was okay , but they were too far away for me to hear what was said .
tr	O	She moved up the steps , and he studied her every move .
tr	O	They were both dating my ex 's frat brothers and that meant the next four months were going to be incredibly awkward .
tr	O	John closed the trapdoor behind us , and once in the dark I heaved a sigh .
tr	I	I don 't care if you never speak to me again , and I don 't care if I get caught by the cops .
tr	I	She was angrier than I had ever seen her , and Amy 's eyes were blazing fire .
tr	I	For some reason , he let Caroline get away with it , but Dev wasn 't the type to be ignored .
tr	O	One final loop of line was drawn off the edge and the whole of the rope went taut .
tr	I	She was wearing her favorite Oregon Ducks sweatshirt - and her blonde hair was pulled back in a pink scrunchie - her favorite color .
tr	O	A splash , and she shut her eyes to the horror .
tr	I	She won 't remember I asked them and maybe I should ask her some questions .
tr	I	The guy saw us a waved and Riley stepped up next to me .
tr	O	She was still apprehensive , but at least this time she had some idea what to do .
tr	O	The wind whipped her face and she pulled the collar of her light jacket up around her ears .
tr	O	I followed his gaze , and my stomach lurched .
tr	I	She knew the kid heard it too but a sudden distant sound of siren filled her with relief .
tr	I	The deer lies still and he fires point blank .
tr	I	You have and I don 't ever remember getting along with anybody like me .
tr	I	Charlie quickly followed them , and Elizabeth clapped her hands .
tr	I	She should be safe , but I have no doubt that she is scared .
tr	I	Having faith is hard , so very much harder than despair , but I must have faith .
tr	O	He groaned as he fell into darkness , but the clearing remained blissfully dim in the gathering dusk .
tr	O	He held the door to the back open and she walked through .
tr	I	I was also going to get some dough , but oh , she was gon na leave a chunk to the hospital .
tr	O	Blood hung heavy in the air , and I stepped over the man 's corpse , leading Stalker toward the lake .
tr	I	If the circumstances were different , we would have had time to plan something different , and I know this impromptu wedding has been less than ideal .
tr	O	You 're not in trouble , but in the future , you need to let us know where you are .
tr	I	I was paying for the early mornings , but I hadn 't meant to fall asleep .
tr	O	His slightly unshaven face rubbed gently on mine and he sang along with the song ever so quietly in my ear .
tr	O	She laughed and I felt like she had slapped me in the face .
tr	I	A different frequency began vibrating and a shiver went through her .
tr	I	I could see now how it might be useful to have some firearm training and he had his gun drawn .
tr	I	I loved it , but I didn 't want to admit it to anyone .
tr	O	That was when I was 14 years old and it was because my friend had incited me .
tr	I	We clashed in the middle and my body launched itself into the air .
tr	O	He wanted to cut them but Sarah wouldn 't allow it .
tr	O	We hadn 't had any confrontations in awhile and I was trying to keep it that way .
tr	O	Donnie pulled her chair out , and once she 'd seated herself , he did the same .
tr	O	Eggert carefully unlocked her office and they stepped inside .
tr	O	The world spun back up to speed again , and Sarah took in a long , deep breath .
tr	O	Cool air brushed against her , and sensation after carnal sensation shot through her .
tr	I	She shivered with anticipation , and chills ran through her .
tr	O	Trevor was a big guy and he wasn 't known for moving softly .
tr	O	Andrew used all his strength to save me and the three of you seemed to glow with the intensity of your efforts .
tr	O	I told ya 'll what went down , and ya 'll try to pull this crap .
tr	I	It slides slowly down my bare arm , and he rests a hand on my shoulder .
tr	I	Blood was running down his shirt and one of them had taken a bite out of him .
tr	O	Once more ... and then it subsided to a series of low mutterings .
tr	O	Remembering why brought a smile to her lips and her whole body tingled .
tr	I	His eyes watered and he was flabbergasted .
tr	I	There was a scream and the wood splintered .
tr	I	I have no choice and I 'm a Heroine .
tr	I	They become glass In atomic heat And my eyes squint at the mountains .
tr	I	We can 't and you can yell ?
tr	O	She was crying again and it was just heartbreaking .
tr	I	I doubt I 'll ever make a profit , and Let 's just say it wasn 't quick .
tr	O	Dreams usually had that effect on me , and I hated it .
tr	I	He definitely needed some more time to wake up and he was not going to skip the most important meal of the day .
tr	O	All of them were armed with weapons and all of them meant business .
tr	O	It seemed to me that I was the damsel in distress and they were the knights in shiny armor that had saved me .
tr	O	Doctor Avery looked offended , but Ernest didn 't care .
tr	I	She really didn 't want to know , but she asked it .
tr	O	He begins to turn around and his face is expressionless .
tr	O	It feels like he 's worshipping me , and just the thought that this man wants me so much makes me moan again .
tr	I	I could hear his heart thumping through his wide chest , and he was breathing hard .
tr	I	The queen would have escaped , or we had to keep going .
tr	O	He cleaned the wound with an antiseptic ointment , and applying direct pressure stemmed the bleeding .
tr	O	They had no idea what she had gone through to get here , and now was not the time to tell them .
tr	O	My tone is noticeably clipped , and Jackson pauses before he stands .
tr	O	He motioned toward one of the other suited men and he dropped a card on the table .
tr	O	It was definitely not what Dan had expected , and he realized now how completely he had deluded himself .
tr	O	I wait patiently for his file to come up and when it does , I wheeze out a breath .
tr	I	Daniel took great delight in offering an alternative reading , and each day , Mama interpreted the message for her .
tr	I	It had made for a nerve-racking week but she tried her best to reassure them .
tr	O	I turn back and her face is pensive .
tr	I	Caroline 's face burned , but Captain Hodge kept his voice noncommittal .
tr	O	I 'm sure you don 't want to hear it but I need you to know this .
tr	I	Those teenage years had been hell , but now he wouldn 't trade his Were status for anything .
tr	O	He didn 't say anything else , and I didn 't volunteer a response .
tr	O	He lifts the edge of my shirt , and it 's enough to wake me up .
tr	I	Now he was leaving and Adam was the first person he had talked to since this nightmare had started .
tr	O	I took in what she said and I could understand her concern .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed suspiciously and the corners of the mouth she 'd once loved to kiss turned downward .
tr	I	He crossed the threshold into the living room and she stepped back .
tr	I	I held her tight , letting our heart rates slow down , and she collapsed on my chest .
tr	O	She stifles a smile , and they both push forward .
tr	O	Shreds of rubber flew in all directions , and the Jaguar settled down on its haunches .
tr	I	Her fist connected with the hard muscles of his stomach , and she lashed out as he scrambled to grab her again .
tr	O	She heard him inhale deeply , and she shuddered in his arms .
tr	O	On its own the door swung open , and I fell onto the sharp rocks .
tr	I	Her body thrown out of the house into the clearing with the others and the girl was murdered .
tr	I	The hand on his shoulder dug into his flesh and he pulled her head back a little farther .
tr	O	I really like him , but everything is too easy .
tr	O	It hit me and my lips curled as I said .
tr	I	I hope I don 't have to kill her and she is sweet .
tr	I	This time she recognized it , and that uneasy feeling returned again .
tr	I	I 'll pretend that I 'm with you for Lulu 's birthday party , but I know I 'm super far away .
tr	I	They shouted at each other about who was right , and neither had done this before .
tr	O	They didn 't need me , and Angeline was no criminal genius .
tr	O	The lights behind us are still intact but the exploding train wiped out all of the ones nearer to the door .
tr	O	He had to act soon or he was done .
tr	O	It was the same as torture , and al ' Thor had forbidden it .
tr	O	He started to open his mouth to say something , and that 's when I was awakened by the sound of my phone ringing .
tr	O	His voice was little more than a growl now , and I know the words were meant to hurt me .
tr	I	When they were combined with the poppers , it was deadly , and the gay community used a lot of antibiotics for various reasons .
tr	I	My eyes rolled into the back of my head and I relished it .
tr	I	Now her unruly hair was not the only thing out of place , but he hadn 't noticed earlier when he had gone into her room .
tr	I	It was a lot bigger than this kid was , but the lizard may not have seemed much of a threat .
tr	I	He let the subject go and obviously she didn 't want to discuss her mother .
tr	I	There was no way he intended to start , and he 'd never forced a woman before .
tr	I	I thought he was some kind of righteous lunatic , but after what Angelus tried to do to Marian , I knew he was a monster .
tr	O	At this moment , fun is so not on the agenda , but insisting I 've never been beyond second base wouldn 't achieve anything right now .
tr	O	The girls joined her just minutes later , and they each ordered a nice hearty bowl of stew , along with some hot tea .
tr	I	I don 't go out much at night , and not too many are home during the day .
tr	O	She batted at the darkness around her , but it wouldn 't go away .
tr	I	She turned the corner at the next intersection so he couldn 't get a license plate number and the rest of her was a blur .
tr	I	She jogged the distance to catch up and he stopped .
tr	I	It wasn 't ... but it was her .
tr	I	I have recently expanded out into literary fiction but much of my work is in the science fiction genre .
tr	O	Adrian 's voice jolted me out of my haze , and I managed to peer up at him through heavy eyelids .
tr	I	He couldn 't see Varg , but Tavi approached the darkened cell .
tr	O	Zinger didn 't say anything , but he was breathing heavily from the walking .
tr	I	I will help you as soon as I can but my magic cannot cross the frontier before me .
tr	O	Sam was very surprised when she 'd found it among the things they sent , but then she 'd realized that she shouldn 't be .
tr	O	I could sense Joshua walking around the bed but I wasn 't quite sure where he was .
tr	O	Twice he had nearly killed his prey , and while that should have shaken him , it had caused hardly a ripple of concern .
tr	I	She swallowed every drop , and seed jetted from him .
tr	O	He hoped it was something as harmless as a rat , but something about its movements suggested a shape far more grotesque .
tr	O	She asked if I was okay , and I nodded .
tr	I	I took it , and Evan offered me his hand .
tr	I	The two of them moved to the hearth where the light was better , and Talon produced the scroll for Thomas to read .
tr	O	The old folks blocked Jonah 's view , but he figured it had to be Dean .
tr	O	Sidney said she had a brother Sammie but he had died when he was five .
tr	O	She knew the king was wealthy , but this exceeded her wildest expectations .
tr	I	Then he could see the strain ripple across her forehead , and she leaned her forehead against it , closed her eyes .
tr	O	I could smell diesel fumes , and they were much too strong .
tr	O	Eric had stuck in two bottles of blood , and I moved them over to one side .
tr	I	The Sentinel yelped and bones snapped .
tr	O	The ground underfoot was often firm , and the air had a neutral smell .
tr	O	It looks twice her size but she uses it to perfection .
tr	I	Finally Knox sighed , and several long seconds passed .
tr	I	Her face was turned toward the heavens , a peaceful look on her beautiful face and her eyes were closed .
tr	O	I stepped from my underwear and he stood as his boxers came off .
tr	O	They were buried deep in my subconscious , and I struggled to unearth them , even for Fisher .
tr	O	Abbey 's mouth twitched , but she was already pulling her dress on .
tr	O	He would do anything to keep her safe , and she would also do the same for him .
tr	O	She hated to admit it , but she was a computer know-nothing .
tr	O	He had seen Leslie at the back of the church , and he had had an uneasy feeling .
tr	O	I hated to keep a secret from him , but I had to think things through before I made the right decision .
tr	I	The man sat upright , and the dog flew through the air .
tr	I	I don 't think it 's anybody here and I went through the list of residents today .
tr	O	Zach asked , and I just shook my head .
tr	O	She could tell people he had died on their honeymoon and no one could disprove it .
tr	O	My dad looks awkwardly at me and I decide to break the silence .
tr	O	We are near their land true , but we are not on it .
tr	I	She sucked in a breath , and his warm grip on her hand swayed her toward the former .
tr	O	She didn 't appear hysterical ... yet , and he wanted to keep it that way .
tr	I	This one seemed to be coming from a corner of the room but there was another giggle as well .
tr	I	He didn 't respond and I waited ten minutes .
tr	I	Today I 'm bent over Bishop , and Chapter Fourteen Penny So yesterday I was at school all bent over Mitch .
tr	I	They ran for the shore , laughing and before he could recover , Choo Co La Tah had yanked his loincloth off .
tr	I	I didn 't relent , and I was much stronger .
tr	O	Inside the castle everyone should have be sitting down to dinner , and that meant Amity would hopefully be where we expected -- in the kitchen .
tr	I	Well he shouldn 't , and he wouldn 't open up to me .
tr	O	You 're my favorite person to pester and I don 't think anyone else will do today .
tr	O	There were ten entries , but three of them stood out .
tr	I	The smell was just too strong , but I tried to close my nose .
tr	O	My heart started beating in overtime and I thought I might pass out .
tr	O	She was also a traitor , or at least was involved in industrial espionage .
tr	I	I kissed him back hard , breathing him in as best I could and his mouth found mine again .
tr	I	I didn 't want it again , and I had lived that life before .
tr	I	My face scrunched up and I tilted my head .
tr	I	He was nearly lost , and she breathed his name .
tr	I	Now he knew that he wasn 't , but he thought he was .
tr	O	Her jewelry was gone , but she did have a few white wooden barrettes for her hair .
tr	I	Spots formed in front of his eyes , and all the breath seemed to leave him .
tr	I	I couldn 't muster anything other than moans when his mouth dove back inside ... but he was making me work for it .
tr	I	The Roseville town square felt like another world , but we were only two miles away from school .
tr	O	It didn 't pay much , but she was somehow able to keep us going .
tr	O	Luisa was now sliding to her next victim , but she got a surprise from the woman .
tr	I	Her hand was icy cold , but she had a firm grip .
tr	I	He could not even let out a cry and his limbs had already got numbed .
tr	O	I was ready to play dirty , but I didn 't imagine it would be like this .
tr	O	I love art very much , and it was my favorite lesson .
tr	I	She ordered a mimosa and the waiter came over .
tr	I	Frankly she was concerned , but she tried to be encouraging .
tr	O	He got down to the restaurant before service stopped at eleven , but it was a close call .
tr	I	They accompanied their friends to the front door and he slipped his arm around Corrie 's waist .
tr	O	Fiona opened her mouth , but no words came out .
tr	O	It seemed everyone around us were drunk including some of our group but we lived in New York City for crying out loud .
tr	O	I 've only ever wanted what was best for my children , and it seems I 've failed all of them in some way .
tr	O	I would like to take credit , but it seems you have enemies much smarter than me .
tr	I	Shana saw that the corners of his mouth quivered , but he looked down .
tr	O	She hasn 't stopped crying since we got here , but we 'll be leaving in a couple of minutes .
tr	O	It had been ten years and he had changed in ways that I could not have imagined .
tr	O	I see where Alex is coming from , but it doesn 't make the empty void inside my heart feel any better .
tr	O	It will be your choice but I 'm a gambling man .
tr	O	I did these things for years , but they were infinitely irksome to me , for I knew it was all hopeless .
tr	O	Celeste froze where she was and Jeff pulled her back onto the small deck .
tr	I	Today was one of them , but Chapter Two Three months later There were very few days Rose wished she were an actual witch .
tr	I	Five minutes later , someone shook my shoulder , but I would have sworn it didn 't work .
tr	O	His father said nothing , and Dorian went on , his heart racing .
tr	O	It was a simple question but there was no simple answer .
tr	O	It was making me sluggish , slowing my response , and in defense , my body wasn 't making adrenaline .
tr	I	There was nothing frisky going on anymore , but he was still on top of me .
tr	O	You 're going to wake up and you 're going to give me the words I 've waited on for so long .
tr	I	He lifted up to let her get them off and she pushed his pants down .
tr	O	Kevin didn 't know how many chances he 'd been allotted in this lifetime , but he wasn 't about to waste this one .
tr	I	Its absence wouldn 't have gone unappreciated too , but it wasn 't exactly bad to look at .
tr	I	Only the television illuminated the room and curtains had been pulled .
tr	O	These days the advanced electronics didn 't require any visible means of amplification , but even without it , no one would have missed a thing .
tr	O	The camera panned and I saw her in a chair .
tr	I	Some were flat on the ground and they were still on their knees .
tr	O	I was only apart from him for half a day and already his absence was excruciating .
tr	I	Eventually , I hear the rumble of Noah 's car pulling up , but it seems to take forever .
tr	O	He might have seemed serious , but he was often dancing .
tr	I	I don 't dare inch closer but my eyes scan his face for signs of a fever .
tr	I	The crowd settled down and the lights dimmed slightly .
tr	O	It was only seventeen hundred and she didn 't have to report at Fort Belvoir until the following day .
tr	O	Ambrose signalled Roman style , thumb up , and Polonius slipped his knife into his belt .
tr	I	I remember one of the nurses and I was having my appendix out at the local hospital .
tr	I	At the moment she was infused with it and Hope could be a powerful drug .
tr	I	There was no documentation on their findings , but my father had created the members of The Courant to figure out .
tr	O	She had thought to feel guilty , but that hadn 't happened , either .
tr	O	I could see where this was going and my heart began to ache for her .
tr	I	He had to figure out her involvement in this mess , and she was driving him insane .
tr	O	The tape bothered him , and the wound was already beginning to heal .
tr	I	I just don 't know anymore , but well , Reece was my friend .
tr	I	Anyone who did not live close to where they were stopped was being rounded up , and the Russians were asking for papers .
tr	O	These people didn 't seem to be threatening and they had no weapons that he could see .
tr	O	That was fake and this is real .
tr	O	She didn 't answer , and when I looked over at her , I saw sadness in her face .
tr	O	I finally finished and you were gone .
tr	O	What she can do is unusual for a human but she 's amongst those who 'll accept her now .
tr	I	My father is beating me and I have this reoccurring dream where I 'm back at the pool house .
tr	O	Her voice cracked and a small tear traced a path down her cheek .
tr	O	Abbi pushed all her weight against the door to stop it from closing and in my drunken state , I didn 't fight her .
tr	I	Cliff set both pieces on the counter , slathering them with a thick coating of peanut butter and his toast popped up .
tr	I	There was no way she would be able to remain conscious without it , and her pewter would be gone soon .
tr	O	They let them melt , tasting the flavors as they unfolded , but they didn 't talk about what they were tasting , today .
tr	O	She leaned in close and I caught a whiff of the perfume she only wore on Sundays .
tr	O	He crows with joy as he eases to a stop , and I reach across to grab Amar 's forearm .
tr	O	She cursed Rash for her bad fortune and he copped a fair few beatings himself .
tr	I	They had not told him what it was , but he thought this had a significance , too .
tr	I	It hadn 't been like the girl was doing anything important -- and on the other hand it was only fifteen minutes .
tr	O	She sounded angry and I didn 't know why .
tr	I	I decided to put him out of his misery and keeping his thoughts pent up looked painful for him .
tr	I	That gave me an idea , and I had a feeling I knew .
tr	O	As his head came down , she smashed her elbow up into his face , and he slammed erect against the wall .
tr	O	I was extremely proud of his transition , and at times I really missed his contagious smile .
tr	I	It was the not knowing that anguished me and he could have been any of those things .
tr	O	His voice is in a whisper , but his heart is shouting .
tr	I	There was nothing , but she glanced around to check for signs of buildings .
tr	O	Nothing works , so I can 't track the hours , but I know the days are longer .
tr	O	Her chest tightened , but she pressed on .
tr	O	Features hardened on a battlefield no longer displayed any hint of emotion , yet still he couldn 't quite hide the fire banked in his eyes .
tr	I	I think we 're starting to get on each other 's nerves , and we 've ail been stuck inside since yesterday because of the rain .
tr	O	He felt whole for the first time in his life and he had this one amazing woman to thank for it .
tr	O	I took the muck others didn 't want to see and I buried it .
tr	O	I send a text to Brax while I 'm walking around the apartment , checking that all my windows are latched and my front door is locked .
tr	O	Silence fell at the table , and I wrestled with a decision .
tr	O	Ali 's mouth fell open , but no words came out .
tr	I	It makes no difference now , but I struggle to regain control .
tr	I	She was free and all she had to do was get around the Subaru .
tr	I	We walked outside , and I paid .
tr	O	We get back to the ranch and the sun is just setting .
tr	O	He woke to find himself in a white bed , and the moon shining through an open window .
tr	I	I look at Brand and she bustles away .
tr	I	Her thumb started stroking the back of my hand and we laced our fingers .
tr	I	He loved the chance to work it off , and Dougal had a lot of anger in him .
tr	I	Her breathing sped up and Grace 's grip on my arms tightened .
tr	I	In the end they were back where they started but they had tossed around some improbably ideas about escape .
tr	I	Then I 'll start expanding the ruse , and I 'll let him run around here for a while .
tr	O	Put that with the military 's plan and it doesn 't take a genius to work it out .
tr	I	You need time to heal and it 's not going anywhere .
tr	O	Her breaths slow , and then they stop .
tr	O	He was stooped over and his only arm was dangling motionless at his side .
tr	O	We 'd texted on Sunday , but he hadn 't returned my calls .
tr	O	He stepped forward , but Gandalf stayed him with his hand .
tr	I	Adam found himself engaged to the daughter of a high-ranking Colonial officer , and eventually the two fell in love on the eve of civil war .
tr	O	Hot coffee spilled onto her wrist and she gasped at the sudden pain .
tr	I	Randy Carter could turn , but turn - turn - blackness on every side .
tr	I	My eyelids sank against the stark fluorescent lights , and my bones filled with iron , refusing to move .
tr	I	Slowly his mouth turned up at the corners as he smiled and when he opened his eyes , he looked at his family .
tr	O	No one had told her what to wear for this , and she was too used to the music clubs back home .
tr	O	Blaze chooses a red one and Des chooses black .
tr	O	His eyes widened , but his gaze never left her face .
tr	O	The image of that harpy throwing herself at Elliot was playing on repeat in the back of my mind , but I was adding things to it .
tr	O	I felt sweat jump out of my skin , and my chest burned from not breathing .
tr	O	This seemed to mollify the little wretch , and he barked some orders to the horsemen .
tr	I	She was aware of a softer , humming sound beneath the buzzing , and something touched her face lightly , like a feather , tickling it .
tr	I	She heard him sigh , but he didn 't look at her .
tr	I	This was the first time I was reluctant to fulfill my duty , but this had been part of my life since I settled in America .
tr	I	Then his eyes opened , and there was another pause .
tr	O	Chase had moved into the house and they acted like newlyweds , which she supposed they were since Chase had been gone for the last seven years .
tr	O	His voice sounded superior as he cut me off , and I stuck my tongue out at the sea .
tr	I	She tilted her head to the side and Tammy watched her Gran 's eyes lower .
tr	I	I heard the murmurs erupt as soon as my back was turned , and they fell silent as I passed , staring at me with wide eyes .
tr	I	He couldn 't raise his rifle to aim and it was packed tight .
tr	I	Now it is happening to us and it happened to Roland .
tr	O	He fidgeted in his chair and I clasped his hand reassuringly .
tr	I	For any future children we have and that means I 'd lay down my life for you .
tr	I	That had to be it and Tess 's welfare connected them .
tr	I	A second ring , wider , formed around it , and the first circle filled up with wooden shavings .
tr	O	the prisoner asked , and the girl stopped momentarily .
tr	O	She tried to dig in her heels to make him stop , but he was much stronger than her .
tr	I	The ranks of spearmen hastily climbed to their feet , and a cloud of them closed on the Slav ranks .
tr	O	We 'd been here for almost six months and I still could not get enough of him .
tr	I	England knew it and he wasn 't .
tr	I	My heart cracked just a little , and his hand reached for a gun that wasn 't there .
tr	O	He decided he would have today finishing another couple of paintings , and tomorrow he would visit the protest site .
tr	I	His mother had always been there for him , but growing up in Texas had been rough for Sam at times .
tr	O	I shouldn 't have answered , but I did .
tr	O	Her hands crumpled the gloves into a ball and she sobbed .
tr	I	She was scared , but Sam almost found it comical .
tr	O	I toyed with the notion of bringing my knee up , hard , but I had a feeling he wouldn 't react like a regular man .
tr	I	When she paused , he nodded , encouraging her to continue , and Jake could hear the affection in her voice .
tr	I	He instructed them to cover their mouths with their shirts , and the acrid smell of fresh smoke hung in the air .
tr	I	That was it , and the Battle Arts Master sat .
tr	I	She couldn 't define it , but she wondered what it was .
tr	I	My brain wouldn 't quiet down , but I expected to fall asleep immediately .
tr	O	He would break her and this time there would be nothing left to start over with .
tr	I	Eventually my instincts kicked in , and she yanked hard against me .
tr	O	Julian glanced toward the sidewalk as Nick and the others moved forward .
tr	O	He wanted to speak but he was not about to let her halt him again .
tr	O	At this point my phone rang , and things got really ugly .
tr	O	I call his name a few times but he doesn 't respond .
tr	O	Her mouth fell open , and I smiled at Alice .
tr	I	His mouth landed on mine and I tilted my head up .
tr	O	His arm touches mine and I take a step back .
tr	I	He 'd have the American within his sight line again , and all he had to do was cross the street .
tr	O	My grunts turned to squeals , and he slowed to barely moving .
tr	O	Stephen 's expression doesn 't change , but something in his eyes recognises my kindness .
tr	O	It 'll be big enough to seal the faceplate , and it 'll be held in place by the resin .
tr	I	Randy quickly climbed out of the truck and they parked in the open spot in front of their door .
tr	I	She turned on her side , curling deeper into the pillows , and several times her lashes drifted down .
tr	I	He grinned at me , but his eyelashes were wet .
tr	O	The front door to his suite had opened and she 'd assumed it must be the maid .
tr	I	It 's hard when you have such a wonderful tool , but I had to be careful not to be too good .
tr	O	That was the best anyone could do , and more than Claire wanted , anyway .
tr	O	The first time after the attack was my first time , and Eliot made it gentle .
tr	O	He knew this was going to end up bad but he did not plan on the suffering .
tr	I	She let me take the lead , but Jillian had interjected occasionally .
tr	O	She didn 't care if John was unhappy , and John wouldn 't do anything to hurt Maya , at least not until he regained his memories .
tr	O	The wind settled and two men stared at each other like strangers for a moment .
tr	O	She obliged and he carefully picked up the gun .
tr	I	He didn 't wipe it away , but I don 't know if he felt it .
tr	I	It will be absorbed now and Trifecta , in its entirety , will be absorbed by Frost Industries .
tr	O	Hester had redesigned the space shortly after her marriage , and its style reflected the optimism so innate to her .
tr	I	I feel myself heat rise through my body and she winks at me .
tr	O	It was selfish , but she really did want to find that one person who could love her unconditionally .
tr	O	He had no idea where he would find the strength to walk away a second time , but he 'd do it .
tr	I	She didn 't operate that way , but she 'd seen countless women do just that .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but Adam 's screech echoed .
tr	O	I had done nothing wrong and I was going to jail .
tr	O	The doctors would have to monitor him closely , and with some luck , he would make it .
tr	I	He looked at me expectantly and I looked up at Victor .
tr	I	It wasn 't very convincing , but -- She said .
tr	O	You never complain about it but I know you 're still dealing with after effects from your wreck .
tr	O	I thought it looked ridiculous , but Katie kind of liked it .
tr	O	He no longer had the same control to force me to be a part of his lifestyle , and I think it must have really rattled him .
tr	I	His expression was getting cuter , but his arguments were getting weaker .
tr	O	I knew logically what it meant , but now I saw it in action .
tr	O	No lights were on , but I could see everything clear as day .
tr	O	I turned to look at her , but she was staring out the window as if she were searching for something .
tr	O	Dust covered the front of my shirt and the coins were scattered all around me .
tr	I	A lock of dirty hair falls into his eyes , and the rings in his face shine .
tr	I	We waited in silence as it rolled open for us , and Asher eased the car to a stop at the gate .
tr	I	It popped open and Hiro picked one .
tr	O	The blow hurled the man several yards backward , and he landed awkwardly on the stones .
tr	O	She did everything she could to investigate Mark Bauer from several states away , but she had one more trick up her sleeve .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to scream , but there was no sound .
tr	I	I didn 't have the patience to carry on with our little game , and I needed him , suddenly , urgently .
tr	O	someone screamed , and like a wave , everyone dropped to the ground as a fireball the size of a volleyball shot through the air .
tr	I	His expression had closed , but his word was open .
tr	I	He continued while he had the chance , but the tone of Dale 's clipped answers told Ice he was trying the other boy 's patience .
tr	O	We don 't talk to each other so much and we don 't go to enjoy ourselves with each other .
tr	I	I still thought it was important , but there wasn 't really a reason for it , after the no dating mandate .
tr	I	Her head held high and looking at him coldly .
tr	O	I gave him a hard look , and he grinned sheepishly .
tr	I	Suddenly she didn 't want to talk , and Rema knew the fabric was for her wedding dress .
tr	I	Never completely quenching his thirst , but Kissing Mia was like drinking .
tr	O	It had been a warm day , but the evening had been getting a little chilly when she had walked back to the dorm after dinner .
tr	I	That was probably just a hoax , but a few of them might look like people .
tr	O	June was a toddler and I was holding her .
tr	I	She comes back to visit when she can , but she 's still gone .
tr	I	I care about him very much and Billy 's my past .
tr	O	His blood could have killed me , but if he hadn 't done it I wouldn 't have survived at all .
tr	O	Her face lights up and she weaves around people toward me with Seth at her heels .
tr	I	You won 't be able to , but you think you can still live your lives under Valentine 's rule .
tr	I	I heard a heavy tread on the hardwood floor and the inside back porch light came on .
tr	O	Now I know he was a particularly greedy man , a bard , and he was only kidnapping me to use me for his own profit .
tr	O	It was empty , but he kept it as a reminder of his purpose .
tr	O	She was part of the Alone Project and minimal interaction was required .
tr	I	His face darkened for a brief second , and Jax looked up at me swiftly .
tr	O	Robina smiled graciously , but it didn 't reach to her eyes .
tr	O	My mother in law took Noah 's hand and they disappeared into the house .
tr	I	They lifted into the air and as soon as Sam climbed into the helicopter , the rotors started whirring .
tr	O	I was hiding up on a nearby hill and I watched them put her down .
tr	O	Overwhelmed , she fell against him and he wrapped his arms around her .
tr	I	I saw the edge of his mouth quirk up in a slight grin and he turned his head to look at me .
tr	I	It has been some time since your last one and you are not currently in a relationship .
tr	O	He was about to neigh in happiness , but Monika quietly covered his mouth .
tr	O	I didn 't actually hear the words , or at least I didn 't think so .
tr	O	Yes , it was she , and yes , she was real .
tr	I	The alarm is set and the doors are locked .
tr	O	I heard someone shouting , and I went to see .
tr	I	A pistol played peek-a-boo from his shoulder holster , and the rifle in his hand seemed an extension of his being , like her sickles were .
tr	I	He clears it and his voice slightly trembles .
tr	I	She follows and I start walking .
tr	I	She winced as it grated over her skin and his voice sounded like sandpaper .
tr	O	Then I glanced at his dress boots , and I came up with a plan .
tr	I	He would not change his mind , and it was done .
tr	I	I can 't imagine that he will , and I 'm quite certain your husband would have to agree to a divorce .
tr	O	Jakob 's plan had worked , and we had water to drink .
tr	O	Her face had some color again , and she was no longer shivering .
tr	I	Allison grinned , and I gasped .
tr	O	Rick 's schedule often brought him to Seattle , but he rarely had time to see her .
tr	O	He 'd never doubted she would be ok , but it was a relief to hear from her .
tr	O	I don 't know why but it 's the same with Savannah too .
tr	I	They were every bit as determined as Donovan was to right wrongs against victims , but they gave him shit about his soft spot .
tr	O	His eyes were back on me and we were looking at each other .
tr	O	A few people came out of hiding when we arrived , but areas that didn 't prepare are desolate .
tr	O	He offered her his arm , and she took it without question .
tr	I	I guess the last storm didn 't carry that much water , but I hadn 't noticed .
tr	I	To my surprise , I rise a good two feet off the floor , and my feet lift off the ground , soft as a feather .
tr	I	It didn 't feel right , but she was going to leave without another question , just like I needed her to .
tr	O	The fire itself may not hurt her , but the building was collapsing .
tr	I	Willow cringed back and they were filled with anger .
tr	O	The kiss was nice and she wanted another , one that lingered , rather than a brush in passing .
tr	O	I could say I am disappointed but I 'm not .
tr	O	Suzi wheeled herself next to VIN and they entered a totally different world .
tr	I	Many more survived , but many had died .
tr	I	You two were laughing and I came down .
tr	I	She knew it was late , but Grace couldn 't tell time .
tr	I	I pretty much alternate them , and there are two I like .
tr	O	They can 't bring this corner down , and they are finally going away .
tr	O	I tried to quiet her as I picked up the phone but she was more insistent .
tr	O	I figured you 'd hear about it , too , and you 'd assume the same things .
tr	I	The image of the girl remained completely untouched , and there was no heat , no smoke .
tr	I	The sound was building in intensity , but I still couldn 't see anything .
tr	I	I smirked and Clay suggested .
tr	O	Her flailing elbow crashes into my eye and I fall back .
tr	O	I nodded and he let go .
tr	O	I heard her say it , but my gaze was locked on the gates , the taillights disappearing beyond them .
tr	I	He was going to miss that along with every other wonderful thing about Luna , and she had a gift for making him laugh .
tr	O	Caleb wasn 't sure that was such a positive association , but he let it pass because she was still talking .
tr	O	My heart hammers , and my mouth is dry so my voice squeaks out .
tr	O	They spent the weekend touring around the Washington , D.C. area and Rachel couldn 't believe how happy she was to just be in his company .
tr	I	They moved the children east and there were others waiting on the outskirts to help .
tr	O	There are six different sports and it would have disappointed heaps of kids , especially the girls , if we 'd had to drop netball .
tr	I	She might be wearing a wig but she 's petite , blond with shorter hair .
tr	O	The crowd roared , and close by Shannon could hear a French girl screaming Julian , Julian .
tr	O	Then a sense of falling slowly overrode his mind , but he was not frightened .
tr	I	He was pretty sure he knew why and she 'd been traumatized .
tr	O	On any other given day I would have fought him but he isn 't to blame for any of this shit .
tr	O	The end tables had utilitarian lamps with plain white shades , and Miranda had added a few crystals around the room .
tr	O	The kiss was enough to turn the switch again , and suddenly he was all warm potential in my arms .
tr	O	He caught my eye as I walked through , and against my better judgment , I sat down across from him .
tr	O	I 'd never been a good liar , and this wasn 't an exception .
tr	I	You 'd figure out that she wasn 't from our world and I kept wondering if she 'd slip up .
tr	O	I threatened him with a day in court , and he agreed to pay up rather than wash his dirty washing in public .
tr	O	We were in all the same classes , but he never did anything .
tr	I	He was watching us and I glanced at Tate .
tr	O	The other five girls step in closer and I wait before making any sudden movements .
tr	O	It had long legs for a monkey , and he hadn 't seen a tail either .
tr	O	He rang his father immediately and they had ordered him home .
tr	I	That scared her even more , and it seemed to make sense .
tr	I	A door slid open , leading down another corridor , and the sergeant pressed her finger to a scanner .
tr	I	That 's what I intended to be , and I 'd told Dorian I was human .
tr	O	I just need something to distract myself with and answers seem like a good distraction .
tr	I	Its truth consumed the room , yet that statement came so quiet .
tr	I	He jolts and I lay a hand on his arm .
tr	I	Skylar pouted and Noah started .
tr	I	The pain is so intense I cannot make out what they are saying , but I hear arguing coming from just past the door .
tr	O	It was a long shot , but he had to try it .
tr	O	He began to lean over me , but I protested .
tr	O	The investors often had no idea where their money went , and fewer still really cared so long as it paid off .
tr	O	She 'd been thrown into the deep end headfirst , but she was swimming .
tr	I	It 's going to be us , and they 've targeted their next city .
tr	I	Sheets of tin had been hammered over the skeleton , and the shingles on the weather side had been blown off long ago .
tr	I	Mouth is gagged and he 's staring at the man who 's hands are tied .
tr	O	Less than a minute to draw the blood , and it was all done .
tr	I	I 'm about to attempt to find out , but I 'm not even sure I believe in fun anymore .
tr	I	After three failures , we no longer made the attempt , but we often wished we could turn females .
tr	I	She forced her voice to remain calm , and her sweaty grip tightened around the phone .
tr	I	The moment she started talking she couldn 't seem to stop , but biting her lip she tried to stop the flow of words .
tr	I	The light begins to dim and I blink a few times .
tr	O	I picked it up , and it was warm in my hands .
tr	O	I promised you I would not write about your story and I have kept my word .
tr	I	Dressed rather oddly in clothes befitting a young teenaged hip-hop fan , but stepping in to that living room was another elderly man .
tr	I	A local news teaser came on , and the little TV behind the counter broke for commercials .
tr	O	The windows were boarded up , and the entire yard was buried in at least five feet of snow except for a recently shoveled walkway .
tr	I	I was in fact hungry , and I thought about it .
tr	I	He was doing her a favor , but Beth Ann didn 't realize it .
tr	O	She tried to pull her hand away but he wouldn 't release it .
tr	I	I really need to get Mickey somewhere safe until we sort this out , but I can 't tell you about it .
tr	I	The sound of drums mixed with the shouts of joy and they began to dance .
tr	I	He finished and I nodded .
tr	I	He 'd take whatever he could get , but he 'd hoped for more .
tr	I	She held a pink bow to her forehead , making the children roll with laughter and the female character was next .
tr	O	My muscles were still weak , but they reminded me more of what you 'd feel after a hard run .
tr	I	Then you 'll see her looking at you different , and pretend you didn 't notice .
tr	I	I knew that she was every bit as tied to the theatrical world as I was , but Maddy snorted .
tr	I	I didn 't have any words , but I tried to tell him .
tr	I	The roof sagged pitifully , ready to collapse at any moment , and most of the windows were blacked out .
tr	I	We don 't have a choice , but this will put us off schedule .
tr	O	I hadn 't meant to be , and she certainly didn 't deserve it .
tr	I	She preferred keeping her natural color , but she knew a few people her age that dyed their hair blond as a fashion statement .
tr	I	Nothing I cannot handle , but my hip is at a low throb .
tr	I	He looked as if he hadn 't understood the words that had just come out of my mouth and his eyebrows came together .
tr	O	My family was pulling something out of their asses , and Willow was happily playing along .
tr	I	He could only imagine the things Bryson would say later if they ever made it to safety , but he was still safe by ten feet .
tr	I	No one else will either and I won 't hurt you .
tr	I	She answered it and a phone rang .
tr	O	They had their weapons out , but they didn 't need them .
tr	O	Someone sat beside her , and she scooted over , dropping her Playbill on the floor .
tr	I	Her eyes began to close and Lisa smiled .
tr	O	The hate in his voice startled me , and I stopped walking .
tr	O	Maybe he 'll remember these words later on , and maybe he won 't .
tr	O	Caesar need only speak and it would be done .
tr	O	His eyes flew open and he blinked .
tr	I	She moved like a sprite in the afternoon light , and her crown of ribbons had tangled down her back .
tr	I	There was no one else on the mini island retreat , but I looked around .
tr	O	For a moment Kell was frozen in place , and his eyes closed on the burning sensation that filled them .
tr	O	His chest was completely hairless and it glistened beneath the water .
tr	I	She didn 't see the humor , but he might think that was funny .
tr	I	He detected something in her eyes that was almost yearning , and she held his gaze for a long time .
tr	O	Perhaps he did not here belong And in his land sets foot again .
tr	O	Suddenly his body became leaden , heavy , and with a whoosh he was pulled toward something which felt like a whirlpool .
tr	I	That scandal has mostly been swept under the rug , but they were apparently quite in love with each other .
tr	O	She noticed that Julian realised it , but he didn 't comment it .
tr	I	They 're not in order , but all the pieces are there .
tr	O	What 's more , jealousy is all too often an irrational emotion and not to be dismissed by mere logic .
tr	O	Reacher stepped inside and they stopped talking .
tr	O	It was a boy and they named him Winston .
tr	I	The necessary organ had weakened beyond what human medicine could repair , and she had indeed had another heart attack .
tr	O	Lea got into the car and they drove off .
tr	I	The gangplank swung closed , and Kaz followed me up .
tr	I	I let my wristlet fall to the floor and I turn my back to the half wall .
tr	O	I could have ... but I couldn 't .
tr	O	Twice now he 'd fallen in love , and both times it had been a disaster .
tr	O	I nodded and he continued .
tr	I	I knew the answer was no , but I asked myself if I could kill him .
tr	I	I saw his good side , but he could be arrogant .
tr	I	When she tried to open it , it wouldn 't budge , but she ran for the door .
tr	I	I appeared to be looking straight at the camera , and it had been taken less than an hour earlier .
tr	I	When I went to say something to him , Paul shook his head at me in warning , but he was quiet .
tr	O	The bird song was far too sweet that day , and the sun much too bright .
tr	O	I didn 't know where to take the conversation after his declaration , and he didn 't seem to think anything else needed to be said .
tr	I	Afterward it will fade until the moment comes when it abandons you completely , but there will be a brief time where you experience increased power .
tr	I	They were stuck with each other , but having a roommate was a mistake .
tr	I	His gaze briefly touched her face , and his eyebrows drew together .
tr	O	It looked more like an ax to Jonathan , but he had a reputation to keep .
tr	O	I wanted to believe him , but I didn 't .
tr	I	She jumped a little then giggled and his teeth closed around a sensitive area on her inner thigh , near her sex .
tr	O	My eyes adjust to the darkness and I can see signs of a scuffle behind the counter .
tr	I	The hallway on the other side was empty , as I expected it to be , but I peered through the glass .
tr	I	It scared me and there was something buried in his eyes that I couldn 't be sure of .
tr	O	At first she saw nothing , just a shifting patch of shadow , and then a figure evolved out of the darkness .
tr	O	At long last the shivering began to ease , he carefully inched the water temperature up , and my hands released their tight curl .
tr	O	No one had told me where the kitchen was , but I knew most kitchens were in the same place ; conjoined to the dining room .
tr	O	Here I am now , ready to show you , and you won 't let go of the damn car .
tr	O	A look of guilt spread over her face , and her cheeks blushed a deep shade of rose .
tr	I	It was manageable , but it was distracting .
tr	O	I slammed my hand against the golden wall , and the room trembled .
tr	O	It was from Doc Manner and it was addressed to Joshua .
tr	O	I held back a fierce snarl , and by god was that the hardest thing to do .
tr	O	She smiles , but it trembles .
tr	O	She talks too much all the time but we just tell her to shut up .
tr	O	Yes , you are supposed to be investigating a murder , and I am running a company .
tr	O	There was some kind of subtext that he was trying to intone , but I was just too overwhelmed to understand .
tr	I	The day was lying on my shoulders like a heavy coat , but it was still light , of course .
tr	I	Then Byron went around the corner to Bill 's office , and it was a short elevator ride to the eighth floor .
tr	O	A hand was pressing her face to bare skin , and she felt something run over her lips .
tr	I	I thought I 'd come in person , but you 're supposed to get an email .
tr	O	She knew he liked her ; and actually , she liked him .
tr	O	He considered not answering , but he wanted to see how he would react to talking to her .
tr	I	He had his honor , but he might not have the gentler emotions that made up what passed for a conscience .
tr	O	She needed time to think , and the mists were still fresh .
tr	O	I asked the rock to take me to him , but it wouldn 't .
tr	I	Although she was more than glad to follow wherever he took her , she was tasting him , too , and he led their dance .
tr	I	It was always in places that were innocuous , but she touched him .
tr	I	Now it was time once again to pay the piper and all Thompson wanted was a favor every once in awhile .
tr	I	A bra the color of Louisiana hot sauce and she swayed to the music wearing only panties .
tr	I	Tara enthusiastically agreed , and Myra suggested they practice for a set time daily .
tr	O	Zane wasn 't sure if he was hurting there , or it just made him feel better to hold it .
tr	I	They passed each level with ease , often gaining assistance on the rope from people who happened to be nearby , and the diversion worked though .
tr	I	I have to do it for me , and I have to do it for them .
tr	I	You know it and it 's true .
tr	I	His blood began to throb under his skin and his heart immediately dropped into his stomach .
tr	O	We keep drivin ' it , but we never really get anywhere .
tr	I	I don 't mess around with those jokers that much anymore , but we used to come out here to drink after ridin ' .
tr	O	I tried calling Bri again , but this time the machine answered .
tr	I	He didn 't know the first thing about water prophecies , but the man might have been a powerful Beast Tongue .
tr	I	My hands flew to my ears , and the earth trembled when he spoke .
tr	O	He holds up his hands in a show of surrender , and Lacey thanks him .
tr	I	I didn 't want her to think I was a freak , and it wasn 't every day that people shared the intimate details of their life .
tr	O	His tone was evasive and his expression slightly embarrassed .
tr	I	Everything else was crystal clear , but the girl I chose not to remember .
tr	I	Sable 's was just a shadow over his skull , but wind pushed Loran 's black hair into his eyes .
tr	O	His gaze found me , still frozen behind the statue , and he shook his head .
tr	O	This is a fact of life , and you all need to accept it .
tr	O	She wanted to ask Shane if he was all right , but it would sound stupid under the circumstances .
tr	O	He wanted to help her , but he understood it was pointless .
tr	O	There were masses of parasites in Terry 's system and Nicolas frowned as he focused on the clogged blood .
tr	O	It burned in me that he had no shame about it and I realized that must have been the way he felt with me .
tr	I	She has cracked ribs , which I assume is from the fall and her arm is broken .
tr	O	His laughter faded and his expression hardened .
tr	I	It was impossible when she knew this plane was about to take off , but Rachel smiled stiffly at Emily , wishing she could be more friendly .
tr	O	For a moment all was still , and then the youth urged his horse a few steps nearer .
tr	O	Ricky got up , rolled his blanket up and the two of them started out the door .
tr	O	Nathan looked up and their eyes met .
tr	I	She laughed and her fingertips grazed the sheet below .
tr	I	This would only make a bad situation worse , but which was what I 'd wanted , too .
tr	O	His legs were mangled and a puddle of blood began to gather around his head .
tr	O	His brutality has gained him enemies in his own country , and those enemies are busy spreading those same stories everywhere .
tr	I	I didn 't deserve to stay , but let me stay , I wanted to plead .
tr	I	She seemed to be staring more at Kellan than Griffin , but she was pretty .
tr	I	She 'd wait another night , but it wasn 't bad as ideas go .
tr	O	His cold eyes scanned the crowd , and I got the feeling he was hunting for his next victim .
tr	O	The phone rang and Susannah answered it .
tr	O	A group of birds took off from the woods , and they could hear their wings flapping .
tr	I	She could feel the tension radiating from him , but he was standing motionless .
tr	O	We weren 't there for it , but we felt the love behind the words you said .
tr	I	She managed to nod , but Madison was breathing heavily .
tr	O	His heels hit first , then toes , and he rolled to his knees .
tr	O	Mikey 's visitor smiled in her direction , and it wasn 't a phony smile either .
tr	I	I have two cots we can put in there for your girls for tonight , and it 's a big room .
tr	I	He hadn 't had a good moment since and two weeks ago he 'd walked out on the woman he 'd always loved .
tr	O	It was the fifth game in the series , and Jason had no intention of missing it .
tr	I	Nothing did , but Emma waited to see what would happen next .
tr	I	He felt the effects strongly , and this was the first time he had exerted himself in the dense atmosphere .
tr	I	People felt comfortable with their partners , but we weren 't in pairs anymore .
tr	O	The ball struck him , and he fell dead instantly .
tr	I	He mostly managed to avoid the backswing , and instincts overrode terror .
tr	O	There was a man running along the shore and he was following me !
tr	I	I didn 't see past the one in front of us , but the shimmery light faded , revealing the gods around us .
tr	I	We were pretty far from camp and we had been walking for a while , maybe thirty minutes .
tr	O	I saw her hands hold mine , and the vast space that we were in began to pulsate .
tr	O	He lay where she had thrown him , but he was struggling to a sitting posture .
tr	O	The thought nagged at him , but it was just another unanswered question , like Stefan 's note in Elena 's diary .
tr	I	Your voice changes when you talk about Mom and I see the way your face softens .
tr	O	He needed to open the shop any moment now , but instead , he placed the blade on the page .
tr	I	She liked it and oh yes he was cheeky , asking for that kiss when she thought she was losing him , definitely cheeky .
tr	I	We headed back , and I turned around .
tr	I	The smile returned , and the frown faded .
tr	I	They glistened in the light , and his fangs were fully out .
tr	O	There was a snack compartment in the lower part of the elevator 's car operating panel , and the three girls ate some food .
tr	I	My fingers strangle Evie 's and a terrible thought occurs to me .
tr	I	I 'm going to start crying for the first time in my life and my emotions are going to rush back to me .
tr	I	She glows when she meets my stare and her blond hair lay 's freakishly straight over her shoulders .
tr	O	Funny , every word he said was true but if there wasn 't another set of ears listening , he probably wouldn 't say any of it .
tr	I	At the same time I wanted to swear , but I was glad I was stopping myself .
tr	O	It 's hard to read it under the dim light , but I exaggerate with one closed lid as if I 'm straining to read .
tr	I	Buds were bursting on the trees , and there was no snow .
tr	I	It 's like freedom , only heavier , and I let it wash over me .
tr	O	Right now she looked washed out , and her stride did not have its usual assurance .
tr	O	I 'd been planning on continuing anyway , but it made me happy that Josh had to go now too .
tr	O	Her sister had been through the wringer in the romance department , but when Chris landed in her life everything changed for the better .
tr	O	She 'd grown up with every luxury handed to her , but she 'd learned how empty that luxurious life could be .
tr	O	It was a one-way mirror , like in police stations , and the room was not empty .
tr	O	It was a common name , so I understood , but it also referred to the man 's trade .
tr	I	He 'd pull back , horrified at the real story and those feelings would disappear if he knew everything .
tr	I	I stared back at her , and she had a sweet smile .
tr	I	She wrinkled up her nose , and Alice asked .
tr	I	Sienna didn 't seem to mind and the solution sounded logical to me .
tr	I	He didn 't stir when Kevin opened the passenger door and his eyes were closed .
tr	O	I paid the check , and we left .
tr	O	Luke knows and Magnus knows .
tr	O	It sounded like an agitated animal , but Eli only kept moving .
tr	O	He hadn 't been the best father , but he was the only one she had .
tr	I	They certainly heard his message , but no one could see him .
tr	O	Six has never been a morning person , and from the looks of it , she 's not an afternoon person , either .
tr	O	That second Gansey loomed inside him now , more than ever , and he didn 't like it .
tr	I	Eden 's braves prepared for Holy War , and the Tribe became united , as before .
tr	I	My heart started pounding again , and my gaze locked on the tiny vee of flesh his open fly exposed .
tr	I	Now magic has returned with a vengeance , and we pushed the technological progress too far .
tr	I	The small panel remained half open , and the blue eyes narrowed thoughtfully .
tr	I	Already my justified anger was draining away , but I said , attempting to be firm .
tr	I	He loved her , and Andrew was a good , caring man .
tr	I	Viper could feel her wariness , but she forced a smile to her lips .
tr	I	Straighter than they used to be , he thought and her teeth were whiter .
tr	I	She would 've dispatched whatever Alchemists were closest , and I 'd given Adrian Stanton 's phone number .
tr	I	Before I knew it , Rob caught me off my feet in a hard hug , crushing my bones to my blood , and much called .
tr	O	Within a few seconds Mathew was gone and it was just the two of them .
tr	I	I want us to start our life together with a home you can love , but I know you haven 't said anything .
tr	I	The guys from the band were nowhere to be seen , and they were early , though .
tr	O	Charlotte was far too lovely to be hidden away , and he could easily see himself keeping her for a while .
tr	O	I closed my eyes and he removed his hand .
tr	I	I don 't blame him for not caring for me none , and Hollis is a fine man .
tr	I	Your enemies are quite dangerous , but you have friends here .
tr	O	She was holding the plate in one hand and I noticed it was shaking .
tr	I	There was no one there , but he flicked on the switch .
tr	O	Lilly Porter died in my arms that night , and I died too .
tr	O	My dad took us up there a few weeks ago , but we didn 't even get a chance to go in .
tr	I	His intense gaze wasn 't cooling her down any and her body felt like it was sizzling .
tr	I	I wasn 't convinced , but what Dee said made sense .
tr	I	Ethan groaned and eight The door buzzed .
tr	O	He was the complete opposite of what Hugh had been , and yet they were still the perfect fit .
tr	I	She sucked in a gulp of air and looking down into her eyes , he rolled his h * ps against hers .
tr	O	It was six on the nose and there was no sign of Vane .
tr	I	His head bowed and his hands came behind his back .
tr	I	I decided to give it a try , and I saw a very good size buck .
tr	I	A fear shot through me like I had never known before and every hair on my body stood up .
tr	O	The damage from the first one had ravaged his heart , and he could never allow himself to be that vulnerable again .
tr	O	He barked an order and they obeyed unquestioningly .
tr	O	The women I 'd been spending time with over the last few years didn 't do subtle and until very recently I liked it that way .
tr	O	Color drained from my face , and a rush of dizziness swept inside my head .
tr	O	The threads of black were gone , but the hair was still unnaturally curly .
tr	O	I guess the age difference was really apparent , and to be honest , I had no idea how to relate to her .
tr	O	She moves forward , but I stand still .
tr	I	I skewered him with a glare and his eyes came back to mine .
tr	O	Any signs of sympathy faded from her eyes , and she shot him a withering look .
tr	O	He 'd bared his soul and she didn 't believe him .
tr	O	It wasn 't a lot , but it sure did taste good .
tr	I	Dorian had guessed already , but jess asked hoarsely .
tr	O	This should be something more people did , and it shouldn 't bring about such appreciation .
tr	O	We 're just killing time here , and I can 't do that anymore .
tr	I	He wouldn 't give up , but she hid from their passion together , pushed him away .
tr	I	The sword plunges through his chest , and he leaps in front of me .
tr	O	She hadn 't listened when he 'd said them , but the words were coming back now .
tr	O	My arms were tied so I couldn 't move away and I couldn 't move closer .
tr	O	I 've seen you without your veil and you can 't even offer me that .
tr	I	The fallen man 's sword now rested in the scoundrel 's paw , and fuchs had tripped over our friend 's body .
tr	I	I don 't want to and now I have to explain .
tr	O	It wasn 't what they wanted to address during Christmas break , but they knew it had to be discussed .
tr	O	The man 's face pinched up in pain , and he took several long , struggling breaths .
tr	O	I opened my arms and he dived right in .
tr	O	Alice drove into the city , and we both sighed in relief .
tr	I	I couldn 't wait to see her and she was heading home for Thanksgiving break .
tr	O	She turned toward her closet and I stood up .
tr	I	I had to know if he was safe but I didn 't want to know the answer .
tr	O	She accused him of not being a husband , and he 'd found her lacking as a wife .
tr	O	I reached up to him wanting to feel his body against mine again but he pulled away .
tr	I	It did not mean to let me go , and it had me .
tr	O	Your father is in critical care at the coronary unit and your mother refuses to leave his side .
tr	I	He put a hand on my waist , pulling me towards him , and I stepped closer .
tr	O	It 'd been too damn long since he 'd been with a woman , and he wanted to live while he could .
tr	I	Tears were running down her cheeks , and Catherine 's face was contorted with fear .
tr	I	It smelled great and it was food .
tr	O	We have much to do and I 'll need your help .
tr	I	They left the airport and Mitch laid a twenty on the table .
tr	O	Derek considered himself a brave man , but the hair on the back of his neck stood up when he heard Chancey 's inhuman growl .
tr	I	The air was tinged with joy , and they were laughing , eager .
tr	O	Deni stroked his head , and Jace wanted to purr .
tr	I	She followed him at a trot and her hunger won over her frustration .
tr	O	His silver eyes widened , and his jaw went lax .
tr	I	Something about it was vaguely familiar , and it reminded me of a pinwheel .
tr	I	Trading had been highly volatile since , and a run on a bank in some third world country had sparked panic early in the morning .
tr	I	He knows it and I hate him .
tr	I	I asked anyway , but immediately I knew there was more to her story than she would tell me .
tr	O	Tripp 's eyes went wide and he beamed at me .
tr	O	All the eyes are turned towards the girl , but she pays no attention .
tr	O	My hand feels cold on the white table , and I 'm shaking .
tr	I	She did feel as though they were hiding something , but it didn 't mean anything , of course .
tr	I	Today she would need all the sustenance she could get , and she had never found pale , wiggly water very sustaining .
tr	O	Colton tried to twist the guard 's wrist as he slid across the floor but the man was too strong .
tr	O	He never broke his vows , and he never would .
tr	O	Eric whispered , and I calmly walked up the basement stairs just as the trapdoor flew open .
tr	I	He threw me a glance , and my voice was pleading .
tr	O	She called his cell phone , but Daren still did not answer .
tr	O	The haze of forgetting was now lifted , and I was back again to the only life I 'd ever known .
tr	O	You have never seen anything and you have never touched anything .
tr	O	Now it turned in their direction , and Thor had no time to react .
tr	I	The emotions were still raw and the pain was too real .
tr	O	She could have snapped her ropes with ease , but Gar 's magical bonds were less easily overcome .
tr	I	It was the most beautiful sight he 'd ever seen in his life , and her smile was as wide as a mile .
tr	O	Her father would meet her at Grand Central station and together they would visit with her grandparents until December 23 .
tr	O	I could have made her stay and she would be here .
tr	O	I pull the bucket toward me , but Johnny 's uncle draws it back .
tr	I	Though the kiss was brief , he breathed in the scent of her , and she stiffened as his mouth touched her skin .
tr	I	I had considered taking Zena there but it was a bit out of my price range .
tr	O	I was clouded with grief and I didn 't know it .
tr	I	I like the people here on this farm , and I like what I 'm doing .
tr	O	He 'd been awake for thirty-six hours straight , and he wasn 't going to last much longer .
tr	I	They seemed to be getting caught at every turn , and the morning 's commuter traffic hadn 't hit the late morning lull yet .
tr	I	She nudged him with her shoulder , and the funny look he gave her made her laugh .
tr	O	She leaned over to give me a hug and I held her tightly .
tr	I	He knew when he found the right door and his instincts pushed him on .
tr	I	A crash filled the room as the door opened the first few inches and the handle turned down .
tr	I	I wouldn 't tell them who , but they know someone was with me .
tr	I	It was James and someone walked in .
tr	I	The engine started easily , and the keys were in the ignition .
tr	I	It was too late but Len bawled , trying to stop her .
tr	I	She damn near wanted to race down the two flights of stairs , and Excitement tore through her body because he was here .
tr	I	I was right not to , and I didn 't trust him .
tr	I	Your uncle had several hundred thousand pounds riding on their safe delivery , and that was stuffed full of a new consignment for them .
tr	O	Her face was healed now , but even so , it was different .
tr	I	I don 't shift , but I 'm bleeding profusely now .
tr	I	Richard stomped it to death with his foot , and a large flat worm wiggled out of the eviscerated intestine .
tr	I	He 'd never see her again , and he was going to choke the poor girl .
tr	I	A slight build , and she had wavy brown hair .
tr	I	Another sniff made her change her mind , but at least she 'd see where she was if she found the roof , she reasoned .
tr	O	It wasn 't what he meant to do , but he couldn 't help himself .
tr	O	Norman stepped out , and Harry climbed in .
tr	O	Vane growled low in his throat , but in the end he admitted the truth .
tr	O	Tully had been in Marietta for nearly a week , and there were only a few pieces of candy left .
tr	O	I was beginning to believe they were related but I had no evidence to back it up .
tr	O	Ginny had found herself a decent ride with Nick , and Dean didn 't see her letting go so easily .
tr	I	When he opened it my bleak mood lifted for a moment , and we walked down a dim brick hallway to a steel door .
tr	O	Marta nodded , and her fingers flickered the orders across her instrument .
tr	I	Then she was going after the Council directly , but at that time she was trying to enslave vampires , much like today .
tr	O	Nadia took a step closer , invading her personal space , and Kim poked a finger into the other woman 's bony chest .
tr	O	She didn 't like to be touched and she always kept her distance .
tr	I	All you seem capable of doing is staring out of windows , but I thought you had a backbone .
tr	I	The stars began twinkling above the canopy and he sat until the sky grew dark .
tr	O	Miller is quiet through the rest of class , but when the bell rings , he gives me a nod .
tr	I	He played along , but he didn 't see what he could do .
tr	I	It makes up for that in coziness , but obviously it doesn 't match the John Hancock penthouse in opulence .
tr	I	A little crinkle formed between her eyebrows and the corners of her mouth turned down .
tr	I	When I saw that daylight again permeated the darkness around me , I fought to keep them open and I forced my eyes open .
tr	O	A sigh escaped her mouth , but he caught it .
tr	O	There is no way I can finish now , and the craziest part is that I want to .
tr	I	He knew she 'd already stayed at the farm as long as she could tolerate , and standing , she dropped a quick kiss on his cheek .
tr	O	Kate raised her eyes to where Lydia stood , and they caught on the ragged , gaping hole blown through the back of her t-shirt .
tr	O	He had dated Ana because everyone expected them to , but he had never felt very deeply about her .
tr	I	Never get in , but we 've been signing up for the lottery there for two years now .
tr	O	The orgasm 's intensity dimmed , but delicious aftershocks still occasionally shuddered through her body .
tr	I	I still need Layla 's support to walk , but some strength creeps back into my limbs now .
tr	O	My teeth gritted , and I cringed internally .
tr	I	Many of the occupants were staring at them , and the bar was a U-shape , with perhaps thirty seats .
tr	O	That opportunity was gone now , and I would miss working there .
tr	I	I had to pause , and the question caught me off guard .
tr	O	Someone guarded the pyre on the other side of the rocks , and when Boggs edged closer he could see that it was Silva .
tr	I	His eyes held what looked like genuine warmth , and it gave his sharp face a relaxed look she wasn 't really used to seeing .
tr	I	The pain had been exquisite , but it hadn 't taken the fool as long to die as she would have liked .
tr	I	He came back to her again , but for a moment his eyes dropped .
tr	I	He fought back in self-defense , and a tear rolled down her cheek , breaking him .
tr	O	When he won , he gloated , but it was better than if she had beaten him .
tr	O	He grunted and I felt him pull my shorts down exposing my ass .
tr	I	I held her high up above me on the wall , and my tongue rubbed her clit .
tr	I	It would have been nice to have a cell phone nonetheless , but it was true that I didn 't have anyone to call .
tr	I	There was even more left and huge work had been done .
tr	O	He spoke to us , even wrote down what we said , but he never looked at anyone else .
tr	O	It was before dawn , and the building was quiet .
tr	O	I could see rows of droplets on the pine ceiling and now , for the first time , there was water on the stairs .
tr	I	He fluttered his eyes and her tears dripped onto his cheeks .
tr	I	Then he sucks ever so gently on my earlobe , and he continues with long , languid strokes of his lips on my neck .
tr	O	Mr. Mercer dropped his fork onto his plate of untouched lasagna , and Mrs. Mercer stared at the screen with a rapt , shocked expression .
tr	I	She could feel it in her mind , but his mocking amusement might not have shown on his face .
tr	I	With Manny , you could never tell , but he was probably phoning from the lab .
tr	I	He grinned at me and I stiffened .
tr	O	She held the sword out to him , but he refused to take it .
tr	I	His teeth ached and his face muscles locked .
tr	O	He doesn 't mess about and I crest quickly .
tr	I	He told me to focus on the Realization , and I said the same thing to Mr. Weathers .
tr	O	A voice yelled from the other side of the door and the boy disappeared into the darkness like a frightened rat .
tr	I	Paul quickly sobered , but they both laughed .
tr	I	She was truly gone and all these people with abilities beyond anything I ever could have imagined ?
tr	O	There was a disgruntled look on her face , but she didn 't say anything .
tr	I	I 'm realizing just how big an addiction it can become for me , like drugs and it damn near broke me back in Vegas .
tr	O	Because as we scooted past Uncle Drac 's broom cupboard I bumped into Sir Horace and he fell over with a horrible crash .
tr	O	My arms were feeling raw and they ached from the exertion .
tr	I	Zeke follows , and I dismiss myself to the bathroom .
tr	O	A woman 's voice rings out , and I recognize Mary at once .
tr	O	I grin and a chuckle escapes my lips .
tr	O	He mirrored her , but just as if a pane of glass were between them , they both let their hand fall before they could touch .
tr	I	It was too crowded , but she tried to see if Ron was behind the bar .
tr	I	The motion took us into a canter , and he clicked again .
tr	I	I enjoyed the feeling that gave me -- a surge from my balls to my head , and she complied as soon as I spoke .
tr	O	Of course , there was everything odd about the things around her , but it was a huge major oddness that was simply in their nature .
tr	O	It was a certain something that caused people to gawk at him , and it wasn 't just his good looks .
tr	O	There was a lot more to Will Galia than I had ever thought and I caught myself wondering just how deep the well went .
tr	O	Meredith tried to interrupt Ms. Blanc , but she steamrolled over her as she had me .
tr	I	He knew that his friends were probably pulling on it , hoping to bring him back , and immediately it slithered away .
tr	O	I wasn 't a bad student , but I wasn 't brilliant , either .
tr	O	Minutes wore on as pinks , yellows , and greens rolled by .
tr	O	We ran to the Range Rover and the rain was coming down harder than before .
tr	O	He was ruining their Christmas vacation plans , and the Smarts would be the only ones not there .
tr	I	I tightened my grip , in awe of his rock-hard abs beneath my fingertips , and he accelerated up the mountain .
tr	I	Dawson put a massive arm in front of him , but Jason started to follow me .
tr	O	The doors opened , and we stepped off .
tr	O	The circumstances are unfortunate but Alexa always had a way to bring people together .
tr	I	Clint got down from the ring to greet us , and the fighters took a break a few minutes later .
tr	I	He had virtually accepted that before she would come , he would die of breathlessness but he had seen his mother rushing towards him from a distance .
tr	I	He knew she was doing a great deal more than simply walking out of a room , and then she walked away from him .
tr	O	Curtains covered all of the windows except for the window opposite mine which was uncovered , and dimly lit .
tr	I	She continues and her voice shifts into a lighter tone .
tr	I	He wouldn 't let her but she tried to slip out of his embrace .
tr	O	His weight held her down , forcing her to accept his pace and the short , fierce digs of his c * ck inside her .
tr	O	He could walk her through this now , but he wouldn 't be there for her in the long run .
tr	O	My old life was about to end , and my new one was ready to begin .
tr	O	As though sensing her plan , the man saw her sooner than she had anticipated , but she scuttled as fast as her legs would carry her .
tr	I	She should just quit torturing herself about it , and it wouldn 't work .
tr	O	It 's very scary and it 's has been this way for a few months now .
tr	I	That taste of her had just left an agonizing desire for more , and he 'd sampled her sweetness on their one night together over the holidays .
tr	I	She bites back a smile and her gaze returns to the dress .
tr	I	I cringed and he whispered in my ear .
tr	O	They kept the surprise from their faces , but he scented their tempers .
tr	O	She stiffened in his arms , preparing to pull away , but before she could , a sound near the door made Radcliffe himself pull back .
tr	I	Something inside her told her that it 's not good , but her face dropped , still not knowing what he wanted to say .
tr	I	Every extra second gave chance an opportunity to step in , but he didn 't know what he was going to do .
tr	O	The van behind him accelerated away and Josef turned to look at it .
tr	I	The sight of it made her suddenly queasy , and it was on the desk near her calendar , partially hidden by a stack of catalogs .
tr	I	They executed it well , and they had this planned very well .
tr	I	Lately , I 'd been failing , and SOS needed a strong leader .
tr	O	His name was Frank , and he looked like Dracula .
tr	I	They didn 't die , but they got knocked for a loop when the Zap hit .
tr	O	He planted soft kisses on her skin and Olivia relaxed her legs around his waist .
tr	O	Lizzie tried to take in what the woman was saying but it seemed so far-fetched that her brain just turned off .
tr	I	The lumbering van slowly gained speed and if anything , he sped up .
tr	I	When she put her full weight behind it , it finally gave way with a squeak , but it met with a bit of resistance .
tr	O	Dennis ' own financial situation was hardly glamorous , but he could probably afford to lighten the load .
tr	O	He was already starting to move inside me again and despite my horror at our carelessness , my body was still responding .
tr	I	I froze , and he said .
tr	I	I stared at him , confused and my arms dropped to my side .
tr	O	A weight pushed on his legs and Dean looked into the brown eyes of a young woman .
tr	I	I grabbed her arms again , but Lisa jerked away from me .
tr	I	You know what they say about women over thirty , and Thirty is only a couple years away .
tr	O	I guess Ethan must have tried to delete it , but their forensics guy retrieved it from the SD card .
tr	I	Now they weren 't even bothering to hide it , and she had never gotten used to everyone looking at her .
tr	O	Merely being able to listen frustrated him , and soon he wanted the set on only for the news .
tr	O	A dozen had turned into two dozen and every last one of them had not taken their eyes off Jude tonight .
tr	O	I glance over at him and his eyes are focused hard on the road in front of him .
tr	O	She had nowhere to go and she wasn 't strong enough to hit him hard enough to somehow get by him , much less overpower him .
tr	O	I can ´ t really see the pictures clearly but they look like troops of beings .
tr	I	He damn well knew it , and Kennedy tossing his hair out of his eyes was an arresting sight .
tr	I	She smiled at me and I broke our kiss .
tr	I	Once again as I put my weight onto my feet I felt very unsteady and I remembered to get out of the chair slowly .
tr	O	I felt the resistance of the metal beneath my forefinger and it hit me for the first time just what I was about to do .
tr	I	I also love Gemma , but I really do .
tr	I	Last week was exactly a year since we made that promise to Julia , but we haven 't discussed it .
tr	I	I was exhausted and this was my first trip to California .
tr	I	King wasn 't having it , but now I was the one who had to look away .
tr	O	I 'm asleep , but you aren 't .
tr	O	She has a few things at my place back in Detroit , but that 's easy enough to take care of .
tr	I	The gospels are even different from that , but I didn 't include the Torah of the Hebrews , because I didn 't know it .
tr	O	She snorted onto his chest , but he gently lifted her chin .
tr	I	I seized my chance , and the Marsh creature toppled .
tr	I	I lifted my head in a weary , silent thank-you , and Fade slid in with a smooth strike , saving me .
tr	O	I was fairly certain he wouldn 't volunteer , but I didn 't want to see how far she 'd take things .
tr	O	His eyes glowed feverishly , and I shrank back .
tr	I	I quickly retrieved my bag from the back seat , and the sun was warm as it greeted my spine .
tr	I	Charlotte was not , to say the least , a demonstrative young woman , but she had a strong suspicion that she did .
tr	O	The nanny was back to take care of her during the days and Frank had hired a housekeeper as well .
tr	I	I 'll sell them in the future , one by one , and I 'll wait until this all dies down .
tr	I	Caden 's arms were there to grip me firmly , but my knees buckled .
tr	O	I tried to walk for help but I fell in a ditch .
tr	O	He fixed my stance once more with his feet and I could feel the blood rush to my belly .
tr	O	There was a tightness in the tendons of her neck , and her nostrils flared at each breath .
tr	I	Simon gives me a bouquet of flowers he picked himself , and Karen gives me a haphazardly wrapped gift of bubble bath .
tr	O	William had promised he would get details of their arrangements to her when he could , and she wondered if it was him .
tr	I	His eyes grew hard and Nick 's smile faded .
tr	I	I could ask him for advice and I was told he was knowledgeable .
tr	O	He 'd been on his way to a party and he knew .
tr	O	Its lips breathe no words but Iris could hear them on her thoughts .
tr	I	She stared at the wall away from me and we sat down .
tr	O	He had stopped and he 'd allowed them to search the van .
tr	O	We headed to the antique store that I frequented and I immediately scanned the glass case for a vial .
tr	I	We could let you out of this awful place , and you could assuage their fears if you simply told us the truth .
tr	I	My blood began to pump , adrenaline flooding my body and I took note of the rifle strapped behind the seats .
tr	O	My eyes dart around the room to see where the other members are located and I can 't stop the shiver running through me .
tr	O	I sent a couple of my boys by after we found the Zodiac , but he won 't talk to the uniforms .
tr	I	I moved out of the way , and Michael leaned into the locker .
tr	I	Now they act as if they don 't recognize each other , but just a few weeks ago Raven was under his possession .
tr	I	His heart was no longer in it , but finally , he tried one last joke .
tr	O	The smell of old grease mixed with burnt fish sticks and pizza hung in the air .
tr	O	I told him I 'd clean up since he 'd gotten everything ready , and he settled contentedly in the living room in front of the TV .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell him , but his grip was too tight .
tr	I	This was taking all his concentration and Jonesy also had to move the craft with the slow tumbling of the asteroid in two different directions .
tr	I	I bounced on my heels and his words only caused my grin to widen .
tr	O	There was a fire and she was horrifically burned .
tr	I	This was the way to do it , and I needed to oust those fire demons .
tr	I	The children grew up and the years passed .
tr	I	He did not move away , and she ventured to lay her hand on his shoulder .
tr	I	He was definitely a New Englander , but he might be a vampire .
tr	O	He looked into my eyes and I could see so many things there .
tr	O	She hated to admit it , but his unwavering confidence aroused her .
tr	I	Both started giggling harder , and they exchanged a glance .
tr	I	Mere wanting didn 't count , but she wanted to believe him .
tr	O	The conversation took a turn , but I had no idea where .
tr	I	My gaze was glued to his ass as he strolled past , but he didn 't look at me as I drooled after him , thank God .
tr	I	He didn 't need it , but he hadn 't brought a writing utensil .
tr	I	She wasn 't beyond caring now and she wasn 't beyond caring then .
tr	O	The halls were still covered in debris , but most of it was being cleaned up .
tr	O	His breath stunk to high heaven , and she pulled back in uncontrollable disgust .
tr	O	All she could see was the wood , and the iron cross drenched with squirting blood .
tr	O	The point of it had exited well past his right ear and he was strangling on his own blood .
tr	I	Her urges in this moment couldn 't be more primitive , but hell , she accused him of being a caveman .
tr	O	I didn 't want to be rude , and the dance had been fun .
tr	O	I didn 't even know if he would be home , but his current car project was parked in the driveway .
tr	O	Her eyebrows knitted into a frown , and a sharp pain lanced her heart .
tr	O	She 'd asked him already , but he wouldn 't answer .
tr	I	I had a mouth full of it , and Yep , sure enough , the scratchy , dry surface was grass .
tr	I	I keep going , feeling the soft , veiny skin of his cock ripple slightly at my touch and he removes his hand .
tr	O	They showed a movie , and my neighbor got headphones .
tr	O	All I had to do was follow my purple markings on the trees and I would be home .
tr	O	A little voice in the back of her mind urged her to peek , but she shook it off .
tr	O	I could tell he was worried watching me jump at any loud sound , or my face suddenly go white for no reason that he could see .
tr	O	She signaled Saber to her left , and Saber virtually disappeared into the brush .
tr	O	I nod and he leaves .
tr	O	Something darker flashed in his green eyes and I wanted to take a step back .
tr	O	That same small smile appeared again , but this time it reflected in his eyes as well .
tr	I	It was heavy enough to have contained dozens of pictures , and the paper was thicker than he had realized .
tr	O	It should have opened then , but it didn 't .
tr	O	She could barely make out the moon , but it was there , a silver crescent shining directly above them .
tr	I	Dreamer gently took him from Pandora , and Julian reached for her happily .
tr	O	I look at his face , but he 's rubbing sleep out of his eyes .
tr	O	I repeated the spell I said earlier to summon the cloaks Anita and I were wearing .
tr	O	She didn 't want to , but she couldn 't help it .
tr	I	Each of its feet consisted of three razor sharp claws , and two stumpy horns protruded from its flat forehead .
tr	I	He didn 't seem to have the energy to leave , yet carrying on a polite conversation was beyond him .
tr	O	Chrissie 's mind was already made up and Susannah wondered why her daughter had bothered to ask in the first place .
tr	O	Her eyes lifted to his and he knew she was pissed .
tr	O	My eyes were on the road , but I could tell he was smiling .
tr	O	Her heart was going crazy and her breath refused to enter her lungs .
tr	I	He couldn 't say he blamed her and Rina barely spoke to him .
tr	O	We were joined in the human plane and that oneness will remain forever through eternity .
tr	I	My body vibrates with the groan he releases , and he grows steadily even harder in my grip .
tr	I	I also know that I don 't want to do it and I know that this is another test .
tr	O	He did , however , play the guitar and he practiced daily , hoping his big break was just around the corner .
tr	I	He doubted that Noelle would enjoy using them and all the towels he 'd found in the drawers had been the recent home of little mouse families .
tr	I	That day was still a few months away , but boy , it sure would be a sight to see that formation .
tr	O	He jumps to catch the bal , but it sails right over his head .
tr	I	I see this as an opportunity I never expected to come along , but I can find something to do for money if I have to .
tr	O	I don 't know why he chose me as his pupil but there were others as well .
tr	I	A rush of adrenaline made her whole body tremble , and she slipped a single case of the microchips into her pocket .
tr	I	He 'd felt alive and for days his mind had been flying .
tr	O	I dissolved into another fit of tears , and he just pulled me in close , tucking my head underneath his chin , against his chest .
tr	I	Gail wasn 't home all that often , but sometimes he came to the events Gail attended when she was home .
tr	I	Without waiting for a second ring , Jazmine leaped like a gazelle into the other room , and the phone rang then .
tr	O	They support him in everything he does and he does everything he can for them .
tr	I	The sunlight pouring in from the window made her eyes ache , and her head felt as if someone had buried an ax in her skull .
tr	O	He opened his mouth as if to speak , but only a thin line of blood dribbled out .
tr	O	I want to tell you but it 's a condition of my part in the hunt for the extinction weapon .
tr	I	They almost never snored , and they were very beautiful .
tr	O	There should never even have the slightest chance of it , and he would not commit the same mistake again .
tr	I	It could be worse , a lot worse , but yeah , it sucked that I had to leave my friends .
tr	O	Bards don 't often juggle ; but this fellow didn 't mind the request .
tr	I	The doors opened , and the elevator stopped .
tr	I	My strength slowly drained away but I tried to control her .
tr	I	Her name was Corinne , and he had a home now .
tr	I	She didn 't want to see anyone , and she didn 't want to go anywhere .
tr	I	It was still not fully dark , and it was almost midnight .
tr	O	Satisfaction simmered in his eyes and he pulled his hand away , leaving her feeling bereft of his touch .
tr	I	The half-finished fence did nothing to amend the view , and the gravesite that Mrs. Conklin had selected was desolate .
tr	I	That 's not what we want it for , but it won 't make a great barricade .
tr	O	The shadow was creeping up a misty glacier but the buttes were gleaming in the setting sun .
tr	O	His concern warmed me , but at the same time , I was impatient .
tr	I	It was necessary , but I truly did .
tr	I	He knew she was only with him out of pity , and she didn 't believe he could ever love her .
tr	I	I can 't seem to catch my breath and my body visibly shakes .
tr	O	The pain of moving sends a wave of nausea coursing through me and I collapse back to the grass .
tr	O	At the door , he looked back at the woman , but her attention was on the brooches , not on him .
tr	I	He hugged Toby tighter , and his face was serious .
tr	O	she asks , and I nod .
tr	I	He fed me a spark , but I started as kindling .
tr	O	She was already gone , but her soul was fighting to survive , to stay .
tr	I	I stopped her , but she started to stammer .
tr	I	I should have died and they should have lived .
tr	I	I was afraid to hear it and he 'd passed judgment on me .
tr	O	He smirked and I laughed .
tr	I	I gave him the all clear , and Simon looked over from the bar .
tr	I	He kept shooting looks at the gate , but she wanted more time with the boy .
tr	I	It was obvious they were shouting at each other , but Emma couldn 't hear a word through the glass .
tr	O	I wanted him to , but I wouldn 't ask .
tr	O	I don 't know what 's going on , but I guarantee you there 's a lot more to it than any of them are letting on .
tr	I	He 's all right , but it 'll delay his arrival in Idris .
tr	I	She was still there , and her eyes snapped open .
tr	O	He released her hand , and Melinda missed his touch .
tr	O	I had no idea what the song playing was , and I didn 't care .
tr	O	He paused for too long , and her heart began to sink .
tr	O	It 's only Wednesday and I 've already lost count of how many times I 've called Olivia .
tr	I	I try not to cry and I can feel my eyes burning .
tr	I	They can 't always tell what flavor they are , but all uniques can tell when another person is unique .
tr	O	Her head was bowed down to the skull in her hand and her eyes closed , black hair falling over her face .
tr	I	Mine was gray and his was black .
tr	I	The old man didn 't want to participate ; but there was a slim chance for hope .
tr	I	For a dizzy moment Clary thought she could see flames in them , like twin fires in the darkness , and his eyes were wide .
tr	O	He was a good distance from her , a part of the crowd , and yet she was sure she recognized those tawny eyes .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to respond to Lloyd , but I hadn 't thought of that .
tr	I	Her looks were nothing to be ashamed of , either , but she knew very well that she was no raving beauty .
tr	I	They hadn 't got there yet , but if they saved up enough money , one of them could finish college .
tr	I	I couldn 't think clearly and Adrenaline pumped through my legs .
tr	O	His crown was hung negligently on the back of his chair , and his round , red face was gleaming with perspiration .
tr	O	I loved you desperately , and I have only wanted what is best for you .
tr	O	I offered to help but she wanted do this by herself since I had made lunch .
tr	I	I 'd already started , but suddenly , the idea of making her jealous made my gut churn .
tr	O	Xavier feared he would lose her and in a way , he did .
tr	O	I know this isn 't going well , but I won 't back out now .
tr	I	He 's staring me , and I open my eyes .
tr	O	He had not counted on her reaction , and he felt like a heel for not calling her sooner .
tr	O	He was wearing a pair of boxer shorts , and I felt his hardness against my leg .
tr	I	Like he genuinely wanted to know , but Sam didn 't sound indignant .
tr	O	His lips pursed in disgust and I thought he might be considering dropping me onto the hard floor .
tr	I	The little sigh of breath she let go hit the skin of my neck , and she nodded .
tr	O	I think it looks pretty fun and all the sides are different colors .
tr	O	My hair is plastered , completely drenched , and my mascara has bled two inches down my face .
tr	O	They 're innocent of everything , and no one has been as patient with RO as you have .
tr	I	It was worth it but it cost him plenty .
tr	I	I would risk destroying Natalie 's good standing with all the other covens or I knew then that I had to get out of the house immediately .
tr	I	He certainly didn 't let his surroundings define who he was and Ty was not a complainer .
tr	O	Shane was nervous and I held us together , as usual .
tr	I	She 'd made up her mind to see this through , but okay , so her stinging pride burned a little hotter .
tr	I	I cut a look over my shoulder , and my scalp tingled .
tr	O	It 's all perfectly tiresome , but I do understand the need for conservation , of course .
tr	I	They circled each other , eyes locked and he fell back of his own accord .
tr	I	Another frustrated male voice stops me in my tracks , but fearing I might be right , I turn to leave .
tr	O	Damian tried to stay upright , but the sheer force threw him into the wall .
tr	I	Cassie had the urge to pull her back , and her mother stepped forward in spite of Timothy 's rebuke .
tr	O	I felt as though I could breathe again , and I realized things would be okay after all .
tr	O	Her nausea had calmed down and she was thirsty .
tr	I	Kathy breathed a sigh of relief , and in it was a piece of paper with the password on it .
tr	I	He failed to understand things the way they were now , but Merrill hadn 't called Griffin out on this before .
tr	O	Those demons would never leave me , and no matter what happened , all that she 'd taught me would stay with me forever .
tr	O	I hated this , but I had to do it .
tr	O	He turned to look at me and I saw sparks in his eyes .
tr	O	Jared 's jaws worked under his skin , and he struggled to relax enough to speak to me in a calm voice .
tr	O	They were hidden all over the United States , and you had to solve puzzles to find them .
tr	O	He 'd been gone for a long time , but his body had followed the rest of him .
tr	O	The health of each member of the family was drunk to , and the children happily lifted their tumblers of milk to join in .
tr	I	I changed where I lived often , and no place I lived was home .
tr	I	His words stopped her feet and she heard him yelling .
tr	I	I wanted to melt into it , and he was wearing that ghost smile .
tr	O	He saw you enter the hotel , and he went to ask your name .
tr	I	They have no option but a lot of the Irish I met there don 't want to be there .
tr	O	He crawled across the bed toward her , and she suddenly realized how clothed she was in comparison .
tr	O	He took a step towards me angrily , and Jenny put a hand on his chest .
tr	O	She didn 't realize her question was inappropriate , but apparently , it was .
tr	O	A few hours later the beeps don 't wake me , but the frustrated shout of someone across the room does .
tr	I	He looked at the file again and Mr. Gonsalves head tipped forward .
tr	O	The turtle started to chuckle and I felt my tentacles rubbing against each other in a kind of embarrassment .
tr	I	His eyes searched the woods , and Ethan moved away from her .
tr	I	We have coordinates , and the Agency located their ship as it was leaving the Alliance .
tr	I	I stopped at the landing , right by the nailed up stairway and he actually caught me by the shoulder .
tr	O	You were the kindest , most genuine person I 've ever known , and I 'm so sorry you were hurt like this .
tr	O	A field mouse ran across the floor and she sighed .
tr	I	With Mike in her life , they were downright dangerous , but the very thoughts were anathema to her on a normal day .
tr	O	Her voice had now turned ice cold and Jenna felt herself flinch .
tr	I	He wasn 't surprised , and the truth hadn 't snuck up on him .
tr	O	I thought she meant the room I was in , and I was confused if she wanted more lights on .
tr	I	The two Guardsmen had already tumbled limply from their saddles , and the man riding behind him was Toth .
tr	I	She had no way to trace the writer , but the handwriting on the letters appeared exactly alike .
tr	O	The Order lived in unquestionable comfort , but it was clear that this was a tactical location .
tr	I	Her forehead was pressed against the backdoor and she whispered to herself while her eyes were closed .
tr	O	His head still ached a little , but the real ache he felt was when he thought about Sophia .
tr	O	Her body felt as if it didn 't fit , and hard knots appeared beneath her skin on every muscle .
tr	I	Tilting back her head , she met his wild gaze , and he jerked beneath her touch .
tr	O	His face had lost its deathly white pallor and some colour had crept back into his cheeks .
tr	O	His hot skin burned my fingers , and the way he moaned into my mouth set me afire .
tr	O	The GP hadn 't yet been formed - that was still decades down the road - and the Conseil Rouge retained power .
tr	I	She wore tight black pants with a similarly plain black shirt , and her Cupid 's bow lips were covered in deep red lipstick .
tr	I	The group took their first steps out on New Castle Island and the sea taxi finally pulled up to the dock attached to the island .
tr	I	I answered them the same way , and she asked me the same questions she 'd asked me Saturday night .
tr	I	My breathed was ragged and my throat was seized .
tr	O	What was down there , he didn 't know , but he could guarantee it wouldn 't be a party .
tr	O	It was dark out and I wasn 't sure how much time had elapsed since I first went into hell .
tr	O	The sound of feet coming up the stair dispelled his sense of uneasiness , and he gave his orders quietly .
tr	O	Laura was nonchalant , but Amy was shocked .
tr	O	I can hardly hear him as I browse through the messages on my phone , but there aren 't any from Kayden .
tr	O	The building had only been up for a little over a year ; but through time , the floor would certainly cave in .
tr	I	I 'll do what I can , but if he 's read my article , I doubt he 'll give me one .
tr	O	Her father had objected at first , but then had bowed beneath its utter practicality .
tr	I	His eyes glazed over with predatory concentration , and his preoccupation with his next victim took precedence .
tr	I	I need to be less hard on myself right now , but I feel sorry for myself , that much is true .
tr	I	It hadn 't caught my eye and I had been too overwhelmed with everything else when I 'd been in here before .
tr	I	The response he opened mouth for didn 't arrive , and Sergei furrowed his brow .
tr	O	He grinned , and for the first time , Samantha noticed the faint traces of dimples in the glow of the light .
tr	I	I just want to drop it and it 's obvious that no one understands .
tr	I	Gator was gyrating on the bar and there were crocodiles swimming around inside .
tr	I	Brianna was there , smiling and the door swung open .
tr	I	The little car buzzed to life and he touched the ignition wires together .
tr	I	I had a feeling that this was what I was supposed to do , but maybe it was my Gypsy gift .
tr	O	He knew all the secrets the politicians wanted to keep hidden , and he could expose those secrets at any time .
tr	I	She felt something was amiss , but nothing looked particularly wrong .
tr	O	There 's a little boy , about twelve I suppose , but the rest of us are girls .
tr	I	It was making her uncomfortable and Shirley was surrounded by vampires .
tr	I	Her kind did love water but she didn 't know why .
tr	I	Tucker glared at her and Chanel spoke too loudly .
tr	O	It didn 't hurt , but it gave me chills .
tr	I	Everyone had their nose in a book , and it was unfortunately a silent reading period .
tr	O	Trevor will be upset , but I 'm sure he would appreciate you backing out before you say your vows .
tr	O	I sat back down in my chair and I began to watch my show again .
tr	O	Lydia could feel her daughter-in-law 's body relax slightly and the shaking stopped .
tr	I	Yet he 's come close to escape more than once , and even surrounded by guards , encircled by high fences , often ill .
tr	O	I know you 're thinking I still had the big picture to think about , but ironically , I 'd landed exactly where I wanted to be .
tr	I	Instead of helping Robbie to feel better , the treatments had only made him feel worse and the physician had been called in .
tr	O	She tried to stop walking , but he kept moving her along .
tr	I	You 're wagering on it again , and they called it the Great Game .
tr	I	That was what mattered , and he was trying though .
tr	O	It seemed high enough that my spells would go undetected , and with only a pinch of trepidation I drew up my Spirit .
tr	I	Byron wondered if she was supposed to be security , and she asked .
tr	O	Angela slowly smiled , and William knew she had figured it out .
tr	I	She knew it and she had him .
tr	O	I couldn 't see him , but oh , I could feel .
tr	O	He darts his eyes away from mine and he looks around the car nervously .
tr	O	Rose smiled at Violet , and they went downstairs together .
tr	I	I still can 't find the words I 'm looking for , and I 've been sitting here for hours just thinking about it .
tr	I	His eyes sparkled , and Maureen 's gaze met Thom 's .
tr	O	It was the sweetest , craziest , most romantic thing I 'd ever witnessed , and I didn 't know what to make of it .
tr	O	The expression on her face is so enticing and her sparkling green eyes are full of wonder .
tr	I	Our lips meet and he slowly brings his mouth to mine .
tr	I	He was not about to change it and being master of his own fate was the prime directive of his life .
tr	O	I tried to smile but it hurt too much .
tr	O	He knew he was overreacting , but he was hopeful they would buy into it .
tr	O	The king is supposed to be the repository of wisdom but this king had his priorities wrong .
tr	O	I had not thought of this stroke , but I judged any resolute answer better than the wisest pondering .
tr	I	To keep peace as neighbors , they agreed and they even had a talk with his parents .
tr	O	He 'd managed to slip into the house without Bec noticing and he wanted to avoid his brother for as long as possible .
tr	O	She looked for numbers by the doors but there were none that she could see .
tr	I	They 'll get her sewn up , and the doctors are in there .
tr	O	He believes he 's crazy , but I know he 's not .
tr	I	After a while he got to the suburbs where Jim Stalin 's home was located and Adam followed her instructions precisely .
tr	I	She looked at her cats that had just ambled into the kitchen and he was soon gone from the premises .
tr	I	His towel slipped off , and he stood .
tr	O	He knew he could wipe the guilt from her memory , but he was reluctant to mess with her mind too often .
tr	I	Today he was a fish flopping on the desert floor , but Clint was usually the strong one .
tr	O	The shower door suddenly opened , breaking her train of thought and Inez smiled with gratitude when she saw Thomas holding up a bath towel for her .
tr	O	He sat alone sipping a clear drink , and the man 's presence sent a chill down Lord 's spine .
tr	O	Eric 's eyes were on the screen still , and I grabbed my jacket quickly .
tr	O	A small parking lot had been created across the road , and I had to park there .
tr	O	His eyes lost focus for a moment , and I wondered what he was thinking about .
tr	I	The door came up easily , and I yanked at the ring .
tr	I	His son mentioning her name made their separation even more acute , but Ryan told him he didn 't believe she could .
tr	O	I needed him at the dinner table and I needed to set out the food .
tr	I	His voice is calm , but his gaze is piercing .
tr	O	I change into my clothes and the nurse unlocks the door .
tr	I	Who said : Be careful what you wish for , was right , and I was too curious about him .
tr	I	I was hesitant to let her go and she swayed alarmingly , gripping the wall .
tr	O	We walked three days , and now we 're here .
tr	O	I was ordinary and that was extraordinary .
tr	O	The trap was a neat little box , and that told Sam this plan had been in the works awhile .
tr	O	It was just he and I , the only two people on the earth .
tr	I	Her mouth was dry , but she tried to swallow .
tr	I	There were about fifty students in the class , and she hadn 't spoken up during his lecture .
tr	O	Ethan had stayed in his spare room overnight , but somehow Vikram knew he would be gone already .
tr	I	Amy forced her to slow her pace , but Laura started quickly .
tr	I	It was there that she pulled them , and only a few yards behind them was the craggy mouth of the hollowed-out vision tree .
tr	I	It scares me , but I 'll admit , maybe it isn 't all bullshit .
tr	O	She was the daughter my parents never had , and she loved this land in a way I never could .
tr	I	I 'd break my neck and there 's no way that Quinn could catch me in time .
tr	O	It wasn 't much of a tombstone , but it would have to do for now .
tr	O	shouted the skinny girl next to him and they erupted into peals of raucous laughter .
tr	O	It 's going to take some time , but you will understand .
tr	O	Raegan 's bottom lip was pushed out a bit , and Hank was frowning so severely that a deep line had formed between his brows .
tr	O	Flash after flash of lightning illuminated the sky , and something huge ripped through the water toward me .
tr	O	He shoved at them and Gwen trotted up to help .
tr	O	All I had to do was wait for him to swing back this way , and then the bastard would be mine for the killing .
tr	I	The top rooms seemed to have older students than in the lower ones and these rooms all appeared to be occupied with girls .
tr	I	Felix was between them , setting down the wooden tray with a fresh set of five shots each , and there was a shadow across the table .
tr	O	Jem is not well enough , but he Will say he is .
tr	I	That 's A there is to it , and it will because it has to .
tr	O	Artemis had told him that Eric had taken Terese back to Louisiana , but she couldn 't tell him exactly where in Louisiana the bastard was .
tr	I	Already she didn 't like him and she hadn 't even met him .
tr	O	I 'd been using it to poke at the fire , but now it served a better purpose -- protection .
tr	O	Suddenly her eyes snapped open and she looked at her brother .
tr	O	This kind of lie , where both of us knew the truth , choked me up , and I loved her for that too .
tr	O	I had told the world what we were doing and now there was absolutely nothing to show for it .
tr	O	I couldn 't understand him a bit and yet he could read my every intention .
tr	O	Number eight rams me into the wall , forcing the air from my lungs , but I don 't tear my eyes from the net .
tr	O	His hands are shaky , and I make him eat something .
tr	I	Intense pain overtook my body and I tried to sit up .
tr	O	My lips crash over hers , and her mouth opens for me without hesitation .
tr	O	She would be most helpful on the island , but that didn 't leave him with much to work with .
tr	O	He turned to Hodge , and Clary saw the slight movement of his throat as he swallowed .
tr	O	I didn 't want to without her permission but it was the only way to save her .
tr	I	She could never be considered fluent , but in high school she 'd taken a couple of years of the language .
tr	O	Silence reigned for several tense seconds as Caleb and the woman in front of him stared at each other .
tr	O	When I opened them , it was done , and Madeline Magda Monroe was fully encased in my elemental Ice .
tr	I	Much of it was four lane and Provincial Highway 17 was almost a straight shot to the border .
tr	O	The thought flashed through her mind , and she couldn 't deny its truth .
tr	O	It 's getting late and she 's going to be up soon .
tr	O	Maybe I 've done one too many Dead of Night episodes , but the town of Wilby is starting to give me the creeps .
tr	I	Once you leave there , you will be in peril once again but your energy will be recharged in Hades ' palace .
tr	I	There was a tiny window through which she could hear the ocean and the walls were made of cinder blocks .
tr	I	He nodded , and a pained look crossed his face .
tr	O	It made no sense but she 'd wanted me .
tr	I	The shirt still had both its sleeves , and he was wearing a shirt , for one thing .
tr	I	She had welcomed him and he 'd been consumed with his need to possess her .
tr	O	The airport had been snowed in for a couple of days and neither of them had clocked any flying time since Christmas .
tr	O	His eyes drift back toward the ocean , and he folds his hands on the railing .
tr	I	We left his room , and Jonah grabbed up keys .
tr	O	Dean went to haul him back , but I was faster .
tr	O	She turned on the TV , and still she couldn 't concentrate for more than a few minutes .
tr	O	The chains were spelled , but it was nothing we couldn 't break .
tr	O	He held up a brown bag and a Hello Kitty thermos Nadia recognized .
tr	O	It took every ounce of his will , but Michael 's eyes stayed glued to the Tangent .
tr	O	She might know that Cinderella was a big myth , but right at that moment she would have denied it .
tr	I	The cat predominantly ignored him , but on several occasions , Albert attempted to teach the cat a couple of new Spanish words .
tr	I	Callie could only nod at Helen 's odd statement , and a growing sense of dread crept through her body .
tr	I	It is our national pastime , but to answer your question , not all of us hate the Germans .
tr	I	He carried on but Jamie was devastated .
tr	O	I narrow my eyes suspiciously , but I don 't say anything .
tr	O	He tries to lift a hand to my face , but he 's shaking so hard that he can 't .
tr	I	I didn 't revel in it anymore , but I did what I had to do .
tr	I	The light barely penetrated the water , but I spun around , trying to get my bearings .
tr	I	An image popped in his head and Chewy 's eyes grew .
tr	O	It was slimy and his blood absorbed into its surface like water into a dry sponge .
tr	O	It was the first time I 'd ever seen Ian really vulnerable , almost child-like , and I liked it .
tr	O	All systems were operational and I was headed back .
tr	O	Her milky white eyes were open , but they couldn 't see a thing .
tr	I	A second later his face relaxed , but Alex seemed annoyed by the interruption .
tr	I	He 'd betrayed her , and Olivia had loved him with all of her soul .
tr	I	Call had lived at Hex Hall since he was thirteen , but I was used to feeling vaguely homeless .
tr	I	I didn 't have the strength to get out of there , but I knew it wasn 't safe to stay in that room .
tr	O	They talked about Davin 's plans for the day and he asked her why she had been absent from the breakfast table for the past few days .
tr	I	It really touched something in me and I read it in high school .
tr	I	This took a minute of concentration , and my hands were shaking almost as hard as Jake 's had been .
tr	O	The door opens and Cal appears , brightness behind her .
tr	O	I really should 've , but I couldn 't .
tr	I	Her eyes staring into nothingness , and her face was all bloodied .
tr	O	He frowned , thinking about the proud old man and how much he had lost in one fell swoop .
tr	I	A few still clung in vain to the wispy branches , but most of the trees that surrounded Northwest Research Park had lost their leaves .
tr	O	It was the way she 'd inclined her head and the plastic smile she 'd put on , for whose benefit he could no longer be sure .
tr	I	Jac would have Targeted her but I doubt anyone .
tr	O	The bond between them was fierce , and they still hadn 't even kissed yet .
tr	O	Unfortunately , Kira doesn 't have the plastic ready , but I want everyone in their socks , right now .
tr	O	She stroked the side of my cheek with her hand and I actually saw affection in her eyes .
tr	O	Nora is holding back her tears but she can 't help it now .
tr	O	His eyes dropped to my hand , but he didn 't pull free .
tr	O	Time passed by and it was Mia 's sixth visit at Sebastian 's .
tr	I	It is time to kill again and our reprieve from violence is over .
tr	O	She would never forgive James if he started the fight , but he didn 't like the shifty eyes inspecting Joni .
tr	O	Her finger was making patterns on the red , checkered table cloth and she didn 't have the courage to look at him .
tr	O	She could hear her own heart pounding , but that sounded distant too .
tr	O	He should have been finding his release elsewhere , tempering his desire , but no other woman appealed .
tr	O	I offered one to Kristin and as I popped the tab on my own , something caught my eye .
tr	O	I 'm stunned by her callousness , but I understand .
tr	O	Christians are new to our land , but already it 's hard to imagine a time when they weren 't here .
tr	O	He 's so big and his fists look like blocks of stone .
tr	O	They have feared the beasts for a thousand years , but superstition keeps them from admitting it openly .
tr	I	She was ready to close and the hour was past eight .
tr	I	I simply learned to take the silliness in stride , and even doing customer service for Candace became more comfortable .
tr	I	I didn 't need to , but I couldn 't even hear what Galen was saying .
tr	O	No author writes alone , and no author succeeds alone .
tr	I	The way his hand slowly inched its way up my stomach , and I kissed him back , enjoying the sweet taste of his mouth .
tr	I	He came home to get away from me and I think she thought that we 'd been fighting .
tr	O	He had asked Cliff the same thing a little earlier , but Rodney seemed to be more open with information , even if he was still heartless .
tr	I	The spots began to return , but he wanted to say more .
tr	O	Gregor wanted to object , but his throat had frozen .
tr	O	Sweat broke out on Mad Rogan 's face , yet a serene , calm expression claimed his face .
tr	I	I follow behind and she then heads into the girls bathroom .
tr	I	They crashed through the leafy branches , and the thunderous impact rattled the trees .
tr	I	She stopped them with a thought but the other mages summoned their fires .
tr	O	She had no motive , and she was not in control of herself .
tr	O	The doorbell rang and her heart stopped .
tr	I	On occasion , more than a few actually , I shushed her and she shushed me .
tr	O	Angelina 's elderly housekeeper opened it to them and Ezio placed the box of flowers on a stone bench in the courtyard .
tr	O	Laughing hurt my body , but it felt good to laugh .
tr	I	A picture races to the front of my mind , and I touch it .
tr	O	I glanced at the goddess , figuring she 'd know , but she looked as confused as I felt .
tr	O	I knew this probably wasn 't the best time to be difficult , but this also wasn 't the best time for him to turn me down .
tr	O	Her shuffling feet paused at my door and I felt her lean close to it .
tr	O	We leave now , and she 'll wake up with a carer .
tr	O	The truth is that my nerves were pretty much shot , and I was too tired to panic .
tr	I	I put my hand on his , and Trenton tensed .
tr	O	She looked beautiful as a young woman , but mother hood made her simply shine .
tr	O	The emperor nodded toward them and they reciprocated the slight gesture .
tr	I	It reeked of cigars and we walked into the motel office .
tr	I	Her words were enough but her face had been in shadow .
tr	I	They are filled with warmth , and his eyes open .
tr	I	Their families have been ravaged , and their land has been pillaged .
tr	O	Dawn was his mate , the other half of him , and he 'd be damned if he let her get away .
tr	O	I see the narrowed look he gives her , but she 's too busy eyeballing me to notice .
tr	O	I was about to answer , but I stopped myself .
tr	O	Reuben was frantic to see him , but absolutely nothing he said could change Dr. Cutler , s mind .
tr	I	Harrison came to stand in front of my desk , and all those eyes fell on me again .
tr	I	It could wait until Monday , but he 'd hit another dead end today , obviously he had some more investigating to do .
tr	I	I hoped that Katie could swim well , and I knew we couldn 't come up until we reached safety .
tr	I	They slant a little at the edges , and his eyes are so dark they look black .
tr	O	After this I will transfer you for a time of investigation to Birds ' Purgatory and there you will be given healing treatment .
tr	I	Charlie was up to it , and this hat was one of those .
tr	O	Claire 's lips tightened and she shook her head .
tr	I	Rebound was likely for most recovering alcoholics , and Recovery wasn 't a clearly defined path .
tr	O	Nothing will change that , and nothing will change my love for her .
tr	O	She pauses to look at me and her eyes become glassy .
tr	I	He 'll come around and that he 's afraid .
tr	O	The door opened and Callum sauntered in , a bag in his hand .
tr	I	For the briefest moment , her eyes met mine and she was wearing a sleek black dress with a silver strip .
tr	I	He was in no position to take advantage of it , but the quarterback position held a certain status at our school .
tr	O	He wasn 't recognizable yet , not the way Frederick was , but women stopped to stare at him just the same .
tr	I	It was like wrapping up in a cloud , and I tried it on in the store .
tr	O	He knew then that he could do this with her , even release into her as needed , and he began to relax .
tr	O	Calling Maddie a princess earned him major brownie points and I think I even heard a faint giggle .
tr	I	It was Anna who was forced to look away , and she stared her in the eye now .
tr	I	Falconer 's words drilled at him , and Conway blanched .
tr	I	The finished product smelled better , but the process of creating leather from skins was noisome .
tr	O	I cannot share your life , and you cannot share mine .
tr	O	I had it good here and you screwed it up .
tr	O	She had loved him like a brother , and now he lay senselessly dead .
tr	I	I couldn 't do it , but I tried to sit up .
tr	O	It is no secret that he has coveted the Templars ' holdings in France for many years , but his plan bore no fruit .
tr	I	The lad half lifted me from my feet and I yanked the sword from my cane just as two huge arms closed around me from behind .
tr	I	She 's still sitting on her hip , tilted toward me , and I can feel the pressure of Kalli 's arm behind me .
tr	I	She is so intense , but she 's very popular .
tr	I	They all ran back to Frank 's office to see if it would have any effect and the major relayed the plan over his radio .
tr	O	It was only a stray , but it was a nice dog .
tr	I	I could hear the distant trickling of water from the fountain near his doorway , and the lights were dim .
tr	I	My breath was fresh and my hair was tremendously combed .
tr	O	He had bitten me before , but his desire then had been fueled by passion , not physical need .
tr	I	We withdrew to wait for their return , and the old men grumbled .
tr	O	She was laying down with her back to me and I thought she was asleep already .
tr	I	The distant figure comes running , and the man at my side nods .
tr	I	He managed to meet William 's probing stare , but his voice wasn 't quite steady .
tr	I	I know it 's better this way , but she ordered no such thing .
tr	I	I don 't let it go but I drop the knife to my side .
tr	I	My bodily functions were normal and my vital signs had stabilized .
tr	I	Micha 's voice flows over the room and I keep spinning her until the music stops .
tr	O	Breakfast doesn 't take too long and I have my idea .
tr	I	That would have definitely worked in his favor , and Rico was at least six foot one , taller than the average man .
tr	I	The soft hum from Dina 's sled echoes down the corridors , but we try to move as a unit , permitting no space between us .
tr	I	The continuity of the brain 's existence is unbroken , but the brain , at its option , can have them replaced at any time .
tr	O	We were going to be executed and there was nothing we could do .
tr	O	Andrew was within his rights to defend Nicky , but he 'd almost killed the four of them .
tr	O	He led them in battle , and he led them to safety .
tr	I	Soon they drove away and ahead of him , a young woman entered a taxi .
tr	I	He continued , and she nodded her head .
tr	I	I had no idea they were so close , but I knew they were hanging out .
tr	O	His lips trembled , and he rubbed at them with one shaking hand .
tr	O	He wouldn 't let her go until he was ready and he had the superior strength to do what he wanted .
tr	O	I was at a loss , but she took pity on me .
tr	I	She hung up the phone and * * * Tears streamed .
tr	I	Thomas had been hatching plots and you could see the falconer .
tr	I	You 're just going to have to wait , but I know it 's tough .
tr	I	She started to scream , and there was another shot .
tr	I	We can each get a turn , and I can score something for her .
tr	O	Emma attempted to wriggle her way free but she was unable to do so against the large man .
tr	O	The first three plays were scripted , and none was designed to score .
tr	O	Dying would suck , but my crewmates dying would be way worse .
tr	O	He was twenty-eight years old , and he 'd achieved next to nothing in his life .
tr	I	His solemn mask never cracks , but his head nods slowly .
tr	O	It wasn 't as though he were trying to keep it a secret , and he regretted his lack of foresight now .
tr	O	I ask him and he slowly nods .
tr	I	I felt a bit panicked , but I kept my voice even .
tr	O	Elizabeth smiled as George returned with her drink and his eyes sparkled with pleasure at her regard .
tr	I	It rocked on its springs and something hit the truck hard .
tr	O	No way I was getting out now , but I had to alert the Faulkner 's -- tell them what happened .
tr	I	I was on the bottom only once , but the impacts were jolting .
tr	O	He was trying to make a stern face but he couldn 't fight the smile .
tr	I	He propped his forearms on the frame , and I rolled down the driver 's window .
tr	I	I don 't know where to start but I have a former candidate I 'd like to help out .
tr	I	It took all his willpower to move her hand away and a groan rose in his throat .
tr	I	Little it most definitely was , and she whispered , not wanting to frighten the little kid .
tr	I	He was gone and the doors closed .
tr	I	He was her snake , but which I happened to believe wasn 't much .
tr	I	The sound blocked out everything , and she heard someone screaming .
tr	I	My whole future as a pilot was on the line , and I reminded myself I hadn 't flown in two months .
tr	I	He was actually quite good and it was a faster number .
tr	I	I waved him away and my face flushed red .
tr	O	They 're given life , but they can 't live .
tr	O	That was part of her , and you used to know it .
tr	O	They 'd been good friends for years , and he was the best divorce attorney in town .
tr	I	I didn 't dare open my eyes , but I wondered if they had run into my door .
tr	I	Nicholas ' pupils widened to the sense and the sensation buzzing through his being returned .
tr	I	The crowd was thinning as they walked out of the station and the men behind them were gaining ground .
tr	I	I theoretically had his apartment , but I didn 't have Marcus .
tr	O	I looked at Christian Archer , and he winked at me .
tr	O	My mouth begins to water , and my legs begin moving toward the kitchen .
tr	I	Prison looked likely , and he was devastated though .
tr	O	He didn 't know what threat was made against the corrupt policeman , but he guessed that he would certainly find out over the coming days .
tr	I	You were walking around holding hands and he got to meet your parents .
tr	O	She thought about Connie , and what her reaction would be after her diatribe the other day .
tr	I	I felt tears running out of my eyes , and we laughed for a good couple of minutes .
tr	O	The thing didn 't have a corporeal body , but it did have an essence that could take physical form .
tr	O	Her mouth was full of his blood and she started to apologize .
tr	O	His mouth twisted with anger , but his voice remained low .
tr	I	When she saw one of the bystanders , an old mentor , nod in encouragement , it was worth it , but her arms were already sore .
tr	I	In response , he pulled me closer , and my hands clutched at his back .
tr	I	He didn 't , but she thought he might put his arms around her .
tr	I	I knew girls liked that , and he kind of looked like Keifer Sutherland in that old vampire movie .
tr	O	Dorian bowed his head in agreement and they filed into the trees .
tr	O	I , myself a navigator , lost my way reading the map , and here I landed .
tr	I	There were no lights turned on in that room , and the front drapes were drawn , as they were every evening .
tr	I	Ivy was falling and it promptly disappeared .
tr	I	He wouldn 't stop shaking , but he tried to hide it from us .
tr	O	Sherry shook her head but her smile only grew .
tr	O	I would be their high queen , but I would never truly be goblin .
tr	O	I hoped we reached Winterville soon ; and to that end , I checked the map , comparing Longshot 's notes with where we were .
tr	I	Most everything seemed to be done for him but he spent some time working in the fields .
tr	O	She slipped from his grasp , and he pulled his arm back .
tr	I	That included not drinking more than he could handle , and he never did anything to excess .
tr	I	I scampered after him and he stomped back inside .
tr	O	The army will undertake a search but they will not find his mother .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to tolerate it any longer , and he kept stabbing me with his words as weapons .
tr	O	He inhaled and she could swear he looked sincere , even respectful .
tr	O	We ducked through the narrow opening , and they slammed the heavy doors .
tr	I	Alarms burst out along the corridor , and I blink my left eye three times to activate it .
tr	I	They had already cooled , but I rubbed my eyes .
tr	O	The rain hadn 't let up and Connor still hadn 't returned from his business meeting .
tr	O	She blinked at him and he ticked her nose .
tr	I	He knew the place as well as she did and one weekend in her home taking care of her .
tr	I	I was crouching in a dark stairwell listening to these scoundrels chat about it , and perhaps it was happening even now .
tr	I	I 've been to some exorbitant places and it 's beyond anything I 've ever seen .
tr	I	I could hardly recognize the actions as my own , and I was gradually becoming aware of what I had done .
tr	O	You laugh at me because I think there 's something wrong with her , but I 'm trying to protect you !
tr	I	The emotions too real , and the warning was faint .
tr	I	We both know the outcome and we 've played this game before .
tr	O	It was all about the end game , and things were just starting to heat up .
tr	O	Except Dale said it was the enemy and he was ready to take out the enemy .
tr	O	Then Felix wandered off alone , and Reuben returned to his vigil .
tr	I	I didn 't want to do it like this , but I wanted to get Rimmel into bed more than I ever had anyone .
tr	I	I shudder , and we head outside .
tr	O	Trace can 't wait to escape to Middlebury , and I can 't blame her .
tr	I	He wasn 't but I instinctively turned around to see if Samuel was still beside me .
tr	O	He would like to think it was only his pride that was bruised , but the truth was more disturbing than that .
tr	O	It sounds like such a stupid response , but there 's not much else to say .
tr	O	The couple hadn 't seen her yet , so there was still the opportunity to sneak away , but she didn 't take it .
tr	I	I see her grimace and Stenger pulls on Francesca 's neck a little harder .
tr	O	They were not visible , and she was looking great .
tr	O	With the best of intentions , she tucks me in , but I don 't want to go to bed because that 'll mean being alone .
tr	I	The consequences of theft were severe , and she knew only that she had not paid for it .
tr	I	You 're not a victim , but you can be headstrong .
tr	O	He could have easily hoisted it over his shoulders but he dragged the bucket behind him anyway .
tr	O	It was around two in the morning and they were watching the property from across the street when they spotted something that took them by surprise .
tr	I	Here we are and they did not .
tr	I	The fingers held firm , but he reflexively yanked his arm back .
tr	I	I hardly paid attention to them , but I heard sirens wailing in the distance .
tr	O	Perhaps all the Valkyrie had overarching similarities , but they could be born of different species .
tr	O	It was even possible that my room had collapsed , and they had just moved me to this nearly identical room to convince me otherwise .
tr	I	Mexico threatened half a dozen nations in South America and when I started , Belize was in ruins .
tr	I	They nodded their assent , and he asked his men .
tr	O	She walked away from him , and he turned to see what she was up to .
tr	O	A pulse of anger strong enough to destroy worlds flashed through the mist , and Tavi winced at the intensity of it .
tr	I	It was not enough , but the Coalition had managed to accelerate their production .
tr	O	I had tried not to look as she had taken off her clothes , but it had been hard .
tr	O	I knew exactly what he was suggesting that I do if he died , but somehow his permission made me feel even worse .
tr	O	One of the white golden doors opened , and a small girl came out .
tr	O	She paused , her head wobbling , but of course no one spoke .
tr	O	She extended her hand and I took it .
tr	O	Some of the edge had gone out of her voice , and she threw a quick sidelong glance at the spluttering Brand .
tr	O	She 'd always had to fight for what she wanted from life , and she 'd fought alone .
tr	I	I was bad news from the moment you laid eyes on me , and we met five months ago .
tr	O	Her eyelids fluttered again and this time they opened .
tr	O	He gets to come home today and my heart sings at the thought .
tr	O	It 's a two hour trek just getting halfway , but I didn 't care .
tr	I	Dayne laughed like it was an inside joke , and Greta gave a mew from under the couch .
tr	O	His other hand flew to find an edge , but it molded with his neck as he breathed .
tr	O	Slowly it began to take shape , as Nell 's mind clarified , and with horrifying sickening sense I realized that it was Michael .
tr	O	I grimaced at her and she returned the smile reluctantly .
tr	I	You meant me no harm , but your methods may have been questionable .
tr	I	So far , the process had been rewarding , but he was only about six months into it .
tr	I	Those poor people were dead in nasty nasty ways , and I 'd never even seen a dead body before this .
tr	O	You know I have been leaving trails and the last benefit isn 't far away .
tr	O	He raised his eyebrows , but I didn 't smile .
tr	I	At the farmhouse , Hank followed me inside , and the ride home was uneventful .
tr	O	A small frown marred his brow , and Haylie raised one of her own .
tr	O	There is darkness , and then , as his eyes adjust , something like fireflies .
tr	I	His half sister stood on the other side and the front door swung open .
tr	O	Mikhail greatly respected him , and that in itself said a lot for the man .
tr	O	Her family was dead , and most of her friends were going that way also .
tr	O	They 'd been caught and she wasn 't stupid .
tr	O	She says that your new sleeping gas works perfectly and the Iron Wolves used it to secure nineteen prisoners .
tr	I	Flung back the curtains , letting light steamroll over her and he came into her bedroom .
tr	O	He hadn 't really liked him , but he still felt sorrow at the death of someone that he had known , however briefly .
tr	I	I wrap my arms around him for a quick hug , and he sets the pie on the counter with a flourish .
tr	I	Sticking out her left boot is the hilt of a knife and strapped to her left leg is a long barreled pistol .
tr	I	It was also kind of scary , and it was very frustrating .
tr	O	Budda had been trying to get back to town all night , and now that he was there , he wasn 't sure why .
tr	O	Whoever these men were , they had the power to turn James into a babbling boy , and that terrified me .
tr	O	Come with me and I 'll take you to the Sheriff 's office .
tr	O	Mrs. Blackwell remained unconscious , and Gerald carried her out .
tr	O	I nodded and we hugged .
tr	O	I needed to focus on saving myself but the pain was overpowering me .
tr	O	I think it 's going to be a little overwhelming at first , but I know you can handle it .
tr	O	The scene changed , and she was in the electric chair .
tr	I	Those were the only things I really cared about , and I had taken the pictures of my father with me to Maryland when visiting Sean .
tr	I	Once she 'd heard her husband 's voice , she couldn 't stop herself , but she hadn 't intended to tell him this way .
tr	O	This fucker had almost gotten the jump on my woman , and that shit was NOT acceptable .
tr	I	It was still nice , but this wasn 't nearly the neighborhood where Jenny lived .
tr	I	Jordan obediently filled it , too and Filbert stuck his empty glass forward .
tr	I	I knew those words hurt him deeper than anything , and I loved him so much .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure Zane would know what Ava was doing , and he wasn 't sure absinthe had made it to the Miami scene , though .
tr	I	I could make sure Marie studied as hard as she partied , and Marie might be the person to pull me out of my self-imposed shell .
tr	I	So he thought ... or Auron had slashed her white mask .
tr	I	Saying it aloud comforted him , but not that he needed to state the obvious .
tr	O	Both of us are covered in sweat and I have to catch my breath .
tr	I	I would live in a chair or I needed surgery .
tr	O	The knight glanced guiltily at her but Eleanor gave him a small smile .
tr	O	Her hands clenched into small fists , and she turned resolutely from the fire .
tr	O	I lay the door on its side and it spans the width of the tunnel .
tr	O	She was wearing a green dress that was still unzipped in the back and her hair was up in curlers .
tr	O	I had to watch her and my son grow old slowly .
tr	I	I interrupt but Knox starts to say .
tr	I	He wasn 't answering his cell either and she didn 't know where Nick was .
tr	O	He 's not too bad , but his brother Dave is mean .
tr	I	When his lips stretched wide in a silent scream I saw the silver of my impaling blade inside his mouth , and his sword dropped .
tr	I	It started getting colder a while ago and it was already late in the evening .
tr	O	There were two men who saw someone fall in , but they were too drunk to save the person .
tr	O	He hadn 't said where they were going , but it really didn 't matter .
tr	O	Charlie initially thought that had to do with their respective interests , but now it looked as if they 'd had a common interest : valuable editions .
tr	I	Nothing came out , but John tried to open his mouth again to talk .
tr	I	I didn 't mind seeing most of it go , but don 't get me wrong I enjoyed some of it .
tr	I	Carmine slid into it , running his hand nervously through his hair and he motioned toward an empty chair beside him .
tr	O	The crystal lies here in legend only , and that is if we read it correctly .
tr	O	Daniel fell in step cradling his injured arm but the movement was too much .
tr	O	His lips slammed against Maggie 's , and his tongue thrust inside her mouth .
tr	I	Touched her on the shoulder and very hesitantly he reached out .
tr	I	She knew it was true in her case , but she knew people always joked about twins having a kind of metaphysical bond .
tr	O	Milt must 've guessed as much or he would 've been more forthcoming .
tr	O	The blue faded , and everyone returned to normal .
tr	I	There was little conversation in the boats , and the sounds of oars were mostly drowned by the river 's rushing .
tr	O	A handful was excessive , but he hadn 't had time to figure out how many he might need , so he 'd just grabbed some .
tr	I	It was that way again ... and it had always been Zach chattering back then , talking for his sister .
tr	O	He wears dark glasses that wrap around his face and he is wearing a long sleeved shirt .
tr	O	Mia knew that it wouldn 't be easy to leave him , but she had to say something to him that would hurt him .
tr	O	Nothing too bad , like broken bones , but he certainly got violent .
tr	O	I help the old woman to her feet and we walk back into the hospital .
tr	I	She was becoming terrified of the unknown , but at another time , she might have appreciated them .
tr	O	The man was guilty , but the defence was good .
tr	I	The potatoes are an issue , but while I 'm away , the Hab can take care of itself .
tr	I	He had no way out but he was out of camera range .
tr	O	She was joking , but there was more than a kernel of truth there .
tr	O	She was prepared for pleasure , but the sheer power of it caught her off guard .
tr	O	The figure turns half round , and the light falls upon its face .
tr	O	I asked him all the questions that my curious six-year-old mind could think of and he answered as many as he could .
tr	I	Neither could Anna and he couldn 't control it .
tr	O	That almost made her smile , but it was difficult to let her guard down after seeing her father in the prison .
tr	O	He wasn 't prepared for a long pass through stone walls , and Surreal 's attempt to shield him wasn 't quite enough .
tr	I	The lightness didn 't reach his eyes , but he laughed .
tr	I	It was just fun ... but it was something .
tr	I	It annoyed me that she would just let him back into the office , but I didn 't want to get angry with the manager .
tr	O	She pushed it carefully and the door opened slowly .
tr	O	he asked , and Sarah nodded .
tr	I	Still we plunged into the fog at over two hundred miles per hour , but I eased up on the gas .
tr	I	She was going to find out what it was , and he was hiding something .
tr	O	Tears rose to his eyes , but Eliot blinked them back .
tr	O	That damn light takes forever and I keep stalling out in the same spot .
tr	O	He tried to reassure her with a smile , but she wasn 't so easily fooled .
tr	I	They were taking on a toned look that I was proud of , but my arms weren 't nearly as tight as Claire 's .
tr	I	Then again it wasn 't that awful , but my mother slapping me flew to the forefront of my mind .
tr	O	Shelby High is old , and I mean old .
tr	O	There was a flash of anger in her small face , and she glanced uneasily at Pastor George who nodded to her .
tr	I	Her knife had pierced his windpipe , but Zane tried to gasp .
tr	O	Santiago whirled around , shoulder to shoulder with his brother , and simultaneously both men slammed their hands straight at the mist .
tr	O	Eric didn 't look happy , but at least he stopped arguing .
tr	I	Romano didn 't like bad news and he had promised Romano that Buzz would win .
tr	I	We both went crashing down to the ground , as I couldn 't stop my momentum and I grabbed hold of her waist .
tr	I	Her mind was spinning full tilt , but Star did not utter a word .
tr	O	This is a dangerous world , and a small mistake like this can cost you a lot .
tr	I	She knew it , and he had something to say to her .
tr	I	It was clearly daylight Outside , but the drapes were still closed .
tr	O	It had been several seconds and Callum was completely still on the ground .
tr	I	He laughs and I demand .
tr	O	Her eyes widen like I 've slapped her and I feel like the biggest douche .
tr	O	I asked , and he pulled his phone from his pocket to check the screen .
tr	I	She could feel her arousal dampen his hand , and she grew wetter , hotter .
tr	I	It didn 't mean he was dead , but ok , Mr Price hadn 't been around for a while .
tr	O	He heard a rustling upstairs , and some feet scuffling about .
tr	O	She didn 't smile , but she was very glad to be at his side .
tr	O	He crumpled to the ground and I dropped to my knees at his side .
tr	O	You promised us wealth so we 'd join you , but you never had any intention of making us rich .
tr	I	In the next , it was the limb of a panther , and one minute he had a long , masculine arm draped over her waist .
tr	O	He hesitated so long that Iona thought he wouldn 't answer at all , but then he spoke softly .
tr	I	I growled in frustration , and I felt strangely empty .
tr	O	Anger took over her and she welcomed it .
tr	I	Damned if she wasn 't standing there watching for him , but he 'd had no expectations of Ashley actually showing up .
tr	O	When they arrived at Anna 's apartment , she turned to thank him for the ride but Steven forestalled her .
tr	I	The shot flew wide , but he fired just as the bird landed on the biscuit .
tr	O	She was innocent in this situation and it appeared her innocence remained intact .
tr	O	His face was the picture of innocence , but I caught the amusement in his voice .
tr	O	Aubrey told us that his restaurant , Mm , was failing but her mother was determined to keep that from happening .
tr	I	It wasn 't technically untrue -- but it wasn 't the clearest summary of their situation .
tr	I	We tuned in to hear the rest of the show and only the sound of Aisling 's voice got our attention .
tr	O	He did neither because he heard hoof beats on the lane and he wondered who it was this time of night .
tr	I	No one really wanted to get down to business , but they knew they were in D.C. for a reason .
tr	O	I 'm okay with being on the offensive , but I want her to be the one to drop the walls .
tr	O	He turned toward her and there in the moonlight she saw something she 'd never seen on him before .
tr	O	His mom had served as the buffer between him and the old man as his life had fallen apart .
tr	I	I leaned down to give him a kiss and he arched his neck so that our faces were close .
tr	O	You were basically paying for the table , and surprisingly , they didn 't come cheap .
tr	I	I can 't see what 's on it and we 're too far down .
tr	I	It appears to be something else , but they thought there might have been silver powder on the blade .
tr	I	He pressed himself between them and she didn 't have a chance to close her legs .
tr	O	It was on the tip of her tongue to say no , but the pleading look in his tired eyes changed her mind .
tr	I	We both tried to wipe away tears , and she pulled me into a tight hug .
tr	I	He hadn 't seen the harpies , but he was right .
tr	O	The book was Divine Misdemeanors , and it was kicking my ass .
tr	O	I had really severe PTSD and my girlfriend at the time dumped me .
tr	I	Simon immediately shifted to block the doorway , his amber eyes focused on Meg , but the words weren 't meant to alarm .
tr	O	His mouth was dry and his knees were weak .
tr	O	During the course of this year I failed people and I am sorry they feel bad .
tr	O	She knew very well he was teasing , but still she lifted her tip toward his neck .
tr	I	Her will was strong , but her knees were weak .
tr	I	After several minutes , they continued speaking in lowered voices , and it got really quiet then .
tr	O	His expression was pained , but he didn 't argue this time .
tr	O	I 'll need to recharge en-route , and rovers don 't have solar cells .
tr	O	He spoke in old English , and the clothing he wore looked a lot like the pictures she 'd seen of the Amish .
tr	O	I 'm shivering as I climb out of the car , but it 's not because of the temperature drop .
tr	I	She pushed his hand away with disgust , but Eli tried to lead her away .
tr	O	It made sense , but it also made Paul question why he hadn 't known who Sibyl really was .
tr	O	Jenna let out a strangled cry , and we both dropped to the ground .
tr	O	Zach asks and it is absolute silence in the room .
tr	I	It began to glow softly with a golden luminescence as he adopted a faraway look and Morgan pulled out a topaz pendant .
tr	O	She noticed several couples were already naked , and things had taken a different turn .
tr	I	They hadn 't granted this gift in twenty thousand years , and I 'd have to convince my brethren to allow this .
tr	I	It wasn 't a nice smile , and he smiled then .
tr	O	For a moment he could not believe it , but then he knew that this was exactly true .
tr	O	There was only one way to find out , and she wasn 't curious enough to try it .
tr	O	I should have slapped them away , but I missed him so damn much .
tr	O	It has only been four days but I miss her dearly .
tr	I	There were only three standouts , and somehow we made it through .
tr	I	She resumed petting and the puppy pawed at her hand .
tr	I	The sailors disembarked , carrying their duffel bags and an eternity passed before the gangplank was lowered .
tr	O	A whisper of a kiss met his lips , willingly given by a woman he 'd desired from first glance , and he was powerless against it .
tr	O	I had my part to play and they had theirs .
tr	I	You will be safe overnight and you can hide there .
tr	I	We were divided by what they thought was thousands of miles , but I could see how badly she just wanted to hold me .
tr	O	She reached for the door handle and it opened without Parker touching it .
tr	I	The same car was sitting outside and we drove to his house .
tr	O	Her eyes stayed dry but her throat was clogging fast .
tr	I	I lose my grip on the rope in my left hand and the swing shifts under my weight .
tr	O	The dog started to obey , but once he got to the door he doubled back to prod Levi on .
tr	I	Her nails scored the flesh of his abdomen , and their moans mingled .
tr	I	Both knew that this was a bond never to be broken and their eyes met again .
tr	O	He tosses something at me , and I catch it , wincing slightly .
tr	O	She tensed beneath his hand and he started to pull away .
tr	I	I beckoned them to follow and all remaining men stood up .
tr	I	The waves grew larger , and rain poured .
tr	I	Emma shrugged , and he said eventually .
tr	O	I was so cold , and you were so warm .
tr	O	He 's older , of course , but he 's a good , solid man who 's very kind to me .
tr	I	She looks at me and I look at Jennifer .
tr	O	It was stil very early , and the train was almost deserted .
tr	I	He wished to hear all that was said and this wolf was a new turn of events .
tr	O	Chuck immediately withdrew , and his eyes sought her out in the yellow light .
tr	I	We met at a social , and he left his wife ages ago .
tr	I	Jase knew they were waiting to see what would happen next , but they were on the floor , pretending to talk to each other .
tr	O	We needed an outlet and we found it .
tr	O	I stood in the every front trying to make myself known , but no one noticed me .
tr	O	I promised to guard her heart , and I don 't know if I will .
tr	O	When he reached the building , I trudged out of the car , and the door shut with a snap .
tr	I	I knew he was listening and Lucien 's head was cocked .
tr	O	She knew it , but it still astounded her .
tr	O	At least the soldiers pursuing him had not taken the time to get horses , or he would stand no chance to stay ahead of them .
tr	O	There were actually five prototypes , and he called them all Baby .
tr	I	I was flung into the snow , and then the grays plunged forward again .
tr	O	He was still here , or he had been here just a second ago .
tr	I	Surely there were some books with some information somewhere , but he knew nothing about the species .
tr	O	It took a little while , but she finally decided to seek help for the buzzing in her head .
tr	I	The cane will start to react and our energies will combine .
tr	I	This time whatever she 'd done had worked , and it was Calliope .
tr	I	You hated him , and he was a good man , your brother .
tr	O	he said , and she jumped in spite of herself .
tr	I	There was one awkward moment of silence , and Charlie helped Franz unload the luggage in the back of the automobile .
tr	I	I closed my eyes before she could say a word , and my mom took a breath .
tr	I	I couldn 't help it , but I shouldn 't be curious .
tr	O	Mary waited for more , but there was no more .
tr	O	Moments later the frog chorus ceased and we walked in silence again .
tr	I	He hadn 't thought ahead to prepare for the tour , and he wasn 't wearing the pyjamas anymore .
tr	I	Viktor clasped his arm in midair , and the boy leapt off the wall .
tr	O	Marion leaned over , and he could see the scientific part of her mind take over .
tr	I	I hear a sob in her voice and she cries .
tr	I	She pushed it aside to stay on track , but Susie 's eyes narrowed for an instant at the mention of it .
tr	I	A pained cough escapes me and Rob kicks me in the side .
tr	I	He is not going to accompany you and there is absolutely no way for you to shoot the general .
tr	O	My family had a microscopic view of the world and they liked it .
tr	I	It was in front of one of these that he now sat , and there were two great cooking hearths , one at either end .
tr	O	I froze in place , and my imagination took over .
tr	I	We digress , but sometimes he stoops .
tr	O	I groan , and she hasn 't even touched me yet .
tr	I	Mother made sure it didn 't , but it should have gone to me .
tr	I	That beauty drew a fair amount of tourists , and the foliage was beautiful this time of year .
tr	I	She never breathe a word about anything but he remember the pale look on her face when he visited her yesterday .
tr	O	The aging Mexican lady who answered didn 't speak English , and no one else appeared to be home .
tr	I	Worry emerges on their faces as well and I croak out .
tr	I	He 'd made love to her , but he hadn 't just sexed her up , using her for relief .
tr	I	We welcome you , and we recognise our allies , our cousins .
tr	O	She didn 't like the sound of it , but she was willing to take the risk .
tr	I	She was gone and I got up .
tr	O	Mira bitches at me but when I ask for help , she says she doesn 't understand business , only cooking .
tr	I	His chuckle came as a relief but I felt silly for saying that .
tr	O	Though Sean had defused the situation , she had no doubt he would rather have punched Brody , and she liked both reactions .
tr	I	He knew that Caleb had seen it in his face , and that was the thought that sent him over the edge .
tr	O	She opened her mouth to thank him , but his cell rang .
tr	O	A man approached Richard and flashing a press badge introduced himself as a journalist from BAM , a biweekly rock magazine .
tr	O	Only one of the two children on the grass was a girl and she looked to be the correct age .
tr	O	I felt a firm pair of hands grasp my back to steady me , but I was fading too fast .
tr	O	Dinner for two sat on the table , but there was no one in the room .
tr	O	Callie sat cross-legged , still naked , on a square of folded blanket with eyes closed and hands folded in her lap .
tr	I	It was still art , but sure it was commercial .
tr	O	He saw all the icons depicting episodes in the Bible and he could hear the voice of the church .
tr	O	She 'd spent far too much time on her own , and she 'd relied heavily on her own judgment .
tr	I	What was normal in this situation , but she was trying to behave normally ?
tr	I	She didn 't see anything except raw honesty , but Callie searched his face for signs of conceit .
tr	O	Her lips trembled , but no sound emerged from them .
tr	O	His eyes took a second to see it , but there it was , impossible now to miss .
tr	I	She remembered the nightmare she 'd had , but she didn 't usually remember her dreams .
tr	I	He also wanted to know where she 'd been all day , but he preferred this excuse .
tr	O	Then the fear turned to anger , and then the anger itself pickled into resignation .
tr	O	Abby smiled and we started to drink our coffees before it will turn into ice .
tr	I	He 'd ended up walking out and Colt had just so happened to be in on that meeting .
tr	I	The words he spoke yanked her back to painful reality , but Kate 's hope soared at the sight of his brief smile .
tr	I	I saw her past and when I was showing her up to the guest room , she brushed by me .
tr	I	Yet depriving herself was driving her mad and knowing he was hers for the asking .
tr	O	She continued saying nothing , but something horrible started happening .
tr	I	The music reminded Jamison of his promise to Maggie and a rockabilly band were starting their set on stage .
tr	I	He was nowhere near satisfied , but in moments he groaned his release .
tr	I	We became even stronger than before and they all came into our essence .
tr	O	He didn 't recall dropping it , but obviously he had .
tr	I	James was right behind me , and I was on my feet .
tr	O	The band was made up of pupils from the nearby Catholic school , and they were all in the same year as Theo .
tr	I	I 've never seen him happier , and he 's now writing full-time .
tr	O	I wince as I circle it and pain shoots up through my leg .
tr	I	Clay have been together and it 's been four years for me .
tr	I	In my memory , I saw his white hair , his unusual coloring , but I didn 't know it then .
tr	I	I struggle upwards , lugging Bran with me and my feet lurch .
tr	I	I silently cheered that my threat was getting to him , and there was a pained look on his face .
tr	O	I still don 't know if that 's true , but it doesn 't matter anymore .
tr	I	I 'd thrown on a T-shirt that had definitely seen better days , and the dark circles under my eyes were turning into parabola .
tr	I	He couldn 't even remember when she 'd unbuttoned his shirt , and Air whispered across his chest .
tr	O	I turned around and he kissed me .
tr	O	He had a momentary thought that this was all ridiculous , that Benson was the patient and he was the doctor .
tr	O	At last the dam is nearly complete and soon the lake will begin to fill .
tr	O	Her parents wouldn 't allow her to get a job , and she had an allowance deposited into her bank account .
tr	I	It all had come undone so easily with just one mistake , and all my wishes had come true with this little gold band .
tr	O	Our skin glowed as if we 'd swallowed the moon , and it was shining out of every inch of our skin .
tr	O	My gaze turned towards the space known as Milky Way and that was when I first noticed highly chaotic anomalies .
tr	O	She remained silent , and I struggle to fight the urge to splatter her brain all over the walls .
tr	I	She 's asleep and I peek up at her .
tr	O	* Alex Blake was pleased to see Stephanie and it was mutual .
tr	O	As a woman , I will never be truly free , but at least , for the first time in my life , I finally feel alive .
tr	O	It 's totally covered in smoke -- not really thick but the smoke is all over the place .
tr	O	Her breathing grew steady , and I thought she slept .
tr	O	Kim 's cheeks reddened , but my grandpa just laughed .
tr	O	His lips stretched into a dimpled smile , and to my horror , he wiped a remnant tear from my cheek .
tr	I	Two of Walter 's men dropped back , wounded , and the bandits put up a fierce battle .
tr	O	He dropped an arm over my shoulders , and the gaping hole that had been there since he 'd died filled .
tr	I	Harry unraveled the blankets and Laura started to fuss .
tr	I	I recognized Scott 's voice the minute he started talking , but the third message was from an unknown caller .
tr	O	I know more than many but there are some things even I was not told .
tr	I	He tugged me even closer to him and his palms slapped down on my thighs .
tr	I	Sadly , all she 'd found were men who left her frigid in the feelings department , but she 'd dreamed of it .
tr	I	He stepped back , and his arms fell away from her .
tr	O	He began to retract the weapon but Jacob quickly spoke up .
tr	I	I think they were arguing about something and the voices were getting louder .
tr	O	He glanced over her shoulder and Rena 's confusion grew .
tr	I	The ads on that page alone are raking in a small fortune , and already that video has almost a million hits .
tr	I	She had backed herself up to the wall , and she was dismayed when she realized there was less than three feet between them .
tr	O	Jules couldn 't get it down and she had to ask me to .
tr	O	He 'd found her , or she had found him .
tr	O	The sound echoed through the sanctuary , and Ponytail nearly did a backflip .
tr	O	There is no time limit , but if you name the wrong thief on three occasions , your souls will remain captive in the Board .
tr	O	Callum cut into their short conversation and Lucien 's eyes came to him .
tr	O	I 'd pretended the beer incident hadn 't happened , and neither had happened again .
tr	I	I came back , but the appendicitis hit once I 'd already landed .
tr	O	I think the plan was for us to do things one way and we went a different direction .
tr	I	It takes everything you have to take care of me and I can barely get out of bed .
tr	O	Tara burst out laughing , and he joined her .
tr	I	Her hand emerged the other side of it , and Leah felt its flesh rip .
tr	O	Her words were slow in coming , and her brow wrinkled as she tried to puzzle it through .
tr	O	Builders were employed and after a two-week stint , all the interior building alterations were complete .
tr	O	It wasn 't radiating any magic but that could change at any moment .
tr	I	He hadn 't been surprised , and two others had joined him .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I wanted to call her just to hear her voice .
tr	O	The damp tissues had piled up , but she 'd composed herself enough to realize her display of anger had been out of character .
tr	O	The final exit was much further ahead and he wanted desperately to get to it .
tr	I	My temper overrode my good sense and I overreacted to a stressful situation .
tr	O	At thirty it seemed normal , even a bit romantic , but at forty it was starting to look like something else .
tr	I	Kyra started the engine and they got in .
tr	I	My mom was the only one that hung around , but she had eight kids .
tr	O	In a few minutes the beer can was drained and Buck was fast asleep .
tr	I	He staggered back , his pistol clattering to the floor , and the pain radiated out through his body .
tr	O	He frightened her , though , and that fear overrode her desire .
tr	O	Such hushed elegance was a welcomed respite from the crowded gaming rooms , but it was the stunning view from the glass walls that attracted most guests .
tr	I	That is the first thing you should correct , and I am of the opinion that you should not have let Eva Roberts go .
tr	I	I snap my lips shut , but I 'm not sure why .
tr	O	The mech wolves moved back , and the robots began to disperse .
tr	O	He could not make out the figure at first , but as it came into view , his heart sank .
tr	I	It was nevertheless more than adequate , but it was all a little utilitarian .
tr	I	We pull away and he puts the Cruiser in gear .
tr	O	Misty couldn 't help feeling she had been so selfish with her prayers , and the loss of loved ones were her penance for her sins .
tr	I	No papers were lying on top of the polished surface , but there was a computer on the corner of the large , elegant desk .
tr	O	The van driver seemed to be looking straight at her in the mirror , but she couldn 't be absolutely sure because of the glasses .
tr	O	She looked at me suspiciously and I didn 't blame her .
tr	O	She squeezed it , and that act seemed to transfer some of her courage to Jimmy .
tr	I	They told me someone already had it but I was thinking about obtaining that piece of land .
tr	I	Her eyes burned with anger , and she had both daggers out .
tr	I	Little Vincente sometimes forgot , but ordinarily , they were very good about such things .
tr	I	It was not a good one , but the men had their own story .
tr	I	The water ever warm and it was rather very spacious .
tr	I	The room erupted into applause and suddenly the babies began to cry .
tr	O	You have survived so much , and you will continue to survive .
tr	I	She had not been alarmed , and he had walked past the doorway of the room in which Mrs. Armstrong was working .
tr	O	That would complete my job , and Piper would die without knowing what a real jerk I was .
tr	O	I thought for a moment , and then the penny dropped .
tr	I	It looks like she just got motion sickness , and Cassie 's in her first trimester of pregnancy .
tr	I	He kept on moving , but he shortened his stride .
tr	O	Blood splatters made the floor slippery , and a woman fell hard as she tried to run out the door .
tr	I	He moved with care just in case , but again there was no sign of an enemy .
tr	O	We were alone on the landing , and no one climbed the stairs behind us .
tr	O	It was the darkest day of her life but it had to be done .
tr	I	I do remember walking home , but I don 't remember leaving .
tr	O	Her cheek bore a long , thin gash , and she had a bandage tied on one forearm .
tr	O	I thank God you and Buddy fell in love .
tr	I	Temperatures were still below zero , but we had been spared wind since the blizzard .
tr	I	Rain poured down in a drenching torrent and the SKY OPENED up .
tr	O	I must look like a disaster , but Hephaestus 's focus hasn 't shifted .
tr	O	Perhaps he anticipated my follow-up question , but that didn 't prevent me from asking it .
tr	I	He didn 't argue , but a muscle twitched in Rodin 's jaw .
tr	I	Maybe it was , since obviously neither one was willing to make the first move , but Christie hated to think their relationship was over .
tr	O	He stares at me yet again , but this time he actually seems uncomfortable .
tr	I	My eyes are used to the dark , but I can tell Dax is having problems riding .
tr	O	Part of me wanted him and part of me was terrified of him .
tr	O	Anxiety overcame me , and I felt faint .
tr	O	Cole asked her son , and although he didn 't raise his voice it was clear he was displeased .
tr	I	One I couldn 't answer honestly , but it was a simple enough question .
tr	I	Tabby didn 't write on the lines , but the paper was lined , college rule .
tr	O	She pulled her car into the parking space at our place but neither of us moved .
tr	I	We had a quick walk , and you already ate the cookies .
tr	I	Her eyes widened with a smile , and she saw me .
tr	O	For the past week she 'd tried to assimilate the horror she 'd landed in , but her mind had refused to catch up .
tr	I	It was impossible to see what lay beyond them , because there was just total blackness , but all the doors were open .
tr	O	You never stopped being mine , and you 'll always be mine .
tr	O	She should probably return the ring in person , but she was terrified of facing Royston today .
tr	O	I know my job , and I know how to get you what you need .
tr	I	A huge grin appeared and Des re-joined them .
tr	I	The tone of it was more evil than happy , but Julian laughed .
tr	I	We seem to be doing well as a team , and it 's always good to have some company .
tr	I	Now I was paying the ultimate price and I had allowed sex to manipulate my mind .
tr	I	The sun was nowhere in sight and 19 2 The night was clear .
tr	I	I didn 't think for an instant that she 'd forgotten her mother and Julia was a responsible girl .
tr	I	He tensed up more , and I raised my hand .
tr	I	He tried to smile , and then his face cleared .
tr	O	I was nothing more than hired help to Kellee and I 'm sorry to say I let my temper run away with me .
tr	I	He knew that would have to wait , but Eric craved Iona with his entire body .
tr	I	He loved me mom , and well I was me .
tr	O	I was there when Dustin was growing up , but I wasn 't there for him .
tr	I	She gave him a watery smile , and he laughed again .
tr	I	He was not deterred , but he stumbled into an end table nearly knocking a lamp to the floor .
tr	O	I know it is wrong but I can 't help it .
tr	I	She toyed with her strand of pearls in an irritated manner , and one of Penelope 's delicate hands fluttered up to her neck .
tr	O	She keeps insisting his death must have been some sort of accident and the money must have just been misplaced .
tr	I	I walked her to school every day and at the time Jessie was in the third grade .
tr	O	I show the bouncer my ID and even though I 'm only nineteen , he lets me through with zero hesitation .
tr	I	His secrets scare me , but he 's hiding a lot of something that might be pain .
tr	O	Our eyes met , and for a moment I considered running .
tr	I	I 'd have a hard time replacing you , but I hate to admit it .
tr	I	She 's settled again and I 'll go straight to bed after I 've fed her .
tr	O	The world held in the silence , and I was alone .
tr	O	He opened the refrigerator door and she cringed at the empty shelves .
tr	I	I need proof , but I think he may be involved with our missing cattle .
tr	I	I knew that the trouble The Shade was experiencing was taking its toll on their marriage but we hadn 't spoken much .
tr	O	There was a window , not very large , but I suppose someone could have wriggled through it .
tr	I	He rarely walked anyone , but Ernie didn 't have a great fastball like Red .
tr	O	Child protection overrides everything else , and we 're trying to locate a missing girl .
tr	O	He grabbed my arm , but I shook him off , needing my full concentration on the spell .
tr	I	She started having a hard time keeping up and it seemed to her that they had been running for miles through the streets .
tr	I	It seemed to do the trick , but the handkerchief turned red almost immediately .
tr	O	She stopped at seventy , her golden hair in her eyes now and her face turning red .
tr	I	I sound convincing , but another total lie .
tr	I	His was here , and her life was out east .
tr	O	I had packed my things , and they were already loaded onto my horse .
tr	I	He 'd nearly run her off the road , trying to initiate this private meeting , but he didn 't answer .
tr	I	The farther we go , the uglier it gets , and the compounds feel like they could stretch on forever .
tr	O	March dives low on the other side , and they slice in unison as the monster makes a grab for me .
tr	O	Her words became slower , more slurred , and she slid on to the ground beside me .
tr	I	You didn 't , or you either did .
tr	O	The door was so old that the boards had contracted , leaving wide gaps , and snow had blown in through the ruined windows .
tr	I	He tilts my chin upward forcing me to meet his eyes , but I try looking to the floor .
tr	O	We watch each other a moment , and then he walks towards a bright white bicycle that rests next to my car where I always park .
tr	I	His round eyes glow a pale green , but his visage is indistinguishable beneath his hood .
tr	I	Amara heard voices , and he vanished into the chamber .
tr	I	It was a hand-me-down from her sister , who 'd mailed it as soon as Courtney told her about the date , but she had a dress .
tr	I	They have their instructions and he is surrounded by my household staff .
tr	I	His guys cross home plate and he 's not big on cleaning up unless it 's bases loaded .
tr	I	I for him , and he 's killed for me .
tr	O	He tried to smile but it fell apart .
tr	O	She wasn 't going to kill anybody , and neither was Eve .
tr	O	Derek really had thought of everything to make the wedding a true fairytale and she was speechless .
tr	O	I know you really liked him , but there will be lots of others .
tr	I	He decided not to let it bother him , but his back still hurt .
tr	I	He turned around when he heard her approaching , but he was standing with his back to her .
tr	O	Alastor said nothing , but I could feel him swirling closer to me .
tr	O	I didn 't know Bebe well enough to ask her thoughts , but it was still interesting .
tr	O	Being tied down wasn 't in his nature , but he felt bolder with only one hand bound .
tr	I	Eve noted every one of Hell 's denizens , but mortals mingled with Infernal beings in blissful ignorance .
tr	O	There was no end and there was no light .
tr	I	I ended up falling onto the mattress and I was so close to the bed that my legs folded .
tr	O	His voice seemed even rougher , and it sent a shiver over her .
tr	I	I should 've asked , and I didn 't know .
tr	O	She then released her hand and I fell to the floor .
tr	O	Every night he 'd get to bed early because he was exhausted , but by two he 'd get up again because he couldn 't sleep .
tr	I	His teeth were clenched as if he were in the grip of intolerable pain , and tears of anguish streamed openly from his eyes .
tr	I	My stomach flips over and he winks at me .
tr	I	Her inner walls clenched for him and his hand stilled .
tr	O	Trembling hands lifted the mug and she inhaled the bitter brew .
tr	O	Now its huge jaws opened wide and it struck at the alchemist 's head .
tr	O	I looked into his eyes and I realized that they looked wet .
tr	O	I feel the glitch in my heart to this day , and it 's been more than two years since his plane went down .
tr	O	The crowd started to thin , thankfully , and all I wanted to do was leave .
tr	I	The letters across the front of it were blue and the orb was gold .
tr	I	Then she considered it some more , and Blue considered what he had said .
tr	I	She 's a modern day statue , and her clothes cling to her form .
tr	I	I gave it a whirl just to see if it worked , but it didn 't sound like anything I had ever heard of before .
tr	O	I tried to ignore him , and then at gym he pretended to touch me up .
tr	I	He had Henry 's dark hair , but he may have had my eyes .
tr	I	At least he had not been alone , but it had been hell before .
tr	O	Even my lungs stilled and my heart stopped completely .
tr	I	Cecilia planned to make full use of every one of them and Ian had three days of shore leave .
tr	O	Mostly , she didn 't want them to worry , but she also knew they wouldn 't understand .
tr	O	They 'd only met face-to-face twice , and that was in a coffee shop .
tr	I	Two police talked with LNA soldiers standing at the border while the other police stepped across the border to speak with motorists and they got out .
tr	O	The look on his face said otherwise though and this wasn 't in any way a casual meeting .
tr	O	My parents had been horrified , but David 's expression was more one of shock .
tr	O	I was seated atop a clean blanket , and my dress remained untouched by the jungle .
tr	O	He had the eyes of an experienced killer and his face remained lifeless as he looked them over .
tr	O	His voice is barely a whisper and his eye bore into the fire .
tr	O	They make eye contact but Theo looks away instantly .
tr	O	She might never really know him , yet he was branded by her for all time .
tr	I	She knew his attention was not solely focused upon her anymore , but he continued to hold her tight .
tr	O	It was true , and he knew it .
tr	O	Maybe I 'm judging him too harshly , but he seems soft to me .
tr	I	She couldn 't do it , but she really wanted to read it .
tr	I	She didn 't have to , and then her phone rang .
tr	I	His hair flopped in front of his face and he looked down .
tr	I	Josie found the exercise to be extraordinarily clear headed for someone so young , but her permutations were flawed .
tr	O	They say the brain is the largest sex organ , and I believe it .
tr	I	She thought she saw someone coming and the horizon wavered at one end of the road .
tr	O	I tried to find her from the very beginning , but it 's too easy to disappear in the Warren .
tr	I	The act of chivalry was still charming , but she wasn 't sure how she felt about him yet .
tr	I	The Pacific Ocean spread out before them , and before she could adequately respond to this blatant provocation , the carriage swept around a sharp curve .
tr	O	Cameron waited , fists ready , for Bellamy to come at him again , but Bellamy staggered .
tr	I	She flinched away from him , but dropping to his knees , he reached out to touch her .
tr	I	In the hope it would clarify his own thoughts at the moment , but he added , certainly not to dissuade her .
tr	I	His jaw trembled , and Shay spoke through clenched teeth .
tr	I	He was already in danger of losing his target , and he had only been on the ground an hour .
tr	I	We left the hospital and Robin rescued my glasses .
tr	O	His body was perfect and hers was completely damaged .
tr	I	I requested the deep tissue , and Jen went through all of the techniques she offered .
tr	O	The vibration of my voice against his sensitive member drove him wild , and he nearly came right then .
tr	I	It made sense , but I was surprised .
tr	O	I wouldn 't pretend to know the boy , but his bond with his mother had been clear .
tr	O	I 've a pretty shrewd idea who he is , but I need to find out where he lives .
tr	I	She took it surprisingly well , and I explained it to her .
tr	I	To compensate he spent a fortune on clothes , and Rupert knew that he looked a little odd .
tr	O	She wanted out of this relationship , completely out , and living in the same city made that difficult .
tr	I	I know that God doesn 't want to hear from monsters , but I would pray .
tr	O	I slammed the window pane open , and cold air blasted inside the room .
tr	I	Put on her casual clothes and * * * Soraya cleaned the thick makeup off her face .
tr	I	His shirt was torn by a single hole , and Jacob 's stomach was bloody .
tr	I	She searched the freezer for anything to toss in the microwave oven and the cupboards were almost as barren .
tr	I	Being around me would clearly not be safe , and I wanted her safe .
tr	I	Clearly you do not either and I do not fear death .
tr	I	For many modern people even the wish is difficult ; but those who really wish for help will get it .
tr	I	He weakens , and turn the king 's nobles against the king .
tr	I	The night would fade , and there was work to do .
tr	O	Her horrible rendition of Lady Gaga was a nightmare , but that was just another thing I adored .
tr	I	I can 't bring myself to go that far , but I know that a lot of girls at college go completely bare .
tr	I	A circle is perfect and Everything is a circle .
tr	I	The shaking grew worse , but she wrapped her arms around herself .
tr	O	Yes , he 'd been pretty damn irresistible , but I 'd also wanted to feel loved .
tr	I	Suddenly I was being jerked up and he let out a low growl .
tr	I	It was especially accepted when they were too old to work and White people were just not prosecuted for murdering blacks .
tr	I	John rubbed her back , and Brooke kissed Emily 's cheek .
tr	O	When we arrived at our hotel , I reached for the phone to telephone Laci and my disc slipped out .
tr	I	She knew it and she was panicking .
tr	I	In less time than it took for me to haul myself out of my chair , she was sobbing , and Calliope 's face crumpled .
tr	I	She had her hands thrust into her pockets , and she didn 't carry a purse .
tr	I	He noticed Adela 's door was now slightly ajar , and when he entered the hallway , he heard humming .
tr	I	Jacob had decided to turn stubborn , and she had to get into Tacoma , fast .
tr	I	She just laughs at me , but I give Kyla a pleading look .
tr	O	Just one look and he 'd done it .
tr	I	I can 't speak for a moment because I know I 'll start to cry if I do and I give her a hug .
tr	I	His computer screen flashed red and Dryden 's phone buzzed .
tr	O	He put his hand on my arm , and I shrugged it off , too furious to say anything .
tr	I	Somebody who made such a blunder could no longer work for the department , but Noone disproved this lie .
tr	I	There was still something wrong with my eyes , but eventually , the wheezes became more like gasps .
tr	O	I can move freely 60 feet in any direction from the center , but that 's it .
tr	I	Vlad was well worth the fight , and I 'd faced longer odds before .
tr	O	He dove into the water and as he swam away , a tail swished out of the water behind him just before he disappeared under the waves .
tr	I	They broke up a year ago , but he 'd been engaged once .
tr	I	Now it was exhilarating , and she had hated that name so much .
tr	I	I didn 't ask to carry the weight of an entire race on my shoulders , but maybe I was just being a drama queen .
tr	O	Raven speaks quietly , but the urgency there commands our attention .
tr	I	She knew it , and he challenged her .
tr	O	She was cooking , stirring a pot on the stove and I could see that the oven was on .
tr	I	I guess I 've lost some weight since the last time I took them and I took two pills instead of one .
tr	I	He invested his whole life in it , and my father loved that restaurant .
tr	O	He was happy and this was what she wanted .
tr	I	His strategy had nothing to do with the fact that he actually liked Paige , and he didn 't do sentimental .
tr	O	Everyone in the room chuckled , and the atmosphere relaxed a little .
tr	I	A short trim man in his late twenties regarded me with solemn blue eyes and a few seconds later the door swung open .
tr	I	It looked as if Golden was still off his feet and the mountain lion had gone .
tr	I	My tongue darted out to wet my lips , and I struggled to pull a breath into the well of my lungs .
tr	O	I didn 't know what that expression meant , but it made me want to melt into him .
tr	I	The lights seemed to dim oppressively and the air became heavier .
tr	I	Many die , and one heart stops .
tr	I	Gentlemen second , and Real Englishmen are British first .
tr	I	My feet settled onto the vinyl at his back and he wrapped my legs around his waist .
tr	I	Ten minutes later he 'd still received no response , but again , he texted her .
tr	O	It 's not likely , but it 's possible .
tr	O	I had every right to feel violated , but I didn 't .
tr	I	He kept the horses back from the tide and the ocean was choppy thanks to the incoming weather system .
tr	I	The stone looked older behind it , and half the wall had tumbled down , here .
tr	I	A deep , vibrating hum echoed through her , and his fingers closed around hers .
tr	I	Hands resting upon his thighs and justus sat , legs apart .
tr	O	My knees hit the edge and I sink down .
tr	O	Beads of sweat had formed on his unshaven face , and he ran his fingers through his short gray hair .
tr	O	He 'd been trained on the reservation as a child , and when it came to hunting , he did the job well .
tr	I	It wasn 't deer season , so she couldn 't flag down a hunter but to her right there were woods .
tr	O	At least I don 't walk into everything anymore and I don 't trip over my own feet .
tr	I	It wasn 't the kind of question that asked for a positive response , but he asked .
tr	I	You refuse to drop it , but I told you it 's dangerous .
tr	O	The printout had nicely narrowed down the possibilities , and as expected , none had the name Dermot .
tr	O	The plane had landed an hour earlier , and he had stopped by the house to change into something lawyerly .
tr	O	Harriet tried to look scandalized , but then laughter overcame her .
tr	I	I couldn 't help it , but I knew I was acting foolishly .
tr	I	There was a hard bite to his voice , but Mikhail extended a welcoming hand to the priest .
tr	O	He opened the now empty hatch , slid in , and it closed above him , sealing him in .
tr	I	I 'm going to be predictable today , but um , I hate to admit it .
tr	O	Already fangs were exploding in his mouth , and the red haze demanding a kill was spewing upward with violent , murderous intent .
tr	O	I couldn 't remember the last time I 'd seen a blues band , and this one was incredible .
tr	O	Sabin straightened his fingers , and they brushed the tip of the knife .
tr	I	I can 't answer her , but I 'm gasping for air .
tr	I	Everything was going wrong and I was completely numb .
tr	O	The path they follow is obscure , but it will in the fullness of time bring them to the self-same place whither our path leads us .
tr	I	It was even worse than the rumors , and she 'd visited a few times .
tr	I	There wasn 't any ... chemistry , but she liked them .
tr	O	Eventually we pulled up to a magnificent building and I was surprised when the driver announced we had arrived at our hotel .
tr	I	He nailed it but I was a little worried that he was in a little over his head .
tr	I	It looked amazing hanging around his neck , and he put the necklace on .
tr	I	Retirement seemed like a lifetime ago , and Rest , I knew , was for the living .
tr	I	They all fell to the floor and she doubled over , grasped her belly .
tr	O	I tried to fly but it didn 't work .
tr	O	He wasn 't strikingly handsome , but he had an air of something special about him , something compelling .
tr	O	He held the carton out to me , and I shook my head again .
tr	O	She shouted back into the cave , and everyone tumbled out , bubbling appreciation .
tr	O	They might be killed to a man , but they would never break .
tr	I	I couldn 't give her this but she started to shake her head .
tr	O	She had this shoulder-length brown hair and her eyes were yellow - GOLDEN yellow .
tr	O	I watch her chest shudder to a stop , and I know she 'll never open her eyes again .
tr	O	She couldn 't remember , and she shuddered at the thought that maybe she hadn 't .
tr	O	I 'd encouraged Alix to join , and then the moment she left the store I wondered if I 'd done the right thing .
tr	I	He puts his arm over my shoulders , and I go to stand next to him .
tr	I	It 's hardly the truth when measured against his original intentions , but it 's the truth when measured against the question .
tr	O	I can 't keep my cheeks from turning bright red , and I turn my face partly away , hoping he doesn 't notice .
tr	I	Then he began , his long fingers dancing across the keyboard , and it took Artie a second to recover from Ann 's kiss .
tr	O	Her face flushes red and she shifts the handle of her purse higher onto her shoulder .
tr	O	His fingers pinched my nipples , and I squeezed my legs together .
tr	O	His nose was broken bad and half of his ribs must have been broken .
tr	O	I 'm not so sure about that thought Jen to herself but it 's got nothing to do with her .
tr	I	His bones began to knit together but the days passed slowly , especially when Jane was not on duty .
tr	I	Another finished blanket was added to her arms and On Evelyn went to the next table .
tr	I	She feels a blanket and her coat goes off .
tr	I	I gave up on having a relationship and it didn 't end well .
tr	O	I was shouting at the top of my lungs and suddenly I heard a teacher 's voice behind me .
tr	I	I smile at her and she whispered to me .
tr	I	I stumble into the bathtub , slipping on the bottom and the movement sends me forward .
tr	O	Her eyelashes fluttered down and she complied with his command .
tr	I	Aly spun around in my arms , and Christopher wandered off behind her .
tr	O	Adel 's dresser had been emptied and his clothes looked like they had been trampled on by stiletto heeled boots .
tr	I	The plateau looked like an endless desert over which a great bucket of green paint had been spilled , and the countless rice crops lay ahead .
tr	O	I look in the mirror and Declan 's name runs through my mind , planted there by my subconscious .
tr	O	As he spoke , crates were opened and their contents thrown amongst the crowds .
tr	O	There are certain times when women talk , and the only thing men can do is shut up .
tr	O	His tongue pushed gently past her lips into her mouth and his arms tightened around her .
tr	O	His tone displayed a complete lack of interest , but I knew better .
tr	O	He stuck out his hand but she couldn 't move .
tr	I	Half the pack turns toward Serena 's tree and more wolves join in with their own growl .
tr	I	Considering Lea 's strength , Valeria came out with more damage , but normally , both fighters would feel the same amount of damage .
tr	I	Julie knew instinctively that this was their best chance , and Somewhere to the east was Sam Houston 's army .
tr	O	The group had left most of their furs behind at the Gatehouse , where Sage could guard them , and Elena didn 't even have spare clothes .
tr	O	He let go , and we split off .
tr	I	I have no gun , and I can 't fight .
tr	O	The room was filled with steam now , and as she looked over at the mirror she realised that the smiley face had gone .
tr	I	Nobody could do anything about it , and she was dead .
tr	O	Our eyes meet in understanding for a moment and I 'm not embarrassed when a tear leaks .
tr	O	It wouldn 't be easy and it wouldn 't be overnight .
tr	O	I had never argued with my mother before , and my heart was pounding with the effort it took to do so now .
tr	I	She 'd never looked so beautiful , but her grandmother was a healthy woman .
tr	I	Joni looked up and the man spoke again .
tr	O	I 'm speculating , but I 'm on the trail of the truth .
tr	I	She had missed excitement in her life for the past few years and he was exciting .
tr	O	The pain in his eyes echoed his words , and the knot in her chest tightened .
tr	I	She jumped , this time sending the lamp crashing to the floor and the doorbell to Rena 's house rang .
tr	I	I wish he 'd just get to it , and he 's clearly building to some criminal crescendo .
tr	O	Queen Tiffany sighed from her chair and he glanced at her to see her nodding at toward the messenger .
tr	I	I wasn 't cold , but my teeth were chattering .
tr	I	She knew how fast they would be , yet her only hope was to outrun them .
tr	I	They 're people you can trust , and they must be able to help .
tr	I	She had two voicemails on her permanent phone , but there was nothing on the burner phone .
tr	I	His reasoning had never been more accurate , but it had been almost three years since James Carruthers had given him the bottle .
tr	I	I wanted to taste him , and he was right there , masculine , hot , sexy , so incredibly sexy .
tr	O	He took me in his arms , and I clung to him .
tr	O	I 'm desperately trying to justify my position here , and I can tell Shay isn 't buying it .
tr	I	It 's nice to think it , but I don 't actually think that 's going to happen .
tr	O	Well , I was wide open -- and I was about to cry .
tr	I	His nerves were starting to fray , and he 'd been doing that every five minutes for about the last twelve hours .
tr	O	Half of the sandwich was gone , but Daniel didn 't even want to save the rest when he decided to leave .
tr	O	I glanced over my shoulder , but Vaughn was long gone .
tr	O	Stenger raises his hands but he smiles .
tr	I	He wanted to be safe , but the glue was supposed to work instantly .
tr	O	She gave me a different picture of her and I saw what must have attracted Ross in the first place .
tr	I	His mouth formed an O and the vicar 's eyes widened .
tr	O	She remembered that Dane had said that he would pray for her , and it seemed to her that she could almost hear his voice .
tr	I	He drank and his teeth pierced her again .
tr	I	My hands constricted on Aly 's face , and my heart thundered .
tr	O	An engine starts and the movement hurts .
tr	O	It was the cold that brought me around , and it took a few minutes .
tr	I	I let him and he moved closer .
tr	I	His mouth tightened in anguish and Cain 's eyes slid shut .
tr	O	He 's such a good guy , and I 'm so messed up .
tr	I	At least he was conscious , but the color in his face was still horrible .
tr	I	She could stand on her own , but her legs were still mush .
tr	O	My first reaction was to decline , but then I changed my mind .
tr	I	I wouldn 't get sick and oh well , at least there wasn 't any spit this time .
tr	I	I can see every muscle in Kim 's body tense and Ray shows her badge .
tr	I	After a while I asked him to interpret the scene for me , and I tried to figure out what I was seeing .
tr	O	Connie nodded in agreement , eagerly digging into her second dessert , but Mac didn 't believe he could fit in one more bite .
tr	I	The glass slippers were the most important part , and Cinderella was my favorite movie at the time .
tr	I	I came over to listen and I heard talking .
tr	O	I 'd warn you about some of my guests , but since you came Sylvia Day - Bad Boys Ahoy !
tr	O	Pussy was offering her an out , and she wasn 't even taking it .
tr	I	She liked being there and I liked her in there .
tr	I	He finally understood after reading the caption under the picture but it took him a moment .
tr	I	An involuntary moan rose in my throat and he was on his feet in a single , fluid movement .
tr	O	I was trembling and I was listening .
tr	O	Since the lights were off , I figured it was safe to raise the blinds , and I forced the window open , allowing fresh air inside .
tr	I	Her glasses were low on her nose and she had dark circles under her eyes .
tr	O	She 'd always written it off as creepy coincidences , but it was true .
tr	I	Calliope 's eyes never left mine , and I stood .
tr	O	While we were snacking , the puck dropped and we immediately found ourselves yelling at the refs for blatant missed calls .
tr	I	Certainty and * * * Haidar shook with the enormity of the averted catastrophe , of witnessing Roxanne 's bliss .
tr	I	I admired it appropriately , and Alcide pointed out the golden figure on the dome of the new capitol .
tr	I	It didn 't change the fact that it had been evil , but now she understood his intention had been to make her run .
tr	O	The whole village seemed to be awake , and fires had broken out .
tr	I	I heard a shy snigger and Lucas snuggled in beside me .
tr	O	She doesn 't want to talk about that night , and that 's all right with me .
tr	I	Cameron let the wad of money dangle from his fingers , and he held out the letters again .
tr	I	He was already getting on my nerves and I didn 't even know the man .
tr	I	Unlike most , you didn 't take breaks after every capture , but as far as I knew , you were a bounty hunter .
tr	I	I was no exception and everyone outgrows their parents .
tr	I	Now he reaches to my back , feeling around for a zipper , but he 's been holding still , just watching me look at him .
tr	I	She couldn 't exert herself like that in this atmosphere , but Beth was in good shape .
tr	O	The troops overseas were a favorite topic and Pete was all for bringing every one of them home .
tr	O	This family had been wrapped up in a web of lies for years and unless it all came out , none of them would have peace .
tr	O	There was a nak * d girl at my feet , but he didn 't look at her the way he was looking at me .
tr	O	This is a small bravery and I respect him for it .
tr	O	He only grabbed Quinn to get his attention , and he let go as soon as he had .
tr	I	I could keep Casey safe in the process , and two days to make sure everything checked out .
tr	O	She inclined her head , but she did not cry .
tr	O	She tried to flex her leg but it still hurt .
tr	I	It fell forward , groaning and his machete sliced the zombie 's leg .
tr	O	He opened the door and I ran to him .
tr	I	There she was and a bulk of seniors emerged .
tr	O	He turns me around , causing ripples in the water , and then his mouth is on mine .
tr	I	We started walking down halls like we owned the place and Mouse sniffed the air .
tr	I	I generally don 't give a shit about people , and Beth 's been the only girl to mean something to me .
tr	I	The music took over and all serious discussion ceased .
tr	I	His hand merely skimmed her bare back , but he reached out .
tr	O	His expression seemed so sincere and if I were a weaker woman I would have melted in the intensity of his feelings for me .
tr	I	Her eyes looked white in the gloom and she turned .
tr	I	I think she always believed that they 'd be together , but I don 't think it was ever love .
tr	I	She was physically sick and she felt unwell .
tr	I	You don 't have a heartbeat and you are faster than every car .
tr	O	I try to respond , but I 'm not sure I 'm forming real words .
tr	I	I didn 't do it or my stuff was shot tastefully .
tr	O	His feet ached , and his knees throbbed .
tr	O	We 're still heading up and I 'm already getting sore .
tr	O	He 'd just needed to take a step back and now here it was dawning on him .
tr	O	My horse tried to follow , but the prince grabbed its reins , yanking it up short .
tr	O	Sabine started and her head jerked to us .
tr	O	I thought she was exceptionally pretty , but maybe I was just biased .
tr	I	The Joe was gone , but great coffee pot , mug ready , ready for coffee .
tr	O	My pants come next and I pull on the other pair of shorts I had in my bag .
tr	O	His head snapped around and he saw the boy in the cap dragging him down .
tr	O	He yanked me toward his mouth and our lips crashed together .
tr	O	Remember this , and I knew this secret without anyone having to tell me .
tr	O	The ball was tossed , and the monks received it .
tr	I	I saw her eyes begin to change , and she stood up .
tr	I	He walks with the determined expression of those who move the world and for sure his hair is white .
tr	O	Brady still shot glances my way , but he was more curious than angry .
tr	O	Cyn was nowhere to be seen , but given that it was midnight , she was probably in bed .
tr	O	Her feet sank into random pockets of slush , but she kept running .
tr	I	Wearing a camouflage Army uniform , and he was now cleaned up .
tr	I	He had a vital role to play in furthering the cause and it was coming .
tr	I	I keep hearing amazing things , but it might just be hype .
tr	I	These succubi who produce such things are like mercury , but Pete has gone after a few people .
tr	O	Her soft moan of pleasure at the sensual touch had him tightening his hold on her , and his lips pressing deeper against hers .
tr	I	Maddox held up one bruised palm , but Lucien opened his mouth to respond .
tr	O	There was something that had baffled me from the start , and now seemed as good a time as any to ask Hollis about it .
tr	O	We end up behind them and Luke 's wheels are turning as he eyes the tallest one 's ass .
tr	O	She doubted he had even heard her , but her deeds here would be message enough .
tr	I	Phillip will be in the west wing , and it 's on some small road .
tr	O	His face fell and he sat down .
tr	I	He stayed in , and I got out .
tr	O	Footsteps sounded , rattling into the rotunda , and we all tensed .
tr	O	You know Stan and I are happy .
tr	O	When he straightened , the tiny dots were no longer there , and Mary Ann was certain she had imagined them .
tr	I	It was not a reflection of anything around us , but it looked like a reflection of something .
tr	I	I caught an amber glow from the central part of the house , but there was little light inside .
tr	O	We walked through the main entrance , and I made sure to keep Charlotte in my sight at all times .
tr	I	The Prince dodged just fast enough to feel the air from one of the girl 's daggers ruffle his hair , and sound .
tr	O	Prewitt loves me , but he can 't touch me , due to Trig .
tr	O	His family had been destroyed six years ago , and although they went through the motions , healing had never truly occurred .
tr	I	In its place was a gash , and the steel post that had been there was gone .
tr	I	It was more comfortable to simply stand , but she had tried sitting on the couch .
tr	I	The breeze was cool , but the sun was hot .
tr	O	Things were done as far as they were concerned and it was time to head home .
tr	I	At least he said something really funny , but he hasn 't said anything positive yet !
tr	O	We were next up to place our orders , and I treated everybody to lunch .
tr	I	She slept and Night fell .
tr	O	Guards were called over and hard hands settled over him , pressing him down , holding him steady .
tr	O	His eyes went wide , and his lips dipped into a scowl .
tr	I	It was still good to complete the list without seeing any of their names , but she hadn 't expected them to be .
tr	O	It was weak , but it was there .
tr	O	She tried coughing quietly , but Aunt Marilyn chuckled .
tr	I	It would get easier , but it was easier said than done .
tr	O	This was the first time Linc had taken a good look at her ... and he saw that she was even lovelier than he 'd realized .
tr	O	Ty ran the pants inside and when I finally got inside Savanna was already in the bathroom changing .
tr	I	The highway coiled , giving them a chance to brace themselves and he pushed the handlebars forward .
tr	O	Benson 's head snapped back , and I wish it hadn 't .
tr	I	The tears are already here and my hands are shaking .
tr	I	It was Ink who 'd appeared in Colorado , but Horse had taken Shady 's spot as gang leader .
tr	I	They both went to bed and Charlie checked the doors .
tr	O	She was one of the prettiest girls at Quail Mountain High , but to me , her attraction wasn 't so much her looks .
tr	O	Her friend 's opinion of Nolan had never been high and Maryanne had to bite back the urge to defend him .
tr	O	She looked for the tuning key , but it was nowhere to be found .
tr	O	It was only twelve miles to the mainland , but progress was painstakingly slow .
tr	O	California water might look inviting , but it was freaking frigid .
tr	O	A laugh came back to me , and I stiffened .
tr	I	Hearing her name jolted me but I had been expecting this question .
tr	O	They saw , and all hell nearly broke loose .
tr	O	She tasted her own tears , salty on his lips , and he opened her mouth with his , carefully , gently .
tr	I	The gray-haired cop didn 't seem to buy it , but I fed him the same story .
tr	O	The wood underfoot gleamed like freshly minted gold , and the sharp scent of varnish filled the air .
tr	I	Now she did , but Baby Samson had given her a taste of something she 'd never thought she 'd want .
tr	I	I counted on that paranoia to keep me breathing , and I wasn 't sure whom I could trust here .
tr	O	Now frantic , her hands tightened on his face and his eyes went from her changing hair to her .
tr	I	For a few minutes I considered letting him do more , and his hands lingered .
tr	O	It was a letdown to admit this failing , but it was the truth .
tr	O	The ship rocked again , and Fintan felt his stomach lurching .
tr	O	We were glaring at each other , and my breathing had become somewhat agitated .
tr	O	It 's weird but when you spray herbicide on people , they call my uncle 's office to complain .
tr	O	He had no plan for them , and there was no time to make any , once they had set to work .
tr	I	It didn 't matter , and somehow she had lost the ability to breathe .
tr	I	She stumbled back , falling onto her rear and Pain blazed across the wound .
tr	O	She mouthed the words as if she were whispering , but her voice was so loud that everyone heard her .
tr	O	He could scarce keep his teeth under control , and the scent of blood was a constant torment .
tr	O	The vision was very strong and it startled me .
tr	O	Haven started to reply , looking up from her plate , but her words trailed off when her gaze drifted past Gavin .
tr	O	In the stories , Anansi is a spider , but he is also a man .
tr	O	Harding , meanwhile , was completely silent , and Dennis mentally bowed to a chorus of thunderous imaginary applause .
tr	O	He turned away from me , but I yelled at his back .
tr	O	Colin hadn 't contacted me , and I hadn 't had time to do the research I wanted .
tr	O	Not that different was a bad thing , but Dan 's type of different definitely was .
tr	O	There has been a lot of terrorism going on around the world and we are working to fight against this .
tr	O	I didn 't love her , but I did like her a little .
tr	O	She just wanted to work him up , to let him feel the pleasure , but she didn 't want him to come , not yet .
tr	O	He jerked books out of their arms and they chased him .
tr	O	There was a sudden sweep of wind as Pan witnessed the man 's fist fly into view ... and his world was sucked into darkness .
tr	I	I doubted he 'd be as gentle as last time , and he 'd probably have a punishment prepared .
tr	I	I didn 't want anyone to think I was dissing her because she was giving my boyfriend rides , and she was part of this heat too .
tr	O	Don 't worry , I 'm not a bad angel and I 'm not going to hurt you .
tr	I	I barely kept my heart from exploding while trying my best to keep breathing , and a rush of blood colored my face .
tr	I	I had broken up , although Mia had made efforts to remain friends and I had lost touch with both of them after Jackson .
tr	I	I knew the way , but there was no trail .
tr	I	It hurt so I laid it back down and I lifted my arm so he could see .
tr	I	He wasn 't ready for it yet and it felt like a turning point .
tr	I	There was no humor in the smile , but his mouth kicked up at one corner .
tr	I	We might have to get it out quickly , or it may be better to treat the trauma if there is no immediate risk of deterioration .
tr	I	I don 't know if I believe anymore and it didn 't .
tr	I	It was ready to go again and Luckily Bryce had fixed my gun .
tr	I	He simply unhooked the rusted latch and there was no lock on it .
tr	I	It was the material of nightmare , not fantasy , and he 'd seen that last with his own eyes .
tr	I	Now I may never be able to speak to him again and I 'd missed out on a year of conversations with him .
tr	O	For years , his opinion hadn 't mattered , but now it did .
tr	O	His smell was on the sheets pressed against my face , and my body tingled in response .
tr	O	I dragged in a breath , but it didn 't go anywhere .
tr	I	At this point she looked like she had been run over by a bus and Matt was meeting her family tonight .
tr	I	An unfamiliar man walks in , wearing a white lab coat and I am startled when the door bursts open .
tr	O	He smiled and she took very little comfort from it .
tr	I	There was nowhere for her to go , nowhere to hide , but she scooted away from him .
tr	O	When I stopped the car , Jason turned to look at me , and even in the dim light I saw the change in his eyes .
tr	O	Maybe Mom would come back and we could find somewhere else to live , just the two of us .
tr	O	His gaze was focused on the TV , but most of his attention was on her .
tr	I	I couldn 't be happier and my wife was clinging to me .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to stand for it and he was playing me .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure , but the look in his eyes was terrifying .
tr	O	A slow chill crawls up my spine , and I have to fight off a shudder .
tr	I	I felt the guilt for making her worry and I was enveloped in her patchouli scented arms .
tr	O	His idiot offspring 's mother would complain , but she 'd have to get over it .
tr	O	He accomplished his mission but someone figured out it was him .
tr	I	She pressed on , but she was so weak she could hardly stand .
tr	O	Her experience seemed to be only a bad story and Jonas was only a bad wolf from a fairy tale .
tr	I	She hated his wife , but he loved his sister .
tr	O	It was difficult to appear casual but she 'd have to do it .
tr	I	They were not aggressive in any way , but the guards were looking at her nervously .
tr	I	Moving around for the first time and Aran was so happy to see her up .
tr	O	It took all of her concentration to remember all the flight checks before take-off , but the instructor coached her .
tr	I	Her ice blue eyes were focused on one point : the woods and her dark brown hair , almost black was sprinkled with tiny snowflakes .
tr	I	His expression was petulant , and Damon was looking down at Bonnie on the altar .
tr	I	Someone pulled the hood off of his head instead , but Thomas Pepper thought that they might kill him them .
tr	O	Unseen forces pulled the Elder into the boy 's frenzy and the two started to run up the narrow path .
tr	O	Except that the flames gave no heat , and Rand would someday kill this man again .
tr	I	Mom came closer , holding Renee out toward me and Micah trotted off .
tr	O	She looked a little sad at the revelation and I had the sinking suspicion I knew why .
tr	I	Rivers of rain ran down her cheeks , and in an instant her hair was drenched .
tr	O	I wanted to cry again but that would show weakness .
tr	O	His hair is slightly damp and he 's carrying a towel .
tr	O	She stood , and when she did , Mack took her free hand in his .
tr	I	Most of his weight was pinning her to the couch and she was flat on her back .
tr	O	This was very unusual and it put me quickly on edge .
tr	O	He rarely knows what he is going to say , and then suddenly it 's there .
tr	O	Even though terrified , I had acted bravely when the moment of need had arisen , but I was no warrior .
tr	I	I shivered , and he skimmed his hands along my bare arms , shoulder to wrist .
tr	I	His cotton undershirt was soaked and Sweat dripped from his nose .
tr	O	Sawyer 's eyes widened , but she was interrupted by a voice behind her before she could say anything to that .
tr	O	You 're really sweet , and you actually want to hang out with me , which is a big plus .
tr	I	Tavi did , but the cold made it hard to speak .
tr	O	She glanced around , but there was no way out without brushing much too close to one of them .
tr	I	There wasn 't a chance to ask to whom he was referring , and I didn 't understand his final words .
tr	O	The job was scrubbed and both barely escaped with their lives .
tr	I	Abe lost his balance and the garbage can wobbled .
tr	O	I wasn 't , but he hung up before I could argue .
tr	I	Two other movies had been made from my books , so I was used to it by now , but it was good news of course .
tr	I	He kept his cool , but this irked the Nigerian .
tr	O	Ren e reached out to him again , but where the lights were directly above , she couldn 't go .
tr	I	In a bunch of pampered young girls it 's probably worse than most , and it happens everywhere .
tr	O	It was late and she was tired .
tr	I	I shoved Kenzie behind me , meeting the faery with my sticks raised , and shaking its fingers , it crept forward again .
tr	I	I came up on my toes , and Heat sparked between us like two live wires .
tr	I	He 'll give it to me , or it can 't be too overdone .
tr	O	Della 's blood pressure rose and her canines extended just watching him .
tr	I	I lumbered outside to take a piss , and her stolid look shook me out of my spell .
tr	O	I can 't change the past , and it will only upset him .
tr	I	He called to her and his mind sought hers .
tr	I	When she opened her eyes , she saw his pattern and Kylie blinked .
tr	I	Auron remembered some faces and they knew who he was .
tr	O	He was breathing slowly and his eyes were closed .
tr	O	There was a pause , and I heard him sigh .
tr	O	He was on the board of directors and it was an annual ball held to benefit sea life along the gulf coast .
tr	I	She felt that they both needed it after today , but it would be another silent night .
tr	O	His face had returned to the stoic mask she was used to , but his eyes showed a glimmer of care .
tr	O	This wasn 't the kind of establishment I usually frequented , but my boss had been adamant that I meet Mayfield in his preferred environment .
tr	I	She shivered even in the hot sun , and fear chilled her heart .
tr	I	It should open , and just press your thumb against the pad on the face .
tr	I	He pulled himself up onto the grass , his body flat out on his chest and his boots found purchase .
tr	I	Then his hardened nature took over , and Compassion flashed over Eddie 's face .
tr	O	Now the last intimation of purple was exposed against the western horizon , but it blackened the moment I saw it .
tr	I	I felt my chest tighten , and the image of Dex gasping for breath suddenly flashed in my brain .
tr	I	We passed along the same horror to them they had been handing out around Paris , and I opened the door .
tr	I	It was always so confusing with Demetri , but he made me feel things , good things .
tr	O	I ran my finger across the screen , but it didn 't change the picture .
tr	I	The enemy was victorious and the battle was over .
tr	I	My hands could not stop shaking from the violent current in my bloodstream and my nerves were completely fried .
tr	O	Devon was glad she 'd had such a great day , but part of him was disappointed he hadn 't gotten to enjoy it with her .
tr	O	I know it would get him to stop , but I guess I 'm not a good person .
tr	O	Loras has been saving this rage for turns , and there 's no denying it .
tr	O	A small breath of wind blew through one of the windows and she moved toward it , running her finger carefully along the jagged glass .
tr	O	Michael got off his chair , but he was so short no one could see his whole head above the table .
tr	I	She knows our lives are intertwined , and she has always valued my life .
tr	I	I don 't know what to do with it , and it 's unsettling in a settling sort of way .
tr	O	There were only a hundred of them left by then , but I had no plans to offer them a fair fight .
tr	O	It was depressing and I felt miserable .
tr	I	Zeus stepped through , and the curtains parted .
tr	O	I 've no use for it and I don 't think it will come in handy any other time soon .
tr	O	I spent a while blocking everyone out , and now I 'm finally letting someone in .
tr	O	We tried a search for several academic articles that she had written , but there was nothing listed .
tr	I	Their teeth clashed with the depth , and he deepened the kiss .
tr	O	A silver SUV slammed on its brakes and Dean barely noticed .
tr	O	I could hear the bell on the door jingle when someone came out , and the tell-tale scent of coffee trailed behind .
tr	O	She 'd ordered kills many times , on Whitney 's behalf , but she didn 't actually get her hands dirty .
tr	O	Then he realized that the person must be speaking to him , and he turned to see who it was .
tr	I	Not fast enough , he angrily acknowledged , but the earth was moving .
tr	I	All your friends and what I will do to you .
tr	O	She tossed a few things in his direction , and he snagged them from the air in surprise .
tr	I	The rift begun then remains , and they resented our getting married .
tr	I	He had work to do and these things went on forever .
tr	O	She would think too much , and that was never a good thing .
tr	I	Although Danny refuses to nap , his senses are blunted as he walks outside the hotel , and all of the driving has taken its toll .
tr	I	I didn 't saw nothing unusual and I looked on the window straight in the parking lot .
tr	I	His eyes swept across at the two women and the man stopped .
tr	O	Sure I got horny like everyone else , but the want currently consuming me wasn 't natural .
tr	O	I 'll see you when you arrive there , and I 'll come to you .
tr	I	Camille wanted to cut to the chase to find out what , and no , he wanted something else from her .
tr	I	He saw her in his dreams and he thought of her every minute .
tr	I	The corners of his eyes creased with the smile I so rarely earned and he chuckled .
tr	O	She was wearing pure , cold white , and her lips seemed almost blue .
tr	O	It was heavy for him now , and he could see blood behind his eyes when he lifted it .
tr	O	I know that was wrong as well but I have reached my zenith of patience .
tr	I	My stomach hurt just at the thought of accompanying Foster anywhere , and to say I was stunned would be to understate my feelings .
tr	O	She was surprised he understood and her posture stiffened in defense .
tr	O	She knew she 'd have to deal with them eventually , but she wasn 't prepared to yet .
tr	I	This one was , and that didn 't mean he couldn 't appreciate an attractive woman though .
tr	I	I 'm not sure I can , but I want all of that with Noah .
tr	I	That could change , but the skies were clear now .
tr	O	The three of us grow quiet and I feel like I 'm going to explode .
tr	O	Her eyes narrowed as she watched him search for an excuse , but when he opened his mouth to speak , no words came .
tr	I	She was frozen , and he was too close .
tr	I	It would be about me later , but it was about Watson right then .
tr	I	I turn to look at him , and Logan punches me in the arm .
tr	O	He was not really the boys ' uncle ; but he had known them all their lives .
tr	O	It could have been minutes or it could have been hours .
tr	I	I must have jumped a foot and my fork dropped with a clang .
tr	I	It was a wedding dress and well , it was white .
tr	I	I started crying , and I suddenly thought about the dead monkey .
tr	I	My legs threatened to give out , and he slid an arm around me .
tr	O	I know that doesn 't sound like much , but we 're talking twenty-four LSD trips here , with a maximum of four in one week .
tr	O	I thought they were airport employees , but they didn 't introduce themselves .
tr	O	Your designs have such great promise , and I absolutely see a tremendous market for them .
tr	O	I brought my hands to my mouth with a gasp and dropping the certificate , remembered the figure in had seen in the piano .
tr	I	She 'd chicken out or if she was going to do this , she 'd better do it now .
tr	O	She took a step back and he immediately narrowed his eyes .
tr	I	The guests remained in the colorful ballroom , but a fire had been lit here for the guests .
tr	O	I couldn 't get a clear line on his thoughts , but when he spoke again , there was a different intensity in his voice .
tr	O	We 're small and we take care of each other .
tr	I	An older couple walks out chatting happily and the elevator opens a few doors down .
tr	I	He kissed me , and I turned up my face then .
tr	I	Also a wariness I didn 't understand , and there was stark relief in his gaze .
tr	I	There is a sense that I was happy once , but I don 't remember much of my past .
tr	O	He 'd flirt , kiss you senseless , shower you with compliments , and you 'd hold your breath praying he wouldn 't cheat on you .
tr	I	They were too far away to tell , but what were they , she asked herself .
tr	O	I know he 's reliable , and he is sexy as hell .
tr	I	We were too late to see Jonas , and we arrived too late to help Julian .
tr	I	The traffic was slow but the driver was fast .
tr	I	He 'd definitely have an advantage and one swift kick in that gut .
tr	I	When could I ever count on comfort from my father , but that wasn 't exactly the reassurance I was hoping for ?
tr	O	We have something very serious to say to you , and I charge you in the Lord 's name to listen carefully .
tr	O	The whole Spy Games staff was outside my front door , and I had thousands of dollars spread out on the table .
tr	I	She secretly found it touching that he cared about her safety , but she might joke with him about being like an overprotective father .
tr	I	Bennett stayed by my side the entire time , but most of the tenants went back to sleep .
tr	O	Oh no , I had never seen her pissed before and I doubted if that was a good thing .
tr	O	Water must run downhill , and you must be told .
tr	I	His fingers buckled under the hard muscles , but his claws pierced his enemy 's skin .
tr	I	It made me smile and an awed whisper rippled through the crowd .
tr	I	I shook as I relaxed my inner muscles , and something large , something hard pushed at my opening .
tr	I	The tight curling locks sculptors give to statues of Adonis and the other stood gilded by the firelight , with a straight profile .
tr	O	It was very close now , whatever it was , and the closer it got , the more I shook .
tr	O	He pretends to be unruffled , but I note he 's gotten shaky .
tr	I	He felt like a damn kid asking a girl on a first date and his palms were even damp .
tr	I	The room started to feel uncomfortably warm , and while I contemplated her accomplishment , a silence fell between us .
tr	I	I wondered what he was thinking , and Noah watched me for a second , eyes narrowed , focus intent .
tr	I	She wanted to be able to do the same for him and she knew he would listen with an open mind to her reasons .
tr	I	That would have been too much , but she would have spritzed perfume on .
tr	O	Their bodies came gently together , and a shudder went through her .
tr	O	The sky was very overcast , and it started to snow again .
tr	I	Shadowhunters in black gear poured into the room , seizing hold of him and before Simon could say a word in reply , the door burst open .
tr	I	Flung the top over the railing and she made fast work of the buttons down his camo uniform .
tr	O	Waiting for answers was terrible , but Jude had to bear it .
tr	O	It wouldn 't be much good but it was all I could find .
tr	I	Our way was blocked by a massive growth of Wisteria , but we started to him .
tr	O	Mary Ann would have fallen , and he couldn 't allow that .
tr	I	They simply weren 't up to it , and that left Herrera , Nap the Colonel .
tr	I	His muscles stood out rigidly against me and his scent was stronger , heightened by his passion as his fingers caressed the nape of my neck .
tr	I	Her breathing was ragged and her eyes were huge .
tr	I	She 'd been too upset with herself to listen to him , but Dimitri had told her .
tr	O	I can 't leave Olivia , and I still have to find my parents .
tr	I	If she did , she didn 't react , or the professor didn 't notice , though .
tr	I	The moonlight filters in , casting the room in a milky glow and the blinds aren 't closed all the way on the bay windows .
tr	I	They were painfully young , and they were both in dire need of an orthodontist .
tr	I	What she saw there before he quickly looked away made her much more afraid for Jake than for herself , and she looked up into his eyes .
tr	I	By July , those air conditioned rooms would be much more comfortable , but Open air was fine in Dallas in April .
tr	O	A furious gallop sounded behind them , and both turned quickly to see who was bearing down on them .
tr	O	She blew softly , and a tiny drop of red rolled off to spatter the white tile floor .
tr	I	He pursed his lips instead , but Phillip looked as if he would correct me for not using his name .
tr	O	It didn 't look the same , but it didn 't look different , either .
tr	I	Benedict was often ... eager for female company , and Salina 's mother died when she was young .
tr	I	I noticed he was sitting a row closer to me than yesterday , but luckily , he wasn 't looking my way right at that moment .
tr	O	Rema 's head pounded , and she gasped for air .
tr	I	Ben knew he hated it , and he hated when Ben rolled his eyes at him .
tr	I	I knew that tomorrow would be , too , and Today had been one hell of a day .
tr	O	Eirik was and he was perfect in every way .
tr	I	I felt his eyes on me and he turned over on his side .
tr	I	We lose , or we 've got an hour to get to the base in the center .
tr	O	It was after the show so it obviously did not affect his drumming skills , but by the end of the night , he couldn 't talk .
tr	O	The Prince turned a corner , and there he was , lying in the street , just as the Prince had left him .
tr	O	I asked calmly , but the tremble in my voice betrayed my hurt .
tr	O	It would be a close thing , but there was nothing she could do about it now .
tr	I	He had nothing , but he wished he had bread of his own to give .
tr	I	He couldn 't hide that Cole had gotten to him , but he was trying to act tough .
tr	I	I knew right then that one day this land would be mine , but I didn 't tell them about what I thought I 'd seen .
tr	I	It could have been something else , or it could have been an Escalade .
tr	O	Lupe had stayed , but I couldn 't .
tr	I	Talking about my dad right now was not something I wanted to go into and I just needed to let everything sink in .
tr	O	A chill went up my spine , and my heart began to race , once again .
tr	I	I stepped a bit to my left to have a better view , and my attention was caught by the dull gleam of a shaved head .
tr	O	Aurelius ' eyes were red and his fangs were out .
tr	I	I wasn 't paying attention , but the teacher droned on about some math property .
tr	I	Unlike some , it did not come back , but they had watched it far into the darkness .
tr	I	When they weren 't together , she inevitably found her thoughts drifting toward him , and Luke made the world more vivid somehow , more real .
tr	I	This wasn 't the moment to mention that , but it had worked out for the best , since she had more time for her writing now .
tr	I	He was glad to have delivered one anyway , but he could feel that no apology was necessary .
tr	O	He 's focused on cooking and I 'm focused on him .
tr	I	It 's better to do it by jumping to some other subject , and to avoid further suspicions , it 's better to end the conversation .
tr	O	Course you have , and you know it !
tr	O	He took a step forward , and I backed up .
tr	O	She heard Storm call out something , but it was lost in the sickening vertigo building in her head from the gut-wrenching turmoil of being teleported .
tr	I	You never want to just assume , but we 'd anticipated it would be clear .
tr	I	I can 't be certain , but he told me he thinks it 's to do with the Collars .
tr	I	We turned to the minister so he could begin the ceremony , and she started to laugh as we stood there , holding hands .
tr	O	Jane was a little upset , but she knew there were risks involved in this .
tr	O	He had still been alive then , but now , I didn 't know .
tr	I	No one wanted to touch her , but the headmistress stood on the cobblestones looking up at us .
tr	O	I squeezed her hand slightly and she shifted on the bed .
tr	O	The safe house is run by an old man we call Pops , and he is not one of us .
tr	O	I curled up next to him , and he rolled over onto his side , facing away from me .
tr	I	Then her phone started ringing , and we sat there for a few minutes grinning at each other .
tr	O	She 'd given him a card , but that didn 't prove anything to him .
tr	I	I wasn 't expecting so many , but Merrill warned me they might be there .
tr	O	There were several women at this table , all working hard , and Thor figured one of them had to know .
tr	O	Ethan tried to brush it off , but Julie pressed him for an explanation .
tr	I	It slipped out of her hand twice but she quietly pursued a bright blue one .
tr	O	Food would taste good again , and I 'd stop feeling guilty for the life I should have saved .
tr	O	Cleaning a farmhouse wasn 't the most enjoyable job she 'd ever had , but at least she felt the satisfaction of a job well done .
tr	I	He caught himself as he fell , and Jackie released the air holding him up .
tr	O	She was searching her memories , and they were a jumble of confusion .
tr	O	A soft , cold laugh escaped her , but there was no amusement in her tone .
tr	O	He slaps me on the back , hard and I can 't help lurching forward a bit .
tr	O	Kelly sat up too fast , and his head swam .
tr	I	She 'd been too late , but she shared the same mind connection with her daughter as she did with her sister .
tr	O	She was going to do this well , and that was all that counted now .
tr	O	Lizzie looked over at Lucas and seeing the strained look on his face she shook her head .
tr	O	She wanted to get more facts first , but this situation seemed to be quickly slipping away from her expertise .
tr	O	I start to laugh , but then I stop cold .
tr	O	Mac 's eyelids fluttered , and she shoved the wallet back in his pocket .
tr	O	Those sparkling lips were going to be my undoing , and I had visions of them kissing my body tenderly .
tr	O	She nearly corrected him about the amount of time they had been talking , but then she stopped herself .
tr	I	I was having trouble even keeping my eyes open , and my heart rate was slowing .
tr	I	They 're ice cold and her fingers brush mine .
tr	I	He laughed in his heart ; and lightly he made this vow , as he ever did .
tr	O	He 'd admired their country and he 'd made them laugh .
tr	O	Jeff could see that the storm was already moving off and he needed to get after it .
tr	I	When he was around , he was the life of the party , but people complained to me privately about Doug .
tr	I	Father Seymour departed and they said their good-byes .
tr	O	Her eyes were hidden behind dark framed glasses but Anna could see they were a clear green .
tr	I	Stephanie found his lack of endurance amusing , and he collapsed at the well-received flat area .
tr	I	I 'm not going to ask her about it , but I am kind of curious about her meeting with the lawyer .
tr	I	He flinched horribly and I touched his back .
tr	I	She 'd be more receptive to the fantasy , or too bad she 'd been brought crashing into reality .
tr	I	It was taking all her will to keep it so , but the gun was steady in her hand .
tr	I	Not because he thinks it 's funny , but he lets out this sharp laugh .
tr	I	He 'd been immune to their pleas , but the others had cried , too .
tr	O	Neighbors had gathered outside , and I could hear sirens in the distance .
tr	I	It sounded long enough to become painful but Brick hadn 't done the mental arithmetic .
tr	O	Round the clock sex left her famished and she approached her breakfast with gusto .
tr	I	The door closed behind him and I watched as Stefan folded his large frame into the seat beside me .
tr	I	My mom insisted , but I always tried to get out of swimming lessons .
tr	O	I had only met one other Luna , and he had never met one .
tr	I	I really hadn 't given him a reason to not believe me but he obviously wasn 't buying it .
tr	I	Now I was beginning to wonder if maybe there was more , but I thought he was called in for the drugs as well .
tr	I	My camera was lost , but I 'm fine .
tr	O	Things were set in motion and I felt like it all was going as it was supposed to .
tr	O	I didn 't like the way this was going and I hadn 't even said anything yet .
tr	I	Their wing span alone would 've given them away and they were very large beasts .
tr	I	Dan ' r , even at his best , could not have saved them all and they were being left to the will of their god .
tr	I	They only sparkled when he looked at Izzy , but he had the most amazing blue eyes .
tr	O	There was nothing more to say about Defender and there didn 't seem to be anything else to watch .
tr	O	Mike wanted to be where the action was , not holed up in an office , and he strode out to join them .
tr	O	She wanted to attack Devlin while he was distracted but she had no weapon with which to do so .
tr	I	They had been there all the while ; or other voices rose .
tr	O	Now I told the truth to the world and this depends on them if they will believe me .
tr	I	Businessmen don 't do anything unless it 's profitable , and I 've known a lot of businessmen over the years .
tr	O	Michaels frowned , and the Inquisitors all wore grim expressions .
tr	O	I hadn 't realized they had turned off with my lack of motion , but my now stinging eyes proved otherwise .
tr	O	It was for Cari and it is for Susie .
tr	O	The computer screen showed her programs and she tapped the email icon , waited to connect to her provider , waited again for the emails to download .
tr	I	He forcefully put his hand over it , but she opened her mouth wide to yell .
tr	O	She didn 't have any proof , but her questions must have been making the politician itchy .
tr	O	Maybe we weren 't supposed to be friends anymore , but I could at least apologize for my bad behavior .
tr	I	I feel for her , and I heard it all .
tr	O	She thought Shane 's dad hesitated , but then he shuffled on , until he was out of sight .
tr	O	Everyone except the court reporter rose and Brett opened the session .
tr	O	Monday Serge spent the day in Milan , but he did not go to his office .
tr	O	When I woke up with a start , it was already dark and I sat up to stretch languidly .
tr	O	It hurts , but I learned long ago that everything hurts .
tr	I	You have no right to rule over us all , and you are a liar , a thief .
tr	O	Skye asked , but a noise made Jasmine whirl toward the entrance .
tr	I	He wasn 't answering his door , but his truck sat in the driveway .
tr	O	He 'd seen her as an insecure woman trying to cope with certain change , and he 'd tried to help .
tr	I	They were not his own for he was lying down but he could see feet moving over the ground .
tr	I	I don 't know how that is possible , yet Roosevelt insists the United States will remain neutral .
tr	O	I walked over to his office and I knocked on the door .
tr	I	He didn 't acknowledge me , but I looked up into his eyes , silently begging him not to do anything .
tr	O	They were so much like Jude 's and the sandy blonde hair she had slicked back into a ponytail matched his , too .
tr	O	I made it , and once inside I began to unload the cans two at a time into the garage .
tr	I	I saw it , but he tried to hide the glimmer of panic in his eye .
tr	O	We 'll let bygones be bygones and we 'll return to how we were before .
tr	I	He kept Sara clear , easier to accomplish than blocking her surprise proposal from his mind , but debris pounded his back .
tr	I	The Carriage House had struck his fancy , but I offered the names of a few more places .
tr	O	I looked at him and he smiled at me .
tr	I	An IV fed into her left arm , and she was connected to about five different beeping machines .
tr	I	No clients are coming in , and we have a slow day at the office .
tr	I	His sword was long , and his hand was steady .
tr	I	He sent her a smile that seemed fake , and his eyes changed , as did his face .
tr	O	There was no need to be , she knew , but her body was saying otherwise .
tr	O	I laughed , and she flinched .
tr	I	I laughed and I laughed .
tr	I	Her hair had whitened to platinum and the furrows in her blanching skin had begun to deepen around the sapphire eyes .
tr	O	He presses his knee between my legs , forcing me to part them , and I willingly submit .
tr	O	He was already fully erect , but I decided to make sure .
tr	O	I wanted to stay , but I wanted to go .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure how she felt about him , but as he looked at her , he realized that he was in love with her .
tr	O	The First Lord saw it coming , and he reacted with admirable speed .
tr	I	Perhaps he has even tried to get me to respond to his flair and there 's no other explanation for him not responding to my flair .
tr	I	I can 't sleep but I 'm totally exhausted .
tr	I	Again I find myself staring at Raffaele , and again the memory disappears into thin air .
tr	O	Her fingers were wet with sweat and she dried them surreptitiously on her jeans .
tr	O	It is speculated that they have bred and their pack has grown .
tr	I	Our eyes never met but he sat down next to me .
tr	I	He shouldn 't want to manipulate , and he shouldn 't want to control .
tr	I	It all turned out okay and I believed in what you said .
tr	I	Me running barefoot into the parking lot , screaming with crazed abandon , and a thunderstorm releasing us from misery .
tr	O	She felt her heartbeat return to normal , but the shaking wouldn 't stop .
tr	I	He picked it up , tapping it gently and a cordless microphone was sitting on the table .
tr	O	He growled , and she grinned .
tr	O	The lights are dim but I can make out corridors full of , well , records .
tr	I	Cooper 's body tenses and the groaning starts again .
tr	I	It hadn 't , but it should have .
tr	O	Now he didn 't know what was happening and he dreaded the thought of more running .
tr	O	Jude had made me understand his point of view , and that was a feat worthy of the Nobel Peace Prize .
tr	O	He crossed the room to the doors onto the terrace , and as he opened them , the rain seemed to cease .
tr	I	She was no match for my new strength , but she tried to struggle against me .
tr	I	It sounded as if it was coming from somewhere inside the house , but it had been a single thin peep , barely perceptible .
tr	I	Urine produced when intellectually engaged and I , therefore , feel compelled to establish no connection between fluids consumed .
tr	I	Marcus couldn 't discern her words and the girl was muttering to herself .
tr	I	After that we heard the shot , and the window blew in .
tr	O	She nearly died that day , and he could have let her , giving himself two less mouths to feed .
tr	I	I 'll bring out a plate and have a seat at the table .
tr	O	The one day I could have eaten , and Ryan 's letter eliminated any appetite I might have had .
tr	I	We exited the scene and with everything under control Ivor decided that his job was done .
tr	O	She didn 't ask , and he didn 't tell .
tr	I	Jed wasn 't sure which one was hurt and both were covered in blood .
tr	O	It sparkled in the moonlight , and yellow light seeped out through rows of windows .
tr	O	A single tear fell from her chin , and in that moment I knew what I had to do .
tr	O	Common sense was telling him to panic , but his head kept telling him not to .
tr	I	Besides , I had no choice , and that wouldn 't happen as long as I was careful .
tr	I	I start to face the inevitable and hearing him say that makes me feel better .
tr	O	It 's great football , and they 're offering eighty grand .
tr	O	Aphrodite hadn 't chosen her husband either , after all , and now she 'd spent the entire day cuddling up to him .
tr	O	He is my sculptor , and I am his clay .
tr	O	I need to hear the rest of this , but I 'm running on like zero right now .
tr	I	For a second there is no pain , and my vision goes black .
tr	I	She couldn 't place his features , but the voice was slightly familiar .
tr	I	Then he thumped his shoulder into the door , and she heard a soft pop .
tr	I	It makes me self-conscious and he hugs me back .
tr	I	You shouldn 't have been a prick and I shouldn 't have shown up dressed like a circus freak .
tr	I	The floor rumbled and the walls shook .
tr	O	The pack preferred hunting without guns , but he 'd seen plenty of weapons in the camp .
tr	I	I sure was good at keeping this little munchkin entertained , but I may have not had Ariana 's magic touch when it came to children .
tr	I	I couldn 't move , but I wanted to run .
tr	O	The bells rang over Lissa 's head as she entered and the yapping bark of a small Yorkshire terrier greeted her .
tr	I	Nathan is waiting on the other side , and I shut the door .
tr	O	Nate , who 'd been listening , came over with the coolant and the clerk rang it up .
tr	I	My frustration grew , and no one gained any ground .
tr	I	They appeared to have been talking the whole time and they checked the women occasionally .
tr	I	He would marry her as soon as he could stand , and her name was Marnie .
tr	I	Ty didn 't even know they were after him and they had him cornered already .
tr	I	We made our way inside and he looped his arm over my shoulder .
tr	I	The image of a gorgeous young woman filled the screen , and Michael pressed another button .
tr	O	You are smart and you work hard .
tr	O	I 'm a little more than a foot off the ground and he hasn 't even started to stand yet .
tr	I	Now it was time to toy with the doorman standing under the canopy , and my humor was sharp today .
tr	O	She swirled through , dispensing tinsel in her wake , and he picked a gold strand off his black sweater .
tr	O	The music finished , and the female news anchor on the left looked up from her laptop .
tr	O	She fell against Ethan , and he held her close .
tr	O	There is obvious warmth behind her automated actions , but she no longer lives in a time when it is duly accepted .
tr	I	Dell hadn 't caused the accident and whatever had transpired between his real dad .
tr	I	The lift descended , and the doors closed .
tr	O	One of my men died a couple of months ago and they lied about how he died .
tr	O	I turned away , and he grabbed me .
tr	O	She turned away again , and this time Emma didn 't follow .
tr	I	Her blue gaze full of hate glistened with tears , and her whole body trembled .
tr	I	I wholeheartedly agreed with him , and he wanted to be perfectly sure you would heal completely with no complications .
tr	I	Michael held me back , but I started after him .
tr	O	Your womb didn 't react well to the infection , and it has lost some of its elasticity .
tr	O	She had no idea how to skillfully wield one , and the daggers would force her to get too close to the panthers .
tr	O	That was the happiest day of his life and he came home brimming with the news .
tr	O	Lucan was taking what he could , but Amory was still in control of his destiny .
tr	O	True , it had only been boys , but he paid no mind to the difference .
tr	O	Jess almost laughed at the image that came to mind , but Hester gasped , then slumped against her .
tr	I	There was something underneath her sweet look that troubled me , but Abbi smiled .
tr	I	Tori stiffened and everyone turned .
tr	I	She had barely taken the time to eat - and her entire body was sore - in a very good way .
tr	I	He tried to call out , and his initial sense of drowsy lethargy slid completely away from him .
tr	O	Graham let Dougal touch his wolf nose to Graham 's , and Graham brought his hand up to pat Dougal 's side .
tr	I	That had nothing to do with love , but he had watched Stacy sleep this morning at the chateau .
tr	O	The few remaining trees fell back to a resting position and the windows stopped rattling .
tr	O	He had the same long black hair , bright citrine eyes , and the build of a gladiator without much effort at all .
tr	I	He was staring into the distance at something Paul could not see , and Logan 's eyes gave off an eerie silver glow in the darkness .
tr	O	He fell back and his eyes widened as he realized who I was .
tr	I	I 'm sorry , and I scare you .
tr	I	The vampires aren 't let out during the night and the werewolves there are supposed to all have collars .
tr	O	The car stopped and they got out .
tr	O	That he 'll leave me again , and I need him like I need air .
tr	O	It twinges at my heart and I stop packing .
tr	I	His letter was only one page , and Ricky was again in a hurry .
tr	I	His adversary different from his usual nemeses , and which made the battle different from Gavin 's usual conflicts .
tr	O	The next couple of years were quiet , and that made me very edgy .
tr	O	I should 've been happy to be alive , but to be honest , I was pissed .
tr	O	He needed help , and that was her job .
tr	I	There 's something comforting about that , and his head is shiny .
tr	I	He was certainly stiff , but the man might not be dead .
tr	O	The chaos came from all sides and a thought flickered in my mind .
tr	O	Jeanine jabs one of the buttons with her finger , and everything goes dark .
tr	I	She held on to it , but Meg almost dropped it by surprise .
tr	I	Large windows had been covered over , and Everything mobile had been cleared away .
tr	I	She 'd be a distraction , but he considered asking her to come along .
tr	I	Afterward they lay beside each other , and they made love tenderly , quietly .
tr	I	I could feel a faint tingling sensation and the cool of a mint still lingered .
tr	I	She grabbed on to it , wincing and her head cracked against a fallen tree .
tr	O	He had to stop , but Hart wouldn 't stop .
tr	O	He says it 's fast , but the noise it makes irritates me for some reason .
tr	I	He 's right , and Graham won 't keep his mouth shut .
tr	O	I doubt it 's strange enough for Cami to notice , but I certainly do .
tr	I	The pile took up enough space to accommodate a fair sized village and the rubble was made up of stones too square to have occurred naturally .
tr	I	His gaze remained on Leigh , who hadn 't moved since he spoke , but he smiled for Tabatha .
tr	I	The truth is always better when exposed , and love heals all wounds .
tr	I	She was going to see to it that he paid for that , even if it cost her her life , and he 'd hurt Iain .
tr	O	I try to hide my nerves , but the fact that this guy made me melt before I saw the picture undercuts me .
tr	O	He 'd been born beneath a mantle of power , but also bearing the mantle of a responsibility he couldn 't even begin to fathom .
tr	O	She wanted an echo of her enthusiasm , but I couldn 't muster it .
tr	I	I was the one who replied , but my husband snorted .
tr	I	She left them with Mr. Blackthorn when they were small , but they had the same mother .
tr	O	His arms are folded together and I realize that he never talks with his hands .
tr	I	No one thought it would snow and it was early spring .
tr	I	I wasn 't the only one who got distracted , and Greg Slade was impossible not to watch during class .
tr	I	He didn 't pull away , but she braced herself for his departure .
tr	I	Another part wasn 't so sure , but there was a part of her that wanted to think he was kidding .
tr	I	I tilted my head up , letting the spray wash over me , and they were the source of the water on my face .
tr	I	Staring sternly at them deflected their eyes , and she wiped the leaking from her eyes .
tr	O	My voice was rushed and I didn 't look away from his eyes .
tr	I	He was ready for it this time , but his right knee buckled under his weight once again .
tr	I	She twisted to keep from landing on Nate , and he tossed her to the side .
tr	I	He made attempt on the Triforce again , but I don 't know how .
tr	O	I should have been thrilled that he 'd invited me to visit , but I couldn 't shake the suspicion that there was more .
tr	I	Although I 'd spanked her once before , it was some time ago , and she knew what that symbolised .
tr	I	Then he saw me , but he was going to slide it under the door .
tr	I	I wanted to have my friend by my side now that our lives were being uprooted , but I was almost embarrassed to admit it .
tr	O	Her head suddenly swam and she lost her balance .
tr	I	I must have grimaced , because Georgina squeezed my wrist affectionately and a pain gripped my chest , thinking of Annie .
tr	I	His gaze met hers and his eyes opened .
tr	O	Riley had gone in there close to ten minutes ago , but the operative hadn 't seen Megan arrive .
tr	O	The uncomfortable silence stretched between us , and for a long , stressful moment , even the air stayed still .
tr	O	Her eyes were narrowed , and she was watching me .
tr	I	She had theories and she had questions .
tr	I	The Grass Man going north and he must 've told the scouts something about the caravan being ambushed .
tr	O	As the camp came into view Scott looked at the garbage drums and he smiled .
tr	I	I was swamped with other projects but it had been ready all day .
tr	I	Everything will be okay in the morning and hopefully we 'll both get some sleep .
tr	O	It was their nature , and tonight was all about the nature of things .
tr	I	This meeting will lead to the next , and stop it now .
tr	O	I could think of a thousand answers but they were all short-circuited .
tr	O	Late afternoon approached Sam pulled in the anchor and we started on our way back to the ship .
tr	O	They only spoke Stellar to me at first , and I only spoke English to them .
tr	O	Then a curtain moved in the window , and he felt rather than saw someone looking out at him .
tr	I	I know Alice is worried , and Angela Weber is expecting me .
tr	I	The eagle heading up to their room and Sighs Kol using his magic to lift his two friends .
tr	I	I can 't give you directions to it , and before you ask , I 'll tell you that they 're held sacred .
tr	I	He 's gone , but I turn to look at Silas , to ask him where we are .
tr	O	Leopold took the lantern from Klaus , and the man bowed his head .
tr	I	It felt wrong , but it felt good .
tr	I	He twitched at sudden sounds , and Rex 's hands still trembled .
tr	I	I awoke to find a whole new horror and I ripped at it until I was finally brought back to the surface .
tr	I	A wealth of heat followed the movement and his hands slid to my hips .
tr	O	The problem was becoming chronic , and he knew who to blame .
tr	I	I wasn 't so sure , but he seemed unperturbed , at least for now .
tr	O	He rolled his shoulders , but the tension remained .
tr	O	Stacy looked distractedly around the room , and Olivia could feel her desperation .
tr	O	He couldn 't save his wife , but he could damn well go after his daughter .
tr	I	His eyes searched the other man 's face and Bond 's voice was urgent .
tr	O	I didn 't want to stop kissing her , but I had to .
tr	I	I found that I couldn 't look away from them and there were little dimples just above each butt cheek .
tr	O	I leave my hand there and she relaxes into my touch .
tr	O	The young , gorgeous , talented actress who is next in his employ , and I can 't stand the thought of losing him to her .
tr	I	We took off shortly after that and the co-pilot shut the door behind me .
tr	O	To make you wet , and lather up the soap .
tr	I	The chair came crashing down - on the floor next to him , and he tripped over one of the fallen men , unable to dodge .
tr	O	There were some faint beeps inside , and Palomino swung the door open .
tr	O	Over the years , a number of the Stones changed hands frequently , but the Brotherhood never got possession of all sixteen Stones at one time .
tr	O	I drank one cup and you drank the rest .
tr	I	Neither was it relenting , but he held firm , his grip not painful .
tr	O	One look at my face and Brandi sucks in a breath .
tr	O	Her shoulders stoop over and her gaze fleets to the doorway .
tr	O	Her hair was a mess and her voice wrought with anxiety .
tr	O	Jacy was going to respond , but the stillness was broken by the Hispanic maid , calling out to them from the back door .
tr	I	I knew it , and he was bluffing .
tr	O	I sighed , and my eyes watered , as they so often did when I thought of Bill - Weeping Willa , that was me .
tr	I	It opened , revealing the other boxes I 'd anticipated , and I held it in my fingers , twirling it slowly .
tr	O	By then he could take his wagon , and he arrived home in time for breakfast .
tr	O	He pushed the gateway door closed , and the light winked out as the gate powered down .
tr	I	I was worried of another thing but yes , I was not much worried about missing her .
tr	O	Jake shook his head , but at the same time , he pictured the stone dragon floating above the neighboring forest .
tr	O	Both felt they should consider the other completely nuts , but both acknowledging that their own ideas were just as unbalanced .
tr	I	When I looked again , it was gone , but I remember thinking it was one that landed .
tr	O	I made sure the helmet piece was on straight , and I smoothed the black cape .
tr	I	We never came back here , but she didn 't sell it .
tr	I	Rachel will be safe , but yeah , Abby 's employer will own me .
tr	I	She was pushing him against the wall , and Demetri 's hands were underneath her shirt .
tr	O	The youths were across the road but her side was empty .
tr	I	I am flying down the hill , and blinding sunlight greets me .
tr	I	My mind was reeling and I had only seconds .
tr	I	He was watching the water now , but I spared a glance for him .
tr	O	I struggled up , and only then did I see the huge gash in her thigh .
tr	I	She was scared about meeting them -- especially in such strange circumstances ; and she felt a little apprehensive as the Ashleigh family would be descending .
tr	O	Rob had text me twice that week , and I decided to be honest with him .
tr	O	The monster that Liam had been battling scurried back to its feet , but it did not jump back into the fray .
tr	O	You go about lecturing on the subject before audiences amounting to a few dozen and they forget your name the day after .
tr	O	She was caught and he moved close .
tr	O	As I was righted the upset feeling passed and I breathed out a quick sigh of relief .
tr	I	There is much I can do if it is needed , and you will know that in time .
tr	I	I stare at clouds as they skate across the blue sky as we slowly walk forward and my eyes open .
tr	O	The eyelids made a wall , too , but he dared not sleep .
tr	I	It hurt , but I started to scowl .
tr	I	You 're dead and you kill Nicolette .
tr	O	She called to him with her mind , but the coldness prickling her skin was different .
tr	I	I was for her and there was no doubt about it she was for me .
tr	I	She was already starving , and she was getting cold .
tr	O	My arm is healing , but dread is filling me .
tr	I	It hurt to shake and chills racked my body .
tr	O	She wrapped her legs around him and he walked her towards the counter .
tr	I	It was better than the other options but he didn 't really like the taste .
tr	O	The men were Infinity Vampires , and Amy was very uncomfortable indeed .
tr	O	I didn 't know what to do about all this , but I didn 't feel like smoothing the tension between us .
tr	I	Every breath made them swallow bitter water , and the rain streamed down their faces until they were walking blind .
tr	I	Then he 'll probably curse you with something fairly nasty as uber beings are wont to do , but you can refuse of course .
tr	I	To my surprise , he turned down a dark alley , but I expected us to trundle along the street .
tr	I	Everybody stiffened , reaching for their weapons and the door to the guardhouse opened .
tr	I	It reared its ugly head in front of the whole team and there was another problem that I hadn 't foreseen .
tr	I	I glanced over at Callum to see if he was okay , and my feet pounded the dirt .
tr	I	She blinked until her eyes adjusted and the bright glare of the crystal chandelier hit her hard .
tr	O	I 'll just tell them they have to , but it 's you I 'm concerned about .
tr	I	He pointed toward the bow , and Jack 's head whipped around .
tr	O	He shoved to the hilt , and they cried out in unison .
tr	I	I involuntarily squeezed my thighs together with anticipation , and my stomach quivered with nervous excitement .
tr	I	Again it flashed in the dark by itself , and he took out his sword again .
tr	O	By the time we made it back to my split-level home in Westlake Hills night had fallen and it had grown cold out .
tr	I	I say it now and I said it then .
tr	I	I didn 't get the chance , but I started to ask Finn another question .
tr	O	I 'm familiar with the routine by now and nothing she says is going to change the outcome of the situation .
tr	O	Kat asked with feigned disinterest , but failing to hide her fascination .
tr	I	I doubt I ever will , and I 've never seen snow .
tr	I	She was responding to my femininity , and I had her attention .
tr	I	Abby followed , and he took a step forward .
tr	I	She knew he was trying his best to be gentle but he grasped her by the arms , the pressure painful .
tr	I	He caught her scent on the still , cool air and she moved even closer .
tr	I	She chewed frantically , bits falling out of her open mouth and I shoved it past Ever 's teeth .
tr	I	Her heart wrenched in her chest , and he smiled at her .
tr	O	It had never been alive , and it was far from the form of a man .
tr	I	The move had been good for the children , and the house had been built specifically for his family .
tr	O	Our plates were cleared , and then , to my horror , the children returned .
tr	I	I 'm just really nosy , but most people are kind enough to say I have a very curious streak .
tr	O	Wanting to say yes was wrong on so many levels , but the tiny word danced on the tip of her tongue .
tr	O	I don 't close my eyes , and neither does she .
tr	I	There was a sheer drop of seven stories to the parking lot below , but the window was open .
tr	I	I realize how nervous she is , and she traces her fingers up my chest , her fingers shaking .
tr	O	I told him smiling , but he was serious .
tr	I	It feels heavier than usual , unstable , and I slide one foot forward .
tr	I	He sighed and she saw his eyes move to Callum 's back before they came again to her .
tr	O	She was going to die this very moment , and now he would suffer for eternity .
tr	I	Somehow , one thing was extra clear , but she had no idea what this was about .
tr	I	He seemed to be pondering something , and his jaw was set .
tr	O	She held a file folder in her hand , but before opening it , she looked at me with her head cocked .
tr	I	You 're going to fry , and you killed her , Ian .
tr	O	Longbow had also remained behind , but he didn 't say why .
tr	O	It was such agony , kneeling there at her feet , knowing that she was lying beneath the ground - but it was not her .
tr	O	I called , but he was already swallowed up by the crowd .
tr	I	It seemed oblivious to his voice , but he shouted at it to stop .
tr	O	She opened it slowly and I saw both of her parents on the couch watching TV .
tr	O	Scarlett asked defensively , but Cassie sensed a tinge of hope in her voice .
tr	O	On arrival his bags awaited him and a bellman quickly loaded into the trunk .
tr	O	A shuddered sob racked my chest and I felt tear drops join the rain as I knelt in that clearing , soaked to the bone .
tr	O	I 've failed a lot of tests in my life , but this is the one I know I can kill .
tr	O	She still wore Regan 's face , but it had a sickly green hue .
tr	O	He 's waiting for me to discard , but I also know he wants to hear my version of the story .
tr	I	Lily stood up , out of reach , but Margaret reached out for Lily 's hand .
tr	O	When they saw me , they broke into grins , but when they saw Prentice they quickly stiffened up with a quick , formal salute .
tr	I	I had no idea of the celebrating that would occur once we arrived , and Belen folded all of us to Adam 's ancestral home .
tr	I	This wasn 't her family 's cottage , but she should have been used to that from her own family 's cottage .
tr	I	It fell out of my mind and once again I jotted this down .
tr	I	They weren 't actually wearing much of it but THEY WERE DEFINITELY making use of their clothing .
tr	O	They thought they knew everything about me and I had spun their world upside down .
tr	O	The sun had since set , and twilight was solidly upon them .
tr	I	All she got was an answering machine , but Arden had tried calling the number in Hollywood that Sheriff Ashton had provided her .
tr	I	She had to too and her Pa grew up .
tr	I	His body shook with the powerful emotion , and Darcy 's heart was crying out in agony .
tr	O	His voice sank to a whisper and he shuddered .
tr	O	It might not be easy , but at least it 's not going to be a full year this time .
tr	I	We don 't require it , but we could use your assistance .
tr	I	I didn 't flinch , but my elbow rammed the terrifying Kait 's rock-hard abdomen .
tr	I	She could picture it peering up at her , deciding , and the bear investigated her little camp , stopping several times .
tr	O	He can be polite when it doesn 't inconvenience him too much , but we 've seriously irritated him .
tr	I	No sound came out but he opened his mouth .
tr	O	Sophie has a calm , soothing effect on everyone and Jack soon found himself spilling out everything to her .
tr	O	Claire said I did , but it didn 't matter .
tr	O	He tried to use his thighs to grip the saddle to keep himself steady , but it wasn 't working .
tr	O	All the color had leached from her face and she was holding herself at an odd angle .
tr	O	He didn 't bother to deny it , but it didn 't stop him , either .
tr	O	My eyes widen , and I grab his hand .
tr	I	She wasn 't at all sure what to expect when she arrived and it had been a full eight weeks since she 'd been to the village .
tr	O	Cain lifted his sword for another countless attack , but by the time his swing landed , the targets in front of him were gone .
tr	I	Afterward they 'd all gone to a movie and he 'd dropped by the bookstore on Saturday .
tr	I	I really will rape you , or put on a good act up here .
tr	O	She beamed over at him and I suddenly felt a little left out .
tr	I	It didn 't seem to faze him , but the Captain 's gun was knocked away .
tr	I	To come alone was unusual for him , but she had kind of bought into the idea of him coming .
tr	I	A mouth in the side of the island seemed to open up for them , and the yacht made a turn around a group of jagged rocks .
tr	I	I 'd come home again ... And the things I could see .
tr	I	She covered his hand , and he patted her shoulder .
tr	I	I wondered if she 'd forgotten something and Alanna blurred into the kitchen .
tr	O	His shoulders were so wide , and the shirt damp from his hair .
tr	I	Perhaps it was like walking into one , or it was like stepping off a spaceship .
tr	O	Ryland was concerned for him , that much was obvious , and Sam couldn 't blame him .
tr	O	He played tennis , of course , but that was usually in the evenings .
tr	I	It wasn 't what I expected , but it 's not like I had been in too many college boys ' apartments before .
tr	O	I felt again the real pain of having a body , and that alone was its own kind of pleasure .
tr	I	Kenny fought mentally against accepting his dark , lonely end , and by now the gravity of the situation had sunk in .
tr	O	In the morning , she had felt as if some riot was going to happen , but it was all fine now .
tr	I	The universe had an ocean of lessons to teach her about grief , but the old Jax thought she knew pain .
tr	O	He 's turning all of his charm on me this morning and it 's hard enough to resist at the best of times .
tr	I	I saw him once from a distance , but she didn 't tell me his name .
tr	O	He 's lost and he knows that .
tr	I	When things did not turn out as planned , they lost al capacity for refinement in the resulting chaos , but vampires liked to manipulate things .
tr	O	His nostrils then flared , and he snatched his hat off his head with agitation .
tr	I	Ragnar gave a small nod of his head , and she glanced back at the Horde dragons watching them .
tr	I	They sat together in silence and he didn 't say anything .
tr	I	The crisp autumn air felt like a cool balm on her skin , and the music wasn 't nearly as loud .
tr	I	He didn 't give her a chance to protest , but Lara was certain he was too big to accommodate .
tr	O	If you 're interested , just email me and I 'll expound .
tr	O	Your brother drowned in that river and it devastated us .
tr	O	Mimi would have been thrown forward , but there was literally nowhere to go .
tr	I	I 'm hoping you can help with that , and I want to be part of your lives .
tr	O	My father-in-law 's face was ashen and he stared back at me blankly .
tr	I	They must have thought that I was pretty bad and I guess the kids had been talking .
tr	I	It would be ready for them , but it would be dark by the time they reached the house .
tr	O	The feel of her desire alone was almost enough to send him over the edge , but he held back .
tr	O	Last night she 'd told him she wanted to go , do this thing so it could be over , and I can come back .
tr	O	Albeit a little surprised , Kiran reciprocated my passion with his own and soon our magic was mingling together in a swirl of frenetic energy .
tr	I	Then it became more defined , but it started as a slight rattling of the leaves .
tr	O	It puzzled Dylan , but he 'd been too grateful for the reprieve from his father 's abusive tongue to question it .
tr	I	Toby feared what he 'd done to his knee , and Frank wasn 't getting himself very far up off the ground anymore .
tr	O	I opened the door and he stepped outside .
tr	O	She didn 't care about wizards , but she thought Alan Rickman was dreamy .
tr	O	I want more and you 're never goin ' to give it to me .
tr	I	This was something he would not waver on , despite his attraction toward her and he took his faith very serious .
tr	O	It was too dark to see but it gave her something to focus on .
tr	O	I could barely make out the words , but I could hear the progression of chords .
tr	O	I blasted the creature and he turned to dust before my eyes , leaving the man in shock .
tr	O	I tried the codes you gave me for the front door but none of them worked .
tr	O	I asked first , but to show my generosity , I 'll answer all you questions at the same time .
tr	I	I deal now , and I just deal .
tr	O	We get halfway up the stairs and I realize Maggie 's not with us .
tr	I	A Bug with yellow stripes on his carapace steps forward , but I don 't know what they 're saying .
tr	O	An ache springs up in my throat , but I push it back .
tr	O	Light trembled behind Karou 's eyelids and she gasped .
tr	O	Evan flipped on the light , and I slid onto the bed .
tr	O	You got some quiet little beauty spot miles from anywhere , and there was always some graffiti artist ready to spoil it .
tr	O	I look at her , and her eyes are narrowed .
tr	I	He slowly lowered his arms and he must have noticed my reaction because his eyes darkened .
tr	O	I don 't feel hungry but I want more bread .
tr	O	There was no use living in the past , and it would never go away .
tr	O	I tried calling him back but it went straight to voicemail .
tr	O	Georgie started to say good-bye , but Alice had already hung up .
tr	I	Cole found himself being more vocal than usual , and her groans grew louder , less contained .
tr	I	She was no fool but his smile was deceptive .
tr	I	She threw it over the fence and Gunther nodded .
tr	I	I nodded , and said James .
tr	O	What little nerve he had once had was gone , and he was now a stuttering moron in the face of diversity .
tr	I	He was on me ... and I opened my mouth .
tr	I	Even when she was home during the summer , she never paid much attention to me , but Rachel was already in school .
tr	O	All the fight dribbled out of her , and she felt her shoulders slump .
tr	O	He watches my fingers trailing a path down his forearm , and he suddenly grabs my hand with a lightning quick movement .
tr	I	Hemp is in and for sure the cactus is out .
tr	I	Elijah gestures him to be quiet , but Danny is about to say something .
tr	O	Never wanted to drown , to die , to live , to fly all at the same time - but she did now .
tr	I	It didn 't take long , but I thought for a moment .
tr	O	As I approached the counter , I saw a jar that the owner had set out to collect money for Tim , and I stared at it .
tr	I	It shot us out from it at a lightning speed , but it didn 't burst .
tr	O	Julian raised his hand as if he were holding a gun , and Kelly did the same , firing an imaginary bullet at him .
tr	I	The paint dribbled from the bent container and Frank watched as the roll turned forward .
tr	O	I try to shift the other way , but that only presses me tighter against Ethan .
tr	I	The ceilings were solid concrete , and there was one main staircase going down , with others branching off into the base .
tr	I	I can 't read anyone , and it 's the very opposite of everything I 'm used to .
tr	I	She wondered if she might need her old inhaler again and her heart hammered against her ribs .
tr	I	Slowly , regretfully I release her and her hands rest on my chest .
tr	O	She had the same feeling of teetering on the brink , wanting to jump but afraid of falling .
tr	I	His brother would punish him with the full force of the law , and it was illegal .
tr	O	I love her and you know it .
tr	O	Grace turned away , expecting her to walk off , but Allie stood where she was .
tr	O	I 'd known I was crossing a line , acting completely out of character , but William made me forget who I was .
tr	O	Cash asks and I laugh .
tr	I	He finished the whole cup in one go and Pearl leaned over with the water glass .
tr	O	His body was covered in sweat and he began to convulse .
tr	O	His stomach roiled and he briefly felt lightheaded .
tr	I	His hair was hidden in a ridiculous looking feathered hat and he was painfully thin .
tr	O	She didn 't mean to shout , but that 's how it came out .
tr	O	You were struggling to tell me something , and I leaned closer to hear you .
tr	I	The fact that she wasn 't in the computer didn 't , but that the car hadn 't raised a red flag surprised her .
tr	O	My gaze slid to her , but then Apollo stepped forward , breaking ranks .
tr	I	The long walk had felt good and the cold air had revived him .
tr	I	He 's just choosing to ignore my brother or Piers points at Rian although Rian seems to have his mind wandering elsewhere .
tr	I	Jake settled on telling one last story that half the group hadn 't heard , and the night was getting to be late .
tr	I	She looked tired , and she was hungry .
tr	O	The kiss stopped abruptly , and Jake laughed as well .
tr	O	My lungs are begging me for air , but I somehow find a way to reply .
tr	I	She hadn 't finished her one glass of wine and it hadn 't been touched .
tr	I	She honestly didn 't know why she 'd searched him out and Alana hadn 't really remembered the drive to Chandler 's house .
tr	I	We were pushed into a car parked on the side of the road and I felt a huge crunch as the kidnapper 's car swerved into us .
tr	O	The horse had a heart of gold , and now he was heading down a frightening path to annihilation .
tr	I	He cautiously nodded his head and Tom 's jaw went slack .
tr	O	My dance partner headed for the bar and as I passed by his buddies they motioned to me .
tr	I	All the blood suddenly rushed to her cheeks , and were the words that spilled from her lips .
tr	I	It wasn 't Declan 's and this wasn 't her apartment .
tr	I	It may have been static or she may have laughed .
tr	O	I guess slipping my hand through was one thing , but getting my body into the house was another .
tr	I	There was a faint scar parting his hair just above his left temple , but she hadn 't noticed before .
tr	O	On the outside she appeared calm , but she was sick , fighting back the nausea gripping her .
tr	O	We must keep our link to Gary or we 'll be vulnerable .
tr	I	I lean into the turn , zipping past the last monorail station and the highway curves around the lake .
tr	I	I didn 't see Vlad 's face through the flames , but he 'd been burned to death , which I expected .
tr	O	She knew she should have resisted , but somehow she 'd found herself unable .
tr	I	I turned back to Beth 's car , and a flash of movement caught my eye .
tr	I	Your mind was sound , but your body was dead .
tr	I	He knew I did and while Nina might not remember anything of the recent past , he did .
tr	O	It indeed broke the stones like it was nothing more than sand , but it did not reach him .
tr	O	This woman might be Luke 's sister , but she was still a stranger to Clary .
tr	I	An agonized breath escaped him , and his hands clenched into fists .
tr	O	She stumbled going up the steps and Cormac caught her elbow to steady her .
tr	O	I 'm a slow learner , but it 's finally sunk in .
tr	O	I try to retract my hand , but Realm grabs it .
tr	I	She watched as they brought their heads to the invisible floor , and they lowered to the ground in a single formation .
tr	O	Blood equals power , and I 'm not afraid to spill blood to gain power .
tr	I	She had a tendency to be just a bit erratic , but we all loved her , of course .
tr	O	The wal s were closing in , and I didn 't even understand why .
tr	I	I had to hold back a laugh and he looked at her with a sudden adoration .
tr	I	I wanted to know what Victor would say , but I didn 't like Sanctuary either , even though my knowledge was only of a few areas .
tr	I	Heat emanates from every inch of his body , and he smells like smoke .
tr	I	It looked just like any other room , but I don 't know what I expected .
tr	O	She did take every opportunity to employ her intellect with Charlie and he 'd finally had enough one night .
tr	O	She should take a seat but she questioned her choice to be there .
tr	I	She had asked , but his heart ached .
tr	O	There was an enormous roar of sound , and Walker 's foot slammed another of the taken holders to the cave floor .
tr	O	Life had taken on a surreal feeling and I 'd gone numb trying to cope .
tr	I	That didn 't stop him from wanting to impress her , but he knew she wasn 't interested in him .
tr	O	I reached out to touch him again , but my hand just slid through his shoulder .
tr	O	I knew the admissions office had opened their doors to more graduates , and I knew Sarah had applied .
tr	I	I am an odd and you are an even .
tr	O	I sat there with my eyes wide and my mouth open as I listened intently .
tr	O	Her back protested , and every muscle yearned for a hot bath .
tr	I	Now he was tugging at it with his gloved right hand , and he had a black silk cord tied around his left forearm .
tr	I	He didn 't elaborate , but I said , startled .
tr	I	Certainly not a female 's , and I didn 't see another print .
tr	O	She 'd been his woman and he wanted another chance with her .
tr	I	He had been using it instinctively for the past couple minutes and he had a predator 's talent for concealment when he chose to use it .
tr	I	She wrenched away , and panic infused her .
tr	O	Her heart went out to him , but she couldn 't let up now .
tr	O	That was the whole point of her adventure and she was inordinately pleased with her successful efforts .
tr	O	I got it cheap and now I know why .
tr	I	He quickly enveloped me in his strong arms , but I tried to turn away .
tr	I	She knew he was looking at Kellan , and his voice turned away from her then .
tr	O	Their crystalline frontal sections were in sync , and the bridges of the four ships quickly exchanged plans .
tr	I	Her fingers curled into his back and he pushed again .
tr	I	He was more than willing to pay for his groceries but he may have designs on the universe .
tr	O	He 's discovered so many stars , but he rarely takes credit publicly .
tr	I	She couldn 't bring herself to move , but it was making her head throb more .
tr	I	They couldn 't make it infect our clear cells , but they already had the base form of the virus .
tr	I	We die and we bleed .
tr	I	She was there before he arrived , and he called Paulette .
tr	I	He would act like one and in his mind he was a God .
tr	I	I couldn 't let fear rule me now , and although I regretted it even as I did it , this was still part of the plan .
tr	I	I just roll my eyes at him , but he waits for me to slump over .
tr	I	Soon enough they were both on their feet , and Casey took it .
tr	I	I had never said we were exclusive and this made me feel better because Nancy .
tr	I	I dared to let myself hope and a flicker lit inside of me .
tr	I	He understood that it wasn 't easy for me , and he knew what I had just done .
tr	I	I 've heard about his operations out on the Edge , but he may come at you .
tr	O	Whatever their intention Shay was in danger , and that was all that mattered .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure if I did , but I hurt myself to hide it from him .
tr	I	I took it bravely , but it hurt a lot .
tr	O	I had never lived in a fairy tale , and there was no sense in starting to now .
tr	O	She answered him aloud but she knew he could hear her in her mind .
tr	I	They had to pull him away so they could work on her , and he performed CPR until the medics arrived .
tr	O	Tears filled Selena 's eyes and she swiped at them with the back of her hand .
tr	O	She was sitting on the bench that overlooked the river , but what stopped him from moving forward was the fact that she wasn 't alone .
tr	O	I can see the path now , and the road is not too long .
tr	I	He was a different kind of man , but Danny was starting to cry , for such a big man as Danny it was a rarity .
tr	I	I thought I knew where they were and I was sure that he had two cameras in the room .
tr	I	She had no appetite , but Michelle tried to eat .
tr	O	We entered another chamber , but this one was different .
tr	O	It seemed highly probably , but how was it made ?
tr	I	She didn 't see anyone who remotely resembled Cole , but reluctantly , Robin continued to scan the diners .
tr	O	He smiled and there was a clear challenge in his smile .
tr	I	Then Axel gave a sharp nod , and there was a momentary pause .
tr	O	Willard pulls out and Orson collapses into the water .
tr	O	Cricket glances at me in shame , but I give him an encouraging smile .
tr	O	I don 't know why , but you do .
tr	I	At least he knew the old crew remained as afraid of fire as he was , but well , he hadn 't finished off the bastard .
tr	O	An interceptor is a serious prize , and we torched their waterfront as well .
tr	O	Her eyes were dry , but he had a strange feeling that she was near tears .
tr	O	Instinct took over and a sudden need to get out overpowered me .
tr	O	The office was small and it would have been cozy if he had been there under more pleasant circumstances .
tr	I	It was almost finished , but she knew she couldn 't do that yet , still had the departure of the more important guests to get through .
tr	O	Kylie took another step back , but the question slipped out before she could stop it .
tr	I	She felt uncomfortably warm , but her head was clearing .
tr	O	He lets out a low laugh and it sends a shiver through my body that coils into my stomach , bursting heat downward .
tr	I	She was studying instead of partying , and it was Friday night .
tr	O	Her stance was strong , but her eyes were worried .
tr	O	His eyes opened and the peace she thought she saw in his face when they were closed vanished .
tr	I	It was sparsely decorated , and it was huge , with walls of exposed red brick .
tr	I	It has always profoundly damaged some of them , but in other words , war changes every soldier .
tr	I	Lisbeth cautiously took a seat , and I gestured towards my bed .
tr	I	With a sudden rush of acceleration she was shooting up toward the iron stalactites , and she tilted the black tip all the way down .
tr	I	I scramble backward to get away from him , and I catch him in the face with an elbow of my own that forces him upward .
tr	O	All his teammates wanted was to see a kiss , but Ryan couldn 't resist brushing the pad of his thumb over her full lower lip first .
tr	O	As soon as I heard the colliding bodies the weight lifted off me and the choking fingers untangled from around my throat .
tr	I	That was how we both wanted it , and this was about sex , not love .
tr	O	His superiors might have lauded his integrity but his peers in the bureau just plain couldn 't stand any man who 'd turn his whole family in .
tr	I	He had reluctantly gone recruiting back East and he had been under pressure by his Board of Directors to diversify his staff .
tr	O	SEAN I am holding Corr , but I am holding nothing .
tr	I	They tingled to life gradually and he moved them a bit .
tr	I	She did not move to wipe them away , and tears rolled down her face .
tr	O	The back of the cruiser sagged a little bit from the extra weight , but they managed to get everything packed .
tr	O	I 'd always thought of all the houses in Rosa as ugly crap piles , but they looked almost cute in the sunlight .
tr	I	She caught a glimpse of Drew slugging him in the arm and he walked over to the guys .
tr	O	This was my starting point , and I refused to waste another moment .
tr	I	All the oxygen sucked from the room , and her lips met his .
tr	O	Kevin glimpsed at the torches on the wall and he started lighting up .
tr	O	Zook immediately went back to her , but Eris turned away .
tr	I	She grabbed on to his shoulders and his tongue slid into her mouth .
tr	I	When full it went into the fire , and these they dropped into his collapsible cup .
tr	I	The Gunship took off , leaving us in solitude and once we were all safely on the ground , the cable raised .
tr	I	Most of all , it left her in peace , but it left her breathless with the shock of eroticism .
tr	O	Her head is cocked at an uncomfortable angle and a huge bruise is forming along her jaw .
tr	O	We 've not got the money to do anything expensive , but we booked a three day midweek break in Cornwall .
tr	O	The pallid complexion from on high showed no encouragement to those below , but there was an understanding between both parties that rain was a distinct possibility .
tr	I	Tavi whipped his eyes upward , and Fade shouted suddenly .
tr	I	You 'll be in real trouble and if you do I 'll tell Lucas .
tr	I	It was fast becoming impossible to separate the good guys from the bad , and Times were changing to be sure .
tr	O	She knew when it came to physical strength , she didn 't stand a chance against them , but she 'd go down fighting .
tr	O	There was no way she could fight them , but she wasn 't afraid .
tr	O	Maybe he was reckless , but he seemed to be very capable .
tr	I	He led her into his treatment room and Paco 's wife , Alba , took Kia off to play .
tr	I	It 's been running a competition and the company 's celebrating its anniversary .
tr	O	I felt her body relax and her breathing sink into sleep .
tr	I	I stood there in shock , and Sasha 's words turned a light on inside my head .
tr	O	Pushing her firmly back against the door and jerking at the opening of his jeans .
tr	O	I wait for him to laugh off the comment , but he doesn 't .
tr	O	He pulled me to him , my back against his chest , and he locked his arms on me .
tr	I	We both peered around for our next move , and the Alchemists hadn 't followed us out yet .
tr	O	The girl in the roadster that morning knew I was looking , but I got the feeling that she didn 't mind so much .
tr	I	She still packs power on those fists of hers , but Specter may not have the same power as me .
tr	O	I see lights and I 'm able to slot them together when they pulse .
tr	O	He loved her more than anything in his life , but inside he felt frozen .
tr	O	No other cars were around , and for that , she was relieved .
tr	I	Leather doesn 't last forever , but these took longer to burn .
tr	O	Already a fire had been made and tents were set on the dell behind .
tr	O	These clothes had become my fighting gear , and I wear them permanently .
tr	I	The other shook uncontrollably , and one of his hands held a gob of red , raw meat laced with Benadryl .
tr	O	She had nowhere else to be anyway , and it wouldn 't be the first time she stayed late .
tr	I	It 's not an insulted movement , but he stiffens at the challenge in my words , in my eyes .
tr	I	His jeans stretched taut over a nicely filled out backside , and he placed his beneath hers , tidying .
tr	O	He knew all that , and he did it anyway .
tr	O	She ran over and flung her arms around Dante 's neck .
tr	I	The Shades moved toward us , and she started to turn away .
tr	O	He had a small hole on his right temple , and a large exit wound at his head 's back .
tr	O	He didn 't even talk to me for about an hour , and then he said we were ' cool ' .
tr	O	They are human , but they are well loved .
tr	O	He may have separated me from Celeste so he could question us individually , but he had also thrown me in a cell right next to Nisha .
tr	I	She glanced at the screen , and Astrid 's cell phone rang .
tr	I	Her hands were linked tightly together , and her legs were curled beneath her .
tr	I	She refused to take it , but he reached out his hand .
tr	I	Jenny put one of her hands on my shoulder and I stepped towards him .
tr	I	That day he introduced us as her mother carried her in her arms and Danica is younger .
tr	O	The door to the walk-in closet was open and her eyebrows rose as she peeked into it .
tr	O	I was always a bit of an outsider here in the airport , but now my mystique has thickened like port wine .
tr	O	Chapter Seventeen He 'd agreed to go with Fin , but the look Myra sent him at the dinner table paralyzed him with guilt .
tr	I	His erection soften just a bit , and the look on her face as she read the screen made Dylan 's stomach fall .
tr	I	It 's hard to suppress it and I have too much .
tr	I	It felt like the middle of the night to Anne Marie but the f light from Paris had landed them back in Seattle midafternoon .
tr	O	I 'm not sure if I 'm losing it , but I still try to stay put like he said .
tr	O	He was aroused and I moaned into his mouth , the sound barely registering in my lust fueled haze .
tr	O	He could have given her that much , at least , and thinking back , he knew it would have been possible .
tr	I	The room erupted in noise , and now he let them speak .
tr	O	Pain shot up into her back and her leg felt paralyzed .
tr	O	She should have told him to stop , but it felt like heaven .
tr	I	Right now I couldn 't have squeezed a drop from it , but back on the Surface , it would take twenty minutes to dry my hair .
tr	O	Susie still looks sincere , but she is wielding that sledgehammer with a lot of enthusiasm .
tr	O	Pain shuddered through me and I curled over myself .
tr	O	The figures in the bed sat up , shrieking , and as they did , I saw the light fall on a familiar pink stripe .
tr	I	I relaxed and it was a long one .
tr	O	Irene had allowed me to leave all my things in an abandoned storeroom in the farm house and she 'd even given me a lock .
tr	I	I smile back and he nods at me .
tr	O	She 'd never had any kind of loving relationship except with her mother and she didn 't really want to fall into a loveless marriage .
tr	I	His eyes were beginning to take on a sunken look , and his skin was wrinkling slightly , especially around the lips .
tr	I	I don 't , but I wish I knew how to tap into my creative source whenever I wanted .
tr	I	The Daemon appeared to swell , and as it sunk in , the white metal seemed to pulse .
tr	I	Frustration boiled inside me , threatening to burst the last ounce of self-control I had left , and my face grew hot .
tr	I	He relaxed his own grip just enough that she could breathe , and she locked both hands around his wrist to support her weight .
tr	O	I giggled and others followed .
tr	I	We 'll never see the light of day again , and she 'll just call us enemies of the state .
tr	O	He looked at me and his eyes grew softer .
tr	I	I nod my head and I look over to Hunter who 's watching me .
tr	I	I knew the Death Walker was coming after us , and a cold breeze rushed up against the back of my legs .
tr	I	Yet they stare at me like I 'm their last hope for survival , and my parents ' expressions are so worn .
tr	I	That didn 't matter since all the unicorns called him ' Stumpy ' , but his name was William .
tr	O	Bec finally smiled and Jax relaxed slightly .
tr	O	Their waiter chose that moment to bring their salads and she waited for him to leave before she answered .
tr	O	I know that , and it is true forever .
tr	I	Free rent was certainly nothing to be scoffed at , but I didn 't want to live down there .
tr	I	I needed something , but I knew it was a stupid way to cope with my despair .
tr	O	The lookout did his best but the sun angle was poor .
tr	I	He didn 't , but she waited for him to continue .
tr	O	I knew what I had to do , and I knew where I had to go .
tr	I	You 'll be fine and Just don 't be a moron .
tr	O	He glanced over at her and she instantly saw the salacious thought racing through his mind .
tr	O	The pulsing within the sould got stronger , and a sense of power caressed the air .
tr	O	Something about this wasn 't right , but he couldn 't quite place it .
tr	I	Perhaps there was some secret in its original pages that would help me find her , and the story was somehow connected to my muse .
tr	I	She wasn 't certain Nicolae ever would , but she had accepted it as a fact .
tr	O	Her eyes widened , and her hands whitened around her bag .
tr	I	I grinned at him and he took the cup away .
tr	I	She woke up with a gasp , her body bathed in cold sweat , and Aunt Norah 's voice eventually reached Mairi through her nightmares .
tr	O	She turned her face against his shoulder , and Jane tried to figure out how she was going to survive with the werewolf .
tr	I	It sprays in an arc and I kick at the water .
tr	O	They saw what happened to Tilden , and they worry they might be next .
tr	I	Colin damned well wanted to know what it was and she 'd shared something with Royce in her chalet .
tr	O	He 'd said his office was in Oakland , but he had a meeting in San Fran today .
tr	O	They had been going steadily northwards since leaving the valley , and the mountains had given way to hills covered with heather .
tr	O	Hadley had lived with her for two-and-a-half years , and Hadley knew her like no one else .
tr	O	It 's not without effort and I can see his face is a bit pale .
tr	I	They 'd been working outside with each other for hours , and he couldn 't have said even a hundred words to her today .
tr	O	She sat up straighter and taking a deep breath asked the waiter .
tr	I	It must have been more than a minute , but Emma didn 't know how long she stood in the doorway , still holding the remote .
tr	I	He was determined to make this the most incredible experience possible , and he knew that this was her first time with a man .
tr	O	You can only be beaten , and you 're too proud ever to lose .
tr	O	She knew what had gotten into her and it had nothing whatsoever to do with friends from a faraway galaxy .
tr	O	I shall be thy hostage , but thou art also surely mine .
tr	O	She says and I grin .
tr	O	Tick had the horrible feeling he already knew the answer , but he asked anyway .
tr	O	His erection instantly grew another couple of inches , and his heart rate sped up beneath her .
tr	I	She was very enthusiastic when they were happy and she was almost bleeding like the main characters .
tr	I	I doubt the guy will try anything again tonight and there 's only a few hours till daylight .
tr	I	We had better luck with the soldiers , but we had lost a good many slaves .
tr	I	It would die of shock , but its wounds were not deep .
tr	O	I might be making a huge mistake , but I still think he 's too valuable to kill .
tr	O	The gate slammed shut and there was a clank as though a bolt had been thrown by unseen hands .
tr	I	I just can 't go back , not yet , but I know they 're probably burning the house down even as we speak .
tr	O	The sky had been gray for two days , but now huge snowflakes were falling .
tr	O	He stumbled through his presentation with even less tact than usual , yet the applause seemed far too gracious .
tr	I	Then he raised his head so that his face was very close to mine , and I felt a reluctant smile touch his mouth then .
tr	I	He was a good Dom , and the guy was called Gabe .
tr	O	In this massive room , known as the Great Hall , were some sixty vampires , and they watched the group now entering .
tr	O	There was muffled conversation for a moment , and then Alisha 's voice came again .
tr	I	Smear samples were taken and Drug detector dogs walked their noses over them .
tr	O	It wasn 't for Anne Marie , but she couldn 't tell Ellen that .
tr	O	I didn 't tell you , and they respect me too much to talk about it .
tr	I	When she did it was only about when they were kids , and Emily hardly ever talked about him .
tr	O	Travis is fifteen , but he 's a good kid .
tr	I	That was what the story called for , but Forest was an alien concept to Astrid .
tr	O	His stroke was aimed at Arin 's neck , but the young man moved like a snake .
tr	O	She didn 't gag easily , but he was pushing her limits .
tr	I	The droplet disappear and as the boy was getting ready to suck the bead , he received a blow on his back , making him fall .
tr	I	I guess I should say sorry , and he 's glancing at me as we pull away smoothly into the traffic .
tr	I	She didn 't ask but I could tell Brielle was wondering why I didn 't have homework .
tr	O	I had forgotten that she had only been in my bedroom once , and that was when she brought my drunken ass home from the club .
tr	O	He climbed up onto the statue , and we managed to squeeze in behind the tree .
tr	I	Being a Warden , he was a lot more mature than most human guys his age , but Zayne was only four years older than me .
tr	O	I like to try to get him to walk with me but Momma says it 's a long ways out to the car with those little legs .
tr	I	Rachel started the autopsy of the enemy soldiers and Jeffery also decided to leave the medical bay .
tr	I	She sat in one of the old swings , almost wishing she could be a little girl again , and Memories of her childhood crowded her mind .
tr	I	He said ' we 'd discuss it later ' , and I thought he was going to blow a fuse .
tr	O	His tone was emphatic , but the volume was weaker than Gwen liked .
tr	I	Michael is two and Katie is four .
tr	O	He felt the most foreign stinging sensation behind his eyes and he finally knew what the desire to cry felt like .
tr	O	The men would talk , ask for something in return for crossing , and the family would make it through unscathed .
tr	O	Frances was standing too far back to hear their exchange , but she noticed that Agnes was hanging on his every word .
tr	I	I don 't think you understand yet that you 're holding all the damn cards , sweet girl , but you 're worried about getting hurt .
tr	I	A peculiar weight prevented him , but he tried to lift his head .
tr	I	She took a quick sip and he handed her the cup .
tr	I	I knew I was going to be sick , and my stomach heaved .
tr	O	Kim started to speak , but Jake waved her off .
tr	O	It remained pitch black and Samara continued to fight the impulse to panic .
tr	I	That 's why Maureen stops talking and they must have heard the noise .
tr	O	The revelations were too sudden and it was all about him .
tr	O	He had no idea of her intention , but he would see how it played out .
tr	O	He grinned over at me , and I wondered if I was in that picture with him .
tr	I	She glanced down and she frowned ... until her toes brushed something soft .
tr	I	It was not my desire to do so , but it was in my power .
tr	O	He was smoothing his hands along the woman 's bare arms , and she was smiling up at him , curving toward his body .
tr	I	Her eyes widened and her mouth fell open .
tr	I	We continued along the porch as she introduced the rest of her guests , and Dara handed me a glass of lemonade .
tr	O	He held out his hand and she gave him the keys .
tr	O	It wasn 't long before her little stomach could not endure anymore victuals , and it rejected the amount already consumed .
tr	O	I looked out the window , and the snow was lightly falling .
tr	I	It was still too hot to sleep , but the night brought a light breeze from the Gulf to cool her heated skin .
tr	I	The inhabitants described as a motley crew gathered from all corners of the universe and the world was very militaristic .
tr	O	We would go through the whole thing again , both of us , and I didn 't know if we were strong enough to withstand it .
tr	O	I was tied to a gurney and they were wheeling me toward the room with the big scanner .
tr	I	The little boy was pressed tightly against the wall and he looked back at Zeus .
tr	O	Lea slid to the side , but Payton didn 't allow it .
tr	O	It warmed her face and she woke , her eyes watching him .
tr	O	The spear cut through the thick , dead silence , and Thor could feel the hundreds of eyes on it .
tr	I	The Queen was called to his side , and one day , during the Final Battle , the King was struck by an arrow .
tr	O	This experiment was obviously a failure , and people had died as a result .
tr	O	As much as she wanted to believe her hopes , something told her she was wrong , that Desmond was right , and everything had indeed changed .
tr	I	He handed it over and her fingers beckoned for the paper .
tr	I	The way his eyes kept a hooded stare on her made her heart leap , but none of what Philip was saying sparked any alarms .
tr	I	Dax hands it back to me , and the transfer happens almost instantly .
tr	O	It had been twenty minutes and they were still getting nowhere .
tr	I	She continued to shake it off , but it was one of those low-frequency feelings that begs investigation .
tr	I	He didn 't dare turn around , and he couldn 't unlock the door without turning around .
tr	O	That was a low blow , but I shrugged off the guilt .
tr	I	The eyes were still wild in almost uncontrolled fury but the barrel of the weapon lowered slightly .
tr	O	The clock ticked down and no substitute was forthcoming .
tr	O	He pulled me closer to him and I sighed , settling into the warmth of his body instantly .
tr	O	It sounded like she must have known Jack for a while , but I didn 't feel comfortable asking .
tr	O	I heard about the fans that bothered Dan up on the terrace at the hospital , but I never actually saw any around him .
tr	O	The police sirens were closer now , and a crowd was starting to gather .
tr	I	We cuddled on the couch to watch TV and after Denny left , Kellan grabbed my hand .
tr	O	Some of the best memories of my life were made here and I somehow wanted to make you a part of it .
tr	I	There are a couple of armchairs facing a TV and a quilt is draped over the back of a couch .
tr	I	His gestures were quite tempting , and it had been so long since I had had the pleasures of a man .
tr	I	He was not better than me either but I had so much to improve .
tr	O	He 'd been walking home from his last day of school and a bunch of football players had drove up in a truck .
tr	O	I hooked my arm through Zeke 's , and we whisked back through Jasper 's basement .
tr	O	The difference was miniscule but it bloody well existed .
tr	O	He vowed he could read the truth in people 's eyes , but he 'd sure missed the boat on that one with her .
tr	O	I see the way you look at me - and you don 't look at her that way .
tr	O	The rabbit does not move , and it is no longer growling .
tr	I	They resided in Romania , and they were almost 2000 years old .
tr	I	She did not care , but he was not happy .
tr	O	Unfortunately Adriana kept looking at the picture and there followed another long drawn out silence .
tr	I	Still it seemed to define him and he 'd worked hard to make up for that one little deficiency .
tr	I	They seem to be able to cope , and lots of people have lived through all sorts of horrible experiences .
tr	I	To his credit , Chris did not back down , but Devon glared fiercely at him .
tr	O	I stuck out my hand for a handshake but he instead pulled me into a bear hug .
tr	I	I can 't go because I have no limbs but we 're supposed to have a date .
tr	O	The mission was essentially at the end and I felt like a fifth wheel .
tr	I	She couldn 't stop any of them , but one dumb question after another kept falling from her lips .
tr	O	Aisling picked me up first and we then picked Sarah up .
tr	I	The idea of Gina blaming him for something was infuriating , but he tried to remain silent .
tr	O	Maybe he 'll take Connor with him out of some misguided protective instinct , but I don 't expect him to sleep over .
tr	I	I skip after him , excited , and I have a present for you .
tr	I	Her eyes were on him and Dahlia 's head suddenly turned .
tr	O	Our conversation downshifts to basketball , and we start swapping big-game stories .
tr	I	I lost track of the ball and a pain in my side matched the pain in my arm .
tr	O	Cole turns and I follow him to the doors .
tr	I	I looked down and I felt a warm trickle of something on my chest .
tr	I	The bell ringed and once the seconds were out , the referee stepped in .
tr	I	They listened and they stopped .
tr	I	He saw the knowledge in her eyes , but Veronica looked at him , startled .
tr	I	Something smells delicious and the oven is on .
tr	I	If he didn 't get some relief soon he was going to combust and he 'd been fantasizing about Savannah for far too long .
tr	I	He groaned and she rubbed her thigh over his engorged manhood .
tr	I	I felt myself begin to shiver and we walked outside into the freezing air .
tr	O	He was real , and he was there .
tr	O	The power of suggestion is quite strong , and they wield it deftly .
tr	I	I added an addendum , but she opened her mouth .
tr	O	His eyes roamed my body again , and he frowned .
tr	I	It felt so real , but I knew it was just an envious fantasy that I 'd concocted in my head .
tr	O	His lip curved in a mean twist and he gave me a little salute as the phone rang for the third time .
tr	O	The outward image was of the stranger , but it was Maya underneath .
tr	O	I peel away the paper , and the familiar top of the bottle comes into view .
tr	I	You want to spend $ 350 per account and Options Mania , in their yearly report has a $ 300 acquisition cost per account ?
tr	O	Preston 's head hung down , and he stared at the floor .
tr	I	His eyes are wide , but his frown is still in place .
tr	O	He licked me , and I jerked involuntarily .
tr	I	I couldn 't fall for him , but I could have fun with Chase .
tr	I	Jules ' car wasn 't there and I went around back .
tr	O	The trio had only been subjected to half an hour of regulations but the cracks were more than showing .
tr	I	She 's too polite to say it , but Lily thinks so too .
tr	I	It takes a second to remember where I am and my eyes open .
tr	O	They rounded a hedge , and Celaena rolled her eyes when she saw what waited on the path ahead .
tr	I	She got up to turn on the overhead light and the evening was darkening .
tr	O	Her name had been Nichole , and she had been the love of Arden 's life .
tr	O	He shook his wrist , but the girl held on .
tr	O	In the floating distance , he could hear shouts , but Ty found that he couldn 't move .
tr	I	He let her go and Ethan screamed .
tr	O	I agreed and she giggled .
tr	I	Just call it intuition if you wish , but I have no real proof .
tr	O	I 'd gone a good distance when I realized Fade was behind me , but I didn 't stop to question him .
tr	I	The rest of that afternoon was spent admiring the passing countryside , and our train had left Rome without incident .
tr	I	She was feeling groggy , and her head was throbbing , again .
tr	O	Angela worked in the same department as Robin , and over the years they 'd become good friends .
tr	I	I didn 't understand much of what he did , but Cal 's work as a consultant allowed him to work from home .
tr	I	I had and he still didn 't understand the relationship Cage .
tr	O	She 'd been a good kid and he felt sorry she 'd died .
tr	O	We walked into the apartment urgently and our lips fell upon each other as soon as he closed the door .
tr	I	The large screen 's image vanished , and he then silently touched a few contacts on the keyboard to his right .
tr	O	I was actually pretty proud of myself , but I wasn 't about to give up all my secrets .
tr	I	His face set hard , and he stood up again .
tr	O	With a sodden ripping sound the shirt tore , and she was free to resume her wild plunge up the slope .
tr	I	The audience was listening intently and the scene was going well .
tr	I	She didn 't care , because it was true , and warm tears ran down her cheeks now .
tr	I	It was time to focus on his mission and he had reached the flats .
tr	I	Everyone says he looks more like a beach bum , but Jack is an ER doctor .
tr	O	It was strangely quiet and still , the dark river silently winding through the bright snowy landscape lit by the shimmer of the full moon .
tr	O	I slid onto a chair and they all looked at me .
tr	I	I wanted to be off or I wanted to be on .
tr	O	He told her again what she would do for Dave , but again she refused .
tr	O	He gestured to a wooden chest and she shot him a grateful look .
tr	I	Then anger boiled up inside , and I felt my cheeks blush .
tr	I	I froze and my jaw dropped open .
tr	O	Luckily Paul is not like that , and neither are his friends .
tr	O	He turned out the lights and I pulled the covers over our heads .
tr	I	I found one and I searched the ground for a small stone .
tr	I	I felt the usual pull of being teleported to a location and I saw her dip into a curtsey before things went hazy .
tr	I	Colton began to sweat , even with the frigid air surging past him and Heat radiated from his skin .
tr	I	She had the feeling that he already knew where he was going but she gave him directions .
tr	I	She looked up , startled to see me and I knocked on the inside of the wall .
tr	O	The sky was blue enamel above , and though the sun had just risen ahead of them , the air was already pleasantly warm .
tr	O	He 'd asked about Jane Scott 's condition , but his parents refused to tell him anything .
tr	I	She dropped the make-up brush she held and her hands started to shake .
tr	I	She lowered herself back to the floor and Paul placed his hand on her shoulder .
tr	I	I took it and an opportunity arose .
tr	O	The truck driver laid on the horn , and the massive vehicle roared away in outrage .
tr	I	Again I thought I heard birdsong , and the sound echoed across the lake .
tr	I	If you looked hard enough you could just make out Emma edging out of the left-hand side of the photo and there was a crowd of people .
tr	I	My body felt pricked by dozens of pins , but at least , he didn 't slow down .
tr	O	As she went on , her voice became stronger and he saw the crowd becoming captivated by her story .
tr	O	Her aura of serenity faltered , yet strength glowed in her eyes .
tr	I	I sat quietly as Seth ordered our wine and we took our seats across from each other .
tr	I	I realized she wasn 't much older than I was , and she blushed .
tr	O	The ancestors wanted Cassie , but if they couldn 't get her , they 'd just try for someone else .
tr	I	He makes my loneliness bearable , and he 's the closest thing I have to a friend .
tr	I	I clutch my sword , ready to act and the sound freezes the blood in my veins .
tr	O	It was teeming with people of all walks of life , and I managed to catch a cab to the Waldorf hotel .
tr	O	Sean had actually made a little joke , and Rue laughed .
tr	O	She might be arrogant enough to come , but she wasn 't stupid enough to do it without adding protections .
tr	O	That 's my bullshit rationalization and I 'm sticking with it .
tr	I	It was a tight , very nervous laugh , but Ben laughed .
tr	O	Whatever Bill said , Tammie had better do , or else she would have to answer to her .
tr	O	Tonight we were playing pool downtown , and I was ready to murder Killian .
tr	I	They worked endlessly , and they didn 't have enough to eat .
tr	O	Their lips touched and their mouths opened .
tr	O	Austin looked at the brightly lit shelves , and her eyes were immediately drawn to an icing covered dessert .
tr	O	Lucien felt it and in a nanosecond I was on my back with Lucien on top of me .
tr	I	They didn 't want to be childish , and because he thought their shows were childish .
tr	I	Neither did he , and I didn 't know anyone in this house .
tr	I	I coughed , and a cloud of dust rose up from the ground .
tr	O	The others must 've drove out of the city while Jeremy and I were out .
tr	O	I just want to give you an assistant , and I suggest you take my offer .
tr	O	Perhaps it was forbidden , but the security guards standing nearby didn 't seem to care what people did .
tr	I	He crouched down to wash a week 's worth of filth from him and it was waist deep .
tr	I	Then took my spot next to Becky , and I continued to wave , feeling awkward .
tr	O	If only Will could communicate with me , but I didn 't have him to rely on now .
tr	O	I turned to Tony with raised eyebrows , and he leaned back in his chair to meet my gaze .
tr	O	I had allegedly been pregnant numerous times , and Felix had proposed on a few occasions .
tr	O	He 's the one who dumped me , and it had been years .
tr	I	No sound came from them , but her lips formed the words .
tr	O	They boarded the yacht , and Nick shoved Julian toward one of the sofas in the salon .
tr	I	Our feelings for each other are genuine , but I 'm sorry we 've gotten so off track together .
tr	I	She could not hear it , but all the world could hear Marius 's voice .
tr	I	He liked the feel of her beneath his arm while they watched an NBA game , but not so much the porch sitting .
tr	I	The crowd flocked in , and the doors were opened .
tr	O	I tried to understand it , but I was not moved by such watery feelings .
tr	O	Blood spurted as Judd 's nose broke , and Judd flopped to the floor , screaming .
tr	O	They would arrive and there would be no help to give -- at least not in this vehicle .
tr	I	I 'm here to stay as well , and your mother 's done running , Chloe .
tr	I	He ran , and Jain yelled .
tr	I	The Freaks went down before him in great piles , and his rage manifested in every slash of his blades .
tr	I	He was instantly bereft , and her hands fell away .
tr	I	The conversations were easy and the food was excellent .
tr	O	It wasn 't something I could explain , but the evidence was there , as palpable as if I 'd read it on paper .
tr	O	Ken assured her it would work out , and if there was an issue , they would cross that bridge when they came to it .
tr	I	He entered her one more time , going as deeply as possible as he spilled himself into her womb and her name tore from his lips .
tr	O	Samuel had risen from his bed to have a belated cold supper with her , and then they 'd retired here .
tr	O	She couldn 't explain it but his laughing at her made her mad .
tr	O	Carmine stared back , their eyes connecting for only a few seconds , but it felt as if an eternity passed under the scrutiny of his gaze .
tr	I	There was a glimmer of realism about him , a practical man and however he appeared unpretentious .
tr	I	They 're saying shit about Riley , and the biker gang is there .
tr	O	This was not going well and he didn 't like it .
tr	I	I had been there often and this was one of nature 's masterpieces .
tr	I	Now he knew why , and he 'd begun to recognize that although she was perfect on the surface , his Bride was wounded , scarred inside .
tr	I	Wulf knew each member of the security force that the Council had sent to protect Chris , but granted , the guards never remembered him .
tr	O	A savage snarl slipped free from him and that 's when he started to understand .
tr	I	Brant had turned quiet , but she tried to make small talk .
tr	O	He quickly ducked away , staggering further into the shop , and he caught sight of his assailant .
tr	O	His eyes slowly adjusted to the scene , and he bolted up suddenly , looking around .
tr	O	She was silent a moment , and I turned my head .
tr	I	I couldn 't look away either , but I couldn 't bear to watch .
tr	I	She managed a weak smile and I nodded .
tr	O	It felt like water to my touch and I imagined this was keeping the air in the ship .
tr	I	It has only been a couple of days and it seems like I have been here forever .
tr	O	She was afraid and she needed them ?
tr	O	He was just eager for you to know his story , and he knew that you wanted to know it as well .
tr	O	The afternoon was quickly slipping away , and he wanted to leave before nightfall .
tr	I	If he did , he hid it far better , or he didn 't seem to notice their ominous surroundings .
tr	I	I searched through my broken memory to find it , and I knew he 'd told me his name .
tr	O	Amira 's dress was not split for riding , but propriety was the last thing on her mind .
tr	I	The whiskey had sharpened it , and Hart had been working through pain .
tr	I	When I do have it , the people around me are happy , but the truth is that I have them so rare .
tr	O	A harsh wind has evicted the fog , and thousands upon thousands of crystalline stars pour out their glory in a choir of radiant luminescence .
tr	O	There were attempts to give the town some ambiance , but you could see it was thrown together haphazardly .
tr	O	I tried lifting my head , but even that small effort proved too much for me .
tr	I	The words made Sally cold and the sobbing made Sally sick .
tr	I	She didn 't argue further but Zoe stuck a pout on her lips .
tr	O	She was wrong to go , but I understand why she did .
tr	O	Pain exploded in her face , and her nose started spurting blood .
tr	O	We lean in close together and I suddenly become aware of just how close he is .
tr	I	Even as she did so , a small smile was tugging at the corners of her soft mouth , but she read in earnest .
tr	O	The town police were fairly tolerant but they could get irate if he gave any appearance of pestering the tourists .
tr	I	It 'll also be a suicide mission , but it 'll be a freebie for you .
tr	O	People often look great in person , but the camera doesn 't always flatter them in pictures .
tr	O	I 'm sorry , sport , but they won 't .
tr	O	It is not a steep descent , but it takes caution .
tr	I	The sentries could just see movement through the leaves , and the vampires gathered beneath the canopy of the trees .
tr	I	Her mouth fel open , and Kylie looked at it .
tr	I	I prayed Orson wouldn 't see this cowboy riding so close to his cabin , and it was exhilarating .
tr	O	I sighed again , and we headed off to Inverness .
tr	O	He stepped away , and Colleen slipped off her cardigan sweater .
tr	O	It is like jumble in my brain but it is . .
tr	O	She knew what he meant , and she wanted none of it .
tr	O	My arm burned something fierce , but dread pushed away the pain .
tr	O	We 'd reached the boat , and he peered at me as I climbed on board .
tr	I	She didn 't , but he expected her to draw away from him in disdain .
tr	I	She kept walking toward the mirror , gauging her gait , and they didn 't look at Jolene .
tr	I	I slam the doors shut with a crash , and the cryo chambers thud back into place .
tr	I	I decide not to eat breakfast this morning because we were still full from dinner last night and Chapter 36 Day 32 Derrick .
tr	I	We 'd sometimes get shots for the whole afternoon and the tenant farmer would scare them up for us .
tr	I	With each reading more questions entered his mind , and Eben had read the letter at least a dozen times .
tr	I	It would start rolling away whenever he put his weight on it but Hunter tried to lift himself into it by grabbing onto the arms .
tr	O	The beasties were still making a racket , but I needed more than that if I was going to make a clean getaway .
tr	I	He pulls me into him , and his lips crash into mine with fervor .
tr	O	There were fewer cars on the road , but there were more accidents than usual .
tr	O	Don 't tell your brother I said this , but Carson 's hot .
tr	O	I 'm trying to do what 's right and I don 't even know what that is anymore .
tr	I	Then again confronting Hafiz directly might be beneficial , but he felt that he can 't win this battle with one attack .
tr	I	He shut the engine down again , and she asked as soon as they were in front of the house .
tr	O	The tunnel disappears and my vision returns .
tr	O	Obviously he knows how this game is played and he 's good at it .
tr	I	Neither could be opened from the outside , and the first door would not unlatch if the second door was open .
tr	O	The talk was mostly of the Forest and of the different hunts they were planning on their return .
tr	O	They 'd both try , but in the end the obstacles would be too much .
tr	I	I could be sure he 'd hint but he wouldn 't ask outright where I 'd found it .
tr	O	I wanted to tell her that I would never leave , but I knew that was one promise I couldn 't make .
tr	O	He was destined to be the Alpha of her heart , and that was that .
tr	I	He shook it off , but his stomach sank with remembered dread .
tr	I	Elena was happy and Bonnie was safe .
tr	O	I knew what I needed to do and I had the money to do it .
tr	I	She could see his cop brain at work , attempting to figure out all the angles and Mike narrowed his gaze .
tr	I	We all start filling our plates and I set the containers in the middle of the table .
tr	O	He was older , perhaps eight , but already his stocky build hinted at the massive man he would become .
tr	O	It 's slow , but we might pick her up .
tr	I	She was right and she thought no one would believe me .
tr	O	There was more to tell , but it was too late now .
tr	O	he replied , and the tension left his face .
tr	O	She gets out of the car , and I follow suit .
tr	O	Accusation rang in Chad 's tone , and Alana frowned .
tr	O	There weren 't a great deal of customers today , but then , there never were .
tr	O	I scanned her eyes , and the pain held within them cut me open .
tr	O	One hand stayed on my hip , but the other he raised above my head to plant firmly against the wall .
tr	I	Megan could not let her know where she was and she felt pain , thinking how her mom worried .
tr	I	He 'd long since given over to his demon , but darkness would have enveloped him completely .
tr	I	They were conversing with each other and everyone seemed to enjoy their dinner .
tr	O	They squeaked and their wings flapped like a disturbing chorus that sent shivers down my spine .
tr	I	Our chances of success have multiplied exponentially and get this right , the professional tradesman will tell us .
tr	I	Murphy had not had a very good night , and it was only seven a.m. .
tr	I	The selfish part of me was really hoping it wouldn 't , but I know how much she was hoping the exchange would work out .
tr	O	She 'd be dead soon , and she 'd never see the light of day again .
tr	I	There were too many unknown factors involved , but Mia was thinking feverishly about a plan .
tr	O	He moves his head away and I feel his mouth near my ear .
tr	I	I still ain 't sure if it feels right but which is true .
tr	O	Suddenly the room felt like a sauna , and Allie had to get out .
tr	I	I was afraid to even move and the nerves were starting to get the best of me .
tr	O	I 'm sorry for your loss , but please don 't try to ruin any more of my happiness .
tr	O	I turned off the car , and we both got out .
tr	I	The irony that now cold was all he knew and he laughed when he remembered how much he hated the cold then .
tr	O	It was only a sketch , but it had to be perfect .
tr	O	I cried out in pleasure but it wasn 't enough .
tr	I	It 's echoed in the way he holds me , but the other reason is left unsaid .
tr	O	His eyebrows went up , and his mouth dropped open .
tr	O	We sit down in the lobby , and Derrick tells them everything that happened .
tr	O	I wanted to go back in , but I knew it was too soon .
tr	O	It is not enough that you come to my abode , but you tire me with these endless requests of trivial matters .
tr	I	We all headed into the elevator , and he talked to the clerk at the desk .
tr	O	I think there was room for them then , but the universe has come more to a point .
tr	I	I had probably pretended it anyway , but killer robotic cameras hadn 't been after me at the time .
tr	I	I startled , and Evan asked .
tr	O	Karl saw he had gone into a very serious mode , and he snapped into action .
tr	I	As Liz looked around , she could see why ... and Hilton Head had been touted as the Hamptons of the South .
tr	I	We were running , and Cole grabbed my hand .
tr	I	There was a glow that managed to show up beautiful vaulting in the roof above , but it was a big space , dark as soot .
tr	I	He pinched his fingers together and Mackenzie narrowed her eyes at him .
tr	I	There were definite patches missing , but I hadn 't lost it all .
tr	O	I believed in someone I shouldn 't have , and now more people are dead .
tr	O	Dad wasn 't much of a poet , but that little slogan stuck in his head whenever he felt like arguing with Mom .
tr	I	I 'm glad I did , but I didn 't mean to read it .
tr	I	I lay still , trying to hear what he was saying and I heard him whispering .
tr	O	Ryan looked at Claire , and Jared jerked him again , demanding his ful attention .
tr	I	She nearly sighed an audible sound of relief , and the doorbell rang .
tr	O	He paused to listen , but the garrison slept on .
tr	I	She frowned , and as she entered their home gym , her blue eyes caught her own image in the mirror .
tr	I	He was looking at me with a kind of distinctly male fascination and he leaned even closer .
tr	O	He 'd put together this awesome package of goodies for me , and I jokingly told him he should give me gifts more often .
tr	O	All four were fully suited up in their new suits , and they breathed from air tanks next to them .
tr	I	It was Sebastian 's face that was the most horrified , but Alexander 's face turned white .
tr	I	The conversation was iced , at least for a few minutes , and the guy frowned , as if this was completely unacceptable .
tr	O	The shot seemed to echo , and Cale heard a distant cry .
tr	I	Then she shrugged , but when she glanced at Hanna , there was disgust in her eyes .
tr	I	Caroline had dropped into a nearby chair , but he stood in front of the fireplace , exactly where he 'd been before .
tr	O	They both laugh again , and Kat blushes slightly .
tr	O	Its edges were worn with age , and the ink was beginning to fade .
tr	I	They were all geeks though , but my co-workers seemed nice .
tr	O	She was about the same height as the man , and she knew she looked positively harmless next to Glory .
tr	O	I wasn 't scared of Nan , but I was scared of what she 'd do to Harlow .
tr	O	I tried to quell my rising sense of dislike for the young man but nature was more powerful .
tr	O	Sam wasn 't sure who made the first move , but it didn 't really matter .
tr	I	He chooses to receive , and it lands on heads .
tr	O	It ´ s a female voice and it ´ s resonating in my head .
tr	I	She had to let him know it was okay , and it was the end of this particular love story .
tr	I	At least I 'd attempted to thank him , but there was a good chance he wouldn 't even get it .
tr	O	She ran out and I couldn 't stop her .
tr	O	Truth is Bridget and I go way back .
tr	I	He was an escape for me , and I was an escape for him .
tr	O	I couldn 't take my eyes off her - and neither could the other men in the club .
tr	I	Some secret part of me did ... but I shouldn 't have wanted that .
tr	O	They waited , but nothing happened .
tr	I	He jumped at the sound of her voice , and she blurted out .
tr	O	The others must believe her innocent or they wouldn 't believe her bones .
tr	O	No man alive had yet put the yoke on her , and with God as her witness , no man ever would .
tr	O	I immediately called Cat , but she wasn 't in .
tr	I	Mother hushed him until she was blue in the face , and Father mentioned something about a project to me last night .
tr	O	It 's what I 've done for most of my life , and I can feel on my lips the words that will make Mutt look good .
tr	O	Joe noticed that the three drivers were armed with two revolvers each , and he asked if Sage had trained them to use the guns .
tr	O	No one knew his name nor from whence he came nor his calling .
tr	I	I was live streaming at the time and we had uploaded it all .
tr	O	She claimed illness for as long as possible , but eventually , she could remain hidden no longer .
tr	O	I heard him , and he heard me .
tr	I	If everything worked out , the first flight crew would be complete , and he said that he would wait for the new pilot to arrive .
tr	O	She tried , unsuccessfully , to reassure him she was fine , but he could tell her nerves were on edge .
tr	I	I 'm not even going to speculate , but WALTER : In a way it would be comforting to think so .
tr	I	I was happy to take him up on the offer , and Kiernan had volunteered to go in search of some lunch .
tr	O	He was good , but how could I come up with his twenty-five thousand minimum retainer .
tr	I	I was grateful for the distraction , and the rush happened earlier than usual .
tr	O	The tears in my eyes clogged my throat and I forced them down in a painful swallow .
tr	O	He screamed for me , but I pictured those walls .
tr	O	His bluntness horrified him , but it was how he felt .
tr	O	He hasn 't been let into the palace since the coup , but we 're sure they 're watching his every move .
tr	O	Catalina laid out a blanket to sit on and the boys ran off dancing in the rotunda .
tr	O	She still wasn 't sure how she felt about Logan , but it seemed right that they were finally on friendly terms .
tr	O	Thor was surprised to see him there , and it sank in that Elden truly wanted to be friends .
tr	I	It was getting to him , and he sensed the dark well of intensity in her .
tr	O	I saw the junkie open the door to his apartment , and then the screen blurred .
tr	O	CHAPTER THREE Kissing Nadia was like Christmas and his birthday rolled into one .
tr	I	He never got to see him , but Nate had been left to sit for hours waiting for the detective 's return .
tr	I	It 's separate , yes , and you pour oil into water ?
tr	O	He had dismounted , wary of the commotion approaching , and his immediate bodyguard were forming a ring around him , making him a small target .
tr	I	She 'd expected him to accept her invitation instantly and it was the first time she 'd made such an offer .
tr	O	My heart was beating fast and my eyes fixated on her .
tr	I	It didn 't come but he braced himself for Alan 's onslaught .
tr	O	I had an almost captive audience and I felt pumped up due to surviving my close encounter with a .38 so I went on .
tr	I	The audience could still hear him , but Potter lowered his voice a little .
tr	O	Hopefully she would get to the house before sunset and she hoped Susan would be there by then .
tr	I	I feel charmed and the scent of him fills the air between us .
tr	O	Only now Rusty knew , and Rachel hoped that Rusty would keep it in confidence .
tr	O	It took out five of them but the last one used a Yen to protect himself at the last moment .
tr	O	He 'd been giving me the third degree since the server set our dinner on the table , and I was becoming emotionally exhausted .
tr	I	He was gazing up at Eva , and his eyes were open .
tr	I	He wasn 't trying to pull her wrist to him , and suddenly she realized that he wasn 't holding her as tightly .
tr	O	I open my mouth to refute her but the denial dies on my lips .
tr	I	It 's all I could come up with , but I know it 's pretty far out there .
tr	O	She heard the door open , and they entered the hallway .
tr	O	I was there , but I didn 't raise a sword .
tr	O	That was a blatant lie and I hoped that my poker face was better than Kiernan 's , at least in the dim light .
tr	O	I glance into his eyes and his are icy , dangerous .
tr	O	Cole felt wary , but he needed information .
tr	O	It took effect quickly and the results were horrific .
tr	O	They say a cold front will be coming in and temperatures will reach back down into like the seventies .
tr	O	He looked closely at the scar himself , and John looked surprised at Mark .
tr	O	She felt anxious about it , and she had no idea why .
tr	I	I turned to face him , and he slid out then .
tr	O	His eyes widened , and his face blanched .
tr	I	Tears made her eyes shiny , but Jennifer didn 't speak .
tr	I	He almost changed his mind about meeting Hempel , and it pained him to see her so upset .
tr	O	The old fear still lingered inside her , and Balthazar knew that was his own fault .
tr	I	She nodded and I asked .
tr	O	I fought it but I couldn 't stop myself from trembling .
tr	I	I know that people age differently here , but she looks to be in her early thirties .
tr	O	A gust of wind flung snow into her face , and her eyes watered with the sting .
tr	O	I never thought about it that way before , and now that seems foolish .
tr	O	The sun now seemed unbearably hot , and he moved into the shade .
tr	I	They continued walking and the car beeped .
tr	O	They bore no resemblance to the weapon used in the testing centre , but the light was the same .
tr	O	We need to replenish ourselves as well , but it 's more like having to eat .
tr	O	Just as it had then , the front door gave way , and she ran into the empty house .
tr	O	They were hooked and he knew it .
tr	I	Gunning us down won 't help 'em much , and all they can do is delay the pursuit .
tr	O	The clock counted down from thirty , and the student section chanted each number .
tr	I	I can see he 's thinking about it , but Adam glances at her , drives on .
tr	I	The food was heavenly , and I was starving .
tr	I	A lot can happen in a work area but we have metal detectors at the door .
tr	I	I bobbed my head , but the question threw me .
tr	O	His shoulders sank and he sighed heavily .
tr	O	Lucky 's eyes popped open and Sidney laughed .
tr	I	We 're talking to her ghost , and that sounds like she 's dead .
tr	I	It 's the only thing that makes sense , but I hate thinking like that .
tr	O	I looked in the mirror , but all I noticed was the blank , lost expression reflected in my eyes .
tr	O	She was mature , to say the least , and well spoken , even well read .
tr	I	Lanette Glass was only one of many black teachers , and the public school system seemed to be functioning with little friction .
tr	O	We search the house , but Seth isn 't anywhere .
tr	O	Fresh flowers overflowed from end tables , and the edges of a finely woven rug were fringed with those same flower petals .
tr	I	That wasn 't necessarily a bad thing , but while I was putting it together , it triggered a lot in me .
tr	O	His arm was wrapped around Cara 's shoulders , and he was tracing his fingertips up her arm .
tr	O	She hadn 't said anything , but that look had been there since he 'd had that first flash of memory the day before .
tr	O	I was the idiot who kept pushing him away and he still wanted to be with me .
tr	I	I could only assume that it was her , and I had no idea how old the picture was .
tr	I	I guess it doesn 't have to be , but it 's not fair .
tr	O	Despair washed over her and she reached out to lay a hand on the bark .
tr	I	We sat in silence , his face expectant as he waited for me to continue , and I clenched my teeth together .
tr	I	An entry has to be at least five sentences and she wants us to write for the first eight minutes of class .
tr	O	I would have never thought in a million years he would ever show me any human compassion and yet here it was .
tr	O	Sunlight spilled in from a wide window high above them and they realized it was still noon .
tr	I	I wasn 't complaining if it had hot running water but it was small .
tr	I	Her eyes say she doesn 't mean it , but she gives a slight nod .
tr	O	Someone is out to kill all of us and we have no idea who .
tr	I	She exhaled a low groan and heated sensations rippled through her .
tr	O	Neil stopped , but he refused to look at Dolores .
tr	I	Nothing is safe , and dangers abound here .
tr	O	Both men followed her lead but the mood had changed .
tr	O	The doors opened and the vehicles disgorged large men in trench coats .
tr	O	Many of our pet people were fishermen , though , and drowning happens quite often .
tr	O	Somewhere inside it , Trinity could see a vague spark of what it had once been , but already it was too far gone to save .
tr	I	I turned , curling my lip in a snarl , and Archer was beside us .
tr	O	I want to tell him that I know it 's not easy , but I wouldn 't have made it through the past week without him .
tr	I	It shattered as it skidded across the floor and he threw it to the ground .
tr	O	My head hurts , and I feel dizzy .
tr	I	To walk the earth with others was certainly wonderful , but his meanderings tended to be of the solitary variety .
tr	I	The low , sexy sound sent a shiver through me and he chuckled .
tr	I	I 'm not afraid of it , and I always knew I was going to die .
tr	O	An arm wrapped around her and they swapped news .
tr	I	The wind drowned her out , but she screamed as she landed .
tr	I	I shook my head at myself and I ran my fingers through my slightly damp hair .
tr	I	I hear the tinkle of glass breaking , and she strikes out clumsily with a foot .
tr	I	The very ground began to shake , and all of a sudden an unearthly rumble sounded .
tr	O	My back stiffened , and I ran a quick hand over my eyes to dash away the tears .
tr	O	Hurt shot through me , along with more than a little anger , and I slapped my hands on my hips .
tr	O	I 'll find the room , Ryland , but we have to buy ourselves some time .
tr	I	Ty stepped in , turning to face Zane and the doors opened .
tr	O	I put my arm around Penelope , and we drove on .
tr	O	Colin shook his head and the woman in green took her leave .
tr	O	His voice was low , rasping , and he told me that I 'd never be happy .
tr	O	Angelina had been trying to tempt his appetite , as usual , but she 'd miscalculated with Joanna .
tr	O	He was expecting a meal , and she didn 't have anything to serve him .
tr	I	Only a couple of inches of it were above water , and it was dark green .
tr	O	Not that she was complaining , but she couldn 't help wondering .
tr	I	We found a nice warm booth toward the back , away from chilly blasts from the door but it was half full .
tr	O	She felt him ease away from her , and it hurt more than she 'd imagined .
tr	I	Each feather was perfection , pure beauty , it was the absolute coolest thing I 'd ever seen in my life but it was thin .
tr	I	There didn 't seem to be anything untoward in it , so he let it go , but Jake didn 't like the man touching his woman .
tr	O	I can see all over his face that he 's contemplating it and his smile seems to deepen .
tr	O	The glass sphere shone in the light , and Maxwell stared at it , willing himself to see the place where the secret lay .
tr	O	I climbed in the truck , and we drove away .
tr	O	I wanted to believe I saw a softness in his eyes , but I could have imagined it .
tr	I	I 'd almost begged him to hate me , and the numbness had begun to fade in that moment .
tr	O	She was a patient woman , and right now she could think of the perfect way to pass that time .
tr	I	Even so , she 'd managed to put them on the run , but if she hadn 't been drunk , she 'd have had them .
tr	I	I can 't do it much longer and I 'm tired of bailing out !
tr	I	Usually a nasty man stayed with me , drinking horrible beer , but she said she had to work .
tr	O	McKee pushed his seat back in place , and Tallis grimaced in a displeased manner .
tr	O	I confronted him about it at home , and he barely even bothered to deny it .
tr	O	Her breathing still seemed labored , but she blinked , her eyes focusing as though suddenly seeing the world for the first time .
tr	O	Get to the page , and you can go home .
tr	I	Julia swung her dazed eyes to the woman and Monique continued with her announcement .
tr	O	The winds were favorable and they sailed south just out of sight of land .
tr	O	Frank rolled it down , and a gust of freezing air forced its way into the car , overpowering the heater in a few quick seconds .
tr	O	I 've been more afraid in the last few weeks than my entire life on earth and it 's exhausting .
tr	I	I have a feeling I know what 's coming , and I hate when I forget he can hear me .
tr	O	Finally they caught onto the tiny sharp object , and he pulled it up , a chain coming with it .
tr	O	It wasn 't like her , but she guessed everyone had these moments .
tr	O	They continued to look around the area , waiting for someone to greet them , yet none in the group saw the watching eyes .
tr	O	He 'd been five at the time , but what would he have done without Tippy ?
tr	I	Jackie wasn 't ready yet , but Iain stepped away to engage .
tr	I	The cicadas haven 't started up yet , but Evening is coming .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure how accurate that information was , but in a few minutes he 'd find out firsthand .
tr	I	My head was spinning and my muscles were aching .
tr	O	That made everyone acutely uncomfortable , and they all looked away .
tr	O	She sat down beside him and he was pleasantly surprised .
tr	I	When I found out who you associated with , I figured it was my lucky day , but I know the kind of man he is .
tr	I	When I finally did fall asleep , I never dreamed at all , but I expected to have wild dreams .
tr	I	He wants to live and he 's so tiny .
tr	O	His voice trembled and his eyes glistened .
tr	I	He 'd far rather walk than drive and he didn 't care about the car .
tr	O	Paddy wagon collected the suspect at the correct time , but it disappeared enroute .
tr	O	The walk back to the bridge was just as painful as the walk to the coffin room had been , but the pain was changing .
tr	O	I had been sitting on the sand and Della had been straddling me , facing me .
tr	O	He held her tight , and she settled back down .
tr	O	I wanted to ask him what was complicated , but I knew I just had to be patient .
tr	O	My father knew a professor there , and he helped me in many ways .
tr	I	I suddenly felt ravenously hungry and the life force surged back into my body .
tr	O	The insult was not lost on Simon , but he ignored it .
tr	I	I pretended not to suddenly hate what I did every night , and Samson smiled at his joke .
tr	O	I know your body , and you know mine .
tr	I	His blond hair was pulled back into a neat ponytail , and he was clean-shaven .
tr	O	The look on her face challenged them to disagree , but no one said anything .
tr	O	The rock missed by a wide margin but it was enough to make Endo run across the green grass .
tr	O	She whined and he laughed .
tr	O	I 'm weakened and I 'm strengthened in your arms .
tr	O	A tear ran down her cheek and Rachel began to cry as well .
tr	I	The hum of murmured voices continued to pervade the room , but the yelling ceased .
tr	O	The main deck area with the fishing chair was at the stern of the boat and that was where he found Jeff .
tr	I	That is true , and you said I need allies who are smarter than I am .
tr	O	The zombie came at me again and I scrambled to get to my feet .
tr	I	Most were only one but some were two stories .
tr	I	There was nothing more I could do , but the ends of my toes were blackening .
tr	I	Donald slapped a high-five , and Daniel raised his hands .
tr	O	Mel was a few years younger than him , but considering how small she made her town sound , she might have known him .
tr	I	She couldn 't mistake the love in his eyes and Ryan glanced at Zoe .
tr	I	This has just made things worse and I feel awful .
tr	O	To save face , he was left with no choice but to accompany his words with a cocky smile , one that instantly irritated her .
tr	I	Lexa let go and he rammed it with his shoulder .
tr	O	They want out and I am tired of dealing with this .
tr	O	She squirmed beneath him and he took his time to fully appreciate this rare allowance .
tr	I	I realized that my own sandwich was barely half eaten and the apple slices were still untouched on Katherine 's plate .
tr	O	Even Claire 's in the dark about it , and I don 't think she needs to know yet .
tr	I	I wondered what he meant by his first comment but I told him .
tr	I	I nearly followed through on our original plan , carpenters be damned , and John kissed me hard , to silence my giggles .
tr	O	His grip on my arms loosens , and slowly , he leans toward me .
tr	I	I could barely breathe , and it got very quiet .
tr	I	I had called him kitty first , but I would have protested the nickname .
tr	I	The phone itself worked , but the glass screen was cracked .
tr	O	She 'd left him and now he had feelings .
tr	I	Only the heaviest of shells could shred it , and it was still grouped heavily in front of the German works .
tr	I	I could only see how beautiful Mia was , but I clenched my hands into fists , wanting to be mad .
tr	O	The demonstration would give her the recognition she needed to move forward with her work , but it was clear Bob wanted all the glory for himself .
tr	O	His tone is lighter now , freer , and I suspect that our new closeness has made it easier for him to talk to me .
tr	I	I don 't look at her , but Charlie is still staring at me .
tr	I	He sensed no routes to follow , but he loosed a host of threads .
tr	I	Perhaps that wasn 't what the teenager wanted from her , but she 'd wanted so much to solve Lauren 's problem .
tr	I	He slowly turned to Bia and Zeus ' stomach sank .
tr	O	I flinched , and she frowned .
tr	I	It was obvious that Miguel knew the game , and I had learned the previous year that a lot of Mexicans played baseball .
tr	I	I blinked back a wave of sudden hot tears , and my throat closed up as I said the words .
tr	I	We start running back in the direction of the frat house to get ready for class , and Braden nods .
tr	I	I think he sniffs my hair as I pass , but I can 't be sure .
tr	I	That time I didn 't let myself feel cowed , but she arched an eyebrow at me over the interruption .
tr	I	The Orcs were yet far ahead , and one day now had passed since Boromir fell .
tr	I	I went with him to an evil place , and the wolf of pride was biting my leg .
tr	I	New automatic switching systems were again available and it would have to make do until computer companies were restored .
tr	I	She was also more , but okay , the last part might be true .
tr	I	He cut her off , but she opened her mouth to protest .
tr	O	It probably did not match the future her parents had planned for her but it had certainly not included the way she felt now .
tr	O	There was debris from the fire and Auron watched knights slaughtering his people .
tr	I	I read up on in the last few weeks and a new spell Bailey mentioned .
tr	I	I relaxed against his chest , and we moved slowly with the music .
tr	O	Give it a nudge and you destroy it forever .
tr	O	I tried to run to him but someone held me back .
tr	O	He was begging her , and he didn 't care .
tr	O	When he had woken up , his sheets were soaked with sweat and his knuckles had turned white from gripping said sheets .
tr	O	Any moment the demons would come , and I would beg them for death .
tr	I	He intended to treat us as such , and we were outcasts .
tr	I	His hands hold me down , but I struggle to sit up .
tr	I	Rachel had time to notice his teeth , suddenly sharp , and * The dog came fast , pouncing toward her .
tr	O	Murphy dropped me off at the hospital and I headed straight for Elaine 's room .
tr	I	With his business faltering , little news came through the inn anymore , but Archer helped when he could .
tr	I	I breathed in deeply , and he smelled like Jack .
tr	I	I stared at each other and I drew out the word as Elliot .
tr	O	The electricity pounding through my veins was intense , but it was also focused .
tr	O	Something was missing , but she had no idea what .
tr	O	Tabitha pouted and Jake laughed .
tr	I	I don 't have your phone number and you haven 't been here all week .
tr	O	he asked softly , not wanting to startle her , but her head jerked around anyway , her eyes wide .
tr	O	It didn 't make him worthless , but it didn 't make him necessarily likeable .
tr	I	Keeping our friendships strong and we cared more about the bro code .
tr	I	They eased their way slowly through the giant rocky gates and Mo shoved them off of the shallow beach .
tr	O	I remembered what he did and I 'm pissed at him .
tr	O	Army would pay for me to go to college , but I can 't afford to take the time off .
tr	I	She hit him with a lethal glare and her head shot back .
tr	O	His words finally penetrated my anxiety and I stared at him , astonished .
tr	O	The guy was all right in the looks department , but the sight of his gray aura put me on edge .
tr	I	He brought their lips together and his hands cupped her face .
tr	O	Joy , anger , sadness , fear ... but confusion seemed to stand out the most .
tr	O	I wanted to look into her eyes , and I wanted her to look into mine .
tr	O	The tavern might not be open , but she knew Connor would be there .
tr	O	She told me it had to be kept a secret and I promised her I wouldn 't tell a single person .
tr	O	Delilah pushed a few more keys on her tablet and the alarm for the delivery van started wailing .
tr	O	There was a bomb in the bed of the truck and we are moving forward .
tr	I	You nonstop and your colonel talked about his girlfriend .
tr	O	He was trying to hide his concern and she loved him even more for it .
tr	I	There was Josh and I looked down .
tr	I	With each passing minute she grew more anxious , and they had been waiting for some time now .
tr	I	She stuck her head around to see a server room that would rival a giant corporation 's and the hum increased to a low roar .
tr	O	The demon 's eyes widened , but he gave nothing of the exchange away .
tr	I	The lull of the engine is all I hear , but I feel his chest contract , like he gasped .
tr	O	At first Nell 's infatuation had flattered her , and she had used it .
tr	I	This was all going to be some kind of mistake , and he was going to put down the gun .
tr	I	He looked down at her with a strange feeling swelling up in his chest and when she finally stood up , his eyes opened .
tr	I	She continued and chewy nodded .
tr	O	I still wanted to go to them , but one look at the state of my kingdoms told me I 'd be here for a while .
tr	I	They lock her up like the mad old witch she is and she won 't be able to sneak into my room if I tell someone .
tr	O	The door opened , and the blood drained from my face when I saw who was on the other side .
tr	I	The nice blonde started to gurgle blood , and suddenly she saw a streak of movement .
tr	O	Something about the room was oddly familiar , but Jocelyn couldn 't have said exactly what .
tr	O	Martina said to Doug , but there was no response .
tr	O	He looks up and his dark eyes lock onto me .
tr	I	That was ridiculous , but I fancied I could almost feel him next to me , watching me .
tr	I	James looks like his brain melted and my pulse won 't slow .
tr	I	I swallowed back bile , and my stomach twisted .
tr	O	Nic came up behind me , and I caught the scent of his hair , felt the heat pulsing off him like steam .
tr	O	I got down from the stool , and we headed upstairs .
tr	O	His thumb brushed over the sensitive little nub , and he trailed a single fingertip to her opening where he continued to tease .
tr	I	She let out a sigh , shifting restlessly and just then her eyelashes fluttered .
tr	I	Trevor deliberately picked me , and Matt picked Becky .
tr	O	The nearest animal hospital was in Jacksonville , thirty minutes away , and with sudden certainty he knew that the dog wouldn 't last that long .
tr	O	Intellectually , she knew Paul spoke the truth , but still , she felt responsible .
tr	I	This was ridiculous , but true , prior familial experiences had prepared Alexia for a life of omission .
tr	O	They lay their rice right on the pavement to dry , too , and bicyclists roll over it as if it 's not there .
tr	O	She appreciated his offer , more than he would ever know , but she couldn 't let him do it .
tr	O	The commandant might be expecting an official inspection , but Hitler left such matters to others .
tr	O	She looked to Jimmy , and he nodded .
tr	O	She hates that I had him and she didn 't .
tr	I	I was beginning to understand just how satisfying a job could be , and it felt great to be able to handle business on my own .
tr	O	Bob took a left at Heron and the SUV turned left , as well .
tr	O	3 January 15 , 1624 Today was an exceptionally cold day and we spent it indoors .
tr	I	Even as she stepped forward , Gideon was back on his feet with the dagger firmly in his hand , but she cried out .
tr	I	So much of it doesn 't add up , but I want to believe them .
tr	I	As a mermaid , she was even more magical , even more seductive , but Lilly was magical on earth .
tr	I	She seemed just as concerned as I did and I looked over at my sister .
tr	O	Kelly heart swelled and she was dizzy .
tr	O	Just a way to let them know there were no hard feelings , but the President would have had them shot if he had his way .
tr	I	I resented this , but Necessity demanded we take a lamp to find our way .
tr	I	Nick needed to dazzle the crowd in order to get a hearing , and she knew heavy hitters swarmed the halls for the chance at glory .
tr	I	The group moved out of the cell and the children fell in behind .
tr	O	A throat clears and I realize I 'm still staring at them .
tr	I	It inhabits me , and I inhabit it .
tr	O	Winter came early that year , and it seemed much more severe than usual .
tr	I	That scared her badly , and Ellie heard the slight tremor in his voice .
tr	I	Plenty of mystery surrounds that exclusive degree , like its exact origin , but it 's a part of the initiation into the Royal Arch Degree .
tr	I	My head was spinning and my eyes were glazed .
tr	I	Then the storm hit , but we left as soon as we heard about Agatha .
tr	I	The moon was shining brightly and the stars had just begun to come out .
tr	O	It isn 't very crowded today and we get through security pretty quickly .
tr	I	He looked away when he spoke again , but Somehow Billy always made her feel better .
tr	O	It surprised me how much I liked his roughness as he pressed his lips firmly against mine and his tongue explored my mouth thoroughly .
tr	I	An impressively cratered moon was floating past and the ship was travelling through an asteroid belt at the time .
tr	I	It was what my body needed , but I would be lying if I said that I enjoyed it .
tr	O	I haven 't seen her since last summer , and she 's much thinner .
tr	O	There was a sense of peace in the city , and surprisingly few cars moving on the street considering the time of day .
tr	O	She wondered why the scientists hadn 't told her that Achilles was in ascension , but then it wasn 't part of her job .
tr	I	Me seem to disappear in his arms and all the things my mom said about him .
tr	I	She tried it again and she pushed it outside .
tr	O	The view should have soothed her but it didn 't .
tr	I	I want for very little really , and you 're right about the money .
tr	I	He felt her hands go to his face as he nuzzled her neck , her long hair hiding them both and he pulled her into his arms .
tr	O	I was there , but I wasn 't .
tr	I	I had Casey to thank for that , and she was almost her old self again .
tr	O	Sarah realized everyone at the table was looking in her direction , and she blushed .
tr	O	Clement had done his best to keep up with that as well as the kitchens , but he was only one man .
tr	I	He moved amiably forward and Sarah tightened her calves against Dan 's sides .
tr	I	You 'll have to hire more to fill out your crew , but I 'll be able to give you a few men .
tr	O	At any other time he would have been grateful , but his view of Gemma was blocked .
tr	O	One hand covered my mouth before I could , and then I saw Sara looking at me with reassuring eyes .
tr	O	He was fifty years old , for Pete 's sake , and Lola was not his mother .
tr	O	Her voice was soft and she ran her finger around the rim of her cup .
tr	O	He didn 't like where that left them , but he didn 't know how to change it .
tr	O	Today was my birthday and I was in paradise .
tr	I	It 's a route I 've walked hundreds of times , usually with Karou , and Location Three isn 't far .
tr	O	I had hurt McKee , confused Tallis , and now I was hurting Jared .
tr	O	Giselle had been able to , obviously , but she was gone .
tr	O	It didn 't work though , and Sean was forced to watch her as the truth slammed home .
tr	O	I hadn 't asked for his help , but I wasn 't going to refuse it , either .
tr	O	I 'll cry when they 're all dead , when the Inquisition is shattered and the gate is broken .
tr	O	My husband is a good man , a fair employer , and he takes his obligation towards his people seriously .
tr	O	She has very few allies right now and if she can use you , she will .
tr	I	I get the feeling it was filled with leaders who did things that didn 't make sense , but I don 't know much about history .
tr	O	Aunt Constance 's eyes shut and she slowly leaned back in the chair .
tr	I	You 're a paralegal and I 'm a lawyer .
tr	I	I threw a pillow at her and I said .
tr	I	I also didn 't like thinking the choice wasn 't mine to make , but I didn 't really want to choose the person I would kill .
tr	I	Draven waved her hand away , but Maddie pinched her , clearly trying to shut her up .
tr	I	Obi-Wan 's face fell , but Anakin winked at him .
tr	I	I 'd never met one this persistent , but cats are stubborn .
tr	I	We 'll find out , but I doubt he knows .
tr	O	After a few minutes the medicated rub was taking its effect and I started to feel slightly better .
tr	I	She couldn 't place it , but the voice on the line sounded familiar to Sally .
tr	I	He shrugged off , but it was one of those things that was in the back of his mind .
tr	O	His upper body looked normal , but his legs were out of proportion with the rest of him .
tr	O	The building was two stories , and as she counted the doors , she realized that each floor had four apartments .
tr	O	She had a lot to think about and she couldn 't do it here .
tr	I	I believed him , but I wasn 't sure if that made sense .
tr	I	The hall is of the latest 17th century fashion , but the wall gave the entire place a medieval look .
tr	I	An elderly woman said something and she turned .
tr	I	After a while the repetition lulls me into a drowsy state of indifference , and the pulse monitor hooked up to my middle finger beeps steadily .
tr	I	I 'm rooted to the spot , but I nod .
tr	I	Ryder glanced at that mirror , and he turned his head , the move taking a strange amount of effort .
tr	O	It was now late afternoon and he hoped she didn 't want to press for a reconciliation .
tr	O	Her mother insisted that was all in her imagination , but she felt it all the same .
tr	O	It is a Friday night and Ian has a band concert .
tr	O	She doesn 't stir , but I hope she hears .
tr	O	You are the fastest we have at relocating , and you must take him by surprise .
tr	I	I jumped , turning around on the couch , and he knocked on the door .
tr	I	She didn 't even understand why , and she 'd put him through hell .
tr	O	That freak of nature had slept at the foot of my bed , and his distinctive reek was permanently imprinted on my rug .
tr	O	I am anxious to go forward , and as such I spoke in haste .
tr	I	They finally reached Rome and two more weeks passed .
tr	O	Alison had no love for the girl that was the fastest on the team and Selena could feel the venom in her stare .
tr	I	He 'd fall over and I could shove him .
tr	I	Rich satisfaction flowed through me and I watched them widen slightly .
tr	I	He was shaking , and Matt was sweating .
tr	I	She suddenly understood that she was being murdered , and Warmth flooded her dress as he struck again .
tr	O	He pushed it , and after a few moments the door obligingly glided out of the way .
tr	I	The others had no reason to question it ; and it appeared that Emily accepted this explanation .
tr	O	Almost each time , Lila ended up answering the questions , and of course , she was always right .
tr	I	I realize I 've been silently staring at him , and he asks , his brow arching .
tr	O	He might get splinters in his ass , but she 'd be glad to pull those out for him if they lived through it .
tr	I	Otherwise the Harley appears to be in working order , but I can see from here the large scrapes in the chrome .
tr	I	I 'd take what I could get , but there wasn 't exactly a healthy selection .
tr	O	She nodded , and they resumed .
tr	O	He looked tired , and although he tried to smile , it came off as more of a grimace .
tr	I	Suddenly the bunk collapsed and I turned quickly to tickle him .
tr	I	He fell to the ground near the bush and another scream .
tr	O	My mom looked like she was going to cry , and I wasn 't sure what to make of that .
tr	O	Okay , maybe she didn 't say that last one quite like that , but it 's what she meant .
tr	I	Smith told Andy to drive back to the hotel , and there were no companies connected to shipping nearby .
tr	I	I choose no but you didn 't give me a choice .
tr	I	Even though I searched for them , they remained hidden from me , but I could hear birds chirping in the trees .
tr	I	It 's blue but it 's faint .
tr	O	Her boots scuffed the snow , and she did her best to dampen the sound .
tr	O	The music started playing again and I realized it was the soft strum of a guitar .
tr	O	It was taking everything I had not to return outside to watch the ship , but driving myself crazy wasn 't going to do anyone any good .
tr	I	His body shook and Jack covered his face with his hands .
tr	I	It was quite possible he was doing both and Gansey had seen his flat .
tr	I	Our minds linked easier and as Snowball grew beyond the puppy stage , her mind sharpened .
tr	O	She practically glowed with eternal satisfaction , and seeing her only made the fire of jealousy inside me burn even hotter .
tr	O	I should have been there more , but I didn 't know what to say .
tr	I	I follow him into the hall , and Realm grins madly when I approach .
tr	O	Having little money of her own , Louisa 's offer of financial assistance seemed generous , but in essence it was a trap designed to ensnare her .
tr	O	I try to talk , but my throat is hoarse .
tr	I	This was the first time she 'd experienced it , but she 'd always heard the term of being taken by a lover .
tr	O	I had seen it the other night and my confused body was already grappling for another taste .
tr	I	Love wasn 't sure if he 'd get back in time and Julie would need taking out again in a couple of hours .
tr	I	Icy wind blasted at him , and this one opened onto a field of snow .
tr	I	Maybe it was just the heater , or I flushed a little from excitement .
tr	O	She had satisfied him with her body , and Cassie was certain , with her blood .
tr	I	I match her stride for stride , but she stays about five feet away from me .
tr	O	If anything , he 'd gotten worse and a part of Liza blamed herself .
tr	I	The scent was fading , nothing fresh and nothing else had been disturbed .
tr	I	Then her body went slack , and she closed her eyes , drawing a deep breath .
tr	O	This wasn 't a perfect world though , and they weren 't perfect beings .
tr	O	She might be rich , but she would still love what I can do for her .
tr	O	My feet strike the hard stone ground at a reckless pace , but I don 't hear a sound .
tr	I	We all agreed and Isabel suggested charades .
tr	I	For a moment I almost felt bad for her , and Calliope paled .
tr	O	He smiled , but his eyes refused to meet hers .
tr	I	It made Walter Jenkins feel more nervous and that stillness was almost impossible to bear .
tr	O	She tried to swallow , but her mouth was dry .
tr	O	No matter what you hear in this bedroom , you stay in this closet , and you don 't make a sound .
tr	I	Emily had no idea Lucinda knew her so well , and Lucinda had never been one to talk about feelings .
tr	I	The car rattled to life seconds later and Harry cried out .
tr	O	They felt that graduation should only celebrate the accomplishments of the living , and the dead shouldn 't be brought up during such a joyous time .
tr	O	Rhyme stepped in the door , and the breath was knocked from his lungs .
tr	I	Family think she 's crazy and they 'll make her friends .
tr	I	It felt great to have a little power , but she doubted she could ever go through with that threat .
tr	O	Soren dropped into the chair , and his leg began to bounce .
tr	I	I understand , but I hate the fact that these animals are being Destroyed .
tr	I	Lewis swiftly stood and the room stirred .
tr	O	Skyla gives a few heated breaths like she 's enjoying it , and I hope to hell she is because I can 't stop .
tr	I	Second , he 's removing all responsibility for the outcome from himself , and first the kidnapper is questioning the boy 's value to the parents .
tr	I	I felt bad for having deserted her , and Lori looked disappointed when we came back .
tr	O	They got into bed , and Bruce reached for her .
tr	I	I guess as with most mountain climbers , he wanted to climb Mt. Everest , and he hoped one day to make his living as a photographer .
tr	I	He did not want to believe it , but part of him knew that the vampire was telling the truth .
tr	O	She is a dangerous suspect and we must see her immediately .
tr	I	Again Mike 's voice stopped her and Again Emma reached for the delicate plate .
tr	I	She scurried backward in terror but he reached out to help the woman up .
tr	O	There is always someone willing to teach , but that 's no good until the pupil is ready to learn .
tr	O	He 'd made the trip everyday since he lost Elle and everyday he returned to the house , unable to do what he set out to do .
tr	I	You 're severely injured , and your strength is gone .
tr	I	We happen to have a band , but we 're just like you guys .
tr	I	I want to know , but it 's none of my business .
tr	I	Paris could smell his stench from where he was standing and he was half asleep .
tr	O	The killer was on the move again , and he could very well be closing in on Cassidy .
tr	I	Joe got started on significant digits , of all things , and Patrick talked about a math book that he was reading .
tr	I	I didn 't ask why , and my mother insisted .
tr	O	I replied , and he smiled .
tr	I	His rough hands sent buttons flying and he caught hold of her shirt .
tr	I	I kept listening , desperate to know I 'd been missed , but I knew I should stop the machine .
tr	O	Ava saw the project going so much better in her head , but the execution had some flaws that she hadn 't seen coming .
tr	O	She smiled and that made me happy .
tr	I	You had to improvise your own soundtrack and tv programs were so much more intriguing if you couldn 't hear what they were babbling on about .
tr	O	He hadn 't heard from Carrie , but he would once she was ready .
tr	I	They all thought that Hugo had received justice and I told everybody where I had dropped Hugo .
tr	I	Everything seemed normal , but I don 't know what I expected when I pulled up to the Home .
tr	I	Just thinking of him taking over curdled the contents of my stomach , and he 'd already made his intentions known .
tr	I	I did as I was told , but I wasn 't certain if the whole thing was even real .
tr	O	You looked up at him , and it seemed like you knew him .
tr	I	My mind feels like it 's going to explode into pieces and it feels like my skin is melting away like candle wax .
tr	O	She glared at Anna and Anna smiled sweetly back .
tr	O	He turned back toward Vin , angry , but his face was no longer that of a young man .
tr	I	He turned at the sound of her approach and her heels clicked on the wood floor .
tr	O	There was a large telescope by his side , but he was staring straight into Emma 's eyes .
tr	O	I spent a moment debating whether to ask him , and then decided I didn 't really want to know .
tr	I	An angular warmth began to grow , and his body shivered around him .
tr	O	The buildings are run down and the house has been vandalized .
tr	I	Gifts could only go so far but the gesture touched my heart .
tr	I	That is exactly what you did , and agnes entrusted you to keep her secret .
tr	I	Of course it wasn 't true , but Keller wanted to say indignantly that he wasn 't any connection to her .
tr	O	Her arms were folded across her chest and her bright red lips were pursed with irritation .
tr	O	Dan should feel grateful that Anne had found some comfort , and he tried very hard to convince himself of this .
tr	I	You 're next , and he poisoned me .
tr	I	I will help you if possible and try for the river .
tr	I	In its place I could hear the sounds of the radio next door again , and the rain had finally stopped .
tr	I	She was afraid she was going to sink to the floor at any moment and her knees were starting to get wobbly .
tr	I	She knocked a bit louder and there was no answer .
tr	O	His foot kicks my back , and pain explodes through my spine .
tr	O	I try to make it seem like I 'm helping , but then we both fall to the dirt .
tr	I	The vegetation was clearing and it was getting steeper .
tr	I	He looked over at his clock , and the sounds pulled him from his sleeping state .
tr	I	The elevator doors swing open and there 's a soft ding .
tr	O	I 'd never seen him speechless before , but finding out your free will had been messed with would be upsetting for anyone .
tr	I	I shook it and he held his hand out .
tr	I	Each bite is like heaven and they melt in your mouth .
tr	O	The door cracked open , and Killian stuck his head inside .
tr	O	He tried to fight it , but he hadn 't fed in days , knowing that they needed to conserve what blood they had left .
tr	O	My message to you tonight is simple : Invest in me , and I will never forget you .
tr	I	The smell of pseudo butter permeated similar to the sound of the open of the movie and Alex peeled the bag open .
tr	I	Life as she knew it would never be the same , but she might not have been treated as a criminal .
tr	O	The geometric shapes flying toward him dissolved , and Pink Floyd 's Off the Wall suddenly came on .
tr	I	You performed your job perfectly , but until you became a prominent member of the Movement , I had no one to play the Elders against .
tr	I	His hair was slicked back with way too much gel , and a crisp white dress shirt was tucked into worn jeans .
tr	O	Part of me wanted to rip the envelope open that second , but those three words kept me from doing so .
tr	I	For fuck sake , I wanted to keep it that way , and only a handful of humans knew about the existence of supernaturals .
tr	O	My eyes were open and there was darkness .
tr	O	He knew very little about cooking , and eating was something he seldom did .
tr	I	I was desperate for a way out of this but it was naive .
tr	I	Your plans will once again be foiled and if the Gods see me with an army they may assume that a war has started .
tr	I	She has orange hair , and she 's teeny weenie .
tr	I	She knew it had come in handy with Jason and at twenty-four she was more flexible than most girls .
tr	O	They 'd made me drink it straight when they 'd gotten up to Alcide 's apartment that evening ; and I didn 't ask them how .
tr	I	The feeling of loneliness that had made me say his name came back and I watched him walk out .
tr	O	Ava 's class finally adjusted to being at school all day and they had worked out some rough edges in matters of obedience .
tr	O	There were never feelings involved and it was just casual dates .
tr	O	You 've had an incredible amount to deal with , and doing things on your terms was important to you .
tr	I	I wrap both my arms around her , holding on to every last second that we have together and hailey hugs me one more time .
tr	I	I was worried about the one weakness we did have , but I was not going to be a fool that way .
tr	O	Len put them on me and I thanked him .
tr	O	We all live together and our parental figures can take care of getting you placed with us .
tr	O	I still didn 't hear anything , but I trusted her instincts .
tr	I	It 's a small place , but Silicon Valley covers a big area .
tr	O	It was wonderfully gallant of Raoul to try to protect her , but the Angel was most assuredly listening .
tr	O	Our construction company had grown and we were busy building bigger structures .
tr	I	It had happened , but I hadn 't expected that .
tr	I	My mind was whirring , but CHAPTER 2 After an eight-hour shift , my body was bone tired .
tr	O	He spent more than two hours in the hospital , and this was very depressing .
tr	O	When I was excited , her ears pricked up and she went faster .
tr	I	He wore a baseball cap that advertised the Detroit Piston 's and Jamal Eddington had a large bandage over his chin .
tr	I	There must be a reason the pens were electrified , but the safest place might be back inside , locked tightly up .
tr	O	From his first day there , he was a loner , and as the years went by , he became evermore withdrawn into himself .
tr	O	Her stomach fluttered , but her nerves held steady .
tr	I	Her knuckles still ached , but the glove she wore had softened the blow .
tr	O	She tried to cut the nearest , but the taken were simply too strong .
tr	I	His expression was unreadable , but Seth held her eyes for a moment .
tr	O	You may sit and I 'll ride you until we both succumb .
tr	I	I stared into the darkness , searching for something to say to him , and the minutes ticked by .
tr	O	Catfish met my eyes , and his were very uneasy .
tr	O	There was a small sliding door over the cluttered counter , and the green light over the door meant that the freight chute was loaded .
tr	I	I don 't want your sympathy , and I don 't need your help .
tr	I	I think the size is about the same , but she 's a little shorter than you are .
tr	O	Ian put her on hold , and there was silence for a short moment .
tr	I	Don 't be too difficult tonight , and cut us a little slack .
tr	O	I can feel that something bad is about to happen and I 'm not sure how to get out of it .
tr	I	She saw her condition reflected in the horrified looks in their eyes , and they came to her condo one after the other .
tr	O	It wasn 't even noon and the car was already sweltering .
tr	I	I think there are definitely souls around ... and I can get spooked .
tr	I	I didn 't think that would be appropriate considering that I was going to be working all night but Sarah insisted that I wear a costume .
tr	O	Lynn had made a little pun , and she gave me the ghost of a smile .
tr	O	I 'm a naturalist , not a cop , but the public is destroying the parks .
tr	O	Her eyes softened and her trembling stopped .
tr	I	Violence just ends out being followed with more violence , and you are smarter than that .
tr	O	She nodded , but she didn 't let go of Duncan .
tr	I	I couldn 't let that stand , and he parried the question without answering it .
tr	I	I walked over to get one for myself and Conner passed out Clif bars to everyone .
tr	I	He 'd not come across any hint of it in her messages , but it should have required more planning .
tr	O	Jackson 's voice was barely a whisper , but my heart shouted in response .
tr	I	He knew the way downstairs without the need for light , but it was dark on the landing in Ryan 's house .
tr	I	Adam walks out and the bathroom door opens .
tr	I	I was leaning heavily on Brendan now , but I thought he seemed somehow taller .
tr	O	toward Emily as she rushed the stage , but it couldn 't be heard over the din of battle .
tr	I	He wanted us to know and he planned to kill her .
tr	I	I will give it to you and you name it .
tr	I	A dragon sat incongruously in the palace gardens and she suddenly shifted .
tr	O	Her mother screamed , and Karen watched as her father lowered the knife , plunging it into her mother 's heart .
tr	O	His whole body tenses when his lips crush mine and he 's shaking with more than just his pain .
tr	I	No sign of the dogs , who 'd looked awfully hungry when they 'd chased him through the gardens , and there was no sign of Dak .
tr	I	Here she was asking him for something he couldn 't give and he was trying to protect her .
tr	I	Yes , I got it from a slice of her half-eaten cheesecake and yes , he gave my sister mono .
tr	I	The arrow streaked past him , and as Cole released , Pickett dodged sideways .
tr	O	Two guards were patrolling the area , but their backs were to the serfs .
tr	O	Moist wasn 't sure what he was inspecting , but he did his best .
tr	I	The wind picked up again , and Thunder rumbled in the distance .
tr	I	His pants half unzipped and his shoulders were bare .
tr	I	I managed to keep the gun aimed upward at the helicopter , but the wind whipped my hair around , the spotlight blinding me .
tr	O	He 'd been instrumental in my final departure from the Compound seven years ago and I was happy to see him .
tr	O	When one of the local heavies had the audacity to ask for protection money the man simply disappeared -- and Sid took over his territory .
tr	I	She 's quietly crying against my chest and I can feel her arms trembling against me now .
tr	O	They might give us a dirty look but nobody got out of the way .
tr	O	The good lieutenant had made the tenth floor into a command station and his soldiers were already packing up the electronic equipment .
tr	I	There are other humans around and I can tell because there 's no gravity .
tr	O	Charlotte 's cheeks flare a bright pink , but she doesn 't deny it .
tr	O	She could make more money with her business degree somewhere else , but she 'd rather do without than go back into corporate business .
tr	O	Silence had hit the gym again upon my words and I found an odd sort of strength from that .
tr	O	Daniel led the way back to the sitting room , and Louisa made herself shut the door of the enticing chamber behind them .
tr	O	I try to blast it , but my power is too low .
tr	I	He let out a curse , and I slapped at his arms .
tr	I	He had nowhere to go , but his first instinct was to bolt .
tr	I	I cannot bear it for him if anything bad was to happen to her and he loves her so much .
tr	I	Everyone in the room knew it , and it was no ordinary tobacco case .
tr	I	At that moment it was exactly what I needed , but she had never felt like much of a mother type before .
tr	I	A witch generally has a lot of pockets , and she began to draw things from her pockets .
tr	I	I did not move a muscle in mine , and she did not move a muscle in her body .
tr	O	You go to the scene and you rebuild what happened .
tr	I	It appeared that the sound proofing left a lot to be desired and the bachelor quarters were above the indoor range .
tr	O	Anne knew men like the back of her hand and she was always with a different one .
tr	I	He landed on his back , all eight legs wriggling in the air , and she smacked him out of the air with the book .
tr	I	Other girls had plans and Amber was out with Dylan , of course .
tr	I	They do happen , but such spontaneous crosses of microorganisms are rare .
tr	I	Her amusement didn 't last long , but a slow grin lifted the corners of her lips .
tr	O	He 'd spoken both titles and either one made instant sense of this amazing place .
tr	I	She jerked away from him , bolting off the bed , and then reality returned with a thud .
tr	O	A white trench coat billowed out behind him , and a gold stud sparkled in one pointed ear .
tr	O	His accent was deep but he spoke perfect English .
tr	O	It seemed an eternity passed before he opened the door , but it was worth the wait .
tr	I	My fingers itched to touch him , and he radiated warmth .
tr	I	For an instant he wondered whether he 'd made a mistake , and he couldn 't read Lexie 's expression .
tr	I	Manuel quickly stepped behind a pedestal bearing a giant array of exotic flowers , and the blond-haired stranger glanced over his shoulder .
tr	O	My best friend 's name shows up on the caller ID , and I give Ezra a little shove before pressing the receiver to my ear .
tr	O	Give a woman a disaster and she turns squirrel .
tr	O	the audience recited from all around me , and my new ink pen snapped in half .
tr	O	One had green shutters on the window and one had a rose bush in a pot out front .
tr	O	This was going to be a homecoming , but it turned into something horribly different .
tr	O	The branches had burnt off and only a smoking stump leaned towards the kids .
tr	I	You wouldn 't want to cross him , but Nicolas was a pleasant adopted brother to be with .
tr	O	His hand tightened around her nape and before she could process the situation , he pulled her to him , bending his head to meet her lips .
tr	O	Her son might be more cunning than most , but he was also dirt poor right now .
tr	O	Yes , he was a demanding lover , but he gave so much more than he took .
tr	I	All my books , and nothing traveled with me from home to home , except my lute .
tr	O	I fall back onto the cot , and the scream has taken away my last reserves .
tr	O	Gaston had seen women do that countless times but somehow , when Elana did it , there was something much more sensuous about the action .
tr	I	I looked toward him , and his voice was soft .
tr	O	She 'd lost Hart , and she loved him so much .
tr	O	He wasn 't getting any threatening vibe off her , and he kind of liked how direct she was .
tr	I	The car never arrived but the German aircraft waited .
tr	O	Cord had AJ bent over , and her hands gripped the table .
tr	O	Suddenly my side becomes warm and I turn to see Blake by my side .
tr	I	There was nobody in sight anywhere around it , but the call box was easy enough to see .
tr	I	There was no helping it , but she probably shouldn 't smile .
tr	I	A shiver ran down my spine , and Calliope 's voice cut through the silence .
tr	I	I 'm not holding out much hope of that , but hopefully , the only bug was in my office .
tr	O	Regardless of the hatred he felt for Roth , the male was still Claire 's mate of many years , and that did count for something .
tr	I	I couldn 't do it , but I thought about waking up Nash .
tr	I	They weren 't sharing and too many people knew things .
tr	I	I couldn 't shake the feeling that there was something more to it , but I knew it was stupid .
tr	I	It clattered downward through the rocks , and he let go of the gun .
tr	I	The panic would take over or she needed to keep moving .
tr	I	Some sort of platform rested at the far end and Iron sconces with candles hung from beams .
tr	O	Aisha shifted in bed , and I scratched her head .
tr	I	It was so quiet , and Golden light streamed in .
tr	I	It was exactly what I needed to hear , but part of me thought that made her crazy .
tr	O	It was so far away that all I could see were the crosses , and it was as James had said .
tr	I	His eyes had glazed over but the oh god was still vertical .
tr	O	His face relaxed into a smile , but mine didn 't .
tr	I	I can 't sustain it , not with him grinning at me like that , but I glare at him for a moment .
tr	O	When they reached the new grave the woman stood still for a while , her eyes closed and her face contorted with pain .
tr	I	That didn 't mean he was concerned only because of my abilities , but true , I 'd spent most of that time unconscious .
tr	I	The cabin doors secured and flight preparations were completed .
tr	I	The curtains will flutter , or the floor boards will creak .
tr	I	His words offered no comfort , but I respected Fade for telling the truth .
tr	I	It 's up-and-coming , but an area that 's troubled .
tr	O	They were soon comfortably settled like thousands of other couples and Laura was developing some new friends .
tr	O	That was some speech and it did help me .
tr	I	She gasps and her eyes snap open as I lower myself down onto her .
tr	I	More importantly , you 're a kobold , and you 're an adult .
tr	I	He hadn 't broken anything , but it was a little tender .
tr	O	I agreed to get closer to you , but it was just an excuse , Erin .
tr	I	Some of the heat faded from her cheeks , but she withdrew her hand .
tr	O	Not that the old man seemed to appreciate her , but Raina treated him like a friend .
tr	O	He sang of his father , and he sang of his mother .
tr	I	What wasn 't spoken at that moment was more important than anything else that was , and they held each other 's gazes .
tr	I	His eyes widen with panic , and Logan glances up at Skyla .
tr	I	It was also kind of fun , but it was a lit le chilly .
tr	O	This was to be the first test of his power and he hoped he wouldn 't get an argument .
tr	O	My face had flashed on her screen , and she 'd picked up before the phone rang on my end even once .
tr	I	She did , but for the life of her , Dagmar didn 't understand what she liked about this goddess .
tr	O	She was probably talking about me in there too , but I couldn 't shake the feeling that Jaden held a big part in this as well .
tr	I	She didn 't want to cause any problems for Monica , but Alex may have to make a return trip to Narragansett .
tr	I	My mother was always crying and my dad was gone .
tr	O	My insides were lava , and my body ached for all of him .
tr	I	He wasn 't listening , but Claire tried to tell him there wasn 't one .
tr	I	Isabella frantically calling her name , and she dimly heard Mac swearing .
tr	I	I did know that I wasn 't going to quit hunting them , fighting them , killing them , but I didn 't know what that meant .
tr	O	I hoped that would do it , but he wouldn 't let it slide .
tr	O	There was a knock on the door and he answered it .
tr	I	She was mine and she was gorgeous .
tr	I	You 're vulnerable and I 'm weak .
tr	I	It was styled in a messy little bob and my blond hair was a little longer than chin length .
tr	O	It was June now , and it had turned out to be a beautiful summer .
tr	I	Then it was over , just like that , and you seemed like such an ideal couple .
tr	I	My worry began to grow , and two more days passed with no word from him .
tr	O	Bottles were opened and glasses were filled .
tr	O	Miranda was silent and I started to wonder if my phone had dropped her call .
tr	O	His little world was turned upside down , that was for sure , and he didn 't know how he could ever hope to right it .
tr	O	He screamed out as he died and I chided myself for my carelessness .
tr	O	It was the sound of footsteps and they were coming closer ... closer .
tr	O	Knowledge is a gift ; and you have proven yourself unworthy of it .
tr	O	His eyes relaxed , and he nodded in thanks .
tr	I	I stayed silent , but I felt like laughing .
tr	I	At night the lights were magnificent and from this posh little restaurant you could see the entire city .
tr	I	Navi decides to intervene and the seconds of uncertainty have drawn out far too long .
tr	O	Theory was one thing , but she needed to experiment .
tr	O	The market was winding down and she knew it was time for her to go , too .
tr	I	The others are heading into the door , and some of the men are guarding it .
tr	O	The windows across the street were mirrored , and she convinced herself that the ones she looked out from were as well .
tr	O	He emphasized ' quiet ' and she could feel his irritation .
tr	I	I couldn 't stand it , and Reed 's harmonica was squealing now .
tr	I	I feel a connection with him , but I know that it doesn 't make any sense to get into a relationship the summer before college .
tr	O	My sister doesn 't ask why , but she sounds distracted .
tr	I	I hated him for it and he sent those pale people to hurt Dean .
tr	I	I wondered what he thought of Amelia 's natural defiance and Jericho 's eyes had widened in response to our interaction .
tr	I	This time he 'd succeed in dragging me to them or I had to keep him talking .
tr	O	Dallas said she was back in The Program , and my only way to deal with that was to stop thinking about her .
tr	I	Frank found Fernando 's curiosity refreshing and they had had many heart-to-heart conversations over recent times .
tr	I	She shrugged it off , but Willow 's stomach did a weird flip flop .
tr	O	He jumped to his feet , but his legs immediately buckled .
tr	O	Their gazes locked , and the hint of sex sizzled in the air between them .
tr	O	It was after midnight , but he couldn 't sleep .
tr	O	Sharp pain shot up my arm , and I let out a surprised gasp .
tr	I	He woke up a bit more , and it closed with a quiet snap .
tr	O	Paul reached him just as she did , and they all joined in a group hug .
tr	O	He leaned over to kiss me again , but I moved .
tr	I	I still don 't want to do it , but I say it out loud , trying to convince myself of this truth .
tr	O	He knew Andy very well , and he cared about her too .
tr	O	Phoenix handed me his helmet and I placed it on my head .
tr	I	His throat was filling with water and his chest was killing him .
tr	O	Abby signed again , but her grandmother acted as if she didn 't need to watch her hands , as if she already knew the answer .
tr	O	He should 've gone home to Hannah ... But he hadn 't given New York a fair shot .
tr	O	Dianna was still digging madly and Melissa decided that she 'd better continue as well .
tr	O	Just think about me and I 'll hear you .
tr	I	She can sleep with me tonight after supper and I 'll go lie down with Cammie now .
tr	I	I took each of their hands , but it seemed a little overly dramatic .
tr	I	The tightly packed crowd of business travelers quickly disembarked , and it parked at Gate 19 .
tr	I	His expression was tender , but he didn 't answer .
tr	O	She 'd known it would be him , and yet still she felt a ripple of purely sexual response to his presence .
tr	I	We rotate through , and only a small part of the army is ever there at any one time .
tr	O	He wanted to ask if her desire was to stay here now , but he wasn 't sure he 'd like the answer .
tr	O	He was a little confused as to what she might be doing until she shifted and he could see past her .
tr	O	I don 't have the power to go back and Circe doesn 't have the power to send me .
tr	O	Everyone had a talent , and ending lives was his .
tr	O	Nicholas Haver segues right back into the minutia of everyday life , discussing the potholes on Saddle Drive , and my mind goes numb from listening .
tr	I	The reasons were now irrelevant and Action had to be taken .
tr	O	The guy standing next to me says and I take a step towards him so I 'm not blocking the door .
tr	I	The woman sat on a hay bale , and it was a rainy day .
tr	I	He had clenched his fist in anger , but Guy hadn 't realised it .
tr	O	I didn 't understand your mother 's need for Harvester , but I never tried to stand in her way .
tr	O	He liked the concept , but there was a small nagging doubt in the back of the Kaiser 's mind .
tr	I	The vision faded and she released the chain at her neck .
tr	O	In 50 years I 'd be 78 and I 'd appear just as I look now , living a life surrounded my immortal creatures .
tr	O	At first , my heart leaps in joy because I think it is Beast , but surely it is far too cold for any human hand .
tr	I	I propped myself up to see who it was , and the door opened a few minutes later .
tr	O	She 's not getting a dime of my money , and she 's sure as hell not getting Damien 's .
tr	O	Kaitlyn realized that on this issue Gabriel was inflexible , and there was no use in arguing .
tr	O	Out came Senator Douglas , and as everyone rose , I saw him escorting the most beautiful creature I 'd ever seen .
tr	O	She peered over the side , but she saw no one .
tr	I	I knew his feet must be sore , and he winced a little as he walked .
tr	I	The door suddenly got opened and she banged on the door .
tr	I	Helen grabbed his arm , stopping him before he could speak , but Joseph opened his mouth .
tr	O	If that requires a little violence then he has no problem with that and the authorities will look the other way .
tr	I	The sweet lyrics of that morning 's hymns broke her heart all over again , but she couldn 't understand a word of the sermon .
tr	I	He shoved her away , and a snarl escaped from her captor .
tr	O	Tears filled her eyes , but she didn 't care .
tr	I	It seems cruel to tell a blind woman that , so I don 't say anything , but her lipstick is a little smeared .
tr	I	I feel a grin tip the corners of my lips , and the train rumbles by on the track by my head .
tr	I	You will reign beside me , and you will ascend the throne .
tr	O	She glared at me with clenched teeth and tears flowed from her eyes in streams .
tr	O	Both men had dark hair , and binoculars hung from their necks .
tr	O	I look for any signs that limit parking , but there are none .
tr	I	Then I felt his gaze move away from me , and he paused .
tr	I	I heard it , but I missed seeing Griffin 's entrance .
tr	O	My guards were up and I carefully walked around the house .
tr	I	He slipped a ten into the tip jar on the counter , and the woman gave Carmine his change , eyeing him warily .
tr	I	The Little People stood motionless and for several minutes the dragons circled .
tr	O	If she hated me , she would have gone after me , but she wouldn 't have hurt herself , never .
tr	O	She tried to scream , but no sound came out .
tr	I	I rested my arms on the bathtub and I whimpered as I felt him slip a finger inside of me .
tr	I	Someone from the mayor 's office will probably show up because the FBI will be there , but they 'll do it here at the station .
tr	I	Lupe was taken , or Lupe was dead .
tr	I	She 'd never looked more beautiful to him , and her blue eyes were shooting daggers at him .
tr	I	They 're dying to meet you and the rest of the family will be here .
tr	I	His voice was steady when he spoke , but his chest knotted with pain now .
tr	I	It had been a while , but no bells tolled the time any longer .
tr	I	The guard tied him to the tree , and he was ordered to sit .
tr	O	I stayed a few nights in High Park after that , but I found it creepy .
tr	O	It took a chip out of the concrete but there 's not a scratch on the box .
tr	I	He didn 't move either and his grip on her tightened .
tr	O	They hadn 't quite forgiven him for leaving Mom 's funeral , but they weren 't being rude either .
tr	I	His clawing fingers missed it by inches , and he threw himself toward his fallen sword .
tr	O	Sheer dread coursed through my body but I had no chance to react .
tr	I	She has a scowl on her face and a blue ribbon that matches our team colors ties up her hair .
tr	O	Nightingale would surely never have believed any of it a year before , but he wasn 't about to dismiss anything these days .
tr	O	Her vibrant blond hair showed no signs of going gray , and she had bright blue eyes , like sapphires with the sun shining through them .
tr	O	The sun 's light illuminated the cavern to a point but he 'd need his artificial light if it moved much deeper .
tr	I	I spent the day dressed up in her clothes and our mother is sat in a deep freezer .
tr	O	I glanced back at the trees again , but he was gone .
tr	I	You had mine and I had your back .
tr	I	The ship heeled sharply , knocking Jason off his feet and at the last instant he cranked the helm to port .
tr	I	He falls backwards , and the bolt takes him between the eyes .
tr	I	Hurriedly I floated higher , closer to the ceiling , and a few flakes of ice crystallized on the windowsill nearest me .
tr	O	I saw his face scrunch up and his body tightening .
tr	I	I prayed that meant she was sending help and I could hear her fingers flying over her keyboard .
tr	O	I snagged his lower lip between my teeth and that got him going .
tr	I	She knew it was too late , but maybe Justin was trying to buy time .
tr	O	Too late , I think , but I keep it to myself .
tr	I	I flailed , my body sinking into the dark water and he let me go .
tr	O	It makes my face feel like it 's about to crack , but I give her my most winning smile .
tr	O	Olivia would never take a risk like that , but I know I could push Robin far enough if I really wanted to .
tr	I	Running would not solve this problem , but Arun felt the urge to run .
tr	O	That same voice tried to tell me that Adrian had left a taint behind ... but that was hard to believe from him .
tr	O	His arms were locked firmly around his legs and his head was slung down between his knees .
tr	I	Still , he knew the sweetness of vengeance , but he had been the huntsman before , perhaps with less magic at his back .
tr	I	Part of her just felt tired , but part of her wanted to gloat .
tr	O	Emerging from the store , the sun hit James ' face and he felt like everything was new .
tr	I	Apparently he 'd been training in secret , but no one knew what he was doing .
tr	I	There was even a rubber tree plant stuffed in the back corner where the watercooler stood , and it smelled like copy machine .
tr	I	He knew Charlotte was the cause , and he wanted to feel this way more often .
tr	O	He seemed interested in me and that interest struck something deep inside that I had not known was there .
tr	O	A couple of the guys perked up at the mention of porn , and Jimmy made an obscene gesture with the pool noodle .
tr	I	That seemed too melodramatic , but she could call 9-1-1 .
tr	O	The sun , having raced across the sky from east to west , had set and the moon was making its entrance .
tr	I	I knew I 'd better get to that report as soon as possible , but I felt okay , if a little unsteady .
tr	O	I 've got long , dark blonde hair that I don 't have to wash every day , and it still turns out nice .
tr	O	The words of greeting froze on her lips and she turned into the hallway .
tr	O	The interior was black leather , and the windows were tinted dark .
tr	I	Her eyes widened and Jenny looked around .
tr	O	In order not to arouse suspicion Natalie waited a few moments and to her great good fortune the boss arrived .
tr	I	It 's Ryan this time , and my phone rings .
tr	O	The elevator came to a stop , and before the door opened , a computerized voice announced my father 's departure .
tr	O	He wished that he had something to cover her with , but the summer months didn 't allow for much extra clothing .
tr	I	Paul noticed , and she must have stiffened slightly .
tr	O	The one before her was still standing and it opened its arms .
tr	I	Now he was close enough to touch her , and he took another step .
tr	I	For the first time ever Mrs. Hardaway moved the little restaurant light to the second terrarium , and the next day the class gathered around .
tr	O	I am alive , and I am his .
tr	I	What could I do , but it might backfire on me ?
tr	I	The man told her that it was at a considerable distance , and Elizabeth told the driver they wished to go to Potok .
tr	I	His body gave way , all owing him to fal against his father , and Jared choked .
tr	O	Jacob put a hand on the small of my back and I shivered , turning red for a whole different reason .
tr	O	The window cracked , and flame raced inside .
tr	O	It didn 't register , and Jamie could tell .
tr	O	An owl hooted , and Rema jumped .
tr	I	I had a few leads , but granted , there wasn 't much to go on .
tr	O	You 're like my own child , bless you , Kor -- and you 're damned smart , too .
tr	I	I guess she had her reasons , but always angry that woman was .
tr	O	Just as he was wondering why Drake was taking so long , he heard a strangled cry , and a guard toppled down the platform steps .
tr	I	Kelsey didn 't much care , but Aaron walked off in a huff .
tr	I	At least it wasn 't sharp , but well , the chin was pointed .
tr	O	I halfway expected a specter of Lil to hover in the middle of the room , but she didn 't .
tr	I	My father indicated his impatience , but I was deeply moved by this .
tr	O	The room was dimly lit by flickering candles and everyone was dressed in their coven uniform .
tr	I	I automatically backed up until I hit the wall , and a few attendees turned their heads in my direction .
tr	I	He feels just so familiar but we barely know each other .
tr	I	His mother had told him it wasn 't , but it might have been the same airlock that killed his father .
tr	I	She disappeared around the counter , and he handed it to her .
tr	O	He strode forward , but the old man was gone .
tr	I	There was an edge to it , but he smiled again .
tr	I	Manfred thought about his replies carefully , and responding to these took quite a bit longer .
tr	O	Rachel 's apartment was on the second floor , and she hit the stairs leading up to that level at a near run .
tr	I	Dormer collapsed to the ground and the energy faded .
tr	O	Her low cut prostitute costume left little to the imagination , and she bent down to show him even more .
tr	O	It tore my mother apart , and it broke my heart .
tr	O	It only takes me a minute to fluff my hair in the mirror and swipe on some of my favorite NARS lip gloss in a peachy shade .
tr	I	He realized he was crying big , fat tears of loss , and ribbons of cold sank into his cheeks .
tr	I	Whoever was looking in couldn 't get to them without coming up the stairs , but then he could see out .
tr	O	It was irrational but I became suspicious .
tr	I	Other men were handsome , too , but he was handsome , dangerously so .
tr	O	Kathy looked at her two minders and they looked back with bemused faces .
tr	O	I 'd been in no real danger - not with a ghost that minor - but it had beaten me up more than it should have .
tr	I	You will meet a most agonizing end and leave the city limits of Paris .
tr	O	Larissa stared up at Cage smiling but she didn 't agree to anything .
tr	I	I really wanted to find out , but I had no idea what he was up to .
tr	I	I don 't want you afraid to try again , and your ex-wife did a number on you , son .
tr	I	I took my hand from her mouth , and Bianca started struggling against my hold .
tr	O	I called her cell phone three times , but it went directly to voicemail .
tr	I	Hanna touched the small of her back , but Emily stepped forward to go after him .
tr	I	When she came closer to him , he began backing away , but his grin remained in place as he rubbed the side of his jaw .
tr	O	Stewart 's trying to bury you , too , and if you give him an excuse he 'll do it .
tr	I	His muscles ached and he was tired .
tr	I	I won 't forget him , and he was my first love .
tr	I	Neither had they , and I 'd never mentioned the commission change .
tr	O	Like I said before , that deep something was there , I could feel it pulsing inside me , but now it was rising .
tr	I	He lowered his voice when he spoke , and Kelly stepped forward , close to Nick .
tr	O	Truthfully , I was running out of energy , but I didn 't want Tory to know that .
tr	I	The young girl sighed with relief and I chuckled .
tr	O	Crisp white cotton gloves covered her hands , and a feathered hat perched on top of the pile of hair on her head .
tr	O	Look , I don 't know if I 've helped , but I don 't want to talk about them any more .
tr	O	Her cell phone began to ring and she quickly answered it , seeing that it was Alexander .
tr	I	I was willing to try anything , but maybe it was too late .
tr	O	Laura was pretty much the opposite of Jill , but he could see what Dylan saw in her .
tr	O	He took an eyepiece from the countertop and he screwed it into his eye .
tr	I	She lifted a hand in careful greeting , but she looked startled to see us .
tr	O	He knew he 'd screwed up and he was scrambling to cover .
tr	O	It was a stampede as every man and half the women made a dash for the ballroom doors .
tr	O	He kneels to unbutton her jeans , and she knows that Zion is watching this .
tr	O	His strong arms folded her in and his warmth filled her with hope .
tr	I	It appeared I was going to begin the Game of Thrones series and I downloaded Hopeless by Colleen Hoover on his e-reader for him .
tr	I	I had to do everything the other helpers did , and Mrs. Meyer told me that I was not their family , only their helper .
tr	I	The flesh of animals that had been killed was wholly repugnant to me , but vegetables were not so bad , although my body immediately rejected them .
tr	I	She lifted her hands to press them against his chest and her voice was now slightly desperate , definitely tinged with panic .
tr	I	He felt a cold patch on the back of his head where it had connected with the floor and his eyes wouldn 't focus .
tr	O	He pointed the blade at her face and she cringed as the tip got closer .
tr	O	A knowing chuckle reverberated at my back , and he held me close .
tr	I	The sight of you may make him violent , and you 're not his favorite person right now .
tr	O	The line about how without Skye he would die makes me want to laugh , but I manage to hold it in .
tr	I	Another part of her mind listens close to hear what the words are , and it 's a whisper , even to herself .
tr	O	Lightning struck in the forest beyond , and thunder rolled over the plain toward them .
tr	I	The thing kept sticking to his flight suit , but he 'd flung it away more than once .
tr	O	He had to have known what it meant to her , and he surely knew she would not want to lose David .
tr	O	I feel a new tension in him and I 'm not surprised .
tr	O	Most of them are undoubtedly untrue , but they cling to her , nonetheless .
tr	I	I sense her next move before she makes it , and she pulls my head up to her eye level .
tr	O	I could have been in Outer Mongolia and nobody would have been any the wiser .
tr	I	He didn 't want her to die , and Subject # 78 was an agreeable Subject .
tr	O	The sheriff stopped talking to the women and it became awkwardly quiet in the car .
tr	I	Even though I knew I would return , something about it felt final , and it was my last night in Eden Manor for six months .
tr	O	Her free hand shoved against his chest , but he didn 't let her go .
tr	I	There was no key , but they looked into the fountain 's pool , cast the lanterns ' light inside .
tr	I	I think the moment was catching up with Josie , and the testosterone was really starting to zap to life .
tr	I	A moment later , he settled onto the seat beside her before the fire , and she quickly forced her gaze forward when Graeme finished dressing .
tr	I	A long , bright flash of lightning struck , but it took a lot of energy from him .
tr	I	Only his grip , gone almost cruel in my hair , kept my neck from bowing , and I screamed .
tr	I	The standards of this bar have really gone downhill , but I 've had a wonderful time chatting with you all .
tr	I	Beth moved towards the one vacant chair and Lucy sat down again behind her terminal .
tr	O	It sounded like a casual question , but Sarah knew that it wasn 't .
tr	O	It had been such a short kiss , but that small moment had revealed so much .
tr	O	I still couldn 't see enough detail to make out people , but I was sure I saw movement under the glow of lights .
tr	O	Jude waved it off , but he couldn 't hide from me how much my mom 's words had cut him .
tr	O	My mother never talked about it , and I figured she had her reasons .
tr	O	She wasn 't finished , however , and she pressed her hands against his chest to lift herself which he allowed .
tr	I	It sounded like she was arguing and she spoke extremely fast .
tr	I	My body wasn 't having any of it , but I tried sitting up .
tr	I	Shifter DNA is another matter , isn 't it , but I know vampire DNA will destroy a human if they 're not turned ?
tr	O	It took an additional three months , but eventually , he did have all of me .
tr	I	Daylight hurt her eyes , and being inside buildings made her feel trapped .
tr	I	He tucked her hair behind her ear , and his lips twitched .
tr	I	Lisa looked confused , and the doorbell chimed from downstairs .
tr	I	She felt the tension drain out of him , and he sighed .
tr	I	He pulled me down to him and tender hands flattened on my back .
tr	O	I thought about it , and I acted like a complete jerk .
tr	O	I answered , and she joined me in the bathroom .
tr	O	I was trying not to analyse it too much , but I didn 't like the sound of it at all .
tr	I	She expelled a frustrated sigh and Sibyl returned to her defeated position of head in hand .
tr	O	My body feels trampled and my thighs burn as though fire is being rubbed between them .
tr	I	She 'd never felt so much emotion pulsating through his music , but Max usually played with consummate skill , making a piano sing .
tr	O	His voice broke into my thoughts and I glanced up at him confused .
tr	I	I know that look well and Sophie 's eyes glow .
tr	O	I came back later , and no one knew me .
tr	O	He told me all he knew about the school , and I ate up his description of my future home .
tr	O	My mind points out and I feel guilty for breaking my word .
tr	O	Realization dawned on Clarissa 's face , yet she stood by Henri 's side .
tr	I	There was something else he needed to know , but Mad Dog knew he should let the conversation die its uncomfortable death right there .
tr	I	He caught her to him to prevent her from falling and when his mouth closed around one nipple , her knees buckled .
tr	O	They trusted him implicitly , and he had earned that trust the hard way .
tr	O	Everyone laughs again , and I 'm not sure why .
tr	I	She found herself recalling the way he 'd been with the toddlers at the beach the day before , and he never raised his voice .
tr	I	I 'll run a power line through one of the hoses and it 'll be attached to the trailer via hoses to share the same atmosphere .
tr	I	I sensed his distress wasn 't one to laugh off , yet that wasn 't what I had expected him to say .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to say my husband was dead , and then I shut it .
tr	I	It puts everything in perspective , and it 's amazing , humbling .
tr	I	I was pretty sure I had escaped any damage , but it burned .
tr	I	He groaned and the pull went straight to his already swelled erection .
tr	I	They knew to keep the object in place until medical could see where it landed , and the bleeding was minimal .
tr	I	His eyes suddenly landed on me , and Chase looked out in the crowd .
tr	I	The circle slowly parted , but there was some grumbling .
tr	I	A television was on a table in front of it and a small bed was against the wall .
tr	I	She was right , and she was looking at me like she had found out my little secret .
tr	O	He 'd never really cared enough to notice such things before , but he noticed everything now , knowing it was his last chance to do so .
tr	O	Sleeping with Sebastian wasn 't a conflict of interest , but it wasn 't very professional .
tr	I	I wrap my arm around her and she settles in , turning her face into my chest .
tr	I	Ferocious sculptures of exotic beasts adorned every building , and tall spires of white marble tickled the clouds .
tr	I	Not before he saw her cheeks go crimson , but Leigh turned from him .
tr	I	I 'm informed about what my troops hear , and troops exchange tales .
tr	I	Your mother like I 've never loved another human being in my entire life and I 've loved you .
tr	I	There wasn 't going to be a whole lot for me to do while Tim was using my computer but it was already pretty clean .
tr	I	I was wrong , but I think I know what 's in store for me that evening .
tr	I	The box fell forward , part of its lid giving way , and the remaining dirt holding it in place shifted .
tr	O	We were both important , of course , with different specializations , but our authority was specific .
tr	O	Cassie nodded , but the last person she was thinking of right now was herself .
tr	I	Went straight to her room and * * * * * Anne let herself into her parents ' house .
tr	O	It was a despicable move by Klein and there was nothing Josie could do about it .
tr	O	His touch was cool , but she was melting beneath the heat flowing through her veins .
tr	I	All of them had been left on foreign ground , and Everything was wrecked .
tr	I	His ultimate victory would come when she surrendered herself to him - and this was a game .
tr	O	I knew he could blow stuff up , but he was half witch , half changer .
tr	I	They are all united when it comes to this , but as you know , the gods seldom agree on anything .
tr	I	Reuben was reserving judgment on that , but his vibrant eyes indicated a warm response to Reuben personally .
tr	I	She listened anyway but Sofia have no idea why Iris was saying those to her .
tr	I	He wanted no part of the water , but it was a little too much club .
tr	O	She didn 't really know what she was doing but it made her feel like she was preparing in some way for the fight ahead .
tr	I	He didn 't need to know that , but of course , I 'd been there .
tr	O	He didn 't say more , but I heard the unspoken question .
tr	I	I walked away from him quickly , and Logan reached over to grab my hand .
tr	O	I looked around for the attractive guy who had been watching , but he was nowhere to be seen .
tr	O	That was probably optimistic thinking , but it was possible .
tr	O	I scream , rushing forward , but then they 're on the ground , a flurry of movement I can 't untangle .
tr	O	I 'd been through so much stress , and yet , we were still perfectly healthy .
tr	I	The elderly interpreter headed straight for him and two SAS troopers held the alien firmly .
tr	I	I cocked my head , my eyes making another pass down the length of his hard body , and that smile let go .
tr	I	Then I heard the familiar chanting , and her mind was focused on them .
tr	O	The demon I 'd kicked collided with several others and they sprang apart , crashing around the hallway .
tr	I	I carefully helped him up and he did what I asked .
tr	I	I couldn 't help myself , but I felt like a toddler .
tr	O	Usually she kept the journal at home , but maybe that changed .
tr	I	You have chosen to hide it but they were all deserving knowing the truth .
tr	I	They quickly scribbled their numbers on scraps of paper , and the idea of a secret ballot was very appealing .
tr	I	They can get unmarried and a person can get married .
tr	O	She hadn 't told Sean what she 'd planned if she saw Fionn again , and she didn 't have time to tell him now .
tr	O	Nicole shouldn 't have been hypnotized by his actions , but she couldn 't look away .
tr	I	They could see him , but they couldn 't fit through the window .
tr	O	I was dreaming , and it was raining .
tr	O	Henry hadn 't married me out of love , and I 'd known that from the beginning .
tr	I	Her body simply took over , because then she was unfurling , driving forward , closing the gap , and her brain detached .
tr	O	A limo was waiting , and luckily they weren 't too far from the hospital .
tr	O	Pain radiated over my knees and I let out a sharp gasp .
tr	O	Proximity bred familiarity , and familiarity bred comfort .
tr	I	They were better , but things weren 't quite as out of control with Toby .
tr	I	He wasn 't there , but shortly after that , they had picked up his location at his apartment .
tr	O	She felt him come up behind her but she didn 't turn .
tr	I	When I looked again , the amulet had stopped glowing , and I rubbed my eyes , thinking I was seeing things .
tr	O	My wings still begged to be freed , but even without the jacket , they 'd have little room to spread out in the cramped cave .
tr	I	I kicked myself for taking so long to respond and the tears that had been shimmering in her eyes were now running down her cheeks .
tr	I	For a small moment I felt like I couldn 't breathe and the blue fire of his eyes slammed into me .
tr	O	she asked , and her tongue outlined his lips .
tr	O	They all had their burdens to bear , and that guilt motivated them to make amends now .
tr	O	Hope gushes like water through a busted dam and I realize it 's because I want it to be Trent .
tr	O	It will save lives , but you have further turned it into currency .
tr	O	Two men came with her , drawn by my sharpness , and we carried him to the tent set up away from the bodies .
tr	O	It didn 't close , but it did stop running .
tr	O	It was true , but she needed to be away from him , too .
tr	O	She was exhausted , and she was scared .
tr	I	She had to get it right and she only had one chance to turn the tables on him .
tr	I	I could definitely dress like a college student , but facial hair wasn 't an option .
tr	O	I grant there are a few bad eggs in the carton , but we 're not all awful .
tr	O	We want you in , and the house closed up .
tr	I	Chaos ensues and the calmness vanishes .
tr	O	She was older than the typical anorexic , but her personality fit the profile almost perfectly .
tr	I	She whipped around and Emma 's spine stiffened .
tr	O	She would do it to escape , but she would also do it for revenge .
tr	I	That was over now , but there 'd been talk around town about his DUI .
tr	O	Michael had no idea how strangers could help , but he didn 't care so he said nothing .
tr	O	Chris turned to Sarah at the same moment she turned to him , and they both said it at the same time .
tr	I	The insurance is cheaper with it , but Kids love nothing more than the temporary disco they get from a quick kick .
tr	I	A new boy coming in to quarterback our pathetic football team , but New students were rare enough at our little rural high school ?
tr	I	It fell in a puddle at her feet and he reached behind her , unzipped her dress .
tr	O	Sure it was owned by a charter company , but for the next three days it was his .
tr	I	Jenny nodded for him to go ahead and he made ready to unwrap the cloth .
tr	O	I smiled back , not knowing what to say , but glad he felt better .
tr	O	One time a game went to nineteen innings , and they had to finish it the next day .
tr	I	He keeps kneading his palm like he 's getting ready to punch something and he 's biting down on his bottom lip .
tr	O	He was looking straight ahead as if gathering his thoughts , but she could sense his reluctance as he went on .
tr	O	The front door swung open suddenly , and she breezed into the room .
tr	O	His smile disappeared , but he stayed quiet .
tr	I	Mine aren 't far behind , but Mason 's stop moving first .
tr	O	The memory of the earlier scene on the staircase inexplicably came flooding back to Frances , and she started slightly at the recollection .
tr	I	The new , improved version lasted all of five minutes , but the old Fiona would have shut Olivia down right away .
tr	O	A smile teased her lips , but it wasn 't a happy one , more like an acknowledgment of his words .
tr	I	They twinkled like a secret star , and her hazel eyes meet mine .
tr	O	Carolyn hesitated , and when she spoke her voice was low .
tr	O	It was a little after noon and he was flipping through a magazine when he felt a shadow wash over him .
tr	I	I let it out , a white puff of smoke rising in front of my face , and I 'd been holding my breath the whole time .
tr	I	She didn 't deny that she 'd hoped he would kill her husband , but she blanched , blinking back her tears .
tr	O	His eyes closed and his features paled .
tr	O	Or ... or I know things .
tr	O	Amma was behind me , and she didn 't say a word .
tr	O	The sound of a horn lifted through him , and he ran faster .
tr	I	There was magic inside the bar as well , but humans were packed inside the place , yes .
tr	I	It made Azalea very happy and everyone was there to see them go .
tr	O	Deja vu struck as I stared at that turtle and all of a sudden I realized I was having a memory from the past four years !
tr	O	It was wrong to flirt with Wren , but Spencer hadn 't thought it would go as far as it did .
tr	O	She gave her wallet to Cade , too , with a head pat instead of the kiss , and Rusty wrapped an arm around each of us .
tr	O	Her skin shimmered like bronze beneath the stark white dress and her feet were bare .
tr	I	Her actions told him she did , but she had said she didn 't .
tr	I	He walked towards me and his eyebrows lifted .
tr	I	He had trusted him and he 'd been deceived by the one person he thought he could trust .
tr	I	She 'd fall off and the horse could bolt .
tr	I	She could think of nothing else , but she hadn 't thought they 'd stoop to gloating over a business loss in this intensely personal situation .
tr	I	I didn 't need to , but I couldn 't see through Maddy 's eyes .
tr	O	She blinked at stacks of books and at the journal she had used as a pillow .
tr	O	The movement caused his erection to press against me , and we both froze .
tr	O	The bullet cut through Soul 's stomach , but again , Soul didn 't react .
tr	O	Tears sprang to her eyes , and her hands swatted them away .
tr	O	She didn 't answer , but he continued , anyway .
tr	O	She held my gaze a long moment , but her expression was so impassive I doubted I 'd made her think twice .
tr	I	Nothing I couldn 't handle , but I ran up some debts .
tr	O	My vision blurred and my stomach lurched .
tr	O	Dervish shouts , reaching for her - but he 's too late .
tr	I	The camp packed up and tents were taken down .
tr	O	He was sure he had known just a second ago , but now everything was foggy , forgotten .
tr	O	The dining room was on the main floor and I was seated at a table by myself .
tr	I	I needed to stay calm , but I felt my anger rising .
tr	I	She began to relax in his presence and there was no charm coming from him .
tr	O	It was the last line of defense , but William knew they couldn 't hold it .
tr	O	I hear Haymitch calling me in the distance , but he won 't find me in his condition .
tr	I	The shift of power in this form hung on the tiniest thread of thought , but I was in control .
tr	O	Each muscle had a defined curve like he worked out , but I never saw him doing anything .
tr	I	Visiting her grandmother the summer I turned fourteen and she 'd been three years older than me .
tr	I	That 's when Ali said we had to move , and I wiped the tears that were about to burst from my eyes with my sweaty hands .
tr	I	This wasn 't love , and he wasn 't Simon .
tr	I	It felt like an acceptable question to ask , but I didn 't know any of the dance clubs .
tr	I	Their displeasure was more because of Jeff than anything he had done , but Willy had tried his best to please the customers .
tr	I	Actually it was worse , but you would think that the light would make the woods less creepy .
tr	O	The techies were able to recover very little , but what they did get is intriguing .
tr	O	You hadn 't told her , and I made you tell me .
tr	I	His funny , homely face lit up , his almost iridescent blue eyes sparkling and he grinned .
tr	O	He rushes back into darkness , into hiding , but he does not stop .
tr	O	I wish I could let the comment go , but I can 't .
tr	I	Rachel sat there , feeling tipsy , happily singing to the music on the radio , but the back seat was jammed full .
tr	O	He 'd been standing beside Julie since she 'd come back into the salon , and Julie ran her hand along his back .
tr	O	I took my medication daily , and I never skipped a dose .
tr	O	Her husband has found her and her worst fears are coming true .
tr	O	Apparently he threw dishes at the wall , and the neighbors didn 't appreciate the noise .
tr	I	His eyes darkened with uncertainty , and his brows pulled together .
tr	O	She was merely a shell of her former self , and she didn 't like who she 'd become .
tr	I	To them it was important , but he didn 't care about that .
tr	I	She was able to work it up and she wiggled the section of wood until it gave a raucous screech .
tr	I	His lips were cracked and his skin was pale .
tr	I	He lowered himself down on top of me , and his hand reached down to my hips .
tr	I	He said he couldn 't teach me but I asked him how he did it .
tr	I	Stalker camped out nearby , and I was used to Fade , Tegan .
tr	I	It didn 't , but I waited for my head to hurt .
tr	O	I was sinking down into the earth and my mouth was filling up with sand .
tr	O	His voice lowered , and his accent dropped .
tr	I	I reflexively looked up to see a dark figure , eyes piercing my heart and the scent of roses filled my nostrils .
tr	I	His eyes never left mine but he nodded as if answering a question .
tr	O	Some snow still lingered in the higher elevations , but elsewhere there was evidence that spring was on its way .
tr	I	My blood pressure shot up a bit and I was a bit upset after the fall .
tr	O	His skin continued to crawl and he hoped it didn 't give him away .
tr	I	Having a hot bath and remember my experiments with the RTG ?
tr	I	She shucked off the red-hot shame , but the words threatened to lodge in her chest , refusing to come out .
tr	O	He 'd nearly made that mistake years ago , and he 'd steered clear of it ever since .
tr	I	She 's always gone along with what Grandpa decides , but there 's a hint of sadness in her voice .
tr	O	My body eventually started to warm , in turn warming his body , and his shaking slowed .
tr	I	It came out sounding more biting but I tried to say it calmly .
tr	I	She slammed the door behind him and he quickly departed .
tr	I	Somehow I found myself there , but I don 't remember walking back to Gloria 's room .
tr	O	The sun was probably setting , but it could have been caused by the darkness of the storm clouds blocking out the sun .
tr	O	Tabitha 's breathing stuttered and she flushed red .
tr	O	He raises the torch high but it 's starting to die .
tr	O	Daddy left us because he was sick , and it was his time to be with the angels .
tr	O	My phone dings again , and I look toward it .
tr	I	The primitive fever had melted into a river of desire that turned her bones to water and he kissed her until her head was spinning .
tr	I	It didn 't matter to him , but they couldn 't hear him .
tr	I	The principal would be under clear instructions to alert them and the security would be waiting .
tr	I	She opened her mouth to accept his offering , and then he moved it toward her .
tr	I	Now he was connected to the case through other means , and this man knew about the victims .
tr	I	I kept and he had least had the decency to ignore the close quarters Helen .
tr	I	Then the nurse , mercifully , returned , but Amanda Beyer started to lung forward .
tr	O	The woman raised her eyebrows and I gave her the inscription .
tr	I	The last thing Emily wanted was to keep yet another secret from someone , and this wasn 't a way to start a friendship .
tr	I	It went on for a very long time , but there was only the ever-changing now .
tr	I	I was the one that spoke to him the most and I grunted a few words at him ?
tr	O	We don 't attack until we have an opportunity to win this or she forces us to act .
tr	I	She could always be counted on to insert logic into a situation , but tess may look like the cliched blonde that jokes were modeled after .
tr	I	I stifled a groan , and I hate group projects .
tr	O	I don 't think anyone else does either , but we are free of living under siege .
tr	O	Dale just couldn 't have killed anyone and Mike had no right to accuse him .
tr	I	I liked her madly , and now I had no desire to pretend we 'd ever be in love .
tr	I	She 'd only checked in with him once and she supposed she couldn 't blame him since she 'd been deliberately vague on her sudden trip .
tr	I	A slow trust had begun to build between us , and I 'd come to expect him just as much as he seemed to expect me .
tr	I	We just stood there silently , gazing at the word Imagine , and I rested my head against his chest , my arm around his waist .
tr	O	For a short time they 'll be fed , but Widow 's Trials only last a few weeks .
tr	O	Bobby turned sharply through many uncontrolled intersections and in no time they were in a heavily unknown part of town .
tr	O	A few of them were broken , and a deep purple bruise formed at the sight , suggesting internal bleeding .
tr	O	Others would play with her , cry in her arms , sit long nights with her ... but Pyotr knew a truth that morning .
tr	O	They were a public icon and Caroline was a part of it .
tr	I	A bottle of wine stood waiting for our arrival and candles flickered on the table .
tr	I	You 'll look sexy as hell driving it , and you do belong in a car like this .
tr	O	Callum shifted , his clothes ripping , and he launched himself at Sean .
tr	I	His grip on Benjy 's shoulder tightened , and Knox didn 't meet my eye .
tr	I	Once you sliced it with a sharp knife , it fell into pieces but there were layers upon layers like an onion .
tr	O	My heart leaped into my throat and I nearly jumped out of my skin .
tr	I	Call me Kyle , but I am a Sheriff 's Deputy .
tr	I	His lips cocked , and Hudson 's ears perked .
tr	O	His fingers gave a sharp tug and she was naked , open for his touch .
tr	O	The sheriff didn 't know what to think , and a moment later , he left them alone .
tr	I	Sadie began to bark and Rodney stepped from behind a tree .
tr	O	Cole looked at me for some sort of explanation and I shrugged .
tr	I	Jacques smiles shyly , and Cheers go up .
tr	O	It would be best for all if Frederick was not a candidate for the throne , but Leopold knew that was impossible .
tr	I	She stayed awake for hours , deep into the night , and her heart raced .
tr	I	Her long nails were painted in a variety of glittering colors , and each graceful finger wore a ring .
tr	I	Sweat immediately dampened her brow , and the heat hit her like a furnace blast .
tr	I	Her voice grew clipped , and she 'd begun to turn red .
tr	I	It worsened , but Franz thought his malaise would subside when the church service started .
tr	O	She was willing to give him almost anything , and the truth was easy to give .
tr	I	He has some cuts on his face and his skin is covered in black soot .
tr	O	His nose picked up the sudden spike in her arousal and he stepped closer to her , closing the small gap between them .
tr	I	He reached behind me to tangle his fingers in the long strands of my hair , and I let my head fall back .
tr	O	I sang it the way we 'd rehearsed , of course , with the sexual longing intact , but something was missing .
tr	I	She really did not know where their relationship stood , and it was complicated .
tr	I	I hurried out of Lei 's office to answer it , and my desk phone started ringing .
tr	O	Roger generally remembered to nod when there was a break in these conversations but he had a terrible time paying much more attention than that .
tr	I	He pushed my hand away , but I repeated his name , trying to touch him .
tr	I	He wasn 't looking at the painting , but he stared at a Monet again .
tr	O	She could tell he was partly joking , but she wanted to be sure he knew what he was doing .
tr	I	I surely knew what that meant and I felt a little pressure in my head .
tr	O	I planned to wrap them , but the illustrations caught my eye .
tr	I	I was starving , but it hadn 't been awhile since I had eaten something .
tr	I	It was to save his sister , and he 'd made his choice .
tr	O	She downed her glass of wine pretty fast after the shots and I could tell she was feeling it .
tr	O	I know I have made enemies doing the work I do , but none of them would ever be so personal in their revenge .
tr	O	Climbing onto her knees , she tried to get a better view , but the white mist was too thick , concealing the mystery beneath it .
tr	O	I haven 't talked about everything yet , but I 'm sure I 'll get there .
tr	I	McKay 's an entirely different proposition , but I could see him shooting Barrett .
tr	I	He peered over and I told him what was down there .
tr	I	Neither would she and he wouldn 't be standing here right now .
tr	I	The waitress appeared , and he raised his hand .
tr	I	The young woman steps out into a dimly lit corridor and the elevator door slides silently away .
tr	O	Phil was the last and he complained all the way down .
tr	O	David wasn 't sure she was completely coherent , but he wasn 't about to question her here .
tr	O	He looked about Tommy 's age , but he wore a gray three-piece suit .
tr	I	Her shoulders quickly slumped again , but Cornelia 's eyes perked up at motion far down one end of the road .
tr	O	She 's a grown woman , and he 's a good guy .
tr	I	There was no point but I tried to say .
tr	O	I felt like backing away , but I held my ground .
tr	I	Sarah could not think of anything further to say that would not make things worse , and several long moments passed .
tr	O	They march off into the elevator , and I slam the door in their wake .
tr	I	Me too small and he seemed too big .
tr	I	When she turned around , she looked more upset than surprised , but Isabelle 's shoulders tightened .
tr	I	It might make a hell of an interesting hobby , but it 'll never replace dishwashing as a satisfying career .
tr	O	His thumb was making little circles on my hand and it was making it hard for me to think .
tr	I	I 'd hate to see that happen , and little parties could end that for you .
tr	O	Out of desperation she jumped at this offer of help , and she agreed to stay for a couple of months in their clinic .
tr	O	This made it much more exciting and everyone enjoyed it .
tr	O	He reached for her but she shrugged him off .
tr	O	Fate is that the sun is going to set and we will be in the dark .
tr	I	I relaxed into the rightness of being with him and the water streamed off his beautiful , tanned body .
tr	I	That 's harder than it sounds , but I 'm working to recruit more .
tr	I	A fourth smaller corridor tunneled through the rock , and the thoroughfare opened out into three major corridors .
tr	O	Oberon had sent Puck to fetch me back , and I 'd convinced him to help me instead .
tr	I	It had been friendly and they 'd been talking about his mom .
tr	O	They must ... Or they will never come home .
tr	O	I 'm okay and I 'm here .
tr	O	Cold air clashed against my heated cheeks , and I gripped my hair in my fists .
tr	O	Delicious warmth spread across her chest and she answered his smile with a wide grin .
tr	I	I ease on the brake until I stop , and Chapter 5 The light turns red .
tr	O	She helped him to his feet and they walked back to the truck .
tr	O	It seems like it has a deep back at first , but when I walk further inside , I realize that it 's actually quiet shallow .
tr	O	The doors opened and she shivered again in fear .
tr	O	He was not bound , but for the moment , he had no options .
tr	I	Dawson quickly gave her directions , and she hadn 't .
tr	O	You do good work , but we 're just not on the same path , that 's all .
tr	O	They had fought together in battles before and Fen wasn 't about to let him get cut down from behind .
tr	I	It used to be alive , and there was a body here , a body .
tr	I	She was stunned by the finality in his voice , but it was the answer she had expected .
tr	O	Her eyes were light blue , and she had a stare like a laser .
tr	O	Mat waited , leaning against the door as a wagon rolled up , and men from inside the tavern began rolling casks of ale onto its bed .
tr	O	I loved how she touched me , but I couldn 't risk going further .
tr	O	Dee threw back her right elbow until it connected with Piet 's chin , and he went down .
tr	O	He looked at me , raising an eyebrow , and then wiped away the wet hair plastered on his forehead .
tr	I	We behaved as if it wasn 't but of course we knew it was changing .
tr	O	A handful of chips are tossed on the plate as well and there is a small dollop of ketchup sitting beside them .
tr	I	Instinctively I knew what he was saying to the boy he wrestled , but a child shouted in a language I didn 't understand .
tr	I	She strung him along anyway to see what he wanted , but she knew immediately the guy was faking .
tr	O	They started down the stairs and Tom slowed his pace slightly .
tr	I	I can see the clinic room , but it 's hazy at first .
tr	O	He tried to sound sympathetic , but the words came out harshly anyway .
tr	I	I forced myself to rein in my temper , and then my gaze flicked to the crumbled stone in front of me .
tr	O	What we have secured currently is great , but it won 't buy what we need .
tr	O	I tried to explain but he was too mad .
tr	I	The stars wink at me lazily , and I cradle it , enchanted .
tr	O	She felt his fingers probing , stroking her tender flesh , and all her blood seemed to rush boiling to her head .
tr	I	As he uttered the words , he felt they were true , but Ryland would have said anything to take away her pain .
tr	I	Three days later I flew to California to see my sister , and I was being pulled by the feelings I had for my other family .
tr	I	I winced and sharp , slicing pain erupted behind my eyes .
tr	I	Her pleas evaporated , but she cried out .
tr	O	I can 't stop you but I don 't have to .
tr	I	The man was too strong but Colton tried to twist the guard 's wrist as he slid across the floor .
tr	O	It was then it occurred to me that his hand was cupping my face but he wasn 't forcing me to do what he wished .
tr	I	Then nobody else did , either , but he didn 't have a thing to be ashamed of .
tr	I	He sat down again , and she left .
tr	O	He left me there with King , and I heard the iron gate close .
tr	I	She hits the wall , and I move him quickly .
tr	O	Jared 's smile faded , and he gritted his teeth .
tr	O	The car sputtered , and the engine turned over .
tr	I	I heard her return to frantically texting and Evangeline perked up .
tr	I	She was grateful for it and she needed his hypothetical support .
tr	I	John 's body relaxed and the pain ceased .
tr	O	Embedded in the stone was a form that in an earth specimen might be considered commonplace , and yet in a meteorite was utterly inconceivable .
tr	I	He needs help , and he 's here .
tr	O	He takes off his hat to reveal his perfectly shaped hair , and in his hat , an envelope lays .
tr	O	I was probably late for the service , but I didn 't care .
tr	I	He pointed up to where a bow of mistletoe hung , and lifting her back to her feet , she shot him a look of disappointment .
tr	I	She was nervous sitting there , with his eyes roaming all over her body and they had never made love with her on top before .
tr	O	I will need to consult my books , but yes I believe it 's their symbol .
tr	O	Lea slid up the stairs , and the others follow behind her .
tr	O	At long last it was time for lunch , and I made my way over to the cafeteria .
tr	I	She spat thin , gravelly soil from her mouth and rough stones tore at her jeans .
tr	I	I 've known him half my life and I 've worked there for two years .
tr	I	She could still see the sneer on Alex 's face , but she wanted to say how proud she was of her .
tr	O	He said something was wrong with Logan and he didn 't know what to do .
tr	I	He takes it to heart , and Vengeance is a serious business .
tr	O	If God truly sided with the righteous , her clan would win the day and she would return home with her husband .
tr	O	I 've read about it too , not to that extent , but I have to agree with a lot of what you said .
tr	O	The glimpse wasn 't provocative , but struck me as something I wasn 't supposed to see .
tr	I	I remembered what my father always told me , and my heart pounding , I mentally scrambled for a logical explanation .
tr	I	He could take his full slice home for later , and she made a deal with Hank to share hers .
tr	O	Instead of blond , his hair was platinum : the same shade as Manfred 's , but the newcomer 's hair was natural .
tr	I	I don 't trust him and I don 't like him .
tr	I	There were no more tears , but her sadness grew heavier suddenly .
tr	I	She turned her head to the jury and Frau Engel cleared her throat .
tr	O	Your grandmother is good at a lot of things , but she doesn 't belong on this kind of mission .
tr	O	The Underworld opened up , and the demon dissolved back to his domain , unable to fight my strength .
tr	I	He stepped away with her but he looked a bit annoyed .
tr	O	She didn 't want them to stop , yet she feared burning alive if they didn 't .
tr	O	When Rita suggested a shared activity , she picked up the tab and when Ted extended an invitation , he paid .
tr	O	Wendell may not have cared what happened to them , but I sure did .
tr	O	Tears ran down her cheeks and she sniffled .
tr	O	When I got to my car , I got in and I headed to the police station .
tr	I	It wasn , t the woods of Mendocino , but he saw a dark woods .
tr	I	He had to check the program , but he couldn 't keep the appointment now .
tr	O	In truth the outside was of no interest to anyone , but inside were all the accessories Brick needed to achieve comfort beyond expression .
tr	I	The wind had picked up quite a bit and it had grown much colder .
tr	I	They didn 't pay any attention but Sounds of battle carried on around them .
tr	I	She stepped back off the stage and he stepped up to the mike .
tr	O	Ezio tried to reload , but the soldiers were already making their way back toward the rafts .
tr	I	Both can be used for defense , and both can be used for offense .
tr	O	Inside , there were no windows , but despite that it was not dark .
tr	I	She hid her anger well , but Jennifer was angry .
tr	O	It wouldn 't get rid of her follower , but it could give her some breathing space .
tr	O	Donovan had gone crazy and his brothers hadn 't been able to control him .
tr	O	She 's letting me in , and she 's never done that before .
tr	O	I need more surface area for farming , and I need water to hydrate the soil .
tr	O	I don 't know how you do it , but you always draw me into the story from page one .
tr	O	It was plain some of these books were printed , and some were not .
tr	I	His need to work the spell overrode it , but his self-loathing filled him again .
tr	O	He seemed quite uncomfortable , and Sarah wondered what disturbed him so .
tr	O	She was sound asleep , but that didn 't matter .
tr	O	I love your brothers dearly , but you will always hold more of my heart than anyone else .
tr	O	I leaned back against the pil ows and Seth closed his eyes once more .
tr	I	I fought an urge to jump back and Mad Rogan 's magic brushed against me .
tr	I	We had a long day tomorrow and it had been a long night .
tr	I	He knew her better than that , but Seth would 've thought she did it to show off .
tr	O	His body clenched tight , like he 'd just taken a punch , but he continued to stare at her without blinking .
tr	I	It was true but it was insane .
tr	I	That was a crime , and to remain silent was to hinder prosecution .
tr	O	His movements are fluid and his attacks are strong .
tr	I	That was terribly inconvenient , and a full moon over a snow-covered landscape really puts out a lot of light .
tr	O	Just as I felt my stomach clench with the start of my release , her hand let go of me and her other hand stilled my hips .
tr	I	Instead I had doctors picking me apart , but I wanted to die that day .
tr	O	This is not a toy and you must never mess around with Hex Lotion .
tr	I	He seemed confused and someone standing their ground in front of him was something new .
tr	O	Afternoon was ending and evening was approaching .
tr	O	It was weird , but it was relieving .
tr	I	The top of her head was a frizzy mess , and her hair hung across her shoulders in big curls .
tr	I	The man is a bore , but he might look like Declan .
tr	O	Jennings is sitting in Brixton Prison and Tony Wei is in a safe house .
tr	O	She would flirt with anyone , but she belonged to no one .
tr	I	She was starving and at the very least she 'd get fed .
tr	O	Not being a saloon historian I had no idea how accurate they were , but I was in a funny mood .
tr	I	It 's so sexy , and he has one-day stubble on his jawline .
tr	O	Lucius hadn 't made it for a meal , and he was uncertain at which table he should sit .
tr	O	I 've tried to explain that to my trees , but they just won 't listen .
tr	I	I was suddenly glad for more than one reason that he had laid his claim on me , and I was still in his arms .
tr	O	Hart had taught Eleanor pleasures she had never heard of , and she knew he 'd only touched upon his vast knowledge .
tr	O	She 'd even tried curling up on the couch , but thinking about their lovemaking on the soft cushions only made her miss him more .
tr	O	One was for girlfriends and one was for boyfriends .
tr	I	I hear a noise and he opens his mouth .
tr	I	That made him nervous and reports were sketchy about an armored brigade arriving .
tr	O	The transformations were slightly painful , but the exhilaration of running through the woods was worth it .
tr	I	The precious minutes in between would be like a lifetime , but someone would have been sent to gather our full forces .
tr	O	He seemed delighted , and Ellie was glad that she had invited him over that evening .
tr	O	Maybe that 's all it would take and Caroline could get on with her life .
tr	I	What writer doesn 't , but she has some cats ?
tr	O	Jack worked far too many hours , but nothing Olivia said convinced him to delegate some of his tasks .
tr	O	Even Isaac tenses up next to me , but nothing can compare to the rigidity of Nathan 's body .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure where he was , but the air moved a little .
tr	I	Uriel ´ s just sitting there and I look over to my left .
tr	O	Sloane knew there was a message in there somewhere , but she was too woozy to figure out what .
tr	I	He doesn 't pick up , but I try calling his cell .
tr	O	I know he has given you a rough time , but I can 't bear the thought of him being without family .
tr	O	There was a few ways a meeting could go with Michael and none of them were appealing .
tr	O	He joined me on the floor , and our knees touched .
tr	O	Everyone says they hate hearing bubble wrap being popped , but everyone still does it , so in keeping with tradition I popped a couple bubbles myself .
tr	O	Her body burned like a little furnace in the bed , and being near her warmth was comfortable .
tr	O	My mouth fell open , and I laughed a little too loud .
tr	O	He wanted to say something , anything , to erase the wounded look from her eyes , but his mouth was too dry .
tr	I	Her head jerked as she looked right at me and her mouth dropped open .
tr	O	I hugged him again , and he sank against me like he was exhausted .
tr	I	It made for a fairly heady aphrodisiac and mix that fire with her sheer vulnerability to him .
tr	O	Her little hands gripped the bed sheets by her hips and her arms trembled .
tr	O	I had only one week left in which to make my escape , and I might have spent that week recovering from a flogging .
tr	O	His eyes went distant , and he smiled very faintly .
tr	I	I began to worry and there was a mean streak in them .
tr	O	The panther 's shoulders came all the way up to my waist , and it was longer than I was tall .
tr	I	He 'd never let her get away from him , and if Rachel slept with him now , he 'd assume he 'd won .
tr	I	Then a lace parasol standing behind the mirror , and Ellie found kid gloves in a drawer next to the women 's clothes .
tr	I	He quickly recovered but Beale 's eyes bugged out a bit .
tr	I	Virgil fired , anyway , but Horse cried when he realized what Virgil was about to do .
tr	I	You don 't get the maps or I 'm going .
tr	I	The sight made me laugh and she looked like the typical cliche popular girl .
tr	O	The X-ray slid through the floor and I held it out to Sean .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed a bit as he looked me over , and my voice was a little panicked when I said that .
tr	O	Things had gone terribly wrong for P.J. on a mission , and she 'd walked away in the emotional aftermath .
tr	I	Therefore , they don 't qualify to live in the Inner Circle , and these are people like yourself who don 't quite qualify for Hell .
tr	I	She had been having a different dream - but she tried to make it a dream .
tr	O	She tried to empty her mind , but it wasn 't possible .
tr	I	It might not mean survival , but being captured was one way to get into the castle .
tr	O	Doubt was clearly departing and she awaited his explanation .
tr	O	I waited for him to ask me if it was cool , and I didn 't know what I would say .
tr	I	She couldn 't help it , but she knew it was rude .
tr	I	He would not be ignored , but I ended the phone call , refusing to acknowledge William 's presence one foot away from me .
tr	I	I took off , and Instinct kicked in .
tr	I	She nestled against him , and slowly her resistance melted .
tr	I	Daniel knew he would come up short , and Smith had just thrown up a Hail Mary pass .
tr	O	Maybe she was being obtuse , but she didn 't understand what he was saying .
tr	I	I drew back slightly , and the hair piled high on her head whacked me in the mouth .
tr	O	Ian 's face was a pale smudge in the darkness , but Hart could see little beyond that .
tr	O	I thought for a second , and it was gone .
tr	I	She shook tears from her eyes , and a shuddering wave of loss shot through her .
tr	O	He took another big sip of his coffee and I smiled .
tr	I	He counted the numbers and Roger was now back in charge of the platoon once more .
tr	O	I wanted to be prepared for the worst scenario , but I didn 't even know what it could be .
tr	I	Skylar grunted as he lost his footing and they strode purposefully outside .
tr	I	I know that I can 't have both of them , but I wish I could have him all to myself .
tr	O	I answered the phone , but Piper started shouting before I could say hello .
tr	O	Just the suggestion that you might have betrayed me sent me into a flat spin , and I couldn 't pull out of it .
tr	I	He could commit to saving as many people as possible , but he couldn 't change the past .
tr	I	Liam gave me a look , and my cell phone rang then .
tr	O	I got paid to pedal , and that was it .
tr	O	There was probably a hotplate in the seat , and it had taken some time to warm up .
tr	I	He 's wrong , and nothing could be further from the truth .
tr	O	She tensed , and her hands flattened against his chest as if she would try to shove him off .
tr	I	Elle was safe and Aran breathed a sigh of relief , knowing that the situation was diffused .
tr	O	I looked down at my hands , which were busy rinsing out a beer mug , and I could feel my cheeks burning .
tr	O	We had entered the mine through one tunnel , but we were forced to exit from another .
tr	O	At the touch of a button the house lit up and one of three garage doors opened .
tr	I	I couldn 't resist laughing , and I watched Brodie lunge forward only to plow into the goopy water head first .
tr	I	I just don 't know anymore , but well , Reece was my friend .
tr	I	Now they 'd caught up with him , and he 'd been avoiding the cops .
tr	O	Wardens sometimes joked that you could put a scarecrow in a Warden 's armor , and every garrison for a hundred miles around would burst with pride .
tr	I	We will not take it for granted and that chance is finally in our grasp .
tr	O	It takes a lot , but I jerk from his arms .
tr	O	There was a gap next to it , and Rollo explained .
tr	O	A hundred retorts sprang to her lips , but she fought them back with an effort .
tr	O	she asked , trying to pull her hand out of his but he held hers firmly , not allowing her to pull away .
tr	I	They refrained from immediately shooting , but rifles pointed .
tr	O	I had a minor pang of embarrassment , but I took comfort in his note .
tr	I	She had been his best friend , but they had only been children .
tr	O	Tuck went to P.E. and I went to Algebra .
tr	I	She set her sights on finishing the job the mealy-mouthed ministers had only started and the taxation protest was immediately put on hold .
tr	O	He 'd recovered from his flu , but he had something on his mind .
tr	O	He hadn 't been as quiet as he thought when he got home , and his drunken movements around the house had woken his parents up instantly .
tr	O	I can tell that he 's not going to give me a name and the way I see it , it doesn 't really matter .
tr	I	He doesn 't react but I widen my eyes at him .
tr	I	Their eyes met in the comradeship of men who have been in danger together , and he shook Frank 's hand .
tr	I	At that moment it had returned with a vengeance , but some days , my appetite seems to leave me .
tr	O	I stood under the hot water until it ran out and I started to get cold .
tr	O	I flew past her and the ground shook as I slammed onto it .
tr	O	Jack might want to abandon her , but he wouldn 't leave his boat .
tr	O	He tried to be happy , but while he recited the wedding vows , all he could think about was Victoria .
tr	I	I 'm just bombarded by humiliation and I close my eyes at night .
tr	O	A younger guy was standing there , wearing a business suit , and he was quite handsome .
tr	O	Quite obviously , I was going to need a disguise , but I was fairly sure I could find something that 'd get me by .
tr	O	The important thing is that Salina is dead , and she can 't hurt anyone else ever again .
tr	I	Now I 'm not so bad , but I used to be afraid of heights when I was younger .
tr	O	She lifted the kitten into her arms and almost immediately the kitten began to purr .
tr	I	Unsure if I could make it work , but I hesitated , seeing the unmistakable benefit .
tr	I	Her whole hand went into it , and she exerted a little more pressure .
tr	I	Everyone 's focus would be on me , and I could create absolute chaos by setting off the fireworks .
tr	I	We 'll let him have some and he 'll want to take that off you .
tr	O	We sat down and food was brought to us .
tr	O	I asked , my senses still humming from the kiss , but reality returning like a splash of cold water .
tr	O	I wanted to call him out , but first I needed to stop them from fussing over me .
tr	I	I laughed and Mitch 's excitement was contagious .
tr	O	His words were the same as moments before , but their meaning had changed fundamentally .
tr	I	Now he 's going to kill everyone I love and he got what he wanted .
tr	I	Several hit him , but most hit me .
tr	I	Below that was the head table where he 'd been dining , and his throne sat on a high pedestal .
tr	O	I knew we needed to talk , but I wanted to wait until after dinner .
tr	O	He came up for the next dance but Ruth quietly refused , saying she was tired .
tr	I	Saying it made it real , but she 'd known when she 'd left Brussels .
tr	O	Dig a little deeper though , and you realize kids view a BB gun as a stepping stone .
tr	O	I couldn 't see Toby anywhere , but I knew he wasn 't far .
tr	O	She reached out for me but I took a step back .
tr	O	He asked about you and I really felt quite uncomfortable at this point .
tr	I	I could hear Adrian 's voice , and Light spilled in from that doorway .
tr	I	She frowned , and she caught him checking out her brain pattern .
tr	I	You have a long road ahead of you and we 've only been training for a week .
tr	O	He waited , but I couldn 't loosen my tongue to say anything .
tr	I	Some things couldn 't wait for me to master my new hunger , but I had several more days of mindless feeding frenzies ahead .
tr	I	Its value couldn 't be measured in dollars , but it hadn 't been expensive .
tr	O	I allowed myself to relax , and I opened my mind to the experience .
tr	O	The spot where the one sheep had been attacked was still evident but it didn 't seem to bother the flock .
tr	I	Jan wriggled safely away and he hauled back on the towel .
tr	I	It swung a paw at her , claws out and the old woman reached down to stroke the fierce one .
tr	I	Several black feathers floated in the air and the bird rolled .
tr	I	She still didn 't resist and he pulled her even closer .
tr	O	So much of those memories were fragmented , but I was certain I 'd recall that .
tr	O	He looked into her eyes , watching her reaction carefully and he knew that she was just as interested in him as he was in her .
tr	O	Help us solve this problem and you 'll be set for life , whatever you want .
tr	I	The pain clearly showed in his eyes , but he smiled .
tr	I	I don 't care , but I know he 's searching for kind words .
tr	I	She hugged him , crying , and Kody scooped her up into his huge arms .
tr	O	She almost said no , but the truth came out .
tr	I	I heard it but then a stray thought , not meant for me .
tr	I	I can 't manage to remember the sentence I 've read a hundred times , but I can remember every detail of Levi 's outfit .
tr	I	Then was serious again , and he grinned briefly in spite of himself .
tr	I	Her eyes twinkled with sheer delight , and Scott cast her a warning glance .
tr	O	Julie imagined it full of other customers who just wanted to keep hurting her , and she started to back away .
tr	I	I finally had some breathing room , and the doors opened .
tr	I	It would be a shame to hold them down and these girls are far too intelligent for this school .
tr	O	The punishment didn 't fit the crime and he was powerless to alter its path .
tr	I	The nurse is working with the IV and Lake is sitting up on the side of the bed .
tr	O	She rushes over to Lucien instead , and I let her take over without a word .
tr	I	I smoothed wisps of soft , blond hair away from her face , and she laid her cheek against my knee .
tr	I	She recognized her mother and Kara 's eyes adjusted .
tr	I	Her mouth worked itself into a skewed smile and he put his hands on her shoulders .
tr	O	Even then she was reluctant to take her hand away , and she stood beside him for a long time .
tr	O	The rain drizzled to a halt as they left the station and within minutes they were bathed in midday sunshine .
tr	O	This wasn 't going to be good , and it was making me nervous .
tr	I	At least this time I was ready for the blow , but his hand swung out again .
tr	O	We were waging a silent war , and we both knew she was winning .
tr	I	He didn 't say much but I could tell he was upset .
tr	O	I was hesitant , but she convinced me that I needn 't be afraid .
tr	O	I swear and he tells me not to be a fool .
tr	O	His eyes raked over her , and she felt her flesh heat .
tr	O	Henry 's house was no exception and within fifteen minutes he was walking into the terminal looking for the Alaska Airlines ticket counter .
tr	I	Then I felt the power radiating from her , but I felt her flinch as our hands touched .
tr	O	I have no idea if she 'll know either , but I can at least tell her the good news .
tr	O	To the south the Khazars are busy defending the traders at the cataracts , but we know that eventually they , too , will ride north .
tr	O	He still wasn 't comfortable with that idea , but he was trying to get accustomed to it .
tr	O	Nature isn 't static , and therefore I don 't think it 's possible to ever be completely in harmony with it .
tr	O	Basha groaned , wondering if there were more robbers , but he learned it was much worse than this .
tr	O	I tried to jolly her along but her usual spark wasn 't there .
tr	O	Millions of lives depend on the outcome of this hour , and there is no time to be distracted by personal grudges .
tr	I	She hadn 't expected him to move quite this fast , but sure , they 'd been making progress , growing closer .
tr	O	His features fade and he becomes a shapeless blob though I still hear the screams .
tr	I	Righty 's horn was still missing , but Lefty 's arm had been reattached , though it hung limply at his side .
tr	I	Carlo didn 't give her a chance but Kate wanted to argue .
tr	I	The sun was bright , and it was a warm day .
tr	O	I called blood , and her wounds gushed .
tr	I	When they did this , they quickly regretted the action , but the tunnel 's mouth was big enough for them to pass through .
tr	I	I sensed we were getting closer , but my watch showed the counter had only 12 minutes remaining .
tr	O	I kept to myself , and soon my visions weren 't just spy missions .
tr	I	He looked up immediately and she cleared her throat .
tr	O	Her friend 's radiant smile faded and a worried look took its place .
tr	O	I was eighteen and Amy was fourteen .
tr	I	Daniel 's and Mary Elise forced herself not to wince at the sight of a baby that too easily could have been hers .
tr	O	Chris was working the door and we were on the list so we were able to bypass the seemingly mile long line .
tr	O	There were dozens of pairs of eyes staring at me , and suddenly I was painfully self-conscious .
tr	I	I had to look at him and I froze .
tr	O	I think I twitched when I said it , but at least I 'd come up with something .
tr	O	The shot missed , and he quickly rose to his feet .
tr	O	They planted some cabbages , but they 've all been eaten .
tr	I	I could not possibly take his room , but it was beautiful .
tr	I	It doesn 't really matter what she serves , but she 's made some sort of linguine concoction .
tr	O	He wasn 't normally a fan of tattoos , but she had some sort of tribal stuff that snaked up under her shirt sleeve .
tr	O	Guilt cut at her heart , but this was self-preservation .
tr	I	Joy soaked through her like light , but ' Now , tell me about you , ' Sara insisted , trying to be serious .
tr	I	It would have been rude to raise it , but I hate instant coffee .
tr	O	There was a radio sat next to her and she leaned over to switch it on .
tr	I	It sends birds flying from the trees crashing to the ground and she laughs .
tr	O	She only dozed , but it felt wonderful .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure what it was , but it sounded like campaign mode .
tr	I	I can 't face anyone right now but I feel guilty knowing Eddie is waiting on me .
tr	O	They weren 't allowed on the base , but hundreds , possibly thousands of reporters set up temporary shelters near the base 's front entrance .
tr	O	I stand there in the shadows , trying to figure out what to do , but it 's difficult to think .
tr	I	It 's as though they never existed , and a single keystroke , a metal door sliding shut .
tr	O	Somehow I didn 't think that was all he was getting , but there was no point in even pretending it was an option .
tr	O	The snippets of our memories were gone and I felt this emptiness in my heart .
tr	O	He laughs , and it is such a genuinely happy sound that my heart flutters to life .
tr	O	The altercation got the attention of the other Marauder on horseback , and the man named Hammer came over to see what was happening .
tr	I	The dwarf fell and he stunned him .
tr	I	He thought that they had hidden her near that spot , and he said he had killed a very tall blond girl .
tr	I	He didn 't look at me but his hand gave mine a squeeze .
tr	O	I switched the radio on just for something to distract me , but that didn 't help , I was still thinking about Jo .
tr	I	Now he had to figure out who was next on the list for the killers , but he could concentrate on these things later .
tr	I	He was doing his best to help them , but they might never know it .
tr	O	She normally took praise well , but Ryder was different .
tr	O	My eyes opened and my body started .
tr	I	I believed him but I could have been wrong .
tr	I	Chimneys rising high into the clouds , and Grand for these times , with its stucco walls made to look like stone .
tr	O	We had lost the one bright light in our lives , and there was no relief from the madness of our existence .
tr	O	Mia knew already which answer she had for him , but she knew as well that it wasn 't the proper time to say it .
tr	I	He is sitting on the ground with his back to the wall looking mighty comfortable , and she looks at him .
tr	O	I know you 're trying to anger me , but all you 've done is make me more determined .
tr	O	Relief rushed through him and tears filled his eyes .
tr	O	My eyes sting , but I blink the tears back .
tr	O	She understood , all right , and she wasn 't going to live through that again .
tr	O	My heart flutters , but Helena silences it .
tr	I	My suspicion soared , and he took a step back .
tr	I	Her heart sank when she saw it was covered with a thin grey layer of ash and she opened the door to her room .
tr	O	His well-worn ears had been a little too close to explosions throughout the last few years , but they were still first-rate .
tr	I	I knew I couldn 't run again , and it ate away at me .
tr	O	Sometimes these things happen and there are no answers .
tr	O	Dirt smeared across all of their faces , and each one was skinny .
tr	I	He told her not to worry but she offered to clear up .
tr	O	The cops were still there , but they were tired now , eyes dulled , jaws slack .
tr	I	The problem was growing and people feared walking the streets .
tr	I	Cassandra yelled again and a shout rang out from the front .
tr	O	He released one arm , and her face fell forward .
tr	I	Her grandmother wasn 't in bed , but intent on getting into a pair of sweatpants , she started toward her bedroom .
tr	O	She could smell Byron 's masculine scent and for some reason it called to her .
tr	O	Ms. Perfect followed Soren to the table and Julian stood as she stopped in front of him .
tr	I	Now we dominate the African delegation and we 've lobbied hard to get our people into strategic roles .
tr	I	Other seldom used punctuation , and he would retreat back to his world where emotions were displayed with colons , brackets .
tr	I	One of the guards said something , motioning for me to stop , but I started to tear the sleeve of the padding of my armour .
tr	I	Yet another roll call was made and an SS guard was given a list of the names of those in that group .
tr	O	Claire could almost taste the cool refreshing tang of tonic with a slice of lime , and she took a swig of water to wet her throat .
tr	O	It was a shadow , but it wasn 't mine .
tr	I	My breathing had slowed due to the cold , and the Death Walkers chill nipped at my heels .
tr	I	She played hostess to my brother 's wife and the lady of the keep directed the welcoming of my kin .
tr	I	Her mouth fell open and Silken 's eyes widened .
tr	O	Paul reaches for me slowly , careful not to scare with me with his slow movements , and he pulls me to his chest .
tr	O	Mara began as his victim , and then she made him hers .
tr	O	It was faint , but he heard it .
tr	O	I looked at him , and he gave me one of those half smiles .
tr	I	James was well into his sixth , and Teddy was on his fourth beer .
tr	O	Shivers crawled up his spine and his muscles tensed .
tr	I	Now he had his own woman to dabble with , and Peter enjoyed dabbling .
tr	I	Darkness closed in around me as eternity claimed me as her own , and at last my eyelids grew heavy .
tr	O	I 'm Logan and this lovely woman is Clare .
tr	O	Her head had been shaved because Whitney felt it would get in the way of his experiment and he needed to stick electrodes on her scalp .
tr	O	She did not want to let it go , but she was ready to accept the situation .
tr	I	It was as if they had never been , and here the tracks had been worn away , under the sun of reason .
tr	O	The easiest thing would be starting at the beginning , but I was not going to share what went down on the balcony .
tr	I	I felt his warm lips moving against mine and I felt a sensation run throughout my body .
tr	I	I was in no rush to leave the warm kitchen but looking at my phone , I knew I should be heading home .
tr	O	My hands wrapped around her arms and I tried to restrain her .
tr	I	That tower was too far but he turned to look the other way .
tr	O	The driver chuckled , and John leaned forward .
tr	I	You can struggle your way through mediocrity alone and I will wash my hands of you on the court .
tr	O	Nevertheless he did not entirely like being this alone , this utterly alone , and he really never had much liked it .
tr	O	I shouldn 't judge you , but I can 't help it .
tr	I	I have my own questions but I don 't have time for games .
tr	O	I like to think he knew , and he probably did .
tr	O	It made her nervous and she barely knew Emily .
tr	I	I had to admit , what they had said unnerved me , but I wasn 't going to let them pull me into their lies .
tr	I	Then they were all yawning , fighting sleep , and Roar yawned , then Jupiter .
tr	O	We do not spend nearly as long as I 'd like , but our wood is needed to feed the fires if we are to eat .
tr	O	Trace 's words were humorous , but Ashe recognized the gravity underneath .
tr	I	They had red eyes that glowed in the darkness and their green skin was scaly like a snake 's .
tr	I	That hadn 't diminished his desire , but his injury meant he couldn 't get an erection anymore .
tr	I	The heavy oak door swung open and the deadbolt slid back .
tr	I	She remembered how they 'd turned hard during battle , but his eyes were soft eyes when he was relaxed .
tr	O	The four travelers all lined up and Paul checked each person 's load .
tr	I	I couldn 't resist a smile when I saw Noah 's number , and my cell phone rang .
tr	I	Ian had chosen the lobster , and I had ordered the filet .
tr	I	His words were sharp glass , and then he spoke .
tr	I	She hoped that even though it was her day off , Emily would be inside and the sun was already on its way down .
tr	O	You didn 't bring money unless you were ready to spend , and that implied that more was at stake than a forged sculpture .
tr	I	He lashed out , and his anger got the better of him .
tr	O	Hatred of the French is common among Americans , and I certainly share all the reasons my countrymen do .
tr	O	A flash of swirling darkness interposed itself between us , and I saw the silver leaves of the moonlight crown .
tr	O	His moan matched mine in intensity , but he tore his mouth away .
tr	O	I knocked out one of the eyes , but the ship continued to lift slowly upward .
tr	O	The crowd had dissipated and Riley was now being entertained by one of the British guys from the expat group .
tr	O	They hadn 't paid rent in months and they were bringing undesirables into the neighborhood .
tr	I	The weight fell away , and one look from him .
tr	O	He knew within time everything would become second nature , but it was irritatingly slow at this moment .
tr	O	David was chewing his steak and I had no urge to educate these two guys for free .
tr	O	Moses nodded and Louis knew he had his general at last .
tr	O	It wasn 't one I liked , but it would get the job done .
tr	I	The women piled into the back , and Spook climbed up beside the coachman .
tr	O	Before the jump , Ted had his doubts , but he needn 't have .
tr	O	It was a stern reprimand , and she took it to heart .
tr	O	Nobody answers me and I hope they know how to fix it .
tr	O	To have and to hold from this day forth .
tr	I	She wore no makeup , which was Angel 's norm , and her thick blond hair was caught back in a ponytail .
tr	O	His gaze briefly left the road and he nodded .
tr	I	His brunette hair looks perfect along with his opalescent smile and his eyes remind me of two chocolate kisses .
tr	I	It is a steady dirge into the blinded night , and Predictability is safe .
tr	O	I could hear it in her voice that she was falling asleep , and honestly I was just as tired .
tr	I	Fiona held up a hand and we turned a sharp corner in the tunnel .
tr	I	Hedges got it under control before he actually had to help him , but he reached over to turn the steering wheel .
tr	I	Her eyes were trained directly on me but I stopped briefly to look up since Mo hadn 't started .
tr	O	It seemed like hours , but soon our hard labor had ended .
tr	I	I wasn 't ruling out his flying straight across the table , but I didn 't know what route he would take to get to Anton .
tr	I	Press him so hard yet oh , what a liar she had been to keep so much from him .
tr	O	Your mother was waiting for me there and she wasn 't pleased .
tr	I	The one I am , but maybe not the son you thought you 'd have .
tr	O	She lets go of me and I say goodbye for now .
tr	I	It takes me a bit to reorient myself and my mind is going a mile a minute .
tr	O	I meekly nod as everyone 's eyes return to me and he continues .
tr	O	She probably never wanted to see me again , and I was fine with that .
tr	I	The blood bond brought him back , but matthias had not grown up on the Island like most of the brothers .
tr	O	He 'd felt the same way she did , and he hadn 't been able to deal with it .
tr	I	His lids wouldn 't budge but he tried to open his eyes .
tr	I	I was drawn to it simultaneously , but she damn near killed me with her sweetness .
tr	O	She left my room and I was alone again .
tr	O	She will be a tough nut to crack , but I will give it my all .
tr	O	My arm protested when I moved , but it didn 't hurt nearly as much as before .
tr	I	They wouldn 't let her have proof she was safe , and they had tried to have her thrown out of her home ?
tr	O	Emily looked too enthralled , and it was irritating him .
tr	O	He might not be a relationship guy , but when they were together , she felt cherished .
tr	I	The clay beneath the city protects it , but the wooden pillars they built it on should have rotted away .
tr	O	He 'd proposed it on several occasions , but working at Oasis had always been my priority .
tr	I	She was very surprised by the beauty of this place and they were walking .
tr	O	Her tongue met his eagerly , and her arms wrapped tightly around his shoulders .
tr	I	What struck Danica was the look in her eyes , but Camille looked lovely in her satin gown .
tr	O	Her clothes are torn in more places than one but they seem to know just where to stay intact .
tr	I	Camelot was deserted and it was midnight .
tr	O	One that made her muscles sing , and her veins flood with warmth .
tr	I	He slid his fingers in between her legs , and Desire shot through him , heating his blood .
tr	I	She 'd done a good job , and worked as hard as any man .
tr	O	A soft blush ran over her cheeks and I wondered just what she was thinking .
tr	O	I know if I push him enough he 'd cave but I don 't want that .
tr	O	The buildings were connected around a hexagonal courtyard and the complex resembled a honeycomb .
tr	O	He didn 't complain about the weight , but Dean could tell it was tough going .
tr	O	I wave , and her eyes grow HUGE like when she saw the wild green parrots in the park .
tr	O	I shuffled past that vent , so I couldn 't see them , but I could still hear .
tr	I	He lifts me up and his lips crush mine .
tr	I	I can 't , but I know he wants me to turn to look at him .
tr	O	The altar is typically placed here , where the arms cross the main nave , and the church is effectively broken into four parts .
tr	O	I 'd ask her what she was thinking about when she looked out the windows , and she 's just say , Everything , Honey .
tr	I	Robert couldn 't blame her and Elizabeth was just as polite in return .
tr	O	I shoved my way through the crowd , but the walkways were congested , making it hard to move faster than stop-and-go .
tr	I	No one suspected Rema was hidden on the food cart , but people addressed the commander .
tr	I	That 's what gets me , but maybe that 's my fault .
tr	I	They tailed me all night tonight , and two others followed me home yesterday .
tr	O	They thought I couldn 't never do nothing , and they thought Much needed to be coddled on account of his bad arm .
tr	O	They 'd come to the stairs , and Emeline tightened her grip on him .
tr	O	This room was filled with my army and we would fight to the death before innocent people were harmed .
tr	O	The last wisps of vapor blew away , and Gregor lost speed .
tr	I	She could not see how many of them there were , and the men were shielded from her sight at the moment .
tr	O	The tune was traditional but the words were new .
tr	O	He walked right in , past the threshold , and ignored Michael like he wasn 't even there .
tr	I	There is no apparent way of opening it and ~ ~ 0 ~ ~ 0 ~ ~ The door remained closed .
tr	O	His tone was deliciously bossy , but the tortured look on his face nearly killed her .
tr	I	It seemed to glow red and Matthew placed his right thumb on his name .
tr	O	She 'd gone back to class for a couple of days , but it was a lost cause .
tr	O	They all expected something , but he didn 't mind .
tr	I	I doubt I would have thought to put any on , and I don 't recall seeing perfume among Charlie 's things .
tr	O	I did let her go , but not for the reasons she 's telling herself .
tr	O	Aria 's breath caught , and she stopped in her tracks .
tr	I	His mouth was just a horizontal line without lips and his bald head almost gleamed .
tr	I	I almost didn 't hear Jillian calling my name , and my brain began to buckle with all the possibilities .
tr	I	His hair black as pepper and his complexion was very dark .
tr	I	His eyes told a much different story , but his face was a mask of indifference .
tr	O	I realise that the shooting has stopped and everyone else is dead , apart from us four .
tr	O	You don 't want to talk to your mom and I get that .
tr	I	It splashed against an unseen barrier a foot away from his body , but Ramirez hurled a second shaft of green light at him .
tr	O	I would dread having to interact at such an event , and I know they would dread to see me show up at the door .
tr	I	She loves him fiercely , but they aren 't married .
tr	O	Granted , my sixth sense wasn 't foolproof , but in situations like this , well , it certainly would have been triggered .
tr	I	He was tired of thinking about it , but Thomas knew it was a good point .
tr	O	Her eyes went liquid with grief , and a tear rolled down her cheek .
tr	O	Chapter Fourteen Lorelei woke with a heavy weight across her legs , and her eyes flew open , taking in the unfamiliar room .
tr	I	We had been married on the spur of the moment and I explained that Rafe had swept me off my feet .
tr	I	I 'm here on this earth to stop you , and you 're here on this earth to do evil .
tr	O	I give Sera a thumbs up and we continue swimming .
tr	I	Hearing it said out loud , baldly , hurt like hell , but I 'd pretty much figured Bill had lied to me .
tr	O	Such a thing had never been reported in the wild , but then no one had ever witnessed the introduction of a new animal into a troop .
tr	I	He 'd been proven right and he 'd thought the idea was marketable .
tr	I	It set fire to the house before he died and he dragged the coals out into the room .
tr	O	Her hands were tied , but the glint of the curve tipped blade still quivered in the shadow .
tr	I	For the most part , these guys were the same , and I really don 't think he wanted to kill anybody .
tr	O	Each vehicle owner was required to have the plates made in a garage , according to certain specifications , and these did not change over time .
tr	I	Where they were headed it would not be an issue , but it made them ride differently .
tr	I	His face looked lifeless and his eyes were shut .
tr	I	No one has seen two young women , but they questioned every traveler they encountered .
tr	O	A few were on breathing machines , but if a person needed help to breathe , doctors at this hospital seldom encouraged relatives to keep them alive .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure she wanted sweet right now , but it was really sweet , everything he was saying .
tr	I	We 'd all be dead , or good thing our national security wasn 't on the line .
tr	O	Mr. Bojangles was still sitting contentedly , and I assumed Ms. Terwilliger had picked this particular cat for his good nature .
tr	I	My eyes were still fastened firmly to his shirt , not his face , but I nodded .
tr	O	She 'd been such a fool , and her stupidity was ruining three lives .
tr	O	Irritation flashed in his eyes , and she barely curbed a wince .
tr	I	She was still shuddering with tiny convulsions , and her scent dripped over me like nectar .
tr	O	It was almost 2am by the time they parted , but back in Kenya it was already the next morning .
tr	I	She started talking about one of her girlfriends one night , and when she first started , he hit on her pretty hard .
tr	O	My lungs burn , and the street sways .
tr	O	I 've never gotten a tattoo , but it probably works the same way .
tr	O	I hadn 't lied to her when I 'd found her and I wouldn 't lie to her now .
tr	I	He pulled out his Biology book and I pulled out my reading for History .
tr	O	It 'll take some work , but you can still do it .
tr	O	Jonathan slid in across from me , and Lil slammed the door after him .
tr	O	Celaena 's teeth were , of course , still red , and now she felt queasy as she stared at the bag of candy .
tr	I	Suddenly her body was everything , but he had never needed anything .
tr	O	It was in West London , and she 's gone for other jobs now that are further away .
tr	I	I lost one of my girls that day and I hadn 't been paying attention .
tr	O	Just then another group came in the door , and my heart skipped a beat .
tr	I	After what seemed like a full minute , water spurted from the faucet and the rattling slowly began to subside .
tr	O	Yelling ensued , and Izzy tried to avoid the swinging arms .
tr	O	The subway system had been abandoned years ago , but someone must have sought it out as shelter .
tr	O	I didn 't know what she meant at first , but then I remembered what I had told her .
tr	O	She was perfect , and she was his .
tr	O	A third kiss came to a close and Aidan pulled away .
tr	I	His eyes were pleading as if he didn 't want me to leave and Dean was standing that time , still looking my way .
tr	I	She had become much stronger without even realizing it , but a few days ago , she would have succumbed .
tr	I	Walls had no mouths , but I tried to moan .
tr	I	If he wanted to find one treasure after another he would have to be where history was made and the two trips to Israel were unbelievable .
tr	I	She holds onto me and her hands move around my midsection to my back .
tr	O	His voice dropped and his tone was earnest .
tr	I	The pain is in full view and he looks up from the pot .
tr	O	My stomach cramped , and tears burned the back of my sore throat .
tr	O	His little brother might be wise in the ways of the wild , but the city at night was unknown to him .
tr	O	When she was finished , she placed her dirty dishes into the server , and it disappeared into the wall .
tr	I	The two brothers stared at each other for a long moment before Alaric released him and Alaric gripped Ewan 's arm .
tr	O	I hate to disappoint you , but I 'm not screwing you .
tr	I	Crush outside was nothing to the crush inside and they made it through the door .
tr	O	He wasn 't heavy to me , just bulky , and I hoped that his body wouldn 't get in my way when I ran .
tr	I	The tunnel became very dark and the door to the entrance was closing .
tr	I	She couldn 't help herself , but honest to God , she really did try not to look at him .
tr	O	Sam 's heart thundered against the wall of his chest and he wondered if he 'd ever get used to her saying those words to him .
tr	I	I did not , but as we exited the church , I expected to feel better .
tr	I	In each of them , the first name was always Charles , but Charles had several aliases .
tr	O	I couldn 't think and I couldn 't move .
tr	I	She 's never judged me because I do care and she 's never cared what anyone else thinks about her .
tr	I	He hated D.C. , and he loved D.C. .
tr	O	Matthew made to come to him but he held him back with his hand .
tr	O	Soon a ray breaks through , then another , and I witness the inevitable light after the storm .
tr	O	I stood there for ages waiting for it to get hot , but it never did .
tr	O	Matt paid the bill and we left the pub .
tr	O	Lady Margaret beckoned furiously for certain people to come forward , and at once two rather ragged individuals were produced , both of them reeking of drink .
tr	O	I 'd known better for a long time , but Liz still had a little naivete left .
tr	O	Victoria hugged Toby , and he relaxed , letting her squeeze him .
tr	I	Tam regretted throwing the magic at him , and his voice was deadly .
tr	O	The black wooden beads slipped through his fingers and his brain waves fell into the sweet rhythm of heartfelt prayer .
tr	I	He left Southern California without a good-bye and Gwen followed his instructions to the letter .
tr	I	I wasn 't being clear , or he wasn 't getting it .
tr	O	Agent Barnes shared a look with Agent Lee like they knew some secret inside information , and she didn 't .
tr	I	I grabbed hold of his hand and Sean was behind me .
tr	O	His face looked a bit sunburned , but overall he didn 't appear too much the worse from their mad dash .
tr	O	She wasn 't going to let A ruin her senior year ... and she definitely wasn 't going to let A take Princeton away from her .
tr	I	Jenny helped him carry it to the doorway and Jeff finally was able to yank the kayak out from behind some crates .
tr	O	I say and Blaze laughs .
tr	I	No number jumped out at him , but he found plenty of historical data .
tr	I	Now I have a flat tire and I ran the truck off the driveway leading up to the cabin .
tr	O	Their hands met and I saw an odd expression cross Liam 's face , just for a fraction of a second .
tr	O	Even the minimal responses I made slowed me down considerably , and forty minutes later I was only halfway through my list .
tr	I	She pushed forward , but her feelings were overwhelmed by guilt as she imagined herself consuming her former acquaintances .
tr	O	Yeah , he knew that it was contrary to every man 's fantasy , but he liked a woman with experience .
tr	O	She 's at the hospital , but they 'll release her soon .
tr	I	I didn 't care about glory , but there was less glory in running away from a fight , sure .
tr	O	My service to the Big Boss maybe wasn 't so great , but it was as good as anyone else 's .
tr	I	Now she had to do it by herself , but Miss Osbourne would have helped her get undressed .
tr	I	Clutching the arrow that had been lodged in Graeme 's shoulder , but Nigel finally leaned back , his hands bloody .
tr	I	He 's part of the most advanced naval fleet in the world and he 's damn good at what he does .
tr	O	Sebastian comes up behind me and I sense him begin to gently rub my arms in what I suppose he assumes is a comforting way .
tr	I	The bone knights suddenly lunged forward , drawing their swords as they did , and the Lady lifted her hand .
tr	I	I put my arms around her protectively , drawing her in tight and I felt her exhale in a stuttered breath .
tr	I	He couldn 't help himself , and Ethan saw Julie blink .
tr	I	Being here , living here , is horrible , but it 's a sight beautiful enough to paint .
tr	I	She was bonded to him , but she loathed him in every possible way .
tr	O	I imagine he found a peace in that , and now I 'm finding a peace in that .
tr	I	My feet were bare and all my clothes were gone .
tr	I	His blood gushes fire , and his bone shines gold .
tr	O	Several flashlights belonging to security personnel could be seen on the grounds and candles were in many of the windows .
tr	I	My face screwed in disgust , and my momentary relief from the elevator was short-lived .
tr	O	The body was officially released but no one 's claimed it .
tr	O	She was still so angry at him for lying to her , but she 'd hardly been a model of good behavior , either .
tr	O	The boy held out the letter , and as soon as Margo took it he rode away .
tr	I	His eyes opened and Nathaniel 's lashes fluttered .
tr	I	My brows drew together as my hand went there and I felt a weird pain tighten in my belly .
tr	I	The more time that passed , the less hope I had , but I watched for any sign of life as I held his hand .
tr	O	Time lost meaning , and something seemed to come over Blake .
tr	O	His jaw tightened and his eyes darkened with emotion .
tr	I	Slung his two over his shoulders and he tosses two bags to Nick .
tr	I	It isn 't large enough for Rayne 's food , and only a small corner of the table is uncluttered .
tr	I	With it being the supposed anniversary of her death , he simply couldn 't do it , but he thought again about responding .
tr	O	I had that one redone , and it 's rented out now .
tr	I	I laughed and she said .
tr	O	Two days had passed , and she still didn 't understand .
tr	O	Julie had her back towards Lea , but Julie had a bright smile on her face .
tr	O	She reached her hand out to the captain , but he did not offer her the pin .
tr	O	He 'd promised to be her husband and he took that promise seriously .
tr	O	They believed something had crept into their neighborhood , but no one would listen to them .
tr	I	The power at her hands terrified her and she 'd never driven a boat before .
tr	O	America went on its own way , and the people did their best to ignore the war over there .
tr	O	Her face was flushed , and her hair had fallen to cascading tendrils down her back .
tr	O	His hand dropped from his sandy hair and he grinned as his eyes met mine .
tr	I	No matter how much we might miss each other , distance was the safest option , and Roland could be tracked .
tr	O	Rivers stood guard at the gate to Mercer Manor , and he offered me a small smile when I approached .
tr	I	I didn 't have time to think of that now , but for some reason I was resentful .
tr	O	He needed someone to lean on right now and I was going to be that someone .
tr	O	She chuckles , and I look up to see her smile .
tr	I	Now he was in no rush , savouring each moment of anticipation , and he had waited a long time for this evening .
tr	O	Clary looked at Jace , but she could see by the expression on his face that he had no idea what the Queen meant .
tr	O	He knew she was bound to find out , but he regretted that it had to happen like this while in her condition .
tr	O	There was no comfort from Merrill and I didn 't expect any .
tr	I	The thought of being a single mother was daunting , but she did not miss her husband for one moment .
tr	O	There was a dusting of ice on his black jacket , and his hair glimmered as if it were made from frost .
tr	I	All the gods would be weakened if one fell , but the world wouldn 't stop spinning .
tr	O	The doe is locked up in a paddock , and it is completely tame .
tr	O	The evening had worn on and there was yet much to prepare for their departure .
tr	I	Circumstances did change , but people were ever the same .
tr	O	Thomas had a lot of positive qualities , but my brother was a fairly shameless slob .
tr	O	I still haven 't listened to Micha 's voicemail , and the constant flashing on the screen torments me .
tr	O	Aspen licked her lips and I could have sworn I felt it .
tr	O	He has two thousand militia under his command , but few of them follow him into the village .
tr	O	He was half a breath away now , and inside her a tornado tore everything apart .
tr	O	I thought I hid well but she knew where I was .
tr	O	He was having a nightmare , and I was just standing there !
tr	O	The metal door began to close and after half a minute no one would ever have known there was an entrance to an underground tunnel there .
tr	O	I tried to turn my hand over to drop it , but it was glued to my palm .
tr	I	The flash in her eyes told him that was it , but she didn 't say it out loud .
tr	O	Five minutes later , everyone was ready to go , and we started back up the steep , winding trail .
tr	I	He pulls me into his sculpted chest as he backs us under the gentle , healing turret of water and his arms circle around me .
tr	O	I covered my face with my hands , trying to peer through my fingers , but all I could see was this rolling fire .
tr	O	In that hatred I felt vengeance and I knew he was here to get it .
tr	O	Forward momentum was essential , and one slip would mean his death .
tr	I	She 's set to give birth in just a few weeks and there 's a mother cat living just down the street from Scooter 's house .
tr	I	In that moment , her mind raced with possibilities and her heart was full .
tr	I	The birds hummed so harmoniously and the sun broke through the clouds .
tr	O	She caught just a glimpse of his expression as she turned away , and it was priceless .
tr	I	My allies were still tucked in a restaurant down the road , and it was four to one .
tr	I	If you disconnect me I 'll chop off your The kissing was supposed to be the escape And hello , operator Please give me number nine .
tr	I	I ignore it , but the traitorous bastard springs to life .
tr	O	You 're my best friend , so that should always come first , but honestly , I didn 't think it would be that big a deal .
tr	O	The trial was still some four weeks away and it didn 't look good for the accused .
tr	O	They were sure I 'd remember something if they kept going through it , but I didn 't .
tr	I	I expect you figured that out already , but the idiot took the wrong horse .
tr	O	Another set of eyes followed my exit , and I tried to hurry before the Seventh became suspicious .
tr	O	Joe had rolled his eyes , but Susannah did see a resemblance .
tr	I	She appeared to have aged years within a single day , but he had just seen her a few hours before .
tr	I	The tight grip she held on her blanket allowed me take her into my arms , and her eyes were almost in tears .
tr	O	Her head was pounding by noon , and her feet hurt like the first day she had started working there .
tr	O	She sat on the cushions , leaned against the boxes , and the piles of folded clothes were placed under her knee .
tr	I	Dad grabbed my arm , but I took a step after him , planning on ripping it out of his hands .
tr	O	Grant stopped walking and I turned to look back at him .
tr	I	Partly to take control of the conversation 's direction and he asked partly from curiosity .
tr	I	It won 't touch the stain on my conscience , and they can take everything I inherited .
tr	O	Bax nodded and they resumed their way .
tr	I	The dark skin had been lost through years in the coal mines , but they had always been told there was Indian blood in the family .
tr	I	I didn 't really know why and he was so nice to me .
tr	O	It 's over , and I know you 're dying for more .
tr	O	Her heart was so filled with love and to think that her love was returned almost blinded her with happiness .
tr	I	I could easily have eaten one , and Miguel asked if I wanted another .
tr	O	It might be a break-in , but he would have heard something before the humming .
tr	O	I still can 't get used to the idea that it is almost Christmas Day , here , and I am in shirt sleeves .
tr	I	He was in no mood to go down that road and he could tell where this was going .
tr	O	After big trouble the love will result in a marriage and even then the woman would land herself on the bed .
tr	I	I thought he looked a little relieved when he nodded in acknowledgement , and the words rushed out .
tr	I	There was nowhere for Thor to go , and it was a hair-raising sound .
tr	I	The light was good , but when she reached the camp the sun was down .
tr	I	I was convinced he was the most boring individual I 'd ever met and he taught geometry .
tr	I	I hesitated , my eyes locked on Donovan and the voice called to me .
tr	O	Her hair was a stringy mess and she barely had any makeup on .
tr	I	He wasn 't in the mood for a shouting match and he could see that this was a feisty one .
tr	O	A loud buzz filled my ears and I jumped in Luke 's arms .
tr	I	Words were forming , and her throat constricted .
tr	I	Michael had let her do it alone , but God forgive him .
tr	I	I need that connection with someone else , but yeah , totally makes me an ass .
tr	O	I breathed an audible sigh of relief , but it appeared premature .
tr	I	I hadn 't seen her for a while , and while I didn 't know Zach , Tegan was a friend .
tr	I	She spit at him and Blood filled her mouth .
tr	I	His mouth was set in a severe line and his hands were clasped behind his back .
tr	I	A show of Jacques ' gleaming fangs held him motionless , but Byron nearly leapt forward .
tr	O	I hate to give it up , but it isn 't mine to keep .
tr	I	The light breeze made a beautiful evening for rides , and the sun had set .
tr	I	Their faces were shadowed and they were both backlit .
tr	I	She preferred to have her own space but she could have done this in the caravan .
tr	I	The sticks started to smoke as he set them up and the fire pit from the night before was still hot .
tr	I	With only one I just couldn 't do it , but if I 'd had both arms , I could have pulled it free .
tr	I	He was worried about you and I know he felt bad for making you go there to drop off the plans .
tr	O	It 's a little complicated , but I think I can explain .
tr	I	Then Michael was on one knee next to the chair , and she heard the creak of leather .
tr	I	You know what I mean , but of course , he 's a sorcerer , not a sorceress .
tr	O	It was weird , but Michael felt as if Kaine was almost talking to him like an equal .
tr	O	Rose went back to her group of Rogue friends , and we met Noah in the House 's foyer .
tr	I	It sounded like a great idea and I was suddenly very tired .
tr	I	Now I had lost it and it had taken a long time to convince Dad I deserved my own room .
tr	O	Now it was all gone and the shadow blamed the wizard .
tr	I	Their eyes all made it clear they knew , but no one had asked .
tr	O	My lips crash into his and he welcomes it .
tr	I	He held up his hands , and I started hitting his chest as hard as I could .
tr	O	I nodded , but my new idea carried a lot of weight .
tr	I	His eyes glowed bright emerald , and he was inches taller than most humans .
tr	O	She laid her delicate hand on his arm , and all his anger simply trickled away .
tr	O	I was intrigued by the blueberry honey , and we brought a jar to the register .
tr	I	Her voice lowered and her head dropped .
tr	I	I averted my eyes quicker , but I glanced up at him .
tr	O	No horror in existence could surpass This frozen cruelty , the sun of ice , Or months of night like Chaos come at last .
tr	I	The anger in his tone left her stricken nonetheless , but maybe she deserved that .
tr	O	He said nothing as he sat , and she looked more closely at him .
tr	O	She tried to keep her mind off of it , but she always ended up thinking about her impending capture .
tr	O	They will have seen the spear in the hand of a king before , and they will know what it can do .
tr	O	The hall was crowded , and we began moving to the public part of the club .
tr	O	My heart started to race , and I suddenly felt very exposed .
tr	O	The rear door of the other car opened and he slid into the seat .
tr	O	There was no way to get around them to enter school , and if he skipped school , he faced his father 's disappointment .
tr	O	They 're just 2 words and I don 't know why I 'm blushing .
tr	O	As you know the pool of money in this town is very deep , but it is not very wide .
tr	I	His hair is messed up , like he just ran his fingers through it and a red baseball hat is dangling from him fingers .
tr	O	The pair 's eyes lit up at the prospect of food , but they nodded their head no .
tr	I	Now that he was here he wasn 't sure what to do , but part of his plan was to get on the alien space ship .
tr	O	I was surprised to hear from him after so long , but I wanted to help him because he helped me avoid arrest .
tr	O	He released his grip on Shannon while letting out the vilest string of cursing and profanity I had ever heard in my life !
tr	I	There is a hint of green , and it no longer looks like a desert .
tr	O	Our passports are checked , and we hustle toward the same Learjet 35 that brought me to Antigua a week earlier .
tr	I	He was in a shallow cave that came right up to the edge of the water and it only took a couple of minutes .
tr	I	Sure enough , there was his carriage crossing over the moat , and I rushed to the window .
tr	O	The clipped word was grudgingly spoken , but it was meant .
tr	I	She almost spit it out and to Andra it tasted bitter .
tr	O	I 'm listening Momma , but I am so confused .
tr	I	They were not soft men , and the men normally in charge of interrogation turned an uncomfortable shade of green if they stayed to watch the session .
tr	O	I didn 't know what demons he had in him , but I wasn 't afraid of them .
tr	O	I always assumed he fought for the Confederacy , but he never actually mentioned which Army he fought with .
tr	O	She had to hurry or she would be late .
tr	I	I can feel the difference from those first few days , and Savannah ; So I have been a vampire for two weeks now .
tr	I	Still , the feeling was familiar , but there didn 't seem to be anything demonic .
tr	I	Victor reassuringly rubbed my back but I felt a small rush of adrenaline run through my body when they looked back at me .
tr	I	He realized there would never be a better time to say what he had to say , and she stared at him , puzzled .
tr	O	He 'd tracked his father , and it 'd been easy to do .
tr	I	She felt the acute pain as if they 'd been torn from her physically and they flew away from her .
tr	I	Most of the local hotels were filled with Christmas visitors , but we 'd tried to find a room for several hours .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to let anybody know that for the time being , but this dosage was more effective .
tr	I	I need Buzz to win , but I don 't like it either .
tr	I	I looked like winning for once , and you called me away from a card game for this .
tr	O	I 'm about to protest , but Maxwell snaps his head to the right , staring at something down the aisle that has caught his attention .
tr	O	Melissa shooed me away with her hand , and I made my way to the table .
tr	I	She pulled with all her strength , and she positioned her forearm across his windpipe .
tr	O	He spoons some pasta into our bowls and we sit at the table to eat .
tr	O	My head pounded from concentrating so hard , and the more Persephone pushed me , the more out of reach it felt .
tr	O	She walked closer to me and I felt her nearness like the warmth of the sun .
tr	I	She saw the way his jaw tightened , but he faced the road .
tr	I	The memory of the sickness from the last storm was enough to force everyone to pray for a safe landing site and another storm was brewing .
tr	I	As the clock continued to chime , she knew it wasn 't a dream , but horrified , she kept waiting to wake up .
tr	I	They weren 't inside my head and they weren 't inside my heart .
tr	I	His palm was firmly latched around the gun , his finger locked on the trigger , but he tried to open it .
tr	O	Shane was looking very serious now , and he tilted her head up to force her to meet his eyes again .
tr	I	Still no one wanted to buy it , and we 'd reduced it three times now .
tr	I	I nodded , and I looked at the panicked expression on her face .
tr	I	She didn 't interrupt me , but Sara 's eyebrow shot higher .
tr	I	Her balance instantly disappeared , and before she made contact , an arm roughly hooked about her waist .
tr	O	Silence reigned for a moment , and Angelica found that she couldn 't keep her eyes from him .
tr	O	The path narrows just before turning off to the rabbit field , and we both move toward the center at the same time .
tr	I	She didn 't come outside but she watched him out of the window .
tr	O	Epilogue I 'm not a fruitcake fan generally speaking , but then there 's my mother 's .
tr	I	The wind had died down as well , and the day had cleared up since the previous dripping rain .
tr	I	I can 't survive a year in their clutches , never mind a single decade , and that process will take decades .
tr	I	His lips curled into a smile and he paused .
tr	I	I 'd lived through it and it was crazy for me to imagine .
tr	O	I was interested in Juanita 's help , but I had no intention of forfeiting her life for it .
tr	O	How he controls them is a secret , but it exacts a toll .
tr	O	I 'm about to turn around , but I don 't .
tr	O	You know you have something desirable , and you know you can move .
tr	O	It 's a staring contest between two little boys , but Adam doesn 't seem shaken by the competition .
tr	O	The jetty road ended in an open area fifty yards beyond , but Jade sat down under trees close to the bank .
tr	O	Logan 's duel with Otto Fuchs came next , and the story of our subsequent chase through Europe followed .
tr	I	She was up to her elbows in making what looked to be cookies and looking around , Jessy was her only other option right at the moment .
tr	I	While it wasn 't perfect , at least I wasn 't miserable anymore , and I 'd adjusted to living in Eden Manor .
tr	I	Saving Vaughn but nothing mattered .
tr	I	Adam shoved the note deep into his pocket , and the children cheered .
tr	O	Jenna 's in my next class and I know there 's no possible way to avoid her .
tr	I	The other part was down to what he knew about Mary already , but he knew part of his feelings was down to their mated wolves .
tr	O	The rider jerked it away , but it was far too late .
tr	I	It 's still a good story , but it 's related to what really happened only by implication .
tr	I	He had to admit it felt good at the same time , but it was odd to see people twice his age looking at him like that .
tr	O	She really did want to kiss him again , but she worried how she 'd feel afterwards .
tr	O	He was white as a sheet , and his eyes grew distant as tears continued to stream down his face .
tr	I	She even managed what looked to be a genuine smile , and her voice was completely level .
tr	I	She drops the lock and there are tears streaking down Jacey 's face now .
tr	O	He 'd give her three guesses and the first two didn 't count .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure how he would react , but there was a question she wanted to ask .
tr	I	Staring back at me was a large pin with sparkling stones embedded in it , and I discreetly removed my foot to see what it was .
tr	I	I could tell that my dad wanted to ask him more about evading security , but Stone 's answers seemed to make Mom happy .
tr	O	I was glad to lie down when I got home , but it was a good , tired feeling ; not exhaustion .
tr	I	I couldn 't risk her finding out about that , but I felt like my phone was a ticking time bomb in my pants .
tr	I	You took the life of a goddess who was under our protection and you killed our cherished pets .
tr	I	It took him a moment to understand what Clubs had said , and his thoughts moved as if through a thick , turgid soup .
tr	I	He simply nodded in agreement with Kiran , but I looked over at Amory hoping for answers .
tr	I	Alistair pressed a button near the bottom of the panel and they stepped inside .
tr	I	She silently watched him for a moment and he looked out at the city .
tr	I	We had gotten into the Bugatti in record time , and Everything had gone according to plan .
tr	O	We don 't like fighting civilians but my men have to protect themselves .
tr	O	The sounds of its engines faded , and soon it was gone .
tr	I	I was amazed at what I could do but okay , technically I didn 't move anywhere near as much dirt as the other two .
tr	O	Her head tilted to the side , and her eyes squinted .
tr	O	He paused , and his own mouth twisted into a lazy grin .
tr	O	I flushed deeply and he watched my reaction curiously .
tr	O	That means we 've either got to raid other people 's villages or we 've got to be self-sufficient .
tr	I	You might be in danger and Ivy is up to something .
tr	O	Susan headed to the counter as Marie picked up her lunch , but Jake stepped forward .
tr	I	He would make it up to her afterward , but Evie would be worried sick .
tr	O	Caitlin felt like a knife was plunged into her body as the doctor left , but she didn 't react .
tr	O	Even I think I sound stupid , and Never Lies just grunts in amusement .
tr	I	He realised he would have to continue and there was more silence .
tr	I	Then it disappeared , but for a second I thought I could see fear in his eyes .
tr	O	He knew the Governor was going to be calling him again and the damn press was going to be bugging him for updates .
tr	O	He was a few years younger than her , but she felt that he was a kindred spirit .
tr	O	Sean let himself smile , but his eyes held worry .
tr	I	I could see the wheels turning and Rachel 's eyes flashed at me .
tr	O	I felt his fingers in my hair and he combed through it softly .
tr	O	What she had done was wrong , but she wanted to help Hadley if only Hadley would let her .
tr	I	Faith in them was lost through their neglect , and their office was that city to protect .
tr	O	Romain 's hand shook as he called again , but the effort was pointless .
tr	I	The leaves get carried away with the rage of the water and I was sitting at my window , watching the street flood .
tr	I	I have two children , and I 'm chronically broke .
tr	I	The vision continued , leaving the question hanging in the air unanswered , but the question flowed through Kylie 's mind .
tr	I	She 's agreed to postpone her escape , but nothing has been resolved .
tr	I	Diego pulled in behind , and Xavier stopped his truck ahead of them .
tr	O	I 've been in touch with Manchester and they have a similar situation .
tr	O	Birds are chirping and a light breeze caresses my skin .
tr	O	They fluttered around a humanlike shape , but details were impossible to pick out .
tr	O	He had several expressions that spoke as clearly as words , and over the years she 'd come to identify them all .
tr	I	How did I know that , but I knew that ?
tr	I	Her head started to pound , and she managed to sit up .
tr	I	A screen shimmered over the door 's surface , and he pressed his face up against the door .
tr	O	I felt her crying , and I rubbed her back .
tr	I	He had a letter from his doctor , and it was a herniated disc .
tr	O	Luke moved away and Will stepped forward , his eyes finally settling on me .
tr	I	I loved him and he was my son .
tr	I	Maddy was confident he would soon , but her father still wouldn 't tell her what he knew about Aunt Patrice .
tr	I	It was all in vain , but her mother tried desperately to help her .
tr	I	It 's all she 's known and Autumn 's family is a disaster .
tr	I	It 's too low for me to make out , but I hear her say something .
tr	I	Her sweet little face screwed up in frustration as she began to cry , and except she didn 't ; for once she woke when jostled .
tr	I	Callum launched himself at the bigger Reboot , taking them both down , but he lifted his foot for another one .
tr	I	I can taste dirt in my mouth , and my mouth is as dry as dust .
tr	I	I 'll show up when I 'm supposed to , and I 'll help with whatever , whenever you ask .
tr	O	The door flew open , and a flood of bar patrons thundered into the little hallway .
tr	I	He finally tore his eyes away from the blackness across the river , and his grimace turned into a smile without his thinking about it .
tr	I	He was oblivious to any whispers on the wind , but I glanced at Edward .
tr	I	They were quieter , giving him space to think , but the emotions he was feeling weren 't gone .
tr	I	It doesn 't define them , but it 's a part of them , passed down between generations .
tr	O	My bra was AWOL and I had no time to look for it .
tr	I	I 'll see you later and have a good day .
tr	O	Panic wasn 't going to do me any good , and there would be plenty of time for mourning later .
tr	O	Her face was flushed and her cell phone was in her hand .
tr	O	His fingers dug into my soft flesh and I let myself moan his name .
tr	I	He was a good father , but Phoenix didn 't talk much .
tr	I	He could afford to plan properly , and there were still several months before the first of the new airships would lift off .
tr	I	Cutlery being placed down and inside the kitchen I could hear plates .
tr	I	He put his other hand on top of our enfolded ones , and I shuddered .
tr	O	I did so , and three men in suits came into view , along with a man in uniform .
tr	I	It will be hard , and you will have a lot of hills to climb while I 'm gone .
tr	O	She just couldn 't believe how dry the air was out here , and even though it was late afternoon , the sun was still hot .
tr	I	Not a sound disrupted the sudden silence , but every eye was upon the little man .
tr	I	I stopped unzipping her skirt , and her eyes filled with tears .
tr	O	Auron had focused more on creating peace but nothing went unnoticed as long as he was in charge .
tr	O	Then I hear a snap , and she falls on top of me .
tr	I	Haley had damned well better be in one of them and there were seven other bedrooms in the place .
tr	I	His name was Ryan , and my name is Maya .
tr	I	He squinted at it , and slowly it went up .
tr	O	The bag crackles again , and that 's when I notice a gym bag full of food on the floor .
tr	I	That storm had been me , and it looked as if a storm had gone off in the room .
tr	O	I pressed a button on the right and it slid open to a large , circular room with several doors around the perimeter .
tr	I	He sat back , taking his hand from Eveline 's and Bowen 's brow crinkled .
tr	O	Dryden sat at his desk with his phone to his ear and for a few moments stared at Daniel , his mouth slightly open .
tr	O	I glared at her , and I swear she smiled at me .
tr	I	How could they possibly recognize me , but they might know Tobias ?
tr	I	Her fair English skin cast a paler glow than usual , and the delicate fabric of her skirts was crinkled beyond repair .
tr	I	The sidewalk was covered , and the sleet was heavier .
tr	I	The toughness inside me seemed to fizzle out and I saw the concern shading the espresso color .
tr	I	The two disappeared through the same gap in the crowd , and he whispered something in their ears then let them down .
tr	I	The wheels followed , and the plane 's propellers spun .
tr	O	The radiation did nothing to us , but it was deadly to the humans .
tr	I	He could understand them perfectly , but they were not spoken in any language he had ever heard .
tr	I	She had to stay focused , but Reece felt sick .
tr	I	He wasn 't going to let it go and I 'd lied to him , yet again .
tr	I	It made my heart quicken just thinking about it , but I didn 't know what to make of that .
tr	O	There have been reports of space-time activity on Earth for some time , but it was only recently that it was thought to be an issue .
tr	I	He gestured for me to try it but I shot Vincent a doubtful look .
tr	O	It was the third day , and I 'd come so close .
tr	O	A loud sob scared a nest of birds , and streams of black wings took flight around her head .
tr	O	Paul wanted to tell his children not to bother , but it seemed so important to them .
tr	O	Brock pulled into valet at a popular London restaurant and Merrill ushered me inside , Brock following along behind .
tr	I	I had no desire to break my new habit , and Mackenzie got me hooked on them the first night .
tr	I	Her warm breath flows through my shirt and her eyelids are shut .
tr	I	I kept my mouth shut , but I was tempted to tell him the Ulta Storm looked prehistoric .
tr	O	They 'd been married three years , and Matt fell more in love with her every day .
tr	I	He had to prepare and it was forty-five minutes till his next lecture .
tr	I	His dark eyes moved to rest on hers for a few seconds , and she blinked .
tr	I	Her eyes darted around the room , and her face paled further .
tr	O	In spite of what he 'd said , and the time he 'd spent with me .
tr	I	She was the one who knew people here , but I felt like a coward .
tr	O	Diego turned away to seek some privacy , but before he could , his cell phone rang .
tr	I	He wasn 't there , but I glanced around , expecting him to have stepped out of my view .
tr	O	It took me a moment to figure it out , and when I did , I couldn 't believe I hadn 't realized it immediately .
tr	I	I know it 's definitely not me , and I know you 've got the hots for somebody at Mythos .
tr	O	It was almost fun , like teasing , and she smiled to herself .
tr	O	The whiskey swirled in my head , but I maintained my balance .
tr	I	That wasn 't me anymore and I have matured since then .
tr	I	They were giggling on it , and they began a loosely talking about what a strange thing can be for Laurence to wake up after twenty years .
tr	O	The screams abruptly ended and the Lightning appeared dazed .
tr	O	Then it caused the muscles to freeze , the organs to shut down , and the brain to become suspended .
tr	I	No noise came from it but the expression was fluctuating rapidly .
tr	I	For the most part they let him , and he stayed out of all of it .
tr	O	Usually he put Noelle in her infant seat but this time Mary Jo did it , not giving him a chance .
tr	O	My legs shuddered beneath me , but I wouldn 't admit to fear .
tr	I	Then she held the object in her palm , and her fingers shook as she untied it .
tr	I	I could feel a cool breeze blowing from within , and only a small flicker of candlelight came from the doorway .
tr	I	Logan scrambled out of the way , and it swung its hand at him .
tr	I	Even I can hear the deadness in the voice and I ask him .
tr	I	I hadn 't really been paying attention to the room at the time , but I 'd been here before .
tr	I	I escape to my seat , still flushed and they take their places at the lattice .
tr	O	Paul lay on the ground , his expression set in lines of pain , but he made no sound .
tr	I	She was so proud of him she could hardly bear it , and he was a man ; young , but a man .
tr	I	Even she felt her hairs stand on end at some of the things the TED casually talked about but admittedly Beth knew little about advanced energy management .
tr	I	He wasn 't even sure that would work , and the best he could do was knock her out .
tr	O	There were seats lined up , and she had a clear view of the underwater reefs .
tr	I	Before you get upset about that , it 's because she 's trying to be nice , and one , your mom asked .
tr	O	I will be there soon and we can discuss this calmly .
tr	O	I 'd never seen her before , but I instinctively knew who she was .
tr	I	When he dropped his sword Max leaped for it , and one of them caught flames at the edge of his trousers .
tr	O	I did not live a luxurious life , but neither did I deserve one .
tr	O	I need a drink , and I need one now .
tr	O	Someone else will snatch her up , and it 'll be too late .
tr	O	She couldn 't see his face , but she assumed he was smirking .
tr	O	I can understand your concern , and in the beginning you might have been right .
tr	O	Mom shakes her head , but she 's smiling too .
tr	O	She knows Abby 's sister so she 's in my circle of friends , but I wouldn 't say she likes me much .
tr	I	He supposed Kit had a point , but Pendleton naturally took exception to that .
tr	O	They know we 're inside and they 've got us surrounded .
tr	O	Then he leans closer to me , and I close my eyes , waiting .
tr	O	We knew there was a chance you would stop Adam but we counted on you destroying Houston in the process .
tr	O	His words took Amber off guard and she fell in love with him all over again .
tr	O	There was no line , and the service was instant .
tr	O	she asks and I shrug .
tr	O	She gave me my total and when Liz came back out , we exchanged numbers .
tr	O	There was a sharp knock on the door , but he waited for several long minutes before answering .
tr	I	I didn 't say anything , but it was annoying that he refused to let me help .
tr	I	She was just sticking around because that 's what she did and the place was about to go belly up .
tr	O	One hand cradles the back of my head , fingers threading through my hair , and my back meets the brick wall behind me .
tr	O	My jaw fell open , and he grinned at me .
tr	I	I did not get one and I did not expect an answer to this question .
tr	O	It didn 't happen often , but it was hell when it did .
tr	I	They will come for me and my shipmates have answered .
tr	O	Pierce nodded and although he did not smile his eyes told her he was pleased with her decision .
tr	I	I didn 't , but I could have pretended someone else finally gave him what he deserved .
tr	O	Time was running out , and so far they had not found any food to take back with them .
tr	O	Why he would bring her to my apartment I had no idea , but there was a lot about the man that I didn 't know .
tr	I	If he chose to , he could leave me a message and I decided I would let my voicemail get it .
tr	O	He hadn 't intended it to be a vow , but the weight of his words settled over him , sealing him to his commitment .
tr	I	He knew it was possible but a costly mistake would be unlikely .
tr	I	I was far from it but I tried my best to appear confident .
tr	I	The zipper gave her away , but getting up , she attempted to cross quietly to her own tent .
tr	O	He will bring my army through the portal and no one will be able to defeat us .
tr	I	I stood firm , but my voice shook .
tr	O	This person was only a few yards away , and she must have been very quiet for Jane not to have noticed her .
tr	O	I whisper and she hesitates before answering .
tr	I	Once again we were in motion and we climbed back into the truck .
tr	O	She just walked away from him , back toward the house , and I watched as he wiped her kiss from his mouth .
tr	I	The car sped off and no shots were fired .
tr	O	The last thing he needed right now was a twisted ankle , or to lose an eye to a wayward branch .
tr	O	He 's convinced Kate to marry him , but he 's afraid to give her time to change her mind .
tr	O	Rand suspected he knew where his brother 's train of thought was headed , but he had to hear him out .
tr	I	On noticing this , the rioters surged forward again and Custer 's cavalrymen were beginning to mount their horses .
tr	O	His pained words stopped me , but I didn 't turn .
tr	I	I heard the taser hit the floor , and Kara whimpered .
tr	O	I had hoped that she would be back by then , but she said that she wasn 't sure .
tr	O	Privately , he thought the same , but he knew it wouldn 't do to let Misty know how much she was causing him to change .
tr	O	Most people believe there is a soul within that is separate from human mind and it is detachable from human body .
tr	I	She had to tell him , and Jake still didn 't know all he had to know .
tr	I	They parted just as he burst through the door , and the footsteps coming up the flagstone told them Chester had arrived .
tr	O	The servants released me and the boy took my hand .
tr	O	Its metal was cold and it scraped skin rubbed raw by the burlap .
tr	I	She would , and she had the power to save them .
tr	O	She 'd tried talking to him about it a couple of times , but his reaction left little doubt that he didn 't want to talk .
tr	I	He had not heard a word she said , but apparently , she had been speaking for some time .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure how yet , but I wanted to help him .
tr	I	It took me precious seconds to find him , and I searched for John as I hung there .
tr	O	I glanced at the vial of gleaming blue liquid , and a fierce hunger seemed to gnaw through my stomach .
tr	I	I had to face the facts , but then I searched the top of the bed once more .
tr	I	I couldn 't help noticing the joy you felt at your call , but I 'm sorry .
tr	I	They were judging me and his eyes looked up at me .
tr	I	She pushed me off and I tugged her arm .
tr	I	There was nowhere to go but out , and the other guards crowded up behind them .
tr	I	While I didn 't want him to know it , I was grateful he was there , but I raised an eyebrow .
tr	I	I heard the stress in his breathing , but Peter didn 't say anything right away .
tr	I	There was no sign of her father and ten minutes passed .
tr	O	The medicine was given to him , but he doubted anyone would notice their absence .
tr	O	I cannot defeat you , and I give up .
tr	O	Those were the words she 'd been waiting to hear for a very long time , but they didn 't give her the satisfaction she 'd expected .
tr	I	The temperature inside the massive void had plunged below zero while they 'd been open , but the hangar doors were already closed .
tr	O	She wouldn 't let herself turn into something bad , but that didn 't change the fact that it hurt .
tr	O	They backed out , pulling the wounded behind them , and Brood never wasted a glance .
tr	I	I slid into the soft , leather seats and he opened the door for me .
tr	I	When he didn 't find her , he kept going and he reached back .
tr	I	He was holding me up while I fed from him and I was lying in the doorway of Lysander 's home .
tr	I	He made me promise , but I would have told you ages ago .
tr	I	I was let go because the economy sucked , and I finally committed to a job I liked .
tr	O	I thought it was because we had been dancing a long time and she was getting tired .
tr	I	There were no connecting memories to tell me how it happened , but somehow I went from that job to that cliff .
tr	O	The boy jumped to her and only when he was very close to her , he noticed her right hand was bandaged .
tr	O	All Fallen vampires had red eyes , but very few species of demons did .
tr	I	His tattered twine bracelet still hung off his wrist , but he wore a different tweed coat than the one he usually wore .
tr	O	She didn 't want to leave , but she knew she couldn 't stay .
tr	O	He smashed the rock down and the shell shattered .
tr	O	I 'd wanted this on my terms , and somehow she gave it to me , without my even having to ask .
tr	I	You have to take your lumps , but I 'd hate to get expelled .
tr	O	My magic had , again , not replenished itself from my dreams , and my body was weakened .
tr	O	John Randolph was a good man and Duncan knew he 'd do a good job .
tr	I	He pulled me off of the horse like a rag doll , and I leaned down to him .
tr	O	You like this mortal , and it bothers you that he may be in danger .
tr	I	It 's as if the sun has come out for me to bask in its glory , and she smiles .
tr	I	I didn 't complain this time , but I felt his cock press into me as his arms slid around my waist .
tr	O	I hugged him , and he clung to me , needing me as much as I needed him .
tr	I	A man stood just outside the reach of the streetlight and he spun around at the sound of a voice .
tr	I	It seemed like I was flying solo that time , but I was always able to draw from them to fill in gaps .
tr	I	As the seconds ticked on , I waited patiently , and I could hear her breathing on the other end .
tr	O	Perhaps it was a lesson passed down from his late father , or maybe the senior McCord had made the mistake of assuming that bigger meant better .
tr	I	We all walked to their SUV and they helped us retrieve our bags .
tr	O	Danny seemed close to these people , and yet they didn 't even know the most basic facts about his background .
tr	O	Her face knew it when I did too , and it gave itself a reprimand of tired annoyance .
tr	I	In this aloneness there was a sense of complete freedom , but I felt alone .
tr	I	It wasn 't his style and it was wrong .
tr	I	The woman smiled at me again and I walked back into the flower shop .
tr	I	He awoke in the morning a little sea sick and during the night a storm came up .
tr	O	Each silver serving tray settled in place before one of the delegates , or one of their companions seated at the table with them .
tr	O	I forget to move away from my sister 's grasp , and she manages to pry the phone from my distracted hands .
tr	I	She snatched his hand , and Aisling 's eyes widened as his fingers moved .
tr	O	I 'm waiting for them to start negotiating over the necessary trades , but it doesn 't happen .
tr	I	Like the wind I rushed to the great hall , and pausing only to tell her not to go anywhere , my feet flew .
tr	O	I did it , and I don 't regret it .
tr	O	Maybe she 'd done the wrong thing here , but I couldn 't take it out on her .
tr	O	The problem was that he could feel the heavy evil , but he couldn 't see a bloody tiling .
tr	I	He wouldn 't announce it , or he must be happy about what we 'd done .
tr	O	Two Choir Boys darted by ... but they were then cut down in a hail of bullets .
tr	I	His face creases as though he 's bothered by the thought , and he 's looking down at his own half-eaten apple .
tr	O	By then we had come to the far door , with a keypad , and Vince punched in numbers quickly .
tr	I	It 's there , murmuring against my skin and I check his pulse with my other hand .
tr	O	They cut him , and Hart struck back .
tr	I	Cheyenne could guess , but he didn 't offer an excuse as to why Aaron might 've reacted as he had .
tr	I	For a moment I thought he 'd respond , and he turned to look at me .
tr	O	The ambulance pulled up and the paramedics rushed out .
tr	O	The paper appeared to have handwriting on it , but she couldn 't quite make out what it said .
tr	O	The anger on his face dissipated and he once again directed toward me the special glow he 'd always shown .
tr	I	I have been practicing other Arts of Battle for several years , now , but I 'm not experienced with staves .
tr	I	That didn 't matter , but I had no paper .
tr	O	Her laughter made me blush , but I couldn 't help smiling .
tr	O	His body covered mine as the front windows exploded and glass rocketed across the room .
tr	I	It did , but Cheyenne felt the familiar emptiness inside her except now the emptiness felt larger ... she didn 't think emptiness could expand .
tr	O	You were always meant to be the Apollyon , and Seth knew that .
tr	O	My hand was shaking and beads of sweat were dripping from my brow as we went on towards the school .
tr	O	You would have thought it would go on like that forever , but at some point Preston stumbled across the manosphere on the Net .
tr	I	The three became restless and the tears were exhausted .
tr	O	She obviously thought she 'd overcome all objections , but Levi had reason to be worried about one more thing .
tr	O	A strange sensation of laziness came over me and I recognised the signs .
tr	I	He knew they were there but he couldn 't see them .
tr	I	The door disappeared and we went into Dee 's room .
tr	O	You gave hope to the hopeless , and that is the person I love .
tr	I	I couldn 't imagine going home to a house without him either , and I needed him like I needed air .
tr	O	Jared felt his stomach grumble at the mention of food and Madame Veer smiled .
tr	O	He wanted to say his tasted a little like Spearmint gum but something in his head told him that it was a lie .
tr	O	Cade tilted his head at her , confused , but then he followed her gaze out to sea .
tr	O	A miracle I can 't explain but I 'm so damn grateful for .
tr	I	The conversation turned to a less dangerous topic , and Davin seemed satisfied by that .
tr	O	It was a terrible power - the ability to turn living beings inside out , but they did not die .
tr	O	He 'd even dated the same woman for a period of time , but they 'd always been fun relationships .
tr	O	His blond hair was flopping adorably on one side of his forehead , and I smoothed it back with my fingers .
tr	O	He made a quick excuse for us , and we walked off .
tr	I	Like all other laws we try to break them , but the laws of inevitability state we cannot win .
tr	I	For him keeping Angelica in this position showed dominance , but for a slave this would be a point of humiliation .
tr	I	We 'd never stayed anywhere as nice as this , but back when my mom had been alive , we 'd taken plenty of vacations .
tr	O	Abby moved to block her way , but then the old woman saw me .
tr	I	Fur ran from her head down her back , which was bared by the sarong , and Deni realized her fingers had already changed to wolf claws .
tr	I	Tea lights dot the tables and glittering lights hang inside a big white tent .
tr	I	Gwen could feel herself getting wet for him , and she kept up that friction , rubbing lightly .
tr	O	A couple damp towels snapped me on the ass as I went by , and I promised revenge later .
tr	O	Before he could answer a knock came at the door and Kyle poked his head in .
tr	I	I wanted to hear what my beloved had to say before I moved on , but I knew I shouldn 't be standing there listening .
tr	O	He sounded sincere , and I frowned as Kenzie quickly assured him it was all right .
tr	O	He did his job and I did mine .
tr	O	They were an inspiration , because I was a Jew , and I felt the heart of my race beating within me .
tr	O	He didn 't deliver a killing bite to my skull when he landed on my back , and he could have .
tr	O	I looked at him , and more tears jumped out .
tr	O	Peyton 's hair was a tangled mess , and her puffy eyes were smeared with mascara .
tr	I	He 'll dispose of them and if they get to be a nuisance , just tell Leo .
tr	O	The truck traffic is heavy and there are automobiles from dozens of states , so no one notices me .
tr	O	He 'd learned a lot about her during their time together , and he knew how much she loved the water .
tr	I	It was my plan that succeeded , and we managed to use my situation to good advantage .
tr	O	Bake it for an hour and you have a permanent object .
tr	O	All I know about him is that he owned a lot of land and he was a noble .
tr	I	I needed to know , but I still didn 't have a clue about whom I was forgiving .
tr	I	Now he couldn 't even keep his feet under him , and he 'd been so damn steady a few seconds ago .
tr	O	Her eyelids lowered and she inhaled slowly .
tr	O	Every detail of her body defined perfection and I still remember it all so vividly .
tr	I	Ground control tells us to contact Perth Tower for departure , and when we get to the hold line , we stop .
tr	O	She sits on the edge of her desk and I stand in front of her .
tr	I	Right now the boy was doing an excellent job , and Daemon excelled at using sensuality to intimidate .
tr	I	We now live remote from the human world , which makes us view things differently , and Fae have long lives .
tr	I	She 'd eventually believed him , and he didn 't .
tr	I	This is the only option that will work , and the sheep need to be given fresh water .
tr	I	A new cashier 's check cut in the amount she owed on the loan and the Campbells ' cashier 's check was deposited .
tr	I	She nodded again and her hand came up to grasp my cheek .
tr	O	He kissed my cheek , and I felt myself blush .
tr	I	Not understanding from where , but I felt coldness .
tr	I	Neither of us could do a damn thing to get down , but both of us struggled against the invisible hold .
tr	O	He stroked Lucky on the head and the little gray cat rubbed against his fingers eagerly .
tr	I	Another concern dove right into her worry bank , and Kylie breathed in .
tr	O	I knew we 'd be awake most of the night after a kiss like that and I couldn 't wait to get back to more of that .
tr	I	It was her fault Noah was in danger and she had missed the coming of the cat .
tr	O	That thought has me shuddering violently , and I take a step away from the wall .
tr	I	He swooned , and instantly he felt like the truck was spinning .
tr	O	This was more evident during the dark season but this frame of mind helped many cope with what came during that time of year .
tr	O	Her head rested over his arm and she was nestled under his shoulder .
tr	I	Vlad felt like a furnace , but normally vampires were room temperature .
tr	I	Then you pushed me away , and you made me start to believe you cared for me in return .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure why and he had some confused , mixed emotions .
tr	O	He noticed the door was closed and Marcella was not in her bed .
tr	I	I check myself , but a sort of sick curiosity draws me toward Mr Anderson 's land , as if want to see what 's left .
tr	O	* * * Jo sat at her computer and completed yet another search .
tr	I	He stared with blurred vision at Stover approaching and they propped him up straight .
tr	I	Alongside it was tenderness , but the intense burning was still there .
tr	O	Ghouls are everywhere and when I look further out I see more arriving .
tr	O	She liked to stop by unannounced , and he liked to kick her out .
tr	I	It felt so real , as though I had actually lived it but it had only been a dream -- well nightmare , really -- .
tr	O	It had just been a dance , and he 'd be one of many .
tr	I	He finally seemed to realize she wasn 't backing down but he looked like he was going to argue some more .
tr	I	I shrugged and Meg laughed at me .
tr	I	It was like a nightmare catapult flung her into space , but she tried to grab on to something .
tr	O	My fingers tightened in his hair , but I was pulling him closer now .
tr	O	The elegant Victorian building is still standing , but it looks like a giant has bashed the roof in .
tr	O	My eyes drifted closed and I nodded .
tr	I	My dad emerged carrying two glasses of milk , looking like a cruise ship tourist , and I heard the patio door slide open .
tr	O	He 's not strong enough for bouncing yet , but he 's here as a wingman of sorts .
tr	I	That , at least , was an improvement and she wasn 't late for any other classes .
tr	I	Something told her she should stay , but Pandora wondered whether to go back to bed .
tr	I	His chest ached and he could smell her scent on his sheets .
tr	O	The other fiddlers joined in and lively notes filled the barn .
tr	O	They had all the trails marked , but there was one they knew best .
tr	I	He paled underneath it , but he had a gorgeous tan , almost as good as mine .
tr	O	The men were still looking after their own mounts , but they felt easier about leaving the stable unattended now .
tr	I	We passed the long night together , and he led me to the bed .
tr	I	The flinch surprised him , and Gansey flinched .
tr	I	She turned to Simon and Indignation snapped inside her .
tr	I	I didn 't expect an all-American farmhouse , either , but I mean I know not to expect a crypt .
tr	I	With the victim 's cooperation , it was done , but a left-handed injection wasn 't easy .
tr	I	When I straighten up again Xander is on my opposite side , and I bend over to look inside .
tr	O	I know you 've got something planned , but I just don 't know what .
tr	O	I didn 't like the thought of that , but the circumstances called for swift , true answers .
tr	O	He was silent for a long while and she thought she understood why .
tr	O	Their whole lives could have gone by and she might have never found out .
tr	I	He stopped her , but she started to grab his plate .
tr	I	She liked his answers , and he 'd more than satisfied her curiosity .
tr	O	Then the lunatic Gregor shot a policeman , and within seconds it had turned into carnage .
tr	I	I kept quiet , but I acknowledged his comment with a nod , just as I had seen Mother do .
tr	I	It 's eaten me alive , just like this damn cancer , and I 've kept this inside me all these years .
tr	I	The valley was thoroughly reaped away , and several determined swings later , a rash of flop shots .
tr	I	She began to tremble , and he licked again , nipped harder .
tr	O	He 's touching my face with his bare hands and I don 't know where I dropped my gun .
tr	I	This time I took the glass without flinching , meeting his stare dead on , and he sauntered over , offering another drink .
tr	I	He doesn 't look at me , but Mason stops trying to get away .
tr	I	The party was only just getting underway , and that was the second guy I 'd made splutter today .
tr	I	She silently cursed her husband 's attacker to hell for it , and the incident at the village had rather ruined that .
tr	I	He flipped to the inside front cover , and he had the dead man 's notepad in his hand .
tr	O	Marie set to work , and I tried to relax .
tr	I	We met halfway and I excused myself .
tr	O	Any second now it would attack ... but it didn 't .
tr	I	Seeing Kyle 's lifestyle laid out so grandly only emphasized their different roots , but she understood he came from money .
tr	O	He recognized the design and it was Council , not Federation .
tr	O	She doesn 't know what to make of Paolo , and I don 't know what to make of Davis .
tr	I	I didn 't care , and I didn 't know how he 'd gotten invited to a press conference .
tr	O	He stood at about six foot five and she must 've been around six foot .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to protest , but my mother beat me to it .
tr	O	They chatted as Haven sipped her coffee , and he listened intently as she told him about her life in New York .
tr	O	he sighed in contentment and he pulled her closer .
tr	I	Her young assistant brought a white handkerchief to her mouth , and she coughed again .
tr	O	It has lace trim , and it itches against her skin .
tr	I	Apparently all the taxis had been taken and the event had ended fifteen minutes ago .
tr	O	Madeline laughed , but the shakiness was obvious .
tr	O	There wasn 't as much blood as he 'd hoped , but it was still pretty cool the way the arm flipped down the steps .
tr	I	They are still readable , but the sun has faded the letters .
tr	O	Expertly applied makeup concealed the circles beneath her eyes , and bright red lipstick matched her low-cut dress to perfection .
tr	I	Elyssa will get a few answers about the legendary treasure , and Doug will get the written evaluation of the villa that he wanted .
tr	O	We could have fought her , maybe killed her , but one of us would have died in the struggle .
tr	I	People would understand it and it would be pretty .
tr	I	Then they 're gone , but things have their moment .
tr	I	She rejoiced at the feeling of their joining , but she had never been filled like this before .
tr	O	The effort landed her three feet from him and staring straight into those heartless eyes .
tr	I	Well , they stink and they are not cute .
tr	I	We seemed powerless to stop it and a modern fearful inquisition was unfolding before our very eyes .
tr	I	They were moving away from the pier , and Mary Jane had both hands on the pole .
tr	I	I 've loathed it and I 've had to be accountable for every cent you 've spent .
tr	I	I realized I was shaking uncontrollably , and Cole squeezed my arm .
tr	O	The prices seemed high , but Darling had long demanded unlimited expenses for his services .
tr	I	He could do this , but he couldn 't do that .
tr	O	He smiled at me , but there was an eagerness to him that I did not trust .
tr	O	We both go back or we both go forward .
tr	I	They are 4.3 miles from our location and there are approximately 12,000 units .
tr	O	The weather was lovely for a change , and Kaitlyn found herself pathetically grateful for sunshine .
tr	I	The door hissed shut behind me , and I stepped in .
tr	O	He didn 't come closer , but his stare never left mine .
tr	O	It was seductive , too , but not all the wealth in the world could give her what she really wanted .
tr	O	I know Dham trusts him but there is something just off about him for me .
tr	I	Pain sliced through her head so that she cried out , and she fought the order .
tr	O	Allan 's hands clenched into fists , and he dropped them into his lap .
tr	O	the swordsman retorted , but Morrigan was intrigued .
tr	I	He made her feel delicate , somehow , but she 'd always considered herself pretty stocky .
tr	I	No cars moved on it , but a street came into view .
tr	I	He was tired of cleaning up other people 's messes , and Albert was tired of seeing the ship .
tr	I	It made me ill to look at mine but we had agreed to continue wearing our rings to keep up appearances .
tr	I	It 's come to that point now but I 'm hardly ever cold with him .
tr	I	I would , but maybe March wouldn 't even care .
tr	I	Then she vomited , and then they came close enough for her to see what once had been the sick man 's feet .
tr	I	I sympathized , and Catcher 's tone was dry .
tr	O	The gas station is seven miles up the road and we close the rest of the distance in silence .
tr	O	Most of the window was gone and bullet holes pockmarked the outer walls .
tr	I	The human looked back as I gained on him and I leaped over Forty-five 's body .
tr	O	We 'd raised a lot of money , but we hadn 't raised enough to buy the mansion .
tr	I	He was going to fulfill it and no , he had a mission .
tr	I	I was speaking in Lakin 's voice , but I felt the words leave my mouth .
tr	I	The position was comfortable , but the stone was hard .
tr	I	While he swallowed her essence , she felt him start to release , which pushed her over the edge and he curled over her .
tr	I	Never , never had he allowed himself to consider that she could die , but of course he 'd been concerned about injuries .
tr	I	It seems to go on for about a mile , and the room offers a perfect view of the lake .
tr	I	Lizzie hadn 't noticed just how beautiful the forest was , and it had been dark when they had made camp last night .
tr	I	She wasn 't ready for that yet , and it would hurt too much to see his face every day .
tr	I	I hope it 's just a figment of my imagination and I hate myself for even thinking it .
tr	I	At least when I was wrong , that meant my nightmares hadn 't completely come true yet , but she was right .
tr	O	His eyes were red and he had greying patches of stubble on his chin .
tr	O	As she stalked toward him , her eyes narrowed and she swiped away the tears coursing down her cheeks .
tr	I	It clicked open and a soft knock came at his bedroom door .
tr	I	I ´ m so glad because it ´ s really chilly outside and I get into the backseat .
tr	I	Her life to Conrad had been very difficult and trusting her heart .
tr	I	She knew without checking that it was Jordan and Alix 's cell phone rang .
tr	O	His milky white eye was locked on Zoey , and she shuddered involuntarily .
tr	O	She sealed the ice in the bag , and he held out his arm .
tr	O	Then the voices came , whispering , and he tried to keep them out of his mind .
tr	I	He tightened his grip , and I tried to push him off of me .
tr	I	I looked at him with wide eyes and Blake 's voice cut through my thoughts .
tr	I	We place our things in the empty chairs and my dad picks a table near the outside .
tr	O	Maybe it was the plush carpet beneath our feet , but I could have sworn I felt a spark .
tr	O	Soon the sun would dip below the mountains and the temperature would plummet .
tr	O	My hands clenched into fists , and I nearly charged him again .
tr	O	The work was absorbing , and he 'd thrown himself into it with the cool , incisive intelligence that he also used to govern his personal life .
tr	O	She giggles and I smile .
tr	O	There was so much joy there ... and I 'd found that joy again .
tr	O	Rachel 's body went still and she just stood there staring at Benji .
tr	I	She 'd never seen one of his fights with Sean and she 'd been with Adam for a month ?
tr	O	His eyes opened wide and his mouth opened then shut quickly .
tr	I	The booth tops looked sticky , and the floors looked like they needed a good mopping .
tr	O	She 'd thought she would cry all night , but she had no tears left for him .
tr	O	Hiromi slumped against the wall , holding her baby , and people walked by .
tr	I	He looked away from it and his eyes creased .
tr	O	I 've struggled with trying to find your future in the fog , but I 'm still unable to see what might befall you .
tr	O	Chance had run toward his computer and he was pounding on the keys .
tr	I	Most of them actually bought books , and even more surprising , they seemed in no hurry to leave .
tr	I	Tonight has proved to me that he isn 't but I thought Xander was different .
tr	I	Since I 'm prone to being nervous I don 't usually wear nail polish to begin with , and it 's a nervous habit .
tr	O	The girls introduce themselves and we start talking .
tr	I	Then we got out , and I helped him wash .
tr	O	His eyes were open , but he was seeing nothing .
tr	I	I felt less angry somehow but I can 't put my finger on it .
tr	O	I didn 't think so at first but it is why .
tr	O	Her forward momentum was stopped but she found herself suspended above a waterfall .
tr	I	I left it unsaid , but there was only one response to this .
tr	I	Weak as he was he was still too strong for me , but I tried to pry his long fingers away from my wrist .
tr	I	Poor Bilbo was really very taken aback , but you will hardly believe it .
tr	O	The sandwich had lost its appeal , and she dumped it in the garbage .
tr	O	We finished our dinner and I drove Amelia home .
tr	I	I had to , but I 'm sorry .
tr	O	Tears rolled down my cheeks , and I began fumbling in my pockets for a tissue .
tr	I	She felt herself half-way to Mars and this night was already three nights long .
tr	I	They don 't power up , but the crystals flicker on our arrival .
tr	O	I set all of my stuff down in the kitchen and I checked the bedroom to see if she was asleep .
tr	O	I thought I 'd found that with Savanna but I was mistaken .
tr	I	She 'd never brought race into it , but he knew Emily had never warmed to Rachel .
tr	O	Gold earrings dangled from her ears , and she wore shimmery pink lipstick .
tr	O	He kissed her tears , and sunshine returned to her smile , a smile meant for him .
tr	O	She didn 't look like she was okay at all , but her eyes looked up at him with a pleading expression that he couldn 't ignore .
tr	I	My face fell and Tiny fangs were visible .
tr	I	It makes me wet , and I remember .
tr	O	My confession ignited him , and he picked up pace .
tr	O	I could see into her mind and my heart sank at her despair .
tr	I	You 'll be surprised how glad they 'll be to help you with whatever you need , and all you have to do is dig it up .
tr	I	Kenzie 's dad continued to regard me without expression , and I didn 't answer .
tr	I	He hoped Lem was well fed afterward , and he hoped Lem was getting some good information .
tr	O	I didn 't get it , and my confusion must have shown , because he continued without me asking .
tr	O	Marcus mirrored his steps , but his arms remained casually at his sides .
tr	I	She took it , and I held out my hand .
tr	O	Miami is in sight , but we are not descending .
tr	O	He points to one of the stalagmites , and it glows red as images appear on it .
tr	I	I don 't want her to be irritated if I don 't respond , but I 'm not sure if I should respond to her effortless reply .
tr	I	He called my attention and I went for the door handle .
tr	O	He was sexy , and my body was taking notice even though my brain was screaming out that it didn 't trust him .
tr	O	She said nothing more , but Eric didn 't need words to feel her sorrow .
tr	I	If she did , it would be back to the disturbing dynamic they had , but she thought about waking him anyway .
tr	O	The red eyes of the gargoyles glared back at them , and the snakes slithered in a winding motion .
tr	I	I would not let him worm his way into my heart , and he was only repeating the things I 'd unwittingly told him .
tr	O	I mean to tell you that and yes , your son is cooking for the Queen .
tr	I	She needed to be relaxed to face this but I felt a little guilty for getting the wine for her .
tr	O	She found Saber waiting on the stairs , and fol owed him down , running .
tr	O	One bolt , and she was dead .
tr	O	The racing wave is not as big as the lump in the road but it is adequate .
tr	I	Aran could see it on her face and Elle seemed disappointed at hearing his answer .
tr	I	She opened the door , and Rema 's face warmed .
tr	I	I still liked to see him suffer a little , but clearly , whatever made him bleed wasn 't a threat to his life .
tr	I	There is a clue but I am not there .
tr	I	I followed and I shook it off as the marketing team filed into the room .
tr	O	He expected to hear a sceptical objection , but he was instead given a polite response .
tr	I	It 's on my account and I heard the king 's arrived .
tr	I	I had to feel this inevitable separation , and it was not my time to stay .
tr	O	I made it several feet before the ground abruptly gave way , and I found myself airborne .
tr	I	We came to a large pond , probably a small lake , and about five to ten miles further .
tr	I	The snow banks were so high I thought they would never melt and the ice was inches thick on the sidewalks .
tr	O	He reached for the pistol in quick strides , removing it from her shaking hands , and reached for the man 's head , removing him .
tr	I	I 'm trying to do the right thing by Ruby and my aunt 's girlfriend was killed in a car accident .
tr	O	She resorted to trying to trip him , but he wasn 't falling for that either .
tr	I	A sword was pushed into Aunt Maya 's clothing , about to pierce her skin and Rema took another step closer to the prince .
tr	I	When Elder didn 't use them , I did , and I made the patches .
tr	O	I told myself I 'd stop with this deadly combination , but I also told myself to screw off .
tr	I	My body shook like I was sobbing , but I didn 't cry .
tr	O	His voice was rough , and his cheeks were flushed .
tr	O	He was fully ready for her and she was long since ready for him .
tr	O	Pagan Smoke curled up from the floor of the stage as strobe lights flashed and fans screamed .
tr	I	I can hear a steady hiss , and the airlock 's on its side .
tr	I	That didn 't mean it was warm , but it might have been July in San Francisco .
tr	I	My heart 's beating faster now , and I ask .
tr	O	The likelihood of things working out the way that I imagined was very slim , but it was worth a shot .
tr	I	Mom squeezed her arms around me , my face sobbing on her chest , and Father patted me at the back .
tr	I	It wouldn 't let me relax and something told me to be wary of these people .
tr	I	Thankfully , the fireworks were winding down and he 'd left messages on every deputy 's phone .
tr	O	She was a refreshing change of company , and I enjoyed every moment that I spent with her .
tr	O	It was rude , but I wanted answers .
tr	O	It said north was still behind her , but now she was facing a different way .
tr	O	I joked and he laughed .
tr	I	I watch her massage salicylic acid into dense urea cream with a metal spatula and Marion is the Pharmacist on tonight .
tr	I	No matter how hard I tried , I could not swallow it down , and a lump formed in my throat .
tr	I	I came home on the bus and I went to school .
tr	I	I think marriage is unfair to you , but I know that you love her .
tr	I	We hadn 't even touched - and the force in which our mouths met , our bodies fused , was electrifying .
tr	I	The woman was murdered and Darcy had wanted Max to be sure since he 'd been engaged before .
tr	O	It makes her worse and I don 't know why .
tr	O	Yuri nodded again , but he kept his gaze fixed on the child 's blue eyes .
tr	I	Bastian made it one , but I knew that grilled cheese wasn 't usually a gourmet event .
tr	I	I will never forget you , and you were a great host .
tr	I	My head turned to the left before I could stop myself , and my second instinct was to find Ever in the bed next to me .
tr	O	He 'd promised himself he wouldn 't touch her , but against his will , he found himself reaching to stroke her hair .
tr	I	We 'll destroy him , and we 'll find Geoffrey .
tr	O	He simply didn 't want to lose her and the stirrings of that emotion terrified him .
tr	I	This one was slower than the first , but when one piece ended , another began .
tr	O	She drops like a rock and he stands there grinning like a looney .
tr	I	When I say us , I mean us , and after the meeting everyone came over to introduce themselves to us .
tr	O	Claire raised her eyebrows in query , and Bethan shook her head .
tr	I	Finally said , ' Okay and Sara was quiet a moment .
tr	I	Then turned the wheel toward Titan , and Jared made a strange face , unsure how to react .
tr	I	Bryson nodded , and Michael pointed where Sarah had indicated .
tr	I	It doesn 't work right anymore and now it 's all scratched up .
tr	I	An inkling of doubt remained , but she 'd like to think so considering what was at stake .
tr	I	Her head jerked to stare at me , and Emily 's hand fell from her blade .
tr	I	It will make the news , but a good lawyer will , of course , have the confession declared inadmissible because of Freddie 's mental state .
tr	I	King Bobby was loaded with it and Pride was a darn good reason .
tr	O	She gripped my throat even tighter and I could feel myself slipping away .
tr	O	I was on my back and she got up , looming above me .
tr	O	My voice cracked a little , despite my wishes , and I looked down , unable to meet his eyes .
tr	O	My gaze met his and curiosity truly got the best of me .
tr	I	This day was completely exhausting to Rachel and it was late .
tr	O	Callum circled , ready to attack Sean to get the sword , and Sean heard Connor scream .
tr	I	I didn 't need them , but none of them stayed long .
tr	I	I thought that maybe I was the only one to hear it , and it was just sniffling at first .
tr	O	He 'd said something , but I didn 't understand .
tr	I	No one will be able to change that and if God says there 's a date then there 's a date .
tr	I	I didn 't , but so she missed the next entrance .
tr	I	Mary had her hands deep under the quilt , refusing to take the envelope from Gia and she couldn 't leave it where Pat could see it .
tr	I	I let out a slow breath , and the heavy material at the front of the tent flapped in the wind .
tr	I	The meeting broke up , and he left the room .
tr	O	He swung around , and the razor-sharp tip of his wing sliced Reyes 's cheek .
tr	O	Graves came forward with a small burlap sack to place the wedges in and the other Stevens produced a large wooden mallet .
tr	I	Jeff locked the car and once they both felt prepared , they nodded in agreement to move ahead .
tr	I	Their smiles were too relaxed and their eyes were a little too comfortable .
tr	O	She was supposed to stay awake to be sure no harm came to Quentin 's son , yet she had failed , as she suspected she would .
tr	I	I kicked myself for not bringing something and I looked down at their sweet faces .
tr	I	The body , feeling its way , sat on his shoulders , and Jason knelt down .
tr	I	He quickly took it and Billy knew there would be time for just one shot .
tr	I	She wouldn 't have to hurt him , and he could finally be with this woman .
tr	I	A doctor came by and a few hours passed .
tr	I	He looked like he wanted to punch someone , and the cheerful round face that Zoey had seen before was now flushed .
tr	I	He could see enough of the monster to draw a bead , but the view through the old , dirty plastic was blurry .
tr	O	It flickered away from her , but when she lowered her fingers it came back .
tr	O	I let Sarah set the pace , and I trailed a few steps behind .
tr	I	Out of season it seemed vaguely apocalyptic , but I 'd always loved crunching through them .
tr	O	He sounded congenial at first , but then his voice went hard .
tr	I	The area was deserted and it was almost nightfall when he arrived .
tr	I	She grabbed it with every bit of her consciousness and there it was .
tr	I	She laughed , and I nodded .
tr	I	I could smell , smell the cactus and the sun was digging into my eyes .
tr	O	He entered the garage and she trailed after him .
tr	O	They were crumbled in some areas but most of them still stood in place .
tr	O	A feast had been called and these scavengers now enjoyed the role of predator , hunting down as much gangrenous flesh as they liked .
tr	O	The boxes of literature were long gone , but the children seated themselves on old rabbit skin rugs in anticipation .
tr	O	The pain made everything go black for a second , and when I rolled over on my back , everything was different .
tr	O	I stared at my plate but my ears were pricked up like a terrier 's .
tr	I	My mother had taken the chance to invite him for breakfast , and Gideon had showed up this morning to pick me up for school .
tr	O	The world grows teeth and now I 'm gone .
tr	I	They sat , and she pulled up her lips in a fake smile .
tr	I	They 'd been in some pretty crappy situations and he 'd never seen the kid look like that before .
tr	I	The three-hour drive was just long enough to keep the kids with her most of the time , and Jack lived in Greensboro .
tr	O	Beth 's shoulders visibly relax , and I wonder why she cares who I 'm spending time with .
tr	I	The binding around Nic 's feet came apart with a sharp split and I tugged .
tr	O	My hand immediately went numb , and Archer 's sword slipped from my fingers .
tr	I	I turn toward my door , and it startles me .
tr	I	They were concerned , and something was wrong with me .
tr	O	She had sent out her best guards to search for him , but eventually they all came back empty handed .
tr	I	The collected women shied away , and the long , thin blade made a slight metallic scrape as she pulled it free .
tr	I	I trace the cracks in the table and the silence eventually rips my sanity open .
tr	I	His eyes seemed brighter and I stared at him in disbelief , noticing that his cheeks had more pink in them than they had before .
tr	O	I looked around and it looked like the middle of nowhere .
tr	I	That big sword was still in his grip , ready for action , and his wide shoulders lifted with each even breath .
tr	O	I wouldn 't call it a smile , but her expression softened .
tr	O	The rice tasted rough and the chicken was tough .
tr	I	She was shaking on my shoulder and her screams turned into uncontrollable laughter .
tr	O	The sun was shining full on his back now , and his spine was prickling with sweat .
tr	I	Somehow things manage to keep going , but in the positions I held it was easy to see a lot of infighting behind the scenes .
tr	I	He had to share control with others and it was never like this where everything was gray .
tr	O	I checked my phone again , and as best as I could tell , Kelsey was still on the barge .
tr	I	I didn 't have any other choice , but I was shocked by my violence .
tr	O	I didn 't like it , but my questions were all still unanswered .
tr	I	It didn 't work out , but we had planned to hook up .
tr	O	He continued to move slowly inside her , and she could feel the sweet , aching pleasure as it built in her again .
tr	O	A cool breeze wafted against his face , and he reached out to find the gap .
tr	I	I was really pissed off yesterday morning , and when I 'm angry , it 's hard to contain my ability .
tr	I	Prerecorded classical music played quietly in the background , and the chapel was full .
tr	O	Southern to be more specific , and South Carolinian to be exact .
tr	I	I knew I couldn 't leave them alone , but I wanted to back away to hear better .
tr	O	The cloth went back on and we were ready to go .
tr	O	Erik was ruining her evening , and he wasn 't even here !
tr	O	Most of it was good , very good , but there was a hint that was very , very bad .
tr	I	The heat streaming from the vents burns my fingers when I try to warm my hands and I get into the truck .
tr	I	He held her hands , tightly , and the Silver Fox felt for life .
tr	I	I wondered about Margaret 's response , but I readily agreed to join her .
tr	O	He didn 't like their attention , and his hands fisted at his side .
tr	I	She needed him , and she was his best friend .
tr	O	It 's never good and the problems only get worse .
tr	I	Rushed toward them and Elena picked up her knife again .
tr	O	She stood in the midst of a grove of elder trees , but the distinct aroma of pine met her senses .
tr	I	It is there , but it is faint .
tr	O	A slow blush crept into her cheeks , and she hoped Evangeline wouldn 't notice them .
tr	I	I felt a little dizzy and he smiled widely .
tr	I	She made her own way in the world , but she might be living in Jackson 's little palace .
tr	I	When you added what it meant to so many , it was overwhelming , but it was beautiful on its own .
tr	I	Upon them sat carrion fowl crying with fell voices , and on either hand the cliffs stood as embattled walls .
tr	I	I never got to properly thank him and he saved my life .
tr	I	My aunt , well , you met her , but I used to ask a lot of questions .
tr	I	She misused it , and she had access .
tr	I	He felt safe , and Life felt serene .
tr	I	Then he 'd pulled away , and she 'd been so certain he was about to kiss her .
tr	O	Eric was the sheriff of Area Five , and he was a vampire on the rise .
tr	O	I released his hand and he pulled it towards his chest , cradling it with his other hand .
tr	O	You 're becoming adults and we both agreed you weren 't going in the same direction .
tr	O	Her hands were cold and Echo was glad when she let go .
tr	I	I could tell by his breathing that he was struggling hard to stay up and he swayed slightly .
tr	I	Tiffany always had something to talk about and everyone who passed by her always seemed to stop to have a conversation .
tr	O	Wandering , we find the area , and she checks out every angle .
tr	I	He couldn 't help himself , but he knew he should stop .
tr	I	I will help you find the answers you seek , and do what you need to do , Samantha Moon .
tr	I	He held his breath and the door squeaked once .
tr	I	The service began and the music started .
tr	I	It turned me on , and I knew he was looking at me the same way .
tr	I	Relief brought a smile to her lips and having made the decision , she nodded .
tr	I	I don 't believe she fell accidentally , and all I know is , Elyssa almost died out there on those cliffs .
tr	I	Then he shrugged , and Mark looked at the fork , surprised .
tr	I	Half wondered if I could take them home with me and I stood in awe at the beauty they created .
tr	I	Its driver continued around to the multiple garages at the side of the house and Angelina emerged from the vehicle .
tr	O	His eyes widened and blood rushed to his groin just thinking about it .
tr	I	This didn 't make her any more sympathetic towards him , but now she realized that he confused her with her twin .
tr	O	She had to move forward and that meant confronting her sister .
tr	O	Adrenaline roared through him and he was halfway across the club before he even realized what he was doing .
tr	I	It was short lived as the victim 's throat was crushed beneath the strength of his hand , but a soft squeal escaped his victim .
tr	I	He drained every ounce of himself inside her and she was still gripping him tightly in spasms .
tr	O	He doesn 't have a car , and he just got out of prison .
tr	I	I am also aware that there are a few things that concern you , and I know how difficult it was for you to make this decision .
tr	O	He opened the door , and instinct made him duck .
tr	I	Smoke partially obscured our view of outside and the lobby windows were completely gone .
tr	I	He places my face in his hands and I take a step back .
tr	I	I just have this thing for classic Caddies , but it might look like I drive an old beater .
tr	O	There was a sudden snap , and the door swung open .
tr	I	She would finish it tonight , and she had found the book today .
tr	I	The three cars pulling into the stadium parking lot commanded my attention , and he had done his job .
tr	O	Love didn 't last , at least not the romantic kind , and he needed her to stay his friend .
tr	O	He 'd always been curious about how she 'd survived in the ruthless world of sailing , and he thought her actions here were an insight .
tr	I	He turned , and the door opened .
tr	I	Nothing happened , but he held his breath .
tr	O	She nodded in understanding , but her mouth grew tense .
tr	I	I mean NO ONE ... and you do not talk about my personal life with anyone .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I should have just left her at The Carousel Club .
tr	O	Sam defended Faye who was on the verge on wanting to punch Josie in the face , but she knew better .
tr	I	People began to focus on their food and it was a relief when the meal was served .
tr	I	Ms. Richards said the weirdest thing , and then I asked how she died .
tr	O	Knox sets me down and I go to check on the pasta .
tr	I	It felt like something else , but maybe it was just anticipation .
tr	I	They mostly left us alone to run our affairs as we saw fit , but technically we were owned by someone else now .
tr	I	He 'd get what was coming to him but he wouldn 't end up on a spit .
tr	O	Angie wished she could be that naive again , but innocence was one of the casualties of divorce .
tr	O	Lori 's car had run out of gas and he 'd taken her to a service station .
tr	O	The heat intensified , and his lips softened .
tr	I	Jamie had spent it with Chase , and Christmas was a few days past .
tr	I	A city still grieving , but A suspect in custody .
tr	I	I mean it literally , but people always say that .
tr	O	The light rail never slowed , but I knew he wouldn 't bother .
tr	O	She touched his shoulder , and she smiled .
tr	O	The sun was just rising over the ocean but it was already very warm .
tr	O	Her once lustrous black hair was streaked with gray , and she wore it cut much shorter .
tr	I	She loved every minute of it and she was one spoiled woman .
tr	O	The weight of the armory strapped to his body made the process difficult , but he refused to relinquish any of his weapons .
tr	I	They were killers , but they were polite .
tr	I	I felt my limbs going weak , and my heart went to my throat .
tr	I	He gazed back innocently , and I spared Ash a quick glare over my shoulder .
tr	O	I twirled her small body again , and her dress swished against my legs .
tr	I	She closed her eyes to relish the sensation and sweet , cool air pushed her hair back .
tr	I	I had no intention of starting now , and we weren 't touchy-feely kind of guys .
tr	O	They came to the doors and Gandalf knocked .
tr	O	She knew what she was going to do , but she needed time to get her nerve up .
tr	O	I knew exactly what her story arc was from the beginning , and I knew the dramatic ending that it would have .
tr	I	She didn 't know why , but she realized suddenly that Reyes was angry .
tr	O	His eyes shot to hers , and a slow grin moved across his face , relaxing his features .
tr	I	The tires were slipping , and Snow was piling up .
tr	O	I can feel it , and there 's nothing I can think to do except keep unwinding my soul on the page .
tr	I	It got annoying fast , but two , her voice was pretty at first .
tr	O	I am tired but somehow , I just got my second wind .
tr	I	He refrained , not wanting to break their first fragile ties of friendship , but already Viktor was burning to ask Romulus a hundred questions .
tr	I	He was paranoid today , with so much to lose , but it had been a long time since a pickpocket had scored anything off him .
tr	I	The dining room is already empty , and he 's not in the ballroom .
tr	O	His men came alive and the night air swelled with the sounds of battle .
tr	O	Dham yells , but I ignore his question .
tr	I	It will seldom pay off over 18 holes , but you might occasionally hit one five yards farther .
tr	I	He didn 't have the heart to take her to the pound and she showed up one day .
tr	O	It was good advice , but she 'd hoped - for what ?
tr	O	It wasn 't too fair to find it out halfway through the deal , but he had little choice .
tr	O	He dropped out of the public eye for a short time after the accident , but he came back with a vengeance .
tr	O	Perhaps they 'd made plans to meet here , and Victoria had contrarily chosen not to tell him .
tr	I	He 'd adopted her daughter and she was living with Jake .
tr	O	It wasn 't that I couldn 't stand living on the farm , but I knew I 'd be much happier in Victoria .
tr	I	When the man moved his hand away , Shai saw the infant 's seared flesh with three interlocking circles embedded in it and the infant wailed .
tr	O	I slide a little to the right , but I can 't get a clear shot .
tr	O	His expression soured , and I saw why .
tr	O	It had two plates filled with food , and candles added to it .
tr	O	Normally I 'd hold off on the Coke , but I wanted the sugar .
tr	O	She knew the effect she had when we looked at her , and her mouth curled into a satisfied little smile .
tr	I	The women stepped inside and the doors opened .
tr	O	Okay , so preliminaries were over and this thing was about to begin .
tr	I	The others agreed with her , ignoring Phillip 's feigned wounded look when they disagreed him on his response and even Melissa contradicted something Phillip said .
tr	I	It felt like she was shouting , but she barely whispered .
tr	O	I want to ask her questions , but the look in her eyes stops me as she continues .
tr	O	The front was worn and the pages were bleached by sunlight .
tr	O	Jerking forward into the dashboard , I felt my finger slip , and though I didn 't hear the gunshot , my Glock recoiled .
tr	I	They 'd been tight , but Maxine , Hoyt 's mom , had been a couple of decades younger than Gran .
tr	O	Their focus was not preservation of human life but minimizing lost profit .
tr	O	A soft voice filled with concern broke through my moment of self-pity and I slowly opened my eyes , unaware that I had even shut them .
tr	O	A new vibration entered her chain and a wave of dizziness hit hard .
tr	I	I want to ease the blow if she rejects me , and I tweak her nose because I 'm about to rock my own world .
tr	O	It was hard to tell , and that made me paranoid .
tr	I	Yet he 'd never known such pleasure , and his entire body ached .
tr	O	I were fair shy to do it , but I kissed his cheek .
tr	O	The one maneuver he could still do placed him in immediate danger of death , but there was no other choice .
tr	O	They weren 't my type , or more accurately , I probably wasn 't theirs .
tr	O	Jimmy was my little brother , five years younger than the rest of us , but he liked to hang out with us .
tr	I	I relax slightly and the phone stops vibrating .
tr	I	It was still depressing and now I was back a few minutes after I 'd left .
tr	O	He wanted to stop , but it was too late .
tr	I	He found a space to park and there was a large parking lot .
tr	O	He held his sword still , but his posture was more relaxed .
tr	I	The armor held but the bullets slammed into my back .
tr	O	I can see myself staying here for a long time , but I can 't afford to lose my focus .
tr	O	3 distinct electronic screeches reverberate around the room and Adam looks past me like he can 't understand where he is for a moment .
tr	I	I looked down at my hands , and I had no answer for that .
tr	I	He knew about her , and he certainly knew Whitney .
tr	I	He leaned back into the counter , as if hoping to ward her off and his eyes were wide .
tr	I	I hear it as a screech , like a thousand mice , attacking their prey , but the door squeaks softly .
tr	O	They had the same nose and both had deep emerald eyes .
tr	O	At first you will be caught up in the beauty of flying , but you have to work at remembering to hold that image yourself .
tr	O	She looks at me and she points behind me .
tr	O	The interruption had finally shaken the two men loose from their genealogy conversation , and Zelda took advantage of the break to lean forward .
tr	O	The voyage down the Mississippi was a good story , but it was a story that was well-known .
tr	I	She shook as if she was throwing up and Kristin 's eyes rolled back into her head .
tr	O	Steven had quickly switched to wine and he ordered port following the meal .
tr	I	A tall Asian woman entered holding a stack of papers and he went to the door a moment later .
tr	I	He forced himself to sound casual but his throat tightened with wimpy emotion .
tr	O	I saw the argument going on within him before his shoulders relaxed and he obviously gave in .
tr	I	You would run it into the ground , but you may know how to run the business .
tr	O	I sit down and he pushes me gently .
tr	O	I still hadn 't brought up the mental institution but I told him about my new suspicions with Alexa .
tr	I	It 's only one-way communication , but I don 't know why .
tr	I	The kid was really unhappy and the place was a mess .
tr	I	I didn 't bother giving her a reply , but her comment rubbed my nerves raw .
tr	I	Unseen University had turned out to be stifling , and he 'd become a wizard because he 'd thought that wizards knew how the universe worked .
tr	I	The business was starting to take shape , and local printers excelled with the new menu .
tr	O	There wasn 't any conflict with any of the other animals , and I figured that it was because there wasn 't any contact .
tr	O	Sally was breathing in a gentile pant and he was dizzy to the point of blacking out .
tr	O	I wait for her to ask questions , but she doesn 't .
tr	I	That was over a year ago , so it took time to find again , but I remembered reading something in one of Master Drake 's books .
tr	O	CHAPTER 30 I thought the news about Archer would really upset people , but the opposite ended up being true .
tr	O	The DC-3 approached , and Preston used signal batons , like those used at bigger airports , to guide Buck in .
tr	I	Her skin ached with cold and her legs stiffened .
tr	O	It wasn 't quite a basement , but it wasn 't quite aboveground either .
tr	O	His eyes were still a vibrant red , but the fury had eased from his features as he once more focused upon her .
tr	O	Jeremy rang the bell but Elizabeth didn 't answer .
tr	O	he asked , and I nodded .
tr	I	In the end , she was unmoved , but her gaze remained steady on his , riveted .
tr	I	He didn 't expect anyone else to notice how he was coping with the stressors around him , but he knew his meditations brought him greater balance .
tr	O	My skin tingles where his fingers touch me , and I feel the last of my resistance melting .
tr	O	I called down the steps , but she didn 't answer .
tr	I	There 's a slight delay as they talk amongst themselves , but maybe they need final approval from somewhere .
tr	I	He was sulking like a child and it was just a little fight .
tr	I	I will do as I promised , and let us go to Byron .
tr	I	Early Sunday her sister delivered a thick chocolate caramel cake , and Mrs. Card called her sister out in the free world .
tr	I	There was nothing that he could do , but he yearned to take this away from her .
tr	I	Behind him , Murphy does this same , and Ronan shakes his head .
tr	O	Kelsey coughed loudly , trying to hide another laugh , but others in the class were less successful at containing themselves .
tr	I	His eyes were black again , and Blond Boy looked at her .
tr	I	I didn 't let on that I knew , but Murphy crept a little closer to the door .
tr	I	Though it didn 't much interest me , it was better than nothing , and someone had left an instructional video in the machine .
tr	O	Josh didn 't know why but he started to get nervous .
tr	O	His grin widens into a smile and he winks at me .
tr	O	Blackness won the battle with my senses and I effortlessly slipped down a spiraling tunnel of images that didn 't make any sense to me .
tr	O	His stomach growled and he sat down to eat .
tr	I	It did but it took a few moments for the shouting to die down .
tr	O	Suddenly I 'm nervous but that outweighs the thought of us finally being together .
tr	O	Levi didn 't add that , but he was certainly thinking it .
tr	O	The men looked swanky and the ladies looked lovely .
tr	O	Today we are higher than yesterday , and tomorrow - he , the compound figure of Wilbur Mercer , glanced up to view the ascent ahead .
tr	O	It 's just you and me , sweets .
tr	I	I was awed , and he was a warrior .
tr	I	No amount of money can buy health and I 'm sure she 's realized by now that her blood isn 't blue .
tr	I	He stopped short when he saw who was standing there , but he spun to face her , mouth open to say something .
tr	O	The pouch of stew he 'd been eating fell to the ground in a sloppy puddle , and the boy raised his hands slowly .
tr	I	Then he looked up at Tavis , and Graeme glanced around the rapidly filling room .
tr	O	His mask of beatitude broke and a new face was revealed .
tr	O	She was smiling at me , but it wasn 't her usual smile .
tr	I	I 'm legally considered his heir , and he had no children of his own .
tr	O	Something else was going on here and I wanted to know what it was .
tr	O	Their marriage might have had the wrong reasons at the start but now , it was fine because they loved each other .
tr	O	I cleaned the car the night before making sure that all the trash was out and it smelled nice .
tr	I	They were pretty good , nonetheless but only one of them was Oriental .
tr	O	Other ideas popped into her mind and she scribbled them down as fast as she could .
tr	O	She kissed him , and for a moment , his hesitation gave her pause .
tr	I	Jackson checked them one by one , and several reports had already been filed .
tr	I	Shakyamuni 's ' family palace was destroyed , and there was an intense battle .
tr	I	As you can see it 's pretty huge , and that 's the guest house .
tr	I	She wasn 't the only one who 'd reacted emotionally , but tears had blurred Grace 's eyes .
tr	O	My physical interactions with other guys may have been limited , but I knew friends didn 't stroke each other 's hair .
tr	O	Alma was trying to understand him as Anika never did , but he could still only think about Anika .
tr	O	She 'd envisioned this moment so many times , but living in it ?
tr	O	Becky opened her mouth to protest but her mammy wasn 't finished yet .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure he meant that , but I gave him a tight smile anyway .
tr	O	Jess wanted Johnnie to kiss her again , but part of her didn 't want him to .
tr	O	Another loud noise came from behind her and when she looked , the sky had turned black .
tr	O	He still flirted with her , but she hadn 't flirted back .
tr	I	He just grinned back confidently , but she waited , letting him sweat .
tr	O	She was used to dealing with problems on her own and she didn 't want to get into the habit of relying on him .
tr	I	I hated all untruth because of it , and the cruelty of it sank into me .
tr	O	I wanted to , and that 's why I stayed away .
tr	I	In the swirling air it jerked him violently to one side and it was instantly pulled into shape .
tr	I	I heard nothing from either of them , but the girl across from him had to know .
tr	I	Other residents stopped to see what was happening , and my guards straightened up , awaiting my orders .
tr	O	He rolled his eyes at me and I shoved him .
tr	I	Everyone goes together in a caravan and maybe it was a group thing .
tr	I	This time I tried to think of what I was going to say when I saw him , and I started running again .
tr	O	He sneaks off for a few minutes to look around , and returns just as his unit is marching west to the wall protecting the city .
tr	I	Her fishnets were torn , and her hair was blonde with purple streaks .
tr	O	We are a little overtaxed as a result , but I am certain your rank will guarantee access .
tr	O	I never told her that , and now I wish I had .
tr	I	My body follows as quickly , and my hand moves as if it has its own brain , its own will .
tr	O	Scott finished his coffee , but when he went to pay for it , Ben told him it was on the house .
tr	I	All of our resources were dwindling into nothing , and Time passed under this regime .
tr	O	Finn detoured to another part of the cafe altogether , but we met at the check-out line .
tr	I	She finally gave up on it , but it nagged at her mind .
tr	O	He started to step past her , but she stepped in front of him .
tr	O	The modules were already sitting in the transfer yard and there was no way to change the design .
tr	O	Vin almost spoke further , but she held her tongue .
tr	I	Jared rolled to his back and shifting , I moved to straddle him .
tr	O	Her calm tone was back but it still sent shivers down my spine .
tr	O	George 's wife had been insulted by his mother and now there was an all out war over who was being disrespectful to whom .
tr	I	One of them had a drunken hesitation to his step , and he could see little more than that they were not i dressed well .
tr	O	Boone 's been flipping through the reproduction chapters in Alex 's anatomy textbook , reading out random quotes to make her blush and me laugh .
tr	O	I didn 't see it myself , but I 've heard that his innards spilled out all over the floor of the throne room .
tr	I	The war was over and the Indians brought in Jarrett Carter from D.C. .
tr	O	Lainie was the first we noticed from her screams of terror , but when we gathered you from the sea , you were calm .
tr	I	When she finds out ... I could lose everything with the things I 've done for you and I 've lied to my wife .
tr	O	He pauses , and he flicks his gaze toward Gary 's .
tr	I	Maybe she would have to ask Hadley , or she would have to ask him later .
tr	O	It had started before we ever set foot in school together , and it was technically legal .
tr	I	The guard relented , but another moment passed .
tr	O	I had to stop him cold in his tracks , and hitting you was the only way I could think of .
tr	O	Few people occupied the sidewalks , but anyone of them could hide a weapon .
tr	I	They were starting to be realized with distributed processing , and many of those qualities were especially important in robotics .
tr	I	I closed my eyes in frustration , and my head fell back on the seat .
tr	I	I heard her draw a deep breath , and Aunt Abby 's voice was clear in my ear .
tr	I	All this started happening , and then I wake up .
tr	I	Then again , he might be on Callum 's side , but this Eric might be telling the truth about his appointment with Dylan .
tr	O	His grip on my neck was just secure enough to drag me from the well but the water loosed his attempts at my throat .
tr	I	That made no difference , but I opened them wider .
tr	I	It is all mine and I feel what I feel .
tr	O	The door came open and a tiny figure entered .
tr	O	She couldn 't call him Steve now , and she didn 't dare call him Lucas .
tr	O	Moisture found its way into Grace 's mouth and she nodded .
tr	O	There 's a brief pause , and when I glance over at him , he 's giving me a quizzical look .
tr	O	Most of them contained the peyote and there was no undoing that .
tr	I	The solid ground didn 't feel good as my bones crashed into it , but I was thankful we weren 't in the swamp .
tr	I	She pops and I squeeze .
tr	O	She 's flagged on Mars , but she 's registered to Warburg .
tr	I	Haven 's heart pounded furiously as he looked straight at her , and he slowly turned in her direction as he lifted his head .
tr	I	It terrifies me and I 've never spaced out that severely before .
tr	O	Jake would soon be held for Mrs Arnold 's murder , but he would no doubt tell them of Arnold 's involvement in everything .
tr	I	They sounded almost defensive , but she said the words .
tr	O	They past a vending machine room and bathrooms finding themselves at a check in desk by a large black sliding door .
tr	O	Her blue eyes filled with tears , and my heart clenched in my chest as she spoke .
tr	O	His other hand was on her face , and it brushed the side of her cheek .
tr	I	Unlike Elden , it did not immobilize him , but Thor , too , was filled with fear .
tr	O	I try to look to the future , but I can 't see past this moment .
tr	I	Happiness was not in the cards , but she would find contentment somehow in her marriage .
tr	I	I didn 't kill him , but Pete 's family calls me a murderer .
tr	I	The smaller of the two figures winced , and the chicken nugget wiggled a little more .
tr	I	His legs brush against mine lengthwise , and he slides down .
tr	O	It was a few minutes later when the police finally pried open the door of the elevator , and Grace saw they were trapped between floors .
tr	I	It gave them an excuse to be nosy , and it stopped watchmen falling asleep at their posts .
tr	I	She couldn 't stop herself , but she already knew the answer .
tr	I	It was one he didn 't understand to this day and her parting curse had been the crudest blow of all .
tr	I	You , Isaiah and it was me .
tr	O	A minute passed , then two , then three , and still , Mab kept staring out the damn windows .
tr	I	It still felt good , but it might have been wrong .
tr	O	It was as if the lights dimmed on the river of bodies streaming around us , and we were the only two people left in full color .
tr	I	The trees of Aviary were three times the width , but I 'd always thought that our redwoods at The Shade were magnificent .
tr	O	I nodded my head at the lamp above Callum 's head and he turned it on .
tr	O	I 've tried to make an appointment , but so far I haven 't been able to get through to him at all .
tr	O	I 'm going to die soon and that 's all there is to it .
tr	O	Faye leapt toward the door with the desperate hope of forcing her way through , but it was quickly locked against her .
tr	O	The door opened up , and a nervous looking Alanna entered the room .
tr	I	I 'm sure this was a nod , but it doesn 't look like much .
tr	I	Even so , it seemed like it had been an eternity since the sun was out , but yes , it was winter .
tr	O	Kody 's eyebrows pulled together , and Raegan shook her head , patting his massive shoulder as they walked to her bedroom .
tr	I	It will predispose any other action until it is resolved , and our laws state this is a direct threat to all of us .
tr	O	Chips came in many colors and some employers used custom designs .
tr	O	I 'm sorry , Patrick , but I had to choose quickly .
tr	I	The smaller waves couldn 't topple them , but the kayak jostled over the rough water .
tr	O	She kept up the chatter but her awareness of the ongoing conversation never left her mind .
tr	I	It had taken some time , but the tears had finally stopped .
tr	O	I shrugged my shoulders , and again , I heard the whooshing sound of blood filling my ears .
tr	O	It was deep enough that she could crouch within , and she took a moment to study the other competitors .
tr	I	His senses were on edge , and his blood was pumping faster .
tr	O	A door slid open and they entered .
tr	O	Vince 's dubious expression mirrored Nolan 's gut instinct and he sighed , knowing what he had to do .
tr	O	Good thing she liked her roommates , or she might really be pissed .
tr	O	Patch glanced at me , and I inclined my head .
tr	O	He said she made him forget , but he made her forget , too .
tr	O	She could see movement down there , under the surface , and it was not fish .
tr	I	I wished I could see Cole 's face , and there was this incredibly tense moment .
tr	I	She still said she wishes you were driving , but I told her it wasn 't her fault .
tr	I	A new challenge seemed to be drawn and Recognition dawned .
tr	I	She was quite striking , and the woman had a mop of wavy auburn hair , almost the same color as Nick 's .
tr	O	I didn 't know why at such a moment , but they meant something .
tr	O	They burned all the way in , and I thrust my hips forward .
tr	O	I didn 't want to believe it but the evidence was right there on paper .
tr	I	My knees are suddenly weak , and my mouth has gone dry .
tr	I	He would have sworn that honor was a cornerstone of her character , and he was a very good judge of people .
tr	O	I appreciate that it doesn 't come naturally to you , but you might at least show you 're making an effort .
tr	O	He 'd recovered from the initial stumble of the announcement that didn 't need to be made and the he was ON .
tr	I	Half hugged her back , and he laughed a little .
tr	I	When she glanced at Dayan he nodded imperceptibly , but it took only moments .
tr	O	Philip 's injuries are very serious and he is being given priority treatment .
tr	O	My hand clenched around the hilt of my sword , but I didn 't bring it up to strike him .
tr	I	Her body was shaking , and her hands were trembling .
tr	I	He 'd never known the extent until now , but he implicitly knew Waters cared deeply about him .
tr	O	Tell us and we may spare you .
tr	O	Motivational sayings covered the walls , and gold plaques of pool records lined the hallway just beyond the doors .
tr	O	My clothes were damp from the evening drizzle , and I hugged myself to stave off the chill .
tr	O	I was young at the time , but I remember it like it was yesterday .
tr	O	Shock went through me and I felt myself move .
tr	I	Then I was going to make love to her , and a little dancing under the stars .
tr	O	I run my fingers over his cheek , and he closes his eyes when I do .
tr	I	Then it hits me about the same time the hands grasp my shoulders , and I search to put a name with the voice .
tr	I	There was nothing she could do about it now , but I could tell Mom wasn 't happy about that .
tr	O	This was my idea and I hated it already .
tr	O	We raised the cup together and he lowered his head .
tr	O	I know that he 's gone , but I feel like , I don 't know , like there 's a part of him in me .
tr	O	She didn 't know how they got here , but she was grateful for something clean to wear .
tr	O	It was a bad connection , and I could barely hear him .
tr	O	You had them completely fooled and you did great .
tr	O	An old ladder was propped up against a wall and above it was a wooden trapdoor .
tr	I	The knowledge of his affection comforted me , and the heat of his body warmed me .
tr	I	That wasn 't too shocking , considering our schedules , but I hadn 't run into her all day .
tr	I	I nodded and she looked at me .
tr	O	She could see them shouting , but she couldn 't hear them .
tr	O	I watched on TV yesterday what like the world became , and I saw that it haven 't changed anything in inventions .
tr	O	She was usually good at everything she tried , but the secrets of painting completely eluded her .
tr	O	They needed to get to work , and he knew it .
tr	O	She knew she sounded like a shy child , but she couldn 't let herself feel .
tr	I	She had done it to herself , and she was trapped , hopelessly trapped .
tr	I	She could almost see him mentally counting how many beers she 'd had tonight , and then he looked at her empty mug on the table .
tr	O	Then I wondered if I should call my mother , and it didn 't seem like such a bad idea to tell her where I was going .
tr	O	I nodded slightly so she knew I 'd heard her , but I didn 't reply .
tr	I	The others had mini hoards of records including some for Katherine and by the time Richard stepped into the room Calvin .
tr	O	There was barely a sound inside the house , but Nine could see muzzle flashes from the guns .
tr	O	Greg continued to stare , and Lawrence continued to smoke .
tr	O	In another month Sutton would be blanketed , and if we were lucky the white carpet would remain through mid-February at least .
tr	O	The river wasn 't wide , but Sophia had the sense that the slow-moving water was deeper than it appeared .
tr	O	I keep the dead , and they keep me .
tr	O	A twinge of familiarity tugged at Sara 's consciousness , but she couldn 't place where she 'd seen him before .
tr	O	Her captor threw her on the ground beside Phin 's crumpling body and she watched in horror as the life drained out of his eyes .
tr	O	It killed her to say the words , but she told herself she owed it to Staffan .
tr	O	Sarah is a handsome cook and she is precious company .
tr	O	Well , I guess we 'll let him go for today , but you make sure he doesn 't hog you all the time .
tr	O	I 'm sorry you had to go through that , but you 're safe now .
tr	I	It seemed so far away , but I vaguely heard a voice speaking .
tr	I	More guests surged in from the hall , carrying Ainsley with them like the tide , but Ainsley turned to leave the drawing room .
tr	I	This vision wasn 't clear and it was many years ago .
tr	I	Lydia 's dreams became more vivid and Margie 's calls continued in the weeks that followed .
tr	I	He saw rope marks circling her neck , and he unbuttoned the collar of her dress .
tr	I	They spoke almost together , but she was faster .
tr	O	Needing answers , Arthur started his investigation with the orchids , but too many of the city 's flower shops sold them .
tr	O	Then he gathered her into his fierce embrace , and Verity forgot all about the future as she lost herself in the fire of their mutual passion .
tr	I	She wielded a spear , and the other horseman was a woman with short black hair , slender figure .
tr	O	My dress is missing , and my wedding is Saturday .
tr	O	Zoltan 's idea wasn 't bad , but it would severely limit their mobility .
tr	O	I talk to James , often , but obviously he doesn 't hear me .
tr	I	She also knew that she was dying , but she knew she wasn 't dead .
tr	I	He had never once taken that opportunity , and he 'd had many chances to kill her , to use her , to drain her .
tr	I	In the end , that 's probably what the father wanted all along , and you let him get it off his chest .
tr	I	The old couple were told to put their money away , and they shook hands .
tr	O	I didn 't figure Dad would say anything about my arm , but I stil feel my body sagging a bit .
tr	I	Instead she caught him fighting back whatever inner demon he denied having , but Julia glanced over her shoulder expecting to see Gio smiling .
tr	O	The electrician explained that he knew one of the camp guards , and the man would be in the tavern in town that night .
tr	I	He 'd perversely refused to release her and Charlotte had wanted to cancel the wedding .
tr	I	His top lip was curled in a sneer , and he crossed his arms over his chest .
tr	I	Instead of leading her into the house , he started to walk toward the cabin , but Daniel picked her up .
tr	I	Her grandfather was overbearing and her brother was flippant .
tr	O	She had never heard of that spell , but it sounded as if it could work .
tr	O	He wanted more than anything to say them , but when he tried to they hung unsaid on his lips .
tr	O	I agreed with a good part of the message , but it no longer filled me with the fire it once had .
tr	O	Nicole raised a hand to ring the doorbell , but the door flew open before she could .
tr	I	I still didn 't cry out , but I couldn 't prevent the tears from filling my eyes .
tr	O	He felt like home , and for just that night , I pretended like he still was .
tr	I	Then the world went black , and Pain exploded in her head .
tr	O	She was still screaming , but the sound weakened as the men continued their ruthless attempt to render her unconscious .
tr	I	The realization made him sick for Emily , and Jacob could see it in the boy 's eyes .
tr	I	There was always an air pocket I couldn 't get out , but I tried a bunch of times .
tr	I	I can 't find the energy , but I open my mouth to scream .
tr	I	The table grew quiet , and the note was sour .
tr	I	She was fading from me quickly , but my wolf howled .
tr	O	The pressure was gone , but he felt extremely dizzy .
tr	O	The Dome seemed like a logical target , but we didn 't know where it was .
tr	O	We proved to be too much for the hammock and it tipped , dumping us out .
tr	O	If we move we may spook them , and then they will be watching for us .
tr	I	Something appeared different , but tears in Miranda 's lovesick eyes had pretty much been the norm these last few days .
tr	O	I hit the buzzer for Bridget 's apartment number , and after a few moments , she buzzes me in .
tr	I	When Charlie answered , I had no idea what to say , but from the sanctuary of my hotel room , I called my best friend .
tr	I	It was time to close the deal and they had been negotiating with Vector for several months .
tr	I	The door was closed on her and giving it up as a bad job , Miriam walked into the cell .
tr	I	He pulled out two blue ceramic mugs and the microwave dinged .
tr	I	Nothing came out , but Jace opened his mouth to say he 'd live .
tr	O	It didn 't stop her worrying about his work , but they both felt special to be living amongst civilians .
tr	I	A lot of men in Gavin 's position could have backgrounds similar to his , but sure , there were some similarities .
tr	I	I have the very thing , and we need the proverbial herring .
tr	I	The man knew it , and she had nothing left .
tr	O	The boots had been replaced with ballet flats , and she 'd traded the tight black pants for a lacy , flowing skirt .
tr	I	Rose did the same right back and Skye stared at her .
tr	O	Warmth rushed through her body , and she couldn 't help herself .
tr	O	She glanced around and her eyes popped .
tr	O	She was still calm and it was impossible for him to read her mind .
tr	O	They appeared in state of confusion , but a controlled state it seemed .
tr	I	I turned to face him and I pushed against his arm , surprisingly it loosened .
tr	I	It felt like home and it was all familiar .
tr	O	I thought Marcie might have retreated to her room , but instead she was waiting for us in the kitchen .
tr	O	I laughed until my stomach hurt and tears rolled down my cheeks .
tr	O	Her heart beat frantically against his chest , and she trembled from head to toe .
tr	O	I 've never even been asked on a date and now I have .
tr	O	He dreamed of the zombies and he got no rest .
tr	O	He had been being beaten for five hours and he knew how bizarre his story sounded .
tr	O	I told her I wanted my pores squeaky clean and to look fresh .
tr	O	Maybe they were , but she wasn 't .
tr	I	He was shaking like a leaf and he was still holding the gun .
tr	O	That kiss had felt amazing , and it flipped a switch inside her .
tr	O	I shivered , and Jakob pulled me into his arms .
tr	I	There was a smudge of dirt on her cheek , and her mouth was half open .
tr	O	His stunning eyes turned to me and a bright smile lit up his face , sending a jolt through my heart .
tr	O	Her eyes had adjusted and now she could see her father lying alone .
tr	I	A voice from behind called to me , but I started to speak .
tr	I	It was all a mean-spirited joke and we could have fallen backward to Earth , pretending we 'd been teasing each other .
tr	I	I looked back at Etienne and I forced myself to smile a small smile at Lucien , take in the elegant dining room where we were seated .
tr	O	She points us to the tangs and I root through a couple , trying to find one with solid tips .
tr	I	All dark thoughts faded away and he tightened his arm around my shoulders .
tr	O	The man is the trunk of a family , but the woman is its root .
tr	O	He 's a nice guy , but he just won 't talk about his first marriage .
tr	O	At least the Shadows had hid some of the bruising , but in full light , Thomas was in severely rough shape .
tr	I	The tragedy last night seems to have kept most inside this morning , but ordinarily there would be a few people wandering around .
tr	I	He sat in a matching chair and I sat on a cane sofa with flowery upholstery .
tr	O	The phone at her bedside rang , and she rolled over to answer it .
tr	O	Her eyes were closed and she was weeping nearly uncontrollably .
tr	O	Her husband touched her chin with gentle fingers , and she looked up at him .
tr	I	She wasn 't willing to risk losing it and Amelie had a second chance at love .
tr	I	The baby doesn 't seem to be in any distress , and I don 't think it 's attached to the cord .
tr	I	He shook his head , chuckling and I smiled at him .
tr	O	He 'd had very little time to arrange it , but he 'd pulled off a pretty decent New Year 's Eve bash .
tr	O	He left his hands on her shoulders and she pretended to be relaxed .
tr	I	Then she fell in behind him as he strode inside , and Sean 's answering grin stoked the heat already burning in her .
tr	O	Miguel rattled the translation , and the entire group seemed to smile .
tr	O	My uncle nodded , and she smiled .
tr	I	A revitalizing breeze rustled through the trees , but the fresh air was thick with moisture .
tr	I	I had to scream when he threw me across the room into a wall and he sped my way , grabbed me by the shoulders .
tr	I	I wanted it now , and I wanted fire .
tr	I	I swallowed down panic , and the emptiness in my hands suddenly felt very real .
tr	O	A bit of her French twist had come undone , and a few tendrils spilled over her shoulders .
tr	O	The noise level was considerable , but Summer didn 't mind .
tr	I	I could barely breathe , and I couldn 't see .
tr	O	Maybe it was part superstition , but mostly it was just self-preservation .
tr	O	Her fingers curled around the back of a chair and she slipped into it , folding her hands neatly in her lap .
tr	I	His skin was a dark bronzed color , shimmering slightly like metal and his mouth was a very thin line with hardly any visible lip .
tr	I	He needed the reassurance of her touch , but he wanted to ask her to stop , thinking it wasn 't right .
tr	I	I ignored it , but Desire stirred .
tr	I	You run away and take your friends .
tr	I	They probed , boring in , always trying to penetrate every surface they found and they were light blue .
tr	I	He was also much broader , and he stood much taller than the other players .
tr	I	I 'd like to talk to him , but it might be pointless .
tr	O	He reached the bottom safely on his feet , but the momentum almost drove him to his knees .
tr	O	She stuck her head into the dining room , but it , too , was empty .
tr	I	It seemed there was no end to them and more were coming .
tr	I	There was a mad push for the doors and a panic overtook the young crowds .
tr	O	He hated thinking about her , talking about her , and I 'm sure he never wanted to see her again .
tr	I	My father 's face softens and Edward holds out his hand .
tr	I	I was in too deep to leave , and I was Stefan Salvatore .
tr	I	The shadow under the door vanished , but she never heard the woman leave .
tr	I	That is exactly what you do need , but you say you don 't need protection .
tr	I	It was very strange to see it in other 's eyes , but I had become very familiar seeing it often in my reflection .
tr	O	My fingers rubbed the outside of his hardness , and I gasped as it moved against my palm .
tr	O	The crowd went nuts again , and Chase had to quiet them .
tr	I	Yet they let the half breed live , and it still amazed him how dangerous the other couple was .
tr	I	Her greed to taste him made her attempt to , but she couldn 't take him all in .
tr	O	I expected to see Ah Chuy Kak thrashing on the floor below , but when I looked down the stairs , he wasn 't anywhere in sight .
tr	I	She wasn 't there , but he tried one last time to reach her mind , to salvage his trust in her .
tr	I	The silence folded back around them and the truck roared away .
tr	O	I tugged at the collar , but it wouldn 't come off .
tr	O	After that came static , what sounded like the phone dropping , and then the voice mail ended .
tr	I	How different it 'd been from anything he 'd experienced before , and thoughts about Kelly , last night .
tr	O	I raised my hand and we all stopped .
tr	O	My eyes widened , and I smiled .
tr	O	He 'd heard the worst , and he hadn 't run screaming .
tr	I	The pieces all came from different directions , but he brought up his saber to defend himself .
tr	O	There had been the moment when the creature was blasted away by an invisible wall ... But it was impossible for Dorian to have power .
tr	O	Once my cast is set , we leave the hospital to go back home , and my father is silent the entire way .
tr	O	Neil had left , and Zoe was standing up , no doubt off to take the car out .
tr	O	On her lap was a folder and he could guess what had happened .
tr	O	She was nude and the room was chilly .
tr	O	Harlow 's eyes went wide and I bit back a smile .
tr	I	All the lights went out again , and Sheridan gave a low throaty laugh .
tr	O	I am desperate to put some sort of barrier between us or I fear I will throw myself at him like some simpering maid .
tr	O	His voice was stern , and I rolled my eyes .
tr	O	The thought has my stomach clenching , and I look across at Ethan , who is busy watching me admire his creation .
tr	I	I was slightly nervous and this excursion was going to be a new experience for me .
tr	I	It 's impossible to mistake the silent examination that follows , but he always bursts into a smile when he sees me .
tr	O	I wrapped my arm around his waist and we wandered out of the weapons room .
tr	I	I regretted my decision almost immediately and the cement was cold on my feet .
tr	I	They travel and they book tickets .
tr	O	His shirt was torn , one arm dripping blood , and there was another ugly cut high on his cheekbone .
tr	O	This reincarnation thing they were all talking about was very strange , but maybe he could make some sense out of it .
tr	O	No one was ever caught and that was the story today .
tr	I	Unfortunately there was no way to prove that yet , but it also seemed logical that Shipley was the killer .
tr	I	He hardly spoke to me , and I met him the other day .
tr	O	She had upended her parents ' bottle before leaving the house , along with Deborah , and she had put two more joints on top of it .
tr	I	He looked at Ash , and his face became sad .
tr	I	They talked about art and he showed her his paintings .
tr	O	I know this doesn 't make much sense but I could barely make out any of his features , anything that made him human .
tr	O	The restaurant was full of customers , and yet there Lauren stood , doing nothing .
tr	O	You kept telling me you weren 't ready , but I heard only what I wanted to hear .
tr	I	I will need your help , but I will try to stall her .
tr	O	When he had finished , the captains shouted and the horns blared .
tr	I	Her eyes were of deep blue sea color and her skin was smooth as silk , without a blemish , well taken care of .
tr	I	So flat he doubted if it would float and it was well past its use by date .
tr	O	She didn 't overly flaunt hers , but she didn 't hide it either .
tr	I	The bird would take flight , and all she had to do was slap them down .
tr	I	They stepped into the car , pushing the button for the seventh floor , and the elevator doors opened right then .
tr	O	I walk back to the bench and my eyes instantly go to Luke .
tr	I	I heard the rattle of keys and she fished in her jeans pocket .
tr	I	My breaths were painful , and I struggled to move .
tr	O	She kept talking and he kept glowering .
tr	O	They looked a lot firmer than he thought they would and he yearned to squeeze them .
tr	I	Naturally I declined his offer , and now he wants them back .
tr	I	Tempers flared again , as vampires hurled curses at me , and someone yelled out .
tr	O	JP 's eyes lit up and he did the same , puffing out long streams of clouds , then a row of small ones .
tr	I	The weight of it on my arm makes the situation seem more real and I look at the chronometer on my wrist .
tr	I	I let him sleep on the rug in the living room and sometimes he comes over to my place .
tr	O	She doubted if hearing Holiday say she thought everything was going to be okay would take the edge off the fear , but she had to try .
tr	O	I had never thought of Chad as small , but he had nothing compared to Bastian .
tr	O	They got along well and the chemistry hadn 't been a one-time fluke .
tr	I	Many began to flee and they drowned in flames .
tr	I	A wintry finger of ice swept down his spine and droplets of sweat were taking form on the back of his neck .
tr	I	I stiffened , thinking of my department cell strapped under the seat and a cell phone rang .
tr	O	I started to stand , but my left leg gave out .
tr	O	I asked , and he nodded .
tr	I	I know what he does , I said , but I don 't know him .
tr	O	He rolled me on my back , and the snow made me gasp .
tr	O	It was only four days previously , but it now seemed very remote indeed .
tr	O	The Princess is in hiding and he wants us to help him find her !
tr	I	There it was and she pushed her way behind the pile of boxes , looked up .
tr	I	She felt the floodgates break between them and his eyes popped open .
tr	O	Vlad 's voice came out of thin air , but a shadow formed at the end of her bed , shaped itself , then coalesced .
tr	O	She had checked the controls before escaping into the tent , and she knew the charge was already beginning to weaken .
tr	O	He 's smiling at first , still in the middle of his little game , but when he feels my lips , his smile dissolves .
tr	O	I rubbed his knuckles , and even they seemed broken like the man in front of me .
tr	I	I 'm an excellent climber and you did it before .
tr	I	My words were jumbled in my brain , but I wanted to end the awkward silence .
tr	I	That night I caught them , and I believed her lies instead .
tr	O	Once , Ramsey had not only been Duncan 's best friend , but he had also been the best vampire hunter in the business .
tr	O	Gregori 's face paled visibly , and he sat down abruptly .
tr	I	I resisted the urge , but I considered texting Ashton to let him know that I needed more cheering up .
tr	I	He wouldn 't wake up , but I tried to ask him what was happening .
tr	O	I 'm the oldest and I feel responsible for the others .
tr	O	My elbow hit the ground hard and I ground my teeth .
tr	O	Within minutes an ambulance arrived and the body was carried on a stretcher past the crowd .
tr	I	I felt strangely unbalanced and my head was spinning .
tr	I	The straps held me down , but I tried to get up .
tr	O	The frame cracked and several strings popped .
tr	I	They passed through and the scout took care of the formalities .
tr	O	I let Christian pull me into him , and I cried against his shirt .
tr	I	Anyway he 's got tenure , and he owes me a couple of favors .
tr	I	He found himself in the medical ward at the academy and his eyes opened .
tr	I	I don 't know why , and I can 't .
tr	I	This , she could not accept , but she 'd wrapped her brain around plenty of implausible scenarios during her career .
tr	O	She moved backwards , holding her hands up to shield her eyes , and the creature moved behind her .
tr	O	There had once been a separate entrance to the kitchen to the right of Papa 's chair , but my father had closed it up .
tr	I	All four of them closed their eyes right before they hit the wall , and they followed .
tr	I	The crowd gave room to us as it could , and my crazed screaming painted me insane even to myself .
tr	O	The pressure of Stefan 's fingers increased against my leg and I could only stare open mouthed at Georgia .
tr	I	A good deal more clever , and she 's as determined as her brother .
tr	I	Yet he didn 't and he knew him .
tr	O	Emily Fields nearly missed the flyer , too , but her closest swimming friend , Gemma Curran , looked over .
tr	O	Ted Watson will eventually be handed over to them and that 's the last we shall see of him .
tr	O	She couldn 't even open her eyes , and before he could say anything she drifted off once more .
tr	O	I should be thrilled , but it feels like something inside me has died .
tr	O	You can 't really prepare effectively for the game and you 're anxious until it 's over .
tr	I	Graham didn 't hide his disgust , and the smell of fear was rank .
tr	O	We came upon a large rock , and Jared motioned for me to sit .
tr	I	Blaire 's footsteps echoed as she came down the stairs and the doorbell rang again .
tr	O	Indian men had very little facial hair , and Michael looked better without his .
tr	O	My dad needs as much help as he can get holding up the farm , and the people around here aren 't the most able-bodied folks either .
tr	I	Some of them were awake , and there were people close by .
tr	I	They 'd both lose everything or Ethan needed to remain stable .
tr	O	I could feel my leg muscle spasm , and still he kept hammering away at me .
tr	I	Her struggles had ceased , but Blood trickled from the corner of her mouth .
tr	I	I looked up , confused , and before either of us could say another word , the sky darkened .
tr	O	We 're still here , and we 're getting stronger .
tr	I	Something had gone wrong , but the generator roared steadily behind its plywood partition .
tr	I	I paused as I heard my phone ringing and I sang to myself as I changed .
tr	O	My heart skipped a beat for reasons unknown , and I grabbed hold of his hand .
tr	O	He reaches for the handle , placing his hand over mine , and the knife begins to wiggle .
tr	I	I didn 't have to like it , but it happened a lot in my business .
tr	O	The horse started to gallop , and before anyone could do anything to stop her , the mare raced at breakneck speed for the fence .
tr	O	The slightest measure of pain faded from his expression , and he ghosted his hand over the line of her jaw .
tr	O	Lips are moving , but I make out no sound .
tr	O	He briefly entertained the thought of approaching her anyway , but when he looked around again , she was gone .
tr	I	After listening to their conversation , he 'd changed his mind , but he hadn 't intended to interact with those inside .
tr	I	I 'd have nothing and they 'd leave me .
tr	I	Then he would go to his clinic a few streets over , and it took Dad forty minutes to drive us there every morning .
tr	I	It was nothing more than a brunch , but the sight seemed to upset her when she saw they were alone .
tr	I	Nothing happened , but I cringed , expecting to be attacked , bitten , mutilated .
tr	I	I 'm so sorry that I lied to you and I had to have you .
tr	I	They will not see what I saw , and it will not be the same web .
tr	I	The springs creaked and he leaned back in his chair .
tr	O	Dean screamed , once , and then there was silence .
tr	O	She hadn 't seen him all evening , and she hated to contemplate where he might have been .
tr	I	The jabs kept her from moving forward , but Lea blocked them .
tr	O	Memories brought her color up high , and her nostrils flared .
tr	O	It was his last night , and he , among few others , felt no fear of the dark .
tr	O	She hung up before replying , but again , I ignored it .
tr	O	He drew nearer , and Landon stepped forward to block his path .
tr	O	I ran straight thought the courtyard toward the outer temple that led to the exit , but standing there was a strange , little man .
tr	I	I feed less often this way and one full drain keeps it back .
tr	I	He gave a little squeeze , and his hands found my ass .
tr	I	It felt real to me , but deep down , I knew the marriage wasn 't legal .
tr	O	It 's forty billion people and there are few other worlds with even a tenth of its population .
tr	I	The day 's events rushed into her mind , but Myra tried .
tr	O	I felt certain , and Ula knew him .
tr	I	Perhaps it was the stress of the situation , or already it was becoming troublesome having her around .
tr	I	His simple statement wounded her , but his tone was not accusatory , just matter-of-fact .
tr	O	She knew from her books that some people never really grew up , never matured , but they were considered adults because they were older .
tr	O	Tyler already respected the heck out of Sarah Chance , but this discussion added a new layer of high regard .
tr	I	I 'm not worried about winning any popularity contests , and I 'm not running for public office .
tr	O	He said you needed help last night and he didn 't know until it was too late .
tr	I	It sure wasn 't the saddle of a pampered little rich girl , and the leather was in prime condition , as supple as it was strong .
tr	I	When Johnnie announced it was the last song , Jess had a sudden feeling of being let down and the show could have lasted for hours .
tr	O	You didn 't answer your phone all night and you 're just waking up .
tr	O	I felt bad about lying to get her out of the room , but Cora was quick on her feet .
tr	I	I took an involuntary step back , and my eyes fixed on the gun .
tr	O	My fists closed into balls and I felt a thousand needles attacking my right palm .
tr	O	Which made my forthcoming request even less comprehensible when you got right down to it , but I had been reared to protect others .
tr	O	I hadn 't been on a lot of dates but this was probably the oddest one .
tr	I	Laurence was surprised by his vehemence , and he was almost fierce about it .
tr	I	I decide to let Lacey have a night of peace , vowing to harass her tomorrow , and Cas walks back into the main room .
tr	O	George saw the impact , of course , but he couldn 't remember feeling it .
tr	I	I must admit it made me so excited to see him again , and the girls hammered me over Seth .
tr	O	Instinctively I felt the truth in them , and I would be lying if I said that in that moment , he didn 't scare me .
tr	O	When Ty picks a seat , I notice he sits as far away from Kristen as possible , but she crawls over next to him anyway .
tr	I	I was arrogant enough to think I did , but I don 't have the ability to do any sort of professional evaluation .
tr	I	I stop to pick up a pastry and my stomach rumbles .
tr	O	She wasn 't going to believe me , and trust was out of the question .
tr	O	The sea becomes calm and the sun begins to shine .
tr	I	The park nowhere near as quiet as it was then , and Tonight was bitterly cold .
tr	I	He 'll still get hurt , but if you want to save Zander , you have to stop her .
tr	I	He himself was absolutely shattered , but William sensed that tiredness wasn 't the reason Tabitha didn 't want to continue right now .
tr	I	He hated speaking of his origin and he was way too tired .
tr	I	His mind remained on Anne , but Chapter 4 Benjamin Stanford III , known as Ben for short , followed his stepsister back to their group .
tr	O	The girl knelt down in the garden beside the cottage door , and she started to pull weeds as she hummed happily to herself .
tr	I	None so poor as I am ; but they are a few poor men given to thought .
tr	I	Devin takes my carry-on bag and I 'm traveling light .
tr	I	Mike had already seen the text , but Aria was about to cover the screen .
tr	I	I also didn 't feel like fighting , but I didn 't feel like being bossed around by him .
tr	O	They talked for hours and Darcy couldn 't remember any other time she had felt so free to talk about whatever came to mind .
tr	O	I braced for it ; and when he shifted , bumping against me , I was surprised by what he must be dreaming .
tr	I	She had barely survived and her parents were killed .
tr	O	He barely managed to grit the words , but he had to say them .
tr	I	The darkness made it hard to see very far ahead , and the water in the tunnels had washed much of his blood away .
tr	O	He hadn 't liked me from the start and the feeling was wholeheartedly reciprocated .
tr	O	He was clear of the woods but he knew he needed to keep running to get away .
tr	O	His humor tended to the sardonic , and they had had many laughs together at the expense of the king 's household .
tr	O	Hayden had been giving her mixed signals , and she didn 't want to push him .
tr	I	The human in her gave her greater resistance , but her iron cuffs made magic hard to use .
tr	I	I switched to it , looking at her photo and her LinkedIn profile was open in one of the tabs in my browser .
tr	I	I really needed to watch what I say , and she was sensitive these days .
tr	I	I would never admit my real feelings to her , but sure , I could tell Courtney that I 'm crushing on him .
tr	I	We held together , but another blast caught our right flank , jolting us badly .
tr	I	Sucking in air takes all my effort , but I want to curse back at him .
tr	O	Her spirit seemed caught in the branches and he had to pause to figure out how to get her free .
tr	I	For some reason , they wouldn 't disappear , but she stabbed at the keypad to delete both the photos .
tr	O	Now he was still driving toward downtown Nashville , but the fire had gone out of his eyes .
tr	O	He was a brave , brave man and she knew her mother would be proud .
tr	I	She was grateful he 'd backed off , and Angelica 's knees had started feeling rubbery .
tr	O	There was a lot of left over resentment in the south in general and it was particularly prevalent in South Carolina .
tr	I	She cried out as I nibbled on her now extremely hard nipple and I moved my mouth over to her other breast .
tr	I	I 'm taking calculus and Tam has history this term .
tr	O	He pressed one to my lips and I accepted it , chewing thoughtfully .
tr	O	He knew she realized he was teasing because her lips pursed up with annoyance and he laughed outright at her expression .
tr	I	They swirled violently around her , but they didn 't touch her skin .
tr	O	I screamed as I tried to pull away , but the guards ' hold on me only tightened .
tr	O	Then I open the door , and he 's standing there with a single rose in his hand .
tr	I	I placed my own on top of it and her hand was pressed into the seat of the booth .
tr	I	She dips into icy ocean water , and her gills emerge .
tr	I	I really felt like we connected , but maybe it was naive of me .
tr	I	It made him wrinkle his nose , but he couldn 't put his finger on it .
tr	I	She gave him those for his sash , and soon all that remained were her panties .
tr	O	It would be faster to move through the dancing couples , but that would only cause a stir .
tr	I	She couldn 't look away , and his gaze locked with hers .
tr	I	She liked it , but God help her .
tr	O	I tell Doyle it isn 't normal and he laughs at me .
tr	O	I 'm not sure why I 'm not using a normal tone , since I 'm not in there and she can 't hear me .
tr	O	I 'd bought the shoes and I was enchanted with myself .
tr	O	He slashed at the soldier 's side but his armor protected him .
tr	O	I 'm exhausted and I need some sleep .
tr	I	She was learning to choose her battles , but she would have tried to stop him .
tr	O	This was not a question I would have asked of Adrian , but I didn 't mind because I felt hidden behind Irina .
tr	I	If I were wearing one , I wouldn 't have felt uncomfortable either , but there was no need for a jacket .
tr	O	She sounded rational , but there was something wild in her eyes .
tr	I	She knew better than to expect to change it at this late hour , and Severance had made up his mind .
tr	I	He never would have noticed and a herd of cattle could have thundered by .
tr	O	She 'd wondered what position they would use due to her ankle injury and it was now obvious that Gray had given that some thought as well .
tr	I	A flight of metal stairs descends and the plane 's door quickly opens .
tr	O	In fact she left yesterday and the place is now empty .
tr	O	A group of professional gamblers had gathered around the roulette table and their chips were piling up like leaves around an autumn tree .
tr	O	His father had pissed him off in the worst way and he didn 't know if he would ever forgive him .
tr	I	I hadn 't even known , and I had broken her .
tr	I	I grab onto his bicep , my head flying back for another swirl and his fingers swirl over my cl * t .
tr	O	I don 't know why you 're here , but I don 't have time for this .
tr	I	Nothing really has clicked , but I 've been on a couple of dates since .
tr	I	Rigel is the name of his foot , and Betelgeuse is on Orion 's left shoulder .
tr	I	I pulled myself up slowly to see if everything was still intact , and I must have fallen at least fifteen feet .
tr	I	A red weal appeared , welling blood , and it struck the demon 's gray hide .
tr	I	It was not her only side , but it was a role she nurtured .
tr	I	He entered hesitantly , and the door slid open .
tr	O	This one hit him hard enough to blast him away from Archer , and he crumpled to the ground .
tr	I	The question of their future still left her feeling unsettled , but she knew it was the only thing he could say .
tr	I	I am certainly fascinated by him , but I 'm not in the market for a husband .
tr	O	She could picture the room , but it all seemed unfamiliar in the darkness .
tr	I	He acknowledged with a small nod , and I slid Jeff a quick glance .
tr	O	She hadn 't woken , but he could feel her .
tr	O	I could see it in her eyes and it made me shrink inside .
tr	O	I slap his arm and he laughs softly .
tr	O	Robert 's question startled her , and she spilt coffee across the table .
tr	O	Hunger gnawed at Mikhail , but that , too , was kept at bay .
tr	I	Jake recognised him as Peter White , and the man walked towards the door .
tr	O	Barbs bit into her palm but that was it .
tr	O	Gage 's eyelids pop up , and he 's staring at me again .
tr	I	She was too drained to ask , and Carol didn 't know what she 'd done that could be considered unreasonable .
tr	O	Its weight crushed her chest , and she couldn 't breathe .
tr	I	She didn 't want him to go but Abby didn 't feel ready for visitors .
tr	O	Several hours later he woke up , but there was nothing to do .
tr	I	She fought it away , but the familiar smell of his cologne wafted to her , immersing her in a wave of nostalgia .
tr	O	Angel Somoza was going to make her a wealthy woman , and with her wealth she 'd buy something priceless .
tr	I	She felt his love , but he never said he loved her .
tr	I	I reached out , ever so gently , to brush it back and a little curl had fallen onto his forehead .
tr	I	That didn 't mean she should let down her guard for a minute , but she might be behind secured walls .
tr	O	She had never understood it , but that was the way it was .
tr	I	Maybe they 're just not hungry , or not many people awake at midnight .
tr	O	I 've been included on talks with all of their leaders and they are no threat to the human population .
tr	I	I wished with all of my might and I closed my eyes .
tr	I	If Evelyn hadn 't liked Jamie , that would have made life miserable for both the girls and Elizabeth was destined to marry Robert .
tr	I	For a split second , I thought my heart would burst , and the woman turned her head in reaction to the drunken squeals .
tr	O	The white light was painfully brilliant , and the dark tendrils lashed through it like whips , like supple reaching arms .
tr	I	It wasn 't as fun as I thought it would be , but he wanted me to come to as many away games as I could .
tr	O	He wanted to call out , scream for help but he knew it would be useless .
tr	O	They knew we were coming , and they killed everyone .
tr	O	The sergeant opened a back door for me , and I slid in .
tr	I	I have never known where it was and they move their camp all the time .
tr	I	Alexandra placed her hand in his reassuring grasp , and he held out his palm , smiling reassuringly .
tr	I	Carefully , as if it were something dirty , he picked up a tiny silver key hanging on a metal tag , and he reached slowly upward .
tr	I	He knew it was a name for the devil , but he didn 't know nothing about Mephistopheles .
tr	I	He didn 't respond , but I called after him .
tr	I	Conviction drove her to the altar and her chest tightened during the sermon .
tr	I	His dark green polo pulled slightly to contain his girth and his shoulders were broad .
tr	I	She 'd be powerless to stop him and Raw panic tore through her as she realized he could do anything to her .
tr	O	The air stirred beside them and Celeste materialized with Eric .
tr	O	He strode toward me and my anxiety peaked again .
tr	I	The mansion had an empty , deserted feeling and there was no one around .
tr	I	He seated us and she told the host we wanted a table for six .
tr	O	I was in no way ready to get married , but Trevor was clearly not afraid of commitment , having already been married .
tr	O	I signaled to the bartender I was ready for more water and he chuckled at me from where he stood .
tr	I	When I say sitting I mean swallowing with her ass , and the woman behind the counter was sitting on a stool .
tr	O	It carried with it a desperate plea , and she trembled .
tr	O	They made light of it , but they all knew it would not be playing in the park .
tr	I	She 'd love this , but Jackie wouldn 't want flowers as an apology .
tr	I	These are desperate times , but they 're usually peaceful .
tr	I	He still had the remnants of a small scab , but after five days , the bruise had faded .
tr	O	The blisters were big , exposing huge areas of raw flesh , and he poured disinfectant on the open sores .
tr	I	It sounded like she was talking in another language but the teacher called on him to answer the question .
tr	I	He didn 't , but most guys would have kissed me .
tr	I	You can 't take the Viking out of the man , but you can take the man out of the Viking era .
tr	I	Doctor Henry Whitman was desperately sorry that she was leaving , and Tess Moran possessed the perfect attitude for dealing with adversity .
tr	I	I see a light on in the church , but arriving at St. Ann 's , I knock on the rectory door , there is no answer .
tr	I	Surely one the Cane could deal with , but the rodents could be a nuisance , of course .
tr	I	He buried his face in her neck and his arms stole around her .
tr	O	I had the cigarettes , but if I couldn 't light them , I couldn 't smoke them .
tr	O	Adria begins to pace and she 's growing more restless every passing second .
tr	I	He knew it had been nothing like this , but David could scarcely remember what life had been like back in Indianapolis before Janie had died .
tr	O	The little black skirt she was wearing barely covered her ass , and she had on high black boots that came to her knees .
tr	I	Looking down at her body and floating up to the ceiling !
tr	I	Some of your vitals show a strange glitch but the time register didn 't show a gap .
tr	I	The boy 's eyes bulge in fear , and the archer 's hands are around Jacques 's neck .
tr	O	There was a tournament a week from Saturday and I was down to work the entire day .
tr	O	The ground shook and mounds of dirt began cascading into the hole .
tr	O	God I love him so much , but I can 't do this anymore .
tr	O	The snow laid on the streets and it wasn 't easy to walk through .
tr	I	She realized her mistake and he gripped her arm tight .
tr	I	I was out and it slammed open .
tr	O	Tristan nodded , but his hands gripped the sides of the Tutor tightly .
tr	O	Tench leaned across the desk , and Gabrielle could smell her nicotine breath .
tr	I	They 'll be on their way and all I have to do is send one of them a text .
tr	O	The only food he had besides broth spices was a few handfuls of meal , but he pulled some out .
tr	O	She 'd smile at Dad like that and Dad would give her anything she wanted .
tr	O	She was begging for forgiveness , but she didn 't need to .
tr	O	Tears built behind my eyes , and the urge to run kicked me in the stomach again .
tr	O	Raina had called him first , but he 'd been otherwise engaged .
tr	I	They were all he could do , but these small measures would take a great deal of time to repair his reputation .
tr	O	No one knew she was here , and there didn 't seem to be anyone else in the castle .
tr	O	This time , he wasn 't careful of my hair and I didn 't care .
tr	I	I thought it was time for me to learn what I was missing and she kept eluding to that time .
tr	O	Conner wasn 't built like a body builder , but from working on the farm his whole life , he had muscles in all the right places .
tr	I	She was gone and the flames died down .
tr	I	Claire waved at the bartender , calling out a greeting and the bar was decently full when we stepped inside .
tr	O	Everything isn 't perfect yet , but we 're working things out .
tr	O	Add to that the exceptional berry crop , and there was every reason to celebrate .
tr	O	We realized it might not be enough to create the vapor , but it was all we had .
tr	O	They had messed up his kitchen , and now they were going to pay .
tr	O	They 'd landed half a mile from his mansion , and two limos had been waiting to drive them there .
tr	I	Joe held her fast , but Allie tried to wriggle free , to let Kirk in .
tr	I	His efforts revealed nothing , but Toren searched his mind for the work she seemed so concerned about .
tr	O	Goldie baked a small pizza for the girls , and they munched on the toasted cheese with gusto .
tr	I	I knew without looking that it was the belt , and I felt something resting on the small of my back .
tr	I	My stuff is your stuff and your stuff is my stuff .
tr	O	This is the difference and it slams into me like a concrete wall .
tr	I	I 'd always be partial to my own children , but Adina was a cute little thing .
tr	O	The SUV stopped , and Paul leaned out the window .
tr	I	Mostly , so he wouldn 't lose it , but the hat was in his hand now , to let the wind whip back his shoulder-length hair .
tr	O	He would have liked a drink of water to moisten his throat , but there was none available .
tr	O	He could walk out on me , but it was worth the chance to try .
tr	I	He waved her over and Peter was among them .
tr	O	The elevator stopped and the doors opened .
tr	O	He was sure it was scraped off from time to time , or else the cave would have been blocked long ago .
tr	I	His hand closed over her shoulder and he came up behind her in the corridor .
tr	I	She was dangling this decadent body of hers without mercy to my rabid cock , and one whole bloody week .
tr	O	She had to do something drastic or soon she 'd be as dead as that guard .
tr	I	It swung open and I yanked on the back door until the lock broke .
tr	I	They seemed right enough , but I wasn 't sure if the words were elegant enough .
tr	O	The odd timing gave the priest pause , but he took Celestino 's hand in his own .
tr	O	I 've lived my whole life under the shadow of my sister , and I guess I never really stopped to think about who I was .
tr	O	Vee 's eyes were fixed over my shoulder , and her expression darkened to a scowl .
tr	O	I give the bike a little gas and she grabs me around the waist again .
tr	I	He said as much , and she looked as if she had thoroughly enjoyed walking out of her job .
tr	O	Irritation flooded me , and my jaw hardened .
tr	O	It 's an odd way to feel good about oneself , but I guess I 'm a bit of an odd girl .
tr	I	I feel no emotion at all at the sight , and Chapter 10 Knox is coming into view before me .
tr	O	We fell silent again , and the seconds seemed to stretch on forever .
tr	O	Tears of pain were glistening in her sister 's eyes , but they were overshadowed by the crazed look , glowing with fury .
tr	O	Ashish was watching her face and his mischievous self grabbed a chance .
tr	I	There was snow on the ground so I needed the coat , and Daryl Harper was there to meet me when the plane landed .
tr	O	She 's the worst sort ; totally unpredictable , and she 'll pup in the next few days .
tr	O	He had known she had went to see Dr. Phyllis but she hadn 't spoken a word to him about her visit .
tr	O	Last night had been particularly brutal , and I had no desire to revisit the scene of the suffering .
tr	O	It took some time for everyone to acclimate , but they finally found their place in the world .
tr	O	Then her mother had died before Luna reached puberty , and Luna had gone through her first shift with no support at all .
tr	I	Feeling that way sent a whole new level of guilt through her , and she could finally do what she wanted to do .
tr	O	The sun had dropped below the horizon and the sea glowed opalescent blue behind the stage .
tr	O	I need to call my boss , and I 'm going to the moment I find a phone .
tr	I	She exhibited nothing so base as only a sexual energy , and she was in her early to mid-thirties .
tr	O	You 're my best friend , and I totally respect you for that .
tr	I	The fear of being caught stealing the last magical powers of the dying had spurred him on but the act of killing had repulsed him .
tr	I	Esme remembered when the old man had moved in with her , and Thomas Duncan 's daughter had lived in the house .
tr	O	She may not be blood , but your brother sees her as his daughter .
tr	I	Now I 'm getting nervous and I sent the text over an hour ago .
tr	O	He regarded me with thinly veiled interest , and his eyes swept over my bandaged neck .
tr	O	Hutto stepped aside and we went in .
tr	I	Even this late , the base was busy , and it was past midnight .
tr	I	I realized as his head came down that he was going to kiss me instead , and he leaned over to whisper something in my ear .
tr	O	We cannot do that , but we can contain him until the right time comes .
tr	O	She was missing the little finger of her right hand , and blood was pouring out of the wound .
tr	O	I heard Denver try to move , but he couldn 't pull himself forward .
tr	O	I 'm sure his eyes turn glassy , but they 're normal when he turns back to face me again .
tr	I	I knew he wasn 't actually serious , but I rolled my eyes , hoping he meant me .
tr	I	He never wanted to spend a second without her and she was more wonderful than the endless blue see could ever be .
tr	I	I , of course , came to her rescue and her bookstore was closed due to the snow .
tr	O	Listening for the bikes with constant paranoia , I 've synced with our environment , and I act before I know what 's coming .
tr	I	His fear no longer bothers me so much , and then I see what the boy has dropped .
tr	I	I was already getting a headache , and we 'd been here ten minutes .
tr	I	He feared calling out , but Painter lifted an arm , acknowledging that he was fine .
tr	O	I heard a low thud and I jumped up , still searching the shadows for something , someone .
tr	I	Then James told her about the bathroom incident , and on the way home they had a good laugh about what had happened over the sleeping arrangements .
tr	O	It was late and he was tired .
tr	O	You have a lot of gold to mine here , Darling , and I think you 're just getting started .
tr	O	I took my time , hoping the hot water would wash away my doubts , but nothing helped .
tr	I	There were many ferries one could take , and there was one train station .
tr	I	At the same time the reflection began to change and the dome grew .
tr	I	Then held the gun in a two-handed grip , and he glanced out the windows to make certain that nobody was watching .
tr	I	She had other problems to solve , but nothing was OK right now .
tr	I	A new determination seemed to take hold of him , and when he finished , some rigidity had returned to his body .
tr	O	We demons get the blame , but we only open the door .
tr	O	Vic nodded seriously , and I hid my smile behind my hand .
tr	I	He gave Eric a conceding nod , but Graham 's wolf gray eyes narrowed .
tr	I	Lying so close to him she could feel his body stiffen , but his expression never altered .
tr	O	Noelle had betrayed him , and she 'd have to be punished for it .
tr	I	I was utterly alone , and the thrill of the chase was absent .
tr	I	His eyes are glued to the front , but I try to make contact with Logan .
tr	I	I think you should be dressed right now , but I apologize .
tr	I	It made me think better of Nicky 's wisdom score , and I appreciated the caution .
tr	O	I shouted , and Orson stopped .
tr	I	I want to help you , too , and I understand you want to help me .
tr	I	He is much older , but Khan is three grades above me .
tr	I	You ain 't seen nothing yet , but you think these hamsters are bad .
tr	I	Her eyes were wide with horror and both of her hands were clamped over her mouth .
tr	O	I did have a dream , and I had it many times .
tr	O	His brow lowered and small creases appeared around the corners of his eyes as he narrowed them , surveying me .
tr	I	I was sorry as soon as I said it , and it was a low blow , meant to hurt her .
tr	O	She began shivering all over , and Sean 's arms surrounded her .
tr	I	It didn 't look anything like what the other passengers were eating but Dillon was not sure just what was in the package .
tr	I	My gloves were too cumbersome , but then I tried to undo his jacket .
tr	O	There are all sorts of things I think I should be asking , but I don 't want to sound like an idiot .
tr	O	Her heart was racing so hard she had trouble breathing , but she couldn 't let her nervousness stop her .
tr	I	His hand moved down between my legs , fingers going over my clit and my eyes widened .
tr	I	He 'd wept in Thimble 's arms , and they had gotten closer since Deuce had been sent away .
tr	O	The cabin came into view and it was bigger than he remembered .
tr	I	He might be right and it was too high .
tr	O	I don 't love him and he doesn 't love me .
tr	I	I realized that this was exactly what I needed and with each stride my thoughts became clearer .
tr	O	Once she was dressed James quickly put some clothes on , and then together they walked down to the kitchen .
tr	I	The man grew still , his eyes rolling in his head and she mounted him .
tr	I	You will need the light , but the glow will be visible .
tr	I	He was satisfied that it was only one person , but he could not see who was on the porch .
tr	O	They stood face-to-face , and I worried they would fight again .
tr	I	He just felt different but Rico couldn 't quite say what .
tr	I	Then everyone received a crash course on how to use them , and Captain Walker handed out the last of the weapons to the would-be soldiers .
tr	O	We sat at the small table in his room to eat our breakfast , but I didn 't have an appetite .
tr	O	Shane held out a fist , and Eve tapped it .
tr	O	Kevin wanted to broach the subject of leaving the clinic but he didn 't think Nikki was up to the argument .
tr	I	For a moment , Serena can pretend she is in a dream and Gray creeps into the edges of her vision .
tr	O	Cutting trees and splitting wood for the entire town .
tr	I	Astrid couldn 't figure it out , but there was some meaning to it , surely .
tr	I	I sell to those that need the item and I buy from people who need the money .
tr	I	Nicolae was certain Pater was behind it , and this had been a carefully prepared battle .
tr	I	That 's why we keep to our agreement , but my mother thinks I 'll do something foolish like fall for you .
tr	O	I wanted to cry , but I wasn 't going to give him the satisfaction of seeing my tears .
tr	I	I could actually feel my face paling , and my heart seemed to stutter in my chest .
tr	O	Marie had been working there for almost eight years and she mistakenly thought Chris was her boss .
tr	I	I am very glad to say that I have accepted , and I have been offered the position of training instructor .
tr	I	James fell back into the refrigerator , closing the door in the process and his father disappeared around the corner .
tr	O	His jaw twitched , but he said nothing , as he stared ahead to the approaching riders .
tr	O	I think they expected me to lead the way , but they were crazy if they thought I intended to let them get behind me .
tr	O	That the pirate continued his activities chafed Marcus , she had no doubt , but he forced himself to wait .
tr	O	The market where I worked is there , and we found tracks in the snow .
tr	I	She instinctively threw herself to the ground and the sound of a gun exploding pierced her ears .
tr	I	I talk to my brother , Adam , almost every single day , but I don 't visit very often .
tr	I	It was impossible , but for her sake , he wished he could give her the freedom she so desired .
tr	I	Almost from the beginning of my imprisonment I have known of you , but I know little of my past .
tr	I	I buried my head in my hands and Came the echo .
tr	O	Her eyes were sunken , black pits , and when her mouth opened , razor-sharp teeth filled them .
tr	O	As it turned out , it smelled even worse in the kitchen , but at least it was empty .
tr	O	He had nothing to hide from Hunter , but the bug made him feel uneasy .
tr	O	I had noticed him in the interview , and he had the same combination on .
tr	I	What mattered was the key used , but they were all encrypted .
tr	I	I keep brushing regardless , but there 's some part of my brain reminding me that Noah can 't see me .
tr	O	Maybe it 's just me , but that please sounds kind of threatening .
tr	O	She fought against him as if trying to get away , but Angus held her tight .
tr	O	The walls were rougher here and there were heaps of stony debris that had not yet been removed .
tr	I	He 'd die before he lost another , and he 'd lost one woman he loved .
tr	I	He offered her his hand , and she answered him with a big smile .
tr	O	All with good reason ; Ruth understood that , but it saddened her .
tr	I	Then she did something new , and she rubbed Mab 's skin with oils .
tr	O	The would-be heroes bowed , and the King looked each of them briefly in the eyes as he began to speak .
tr	I	He had been pouring drinks for Madison faster than she could drink them , but Jackson might not have known Madison was under twenty-one .
tr	I	She 'd been staring down at her thin hands , and she was perched on the edge of the couch .
tr	I	Liu Hang burst in with the smell of blood and the doors flew open .
tr	I	Celeste seemed to like him , and he was definitely a sailor .
tr	O	One look at his true face , and they 'd run screaming .
tr	I	I could feel her damp cheeks against mine , and I reluctantly pulled away , just enough that our foreheads still touched .
tr	O	I jumped guiltily but of course Celia was not behind me leaning over the chair .
tr	O	No gunfire sounds , and the boots draw closer .
tr	O	Normally I would have been ripe to worship at his feet , but it 's the Adonis to his left that has me spellbound .
tr	I	He dispatched it with a quick thrust of his spear and the spider seemed to take no note of his approach .
tr	O	The leg under Jenny moved and she saw Audrey crawling away .
tr	O	She told me she wanted me back , but I don 't want her .
tr	O	He had short , curly brown hair , and he looked harmless enough .
tr	I	I nodded , and said James .
tr	I	Jaime only threw him off , slowly lowering himself to the raised comforter and Will backed away , aiming to pull Jaime with him .
tr	O	He convulsed at the gentle touch and she smiled with pure feminine power .
tr	I	She needed supervised and her father was shipping out .
tr	I	A bit of sweat trickles down my back , and the sun is directly overhead .
tr	I	When we ran the numbers , we discovered she was right , and she realized there might be a problem with Avery 's formula .
tr	O	I don 't know why our father hates him so , but he wants to kill Elliott .
tr	I	They bowed their heads , and Mike put his arms around Kelly .
tr	I	I didn 't need to rub that in , but Vinnie was probably recording everything for me on his built-in computer .
tr	O	A quick note that my brother had been working hard and an accident killed him .
tr	I	Then she stood , but she hesitated .
tr	I	Lining the street and there were a lot of cars in the parking lot .
tr	I	She was his future and they were the past .
tr	I	Now he isn 't , and he was a threat .
tr	O	I had read all my books , and I never re-read books .
tr	I	Ones that did were quickly deserted by their human clientele , and not many places treated Shifters .
tr	I	That iron grip wasn 't letting go , and suddenly she had Rebecca 's hand again .
tr	I	I wondered if I could really do that to my own daughter , and the idea turned my stomach .
tr	O	Marya was quick to make him her pet , and though he thought the idea objectifying , she made sure he was comfortable .
tr	O	I stepped back and he looked thoughtful .
tr	O	The door opened and Dean came in .
tr	O	Anton pressed , and he eventually conceded .
tr	O	The wind has a bite in it and the sky is an endless series of dirty gray clouds .
tr	I	He bent to taste her , and his fingers curled around hers .
tr	I	Their boat was standing by and the vehicles were already unloading .
tr	O	They quickly traveled from the airport and she drank in as much of the bustling city as she could through the tinted windows of the large car .
tr	O	It was kind of lame , but it worked .
tr	O	They had barely spoken since their argument , and when Levana tried to kiss him , he rejected her as kindly as he could .
tr	I	She screams just to scream and healthy vitality courses through her .
tr	O	It had started off crazy and now it was merely carrying on , as ' normal ' .
tr	I	Emotionally I began to shut down and an overwhelming sense of guilt flooded my body .
tr	O	We stare at each other a little while and I find myself softening towards him .
tr	I	I went on the previous night and I brought her up to speed on the awkward date Trevor .
tr	O	Beside them , Albert suddenly hugged Bethany , and she began to shower kisses all over his face , laughing as she did it .
tr	O	Exhaustion paled the old man 's face , and he leaned heavily on Yves ' arm .
tr	I	Johnny had backed out the motel 's room to Dane 's clear relief but they 'd both looked at one another .
tr	O	She 's eager to test herself , and she performs the jump flawlessly .
tr	I	There might be some clue as to where they 've gone , but I do not expect to find the photographs there .
tr	I	The guards yelled for entry and Pounding came to the door .
tr	I	Just before she did , the vehicle stopped abruptly , but Angelica lifted her hand to pound on the roof of the carriage .
tr	O	It felt secure , suddenly too , and it made me feel better .
tr	I	They took me in and I met the rebels .
tr	I	It was obvious that neither had they and I hadn 't understood a single word .
tr	I	He undoubtedly did too and I needed a bath .
tr	I	Her parents were too busy trying to leave but Miranda tried to be heard .
tr	O	I may not know much about running a town , but I know this is a time for careful words .
tr	I	She knew , knew without doubt , that they were coming here to look for her and a sudden shiver ran down her spine .
tr	O	The young man 's face shone with sweat , and his hands clenched mindlessly on the fabric of his coat .
tr	O	Her foot slid in her shoes , and her ankle turned sideways .
tr	I	My insides would catch fire , but my skin would feel icy .
tr	I	He couldn 't write it in Japanese , but he could ask their name .
tr	I	Then , you have to step ahead to be into the zero but love leads you to the door , the entry point of zero .
tr	I	A few were willing to chat , but most answered me with poor grace because I stood in the way of paying customers .
tr	O	Her hands shook and her stomach cramped .
tr	O	She needed someone and she chose me .
tr	O	A Russian officer came to join the Polish lieutenant , and the two of them thumbed through the documents .
tr	O	He could feel the eyes of the others on his back and it made him even more nervous .
tr	I	I can 't see the real problem but I feel the same .
tr	I	He doesn 't move but I call to him to come with us .
tr	O	I knew I needed to clean myself up as well , but I couldn 't find the energy to get out of bed .
tr	O	She was already slippery and her fingers glided over her sex .
tr	O	A moment later his eyes rounded and he jerked his gaze back to her .
tr	I	The seats were damned uncomfortable , and the tables were close together .
tr	O	Whatever he said gained smiles from the two , and he playfully poked at them both .
tr	I	He knew better , but it was the answer he 'd expected from her .
tr	O	He 's wearing a leather jacket , and I can feel his toned body through the supple material .
tr	O	They 'd finished their game of pool but she had no idea who had won .
tr	O	She was going to have to , and I 'd laugh - from hell .
tr	I	She refused to leave me but I told her that it wasn 't safe to be around me with someone gunning for me .
tr	O	Suddenly a dark slit opened and something horrific came through it .
tr	I	Her entire body throbbed , and Cassidy 's mouth was still hot from Diego 's kisses .
tr	I	Several sailors looked at her and she was very beautiful .
tr	O	Mom 's dealing well with sobriety and Sara is still living with Bill .
tr	O	It made him feel small , the way she looked at him , and he almost hated her for that .
tr	O	The photographer 's shout broke through Ilona 's thoughts and she felt herself being pulled toward the waiting car .
tr	I	Norman sensed it had another purpose now , but the squid still blinked its glowing body in reply .
tr	I	My heart started beating and he turned away from me .
tr	I	She desperately wanted this client 's business , and because then she wouldn 't have come .
tr	I	Maybe I 'd learn to cook , or we would have a bigger microwave there .
tr	O	I can feel the blood pumping furiously through my veins and my face is getting hot .
tr	O	She 's never fast enough , but it is a close race .
tr	I	I ignored them , pulling Sarah 's hair back as she wretched , but there was a commotion in the cafeteria , as everyone turned to look .
tr	I	There was nothing she could do about it and the whole place was burning .
tr	O	She always put him in charge , never taking control , and he found he didn 't mind it as he 'd expected .
tr	O	So far she 'd avoided Duncan , but she knew that couldn 't last .
tr	I	I had been surprised at his level of fitness , but Amory also breathed heavily .
tr	O	Someone kept calling me , though , and that someone wasn 't the Archangel Michael .
tr	O	She looked at Rob and he looked at her .
tr	O	She felt him strain against the release , but she didn 't want him to stop .
tr	I	The look in them might seem guileless if I didn 't know better , and his eyes are wide .
tr	I	He was somewhat glad she didn 't also possess these talents and it was one of the benefits of being what he was .
tr	O	If possible I noticed Talbott become even more exasperated and Seraphina scoot her chair ever closer to Kiran .
tr	O	His heart was racing , and he felt slightly sick .
tr	O	He had been watching me , and neither of us saw the second rocket .
tr	O	I was in a white long sleeve shirt , green pants , and I wore no shoes .
tr	O	She might have been in a dress , but fingers skimming the area just south of the navel packs a powerful punch even through clothing .
tr	O	I think we could make it available to the tourists , but I 'd like your opinion on some of my ideas .
tr	I	I can get back to roofing and I can 't wait until you all get over this knee thing .
tr	I	Bilbo started on his long road home , and then the elves turned towards the Forest .
tr	O	Myles finally knew , but that was little consolation .
tr	O	A thought struck her before she took the first step , and the eyes she turned on him were imploring .
tr	I	She wasn 't ready to forgive , but she might have helped him .
tr	O	Zin obliged , and the dog purred like a kitten .
tr	O	called Barbara , and Dreamer turned .
tr	I	Something kept her in Sacramento , but she thought about going to her own house .
tr	O	She was thirty minutes from work and I was a short distance from school .
tr	I	After a moment Lacey pulls back to stare at him before she nods slowly , and he leans in to whisper in her ear .
tr	I	He needed to know it and the truth was the complete opposite .
tr	I	Pretend nothing had happened and they could go on .
tr	O	I glanced around , wondering where he could be , and my eyes landed on the clock above the stove .
tr	O	Maybe she hadn 't made the best possible decision , but overall she was satisfied with her choice .
tr	O	The teacher cleared his throat and I pulled my hand away .
tr	I	It was just a matter of time , but we hadn 't gotten around to making it official yet .
tr	I	He smiled as he noted the flush in her cheeks and she sucked in a breath .
tr	I	I 'm also sort of intimidated by her , but it 's not that I 'm afraid of her , well maybe just a little .
tr	I	Small beads of sweat stood out on his brow and his pulse was too fast .
tr	I	When they 'd finished , they held each other , and they made love gently , slowly .
tr	I	Yet no one has come looking for them and by now the forest fire must be clear to everyone .
tr	I	That was a bad sign and it meant he was fighting her for the sake of fighting .
tr	O	Nothing had been said but both families expected the pair to announce their engagement at some point .
tr	I	Now she appreciated that trait in him , but she remembered how she 'd once derided the ease with which he deviated from established mores .
tr	O	My head hit the dirt , and stars exploded .
tr	I	It couldn 't last , but we 'd bought ourselves a temporary quiet spot .
tr	I	The three of them stood stock still for several moments before deciding that the coast was clear and the store seemed empty .
tr	I	Freezing , the fear of vomit causing paralysis and Irony chuckled beneath her hands before stopping abruptly .
tr	I	No one should suffer like that , but I don 't like them .
tr	O	Any other woman would start out being a friend , doing me a favor , but then she would start secretly hoping , hinting .
tr	O	Lilith twisted hard just as the stake pierced into skin with the familiar little pop , and Victoria felt strong hands pulling at her .
tr	I	I want to kiss it , and his pulse shows on his neck , right under the sharp curve of his tight jaw .
tr	O	She ushered me toward the door and I felt a moment of panic .
tr	O	went up again quite so loudly , and then it would be hurled by Americans -- at the Australians .
tr	O	I wipe at them again and my vision clears a little .
tr	O	My grandson is a fool , but I make use of him .
tr	I	She felt as if she were holding a miracle , but it was an ordinary battery-operated fluorescent camping lantern .
tr	I	The room soon came into view , but her watery gaze was hazy at first .
tr	O	These German soldiers were told the same , and it wasn 't so difficult to realise your own survival had to come first .
tr	O	I knew they had the argument that we 'd planted the articles , but some day all humans would believe us .
tr	O	They walked along a small cobblestone path , and soon they were inside a labyrinth of hedges , protected from outside view .
tr	I	The DJ announced that a few speeches were about to be made and the music came to a halt .
tr	O	I listened as the girls took their seats and I could feel my skin burning up as I stood there trembling .
tr	I	In a few minutes she could think again , and each tear carried away a little of the grief .
tr	I	It would be over in moments and Hell , if he climbed into that spa beside her , he 'd touch her .
tr	I	He nodded , but Neil wasn 't going to tell that psychiatrist a thing .
tr	O	It could be useless information , or it could help her defend herself later , if she was ever forced into that position again .
tr	O	They didn 't vanish completely , but they were no longer debilitating .
tr	I	That didn 't stop her from checking out the rest of the male population but she loved Wyatt .
tr	O	It might be rather warm later this afternoon , but I imagine it should be nice this morning .
tr	I	The conversation would be even harder to hear , and Yelling would only encourage more yelling .
tr	O	Savannah threw the knife straight at Huck and just as it reached him , he shimmered away .
tr	O	Jason ridiculously fed her by hand and she accepted another piece of toast distractedly .
tr	O	I 'm stuck holding a rag here , and I 've got to go to the bathroom .
tr	I	The tension in the room eased so much then , and he laughed , throwing his head back a bit .
tr	I	Hawk had predicted that they would , and that wouldn 't be near enough if the Mexican Army came back .
tr	I	He tugged at her jogging pants and a low groan rumbled deep in his chest .
tr	I	The weeds were all gone and New grass had been sown .
tr	I	There wasn 't anything there , but my eyes scanned the area .
tr	I	I catch his gaze drifting downward to my exposed leg and his voice is off pitch .
tr	O	They almost looked like blinking stars , but I barely noticed them now .
tr	O	Medical care may be a provision guaranteed by the charter of the Homestead , but the quality of that care is completely up to the doctors .
tr	O	He wanted to think about what he had just experienced , but he suddenly found that it was hard to keep his eyes open .
tr	O	You were supposed to find it , but you never even searched , because I guess you never really thought she did it .
tr	I	We both know it , and he was a coward .
tr	O	They saw his strength , and they didn 't like the attention the girls were giving him .
tr	I	I knew it would only be a matter of time before the heavens opened up , and clouds were rol ing in toward the river down below .
tr	I	It definitely hadn 't ended well , but it hadn 't started particularly well either .
tr	I	I leave the question for another time -- but seriously , they can 't eat only people .
tr	I	He held strong , pinning me back , taking his time , but I tried leaning into him .
tr	I	Her eyes flew open to see his face was filled with the same thing and it was filled with tenderness .
tr	I	The chill running down her spine prevented her from talking , but Kylie almost asked what was wrong .
tr	I	Ren sensed the start of a new passion and he had a keen light in his eye .
tr	I	She exhaled in relief and the halls were clear .
tr	I	The light cavalry followed and a second trumpet sounded .
tr	O	A mild moist spring breeze was blowing from the ocean , and Paul inhaled deeply as though trying to drink it in .
tr	I	Ethan didn 't seem to care , but Bart didn 't respond .
tr	O	If he 'd been a woman , it would have been appetizing , but he wasn 't .
tr	O	He had worked hard to achieve what he wanted from life but he wouldn 't accept that Ernie didn 't desire the same things .
tr	I	She had to admit she still didn 't know her very well , but she longed to tell Jess what had really been going on .
tr	I	They entwined their fingers and he took her hand .
tr	I	Luckily , he kept his mouth shut , but James looked over every once in a while .
tr	O	My voice was calm , but my underarms were damp .
tr	I	It formed a perfect little square and it was much lighter in shade than everywhere else .
tr	I	Mr. Carter scarcely glanced at it , but I held out the sketch pad .
tr	O	The sunlight made me squint and I raised an arm to cover my face .
tr	O	They were disappointed in her and they showed it .
tr	I	He already knows how to do all of the jobs we do on the ranch , and he is a very hard worker .
tr	O	They had killed her , and now he would have to kill them .
tr	O	I know these things don 't sit well with you , but we made a commitment when we said we wanted children .
tr	O	The swelling in his face had gone down some , but many of the cuts on his body still bled .
tr	O	At any second she could come back and I didn 't want her finding me inside her cave of treasures .
tr	I	She 's almost ready for that next step , and it 's been a year since Sydney passed on .
tr	O	Kylie saw him lunge forward , but out of the sky two more guys dropped , each grabbing one of Derek 's arms .
tr	O	He represented everything I was running away from , yet he was different .
tr	I	She didn 't want to be rude , but she didn 't owe him an explanation .
tr	I	It became common to resort to them , so that even the hospitals started to equip themselves with an emergency unit and the costs decreased fast .
tr	I	I sank to the ground and when I got to the entrance of the biggest cave , my legs gave out .
tr	O	It was nighttime now and the place was closed .
tr	O	It 's my fault they 're so exhausted , and they 're still talking about heading out today .
tr	O	The last few had been enough to penetrate his fog , but he could not believe that he had heard them correctly .
tr	O	I shook Thomas 's hand , and Mark gave me a hug .
tr	O	You will form connections with mortals , and you will live well beyond their lifetimes .
tr	I	I don 't know why and I can 't face him .
tr	I	Maybe she was trying to protect her adopted brother from that same publicity or maybe she doesn 't want the publicity .
tr	I	I can 't make myself reply , but my book is calling to me .
tr	O	Mandy was only in her twenties , but she looked like a hag when her eyes met mine .
tr	O	It was possible to refuse to pay for their help , but bad things tended to happen to people who did .
tr	O	Strom tried to follow her , but she put a hand on his chest .
tr	I	I was tense all over , but I smiled at her .
tr	I	He knew exactly where she 'd be , and now he could smell Holly 's scent .
tr	I	Her hair was a wild tumble around her head , spread out against the grass , and the midway lights twinkled in her pixie green eyes .
tr	O	He was chomping at the bit to make progress , and I promised I 'd keep him in the loop .
tr	I	The loss of such potential to the Crown was regrettable , and she could have been a tremendous asset to the Realm , handled properly .
tr	O	Michael 's eyes were hidden by sunglasses , but I could just imagine the kindness there .
tr	I	It was something about being rammed by a dinosaur , but shit , I forget .
tr	I	Those words made him feel good but she couldn 't have known it .
tr	O	He really didn 't want records of their work sitting around , and his enthusiasm ebbed for a moment .
tr	O	NIA tells me Wyatt is flying commercially out of Boston , but weather is delaying him .
tr	O	My hands moved around me , frantic to grasp onto something -- anything -- but there was only water .
tr	O	My phone suddenly began to buzz and the light of my screen shined Alexa 's name toward me .
tr	O	The passenger door opens and a guy steps out .
tr	O	I stared at him and my hands went cold .
tr	I	She felt nearly human , and a little cream on her face , some gel under her eyes .
tr	O	Her lips perched tightly and she let out a low growl .
tr	O	My target nodded his thanks , and the giant left the room , closing the door behind him .
tr	O	He stomped hard on the brake , and the car slid to a stop .
tr	I	He wasn 't foolish enough to approach the skittish vampire , but Styx lowered his sword .
tr	I	Then his eyes were all for Echo , but the fae glared at Cage for a fraction of a second .
tr	I	I can 't just leave and I can 't just sit here .
tr	I	She watched as the faint shadow shifted , and a glimmer of movement caught her eye .
tr	I	He was still only a stranger , but my earlier assumptions had been rash .
tr	I	I move out of the way at the last second and she swings her sword forward .
tr	I	He chuckled , and I slapped his hand away .
tr	I	It was Jacques , brother to the Prince , who supplied it to Corinne , and he knew Gregori commanded that more blood be given .
tr	I	Now she stood there , emotionless , and she had been so irrational in her demands to see the body .
tr	I	I couldn 't even find Locke to ask , and Edgar just smiled .
tr	O	Rage ignited his blood , and suddenly the strong guards could barely contain him .
tr	O	Our competitors are riding our butts and we need a buzz to get people to tune in next week .
tr	I	Yet he was thinking about her and there was so much to think about .
tr	O	I was thinking about the skylight and how you 'd said demons couldn 't stand direct sun .
tr	I	He could tell it grew closer , but it was such an infinitesimal movement .
tr	I	I saw tears pool in her eyes and she put a hand over her mouth .
tr	I	He had to take the chance , but he hoped the noise in the confined space didn 't knock Jason out .
tr	O	He knew I wasn 't with Hades , not like that , and I 'd always let myself believe that he waited for me .
tr	I	It seems I hadn 't wanted to leave it , and I came from that body .
tr	I	I prayed that I could get through my speech without breaking down and turning around , my eyes caught hers .
tr	O	An answering snarl rose from the depths of the ship , and then Varg came up the stairs through the cargo doors .
tr	O	Thinking of the day 's events was keeping her up and she wondered if a little walk around the grounds would help her sleep .
tr	I	My mind bit back the words , but my heart wanted to say it .
tr	O	A person in the row behind them tells me to sit down , and I shoot him a dirty look .
tr	I	Then he wouldn 't need a grave , and if he ran , they would find him anyway .
tr	I	He in turn also entered the wheelhouse , and Darren ran along the boat , shipping the fenders .
tr	I	His muscles were knotted with pain and Sweat beaded up on his skin .
tr	I	It was no good , but I tried to work .
tr	O	We 've been playing with electronics , but we 're blocked from his Informer .
tr	I	It couldn 't attack 13 without certain retaliation , but the Capitol had another nuclear arsenal out west .
tr	O	I wished I could say yes , but he 'd hit me where I was weakest .
tr	O	The girls introducing themselves at Tiger Inn made me realize that Connor could probably have his pick of women , but it didn 't really bother me .
tr	I	He didn 't have it , but Grayson wanted it , badly .
tr	I	She 's going to be convicted , and Ashley Patterson 's going to be tried for first-degree murder .
tr	O	So badly she wanted to say his name , but she didn 't want to scare him away .
tr	I	It didn 't happen , but he waited , hoping the camera would scan the scoreboard .
tr	I	He keeps his eyes locked on mine and his expression doesn 't change .
tr	I	It wasn 't the clean finish often recorded in books , but it would 've led to survival , sure .
tr	I	Finally , Logan 's oldest brother , Paul , answers , and it rings .
tr	O	I had expected anger to surface in his magnificent features , but I was quite astounded to find sadness marring his beauty .
tr	I	I swam over to him slowly , and he was only a few feet away .
tr	O	Thankfully it wasn 't too far and she sighed with relief .
tr	I	Cosmo always looks after our animals , but the local vets are excellent of course .
tr	I	Our next shift took us to the Rowan Land , and that stint was brief .
tr	I	I laugh and Mason groans .
tr	I	I slid into the car , and he held the door open .
tr	I	I can 't go down the path he 's chosen , but I care about him .
tr	O	The ghost turned to the chalkboard , and letters formed in thin white strokes .
tr	O	I could feel the stares of everyone at the party on me and I wondered if they had all heard Maddie screaming out my name .
tr	I	It tipped and she strained .
tr	O	Our faces are now only inches apart and I can feel his warm breath against my lips .
tr	I	She returned the embrace and Tension began to leave her .
tr	O	The sweaty face of a young mother flashed on the wall , and at least two people in the room managed a chuckle .
tr	I	It sure the hell was scary , but now , that wasn 't strange .
tr	I	I would see her if I looked back , and I passed several because they were too close .
tr	O	As a spirit , he was tied to the plantation , but with control of Edgar , he could roam at will .
tr	I	I apologize , and I completely misread the situation .
tr	O	They dismounted quicker than the fired arrows , and only two more soldiers fell .
tr	O	I blinked , switching to infrared , and the dark heat of his body leapt into focus .
tr	I	We moved together suggestively with the music and he pulled me back into his hip .
tr	I	She would see this through , and she had a plan .
tr	O	He had needed them ever since The Drifter sank , but it seemed as though all he ever got were more questions .
tr	I	Land my lips over hers , and I peck over her skin all the way back to her perfect mouth , heavy as snow .
tr	O	He 'd longed for those days , but since his graduation , hadn 't been back as often as he 'd liked .
tr	O	He was fairly sure Mac was joking , but another dark cloud passed over his thoughts .
tr	O	They were the only two people left alive on Kratos , and it was bliss .
tr	I	Reece returned her attention to the book in her lap , and the men went their separate ways .
tr	O	Sarah asked and I shrugged .
tr	I	I was nearly knocked off balance and my hair flew into my face .
tr	O	I prayed Cassius would use it to slip away , but he never did anything the easy way .
tr	I	I doubted the other had used a razor since he sprouted his first chin hair , but one of them might have shaved last month .
tr	I	I gorged myself on the other and Lysander took one for his kill .
tr	O	I raised an eyebrow at her and she giggled again .
tr	O	Santa gazed at the girl like a drug addled schizoid , and though he seemed docile enough , it was still terrifying .
tr	I	She insists , so I tiptoe to the rabbit cage instead , but go away Maya , I think .
tr	I	I clenched it in my fist and she let me take it out .
tr	I	We 've taken an unfair bit of criticism for it and it was not a decision made lightly on our part .
tr	I	I wanted to fulfill that need , and he stared down at me with pure need in his eyes .
tr	O	I landed funny and the front , here , was all messed up .
tr	I	We hadn 't even gone past kissing and I 'd never felt more consumed .
tr	O	He expected Wayne to be in their booth in the back but he wasn 't there yet .
tr	O	The command center orders several U.S. helicopters to assist , and they take to the skies a couple miles away .
tr	O	The nurse is still screaming for them to stop , but she doesn 't dare intervene .
tr	I	He didn 't need to know that , but A lie .
tr	O	The air was so full of water he decided there was no room for oxygen , and it almost hurt to breathe .
tr	I	He returned to hunt the next day , and twenty stitches in his face , bandages on his barrel burns .
tr	O	Main Street had that same Norman Rockwell ambience , and here it was so strong that it was almost a feeling of deja vu .
tr	O	Evidently Conner realized he was defending Jonas from invisible intruders , but he didn 't understand that they kept slipping by him .
tr	I	Allie ignored him as she dismounted , but Mikey grunted his disapproval .
tr	I	I keep my eyes closed , but the Superior lowers my hands .
tr	I	He went very still and much to Billie 's surprise , all the humor left Royce 's face .
tr	O	Stephanie was my friend , and she really liked him .
tr	O	Sherry 's shadow crossed the ram 's path , and its horns dipped .
tr	O	Pia wanted to deny his words but their truth hung heavily between them .
tr	O	I got that same smug feeling of satisfaction , but that was it .
tr	I	All I could see was infinity in those eyes , but he was trying to tell me something .
tr	O	His hand drifted to my hip to pull me closer , and I didn 't struggle .
tr	I	I didn 't know the exact word , but I knew there was some psychological term for this .
tr	O	He also hung from manacles and he was a bloody mess .
tr	O	No one ever sees her but they feel her .
tr	I	The soldiers had taken their shot and the fog had lifted enough now for a clear line of fire .
tr	O	Trying not to panic , I scanned the room hoping another seat might magically appear , but the class was full .
tr	I	A needle pivoting above a map , and it had the same ring dial with the engraved numbers on the surface .
tr	O	Cassie 's control broke , and she screamed the words .
tr	I	I shot him a look , and he grinned .
tr	I	I 'm definitely going to do it , but this may be tricky .
tr	I	Now she was too weak for this , but if she wouldn 't be wounded , she would speak with him .
tr	O	Usually it was the latter , but the game rules were simple .
tr	I	I treasure that letter like nothing I ever owned ... but he has a personal mission right now .
tr	I	All other wolves will swear loyalty to him tonight , and whoever lives will be leader .
tr	I	She drives us across the property to a quaint little building next to what looks like a factory and we hop into a little golf cart .
tr	I	His bare feet hit the carpet , and he swung his legs out of the bed .
tr	O	She obviously wasn 't planning on telling me , and it was apparent that she wasn 't alone .
tr	I	She did this for a while and Sonia stared at the door .
tr	I	I would have been damned if I would ever let it show , but fear enveloped my entire being .
tr	O	I wanted to hate Callum for it , but my brain immediately screamed at only me .
tr	O	He was to blame for that , and a couple of other people threw him a glance as well .
tr	I	His paws wouldn 't obey him , and Maurice tried to .
tr	O	The young navigator 's face was red from embarrassment , but in the dim light no one could see this .
tr	O	Will here sent me a photograph of his gallery , and I had an excellent view of the dragon , which he said is currently on display .
tr	I	She 'd been terrified , but she 'd put on a brave front when she confronted the two men .
tr	O	The green truck that had cut them off earlier sat there , but no driver occupied it .
tr	O	Lina bit into the flesh of his palm and she could see the anger in him rise .
tr	O	She tried lifting her right shoe , but it was glued to the mat .
tr	O	It had only taken three to four minutes , but the ground shook as badly as if it had been hit with a massive earthquake .
tr	O	He had heard what Yves said , and he knew it for a falsehood .
tr	I	He needed to know the lay of the land , but Henry knew this was a dangerous question .
tr	O	I preferred your company , but it was friendship I felt , the love of a sister .
tr	O	It didn 't take me long to get it out of my system , and when I calmed down , I realized how ridiculous I was acting .
tr	I	Why would his first born not take the throne after him , but his daughter would be the greatest queen .
tr	I	We can use that to our advantage and this building is probably out of town .
tr	I	Hearing it confirmed definitely hurt , but I had suspected this was only a temporary visit .
tr	I	It was just a dream nonetheless , but a lucid dream in livid color .
tr	I	I could smell the coffee brewing and all the seats were leather .
tr	O	I 'd figured that the faeries would be out on Halloween , but for some reason I 'd thought they 'd stay on their hills .
tr	O	Simpson complained , and again Morris ' fist lashed out .
tr	I	My breakfast was almost gone and a few minutes went by .
tr	I	She nodded toward the back door , and I turned to look at her .
tr	I	Today the scene held new poignancy , but Lucien watched the exchange as he had often done over the years .
tr	I	The tin literally disappeared and the effect was remarkable .
tr	O	Blood still poured from his wound , and fire burned in his gaze .
tr	O	He gently checked the uterus , and Molly twitched slightly .
tr	O	It 's too late for football , but maybe you 'll consider something else .
tr	I	He didn 't say he was sorry , but he stepped forward , regret obvious in his features .
tr	I	He was soon heading towards the shop and the car picked him up from the airport .
tr	O	It was not the best of strategies to avoid eradication , but it wasn 't as though they were expecting an intruder .
tr	O	The next few seconds had happened so fast , and yet Julian saw them unfold in sharp , crisp clarity .
tr	O	They 'd stare at the vampires carefully planted throughout the bar , and they 'd thrill at their own daring .
tr	I	I could feel the blood rushing through my veins , and as we approached , my palms began to sweat .
tr	O	The silhouette didn 't have the bulk of any of the Shifters he 'd seen so far , and it moved too smoothly .
tr	I	She 'd be feeling its effects for days , but she had no idea what happened last night .
tr	I	Sophia owned the other third , and I wanted to correct her , that he owned one-third of the place .
tr	I	They all retreated , leaving his father slumped back in his seat and Archie gathered up the laptop .
tr	O	Sounds more romantic , which is always good for public perception , and I don 't have time for a formal wedding .
tr	I	Watson shrugged his shoulders , and Renton was unusually quiet .
tr	I	He could not get accustomed to the texture of the cheese , but Brynn told him so .
tr	O	I 'd never see him again ... and it was so hard to let go .
tr	I	Once she gave me a blanket , and she snuck food to me sometimes .
tr	O	Gregori believed she could do it , and she had to believe it also .
tr	I	It certainly made a jump difficult for anyone suddenly overtaken by the urge , but it might not be a deterrent to someone very determined .
tr	O	George was nobody 's fool , and once he 'd heard about the inn concept , he 'd obviously thought of investment opportunities .
tr	O	Elena stomped down on the brake pedal and the buggy screeched to a halt in the middle of the road .
tr	I	He did initiate the fight , but now , I 'm not saying he wouldn 't have received the same treatment if he hadn 't done that .
tr	O	He might have resorted to carnal satisfaction in the past , but his days of being London 's leading wanker were over .
tr	O	I found it eerie that he referred to himself in the third person , but I wasn 't about to make an issue of it .
tr	O	As she read the words , the room suddenly started to spin , and she had to brace herself on the chair to keep from falling .
tr	O	Well , he had , but that was a different case .
tr	I	That certainly didn 't need to be done the first day he was back , but yes , there were some legal papers to be drawn up .
tr	O	We were pretty much past the jealousy , but sometimes , given the right mood , Amy would get all emotional .
tr	O	He wasn 't going anywhere , and neither was she .
tr	O	Maybe she had mentioned it and I hadn 't been listening .
tr	I	The blades lost some of their speed , and the engine choked .
tr	O	The motion of the ship seemed less pronounced and the fresh air revived her .
tr	O	A new wave of bile rose in his throat and he turned to the sidewalk , heaving into the street .
tr	O	His eyes darkened as she stared into them and she amended that thought to slightly more .
tr	I	His beard was thinly trimmed and his face was handsome .
tr	I	She kept her mouth clamped shut , and he slowly dropped his hand .
tr	I	You are now the top reporter at Zane Worldwide Communications and Daniel Zane is your new identity .
tr	I	He gestured for her to stay a few feet away , but Kyrie walked toward him .
tr	I	Lord Brogan could see that it was a little brittle but he had an amused light hearted smile on his face .
tr	I	Her hand went right through his arm , but she rushed towards him , reaching out .
tr	O	Don was a smaller man in comparison to Eddy but he was equally intimidating .
tr	I	I know is only moments , but Reginald appears frozen for what seems like hours .
tr	O	Sabine stared into Ryder 's eyes , and another tear slid down her cheek .
tr	I	It makes it difficult to breathe and the air is heavy with humidity .
tr	O	It hit its target , and the target wobbled slightly .
tr	O	Well , it wasn 't loud , but I heard it so clearly I knew he had to be yelling .
tr	I	So precise was the modulation his flesh tingled with it , but Ship 's voice had taken on an air of camaraderie .
tr	I	Max exemplified the wisdom much like that of an elder , but he was young , merely twenty-five , when God robbed him of his human life .
tr	I	Eleven chimes from the clock in the hall and he could hear the creak of his chair .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to tell him to go screw himself , but nothing came out .
tr	I	I tried not to wince , and the needle pricked my skin .
tr	I	He smiles , and his blue eyes meet mine .
tr	O	Glen instantly pictured some wild prairie rodent , one with a nasty bite but that could otherwise be cradled harmlessly in your arms .
tr	O	He didn 't tell her that Joshua had killed all the cats in Red Mountain and Justin was the peeping tom .
tr	I	He was going to change all that , but she 'd been neglected too long , stashed away in this well-appointed prison .
tr	I	He was looking down in the hole and I saw him pull back the tarp .
tr	I	None of them fought back , yet the prisoners seethed with hatred .
tr	O	My breath caught in my throat again when his thumb glided sideways across my foot , and the gentle tingle was replaced by long , gliding strokes .
tr	O	I hurt so badly and there was no one else who understood what I was going through .
tr	I	Henri could be my lover here at the castle , and my husband would do as he wished with the women of his choice .
tr	I	He did , but she wasn 't sure how he knew .
tr	O	It appears to be human-like but it ´ s face is covered in what appears to be murky soil .
tr	O	The world was changing around him , and yet he was seemingly standing still .
tr	I	Patrick 's reaction was causing my already broken heart to shatter , but I should have anticipated it .
tr	I	She looked too peaceful , but he wanted to wake her up to get some reassurance .
tr	O	I had wondered why he was always clammy and now I know .
tr	I	Nature did not stay his course Yet he failed to find the seemly path He earned the Earth 's befitting wrath .
tr	O	I heard Derek protest , but she just ignored him .
tr	I	What he taught me lingered , but I didn 't see much of my father , a very powerful Native American shaman .
tr	O	A nervous spider leapt at her , fangs extended , and she swatted it out of the air without slowing pace .
tr	I	I guess that 's the point , but I was an ignorant little shit .
tr	I	He didn 't participate and like the world ended .
tr	I	They Will not be lenient with you , and if you do not help us , the Clave Will know it .
tr	I	He leapt to his feet , and St. John 's nostrils flared .
tr	O	Sometimes that 's a problem with little ones like her , but she took right to the bottle .
tr	I	When it faded once again , the commencement began , and the applause was thunderous .
tr	O	The grim set to his face was gone , and I found myself grateful to see the return of his usual mien .
tr	O	I can 't say it was the most coordinated of moves , but it didn 't need to be .
tr	I	I 'd go watch the men dig , waiting to see what they would uncover , and he used to fund excavations .
tr	I	Anything could happen to her out here , but she felt safe .
tr	I	I got the feeling Alice didn 't want to keep talking about it , but I wanted to ask .
tr	I	Farmers didn 't have portraits painted , and he had been a Scottish farmer .
tr	O	She needed to feel close to him , but she could tell he wouldn 't welcome her .
tr	I	I bounce on my toes , and he nods at me .
tr	O	The Mansion 's air was unusually chilly , and I was shivering .
tr	I	We wanted some toast , and you came by to check on me .
tr	O	I had to get away from you , and all your questions .
tr	I	I can 't stop smiling and my heart is pounding .
tr	O	He advanced and she backed away until she was against the side of a table .
tr	O	She pretended to look skeptical , and Richard thought for a moment .
tr	O	The tension was odd and she wished she could figure out what happened .
tr	I	Tim had extracted a promise that he would call as soon as he could , and he had called that morning before he had left .
tr	O	Ash was going to die in front of me , and I couldn 't do anything to stop it .
tr	I	Zachery feared the hardships they had endured were already draining her beyond recovery , but she was only fourteen .
tr	I	Nick knew better , but he spoke in a tone which could have been mistaken for indifference .
tr	I	Today it seemed meaningless , but it would have felt good two years ago .
tr	I	I feel so full , but I know I should move .
tr	O	My sunflower yellow Land Rover stuck out terribly , but I could have cared less .
tr	O	His plea echoed in his voice and she felt herself giving in .
tr	O	His heart hurt at that , and he expelled a long breath .
tr	I	He would 've gone on for about ten minutes teasing me and I could 've .
tr	I	I was unsure how to proceed , and I 'd never been in a situation like this before .
tr	O	Their gazes were on the moaning Charles , and then , one by one , the men lowered their heads .
tr	O	Joe 's jaw tightened as his eyes sought Clay , but Clay could sense that he was weighing his response .
tr	O	Warmth flowered within Ion , and the panic clutching him vaporized .
tr	I	There were just too many , but his men were shooting them as they raced to their positions .
tr	I	I lose and if I touch the white ones , even by mistake , the game is done .
tr	I	Cuts will be next week , and Coach says he only has enough uniforms to keep eighteen players .
tr	I	She looked up expectantly and he cleared his throat .
tr	O	He didn 't speak right away , but the line of his lips tightened .
tr	O	He prepared for pity but her face only reflected a deep empathy that soothed him .
tr	I	I sucked in my breath at his nearness and he trailed his slender hand along my cheek .
tr	I	We gave each other hell the entire time , and our battle lasted for what seemed like hours .
tr	I	He looks away and his eyes tear up .
tr	I	I miss your laugh , and my arms are empty .
tr	I	She was the unlucky hare that had run straight into it , and it was almost as if the Fates had arranged the trap .
tr	O	None of the high-pitched nervous energy had left his voice , and he scanned the buildings nervously .
tr	I	Fairies disappeared and * * * The GP .
tr	O	he asked , and I nodded .
tr	I	I felt the pressure ease up off of my chest and he said something to one of them that I could not hear .
tr	O	We were both wearing only underwear , and I moved to take off mine .
tr	O	I had never been inside a church before , but now was not the time for a tour .
tr	O	It was cold , and Jane knew it was very dark .
tr	I	I followed him and he went into the carriage house .
tr	O	That sounds wrong , but that was what it was like ; as if I was left out of something that everyone else had been included in .
tr	I	He was intimately familiar with the stories that were whispered about the old Bradford mansion , and Joe had grown up in the area .
tr	I	He wasn 't having it , but I tried talking to him .
tr	O	I may not have had any power in rank , but I was still the most powerful of them all .
tr	O	Trenton whistled as his head turned and he took in Kinsey 's petite frame .
tr	I	She 'd been wrong about both of them , but she 'd thought the woman was a friend .
tr	I	I look closer and my eye notices something on the cup .
tr	O	My head was swimming a little bit and I really had to go to the bathroom .
tr	O	His brows were furrowed and his eyes looked disbelieving as they bored into me .
tr	I	The skylight hatch - but the tiny ports didn 't even open ?
tr	O	Kara 's reaction was blatant and they scurried down the drive .
tr	O	It was frighteningly quick , like a viper , and its jaws snapped shut over Puck 's head .
tr	I	They fell in the doorway , and Sage fired through the door .
tr	O	I thought it was stupid , but I agreed to it anyway .
tr	I	It was only making me more uncomfortable , and I had been unprepared for this conversation .
tr	I	Another nine were still ahead , but the first shot was behind .
tr	I	Will -- being Will -- disagreed , but I preferred Edward 's way of doing things myself .
tr	O	I wanted to share this with Amelia and I hoped that she would enjoy it .
tr	O	Russ laughed as he said it , but Ken didn 't find it funny .
tr	I	He growled , and he felt the fire light his eyes .
tr	O	She gave me a sympathetic look , and then we turned our attention to Lara .
tr	O	He was trying to sound casual , but he probably didn 't realize he was biting his bottom lip .
tr	I	It sure wouldn 't be the last and it wouldn 't be the first time .
tr	O	I held her head against my thigh , and we stayed like that until Nick arrived .
tr	I	No one ever knew it wasn 't the truth until it was too late and as a master liar he could easily tell a lie .
tr	O	My mind was not on the drive at all , but on everything Caroline had told me .
tr	I	She 's going to be fine , but she 's in rough shape .
tr	O	I patted her back and she lifted one hand .
tr	I	I couldn 't take that chance anymore , and spirits sent there could return , however .
tr	I	She sounded as if she 'd run a marathon and his touch was doing strange things to her insides .
tr	O	I knew this was Jackson 's dream , but it felt unfair to have him put this kind of pressure on me .
tr	I	She was lost again , swirling away and now she felt as if that lifeline had been jerked away from her .
tr	O	The order is long gone now and only a few of us remain .
tr	O	We 're off course , but we 'll head east .
tr	O	Terrible thoughts swarmed through my head and it was cold .
tr	I	That doesn 't mean I won 't see her , but I can 't meet with Ivy today .
tr	I	I haven 't , but I know you have .
tr	O	She made a sharp turn , and the walls became silver panels .
tr	I	All that followed was the click of being disconnected , but she waited for him to say more .
tr	O	Apparently they can calibrate the metal as background , and each metal has a different setting .
tr	O	James Silver wanted his job , and one day he would have it .
tr	O	is from a fine old Chicago family , and he is the youngest person ever elected to the office of Cook County state 's attorney .
tr	I	I 've done it a million times , and the math is easy .
tr	O	Her lips trembled and she cursed her weakness .
tr	I	I needed to air them out first and yes , had to return some , .
tr	I	He leaned forward and his brow tightened .
tr	I	It was agreed that Sunderland would conduct their own inquiry and Chapter 9 Renton passed Frank 's message on to Cousins .
tr	I	Though he was heavy , she didn 't want him to move and Christian was sprawled on top of her .
tr	O	It is done and I am safe .
tr	O	Our focus is the twenty-five to thirty-five bracket , and we don 't accept clients outside those barriers .
tr	I	They weren 't and they didn 't .
tr	I	She sits right next to him and finally the train stops .
tr	O	He laughed and I noticed his black hair flopping across his eyes .
tr	I	Mentally they seemed much longer but the dreams were often short .
tr	I	She could not find what she was looking for , but her eyes combed the floor .
tr	O	A couple of the players raised their hands in celebration and I heard a few rumbles of excitement .
tr	O	He didn 't answer , but that was answer enough .
tr	I	Every cemetery filled quickly , and every fort he built had a cemetery nearby .
tr	I	His help was the nicest thing he could have done for me today , but he was just killing time until his ride got here .
tr	O	The sea crashes to our left and I stare at the moon .
tr	I	My heart breaks witnessing the exchange , and I already know it 's Flanders .
tr	O	She knew he didn 't believe her , and she wasn 't that good an actress .
tr	O	That sounds like a convenient way to say she makes no guarantees , but I 'm not looking to start a fight .
tr	O	I breathed a sigh of relief as the elevator arrived and I ran out when I arrived on the ground floor .
tr	I	The west promised more ice and the north fell behind them .
tr	O	Stabbing people in the foot isn 't exactly role-model material , but I have a good excuse .
tr	I	I thought I held my own , and I was as prepared as I could be with the limited time I 'd been given .
tr	I	He doesn 't answer in words , but his mouth curves into a grin .
tr	I	She held him tighter as he allowed himself to grieve , and his sobs became louder , deeper .
tr	I	The car parked behind mine was Directorate issue , but I didn 't recognize the faces .
tr	O	Maybe it was an honour for Edward to be brought up a prince but the steel edge of command put all sorts of fears into her mind .
tr	I	Kate told him she was impressed he 'd figured out what Barrett had done and over dinner Charlie recounted the finding of the box .
tr	O	It was a restaurant , but it was one of the liveliest restaurants I 'd ever seen .
tr	O	She inhaled , trying to get oxygen to her starving lungs , but she didn 't have a response .
tr	I	Hannah is a small cog in a very big wheel and there are business considerations , careers to worry about .
tr	O	My cousin Elizabeth prayed in a low voice , and one of the men said for the children to get back from the door .
tr	I	Her sobs less frequent and her face had become peaceful .
tr	O	They were unguarded , but hanging slightly open .
tr	O	That got to her , and she lifted an eyebrow in wonder .
tr	O	The words linger in the air between us and I swallow hard , trying to contain my hate .
tr	I	I was following it with my pen in hand and it was taking me away deeper in the sea .
tr	I	Now I 'm curious , but I don 't plan to spend more time with them .
tr	I	Popkin took his job very seriously , but Thomas of course knew the way .
tr	O	I slide toward the edge of the hood and he helps me down by taking my hand .
tr	O	She ignored his honk and although it was childish , she derived a certain amount of pleasure from turning her back on him .
tr	I	She could tell by Kevin 's expression that she looked it too , and she felt tired .
tr	I	The soft smell of her hair wafted through his nostrils and Chuck leaned over .
tr	O	It took me a couple of hours , but I wasn 't really in any hurry .
tr	I	You 're now involved with Sebastian Stott , and I know you were involved with Belinda White .
tr	I	He thought he heard the pounding of boots and the girl was growing heavier by the minute .
tr	O	Ray had opened it , of course and it contained a birthday card , from her auntie who lived in a home for people suffering from dementia .
tr	O	I looked at Gabriel over my shoulder , and half managed to smile .
tr	O	The ones who knew him by reputation frowned , and the ones who didn 't wore curious expressions .
tr	O	Vincent hurried toward it and I followed behind him .
tr	O	The older men had arrived shortly after , and she warned them of the new weapon .
tr	O	His speech trailed off , but he finished his final thought .
tr	I	The possibility of a partner meant Meg wasn 't safe yet , but he didn 't want the Others looking at every human as a potential threat .
tr	O	The last three days swept by in a dizzying blur , and suffice it to say , clothes were our least priority .
tr	I	I felt all your prayers , and I had lots of time to think .
tr	O	I weave my hands through his hair , then pul him up so he 's facing me , and he smiles .
tr	O	I would have done anything to win her back and this was where Fate smiled kindly on me .
tr	I	He had kept himself far out of sight , and he had followed them .
tr	I	He had a dangerous look about him , but he wasn 't a very big guy .
tr	O	It was during these glances when they timed it right that their eyes met and they would just stare at each other .
tr	I	I don 't see it that way , but apparently Jesse thinks he falls into the latter category .
tr	O	I swiped the card on my wristband and his holographic citizen 's file came up .
tr	I	There was a splashing sound , and again the movement stopped suddenly .
tr	O	That didn 't seem possible to me , and I said as much .
tr	O	Her stomach clenched and when she woke the morning of the second day she had to run for the chamber pot .
tr	I	I couldn 't look away to see his expression , but his voice cracked an infinitesimal amount as he spoke .
tr	I	It was an ethereal thing , always floating just beyond his comprehension , but he sensed the answer .
tr	O	Across the room Henry tensed , but he said nothing .
tr	I	I become one and I keep running , running , running until the wind .
tr	I	I leaned against the side of the device breathing with rasping gasps , and the little flame went out .
tr	O	He could call her , but she wouldn 't answer .
tr	I	We took off and I dug my heels into the animal 's sides .
tr	O	His voice was stern , and I nodded my head .
tr	I	I accepted it as cue I was no longer welcome and she attempted to kill me with a stare of venom .
tr	I	I was perfectly happy to keep it that way , and I had Patch .
tr	O	The door came off too easily when he yanked it , and he threw it aside .
tr	O	She seemed to understand him , and she felt what he felt .
tr	O	Valentine 's voice was steady , but Clary thought she could see the sweat gleaming at his temples , at the base of his throat .
tr	I	The knife slid tightly across her neck in warning , and she flinched .
tr	I	He 's not here , but Sam 's my twin .
tr	O	The curtains have all been drawn and most of the windows are up .
tr	O	I 'd tell Kelsey about everything , and we 'd party the pain away .
tr	O	Rock waited for the conversation to move along but neither of the girls continued with the banter .
tr	I	Several women were there having coffee , and this one even had outdoor tables .
tr	O	It is a tight squeeze , but we do whatever is necessary to secure ourselves .
tr	I	Light danced down the wal s as if the sun were rising , and the windows began to brighten .
tr	I	It wasn 't the commissary that he needed , but as punishment , Pat was often denied commissary privileges .
tr	O	Her eyes were very large , and they were almost permanently locked on Longbow .
tr	I	That didn 't make me feel any better , but Jo-Jo was right .
tr	O	Every day the pain was a little less , and every day he wanted her a little more .
tr	O	The first bird was still alive and I managed to set it free .
tr	I	We might go off the rails and saying something like we 're all really upset .
tr	O	Everything has changed , and it won 't stop changing anytime soon .
tr	O	It was private land and she had permission from the owner who had once been a student of her advisor in the anthropology department .
tr	O	Paul 's breath came out and he shifted on the desk .
tr	I	The rest turn toward her , and the few that were sitting stand up .
tr	I	The father turned around and he waved him off .
tr	O	There is water close by and I stretch my finger toward the button .
tr	I	He refused to release her , but she tried pulling her hand from his .
tr	O	Vin waited patiently for him to acknowledge her , but he just continued to read .
tr	O	They were obviously a couple and they were covering something up .
tr	O	This was a new sight to me , and I examined the structure with great curiosity .
tr	O	One look at his face , and Elena knew he had brought bad news .
tr	I	I leave my hand resting right above the third button of his shirt , but he releases my wrist .
tr	I	Bob had been a part of them , and she was reliving some of the happiest memories .
tr	O	Cities are built above-ground , but research facilities burrow deep into the ground , presumably to hide technological advances from prying eyes .
tr	O	In an instant , two dozen of the leaping figures were destroyed - but there were far more than two dozen surging toward the burned woman .
tr	I	I cursed as the other rogue sent me flying , and he grunted .
tr	O	She 'd do her best , no matter what , and she 'd pray for a miracle .
tr	O	The Commander paused for a moment and Jacob could vaguely hear radio chatter .
tr	I	Then she heard it , and she tilted her head .
tr	I	The screen flashed red and I started with the four corners .
tr	O	His nerves were jangling together like wind chimes , and he had a sick feeling in the pit of his stomach .
tr	O	It 's been less than a week and you 're here already .
tr	I	It 's not working out , yet but I 'm sure it will work out .
tr	O	She wasn 't him and she didn 't deserve to pay for his sins .
tr	I	Now he was a completely different boy , and thumbs was one of the most affected .
tr	I	Each of his failed attempts had spurred him onward to greater violence , and he was determined to kill her .
tr	I	Its back brushed against one of the metal ties , causing a gash in the skin and his hand buckled at the impact .
tr	I	She was trapped , impaled in place , and another of his fingers slid upward into her heat .
tr	I	It was too late , but Jack lunged gracefully forward .
tr	O	He could tell she didn 't like to talk about the future , but he wanted to have some idea of what to expect .
tr	I	His legs were starting to fall asleep on him , and Gerald had been sitting long .
tr	I	He hated her for that and she always wanted to be in the limelight .
tr	I	No more skittering came , but I waited , listening .
tr	I	One moved to fetch their captain and the knights bowed .
tr	I	Lycans preferred their meat uncooked , and marshmallows had gone the way of the dodo .
tr	O	I have new ringers , and they are taking care of business .
tr	O	She seemed a little lost tonight , very vulnerable , and she rarely showed him that side of her .
tr	I	David could tell that she 'd just dyed it a perfect black , and Margaret 's flaccid hair hung down to each eyebrow like a drape .
tr	I	Where there was one there were at least three , and it had to be a dog .
tr	O	Richard turned off the radio and just as he was about to go back in the tunnel , Josephine came running over to him .
tr	O	Paul 's eyes locked on to my face and he tensed .
tr	I	It did nothing to bolster her nerves , but she sipped at the warm drink , the rich chocolate warming her insides .
tr	O	My temper reared , but I kept calm .
tr	O	Your eyes light up and your voice raises when you 're filling me in about all of your latest accomplishments .
tr	O	The spell from earlier was broken and I was fighting , defending , moving in a way I only did when in the field .
tr	I	His white hair was strikingly attractive , and he was wearing a black overcoat .
tr	O	For now she yearned for the open air , but to still remain in her current form .
tr	I	He tasted bile in his throat , and his heart leaped again at the thought .
tr	O	He opens his mouth to speak but the driver strikes him across the head .
tr	O	Leo laughed and I froze .
tr	O	Saruman 's face grew livid , twisted with rage , and a red light was kindled in his eyes .
tr	O	She stared when they looked off to the side , but even their profiles didn 't give her enough clues .
tr	O	A soldier forged in the wars of the Levant , and there was no finer training ground for his kind .
tr	O	He 's trying to stop it , but some vulnerability is escaping from that pair of blue eyes .
tr	O	Of course , the cannibalism part was sickening , but for all Gregor knew , rats ate rats .
tr	O	He was not worth our thoughts then and he is not worth my words now .
tr	I	Surrounding it is what looks like a bruise , but the bullet wound itself is just a round , red circle in Lynn 's skin .
tr	O	Andra was going to ask about the blood but she held back her question .
tr	I	My vision 's still blurry and my head 's still pounding .
tr	I	My heart falters with the surprise , and the voice catches me off guard .
tr	I	It was likely they were stronger now but the strongest had been a level four .
tr	O	I 'll be off at college after next semester and you 'll be living here alone .
tr	O	He stared back at her with amusement in his eyes and her heart sank .
tr	I	That was about it , and they shared some space .
tr	O	Her face looked upset and she looked away from me .
tr	O	We 've been going nonstop since the Memphis hideout rescue mission and she has to be exhausted .
tr	O	I did as I was instructed and she inspected the cut .
tr	O	I stayed with her and we sat there , silently , waiting .
tr	I	She would be back in Charleston with real memories to replace the fantasies and they would break things off .
tr	O	He trusted her , but she was being forced to lie to him about something as basic as his identity .
tr	O	The smell from the disgusting , green waste filled the air , and I used magic to keep from gagging .
tr	O	The sight of the injury made her tremble , but for his sake she needed to be strong .
tr	I	This is my place and I 'm Chad Redington .
tr	O	His mouth tightened , but he threw the wallet across the room .
tr	O	I had faltered at the last possible moment , and Nightmare had escaped me .
tr	I	He couldn 't argue , but that wasn 't a term Romain heard very often .
tr	I	I knew I wouldn 't sleep now , but I hadn 't slept much last night .
tr	I	I could increase it by another 310 feet , giving me over 3,300 feet of tarred runway and I would still be 200 yards from our perimeter .
tr	I	He laid a hand on Allan 's am , and Pierre 's expression softened .
tr	O	She didn 't want to ruin this moment , but he 'd opened the door this time .
tr	I	They 're still looking at me and Kiera 's over there talking to them .
tr	O	The lightning was gone and the wind suddenly dropped .
tr	O	Her eyebrows lifted and she slowly smiled at me .
tr	I	They glowed , and I looked down at them .
tr	O	A Lizard 's CD is playing softly in the background and Trick is humming along with it in his silky voice , lulling me right to sleep .
tr	O	before she 'd stormed off and he 'd chased after her .
tr	O	Everyone lied about their ancestors , and that was fair enough .
tr	I	She looked at me , and Ellery 's eye widened .
tr	I	She realized with numb shock that he was going to bite her , and his head lowered .
tr	O	His hair was bristly and he was gray .
tr	O	Her voice grew cold , and she turned slightly away .
tr	O	Not that it mattered , but Nicolas lifted the flap of the dosimeter badge secured to his jacket pocket .
tr	I	The doors parted , and Gray hit the button .
tr	I	A tour of the outermost wall followed and the aging soldier greeted him as politely as he had before .
tr	I	Janette climbs out and she pulls up to the front of the school .
tr	O	Alan 's gaze settled on her and Angie gave him the hush look .
tr	I	My frustrated response earns me the most wicked grin from Davis , and I say through gritted teeth .
tr	I	Each man knew it , and the time had come .
tr	O	It was unlocked and she hurried in .
tr	I	He lost his son and both had lost their parents .
tr	I	You 've never had a problem looking away , but they can 't take their eyes off you .
tr	I	Then she turned away , but Gemma 's face softened for a moment .
tr	O	We are the good guys , and this is what we get ?
tr	O	The man was aesthetically faultless and his manners weren 't too far behind .
tr	I	These kinds of things happened , and then I remembered this was a dream .
tr	I	His eyes bore into me , but his face is in shadow .
tr	I	Beth patted her on the back and suzy choked on her coffee .
tr	I	That was usually a smaller rush , but the dinner crowd hadn 't started to filter in .
tr	I	He could see the hesitation and the president looked at Kelly .
tr	I	Demons were swarming the next , and all was well one second .
tr	I	The white ones looked fabulous so it didn 't matter , but I couldn 't find any silver ones at Goodman 's .
tr	I	Her skin was flushed red and she had long black hair .
tr	I	This was at a whole other level , but she had known luxury in the past .
tr	O	I tried to talk to my mother about it , but she told me it was none of our business .
tr	O	She needed to loosen up or she was going to blow this conversation .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure what it meant , and she bared her teeth .
tr	O	Just our shoulders touched and I ached for more .
tr	O	Hollis waited in the closet until the children were asleep and Rose went to bed .
tr	I	Soon I 'd be able to fix Damien , and I was certain Jessie had already called Leigh .
tr	I	I took it from her , and she started to set her book back .
tr	O	Hell was a cold , cruel , blasted Realm , but it had its measure of kindness .
tr	O	The mighty swing hits much harder than anticipated , and Rift finds himself flailing through the air , toppling completely off the arching bridge .
tr	I	We follow her and Alex clutches my hand .
tr	I	Understanding came to her in pieces because she simply couldn 't take in the whole situation at once and her awareness was fragmented .
tr	O	People might have accepted the reality of vampires , but that didn 't meant they liked undead Americans .
tr	O	The man she thinks she knows becomes a virtual stranger , and the stranger she hardly knows at all is the reason why .
tr	O	Jamie 's shoulder lifted in a delicate shrug , and she hooked several dark curls behind her ear .
tr	O	Seeing Derrick Fears earlier had left her shaken , but it would be useless to call the police .
tr	I	He nearly vomited locusts on Alma and Kane 's stomach lurched into a squirming mass of lead .
tr	O	Much More Like It Getting out of the Citadel was a bit of a challenge , but they managed it .
tr	I	I checked my watch , seeing that I still had half an hour before the show aired and Jackson ended the call without saying anything else .
tr	I	His free will was blossoming , so maybe she could persuade him to lend a hand , but he didn 't have to take orders from her .
tr	I	Hated not knowing anything , and he was used to being the one with all the answers .
tr	I	She just didn 't get how their tiny little monkey brains worked , but they were adorable .
tr	I	He wore Teva flip-flops with his jeans , and his gray flannel shirt was enormous .
tr	I	He was feeling more miserable just thinking about it and he couldn 't get the thought out of his head .
tr	O	Pandora had an urge to snatch the muffin quickly , but she held off .
tr	I	She screams and when she sees me , her eyes go wide .
tr	O	I don 't need an answer today , but here 's my card .
tr	O	That would have been a challenge , and male wolves never challenged female wolves .
tr	I	Chloe refused to accept his offer but Sam offered to finance her venture .
tr	O	Opening my shop played a big role in how I felt and so , of course , did meeting Brad .
tr	I	He had yet to reveal , and what he wanted me to glean from these classic texts , I could not imagine .
tr	I	It made no sense , but he had claimed to be a scholar .
tr	O	They welcomed him in like a lost friend and Wil immediately felt at home .
tr	I	To my relief , they were roughly my size and I pulled his trousers off .
tr	O	My own orgasm heightened , and I felt my muscles draw him in deeper .
tr	I	I can feel my entire central nervous system go completely numb and my heart sinks what feels like the full length of my body .
tr	I	You can call me Becca , but Mr. Kent , I am Rebecca Rowland .
tr	I	There was a flicker of tension under it , like a cat readying itself to pounce , but his demeanor was still casual .
tr	I	They both felt its radiant warmth as soon as they stepped inside , and there was a woodstove at the back .
tr	O	Her eyes are closed , and her face is relaxed .
tr	O	My lips dipped in a frown , and I shifted in my seat again .
tr	O	He suddenly hunched his shoulders and the ground around him erupted .
tr	O	I wanted to hurl it out the window , but I didn 't .
tr	I	He perched on it , looking over the crowd for a moment and he 'd pulled a tall stool into the center of the stage .
tr	I	Kidnapping was a whole different ball game -- one Steve wasn 't sure he could play , but taking money was bad enough .
tr	O	It started in Joe 's office and I couldn 't control myself .
tr	I	His tongue run up my neck just below my ear , where he kissed me again , and I felt his lips kiss my shoulder .
tr	O	He 's not a very good principal and he 's terrible at discipline .
tr	I	He would get nowhere with the creature or he had to remain in control .
tr	O	My tears slow and I breathe deep .
tr	O	The man went limp , but Tucker held him upright by his trapped arm .
tr	I	Only so we can bring more stuff with us , but it 's a temptation .
tr	O	Several of the street lights were out and the sidewalk was shrouded in shades of gray .
tr	O	I didn 't like snow , and I didn 't like being wet .
tr	O	I try to comm her , but she doesn 't answer .
tr	O	He 'd never been one for threesomes , but she didn 't know that .
tr	O	They used to be friends , but they were friends no longer .
tr	O	Jeff was at his desk and he greeted her coolly .
tr	O	Matthew understood what she wanted and he knew she was right .
tr	O	The sun makes me blink as we step out of the Saunders ' mansion , but my eyes quickly adjust .
tr	I	Above all else , I was going to relax , and I was going to laugh , eat , cuddle .
tr	O	He 's normally pretty good , but today he was all upset .
tr	I	I struggled to balance , and Val pulled my hand .
tr	I	She saw that he wore black gloves , and he lifted the gun .
tr	O	I dreaded being the deliverer of that bad news , but there was no alternative .
tr	I	She certainly looked Native American , as the eyewitnesses had reported , but the image was grainy .
tr	O	I pushed inside her and we both gasped .
tr	O	Her hand remained in Jasmine 's , but her attention was fixed on Riordan .
tr	I	I said no , but Gage wanted me to go with .
tr	I	She let herself in then turned to talk , and I walked her to the door .
tr	I	Halley has the organization , but each one is different .
tr	I	He would be taking more than just a taste , and he was going to drink someone else 's blood .
tr	O	Paul 's mouth stayed shut , clamped shut , but I could feel the fuming he kept bottled inside like it was about to burst .
tr	I	It is correct but it is unfortunate .
tr	I	He was prepared for bad news , and he was a Master vampire .
tr	O	Married for almost four years and they were still like newlyweds .
tr	I	She glanced over at Keith and at this statement Shannon 's eyes grew large .
tr	O	It 's not a bad cave , and we 're lucky to have it .
tr	O	Some of my neighbors had a few extra locks , but I 'd never thought I needed more than two .
tr	O	Colin stepped toward her , and she caught her breath .
tr	I	He caught it with his tongue and a drop of soda dripped off his nose .
tr	O	I haven 't been completely honest with you about everything , but I want to make it right now .
tr	I	Marcie jumped up , and the doorbell chimed .
tr	I	Yet it touched him and such a simple question .
tr	O	Bates stared for a moment longer , and a couple dozen soldiers poured out of the buildings into the street .
tr	I	It did not look familiar and he saw the phone number .
tr	O	We know what he wants , and we can keep him from getting it .
tr	I	I was still getting inquiring emails about my adventures anyway , and I knew I had a back-up plan ( Dex ) .
tr	I	He made it look damned sexy , and he sliced through the wave as if he was born on a surfboard .
tr	O	His body ached all over and his legs felt like overcooked spaghetti .
tr	O	He rose , but his head remained bowed .
tr	O	Joey laughed and I did inside too as Joey took the ball from Tucker .
tr	O	He even began looking in his socks , but alas , the money was not found .
tr	O	I don 't say anything , but in a way Tracy 's right .
tr	I	She didn 't press me , but she knew something was wrong .
tr	O	Jim cut , once , twice , and the prisoner 's hands came free .
tr	I	It took some years to admit his foolishness , but he knew the things he had done wrong .
tr	O	Ryder choked on surprised laughter and I turned back to face him .
tr	I	She could tell that it was very old and inside that box was a beautiful diamond ring .
tr	I	He had to hear it , but he had already guessed the answer .
tr	I	She wouldn 't be frightened by the precautions , but with this in place they could watch her .
tr	I	It shattered my resolve , and he began to weep .
tr	I	It wasn 't cold , and we used fire to light up the longer nights of winter , though we had no name for it .
tr	I	He can 't , but if he could see the lights , it would be simple .
tr	I	I need it pronto and I really need training .
tr	O	The night air in summer had always been soothing , but tonight it stifled Julia 's breathing .
tr	I	There was no more effective way of doing that than knitting , and she needed to ponder her ex-husband 's newfound contrition .
tr	O	Tyler never came to see me and it hurts more than it should .
tr	O	Eventually she nodded and Nick felt like a weight had lifted from his shoulders .
tr	I	One of us has to be sane , but I feel the same .
tr	I	At that moment , Zoe knew the teenager would be okay and Sam grinned .
tr	I	Bob himself was a damn good man , but A piss poor family .
tr	I	They sealed the deal with a handshake , and a smile appeared on Tony 's face .
tr	I	She accepted it and she was alone .
tr	I	The pain reminded him of the danger of what he was about to do , but he could have shoved the ring into his pocket .
tr	I	The men gathered around the ATV and it took fifteen minutes to complete the pile .
tr	I	Her voice wasn 't as cheerful as usual , and this didn 't sound like it could be anything good .
tr	I	His voice assumed a lecturing tone and he sat back in his chair .
tr	O	I don 't see the crack of light she lets in from above , but I hear the soft click of her shoes on the stone .
tr	O	There was a metallic groan and the submersible suddenly lurched forward .
tr	O	Her tactile sensations were improving , but the sensation was not pleasant .
tr	O	The men were passionate , but they weren 't very intelligent .
tr	O	She asked me why would he do this to her and I didn 't have an answer , except to say that men were pigs .
tr	O	His eyes got wide again , and he mumbled something in Italian .
tr	I	Alexandra recognized her immediately , and the young woman turned slightly as Alexandra entered with Lord Ponsonby .
tr	I	I can 't until I know they 're not coming up both lakes , but I 'd rather give you more help .
tr	I	I put it on and he tossed me one of the hotel robes .
tr	O	His fists were clenched and his face was filled with rage .
tr	O	I appreciate it , but I 'm fine .
tr	O	I cranked the starter one cylinder hit then another and we started limping along making maybe six knots .
tr	O	I assumed the growing corn was important to the farmer who owned the land , and I didn 't want us messing with someone 's livelihood .
tr	O	Darkness closed in on him , and the Prince 's vision narrowed .
tr	O	The man behind her prodded her with his machine gun and she quickened her pace .
tr	I	Running seemed inappropriate , but Brick couldn 't keep up with the guard through natural pace .
tr	O	I absolutely hate flying in the rain , but we didn 't really have much choice .
tr	O	You make any stupid moves and we both get shot .
tr	I	Sensation overwhelmed her , and small lights burst behind her eyes .
tr	O	My mouth was open and I was drooling .
tr	O	Thought it weird and knocked on the front door .
tr	I	Her dad died that evening at the hospital , and mom said Prudence was never found .
tr	O	They 'd come across the memoirs of Simeon Blake , and she 'd spent many hours reading tales of an earlier generation .
tr	I	She felt no reflex to swat it away , but a random fly buzzed past Jane 's ear .
tr	I	Mike couldn 't do anything less , and his mother smiled .
tr	I	He wasn 't dangerous but he was injured .
tr	I	He keeps to himself , but he rose last year .
tr	I	The music was alive , and he played a Mozart sonata .
tr	I	I planted both feet in the icy river anyway , but my body shivered in objection .
tr	I	She only cried out again , but he slapped her .
tr	I	Me being an uncle was wonderful and the thought of Father Christmas coming .
tr	I	Her clear green eyes practically beg you to stare into them , and her long , charcoal hair looks like passion born at midnight .
tr	O	My mother ran off not long after , but my dad stuck around .
tr	I	He certainly wasn 't good with words like Marcus was and he had no idea what Marcus had told her .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed , but Michael said nothing .
tr	O	I could have sworn I saw him flinch , but it might have just been a trick of the fading sunlight through the dappled trees .
tr	I	The priest said a brief prayer , followed by a collective shuffling as everyone sat back down and the music stopped .
tr	I	There is no possible way she can miss it and Lily said she won 't be able to make it because it 's her grandmother 's birthday .
tr	I	I was far from innocent , and he 'd had numerous chances to kill me .
tr	O	Bound with silver chains , he was helpless to resist , but his eyes never left mine .
tr	I	He 's still a smart guy , but Zander may be acting like a fool when it comes to Ivy .
tr	O	I hoped he would control it fully but he still could not .
tr	I	I tore my eyes away from his lips to meet his gaze , and he turned his head towards me .
tr	I	Her fingers curled with determination , and her face filled with urgency .
tr	O	Cooper tried to laugh , but he started to worry .
tr	I	Now he was surrounded by prey and he had worked a long time without feeding .
tr	I	Lying here in this bed felt like the worst , but I 'd done a lot of crappy things in my life .
tr	O	That was all it took , five seconds , and I had another bruise , another memory , another scar to add to the collection .
tr	I	It looked horrible with her yellow sundress and she was almost done .
tr	O	Bile rose in his throat , and he wanted to vomit .
tr	O	His broad shoulders relaxed , but he didn 't smile .
tr	I	This was the most desperate yet , but she 'd made one mistake after another .
tr	O	Her fingers were very tight on his , but they only seemed to be getting colder .
tr	I	I feel him watching me , but my father doesn 't respond .
tr	I	I wanted to delay it as long as possible , and nothing would make me as vulnerable as dozing off .
tr	I	He smiled and some of the stiffness left Rand 's rigid features .
tr	O	Nothing mattered but the waves of pleasure washing over them .
tr	O	To help matters , Judge Franco assumed a position on Rick 's right , and Nino took charge of the left .
tr	I	When it did , he agreed to Nathan 's plan , but it took Reggie a little longer for everything to sink in .
tr	I	Her resolve was never strong enough , but she would try to fight it .
tr	I	That didn 't explain why they hadn 't targeted any men , but of course , the majority of library patrons were women .
tr	O	Mary Jo felt the warmth of his affection and she was convinced Noelle did , as well .
tr	I	He could tell she indeed thought it was funny , and she hesitated for three seconds , then laughed slightly .
tr	O	It may take hours , though , and I regret to say that it will be more than uncomfortable .
tr	O	One stood open , and Alex saw a tongue of black cloth .
tr	I	A light comes on and the guard inputs them .
tr	O	He let go of the knife hand , and she lowered it back to the pillow .
tr	O	It had been decades , but Bones remembered his name .
tr	O	She looked between him and the silver wrapped package .
tr	I	I didn 't want to explain it back at school , but I still hadn 't seen the mark Marcus had left .
tr	I	It was just too damn cold to go outside , but it felt like we were in a bubble , the silence surrounding us palpable .
tr	O	She 'd been looking them for hours and they hadn 't moved at all .
tr	I	She pushed the shield up between them , and he took another step in her direction .
tr	I	I 'm tired and it 's late .
tr	I	He was not receptive , but I tried to talk to him again .
tr	I	Reluctantly I joined in , and jess began to belt it out .
tr	I	That 's fine by me and we seemed to have lost Eli after their little show on the dance floor .
tr	O	It was slight but it was there .
tr	I	She didn 't have any living relatives , and Mallory 's parents had been killed in a car accident years ago .
tr	I	He carried himself rather arrogantly and his clothes were obviously tailor-made .
tr	O	They 'd both gotten detention , but it had been worth it .
tr	I	Her face softened into an affectionate smile and the woman followed her gaze .
tr	I	Her pulse went wacky and her spine snapped straight .
tr	O	Father said you were mine and I should protect you .
tr	I	Several of the other maids in the keep , and I asked Biddy .
tr	O	She coughed and strands of spittle hung from her bloody lips .
tr	O	Scott realizes she 's being sarcastic and he laughs too .
tr	O	I fooled them and I tricked them .
tr	I	Andre was moving quickly again and the fight resumed .
tr	I	I wasn 't actually going to admit it out loud , but I knew she was right .
tr	I	Claire pointed at him , and Jared took a step .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure that these were his mother 's remains , but he had a strange feeling that they were .
tr	I	That was not so surprising , but there was no response .
tr	O	I remember going to bed , but I can 't remember when I drifted off to sleep .
tr	O	You came here for Robin , but you shall not have him .
tr	O	She reached to pinch Celaena 's cheek , and Celaena pulled away .
tr	I	I gathered my courage and she slipped around a corner .
tr	I	Common sense overruled that brief thought , but despite herself , she was tempted .
tr	I	He looks away and his eyes start blinking rapidly .
tr	I	He turned toward her with dawning amazement , and something else had taken hold of him .
tr	O	I work on houses mainly , but I 'll do commercial , too .
tr	I	The reason for it was Ion ... And he could not last .
tr	I	Females found shirtless guys appealing and except that she was female .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed , and the rest of her words hit him .
tr	O	He had not thought himself capable of tenderness , yet Shea managed to bring it out of him .
tr	I	Neither Carpathian looked at her , but Mary Ann leaned back in her chair .
tr	O	I force a smile , because Hanna 's sensitive , and I don 't want her worrying about me .
tr	O	Gregori started to speak but Mikhail forestalled him by moving into the center of the circle .
tr	I	Macy quickly grabbed them and when he surfaced , he returned his untouched boxers to the trousers .
tr	I	The truck 's engine roared to life and a second later the front door slammed .
tr	O	They stood silently together , watching as the sun rose over the horizon and the sky flamed with a brilliant array of colors .
tr	O	I 've yet to be battered in public but I don 't think that is far off .
tr	O	A bunch of kids were having chicken fights in the shallow end , and girls were tanning on lounge chairs near the bar .
tr	O	A house underwater was one thing , but a house like that ?
tr	O	His papa had been more than strict and the strap marks on his back were the proof .
tr	I	I really didn 't want that to happen , but Laurence wanted by all means to come with me in England .
tr	I	Even he looked aghast when Emma told us what the cost had been of Sydney getting caught , but I could tell Marcus approved of that strategy .
tr	I	For Shane , it was definitely a safe bet that was where he 'd gone off to , but not likely Eve was there .
tr	I	They 're waiting for you and we 've gathered our supporters .
tr	I	She would try again but it made it seem like he was totally uninterested in the conversation .
tr	I	It was very bad if we ran out and the DNAs were easy to grow in bacteria .
tr	I	We ease down into a silent graveyard of suburban grid homes , and I take the next exit .
tr	I	It was true , but I hadn 't thought about that before .
tr	O	Maybe I 'd do something to force their hand and they 'd have to kill me .
tr	I	I pretended not to care , but it tugged at my chest , the sound of her crying .
tr	O	I wiped at my eyes , and embarrassingly , she was right .
tr	I	She knew what he felt , but she didn 't answer him .
tr	I	He didn 't care , but probably the others thought he was ridiculous , crying over a roach .
tr	O	It was the only smart thing to do , and it was what she 'd planned to do .
tr	I	It would hold them all in place , and the last man would secure his boat to the docking pillar .
tr	O	His green eyes were shining , and his skin was ghastly white .
tr	I	Immediately the tunnel was filled with light and he took the ring .
tr	I	Rebecca turned to Daniel , and the door closed behind him .
tr	O	Garrett eased himself down , and Blue laid on his feet with a contented sigh .
tr	O	For others it 's where you find those you love , or maybe it 's where you find those who love you .
tr	O	Zeller hadn 't had this level of power before , but he 'd tapped into the core of the planet .
tr	O	Declan led her to the edge of the balcony , and they looked out on the glowing lights of the Fairy city .
tr	I	They gleam with relish at my earnest expression , but his own eyes are glazed with lust .
tr	I	It was too dark to make out what they were , but Pictures lined the walls .
tr	I	It bolted out of the barn , and Uncle Kar swatted the horse .
tr	O	I 'm starving again , and we just had lunch .
tr	O	I 'm way outnumbered and you have all these weapons .
tr	I	He seized hold of her hand , his touch surprisingly gentle for the pain he had to be suffering , but she reached for him .
tr	I	He did not register their surprise , but all three turned to him .
tr	I	Mitch began his story , and the wine arrived .
tr	I	I obediently follow up behind and Chest turns to the left .
tr	O	You may be my driver , but you aren 't my shadow .
tr	O	I don 't know why , but I do .
tr	I	She had blown it , and this was the only thing she was responsible for .
tr	O	Hope buoys me up , and I shove to my feet , eager now .
tr	I	I secretly hoped their eyes would stay like that and their eyes were rolling at the sight of me .
tr	I	Josie was faster but a bigger woman , she hit the wall hard with her shoulder .
tr	O	My hands have begun to shake and I grip them , hard .
tr	O	He looked up to gauge my reaction , and I suppose I registered surprise .
tr	O	With nobody to blame they would slowly turn on each other , and three hundred years of civil war would erupt .
tr	O	Repeatedly , he lunged until the point of the blade caught its neck , drawing blood , but still it came on .
tr	O	Viper touched her arm and she heaved a sigh .
tr	O	Whatever safety measures he had initiated saved him from perishing as his yacht crashed into the ocean , but he didn 't get away completely unscathed .
tr	O	Could be Harley 's right , and there 's absolutely nothing there relating to the collection .
tr	I	She wanted to weep with the joy of it , yet he thought he had committed an unforgivable crime .
tr	I	He removed it from his back and his fingers went immediately to the handle of his club .
tr	I	He had new evidence that she was just as lovely inside and she really was a strikingly beautiful woman .
tr	O	Something whirled towards Nightingale 's head and he ducked .
tr	I	They shook and he held out his hand .
tr	O	There 's something that I have to do , and it 's important .
tr	O	He didn 't know how much time had passed but it felt like forever .
tr	I	Only thirty had been identified conclusively , but thirty-four bodies were recovered .
tr	I	His friend was now returning the favour and he 'd been best man for Damien Wynter at his wedding to Charlotte .
tr	O	Kelly 's shoulders slumped and he rolled his eyes .
tr	O	Even the teachers seem more lethargic , and the lessons billow rather than strike .
tr	I	It had nothing to do with his swift ascent of the stairs , and her pulse raced .
tr	I	We were weakest apart and we were strongest together .
tr	O	D.D. showed up at one point and she was the only person in the place who gave me a bum eye .
tr	I	She did sincerely want to fit in , but the newly self-conscious Anne Fitch fidgeted a little in her chair .
tr	O	Normally I would have pushed him back , but I didn 't want to touch him .
tr	O	He must have evinced his disappointment , because she sighed , and her tone softened .
tr	I	At last the hobbit opened his eyes again , and they did this for a long while .
tr	I	She was on the ground floor , the exit in sight , but there were still the two guards to contend with .
tr	I	Already the skin around the scratch had turned bright red , but only a trickle of blood flowed .
tr	I	He had a serious look on his face , and our eyes locked .
tr	O	Finding the nearest bus stop and going home to avoid confrontation .
tr	O	A moment passed in silence , and then he heard a single drip off somewhere near the middle of the baths .
tr	I	She had a good idea it wasn 't love , but she wasn 't sure what he was looking for .
tr	I	He clung to life , but Luiz was far away .
tr	I	The entire half that they 'd managed to erect fell down , and I grinned as Ben lost a pole somewhere in the fabric .
tr	I	I pretend to cough and my voice catches .
tr	O	I did what I was told and I don 't even know why .
tr	O	Almost a blur , moving so quickly , but there was only one person it could be .
tr	O	Mac didn 't have much except for the rucksack he 'd slung in the trunk , and he was capable of carrying that himself .
tr	I	He didn 't seem to mind , but it was pretty gross since I hadn 't showered .
tr	O	A look of intense concentration crossed her placid face , and the rocking continued steadily for at least an hour .
tr	O	That decision had been less than forty-five minutes ago , and here I am , turning into Caroline 's street .
tr	I	She shook her head , grabbing his wrists but she shivered as his hands touched her skin .
tr	I	The wizard held the object sideways in both hands and at last the contents peeked out from its furry shroud .
tr	I	Shit , in that moment , I was willing to risk it , but I knew her birth control hadn 't kicked in yet .
tr	I	He doesn 't know this , but three hours have gone by .
tr	O	Clearly she had many unresolved issues and she knew she couldn 't go on like this .
tr	I	She was too slow , but she took a shaking step toward Ares .
tr	O	She wanted to say she was doing it for Kirsty , but the lump in her throat was too large to circumvent .
tr	O	It had seemed an unlikely prospect at the time , but that was before her sister became a widow .
tr	O	A few birds wheeled overhead , and they were wrong .
tr	O	I tried talking to her about it once , and she seemed a little dotty to me .
tr	O	She leaned in to kiss me and I pulled her tight , never wanting to let her go .
tr	O	The music was jovial and the musicians were pristine .
tr	I	Since Victor 's magic was absolute , it had no choice , but if it could feel anything , the Shadow would have groaned .
tr	O	Nothing had been ordinary since the Germans had occupied France , and the scattered soldiers in the street stood out to me like candles in the night .
tr	O	I enjoyed this part of my life ; not the killing , but the team work .
tr	O	She decided to go on a hunt upstairs but she heard the key in the lock .
tr	O	We had walked on and I had forgotten about them , until now .
tr	I	All the men of land drowned , and in the end the two ships sank each other .
tr	O	I don 't want to be in this God damn room anymore , but leaving means facing the world , myself , my father , Callie .
tr	O	There 's a pause , and as Holly 's eyes are closed , I take the opportunity to have a really good look at her .
tr	I	I want every day of those few weeks but I know we only have a few weeks .
tr	O	My magic wavered , and to my astonishment , he began dragging me - slowly - across the living room .
tr	I	I am not allowed to be in them now , and I had never been allowed to enter these woods .
tr	I	She wasn 't , but if her mother were here she would know what to do .
tr	O	The tide was high , and she had to wade through knee-deep water before reaching the bank .
tr	O	Because it 's only been seven hours since I left the hotel and I miss her .
tr	I	His rage took over and he looked at all the pictures of them in happier times scattered around the apartment .
tr	I	I shot up , slamming my fist into his stomach , and Aiden jumped .
tr	O	Edwin may have been acting , but none of them noticed .
tr	I	They visited her often , especially Barbra Streisand , the green with red striped hummingbird and she had placed a bird feeder in her yard for them .
tr	I	It seemed to help quell the fear they both felt and they exchanged small talk as they walked .
tr	I	Once they purchased the camera made their way back in the direction of the La Mansion Hotel and they pressed on .
tr	I	She 'd turned our way , and the harpy had seen us .
tr	I	Pressed a button and * * * Ariella 's heart pounded as she climbed into the elevator .
tr	I	His jaw was clenched tight and his back was pressed into the driver 's side door .
tr	O	Sweat dripped through her black tresses , and her face was flushed beyond recognition .
tr	I	It hasn 't always been his career , but Writing has always been his first , true love .
tr	O	He punched the stop button and we beamed at each other .
tr	O	She knew exactly what she was and this creature was certainly not it .
tr	O	It shouldn 't have made sense , but it did .
tr	O	The sun was just setting and it was quiet in the main house .
tr	I	It wasn 't made of any material I recognized , and the Black Knight wore a tight-fitting piece of body armor .
tr	O	Brazel could be longwinded , and it was better to let him do the explaining than to ask questions .
tr	I	Having them at my back would give me a sense of peace , and they could get into places I couldn 't .
tr	O	Sam hadn 't liked it either , but of course I understood him so clearly when he was a boy .
tr	I	Then it was gone , and it filled the spaces around her , vibrated in the air .
tr	I	I wanted to smack him through the phone , and Tommy asked .
tr	O	Serena had always played tough but she was vulnerable in so many ways .
tr	O	Normally he would have driven to her house , but he did not like driving on that winding road .
tr	I	His heart nearly stopped , and Daniel opened his eyes .
tr	O	The intensity of it hit me all at once , and I was breathless .
tr	O	I kissed him back , and I did not think .
tr	I	It wasn 't the worst either , but it wasn 't the greatest idea .
tr	I	A rush of burning energy into his mind drowned his thoughts out but Zook began to think .
tr	O	I won 't interfere in yours , and you won 't interfere in mine .
tr	I	Cian took up the rear and Fin kept with the bulk of them .
tr	I	It was more from anger than from fright , but his hands were shaking .
tr	O	I was just about to take steps , but the other cultists beat me to it .
tr	O	He led us into his office again and the four of us exchanged nervous glances .
tr	O	She looks nervous and she looks pale .
tr	I	Shannon said nothing , but AJ verified it .
tr	O	I didn 't really get it but it clearly made him very successful .
tr	I	I swear he seemed to swell in front of me and the words rumbled from his chest .
tr	I	She had an awful lot of it , and Hannah really was turning on the charm .
tr	I	She paled with the effort it took to make it to her room , and as we walked down the hall , her shoulders slumped .
tr	I	I lean back against it and we get to the front door .
tr	I	The rest of the guys shifted uneasily and Dennis cleared his throat .
tr	O	I hastened to return home , and Elisha eagerly demanded the result .
tr	I	They missed their dad and they missed their friends .
tr	I	Maybe the idea that she was the reincarnation of James 's wife was nonsense , or maybe it was the addition of the modern amenities .
tr	I	She had to be well for them and they were her main focus in life .
tr	O	He was such a good brother and she was such a good mother .
tr	I	Somehow it seemed foreign to him , but Archie had never been accused of being a worldly fellow .
tr	I	I was afraid he was reading my thoughts and Jakob watched me carefully .
tr	O	he asked curiously , and my heart stopped for a second .
tr	I	Quinn brought it to me , but Marietta might have made it .
tr	O	My body grew tense but I stayed still .
tr	O	I 'd been tentative about taking a creative writing class focused on non-fiction , but in the end , it was the right fit .
tr	O	The king laughed out loud and the nearest members of his bodyguard twitched their heads in his direction .
tr	I	I could feel my mouth watering and Miranda was slicing the pumpkin rolls .
tr	O	Bonnie said , and her eyes were sparkling with indignation .
tr	O	He 's pressing himself against me , and I know that he wants me .
tr	I	The severity of the situation hit me and the sound of sirens began to fill the air in the distance .
tr	O	I didn 't have much money , but I wanted to take her out on a picnic .
tr	O	Her eyes were still red from crying , but Alena 's narrowing gaze was cold nonetheless .
tr	O	There was no blackened corpse behind the wheel and there wasn 't one on the ground .
tr	O	When I tumbled out of bed , I threw on a faded pair of grey sweatpants and I vaguely remember stumbling into the hallway .
tr	O	Polly , out of breath , huffed along , and Albert puffed nervously on his pipe .
tr	I	Wilbur struggled , but Jeff stood .
tr	O	She seems reluctant , but Adam urges her .
tr	I	She loved him so much she cried with it , and he fucked with such skill , such breathtaking expertise .
tr	O	Her wrists had ugly chafe marks on them , but she was ready to disregard them since she had her hands back .
tr	I	Rebecca Morris gasped with fright and the two fluorescent tubes went out .
tr	O	I tried to convince her that the bitch was lyin ' , but with my track record she wouldn 't believe me .
tr	I	I had gotten lost in the tragedy and that something unfortunate had happened to him .
tr	I	I possessed a coolness of judgment that fitted me for illustrious achievements , but my feelings are profound .
tr	O	I followed Delores into the living room , but she didn 't sit .
tr	I	He trailed his fingertips down my arm , and this brought a smile to Dorian 's lips .
tr	O	With everyone else he had always been able to keep their emotions , and inner personality blocked out if he didn 't want to feel them .
tr	I	She crouched in defense and her muscles corded reflexively .
tr	I	It soon would be , but no that 's not true , he corrected .
tr	I	The raft shot ahead , bouncing like a toy across the tops of the swell , and one of the SEALs cranked the sealed outboard motor .
tr	I	She chewed at her lip , like she was gauging the best way to lay this on her dad , and a burdened breath seeped from Aly .
tr	O	I saw the soul of Time , and it drove me mad .
tr	I	I called as soon as I had finished talking with her , and she gave me a hotel number .
tr	I	Julie 's gaze just drifted to the ground , but he expected her to gasp .
tr	I	Most were looking for blood , but some of them meant well .
tr	O	He wanted to devour her , possess her , and he did .
tr	O	The mayor thinks we 're enemies of the state , and she 's not above beating a Master vampire .
tr	I	She couldn 't have completely misread him , but she might be inexperienced .
tr	I	A smile crossed his face and Gabriel 's eyes widened slightly .
tr	O	I let the poster fall to my side and I put my free hand on my hip .
tr	O	Her ash blonde hair was uncharacteristically messy , and her lithe figure for once faked lethargy .
tr	O	He opened his mouth to respond , but before he could , his mother called his name .
tr	O	Great , she 'd be the cat lady and she 'd always been more of a dog person .
tr	I	Ian forced them back , but tears pricked his eyes .
tr	O	My heart leapt when the back door opened and Jackson stepped out , grinning at me .
tr	I	She knew it would only upset him , but she wanted to help him bring out his demons so he could deal with them .
tr	I	Josephine hopped in her car and Gary stalked off .
tr	I	We were half-way into November , after all and I had run out of the house without putting on a jacket .
tr	I	I do not wish her to suffer and she is a valuable member of my crew .
tr	I	There were several long seconds of uneasy silence and Ryan sat back down .
tr	I	She didn 't , but I waited for her to say something to me .
tr	I	It was not fit to be the wedding venue for a man who was once a billionaire , and this was a hospital room .
tr	I	She was sure that Josh was feeling the same way , and it had been at least thirty hours since she had a meal .
tr	O	I probably should have left the conversation there , but I asked if the company had a local branch where I might get another car .
tr	O	She wiped them away with the sleeve of her shirt , but the tears continued to pour out .
tr	O	They both hanged up and Lea prepared to leave .
tr	O	Yes , he minded , but that was a Warlord Prince 's instinctive possessiveness talking .
tr	I	Then it feels like it stops completely when I fly out the window , and my heart races .
tr	I	It gives them comfort and they feel your warmth .
tr	O	She was only a week old and now she was notorious at AHS .
tr	O	The anger tried to flare back up , and I had to slow my breathing a little , concentrate on my pulse .
tr	O	She bolted for the stairs , but Lance was instantly beside her , looking into her eyes .
tr	O	My voice is once again wistful and eyes closed as I feel the calm settle over me .
tr	I	I guess I do , but I don 't mean to sound terse .
tr	O	I was no baby , but this hurt .
tr	O	It wasn 't fine , but she managed to hide the fact .
tr	O	I looked back to Loria , and yep , she was out .
tr	O	His mother 's going , but she can 't be with him 24-7 .
tr	O	His friend weighed twice what Killian did , but Tavi found that he could move him .
tr	I	I preferred to answer them somewhere much more private than the middle of the freshman dorms , but there would inevitably be questions .
tr	O	It was like I didn 't want to hear it , but I couldn 't help myself .
tr	I	Amy nodded in agreement and Charlie chimed in .
tr	I	He didn 't get up right away , but CHAPTER 8 The chair splintered into its component parts when Drew hit the floor .
tr	O	My eyes closing and he kissed my forehead .
tr	I	I don 't have a choice at the moment , but I ask Cameron , not wanting to trust him .
tr	O	Her suspicions seemed silly in the soft light of the ballroom , but there was no denying the letter .
tr	I	She 'd had to bury him , and then they 'd taken him away .
tr	I	He felt Deni move closer to him , and Jace recoiled inside .
tr	O	Sir Max was a buffoon , but everyone knew it .
tr	O	She will be the first perhaps ; or Susie Blakely may be the first .
tr	O	He is consecrated to the Lord , and the Essenes know that he is under the vow .
tr	I	Both times she 'd declined and twice that week he 'd asked Amy to go running with him .
tr	O	The bubble burst , and a red smear appeared on the parking lot beneath it .
tr	O	A stray piece of blond hair drifted into her face , but she didn 't seem to notice .
tr	O	The school had hired her on his behalf , and for six months he 'd hardly been aware of her .
tr	I	Both , it seemed , were just out of his reach , and both , he thought , were just things that Jeff wanted to have .
tr	O	Her flight had landed in D.C. less than an hour ago , and the sun still hadn 't risen above the sky .
tr	I	Trance music blasted from the speakers , and there was a DJ booth along one wall .
tr	I	He 's still at it , and came into the world with a vengeance , that boy did .
tr	O	James started toward the center of the Parthenon , and several feet away , he began to glow .
tr	O	A dozen names came up , and each one of them would have to be visited .
tr	I	Betty had few answers but others had many questions .
tr	O	She seemed subdued , but since she was the cheerleading sponsor , I 'm sure she felt she had to be there .
tr	I	A fair vision had visited him in this land of disease , and the dark shadow had passed .
tr	I	The air still smelled of the shower , and it had rained earlier in the day .
tr	O	He looked at me , confused , and he fell to his knees .
tr	O	He crooked his other elbow at her , and Alma slid her hand around his arm .
tr	I	My spear are broken and I think my bow .
tr	I	He threw his arms in the air , and Aeron 's exasperation reached a new high .
tr	I	Their hair darkened within the first five years , but infants were often brown with a white tuft of hair at the rump .
tr	I	She slowly exhaled , and her stomach settled down a few minutes later .
tr	O	I knew where this story was going , and it pained me to listen .
tr	O	I want to ask them what happened , but if I speak , they 'll connect the dots .
tr	O	When he opens it , I stumble back and my stomach drops .
tr	O	I heard the locks sliding out of place and the door opened .
tr	I	It wasn 't exactly in the front of my mind , but I can 't say I 'd forgotten about my Mum .
tr	O	I wanted to throw in a less revealing PJ option , but I didn 't let myself .
tr	O	Emotion lowered the timber of his voice , and his hands slid down either side of my throat in a sensual caress .
tr	I	The window was wide open , and there was no one inside .
tr	I	I heard it wrong and maybe it was just a mistake .
tr	I	I were in a parking garage with those Rack demons that had wanted to play ball with our heads and I thought of the last time Roth .
tr	I	Relief flooded his features , and his posture relaxed .
tr	O	No one spoke too much on the way to the Traveler and Mr. Thompson occasionally shifted hands while carrying Jenny 's medium sized travel case .
tr	I	The seating under the tent filled to capacity and the breeze had started to cool off .
tr	O	Like he was starving and I was his last meal .
tr	I	That 's what mattered and she had slowed him down .
tr	O	They 'd picked up Zeus on the way back , and he lay nestled at their feet .
tr	O	We started moving again , and I was still cursing the whole eyes closed thing .
tr	I	There was enough for everyone , and they were fed .
tr	O	I had no idea who he was , but I certainly enjoyed looking at him .
tr	I	They stopped near the bar and the conversation was over .
tr	O	I 'd always been happy , but I 'd never known the intense satisfaction that came with being loved .
tr	I	I laughed for a short take , and Ken joked .
tr	O	He brought his eyes back to mine and his body relaxed when he noticed my tears .
tr	O	its endurance expended , and the body slumped back against the cold stone wall .
tr	I	After tonight it 'll be seventeen , but so far we 've gotten up to sixteen .
tr	O	They carried him gently to another room , and then hid themselves in the predawn darkness .
tr	O	The suit was nice , but naked was even better .
tr	I	Their families were closely connected and they had grown up together .
tr	O	Dead bodies were strewn across the lawn , and when the sun began to rise the scene was gruesome .
tr	I	The place still dripped with sweltering humidity , but a vent funneled heat to the outside .
tr	O	See you in the morning , ' and then she disappeared out the back door .
tr	O	She attempted to smile but the effort fell short .
tr	I	Her self-imposed Clay exile was nearing an end , and Tomorrow would be Saturday .
tr	O	Hank made a lot of promises , and when they aren 't fulfilled , no one 's going to point fingers at him .
tr	I	I rested it against my husband 's shoulder , and my head felt heavy .
tr	I	I couldn 't protect them , and then I lost my powers .
tr	O	Jimmy didn 't know what clairvoyance was , but he relaxed a little .
tr	I	It showed and their argument didn 't seem to be resolving itself .
tr	I	Her long hair is in my face and we 're spooning like a married couple .
tr	O	I felt the anger I had felt earlier and it was unleashed .
tr	I	It was nothing like this , but last year was bad .
tr	O	She tried to shut him out , but no matter what she did , the thought of him always lingered .
tr	I	She was determined to learn from it and he 'd taught her a valuable lesson .
tr	O	I started to say all this , to ask the questions I need answered , but Mom straightened in the window seat .
tr	O	She tasted like everything he 'd ever needed , and he groaned as he lost himself in her .
tr	I	Jason couldn 't do a damn thing about it and they were creeping her out .
tr	O	I noticed Aster was pulling her shirt together a little tighter , and Gear was tugging at the bottom of his shirt as well .
tr	O	I drew her close and she leaned against me .
tr	O	I didn 't think he had , but I wanted to see his reaction .
tr	I	He offered her a quick nod , and he did look at Henrietta though .
tr	O	McBride doubted they had been observed , but their absence would be noticed later .
tr	I	Her heels got her up to about five feet seven inches , but she was short , maybe only five feet four inches tall .
tr	O	There doesn 't say but that car was stolen .
tr	O	Seth should have been an exception , since Neil had been living with him for months , but Neil had never liked him .
tr	I	I like it , but I have no idea what he 's going to do .
tr	I	I jumped , and Lisbeth said .
tr	I	Beth could only imagine what he had seen during that time and he had served two military tours .
tr	O	He leaned in to lightly pepper kisses across my collarbone , and I shivered from a chill that ran down my spine .
tr	O	They all fired knockout spells at just about the same time and all of them bounced harmlessly away from her .
tr	I	Sheila had early appointments in the morning and Charles seemed to be getting antsy .
tr	O	I urged her to find another guy to take his place , but she didn 't seem too thrilled with the promise .
tr	O	If any other humans exist in other areas , they either have the skills to survive , or they do not .
tr	O	The sensation nudged his brain , but he resisted .
tr	O	It was he who suffered , and he had only himself to blame .
tr	O	Mo flung her hand out , and the Source crackled over her knuckles .
tr	I	He had to pretend not to notice , but her face often danced with a gentle smile when their eyes locked .
tr	I	Travis started speaking again in an effort to squash it and that thread of panic wormed its way back through him .
tr	I	The crashing of the waves echoed from the sides of the room , and the river was a torrent .
tr	I	I wouldn 't clap eyes on him , and he looked at me for a long time .
tr	O	Azalea immediately began to get self-conscious but she refused to move a muscle .
tr	O	We return and he knocks .
tr	I	Thick eyeliner rimmed her eyes , and her hair was piled high on her head .
tr	I	A moment before everyone is laughing with me but it doesn 't take .
tr	O	The SUV hummed as Tom put it into drive , and before long they were rolling over the snow-covered road .
tr	O	Realizing he had to do damage control Rome strode toward the house but Arie didn 't wait for him to get to her .
tr	O	I 'll admit that I 'm starving , but I 'm surprised by his invitation .
tr	O	His voice drifted away , and I tried to speak .
tr	O	Her daily routine was a series of chores , and that was enough to wear anyone down .
tr	O	Of course they would whisper , and I could never catch much .
tr	O	He believes you 've had your chance , and this is a natural turning point in the evolution of intelligence .
tr	O	I tried to reach for the images , but it was like trying to grab air .
tr	O	The chase was over and he would win .
tr	I	It made her anger rise , and she heard him behind her , chuckling at her reaction .
tr	I	I slid down slightly and he loosened his grip .
tr	I	He had been quite tired , and she had needed to do a few chores .
tr	I	I know there 're a lot of good people out there , but I don 't know if I 'm a good person , Milt .
tr	I	I hated myself for it and my body flared to life .
tr	O	I don 't get a lot of invitations , and when I do , they 're usually more Hallmark than watermark .
tr	I	Marjorie knew him , so it had to be someone else , but the only gentleman who ever came to call was Mr. Roberts .
tr	I	They keep staring right back at me and I keep looking over at my children .
tr	I	Broad ribs were still visible , yet their chest rippled with muscle .
tr	I	His face turns into pity and he takes in my appearance .
tr	I	There wasn 't even anyone watching , and I was laughing , actually laughing .
tr	I	You nearly made me come , but I 'm not ready for anal sex .
tr	I	Rumor had him drinking heavily and while Tynan was an admirable man , he was old .
tr	I	Softly we begin to explore each other and she puts her lips to my lips .
tr	O	Tristan began to walk toward the forest line as if in a trance , and I immediately moved to cross his path .
tr	I	I shook and one look .
tr	I	The swagger is gone and any fake charm disappears .
tr	I	They walked across campus , and Zach took her by the hand .
tr	I	I put it off as long as possible , and I have to prepare for a hearing on Wednesday .
tr	I	There 's also everything outside you , and your mind is working out that there 's a you .
tr	I	When I 'm finished , a new reign shall begin , and you will all stand witness to the undoing of Hell .
tr	O	Not a very sophisticated thing , I know , but what can I say ?
tr	O	He mangled the word , but her footsteps ceased .
tr	I	It 's at a shop owned by an old Korean lady and I followed her the other day .
tr	O	From the corner of my eye , I could see Raegan watching us , but I didn 't care .
tr	I	I feel the walls of the city are weak , but he has quite an advantage being able to see the enemy approaching from all sides .
tr	I	He 'll look like a conqueror but sure , my husband will be frowned upon for sleeping with a girl almost a third of his age .
tr	I	She confirmed it was correct and he read the address out to her .
tr	O	I felt the ladies ' looks leave me , and I physically relaxed .
tr	I	He kicked a can of paint sitting on the floor and Color crept up Luke 's face .
tr	O	I want to , Reyes , but I 'm scared .
tr	O	She can 't see it , because her hand is hidden behind the book , but the ring is glimmering .
tr	O	He started rocking with laughter at my reaction and I started shaking from the restraint .
tr	O	He tried to talk her into a better place , but she resisted at every step .
tr	O	Edric 's cup landed upon the desk , and he stood , groaning as he did .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure what it was herself , but she wanted him to understand what he was getting into .
tr	I	This feels so wrong ... but I ' l do whatever I have to do to play bal for Alabama .
tr	I	Yet I smile when he strides into sight , And his stride will never be the longest length .
tr	I	The Russian lieutenant smiles , and the helmet cam streams his frightened expression back to the Russian command center .
tr	I	Bart sensed her claws were at the ready , but Sally gave Anne a cheerful smile .
tr	I	He grabbed her just the same , but even Mike raced towards her with such force she cringed away .
tr	I	He moves against me with greater force , and if anything , my desperate clutching only seems to spur him on .
tr	I	Claire didn 't think he was , but his head was down , as if he were concentrating on his music .
tr	I	Now they were about to leave that , and they 'd just settled into their Navy housing .
tr	O	He looked at me , seeing my thoughts , seeing my strengths , but none of what I felt seemed to matter to him at all .
tr	I	I resisted , but I could almost feel Blake 's gaze boring into me , imploring me to look up .
tr	I	He makes no move to do so , but I wait , a little tense , a little unnerved , for him to undress me .
tr	I	Light spilled out into the hallway , and the double doors were thrown open .
tr	O	She knew who Tess was and Tess knew who Jo was .
tr	I	There was no mistaking the dangerous glint in his eyes as he stood there staring back at her , but he didn 't respond .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to immediately kill me the way she wanted to and she let out a frustrated scream that I 'd stalled her initial attack .
tr	O	His eyes turn understanding , but his tone reflects his concern .
tr	I	The therapist in her knew better , but she ached to kiss him again .
tr	I	They slay them with ease like child 's play but more knights tried to stop them .
tr	O	She 'd seen Laura Riley around town , and Laura was a beautiful woman .
tr	O	I roll my eyes at him , but my insides are flipping over themselves .
tr	O	I don 't know if I was right before , but I 'm definitely right now .
tr	O	Then somebody showed up in a car , and the dwarf let me go .
tr	O	Part of her had wanted to follow that path , but another wouldn 't let her .
tr	I	Silence returned and the scouts passed by quickly .
tr	O	I looked up at him and another tear hit my cheek .
tr	I	She didn 't even recognize the sound of her own voice , and she gasped .
tr	O	Tonight was going perfectly so far and I didn 't want to do anything to ruin it .
tr	I	Sitting up in bed and there he finds his grandmother , fit as a fiddle .
tr	O	It reminded him of home and he felt his tension ease .
tr	I	She may have been slightly relieved that she didn 't have to kill me right at the moment , and then Pam turned to Eric .
tr	I	My heart soared even higher and he looked hopeful that I would agree .
tr	O	There was no point in beating about the bush , and I believe the direct approach is usually best .
tr	O	I don 't even remember how many curse words escaped my mouth , but I had to have set a record .
tr	I	We entered what appeared to be a dojo , and he parked the car .
tr	I	You never tried , and you never understood him .
tr	I	Now my life lies in pieces around me and he challenged me to go on this journey .
tr	O	I heard snippets of conversation as I was jostled around and I knew I hadn 't been the only one affected by Jackson 's performance .
tr	I	The snow had become quite deep , and we had been gone for hours .
tr	I	I 'm barely paying attention but his rheumy eyes are shrewd .
tr	I	Jack could bring it to him to have when he woke up , and all that mattered was the fact that Will had loved the toy .
tr	O	It 's harmless enough and she enjoys it .
tr	O	My assailant tightened the gag and it bit into my skin , pulling painfully at my cheeks .
tr	I	I can 't really describe it , but they all smell different .
tr	I	Instead she got angry , but Chloe could have cried .
tr	O	The building must have shifted , or someone else has been here .
tr	I	I felt his shoulder close to my head like an invitation and Noah shifted .
tr	I	He wasn 't confident , but Peregrine Pratt was wondering how his complement had gone down .
tr	O	He refused to see her , yet he refused to leave her alone .
tr	I	They were no longer there , but Alex turned to glare at the three men .
tr	O	She takes the papers on the desk and I ring the bell .
tr	O	She held out her hand to me , and I took it .
tr	I	Sometimes a wolf would howl somewhere out in the forest , and the night was peaceful with only an occasional bark from the dogs in the village .
tr	I	Xavier didn 't disappoint him , and Antonio ran to him , expecting a pat on the head .
tr	I	I can 't figure her angle , and this whole thing scans like some sort of elaborate test .
tr	I	He did as the witch asked , but Arron 's face contorted with rage .
tr	O	She jabbed with a finger , and Clary looked , unwillingly .
tr	O	Her grandmother 's haughty words linger in my mind and the pain in her dad 's eyes haunts me .
tr	O	Maybe he 'd get lucky and they 'd decide to let him go rather then come after him in this horrid heat .
tr	O	Instead , I move my hand as if to return the knife to its sheath , but I do not pull the blade back quite far enough .
tr	I	Beyond I 'm sure , and 91 - ' 99 .
tr	I	The aromas of the haute cuisine creations had hit her salivary glands and Hashem had raised the covers to show her the cookbook perfection below .
tr	O	I know who you are now , but I don 't know the facts .
tr	I	That delayed the train for two hours , and a heavy rain during the night resulted in a partial landslide in the hilly Lonavala .
tr	I	Others cause conflicting effects and some reinforce one another .
tr	I	There were sacks hanging from them in the middle and around the courtyard wooden poles had been nailed together .
tr	I	Her orders were as good as The Generals to Bolt , and she demanded .
tr	O	If he walked out , he walked out , but at least he 'd leave with the truth .
tr	I	He wisely kept his head lowered , but he shuddered at the sensation of his skin being flayed from his flesh .
tr	I	The warm breeze brushed the ends of my hair against my bare arms , and I could sense each blade of grass underneath my hands .
tr	I	That was all the food they had unless they wanted to forage , and they 'd taken all the MREs they could carry from the ATV .
tr	O	It had never happened to her before , but she knew it was an outside source .
tr	O	I dropped back to my knees , and his head twitched to one side .
tr	I	You 're also a terrible dancer but you 're sweet .
tr	I	It made her tongue numb , but it was like cough syrup .
tr	O	Windows never remain stable for more than a few minutes , but I have the power to keep them open indefinitely .
tr	I	I don 't care , but it costs most of my money .
tr	O	Admittedly there weren 't too many , and that was probably a good thing .
tr	I	I savored them all the more when they came , and there weren 't many pleasures at Mercy .
tr	I	What is left is strong , and it has bled .
tr	O	It was opened by Ernie , the aide , and we rode the elevator to the Assisted Living floor .
tr	I	I could feel every single sensation running through it and my body tightened up .
tr	I	Andy scampered over towards us and the guard was not paying any attention .
tr	I	I blinked at him , unsure of what he meant and my hand fell from his arm .
tr	I	It didn 't matter but the mattress was firm .
tr	O	The planes are already overhead , and I feel sick in a way I don 't know how to explain .
tr	O	I might not know how to sling a sword , but I could throw verbal daggers with the best of them .
tr	O	Damien is still standing with his mouth hanging open , and Zeke is hovering over me .
tr	O	A jolt of energy fell on Daniel and he jerked backward as though punched in the face .
tr	I	Emma shrieked with laughter , and I swung her around .
tr	O	It was Mariah Carey in the worst possible way , but it was so right at the moment .
tr	O	Sometimes Mrs. Johnson came looking for him at the house , and he wished to avoid her as much as he could .
tr	O	His discomfort vanished in an instant and he went back to his gloating .
tr	O	He wanted to tell her she was healing him , and his gunshot injury was doing fine too .
tr	O	More fire , fire that didn 't so much as singe her fingertips , but the door didn 't open .
tr	O	He came willingly , and I could see that the anger had drained out of him .
tr	O	It made me feel important and it stopped me thinking about Dad .
tr	I	It still wouldn 't have been enough and he could have held her there forever .
tr	I	It is not you , but it is what you must do .
tr	I	At least they 'd know where to find his body , but if someone didn 't come soon he wouldn 't survive the day .
tr	O	It was a growl he tried to keep inside but it refused to be silenced .
tr	O	Hers began moving and she followed .
tr	O	He turned to leave , but Jake blocked his path .
tr	I	He paid it no heed , but the cut in his side throbbed .
tr	O	Julie looked up at the blonde and her features froze in appalled shock .
tr	O	He still pushed his energy into her , but this time , the kiss was gentle .
tr	I	That cook certainly knew how to bake , but by God , they might be living at the back of nowhere !
tr	I	I was certain I recognized his voice , but I couldn 't see who was talking .
tr	I	I can hear the savage hatred in her voice , and Echo snaps .
tr	I	She pulled off to the side of the road and Emily cried out as the pain became almost unbearable .
tr	I	Even Travis looked surprised and Cammie 's eyes widened .
tr	I	It was Rhys who stood at my other shoulder , but I 'd expected Doyle to take his place at my back as well .
tr	O	The powers were indeed upon us but I was the only one aware .
tr	O	The loan might have been interest free but I know how stressful all of this has been .
tr	O	My gut told me that a storm was coming and the only one I could think of would likely mean the end of ... wel , me .
tr	O	Those should have been the best three words she 'd ever heard , but instead she panicked .
tr	O	Allen covered her in the blanket , and once he was assured every naked patch of skin was hidden , he carried her to the car .
tr	O	I smooth the hair from his forehead , but he is so intent on the nickel that he seems not to have noticed my touch .
tr	O	He met Sara 's gaze , and she nodded in agreement .
tr	I	They hadn 't lived in Rubicon Ranch long enough for it to become home , but she still had to honor the lease on the house .
tr	O	It 's no more than a murmur , but he may as well have shouted it .
tr	I	Travis took off after him and Danny fled in a vehicle .
tr	O	My arm softly grazed something to the side of me and I quickly looked over to the lump on the bed .
tr	O	A mosquito buzzed around his head , but he didn 't bother to flick it away .
tr	I	The only one who would end up hurt would be her , and she had gotten too close to him , too fast .
tr	O	I thought he was right , but the expression on Jeremy 's face contradicted us .
tr	O	I 'd never been afraid of him before , but tension crackled in the air sure as lightning .
tr	I	There was no aggression in its stance anymore but the gun was still aimed in my directions .
tr	I	Paul gingerly placed the folder in it and Sullivan stretched out his hand .
tr	I	Two fucks in a row was unheard of , and she never cussed .
tr	I	The top lid was quickly removed and after five minutes a buzzer sounded .
tr	I	She hugged him from behind , and then she realized he 'd do it even if he did know .
tr	O	That small touch helped ease my fear a little , but the moment we were inside he dropped his hand .
tr	O	I smiled and he stood .
tr	O	It was painfully obvious that he wasn 't going to kiss her goodbye but she desperately wished it were otherwise .
tr	O	I would never , ever say my dad was sexist , but he did have a tendency to hire other older white men to work for him .
tr	O	There was no garage , and there were presently no cars in the driveway .
tr	O	Not much light made its way through the glass but it was still my favorite place at Nine Crosses .
tr	O	His eyes were closed and she studied his face .
tr	I	He specialized in getting kids hooked on the stuff , but the giant sold drugs , which was sleazy enough .
tr	I	With the other he fumbled for his popper ; and with one hand he dragged out the emergency repair pack .
tr	O	She nodded resolutely , but there was something else in her eyes .
tr	I	Lisa was gone , but Kat searched .
tr	O	My eyelids drooped and my heart stopped .
tr	O	My hair took a good soaking on the way over and now there are potential drops forming in the follicles of my brow .
tr	O	I scurried on to my first class , English , and it finally hit me that he was leaving .
tr	I	I see a flash of amusement in her dark blue eyes and our eyes meet .
tr	O	Then the song dies , and my phone screen goes dark .
tr	I	My father would deal with them in his usual way or they would either get in line .
tr	O	It 's not my mission to bring her harm , but I will be taking her customers .
tr	I	They would finally accept it and maybe if they did that , she could then sit down with them , explain Hector 's offer of help .
tr	O	It wasn 't going to solve everything , but maybe it could help make things better .
tr	O	I felt shame rising up in my throat behind the food , and I hit his chest .
tr	O	He wouldn 't have the answers , but I knew he could ease the doubts , the fears , the crawling horror building within my belly .
tr	I	Her eyes glowed , and her skin flushed prettily .
tr	I	This didn 't seem like a good sign but I didn 't know for certain .
tr	I	It left his green eyes cautious , almost hurt but he smiled at her .
tr	I	The orgasm slammed into me and he thrust to the hilt .
tr	I	Our dry goods had been fully exhausted , but with our morning hike , I had worked up a significant hunger .
tr	O	Failures hit him hard , but he processes them well .
tr	I	It was Rory who had given him new life , and Cain was reborn .
tr	O	Her joints ached and her eyes burned like she had a fever .
tr	I	This time it was different , but Liz started to cry again .
tr	O	She should have run immediately but she was petrified with horror .
tr	I	He doesn 't know they 've entered and they 're quite a distance away from Timothy .
tr	I	It wasn 't , but it was over .
tr	I	I couldn 't really remember why it had been meaningful , but I remembered why we fought .
tr	O	As I trudge through the snow , the shaking eases up , and I actually feel like I can breathe .
tr	I	It was locked , but the guard tried to open the door .
tr	O	The coffee cup was empty and still he had not returned to the living room .
tr	I	I just chicken out , but there had been a couple of times when Jayden is around .
tr	O	I see one of the guys pass a joint to the other , and I take in a sharp breath of air .
tr	I	I wasn 't hurting anyone , but I 've done things in the past that maybe weren 't the right thing to do .
tr	I	Art directed us around the side of the house , and the two men exchanged nods of greeting .
tr	I	I pull Skyla in close before burying a kiss in her neck , and in the morning a seam of intrusive light cuts through the windows .
tr	O	Tom stood still , holding his breath , praying the lights would come back on again as they 'd done previously , but nothing happened .
tr	O	I managed a small smile for him but I couldn 't shake my lingering guilt .
tr	I	I didn 't have a say in it and I guess the outcome was going to be what it should be .
tr	I	His fangs had extended at the taste of blood , even his own , and I could clearly see that it was still bleeding .
tr	I	I cannot blame you for that if what you say is true , and I know you disliked the man .
tr	O	Rena had kissed her share of men , but she 'd never experienced anything like this .
tr	O	Her right hand was weak , but she could still do this .
tr	O	Spencer lands her mouth over my ear , and my insides squeeze with an unexpected bite .
tr	I	I will kill every Mog that dares stand in my way and we will break out of here .
tr	I	I knew it was Calvin , and one seemed stronger , closer than the others .
tr	O	He opens his mouth to say something , but there 's a knock at the door .
tr	O	Allison glances at me and I nod at her .
tr	I	Once reaching it looks inside and Lisa frowns , walks unsteadily toward the chamber .
tr	O	The bed wasn 't nearly as cooperative , however , and he stood to complete the task .
tr	O	They had gone into town and even though Anna knew it was long shot , she still checked with the post office .
tr	I	She 'd be ready to wash the floors and one more closet to organize .
tr	O	A beautiful woman answers , and her smile is contagious , immediately putting me at ease .
tr	O	He flashes me a cocky grin and I roll my eyes .
tr	I	The last thing on his mind had been stopping to put on a condom and he 'd been a guy .
tr	I	She won 't need oxygen and her lungs are fully developed .
tr	I	It hurt , but I smiled .
tr	O	My mouth opened , because I 'd been preparing another dismissive laugh , but the sound caught in my throat .
tr	O	Thank you for your continued support , and SOS truly hopes that your dating needs are eventually met .
tr	I	You know it , sweet thang and I can kick some serious booty .
tr	I	I darted another glance at Daniel and Maggie said .
tr	O	She started to calm down , but he didn 't let go .
tr	I	She was sure she did something wrong when she just wanted to make him come and she saw the intense look in his eye .
tr	I	I would feel whole and a couple more steps .
tr	O	Sure , both would get you where you wanted to , but there was a world of difference in the ride .
tr	I	She shoved his chest and Akan 's face fell .
tr	I	She used her leg hooked over his hip to pull him in even closer and his rough stubble scraped at her in the most delicious way .
tr	I	I hadn 't even known it , and he had been walking behind me .
tr	O	Her nerves were shot and she was ready to snap .
tr	O	Chelsea 's eyes were still on him , and he squirmed .
tr	I	Any amount of time spent in his company was too long , but she had no idea how long this would take .
tr	I	I quickly scrolled through the SOS message , and the bell rang .
tr	O	I wanted to stay lost forever , but all too soon I felt him pull away .
tr	O	Eventually they went ahead with the big reception , and I have to say it was absolutely lovely .
tr	O	My eyes were still open but I couldn 't see anything .
tr	O	The rhythmic surge rolled through her like thunder , and she gave herself up to it with a cry .
tr	I	He turned his attention to the other and his mouth finally released one peak .
tr	O	I sized up each of them instead , taking mental notes of their expensive clothing , brand-name accessories , perfectly styled hair , and overly made-up faces .
tr	O	Their breathing sounded harsh in the quiet night , but Noelle didn 't care .
tr	O	I asked him what was wrong , but he wouldn 't tell me anything .
tr	O	The door opened and Andrew walked in .
tr	I	She could not break it , but once the elders were gone , Sapphire tugged at the eel skin rope that bound her to the stone .
tr	I	They were not helping , and I was going certifiable .
tr	I	This place looks familiar and there aren 't many yards with boxes in them .
tr	I	I only passed a couple as I trudged back to guest housing , and even the guardians had light patrols this time of the day .
tr	I	A few wards were already being evacuated due to pressure failure , but Workers were trying to do what they could to fix it .
tr	O	Madelyn had called several times , and she was becoming insistent that he come to Montana for a visit .
tr	O	Daniel had protested being left out , but Heather would not hear of his arguments .
tr	I	Victory appeared to belong to us , and the battle appeared to be over .
tr	O	I tried to stay calm long enough to hear him out , but I wanted to yell across him .
tr	O	Shea made an effort to swallow , but it hurt .
tr	I	The potential to misuse it is overwhelming , and it is something that should not be possible .
tr	O	Everyone knows , but it 's okay .
tr	O	It soon became a rhythmic motion , and he couldn 't take his eyes off of it .
tr	I	He hadn 't mentioned anything about leaving , but she 'd heard the drone of his voice in the other room while she was reading to Brianna .
tr	I	I heard her words perfectly clearly , yet indeed , her mouth never moved .
tr	I	I had to look at him and he dipped his beautiful head until he was in my line of sight .
tr	I	I could smell his rotting flesh , and he was close , nearly right on top of me .
tr	O	The tiny room began to spin and my stomach churned with embarrassment .
tr	O	Someone would have been sure to see him , and Verity would have been struggling .
tr	O	She flinched from the pain , but her grip didn 't weaken .
tr	I	It had still broken the skin but her boot is protecting her .
tr	I	She needed them down , but his windows were up .
tr	I	I thought we had time , but I should have laid it out to her .
tr	I	I didn 't have time to puzzle over it , but I didn 't know what the deal was with this room .
tr	I	Belinda didn 't want to give her friend false hope , but Pia was a true romantic .
tr	I	Tania noticed it , and Lea prepared for a third Spear Strike .
tr	I	When I finally look up again , he exhales , and he stops talking .
tr	I	Dana was Shawn 's legal godmother and their mothers were very close friends .
tr	I	The answer was clear , but I had two choices .
tr	I	I knew better than to interfere again , but Gareth looked strung out to the max .
tr	I	This time it stopped in front of her , but the flash of white came again .
tr	I	She wasn 't really paying attention to that part , but on an intellectual level , it was an intriguing physical reaction .
tr	O	Her right hand swung out almost as if she intended to slap the much taller director , but Joel Park Brooks proved quick on his feet .
tr	I	I know it must have hurt that she didn 't have any family there , but I turned to Tracy who tried to act happy .
tr	O	A female assassin tried to cap her , and strangely enough , the shooter was tossing your name around .
tr	O	His eyes stung with tears and he let one fall down cheek .
tr	I	I noticed , but I heard the hard edge in Jericho 's voice though , it was faint .
tr	I	It dimmed as his eyes adjusted , but the light seemed blinding at first .
tr	I	His voice softened to appeal and he paused .
tr	O	Cody was growing like a well-watered plant and I suspected that by Christmas he 'd need a size larger in jeans .
tr	I	An anxious tingle seared her nerves , and he took a step toward her .
tr	I	We started walking forward and I stared straight ahead .
tr	I	You didn 't give a damn about me , but I hate that I loved you so much .
tr	I	I guess I never really was , but I always felt so alone .
tr	I	The dogs were tired and it was not easy going .
tr	I	Those damn wedding photos , and she was too tempting ?
tr	O	Stay here and I shall hire a carriage to take us home .
tr	I	His wife could read him easier than the numbers in her dive computer , but Verne tried to sound easy .
tr	I	It 's how it 's been for weeks , but the silence of the house is depressingly familiar .
tr	O	Since it was spring he had to settle for a little insipid turkey shooting , but they would rebook for deer season in the fall .
tr	O	Well , it was , but it also wasn 't .
tr	I	He wouldn 't leave his sour mood behind , but I tried getting him to help me with Stone .
tr	O	She was not certain what happened , but she knew it wasn 't good .
tr	I	His eyes never wavered from his opponent , yet the crowd , it felt like on both sides , was cheering at him .
tr	I	I could buy a new house , and I would get the insurance money .
tr	I	It wasn 't unhappy , either , but her marriage wasn 't particularly happy .
tr	I	She still wavered on her feet , but as they finally emerged from underneath the bleachers , Balthazar lowered her so that she could stand .
tr	I	I 'm having what she 's having and I am that woman on the stage .
tr	O	Anguish engulfs his features and he grips my arms .
tr	I	It may be tomorrow , or he may wake up at any time .
tr	I	I don 't doubt this guy for a second , but it 's crazy .
tr	O	His father 's investments also in the doldrums , but a dividend stream suitable to keep his bank balance in the black .
tr	O	We kiss good-bye and I follow her out of the parking lot , careful not to crowd the rear bumper of her Accord .
tr	O	Melanie knew she sounded like a bumbling idiot , but her mouth was running away from her .
tr	I	It wasn 't lustful either , but it wasn 't chaste .
tr	O	The weapon in his hand hadn 't wavered , and it was pointing right at her head .
tr	I	They slipped off into his hands and my eyes closed when he pulled the bands holding both braids .
tr	I	No one would understand , but Father was the next best thing to Mother .
tr	O	I can lower the Hab temperature to 1C , and they 'll nearly hibernate .
tr	O	He was not dead , but she could tell that he was not in a normal sleep state .
tr	I	Perhaps he was over-reacting , but the thought frightened him .
tr	I	If a child got shot because of her , she 'd never be able to forgive herself , but she didn 't want to die .
tr	O	Right now all he wanted was to be alone , and Tara was the last person he wanted to see .
tr	I	The prospect still wasn 't a great one , but she didn 't seem that bad .
tr	I	I will tell you the truth and something like , Ask me .
tr	I	My absence didn 't seem to bother Daniel , and I just wanted to be alone for a while .
tr	O	Her opponent barely blocked it , but it kept her off balance .
tr	O	She rol ed her eyes , and the slight tension in her arm gave way .
tr	I	No doubt Isaac could , but she muttered something under her breath Sabrina couldn 't make out .
tr	O	It was a good thing Rome couldn 't read minds or else her thoughts would deflate him for sure .
tr	O	Miriam waited anxiously , but Dreamer took her time .
tr	I	Us being invited to the party and I remember being at the dance .
tr	I	They knew , but nobody said it out loud .
tr	O	Both of them are now recent graduates and pursuing their professional writing goals in Edmonton .
tr	I	Kate decided to find a quiet corner on the balcony and everyone was having a great time .
tr	I	He could not remember anything other than this trailer , but maybe outside somewhere , he thought .
tr	O	He kept fiddling with the silverware , and I worried briefly whether he was going to throw a knife at my chest .
tr	I	He didn 't have to hear it to know it was bad , but he couldn 't hear what was being said on the other end .
tr	I	There was no outward sign that he was angry about the appearance of his new wife 's son , but the sheriff ground his jaw together .
tr	I	Hank was lying on the east bar , looking up at the ceiling , and Queen was playing over the speakers when I walked in .
tr	I	Her mind had soared to the heavens , and her body had hummed with pleasure .
tr	I	They are very tasty , but it 's a shame .
tr	O	I wasn 't any kind of social worker , but this was clearly obvious .
tr	I	It wasn 't like I felt like going , and I hadn 't been out in so long .
tr	O	The windows were heavily tinted over and only vague shapes could be seen .
tr	O	Dusky threw his head about , objecting to the fire , but she pressed him on .
tr	I	The pain was excruciating and something broke inside her .
tr	O	Samuel looked at her , and although his expression didn 't change , his voice softened slightly .
tr	I	I transformed into a big drunken sod and I 'm supposed to oversee your sobriety .
tr	I	You stumble around like a dimwit and great , the first good-looking man you meet .
tr	O	His attitude hurt , but I forged ahead .
tr	I	The television stopped making sense decades ago and I cannot watch the news .
tr	O	Rue was really tired , but she was also shaken .
tr	I	One he felt good about , and he had a direction now .
tr	O	Brood must 've shot me and I 've died !
tr	I	They stayed there for some time , too spent to move , but the shower was hot on their bodies after the cool rain .
tr	O	He clenched his jaw , but at last he nodded .
tr	O	He had no way of knowing if it would look staged , but it was all they had to take a chance on .
tr	I	It wasn 't just from arousal , and her heart pounded inside her chest .
tr	I	I 'd known all along how this would end when he found out about us , but Carrie might not realize it .
tr	O	I don 't think he 'd want me there , but I wouldn 't stay anyway , if I could .
tr	O	At the beginning you were content with actually being able to make contact with the ball , but now you are into ' obsession ' territory .
tr	I	There was a faint green light coming from under her door , but her house was dark .
tr	I	We walked over to our building and we both looked back in front of ourselves .
tr	O	He just gets a little riled up sometimes but he 's always real sorry after .
tr	I	He began pausing frequently , raising his hand for the column to halt , and even the sergeant had a twitchy air about him .
tr	O	I stood up and her eyes swiveled from him to me .
tr	I	His arms are thick with muscles from forging , and he 's tall , taller than Daddy .
tr	I	Angus was heading north and my sister was missing ?
tr	O	His hair was longer and it looked like he 'd gained a little muscle since the last time she 'd seen him .
tr	I	The parents are on it ... or he 's either stealing the ship first .
tr	I	That 's very hard for me to do when you 're close and I needed to think .
tr	I	Their bodies hit the pavement and Blood bloomed on their chests .
tr	I	The rest of them stood with him , in unison , and Thomas stood up .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell what it was but that 's when I noticed Ali running towards us with something in his hand .
tr	O	Her inexperience shone through , but he didn 't care .
tr	I	Crackling light struck his shoulder , knifing through bone , tendon , nerve -- and Tristan strode past the nearest pole .
tr	O	His voice echoed , and heads turned all across the cavern .
tr	O	I 've advertised for anyone with claims on the estate to come forward , and so far no one has .
tr	O	We 're having a grand time , but we can 't even hold hands .
tr	I	I 'm not going to deny myself her any longer and she 's finally admitting to me with her body that she wants this .
tr	I	I was left with blackness and my eyes closed .
tr	I	The guy pulled your employment file and those Texans waved some bills around .
tr	O	His look had spoken of desire as well , and that had frightened her , even more than knowing he loved her .
tr	I	Her sister looked at the food in Medea 's hand with a disapproving expression , but she asked Electra .
tr	O	He paused for breath , and to gauge my reaction .
tr	O	The doors to the Council Chamber opened , but barely anyone seemed to notice .
tr	I	That protection was the only nicety I got from him , but he 'd be doing so to protect his own interests .
tr	O	He pressed the button again , and a familiar slide popped up .
tr	I	Then her slate would truly be clean , and she had one more item on her checklist to clear up .
tr	O	Without memories , she was a leaf , caught up in the swirling current of a dream , but soon she would land on earth .
tr	I	I won 't , but you might remember .
tr	I	The response was already decided , but this was the dreaded scenario .
tr	I	His breath came out as a sigh of pleasure , and she slid her hand along his growing arousal then .
tr	I	He certainly shouldn 't find out from her , but he wasn 't supposed to know at all .
tr	I	I tried to ignore it , and I felt a drop of sweat running down my face , tickling my cheek .
tr	O	Wounds of the spirit may scab over , but they never fully heal .
tr	O	I already want you again , but you can 't handle that .
tr	I	I was glad for my breezy outfit choice and it was already getting warm .
tr	O	They didn 't speak and their shapes were only vaguely held together , which suggested to me that these were older spirits .
tr	I	Now , even the brief one in Florida did , too , and that life in Michigan seemed like an eternity ago .
tr	I	She had no idea how long it would be until moonrise , and Night was falling .
tr	O	A number of her wishes had come to pass , and some , like the Paris trip , had taken place in unexpected ways .
tr	I	The High Lord would be waiting for him ... and he would end up in the Dark Realm .
tr	O	Some in the international media didn 't believe this but it didn 't matter .
tr	I	He just turned slightly , deferring the situation to me , but I waited to see how Callum would respond .
tr	O	Given enough time , he might be able to repair the wires , but he would never be able to get the damned thing airborne .
tr	I	It did the trick and Stephanie had sent the latest information to Eva Roberts .
tr	I	His skin was bare against hers , and he had stripped off his glove .
tr	I	His fingers were flying across the keyboard and Avery was glaring at the computer screen .
tr	I	I could feel my throat beginning to grow dry , and my head was buzzing .
tr	I	Esmeralda jumped onto him , trying to punch him in the face , and Billy fell over hard .
tr	I	Jackie could feel the cloud of warmth they generated , and two more men had joined them .
tr	I	Our supplies are getting low , and we 've been some time on the road .
tr	I	It would not cooperate , but I willed my hand to move , to do something .
tr	I	She sighed through her nose , and the tightness in her stomach abated .
tr	I	I can say that but there may not be much I can say about my ' death , ' .
tr	O	They told me to leave each time and I left .
tr	I	She smiled and she did .
tr	O	Nicole tells me more about Miranda , growing up together , and even as I laugh with her , I am struck with envy .
tr	I	Bridle I carried and he looked at my riding habit , then the saddle .
tr	I	His mouth was covered with my blood and his ruby eyes glazed down at me .
tr	I	She was back to her window facing posture and I got in after using the restroom myself .
tr	I	Manuel entered the closest one , and there were six square tunnels .
tr	O	This was one of the abilities that he did not relish using , but it did come in handy once in awhile .
tr	O	The game was hours away but she had a thousand things to do first .
tr	I	Then he looked away as though ashamed , but Mr. Mercer looked stern for a moment , like he might chastise her .
tr	O	A short moment of silence passed , and then we heard the muffled sound of Charlie 's snore .
tr	O	Normally when I felt like this , I would fuck until I passed out , but I couldn 't do that .
tr	I	He was playing Tetris on his new Gameboy and Dale had his head in my lap .
tr	I	An ache had developed low in his gut , but Spence Jax grinned .
tr	I	When he came out , he was an entirely different man , and he locked himself in his room for about six months .
tr	O	I suspected she did , too , but the look itself was supposed to say that she didn 't give it any thought at all .
tr	O	He was so much older than he had been the first time she had met him , but he still had the same kind , sad eyes .
tr	O	It 's still far away , but it 's coming closer .
tr	O	I opened the door , and I lied .
tr	O	Two , tall guards dressed in dark red uniforms were behind her with long , sheathed swords , and pistols attached to their belts .
tr	I	The Ottoman officials actually applauded , and it was quite moving , in the end .
tr	O	Zoe didn 't elaborate but Selena could hear the doubt in her tone .
tr	I	Then you passed out , and they wanted to check to make sure nothing was broken .
tr	O	At its worst it turns horror into a thing of beauty , but at its best it is a portrait of an age .
tr	O	He was trying to accept this baby , but he treated her with a kind of wariness , as though he was afraid to touch her .
tr	I	I should have been , but I wasn 't shaking .
tr	I	He knew that he was lucky to have a job at all , and it wasn 't that bad , really .
tr	I	It had been the only way to survive in his mother 's environment but becoming self-sufficient had not been an easy journey .
tr	O	Flirting was like Ty 's natural mode of communication , but recently he had grown less likely to engage in it .
tr	O	I 'm a gambler and I know there are no guarantees .
tr	O	The human capital ships were shaped like footballs , but their surfaces were far from smooth .
tr	I	He couldn 't retreat , particularly in front of his wife , but the old captain must have known that the odds were against him .
tr	O	His eyes were closed for an hour , maybe two , but he wasn 't sure that he ever really fell asleep .
tr	O	I guessed that 's why the Japanese were known for being fashionable , and I just hoped I wouldn 't stand out for dressing too carelessly .
tr	O	The street was slippery with the snow and he almost fell a couple of times .
tr	I	Zook did not heed her expression , but she looked confused at the accusation .
tr	I	He didn 't like what he saw , and the loss made him look at his own life , too .
tr	O	My eyes flickered back to hers , but they couldn 't stay there long .
tr	I	Suddenly the door creaked open , and I heard the movement inside .
tr	O	He undid the buttons on her shirt and his hand found a pliant breast .
tr	I	Her eyelashes fall as she wilts into the comfort of his powerful , yet gentle embrace and a soft breath releases from her parted lips .
tr	I	She nodded and her hand flew to her mouth .
tr	O	It took a year , but we finally became friends again .
tr	O	A match flared to life and he lit the nearest candle .
tr	O	Benji helps me gather my clothes from the day before and we scrub them by hand in the washbasin out back .
tr	I	Before I can check the neckline of my blouse , I realize he 's walking towards me and his leather shoes turn in my direction .
tr	O	I was still hurt , and now I was using Demetri to make me feel better .
tr	O	My chemistry lab partner walked by and I hesitantly tapped her on the shoulder , calling out her name .
tr	O	Her mouth fell open , and she gaped at me until closing it with a click of teeth .
tr	I	He is sending for one of our greatest healers , and I contacted Darius last night .
tr	O	The front door had been dug out , but it 's now covered by more snow .
tr	I	He let go of my wrist , and his lips curved knowingly against mine .
tr	I	Kait was finishing up the story of their flight from the Institute , and fifteen minutes later they were all seated around the big kitchen table .
tr	I	Jack bounced in his seat like a toddler , but Alex looked as if he 'd rather spend the day at the dentist .
tr	I	It returned as she jogged , but the nausea had diminished while she was hopping .
tr	O	I didn 't think she was wrapped up warmly enough , but I didn 't say anything .
tr	O	I suspect he has more alley smarts than you and I put together .
tr	O	She hadn 't told her friends about Jordan yet , but maybe she should .
tr	I	It was only a scratch , but I cleaned the blood off my arm in the bathroom .
tr	I	I hate myself a little more than usual for bringing up his name , and Hanna 's whole body flinches at the mention of her unrequited love .
tr	I	That 's only because I don 't put myself out there , but this is the first time it 's happened to me .
tr	O	Ethan gave Emma a skeptical look , and she pulled her bottom lip into her mouth .
tr	I	Once again she thought , Dakota , and once again the boy 's face appeared before her .
tr	O	I hope over time it learns to compensate , or she will think I 'm stupid , unable to process information from more than one source .
tr	O	His suspicions had been confirmed , and he was intrigued .
tr	O	A thrill of surprise was visible in Gwendolen , but she did not feel any fear .
tr	I	That type of gesture had to kill his soul , and Noah 's a proud guy .
tr	I	Still , he felt weird without them , but it was to help him blend in with the human world .
tr	I	I wasn 't even sure what it was , and I didn 't want any part of that .
tr	O	This was a bad idea to be entertaining , but I didn 't want to just walk away .
tr	I	You 'll be all right when the others get here , and he wanted to say , Be quiet .
tr	I	Her eyes opened as the group drew near , but at first , Dennis thought that she was asleep .
tr	O	Yes , we had slept in the same bed multiple times before , but that was always after sex .
tr	O	The Prince saw the Imperial army falter , and then tactically retreat in order to regroup .
tr	O	The door opened and Freddie walked out .
tr	I	No words came out but his mouth was open .
tr	O	One newspaper was dated thirty years ago but she didn 't check the other ones .
tr	I	He gave me another toothy grin , and I quickly clicked the belt into place .
tr	O	I looked into her face , and the eyes were too wide , the breath not right .
tr	I	He respected him , but he may not agree with his father 's philosophy .
tr	O	Told me there 's ongoing petty theft out of the quartermaster 's stores but they can 't pin it on anyone specific .
tr	I	Please make your notes colorful and I have examples on the worksheets - oh , .
tr	O	I don 't know ; but his eye was open !
tr	O	Liz tried to work , God bless her , but she bungled every job she got .
tr	I	Alex drove it back to the church , and they had come to the site in Jenny 's car .
tr	I	A volley of bullets tore up the outside of the building and a rifle fired .
tr	O	He figured it would cost at least five times that much to get what he wanted , but it was smart to start the bidding low .
tr	I	It was all she had , but as excuses went , this one was thinner than paper .
tr	I	It was too late , but Bea yelled .
tr	O	He raised a hand to my cheek , and I let him touch it gently .
tr	O	So they will keep their main crazies under control , but that doesn 't guarantee nobody will do anything stupid .
tr	O	He was so different to her father , and yet their partnership had worked so well .
tr	O	He slowed his pedaling , feeling more like some spy , and braced for seeing his mom .
tr	O	So far there 'd been no sign of Devlin , but knowing how sneaky he was , he couldn 't afford to take any chances .
tr	I	He knew where the guards were posted and Logan knew the way to the room .
tr	O	Disease agents were wiped out and symbiotic bacteria allowed to grow .
tr	O	It was rewarding to know he helped someone , but it was not enough to satisfy the need inside him .
tr	O	He knew Annie was the one for him , but there was something about that level of commitment that made his gut clench .
tr	I	He didn 't know where to look , and now Diego 's tunnel vision was gone .
tr	O	I can 't breathe now and I rock my h * ps against him .
tr	O	He felt a wave of sleepiness push over him and he leaned back against the stacked stones that served as the windbreak .
tr	O	He bent under the guise of adjusting his boot , and Celaena saw a small dagger glint in the sunlight .
tr	O	Her fair hair was scattered on the pil ow , and a large , bloody welt ran across her forehead .
tr	O	They were free , and they were angry .
tr	I	Kellan 's hackles rose at the sight of the guy , but he wasn 't looking at Kellan when he said it .
tr	O	She enjoyed his company , though , and he made her feel safe .
tr	O	His eyes opened slowly , lazily , and he smiled .
tr	O	Lucky continued , and I sighed .
tr	I	I thought I caught a hint of uncertainty and both of their faces were impassive .
tr	O	Mrs. Muller 's left eyebrow raised , and she gave me a serious stare .
tr	I	I cleared my throat , and Bill glared at me .
tr	I	I did not attempt to cushion the blow , but he had a hurt expression on his face .
tr	I	I wouldn 't know she 'd planned to come , and sometimes she 'd just be there .
tr	O	He sounds like his talking to a particularly dim child and I give him the stink eye .
tr	I	They were sure doing a lot of quiet talking , but you couldn 't have accused them of listening , exactly .
tr	I	Within the dream he 'd been terrified , but it should have been erotic .
tr	O	I think you had a chance at serious with her before your freak out , and now she is looking for something else .
tr	O	It is a sad choice , but unfortunately , it is reality .
tr	I	I wasn 't expecting the glow , but I was checking to see if he 'd made a mess of himself while he worked .
tr	I	Everybody thought then that each new storm would surely be the last , and they were still new , abnormal .
tr	O	He knew she would return to heal him and he didn 't try to delve further into her mind .
tr	I	He said he would , but Ken didn 't like her tone .
tr	O	She had stuttered , and she had squirmed in the uncomfortable silences that followed .
tr	I	After about thirty minutes I was bored to death , but he left me at an outdoor café .
tr	I	He was flicking my rage switch with his bony finger , but yeah , that was a messed up thing to say .
tr	I	He only talked to me when he had to , and he still wasn 't acting normal .
tr	I	It was far too strong , but Millie tried to fend off the black suit .
tr	I	For a moment , I wondered if the breeze had been real , and a paper rattled on the far counter .
tr	I	She noticed a few others were , too , all of them likely aware of what Dr. DeMarco had done to her and Corrado watched her apprehensively .
tr	I	A real battle might very well take place with council , but I would have to skip my practice battles with Jacob .
tr	I	I also know I shouldn 't , but because I do really like her .
tr	I	The fraction of an instant has passed , and the king of thieves ' eyelid completes its descent .
tr	O	He 'll have a few scars , but I made the stitches very small .
tr	O	I wanted to kick him again , but I didn 't .
tr	I	Another brushed along the right side of his nose like a pale smear , and one yellowish streak ringed his left eye .
tr	O	She takes a step inside , but I can 't let her go yet .
tr	I	Furthermore it didn 't matter and she didn 't .
tr	I	She hadn 't said no , but Kylie hadn 't said yes .
tr	I	No doubt her bloodless fingers would give in soon , and her knuckles were white .
tr	O	The overlap between the characteristics attributed to quantum entanglement and PPT resonance seem to be extensive .
tr	O	Before I could talk myself out of it , I had opened the pamphlet fully and its contents stared out at me .
tr	I	He remembered it but Flattery could not recall who had voiced the warning .
tr	I	Andrew is on Jonathan and before I can take a breath , the door bursts open .
tr	O	Their knees were almost close enough to touch , and she could feel his heat radiating toward her .
tr	O	The commander refused Jones junior to get anywhere near any aircraft , and that messed up the opportunity for any cheap flying lessons .
tr	I	His body relaxed and Ryan 's eyes softened .
tr	O	The weather had changed dramatically , and it was beginning to get quite warm .
tr	O	Tabitha didn 't think that things could get worse , but his words proved her wrong .
tr	O	The day had been exhausting and she quickly fell into a hot , unsettled sleep .
tr	O	The world has opened itself up to the beast , and it planned to take full advantage .
tr	I	He had permission to play on it and there was a court here .
tr	O	Joe groaned and the others burst out laughing as a round of ribbing immediately ensued .
tr	O	I lean in to kiss her lips , but she leans back .
tr	O	The guy had trouble written all over him , and yet I behaved like a pubescent teen in heat , unable to control my own hormones .
tr	I	It just angered him more , and it felt like ... shame .
tr	O	All I need is to simply keep him off just long enough so we both get out of here or he grows bored .
tr	I	Julia tugged on his hand , and Gio made a sound deep in his chest .
tr	I	I can 't , but I really should tell her I 'm not asleep .
tr	I	The horse began to lope around him and Tony raised his arm above his head .
tr	I	I grinned back , and that simple endearment sent another , very different shock through me .
tr	I	I hoped I could win them over , but some of the seniors weren 't happy .
tr	I	I was okay with that , but I was being selfish .
tr	I	The scientists arranged an emergency meeting and there was little time left .
tr	O	At least he understood , but I didn 't have time for this .
tr	I	There was something not quite right about that , but at first glance , she looked the very model of a professional woman .
tr	O	He 'd always shared with her when he was younger , but he was pretty possessive about his chocolate .
tr	I	She insisted , but it seemed a crime to put a backpack on Bonnie .
tr	I	K realized how loud Shea had become and he looked scared .
tr	I	He was willing to try , to learn , but he didn 't know how to touch her to bring her release .
tr	O	The threat sounds literal , but it can 't be .
tr	I	He 'd liked the idea of having them both in the same location , and the girls hadn 't wanted to be parted .
tr	I	Waited with her hands folded on her knees , and she sat , careful to brush the dust from the stone steps before lowering herself onto them .
tr	O	Jeff extended the device to Erica and she grabbed it .
tr	O	The spray stung me , and I closed my eyes .
tr	I	As you know , I 've been busy working abroad , but ben , I 'm really sorry about these past few weeks .
tr	I	My heart stopped beating , and her voice was breathless .
tr	O	Savanna 's hands were opening the fly to my shorts and her feet were kicking them down around my ankles .
tr	I	He tucks a strand of hair behind my ear and I smile .
tr	O	I didn 't indulge , but my nervousness had long since disappeared .
tr	O	He was never so stupid as to have unprotected sex but he 'd lost his mind a lot that week .
tr	I	It was her plan , and she would not put Ryo in danger for my sake .
tr	I	Nothing could quell my disquiet , but it helped keep out the cold .
tr	I	Nothing could get through and the doorway was closed .
tr	I	Tell the digging things How we stole their history And you Wouldn 't Doubt the Floor I 'll sleep behind a wall tonight .
tr	I	His pace had slowed considerably , but now he was working on the windows with Anthony .
tr	I	There is something happening , but your guy is here .
tr	O	Arms were folded across its chest and its head was bowed down .
tr	I	It was not to be , but he wished for silence .
tr	I	He felt disoriented and his stomach hurt .
tr	I	The killer is still out there , and I think Neil Osborne took the blame for someone else .
tr	O	I brought her home and we ate almost half of the cheesecake ourselves .
tr	O	Minister Drake had been vague with his explanation , and I was keen to hear the reason for her being there .
tr	O	She tries to smile , to indicate in some way that the words are a joke , but it probably comes off looking more like a grimace .
tr	O	They all look at me and I feel tinier than I already did .
tr	I	She was only tel ing the truth , but Shinichi got up to hurt her again .
tr	I	We continued , and Cy smiled .
tr	O	We were not rich , after all , and the purchase of those paintings had been a stretch , especially after the renovations on the house .
tr	O	Her leg was swollen , and he left marks when pressing it a little .
tr	O	He tried to sit up , but the soft earth seemed to have gripped his entire body .
tr	I	I 'm thinking Ben isn 't such a pompous ass after all and soon we 're both laughing .
tr	O	There 's no doubt in his mind that he could have convinced the old man to leave the tablet , but he wanted to close shop .
tr	I	Sarah felt the sting of unexpected tears , and he took her hand warmly in his .
tr	O	I didn 't come out here very often , but when I did I always changed shoes .
tr	O	His brows raise , but he says nothing .
tr	O	I didn 't agree , but I saw his point .
tr	O	Don 't sound too eager or she might change her mind .
tr	I	Nobody could come up with a counter , but several others seemed to share his disapproval .
tr	O	She couldn 't help taking a step backwards but the wall of her bedroom stopped further retreat .
tr	O	Minho was on the ground , but slowly getting to his feet .
tr	O	Amy 's head swiveled towards me , and I tried to backtrack .
tr	O	He waited as it rose and shadows got shorter .
tr	O	Ava unloaded all her questions and the nurse politely answered every one of them in great detail .
tr	I	He knew the perfect place to hold their strategy session and they had an entire weekend to get their act together .
tr	O	He wanted to join me in La Push , and I wasn 't having that .
tr	O	I think he was lying then , and I think you 're lying now .
tr	O	Doc sat by himself in the shadows , and after a bit , I forgot he was there .
tr	I	He himself told me I could keep whatever he brought back , but it 's a shame that his servant wants all of you .
tr	O	It was simply a fact , and it probably would happen again .
tr	O	That was hard to imagine , and John definitely wasn 't buying it .
tr	I	I almost expect her teeth to sparkle under the fluorescent lighting , and she tops off her speech with a toothy grin .
tr	I	On the day of The Freezing it had moved over the ocean , but for so long the large alien ship had hovered over the city .
tr	O	He 'd have lived the rest of his life knowing he hadn 't taken the chance and now it was too late .
tr	O	I really thought I was going to run out of pages before I had to go to class , but I guess pages won this one .
tr	O	The arena was electric and I was in awe just watching from the side of the stage .
tr	I	This time sliced the back of his knife hand and I came forward again .
tr	O	Her heart was beating faster , and her hands trembled .
tr	O	Practice was alright , but I did notice I tired quickly .
tr	O	I glanced over , and he arched his eyebrows .
tr	O	He tried to find a more comfortable position , but his spell books were in the way .
tr	O	I seem to melt into it and we fit just right .
tr	I	She had no complaints , but he 'd had doubts about being a father .
tr	O	CHAPTER SEVENTEEN Late afternoon shadows were already turning to darkness as I left Cal 's house , and I smelled a crisp coldness in the air .
tr	O	I met Amelia in the lobby and we stopped at the coffee bar before heading back up to see Julia .
tr	O	A moment passes , then another , and still he says nothing .
tr	I	She sighed , and the scent of jasmine filled the air .
tr	I	She could feel the nervous energy of Maddie sitting beside her , but she knew there was more to what Tiberius said .
tr	O	Her muscles went soft , and she let her head fall against the door .
tr	I	It was a very successful party , and they were all delighted with her .
tr	I	She takes one and he offers it to her .
tr	I	As she pulled back , she could see his smile had spread almost around his face , but he patted her shoulder stiffly .
tr	O	She could never resist him when he was like this , but tonight she had no choice .
tr	O	I try to regain the muscles in my arms but they too are very tense .
tr	O	Usually they weren 't needed , but they could be dropped from a vertical position against the side walls .
tr	I	Eventually they 'll burn you , and cross the Republic too many times .
tr	O	Zane was wrong in the head somehow , and he wasn 't getting better .
tr	O	Robinson might not be in on this , but England would doubtless ask for a recap of the conversation .
tr	I	At this stage it was all that he had but Mike realized that he was talking to a machine .
tr	O	His eyes stared at the ceiling and his handsome face looked troubled , tiny lines deepening around the corners of his eyes .
tr	I	You are no leader , but that 's your gift .
tr	O	He also needed to make sure that the two wires did not touch , or the roller door would try to open .
tr	O	They argued and the woman left , dragging my friend behind even as the teacher hurried after them .
tr	I	Keeley had never traveled beyond her cottage , and she was taboo to the McDonald clan .
tr	I	When I asked one of the sales assistants , they asked for two grand but it had no price on it .
tr	O	* * * Kate hurried through the doors to the Medical Examiner 's Office and found Willard sitting at his computer .
tr	I	She drove faster , trying to demonstrate casual competence and the road straightened out .
tr	I	They wait , and they sleep .
tr	O	My suspicions start to gnaw at me , but when I pick up my head , Dallas has turned her hatred to me .
tr	O	Hurt sliced deep but she punished herself for the emotion .
tr	O	Black mist seeped from the tunnel and I leaned into Lucan .
tr	O	He didn 't know what I 'd just found on that site , and he was about to reveal it to the one guy I liked .
tr	I	I have a feeling it must be pretty intense , but I don 't know how strong the urge is .
tr	I	I kept my cool , but I almost burst out laughing .
tr	O	She drank iced tea and I did the same .
tr	O	I can be there in an hour , and I assume you 'll want to meet somewhere discrete .
tr	O	Twelve hours later , and it 's different ?
tr	I	She laughed and Cameron looked pointedly at her boot .
tr	O	The mill was once again Colville 's main employer and as the mill went , so did the town .
tr	I	Layla watched with a kind of scared fascination , and the woman experienced another rippling contraction that you could even see .
tr	I	He wasn 't allowed inside the gates , but only Wade Carter showed up , having tailed one of the road crew members to do so .
tr	O	She joked and I laughed .
tr	I	Then a loud exploding sound came from the house , but she went to speak to her , to demand what she knew .
tr	O	I hadn 't even met this sister and I really disliked her .
tr	O	I moved out of my nestle , and my hand fell on something soft .
tr	O	He wasn 't as talented as some vampires in enthralling humans , but the female readily succumbed to his power .
tr	O	This here is Mr. Cuddles and he could use a friend .
tr	O	Jake touched two wires together and a pair of sparks flashed from their ends .
tr	O	She had a good life and she wanted to give back .
tr	I	The man was tied up on it , and a makeshift rack had been put up using old scaffolding .
tr	I	Maybe that 's why I ask Gemma what happened first , and I 'm distracted .
tr	O	Dolores opened her connection and they joined .
tr	O	I was a virgin when I met you , but you 're still jealous of every man I speak to .
tr	O	His broad shoulders were a little too wide for his tunic , and she could see that he had a healthy set of muscles .
tr	O	It was as if we fired , but they fell because of something else .
tr	I	Ryder 's roar of fury followed her , and Briggs hauled her out of the observation room .
tr	I	He could sense her rising excitement and the tight lines had left her mouth .
tr	O	Eight pounds had sounded large for a baby , but the tiny being in his arms seemed incredibly ... tiny .
tr	I	We do not have time to guess at human computer science , and it is a technology issue .
tr	O	Michaels took in a sharp breath and his midsection clenched as he noticed that the unmoving form was Claudia .
tr	I	That couldn 't be good and she realized she was beginning to trust Franco .
tr	I	No tears fell , but his eyes watered .
tr	O	He opened the door to get out , but I pulled him into a hug first .
tr	I	She twisted her head to look up at me , and I gave her ear a tug .
tr	O	even though a part of him knew that for now she was unavailable and he was on his own .
tr	O	She was pretty , and I wondered whether she was Jett 's type .
tr	I	I can see Adam 's arm move closer to her and she shakes her head .
tr	O	I can send for my brothers , but they are hundreds of miles away .
tr	I	I saw a tiny smile on Mia 's lips , and he looked away , ashamed .
tr	I	At the moment she just didn 't care , but Verlaine was certain that Nadia was completely sincere .
tr	I	She steps a little closer and Dina 's smile drops .
tr	I	Liz was already tearing open her backpack , but she started to laugh at the joke .
tr	I	The storm raged on , and the darkness inside the car became complete .
tr	I	She still could not sense them clearly , but no , they were in the vicinity .
tr	I	Tom never saw him again , but he had told Tom that he would be back .
tr	I	He blamed himself for not knowing and Caleb wished he knew what .
tr	O	The cement is cold through my sock and I quickly put my shoe back on .
tr	O	I felt an urge to go check on the skull , but I decided I could be pretty sure it hadn 't gone anywhere .
tr	O	She reached behind her ear for her pen , and I wrapped my wings around Abby , as though that might hide her from D 's sight .
tr	O	Shock rang through me and I took a step toward them without really thinking about why .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I should have implored her that my love for her was real .
tr	O	Helen of Sparta was utterly gorgeous , with tawny hair over a heart-shaped face , and full lips slightly parted as she studied him .
tr	O	I glanced up at the clock and it was nearing midnight .
tr	O	I never have , and I never will !
tr	O	Her face brightened and she skipped ahead of Celine up the path toward the house .
tr	O	She 's offered to decorate for him , but he won 't have any of it .
tr	I	His body tensed , seeming to grow even larger , and his irises turned black .
tr	O	He quirks his head to look at me and I suddenly feel self-conscious .
tr	O	I get my door open and he jumps across my seat .
tr	I	She was not moving , and her eyes were closed .
tr	I	It keeps her arms by her sides and there is a heaviness that is hanging .
tr	I	Before I can stop it , a tear drops and instead my eyes well up .
tr	I	He dragged her along with it , and she clenched the purse to her side .
tr	I	It wouldn 't help , but I could give it to them .
tr	I	Our adventurers started to travel early to try to do as much distance as possible and another day came .
tr	I	Then I saw the glimmer of comprehension , but they were wild with confusion at first .
tr	I	Kev turned into the room , and a door to their right was ajar .
tr	O	He looked sad every time he talked about them , and I felt a spark of pity for him .
tr	O	He stood six feet two in his bare feet , and every inch was made up of hard muscled bulk .
tr	O	The hydrothermal plume elongated , and the towering whirlpool grew stronger with every passing second , its upper rim moving steadily toward the surface .
tr	I	Neither was much of a housekeeper , and her parents worked demanding full-time jobs .
tr	I	I felt eyes on me at every turn , and the streets were dark as I drove home .
tr	I	He pulled them down my legs and his fingers slid inside my panties .
tr	O	He was having a hard time keeping up with us , but that was a good thing .
tr	O	The request was a shamefully blatant excuse to throw them together , but neither complained .
tr	O	Your two members have alerted us to the situation of the galaxy , and we were able to confirm our story .
tr	I	He could not tell for sure , but Rick guessed they might have been retracted .
tr	O	Another bit at her leg , but her boot protected her skin from its teeth .
tr	O	I almost broke my word , and I never do .
tr	O	Sometimes he gave me a head start , but he never let me get too far .
tr	I	She flew into his arms , and her face lit up with happy surprise .
tr	O	I kissed her cheek , and Mom gave her a hug .
tr	I	He broke the kiss , leaving her panting , but it wasn 't easy .
tr	O	Ty tried to fight down the gut reaction to seeing Zane like that , but it was impossible not to stare .
tr	I	My parents should turn their backs on me and they 're telling me I 'm a shame .
tr	O	Others were of different mind , however , and quickly the matter was settled without him .
tr	O	Haven took a big step to the side , thinking she could escape , but it didn 't work .
tr	O	It was bad enough that he had fallen asleep and the thing had gotten away .
tr	I	You end up dropping three bodies in the nightclub parking lot , and we go out for a simple guys ' night on the town .
tr	I	They would never see it , because they didn 't know what it was to love , but they were surrounded by the answer .
tr	O	The youngest brother rode out to rescue her , but the sorcerer turned the boy into stone .
tr	O	I looked at him , and he sighed .
tr	I	Tuck shouted in my head , and the crowd erupted again , only this time in protest .
tr	I	The second time in as many passing periods was not , but it could have been a mistake .
tr	I	I was afraid he might be unpleasantly surprised if he took a good long look , but I didn 't dispel the ideal right then .
tr	O	Emily tried to tear it off , but it was sealed shut .
tr	I	Her hair was caught up in a ponytail , and she was wearing a T-shirt that had Tufts Field Hockey in big letters on the front .
tr	I	Ava was growing up to be a pretty little girl and things were the same with everyone .
tr	I	Her mouth dried and her pulse raced .
tr	I	That was pretty much it as far as the room went , and a desk sat against one wall .
tr	I	In place of alarm I felt oddly comforted , but I felt a weight on my chest , like being restrained by a thousand blankets .
tr	O	The surroundings were terribly unpleasant and I felt I had learned enough .
tr	I	I could tell it was time for a change , but I couldn 't read my own signals .
tr	I	The spirit burning within me went out , and I blinked .
tr	O	We 'll be quartering it , but as long as that cord stays at the same angle from the boat , we 'll be right on course .
tr	I	This question seems more benign than the last , and she 's smiling at me , though .
tr	I	I knew that Barton had you and I was looking for you everywhere .
tr	O	Kylie gave Miranda 's arm a good squeeze , and for the first time she felt as if uncovering the truth was in her reach .
tr	I	His head is next to my shoulder and his hand rests on my abdomen protectively .
tr	O	Yes , I started out being in love with her , and I 'm not going to apologise for that , Rose .
tr	O	I still hate new Sunday School classes but this one doesn 't feel new anymore .
tr	I	He wasn 't pushing her , but she could feel his arousal .
tr	I	He didn 't make it a secret , and Race wanted me .
tr	I	They 'd hung out in the past , but he couldn 't remember how he 'd met her .
tr	I	It was not unexpected from these guys , but they were being a little harsh .
tr	O	It had to be a deep , deep breath he was taking and she had no idea what emotion he might be fighting to control .
tr	I	McDougal raised a hand , but Abe shook his head .
tr	O	He motioned to the waitress , but I shook my head .
tr	O	There was no sign of the weapon , but they would make a thorough search .
tr	O	It feels like I 've been through this a million times before , but it 's never something I get used to .
tr	I	Determinedly making his way through the crowd with her on his arm but he moved to the exit , slowly .
tr	I	Then he sat back , his jaw clenched , but the younger origin 's eyes narrowed .
tr	O	Heat swarms my feet , but it is delicious heat .
tr	I	The baby was the result , and she 'd been raped .
tr	I	Lily fought down the urge to blurt out the entire story to him and the implication of abuse was there .
tr	O	Emelia 's wound was stinging much less and Jem seemed comfortable with his shoulder too .
tr	O	Afterward , they went to bed , but sleep was not what Mitchell had in mind .
tr	I	They definitely didn 't blush , but they turned red with anger .
tr	O	I struggle against the rope at my wrists , but it does not so much as budge .
tr	I	We form a small posse , and he manages to find a few others with appetites .
tr	I	Brazen often told them to think of themselves as sheepdogs protecting their flock from the wolves and the Brothers were also fiercely protective .
tr	O	The amber liquid sloshed and some of it spilled .
tr	I	He still didn 't know it , and the lawman was .
tr	O	I shouldn 't have pushed , but from the moment I met you , I thought you 'd be perfect for him .
tr	O	Camilla lets the straw bob away from her lips and she gazes down at Cecilia with a look of survey .
tr	O	I shouldn 't have pressed , but I couldn 't help it .
tr	O	You 've had five years and you haven 't figured out a way to make that improvement ?
tr	O	She had done so much for me and it wouldn 't be right if I turned her down .
tr	I	It will discover us soon but Death isn 't aware of us yet .
tr	I	As far as she knew , Ronan never had visitors , and she didn 't have any friends in North Canyon Creek .
tr	I	They have erected this fine theater for our purpose , but I asked for a mere platform in which to perform .
tr	O	Lysander grabbed him by the back of his shirt , and the man let out a faint moan as his body was dragged over to me .
tr	I	She was too caught up in the story , but she wanted to scold .
tr	O	Mr. Gibson didn 't know Josie and I 'd slept together .
tr	I	I was able to pay Gracie regularly and I was now receiving a weekly paycheck .
tr	O	He wanted to warn her , but he couldn 't find the words .
tr	I	He had to fight the smile that was twisting his mouth in the wrong direction , but he tried to look down at her with a sneer .
tr	O	She heard Raoul throw himself against the door again , and as the wood cracked , she cried out for God to help her .
tr	O	Something suddenly soured inside Aria , and she ducked around the corner .
tr	O	It seemed the most natural thing in the world to lean into him as his arm slid around her waist , and his lips touched her forehead .
tr	O	He 'd invited Roarke to have a drink with him , and dancing with her would mean leaving Roarke to drink alone .
tr	I	It was definitely bourbon with mint , but the color of this drink was paler .
tr	I	Edith cut him off , but Steve opened his mouth .
tr	O	There 's simply not that much to it , and there 's no real training to be had .
tr	I	I needed to know more before I saw Lucas again , but I was afraid he 'd say this .
tr	I	He didn 't need one , but there was no light on .
tr	I	She pushed the thought away , but she wondered if the child were his , since he seemed so concerned .
tr	O	Sara didn 't get my joke of course , but she heard my tone .
tr	I	This was a good way to begin , but he wanted to see himself inside her .
tr	O	There was a contingency for having to use some force , but of course it was not preferable .
tr	O	This time it brings tears to my eyes , but there 's something else , too .
tr	I	I wanted more , but he pushed a finger into me , thrusting .
tr	O	It was black , and the rock gleamed as if it were wet .
tr	O	We might have broken up , but I still cared about him .
tr	I	Then she 'd never had to attend thirteen in a row , but she had no idea how Christmas parties could make someone grumpy .
tr	I	A few stray strands fell about her shoulders , and her hair was matted about her head .
tr	I	He licked his lips almost imperceptibly , and his eyes dropped to my mouth .
tr	O	Garrett pulled his fingers out and she almost wept with disappointment .
tr	I	I hate it most when it interferes with a larger system , but I hate politics .
tr	O	My phone started ringing , and I reached in my pocket to get it .
tr	I	The atlas kept him grounded in reality , but he 'd long since memorized the route .
tr	I	I knew I had to find a way to get home and despair rolled over me .
tr	I	It was empty , but he quickly glanced at the doorway leading to the bakery .
tr	I	I just shrug and Maria glares .
tr	O	It must have happened when I slit his throat with the carving knife as he lay there , and the blood gushed all over the place .
tr	I	She forgot about the odd sensation , and the conversation moved on .
tr	O	I remember him because he was the only calm face I met , and he had intense eyes that seemed to pierce right into my soul .
tr	O	I knew there must be some comfort I could offer him , but I could think of nothing .
tr	I	I 'll call her and give me her number .
tr	I	It makes me want to run , and the way he 's looking at me , like I 'm everything to him .
tr	I	I didn 't have enough for him , and Tim cared about ' juice ' .
tr	O	Organ music filled the room , and the scent of frankincense drifted around us .
tr	I	No one has left the city under my orders , but Plenty of people saw her leave away with him .
tr	I	I knew a poker face when I saw one , but her tone of voice stayed steady , her expression mild .
tr	I	He rode his bike the other way , and I stayed on the bus to Evergreen .
tr	I	Stupid is not one of them , but Lilly 's a lot of things .
tr	O	Reece was slightly uncomfortable riding this close to him , and it wasn 't because of anything he was doing .
tr	O	He grabbed it , held tight , and it helped keep him above water .
tr	I	Tendrils stretched out to snatch up the crouching demons and the bags bounced slightly .
tr	O	The light dimmed , and Summer snuggled into the warmth .
tr	O	Camden started getting fussy , and it was getting late .
tr	I	The place had been torched ... and she 'd gone to Chance 's house .
tr	I	When he did , we all saw something we never expected , but he proceeded to kick the door down .
tr	O	They looked at me in shock for a moment then Roach bundled me to the floor and Casino got his hand over my mouth .
tr	O	You 're just a foster son , and you shouldn 't forget it .
tr	O	The virtual Murderer is petite , about an inch shorter than me , but I know not to underestimate her because of size .
tr	I	We 'll press charges , or drop it right now .
tr	I	I was really intrigued when I looked at his gigantic cock , but I was mesmerized when I looked into his beautiful blue eyes .
tr	I	Its domed roof was of solid gold and it was made of smooth white marble .
tr	O	I would have shown up if someone had built me a snowman , but I am a female .
tr	O	I 'd hoped to slink off to my apartment without notice , but my dad opened the front door as soon as we parked the car .
tr	O	I know who they 've captured , or you wouldn 't be so excited .
tr	O	Oh , he could deny it all he wanted now , but Willow remembered every single detail of last night .
tr	O	Alice 's eyes shone eagerly and she leaned forward a bit .
tr	O	Her body swelled to its limit in the seas , and she reached her thousands of arms skyward in joy .
tr	I	I feel helpless , and the council murmurs uneasily .
tr	I	His happy expression faltered when he got a look at Neil , but Nicky perked up as the two stepped into the living room .
tr	I	It didn 't make sense , but there had to be some connection .
tr	O	Relief flooded through him , and he began to read .
tr	I	The EMT shook his head , but it was subtle .
tr	I	Aiden yelped as it banged into his back and I knocked my forehead into my bedroom door .
tr	I	He wished they could stay like that forever and Time seemed to stop .
tr	O	It was huge , and I could picture it already .
tr	I	There I was to be sent , and when last I visited you , you were the jailor of Mordor .
tr	I	When he came forward , Kit handed the envelope to him , and Hatton Abernathy rose .
tr	I	Nick managed to find a movie that we could agree on and we sat on opposite ends of the couch .
tr	I	She was quite diminutive by comparison , and he wasn 't a small man .
tr	O	He reached out and they shook hands .
tr	O	Her soft hair touched his chin , and Eric hid his face in the fiery mane .
tr	O	The brake lights flickered , but the van didn 't move .
tr	I	We all sat still once more , and I shuddered .
tr	O	The tears started to fall and he couldn 't bear it .
tr	I	A great peace took hold of him , and Sunlight warmed the temperature sensors on his upraised face .
tr	O	It was awkward to wash them one-handed , but she managed .
tr	O	The hikes take you over a lot of terrain , but I wouldn 't call them extreme .
tr	I	Really , do you know my story , but yes , you 've heard about me ?
tr	O	John wasn 't really suffering , and he didn 't think any of the other guards would be quite so ready for problems .
tr	I	They act like dogs , but they look like wolves .
tr	O	I don 't want him to get hurt , but I think he 's made the right choice .
tr	O	His short dark hair was graying at the temples , and his clothes looked like they had been slept in .
tr	I	Lucas was still struggling to get near the door , and I 'd been shoved on in the first wave .
tr	I	The wagon behind him weighed heavily on his straining legs as he started to run and his eyes were wide from fear .
tr	I	I wanted to do something special , and it was nearing my birthday .
tr	I	A darting shadow behind them caught Karou 's eye , and a few men came in .
tr	O	I feel guilty for eavesdropping , but I can 't help it .
tr	O	She didn 't know why but this was something more than just sex .
tr	I	I wanted to thoroughly enjoy myself , and I had plenty of money tucked away in my wallet .
tr	I	Most of that was wrong , and since I never talked about it , there was only speculation about the wreck .
tr	O	He mimicked her words and she chased him around the parking lot .
tr	I	He clearly was a weapon , and only Damon wasn 't carrying a weapon .
tr	I	The kitchen is warm and the stove is hot .
tr	I	Loosened the draw on the bow , and she sighed , finally .
tr	I	It took a little convincing on her part but okay , she didn 't have to drag me .
tr	O	Melanie retracted her arm , but his grip followed .
tr	O	He never won a national championship , but neither did the twelve Amish guys who jumped at him .
tr	O	I 'm still trying to sort through my thoughts , but I decide to take it one step at a time .
tr	I	As we baked , we talked and she 'd throw us in the kitchen .
tr	O	I reached for the other bag I had brought with me , still unable to find any clothes , but Mason grabbed my arm .
tr	O	I might find a gun there , and I really need one .
tr	O	He pulls her in by the waist , and everything in me burns with a jealous fire .
tr	O	She sounded worried , and he sought to reassure her .
tr	I	I laughed and ' t was so contagious even poor Brenna began to laugh and I laughed .
tr	I	Somewhere behind us , the toddler starts to cry , and the lights go out .
tr	O	He took my hand and we danced slowly across the room .
tr	I	Everyone would crouch down to try to avoid getting wet and sometimes the wind would blow sideways .
tr	I	The Source followed him , but he spun into the air .
tr	I	All of his impressive bulk went stone hard and I was going to tell him that I was all for that plan when his spine snapped straight .
tr	I	There will be more , and thousands of innocent people have died .
tr	I	He had to stop using it , and the phone he already had was obviously bugged .
tr	I	He tuned out the sound , putting all his focus into his part of the attack , but reports of downed hostiles filled his ear .
tr	I	I knew what I had to do and my heart felt heavy as I walked to the door .
tr	I	I manage not to shiver , showing I 'm impervious to discomfort , but without a jacket , it 's cold as hell .
tr	I	There were a few dresses in it but I expected it to be empty .
tr	I	For the life of me I can 't see why , but it could have been a cruel trick on her part .
tr	O	He held her hand half an hour ago , but now he is back to keeping his distance .
tr	I	He would be dead and he knew a single touch .
tr	I	Her eyes follow the buffalo as we pass but Francesca is huddled miserably in the rear seat .
tr	O	I was breathless now , and my eyes stung .
tr	I	We must protect you , but I 'm sorry Graham .
tr	I	I return to my spot in front of Kalli , and she slips out of the kitchen without another word .
tr	I	The guilt is tearing me apart inside , and I miss Ria like hell .
tr	O	Sorry about I didn 't answer the door but I was exactly talking to Jenny on phone .
tr	I	We must end it , and we started this madness .
tr	O	He would not die from his injuries , but it would take him a little while to completely recover .
tr	O	I paced around a bit more , and then I called it a day .
tr	O	He 'd said to let him know if I needed anything , and I figured this definitely qualified .
tr	I	She was leaving a little puddle on the stone floor , and she was soaked through to the skin .
tr	I	The curtains drawn behind the glass , and its windows were closed tight .
tr	O	Nick didn 't trust the man one bit , but he was willing to hear an explanation from someone before punches were thrown .
tr	O	I 'd hate to see you become one of the troubled ones , but I 'm afraid it WILL happen .
tr	I	Death vampires hunted vulnerable women who tracked life alone , like culling the weak from the herd , but she could say whatever she wanted to say .
tr	O	They are going to give her trouble and as the darkened shadow around one of them turns pitch , I see red .
tr	O	Luke pulled his hand back as if to slap him , and Dennis laughed .
tr	I	He refused to take it , but Clary tried to give him the bed in her room .
tr	I	This was a chance to redeem it , and last year , winning had been at our fingertips .
tr	I	None of them would let go but if one of them let go at least half of them would take a tumble .
tr	O	I asked to be taken to his house and he agreed .
tr	O	He stepped down , but instead of the floor , his foot hit something soft .
tr	I	The man kept fighting , but he had stabbed directly into the man 's heart .
tr	O	He 'd wanted to stop by that afternoon , but an appointment with a realtor made that impossible .
tr	O	She tries to fight , but I am stronger .
tr	I	I knew it was too late , but I quickly tried to wipe at the moisture seeping from my eyes .
tr	I	I loved her , and she loved me .
tr	I	Her nostrils pinched , and she looked at the pale , sleeping girl on the bed .
tr	I	Then we attend practice , and we finish our day .
tr	I	Then , as the waiter had just arrived with our glasses of water , took a sip of hers , and she chewed her lip briefly .
tr	O	Aiden looked at my face for a second , and then his eyes trailed to my extended hand .
tr	O	She could control the emotion now , but that only made it more deadly .
tr	I	Bob saw his hands clench , and Samuels 's eyes narrowed .
tr	I	Rose couldn 't help it , but she knew this was spoiling her .
tr	I	The look in his eyes did something silly to her stomach and as she watched , Hector turned around to watch her progress .
tr	O	It all sounded quite practical , but Longbow had a few doubts .
tr	O	He pats my shoulder twice before he exits , and then I 'm alone .
tr	I	She didn 't know what it was , but something in the air wasn 't right .
tr	O	A heavy hand landed on his shoulder and he looked up into the director 's stern face .
tr	I	I was out the door and he turned me around .
tr	I	I couldn 't blame him , and he was clearly with Elodie .
tr	I	Whilst bouncing a ball off his racquet , he addressed her , and George , however , had bounded over to Frances 's side .
tr	O	The rain had stopped so that the voices were clear but the Welsh was being spoken too rapidly for George to follow .
tr	I	Her fingers tightened around mine , and it 's okay , whispered Ava 's voice .
tr	O	As the cold strengthens , the madness seems to ebb , and my mind clears .
tr	O	Your grandfather had said it needed to be fixed but you know how he hates fixing things .
tr	O	His eyes were empty , and when I waved my hand in front of his face he didn 't even blink .
tr	I	He knew now wasn 't the right time but there was so much he wanted to say to her .
tr	I	He now had scholarship offers from two different colleges and College scouts had come to the playoff game to watch Leif .
tr	I	I let her down and she relied on me .
tr	O	I laughed , but it came out sounding forced , which it was .
tr	O	Bobo didn 't know what anyone else was thinking , but he was back in that land where unpleasant revelations were the norm .
tr	I	It doesn 't sound fatal but someone else swears in pain .
tr	I	She had to admit that he was quite good , and while she hadn 't played him , she 'd seen him play here at court .
tr	O	Quinn 's voice was matter-of-fact , but a veiled sharpness in his tone brought my attention back to him .
tr	O	I had to admit that maybe Dirk had a point , but he wasn 't finished .
tr	O	There was also champagne in the fridge , and he 'd take a bottle up with them after they finished eating .
tr	O	Sir Rupert raced down to shake Lee 's hand vigorously , but the young man couldn 't take his eyes from Cynthia .
tr	O	He took the trouble to devise a system he could use on the surface and he set it up when he went to inspect the Solar batteries .
tr	I	In the end he gave up trying , and Jack Barclay was right about not sleeping .
tr	I	Isabella found herself holding her breath while she prayed that he wouldn 't see right through her , and he didn 't answer immediately .
tr	I	It reads the data from any tissue it can access and you just have to get the DNA scanner close enough .
tr	O	Unlike his room however , there were plenty of pastel coloured cushions and a colour TV set .
tr	O	It seemed much too large for him and it was noticeably on the soft side .
tr	O	she asked brightly , but Alexandra knew she had never looked better .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to hold back and it was no secret I hated the little brat .
tr	I	I rolled onto my back to stare up at the ceiling and finally my eyes flew open .
tr	I	Her legs weren 't working right , and she couldn 't feel that arm .
tr	I	It was a cinch they weren 't going to get any other answers , but the sheriff 's men might not have liked certain parts of it .
tr	I	Some with my letters are now sitting in that third group , but I wrote to most of the men sitting together beside us .
tr	I	I can 't really hear her , but she 's still talking to me .
tr	I	Her father had taken part in the Crusades , and she had been raised devoutly by her parents .
tr	O	I do not care for the war makers but I care about what can happen to us .
tr	O	He pats his pockets , feeling for his cell phone , but it must have been lost at the hotel penthouse .
tr	I	The wall fixtures cast a dimmed , weaker light into the room , and an electrical buzz resounded .
tr	O	I gave her a weak smile , took her hand in mine , and we made our way back to the base .
tr	I	I saw a lot of marriages end , and I spent fifteen years with the team .
tr	O	He had been promised it was only for protection and all Dryad wanted was Xander 's abdication from his throne .
tr	O	Violet hung up the phone , and her energy danced around her .
tr	O	You 're in pain and it 's not necessary .
tr	I	She illuminated it with the beam and something moved in the far corner .
tr	O	His eyes rolled to the top of his head and he fell into a swoon his mouth wide open .
tr	I	The words wouldn 't register but Helen heard his deep voice .
tr	I	From his screech she thought it might be a bone , but she heard a pop as if a twig had snapped .
tr	I	I couldn 't get her alone , and after dinner it was family time .
tr	I	He was in a hurry to do it , but he wasn 't sure what he was going to do .
tr	I	Nothing stood out more than the scene in the middle of the room , but the artwork shone prominently , begging for attention .
tr	O	One lay unmoving under a pile of crates and I could only see his feet .
tr	I	Susan was annoyed and as quickly as it had clutched her , the pain let go .
tr	I	There just wasn 't anything to be said , but he thought he should say something .
tr	O	My skin was prickling for some reason when I walked into the living area and I couldn 't really say why .
tr	O	He made no outward protest , however , but his fingers on the hilt of his sword drummed .
tr	I	Nick took off his jacket , placing it around her shoulders before they both settled on the blanket and Rena shivered .
tr	I	It made scuffing sounds across the floor and one of the zombies stumbled over a chair .
tr	O	I feel like I could see you every second of every day and it wouldn 't be enough .
tr	I	For some moments the right words eluded her , and Frances was equally astounded to see the doctor .
tr	I	I 'm lost , falling through space and the heat from his body encompasses me .
tr	O	I look at Pen , and she looks back .
tr	O	The gardener had been pruning the roses , and he accidentally cut one branch too many .
tr	I	We 'd talk about it on Sunday and told me to get the kids home .
tr	O	The rest of the parking lot was quiet as well , and he started making his way to his car .
tr	I	They cannot but the light was so bright they should look away .
tr	O	I let go and she looked at me , paralyzed .
tr	O	Hours had passed and she hadn 't even stirred .
tr	I	My chest ached , and my eyes burned .
tr	O	That seemed ironic , in a macabre way , but Anita had made Cheyenne promise not to have her cremated .
tr	O	I stared at her in disdain , but my stomach was flip-flopping with worry .
tr	O	It was a full-on massive attack and I had no idea how to get out of it .
tr	I	Within seconds the carriage house was obliterated from view , and the rains came harder .
tr	O	The knob had in fact turned , but the deadbolt above it was engaged , so it didn 't give an inch .
tr	I	I stop breathing and my body stiffens .
tr	O	Darcy widened his eyes , and Conrad smiled even wider .
tr	I	In my current getup , I was a daisy , and they were roses .
tr	I	The counter has been left unattended and the entire waiting room is empty .
tr	I	He turned , reaching for his gun and a skittering stone caught his attention .
tr	O	They were sweet words , but she refused to let him sway her .
tr	O	Let me finish up with Dana and I 'll head over to lunch .
tr	I	She knew it would dry quickly in the heat , but her skirt hung heavy when she walked .
tr	I	I closed my hands tighter , but it tried to squeeze out .
tr	O	Footsteps padded swiftly in the dark , and the warrior Heads gripped their weapons .
tr	I	Any intelligence that picks them up would get to experience the power of the sphere , and an alien civilization could strew these things around the galaxy .
tr	O	My left wrist buckles under the weight , and my shoulder crashes into the top of the trailer all over again .
tr	I	My juices were flowing all over his mouth , making wet , obscene noises that made my chest flush , and it just felt so goddamn good .
tr	I	I could only stare , bewildered , but I knew the words meant something .
tr	O	His head rolled aside , and then she kicked it off into the grass .
tr	O	Smiling like that with her cheeks pink and her eyes glowing she really was gorgeous .
tr	I	I don 't even know you , and I don 't know this place .
tr	O	I want to play , but I can 't think of any music .
tr	O	Guilt entered his eyes and she realized he was likely blaming himself for the two nights of lovemaking so soon after her injury .
tr	O	It was more than generous , but his reputation was threatened .
tr	O	The hazy veil I didn 't notice fell away and suddenly the world was painfully clear .
tr	O	She told Dottie all about the second half of the game , and they reminded each other of some of the funnier happenings of the first half .
tr	I	If it bothers you so much than maybe you can ask Ma to help you clean them , but they 're fine .
tr	O	She paled , and her arms dropped to her sides as she shrank back in her chair .
tr	I	She grinned and she noticed me trying to discreetly watch her .
tr	O	She 's beautiful and she 's staring at me .
tr	I	When I do , it 's bad , but I don 't lose it often .
tr	I	I thought that I 'd watch it , and the sun 's coming up .
tr	O	The door opened again , and a young woman came into the room .
tr	O	She 's overwhelmed with emotion and I 'm sure she can see the same emotion mirrored in my face .
tr	O	The plan was all set but it still seemed an impossible task .
tr	I	Kelly removed his shoes , then socks , after which she tossed his pants out of reach , and Nash retook his seat on the couch .
tr	I	She 's dating Cecil ' ' You are kidding right and she told me yesterday at school ?
tr	O	He put an arm out to Nicole , and she slid up against him as if she had been made to fit at his side .
tr	O	Damn , that was the most often asked question of their relationship , and she hadn 't even realized it until that moment .
tr	I	The black robed figure started to shrink , and the Spell Wizard 's screams became squeals .
tr	I	Nobody could see in , but when we closed the sling 's cover , we could still see out .
tr	I	She saw a few yellow , but mostly the lights were green .
tr	O	The phone rang a couple hours later and she was reluctant to pick it up .
tr	I	Sarah felt like she could stand up and they were soon beneath the tree tops .
tr	O	The opportunity was there , but he had blown it .
tr	I	They were beautiful and they were teens .
tr	I	We let them trip us up and they were part of the family .
tr	O	Logan had saved his lady , and they were planning to get married .
tr	I	I mean it , but I know you probably hear that a lot .
tr	O	The doors of her car unlocked by themselves and Kevin let himself inside .
tr	I	He acted like he was not aware of her sudden existence yet he felt the presence of someone .
tr	O	The sirens faded into the distance , but the gunshots got closer .
tr	O	You 're my baby brother , and we 're in this together .
tr	O	The driver side door opened and a chauffeur exited the vehicle .
tr	I	He replaced it with a wooden raven and one of the glass handles had broken .
tr	O	Earl was the ' take charge ' kind of guy , and she was a woman with a horrible , sad life .
tr	O	She wanted him to deny it , but again that brutal honesty destroyed her hopes .
tr	I	I have to fight not to swallow my tongue , and he leans in even closer .
tr	O	That really was my real name , but it felt rude to point it out .
tr	O	We hold in our hands the ending of the greatest fantasy epic of our time , and I intend to see it done right .
tr	O	My hair growth had slowed down , but it continued to thicken .
tr	O	We spend a quiet , comfortable evening and I can 't help watching Emily for most of it .
tr	I	She was out of arms reach , but I grabbed for her foot again .
tr	O	The kid 's an idiot , but you have to respect him .
tr	I	There were no words , but I opened my mouth .
tr	I	I could taste blood and my cheek throbbed .
tr	O	He didn 't know what was going on inside himself and his pride wouldn 't let him go after you .
tr	O	His voice was kind , but there was steel underneath it he wanted me to hear .
tr	I	I studied his jawline and his eyes crinkled .
tr	O	They 'll be too big for you , but they 'll have to do you for now .
tr	O	She always leaned on my shoulders and I regularly hugged her .
tr	I	Alex joined her and Gloria was perched on one of the countertops .
tr	O	* I 'd suggest taking Surreal to watch your back , but I think she 's a little too eager to use a knife right now .
tr	I	It takes a convergence of all these dimensions at one point of time to create a utility and things always are multidimensional .
tr	O	He won essentially by default , but sometimes that was how things played out .
tr	O	It had been less than three hours since Maryellen had left for work , but Gene already was in a panic .
tr	I	He was holding out a clumsy pile , and she saw Ethan , his eyes averted .
tr	I	It 's really positive reinforcement , but it should be negative reinforcement .
tr	O	The baby is growing fast and I struggle to walk properly .
tr	I	My voice was squeezed down tight , and I asked .
tr	O	Her hair whipped around her face , and she pushed it behind her ears .
tr	O	Ones that might not have security systems , but this was closer to his meeting point .
tr	O	One fanciful thought turned into another and she tried to imagine what it would be like if her mind ended up in her mother 's body .
tr	I	I gave him a little applause and Charlie finished his lesson .
tr	O	They often provide me with helpful information , and I pay well to be well informed .
tr	O	She needed space and he had to give it to her .
tr	I	She 'd considered him a very good friend when she visited her father each summer and he 'd done well over the years .
tr	O	I saw his eyes grew wide and streaks of sweat came trickling down his nose bridge .
tr	O	Horses are prey animals , and we 're predators .
tr	O	I walked her to the subway stop and I kissed her goodbye .
tr	O	His hands brushed over her curves and his jacket fell to the ground .
tr	O	The temperature had dropped , and that thick , suffocating air from earlier was now in motion as fronts collided .
tr	I	I still had to use my power in the heat of battle , but I knew I had the potential .
tr	O	I hit the top of the stairs , and Ben freezes over the stove .
tr	O	Her body seemed to go wooden , and she appeared lost in the movements .
tr	O	Charles shrugged one shoulder , about to respond , but Bronwyn interrupted , holding up a pointer finger .
tr	I	The Lord would be seen , and praying that lives would be changed , revelations would be made .
tr	O	She dashed through and there was Kylie floating face down the water .
tr	O	She doesn 't actually dance but it seems like she does .
tr	O	I wanted them gone , and it was his fault that I was even feeling this way !
tr	I	Her gray hair was neatly pulled into a bun , and Aunt Maya was wearing one of her nicer dresses .
tr	O	He didn 't really think she was right , but he didn 't like the dwarves who clearly thought she was wrong .
tr	O	Richard clicked on a PDF file attachment called ' Front Page ' and a piece of software called Adobe Reader opened on his desktop .
tr	O	I had no idea where the Bay of Biscuit was , but I didn 't care .
tr	I	There 's already a full pot , but I walk to the kitchen to make coffee .
tr	I	He looked beautiful to me , but he had injuries , sure .
tr	O	She shifted , getting comfortable , wriggling against his rock-hard erection , and he groaned aloud .
tr	O	He will serve as one of your counselors , and his contacts will be at your disposal .
tr	O	I informed her I wasn 't leaving and she 'd need to find another home .
tr	O	That ship can see the rogue wave behind them , and they are racing from it .
tr	O	The door was open and a white sedan was parked inside , facing outward .
tr	O	The young cop left and I followed Torres into the house .
tr	O	She knew he was being sweet , but it was so cliché .
tr	I	Inside my head , Elodie was practically dancing , and I felt my lips twist in a smirk .
tr	O	The only person who even knew she was in Scotland was Philip , and he wasn 't expecting an update for a couple of days .
tr	I	The morning 's edition was no exception and Sports news was typically light on Wednesday .
tr	O	I knew he had slept because I had heard him snoring from across the hall , but he sure didn 't look like it .
tr	I	That were when I saw him , and my eyes set to casting about .
tr	O	Julie ordered an omelette , and Lea ordered a salad with a turkey sandwich .
tr	I	This was what he was expected to waste his time on and there was a bloody saboteur wrecking his ship .
tr	I	They strolled side by side toward the marina , and she agreed .
tr	O	I grabbed for my gun and before I could get the gun on my shoulder , the dingo attacked me .
tr	I	All he pulled out was a paper that had been rolled up , but Zayne stiffened .
tr	I	Kurt tightened his grip on his armrest , and the plane hit a patch of turbulence .
tr	I	I live on a dirt road and I 'm too young .
tr	O	I 'll tell you what I can , but I 'm not sure I can be much help .
tr	I	We bring life to the Shadow Kingdom , but he brings death to all things .
tr	I	She didn 't appear to be in distress , yet the woman was not dressed for the freezing weather .
tr	I	Still smelling like Sharpie and still damp .
tr	I	I 'll lose it , right here in the bar and the floodgates will open .
tr	O	I still have a tremendous amount of writing to accomplish and I don 't want to do it in New York .
tr	O	Then the video cut out , and the room went dark again .
tr	O	Wolf Eyes accepted it with a nod , and he pulled a long drag of the smoke .
tr	I	My joints felt immovable and I ached all over .
tr	O	A huge four-poster bed dominated the room , but it was unlike any four-poster Verity had ever seen before .
tr	I	Professional appearances had to be kept , but it was annoying .
tr	I	A municipal airport came into view and Kyle turned sharply to the left .
tr	O	Daemon 's lips were curved in a smile , but his golden eyes were full of sharp understanding .
tr	I	He might get found out or he doesn 't want anyone finding bones on our side .
tr	I	While it was comforting , there was something else I would rather feel , and the softness of his T-shirt brushed against my arms .
tr	O	Godfrey shoved me from behind , and I fell to my knees .
tr	O	The Romani warning reached the beast 's ears , and instantly it locked its legs .
tr	O	When she pulled back , our eyes caught , and I couldn 't pull myself from her stare .
tr	O	He tried not to stare but it was difficult .
tr	O	It was weird in Kilmer , and my mom 's ... gone .
tr	O	She 'd already been sick once , and he could see her fighting for breath .
tr	O	I guess she senses our need to talk , and now it 's just the two of us with this ugly cloud looming over us .
tr	O	She shifted slightly and Tiberius quickly looked away , not wanting her to catch him staring .
tr	O	I pass the city limits sign , and a smile spreads across my face .
tr	I	Ani left without any explanation , shutting the door behind her , but it seemed warm enough in Indigo 's room , oppressive you might call it .
tr	O	The bus began to slow to a stop and I stood up , anxious to get away .
tr	O	The light-hearted training ceased and training for War began .
tr	O	The breeze carried the salt air ahead of them and the palm leaves whispered overhead .
tr	O	Her father 's face flushed , and he looked towards the door , as if expecting to see his wife enter at any moment .
tr	I	Her hands rested on her hips and she wore a concerned expression on her face .
tr	O	Stairs are hard for me , and if he wasn 't here , I would just hop on one foot down them .
tr	I	He wouldn 't have shot his mentor , but Chet thought Barrett was moving too slowly .
tr	O	I think she may be alive but I don 't know about him .
tr	O	The heat seemed worse than before , but maybe that was because of the chill of the tomb below .
tr	I	She hoped she didn 't live to regret it , and she couldn 't help feeling she 'd sold her soul to the devil .
tr	O	He knew that he was running out of time , and he went back to the inn 's main building .
tr	O	She tilts her chin up , and his eyes are on her .
tr	O	Pia followed him leaving Simone and I standing in the showroom by ourselves .
tr	I	I was faced with change again , and the time flew by .
tr	I	Her chestnut eyes glowed beneath long lashes and her chocolate hair curled at her shoulders .
tr	O	She did her best to distract Gabriella from her terror as breathing became more difficult , and the intense heat engulfed them .
tr	O	Jack was still touching the back of the frame , and the view in the mirror was changing .
tr	O	I tried multiple times to buy you all out , but you just don 't listen .
tr	I	It will never be you and I know what I need .
tr	I	He wanted to play games and my life was on the line .
tr	O	Fresh roses were always picked for her in the springtime , and he accompanied her to the opera as often as possible .
tr	I	It felt good , but it was a hunch .
tr	O	I tried Trey 's number , but it went straight to voicemail .
tr	O	I felt her eyes on me , but I could only think of excuses .
tr	I	The storm ceased , and it grew dark .
tr	O	I don 't want to scare you , but you 're the only one who has the ability to set this right .
tr	O	Lina smiled with her eyes closed , and her cheek pressed over the stone slab .
tr	O	She continued looking for other servants who were doing their early morning chores , but no one to whom she spoke had any knowledge of his whereabouts .
tr	O	No , the clients had no head for business , but that was good for Max .
tr	I	She wasn 't backing down without a fight , and part of me that had been repressed suddenly felt alive .
tr	I	He knew that I couldn 't stand Xavier and he didn 't know that I knew his brother before the class .
tr	O	The ground turned upwards , and the walking became a little more difficult .
tr	I	For some reason it made Thomas like Aris more , but that was a punch to the gut .
tr	I	Adrian 's blew mine away , but Jill had claimed I had an expensive wardrobe .
tr	I	He was gaining on me and it was Bo .
tr	I	Strangers offered them a new opportunity for fresh blood , perhaps even money , and they were poor .
tr	O	That was exactly what he 'd told himself earlier in the week , but he didn 't like hearing it now .
tr	I	I couldn 't see being hopeful , but for it to happen to Heather would have been a miracle .
tr	O	Turned a corner to loop around the block and there she was .
tr	I	He nodded , and I guessed .
tr	O	She gave him a withering look , but he couldn 't be deterred .
tr	I	We 're flying back , and I 've rented a car , which I 'm dropping off in Florida .
tr	O	The run to the blue sector took only ten minutes , and all the time they were heading into the afternoon squall .
tr	I	I couldn 't even look to see Olivia 's response and I turned away from secondhand embarrassment .
tr	I	Birds were singing joyously , and the sunshine poured down .
tr	I	He hunches over , his body swaying and his face turns various shades of white .
tr	O	Take care of business out there , and I 'll see to the wounded .
tr	I	Vivian plowed over her , but Claire started to speak .
tr	I	He had to clutch the rock to keep his balance , and the cage swung slightly as he watched it .
tr	O	The power dynamic has shifted , and I can 't make it shift back .
tr	O	One I knew intimately , and I knew the truth .
tr	I	The anger in his voice was unmistakable , and finally Cisco spoke .
tr	I	I was famished from an hour at the gym , and I 'd had a long , unsatisfying day at school .
tr	I	He 'd vetoed the idea , but Khrushchev had wanted to come with him .
tr	I	He looked like he had grown a couple of feet and every muscle in his body was tense .
tr	I	That 's an entirely different matter , but I feed my birds , too .
tr	O	It was hard , but she managed to get through the meal with dignity .
tr	I	There 's also a flicker of worry , a consciousness of time in his eyes , but Ari seems genuinely thrilled .
tr	O	He looked down at Tara , and she could see the wheels turning in his head .
tr	I	Another part of her knew it was more than that , but a part of her simply wasn 't ready for the trip to be over .
tr	I	Soon he 'd be underground and now they were zipping him up in a bag .
tr	O	Elaina 's attempts to explain went largely ignored at first , but then she delivered a scathing lecture on doing his duty .
tr	O	During study hall , she 'd listened to two meditation tapes in a row , but they 'd only gotten her more riled up .
tr	I	Light illuminated the stark arousal etched into his face , and morning rays of sunshine crept in through the window .
tr	I	I couldn 't say anything , and it was tearing me apart .
tr	I	Her left arm was numb , and it hurt to swallow .
tr	O	Some were tall and some were short .
tr	O	I haven 't had a friend like him in a long time , and this could ruin it all .
tr	I	Its effects were too slow for his liking , but the medicine was working .
tr	I	Eric had no desire at all for Jace to become a Guardian , and Jace had been about the right age to qualify .
tr	O	We nodded , none of us sure how to handle her either , and we were her closest friends .
tr	O	It seemed that he had tried to help her , but something had gone wrong .
tr	O	You don 't have to fix them right now , but you do have to be able to spot them .
tr	I	She 'd been so impressed when Joseph had seemed to not even notice them , but George had always shamelessly flirted back .
tr	I	His face became pallid , and his eyes glinted yellow .
tr	I	Together they headed toward the luggage carousel , and Summer slipped her arm around his waist .
tr	I	Most of these reflections had been for personal reasons , but Renton had considered quitting many times .
tr	O	The spell that her brother had grudgingly let his chief magician chant over her kept the worst at bay , but the bar felt white hot .
tr	O	The Valkyrie bit her lip , and pink sparks of magic flashed around her fingertips .
tr	I	The silverware gleamed and soft candlelight glowed .
tr	O	At least it had stopped and the sky was clear above .
tr	I	Now the storm kicked up a notch , but I 'd been feeling very determined .
tr	I	General Fuller didn 't expect them to put up much resistance , but there were a few irregulars that had been looting the Northwest .
tr	I	He wasn 't willing to consider any other alternative , but Rocco wasn 't so sure .
tr	I	I sat on the edge of the bed heavily , and my voice broke .
tr	O	Sebastian was in a plane - actually flying - and he could not give a damn .
tr	O	They went flying back against the wall , and the impact knocked the breath from her .
tr	O	I 've wanted to be married , though , and I 've spent my whole life practicing .
tr	I	The sound bounced away to unknown depths , leaving my feathers a bristled ridge along my back and I whistled into the darkness .
tr	I	I was left scrambling at it , and a coat flew over my face .
tr	I	Royce wouldn 't let her , but she tried to sit up .
tr	O	A man like Gunner didn 't love easily , but when he did love , it was consuming .
tr	O	I looked around and everyone was smiling .
tr	I	The pain would be over and at least then he 'd know he 'd be dead soon .
tr	O	With the pin on the right , he was only 20 feet from the hole , but looking at a likely bogey .
tr	O	He was panting heavily , and blood was streaming from his hand where I 'd bitten him .
tr	I	I wanted to be home early and it was nearly dusk .
tr	O	Only one of us needed to go , and I preferred that someone be me .
tr	I	I pull out a diamond necklace and a flash of something shiny gets me excited .
tr	O	Jimmy rolled off of her and they both jumped up .
tr	I	I took it long enough to let him help me up , and James offered me his hand .
tr	I	I realize for the first time that he 's not wearing a shirt and he runs a hand through his hair .
tr	O	It was the first time he 'd smiled at her , and for a moment she couldn 't breathe .
tr	I	A blissful sensation went down her spine , making her body quiver and their tongues touched .
tr	I	I didn 't even discuss it that often with him and Grant was the only one who knew the full story .
tr	O	He 'd left a couple of dresser drawers open , but there was no pup in there , either .
tr	O	It 's frightening the amount of hate that builds up in a place like this , and I don 't even mean from myself .
tr	O	He came toward me , and once again , I fought the urge to back away .
tr	I	They were apparently willing to spy for her and she had friends all over the hotel .
tr	I	I wanted to kick myself and it sounded like an accusation .
tr	O	I 've been giving everything I have to this campaign , and I 've been doing it for a long time now .
tr	I	The painted representations obliged , and a soft wind blew .
tr	O	His lips thinned and he put down his coffee .
tr	I	Mac sat on his and Lynn sat on her bed .
tr	O	Her fingertips found a small round nipple and she unconsciously rolled the fleshy nub between her fingers , a sigh escaping her lips .
tr	I	She caught his gaze as it slipped from her shoes to her face , and David continued to smile at her .
tr	I	Dan ' r hadn 't known , but he had wondered why the arrow wobbled in midair .
tr	O	The sun was shining and the sky was blue .
tr	O	Sally waved her arms at them , but they appeared not to have noticed her .
tr	I	Before walking out he turned to me , but I walked him to the door .
tr	O	Her smile slipped away but she nodded .
tr	O	The roof was gone but the walls remained standing .
tr	O	Mike 's body had stiffened and his arms tightened around her until breathing became next to impossible .
tr	I	She was his and he was hers .
tr	I	I still continued , but he didn 't turn , focusing on driving with one hand .
tr	O	He had done his best by his children , but he hadn 't always been around for them .
tr	I	She nodded , but I wasn 't sure how much Jenna believed that .
tr	O	He was right and she was miserable with the knowledge .
tr	I	She saw that Archie was outside her window , and the scratching was there , louder than ever .
tr	I	The trip had been a waste , but A bracelet she could cash in .
tr	I	She knew , but Sean hadn 't told her where the body was .
tr	I	She understood now that her heart didn 't lack certainty , but she was still nervous .
tr	I	He was fairly certain he could break something , but it wasn 't like he could steal it .
tr	O	He was having way too much fun at his new job and I was elated for him .
tr	I	He kept leaving her , but she begged him to stay home with her .
tr	I	Before tonight they had never aroused her , but amusement parks had always excited Paige .
tr	I	I can 't , but I want to say something hopeful .
tr	I	None of you will argue this , and I think cigarettes killed Jacob Wood .
tr	I	He 'd moved on and it was a brief fling .
tr	O	This information stung but I expected it .
tr	O	Her hands roamed over him , stripping him , stroking him , and all too soon he was begging , unable to help himself .
tr	O	Her eyes met her younger brother 's , and the smile grew into a full-fledged laugh .
tr	O	I didn 't really know what would happen with either , but Lancaster appeared to be willing to answer that for me .
tr	O	Mick had to get back on duty , and I had to get back on Watson .
tr	I	We know how to dance , but we may have been the smallest , poorest district in Panem .
tr	O	You better not try that too much without my permission , but it was nice .
tr	I	I want to be there and I want to be here .
tr	I	He turned from his mother as a violent shudder racked his frame and the tension holding him released its grip .
tr	O	Bennet can do as she pleases , but I will not give up on the promises I made .
tr	I	It wasn 't just the temperature and Sweat immediately formed on his brow .
tr	I	I know it and you know it .
tr	O	The knot in Paul 's stomach almost resisted his sandwich and it was all he could do to get his food down .
tr	I	Her face had changed completely but it was just too far to hear what she was saying .
tr	O	His father somehow won custody , or maybe your friend didn 't feel she could raise a child alone .
tr	O	It was the first time I 'd ever known her name , yet it felt as familiar as my own .
tr	I	I stopped , wondering if I had waited too long to eat and my stomach rolled .
tr	O	We haven 't been able to find anything as yet and it is frustrating the hell out of me .
tr	I	Thousands died at sea , yet enough got through so that Ebola began spreading across Europe creating chaos and the hungry still came .
tr	O	I tried to spin around , hearing something coming up behind me , but I only managed to make myself swing from the tree .
tr	O	That was an illogical reaction and I had to banish it .
tr	O	Quiet settles between us as she opens up the magazine she was carrying and I realize it 's a wedding magazine .
tr	I	The exterior was surprisingly featureless , like a corporate office building , but the interior of Northern Aggression might have been all lush elegance .
tr	O	His expression just made me angrier , but I also knew he was right .
tr	O	He looks around the room , and I do as well .
tr	I	She winces , and I say , nearly shouting .
tr	O	He showed up at my door with flowers practically every day , and it didn 't take me long to fall under his spell .
tr	O	The pieces made them uncomfortable and they hadn 't missed the opportunity to tell Hero how obscene the work was .
tr	O	The women are looking close to the keep and the soldiers are searching the entire outer perimeter .
tr	O	The woman laughed , and now she was very , very pretty .
tr	I	All I could do was hope he didn 't kill me , and the cuts from the previous days beating hadn 't healed yet .
tr	I	Something about his infuriating nature made me forget about my other worries , but it made no sense .
tr	I	He was also looking at the seal , but Mr. Melamed was listening .
tr	I	My smile grew , and said Ron nervously .
tr	O	She hadn 't been expecting that and it distracted her for a moment .
tr	I	She needed to hear him say it , but she had a feeling she already knew .
tr	O	He was probably being paranoid , but playing it safe was always better than being careless .
tr	O	She always passed people and they were just angry because of Sebastian bumping into them .
tr	O	Ask and you shall receive .
tr	I	I flicked it open with my good hand and a builder 's toolbox lay beside the hoist .
tr	O	I give it a tug and the door swings open .
tr	O	Their silent deaths robbed the terrorists of the glory they wanted and for that , Neil was grateful .
tr	I	Then the reverend spoke again , and Jared touched my face once .
tr	I	She could see that Hilda 's match started only a few seconds ago , so she hadn 't missed much , and Lea got to her seat .
tr	I	As he talked , a dramatic change came over her face and his face was inches from hers now .
tr	O	I go to work , and then I go back to my apartment .
tr	I	He quickly regained control of himself , but Julian 's eyes rolled for a brief moment .
tr	O	She 's never deliberately mistreated me , but when Garde handed my girls to her , she never questioned .
tr	O	It seemed risky , but there was no avoiding it .
tr	I	Tears wouldn 't come , but she wanted to weep .
tr	O	This must have been Simon 's room , and I wonder why he doesn 't need it anymore .
tr	O	I 'm supposed to remain unbiased for the viewers , but that will be difficult for me in this case .
tr	O	I look down the corridor , but James doesn 't take the bait .
tr	O	The small gesture is adorable , and I twist the end of my ponytail as he approaches .
tr	I	He was so big and she was so wet for him .
tr	O	One charged forward , and I flung him into the thick elms that crowded the roadway with a flick of my wrist .
tr	I	I felt like crying , but my eyes were dry .
tr	I	Most people wear them hoping they won 't be hit ( unlike us ) and they are incredibly thin nowadays .
tr	O	I read the message over five times , and with each time , I grow angrier .
tr	O	I just saw my clearly alive sister , and she practically killed me with her pain .
tr	I	Tired and then this morning she 'd looked pale as a ghost .
tr	O	The door opened and both their heads turned .
tr	O	She 'd been a virgin when she met him , but even without any experience she 'd known he was different .
tr	O	Above them the television blared , but she preferred the noise to an echoing silence .
tr	O	My grip was about as strong as a newborn baby 's and I couldn 't seem to control my own weight .
tr	O	I grabbed him by the hair and he yelled as I jerked his head back .
tr	O	His eyes bulged , and his skin was the color of faded parchment .
tr	O	She stroked him hard and he lost his pressure on her .
tr	I	At this point Daddy wasn 't doing much to convince me otherwise , but I truly didn 't want to believe it .
tr	O	The flashlight played over Ty , and Earl stopped it at his hands .
tr	I	They 've talked about what it was like over there , but they 've never talked much about the actual fighting they did .
tr	I	The bottom line still hadn 't changed , but he may be in love with her .
tr	O	He caught Jamie 's eye , but Jamie just shrugged his shoulders .
tr	I	He was naked ... and I 'd had a dream about Conrad .
tr	I	She does it quite on purpose and she knows what she is doing .
tr	O	I listened for the sound of his retreating footsteps , but it was perfectly still .
tr	I	I could still see his bright red ears , but he looked away , as if that would hide his flushed cheeks .
tr	O	Bill was about to ask him to explain , but they were interrupted by the arrival of Colin .
tr	O	The door opened and Priscilla came in .
tr	I	The blood was already seeping through it , but a tourniquet had been applied .
tr	I	In that moment I knew , and Everything was suddenly too much .
tr	I	Your social life hasn 't changed and you 've moved across the state .
tr	O	I tried to turn , but his arm was like iron around me .
tr	O	I smiled softly and he positioned himself so he was on his back .
tr	I	I 'm not completely immune , but I may be emotionally damaged .
tr	O	It put me in a coma for a few days , but it didn 't kill me .
tr	O	It sounded close , but in reality , it was about two miles away .
tr	I	I 's relationship in that way and I had never thought of Hunter .
tr	O	The fear didn 't go away , but it became easier to accept .
tr	I	I once again had the strength to continue and my mind accepted that readily .
tr	I	The bat took me straight in the face and the woman behind me swung again .
tr	I	She doesn 't even know it , and she 's going to fall in a moment .
tr	O	The touch made her tremble and she could not stop the tears that flowed , tasting their salt as she pulled him to her .
tr	O	I suspected I saw a slight smile under the President 's mustache , but he restrained it very well .
tr	I	My voice was hoarse but I started to talk .
tr	O	There were many similar buildings with four floors and if you didn 't know the area , you could easily get lost .
tr	O	he shouts and I can hear him swallow .
tr	I	We 'd be ruined , and something would leak somehow .
tr	O	The morning might have started out a bit rough , but things were looking up .
tr	I	I am tied so tightly the bonds cut my flesh , but me , I seem as if I can do as I wish .
tr	O	Jem was nodding , but Tessa could tell even at this distance that Will , whose arms were crossed over his chest , was being recalcitrant .
tr	I	I 'm not satisfied , but the brain is gone .
tr	I	They shall all return to me in the end and they all came from me .
tr	I	The perimeter guard increasingly threatening and although he had agreed the plan Greg began to find the abandoned space between him .
tr	O	When Buck finally awoke the sun was still high in the sky but he was as refreshed as if he 'd slept the night through .
tr	O	It all made sense in some quirky way , but I still denied it openly .
tr	I	He didn 't push for an explanation , but the curt reply brought a hint of a raised eyebrow to Bobo 's face .
tr	O	He quickly shook his head yes and I released my grip .
tr	I	I was startled to realize I was breathless as well , and he sat up , breathless .
tr	O	He wanted to scramble under the car but the hand wouldn 't let him go .
tr	O	He should be used to it by now , but his temper still often got the best of him .
tr	O	My father finally resumed a normal life , and with the aid of Uncle Dave , he even went back to running his company .
tr	O	Moira stared at me , still frightened , but I had soothed her enough to get her to release her acid magic .
tr	O	His chest vibrated with what she knew must be a growl and he drew himself away from her .
tr	I	We don 't have time for that today but we also shoot a fair bit of trap .
tr	O	I could feel my eyes prickling , and there was no way on earth I was going to let him see me cry .
tr	O	Ari had bought it for him this morning on their stroll around the shops and Theo wore it proudly .
tr	I	I was going to stand by it , and I 'd told him I was going to quit .
tr	O	My eyes opened into thin slits , and the lights were too harsh .
tr	I	Then I decide I want it that way , and I hesitate because the shirt reveals my scars .
tr	I	She paused for a minute to enjoy its warmth , and the sun streamed through a crack in the canopy above onto that very spot .
tr	I	She doesn 't work here and they 're looking for Tabitha .
tr	O	Sort of , anyway , and pain was just part of life .
tr	I	My heart stopped and I saw him .
tr	O	Tears tumbled down her cheeks , and her breathing became choppy .
tr	I	You told me that you had gone home before the fire started and you are the only other person who was present when it happened .
tr	O	He felt something cross in front of him , and then a wide open space opened beside him .
tr	O	Hazel didn 't seem concerned with his behavior , but she never seemed to be unsettled by anything .
tr	O	She carefully removed one of the photos and on the back it stated Italy 1944 .
tr	O	The creature might sense him , but he couldn 't see him .
tr	I	Nothing came to me , but I concentrated hard .
tr	O	Every girl loved him , and I thought I didn 't have a chance .
tr	I	He is distracted by nothing but his glossy dark hair slants across his forehead .
tr	I	A bolt of black energy launched from its rotten fingertips and it shrieked .
tr	O	Nash loaded some in his cargo pockets and I carried a few in my hands .
tr	I	I touch a finger to my lips , hastily , but George 's eyes shift to me .
tr	O	So far he 's being a good sport , but he has no idea what I have in store for him .
tr	I	Several rows back spotted Grace and as he drew breath he looked into the crowd .
tr	I	She 'd been ostracized for it and maybe she 'd been associated with me already .
tr	O	I asked Han more questions about his family and he gave me a little more than he did earlier .
tr	I	It was frozen shut but someone tried the door .
tr	O	Fifteen minutes later , the garage door rumbled open , and he eased his vintage silver Porsche 911 to the edge of the driveway .
tr	O	Ava offered me a ride , but I decided to drive separately so I wouldn 't have to stay that long .
tr	O	The big iron door squeaks open and I prepare to swing .
tr	O	Wilfred is my secretary now , and he will be here to tell you what to do .
tr	O	The conversation stopped for awhile but we weren 't ready to sleep .
tr	O	That computer is clean , but Whitney has her work .
tr	I	At least I could live with it , or I 'd always been okay with him sleeping with women .
tr	O	An unpleasant feeling surged up , and the Red Lady grasped her horse 's mane in a tight fist that made the beast wince .
tr	I	By the third day the guy was getting bitchy because the work was going so slowly , but it 'd been all right for a couple days .
tr	O	She 'd missed him so much this week and heat was pooling between her thighs just thinking of the last time he 'd been inside of her .
tr	I	The view is refreshing and the baggage of the old is left behind .
tr	O	Your family has served well , but we cannot allow you to put the Spear in jeopardy .
tr	I	I don 't trust you and 'cause she likes you more than she wants to .
tr	O	Elena spotted me first , and I debated running away .
tr	I	His eyes couldn 't betray the warmth that he felt for his friend , but his tone was harsh .
tr	O	In immortal terms ten years wasn 't a particularly long time span but keeping a relationship that long had been a big deal to Angela .
tr	I	Evie wondered how he could be happy about it and ' Yeah , totally flattened , ' he smirked .
tr	O	All my memories of my mother 's last night came back to me , yet I remained quiet of those feelings .
tr	I	I felt uncomfortable , and it was dark .
tr	O	He looked at her briefly , and he looked surprised that she understood his pain .
tr	I	She was nowhere to be found , but I scurried out into the hallway , determined to explain things to Jenny .
tr	O	A sharp retort curled her tongue , but Melissa let it slide .
tr	I	Wink followed him down the bank of the river even while he was weaving between other Shades , but Arik tried to move away .
tr	O	She wasn 't very sincere in responding to my solicited compliment , but hey , I 'll take even the slightest praise at this point .
tr	O	It slid off his skin , leaving him untouched , but the demons screamed as their fur ignited .
tr	I	Her voice had a soft rasp that hadn 't yet gone away and it still hurt to swallow .
tr	I	She closed her eyes and Exhaustion finally won out .
tr	I	He was staring out toward the beach and his back was to me .
tr	I	There was no answer , but I rapped on it .
tr	I	It landed next to Eduard and the goblin lost his grip on his sword .
tr	I	I started relaxing into him and he started stroking my hair .
tr	O	The pain wasn 't bad , but there aren 't any chiropractors on Mars , so I wasn 't taking chances .
tr	O	She opened the door and I followed her inside .
tr	I	She saw him stop as something caught his attention , and she watched him stride toward the Liaison 's Office .
tr	O	There are a lot of street numbers , but only four street names appeared on the list .
tr	I	I take off running for him and my feet fly down the steps .
tr	O	The guests , however , began to laugh and Abigail joined them .
tr	O	Steph had a way of shifting conversational directions on a dime , and they were now talking about the new fall television season .
tr	O	With one glance it was obvious to whoever looked that he refused to enjoy himself , but for some reason I felt myself drawn to him .
tr	I	I 've got an appointment , and your place is on the way to my dentist .
tr	O	Timothy 's hands were burnt from the cable in the elevator and she could feel the damage on her forearm .
tr	O	He believed this firmly , or else he would have had the ship destroyed by any means necessary , long ago .
tr	O	I always wanted to meet her , but I guess that will never happen .
tr	I	Deb told her not to worry , but Sera told Deb about her concern .
tr	O	Sliding her legs across a non-existent mattress and dangling them over the non-existent edge .
tr	I	Her legs promptly gave out and Ever stood .
tr	O	She was living in the eye of a hurricane , and it was suddenly frightening .
tr	I	She wouldn 't listen , but I told your mother .
tr	I	She tried to formulate a response that would expose his illogic , and he was talking circles around her .
tr	I	I stretched out beside her , tucking her warm body close , and I got her under the covers .
tr	O	Nate conferred with the other Jets , but the planning didn 't impress him .
tr	O	Olga raises her hand and he calls on her .
tr	I	I found the key and she kept them in a locked case in her parlor .
tr	O	Jo-Jo had tried to explain to her that Madeline had passed away , but I didn 't know if Moira understood it .
tr	O	The lock clicked , and the door opened .
tr	O	I winced , expecting smoke , flames , screaming agony - the usual response when silver touched a werewolf in any form -- but nothing happened .
tr	I	She was still frightened , but he did not seem as menacing .
tr	O	You were the last person she was serious with and that was , five years ago ?
tr	I	I know that this is the beginning of something wonderful and I slide the shiny metal band on to his finger .
tr	I	He forced himself to check his anger and he saw the reports in his head .
tr	O	I guess I had made my choice and Winona was it .
tr	I	My heart pounded sluggishly , and there was a good chance the school would call home since I was missing my afternoon classes .
tr	I	He 'll stay so and he 's completely safe .
tr	O	He raised the knife toward the ceiling , and light sparked off it at the gesture .
tr	I	I felt like I was floating and I knew the smile on my face stretched from ear to ear .
tr	O	That Tristan is part of my past and I wonder how hard it 's going to be with Quinton , seeing a different side of him .
tr	I	She couldn 't help it , but she knew she sounded wild .
tr	O	I 'm not sure she 'd entirely forgiven me for abandoning the Queen yet , but at least she was talking to me again .
tr	O	She was tense , but as he rotated his thumbs across her skin , she relaxed .
tr	O	I tried to move her but she wouldn 't budge .
tr	I	His throat was raw and his voice was raspy .
tr	I	His eyes brightened , and a muscle flexed in his jaw .
tr	I	I didn 't sense any danger , but maybe Aura was right about walking into a trap .
tr	I	This time he pushes to his feet before circling around so that he 's standing in front of me , and Ethan pulls away from me again .
tr	O	We are brothers , and true brotherhood penetrates the skin to the soul .
tr	I	There was a shrill quality to the sound , but she laughed to show it was a joke .
tr	I	If she weren 't madly in love with someone else , she might have found the man attractive and she turned to the face behind the voice .
tr	I	She had to do it , but of course this was dangerous .
tr	O	She had been picturing big brother as a girl , and he certainly didn 't look like a scaly snake .
tr	I	We shook on it , and I stuck out my hand .
tr	I	She also knew she was biased , but of course she thought hers was one of the most important .
tr	I	I felt as if the only energy left inside of me was my tether , but I wished I could see his expression .
tr	I	He could see the light glinting on countless tiny pearls and she wore the same bloodstained negligee .
tr	O	His voice falters , but he quickly recovers .
tr	O	Marionette 's tone has turned stern and I look at her in surprise .
tr	O	He supposed he ought to feel grateful to Haworth but he didn 't .
tr	I	He rocked her a little more , and soft laughter floated from his mouth .
tr	O	and shouldn 't be thinking about such things , but it was hard to regard herself as wedded .
tr	O	However , there was nothing alarming about what Chris had written , but the thought made her excitement palpable .
tr	I	The wound was on his head , but Jax was trying to be tough .
tr	O	School went by so fast that day , but the haze I kept experiencing kept coming back .
tr	O	Bunch of shots came all at once , but they only saw the one .
tr	I	Her face went blank and Maria looked at him .
tr	O	David had not asked for Shelton to come , and he sure as heck didn 't ask to be forced to spend every day with him .
tr	I	More importantly , she needed someone she could trust to listen and she needed to talk .
tr	I	The idea came to him right out of his bones , and he brought his hand up , with his own blood .
tr	O	He purred and I hit him in the arm .
tr	I	The cargo door slid open , and the Athena touched down with a soft tremor .
tr	I	His shoulder was twisted to give him momentum and his right leg was bent forward .
tr	O	He tried to knee Kevin , but Kevin crushed him against the wall with his own body .
tr	O	I know the Heart doesn 't look very far from here , but it actually is .
tr	O	The boy barely had whiskers to shave , and yet they 'd sent him out to chase a madman .
tr	O	I wanted to scream as my torso hit the biting cold , but as soon as I was in , my head went under .
tr	O	Davis was on his feet as soon as the first tear fell , and he put comforting arms around Leigh as she poured out her sorrow .
tr	I	Then plundered the warm heat of her mouth , seeking out every corner , and he sucked it into his mouth .
tr	I	I wasn 't complaining , but I preferred salad dressing over mayonnaise on my tuna .
tr	O	Jolene was a perfectionist and I was used to her obsessive compulsive ways .
tr	I	Nobody quite felt like Savannah , but sure , he had dated a few girls in the last two years .
tr	O	The void outside immediately sucked out all the loose items in the craft , and the atmosphere inside it created a small explosion of junk .
tr	O	Her mind told her to leave but her feet were immobile as she continued to take in the man with all of his incredible strength .
tr	O	I was totally lost , and I had no idea how much I needed you until you walked through my door .
tr	O	Melissa sat up and the springs squeaked .
tr	I	I got a look at him , and he walked out of the shadows .
tr	O	The emotion in my chest exploded and I understood it now .
tr	O	I 've turned lying into an art , Mr Groat , and you 're just a talented amateur .
tr	O	Kat still looked a little red in the face , and it took everything in me not to tease her mercilessly about it .
tr	I	It would take a few years but sure they could fly to Mars .
tr	O	Second thoughts started building , but then she remembered how badly she wanted to get to the bottom of everything .
tr	O	Zeal , of course , had a different perspective , and she made her sentiment clear .
tr	I	Yet she couldn 't prevent the automatic rush of concern , and his well-being no longer had anything to do with her .
tr	I	Seeing the kids again will calm him down , and his head will clear once we are out in the woods .
tr	I	She wasn 't there either and he sprinted to the nearby restaurant .
tr	O	It made him take a new look at who he had been , and he didn 't like what he saw .
tr	I	It was at himself that he directed his anger but he was pissed .
tr	I	You cannot change what I am , but you can be my everything .
tr	I	I kept my eyes pulled shut until she left my room without another word , but mom seemed to be waiting , watching ... minutes passed .
tr	O	He listened intently , and then he heard a faint movement on the window ledge .
tr	I	I grew bored and it was a slow day .
tr	O	Dean 's totally into her , but she 's not having it .
tr	O	Catching her arm , he prevented her from leaving , but she wouldn 't face him .
tr	O	I 'd never seen that side of him , and I didn 't want to believe it had always been there .
tr	I	He didn 't question , but Eddie 's brow furrowed .
tr	I	The greatest empire was ready to be born , and our democracy 's life was ending .
tr	O	She adored the older woman , but a lesson was in order .
tr	O	I stiffened , and he stopped with a sigh .
tr	O	It was a red eighteen wheeler and its box trailer indicated frozen meats .
tr	I	I wasn 't and once again I had the unsettling feeling that he was grown up .
tr	I	His features hold something unreadable , but his tone is amused .
tr	O	They might be hiding out somewhere , but her youngest is terminally ill .
tr	I	I did my best to hold it in but a deep rage started to build inside me .
tr	I	There was a wall filled with filing cabinets on the side of the room and the desk was covered in lots of paperwork .
tr	O	# Henry didn 't know how he 'd gotten there , but he found himself on a deserted street glazed with ice .
tr	O	It was my business , and mine alone .
tr	O	Ash held out a hand , and I let him pull me to my feet .
tr	I	I jumped up to help her and Mrs. Johnson bustled into the room with a large tray .
tr	O	He started talking and she had to concentrate to hear his words , because on the inside all she could hear was her heart breaking .
tr	I	It was all I could do not to launch myself into his arms , and the wind gently blew , wafting his scent in my direction .
tr	I	It had all been in my head , and obviously there wasn 't anything there .
tr	O	He had just left her to her own devices , and this was always the end result .
tr	I	I barely felt it , but wind whipped around us .
tr	O	It took me years to save it , but now you have it .
tr	O	He straightened , standing , and his grip on her wrist pulled her up as well .
tr	I	I drop the stick and terror courses through me .
tr	O	She didn 't , but she felt obliged to say something .
tr	I	His spicy aftershave was even better close up , and he tasted faintly of the whiskey he 'd had a few hours ago .
tr	I	Some shapes resolved out of the glare , but it was hard for Fintan to see .
tr	O	A jagged tooth of rock bites sharply into my back , and pain shoots from my ribs to my shoulder .
tr	O	Steven called , but nothing stirred .
tr	O	I gulped hard , but the knot was firmly planted in my throat with no intention of budging .
tr	I	Some will pour and some will slice .
tr	O	I showed her how to fill it and she headed out the door .
tr	I	That 's bad for both of us , and he already knows I care about Rachel .
tr	O	Please help me help him with this transformation , and we thank You for Your love for us .
tr	O	I know your parents like the back of my hand , and of course , I know you .
tr	O	I have this room that appears not to exist and I think ghosts are living in there ?
tr	I	Yet he wasn 't satisfied , and he 'd gotten what he wanted .
tr	I	In the next moment , slid into his seat and Jared shut the door .
tr	I	It was so heavy now but I tried to lift it .
tr	O	Sure , I wouldn 't disappear if I lost a few pounds , but I was happy with my body .
tr	O	He was so serious , and he kept his eyes straight ahead , driving in complete silence .
tr	O	I go to jump as his skin touches mine , but strangely , at the last second , I don 't .
tr	O	I nod in response and she 's quiet for a minute .
tr	I	That had completely thrown her off her game and she 'd felt Matt watching her all night .
tr	I	She hated flying and it was exhausting .
tr	I	I haven 't been given a key and the door is normally locked up tight anyway .
tr	I	I had an ironclad promise from Edward that I would not be subjected to that again , but the big dance was this coming weekend .
tr	I	Dirk looked at it for a moment , and Aaron handed him the sheathed dagger .
tr	O	Peggy sighed , and Bob sensed that she was nervous .
tr	O	His warm breath trekked over her face , and she tried to hold her own breath .
tr	O	At least I 'm at the controls and I 've got the chart before me .
tr	O	They were just words , but his gentle tone conveyed so much more .
tr	I	I leaned heavily against him , panting , and we moved to sit on the edge of the stage together .
tr	O	I felt his body relax a few minutes later and I quickly followed him to sleep .
tr	O	We make them both think we 're allied with them , but we hold back our support .
tr	I	We headed toward the entrance , and I took his arm again .
tr	O	I 'd have been really disappointed , yeah , but I couldn 't have held anything against him .
tr	I	I guess that means we 've won this important race , and we are the first to reach the great outer space .
tr	O	It was always a stupid father joke to me though , but he was right .
tr	I	She 'd really be in trouble , or Thank God he had such a gruff personality .
tr	I	He didn 't turn around , but he stopped where he was .
tr	O	She heard the hesitation in his voice and she imagined him realising that criticising her wasn 't the best lead in to a favour .
tr	O	The light is bad , but from my view , the image makes it look like a customer could walk right into his painting .
tr	O	His hair was spiky , like he 'd been running his hands through it , and his eyes flashed with anger .
tr	I	As he came through the side door , his attention was drawn to the garden , and he parked in the garage when he got home .
tr	O	Many were single , and many were unmarried .
tr	O	It stopped a few meters from me , and I closed the distance , slowly , arm outstretched , lolly on palm .
tr	O	Little shops offering sandwiches , and sweet meats flashed past .
tr	I	It would have to wait until the morrow , but she had intended to tell him about Stephen .
tr	O	I knew how hard it was for me , and I felt like dying .
tr	O	I had someone to talk to and he kept up with me well .
tr	O	They were outnumbered and he had to imagine that Craig had sent some of his best men to take the ship .
tr	O	The song ended and the crowd cheered .
tr	I	I love you more every day because of it , and you 're flawed just like the rest of us .
tr	I	The day got later and the temperature was cooling as shadows grew longer .
tr	O	Peering down at her , I opened my mouth to say something , but there were no words .
tr	I	It was appealing , but maybe it wasn 't luxurious .
tr	I	Something made her heart nearly stop , but she began to turn away again .
tr	O	The other hand rested by her hip , palm up , and her spectacles were on the side table across the room .
tr	I	You weren 't , but everyone else is too scared to stand up to her .
tr	O	He was too much of a gentleman to take her to his own bed , yet the rest of the house reflected this impersonal space .
tr	I	We 'll have to stop making the jeans and my supervisor reckons our budget will be cut soon .
tr	I	He was nowhere to be found , but I had been hoping Max would be there so I could tell him all about the weekend .
tr	I	I push them away , but the images keep coming .
tr	O	My heart compressed at the sound of Caleb 's name and I wanted to scream at her for saying that .
tr	I	He didn 't go without a fight , but he should be regarded as much a deserter as all the others .
tr	O	I don 't know if this is love , and I don 't think Colby does , either .
tr	I	I was afraid my schooling was showing and I noticed Mr. Crutchfield 's quiet interest .
tr	O	I still didn 't know exactly what had been done to Mack , but I wasn 't sure I wanted to .
tr	I	Tomas had known him well , but he was old enough to just remember the physician 's existence .
tr	I	In their summer suits they make quite a pair , and it had been commissioned of the brothers last spring .
tr	I	I couldn 't move through it either , but I couldn 't feel it .
tr	O	My life at the time was a bit mixed up and a distraction promised to be a good remedy .
tr	O	This is all pretty new to me and I want to understand how things work .
tr	O	You 're still in last night 's work clothes , and you never made it to your room last night .
tr	I	He 's talking and he 's got his phone .
tr	I	There may be similarities between the two of you but I know you have never seen a photo of him .
tr	O	I had been feeling down all day and I was trying to cheer myself up .
tr	I	He still hadn 't managed to not make the powder fly everywhere when he was using it , but Simon could change a diaper expertly .
tr	I	Her slender hands were settled in her lap , and her hair was still pooled around her shoulders .
tr	O	The longer they waited the more distinct the sounds became , and Sam knew that something was moving .
tr	I	Now they were all that was left in his meager life , and whatever the reason , the survivors looked to him for guidance .
tr	O	I was here to meet someone , and if she made it far enough to find me , I would know she was neither .
tr	O	Allie looked to Milos , but he just shrugged .
tr	O	When Cy 's feet contact the cement landing , the flashlight is turned away and the hatch closed .
tr	I	Obviously they 'd managed it so far , but she hadn 't thought it possible in the darkness .
tr	I	I felt cool currents of air wash over me and the environmental temperature levels in my suit adjusted accordingly .
tr	O	The wedding rehearsal is tonight , and I don 't see how we can call it off .
tr	O	He might trip , and he had to lead the rats as far away as possible from everybody .
tr	I	Neither were they locked , so opening them was no trouble , but there was no doorknob on the door , on any doors .
tr	I	Darcy 's face flooded with color and he asked .
tr	O	Not this again , I knew exactly what was about to happen and I had to stop the fog quickly .
tr	I	They 're going to keep him overnight , but he 's getting a breathing treatment now .
tr	I	It was as if his power grew , but his eyes held sparks of all those colors .
tr	I	Her eyes move to my hair and my mom looks back at me .
tr	I	The turnips vile and the sausages smelled delicious .
tr	I	Her knuckles cracked as well , but the McGill squeezed Allie 's hand so hard , not only did the cookie shatter .
tr	O	I wanted to call her so badly , but I didn 't know what to say .
tr	O	That I wasn 't different , and I did well with it .
tr	O	My heart raced , and my blood pounded .
tr	O	It meant so much to her and she couldn 't hide it .
tr	O	She sat down at her desk and no more than five minutes later , her buzzer was ringing .
tr	O	Her lips are parted and her face is turned slightly toward me , putting her ear closer to my mouth so she can better hear me .
tr	I	He just gives me one of those side smiles , and I say his name .
tr	O	The green grass ended and the land abruptly dropped straight down .
tr	I	There was no title on the spine , but it had a purple leather cover .
tr	O	I said , and my mother squeezed my hand , a silent command to stop talking .
tr	O	The floor was coming up at me fast , but I wasn 't going to hit it .
tr	I	So far , she hadn 't , but she 'd said she would call .
tr	O	Charlie explained his thinking to Kate and she agreed they could risk a daytime excursion to a restaurant .
tr	O	He contemplated this , but there was no way he could refuse .
tr	O	It was chilly outside and neither one of us had jackets on .
tr	I	Instead they softened , melted , and the fury left her eyes .
tr	O	I was Stanley Jnr and I 'd already made my contribution .
tr	O	The prisoner threw an uppercut into his stomach , but the marked man had lost his interest in dodging punches .
tr	O	He was fresh meat and it was more than obvious that they were interested in him .
tr	O	The brightness of the flashes forced him to shut his eyes and at that moment , he felt the searing pain of electricity passing through his body .
tr	I	She gave a weak nod , but she was still scared out of her mind .
tr	O	Abby beamed at her and Summer arched an eyebrow .
tr	I	I felt the same for them , and I knew that either of these fellows would die defending me .
tr	I	Thankfully , Sabrina wasn 't around wielding a gun , and Marcus was waiting for me just inside the door .
tr	O	You did not put the gun in her hand and you were not the one who took someone hostage .
tr	I	Her eyes lit up but her smile was wavering .
tr	I	I kissed the top of his head and my fingers wove into his thick hair .
tr	O	At first she ran into her room , but he told her she couldn 't run .
tr	O	Her voice trails off and she is silent for a moment .
tr	O	The boys had pedal cars in the basement , and she had made ' garages ' out of refrigerator boxes she had acquired .
tr	O	I can 't contain it and I just want to laugh .
tr	I	I could also help free her , but that not only could I help put my mom behind bars .
tr	O	Alec sensed a shiver of wariness move across her mind , but he couldn 't read the details .
tr	O	The woodland canopy offered some protection , but Hank was growing more certain that the hunters were tracking them by body heat , using infrared .
tr	O	The guards glanced at each other but their resolve didn 't change .
tr	I	She preferred outrageous miniskirts and he wore conservative suits .
tr	O	He called in sick and we left without him .
tr	O	I 've been waiting for half an hour and the performance starts in ten minutes .
tr	I	He kept coming back , but I kept dodging him .
tr	O	We get out and it appears that no one ´ s detected our arrival .
tr	O	Dread spiked , and she experienced a rush of dizziness .
tr	I	Bringing you back was more important , but we knew there would be dangers .
tr	I	He sat across from me , putting my legs over his powerful thighs and I was pulled up to a sitting position .
tr	O	This line of discussion was strange , but Reginald liked it .
tr	O	Somehow she knew I wasn 't dead and she was determined to bring me out of hiding .
tr	I	Her horror deepened and he brought the other one up .
tr	O	My first inclination had been to deny it , but as we continued to stare at each other , anger took hold .
tr	I	I felt nothing and my hands were inside the rock .
tr	I	It fell apart in my hands and I clutched the shirt to me .
tr	I	The sudden silence felt ominous , but she liked the new delay feature that let the music stay on after the engine was off .
tr	I	His shoulders were back , and his smile was huge .
tr	I	He was back to me , and there was a quick pause .
tr	I	He was gone , but Kelly looked back at Steve !
tr	I	The pairs changed , too , and at last the music changed .
tr	I	He would cherish them always , and these books were his mother 's treasures .
tr	O	I didn 't remember him sitting next to me , but here he was .
tr	O	It 's not easy to get time off when you 're your own boss , but it 's a lot more rewarding .
tr	I	I shuffled my feet to answer it and the room phone rang .
tr	O	A scream of frustration tore through me and my arm dropped to my side .
tr	O	She was a Seeker , though , and Seekers were supposed to be perceptive .
tr	I	She couldn 't break through my defenses either - but I couldn 't hurt her - not seriously .
tr	O	She had a couple more spots to fill , but so far the team was filling out nicely .
tr	O	She removed her hand from mine and I found Fabian frowning at me .
tr	I	She could do something about it , or she could keep protesting the crap being shoveled her way .
tr	I	A couple people standing nearby glanced at us curiously , but the room was too noisy for most to notice .
tr	I	He handed them to me and I crossed to pick them up .
tr	O	It was finally time to leave India , and I knew exactly where I had go .
tr	I	None of it is true , and I can see it clearly .
tr	O	The strength of his arm lent comfort and she leaned into the curve of his bicep .
tr	O	She turned on the television but the daytime programs were dull .
tr	I	Thumbing rides with anyone who came through town and cutting herself .
tr	O	I didn 't speak to them , and they didn 't speak to me .
tr	I	He gave no peeks into his soul for guidance and still she didn 't understand this man at all .
tr	I	Her bag snagged on something , but she tried to ease her way past the Youth Mission Adventures table .
tr	I	I sat next to him on the bed and he moved over .
tr	I	They dropped whatever they were holding , and all colors drained from their faces .
tr	I	Rei stepped through and the door opened .
tr	I	She isn 't there , but I search the shelves .
tr	I	His gaze didn 't leave hers , but the man nodded back .
tr	I	Then I stumble onto something interesting , but the first few chapters are insignificant .
tr	I	I knew it was no use , but I wanted to cry out .
tr	O	I had a blanket over me and I was lying on the sofa .
tr	O	She didn 't mean to lash out , exactly , but Lucia 's careful , measured voice had pissed her off .
tr	I	A smile crossed his face and Johnny listened to the reply .
tr	I	John 's eyes flicked to where he knew a camera watched , and Mark had his fingers figuratively crossed .
tr	O	Her legs flailed over the side of the ledge and she slid into nothingness .
tr	I	Another idea came to mind , but I considered continually blasting the lich with bolts .
tr	I	I sensed there was more to his words than he was telling me and a look crossed Trevor 's face .
tr	I	My brain can 't think of one thing to say to piss her off so she 'll run and my lips refuse to work .
tr	I	Kat knew Hale wasn 't going to let her near the edge , and fury faded .
tr	O	I leaned into her and she took a step back .
tr	I	I didn 't know it , but there was probably a great story .
tr	I	She was not surprised by it , but Cassie was disheartened by Chris 's assessment .
tr	O	It was Christmas Eve and she was feeling in the mood .
tr	O	I ask and he chuckles .
tr	O	When he pulled back again , he was breathless and she was shaking from head to toe .
tr	O	The mayor is happy and the chief is happy .
tr	O	There were other sounds that she 'd thought she 'd imagined , but now she wondered if she truly did hear a limited number of things .
tr	I	I cut her off , but Lea opened her mouth .
tr	I	I smiled , but I said .
tr	O	Someone behind her was still bidding , but Gretchen didn 't dare turn around .
tr	O	She knew that she should pull away , that she was only rattling his control , but she could not move .
tr	O	His mouth pulled from my nipple with a suckling sound and he met my eyes .
tr	O	That got a reaction from Karla and she leant forward , eyes widening as she lowered her glass to the table .
tr	O	Dragging it out would not make it easier for either of them , but he couldn 't bear the sadness in her eyes .
tr	I	I had shared and it made me flash back to the conversation Iris .
tr	I	He thought it looked quite primitive for a space faring civilization , but he didn 't say it .
tr	O	Maybe that was enough to trust him ... and I wanted to trust him , wanted to believe that someone might be on my side .
tr	I	His hands settled on my ass , and I slumped over , breathing hard .
tr	I	Just pray oxygen made it to my brain and I had to force the air into my lungs .
tr	I	She still hadn 't done her thing and he 'd been at it for a solid forty minutes .
tr	O	Carson was sure he could get me through it , but I wasn 't as confident .
tr	O	He hadn 't said he loved her , but he 'd mentioned possibilities .
tr	O	The stern expression on his face relaxed and he touched the rim of his ball cap .
tr	I	I squeeze them together to ease the sudden ache there , and heat pools between my thighs .
tr	O	He offered me a holiday anywhere in the world , and I suppose you already guess which place I named .
tr	O	She thought hard , and maybe she did remember something after all .
tr	O	His face was flushed , and he was starting to slur his words .
tr	I	I did not dare plead but I wanted him to stay .
tr	I	Suddenly here he was , pushing his way back into her life and they 'd gone for months without any contact .
tr	I	It always seems to comfort religious fanatics of whatever stripe , but I 've never understood the idea behind choral chanting .
tr	O	Bonnie had dropped her celery , gasping , and Matt had choked on his Coke , going into a coughing fit .
tr	I	I ran my hands over his back feeling only the faintest hint of two lines and Levi obliged .
tr	I	She 'd scratched my face , and I 'd hit the baron 's girl .
tr	I	His tone was conversational , but his words were crude .
tr	O	I glance in the direction she 's looking , but the blinds are down .
tr	O	I gave him a look but he just nodded .
tr	O	We were best friends , but she didn 't expect anything from me .
tr	I	She wanted to know the reason for his divorce , but Louisa knew from personal experience that anyone could find themselves trapped in a hellish marriage .
tr	O	Katherine looked at the plate in front of him and her eyes widened .
tr	I	I 'm going to pretend I didn 't hear it , but he claims you put him up to stealing the feathers .
tr	I	It was hard to see anything clearly through the deluge of her sorrow , but she recognized him vaguely as he came closer .
tr	O	Macon had complained about AJ more than a few times , but I doubt he ever considered she 'd be actual competition .
tr	O	The McDonalds window girl shouldn 't have been that perky at this hour , but she was .
tr	I	I doubted even a blow horn would wake her and she was a heavy sleeper .
tr	O	He waved a hand at the empty side of the booth , and I slid into it .
tr	O	He seems irritated , and bored .
tr	O	Of course I would come back , but I wasn 't sure what I 'd be coming back to .
tr	I	At his second , I put my arms around him , but I tried to push him away when he made his first pass .
tr	O	An unbelievable peace has blanketed the valley for nearly three months , but how long will it last ?
tr	I	The moment was short-lived , but she looked wistful as old memories brought a small smile to her face .
tr	O	Carolyn pushed Emily away , and Emily slammed against the back wall .
tr	I	He returned her firm handshake with his own , but her eyes made him feel a little uncomfortable .
tr	I	His grin deepens and he laughs suddenly .
tr	I	I had a good idea of her reactions anyway , but I don 't know Clarissa .
tr	O	Her gaze darkened again , and she closed her eyes .
tr	I	I take care of them , and what matters is they take care of me on the ice .
tr	O	She wanted to think she was above such shallowness , but she didn 't really know that much about herself .
tr	I	His sending the girl Lisa in to plant the camera and she explained to Creek about Eggleston 's militia , about his visit to the pawnshop .
tr	I	I know what he 's going to say , and I know what I 'm going to say .
tr	I	Auron 's hands were still cuffed and the gridded door closed .
tr	I	We will never be happy together , but I couldn 't be more grateful for all you 've done for me .
tr	I	It sure as hell was better than many kids had to endure , but her childhood hadn 't been perfect .
tr	O	I 'd come a long way , but I wasn 't quite there yet .
tr	I	I don 't feel scared , but I stare into his eyes .
tr	O	The footman closed the door , and Victoria heard it latch in place .
tr	I	She nodded and Paige 's eyes grew wide .
tr	I	What I did know was this : Jesus Christ was here , but I didn 't know .
tr	I	It would surely come to life near sunset but it appeared lifeless this early in the morning .
tr	O	You get this sorted and you get it sorted soon !
tr	O	She 'd already had one bout of tears today , and that was one too many .
tr	I	Lifting them quickly enough , nor she was not thrusting her feet down briskly enough .
tr	O	He didn 't want to return to reality , but the urgency of the journey he soon had to make pressed upon him .
tr	I	He knew the patrol patterns , but getting back in would be tricky .
tr	I	I was pissed , so now it was about torturing him , but at the time the thought hadn 't been to torture him .
tr	O	I shouldn 't have laughed , but I couldn 't help myself .
tr	I	As usual , I was being asked about ... my bodyguard , and here I was , I thought wryly , glowing all over the place .
tr	O	Inspector Fellows had resumed his hat , but he remained on the edge of the crowd , watching every person walk by .
tr	I	I think it 's a win-win for you , but I know you can get more on auction .
tr	I	Now she nodded , but she 'd been studying him as he 'd spoken .
tr	I	I 've been real to you from the get-go , but listen , my life 's a mess you don 't need to get mixed up in .
tr	O	He was trapped and there was nothing he could do about it .
tr	O	Maybe that was just wishful thinking , but it gave me some hope .
tr	I	She was a little annoyed , but Kelly knew Mike meant to encourage her .
tr	O	He 'd seen it in her dreams , but nothing could prepare him for the reality .
tr	O	All heads turn to me , but I can 't help it .
tr	O	Eris looked strangely vulnerable for a moment and I wondered , just briefly , if she did possess a conscience after all .
tr	O	She didn 't make Azalea feel better but she did have a point .
tr	I	We were conscripted into it , and we never wanted this fight .
tr	O	Fear climbed up Kylie 's spine and she knew whatever was happening to the woman was terrible .
tr	O	Darcy 's breath came out in a whoosh and she couldn 't believe how relieved she was .
tr	I	Peter had been fun at one point , but it was really hard to remember now .
tr	O	His blond hair was plastered against his head , but he didn 't look wet .
tr	O	She immediately wanted to run as far away as she could , but Kiera 's words sounded in her head , telling her to just dive in .
tr	O	Brand rolls his eyes , but I ignore him as I move .
tr	O	Mom said Izzy didn 't talk until she was three , but she didn 't have another baby to compare her with .
tr	O	There was a heavy thud that made me think of the sound of the knife burying itself in Humboldt 's skull , and then the cook screamed .
tr	O	Spike had a pretty good idea what was inside and he wasn 't ready to be his next victim .
tr	I	He quickly pulled out and I gagged once accidentally .
tr	I	My wrists are fastened down , but I try to reach out .
tr	I	His face got covered in cold sweat and a chill ran down the thug 's spine .
tr	O	Her strawberry blond hair was stick straight under her black beanie , and once again I heard Raptor talking to himself under his breath .
tr	I	She brushed it away , but Gill placed his hand on her shoulder .
tr	I	The driver instructed us in his best attempt at English to enter through a small alley door and we pulled up to Bellissima .
tr	O	You need some exercise , fresh air , and to clear your head .
tr	I	He didn 't get distracted , and Gel played the songs she wanted , the way she wanted them played .
tr	O	Rend wouldn 't mind killing them , but he didn 't want to expend the energy .
tr	O	I narrow my eyes at him , but it 's more playful than annoyed .
tr	O	Baby Geoffrey suckled forcibly enough that it cost Heather some pain and her breasts were all too soon empty .
tr	I	She was clearly furious , but Mrs. Price continued speaking in a low voice .
tr	I	He scared me and I was silent .
tr	I	That 's how she likes it , but it 's likely tepid by now .
tr	I	I 'll get you some clothes and you get a couple small toys .
tr	O	Three days after he left , the mercury dropped below freezing and I was happy to have Nicky cuddling next to me on the bed every night .
tr	I	What I mostly felt was fear , but I felt some sympathy for my visitor .
tr	I	His expression was guarded , and I turned to Dasher .
tr	I	The door slides closed and he gestures us inside .
tr	O	A single , wavy birch tree rested in the center of the courtyard , and small cobblestone paths wound through a grassy lawn .
tr	I	I could see that it was standing on the water , but the shimmering water made it hard to discern any details .
tr	O	It took a lot for me to draw Nova and I only got there because she means something to me .
tr	O	She left our tablets unlocked so we can take notes but of course we are using our freedom for something much more worthy .
tr	I	Right now it was just after school , but she 'd got away with it yesterday !
tr	O	I kept my eyes closed , but my ears open .
tr	O	Her legs grasped him tighter and her wet muscles contracted around him .
tr	I	On each of the glass shelves are hundreds of angel figurines , and a massive hutch sits behind it .
tr	O	He 'd just left her bed a couple of hours ago and she wanted him again already .
tr	O	She had walked back into the kitchen , but Brennan followed her .
tr	I	Somehow Preston had missed it , but the placating grin that deepened Vince 's dimples should 've given him away .
tr	I	The young elf was more sensitive it seemed , but he had been through worse in his time .
tr	O	I tweak her ribs playfully , and she spins into me .
tr	O	I don 't know how I could have forgotten how much he was drinking toward the end , but I had .
tr	O	Both meanings suited the general population of non Harmonics , and Severance was a fine example .
tr	O	The rest of the company sat silent around the table , and Reuben found himself watching in fascination .
tr	O	Republican leaders in Washington have been calling on the president to address the situation , but so far the White House is mum .
tr	I	He was not quite sure what to make of it , and he had not foreseen this .
tr	I	Perhaps she was ignoring her feelings because of his disability , or she did not feel it , though .
tr	O	His helmet had been removed and the visor was heavily cracked .
tr	O	I fall , but he catches me .
tr	I	It will prey on my mind and I 'll know if you don 't .
tr	I	Daniel telegraphed to say he was on his way , and Cameron was there , summoned from Berkshire by telegram .
tr	I	It wasn 't working , but he tried to open his mouth to ask her if she was okay .
tr	I	A couple of them fell unconscious onto the deck , and several more sailors suffered terrible blows from the flailing oars .
tr	I	Then he 'd always thrived on a challenge at work , but juggling his workload while winning Marianna over would be difficult .
tr	O	She laughed and I looked back up at her .
tr	O	I looked to Talbott but he just smiled .
tr	I	He shakes his head and Doctor Hartman 's eye narrows .
tr	I	Tristan 's wariness gave way to bewilderment , and the tone held warmth , not threat .
tr	I	Her trench coat and she put them on .
tr	O	They 're starting to dig in , and they 'll challenge anyone who tries to take her away from them .
tr	O	I watched as he winced lightly , and I sloppily wiped my tears away .
tr	O	Then the sun set , and suddenly I was stressed .
tr	I	The waitress comes , but she opens her mouth to protest .
tr	I	I 've been overheating lately , especially in the mornings , but I 'm not sure why .
tr	O	Duke felt almost guilty laughing , but he couldn 't help it .
tr	I	She 'd gotten the job done , but she 'd been scared each time , her hands trembling .
tr	I	Now the luncheon rush in a blur and he had gone through the morning .
tr	I	There looked to be about fifty of them , and all around him were boys about his age .
tr	I	He knew , and Tolliver was my oracle .
tr	I	She had paid attention to him on more than one occasion , and she was so beautiful .
tr	O	At first , he rebooted the program , but the large blotches of rather hot activity remained .
tr	I	Alissa 's dad was there to greet us and the door opened .
tr	O	Jane Myers used to imitate her in the cook room and we 'd die laughing .
tr	O	He was just doin ' his job , but that probably won 't matter to them .
tr	O	The rattle of dishes died down and conversation fell to a soft hush .
tr	I	He was making it very hard , but I didn 't want to remember .
tr	I	I feel bad for him and somewhere that man is crying like his heart is broken .
tr	O	She hated the fact that she still sounded like a thwarted child , but she couldn 't pretend this wasn 't hard .
tr	O	I pressed my lips together , and I calmed the hell down .
tr	O	I wanted to believe that such a thing couldn 't ever happen , but Ben always had a way of swaying me with his words .
tr	O	Lola squirmed , trying to shake my hand off , but she wasn 't getting rid of me that easily .
tr	O	He was very muscular and his build would just glide between her legs as if made from the same oil his coat seemed to glean of .
tr	O	I 'm older and I 'm carrying a lot of shit around .
tr	I	There was no mistake , but the magazine was missing .
tr	I	She could definitely see the allure of it and she 'd never really been considered entertaining before .
tr	O	She went about prepping dinner and I smiled softly at her before finishing my task of making us coffee .
tr	O	My heart was pounding , and a tiny voice inside was warning me not to do it , not to get close .
tr	I	She stared at me , licking her lips , but the tall blonde took a step toward Keith .
tr	I	That didn 't make it right for him to stoop to her level , but the woman herself had done this very thing to others .
tr	O	His green eyes were sparkling with amusement and a lock of brown hair fell onto his forehead , making him look rakish .
tr	I	You know it and it 's terribly unfair to her .
tr	I	That didn 't seem to matter , but he couldn 't trust her .
tr	O	His black dreadlocks pointed in all directions , making him look like a wild man and self-inflicted scars on his face implied a certain kind of madness .
tr	O	He jumped on and they were off .
tr	I	The intercom was useless and Brian shouted into the intercom , momentarily forgetting that his own plane was now as dead as the rest of them .
tr	O	Buzz ' birdie attempt was inches short and he tapped in for his par .
tr	I	She was determined not to let it show , but her heart was still pounding from the scare .
tr	O	Murder didn 't faze this guy , but apparently my taste in fiction did .
tr	O	Firing is the easiest solution , with a severance package , but you 're going to have to get that past Bianca .
tr	O	Mum knew how to fight , but she wasn 't a fighter .
tr	O	They haven 't been officially released from the youth program yet , but this volunteer program is their first step toward that .
tr	I	He didn 't , but she waited for him to make a joke out of her admission .
tr	I	She waited until they were alone in the suite , and they returned to the hotel in silence .
tr	I	No sounds came out , but she opened her mouth .
tr	I	Now the naked man was crouched over the woman 's face , but that would 've been bad enough on its own .
tr	O	Tom suspected the killer had hid the bodies of the girls in the vast wilderness , and they have never been located to this day .
tr	I	She was covering her bases , but it was a long shot .
tr	O	She walked down to the kitchen to get a glass of milk before bed and she ran into Jaiden who was eating left overs at the counter .
tr	I	She wrenched herself over to her new position on the wall and her weight shifted .
tr	O	He 'd been asking all day , but he always got the same answer .
tr	I	I would have really let my imagination run wild and it was about time too - any longer .
tr	O	Claire 's eyes began to water , and I felt a twist of guilt .
tr	O	She dropped her plastic lighter and it clattered to the floor .
tr	I	I 'd also ordered one of my frigates to follow her from orbit and the agents were all very experienced .
tr	I	A headache flared up immediately , and Stars spun in her eyes .
tr	I	She dug her nails into his back , and he began to unbutton the buttons on her blouse .
tr	O	Abe stands there , still dressed in black , but now his face is different .
tr	O	He almost took her hand , but thankfully he came to his senses before he did something careless .
tr	I	She 'd found an exceptionally large amount of driftwood , but she usually tried to break her finds into smaller loads .
tr	I	He 'd made trusting him impossible , and he was the first person she 'd wanted to trust in years .
tr	I	She was watching to in front of herself and she stopped at the door for more seconds .
tr	O	He 'd begged Marty , and Marty had reluctantly agreed .
tr	O	I was trying to eat healthy and junk food was the only thing he brought .
tr	I	Some of the things she 'd heard in the past still made her blush but Pearl considered herself fairly liberal .
tr	I	I blush when I realize my heart rate has spiked during our conversation about Gage and it gives me a reading of all my vitals .
tr	O	The day of the appointment arrived and Amy found herself nervous .
tr	I	He was thankful as well , but fear tingled in his chest .
tr	O	There was also a time limit on the course , and if a rider 's time came in above it , they would be disqualified .
tr	O	His hands lift up above his head , glorifying the valley , and when he lowers his hands to his sides , clouds appear in the heavens .
tr	I	He wouldn 't even know it and it might be the next day .
tr	O	I start toward the door , and someone appears in my path .
tr	O	There was a grating rumble , then a click , and part of the back wall swung open .
tr	I	It was more than that , but she could handle their boyish antics seeking her attention .
tr	I	I followed him upstairs and he passed by me .
tr	O	It was nicer than Hank deserved , but I had an ulterior motive .
tr	O	I wonder if I felt this way on our actual first date and I 'd give anything just to know .
tr	O	I heard my own harsh cry and I was on my knees next to Rene in a flash .
tr	I	The steam is starting to lessen and he 's not twitching no more .
tr	I	I was wrong ... But it told me that it could guarantee victory for us .
tr	I	He didn 't know what came over him and he saw her bare breasts loose within the shadow of the fabric .
tr	I	It was a halfhearted effort , but he tried to shove the animal off him .
tr	O	It wasn 't the temperature for outdoor loving , and I was completely dressed .
tr	O	A servant showed me to my quarters , and I sat in the small , chilly room waiting for Ash to find me again .
tr	I	Dee fixed a bright smile across her face , and I nodded .
tr	O	The OR was down on Level 2 , and the surgeon was waiting for them .
tr	I	Nothing came , but Vikram braced himself for pandemonium .
tr	I	Vincent again caressed her cheek in an effort to soothe it , and a sudden sense of fear radiated from her .
tr	O	The bottom was a strip of green paper and the sky was a strip of blue paper .
tr	I	I needed it to be Ashville and I needed a safe haven .
tr	O	He knew Luis was being sincere and he knew Luis trusted his brother in spite of the circumstances .
tr	O	The sound its wheels made on the hardwood was awful , but the deafening boom that followed was much , much worse .
tr	I	I was looking forward to playing the role of queen and the feast before me was one made for a queen .
tr	I	Nothing happened , and a moment went by .
tr	I	In the end I had to help him , but I kept lookout while Jack tried to manage .
tr	I	It 's the murder he wants , and it 's closer to the Dandridge .
tr	I	They had passed on their secrets , and Marica said that her family had been powerful for many generations .
tr	O	No one answered the door and there was no noise from inside .
tr	I	He 'd studied human anatomy enough to know where to hit a man to do the most damage but he wasn 't a fighter .
tr	I	She wanted them to know how dangerous this place was , but she had not known about that when she was there .
tr	O	Colin tried to rise but Norton wasn 't budging .
tr	I	The words won 't come , but I want to apologize , to explain .
tr	O	Tense , and quiet .
tr	O	He spoke up and it made my heart beat quicken .
tr	I	I thought he would die , and then Alex hit the water .
tr	I	He wanted , shall we say , to hang on to the bitter end and it seems evident that FDR knew his days were numbered .
tr	O	She certainly wasn 't the most beautiful woman he 'd ever seen , but there was something about her that held his attention .
tr	I	He cringed , and the roaring increased in volume .
tr	O	The office door opened , and Dylan strode in .
tr	O	His arm tightened for a moment , and he dropped a kiss on the top of her head .
tr	O	Both men had guns , but they also had smarts .
tr	I	Those standing about could make out a vaguely equine shape amidst the glow and the light receded slightly .
tr	O	Sarah handed me his ring , and I reached for his hand .
tr	O	His hand cupped my sex and I lifted , trying to rub my clit against his hand , desperate to find friction .
tr	O	I knew he was joking , but I filled up with fear .
tr	I	Maybe they 're reforming or maybe they 're gone .
tr	O	Vincent heard a tell-tale sniff , and his brow furrowed .
tr	I	She knew it , and she was overreacting .
tr	I	Really I was just so happy for it to be the two of us as before , but I always hoped you would one day feel again .
tr	I	I noticed the tattoo was barely noticeable , and he tapped his cheek .
tr	I	This wasn 't my place , but Katie tried to stop me .
tr	O	He went to the top row of seats and we went with him .
tr	I	Dec was covered in ash and Dec had evidently destroyed his demon because it was gone .
tr	O	She smiled back but it didn 't reach her eyes .
tr	O	I smelled the forest , the earth , and I was drawn to them .
tr	O	He could have a future with her , but he could not reveal it .
tr	O	He slid into her slick heat , and she was so responsive she was coming almost the second he touched her between her legs .
tr	O	My senses were supercharged with all the stimuli , and I finally remembered to breathe .
tr	I	Rich didn 't leave a message , and Jamie was on her lunch break .
tr	O	Grape juice stained her little cherubic face and she had a sparkle in her gaze , which almost seemed directed at him .
tr	O	Clive here 'll draw you a map , but it 'll be hard to puzzle through in this dark .
tr	O	This day felt more like a few years , and I 'm ready to be done with it .
tr	I	Donovan continued and she nodded .
tr	O	Heat rose to his face and he felt himself harden .
tr	I	That was an understatement , and the streets of London would be paved in red .
tr	I	My cheeks flush , and my eyes widen .
tr	I	His mother showed no signs of waking , but he watched for movement in the bottom hammock .
tr	I	She broke up with him , and they fought over something stupid .
tr	I	I wanted to hear him say it , but I already knew the answer .
tr	I	She wanted to pay Dr. Leverett a quick call and it was five thirty .
tr	O	For all of its dangers the Dream Cane had changed his life and he was finally enjoying his childhood .
tr	O	She put out her hand with an effort to smile , and then he opened the door for her .
tr	I	I don 't want to tell the truth either , but I pause because I don 't want to lie .
tr	O	Then the feeling was gone , and she was no longer thirsty .
tr	O	Something metal lay on top , but she couldn 't identify it .
tr	I	Apparently someone forgot to tell the bumblebee , but the aerodynamics were all wrong .
tr	O	He intended to put work ahead of his family , and that was something she just couldn 't accept .
tr	O	I said and we laughed .
tr	O	The pain of losing Cassandra would be excruciating , and he had to admit that he was selfish .
tr	I	I couldn 't move , and Shirt snagged on something .
tr	I	It had to stop , and Cara was falling hard .
tr	I	He proved deceitful And to think she loved a one .
tr	O	It spun faster still and he gripped tighter still .
tr	O	The white fox howled and it seemed to have caused the dark clouds to clear the skies .
tr	I	While he didn 't have any previous reference to gauge such fights he did have vast combat experience and Zero decided he trusted his friend .
tr	O	She didn 't know why , but hugs from Linda always seemed to make her feel better about things .
tr	I	All she had discovered was that she couldn 't , and it was like when she had tried to tease apart her feelings toward him .
tr	I	Damn it , he was here , now , but he hadn 't been there to help Marissa .
tr	I	It couldn 't hit them directly , but Hail continued to smash down noisily .
tr	O	You don 't have any friends , and you don 't belong here .
tr	I	We couldn 't still be sitting here when it reappeared over the crest and we didn 't have time for that .
tr	O	Melissa smiled up into Carter 's eyes , and her look was one of total joy .
tr	O	My vision was blurry , but I could make out a shadowy figure standing in front of me , while two others hauled me to my feet .
tr	I	One of the things we 've learned in first aid is what to do when someone is having a seizure , and I 'm in nursing school .
tr	I	His wrinkles deepen into fissures across his skin , and Noah 's expression tightens further in disapproval .
tr	O	He 'd set the plan in motion , and he would stick to it , by God .
tr	O	I have everything and I 'm miserable .
tr	O	It still killed me because I knew that he was upsetting her , but I also knew that she had just told him about our moving .
tr	O	Tom hesitated even longer , but not wanting to look like a coward followed as well .
tr	O	He liked her draped at the end of his arm , and then he showed the public his beautiful girlfriend .
tr	I	He 'd still get in your pants in the space of two hours and he said you hated his guts .
tr	O	I thought about launching my knife at him , but I was afraid to let it leave my hand .
tr	I	I got another speeding ticket , this one just in front of National Cathedral , and of course I drove us to mass in my Ford .
tr	O	I sucked in a breath , and he went on .
tr	I	His vision cleared , and he blinked again .
tr	I	Even if he does , we won 't be here , and he 's not coming back .
tr	I	The longer she talks , the clearer things become , but I blink as she speaks , thinking that I must be misunderstanding .
tr	O	He knows what 's going on , but he won 't tell me .
tr	O	I lay back down beside Bryn and she curled up beside me , eyes still glued to the book , while I drifted off to sleep .
tr	I	It did not end there but he considered himself as Mostafa 's close friend .
tr	I	That gave us the flexibility to treat every client like a VIP , but we were far from the biggest firm in the Greater Sacramento area .
tr	I	I felt that I was stumbling toward it , and I was trying to come up with the right answer .
tr	I	I just stood there and I could feel his breath on my face .
tr	O	He had felt it when he was studying law at the Sapienza university , and there was the movement of ' 77 .
tr	I	He stands up and his eyebrows furrow .
tr	I	Anne Marie had agreed , and Tim had wanted to be the one to introduce Vanessa to Ellen .
tr	I	He helped me out with all the books and I remember stammering out some kind of agreement .
tr	I	She wanted to catch them , and soon the first stars would become visible .
tr	O	Soon we found ourselves by a lake and no one seemed to be in sight .
tr	O	Purple fluid streamed out from a new crack as he , John , and Tara worked on breaking through the thick glass .
tr	O	Her smile was wavering , but heartfelt , he thought .
tr	O	There just wasn 't enough manpower to get too fussy with the details and this seemed to work best .
tr	I	She simply stalked away from them as the laughter got even louder , but Raquel 's cheeks flushed dark .
tr	I	To rage through it , and to show the world what he had been through .
tr	I	That 's no surprise , but the next morning shows no signs of life from my neighbor .
tr	I	You know they came to look forward to it like a Starbucks -- and I remember my parents drinking hot water when tea was dear .
tr	O	The Coffin Club was a success and this one will be , too .
tr	I	I assumed he meant life in Providence , but I didn 't feel particularly nervous about the landing .
tr	O	His sword sheared a church soldier almost in half , but the man in the red tunic did not even flinch .
tr	I	The line went dead , and the phone rustled again .
tr	O	Our relationship had been pretty serious , and we 'd both expected to be together for a long time .
tr	O	She hated herself and him for it .
tr	O	The door was open and I was free to see the warden .
tr	O	It 's like I 'm dead inside , and placing a bet will bring me back to life .
tr	I	Doing so would mean the blanket falling away from me , but I wished I could cover my ears from his poison .
tr	I	I want to own you , and I am selfish .
tr	I	You must marry Richard , but I 'm sorry .
tr	I	Her dad had basically called her a pig right in front of Kate and Kate was the prettiest girl Hanna had ever met .
tr	I	I move so fast that you don 't even feel the pain as I slice your throat open , and you scream .
tr	I	I am here , and I said I would be here .
tr	O	She stares at me , her eyes fierce but welling up with tears .
tr	O	His erection was pointing up and the head was resting below his navel .
tr	O	Surprised , she tried to get away , but they had solid grips before she could move .
tr	I	It was too dark to make anything out for sure , but my eyes began to adjust to the blackness .
tr	I	I am sure that I don 't care , but I 'm not sure what he 'll do next .
tr	O	Not only that , most of the old geezers have more money than God , but they 'll pinch a penny like nobody 's business .
tr	O	Give me your contact details , and your brother 's details as well , before you leave tomorrow .
tr	O	He would tell my parents , and there went Vandy .
tr	O	The wind ripped a few strands of hair from her braid , and she tucked them behind her ears .
tr	O	She doesn 't want me to continue , but she 's been my best friend since kindergarten .
tr	O	He reached for Cammie , but she didn 't relinquish her hold on her brother .
tr	I	The simple words held so much impact , but it felt like a grade school question .
tr	O	Dear old uncle was never rich from the start , but he did have the property .
tr	I	You aren 't ... or you either are .
tr	O	Michael hesitated , and I could feel him searching for the right description .
tr	I	On some level , it made perfect sense , but I was shocked to discover that Liam was a Guardian .
tr	I	She took a look at the poor woman and Simone didn 't comment as he uncovered the body .
tr	I	Lyssa wanted something more , but that would be great .
tr	O	I could feel her silver goddess stare on my face , but I kept my gaze on the silent city below us .
tr	O	We would have disappeared but we know what you are capable of .
tr	O	A strange smoke rose from her wrist and she realised the bracelet had burned through the suit , now attached to her skin .
tr	I	My words were barely a whisper and my voice cracked .
tr	O	Noelle patted my hand sympathetically , and she pushed her stale brownie toward me .
tr	O	He 'd always enjoyed poker , but today was the first time he hadn 't minded losing .
tr	I	His dad barreled through it , and the door burst open .
tr	I	I guessed they were pretty tired as well , but the other men might be in better shape .
tr	I	Jessie poked her head out and the door opened behind me .
tr	O	He extended his hand and she came toward him .
tr	I	We don 't even know exactly what we 're looking for but I have a spreading net of police searching the entire area .
tr	I	The effect was staggering and I 'd never seen him smile that openly .
tr	I	Ryan proves victorious , dropping punch after punch into Doug 's face , but they roll around in the sand .
tr	O	Actually , Hannah wasn 't eager to rationalize her outrage , but there didn 't seem to be any help for it .
tr	O	The rifle was set to automatic mode and the bullets spat out in a steady stream .
tr	I	She twisted her arm around to try to touch him , and her hand had a mind of its own .
tr	I	Deep down , you know you 'll never find it again , and deep down you know how rare what you had with Erin was .
tr	O	Something about them was familiar , but I couldn 't tell what .
tr	O	He certainly profited from it , and it 's unlikely Richard III would damage his brother 's reputation by making such claims public .
tr	I	I 'll die happy if he does , and he 's about to pass Lexy .
tr	I	They weren 't worried about keeping quiet and two people were quarrelling as they exited the building .
tr	I	She was too full of adrenaline to feel anything , but she knew she must have injuries .
tr	O	Another dip sent him reeling , and he lunged back to her .
tr	I	Now , glittering in the grass , slowly made her way toward Arun , and the huge cobra lowered herself .
tr	I	It got me thinking about my vasectomy reversal that I had done a couple of weeks ago , and it gave me a warm feeling inside .
tr	O	They weren 't as violent as Latch but they could cause similar sized problems .
tr	O	It is etched into that brain of yours and you know exactly what was said , word for word .
tr	O	Kathy punched the back of flailing legs and her fist rained blows on his back .
tr	O	He used to make a big production about it , and now it doesn 't feel right .
tr	O	A lesser mortal like me has to handle his ten cents but an empress has to handle her huge empire .
tr	O	That 's how he signed all the letters , and I don 't think he would have bothered using a name other than his own .
tr	O	Peter still held her arms , and her breast was still exposed .
tr	I	At first I couldn 't remember what , and something happened Friday .
tr	O	I could see Ava 's expression underneath Nicholas 's left elbow , and she looked stunned .
tr	O	Geist has been eagle-eyed on my print image , but I sense that he doesn 't find what he wants .
tr	I	She 'd hyperventilate or a life-changing opportunity Lexi couldn 't think about too long .
tr	O	The captain had warned us that this is what it would feel like , but I panicked a little anyway .
tr	I	He met Daemon 's stare , and Matthew 's lashes swept up .
tr	O	The shadowed figures had yet to move , but their study of him was unnerving .
tr	I	Of course I never imagined it had been made by someone in another world , but I remembered that it had once belonged to my mom .
tr	O	Her mind , always so open with the big-picture view at an event , narrowed to pinpoint focus , and she couldn 't widen it past Jax .
tr	I	Altair recognized the knife and he prodded harder with the dagger .
tr	I	It is true but Sorry to say .
tr	I	One that left him feeling more rested than he had in years , but it was like a vacation , one he hadn 't planned for .
tr	O	She smiled , and there was a genuineness in it that warmed me .
tr	O	Magdalene 's head tilted slightly to the side but her face gave away nothing .
tr	O	He almost bent to her will , but then another realization took hold .
tr	I	She vanished , walking away with a quick step , but he almost called to her .
tr	O	He drank it in from her lips and he knew he was lost .
tr	O	He 'd find the explanation and everything would return to normal .
tr	O	The cliffs here aren 't as high as the ones that border the racing beach , and they 're not as pure white .
tr	O	The little squares moved about like a sliding puzzle for a moment , and sound came back .
tr	I	She pushed the memory away quickly , feeling disloyal again , but she remembered all too vividly his breath on her neck .
tr	I	Aran was able to stretch up look in , but the side window of the shack was small .
tr	I	She 'd just have to get over it and he 'd messed up with one small lie .
tr	I	She answered it in a voice she hardly recognized as her own , and her breath hissed out in a sound of pure , enraged frustration .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure if Lissy would wake up to eat , but if she didn 't he was hungry enough to eat both their portions .
tr	O	The outside wall of the club led to a stairway that looked as if it led up to the balconies , but it was roped off .
tr	I	I was still driving and the sun went down .
tr	I	I was disturbed to realize it seemed plausible , but it didn 't seem likely .
tr	I	That brought tears to Abe 's eyes , and each shot brought a pitiful little cry of discomfort from the old boy .
tr	O	She straightened , and a lump formed in my throat as I saw the wrinkled , bloody infant she held .
tr	I	I knew it , and something were wrong .
tr	O	He flipped us over , so that I was lying flat against the bed , and he was hovering over me .
tr	I	I jumped when a banging sound caught me off guard , and she insisted .
tr	O	His cheery grin faded , and he froze in place , even as people moved around us .
tr	O	I 'm not the best when it comes to speaking in public , but I held my own .
tr	O	He kept advancing and she kept retreating .
tr	I	He clung to me the way I clung to Benjy in my worst moments , and his shoulders shook .
tr	I	Either way , I 'll be home , but well , okay , I mean walk through my front door .
tr	I	When he scratched his head a handful of hair came with it , and he woke up without pain in his bones from the ground underneath .
tr	I	That didn 't bode well for Lily , but 11 The Prince 's wounds were closing fast .
tr	I	The elevator doors open with a loud groan , and before anything can happen between us , we arrive at the fourth floor .
tr	O	The smell would not leave , and I could not make it .
tr	O	She lifted a hand to his cheek , but Cole caught her wrist .
tr	O	There was salt water all around me , and it was cold .
tr	O	The champion was fit enough to fight Hilda , and Lea knew that it would be a difficult match .
tr	O	Tim volunteered to take Baxter for a short walk and she accepted his offer .
tr	O	Her nose had gone red and tears tracked down her face .
tr	O	We 'd cover all your expenses , and you 'll love what you see .
tr	I	The bodyguard offered his to Sophia and the general offered Natalie his arm .
tr	I	They were dark as midnight and her eyes moved to his .
tr	I	My vision followed her as the door closed behind her and she 'd never done that before .
tr	O	Mrs. Gibson did her best to ignore us , but when we made it into the dining room , the others definitely weren 't ignoring us .
tr	O	She was still beautiful , and it hurt to see her .
tr	I	Neither year had seemed of great moment and I had read much of their history .
tr	O	He did , but he didn 't ask questions .
tr	I	She didn 't know why , but she had a feeling this meeting would be momentous .
tr	I	He could tell she was a mess inside , but she was trying her best to stay cool on the surface .
tr	O	He made a subtle gesture close to his hip , and the four converged on a corner behind potted palms .
tr	I	Aly took my hand again , and I pulled away from him .
tr	O	Her head turned sharply toward his , and though her eyes were initially filled with surprise , they quickly started to sparkle with mischief .
tr	O	The family wanted her back , and no doubt , someone had called him to bring her back .
tr	O	Her heart fluttered in her chest , and she took a short breath involuntarily .
tr	I	It makes me smile , and I hear the tiny upward lilt in his voice , the single note of hope .
tr	I	Cameron had to give him credit , and they were sitting on the deck .
tr	O	A bugle calls out loudly and people turn to find it .
tr	I	Their going slow and the stream was strong .
tr	I	A man walked in and the door opened again .
tr	O	I said as Orlando and I stood to leave .
tr	O	Had we been able to catch one , our questions might have been answered , but we couldn 't .
tr	O	There 's only two keys and they both look the same .
tr	O	He was fast before and he 's fast again .
tr	O	All this was done with the minimum of fuss and Rosie had quite happily remained on her lap , albeit asleep , until the benediction was given .
tr	I	Now I just looked frumpy , but I 'd been planning on straightening it before he came .
tr	O	It wasn 't much , just a tenth of a point , but in the dog-eat-dog world of college admissions , that was appreciable .
tr	I	This made her even more puzzled , and it worked .
tr	I	At the age of sixty he still had a short fuse , and Eli Chandler had been a hot-tempered brawler in his younger days .
tr	I	It was an order nonetheless , but he spoke the order softly .
tr	O	They peered over the edge at the patchwork tower casting a shadow across the stage and suddenly the Botkin 's message made sense .
tr	I	Nina was by no means a welcome topic , but perhaps not as problematic as Sydney right now .
tr	I	I sat there battling it , trying to take control , and it was so strong that I felt dizzy .
tr	O	She 'd done well adapting to the changes , and every day we discussed our future .
tr	O	The rock was too black - volcanic , apparently - and the water too open .
tr	O	I groaned and Len laughed .
tr	I	I followed suit , and Emma lifted her chin in the air like she belonged there .
tr	I	I need to find him , and your dad was friends with a man named Blakely .
tr	O	I nodded , turned , and then I was back in the safety of my car , driving toward the security of home .
tr	I	I wasn 't willing to chance it , but I wasn 't sure if my father would be affected by her magic .
tr	O	It feels like a miracle , and I know what she meant our first time together about never wanting me to not be inside her .
tr	O	I bit down on his hand but it did no good , he didn 't budge , only tightened his grip , painfully straining my jaw .
tr	O	Mary tried to soothe her , but Paola pushed her away .
tr	O	Her shoulders slumped a little , but she tried to remain stoic .
tr	O	The good has been pushed out , and the bad flexes like a muscle .
tr	I	She suppressed it , but she felt a shudder start , deep in her chest .
tr	I	There it was , pressing him gently down again , but he never worked out how the other figure could have got behind him .
tr	O	James is Max 's son , and Max was very much human .
tr	I	I can 't see her , but I can hear her clearly .
tr	I	They kept getting stronger but she fought against these feelings .
tr	O	I hadn 't woken up this morning looking for another reason to hate Marcie Mill ar , but there you go .
tr	I	I realized how tired I was and the bed looked really inviting .
tr	O	She 's going to remember this night for the rest of her life but I 'm not sleeping with her .
tr	I	Flung it open and Betsy ran to the kitchen door .
tr	O	Cooper starts to roll off me but I stop him .
tr	I	I 'm beginning to worry , and she 's been gone two hours now .
tr	I	She 'd never made any demands on him and while she may not be a part of his society , Lauren was a good woman .
tr	O	I shut my eyes and for a second feel his arms surround me .
tr	O	How very true that is , and he doesn 't even know the full extent of it .
tr	I	He saw she was thinking about something and some streets further she finally looked back .
tr	O	Hearing the entity speak my name was unsettling at best , but I refused to show it .
tr	I	Then the door opened , and seconds passed that felt like hours .
tr	I	Her voice was calm , friendly even , when she spoke again , but her eyes glittered in her face .
tr	I	I realized I 'd been woken by a voice not my own , and there was movement behind me .
tr	I	She did not pick it up , but Nadia 's hand hovered over the coat .
tr	O	I didn 't , but I nodded along .
tr	I	She 'd started grumbling , but she 'd stopped crying .
tr	I	I was wrong , and you were right .
tr	I	Simon lit them with a wave of his hand , and Helen placed the candles around the room .
tr	I	Diane might be able to fill you in , but I didn 't pay much attention since it sounded hyped up to me .
tr	O	The tickles explode into my bloodstream as an adrenaline rush and I release a long steady breath to keep myself calm .
tr	I	There was no queue behind it , and a car was just driving out of the attached car wash .
tr	I	I couldn 't swallow , but I found my breath .
tr	O	Warmth spread through me as I moved my lips against his , and all too soon , he pulled away .
tr	O	My father slept through most of it , though , and his indifference was a great comfort .
tr	I	He carefully drops the card down into it , and an evidence technician holds open a plastic bag .
tr	O	Apparently the Enterprise should have been covered for security reasons , but the hurricane had ruthlessly stripped away its protective grey shield .
tr	I	His wife had spent hours providing matching descriptions , and by now Herman had the eleven voices committed to memory .
tr	I	He 'd spend the rest of his life proving to her how much he loved her , and Prudence was his woman .
tr	O	It turned out Roxy was still alive , but she was in bad shape .
tr	I	They can fail or they can pass .
tr	O	I 'm helping her , but I 'm not crazy anymore with what I don 't have .
tr	O	He didn 't talk about it , but I knew he was crushed .
tr	O	He grunted again , and this time I could interpret it into a noise of utter frustration .
tr	I	I was looking for something a little more specific , so I got to mine , but he also had a point .
tr	O	I like variety , and I always leave when my lovers start to bore me .
tr	I	I will do my best to clear it up for you and perhaps a few people would like clarification of what exactly happened .
tr	O	The car looked inviting and I was tired from so much walking .
tr	I	They will not , yet they cannot leave this place without accepting their own guilt .
tr	I	Cordova licked the mushroom head , tasting his creamy saltiness , and a drop of seed glistened at the slit .
tr	I	He couldn 't see , but chess could hear .
tr	O	The pup was cute , but the kid cramped his style .
tr	I	They looked the same but the two was not related ?
tr	I	I was paralyzed but I tried to call out for him .
tr	I	No sound came , but he wanted to scream .
tr	I	I don 't know what , but I must have done something .
tr	O	Brennan said something quietly to Garrett , but Garrett just continued to stare at Hadley as Brennan talked .
tr	I	There were days I would have given my right arm for a cheeseburger , but by now I was almost used to it .
tr	O	Someone had moved the bodies , and most of the party attendees had fled the room .
tr	O	I heard my name being called , and still I didn 't answer .
tr	O	She should be at the marina now , and he should already have heard from the tail that he had assigned to follow her every move .
tr	O	He 'd left the keys in there and the driver 's door was wide open .
tr	I	I briefly pulled my phone away from my ear , and Mia 's shrill laughter came blaring through the speaker .
tr	I	He smiled , looking over at his friends , and I saw the moment he got the message .
tr	I	Something was drawing her back , but she 'd begun to drift .
tr	O	He cut open a gash in my arm and I cried out in agony .
tr	O	I followed Grimshaw upstairs and he paused in front of a nondescript door , fishing keys out of his jacket pocket .
tr	O	Most vampires couldn 't speak , and this one was no exception .
tr	I	Dean led me around a corner to another elevator and we stepped out at our stop .
tr	O	His breath was lost , but the zombies intent on devouring him weren 't similarly fazed .
tr	O	She missed the heels when they weren 't on her feet , but it just wasn 't practical when she had to walk to school .
tr	I	She relaxed in his arms and her fear melted completely away .
tr	I	It had given Mia a new confidence , and her friendship with Lexi had stayed as true as magnetic North .
tr	O	That might give him time to find a way to contact the base , but the whole situation seemed wrong somehow .
tr	I	He ate grasses for a bit before we resumed and he drank hardy .
tr	O	A hard tremor rocked through me , and I thought I might be sick .
tr	O	We heard and both our heads turned to the side to see a painted warrior coming our way .
tr	I	We think they 're all werewolves , but we 're not sure .
tr	O	I should have stopped , but I couldn 't .
tr	I	The time had been too brief , but she 'd finally seen dragons .
tr	O	Francesca 's statement had clearly provoked Adriana , but Francesca didn 't care .
tr	O	A rancid smell clots up the air , and Skyla covers her nose with her sleeve .
tr	O	The Sworn was the only trained warrior of the three of them , and they would need someone who could fight on the journey .
tr	O	Matt grabbed her hand , and they left for the snack bar .
tr	I	Jeb spoke up , and Lady Tiffany hesitated .
tr	O	The off-white walls were sterile of all decoration , and the only reading material seemed designed to cater to lifeless geriatrics .
tr	O	He remembered doing that the previous day , but he also remembered turning it back on .
tr	I	She was resigning herself once more to this fate and she had said beforehand that our plan was risky .
tr	I	Rebecca sensed that the wound from his mother 's betrayal still ran deep , but he was clearly trying to look unaffected .
tr	O	It was very hard to bite my tongue on that , but I managed .
tr	I	He just works for the devil , in my opinion , but these are his proclamations .
tr	O	The bed felt wondrously soft , and the voices outside had become a low vibrant hum .
tr	I	I 'm not letting March near her , but she seems to think she can save him .
tr	O	The moment passed and no alarm was raised .
tr	O	His face was still bandaged , but he 'd unbound his arm .
tr	I	Marcella waited in the car and Ray went into the store .
tr	I	I feel his absence like a missing limb and it 's the first night he hasn 't been here in a long time .
tr	O	I turned the first corner of the stairwell that led up in the direction of my room , and my head spun .
tr	O	She looked away and the buzz in my ears faded .
tr	O	Rafe watched the man look past him at the horse he was leading , and then back at the chain mail Rafe was wearing .
tr	I	Making a conscious effort not to startle her , coughs slightly as he nears where she is sitting and he makes his way towards the old woman .
tr	O	Exhaustion was creeping over me , and the need to resume one of my regular shapes was growing .
tr	O	Katia could not reply , but her smile said everything .
tr	I	They released a collective sigh at my arrival and the relief on their faces was comical .
tr	I	He bore a disappointingly plain countenance , but she 'd expected devil 's features .
tr	I	My heart leaped into my throat , and a groan cut through the silence .
tr	O	Hudson had asked the words but I think we both knew .
tr	O	His fingers were my dealer and his lips were my poison .
tr	O	She knew she was blushing but she couldn 't help it .
tr	O	The last thing they all saw was Raphael beat his wings once , and a pillar of light slam down on him .
tr	I	Her confession surprised even her , and the words were out of Hanna 's mouth before she could stop them .
tr	I	That probably didn 't attract Mary Jo anymore , not after being involved with a player like David , but he wasn 't as smooth , either .
tr	O	She knew what she was doing , and she didn 't want us to interfere .
tr	O	It wasn 't polite , and it was dangerous besides .
tr	I	Nobody could tell me otherwise and Hailey was the love of my life .
tr	O	We could have done it differently , but we didn 't because it would have been difficult .
tr	O	Her air was more sedate , and her regal demeanor was pronounced as her escort presented people to her .
tr	I	Jared nodded , whispering something so quickly I could barely discern his reply at al , and the other end of the phone was silent .
tr	I	It still felt demeaning , but after all , he was probably going to be her biggest tipper of the night .
tr	O	Ernie asked , and Dwayne nodded .
tr	I	I could see her bra straps resting on her shoulders and her pink shirt was loose .
tr	I	She nodded and he looked .
tr	I	She was looking up at him , bemused and his body was painfully aroused .
tr	O	He managed to force the barrel left , but motors inside quickly compensated .
tr	O	She didn 't want to go anywhere near the prince , but she couldn 't refuse .
tr	I	We made eye contact and Hunter gave my shoulder a quick squeeze .
tr	O	I turned to look at Emma but she looked more worried than proud .
tr	I	His palms pressed into sharp stones as he scrambled to get away , and he caught himself before he hit the ground .
tr	O	Your new shop does sound grand and you will be so good at it .
tr	I	No one seemed to know how to react , and now their role model had turned on them .
tr	I	He did , choosing to share the small settee with her and she gestured for him to sit .
tr	O	I couldn 't look at her , and I couldn 't believe what I 'd almost done .
tr	O	I asked and she nodded .
tr	O	He smiles at me and his offer appears to mean much more than if I need anything .
tr	I	He hoped some food might be waiting for them wherever they were going , and had been given only a small bowl of barley for lunch .
tr	I	The attaché moved closer to Clarity and Don Francisco ´ s eyes sparkled .
tr	O	Maggie had so many questions for her but she forced herself to hold back .
tr	O	I had read the same paragraph three times and it still hadn 't registered .
tr	I	The reception is way down , but mine seems okay .
tr	O	We know it and he knows it .
tr	I	Winced at the picture his mind formed , and he knew what a small caliber bullet could do to the inside of someone 's head .
tr	I	The air conditioning was trying to keep up and the sun was shining .
tr	O	I know that I 'm being a spoiled bitch , but I can 't see past my own annoyance at this point .
tr	O	He could barely even walk , but he was right behind her .
tr	I	She rushed in and Brian called brightly as the door flew open .
tr	I	For some reason , Myles wasn 't having that , but the accident was so obviously down to mechanical failure .
tr	I	Magnus flinched , and said Jace .
tr	I	She would be at the temple , probably never to see him again and he would go to the Mage Tower for his tests .
tr	I	He furrows his eyebrows and Jack 's face drops .
tr	O	I yelled for him to wait , but he gunned down the road .
tr	O	The forest gave way to savanna , and hills punched up .
tr	I	I don 't want the children there , but we need to keep him contained .
tr	O	My hand flexed in his and he finally looked at me .
tr	I	You can bet her little voice liked that , too and he brushed the back of his hand down her cheek .
tr	I	Rather , their sitter 's , or I have heard that having a sitter instead of parental supervision causes kids to push their limits .
tr	O	Three against one didn 't sit well with him and he never shrank from playing equalizer .
tr	I	I didn 't complain , but my pack was heavy .
tr	I	90 percent of the time you can , and I know you think you can handle yourself like a ninja .
tr	O	They might be friends , but rank always came first .
tr	O	Victor still wasn 't sure who Piotr was , but he had more important things to worry about .
tr	O	He pushed them together , and they fitted with the merest hairline crack .
tr	I	She was reaching her hand out to one of them , and a group of children surrounded a happy Olivia like a giant hug .
tr	O	She didn 't know why but the site of him enraged her .
tr	I	The cheese had melted perfectly and the cheeseburger was left open .
tr	O	Well , we don 't call you crazy , but you fit into our family perfectly .
tr	O	She wanted more , but he didn 't care enough to give it to her .
tr	I	I shot from my seat and ~ The door boomed open .
tr	I	It 's nothing that we can 't handle , but we are in the midst of a crisis .
tr	O	There 's also a battle going on between the Fey and one of them is going to have to win eventually .
tr	O	His father was a slave , and it was entirely my fault .
tr	O	She heard a snap behind her , and the door began to twist in its mountings .
tr	O	The meditation had helped to ease the burden , but she had never managed to just allow the energy to dissipate .
tr	O	Sally sipped her coffee without looking at him , but he knew she was smiling her little smile .
tr	O	The scales of karmic justice stretch for all eternity , and everything must be settled in full .
tr	O	The pilots had already placed four insulated crates on the ground , preparing for fast handoffs and quick bunny hops out of the park .
tr	O	He just glared at me and I glared at him even harder .
tr	O	I was still without wheels and I had forgone the mortification of driving the grocery getter for the time being .
tr	O	In the distance she heard the murmur of conversation and she paused a moment , mustering her courage to brazenly walk in on the planning session .
tr	I	I couldn 't stand up any longer and Everything was a blur .
tr	O	There he was standing amidst a crowd , yet Basha could have picked him out anywhere .
tr	O	I was judging him , and that wasn 't fair of me .
tr	I	She would go anywhere with Julian , but she didn 't really like seafood .
tr	O	I know you saw me , but you did not come over .
tr	I	I 'd only known him for six months , and the possibility of never seeing Henry again tore at me .
tr	I	I will look up this research you mentioned , and I give you my word .
tr	O	He had got absolutely nowhere and the bidding must surely be coming to an end .
tr	O	They 're together and they 're safe !
tr	I	They turned him into a drone , and he is one of the strongest people I know .
tr	I	He heard the keypad beep to confirm it was locked , and he heard the door close .
tr	O	Dreamer 's mouth twitched as if she wanted to smile , and Miriam saw .
tr	I	It 's true all the same but I know that sounds crazy .
tr	O	She 's going to let us use her PayPal account , but I have to send her cash , like , tomorrow .
tr	I	She scooted out from under me , hurrying to the bathroom and I pulled out slowly .
tr	O	Max had no idea how it could be morning already , but the clock radio in his room confirmed that it was .
tr	I	He had been hurt , and Andrew 's life had been affected too .
tr	I	He glanced down at it with loathing and the glass was melted around the edges .
tr	O	I walked into the kitchen and Charles handed me an apron .
tr	I	I don 't want you to hurt us and I don 't want to hurt you C !
tr	O	His thoughts stampeded ahead to what he might possibly have to bargain with , but there was nothing .
tr	I	I 'm sorry that you had to listen to me whine and you 're right .
tr	I	I lost sight of my family but I survived that first obstacle .
tr	I	Elijah gets into his bed anyway , but Sunlight filters through the window .
tr	O	Colt said nothing and I could see him clenching his jaw .
tr	I	She wasn 't looking at him anymore , but the woman 's face was still in the window .
tr	I	Madrigal had been watching him for years by then , but Brimstone probably expected her to sort them by size .
tr	I	The wind was picking up , blowing a few clouds overhead , but Night was still a few hours off .
tr	I	She held him off , but he tried to kiss her .
tr	I	I couldn 't make it out , but he muttered something in his sleep .
tr	I	You bring it all down to such a base level and I have given you one of the most expensive presents a brother can give a sister .
tr	I	I shook it off as I sat up , inspecting the bag Mom had tossed at me , but I felt the dream curling around me .
tr	O	I 'd intended us to talk a little more about the problems we faced , but apparently he had something else in mind .
tr	I	Again he felt the tug of her gaze trying to wrap warmly around him , and her eyes flickered to him .
tr	O	Her face was streaked with dried ointment , and her hair , having dried while they slept , was a holy mess about her head .
tr	O	The nausea hit me again and I realized it was twice as strong this time .
tr	I	He never had , and Reuben didn 't appreciate anything , in fact .
tr	I	I needed to touch him , and I 'd never been on such a precipice before .
tr	I	I know he doesn 't want to hear that and there 's a hole there that can 't be filled with anything else .
tr	O	They used to be at odds with each other all the time , and now they weren 't .
tr	O	She thumbed some kind of clicker in her hand and the dog dropped to his haunches .
tr	O	The price might have been negotiable , but the outcome had always been assured .
tr	I	She exhales noisily and her features smooth .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to argue , but that wasn 't quite accurate .
tr	O	The collar can wait another day , and you work too much .
tr	O	He could see comprehension dawning on Sky and Mikael 's faces off to the side , as the realized who this must be .
tr	O	Diego started to argue , but Cassidy broke in .
tr	I	It wasn 't like Winterville , but the wood was weathered .
tr	O	Debbie threw her pistols away and so , reluctantly , did Alice .
tr	O	a crackling of branches , and she could see the coals again .
tr	I	I would be the only one that she would ever have and it seemed to me I could have her all to myself .
tr	I	Noah 's face revealed nothing , but Connor tossed him a quizzical look .
tr	O	She smiled and her eyes shone with joy as she approached him .
tr	I	Maybe I would tell her about Taylor , and she would help me write the obituary .
tr	O	My arms screamed in agony and I could feel the cuffs of my chains working slowly into the skin of my wrists .
tr	O	The King offers me as a sacrifice to your beauty , but you break my heart .
tr	I	She placed her small hands on his chest , and his heart stuttered when she sighed into his mouth .
tr	I	She nodded , but Celaena felt ill at the thought of what else might be asked of her .
tr	O	In fact , some of the meal they prepared for us was simply heated and they apologized for that .
tr	I	Of course , her hair was gorgeous , and she 'd just had her hair done .
tr	O	I knew my nails were digging into his skin , but I kept my hold on him as the unbelievable sensations traveled all over my body .
tr	O	This wasn 't my idea of expressing happiness , but it sure felt good .
tr	O	He needed to relax , and he needed to relax now .
tr	O	I 'd been a pretty good faker most of my life , but I wasn 't sure I 'd ever truly belonged anywhere .
tr	I	Once we got through them , the healing process could start , but these next couple of weeks would suck for all of us .
tr	I	That filled Leslie with joy , and her baby was deliriously happy living her dream .
tr	O	The contents were a little wet , but at least they weren 't soaked .
tr	O	Nikolaus looked no older than me , and with the exception of his dark hair , the resemblance between us was there .
tr	O	My mother lived for these events and I no longer had a choice .
tr	I	He stretched out and he bundled the bulk of the material under his head .
tr	I	I wondered if Peter somehow knew it , and even my virginity I had given to Matt without hesitation after barely more than a week .
tr	O	I found the start of the surfaced road , and there was now a jaunt in my step .
tr	I	We surfaced and I guided them through the passages .
tr	O	My mother 's been kidnapped , and I 'm going to find her .
tr	I	His heart 's not in brewing the finest malt whiskey known to man , but Ian does fine with it .
tr	O	He took a step toward her father , but Cassie instantly thrust herself in between them .
tr	O	I hadn 't killed it , but hopefully the fall will !
tr	I	No words came out , but I opened my mouth .
tr	I	He ignored it as he went on pleading but bits of the glass impaled Howard 's face .
tr	I	Claire turned to me , and the door shut .
tr	I	It feels like so much is missing , yet Everything is set .
tr	O	Peter slowed the car , and Emma sat up to look .
tr	O	Duncan pushed down on the gas pedal and the car leaped forward .
tr	O	The room looked exactly the way it did a few months before , but it always took me a little while to readjust to being home .
tr	O	The color looked stunning with her hair , but I knew she had to be miserable .
tr	O	His eyes widened and he looked back at Joe .
tr	I	I slid the tube in the dark hole and I threw open the little door people use when they put gas into the car .
tr	O	Her arm ached from the manipulation , but the constant red-hot pain had subsided .
tr	I	He went at Ray with renewed force , and a dark emotion he didn 't take the time to identify surged within him .
tr	O	The action startles Eddie and she jumps , spinning around to look at him .
tr	I	Garrett closed his eyes , and the baby heaved a deep sigh .
tr	O	His legs were broken , but he would walk again .
tr	I	She had imagined it many times , but they 'd yet to dance together .
tr	O	She sneaked glances at him , and he was always the same .
tr	I	She stroked him behind the ears before turning her attention to Thibault again , and zeus nosed her hand .
tr	I	Then , thrashing , would get control of its prey , and the eagle would hit the water with a giant splash .
tr	O	We are at the festival and it 's a special occasion .
tr	I	Sir stood there looking very tired , and the gate swung open in front of them .
tr	O	He had circles under his eyes comparable to tar and the whites of his eyes were completely bloodshot .
tr	I	Nicole wasn 't about to watch their murmured conversation , and her father wasn 't sending the woman packing anytime soon .
tr	O	I didn 't want him here , and I wasn 't going to be polite after he broke into my room .
tr	I	Everything was gone , and my eyes closed .
tr	O	Thomas hated to admit it , but the hope that they were just missing something from a distance had faded away .
tr	I	Rebecca began to grow restless , and two hours later , Daniel still hadn 't woken .
tr	O	I found his cell phone and crushed it , too .
tr	O	He ended the conversation quickly and Alix made herself comfortable .
tr	O	I don 't believe you but I won 't push .
tr	O	It reminded me of loss , and I hated being reminded of loss .
tr	I	Please , please don 't say this changes anything , but I 'm all those things .
tr	O	The quick change of subject jerked Holt out of his reverie , and he was thankful for the interruption .
tr	O	They started to follow Shotgun , but the nurse blocked their way .
tr	O	Her nails raked across his chest , and he hissed out , arching backwards .
tr	O	The waitress left and Shirley had a little more of her wine .
tr	I	I 'm on firmer footing , but he can still dump me .
tr	O	That wore off and he 'd been patiently impatient .
tr	I	Be warned , I shall expect a manuscript tomorrow ; but I forgive you for it .
tr	I	He had a reason to wander the halls but his shadowy black ensemble was obviously sneak clothes .
tr	O	It had been 3 weeks since Nina fainted on stage , and things had gotten more chaotic since then .
tr	I	A hand caught my wrist , and I reached above my head to pull my hood down .
tr	O	There is no coming back for me , and there 'll be no coming back for you .
tr	O	He never explained how it happened out of shame , but I could tell that it was something truly embarrassing .
tr	I	I couldn 't see Jagger , but I looked out into the crowd .
tr	O	He stared at me , and with a rush of hope , I understood .
tr	O	I was lying on the mattress I 'd surrendered to Shannon , and I felt as though I 'd been hit by a truck .
tr	O	I asked her about him and she freaked out .
tr	O	John had spotted Karen 's car the moment he turned down the street , but he wasn 't happy that she was at his house .
tr	O	He squeezed and she soaked his shirt with tears .
tr	I	Mikhail stopped him with a raised hand , his black gaze locked with Jacques ' , but Byron rushed forward .
tr	O	A pang tightened his gums , but he kept his fangs sheathed .
tr	I	They quickly scattered themselves around the store , embarrassed to be caught staring , and he gazed behind him at my colleagues .
tr	O	The flames burned his jacket , and his fair eyebrows were forfeit .
tr	O	Turtle was coming toward me , too , but he wore a dark look that would curdle milk .
tr	I	He scrambled across the field toward his weapon and it had fallen a little way off .
tr	O	It wasn 't supposed to be a kiss at all , but if it had , it definitely shouldn 't be like this .
tr	I	Now the paint was peeled off the walls , but the inside had likely once been bright green .
tr	I	He glanced upwards admiring its beauty , and the almost full moon drew his attention .
tr	I	All their people have already assembled and by the time we get to Command , Coin , Plutarch , .
tr	O	Grenville had nothing to answer to this , and we traveled in silence for a time .
tr	I	She put her hand up , but I opened my mouth to deny it .
tr	O	The revolting amalgam washed over me and I had to fight not to retch .
tr	O	I hadn 't heard him come in , but then I had been focused on getting away from August .
tr	I	The smell of Chinese food ended any further complaining but Maggie grumbled .
tr	I	Anna invited him in for coffee and he walked her up the stairs .
tr	I	Min 's mouth went unaccountably dry , and he skimmed his hands down the chair 's sides , gently caressing .
tr	I	All I really cared about right now was what that meant for us , but I knew I should be concerned with what she 'd worked out .
tr	I	You inflict it , and you suffer it .
tr	O	He had let the newspaper slip to the floor and he looked down then up again at Liz .
tr	O	Each had a name , and each performed a different action .
tr	O	As soon as he pulled , he had let me know who was in charge now , and I surrendered .
tr	O	I gave a small shake of my head and he chuckled .
tr	I	He paid it no mind , but a breeze blew past Michael 's back , along with the same dreadful whisper .
tr	O	Madeline had been her boss , her cousin , her friend , and she 'd want revenge .
tr	O	He looks at me , and I swear if he stays silent I 'm going to scream .
tr	O	He 'd have to move and his next step would seal my fate .
tr	I	It was really an act , but Lacy was a big flirt .
tr	O	He forced his eyes open and the memories rushed back .
tr	O	I was forced to dodge patrolling groups of soldiers , and the whole time , I was terrified of discovery .
tr	I	That 's what she wants , and you 'll never get out .
tr	I	None of them hit , but the bullets pitted the concrete above their heads .
tr	I	The sheets were tangled around her naked body , and her heart drummed , shaking her chest .
tr	I	It had me a little worried and I had never seen her get that infuriated over something before .
tr	O	I know you must be worried sick about your brother , but you don 't have to offer my son that huge amount .
tr	O	She 'll still be gone and it won 't change anything .
tr	I	It felt so strange to miss it , but I obviously didn 't want to go .
tr	I	There was nothing left and Dominic didn 't stop until the last block was smashed .
tr	I	The second batter managed to get on first base , but they struck out the first batter .
tr	O	Coming Soon Look for future books in The Colorado Brides Series , chronicling the lives of the Hoffman sisters and their adventures in finding love out west .
tr	I	I 'd never hold you back , but I don 't want to lose you here .
tr	I	What I didn 't expect was for her to slap me across the face , but I wasn 't sure what to expect .
tr	O	She had large hands for a woman , but his swallowed hers .
tr	I	They would be together again , and she would hunt him down .
tr	O	The rain beat down in a steady drone , and the air seemed heavily oppressed .
tr	I	She brought my attention back to her and my eyes had drifted to the ravine .
tr	O	He seemed a bit overwhelmed himself , but Charlie hardly noticed .
tr	O	Seven votes , that was all I needed , and now I had them .
tr	I	We dislike the same people , and you 're the strongest magic user in the city .
tr	I	His head was spinning and his stomach was sinking .
tr	I	I swat him on the arm and Luke stared at me with a bland face .
tr	O	Her words all came out in a rush and she only stopped when he put a finger to her lips .
tr	O	This place is bleeding money and all Mama does is make more pans of lasagna .
tr	I	My mouth is wet and my face is hot .
tr	I	The men on board rose to their feet , and a woman 's voice emerged from behind him .
tr	I	I understood immediately , but it would have taken a normal person half a day to figure out what he was saying .
tr	I	Jokes about your ridiculous standards and he laughs ( his remarkable laugh ) .
tr	O	He took another breath , and the memories retreated further .
tr	O	I closed my eyes as my milk flowed , nourishing my child with my husband 's strength supporting me and all this slid through me like silk .
tr	I	He had sacrificed his entire family ... her entire family for it , and the only thing that man had ever loved had been his dream .
tr	I	She is a lot easier to talk to now that she is slowly letting her guard down , and she mesmerizes me .
tr	I	It had been rearranged to give us some breathing room , but the tacky furniture remained .
tr	I	My boyfriend was no longer here , but I was standing next to Darren .
tr	O	Celeste threw her arms around him and they sank down till only their heads were above water .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to fall for any tricks , but Thalia had been as convincing as a trained salesperson .
tr	O	He chuckled and I blushed .
tr	I	She was aging gracefully , but Jo-Jo might have recently turned two hundred fifty-seven .
tr	O	She focused on the license plate , but it was smeared , too , oddly indistinct .
tr	I	Sarah jumped to find him directly behind her , and Nick 's voice sounded close to her ear .
tr	I	We are nothing compared to you and you 're the son of the Great Master .
tr	I	I would have been in the balconies , and I 'm guessing you were still upstairs .
tr	I	It filled with blood from his damaged proboscis , but Connie opened his mouth to speak .
tr	O	The office was out of his voice , but he still sounded tired .
tr	I	I didn 't bother looking back , but I heard her call after me .
tr	I	He never told me what , but he said it was short for something else .
tr	O	Her voice even sounded like Isabella 's , only slightly deeper , but that may have been a deliberate attempt to sound more mysterious .
tr	O	Her mother had signed her up and she had curiously scanned through the possibilities .
tr	I	They made room for us and we walked to the front .
tr	I	Scarlett could see again and the haze lifted .
tr	I	Against the advice of her father , she married him , and he swept Peggy Maxwell off her feet .
tr	O	What mattered most was the present , and that was what he focused on .
tr	O	Bitter acid rose in the back of her throat and Sarah struggled to fight it back .
tr	O	He shouted orders to his men , and they fanned out in a hurry .
tr	I	They had only one more left , and that meant he had blown an entire night together .
tr	O	She hadn 't seen him act this way before , and it frightened her .
tr	I	Instead I let Realm manipulate me , but I should have been with him .
tr	O	He was a bit of a dreamer and that inability to concentrate got him killed .
tr	I	His face pale , and Elijah 's eyes were shadowed .
tr	I	I looked like the Adams family , and she looked like the stereotypical California beach babe .
tr	O	I didn 't have particularly warm feelings for Turtle , but he was my boss .
tr	O	I looked out the peephole even though I was expecting Winslow , because you never know , but of course it was him .
tr	I	She still wanted you , and you told her about your past , which you 've never shared with anyone besides me .
tr	O	His control was razor thin , and she didn 't understand how dangerous he was .
tr	O	I don 't want anything to look bad for Made Here , and I don 't want anything to look bad for the school .
tr	I	I don 't see an end to that , and I want to be with her , Piper .
tr	O	Hemp shouted , and I did .
tr	I	Jax held on , but she pulled away .
tr	I	Conversely , I had less power , but topside , we had more room .
tr	O	Denny grabbed my waist and we moved closely together .
tr	O	The drug activity was not part of the investigation , but I made note of it in my dictation , just the same .
tr	I	Slowly everyone came into the house , but it took several minutes .
tr	I	I 'm the host and this is my funeral .
tr	O	I let him stop me , but I refused to face him .
tr	I	I had never hoped for something so much but I wasn 't sure if she 'd get it .
tr	I	It was so worth it , but there were more than three days ' worth of calories in that meal .
tr	O	Just then the door opened and heavy footsteps broke the silence .
tr	I	Eyes looked down and heads turned away .
tr	O	He hurt her , of course , but he didn 't ruin her life .
tr	I	Early dawn came as a dense glow and a thick fog was blocking the sky .
tr	O	She knows where my scars are hidden and she 's the kind of person who wonders things .
tr	I	It did not kill her , yet the woman knew the truth , lived with it .
tr	O	Her demeanor changed and it seemed like some type of light turned on in her head .
tr	O	Eventually , the Barrier Wardens managed to win over on the invaders , but it was too late to be of any help .
tr	I	You looked incredible last night , but you 've always been pretty .
tr	I	They showered and after they got out of bed , she made breakfast for them .
tr	I	Sarah felt her head grow light , and the sudden brightness stung her eyes .
tr	O	he gestured toward my crumpled soul mate and my heart broke into pieces .
tr	O	He possessed a flowing grace We stood , and I grabbed the newcomer 's hand .
tr	O	The rest were of either anthropological subject matters , or those related with psychology .
tr	I	It looked like it had been done with his fingers , but he had made an effort to comb his ragged cut hair .
tr	I	He felt as if Tony were here , condemning him through his wife , but he didn 't begrudge Nikki a shoulder to lean on .
tr	O	His eyes locked with Carmine 's after a moment , and even across the room he could see the coldness .
tr	O	Her hand bumped the glass , and it tilted precariously .
tr	O	You saw the real me , and you cared about her .
tr	I	He stepped silently toward the golden-haired girl , and the fear he 'd felt at the party came back , even stronger than before .
tr	I	That didn 't mean he was a wizard , but his friend Scott was born with six toes .
tr	I	Heard the roaring of a distant Sea , And I turned .
tr	O	My jaw opened wide , but no words came out .
tr	O	Sexton 's personal cellphone rang , and he fished in his pocket to grab it .
tr	I	They did manage to acknowledge her but they were still frustrated with Thomas .
tr	O	Her matching red panties come into view , and I know I can 't watch anymore .
tr	O	Our heads didn 't touch like I thought they would , but they were close .
tr	O	She held her fingers up to her face and they came away red .
tr	I	It was a creature of potential peril , yet the tiger hadn 't overtly threatened them .
tr	I	Wow and after what seemed like an absolute age Sarah then exclaimed , ' Wow !
tr	O	Check asked and I nodded .
tr	O	Malcolm 's smart , and he 's cautious .
tr	O	So he 'd begun to care for her , but that was normal when you 'd been living with someone for weeks .
tr	I	He felt as if he had lost his arm and a piece of him had been taken away from him .
tr	I	My jaw was stuck shut , but I tried to open my mouth to speak .
tr	O	Valeria tried to prepare against Lea , but there was a problem .
tr	I	I stand in front of it and she 's sitting behind her desk .
tr	O	My hair was a tangled mess , my makeup lazily done , and my baggy clothing stood out like a sore thumb in this fancy up-scale place .
tr	I	She didn 't want to face her father and Ash was still missing .
tr	O	He shivered , and I shivered .
tr	I	Jamie hopped out , and the trunk popped .
tr	I	I don 't think anyone would know the difference but I 'd curse that your nose would fall off .
tr	O	A sudden shower of bullets passed by and another star shell lit up the landscape .
tr	O	Light was pouring in through my high windows , and my skin was slick with sweat .
tr	O	Her fingers were feverishly warm , and wisps of winter steam curled from her skin .
tr	I	No weakling would venture this deep into the unknown willingly , but his earlier timidity had marked him as a weakling in her mind .
tr	I	Nope , it wasn 't there , and she searched her instincts for anything resembling fear .
tr	O	I strain to listen for any sound , and all that comes back is glorious silence .
tr	I	Possibly still answering phone calls , but she 'd be done working .
tr	I	He watched her shirt tighten with the motion and she crossed her arms over her chest .
tr	I	She said Harry Smyth wanted to know if I still wanted to speak with him and I rang Maggie back .
tr	I	He couldn 't read her feelings from her expression , but he shot a worried glance her way .
tr	O	The wave of desire swooned over me and my breathing had escalated just a little .
tr	O	I was surrounded by those I loved , and together we would bring down the Syndicate .
tr	I	As she came upon him , she saw a change in his demeanour , but Alanna quickly ran over to help him to his feet .
tr	O	He 's been in exile a long time , and technology may have outpaced him .
tr	I	Something caught his eye and he reached for it .
tr	O	Veronica kept her chin up and her back ramrod straight .
tr	O	I didn 't know why , but he wanted to keep an eye on me .
tr	O	There were sounds of movement and the owners of those voices must have gone .
tr	I	I 'm not , but you must think I 'm terrible .
tr	O	I 'm flying by the seat of my pants and it should be awful , right ?
tr	O	I felt a little woozy looking at Jackson 's smile and I was sure the alcohol had something to do with it .
tr	I	The first cage was lifted and the loader was powered up .
tr	I	Heading out in to the country in the direction of One House and within half an hour of his arrival they were both in the car .
tr	I	The water settled again , but part of me expected her face to appear in the basin .
tr	I	I 'm not at all , but the nurses seem to think these wardens being here might embarrass me .
tr	I	She never did , but I thought she 'd come .
tr	O	I glance at Brenden one more time to make sure that he 's okay and he is .
tr	I	Too much light could blind , but too much darkness could kill .
tr	O	Won 't take more than a minute and I 'll be out of your hair .
tr	I	You allowed Annabelle to suffer for your crime , yet your actions killed your parents , not hers .
tr	I	I leaned into the hot water , the scent of my shampoo filling the room and the fingers stopped .
tr	O	There will only be one winner , but it 's whoever comes the closest that will get to kiss me .
tr	O	If my dad was hateful , he was hateful , and there was no point in helping him toward lingo for a new generation .
tr	O	Her feet were toasty warm and she had no desire to get up from bed .
tr	I	They had come to our rescue more than once , and they were her family .
tr	I	This was like that , and I 'd heard stories that giants could be invisible .
tr	I	Our joints don 't miss the cold , but we miss you .
tr	I	Instead he was falling forward , straight into their centers , but he tried to look away from those black , empty eyes .
tr	I	We aren 't going to starve to death , but our bologna might not have a first name .
tr	I	I followed her into Saks like a seven-year-old tailing her mother and the car dropped us off .
tr	I	The silence was foreboding and there was a long pause .
tr	O	she cried , clambering to her feet , but then she just stood still , staring at him .
tr	O	Spencer tried to move her legs under the covers , but they were strapped down with thick leather belts .
tr	O	It was too confusing and she could feel tears slipping down her cheeks .
tr	O	Zook tried to reach toward the ground , but it was already out of his reach .
tr	O	Her breath eased out and she slowed down even more .
tr	I	Most weekends he leaves work at the office , but you know him .
tr	O	Eileen tried to flip on a light , but the electricity had been turned off .
tr	O	She had some money saved up and her mom did ask her earlier if she wanted to go shopping tomorrow .
tr	O	Aiden opened his mouth , but there were no words .
tr	I	Jenny leaned forward , and he shuddered .
tr	O	Briggs opened the card , and a photograph fell out .
tr	I	I turn off the light , and Kira kicks off her shoes .
tr	I	She hadn 't but I kept thinking she would grow out of it as we got older .
tr	O	Her hair color had changed occasionally , but the outfit had remained a constant .
tr	I	He watched carefully what was happening with the large white pods , and Movement on the perimeter surrounding them caught his attention .
tr	I	Dread will not hear of it but I have tried to make amends .
tr	O	she whimpers , and I can hear the tears in her voice .
tr	O	He eyed me over suspiciously , and then his eyebrow arched up .
tr	O	I felt sleep take me and a warmth spread over me .
tr	I	His features freeze , telling me that I am correct and his eyes widen immediately .
tr	I	Her arms crossed in front of her , and Mrs. Muller was standing in front of the patio door with a serious look on her face .
tr	O	His back had been to me , but he turned over , so that we faced each other .
tr	O	' I suppose you 're right , ' Evie replied , but she knew she had to change his mind .
tr	I	I 'd given up on it a long time ago , and hating the cool kids takes an awful lot of energy .
tr	O	Paul started to rise with me but I held him down .
tr	I	There is not enough space for another bedroom if you want to build a party room upstairs , and that will be another whole family of four .
tr	O	They stood there , stunned , and all eyes turned to Giles .
tr	O	The other two officers stepped forward and each took an arm .
tr	I	I 'd choose these valiant warriors over a horde any day , but I might not have an army yet .
tr	I	For that , I was thankful , and the room was dimmed for the presentation .
tr	O	He was doing more of that lately and I never tired of the sight .
tr	O	She 'll come home to take care of it and Duffy will be waiting for her .
tr	I	The bandage unwound itself almost without my help and cautiously I snipped through the adhesive tape .
tr	O	Actually , I did , but I didn 't know how to say it .
tr	I	Her wide eyes freak me out and her head jerks up .
tr	I	She coughed to clear it , and her voice came out as a scared croak .
tr	I	It was the way of the Nomads and it was their instinct , their way .
tr	O	Her knees went weak , and he slid an arm down to band around her waist , securing her to him .
tr	I	He 'd never lost , and he had been in more fights than I could have imagined .
tr	I	Paul shifted his body to block his view , and Morgan eyed Andra 's sleeping form .
tr	I	Because he wanted to see Susan more we kept going back to the zoo and Joey had a great time on his date .
tr	I	As I looked around the forest , glowing animal eyes stared back at me and the air felt chillier than before .
tr	I	It was excruciating , but I tried to breathe through the pain .
tr	I	I could see him mouthing words and he bowed his head .
tr	O	The audition was downstairs , and he could see the stairway leading downwards at the side of the shop .
tr	I	I agreed when the hairdresser suggested layers , but I didn 't get much length cut off .
tr	I	She 'd left her hair disheveled , but she 'd taken the time to get out of her sleeping clothing .
tr	O	Clary didn 't think she 'd ever seen Izzy cry , and she was clearly trying not to now .
tr	O	He gave her the lead in the approach , but when their lips connected , he took over .
tr	O	The room buzzed for another moment , and I counted nearly a hundred people .
tr	O	I was surprised by the band 's sudden bustle , but of course they 'd done this many times before .
tr	O	The image of our brown-haired , blue-eyed national leader disappears , and I am relieved to be free of his deceptive gaze .
tr	O	The platform was surrounded by thousands of citizens , and the events taking place were being broadcast on large monitors , throughout the city around her .
tr	I	She couldn 't wait to see what she got on her math test from last week and she couldn 't wait to catch up with her friends .
tr	O	A hand circled my bare arm , and my heart lurched into my throat .
tr	O	Equilibrium is its name , but I think you 'll find you can 't use it .
tr	O	Individual particles were too small to be seen with the naked eye , but when they moved in groups they formed a visible air current .
tr	O	I wanted to look back to see the fire too , but somehow it seemed less threatening if I didn 't .
tr	O	Each grandmaster sends a group of students to the host 's tournament and the students compete in three divisions .
tr	O	She extended her hand and I took it , stepping forward until I stood directly in front of the peeling , clay urn .
tr	O	Blue light shimmered over the woman 's skin and her back arched up violently .
tr	O	There 's a massive trench full of muddy water and he splashes down into it , the water rising to his knees .
tr	I	We compared notes , and Katie called that night .
tr	O	When he spread my legs , my hands curled into fists and I sucked in as much air as my lungs would hold .
tr	O	Leah nodded , and they headed to the closet .
tr	O	She 'd lost her husband and now she 'd lost Colin .
tr	I	Afterwards they continued on through the London streets at a slower pace , and he held her by the elbow so she did not topple over .
tr	O	He acted goofy , but I never underestimated his ability to read people .
tr	O	Years are there for a reason and they have a way of piling up when they 're feeling neglected .
tr	O	Karen the hospice nurse knew all about the five stages of grieving , but she wouldn 't get the chance to experience even one of them .
tr	I	A thought floated through the back of his head , an idea , and he dozed with her in his arms .
tr	O	Heat filled her cheeks , and she was certain they turned a deep shade of scarlet .
tr	O	He jerked back and nausea hit .
tr	I	I am , but I don 't know why I 'm so curious .
tr	I	The lack of a decent sleep was catching up with me , and maybe my brain was overwhelmed from everything I 'd learned .
tr	O	You are safe , though , and you 'll be fine in a few days , physically at least .
tr	I	I frowned and Lucky sighed .
tr	I	His skin was pale and his eyes were red .
tr	O	The two of them hurried through the gate , and he closed it behind them .
tr	I	Their eyes had been too busy watching the knives , but most of them knew I was there .
tr	O	I 'm kissing down and he 's kissing up .
tr	I	His attention was now focused upon Luther , his eyes still their beautiful ice blue color , but Cassie turned toward Julian .
tr	O	It seemed that if the flames stayed against her they wouldn 't burn anything , but the sparks that shot off burned whatever they hit .
tr	I	It was exactly what I craved , and there was no foreplay , only this .
tr	O	The white tents were gleaming against the night sky and the smell of clam broth was in the air .
tr	I	Eventually they succumb , but they fight it for hours , trying to come up with a plan to save me .
tr	O	I clutch Eros closer , and he begins to cry .
tr	O	I want answers , but at the same time , I 'm terrified of what they are .
tr	I	Sergeant Garcia must have weighed over 300 pounds , but I knew I could stand to shed a few pounds .
tr	I	She appeared to be a nice lady , but Franz didn 't know her very well .
tr	O	They don 't say anything outright , but everyone knows .
tr	O	It was a humble existence , but we were happy .
tr	O	As soon as we reached the village I heard the clicking , but I didn 't access what it was .
tr	O	It 's been held back for so long , but it 's finally out .
tr	O	Sean starts laughing , and at first I 'm horrified that he 's laughing at me .
tr	I	This time retrieve what he thinks is the treasure of Oak Island and Rock will once again enter the underwater cavern .
tr	I	It wasn 't , but I draped both hands on top of my head , thinking that was what he wanted .
tr	I	Never anything quite like this , but we 've seen some oddities across the five kingdoms .
tr	I	She had limits , too , but she was a brave one , Bathory thought .
tr	I	His grip on me was suddenly less gentle , more charged , and his body stiffened .
tr	O	I asked , and Maya sighed , pulling the rubber bands off the folder .
tr	I	That thing had been real , but I knew it sounded crazy .
tr	O	His eyes bulged and his skin turned an odd purple color .
tr	O	They were strange , but they were real .
tr	I	We think the cheese is like the white fudge from John 's report on Belinda White , but we 're not experts at magical formulas .
tr	I	You said you were , and we asked you if you were with us .
tr	O	With Happy Meal toys it was even easier , and Edwin was beginning to succumb to pester power .
tr	I	Once he realized it , he found it disturbing , and that wasn 't exactly what he wanted to hear .
tr	O	It felt so good , and at the same time , I could hardly stand it .
tr	I	He didn 't want to say anything inappropriate , and he still wasn 't sure about this guy 's relationship with Jase .
tr	I	Nolen nodded and he asked .
tr	I	The floor creaked and Jason got to his feet .
tr	O	She didn 't look at him for a long time , but she scooted ever so slightly closer to him on the couch .
tr	O	Aiden opened his mouth , but his brother rushed on .
tr	I	Nothing he wrote stuck in her mind , but she finally recalled a boy named Bobby who had asked her out once .
tr	O	Something had put Jason into a foul mood , and I wondered if there was anyone with him .
tr	I	That 's when it hit me ... and it was almost as if the entire season of autumn was bundled into this small area .
tr	I	He shook his head and he thought about Chris 's comment on his ego .
tr	O	It was made of red brick , and the corners were trimmed with gold .
tr	I	He reached in his pocket , all while never moving his lips away from mine , and his hand quickly left my back .
tr	O	Now shadows moved across the ground , and I caught the occasional flash of animal eyes .
tr	O	She uses her stern voice and I get to my feet .
tr	I	Something stopped him , but Sebastian would have liked to return with a quip about figurative stakes through the heart .
tr	I	There was more data than would fit on a DVD , but Ed would need a copy of the disk as well as the report .
tr	I	At least it was less stupefying than hearing him laugh , but it scared her as usual .
tr	O	The handle twisted slowly , and the door came open .
tr	I	The bumpy track was making it progress difficult , but he had picked up speed in the chariot .
tr	I	He followed her , but Max was not as swift as she was .
tr	I	I struggled to keep it from showing , and it scared me .
tr	O	I 've met McKenzie , and I agree with Blake .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop them and the hurtful words just kept flowing .
tr	I	Now he resembled a warped version of Snow White resting in her glass coffin and the tank was transparent .
tr	I	I have not seen him for 10 years and my only son had to go into hiding .
tr	I	The crowd milled about , chatting , moving to the other end of the room and the house lights came up .
tr	O	She shook her head in disgust , and I wished I 'd stayed by the silo .
tr	O	She crossed over to her sister-in-law , looking hesitant , unsure , but that seemed to melt away when Wendy gave her a hug .
tr	I	He couldn 't attribute it to a typical morning and he was hard .
tr	I	Marriages rarely included love , and T was a marriage .
tr	O	If you recall , our home was invaded , and the vampire knows where it is .
tr	O	In fact , it was rather nice to be so obviously desired , but I had no interest in a random hookup .
tr	O	The only person that actually smiled at me was Carly , and that was a smile that told me that she knew something that I didn 't .
tr	I	It 's kind of personal to me , and this is my last song for the night .
tr	O	It also means that there will be times when I will kiss you , and you will kiss me .
tr	I	Maybe now he wouldn 't attack her like a rabid animal , but he didn 't think he had a chance in hell of actually sleeping .
tr	I	My back teeth slammed together , and Taylor made a sound of distress .
tr	I	A boyfriend wasn 't in the plan , and he 'd basically played out her future in his head .
tr	O	Lexi had to force herself not to plead with him , but she was desperate enough .
tr	O	Devon bristled slightly under his scrutiny , but he remained where he was , mainly because he was not going to release Cassie 's hand again .
tr	O	Granted , my finger disappeared down through the key , but luckily , the sensitive keyboard recognized my touch .
tr	I	He isn 't sure which side he wants to claim victory and I sense that Knox is battling something internally .
tr	O	The facility was deserted outside the glass wall , but I could hear the nearby murmur of voices .
tr	O	Then her body toppled over , and she fell into the interior .
tr	I	Immediately she felt the loss of his body heat and sighing , he instead pushed himself away from her .
tr	I	Every instinct I had left told me to stay back , but I wanted to throw myself at her .
tr	I	I barely felt it , but I was fairly sure I hit hard enough to leave a bruise .
tr	I	He stepped away from the door , and the stiffness in his clenched jaw eased a little .
tr	O	I heard him behind me and I increased my pace .
tr	I	She clutched at him and for a moment she was frightened .
tr	O	They murmured their good-byes , and Aric left the study .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure who this guy was , but he could give Ash a run for his money in the appearance department .
tr	O	Fury was boiling inside of her right then , and she was going to let that fury out .
tr	I	They would be looking at everything , and we 'd be crossing borders .
tr	I	Then his raspy voice turned serious , and he sounded amused for a second .
tr	O	I have known Edward all my life -- and I have never been shy with him .
tr	O	I didn 't feel like attempting an excuse , and Eddie wasn 't the type to badger me .
tr	I	That wasn 't possible , but the hot wetness stung his eyes , almost as if he was crying .
tr	I	She just wasn 't sure which way , but Oriole 's years with Fred convinced her he was working her .
tr	I	She gingerly pushed against one side of the jewel , and the gem in the crown glowed in the moonlight .
tr	I	I sit , crossing my legs and he gestures to a beige couch .
tr	I	No effort could take me further at this time , but I tried to hold channelling to the Marbles .
tr	O	I need someone here so I 'm not alone and Angelina understands that .
tr	I	He wanted to write it clearly , and he had an answer read because he 'd given much thought to the issue .
tr	I	She had a point , but I scowled at Elaine .
tr	I	I hear your every wish , and I know everything you know .
tr	O	Rachel had spoken without pause , and the effort seemed to have drained her .
tr	O	He was leading me somewhere and the light was strengthening as we went .
tr	I	It was my fault she wasn 't coming too and clearly the whole thing was my fault .
tr	I	Feeling a nervous rush but looking into the curious eyes of her friends , she couldn 't help .
tr	O	The outside light hits it just right and his hair looks like it 's glistening .
tr	I	The area was lit just enough to see the faces of the two men who had broken into the clinic , but it was dark .
tr	I	The night airs were invading the cabin and the fire was beginning to die .
tr	O	I know not what you intend - but I assume it is not trivial .
tr	I	Drake had been too busy listening to Malcolm 's twisted tale , but she 'd tried to warn him .
tr	O	We 're greeted by a blonde hostess wearing a pair of teal vintage glasses , and I immediately smile at the sight of them .
tr	I	She turned toward her prey , and a fierce , predatory joy rushed through her .
tr	O	She was smart enough to know her father 's status had everything to do with their actions , but she 'd grown used to being in charge .
tr	I	The temperature had risen to miserable levels , and the storm had passed .
tr	I	Mom blocked the way , but Bex started to follow .
tr	I	Caleb stopped her , but Noelle started to unhook the tube from the IV .
tr	O	It 's only for two hours , and he 's well taken care of .
tr	I	They exchanged glances , and terror seeped into their eyes .
tr	I	Justus had spent years living in much worse , but to anybody else it might have been hell .
tr	I	I 'm too tense to even sneeze but the broom beside me rains down dust .
tr	O	His car engine revved to life , and she listened as he sped away .
tr	I	I made myself comfortable on a log , and the little boy darted forward to tend to the flames .
tr	O	If we give them a chance , I think they will show their true worth , and they will show that they are human .
tr	O	I had tried more than once to direct one of those earth-shattering smiles my way , but she hardly glanced at me .
tr	I	He prized that above all , and she had honesty , too .
tr	I	The blankets too fancy to be comfortable and the bed was too soft .
tr	I	All would be lost and he would report me .
tr	I	I would never do that , but I could have it all paid for with one phone call to Mrs. Stone .
tr	I	That was all it took , and his eyes burned into me .
tr	I	I have allowed it to fester for you and I let that reputation develop .
tr	O	Though , nothing was said about her future , and she didn 't dare to ask .
tr	I	It was as if the night itself stopped to listen to her , and ' Things were not easy for me , before , ' she said .
tr	O	Her mouth drops open and her eyes flutter shut in pleasure .
tr	O	No doubt my phone was getting a good charge back at Marc 's house , but that did me little good now .
tr	O	It wasn 't a lie , but I have felt better .
tr	I	I need my privacy , but I may be old .
tr	I	After their firm handshake Chief Coleman left , and Principal Crosby thanked him for the assistance .
tr	O	The tracing team were alerted and the call went to speakerphone .
tr	O	I turn my head , and it becomes cradled in his hand .
tr	O	I was met with icy cold silence that traveled down my spine and I regretted my last few items .
tr	I	None of them have ever stacked up to First Colonial , and I 've tried half the banks in this city .
tr	I	I knew who might be , but I wasn 't hungry .
tr	O	I even tried Hunter but he told me he 's not getting in the middle .
tr	O	I heard a bit more scuffling and a couple low swears .
tr	O	The little man had a towel about his waist and he was sweating profusely .
tr	I	That just intrigued me further , and they were covering him up .
tr	O	Dad started laughing like he 'd said something tremendously witty , and I offered up a weak grin in return , hoping I 'd missed the joke .
tr	O	The White House is her marker and I 'm merely the carrier pigeon .
tr	I	That may be our biggest advantage here : our brains , and we have something the dinosaurs didn 't have .
tr	I	I stuck with the requested water , but she would appreciate a glass of wine more .
tr	O	Our laughter began to slowly die down and we were left grinning at each other .
tr	I	A moment later heard the kitchen faucet running , and I watched him push through the swinging door .
tr	O	It was a sight he was sure would make any man 's mouth water , and he was no exception .
tr	I	He didn 't smile , and he didn 't answer .
tr	I	I nod and she asks .
tr	O	James called after her , but she quickened her pace .
tr	O	She might have asked for his assistance , but Davido had come only to support her .
tr	O	She knew what I held in my hand , and she reveled in it .
tr	I	I can feel the cold glass against my skin and my body floats at the top of the tank .
tr	I	It worked just as well in the civilian world , but it was an insult leveled toward anyone not infantry Marine .
tr	O	He wanted to wrap his arms around both of them , but he didn 't dare .
tr	I	Thankfully she didn 't trip once , and they both hurtled down the stairs .
tr	I	He was trembling , but indeed , Panos had his hands clasped , eyes down .
tr	I	The reporter gave none a serious chance , the three all distant Romanovs , but three more names had been offered .
tr	I	He held it towards me with a sheepish smile and he had a small package in his hands .
tr	I	This is the first time under my command that we have had to use it , but we have kept the dreadnought on standby constantly for decades .
tr	O	Hank looked over his shoulder , but Kowalski flashed his beam down .
tr	I	We rushed back towards Sophia who was with Rhea and he agreed .
tr	I	There is a nightstand but there are no lamps .
tr	I	It was always nice to know he lusted back , and it was good to know she could still lust after a man .
tr	I	Finding Skyler again made her think she might at least find comfort , but she knew she could never have that life back .
tr	O	Michael was shaking , but he stayed rational .
tr	I	Her checks grew red , and she caught herself .
tr	I	He really enjoyed doing it and he charged a decent rate .
tr	I	I held the necklace gingerly in my hands , and the small dainty pearl shined up at me .
tr	I	Kara continued her sleep and the three adults left .
tr	I	I was no longer looking at the book , but Roth nodded as he flipped to the next page .
tr	I	He did fear being overthrown , but he could assuage his own fears for long lengths of time .
tr	I	The fire service was on hand less than ten minutes later , and a passer-by called 999 .
tr	I	I 've never regretted it , and I signed over my rights when you were pregnant .
tr	O	He pulled my face up to look at his and we stood there staring at each other , wordlessly .
tr	O	She started laughing and I turned to look at her in shock .
tr	O	I 'm damned sure not a teenager and I don 't think I 'd remind you much of a Rastafarian , either .
tr	O	It felt oddly safe - though it was far from - and I began to wonder if I was equating imprisonment with security .
tr	O	Inspiration struck and I texted Nick to tell him I wanted him to take me to a movie .
tr	I	At first he was not sure of what he had seen and as Daniel maneuvered the torch , the smoke irritated his eyes .
tr	I	I heaved a weary sigh all to myself , and I heard the water running after a second .
tr	I	He agreed that the grandkids should be out of harm 's way , but Paul could tell he knew the truth of his daughter 's chances .
tr	I	These jeans cost me more than a thousand dollars , and I spent way too much on this sport jacket .
tr	I	He didn 't give a shit , but I tried talking to him about it .
tr	I	Renna shivered , and his eyes raked over her like a physical caress .
tr	I	My cheeks burn with heat , and she looks right at me .
tr	O	We tried to steer clear of them , but it turned out we were all waiting to see the horse master .
tr	O	His eyes opened and his eyebrows went up .
tr	I	His green eyes sparkled like dark emeralds , and he looked at the ceiling in thought for a moment before meeting her eyes again .
tr	O	My sister reached for me , but Dobson stepped in front of her , blocking her path .
tr	I	I resisted the urge to give in to its rhythm , and it was nearly hypnotic .
tr	O	Know what is likely to occur in most situations , and you can chart a surer path to your goal .
tr	I	My father was Carpathian and yes , my mother was human .
tr	I	Miriam cut her off , and Mana opened her mouth .
tr	O	His phone rang again , and he pulled it from his pocket .
tr	O	I don 't know - but the scars were purple .
tr	I	I congratulated myself on distracting her from her current crisis , even if just for a few minutes , and Emily laughed again .
tr	O	He backhanded her across the face , and she tasted blood in her mouth .
tr	I	It wasn 't overwhelming but the accent was there .
tr	I	With one last stab he shook against my back , coming inside me and he let out a ragged grunt .
tr	O	She was not certain that she believed it , but she had no other explanation .
tr	O	I want to smile but I hold it in .
tr	I	I turn to see a shadow emerge , and Movement in the brush catches my attention .
tr	O	Her glare grew more pronounced , but she didn 't dispute it .
tr	I	She was completely in the clear and there was no evidence on her .
tr	O	I was sore , deliciously sore , but I wouldn 't have told him so for anything .
tr	O	The ligaments had been stretched one too many times , but he refused to admit he needed a lighter weapon .
tr	I	You 're not missing anything on the Outside , and you 're in no danger .
tr	I	I wanted to talk to Martin without her hearing me but I didn 't want to leave her in there alone .
tr	O	You 're one of us , and we take care of our kind .
tr	O	Sam patted my head on the way out and together we ventured into the cold pastel morning .
tr	I	I fell asleep with his arms around me and soft words were spoken that I didn 't understand .
tr	O	Ella was out with her friends and he had been looking forward to some down time .
tr	I	She was grateful for his warmth as she processed the memories and lukas did not remove his hand from the base of her neck .
tr	I	Spider pressed it against his cheek , and he handed Spider a napkin .
tr	O	He wanted to make her his queen , but he knew perfectly well she wouldn 't go with him willingly .
tr	I	He was getting there now , but he hadn 't been nervous before .
tr	O	Dr. Kathryn Pritchard was my therapist and she 'd helped me come a long way in dealing with my post-traumatic stress disorder .
tr	O	He moves into the pantry and I shut the door behind him .
tr	I	Always I have recovered you and you have never failed me .
tr	O	Jack was a good shot , damn good , but Rachel was so unpredictable .
tr	O	She had no idea what kind of scientist the man was , but at least he had good taste in safes .
tr	I	She had no clue who he was , and he must care about her a lot .
tr	O	she said , and I tensed as she pulled away .
tr	I	She hadn 't aged a day , and that was almost five years ago .
tr	I	It would take more than blood to create this bond , but the desire was there on both sides .
tr	O	I 'm not sure exactly how to describe it , but I know you understand the emotions behind it .
tr	I	I start looking for a place she can recharge , and her sled gives an ominous whine .
tr	O	It had been four days , and they had gone by in a blinking haze .
tr	I	We couldn 't help ourselves , but we shouldn 't have done .
tr	I	She went in to pay and he merely held the door .
tr	O	My eyes blurred , and my hands shook slightly from the lingering adrenaline that had possessed me , keeping me focused throughout the night .
tr	O	Her body was cold but the pulse was there .
tr	I	It was cold , but there was some sort of soup in a plastic bowl .
tr	I	Before we leave , Andrew takes another step toward my father , but I rise .
tr	I	Heather rolled her eyes and Atlas 's ears flattened .
tr	O	I clicked a green button , and the treadmill began to move .
tr	O	Chuck nodded , and the other two couples passed communications silently to each other through their eyes .
tr	O	Her cl * t is all swollen , and I push the hood back with my thumb .
tr	I	Amanda stumbled forward and the door suddenly opened wide .
tr	O	We can guard King Martin well enough , but the rest of the government is at risk too .
tr	I	They didn 't need to talk about it and he 'd told her weeks ago that the past was the past .
tr	I	The sad fact was he was worse off than me but he kept up the appearance of having quite a bit of money .
tr	I	I would do anything to take that away from her and she was in excruciating pain .
tr	O	Numerous oak trees covered with Spanish moss grow on the golf course to the right , and a small river runs underneath the bridge ahead .
tr	I	I bid my fellows stop and we reach a service entrance .
tr	O	His arms were covered in bruises , and his eye was swollen shut .
tr	I	He was going to wear it with pride throughout the tournament , but he wasn 't sure if anyone would appreciate his uniform .
tr	I	Sierra hoped her father would let her leave now that Sandy had moved out , and Sandy was Mason 's problem now .
tr	I	I could see the naked fear in his eyes , and James looked at me .
tr	O	She loved him , damn it , and now he was trying to leave her too .
tr	O	Austen yelled , but it was too late .
tr	O	My eyes widened when they fell on Vincent , and he didn 't look happy to see me .
tr	O	It wasn 't at all that he 'd hurt her and she wanted him to pay for it .
tr	O	I draw my other hand up to fondle my breast , and as I do , I hear him suck in air .
tr	I	They were still into the longest days of summer , but the sun had set .
tr	O	She stopped on deck to let her eyes become used to it , but Mr. Elliott bumped into her .
tr	I	She had our brand on her alright and I managed to get to a cow .
tr	O	Pete nods , and he doesn 't move .
tr	I	Nobody was going to barge in , but Lady Newberry would have a fit if she was to barge in .
tr	I	He was enjoying himself way too much to allow that and her knowledge of his previous donations would keep her from arguing with him .
tr	I	It was bad and it was real .
tr	O	His cologne was a bit stronger than I preferred , but his adorable button-up shirt made up for that .
tr	O	The thought struck her as familiar , and yet it seemed odd .
tr	O	Tanner 's voice sounded a little off , but he couldn 't have been drunk yet .
tr	O	I stared at him , confused , and he laughed quietly at my expression .
tr	O	Della growled , her vision brightening , telling her that her eyes had as well , and her canines came out to play .
tr	O	It felt like torture , but I 'd faced worse .
tr	I	I didn 't like it , but nothing wrong with the name .
tr	O	I got a laceration above my eye and she broke her arm .
tr	O	I 'm cold and I 'm tired !
tr	O	It was the idea that he wasn 't only crippling mankind , but also turning brother against brother .
tr	O	Not that I want him to reopen the subject , but I can 't stop thinking how things would have progressed if we were not interrupted .
tr	O	I can kill you and you can turn me over to them so they can kill me !
tr	O	A boat had been idling outside , and the noise had masked the sound of Robert 's arrival .
tr	O	Thomas could already tell that this was going to be a long trip , and it had nothing to do with it being on foot .
tr	O	Dr. Jenkins is on the case right now , and you know how he is about unauthorized people in his morgue .
tr	O	Yvan laughed so hard and I don 't understand him .
tr	O	Brother Thomas eyes were still closed and his head leaned forward to the ground .
tr	I	Suddenly her body became black smoke , but the tip of his sword had met her flesh .
tr	O	When Yama finished his tale the sky outside had darkened and a soft light now spread through the trailer from hidden sources somewhere in the ceiling .
tr	O	They had nothing in common , and he hoped they never would .
tr	I	Nobody gives a shit and people know this goes on .
tr	I	Perhaps it was just the most important part so felt tricky , or this was the tricky part .
tr	I	A sign hung over it , prohibiting any customer from wandering in and the door was closed .
tr	I	I knew Steve was getting closer , but I was about to ask him .
tr	I	It was more than apparent that I had to rescue myself somehow , but I don 't remember any discussion about her bloody hair at all .
tr	I	Diana looked startled too , maybe just at hearing Cassie break the silence she 'd kept so long and Melanie 's eyebrows went up .
tr	I	The memories came pouring out and it was as if someone had opened a sealed door .
tr	I	Peter mentioned nothing about what had happened , and Peter 's driver brought Luis back to his apartment .
tr	O	I had promised , and I had forgotten .
tr	O	I wasn 't really going to force her to do it but she didn 't call my bluff .
tr	I	Several men walked among them , and Tiny sprouts were appearing in careful rows piled in the dirt .
tr	I	If it happens again , you call us , but it was probably just someone trying to find a way in out of the cold .
tr	O	I hear myself speaking in the voice I cultivated as an initiation instructor , but this time I use it in jest .
tr	I	Half the cops hated him too and there 's nothing really connecting you .
tr	O	The town sat against a hillside , a small hamlet of farmers , and Adelaide spotted it as she crested a hill .
tr	I	Something else entirely filled his eyes , and the puzzled look faded .
tr	I	Windows soared from the floor to the roofline and it was a signature Palm Spring fifties Modernist design where the roof angled up .
tr	O	Closing his eyes , he tried to concentrate on her whereabouts , but the intense pain clouded his mind , making coherent thought impossible .
tr	O	When he entered the room , his smile was gone and she stood up , instantly concerned .
tr	O	She had always liked the man , but now recalled that he too had an allergy to sunlight .
tr	O	A few more steps , and they were in darkness .
tr	O	I could paint the smallest details of a tree on a canvas , but I couldn 't master my toes - as pathetic as that was .
tr	O	It 's just off Old Georgetown in North Bethesda and I need to get there as quickly as possible .
tr	O	Buster tended to be a little cantankerous around strangers , but he saw that he didn 't have to worry .
tr	O	I pretty much fell onto the landing and Indigo fell like a rag doll with me .
tr	O	The whole business had taken me almost three years , but considering how important it was , I felt it was time well spent .
tr	I	Turned on the player and * * * Meg put in a music disc .
tr	O	He expected his operatives to stay in peak condition , and this was where Kim spent most of her spare time .
tr	O	The bay had been shot out from under Vale , and Sam had seen him jump clear of the falling horse .
tr	I	He noticed that the moon had a strange yellow haze and the air smelled a bit stale .
tr	O	Thankfully Georgia recovered and for a while he thought they might be able to have a successful marriage .
tr	O	He glanced at the broken phone on the ground and he couldn 't mask the guilt in his eyes .
tr	O	I could hear her , but that was nothing new .
tr	O	I found it difficult to spend any money on myself , but I had no problem helping others .
tr	O	This wasn 't Ally , and it wasn 't anyone Mackie recognized .
tr	O	The room starts to flood with silver smoke and it collapses .
tr	I	Only getting the odd whiff of torn elephant and like an audience at the Coliseum watching barbarity .
tr	I	Jennifer felt as if her life were ending , and the crowd parted automatically to admit the priest .
tr	O	His desire for revenge had faded , and he was left only with regrets .
tr	I	She hadn 't heard one word about the baby and it had been days now since Tammy had been rushed in .
tr	I	Vikram always had to hold himself back , but it didn 't seem to bother her .
tr	O	Wesley was unused to the humid conditions and he gratefully sipped from his thermos of chilled water .
tr	O	I 'm pretty sure I saw some more banana trees , and we already know there are coconuts .
tr	O	It was his favorite , and he 'd insisted that it be displayed somewhere downstairs .
tr	I	That wasn 't the point , but I know it 'll suck .
tr	I	He was so handsome , and I looked so happy .
tr	O	His expression changed and I could see a flow of different emotions cross his face .
tr	I	She was shuffling her feet uncertainly and Savannah had an overnight bag slung over her shoulder .
tr	I	He didn 't care , and Sebastian didn 't know what she was .
tr	O	My mouth went dry , and my legs seemed to be made of straw .
tr	I	Harriet went to the kitchen and Ted murmured his thanks .
tr	O	Haven opened her mouth to say something but the words caught in her throat .
tr	O	It was dark , but a thin sliver of moonlight illuminated the cabin .
tr	I	I felt bad for inflicting that on him , and I knew Jesse suffered everything I did when I handled .
tr	O	I may get hurt : my heart to bleed but for her it was a chance I would seize .
tr	O	Midnight continued to purr loudly and the sound was vaguely comforting .
tr	O	Since they were alone in the room , he accepted her affection but he didn 't like it when others might see him .
tr	O	Abby pointed to their left , and Snake turned the car again .
tr	O	Fists are suddenly beating on Charlie 's window and before I can retrieve the phone from the floorboard , her door is being jerked open .
tr	O	She had seen Aunty hang herbs from their ceiling to dry them before , but she had never seen so many at the same time .
tr	O	His mousy brown hair was windblown , and his face was pinched with displeasure .
tr	O	I want to say something to her , but a man grabs me .
tr	O	Her voice sounded far away to her , yet other sounds seemed too loud .
tr	I	While I walked toward my car , I had an odd feeling like I was being watched and I left the mall .
tr	I	I could see the faint outlines of his tattoos underneath the long sleeved white uniform shirt and my head was pressed against his chest .
tr	I	She had no time to concern herself , but the language on several signs was oriental , possibly Chinese .
tr	I	She was so tired of being surrounded by death , and she hadn 't known real freedom in so long .
tr	O	He needed to go with them , but Pam was clinging to him , clutching handfuls of his black T-shirt in her fists .
tr	O	Marcus let go and I stumbled forward .
tr	O	I poured some under the running water , and the smell instantly started to calm me .
tr	I	Then I hang up the phone , and we exchange a few more quick pleasantries .
tr	O	The Acolyte pushed her out the bathroom window and he left her .
tr	I	Both their faces lit up and they spotted me .
tr	I	My tongue made it hard to swallow , and I felt dizzy .
tr	I	You worry too much and Moore talks too much .
tr	I	The two big guys block my escape , but the elevator door opens just as I turn to run .
tr	I	She wouldn 't mate , considering how sexual his son was and privately she wondered how he could even think Domenico .
tr	O	Max wanted her to be satisfied , and he was putting her needs first .
tr	O	I stared over at Gee and she glanced away from me .
tr	I	Even though he must have been crazy mad , I swear to God he smiled , and the Eagle shook his head .
tr	O	He was being swept toward them , and now he could tell more about his situation .
tr	O	She didn 't trust these men , and she wasn 't about to make it easy for them to kill her .
tr	I	They knew each other , but they ignored each outwardly .
tr	I	The sound of her crying killed me and she was in the bathroom .
tr	O	I peeked into Thatcher 's then Sadie 's windows but she was nowhere to be found .
tr	I	It hadn 't had a happy ending , but her story had come to a close .
tr	O	As they ate , Tyler talked to her about sailing , and she listened intently , genuinely interested .
tr	I	The city government fell quickly , and Monterrey didn 't prepare for the invasion .
tr	I	There were more now , but she recognized some faces from her first trip to the cave .
tr	O	I have to be in Washington D. C. by Monday and I have a few stops to make on the way .
tr	O	They 're your kids and you could have left some food for them .
tr	I	He was sound asleep at the table , but I tried saying good-bye to Sylvester .
tr	I	When she 'd said my name , I recognized the voice , but I didn 't notice her at first .
tr	O	I went to open the car door but Piper still had one of my hands .
tr	O	Sure , she 'd learned she came from money , but he didn 't look to be hurting , himself .
tr	O	Her hair is brushed back , and she 's wearing the long black dress I 'd seen her in earlier .
tr	I	She had to find someone to help her , and Chloe wasn 't answering her phone again .
tr	O	His own back throbbed viciously as if he 'd been slammed against the wall too , but he didn 't care .
tr	I	Finally the bolt broke free , but it took a few tries .
tr	O	There was a long pause before Suzanne answered , but then she said it very simply .
tr	I	She moaned with pleasure and Seth lowered his mouth to her ear .
tr	O	The sounds from inside were louder , and the front door was already ajar .
tr	O	Cy turned back , and I waved him on .
tr	I	Then he 'd deal with Wade , and he told them he 'd get her to a hospital .
tr	I	That is just the way he liked it and the likelihood of meeting anyone was fairly remote .
tr	I	Cole could feel the heat of her skin radiating off her and they were standing just inches apart .
tr	O	Carl now walked over , and Sheen helped Libby hobble over to stand around Eustace .
tr	I	The Parma faithful went berserk , and it was an amazing , fearless , acrobatic maneuver .
tr	I	He was holding my homerun until I agreed and the man knows how to run my bases .
tr	I	I could feel myself blushing , and images of Will would flash across my mind .
tr	I	The sight was sickening to behold , and instead he was responding to her , delighting in her .
tr	I	We have to make decisions and Life is our roadway .
tr	O	Last of all I gripped my father 's hand , but he shocked everyone there by firmly shaking my hand in return rather than moving briskly away .
tr	I	I see you in him , and I see myself in him .
tr	O	He is important for fulfilling the prediction and he won 't manage it without your help .
tr	I	Her body felt warm against mine and she held on to me tightly .
tr	O	A bell rang and children appeared on the grass behind us , yelling , laughing , lifetimes to be lived .
tr	O	I don 't really want to get into it , and yet at the same time , I like talking to Ryan .
tr	O	The moon was up and a soft light filtered in through a high window over the hayloft .
tr	O	I had thought of Tiffany as a walking , talking version of Microsoft Excel , but she had more soul than I 'd given her credit for .
tr	I	That didn 't sit well with me , and the council said to be watching my every move from now on .
tr	O	It didn 't feel like much of a secret anymore , and Nadine had already had contact with her .
tr	O	The offer tempted Runa , but she fled from it , before she could say yes .
tr	I	I had no recent calls but I then looked at the phone log .
tr	I	We fell asleep and he wrapped his body around mine .
tr	I	I would move forward and I had an objective .
tr	I	I read over the text message and my phone beeps from my pocket .
tr	I	I finally found the right street , but it took me a long time .
tr	O	Our child will be , and of course you have Jacques .
tr	O	They rustled gently and low-level echoes of the sound came back off the alley 's walls .
tr	O	She never responded to his shouts , but neither did she flinch .
tr	I	She moved her head to block his view and he glanced behind her to the parking lot .
tr	O	She was Selene 's height , but far more curvaceous .
tr	O	I tried to squirm away , but he held me too tightly .
tr	I	It was hard to know for sure , but we assumed fourteen .
tr	I	I nodded gratefully , but it unnerved me .
tr	O	The corners of his lips quirk and for a second his old playful attitude slips through , despite it being an inappropriate time .
tr	I	Emma was too excited to see him to care about being the perfect Greek wife but they tumbled back against the sofa .
tr	I	His new wife had done for the past five years was argue and it seemed like all my dad .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to try for two and she 'd already had one Navy husband .
tr	O	Then they were at the front , and everyone was gathering to take their leave .
tr	I	His stockings were quickly wet with blood , and they peppered Laurence 's legs , stinging like a flock of bees .
tr	O	I held out my hand to shake his , but he swung his arm around my neck instead .
tr	I	Beyond that , there was no hope for anything else , but he might have used her for food .
tr	I	Their lives will never be the same again and the paths of these three people are united by war .
tr	I	Madison had to work , and Brianna had school .
tr	I	She felt she had a lifetime to know him , but he might have married her for custody reasons .
tr	I	Final y startled a rabbit out of the brush , and he drove into the New Wood , got out .
tr	O	Eleanor started , and the cake vendor , who 'd been watching with evident enjoyment , looked worried .
tr	O	It wasn 't gourmet cuisine , but it was still pretty good .
tr	I	The next she was gone , and one second she was smacking her gum by the fireplace .
tr	I	I glanced over at it in the darkness , and a large white truck pulled up .
tr	I	The bus doors were starting to close as I rushed up , and the stop was down the block .
tr	O	She reminded herself that they were strangers , but somehow it didn 't feel that way .
tr	O	She tried one , but it was dead .
tr	O	I sat , stunned , and Avril looked at me .
tr	O	I was pretty sure Rhys and I had just made love .
tr	I	He took another step closer and his tone was angry .
tr	O	Things are done , and that 's it .
tr	O	I told my friend Marla what I experienced the first time and we 're curious to see if it happens to her .
tr	I	She held her breath to hear better and her eyes darted from building to building .
tr	O	A handsome , twenty-something valet tried to open my door , but Nick had to open it .
tr	I	It was not what he was looking for , but that much of Reinhard 's explanation made sense .
tr	O	The Templar started to walk towards the town , intending to pass through on his way further north , but the German grabbed his arm .
tr	I	Her back started to get cold and the bag was over her shoulder .
tr	I	He reinforced the command with one of his own , but Gregori could tell she had secured him for the night .
tr	O	My initial instinct is to argue , but deep down I know she 's right .
tr	I	You will not get to say your goodbyes , and otherwise we shall not be passing it along .
tr	O	Yes , it was appealing in an action hero sort of way , but at the same moment Brent 's bloodied face returned in graphic detail .
tr	O	I 'm sure NASA had all kinds of ideas , but now I have to come up with one on my own .
tr	I	He picked it up , and the telephone on his desk rang .
tr	I	He turned to see Ophelia 's lips moving and the whimpering caught him off-guard .
tr	O	The claim that it was my blood on the woman was probably a lie , but the paring knife had been missing from my kitchen for weeks .
tr	I	He lunged , kicking the gun from her grasp and she dodged .
tr	I	Therefore he sought me out instead , and I assumed you had already reached the Mirror .
tr	I	For Markman there was no sense of acceleration at all , but the tube rider shot out of the chamber .
tr	I	A tingle moved through her , and he flashed his infamous smile .
tr	O	Neil reached for her , but she pushed his arms away .
tr	O	He asked if Xavier was in and she said it didn 't matter .
tr	O	I mean Charlie and I came to church for the holidays , because it was part of the family tradition .
tr	O	Watching him pleasure her had been unbearably erotic , and she wondered whether he felt the same way .
tr	I	Tavi followed , and Chapter 37 Ambassador Varg fled through the tunnels of the Deeps .
tr	O	Eric didn 't stand any straighter than usual , but his air of command was unmistakable .
tr	O	His eyes were closed , and my heart turned over .
tr	I	She leaned her head to the side , but Bruce turned her slightly , probably dying to get away from the chatty guy .
tr	O	He gestured at the remote , and I rolled my eyes .
tr	I	It was starting to trust the animal that it smelled and it knew he wasn 't entirely human .
tr	I	Rachel tried to cover up her laughter and Daniel looked at her as though she had three heads .
tr	I	Her voice was slightly softer , but she didn 't sound sympathetic , exactly .
tr	O	She looked at me to make sure I was listening , and then she continued .
tr	I	They were far from readable , but dark eyes regarded him frankly .
tr	O	Harrison waved to the Captain and the rest of the raiding party advanced .
tr	I	Boss sighed , and Ryan choked .
tr	I	I guess that is what truly helped and the situation was different .
tr	I	Then shake my head no and I sniffle .
tr	I	Danvers was already out the door , but Max 's roar shook my eardrums .
tr	I	She opened her eyes again , and her brow furrowed .
tr	O	I 'm no political chameleon during the elections but bills have to be paid .
tr	I	At the same time she found comfort in his arms but Ryan made her nervous .
tr	I	Of course , at that moment , I had none of it , but Hindsight can be comforting .
tr	I	Great blues recordings came over the sound system but the band wasn 't there today .
tr	O	Next door was empty , and the other direction was storage space .
tr	O	I wanted to burst into the room , but I forced myself to wait .
tr	O	My mind wandered elsewhere and for a few minutes , I was somewhere entirely .
tr	I	I can 't seem to respond , but the others are shouting at me .
tr	I	I remembered , and my head cleared .
tr	I	At that time you must decide what to do and a servant will wake you early tomorrow .
tr	I	I can 't , but as they make their way back up , I attempt to arch against him .
tr	O	A small click was heard , and the intercom responded with a shrugging tone , dripping with nonchalance .
tr	O	she asked , and this time she sounded more buoyant .
tr	O	I slipped my mother 's ring onto her finger and she looked up at me , shocked .
tr	I	Something inside her shriveled , and Danny shook his head .
tr	O	She wanted blood and I knew that at some level I wanted part of her game , something in her dark quest excited me .
tr	I	The chains around her wrists kept her in place on her back but she moved to sit up .
tr	O	I woke up a few hours later , before they were taking me to the operating room , and they said some mix-up must have occurred .
tr	I	Now she was beginning to share more of her days , and she already shared most of her nights , sleeping next to him .
tr	I	That was where they really honed in on the mind control , but sure , it might not be as physically challenging as this .
tr	O	His body was , but he wasn 't .
tr	O	Their secrets were jealously guarded and it had taken the mysterious vanishing of Queen Sophie before anyone had been able to find out anything .
tr	I	Yes , he 'd said some horrible things and she 'd had one man in her life .
tr	I	The terrifying hiss cut off , and the plastic goo hardened instantly .
tr	I	He gave the signal to speed up , and I turned around to check on him .
tr	O	There were various tales of the enchanted Sword but nothing was clear as to its ultimate fate .
tr	I	She drifted and his body helped keep her warm .
tr	I	I knew I 'd have a couple of bruises , and his strong hands gripped me even harder .
tr	O	Beth 's voice rang out from the front of the store and the jangling of the store bells jolted Charlotte back into reality .
tr	I	Now she was worse off than she 'd ever been , and I 'd vowed to save her .
tr	I	He was faster , but Skye went as fast as she could .
tr	O	The trio watched him go for a moment , but Mike 's attention was soon turned back to Nate .
tr	O	It 's not like Luke would press me for what happened , but it 'd be hanging in the air .
tr	I	He breathed no more and his head slumped forward .
tr	I	Those I can 't interpret , but there 's always a reason .
tr	O	I felt lighter without all of the ties binding me , but I also felt bereft without them .
tr	I	You will be missed and hours will pass .
tr	O	She didn 't agree to do that , but he continued , anyway .
tr	I	My eyes widened in surprise and I turned around .
tr	O	She heard footsteps running toward them , but she didn 't look up to find out who it was .
tr	I	I bit it back , but I wanted to cry out .
tr	O	Emotions were firing and I let them .
tr	I	I want you to have it again , but you gave it back to me .
tr	I	The words never made it to her lips , but she wanted to argue , tell him the car heater would chase away any chill .
tr	I	We looked at each other and we looked at the list .
tr	O	This house had proven unable to withstand the onslaught , and the front door stood open like a gaping wound .
tr	O	The need to defend myself gathered , but Adam sounded like I had truly upset him .
tr	I	Jeans Millicent gave her and Willow was still wearing the dark green t-shirt .
tr	O	He let her have her way with him for another moment , and she enjoyed another leisurely , thorough , damp exploration of him .
tr	I	He smoothly rises to his feet , moving towards me to check for any injuries and elis seems unscathed .
tr	O	Her face was pale , and sweat dotted her brow .
tr	I	She had these light brown eyes too , and her skin was a fine buttery colour .
tr	I	The question faded from her mind as the fervor began to build inside her , but Ashley waited for his answer .
tr	I	His disappearing act only compounded the appearance of guilt , and Internal affairs were investigating the guns that he 'd diverted the previous year .
tr	I	Thomas held on to the book with a death grip , but Alanna poked Thomas in this side , then that side .
tr	I	William could see them , in a slowly growing light from above , beginning to retreat once more and the footfalls slowed again .
tr	I	We headed for the porch , and Supper came to the usual quiet close .
tr	O	I think I know , but I 'm not ready to say what I think yet .
tr	I	There 's a chance we might be able to get it back , but it 's a long shot .
tr	I	Others would surely follow , and others had gone before .
tr	I	He would despise her for it , and he would know if she lied .
tr	O	I 'd spent last night talking to him , but it hadn 't seemed to help at all .
tr	O	He frowned , and I looked away as we stepped out into the wide , brightly lit hallway .
tr	I	I suck in my breath and her eyes flicker open .
tr	O	Mr. Heller paused , looking at Manny with hollow eyes , and his expression drifted from nervous to one of bottomless sorrow .
tr	I	She stepped inside her living quarters and he opened the door for her .
tr	O	I was cold , so cold , and I couldn 't feel my limbs .
tr	I	For the moment he was occupied with a more practical problem : but later , this came to be a trouble in his mind .
tr	I	The city 's myriad lights provided a soft glow , bright enough for me to see by but there was no moon out tonight .
tr	I	You still don 't hate me but you know the truth .
tr	O	He had landed on a pile of glass from the broken ceiling , and one of the jagged chunks had pierced his throat .
tr	O	He couldn 't see much , but the gunfire was pretty rapid .
tr	O	I stopped thinking of Kimber as my best friend weeks ago , but I still felt beyond horrible for what was happening to her .
tr	I	The edges were tattered and the cover was worn .
tr	I	I started to ask if she was his sister and a girl sat in the chair across from him .
tr	I	I were doing very well and I talked like my parents .
tr	I	What she thought was the way of aristocratic families and Julia had always put it down to Douglas 's reserve .
tr	I	The crowd erupted in cheers and he kissed me .
tr	O	Henry wasn 't used to being the interviewee and her eyes still made him uncomfortable .
tr	O	You 'd like me to think that , but I am in your head , reading your growing affection for this man .
tr	I	It would just be a repeat horror show or I had to do something different this time .
tr	I	They call the lion the king of the jungle - and he briefly imagined what raw flesh would taste like .
tr	O	The phone rang and it was Keith .
tr	O	His touch was soft on her lips , and she half raised a hand toward them .
tr	O	It was as if his English was too good and this whole thing had been rehearsed .
tr	I	At least two of them were full of containers , and at least three football fields could fit within this part of the ship .
tr	O	Lois just left to go home , but we try to take care of each other .
tr	O	It was a damnable thing to be doing , but there was nothing more that could be done .
tr	O	When I played this moment out in my mind , I figured I 'd calmly explain what happened , and she 'd listen intently .
tr	I	I worried that I 'd done something irreparable and we didn 't talk much on the way home .
tr	I	This time there were no signs , no warnings , but I knew it was possible because I 'd already faced it several times .
tr	O	The two of you have a unique connection , but perhaps that connection could be strengthened .
tr	I	He conceded , but I expected more fight .
tr	I	Rena wasn 't sure how to interpret it , but an entirely new expression crossed Nick 's face .
tr	O	Violet didn 't think so though , and she chewed us out , saying we needed to hang a scarf on the doorknob next time .
tr	I	I didn 't even have time to check before my aunt chimed in , but I was pretty sure my jaw had just dropped .
tr	I	They seemed ignorant of his presence , and he was quickly annoyed with their behavior .
tr	I	The earthquakes had taken their toll , but the lava flow kept far enough away from the town .
tr	I	The letters don 't make sense , but Teacher 's writing on the board .
tr	I	Her mind was remembering the episode in the pool earlier in the afternoon and Nik had his arm around her waist .
tr	O	Katie parked the car in the only empty space and I showed her where Trish 's place was .
tr	I	Another short era was about to end , one with a disaster on the other side but it was necessary .
tr	O	He pulls me forward and I fall .
tr	I	He does not know this word , but then a new order is shouted .
tr	O	I screwed up once before with you , and I 'm not doing it again .
tr	I	Neil waited with the pile while Matt parked , and it took both of them to unload the truck onto the sidewalk .
tr	I	We got in it anyway , but there was a long line .
tr	I	I winced and the elevator intercom buzzed .
tr	O	His skin was whiter than any cloud Anakin had ever seen , yet it almost seemed to glow even in the light .
tr	I	It holds the world together , but the work they do is not glamorous .
tr	O	She opened her mouth and he drove inside .
tr	I	The whole process grinds to a halt , and one break in the system .
tr	I	I don 't like it , and that punk over there laid his hands on you .
tr	O	I was simply trying to justify my turning her but it made it worse when I tried to justify it .
tr	O	It 's not used much so it is hard to spot but we can use it to get us high into the mountains .
tr	O	The noise of the motorcycle signaled their arrival , and that was exactly how Zane had wanted it .
tr	I	That was that and she trusted him .
tr	I	All the things that should make you cry , and he hadn 't cried since the shooting , even though he was sad , devastated .
tr	I	It grew quiet once more and everyone else groaned .
tr	O	It didn 't kill her right away , but it did manage to increase her strength .
tr	I	Edwin Davis emerged from the passenger side , and a car wheeled into Kaiser 's drive .
tr	O	He had an open , honest face , and despite myself , I liked him .
tr	O	We spent al day with no luck , but neither of us minded .
tr	O	It will be safer if you travel during the day , but I suppose you already know that .
tr	O	Obviously you have reservations about attending school here but that 's why I 'm here .
tr	I	I need Emily , and I need air .
tr	O	There was a pale strip of light shining from under Mom 's door , but I didn 't stop .
tr	I	Joshua called out adjustments and the second gun boomed .
tr	O	I ask and he nods .
tr	O	He mumbled the last word under his breath , but I heard it anyway .
tr	I	I started laughing and she started skipping .
tr	I	I tripped him up and one of the R things pushed past me .
tr	O	Everyone else was still getting ready to leave , and no one seemed to notice anything had happened .
tr	I	Gentle teasing and Small talk .
tr	O	His expression is glossed over with hardness now and he watches me as I put my ID back into my pocket .
tr	O	I start to laugh , but he silences me with his lips , kissing me until laughing is the farthest thing from my mind .
tr	I	Soon the historical race called , 1001 Arabian Nightmares but many cups had been taken by them as a pair .
tr	I	They looked up at her , and Conversation stopped as Kira entered .
tr	O	I draw across her hip , but I keep blankets bunched on the area where I 'm not working .
tr	O	I shook my head , realizing I hadn 't been intentionally watching where she was going , but I knew exactly where she was all the same .
tr	I	Before she walked through the falls , he appeared in front of her , but she turned to leave .
tr	I	We didn 't , but I thought for sure we would get in trouble .
tr	O	His shadow covered her as he stepped in front of the sun 's rays , shielding her from its warmth , and Gia rubbed her upper arms .
tr	O	Blood gushed , prayed her , and she fell silent , working desperately to clamp off every source of bleeding she could .
tr	O	She reached for it , but Talon caught her wrist .
tr	I	I felt the pull there , the connection that it symbolized , and he tugged on the loop of diamonds on my collar as he thrust .
tr	O	If I lost consciousness , then I was dead , and Sebastian could kill me at his leisure .
tr	O	He was squeezing back tears , and it was painful to watch .
tr	O	I laughed and Leif continued gazing down at me .
tr	I	Nate 's stomach twisted with agony , and she turned her head away , to hide at least her face .
tr	O	There was no wind here , but the fire around her face seemed to shimmer slightly , as if it were alive .
tr	O	I have no intentions on doing so and I slant forward to kiss him again .
tr	O	The water exploded around them as it rose up their legs , but they did not stop .
tr	I	There was no change in her , but he drew close to her face .
tr	I	He grabbed my hand and I stood to leave .
tr	O	It was bright there , and she did not like the way the younger clones pulled back from Murdoch .
tr	O	I grabbed out my phone and I dialed Sarah 's number .
tr	O	When I was home , it always felt like we were so far behind ... but I guess that 's really an excuse .
tr	I	The grief was powerful enough to push that aside , but oh , how I hated those words , anger boiling inside of me .
tr	I	A wave of desire swept over her , and she stroked a hand down his hair .
tr	I	I 'm stumbling with exhaustion , but I don 't know how long we 've been walking .
tr	O	Everyone looked at Hanna , and she reluctantly shrugged .
tr	O	There was a knock on her door and her mother 's face appeared round it .
tr	I	Coming tonight meant she could spend time with him , and somewhere along the line she 'd fallen head over heels in love with him .
tr	O	Pink flushed across her cheeks , and she nibbled her bottom lip .
tr	O	I blushed slightly , but then suddenly I was off balance .
tr	O	The screen again showed shadowy forms , and the sound of those rapid heartbeats filled the room .
tr	O	There was a pause and I heard a choking sound on the other end .
tr	O	My mind was about to switch off and my body was about to take over .
tr	I	His hands agreed , and ' I 'm shaking , ' he thought .
tr	I	The flames died down and a nauseating smell arose .
tr	I	I didn 't think she had said anything to Dillon , but Alissa knew about my crush .
tr	O	I 'm sure Customs will eventually notify some spook within the FBI , and after some puzzlement he 'll report to his boss .
tr	O	He considered Nick his brother , and he hated to see Nick in this much pain .
tr	I	We will not be here to protect them , and perhaps if we leave , another couple will come along .
tr	O	Neal let go of Georgie 's arm , but she caught his hand .
tr	O	There have always been some of those around , and I can practically smell them at this point .
tr	O	It took me a minute to focus in the daylight , and what I saw horrified me to the core .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure if I had heard him correctly , but I thought he hissed back .
tr	I	As good as I felt right then , I was willing to take the chance , but maybe I was about to get cut down .
tr	I	The other one is a pansy and that Pierce Brosnan is too new .
tr	O	I didn 't want to kill the animal , but I had decided that I was coming through .
tr	O	I was only a boy of fifteen , but I thought I was a man .
tr	O	The sun was getting lower in the sky , and yet the sea continued to burn from all of the oil that had been launched .
tr	I	Fortunately I 'm the one reading it , not Ella , but it 's like I 'm reading about a downward spiral .
tr	O	Their driver pulled up to his building and he helped Mackenzie out .
tr	I	His eyes darkened and he looked down at me .
tr	O	He grabs my hand again and I want to pull back .
tr	O	She shakes her head , but then her eyes snap wide .
tr	O	They tried using younger vamps , but it didn 't work out well .
tr	O	He liked Adela , and it was probably prudent to keep their relationship the way it was : all business .
tr	O	They were gorgeous , and they could read his thoughts .
tr	O	He unbuttoned the dress to her waist and it fell away .
tr	O	Miranda continued talking , but Kylie tuned her out .
tr	O	The prisoner swallowed hard , and then he straightened defiantly .
tr	O	It took me a few minutes , but I finally spotted my friends among the mix .
tr	O	Disease in the Earthly sense is unknown on the Outer Worlds and the fear of the unknown is always morbid .
tr	O	It looked like it was from some European bank , but I had no doubt at all it was real .
tr	O	Running isn 't the answer , but neither is exposing that poor girl to that life again .
tr	O	Put him in the boardroom and he was confident , commanding .
tr	I	I wasn 't stupid , but I may be crazy .
tr	I	I pray to a forbidden God that she 'll be there when I get back , and I left her in a deserted library .
tr	I	I did , but I couldn 't remember how I knew him .
tr	I	He made her feel every inch as beautiful as he thought she was , but it wasn 't true .
tr	I	They hadn 't parted yet and it didn 't count as a date when it was still Sunday .
tr	O	I talk to her tonight at the library fund-raiser or the offer is off the table .
tr	I	I closed in and the black stopped .
tr	I	He squeezed it , and then he reached out for her hand .
tr	O	The water was dark and the boats could only be seen by the lights they had hanging off the fronts .
tr	O	Its glass faceplate cracked , and Jimmy grabbed its wrists .
tr	I	Joshua stood before the curtain and they approached the entrance to the archway .
tr	I	She 's younger than most kids coming to college , and she 's on her own for the first time .
tr	I	It 's too powerful , and there 's too much energy .
tr	O	You 'll learn to love me back , and then we can spend the rest of time here .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure why that request would bother him so , and his face tensed , almost as if he was in pain .
tr	O	He bumped it , and Tony spiked it .
tr	O	We 'll also need to watch her for blood clots , but barring any of those things , she should do okay .
tr	I	They both backed away and Matthew helped up Stephanie .
tr	O	Andrew looked up and I stopped banging .
tr	I	She smiled her thanks up into his dark eyes and he held her firmly though .
tr	I	I was trying my best to be polite , but I 'd already surmised that she wasn 't .
tr	O	He could not be sure , but he felt his heart lift with the possibility that she was still alive .
tr	I	This one was complete with rolling credits , but just thinking the word triggered another flashback .
tr	I	Troy fell to his back on the ground and Blood gushed as the tissues gave .
tr	I	I 'm not going to ask , and I haven 't got any idea .
tr	O	The widow was Lady Margaret Beaufort , and her child , Henry Tudor , was the future king of England .
tr	I	It was not working out so well but his mind was still trying to react around her .
tr	I	I turned , peering over the box and a noise , kind of a groaning sound , came from behind .
tr	O	I could definitely use a doctor , but it wouldn 't be one of his .
tr	O	Nicole , I know you might not want to talk to me , but I do .
tr	I	Confusion was difficult to deal with and she didn 't understand .
tr	I	He held the door open , and Sean 's smile got even wider .
tr	I	It was late at night , and the others were in bed .
tr	I	It had gone by peacefully and it was my night to stay with her .
tr	O	The hot chocolate arrived , and the waiter poured it into small cups .
tr	I	You know what , and you 've been blaming me for Bubba all these years ?
tr	O	Gustav did not say much during dinner , and as they finished their dinner , he went into the living room to work on a puzzle .
tr	O	We both pause for a second and I think about him .
tr	I	The king had tried to kill them , and my hounds had defended me .
tr	I	His father muted the television , obviously waiting for him to enlighten them about his visit and Vaughn followed .
tr	O	I know the softness of her lips as they moved across mine , and I know the feel of her hands gripping my hair .
tr	I	She was leaving next week sometime , and on Sunday he would be leaving .
tr	O	Madison didn 't know how long she stared at the photo , but it must have been for hours .
tr	I	He can 't break through , but Griff 's close , Bryn .
tr	I	He wanted to feast on her in every way , but he knew he couldn 't take much .
tr	I	She snatched the dagger that she was preserving underneath it and Jordan 's hand reached for her pillow .
tr	O	I 'd go on with my life , and she 'd go on with hers .
tr	O	She loved Orchard Valley more than any place on earth , but she 'd never be satisfied living here .
tr	I	His fangs emerged and he moved faster until a new instinct broke over him .
tr	O	I gave Henry an apologetic look , but he didn 't seem to mind .
tr	I	He turned onto a road that was little more than a gravel trail and the truck slowed .
tr	I	There was no way to run and the woman were trapped .
tr	I	He looked at Alec , but Magnus might have found the situation funny at another time .
tr	O	We sung another song before wrapping up and I watched Kade as he sung .
tr	I	I don 't care about rules , and I don 't care about Collars .
tr	O	The perfume he synthesized is so subtle I can barely detect it , but the human nose is one of our least powerful assets .
tr	I	I felt my face drain of color , but the girls started congratulating each other , happy to have uncovered another cheater .
tr	I	His augmentation sparked , and his face twitched .
tr	O	Rafe 's face twisted bitterly , and Adele suddenly found his eyes upon her .
tr	O	Curiosity got the better of her , though , and she paused on the sidewalk to open the envelope .
tr	I	He usually allots a set amount of time to determine whether it 's going to be successful , and he bought this business about a year ago .
tr	I	It still drove me crazy , but not that it had stopped him .
tr	O	The vehicle swept past him and he shivered in its breeze .
tr	O	Everyone 's eyes were on Lyssa and she could feel her cheeks flush .
tr	I	It didn 't seem to do any good , but she covered her ears .
tr	I	Her love for the art world shone in her eyes and she was so knowledgeable .
tr	O	Ivy giggled beside me and we started walking again .
tr	I	He was determined not to give up , and he knew that it was there though .
tr	O	He knew he had his brother 's support and that was important to him .
tr	O	She loved all her horses , but Pleasure was special to her .
tr	O	As expected , I found a bill from the phone company , and I scrutinized the lengthy list of calls .
tr	I	I need Gabe to be here anyway , but I know this is true .
tr	I	You know those two when they 're going at it and Jerry 's been acting up again .
tr	O	Jackson 's hind end shot upward and he stared at the finish line .
tr	O	Devon pul ed me in for a hug and I felt like crying for some reason .
tr	O	Rachel had a yellow legal pad balanced on her thigh , and she 'd been taking notes with a pink ink pen .
tr	O	Harrison 's blade was razor-sharp and he was obviously an experienced swordsman .
tr	O	I 'd been ready to climb into his arms , but he had walked away easily enough .
tr	I	I could guess , but I asked .
tr	I	Once the realization came , I didn 't fight it any more , but I knew I must be an awful person to be this way .
tr	O	I knew exactly what he was up to all along and I let him get away with it anyway .
tr	O	It was even worse than it sounds , but we enjoyed it .
tr	I	He wrapped his other arm around me and I sniffled .
tr	O	The door closed behind him , but he didn 't move .
tr	I	This was one of hers and a lady was entitled to her secrets .
tr	O	He could not walk away , and they both knew this .
tr	I	She felt the first hint of unease rippling through her body and he gave another small push .
tr	O	Our systems are really tight and we have shown no breaches .
tr	I	He fought back-to-back with Lea , darting forward with their sickles blades , lobbing off an automaton 's arms and Marcus was back on his feet .
tr	O	Still unfocused , he stared at her , but she got the sense that although his eyes were on her , he wasn 't really seeing her .
tr	I	It terrified her how much she enjoyed it ... and enough so that she allowed herself to kiss another man .
tr	O	It was her fault we moved here in the first place and now my life was miserable .
tr	O	He took a sample of it and they left .
tr	O	I could avenge her , or I could comfort her .
tr	I	Dallas would die , and if he discovered other agents were hunting him , he would vanish .
tr	O	You are strong , and you will survive .
tr	I	They had left the chimes up and I had told my parents this .
tr	O	He snapped out of whatever state he was in , and something inside him closed up like a camera shutter .
tr	I	He did , and he could .
tr	I	There were tears streaming down her face , but she nodded again .
tr	I	I don 't answer , but I look at him .
tr	O	The sky had long since blackened into night and the moon was high in the sky .
tr	I	She swallowed deeply , and Worry etched her eyes .
tr	O	someone yells , and it sounds like Marcus .
tr	O	Byron is a good man , and Rupert spoke highly of him .
tr	O	Rick 's girls were all afraid of the dark , but the native girl thought the quarter moon provided adequate illumination .
tr	O	His hands fall to his sides , and I know that he 's gone .
tr	O	I heard a pained cry , but by then I was already to Beth .
tr	I	She had changed and Rose had somehow known that Emily would foresee that event in the future .
tr	I	They barely found enough chairs for their group on the bottom level and the place was crowded .
tr	I	He spent a month taking ski lesson after lesson with her , and yes , she had legs then , sexy long ski legs .
tr	I	She kept throwing disturbed glances at Suzanna , but the woman had taken a seat across from Amy .
tr	I	They both knew it , and Philip at his worst temper wasn 't equal to Daemon at his best .
tr	O	There is a grand design at work here and I 'm afraid it is not my doing .
tr	O	He staggered , off balance , and settled for a vague wave .
tr	I	Not too thrilled about the current status of our relationship , but there 's something solemn about him , something quietly accepting .
tr	I	He hissed , and she dug her nails into his shoulders .
tr	O	As she watched Cain 's fantasies , her body began to heat , and a flush spread out over her skin .
tr	O	There was one more scream and all the candles went out .
tr	I	The baby began to move and a quiet little squeak came from the crib .
tr	I	He seemed frozen in place , forcing me to compensate with a step back , but most strangers would allow a personal space bubble .
tr	O	Most people who were mad didn 't think they were , but she seemed to be proud of it .
tr	O	His eyes moved beyond me to where Quinn sat , and then he met my gaze again .
tr	O	They opened again and his eyes remained , elongated .
tr	O	Every one of them was horrifying , but she just couldn 't seem to wrap her mind around the fact that Sam had suffered in that way .
tr	I	His mind couldn 't stop seeing it , and his eyes couldn 't ignore the destruction .
tr	O	She stumbled into the cool room under the command of that voice and the world focused .
tr	I	She laughed and I looked around .
tr	I	His tone indicated mostly curiosity , but Boone should have been suspicious .
tr	I	Their maddened howls filled the air , and their arms were flailed in rage .
tr	O	Nancy didn 't like the woman and Liz certainly had no reason to .
tr	O	Her mind was numb and her body was cold .
tr	I	You gave it away , but you sought your life .
tr	O	He 'd unwittingly risked his neck bringing them their crystal and he was the one who should be asking the questions .
tr	O	We had a long talk and she revealed a few interesting things .
tr	O	She could not have escaped if she wanted to -- but she did not want to .
tr	O	He didn 't know , and as he drove he reflected that it didn 't much matter .
tr	I	They 'd never make themselves look bad by mistreating a guest , but they might disown her after the party .
tr	I	She would go with this , but that wasn 't what she was looking for .
tr	I	I was still surprised , but I 'd hoped this was the case .
tr	I	I could read the disappointment in his eyes , and Ethan looked at me for a long time .
tr	I	She 'd jumped at the chance to be free to run the ranch herself , and he 'd said there was no need to pay him back .
tr	O	My mom had a great smile , but this one worried rather than comforted me .
tr	I	We 'll meet at the entrance and Caleb went to get the rest of your squad .
tr	I	Her cheeks high , although a distinct softness pulled at her full lips and her chin was sharp .
tr	I	Her small body fit nicely , but it was a closer squeeze .
tr	I	This one was different but he always felt good when he acquired a new company .
tr	I	You proved me wrong but walking around with my very handsome friends made me feel like nothing .
tr	I	She studied it for at least ten minutes , and one piece in particular struck Shirley .
tr	O	Simon 's half time talk was much more cheerful than the last game , but still he kept with his starting eleven , to Zack 's disappointment .
tr	I	She asked who could possibly want to meet with him at two in the morning , and this was intriguing to Nikki .
tr	O	Her father loved any occasion that gave him an excuse to drink and her mother could care less about what either one of them did .
tr	O	It devastated him psychologically , but if we had gotten the price we were asking for , it would have been worth it .
tr	I	I overheard it , and they had your address .
tr	O	I know we haven 't known each other long , but that doesn 't matter .
tr	I	Slowly he turned his head in my direction , and Marcus ' eyes grew bigger .
tr	O	I tried to say something but no words would come out .
tr	O	We hang up and I feel the slightest bit better .
tr	I	Then they had to crawl , but for the first few minutes they could duck walk .
tr	I	He would be mad , and if Leon didn 't get past the jamming influence on their burst channel , Brood would be back .
tr	I	He 'd said nothing of the sort , but I got the sense that Jackson was a bit disappointed , too .
tr	O	People didn 't care about her , but the girl did .
tr	I	I sensed him shaking his head , and I gave him a glimpse of my thoughts , even long distance .
tr	I	I nod and he asks .
tr	I	We have no fear of anything inside this room , and we talk about whatever we want .
tr	O	Viktor 's foot slipped , and his knee slammed into the ice .
tr	I	Instead , Zeus stood in front of us , but I was expecting to see Lilith again .
tr	O	He started to reach for her , but Noah locked his muscles down .
tr	O	He didn 't bother covering himself up , and she realized he probably wasn 't aware exactly how nak * d he truly was in human terms .
tr	I	As much as I liked them there , I started trying to wriggle free of his grasp , and his arms will still around me .
tr	O	This was the usual explanation of ( human ) dreams , but the staff doubted that it applied in Amy 's case .
tr	I	You 're all I know but being with you is amazing .
tr	O	Will had always been welcome in her home and he was there often , filling the house with his comforting presence .
tr	O	Sweat runs down his face , and his heart is thudding hard .
tr	O	The zombie grinned , but it might have been a trick of her mind .
tr	O	The power plant of Kentucky Dam is shut down indefinitely and the whole JP is without electricity just like we are .
tr	O	I don 't have a date , and she doesn 't have a date .
tr	I	Then surely had gotten away and Trevor had shocked the man .
tr	O	They could still issue a challenge , but I don 't think they will .
tr	I	He still looked very much in control , but his face full of concern .
tr	O	Judge Harkin ordered a fifteen-minute recess , and when he returned to the bench he announced they were entering into a different phase of jury selection .
tr	I	Taro wanted to do some training before breakfast and there was a gym on the eleventh floor .
tr	I	I don 't take the time to wonder why and there are cushions everywhere inside this little pool house .
tr	I	I don 't believe him , but he says he is going to get out .
tr	I	I have to feel my way around and it 's dark in the vent shaft .
tr	I	There was no help for that , and she was coming to her termination .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I wanted to know this but he was actually opening up to me .
tr	O	There were four men , and they were hurrying towards the course .
tr	I	I also didn 't care what he said about me , but David made a smart remark that I didn 't hear .
tr	I	The fire returned and their cheers echoed far .
tr	I	Micah took in a breath as he stopped behind a tree trunk , and I could see a hint of the river in front of us .
tr	O	It was good stuff and he did like it .
tr	I	I 'll call you when I can 't keep my eyelids propped up , and you go to sleep , Mr. Frodo .
tr	O	His complexion was typical vampire pale , but his cheeks held a faint tinge of color .
tr	I	None of them felt this right , and I 'd kissed many girls before .
tr	I	Its white coat was bedecked with tiny bloody scratches , but it would tear them out , trample them underfoot .
tr	O	His gaze had settled on the table and he took his cue from there .
tr	I	Kelsey tried to breathe , and they moved forward again .
tr	O	First , we know that you don 't know the names of everyone in Rubicon Ranch , but you are tremendously observant .
tr	O	Everything felt heightened , and as we stared at each other , I felt like I was flying .
tr	O	A tiny spark of fear blossomed in her chest , but it wasn 't that she was afraid of him .
tr	I	She refused to even consider anything else and her first promise had been to herself .
tr	I	They 're normally advised to take B12 supplements and my diet was almost like a vegetarian 's .
tr	O	Several of the students laugh at this comment , but I fail to find the humor in it .
tr	I	I could hear something else as well , but I heard the sound of metal creaking .
tr	I	I quickly shook my head , motioning for him to stay put and Riley took a step forward .
tr	I	She was always the same : the steady older sister who looked out for me , and I had so many memories of her .
tr	O	There is no need to rush and there is no rationing , here !
tr	I	For a long moment it felt as if we were the only two people in the world , and my mother gazed at me .
tr	O	I couldn 't make out who it was because the two boys towered over them , but then I saw it .
tr	O	Things hadn 't looked so good , but they had won it , all the same .
tr	I	It was the best I could do under the circumstances , but it was not the place that he would have wanted .
tr	O	This had happened 18 months ago , and he had never told another living soul his story .
tr	O	Yes , all my plans had gone to shit , but I 'd make new ones .
tr	O	I could tell he was simplifying matters for us , and while somebody else might be insulted , I appreciated it .
tr	I	I hadn 't heard from Taylor and Chapter Sixteen Two days had passed .
tr	O	I 've called Nicole about a hundred times , but she 's not answering my calls .
tr	I	When he looked down over the drop he saw a river unwinding below , and a few yards ahead of him , the ground ended .
tr	O	I enjoyed a beautiful night with Marcus , and he was leaving .
tr	I	Nothing could subdue her anger , but she turned on the television .
tr	I	Owen smiled , promising a compliment in the end , but Emma frowned slightly .
tr	I	She looked away from him , focused on the view outside , and her cheeks went pinker .
tr	O	I spoke to my uncle and he agreed to the plan .
tr	O	He was about my age , and his mountain accent reminded me of Savannah 's .
tr	O	Whatever it was was warm , and it always melted downward like a hand inside her underwear .
tr	O	The ornate carvings were etched deep in the blade and the hilt fit his hand perfectly .
tr	O	Black spots danced briefly before her eyes , and a definite nausea churned in her belly .
tr	O	She had a big sooty scrubbing brush in her hand , and she had just kicked over a bucket of water .
tr	O	Garrick 's eyes darkened , and my breath hitched as his gaze dropped to my lips .
tr	I	She wasn 't ashamed of her body , and surely getting down to basics was the aim , anyway .
tr	I	She walked across to my side and her eyes crinkled as she tried to smile at me .
tr	O	He 's been whittling out by the barn and I got a peek at his latest attempt .
tr	O	Your family might well have been targeted for your wealth , and your father 's death unplanned .
tr	O	We were meant to have twelve weeks training , but in the end we only got seven weeks .
tr	I	My mind is rushing in so many different directions I can hardly pull out any coherent thoughts , but I think she might be beautiful .
tr	O	We gripped each other hard , releasing only when the aftershocks faded and our breath leveled .
tr	I	It showed , and he was .
tr	O	Hardly believed it was him , but then again we always did recognize him as a troublemaker .
tr	I	We are also the most oppressed , but the policemen stand as the second most feared organization on this planet .
tr	O	He said she was inside on the phone , but we would wait for her to hang up .
tr	I	Gramps shakes his head , and she smiles in response .
tr	O	Since he abhorred the thought of digging ditches , Francisco was suddenly very glad that he had spoken up , but his optimism was short lived .
tr	O	I quietly laugh as Jack and I briefly make eye contact .
tr	O	Her arms were too short and she nearly toppled over into the water .
tr	O	Tears sprang to my eyes for so many reasons I couldn 't even name them all , and I turned my face away from him .
tr	O	She made me smile and no one had done that in a very long time .
tr	O	He never married , had no children , and the farm had fallen badly into disrepair .
tr	O	A good , fine day , she thought , and spring so close she could almost taste it .
tr	I	Her gaze and he caught her shoulders .
tr	O	The nips stung , but he licked at each twinge until it became sensitized , further kindling her desires .
tr	O	He jerked them over her feet , and her eyes closed in blissful comfort .
tr	I	Two leather-bound books were on the ground , and a plate containing a half-eaten sandwich was on the porch swing .
tr	O	We would be married and it would be official .
tr	O	The detective had met him while working on another case , and they had been inseparable ever since .
tr	I	I never heard him say an unkind word about anyone and he loved to tell stories about the past .
tr	I	The middle one was the same in all of them , but there appeared to be six of them in a repeated pattern of threes .
tr	O	She was zigzagging all over the world , and he 'd caught her in the sun twice more .
tr	O	He 's my brother , and he means the world to me .
tr	I	That had been left upstairs , of course , but she groped around in vain hope for her handbag .
tr	I	I can 't find it in me to greet him , but I haven 't seen him since before the simulation attack .
tr	I	I would get my chance , and he would be here soon enough .
tr	I	The woman kept trying , but none of them had ever worked .
tr	O	The wood splintered and she rammed into it again , destroying the section .
tr	I	Now that he had his friends here , he even smiled on occasion , but Longbow had always seemed to be a solitary sort of man .
tr	O	She understood Mike didn 't have the time during the day , but she did .
tr	I	She was busy looking for something by her feet but I would have asked why she used asterisks instead .
tr	O	Many , many bugs could really be considered an understatement , and Billy 's analogy wasn 't that far off the mark .
tr	O	Of course I have seen other people bend evidence to fit their passion , but time would tell about this guy .
tr	O	It had been the breakfast room when Karen had been married to Barry , but she had cleared it to make a good play area for David .
tr	I	He noted the time and his eyes slid to the clock .
tr	O	The sky is overcast and I 'm glad .
tr	O	The best strategy was to do absolutely nothing with your Imp , and that 's what Mac did .
tr	I	I plucked it out carefully and there was a simple white card stuck amongst the stems .
tr	O	They board a ship and Andrew turns to me .
tr	O	I lingered behind to look at the Whispering Stones , and I lost sight of the others .
tr	O	I hoped I wasn 't burning , and I really needed to cool off .
tr	O	Her skin dimpled in the cold , but she didn 't cover herself .
tr	I	Jase could see the outline of the head pointing to the right , but his dick was soft .
tr	I	I am drawn to the darkest corner where the shadows are the deepest , but the waning moon casts the graveyard in pale silver light .
tr	O	He could only imagine how far from home Death Valley was , but at the moment , it felt farther away than ever .
tr	I	I want to be back by nightfall and it 'll take us a good half day to reach Sir Richard 's farm .
tr	O	You never knew this but I smelt you , almost put my nose right up to your hair .
tr	I	He drew me down beside him , and in answer I offered my hand .
tr	O	She would have whistled if she could carry a tune but she thought that might be overdoing it .
tr	O	He put an antibiotic pill in her hand and she tossed it back , not bothering to argue .
tr	O	Doyle steps into the waiting area and my nurse wanders away without even saying goodbye .
tr	O	I knocked him to the ground in protest and I could see the anger building up in his face .
tr	O	Greg huffed , but he followed me out to the gazebo in the backyard .
tr	O	Fear was leading her to the illusion of comfort , yet in the end , it would remain an illusion .
tr	O	It took a few seconds , but the rage won out .
tr	O	He had to trust his instincts ; but he couldn 't hurt them badly .
tr	O	Shakespeare said that a rose by any other name would smell as sweet , but I didn 't believe it .
tr	I	He could see how people could like it , but it still wasn 't quite the sort of music that he would willingly listen to .
tr	O	The whole street was fortified and every adjoining road blocked off .
tr	O	A warm onboard blanket was tucked carefully around her , and Michael Tolland was also just waking up beside her .
tr	O	The terms of The Death Agreement have now been met , and I don 't owe Taylor a fucking thing .
tr	O	I wanted to make it seem ominous that probes were sent out and none ever returned .
tr	O	Jude hesitated , but Ludwig stepped forward , his eyes full of a fire so volatile that her breath caught in her throat .
tr	I	I said so anyway , but I wasn 't .
tr	O	He struggled with the words , and I nodded my response .
tr	I	She had hurt Missy as well , but Sara had not only devastated Jeff .
tr	I	When I do look up , I realize I haven 't missed much but it takes a few seconds for my eyes to adjust to the brightness .
tr	I	It will not end for another half cycle , and the celebration has begun .
tr	O	Some shouted for hanging , others for stoning , but all who shouted called for Morgan 's death .
tr	O	Someone was talking , but I couldn 't quite make out what was being said .
tr	I	Evan led me down , and it was a staircase .
tr	O	My head tipped down and he kissed me deeply .
tr	I	He had suffered much worse injuries with his work in The Coalition ... but his injuries hurt .
tr	O	His words still made my cheeks burn , and I wobbled a little on my heels , not wanting to meet his gaze .
tr	O	She was looking for a renter , and I happened to get here first .
tr	O	She heard a strangled sound emerge from her throat , but it was the only sound she could get out .
tr	O	The wind had picked up outside , and now she could hear faint music .
tr	O	He gazed into my eyes , and I found strength in him .
tr	O	The door to the cabin opened and Della recognized the fresh , herby smell that belonged to a certain witch .
tr	I	His face was splattered with blood , and his blond hair was plastered to his scalp .
tr	O	He had a soft way about him , but that made you listen when he spoke .
tr	I	It 's time to log on for my therapy session , but I 'd much rather continue exploring Mason .
tr	I	I felt sweet relief enter my bones , and the room took on a different light then , pardoning the pun .
tr	I	Seeing her like that made me desperate to do it more , but we hadn 't delved into anything too kinky for a while .
tr	I	They embraced , and fighting back tears , she staggered to her mother 's side .
tr	I	He was wearing peculiar ritual garments , but the picture was the major 's face .
tr	I	Then it slammed against the sink counter , and the door opened , slightly at first .
tr	O	She 'd probably have known by now that Harley wasn 't coming back , and she 'd lost her nymph .
tr	O	She nodded and without asking any questions , she headed down the hall .
tr	O	It was a mammoth struggle to lift it an inch , and it did not even feel like his arm any more .
tr	I	His c * ck dug deeper , and he thrust .
tr	I	I liked spending time with him , but getting too attached to this guy wasn 't something I could do .
tr	I	They can decide from there and to each country we 'll only give them the safe areas on their own land .
tr	I	Elliott shrugs , but he looks quickly to Elliott , as if he might have the answer .
tr	I	She realized that she was not alone , and there was an exclamation .
tr	I	I put my hand on her back , guiding her towards the kitchen and Sarah gives me a weak smile .
tr	O	In that moment he wanted nothing more than to tuck her away in their tombs , and to give her anything she wanted .
tr	I	Then he grins , but Mr. Goodwin looks freaked out for a second .
tr	O	Akiva screamed , and Madrigal 's heart answered it .
tr	O	I scooted up on the bed after kicking off my shoes , and Robin did the same .
tr	I	I can 't put them together in a way that makes sense , but thoughts keep swimming through my head .
tr	I	The reality of doing it isn 't , but I realize the thought of trying to smell someone is beyond gross .
tr	I	I want to get back to the computer and I 'm awake .
tr	O	It screamed with pain but the ammo warning light was now solid red .
tr	O	The men all around her were dumbstruck , and their eyes were filled with terror .
tr	O	I enjoy working and I want to make my own money .
tr	I	Tonight she would make an exception , but she rarely drove at night .
tr	O	People don 't fall in love after just a glance , and most importantly they don 't follow the object of their desire across oceans .
tr	O	He pushes the door open and we step into the house .
tr	I	When she does , Duke winks , and she glances back at me again .
tr	O	She wasn 't hurting yet , but she knew she would be .
tr	O	I 'll marry the first princess I see , if she 's as ugly as Hekate , and then I 'll be a king myself .
tr	O	I had him take me to the ring store the next week and we exchanged it for something I could actually wear in public without being embarrassed .
tr	O	When he 'd returned home I must have already fallen asleep but I wasn 't surprised that I woke up in his arms .
tr	I	I was interrogated for days , and they dragged me in front of the Inquisitor .
tr	I	She handed me a black-and-white picture , and apparently that worked for her .
tr	O	Her corresponding grin was brilliant , and her eyes sparkled with merriment .
tr	I	If he wanted her to stay , she would just drop everything , and she decided that if she could make it work again with Paolo .
tr	I	The ritual continued and Jim stepped forward .
tr	I	I feel certain there is something here for everyone , but because of my eclectic tastes , one story may be vastly different from another .
tr	I	Then it dawned , and Nick nodded slowly .
tr	O	They were over fifty feet away , and so far Yosef had not recognised Ant from their brief encounter near the hospital .
tr	I	So I kept telling myself ... or it was better that way .
tr	O	I 'm edging closer to the little door , but the urgency in his voice makes me pause .
tr	O	Emma 's eyes widened , and I could almost envision the types of foods she was dreaming of .
tr	I	I was going to make sure he got it and his brother deserved the respect of a funeral .
tr	O	She was its slave and they both knew it .
tr	O	It was too distant to see , but she could feel it .
tr	O	The leaves were gone and it would be freezing in the park .
tr	I	She hit the switch again , and the radio crackled .
tr	O	He starts to lie down beside me , but I stop him .
tr	O	Her hand slipped back into her sleeper , and she turned on her back to stare at the low ceiling of the tent .
tr	I	I knew the bare facts , but coming from South Carolina where we had our own political superstars , I hadn 't followed his career closely .
tr	I	At least I think I did or I nodded .
tr	O	He chose for me to live , and I owed that to him .
tr	I	Ian held the door fast but she tugged on the handle .
tr	O	The engine died and her dad climbed out along with Ed .
tr	O	We reach the right floor , and everyone pauses to catch their breath before entering .
tr	O	The ranch was small by Montana standards , a hobby ranch , but it still left her isolated .
tr	I	He never questioned why and I never went inside my office .
tr	O	The fight was still going on all around us , but the main force of ghouls was concentrating on the hard-pressed vampires .
tr	I	No one had fallen to their death , and they were out , both of them .
tr	O	Christ had healed a leper in the New Testament , and he felt certain that God was with him always .
tr	I	Now I felt exhausted again , but I 'd enjoyed talking to Anna .
tr	I	They all looked ready to lunge at any second , and I glared at the crouched , snarling rogues .
tr	I	That hardly seemed practical when the forest was so close , but he could always stay up all night watching .
tr	I	Ben turned back on course for his destination and Arthur made his way to the pub .
tr	I	She surprisingly changed the course of our conversation , but I expected her to press me on it .
tr	I	Hovering before Amira could draw another breath and he had his bead out .
tr	O	A smile began to tilt Rose 's lips at the corners , but the fourth in their quartet banished it .
tr	I	She frowned again , and Ellie knew that if necessary Linda would rearrange the entire event to accommodate David 's schedule .
tr	O	We wouldn 't leave any one of us to fight alone and we 're damn sure not going to bail on you .
tr	I	They may know where we 're at and there are two more people out there still on the loose that may want to hurt us .
tr	I	They fell silent , and the doors in the other room slid open .
tr	I	She didn 't know when , but the portal would eventually close on its own .
tr	I	Connor nearly stumbled backwards onto the ground and Andre accelerated his attack .
tr	O	I expected him to hand me the jar , but he dipped his fingers inside it instead .
tr	I	To restrain but it wasn 't until the first brutal surge had passed that she realized their transient embraces weren 't meant to cherish .
tr	O	There were the basic utility bills to be paid , but living in the country was cheaper than the city .
tr	O	Someone had easel trouble on a daily basis , and Duncan was always the go-to person to adjust them .
tr	I	He found her three feet in front of the car , and the impact from the crash had sent Annie through the front window .
tr	I	The huntsman was unable to find a trail , but Pierre had been hoping for a deer .
tr	I	It 's ridiculously adorable but his smile is all nerves .
tr	O	Your blood runs weak with it , but still , it runs through you .
tr	O	I watch the news and I hear the stories .
tr	I	The investigation began and they hadn 't had time to really talk once the police arrived .
tr	O	He 'd always been warm , but now he felt like flame encased in flesh .
tr	O	His hands move under my shirt , but they feel like a stranger 's .
tr	O	His masculine scent made my knees feel weak , and my throat felt dry as he leaned over me , his eyes searching mine .
tr	O	She rears , clawing at the air , and when that doesn 't unseat me , she decides to take me with her .
tr	I	Jake answered that he was about the same and # Margie heard Mr. Lambert ask Jake how his father was .
tr	O	He says that this talisman has no magic , but I think it must because it is so beautiful .
tr	O	He spoke as though it had been a while , and I nodded in agreement .
tr	I	The severity of his features didn 't change , but that made her smile .
tr	O	Golden almost dragged her arm out of her mother 's grasp but she didn 't .
tr	I	He is already following Murphy down the hall , but she smiles up at Kai .
tr	I	He seemed to shrink under the intensity of it , and Ava glared at Dylan as well .
tr	I	He knew they would soon fly through the eye , and the riders turned up .
tr	I	It was gone , but she opened the drawer where she 'd found the stationery the day before .
tr	I	It stung , but I understood .
tr	I	He kept his voice light , but Jace 's heart beat faster .
tr	I	The moon was full and it was a warm night .
tr	I	She was looking down at something , and Ellie had her back to Alex .
tr	I	He held Corinne to him , locking her mind to his and Dayan immediately allowed Julian to close the wound in his chest .
tr	O	There was no sun , only thick mist and there was a decided chill in the air .
tr	I	I could hardly answer them , but my parents tried to talk to me during our twenty - minute ride .
tr	I	It took everything she had to keep herself standing upright and the trouble she was in suddenly hit her full force .
tr	O	I 've only seen the things of this world , and I know for certain this isn 't one of them .
tr	I	Motions for us to come inside and she pounds fists with him , then my uncle steps aside .
tr	I	Even then , Jurek was bigger than all the other boys , but we were just children .
tr	I	It was no longer my job to get it back for him and he lost it somewhere far away .
tr	I	They 'd made love for the second time in one day , which rarely happened , and it 'd been a sweet , romantic gesture .
tr	O	She was going to see all of him , feel his desire for her , and it would magnify her own .
tr	I	The long daylight hours were left to my own devices , but when evening came , they were quick to gather us all together .
tr	I	I looked back toward the field , and he nudged my shoulder teasingly .
tr	I	His jeans hung low on his narrow waist , and his shirt fit his athletic frame as if it was made for him .
tr	O	She thought she heard the flower give a muffled cry , but she couldn 't make out the words through the glass .
tr	I	His cheeks flared red from the cold , and he wasn 't wearing his coat .
tr	O	I don 't want to lose them , but I don 't know how to keep them .
tr	O	I 'd never been so blunt before , but Mr. Drake brought out a different side of me .
tr	O	I found him poring over a map in my library , and he started visibly when I entered .
tr	I	I really want to look at him , but I don 't want to be rude .
tr	O	Two of them ran into each other , but even that did not stop their nonsense .
tr	I	Santa 's Workshop did not negotiate with terrorists , but Claus still missed the elf .
tr	O	I wished things could have been different for Oliver , and I hoped he found someone to take his mind off Kenzie .
tr	O	Cassie felt as if she was watching a grotesque movie as the woman 's head lulled around on her broken neck , but she did not die .
tr	O	She lowered her gaze , brushing tears aside , but she went to the wall lined with all the spices that I 'd smelled .
tr	O	It didn 't sound loud , but it must have made quite a noise inside the building for us to hear it through the closed windows .
tr	O	Tears filled his eyes and he tried to blink them away .
tr	O	Wretched was a more accurate description , but she didn 't want to sound melodramatic .
tr	I	If you 're reading this , then you know I 'm not , but any other time I 'd sound crazy as shit .
tr	O	He was fairly certain he could overpower the vampire , but he couldn 't stop him from disappearing before he could get his hands on him .
tr	I	She quickly righted it , but he reached for it .
tr	I	She read it through once more and she picked up the note that lay beside the flowers .
tr	I	I still hoped that someone was nearby to hear it , yet it was embarrassing in a way .
tr	O	It was a blow , but I tried to focus on the positives .
tr	O	The Allied invasion was diplomatically a very delicate operation , as they were invading French colonies and France was technically not at war with anyone .
tr	O	The door was unlocked , and he was sent through .
tr	I	An interdimensional jaunt wasn 't one of them , but I had imagined doing a lot of things with Cooper Flanders .
tr	O	So many times I had recreated the accident in my head , but this was a thousand times worse .
tr	I	I wasn 't wrong and I figured the lecture was coming .
tr	I	Her entire demeanor changed and his meaning slowly penetrated .
tr	O	I don 't know what the rest of the Garde are like , but I don 't scare that easy .
tr	I	To her horror she watched as his fangs emerged , and he slid a hand around the back of her neck .
tr	I	Demon didn 't need her , but she held the reins with both hands , ready to make him turn .
tr	O	Both of Michael 's friends were still breathing heavily , and a quick glance showed him that their hands were burned raw .
tr	I	He must have changed his mind , but James had said that he didn 't think we could get our memories back .
tr	I	I rise and he approaches me .
tr	I	Without seeing it for myself , I wouldn 't know which was the right one , but two roads were close to the location .
tr	O	I gave him a smile , and the chalice still gripped in my hand pulsed once against my skin .
tr	O	This was no one 's boat , really - and everyone 's .
tr	O	Moving swiftly , my legs hit the bed , and my hands found hers as she tumbled backward .
tr	O	He hadn 't admitted defeat , and he wasn 't yet dead .
tr	O	His mouth tightened with worry , and for a moment , panic sparked in his gaze instead of hatred .
tr	I	Her sharp chin broadened out and her narrow cheeks had widened .
tr	O	His graceful amber fingers caressed the bare skin of her waist , and she bit back a moan .
tr	I	He yelled , and I smiled as the flames swallowed him up .
tr	I	It 's best if she knows nothing at this point , and a divorce looks likely .
tr	I	They began to blur , and the numbers piled up .
tr	I	His comment about her clothes still stung , but of course he was right .
tr	O	The nostalgia that had suddenly washed over rapidly dissipated , and an overwhelming fear took its place .
tr	O	She was so nervous , but it was quickly put aside because it was fascinating watching Sergio go out there .
tr	I	That twists the knife in my stomach , and his voice is as empty as his expression .
tr	I	It could indeed be pure invention , and the world takes pleasure in a cuckold .
tr	I	They still didn 't bring peace to my turmoil , but his words were reassuring .
tr	O	The edge of the knife pierces through my shirt and I feel the cool blade resting against my skin .
tr	O	I am the final authority , and every move is my responsibility .
tr	I	She was grinning , but Aimee looked up , raising her eyebrows .
tr	I	It was hard to pull that off , but she tried to cover her nose casually .
tr	I	The question was all the more reason for a successful raid on the Creeks of the Yellow Leaf , but the answer might never be known .
tr	O	There was a muscle ticking in his jaw and his intensity radiated off him like heat .
tr	I	He nods and I ask .
tr	I	He 'd never pushed to go in , knowing it would be a dangerous place to be and she 'd never invited him in .
tr	I	I hated the stadium , and I never liked Cleveland , the city , the fans , the team .
tr	O	He 'd once asked her to tell him the same thing , and he was grateful she 'd cared enough to ask .
tr	O	It took some time , but the cavalry gradually began to catch up .
tr	I	Dread fills me and my legs weaken .
tr	O	Fear spiked through the Prince 's body and he took another step forward .
tr	O	We didn 't say a word for the longest time , and when she pulled away from me , I looked into her face , her eyes .
tr	O	He said he 'd come with her but Lily assured him that he should stay .
tr	O	I open my mouth to speak , but she continues in an even voice .
tr	O	We had just enjoyed our last few days of peace , and now we would be fighting for our lives .
tr	I	He wasn 't there , but I dreaded seeing Zander at school on Tuesday .
tr	O	Armed and running quickly down the narrow path .
tr	O	In a panic , I ordered them open , but my body overruled all .
tr	O	This might be the end of his life , but he 'd see that it was well lived .
tr	O	He rocked back , and the shaking stopped .
tr	I	I feel a lurch as we swap places , and r wonders aloud , interrupting the scene again .
tr	I	The conversation remained between them like a ghost , but they walked in silence for a long time .
tr	O	Her muscles were still sore from the abseil and what she wanted , more than anything else , was a skinny latte .
tr	I	Themselves torn apart at the seams and if the stand was one that had awakened , any mistake could get the foil .
tr	O	Everyone at the table is looking at me , and I realize someone must 've asked a question .
tr	O	I would have trouble casting , and with my lack of fly-fishing experience , I declined .
tr	I	She actually had several people convinced of it , and one woman had suggested that flying saucers were to blame .
tr	O	His hands fidgeted at his sides , and his eyes remained unblinking on Mercedes .
tr	I	Sweat beaded on his forehead from the struggle , but he won .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed , and his gaze swept over me , quietly assessing .
tr	O	FOUR Michael was home when they arrived , and surprisingly , he wasn 't playing guitar .
tr	I	Francisco was sure that they were not in any other circumstance , but perhaps these were qualities that were useful to a military commander .
tr	O	Follow , and I 'll find your soldier for you .
tr	O	It wasn 't much time to work , but these days , he took what he could get .
tr	O	The green light was washed away , and everything started to slowly speed up .
tr	I	Her careful excavation had revealed their shape , but Time had colored the bones the same bleached sepia as the unforgiving ground .
tr	I	She couldn 't hold the gesture in place and she grinned .
tr	I	Hank skidded to a stop , and he held it high for all to see .
tr	O	He snapped his mouth shut , and Andrea didn 't have to be a mind reader to know how he felt about that .
tr	I	My temper is already boiling , but he 's telling the truth .
tr	I	Her new tattoo wouldn 't allow for it , but she wished she could swim too .
tr	I	I nodded my head and she replied to the question not spoken .
tr	I	They both laid on their backs , attempting to slow down their breathing after such an intense moment and Alexander collapsed next to her .
tr	I	I realized his hair was thinning once more and he swatted at the air again .
tr	I	She halted for a second , and the toe of her other sneaker caught in the rain gutter .
tr	O	The maids bustled in with tea at that moment , and Emeline was glad to take the chance to calm herself .
tr	O	It was gone before Mary got there , but it had left Paola a vibrating mess .
tr	O	Dex didn 't look convinced but he didn 't protest either .
tr	I	Then she realized she wasn 't alone , but she felt mild surprise that she seemed to know what to do .
tr	I	He was punishing them , and all women were heartless .
tr	I	I stumbled back and my mouth dropped open .
tr	O	Ice crunched behind her , and she spun , her blade out .
tr	O	His second glance took longer , but he said no more , turning away to descend a set of narrow steps behind the bar .
tr	O	His ornately carved white wood chair wasn 't quite a throne , but it would do .
tr	O	It 's darker than the top grade , but I think it 's got more flavor .
tr	O	They have thermal scopes , which work best at night , but during the daytime they don 't need the scopes to see .
tr	O	That all of this is for not , and she stands by my side as it was meant to be from the beginning .
tr	O	She jumped to her feet , dusting the glass off , and she stared wildly towards the water .
tr	O	I think that we have a better chance to exit the building from the front , but without the elevator working it 's an impossible feat .
tr	O	The area that we are in is very remote , and it is possible that there are wild animals around .
tr	O	Violet sat at the table and Martin folded the paper away .
tr	I	We must be ready for that , and the child will be born .
tr	O	All were still alive , but that would not last long .
tr	O	The samples are placed in a container designed specifically to hold vials , but extra care is being taken to avoid an accident .
tr	I	I found that I could fly in absolute silence , and my feathers , of course , were very soft .
tr	O	I want her to give it to me and I need to know that she 's sure .
tr	O	Now I was really pissed that she knew she didn 't have her keys , and yet she didn 't come back here .
tr	I	I turn to watch her , and Lucy 's laugh echoes .
tr	O	Maybe the rest of them can get away with playing back-to-school , but I 'd be thrown out on my first day .
tr	I	Jessica turned to enjoy her mother 's look of surprise , and the sounds of approach stopped short at the kitchen door .
tr	I	That was that and ' Ran out into the city by herself one night .
tr	I	I still learned to hate the hospital , but granted , I was just turning four when my mother died .
tr	I	I took a deep breath , and I concentrated on the crackling of the wood , the intense heat .
tr	O	A complete license plate was provided by the sheriff 's unit and the car came back registered to Gary Patterson of Prescott .
tr	I	Now I 'm not sure , but at one point I would 've given anything to hear those words .
tr	I	There was the blood but it did not appear hurt .
tr	O	Foxy 's voice remained calm but it had a slight edge .
tr	O	Autumn didn 't understand what she 'd done to Andrew , but she didn 't want them to fight because of her .
tr	I	Dormer collapsed to the ground and the energy faded .
tr	O	A rush of vulnerability swarmed around Julian and he pulled away .
tr	I	He would never know and I could still leave .
tr	O	Sheridan wished she could trust him , but she felt sure he was lying .
tr	O	I come to visit every day for over a week and he sleeps the whole time .
tr	O	God knows why they suddenly want to kill me , but I cannot allow such annoyances .
tr	I	He could think of nothing else to say , but it was stupid .
tr	I	A very small woman shuffled out , and the front door opened .
tr	I	I felt a smile grow , and my gaze drifted to the opposite side of the courtyard .
tr	I	They weren 't a mismatch ... but maybe they needed to work together more , perfect their technique , train harder .
tr	I	Obviously his reign would end eventually , otherwise he wouldn 't need an heir , but he was said to be eternal .
tr	I	It wasn 't there and now he needed it more than ever .
tr	I	I was dead in front of her for a second , and like it stopped beating for a moment .
tr	I	The children basically hers to raise , and the household is hers to run .
tr	I	It will crave it now and it 's tasted your soul .
tr	O	He discovered it was already on and someone had logged on as him .
tr	I	I 'm not going to pretend I do and I don 't want to be here with you .
tr	O	The deck disappeared overhead , and the catwalks under the Goya raced by .
tr	I	I found myself pulling away , but I wanted that kiss desperately .
tr	O	I 'm not a violent guy , but that is one fucking big gun .
tr	O	They give it a moment , but hear nothing .
tr	O	His tall , thin frame bounced around the mat like that of a young man , and his voice barked instructions with startling intensity .
tr	O	My foot slid half a step toward her , but I didn 't let it go any closer .
tr	I	He pushed me behind him slightly , and his smile didn 't reach his eyes .
tr	O	Ryan sent his sister a scowl , but it made very little difference to her .
tr	I	I have always been optimistic , but I am no Pollyanna .
tr	O	Looks like I was for Booker , but I got to you in time .
tr	O	Our home had been invaded and the the violation was deep .
tr	O	When Hadley hit puberty , the picture changed ; but I had some good memories of my cousin .
tr	O	They may be protectors , but Rhona was family .
tr	I	When he pumped , he could tell the air was going in and the connection fitted .
tr	O	He ran across the barn to Portal Two , and there was the missing part of the pencil , lying on the top crate .
tr	I	Now the wedding has been moved up to next week , but we are engaged to be married , as you already knew .
tr	I	They were all thoroughly soaked , and it was midafternoon by now .
tr	O	You don 't know how difficult it 's been ... And I may not have done well .
tr	I	He was always wearing it when he took one of these impromptu trips and it was his ' lucky ' watch from his days in the Corps .
tr	I	Water darkly pools the carpet , and the bottoms of his trousers are wet .
tr	O	Garrick Carmichael asked , and Jenny stared at him in amazement , a lump of emotion filling her throat .
tr	I	She had finally managed to get most of the blood out and viii It had been four nights since she had taken the uniform .
tr	O	Rapp looked taken aback , but I didn 't care .
tr	I	In a few seconds his brain began to completely shut down , but the barbarian continued to struggle .
tr	I	I scrambled to catch it , feeling a shock of relief , and he tossed the phone back at me .
tr	I	I wasn 't disappointed , and I talked with him for a bit .
tr	I	He beamed up at me and I patted his knee gently .
tr	I	Rachel was expecting their first child and they had been married for two years now .
tr	I	I looked up at her like a deer caught in headlights and Lucky 's voice carried through the room .
tr	O	I didn 't move and I didn 't speak .
tr	O	Daniel put his hand out , and Rosie squeezed it tight enough to mimic any man 's firm shake .
tr	I	I didn 't like it and this had been too easy .
tr	O	The costumes were too small and they had to keep all the other kids in line on stage .
tr	I	I saw him lift his chin with pride , but Thomas 's expression never changed .
tr	O	I was nonchalant about it , when he gave me a zircon ring , brilliantly cut and it looks like some heirloom .
tr	O	He didn 't explain but he wasn 't surprised she remembered his preference .
tr	O	A low growl emerged from the wolf 's throat , and Sarah 's hair stood on edge .
tr	O	Teresa was in there , and she needed their help .
tr	I	She was tired and she had just returned from a visit to Jonas .
tr	O	The emotion of the moment had caught her up and she failed to resist everyone 's endorsement .
tr	I	I held on to him but he backed away from me .
tr	I	You will lead , and the other mourners will wait .
tr	O	The festival was coming together perfectly and vendors were lining up , eager to sell their wares along with the village shop owners .
tr	I	You always have some little lecture to pull out of your long list of them , and you 've gone awfully quiet , Jesse .
tr	I	I was wrong , but we laughed as I pointed to what I thought was the Little Dipper .
tr	I	He sat , out of arm 's reach , and she nodded .
tr	O	The money from the trust would become hers next year when she turned thirty , but she didn 't want any of it .
tr	O	The important thing about a war is winning it , and we will win this one .
tr	O	He dug his fingers into my skin , bruising me , but I didn 't care .
tr	I	She did , and he trusted that she would lead them away from him .
tr	I	I kept on going , but his mouth opened .
tr	I	We all sat in a circle on my old lawn furniture , and I carried the drinks outside on a tray .
tr	I	It wobbled , but she forced a smile .
tr	O	It was a warm Friday afternoon in the middle of May of 2007 and I was anxious to make something happen with Irina .
tr	O	He 'd never been to court before and he 'd accompanied his mother this time .
tr	I	It was actually worse , but I could still call it thirst , technically .
tr	O	Brent was never able to sleep in because his neighbors were loud and the walls were thin .
tr	I	Some of the patrons gasped , and my stomach turned over .
tr	O	I didn 't deserve her , and she deserved a hell of a lot better than a screwup like me .
tr	I	In the end , she only sat with the air conditioner running , but she started her car with every intention of leaving .
tr	O	Rausch raised his hands in protest , but it was too late .
tr	O	I moved beneath her , and she rode me hard .
tr	I	Rachel hadn 't expected her to , but Martha didn 't respond .
tr	O	It wasn 't her fault he supposed , but he had never felt so alone before .
tr	I	I was fascinated by their behavior and we were in their world now .
tr	O	We 'd seen the Velvet Suite during our last visit , and for the most part , it looked the same .
tr	I	It 's a long drive back home , and they lock the house after eight .
tr	O	He 'd never been a big talker , but that wasn 't why he didn 't answer right away .
tr	I	Little Markie was her puppet , and Lilla was the puppet master .
tr	I	Through the ceiling , the blazing blue sky could be seen , and Redstone was carved roughly into an anteroom around the three doors .
tr	I	That didn 't matter , but he was bigger , stronger , crazier .
tr	I	I knew that bending over must hurt him , and I took it , though I could have gotten out by myself .
tr	O	I knew I might regret it , but I wanted an apple .
tr	O	We were both sweating now from the dancing , and I could see in her eyes a determination that bio class had never , ever elicited .
tr	O	I think I picked it up subconsciously before that though , and it kept me away from him .
tr	I	In that instant she felt like they were two different beings , but Mary had always felt one with her wolf .
tr	I	He couldn 't bring himself to say the words , but Gene had his familiar thoughts about what was equitable .
tr	I	His hips thrust against her , and her mouth moved lightly against him , drinking his essence .
tr	O	The sun was sinking lower and the breeze had started bringing in cooler air .
tr	O	Women screamed and children ran to their mothers , hiding behind their skirts , sobbing .
tr	O	It was a quick kiss , but I still hoped for another one much longer than this .
tr	O	Her skin is as pale as the moon , and she breathes like an Aud .
tr	I	The subtle smell of fairy filled my nose , and Niall bent to kiss me on the mouth .
tr	O	He finds nothing , heads back to the girl , but she 's focused on something else .
tr	I	It warmed her and Natalie sipped hers .
tr	O	They enjoyed the boy 's bravery , and Hammer seemed unaffected by it , even laughing along with the crowd .
tr	O	Yes , his idea of something better was way beyond her own , but they 'd still both been striving to make a dream a reality .
tr	I	She 'd made him unhappy , but she hadn 't meant to .
tr	O	The girl don 't say nothing but it 's got ta be true .
tr	O	Your body is a beautiful playground and I want to know every inch of it .
tr	O	I know her from somewhere , but I just cannot place where .
tr	I	No , I didn 't want them , but it seemed stupid not to take them .
tr	O	Roger 's body had been thrown up in the air during the explosion and I had no idea where it was .
tr	I	This was why I had not grown properly and my mother told me I had not eaten properly for nearly a year after the accident .
tr	I	The copper door handle had long since lost its luster and its heavy wooden door was scarred from years of use .
tr	O	Well , maybe if he pulled out , it would have been better , but I 'm willing to forgive that for now .
tr	I	Once she finally did , Todd was waking her up , and it took forever to fall asleep .
tr	I	I admire it , but it 's a total parent move .
tr	I	She was somewhere else and shock had set in .
tr	I	As it fell a third blow struck the creature 's head from its neck , and a second strike removed the Cane 's leg at the knee .
tr	O	Lights flashed before her eyes , and just when it felt as if her lungs would explode , her soul was lifted from her body .
tr	O	She grinned at me as she passed , and I mouthed congratulations .
tr	O	The television blared , but the living room was empty .
tr	I	Mia leads her out of the room , and she starts in on a series of hyperventilating hiccups .
tr	O	My mouth pops open with a million questions , but before I can ask any of them , Ethan appears by my side .
tr	I	I just can 't do it anymore and my career is in general repair work .
tr	I	Joseph would have laughed had they been here to hear their latest nicknames and Nathanial would have been pissed .
tr	I	Quinn nods and I ask .
tr	O	The lights come back on and we ´ re tangled in some sort of strange webbing material .
tr	O	It was outdated , but it felt homey .
tr	I	He could see that the twinkle was gone from them , and her eyes met his as she left .
tr	O	Moving was still impossible , but the pain was much less .
tr	I	He pulled me closer , wrapping one leg around mine , and we were both leaning against the headboard of the bed , facing each other .
tr	I	I can 't help it , but I won 't mean to .
tr	I	Dean looked around for his brothers and they walked toward the house .
tr	I	Now maybe they were putting the best face on it , and it felt like people had been shouting before my arrival .
tr	I	He hesitates and his dark lashes lower .
tr	O	He wanted to demand answers , but he held his tongue .
tr	O	Her voice cracked and she jumped up .
tr	I	Now the true tragedy would begin , but the battle for the city might be over .
tr	O	It would have been so easy to come like this with her , but it 's not how he wanted it to be .
tr	I	I just said it but I didn 't know what pushed me to say this .
tr	O	She wasn 't a sound technician , but she 'd picked up some experience .
tr	O	He scowled , and she thought he looked rather harsh for such a handsome man .
tr	O	He laughed and I smiled .
tr	I	I wouldn 't let him , but he tried to pull back .
tr	O	I was starting to question if the officer was simple or our skills in the Italian language were flawed .
tr	I	Slowly , the town had started to see some movement and it was almost eight thirty .
tr	O	Sure , he had prefaced that with things don 't change , but she was having a hard time not swooning .
tr	O	The air had grown quiet and they all stopped to listen .
tr	O	One look at his haggard face , and they knew that he knew .
tr	I	Midnight was delayed and like the magic clock had been broken .
tr	O	The German was a brave man and I can tell you that from memories of my childhood , Rob is not the best barber in the world .
tr	O	Then the door slammed , and I nearly fell off .
tr	I	He was nearly there , and left into Farringdon Road .
tr	O	She readily complied and his hands splayed across her bottom , supporting her weight .
tr	O	Brad was just right and that was the problem .
tr	O	Hundreds of swords raised and ready to do battle .
tr	I	He wanted to know everything , and there was so much more .
tr	I	There is a long pause and the shadow disappears .
tr	I	Then of course there was now my new predicament , and it was all so very wearisome .
tr	O	He offered her his cigarette , but she waved it away .
tr	O	As they were relieved of their loads , food was brought out and the evening meal started early as their story was heard .
tr	I	She ruled my heart , but I ruled the Kingdom .
tr	O	She was actually there , and she was weeping openly .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but the urge to tell him everything overwhelmed me , making it hard to breathe .
tr	O	Sherry 's mouth fell open , and she gave Cate a look of absolute astonishment .
tr	I	Had just finished reading a hundred year old book called The Wizard , and she had been nineteen at the time .
tr	O	We danced all night and even though different guys came up to us , we turned them down .
tr	O	I got in a few good hits and I enjoyed the way his head bounced when I punched him .
tr	O	First she was a spinster , and now she was hardly a woman !
tr	O	If you don 't give me what I want then you can let us go and I 'll be on my way .
tr	O	I nodded solemnly , but I really wanted to change the subject .
tr	O	I tend to believe them even when evidence for why I shouldn 't piles up , and then I end up in a worse situation .
tr	O	I had my own theories about it , but I felt silly even thinking it , let alone asking .
tr	I	The new lounge opens up this week , and I 've used endless connections , advertised .
tr	I	She had seen him only once since Derek 's death and her brother , who might have , lived in Sacramento .
tr	I	Now everyone would be whispering about it and someone had probably spotted Jackson outside .
tr	I	None of them had expected security to be this tight , but Sky felt like Jon had done a pretty good job .
tr	O	This was fine by Toby though , and he had enough else to keep him busy .
tr	O	This time she touched hair ... but its location was all wrong .
tr	O	She attempts to smooth her hair down with her hand , but it only makes it stick up more .
tr	O	They 'd survived the battles so far , and they 'd survive this one , too .
tr	O	Kyle settled on the special and Alex decided to try the chicken salad on a croissant .
tr	O	Jem slashed away at him with the blade , but it seemed only to slow the man down .
tr	O	Dimitri didn 't bother to respond to her question but his eyes looked mysteriously down at her own .
tr	O	I waited expectedly since Dorian used that rhetorical question in nearly every conversation we had , and his answer was always different .
tr	O	Roth wanted to take me as close to home as he could get me , but I wasn 't ready to go there .
tr	O	We 're happily married , successful , ethical , and we remained close as siblings .
tr	I	He lifted his eyes to meet the director 's , but Dean stayed hunched over on the fireplace .
tr	O	Her chin came up a notch , and she boldly stared him down .
tr	O	You are mine ... and I 'm yours .
tr	O	I felt it at the time , but I didn 't really mean it .
tr	I	I started to wonder just how much I had shut down lately and that surprised quite a few of them .
tr	O	Some crew members hushed me , but I couldn 't contain myself .
tr	I	I knew he was going to catch me and my boots weren 't letting me get that far .
tr	I	Megumi got mad and I mentioned Akane 's paranoia .
tr	I	My stuffy castle was making me sweat profusely , and it was already turning into a hot day .
tr	O	Her voice wasn 't loud , but it carried throughout the chamber .
tr	I	Maybe I could watch them , or I hope nothing bad happens to them .
tr	I	She could hate it , but no , she couldn 't help it .
tr	I	They still had at least an hour 's daylight left , and they hadn 't made it as far as he would like .
tr	I	I glanced over at my mom and a horn honking startled me from my thoughts .
tr	O	I 'm canceling your credit cards as soon as I leave here and I 'm cleaning out your student bank account .
tr	O	The brown flesh was innocent ... even sweet , but it had a sexual vibe that was hard to deny .
tr	O	I loved his family and they obviously loved me too .
tr	I	He was right and I watched over the side of the boat .
tr	I	Something ripped inside him , sending a torrent of blood from his nose , and his body shuddered .
tr	O	I saw the buildings quake , and then you stopped .
tr	I	No one came to the door and there was no noise from inside .
tr	O	She sat next to him , and he immediately lost his words .
tr	O	Eventually her crying slowed and she rested comfortably in his arms , her head against his chest .
tr	I	It lasted a long time before he spoke , and Horner thought a moment .
tr	O	I tried her cell , but after two rings it dumped me to voice mail .
tr	I	He had gone but she shouted after him .
tr	O	He would protest that , too , but it might hurt her feelings again .
tr	O	He might not have reached room temperature yet , but it was just a matter of time .
tr	I	Without even a bit of disorder , I had to admit that was freaking cool too and okay , that was executed so smoothly .
tr	O	I felt numb , completely locked on the inside and for the first time in my life I didn 't have anything to say .
tr	I	We use Velcro , but I can 't tie shoes yet .
tr	I	These visits had already left marks on Eva 's face , but it had only been two months since Lexi 's incarceration .
tr	O	Interest sparked at his challenging words , but too quickly the wariness came back .
tr	O	Anger surged and anxiety spun .
tr	I	He still came to find me , but I had broken that heart once .
tr	O	The sound of pottery shattering cut him off , and Lux pulled his fist from his broken plate .
tr	O	She was , but she didn 't have to say the words .
tr	I	It was too late , but Ezio called after her .
tr	O	I 've opened an account in your sister 's name , and I 've deposited funds equal to her dowry for her own personal use .
tr	I	Now Fae hate Shifters , and Fae created Shifters , Shifters freed themselves from Fae .
tr	I	She smiled at her sister in sympathy , and Angelica 's ire faded quickly , as it often did .
tr	I	She didn 't care , and Sasha didn 't have a clue where they were going .
tr	O	I wanted to ease the burden he had taken on , and this was one of the ways to do that .
tr	I	Tom had drunk too much to worry about subtleties , but Susan seemed cowed because her oldest son had picked up on her words so quickly .
tr	O	I caught sight of a few of the book titles but they were written in an old language rarely used .
tr	O	His mouth found hers , and the time for discussion was definitely over .
tr	O	He spoke without hesitation , but she noticed that his mouth thinned , became taut .
tr	I	I began to get ready for my date and once I had , I snapped back into reality .
tr	I	I was disappointed , but it was unfair .
tr	I	He caught himself on the ground but his head whipped to the left .
tr	I	She felt the sticky wetness of blood , and her trembling hand touched Gwen 's head .
tr	I	They knew what it was and they again had a purpose !
tr	I	The other side was hemmed in by a stone wall , and the rocky slope on one side created a natural border .
tr	O	Dom lifted the guys other arm and we carried him up the stairwell .
tr	I	Flung it over my shoulders and goose bumps rolled down my arms as I grabbed the back pack .
tr	I	Here at work , I used the keyboard , but at home , I liked the verbal commands .
tr	O	Gem 's gun was held out in front of her , but she didn 't pull the trigger .
tr	I	She felt inspired and something inside her clicked into place .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I could trust him with much more of a response , but this was not the answer he was looking for .
tr	I	Voss supposed he couldn 't wholly blame him , and Dimitri still hadn 't forgiven him for that night in Vienna .
tr	I	An odd light radiated from his pupils , but he returned the look .
tr	O	Sarah didn 't know he was still having them , and he wasn 't about to tell her they were getting worse rather than better .
tr	I	I don 't , yet I want to say good-bye .
tr	I	You would do best not to be late again , but I 'll give you two a pass this time .
tr	I	This time they were on my wrist , but she started drawing those circles again .
tr	I	He didn 't want her hurt , but he might be upset with Victoria .
tr	I	His gut instinct told him the sound was from an animal , but he heard a loud squeal that could have come from Sam .
tr	O	Mia tried to smile at him , but she didn 't want to move .
tr	O	Her eyes glaze over and tears start to fall .
tr	I	I roughly shoved it back into place , and the wind blew my hair back across my face .
tr	O	They tried to run but it was too late .
tr	I	Nick cursed behind Ty , and he shut his phone .
tr	I	I was afraid that I had just ruined everything and I could feel Joshua 's anger .
tr	O	I looked back at him fiercely then , but I saw the devastation on his face .
tr	I	So far , he 'd adhered to it perfectly , and this was our agreement .
tr	O	Yeah , there 's interference in the line , but that could be anything .
tr	I	Their weight was extremely heavy , but they were small bars .
tr	I	No one was paying attention to the food , but it must have been mealtime .
tr	O	Olivia fires out a few more questions about the Sentinels , but Robin doesn 't know enough to lend any more insight .
tr	I	Now two years had passed and days had turned into weeks , weeks into months .
tr	I	Robert was always cruel too , but I didn 't see it as a child because I couldn 't see anything past my father .
tr	I	Joey went to her and she started to cry .
tr	O	There are no street signs , but there are power lines , which means this isn 't terribly remote .
tr	O	Her stomach flipped , but she grabbed for the doorknob before she could change her mind .
tr	O	Gloom covered the bog , but a thicker shadow pul ed away from the rest , becoming more solid as the seconds passed .
tr	O	With a click the lock swung downwards , and Ant was allowed entry to the locker .
tr	O	True , he admitted , it was only a wooden sword , but it would have been better than nothing .
tr	I	All hell broke loose and the thermite triggered .
tr	I	About all that anyone might have caught was a bad chill , and the full length of the pond was dragged .
tr	O	She wanted him inside her , and she wanted it now .
tr	O	The babe was blue with cold , but she stopped whimpering long enough to fasten her pale green eyes on him .
tr	I	The usual chaos came into view and we turned onto Tony 's street .
tr	I	Burnett returned in a blur of motion , and Kylie called out .
tr	I	Scarlett decided a visit to the ladies ' room might be prudent , and they still had a long trip ahead of them .
tr	I	He never would be and Darren wasn 't her boyfriend .
tr	O	His eyes glittered and he leaned forward .
tr	O	The floor seemed to vibrate under his feet and he knew there was no aftershock this time .
tr	O	I wasn 't really surprised , but I wasn 't ready to give up , either .
tr	I	Neither of us said it , and there wasn 't much to say .
tr	O	Maybe killing Juanita hadn 't appeased his anger , but it 'd be different with Preston .
tr	I	You 're going to give it up for me , and I 'm going to take your blood , Cha .
tr	O	It might have been orange at one time , but now , I would definitely call it brown .
tr	I	I nodded , and she asked .
tr	O	The owl 's eyes were moving and they looked up at her .
tr	I	He did not wipe it away , and I watched a bead of blood drip from his nose .
tr	I	It was an excited noisy , but the children were somewhat noisy .
tr	I	We were just having fun on the side and I knew he was in love with you .
tr	I	Beverly did , but she didn 't want the baby .
tr	I	The glacial caverns themselves would provide safety while they regrouped , but the structure beneath the moon was long gone .
tr	I	Andrew screamed in horror , and he bared his fangs .
tr	I	He had them cinched with a belt that Jake had given him from Alex 's suitcase , but they were still a bit big on him .
tr	I	They don 't bite , and you can train them .
tr	O	My heart picked up a few paces and Lucan reached over to grasp my hand .
tr	O	His silence tore at her nerves but she refused to look at him .
tr	O	I thought that maybe if I stayed with them , it would make things better , but I think it 's made it worse .
tr	I	The busybody 'll be back , and my shift 's up in a couple minutes .
tr	O	I 'm alone here , and I 'm petrified !
tr	O	He recognized it instantly , but he refused to believe what he was seeing .
tr	I	I 'm still here , wasting away , but there 's hardly anything left to me .
tr	I	Her eyes held the same knowing look they had the night before , but she offered a warm smile .
tr	I	I damn well had been up until then ; and I should have been perfect , truly perfect .
tr	O	She remembered discovering it in the stack , and the weird electrical thing had happened before .
tr	O	Making demands on vampires was likely a fatal proposition , but I had little to lose .
tr	I	He pulled it from the shelf , and the ' Primer ' volume seemed as good a book as any .
tr	O	Like the talk of the inexplicable chemistry that occurs between two people , or this notion of ' it 's bigger than both of us ' .
tr	I	Yet for some reason she could still feel the indent of his fingers against her lips , and it hadn 't hurt her .
tr	I	I forced myself to power walk , but I really wanted to run to the trolley stop .
tr	O	Emotions he wasn 't at all comfortable with and certainly wasn 't about to acknowledge filled his chest almost to the point of bursting .
tr	I	He wanted to savor it and this was the moment he had waited for .
tr	I	He had learned from it , but he still blamed himself for Maria 's death .
tr	I	His hand was raised awkwardly , but he tried to fire it .
tr	I	She removes her hands from her sleeves , and the abbess 's lips thin .
tr	O	He brought up a shield but it collapsed under the attack .
tr	O	I leaned closer and my breath caught .
tr	I	She 's grinding her butt against him and some guy has his arms around her .
tr	I	Brad frowned , but I almost started to giggle .
tr	O	Bob is a smart human and he doesn 't want to get trapped outside !
tr	I	It had been worth a shot , but that was as he 'd feared .
tr	I	It meant MYTH might have a leak , and there was only one thing she could think of that made sense if that was true .
tr	O	He knew he would be stuck playing Xbox all afternoon with his cousins and there would be no time to get any running practice in before dark .
tr	O	Oh , he wanted to and a lot more , but that didn 't make it any wiser .
tr	I	Speed was of the essence , but he hesitated to add the rest .
tr	O	It was pleasantly chill outside , and he repressed a shiver .
tr	I	He was heavy , and she almost had to carry him .
tr	O	I was pathetic , in a way , and I could only despise myself even more .
tr	I	There aren 't even many of those now but the locals used it for an occasional meeting .
tr	I	I knew he was right , and Finn got up from the table , placed his hand on my shoulder .
tr	I	Two guardians suddenly raced up to us , and shouts sounded nearby .
tr	I	Now he came toward her , reaching out , and he had put down the reel of tape .
tr	O	He was going to say more , but a sudden wonder cut him short .
tr	O	The bus door hissed open and I begrudgingly climbed aboard .
tr	O	Her eyes glazed over and her face went slack .
tr	O	I hired a sexy , edgy bartender , and I got a hipster in a bun with no tattoos !
tr	O	That one night at church sticks in my mind and I don 't think I 'll ever forget it .
tr	I	It seems right secure , but I feel my nose to see if it 's ready to fall off .
tr	O	He had some weaknesses , as she 'd discovered in the last couple of months , but this was new .
tr	I	It isn 't , or it 's either there .
tr	O	I want to ask you a couple questions and I promise not to punish you for the answers you give .
tr	I	Making small talk would make him look less nefarious , but he didn 't care where Anthony 's mate was .
tr	O	He looked into her eyes and it wasn 't possible to guess what he was thinking .
tr	I	The original ones returned and the painting of me would have to be shelved .
tr	I	Then slowed , feeling compressed , like he was folding in on himself , and he began to soar .
tr	I	The rescue team hastened over , and the crewman switched his torch back on , over to the left of Greg .
tr	O	She 's jealous , but I said wait .
tr	I	Then it 's lights out , the big hive in the sky , and they can only sting once .
tr	I	Even more recently a theme park called Water Wonderland and recently it has been a mushroom farm .
tr	O	Her skirt fell around her feet and he caressed her buttocks through the silk of her panties .
tr	I	He could not put a name to her but Belkin ensured he kept his eyes on Luce 's face , wondering that she looked vaguely familiar .
tr	O	Carol 's image flooded back to the back of my eyeballs and I felt weak at the knees .
tr	I	I know he loves me , but Wel , Dad 's always been a hard ass .
tr	O	There were two photos with a man tagged as Derek Girard and I tried to memorize the way he looked .
tr	I	Many simple extrapolations could be made without danger , but true , experimenting with the One Power could be disastrous .
tr	I	Ellie could , but the slur was so slight that no one else would have been able to tell it was there .
tr	O	She flipped her phone and it was Emily .
tr	O	Witch had sunken , beady eyes , and a long , crooked nose as green oak leaves cast the face in a greenish hue .
tr	O	I had expected Sophie to hide things of high value that she didn 't want destroyed but looking in all I could see were trivial items .
tr	I	They packed desiccant in to keep them dry on the journey and all two thousand of the spheres fit into the single vial .
tr	I	The place looked even cozier , and Andy turned on some more lamps .
tr	O	She managed to keep her voice low , but her frustration laced the tone with sarcasm .
tr	O	Those people she socialized with were also in the industry and they talked shop most of the time .
tr	O	Valentine gave me sleeping drafts , but those just gave me nightmares .
tr	O	Alex looked around for Kincaid , but the doctor wasn 't there .
tr	I	She began to moan in her ecstasy and he put his head between her legs .
tr	I	She needed to be far enough from the top , but she didn 't need to climb too deep .
tr	I	Simone remained standing , watching the whole group uncertainly as she rubbed her bruised throat , but Roman joined him a moment later .
tr	I	He looked at his hands and Bobby 's face turned grim .
tr	I	I say nothing , but I think Then don 't .
tr	I	He couldn 't weaken now but he hated to see it .
tr	O	He is one of the human butchers , and he has targeted you .
tr	O	Some really strange things had happened , and I still didn 't have a lot of answers .
tr	O	The entire town celebrated along with Jack and life continued .
tr	O	He was strapped in , and it was choking him .
tr	I	They needed one , and Evening Star was pleased because there was no man in their teepee .
tr	I	He didn 't but she waited for him to speak .
tr	I	Slightly behind them , which bothered him on some strange , elemental level he didn 't know existed , but she stood between the two men .
tr	O	He might be able to deny his mother , but he couldn 't say no to his aunt .
tr	O	The night was cold , and I shivered against it .
tr	I	Her Master of the Guard helped me see that and talking to Karla about the family she formed with her adopted daughter .
tr	O	I love Nicole and I love Stephan .
tr	O	She knew he wanted this as badly as she did , but she wasn 't entirely certain that it would be enough .
tr	O	Of course I was going to have to pay for my dinner with information , but it just might be worth it .
tr	I	I need him to spell it out , but I know what he 's getting at .
tr	I	I was more confused than ever , but I could tell from Neil 's expression that he was hoping that had made sense to me .
tr	I	He could feel the rest of the room shift forward with him , and his arms unfolded .
tr	I	They would never have to worry about another thing for all eternity and he wanted to assure her that he would take her far away .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop myself and openly crying .
tr	I	Right now he was just a painful reminder of the brother that she couldn 't have , but she cared so much about him .
tr	I	She couldn 't help it , but she knew she should stop prying .
tr	I	He 's making me uneasy , but I can 't fully see him other than out of the corner of my eye .
tr	I	I was more than that , but I was Shane Lasher .
tr	I	I even grew fond of her , and I did my duty , Pa .
tr	I	Her nails pressed harder into his skin and she gasped again .
tr	O	The urge to shift hit me again , and I bent forward , resisting the urge .
tr	O	My finger caressed my precious gift in my pocket , and I felt tears prickle at the corners of my eyes .
tr	I	The line collapsed toward us and there was a moment when the reporters pressed forward .
tr	I	The subject was simply the numeral one with a couple of leading zeros and there was a message waiting for him .
tr	I	We stepped into the anteroom and the wall was still open .
tr	O	It seemed that their momentary truce had ended and her sorrow was quickly swallowed by impatience .
tr	O	Silence descended and she shifted from foot to foot .
tr	I	I 'm trying not to assume anything , but I 'm not trying to hurt you .
tr	I	I had no right to be upset and he was paying me a huge sum of money to help him .
tr	I	The words were buried but I wanted to speak .
tr	I	He kept pounding , but the silver burned .
tr	I	Her hand was now slapping my shoulder in agitated fits and a shrill sound of elation came from Cora 's mouth .
tr	I	His hands tightened on my waist and I undid the next button down .
tr	I	It was one thing he felt they needed to discuss , but Carol 's apparent strength wasn 't the only thing that troubled Steve .
tr	O	Those tenants have an average income of nine thousand dollars a year , and they 're paying less than two hundred dollars a month in rent .
tr	O	No matter what he said to her now , she had only to stand firm , and he would falter .
tr	O	My face was still flushing a deep red and I wanted to sink into the ground .
tr	I	Like a fool he 'd stumbled upon the scene , and he 'd had no idea Valerie was leaving that morning .
tr	O	I was not dead , and I felt someone owed me an explanation for why .
tr	I	She turned , and a shadow shifted to her left .
tr	I	She kept a straight face , not daring to laugh but the plush grass tickled as it slipped between her toes .
tr	I	Marcus felt his heart start to race , and a look of shock ran through her eyes .
tr	I	I knew it wasn 't really true , but I tried to make him feel better .
tr	O	He turned to face her , shocked , and instant shame crawled down Levana 's skin .
tr	I	All who were there were lulled into a spiritual trance , and the silhouettes of braves dancing in the firelight were intoxicating .
tr	O	I told him we could finally tell our story , and of how everyone would know that we were the heroes that we knew we were .
tr	O	She should be thrilled about being here , but dread had begun a sneaky assault against her since they stepped into Kent .
tr	O	We need schools , but nobody knows how to educate our children .
tr	O	He stepped closer , and I stepped back .
tr	I	I kept walking , the moonlight leading the way , but Pieces of gravel poked at my feet .
tr	O	Her face is swollen and her voice is listless , like a heavy sigh .
tr	O	A great hatch appeared in the light , and a thick stillness took over the room .
tr	I	Her accent is pretty cool , though a little hard to adjust too , and Michelle is from England .
tr	O	I see him wince at the word ' vampire ' but I ask anyway , still stuck on the previous statement .
tr	I	I didn 't get much sleep last night and I 've got a big day ahead of me .
tr	I	The car drove on to the gravel road , and the police car 's indicator started to flash .
tr	O	His jackal was with him , uninjured , but Shane 's wolverine was limping .
tr	I	Still they wanted more and everything in their lives was already a vacation from reality ?
tr	O	Henry closed his eyes again , and this time he landed amongst the trees .
tr	I	She just continues on with the lesson and I look up at Ms. Thomas !
tr	O	There was no sign of life , yet the yard looked freshly mowed , the bushes recently trimmed .
tr	I	She 'd started wishing for what she once considered to be out of her reach and Christophe had helped her change that way of thinking .
tr	O	I 'd never held any hope of doing anything like this , yet here I was .
tr	I	He accepted the call and I told the operator my name was Samuel St. John .
tr	O	He stood cloaked in shadow , but his face couldn 't be mistaken for anyone else 's .
tr	I	I was all fired up , and okay , this time , the breathing wasn 't working .
tr	I	I put my finger against his lips , but Trenton began to speak .
tr	I	You know that 's supposedly where we 're heading and he acts like he 'd be good in a fight .
tr	I	That wasn 't her concern , but it would take a while to sift through .
tr	O	The screamer nodded , and she removed her hand .
tr	I	Silent tears rolled down her cheeks but she didn 't make any noise .
tr	O	They approached New York , but none of the passengers cried with joy .
tr	I	For the first time , Beth was conscious of how long it had been since she 'd had a conversation like this , and he laughed .
tr	O	At first , I heard nothing , but then I relaxed .
tr	I	The houseboat slid off the bank the Sea Ray surged forward forcing me to kill the engines , and all at once the stern lurched .
tr	O	He honestly didn 't know , but he intended to find out .
tr	O	Maks was not one of those selected to go and he approached the open passenger 's - side window .
tr	O	I tackled Grand , and we fought .
tr	O	I thought I was naked , lying on a cold , hard table , but I was covered with a thin , white gown .
tr	O	I mean we saw customers come in and yet there were no people inside .
tr	O	She knew it was impossible that she 'd conceived naturally , but there was such strong evidence to back the theory as well .
tr	O	It 's a secret place , but I know where it is .
tr	O	After the aliens arrived our education had become more restricted and NASA had been shut down six months after .
tr	I	I don 't know why and I don 't like it when he calls me it .
tr	O	We are in survival mode , and the only thing that matters is maximizing the number of lives saved in the long run .
tr	I	You never date anyone within the industry , and because you never mix business with pleasure .
tr	O	I took early retirement because someone took a shot at me and I promised Mariel I 'd stay out of harm 's way .
tr	I	The two lithe figures slipped in one after the other and * The small pantry window creaked open .
tr	O	The Russians were making great strides in space technology , and as were other countries also preparing huge underground bunkers able to support millions .
tr	O	Now he was here , and she had to battle down a flurry of nerves .
tr	I	He started grinning like a madman and when he pulled back , there was a dawning realization in his eyes .
tr	I	I want things the way I want them , but I 'm greedy .
tr	I	I would have given up back then if it hadn 't been for Danny , and made a mess of things the first few months .
tr	I	Janice had no clue why , and the SUV wouldn 't start .
tr	I	They could be twins in their choice of clothing , but Suzy didn 't look like his mother physically other than maybe height .
tr	O	The hall was crowded , and we began moving to the public part of the club .
tr	I	Chase realized he was missing one front tooth and he grinned .
tr	I	Alfie raised it above her head but she tried to grab the paper .
tr	O	I backed away from the fire , but it kept coming to me , trying to burn me alive .
tr	I	That seemed pointless , but he wanted to shout at her that Iain wasn 't dead yet .
tr	O	He 'd maintain his innocence forever , but snowboarding was in his past .
tr	O	Determined to get through to him , I started forward , but a cold hand closed fast around my wrist .
tr	I	I felt shaky as we followed Jamie up to the ticket counter , and it wasn 't a pleasant thought .
tr	O	His expression hardened , and I could practically see the smoke pouring out of his ears .
tr	O	The Arab had helped to dig the grave , but he had not seen what was put into it .
tr	O	You 've been up since before three this morning and I doubt you even went to bed last night .
tr	I	When there was nothing more to expose he undid his own , and he peeled the complicated robes from me , fastidious as flaying .
tr	O	Other patrons emerged from their rooms , and soon the guards arrived , breaking everything up .
tr	O	He walked past my table , and Kira tapped me on the thigh with her purple pom-pom pen .
tr	I	Dayan only tightened his hold on her , but Corinne moved , a subtle feminine retreat .
tr	I	It was a huge weight on Liam 's shoulders and being a healer took enormous dedication .
tr	O	She had wanted to retain the poor girl as a bodyguard , but she couldn 't come up with a good reason .
tr	I	Legend was often a lie told by the gods to fool mortals , but Legend claimed it had been killed by Hermes .
tr	O	I had dropped to a prone position and while crawling on my knees , I began inching my way toward him .
tr	I	I saw Marshal go for his belt dagger and Rob looked toward me .
tr	I	Brett 's face appeared and the gate opened slowly .
tr	I	These are my people , and this is my family .
tr	O	If that wasn 't enough , Skylar immediately got into the man 's face , and she looked damn scary .
tr	I	From the way they held them , I suspected they were actually weapons of some sort , but both held what looked like little cell phones .
tr	O	Cliff was shouting , but Lucy didn 't say anything , just kept on with that wailing , gargling sound .
tr	I	Already , her screams have faded from your ears , and you killed her last night .
tr	I	When were alone , we danced as equals , but I subdued myself in front of your family .
tr	O	The tears start streaming down my cheeks in earnest and I can 't control them .
tr	O	We can come back another time if you 'd rather but we shouldn 't really make a habit of dimension hopping .
tr	O	Within a few months her heart would be broken , shattered , and she 'd be limping away .
tr	O	This land was wild , and it could be cruel .
tr	O	The magistrates quickly stepped forward , and two grabbed Sarah 's arms .
tr	O	My wings threatened to come out but I controlled it .
tr	O	I took Abigail 's hands again , and under my fingertips I could feel , literally feel , her pulse quicken .
tr	O	He fervently wished he could put it off for another three centuries , but there was no chance of that now .
tr	O	Lisa wanted to cancel the interview but Cade wouldn 't listen to reason .
tr	I	A fleeting smile touched his lips , and he looked down at his mother , her Bible open on her lap .
tr	O	She 'd called for backup but she wasn 't waiting around .
tr	I	It had intensified her fatigue , but the Scotch had calmed her .
tr	I	I knew he saw , but I wiped a tear from my eye before it could escape .
tr	I	I would not let myself look at him , but I think out of the corner of my eye , I saw Edward watching us , too .
tr	I	I didn 't wretch at the scene either but I didn 't revel in the gory mess .
tr	O	I was able to ignore the pain at first , but that soon proved impossible .
tr	O	She had beauty , yes , she knew that , but he had a great surpassing vigor .
tr	O	Celeste 's husband was a car enthusiast and she picked up a lot of knowledge at the car shows he was always dragging her to .
tr	O	He stared at me and I felt a shiver run through my body .
tr	O	I thought Lyons ' attitude was rather flippant , but he was always like that in a crisis .
tr	O	There was silence except for the distant sounds of men at work , and the faint noise of the air sizzling where it touched the pyramid .
tr	I	The adrenalin flowing in our bodies made us a little giddy and the excitement from possibly discovering something of archeological importance kept smiles on our faces .
tr	I	Katherine called it quits and another trawler bobbed by .
tr	I	She fell to the ground , sobbing into her hands and a wail of anguish escaped her throat .
tr	I	The girls were pretty badass , which I could respect , but it was more chill than what I usually listened to .
tr	O	The food was fantastic , as usual , and I ate too much , as usual .
tr	O	It was Thursday , and he only had less than four full days to try to win her heart .
tr	O	It belonged to the Lord when it was in the animal , and it belonged to the Lord now .
tr	O	She didn 't remember how it started , but someone challenged Gaston to a swimming race .
tr	O	I pick my way around fallen metal shards , six meters across , and Hit shakes her head as we pass .
tr	O	The goon wouldn 't know where to look , and Daniel could stay there the rest of the evening .
tr	I	I knew it wasn 't Heaven , and I knew it wasn 't Gatlin .
tr	I	I don 't like her the same way I did back when we were fourteen , but she was beautiful .
tr	O	Much looked confused , and John stepped forward .
tr	I	I was in his face , and Everything flashed .
tr	I	For a moment I thought they lost their emerald gleam and his eyes flashed dangerously .
tr	O	I felt him jerk even as he howled with anger , and his hand pinned my neck to the tree , choking me .
tr	I	She wanted to stay home to raise them , as I hoped my wife would , and she wanted children , as did I .
tr	I	We got a little bit of a zombie problem , but I don 't know if you noticed .
tr	O	Angus did it effortlessly , looking like he 'd been born to it , but Paul was awkward .
tr	I	The chains are in the way , but his tongue tries to suck me .
tr	O	I 'd only met her once , but she seemed really nice .
tr	I	The house itself wasn 't as large as in his time , and the landscape had changed .
tr	O	I couldn 't see where there was anything to be excited about , but he went on to report that the chef was excited as well .
tr	O	I had wanted to question him on it , but we barely had a moment alone , never mind time to have an in depth conversation .
tr	O	He was holding her , kissing her breasts , yet she was slipping down through a fathomless darkness .
tr	I	I 've already got my sermon done for Sunday and this is Tuesday .
tr	O	I 've lost count but my tongue feels funny .
tr	I	He didn 't say it back , and I told him that I loved him .
tr	O	I could see that this was the hardest part for her , and I braced myself for the worst .
tr	O	He reached across to turn on his bedside light but his hand was met with more prickles .
tr	I	He smiled , cradling his shoulder , and Geoffrey glanced down at his wound .
tr	I	When you kiss me I feel everything and when I 'm with you , I feel safe .
tr	O	There was another phone call that James received that upset him greatly and he had no idea how to respond to it .
tr	O	When I opened it his mouth dropped open and I know this boy knew what I looked like .
tr	I	She gave birth in a penitentiary , and she was pregnant with her lover 's baby .
tr	O	The apartment was identical to his and he knew exactly where to look .
tr	I	She hadn 't done a damn thing to stop it , and she 'd known .
tr	O	I heard the sound of the gun 's hammer being cocked and I clutched my skirt desperately .
tr	O	It was an assurance that I didn 't feel , but hopefully he didn 't know that .
tr	O	I reach to steady myself , but there is nothing to hold .
tr	I	A parking lot bleached white by the sun , and there were lots of palm trees , too .
tr	I	The entire city seemed to enjoy the celebration and it was a festive show of colored explosions .
tr	O	Henry placed his hands on the glass , and a keyboard appeared below his fingertips .
tr	I	Obviously enjoying the hell out of himself , but when she finally pulled him away , he was gasping for air .
tr	O	His hand cupped her chin and he pulled her eyes up to meet his .
tr	I	My tears flowed when I looked upon it ; and below this picture was a miniature of Wilma .
tr	O	I tried to sound confident , but I had a good idea of how boys were .
tr	I	The others muttered , and her eyes widened .
tr	I	They came to worship the obscene stupor it offered , and the more they partook , the more they desired .
tr	O	He didn 't stop me , and I didn 't stop him .
tr	O	He laughed and Kelly almost forgot they 'd broken up .
tr	I	Now I 'm waiting , and I finished his errand .
tr	I	He renovated roads and he constructed hospitals for animals .
tr	O	I had power , and I had pride .
tr	O	I thought that would help , but she won 't see them .
tr	I	His eyes were on me and I looked at him in question .
tr	I	He couldn 't stop it , but the whole act took on a whole new meaning .
tr	I	His words flowed slowly , like winter cream , but he was so cold he no longer shivered .
tr	O	I turned to Tristan , and we exchanged surprised looks .
tr	O	I 'd made a promise , and I intended to keep it .
tr	I	Her grin widened into a smile -- then the hammer dropped , and I narrowed my eyes , not knowing what she was thinking .
tr	I	Daemon had then fried it , burning it until there wasn 't much of anything left , and we 'd driven their car into the woods .
tr	I	The action still almost made his stomach empty its contents , but he knew it was coming .
tr	I	I can feel his hesitation when he reluctantly pulls away and he kisses my cheek .
tr	O	She laid her head on his chest and they danced in silence .
tr	I	That simple movement got the dog 's attention , and I rubbed a hand across my forehead .
tr	O	Chase called back , and I forced myself to pick up .
tr	O	His face screwed up in confusion and he muttered something over his cigarette .
tr	O	I knew I was being clingy , but I almost couldn 't help myself .
tr	I	We loaded into the wagon and it was the dark of morning .
tr	I	Missy adjusted his stirrups for him before handing him the reins and Ricky easily mounted .
tr	I	I set aside my bike , and we reached the little park .
tr	O	After The Great War that changed but those families still keep those connections with each other .
tr	O	He let out a howl and in the process let go of my arm .
tr	I	He let the matter drop , but an exasperated sigh escaped Lindahl .
tr	I	If she did , her tone reflected no concerns about it , or she 'd never questioned Travis 's claims about hearing Gabby 's voice .
tr	I	He weighed in but Linda was quicker than her husband .
tr	I	The lights went up and the curtain came down .
tr	O	Julie just cried , and Ethan managed to lift her from the pillow .
tr	I	Hers was one of the largest , and Grace lived on a street of large homes .
tr	I	The driver came fast to open the boot to be able to put in our luggage , and I got in with her in a yellow cab .
tr	O	Threats were made and Laird McDonald was nearly apoplectic in his fury .
tr	I	She headed down the hall and he gestured to his right .
tr	O	Her ears rang and her heart raced .
tr	O	It was unlikely that Beth Ann was pregnant -- but unlikely wasn 't impossible .
tr	I	He rolled off her fluidly , sitting on the edge of the bed with his broad back to her and she nodded under his hand .
tr	I	It was a comfortable silence but they were silent .
tr	I	I had to grow up at some point , but maybe if I had stayed twenty-two , it would have worked out .
tr	O	Rhona was right behind him , but she seemed a little nervous .
tr	I	I quickly wrapped my arms around my center , and a sudden thought occurred to me .
tr	O	She managed to get her fingers in between the jaw of the mutt and she ripped it open as far as it could go .
tr	I	Franz tensed up and the whimpering ceased .
tr	I	Even so , his overall situation has changed little , but Rift 's sense of gravity is thrown by the profoundly odd sensation .
tr	O	I still remember looking down at them , and just the smell had made my eyes water .
tr	O	He did not understand a single word she had said , but they hit him like stones .
tr	O	They 'd been friends , but they didn 't fit .
tr	I	It nudged him even closer to insanity just knowing she wanted him this way , and she looked at him with longing , aroused .
tr	I	He saved many of our lives , and Aidan did the best he could .
tr	I	It was hard not to look at a woman like Jacqueline , but Mark told himself that he was just doing his job .
tr	O	Now he took the nickname as a sign that he was forgiven for being such an ass ... and he was grateful for it .
tr	O	She looked around , but no one was there .
tr	O	They might not find Joan , but they might be able to locate her sister .
tr	O	Denise 's grip increased from a strong attachment to a vice grip and she twisted his head back in her direction to kiss him .
tr	I	He seemed to be enjoying it , and she was halfway through a romantic novel at the moment .
tr	O	The sand in the next room began to pile up in a strange way , and I was suddenly yanked through the window into the next room .
tr	O	She smiled as she turned her back on him , and he had to admit that observing her from this new angle had its advantages .
tr	O	I can alert Em and she can tell the rest of the news people .
tr	I	Even in the darkness , I could make out men moving heavy equipment , and I looked around .
tr	O	Mikey glanced at the horse -- and that 's when she grabbed his wrist , pulling his right hand into full view .
tr	I	I knew we were running out of time , and more red sniper beams emerged by the second .
tr	O	After they left I could see how down Jonathan was and I tried to cheer him up .
tr	O	We ended up parking after the movie and we made out for a little while .
tr	O	I can sense a mess of power from the building over there , but it 's being generated by multiple beings .
tr	O	I looked and I saw her looking up at me just underneath the surface .
tr	I	I blinked it away , but I felt heat welling behind my eyes .
tr	I	In time of war he wins his freedom by doing so , and a thrall may fight in his master 's defence .
tr	I	The soldier in charge stopped him and the two front guards left them at the front of the entrance .
tr	O	The Boston compound was safe for no one now , but there was no need for Hunter to say it .
tr	O	They had hired a few employees and Jasmine had a nanny who would be at the shop to help with the two babies .
tr	O	The hook can extend out to just over three feet , and Dane is maintaining a safe distance from the grumpy snake .
tr	O	She paused for a second and he felt hot breath on his cheek .
tr	O	They went inside , and there she found hushed reverence .
tr	O	Jack 's fist clenched tight and he looked ready to punch the next thing that moved .
tr	I	Fitting stuff together like puzzle pieces , and Ivan 's brain was twisting around .
tr	I	He worked hard moving furniture so I forgave him somewhat for being a generally unpleasant person but Todd didn 't like any of my family .
tr	I	Then I heard regret in his voice , and there was a pause .
tr	I	Jonah returned , and reflection time followed .
tr	O	Brian hadn 't exactly said all was forgiven last night , but he was probably ready to talk .
tr	O	* * * Buy Wishing in the Wings and read more of Teel 's story !
tr	I	Now it offered her some comfort from the unknown , and the book had offered her hope of something better .
tr	O	The men had vicious animals with them , and one of the animals was chasing him .
tr	O	The Order of Darkness are preparing to invade , and we won 't be able to stop them alone .
tr	O	I feel warmth on my arm and I look at it in confusion .
tr	O	Certainly Tony had asked questions , and he feared he knew how she had answered them .
tr	O	He didn 't see any unusual activity , but he figured they were out there .
tr	I	My rage wasn 't sated yet , and it seemed too easy to me .
tr	I	She had a feeling that these officers would be inquisitive - and she shouldn 't be here .
tr	O	I want to stay near her , but I scurry to the side , needing relief from her presence more than anything else .
tr	I	It will creep up on you quicker than you realize and traveling as we are is very tiring .
tr	I	He saw her pupils were dilated and she held his gaze .
tr	I	He 'd probably just work in his office somewhere and the house was big enough .
tr	O	They made slow progress along the road , but no enemy attacks came .
tr	O	I thought about walking right in , but I knew that was wrong .
tr	O	I couldn 't live with myself , yet the thought of dying left me terrified .
tr	I	More importantly , she loved the security of the palace , but she loved her job .
tr	O	He hated to have to ask , but no one around had any real physician 's abilities .
tr	O	I cursed fluently , but it came out as a weird croaking cry .
tr	I	He never comes , but I 've invited him over .
tr	I	Devon had declined , but her parents had offered to get her an apartment in Chicago since she had decided to stay .
tr	I	It didn 't hurt to be more cautious than not , but Border patrol would be much more relaxed during the wee hours of morning anyways .
tr	O	Abe 's dark eyes flick to our hands and he shakes his head .
tr	I	I couldn 't figure out what it was supposed to be , but it looked like a tunnel with a light at the end .
tr	I	I was glued to my spot , immobilized by fear , but Everything told me to run , not looking back .
tr	I	She blushed again , and then she realised that this subterfuge was pointless as far as Ogg was concerned .
tr	I	The very thought of you entering such a disreputable place unsettles me , and you 're my wife , after all .
tr	O	He tried to swim backward but it didn 't appear to do any good .
tr	O	Likes to rough 'em up a bit , make a few threats , but if they do him for free , he leaves ' em alone .
tr	O	I doubled over a little but I didn 't go down .
tr	I	She wanted to hear a local 's opinion , and the comment was along the lines of what she was thinking .
tr	O	I want to talk to my friends , and I want to talk to Carlos .
tr	O	Sarah 's heart pounded and her chest tightened as she steeled herself for a dash to the stairs .
tr	O	It was too soon yet , but the day was drawing closer .
tr	O	The severe style wasn 't unattractive , not with her bone structure , but he missed her golden curls .
tr	O	I hadn 't chained up her soul , but I had chained her body to the floor of the lake .
tr	I	I attempt to smile , and there 's an awkward pause .
tr	O	My voice trembles and we kiss , his lips lingering on mine .
tr	I	Then he released a ragged breath , and several seconds stretched out .
tr	I	Her eyes sparkled with animation , and she had a winsome smile .
tr	I	I threw it across the room , and the calf parted from the knee .
tr	I	At last I bow , accepting the blade , and I feel the pressure of the many eyes .
tr	O	Miles had fallen silent , and now stood leaning against the wall , studying Tavi with his lips pursed .
tr	I	They were all armed , and the men looked pissed .
tr	O	The early spring shadows were already crossing the playground and a chill was in the air , a reflection of the higher altitude of the area .
tr	O	He eyes me as if I were a strange sort of beetle , and he 's curious what I might do .
tr	O	Passengers stumbled around inside , but I didn 't care if any of them saw me disappear .
tr	O	My heart raced , but I sat .
tr	O	They do what they want , and they walk away .
tr	I	Before she knew it , she was crying , too , and sadness rose up in Lexi .
tr	O	The ground under their feet was polished smooth , and the walls of the corridor curved inward gracefully .
tr	I	His mind was clear but he too appeared weary .
tr	I	I felt awesome , and add the humiliation factor with the giant bruise on my knee .
tr	I	Suddenly it was hard to breathe , and he pressed his thin lips together .
tr	I	Spencer would have to finish high school at Rosewood Public , and Rosewood Day would probably expel her .
tr	O	Our little brother suddenly has a phone , and he suddenly has money in his pocket .
tr	I	This was a bad alcohol-induced nightmare I would wake up from any minute , and I had to have gotten seriously drunk .
tr	I	Before my eyes , he simply appeared , and I kept my gaze on the circle .
tr	O	He smelled like the outdoors , which was intoxicating in itself , but the security she felt in his arms was even better .
tr	I	Slung it over his shoulder as he descended the stairs to the basement and Cael pulled his thin jacket off .
tr	I	Today he was a little more on edge , but normally he appeared very comfortable behind the wheel .
tr	O	He pumped his fingers and I rocked against them .
tr	I	She didn 't want to knowingly put anyone in that position , and she knew all about looking like an idiot .
tr	O	She was speaking , but it was useless .
tr	O	She glanced back toward the house , but Grace had gone inside .
tr	I	If I 'm honest , I don 't even hate Derek for it , but I guess most people would have been scarred by it .
tr	I	Her grandfather was reading the newspaper in the recliner , and her father was reading a book on the couch .
tr	I	My eyes are drawn in that direction , but I do not look , to look would be cruel .
tr	O	Cassandra gave him a saucy smile , but there was panic in her eyes .
tr	I	She held her breath , and Anticipation cut through her .
tr	O	Because she told him it was his baby and she had no reason to lie .
tr	I	I sighed and Logan 's hand gripped my hip harder .
tr	I	She drove to her parents ' instead , but she wanted to return to the farmhouse .
tr	O	Sera stammered to answer , but nothing coherent came out .
tr	I	He shoved it at her , and the bowl was soon empty .
tr	I	The floor of the chamber opened up and the clouds parted .
tr	O	I expected him to laugh , but he didn 't .
tr	I	Fox 's jaw loosened , and she raised her face .
tr	O	My voice had gotten hoarse with misuse , and the sobbing had done nothing to help .
tr	I	Alex was rather possessive of her station , but as the owner , she could have made someone else perform this chore .
tr	O	Her mother had spoken about Ben a number of times , but she 'd never said anything out of the ordinary .
tr	O	I 'd brought her home via a private jet and she 'd slept the entire way .
tr	I	She didn 't notice but he moved closer to her .
tr	I	She shut us out and the noise wall went up .
tr	O	My mind was still not satisfied and I needed to know more .
tr	O	We were only given one to demo , and traveling alone in these parts is dangerous .
tr	I	With a touch from the God , its leg outstretched completely healed , but the grasshopper 's leg was broken .
tr	I	Joshua got the sick feeling he was about to , yet it was hard to imagine meeting anyone more frightening .
tr	I	Nevertheless , she 'd kicked ass right alongside everyone else , but granted , she 'd had some help from Daniel .
tr	O	His voice was still slurred and his eyes were still glossy .
tr	O	The words sounded mad to his own ears , but he couldn 't stop them now that he 'd started .
tr	O	The whole room seemed to fade away and the only thing she was sure about was that she had to get out of the restaurant .
tr	I	Then her eyes came back to me , and I watched as she looked around her .
tr	I	I had become distracted , and the discussion to help you further had intensified .
tr	O	This was not a situation I took lightly , and it was a good sign that he didn 't , either .
tr	I	I realized that was due to the loud beating of my heart , but at first , the sounds were muffled .
tr	O	We have to work , or we 'll all die .
tr	O	She had loved John , but not in the way she should have .
tr	I	The agent gave her a small , genuine smile , the first smile Spencer had ever seen from her , and Spencer glanced at Fuji .
tr	O	There was no gray film , and I didn 't see anything .
tr	O	I thought about retreating , but the voices held me .
tr	O	Maybe his mother wasn 't the most soft-spoken person in the world , but she was very responsible .
tr	O	Okay so I was lying but she 'd never know that .
tr	O	I sighed , but reluctance would get us nowhere .
tr	O	She tried to pull away , but my grip on them tightened .
tr	O	He smiles menacingly , and my stomach drops as I remember I don 't have my phone anymore .
tr	I	I unzipped them , the belt already undone and my hands made their way to his jeans again .
tr	I	The entire world celebrated our union , and I was happy .
tr	I	They 're here , but I haven 't seen them .
tr	I	Maybe that was asking too much , but Lexi wanted her friend to smile .
tr	I	He had proof but I told him you didn 't live here .
tr	O	The ball rolled by Pepe at third , and we had our first base runner .
tr	O	My pulse spiked , and my heart began to slam just a bit harder against my rib cage .
tr	O	He 's quick to buckle himself in , and for a moment I consider taking him .
tr	I	My eyes widened , and I flicked my partner a quick glance .
tr	I	The small ones rushed off , following the road in the direction of the body , and he kept the pouch for himself .
tr	I	Her weapons were still there , but Izzy was gone .
tr	I	I shivered and his hands ran up my back .
tr	O	You took my soul and you stole my heart .
tr	O	The smile returned in full force and he laughed again .
tr	I	She sensed how much the teen valued her composure , but Zoe desperately wanted to pull Sam into her arms .
tr	O	It got the desired reaction and she could see him forcibly throwing off the effects of his injuries .
tr	I	My sandals are on my feet and my hair is up .
tr	I	She came highly recommended on several boards , and I did a bunch of research last night after you went to bed .
tr	O	She also felt so soft to the touch , and I said exactly what was in my heart .
tr	I	Cohen helped me into one of his T-shirts and we made our way clumsily into the bedroom .
tr	I	She had seen the bruises on the arm of the girl that had served them , and one of the older ones had a black eye .
tr	O	She shoved that darkness from her mind , but she knew it would come back .
tr	O	No one else had her shade of hair and no other woman attracted him so strongly .
tr	I	It was too late , but Bryony shouted a warning .
tr	O	Ainsley 's gaze went to his lips , and she wet her own .
tr	O	At least this was a distraction for Cassie and she didn 't have to worry about herself .
tr	O	I saw the car and I couldn 't stop .
tr	O	He hugged me so thoroughly that my feet came off the ground and I was left a little breathless .
tr	O	Rasputin motioned to his remaining followers , and they reluctantly stepped closer to her .
tr	O	Hemingway once slept there , but that doesn 't help .
tr	O	I was sure I 'd hear the reason for why , but I wasn 't ready for it now .
tr	O	Alex handed it to her and she took out the crystal .
tr	O	Arman could tell there was a retort on Hawthorne 's lips for the unnecessary advice , but the commander bit it back with his usual decorum .
tr	I	He sounded rushed , but Kevin asked .
tr	I	He felt the unquenchable pain ; but she tried to veil her mind from him .
tr	O	Mr. Maher nodded at him , and James cowered under her explosive expression .
tr	I	For that I was grateful to him and he had saved my life again tonight .
tr	O	I stood there listening to the words , but they didn 't quite make sense .
tr	I	It gave him a chill but none of it made a whole lot of sense to him .
tr	O	At the same time he couldn 't shake his infatuation with her , and the monopoly on her company this arrangement seemed to promote .
tr	O	A jet of bright arterial blood sprayed forth and the mage dropped like a stone , instinctively clutching his crimson arm to his chest .
tr	O	The orange flames were already burning low , but it was my duty to extinguish them .
tr	I	I hold up a hand , but he moves toward me , as if he 's going to hug me .
tr	O	I could taste the beer on his tongue and the bitterness of it heightened my arousal .
tr	O	She had been my best friend for a while , and she had been there for me when my parents had died .
tr	I	We 're suddenly interrupted , but my hand moves to hold her face to take over the kiss .
tr	I	When it did , the defenders would be slaughtered and he knew the Plague would eventually find this world .
tr	I	She squinted in the smoke , and a cigarette dangled from her lip .
tr	O	It took him several rings to answer the phone , and his voice was groggy .
tr	O	Cole stood back up , and Max held out the device that he had used earlier to figure out where we were .
tr	O	Len was asking us , but he was looking at Chase .
tr	I	There was something pretty scary going on behind them , and completely blank , except for his eyes .
tr	I	She emitted a delicate , fluttering sigh and her gaze dropped down to his grin .
tr	O	I asked , but he didn 't say anything .
tr	O	She emerged into something that resembled a small back yard , but mostly she noticed it was a dead-end .
tr	O	There were cries of surprise , and someone yelled for a fire extinguisher .
tr	O	He was hardware and I was software .
tr	I	It was becoming more difficult to breathe and as they slowly descended , the air became thicker with dust .
tr	O	Aidan hit Necrosis with a wave of fire , but it had no effect .
tr	O	The cigarette slipped from his lips and he died just as he knew he would .
tr	I	His belly wasn 't left wanting , but he may not have eaten the prime cuts .
tr	I	A torn grey arm begin to emerge and Jack turned to see the foliage rustle .
tr	O	The ground beneath them was opening up and the burning purple gas was surging out .
tr	I	Tears swelled in her eyes , and Zoey 's bottom lip trembled .
tr	I	She wanted to learn , but really , she didn 't know how to play hopscotch .
tr	O	Her gaze was drawn back to Hart , and Isabella laughed .
tr	I	When I catch him staring , he blushes to the roots of his hair , and the gangly youth cannot keep his eyes off me .
tr	I	Grey wasn 't inclined to object , but probably he had ejected some subaltern .
tr	I	The electricity was off , but Coffee would be nice .
tr	O	Already several children from nearby homes had come by , and she 'd bought candy from each of them .
tr	I	At that moment their eyes met , and his hand then faltered .
tr	I	Her face reflected her age for the first time since I 'd known her and her eyes drifted open lazily .
tr	O	It was bad before Allison died , but after that , it was unbearable .
tr	O	Here she was , offering herself to him on a silver platter -- all of her -- and he hadn 't batted an eyelid .
tr	I	I can tell , and she 's tired .
tr	O	The words were spoken with little emotion , yet the threat behind them was clear .
tr	I	A sharp pain on my hand changed my mind , but I hesitated for a second .
tr	O	You went to her flat and you got into a fight .
tr	O	We spent every weekend out here until I was fourteen and she let me come alone .
tr	I	I waited , just waited , for someone to open it , and my gaze snapped to the second , interior door ahead of me .
tr	O	Riding horses and loving it .
tr	I	They were too late but the Welsh frantically attempted to fit another arrow .
tr	O	So like I said , it may not be bad , but it 's worth investigating .
tr	I	My eyes were stinging and my heart was racing .
tr	O	He said it with respect , and her heart lightened even more .
tr	I	Her confidence seemed to drain away and the girl 's eyes clouded over .
tr	I	I understood her reluctance and her voice was wistful .
tr	O	I switched to shots , but they eventually wore off , making me feel even worse .
tr	I	She smiled , but her stomach muscles tensed .
tr	I	It only makes him more aggressive , but I feebly attempt to fight back .
tr	O	That was just the kind of person she 'd been - and it was the kind of person I wanted to be , too .
tr	O	Carol could hear only one end of the conversation and at first she assumed it was a wrong number .
tr	O	She might feel an attraction for Lucas , but she wouldn 't act on it .
tr	I	It had been a good guess , but he had only been guessing .
tr	O	She 'd taken the plunge , made the call and now she had an honest to goodness interview for a job after school .
tr	I	Fear of betrayal held her paralyzed , but he could feel her reaching for him in her mind , wanting to give herself to him .
tr	O	He was looking straight ahead , but she didn 't miss the wry grin on his face .
tr	O	He sits there for what feels like an eternity and I swear I actually can see when the lights go off in his eyes .
tr	I	If anything his arms tightened around me , but I tried to pull out from underneath him .
tr	O	It had been someone he knew who had betrayed him , but the memory was curiously fading , obscured by endless pain .
tr	I	There were more than two of them now , and the zombies were moving fast .
tr	O	In this unnatural silence , Andrea punched Sean 's number on her cell phone , but he didn 't answer .
tr	O	He stepped into the house and Corrie followed him .
tr	O	The door opened just then and Cheryl stepped forward , grinning from ear to ear .
tr	O	I teased , but it felt good .
tr	O	He 's been horrible to me , but it 's not my fault I 'm not his daughter .
tr	I	Commander Jiao Bai , of the Ocean of Titan , appeared on the main screen and Jeffery smiled .
tr	I	He suspected Bryony wasn 't totally relaxed about it either , but it was an event Edwin had long dreaded .
tr	I	She had nothing to give and now the new ones were asking for payment .
tr	I	I was ready for a break , but I wasn 't particularly excited about eating more of the usual food .
tr	O	He didn 't know if the vitamins could help , but he was sure they couldn 't hurt .
tr	O	He looked like a starving man faced with a sumptuous banquet , and she had a feeling she knew what was on the menu .
tr	O	We swayed to our own beat as the rock n ' roll music blared , but I didn 't think either one of us were listening fully .
tr	I	The sickening concern was inescapable , but Rachel tried to ignore it .
tr	O	The three maids , who had known Alexandra since infancy , weren 't fooled and hid smiles as they moved on to the next bedchamber .
tr	I	Still it didn 't break , but he stretched the substance about a foot .
tr	O	He was a menace then and there was no other way .
tr	O	They may have had a rough few months , but they had been best friends since fifth grade .
tr	I	I started walking towards it and my uniform hung from a metal coat rack at the corner of the room .
tr	O	I was going to go , give her a chance to apologize , but I 've contracted a spot of work to do .
tr	O	It would not happen again.He had ignored her yesterday just to prove he could , but he had failed miserably .
tr	I	Something then went back to sleep or maybe she had gotten up early , like she said , to work out .
tr	O	Leo had also gotten beaten , but Leo settled the matter , early on , by fighting back .
tr	O	His gaze met hers , and she saw the fire banked there .
tr	O	Sticky juice coated his fingers and he watched , detached , as it dripped .
tr	I	The exhaustion I had felt left me and my staff amulet was glowing brightly again .
tr	I	I stumbled as I fell into it and she released her side of the door .
tr	O	I nod and we head over to my banner .
tr	O	Gwen laughed harder , and Thor felt humiliated .
tr	O	It was the very spot Caden and the others had taken me , the day we left the caves for the first time .
tr	I	It caught Watt off guard and it was a simple question .
tr	I	He 'd twice saved her life , but she hadn 't known him long .
tr	O	He was so far from okay it was laughable , but he couldn 't bear to burden her with his problems .
tr	O	They walked through the big room and Colin stopped her right in the middle .
tr	I	It seems like his face turns even paler than usual , but I can 't tell for sure under the artificial light .
tr	I	Sparkling night once more and he glances out his window into the dark .
tr	O	Her gaze found Kat 's , and her entire body relaxed .
tr	O	She went somewhere for a job , and she came back -- like that .
tr	I	Rina gave him what he asked for , and he shook from the effort of holding back .
tr	O	The monk leapt back , and the creature leapt back .
tr	I	He holds onto the railing , heading straight for me and the floor ripples under his steps .
tr	I	He would always be hers , and she would always be his .
tr	O	She 's so light I can barely feel her , but having her on top of me feels so right .
tr	I	He climbed inside and when he arrived , the side door opened .
tr	I	Their lives would never be the same again , and a beautiful life had inexplicably been taken away .
tr	I	Archer shook him off , but call moved toward him .
tr	I	You stink and this place stinks !
tr	I	When they met , Tavi shivered , and her eyes came back to his .
tr	O	My parents were out one night , and I had gone to bed , when one of the crew came back .
tr	O	Packed tight as they were he must have run into her at some point but she wasn 't very recognisable right now .
tr	O	I have a fiance and I 'm getting married .
tr	I	Her legs turn to jelly as she struggled to comprehend the sight that met her in the open doorway and her knees went weak .
tr	O	He brought his lips back to my mouth and his kiss intensified .
tr	O	The men started to mutter , and Scorch continued on .
tr	I	I do not say so to hurt you and my views on your kin are unchanged .
tr	I	In the light from the jet 's window , it flashed like silver , and she held the feather up .
tr	I	More were coming up behind them , and agents were running along the length of it .
tr	O	Flowing water from the fountain a few dozen yards away still filled the air with its music , but the atmosphere felt heavy with anticipation .
tr	I	She gurgled in horror , then passed out and his red syrupy liquid flowed onto her face .
tr	O	Maybe I was , but I was doing something about it .
tr	O	It was a great crime to harm a Nobleman , but they knew he would attack again unless they acted quickly .
tr	I	She managed it , just let it be , but it took a supreme act of will not to layer words onto the hug .
tr	O	I heard disappointment in his voice , but he didn 't stop washing me .
tr	O	His stern voice broke and his eyes grew wet .
tr	I	I couldn 't speak , too overcome with the emotional overload of seeing him again after so long and my entire body shuddered .
tr	I	A woman answered , and I dialed the number Kelsey 's father had given me .
tr	I	A pleasant warmth engulfed Haven 's hand , and a soft glow of orange light filtered through his fingers .
tr	O	I hadn 't seen it before because it was hidden beneath her other foot but the ring was connected to a chain .
tr	O	It 's late and I almost leave .
tr	I	This is Mel we 're talking about , but I don 't want to believe that my best friend killed someone .
tr	I	I saw recognition dawn on him and he followed my gaze .
tr	I	Her eyes found me again behind the counter , and Olivia turned briefly .
tr	I	At once I saw that a court had been convened , and I hadn 't seen this vast room on my earlier visit .
tr	I	Alex did , but perhaps no one else would 've noticed .
tr	I	She wanted their punishment to be equally severe , and men were more evil than she had believed .
tr	O	Red had fallen asleep and the others were also resting .
tr	O	He can be a bit of a wanker , but he did give me life .
tr	O	I nodded and she started to leave .
tr	I	Her fierceness falters when our eyes meet , but she turns to glare at me as soon as she sits down .
tr	I	Charlie seemed to teleport off of Sawyer 's shoulder and they ran out into the open .
tr	O	He made me laugh , but he wasn 't fooling me .
tr	I	He was right , but I hadn 't thought much of the holidays because of my accident .
tr	O	I don 't want to take my arm away , but I must .
tr	O	Convincing her might be an issue , but he knew that his plan was essential to both of their futures .
tr	O	I knew I didn 't need it , but I was glad to have her approval .
tr	O	Her heart thumped in her chest , and she tasted fear on her tongue .
tr	I	The beard he was ignoring since returning home , and his eyes narrowed , a hand over the remains of his hair .
tr	I	It was annoying as heck , and the phone started ringing again , only seconds after it stopped .
tr	I	I could feel my skin prickle as if I were sunburned , and the Old Man turned to look at me .
tr	I	It was not enough to console her , but Mary really looked after with utmost dedication .
tr	O	A faint light peeked out under Franz 's door , and she assumed he forgot to shut off his lamp .
tr	O	There 's laughter in his voice , and he 's sporting a smug grin as he eases off the chaise lounge .
tr	I	Nothing was coming out , but her mouth was open like she was screaming .
tr	I	Maybe the bank would let him keep his line of credit , but he 'd have zip to fall back on .
tr	I	I walk away from her and she rolls her eyes again .
tr	O	I scowl at him , but he 's right .
tr	I	I have to follow my heart , but in my head I know that 's wrong , Bailey .
tr	O	When he finished , however , she lifted her head , and he was startled to see the molten fury in her eyes .
tr	O	She could feel every inch he had touched , and when she checked his gaze , it registered that he had noticed as well .
tr	O	Jenn threw a towel at her , and Devon caught it , feeling shocked .
tr	O	Their ghastly presence chilled him to the bone , and he drew his shabby lab coat about himself .
tr	I	Once he 'd started , nothing could have stopped him , but he 'd never intended the kiss to become that intense .
tr	I	He wants me to commit , and I can 't even think ?
tr	I	There just isn 't that much room for anything else , and getting homework done takes up an awful lot of space in my head .
tr	O	It will , but it doesn 't right now .
tr	I	The sun was falling full on its stony face , and no trees grew on it .
tr	O	I had never had my makeup done professionally before and when I looked in the mirror I barely recognized myself .
tr	I	He pulled away , and he knew when to stop .
tr	I	The members who 'd died in the chaos earlier had already been replaced , and fifteen cities were now represented .
tr	O	With this I get promoted another rank , maybe two , and then we will see .
tr	O	A different kind of shivers ran down my spine , and I felt goose bumps all over my skin .
tr	O	Fila combed the Internet for tips on staging so many meals at once and Autumn filled her in on everything she knew about cooking for a crowd .
tr	I	Our eyes met and I looked up .
tr	I	They promised to look into it , and I even reported it to corporate .
tr	O	There are so many experiences , which we have for the first time and it is only our nature to be cautious of them .
tr	I	You can 't change it , but you can love me , even with that terrible flaw inside me .
tr	I	His former job required little , if any , public speaking , but his experience in front of a crowd was a huge plus .
tr	I	His treaty with me held him to me , yet he wanted no part of the coming battles .
tr	I	The door to the bar faster than I had expected and he strode toward me , putting himself quickly between me .
tr	O	You play at being so nonchalant , but you care what people think too .
tr	I	He had missed it and that ship had long sailed .
tr	O	The price of gas has soared to thirty-four cents a gallon , and a new Chevy now costs almost three thousand dollars .
tr	O	The phone on her desk rang , and she debated how to answer .
tr	O	I 'm safe , and I 'm happy .
tr	I	He was already at the field , but Jack 's game at Wrigley didn 't start until seven thirty .
tr	O	Professor Metis 's hazy face swam before me , and I had to blink several times before she came into focus .
tr	O	I followed the voice a few graves over , and there she was , red hair blowing wild .
tr	I	My heart plummets like a stone , and her blue eyes study me coldly .
tr	O	Nothing haunted those gold eyes , but something was there .
tr	O	I didn 't know , and for that reason , I didn 't turn around .
tr	I	Then he blinked , but I thought he 'd died .
tr	I	The bloody knife tumbles into the snow and Viktor clutches his hands over the wound .
tr	I	She was watching Marcus play with my hair with an amused grin on her face and I chanced a glance over at Amanda .
tr	I	Helen drove them to Sammy 's and the two laughed .
tr	O	Zoe looked at the food and suddenly , she was starving .
tr	O	Their supplies problem was far from settled , but it was the best they could do then .
tr	O	He withdrew from her before the mating need took over and he wouldn 't be able to control his actions .
tr	I	They latched on to hers as if she was his last hope , and they still looked as sad as the eyes of a motherless pup .
tr	O	He looked at me again fixedly , and then that dazed expression overtook him .
tr	I	I was beginning to worry about hitting a dead end , and I didn 't know where I would lead them to .
tr	O	Color fills her cheeks , and I think it again : that Johanna Reyes might still be beautiful .
tr	O	A shattering feeling of hopelessness nearly choked Carol , and she struggled to meet his gaze without flinching .
tr	O	Silence followed her words , and even Dustin looked surprised .
tr	O	She wasn 't up to an argument today , and he seemed even more defensive than usual .
tr	I	In all likelihood , I can get there tomorrow , but I have a family emergency .
tr	I	He was at peace with that outcome , and he may die doing it .
tr	I	Randall , Howard J. was in its proper place , but Picasso was not to be found .
tr	O	His muscles shiver beneath his shiny coat and I can almost feel him relax afterward .
tr	I	He had to stop them from falling in love and he knew he didn 't have much time before Rob would get there .
tr	I	Those facts had to narrow down the pool of suspects , but sure , she ticked people off with her hard-nosed tactics .
tr	I	I winked back , and she winked when I stepped up to the desk .
tr	I	He failed and he knew .
tr	O	He recalled now that Clint had said it wasn 't his and at that moment Chewy 's curiosity was piqued .
tr	O	Kevin gave Missy a boost and up she went .
tr	I	His face lights up , but Grady rolls his eyes .
tr	I	She feels nothing , but her hands brush along her arms , up to her shoulders .
tr	O	They can stay with us as long as they 'd like , but I expect most will want to get back to their lives .
tr	I	He needs it anyway and after all it is a small gift .
tr	O	He 's been on her ass all night , and it 's pissing me off .
tr	O	The sound of his voice brought Julie back , and she felt her cheeks redden slightly .
tr	O	They 've chased the guards back , but they won 't stay there forever .
tr	I	I was relieved to see her looking more like herself and she had scrubbed off most of the makeup .
tr	O	Kim always seemed better equipped to take charge , but now she was the one crying even as she tried to free her friend .
tr	I	His head is resting on my shoulder and I turn his little body so that we are chest to chest .
tr	O	My troubles were still lurking in the back of my head somewhere , but I 'd turned down the volume as best I could .
tr	I	The two remaining warlocks had raised powerful shields , but he still gripped the pistol in his hand .
tr	I	I can 't and I just want to get away .
tr	I	He turned right , and a road sign pointing to the freeway came up at the next light .
tr	O	I 've never been interested in that sort of thing myself , but you can hear the construction noises all night .
tr	O	If I 'm lucky , the boy is right and I can pay at the end of my stay .
tr	I	This guy was a clown 's clown , but the Heritage Party might have been a party of clowns .
tr	I	They escape into a whirlwind and the ceiling opens .
tr	I	I want to know what 's going on , and he sounds like he 's upset .
tr	I	Her wireless modem plugged in and she had her laptop out .
tr	O	Jasmine dragged him to the end of the hall , and they stood under a window .
tr	O	Alejo 's chest began to constrict , and he tried in vain to be rational .
tr	O	They shook hands again , and my mother came out to wave goodbye .
tr	I	Several silvery drops spattered to the ground , and there was a thin , painful wail .
tr	O	She moaned too , and he stroked a lock of blonde hair back from her face .
tr	O	Her body went into meltdown and she couldn 't think clearly .
tr	I	Then Agent Harris left the Oval Office , and the President shook his hand .
tr	I	They stayed few meters away from but the two girls followed them .
tr	O	I 'm willing to give you Dr. Gallo 's head , but I 'm not going to voluntarily incriminate myself any further .
tr	O	Sure , everybody called it house arrest , but he knew they 'd found ways around their punishment .
tr	O	At least I had a room to myself , and I enjoyed the little solitude I could get .
tr	I	I look down just as he reaches to click ignore , and James 's phone vibrates in the center console .
tr	I	The only sounds she heard were the normal sounds of the night , but each time Sarah 's ears would strain to hear anything .
tr	O	You 're an incredible girl , and you really deserve this more than anyone .
tr	I	She nearly doubled over in pain , and Sarah felt the blow as a physical attack .
tr	O	Edgar shot Locke a dark look , but he ignored it as he stared down the hall with a smirk on his face .
tr	O	I was a grown-up today , and there was no reason for Akira not to touch me now .
tr	I	Both hands are gripping the wheel tightly and while driving , his eyes are constantly scanning ahead .
tr	O	They disappeared around thirty five years ago , but The Guardians never did .
tr	I	The instrument was of no importance , but she might enjoy the act physically .
tr	O	I know it 's April , but I don 't know exactly what day it is .
tr	I	Her comment just makes me feel more self-conscious , but Holly catches my nervous look .
tr	O	The effect was the same , and when we finally broke apart , I was panting again .
tr	I	Juliet was the sarcastic moody one , and I 'd been a half-full kind of girl freshman year .
tr	I	I repeated the tracking spell sending sparkling dirt to point the way and we came to a few more paths along the way .
tr	O	Nothing showed on his face , not a flicker in the ice of his eyes , but she knew he was laughing at her .
tr	O	The noise around her was muffled due to the strange cage she was in , but the Fairies around her were talking excitedly .
tr	O	She had never lied to her parents before , but she needed a good fib now .
tr	O	Before he could speak again , she ran him through the heart , and he dropped without a sound .
tr	O	They are implacable , and even gods die at their hands in the end .
tr	I	He didn 't think he liked them , but he didn 't know these new gods .
tr	O	The sun had set a long time ago but the police car parked out front kept vigil .
tr	O	Sophia 's presence here was more than an inconvenience , and it was only a matter of time before she was out on her own .
tr	I	Tara remembered laughing until her sides hurt , and the wine had flowed .
tr	O	I know it will be hard but I need you to be strong .
tr	O	I played the few seconds of audio many times , but Susan was not buying it .
tr	O	I would have hugged him , but he was eating .
tr	I	He left something for me , but I didn 't see him .
tr	O	* * * Luna needed the rest , but after a short nap , she was also ready to leave .
tr	I	They 're sick or sluggish like they didn 't get any sleep ?
tr	I	The Queen ignored me altogether , and Ian made a half-hearted attempt to copy me .
tr	I	There was no way for her to leave and the post was on lockdown .
tr	O	A tear fell down his cheek and he looked down .
tr	O	A foul stench permeated the air , and again he sent the wind crashing through the cavern to air it out .
tr	O	Her carpet was the color of sand and she liked the way it felt on her bare feet .
tr	I	Monti is forced to back away from the house because the heat is so intense and the house is completely engulfed in flames now .
tr	I	She knew that the Lord accepted that and she did the best she could .
tr	O	He wouldn 't win , but he wasn 't a coward .
tr	O	My mother hugs me again , and I wince at the pressure on my aching arm .
tr	O	Lately the days seemed endless and the nights were even longer .
tr	I	I miss her terribly and it 's been seven days .
tr	I	She smelled like lavender , and her makeup was flawless .
tr	I	She 's not inviolable anywhere , but I thought the sheer volume of witnesses would keep her safe .
tr	O	I refused to be less than a Warlord Prince , and I made them deal with me on my terms .
tr	O	She loved me ... and I loved her .
tr	I	Moments later the boarding ramp pulled back to the terminal , and they finished just as the main cabin door closed .
tr	O	My father is dead , and I think Hannah had something to do with it .
tr	I	He said she was feeling bad , and I asked Bo .
tr	O	His shoulders slumped and he sighed .
tr	I	I held my breath the entire time he chewed , and I waited for him to take his first bite .
tr	I	He could find no enemy , but her anxiety had put him on battle alert .
tr	I	He was lost , and then she smiled , holding out her arms in welcome .
tr	I	Camaro offered his polite applause and the curtain drew .
tr	I	My skin crawled at her appraising gaze , and Danvers tapped her fingers on the desk .
tr	I	A chill passed through her , and Emma stood on her tiptoes .
tr	I	No sound comes out , but Amy 's mouth drops open .
tr	O	I take a step forward , in the direction of the movement , and I see yet another flicker , this one farther to the right .
tr	O	My face flames red , but I can 't move .
tr	O	They might be among the youngest warriors in the rath , but they 're two of the fiercest .
tr	I	At least he should be able to find some shade and if he could get over the wall , he should be quite safe inside .
tr	O	The reporter called for her , but she couldn 't turn back .
tr	I	Margaret knew he was amused , and the clerk 's eyes twinkled .
tr	O	We both struck the ground , but I landed on my feet .
tr	I	He was dead , and she loved him .
tr	I	I need it , and I still have some stuff I left in my room at Harry 's place .
tr	I	Her words had started coming faster and her voice had risen half an octave .
tr	I	I couldn 't see them from where we were standing , but the others were there , too .
tr	O	Chapter 5 My hands were shaking and I was trembling head to heels as I slid down the wall of my cubicle .
tr	I	If he does , I think we should be there for him , and maybe he wants to make his life better .
tr	O	I don 't know if March would feel the same , but he 's not like us .
tr	O	I touched Doyle 's arm , and his skin was cool to the touch .
tr	I	Of course she was wearing mega bucks in jewelry , and her hair was so cute .
tr	I	I can 't believe how much I 've missed girl time and the tequila helps loosen me up .
tr	O	There was a small silence and she pulled back to look at him .
tr	O	He looked around the field , but I was nowhere in sight .
tr	I	I left Preston in the kitchen as I stepped into Cage 's room and we stepped inside .
tr	O	All I could lose was time and I didn 't care about that .
tr	I	I do , but I don 't know why I trust him enough to answer him .
tr	O	I thought she 'd nailed it on the head , but Clement shook his head .
tr	I	We 'd stay there , unless we took a chance and we 'd been on the back foot for so long .
tr	O	I probably knew when I left , but I went anyway .
tr	I	They exchanged pleasantries and he grabbed Herman 's outstretched hand .
tr	I	The sounds of the battle grew louder , and Henry hesitated .
tr	I	She was a sturdy woman , and she felt petite beside him .
tr	I	His eyebrows pulled down in concentration and his eyes narrowed .
tr	I	I have a cement jaw , but my mouth wants to move .
tr	O	His body shaking lessens , and I wonder if this is all he needs to make it better .
tr	I	Mark wished me luck , and we said our good-byes .
tr	I	I didn 't know how to relate to other kids , but my parents loved me .
tr	O	She could hardly believe Max saying such a romantic thing to her but she glowed with pleasure at the lovely fantasy that she lit up his home .
tr	O	He held her gaze , but he , d stopped speaking .
tr	O	A shout in the distance suddenly went up and several horses started galloping towards them .
tr	O	He rang her flat but there was no reply .
tr	O	He laughed and the vibration felt good .
tr	O	He closed his eyes and that didn 't help .
tr	I	I breathe in the vanilla scent of her hair and she relaxes her head against my chest .
tr	O	CHAPTER FIVE Next day Pierce flew out to Texas and it was another four days before Celine saw him again .
tr	O	Brittany helped me to my feet and we came closer to have a look for ourselves .
tr	O	She opened her mouth to answer , but he smacked himself on the forehead .
tr	O	Yesterday , they 'd been dull and she knew he 'd been in a great amount of pain .
tr	I	The results astonished us , and we drew some blood .
tr	I	The tightly packed men were spreading out and the other soldiers were losing their discipline .
tr	O	Danny 's in his Challenger to the side of us and he throttles up his engine .
tr	O	His wicked smile grew , but he didn 't respond .
tr	I	His grip was relentless but she tried to wrestle free .
tr	O	They glanced back at me , but this time I wasn 't cowed by their eyes .
tr	I	I 'm on top and now the skeleton 's underneath .
tr	I	She refused to look up at him , but Graeme touched her arm .
tr	O	Before he left for work , Brad kissed me with extra fervor , and I took comfort in what he told me so effectively without words .
tr	I	I can 't shut off my basic instinct , but I don 't like where my thoughts are heading .
tr	I	Her mind had raced on to new questions anyway , but his confirmation only deepened her guilt .
tr	I	There were tears in her eyes and she was breathing fast .
tr	O	Some of them were leaving , and he needed to redistribute responsibilities .
tr	I	You are very much alive , but I am dead , sweetheart .
tr	O	They have troops on the ground and they could have snapped you up .
tr	O	We will keep calling , but none of this bodes well .
tr	I	She pulled me in close and my mom held on to my dad to stay warm .
tr	I	I 'd passed that way many times over the years , and it was just on the northern edge of the Vale .
tr	O	The glasses came off and his hungry gaze locked on hers .
tr	I	Then she was gone , and she shot me one brief , worried glance .
tr	O	Hawk noted belatedly that Sawyer was waiting for an answer , and even Colin looked intent .
tr	I	Then I thought of you , but I wasn 't strong enough to move on .
tr	O	You have given me so much and I want to ask for more .
tr	O	The boards began to give , and Anna found herself helping with the hooked end of the hammer .
tr	I	She 'd panicked , afraid of being late and they 'd had to detour around a traffic accident .
tr	O	She needed to give Nathan his soul and she desperately wanted to be his forever .
tr	O	He was just happy in general , and he wasn 't putting a shirt on anytime soon .
tr	O	I try to reason with him and he attacks me .
tr	I	It 's her own fault she was so indiscreet , and she can afford it , for all her fussing .
tr	I	They would 've found me , but yeah , I could 've run a hundred times over .
tr	I	It was easy to see that she was conflicted and her shoulders sagged .
tr	I	It paid the bills , but I was never rich .
tr	I	Most welcome , certainly , as is your lad ... and you are a large one .
tr	O	Just stay where you are , and I 'll come get you .
tr	I	Will recognized the concern on his face , and her husband , Jack Griffin , stood attentively by her side .
tr	O	She looked up and I winked .
tr	O	Nora 's beauty finally caught his fancy and he shifted his eyes to her head with its black flowing hair .
tr	O	Michael smiled at her , and she took his hand .
tr	O	It 's like last night never happened , but I wonder if it 's an act .
tr	O	The song sounded familiar , but I couldn 't put my finger on it even as she put hers on me .
tr	I	Suspicion darkened his steady , obsidian gaze , but Brock shook his head .
tr	I	You 're poor and I 'm rich .
tr	O	The guard was always there -- or rather , he had always been there before , because he certainly wasn 't now .
tr	I	That was weeks ago and I haven 't heard from him since .
tr	I	The act of accelerating them is revolutionary , but these are no revolutionary ideas , Kane .
tr	O	Give it a few more days and we can return .
tr	I	The controlled silence was even more disquieting , but Brazen expected an angry outburst at least .
tr	I	Maybe it was best that I hadn 't , but I hadn 't even given a thought to what I was to bring home to father .
tr	O	Elana looked at the beautiful ring and a tear slipped from her lashes .
tr	I	He seemed okay , but he was still by the staircase .
tr	I	He seemed trustworthy , but he pissed her off .
tr	O	It felt sterile and she found that to be the worst thing of all .
tr	O	Your worlds are not destroyed , but they have still seen great , great devastation .
tr	I	He hadn 't even denied it , and he was the culprit .
tr	O	They didn 't go to sleep just yet , but they wanted to spend some time for themselves .
tr	I	Light streamed in through the gap , and he wiped away a large flake of dried blood .
tr	I	Maybe it 'll be a Stetson laced with a red bandanna , or maybe it 'll be a vintage cloche dripping with faux peonies .
tr	I	Kaz just shook his head , looking distracted by something , but I chuckled .
tr	I	The shack was miles away from a cell phone tower but this was definitely an emergency .
tr	I	I jumped , startled by her arrival and Gee asked .
tr	I	Their reuse allows further time regression and they are currently limited in number .
tr	I	They should email the documents to you , and I 'm going to fax the contract to your agency .
tr	I	Then , after a few bars , he sang it , and he started to hum a song .
tr	I	I clung to Adonis , and my words were thick .
tr	O	The air left his body in a hiss and she smiled , running her tongue along her teeth .
tr	O	I turned my head away but his lips still pressed against my neck .
tr	I	I was hopeful , but I didn 't know what I 'd find .
tr	I	Jason put his face against mine , and we snuggled together for a moment .
tr	O	The camping has been mostly free and we 're cooking simple stuff over the camp stove at night .
tr	O	They were staying in to watch movies tonight but she still wanted to look good for him .
tr	I	If Persephone was telling the truth , I 'd get it eventually , and it wasn 't their fault I couldn 't control my visions .
tr	I	You have to get there early but he lets me bus tables for cash under the table .
tr	O	I couldn 't believe my eyes , but it was true .
tr	I	He 'll never accept you , but he may love your family .
tr	I	I almost choked , and the man nodded .
tr	O	She stretched , yawned , and her feet came up against the door .
tr	I	Everybody wanted to leave the shrine at once and people panicked .
tr	I	Even though Harriet suspected she was being inquisitive to the point of rude , she approached them , and their conversation soon confirmed it .
tr	O	The blood drained from my face and I took a step back .
tr	O	Her long black hair hung straight down her back , and her sun-kissed olive skin glowed in the bright light of the restaurant .
tr	O	Then the air stopped for a moment , and a second blast came upward from the floor .
tr	I	When we connected , her radiant face confirmed it , and I had a good idea what this was about .
tr	O	I look at Adam as I lower my hands and again the bubbling gurgling disappears .
tr	O	The couple hadn 't had children to pass the land down to , and it would have worked out so much better for all of them .
tr	I	The school board hired him to take over the lower grades at the Corinth school , and she wrote him a glowing recommendation .
tr	I	They would even get a room they had already tripped and maybe their luck would hold further .
tr	I	Aiden held on , but I started to push up .
tr	I	She knew he wouldn 't have said it unless he meant it , and he 'd not said it before now .
tr	I	I relaxed visibly and he looked back at me .
tr	O	He said something soothing , but it was merely sound .
tr	O	My eyes had been closed but I had not been asleep .
tr	I	I didn 't want to deplete the guard too much , but I thought about sending guards out to the various country estates used by the family .
tr	O	You know how very proud I am of you , but I wanted to tell you one more time so that you would never forget .
tr	O	The man apologized as we neared his farm , and I hopped off with many cries of thanks .
tr	O	The cold awakened me first thing in the morning , and I could feel the change down in my bones .
tr	O	His palm slapped the edge of the rubber lifeboat and he grabbed hold with his other hand as well .
tr	I	Milos seemed to know exactly where he was going but Allie lost all sense of direction in the moonlight .
tr	O	Things weren 't usually that easy , but he clicked on it anyway .
tr	I	She was suddenly moving , and her eyebrows flew up .
tr	O	He never had much use for me and after my brother died , he began to hate me .
tr	I	I wrapped my legs around his waist and he stood up .
tr	O	She opened wide , and he ran it along the inside of her cheek , peering into her mouth like a dentist .
tr	I	Lea didn 't seem to be the valiant type , but it wasn 't that she didn 't believe Julie .
tr	I	They could just hear an echo and some birds were singing far away .
tr	I	The news wasn 't good and they 'd all brought news .
tr	I	The directions included passing old miner 's huts , which they hadn 't done and most of the roads had no names .
tr	O	His wide eyes rolled back , and perspiration drenched his reddening face .
tr	I	She wouldn 't be surprised if it happened , but she never saw him do that to Ada .
tr	I	There were the magical ropes to contend with , Gar 's magical snare was far less easily unraveled , but the ropes were no match for her .
tr	O	They both stopped near the woods and she simply stared at him blankly .
tr	I	I still can 't get ahead and I work my ass off .
tr	I	When he didn 't find anything , he moved on to the rest of the room , and Kurt searched the desk first .
tr	I	None of his Sydney friends would get a kick out of that kind of joke and he didn 't know anyone in Melbourne .
tr	I	You are going to meet some very important people in my life and we are going to be spending a lot of time together on this trip .
tr	O	In one arm she held a pink dog carrier and in the other an oversized Louis Vuitton tote bag .
tr	I	The rest is up to us , but we go where they send us .
tr	I	Me as possible and when I left for California that final time , my goal had been to put as many miles between Maggie .
tr	I	He was too busy fighting back more oaths at the pain as she gently manipulated his leg , but Ned wanted to argue .
tr	I	The periphery of the shell structure had Houses dedicated to its defense line and the buildings in the palace were called Houses .
tr	O	The thought shocked him , but he knew it to be true .
tr	O	One bedroom was a makeshift office and in the other , another small lamp had been left on .
tr	O	They were dead now and she 'd barely escaped .
tr	I	Saber knew it and there was something wrong with Patsy 's heart .
tr	O	Tony tried to speak , but the words lodged in his throat .
tr	O	Her mind whirled and she tried to read the situation .
tr	I	It was the haunting lyrics that mesmerized me , but the tune was catchy .
tr	I	I lurch at him and rage outweighs the fear .
tr	O	I wanted to bond with her , and I wanted to do it in the light .
tr	O	That conversation had been an hour ago for her , but only a minute had passed for Beth .
tr	I	We knew we could not leave this place anymore and the gate locked behind us .
tr	O	Her h * ps swayed from side to side with every step , and her tits bounced .
tr	O	She was exhausted from all that she had endured , and having to relive it was proving even more daunting .
tr	I	At the same time , he felt a chill , but he found himself smiling as he leaned over them .
tr	I	I 've been in love with Adam Kent for years and I 'm 14 years old .
tr	I	She didn 't know what it was , and something was wrong with Zach .
tr	I	He wouldn 't release me , but I pushed at his hands .
tr	I	Now she couldn 't speak , couldn 't loop time , couldn 't even fly , but she 'd been queen of their little island world .
tr	I	Now she was gone , and she was his only dream .
tr	O	He had never felt particularly close to his uncle , fearing him more than genuinely caring for him , but something else existed now .
tr	I	They too were long forgotten by most , but the gates were still under repair .
tr	O	Bill put his hand to my cheek , but I didn 't lean into it .
tr	I	Clay liked it that way and Liam was a busy guy .
tr	O	She looked at David and he nodded at John .
tr	I	I didn 't think about it , but I noticed he seemed weaker .
tr	O	The grass was comfortable and they were very close .
tr	O	Maryanne hadn 't seen him in days , but then , she rarely did .
tr	I	Only one became apparent in my memories , but I had several dreams .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but Alice had extinguished the orb , so all I could really make out were dark blobs .
tr	I	I did , staring eagerly at him , but I was too excited to even remain in the chair .
tr	I	We 'll help you if we can , and we know what you 're dealing with .
tr	O	He still followed me home but I was too exhausted by my inner turmoil to care .
tr	O	She 'd been different at the party , and it hadn 't only been her appearance .
tr	O	The other coach was running toward the official trying to call timeout , but it was to late .
tr	I	He fell into a foul unconsciousness and that calmed Deckard .
tr	I	He was paying for her services , and she was a professional , after all , with a background in massage therapy .
tr	I	She could barely see out of it and her left eye had started to swell .
tr	I	The hermit seemed to feel his thoughts , but he was unable to heave his heart into his mouth .
tr	O	Jay made great spaghetti , and getting in touch with Frank could be time-consuming .
tr	I	He was right , but I didn 't know what I 'd thought then .
tr	O	Galen asked , and his voice held a tone .
tr	O	I moved to get the abandoned weapon , but Edmond grabbed my arm .
tr	I	His head was spinning and his chest was tight .
tr	I	Till evening it lay golden on the land about them , and the sun had only just turned west when they started .
tr	O	Every year he grumbled about his dignity , and every year he ran in the race for charity .
tr	O	He choked , but she went on .
tr	O	A cloudburst let loose as he reached the car and he switched on the wipers .
tr	I	She simply wasn 't up to the task or apparently Amelia had either forgotten her promise to her mother .
tr	I	She considered hitting cancel and her dinner sank to the pit of her stomach .
tr	O	She kicked again and the dress ripped .
tr	I	I know you felt something , but I acted like a Neanderthal at your apartment the other night .
tr	I	It wasn 't like Gabriel to go sit under a tree , but Kaitlyn was moving blindly toward the trees .
tr	I	It was blissfully warm inside and the car was still running .
tr	O	Detective DeVries told us not to leave till she got here or you returned , though she wasn 't sure you were out .
tr	O	My stomach turned and I focused on my feet , hoping she wouldn 't see my discomfort .
tr	O	It tasted worse than it smelled , but I forced it down .
tr	I	Her final day of school had been Thursday and the students ' last day had been Wednesday .
tr	I	I saw real fear in them , and she raised her eyes to mine .
tr	I	He was about three bars shy of raising his fists , but Brian thought about fighting .
tr	O	Her chair swiveled around , and she pinged Thane with an unwavering stare .
tr	I	It might just as easily been my nerves , but it could have been my armor .
tr	O	Confused , Dex shook his head , but Nana was already moving toward Romy .
tr	O	She had a decision to make , and it had to be made today .
tr	O	Silence met her ears through the phone , and she pursed her lips .
tr	I	It does to me , but you say what happened in the past doesn 't matter .
tr	O	Payton 's fans were also waiting for a KO , but the means were a little different .
tr	I	We walked in silence for a few steps , and when she finished , I did the same .
tr	I	I guess it doesn 't matter , but Dear Journal , I am not sure what day it is .
tr	I	I didn 't want that , and I 'd lose him as a friend .
tr	O	Jennifer had come into the office after only a couple of hours of sleep , but she regretted the decision .
tr	O	They talk about you a lot , and it makes them fight .
tr	I	It makes me crazy , and she has some weird fascination with his twisted life that I don 't understand .
tr	I	I kept my mother 's name because she was worried her side of the family would die out , and Finn is my nickname .
tr	O	Only one of us could face him at any one time , and I was the nearer .
tr	O	She 's just as stunning as I remember her , and I don 't know what they 're talking about with the dress .
tr	I	She looks at me with a question in her eyes and Echo is still chewing on the words when the last request registers .
tr	O	Mother had strong feelings about Mackenzie and he didn 't want to hear them again .
tr	I	His will to resist seemed to collapse , and only this time , the side I wanted won .
tr	I	Slung her purse over her shoulder and she got out of the car .
tr	I	She 's not scared of him , but she 's afraid to spend more than a few seconds looking at Dean .
tr	I	Her outburst was still funny , but the subject is deadly serious .
tr	O	Other figures were in the car , but they were just indistinct blurs .
tr	I	The count was much lower than desired , and we took a few minutes to inventory our ammo .
tr	I	Again , she was shocked , and he let out a quiet moan .
tr	O	The door slammed closed and the bolt slid home .
tr	O	I brought my fingers to my face and they trembled .
tr	I	She reached for the form , making sure he 'd filled it out correctly and Paul set aside the pen .
tr	I	They didn 't even notice , but our teacher gave them a warning look .
tr	O	I kept the MOST important question for last , just one more and I 'll burst my frantic questions like a machine gun at her .
tr	O	The recorder is long since turned off , but I flip through the files until I find the one I need .
tr	I	I 'm willing to concede that impression might be claustrophobia talking , but it seems as though we ascend for at least five minutes .
tr	I	Sensing the urgency in her voice he spread the message to the rest of them , but this caused Saul to become even more baffled .
tr	O	Among the vials around his neck he found the desired solution , and he dampened the cloth .
tr	I	I laughed out loud and my mouth fel open .
tr	O	Blake jerked back as Daemon nearly went over the seat , but I grabbed his sweater .
tr	O	Presley had talked her into taking an over-the-counter pregnancy test before the funeral , and she 'd been slightly disappointed to learn that she wasn 't pregnant .
tr	I	He couldn 't understand why they felt a need to act macho all of a sudden and they 'd never before been hostile , though .
tr	O	The weather became more arid and the sun became hotter .
tr	I	The more Mathews said , the angrier he became , but at first he had just stood there , his mouth hanging open .
tr	O	She opened her mouth but no sound came forth .
tr	I	I was spiraling downward again and Hunter still couldn 't walk .
tr	O	Eva threw the door open , and we bustled inside .
tr	O	I tried to move away , but the crowd had me cornered .
tr	O	He could certainly sense others ' emotions , but with the force of a hundred behind him , he could do more .
tr	I	It sounded sinister , but Kathy could barely follow what he was saying .
tr	I	Del a , unaffected by his ominous presence , gave Kylie a cold nudge to continue walking , but Kylie froze under his intense stare .
tr	O	Ollie grabbed for him , and I saw what was happening .
tr	O	His eyes were a solemn shade of blue , and he kept them down on the floor , perhaps expecting that everyone would be looking at him .
tr	I	She surprised me more often than not by coming home early , but she wasn 't due back until tomorrow morning .
tr	I	I want to know but I 've seen pictures .
tr	O	The few illustrations were beautiful , and only one strange spell was contained within the faded pages .
tr	O	The time passed slowly and the cabin grew hotter .
tr	O	I nod , thank them for considering me , and the meeting is over in a matter of minutes .
tr	I	He teasingly blew one back , and Ali blew him a kiss .
tr	I	She saw a row of words scrawled along the wall , and a hand under her chin directed her to look up .
tr	I	There was nothing to be done , but men came running toward the body .
tr	I	Her eyes seemed to be already looking past us , but I looked toward Jenna , who was still smiling .
tr	I	He shook his head and his eyes seemed to spark to life .
tr	O	He 'd also invited her to the farm , so she 'd have company , but she 'd declined .
tr	I	These odd smiles gave Kane the greatest joys he ever knew , and she did her best to express her appreciation with a smile .
tr	I	We all pulled out our stuff , and Zach parked in a dirt lot .
tr	I	Justin followed him into his living room and Frank opened the door wider .
tr	I	It meant everything and it meant nothing .
tr	I	You can 't honestly believe that two wrongs can make a right , but I 'm sorry that you were deceived in the way you were ?
tr	I	I had an obligation to provide the best possible working environment for my pilots but purists may scream blue murder .
tr	I	It must hurt , but it 's not a big concern .
tr	I	I arrived back at the kill site pulling my homemade two-wheeled game cart , and Round trip took over an hour .
tr	I	He announced that she was his wife and the tribe was scandalized when they returned .
tr	O	You let me do this and I won 't kill you .
tr	I	She knew the pain he could cause if she hesitated and Murdoch kept a strong grip on her arm just above the elbow .
tr	O	I glared at him , and he looked down mortified .
tr	I	I must insist that you leave at once , and I am the matron here , young man !
tr	O	She tried to glare but Jake could see the glow of warmth in her eyes when she looked at Archer .
tr	O	I stilled because the sensation was new , and he drew back slightly to look down .
tr	O	We tasted blood and we wanted more .
tr	O	I tried to grab her hand but she had already buzzed the door .
tr	O	Her green eyes had pierced through to my soul and she didn 't have one hair out of place .
tr	I	Gareth lacked the energy to argue with her today , and they were at a stalemate .
tr	I	When her words were met with only a heavy silence , she turned to see that Peter had paused before the statue , and Emma asked .
tr	O	The large man certainly had the strength for it and there was something about Leo that hinted at it .
tr	O	I stepped back again , and it resumed its original position .
tr	I	Many times broke the concentration of the musicians ' spells and the explosions of Aros 's firearms added to the confusion .
tr	O	I looked up at Evan , and he shook his head .
tr	I	Grandma reads him messages from hers , but my grandpa doesn 't have an email account .
tr	O	No one got through to this office without an appointment and usually those appointments were booked months in advance .
tr	I	Mandy 's instincts now played a crucial role , too , but thus , more frequent trips were needed .
tr	I	She 'd will herself to obey and she was a stubborn person .
tr	O	He touched her , smoothing the backs of his fingers down the side of her breast in a gentle caress , and Tamara sucked in a breath .
tr	I	She would be at the center of it , and she knew the halls were going to be buzzing with rumors the next day .
tr	I	Now Trevor had popped back into her mind , and talking about Kristy was choking her up enough .
tr	I	I 'm glad of it and she let me hold her .
tr	O	Thomas heard Bastien curse on the phone , but he was already moving the phone back to the door .
tr	O	Heavy feet filled the hallway , and the obsidian scalded my skin .
tr	I	My throat has gone tight , but he 's expecting a retort back .
tr	I	He didn 't want to , but he knew he had to .
tr	O	I make it four blocks before I realize it 's cold outside and my toes , not well-protected in flip-flops , feel like ice cubes .
tr	I	She used a crooked tree branch to support her weight and this witch was bent over .
tr	O	It 's off and this thing can fire .
tr	O	she tried to ask him casually , but it came out in a low whisper .
tr	O	The village emerged into view and Cian sped up his horse .
tr	O	We 'll walk along the whitest shoreline and the water is a crystal clear blue .
tr	I	I smiled , liking the effect I had on her and a little shiver jerked her body .
tr	O	I loved Victoria , but I 'm beginning to fall for Kayla .
tr	O	The sky to the southwest was dark blue , almost black , and the low clouds were bearing down on us .
tr	O	She felt bad for nearly playing a heartbreaker role in his life , but she ultimately knew that it was all for the better .
tr	I	He sighed as he was left alone , and the door to the apartment pounded shut .
tr	I	When he pulled it from the bag , he handed it to her smiling , but she started to turn up her nose .
tr	I	They tried , but they didn 't succeed , of course .
tr	I	I dared hope that the only thing she 'd heard was Duncan 's hasty photosynthesis excuse , and Emma didn 't so much as glance my way .
tr	O	The shadows back in the wooded valleys were a kind of misty blue , and the sun sparkled on the waves .
tr	O	I was fifteen , and he was twenty-one .
tr	I	Her emotions were too raw and he was too exhausted .
tr	I	There are enough weapons here for a small army , but she didn 't tell me everything .
tr	I	She decided to stay with her husband , but he tried to convince her to leave him .
tr	I	I don 't want to use you , but I just want to forget .
tr	O	Alex smiled at him again , and Cale thought that she really had a very nice smile .
tr	I	The park has taken on a decidedly creepy vibe , and the sun has fully set now .
tr	I	I didn 't need to hear him say it , and I was very aware of what we weren 't .
tr	O	Sarah 's parents are in Ghana and she has a brother in Maryland .
tr	I	They had to compensate , and they were at a lower speed than if they were reentering from actual space .
tr	I	It didn 't , but I waited for the soothing cold caress of death to come .
tr	I	The doors keep my enemies out , and the sun can 't touch me .
tr	I	Sabrina lifted a shoulder in response , and Isaac looked from Marie to Sabrina in confusion .
tr	I	Neither of them knew anything about the lock , but the study door was solid oak , plenty strong .
tr	O	Angus had let go of me , and I hoped he stayed in human form .
tr	O	My mom went looking for him right after he left , but she came back telling me she couldn 't find him .
tr	O	What he did was wrong , but violence is not always the answer .
tr	O	Maya tried averting her eyes from the humans trapped in the tanks on the walls , but it was too terrible to ignore .
tr	I	She made us promise not to tell ours either , and she didn 't tell her friends what Ben did .
tr	O	My heart bottomed out and I felt sick .
tr	I	Our conversation lulled as I approached my door , and scarlet heat consumed my face with each step up the stairs .
tr	I	He smiled at me , and my breathing sped up .
tr	O	Life just progressed and everyone lost themselves ?
tr	O	She was moving her arms forward as if to call him , but it seemed to her to be speaking to a deaf man .
tr	O	This was hardly the position I expected myself to be in and I reflected deeply on my own state of misery .
tr	I	Lydia paused , wondering and her little laugh didn 't get a response .
tr	O	My bed is made with the same purple comforter and there 's a plate with a half-eaten cookie on it , which is growing mold .
tr	O	I appreciate the thought , but I feel ridiculous .
tr	O	Those were the words that Pate didn 't say , but they still seemed to hand in the air .
tr	I	He did not see , holding his head in his hands , but at the gate , the procession passed Beorn like a wake .
tr	I	We 'd be clearly visible from the air but there were rocks where we could cross over .
tr	O	The timeless universe was filled with unending death and they were the eternal reapers of that universe .
tr	O	He 'd suspected the mate bond had been growing for months now , but he hadn 't let himself acknowledge it .
tr	I	I admired the buildings , and the taxi driver stopped at the light at one of the boulevards .
tr	I	She hadn 't ruled him out as a suspect quite yet , but she didn 't have any evidence that he 'd hurt Sutton .
tr	O	Quinn 's eyes flowed with tears , and those tears flowed with a dozen different emotions .
tr	O	She could see how Nicolas could be intimidating to most people , but she knew him fairly well now .
tr	I	Old habits die hard , but I have largely forgotten my mother 's faith .
tr	I	While Ireland struck my sister 's fancy , for me , it was Scotland , and I wanted to study in Europe too .
tr	I	I get the impression that that 's because he can 't , but he doesn 't say anything .
tr	I	That was fine with him , and the need to feed prevented speaking .
tr	I	I thought maybe he would give up , and he didn 't come back the rest of the week .
tr	O	She gasped at the swiftness of his motions , but she didn 't bolt away .
tr	I	Tiredness pulled at her , and her steps were slow .
tr	I	She was able to relax again and he left the conference room .
tr	O	The humans of the pen were now in full flight , and the great masses of them poured out in a panic .
tr	I	Now it wrenched at the thought that she must leave his world now , possibly never to see him again , and her heart had betrayed her .
tr	I	We both watch the drinks waiter make his way back to the bar and she nods .
tr	I	She didn 't make a sound but Carrie 's hand tightened on his belt loop .
tr	O	Officer Fields was the only witness to the incident and he was too afraid to report the details to his superiors .
tr	I	He was let go from his stunt job two days ago , and he 's not staying where he told the girlfriend he was .
tr	O	I wasn 't in the mood , but this was supposed to be fun .
tr	I	Now it was a waiting game , and they had given Lia fresh clothes to change into .
tr	O	Ed shouted , but he was drowned out .
tr	I	Already Trevor 's body had started to become a distant memory and she had only been here a week .
tr	I	There 's a subtle pigmentation on her skin from some kind of long-lasting skin dye , and she 's probably wearing contact lenses .
tr	I	She would go back to Seattle and in a few hours Rush would return to his ship .
tr	O	I should stop by my locker , but I am not parting from this .
tr	O	I threw my bag in the limo , and Denny drove me to pick it up .
tr	I	Her humming had escalated to moans , and the girl was now flinging her wild hair from side to side .
tr	I	I let out a small squeak in pain and he let my foot fall .
tr	I	He says no and I ask him if he 's French .
tr	O	He settled for scowling , but it hardly felt punishment enough .
tr	I	It was the wrong kind , but Fruit was inside .
tr	O	He was on his knees , but trying to stand back up .
tr	O	I couldn 't outrun them , and there was nowhere to hide .
tr	I	A Steinway baby grand stood gleaming beneath one window , and paintings of desert flowers hung on the walls .
tr	I	That is a very sadly misplaced lie , and because ruling them implies that we are greater than them .
tr	I	He has that annoying smirk on his face and he is the one playing the master stroke .
tr	O	Zoe was in a bad mood when she got back from parking practice , and I prayed she hadn 't hit something .
tr	O	Mitch still looked ready to punch him , but Rand eyed him with a new respect .
tr	O	She shifted in his arms , and Guy realized he was gripping her uncomfortably .
tr	O	I left you but I won 't do it again .
tr	O	There was a shift in the air now , and the discomfort that always seemed to snap between them had ebbed into something lethally serious .
tr	O	Her hands covered her mouth and she turned to her father .
tr	O	It would tear her up and she knew Eugenia would be devastated .
tr	O	The inspector looked at the stew and his stomach turned upside down .
tr	I	They had decided to take a wild gamble on scaring Gabrielle into going public about the affair , and the White House was desperate .
tr	O	My mind felt numb around the edges , but I pushed forward , tripping over my tongue .
tr	I	I had left things , even if they 'd ostensibly been friendly and I didn 't like the way he .
tr	O	I yelled at her , but she didn 't turn around .
tr	O	She might not want to be stuck in their shadows , but they were stil her best friends .
tr	O	The effect of their brief contact had his leggings tight , and his position on the back of his horse was uncomfortable .
tr	I	He appeared surprised when I failed to be effected but he tried to overpower me , looming over me .
tr	I	I had killed her , and Snow White was dead .
tr	I	Phoebe refused , but it was a kind offer .
tr	I	He watched her until she was safely inside before driving off and they hugged goodbye .
tr	O	I stood behind him , and Champ did , too .
tr	I	This time he was seriously pissed off , but he doesn 't get mad very often .
tr	O	Will had never fainted before , but now he lurched to the right , as though he were being pitched upon the sea .
tr	I	It 's so perfect and Dante kisses my hair .
tr	I	He falls asleep and I rub his head until his breathing slows .
tr	I	She was no longer their little girl , but her parents would recognize her .
tr	I	I don 't know what they mean , but people talk about the pain of grief .
tr	I	The wall of minions blocked my way , but I tried to step back .
tr	O	Her cheeks were flushed and she had dark brown hair .
tr	I	Then no one could see her either , but there were so many leaves that she couldn 't see much .
tr	I	Wayne pulled the door shut behind them and they stepped back out into the sunshine .
tr	I	I knew the moment he died , but I left before they killed him .
tr	I	It takes the boats nearly three days to get there , and it is nearly two hundred miles down river to Montreal .
tr	O	I just needed ten minutes alone with Tallis , and I couldn 't seem to catch a break .
tr	I	The tear broke apart the pack 's printed mountain scenery to show corrugated cardboard , and the pack 's handle was ripped .
tr	O	Tyson leans forward and I close my eyes .
tr	O	Nothing mattered but taking the life under her claws .
tr	O	The faint leer in her voice makes her meaning plain enough , as well as her assumptions on what sort of relationship Beast and I have .
tr	O	She stiffened , and he could feel the worry pouring off her already .
tr	I	The cards were already on the table of life and the seats were taken .
tr	I	The first job was to feed the cows , and McBride went out of the house with Andrei .
tr	I	When he opened his eyes everything was a funny shade of green , and the impact knocked the wind out of him .
tr	I	Sarah struggled to regain her balance , and the hand on her shoulder was instantly released .
tr	I	Her horse slowed to a stop , a few feet away from the cliff edge , and she pulled hard on the reins .
tr	I	Payton blocked with the left arm , but the opponent attempted to attack with a right hook .
tr	O	It was almost rush hour and several Transit buses were lined up outside the terminal .
tr	I	I didn 't look up , but he leaned forward , trying to catch my eye .
tr	O	His eyes were glassy , and his expression vague , like he was surfacing from a deep , deep sleep .
tr	I	I gagged at his foul breath , and he sprayed the last word across my face .
tr	O	I 'll make it , and they 'll help me .
tr	O	Her mouth remained open but no words came out .
tr	I	Then she lost her sanity as he ran his hands through her hair , and she lost her espadrilles .
tr	I	I see it moving in slow motion , but it comes back to me in high speeds .
tr	I	It passed quickly but he looked almost normal for a moment .
tr	I	Once she had it all brushed out , it shined in the light , and it was dark , the color of chestnuts .
tr	O	No one had seen the clerk since , and it was impossible to confirm his story .
tr	O	He 'd been walking since he was eight months old , and he wasn 't going to start being pushed around now .
tr	O	The phone next to her bed was ringing , and a glance at the clock told her it was three a.m. .
tr	I	I had a few other things on my mind , but something in his voice didn 't bring me comfort .
tr	I	If Violet could find a buyer , they could all do well out of it and this old house could be worth something .
tr	I	My heart stopped and I gazed to my right .
tr	O	He was on his feet in seconds and I ducked his attempt at a punch .
tr	O	He stood up and I stood with him .
tr	O	Sure , she 'd liked Mike 's father , but he was still a hermit of sorts .
tr	I	Either way he was dead , but it might have been aiming for his heart .
tr	O	Her stage was Chicago , and she was the star .
tr	I	Of course there was no problem and to tell him she was kidding .
tr	I	The Marines hurried outside and the shuttle landed smoothly .
tr	O	My bag was full , but I knew its weight .
tr	O	He turned slowly and his eyes were wide when he finally realized it was me .
tr	O	The noises were booming in her ears from all around and she wasn 't sure which sounds belong to which person .
tr	O	The rain had stopped sometime in the night , but huge clouds still loomed over them .
tr	I	Ropes stretched and cables creaked .
tr	I	I couldn 't touch her , and I would be leaving soon .
tr	O	I watched as his dark hair danced in the breeze and he reached the microphone waiting in the center of the stage .
tr	I	Circulated among the same people she did and he was the brother of one of her best friends .
tr	O	Humans never knew the place existed , and they barely received visitors , unless they were of magical origin .
tr	O	For a second they stood looking at each other , and then there was a step on the stair .
tr	I	He stuck to his guns with grim determination , but she might not have if Darius had wavered .
tr	O	The conversation swirled around her , but she didn 't join in .
tr	O	She placed a few quarters in the old jukebox and soon an erratic beat was echoing from the walls .
tr	O	My eyes flicked down , but Oliver had quit screaming .
tr	I	He may think twice if she is married , and vampires are likely to be old-fashioned .
tr	O	He just waltzes back into your life after dropping off the face of the earth and you accept him .
tr	I	It began again and there was a momentary pause .
tr	O	I will be heading to the ridge soon , and I guess there is no reason to return .
tr	O	My face crumpled a little , but I did not look away .
tr	O	He activated the communications console , and the explorers stilled to listen .
tr	O	I won 't go into details but we all had reasons for not wanting Mum to know what we 'd been up to .
tr	I	She pulled back , and he reached for it .
tr	O	Mandi 's face grew redder and she was instantly hot , not knowing how to handle the situation .
tr	O	His eyes hardened and he turned away .
tr	O	The iced tea was good , too , and mine was unsweetened , just the way I liked it .
tr	O	It was strange , but as she got into the story , Astrid found it easier to tell .
tr	O	I didn 't get a pass with Ketchup , and neither will Zander .
tr	O	She 'd just be murdered and he would escape without being caught .
tr	I	Then he left , and we exchanged a few more pleasantries .
tr	O	Children raced each other across manicured lawns and a couple of elderly guests sat on a padded iron bench beneath a gorgeous cluster of aspen trees .
tr	I	I always will and I always have .
tr	I	I rolled onto my side , situating my hands beneath the pillow and I was exhausted from lying awake all night .
tr	I	He had to choose his battles here , but his coffee just might be worth fighting for .
tr	O	I scan the room for where I left my knife when I notice the nightstand is empty and my heart stops .
tr	I	He lounged beside me , and I made a humming noise that meant I didn 't care .
tr	O	They are out there and they will be stopped .
tr	I	Her shoulder is dislocated and her pelvis is fractured .
tr	O	He had said he wanted to see her while her parents were in England but he 'd never said he wanted to meet her parents .
tr	I	I wanted him to say something , but I shouldn 't have been surprised .
tr	I	Spencer giggled , and Ian spoke .
tr	O	The tree I was on didn 't go much higher up than I currently was , and I knew I needed to get higher .
tr	I	She felt embarrassed the whole time so she didn 't say much and she said it was really awkward .
tr	I	She moved wantonly against his cock , and her legs tightened around his waist .
tr	I	He didn 't want to get Becky in trouble , and he thought he knew what had happened .
tr	O	Terri asked how she liked the house , and Pippa brightened up .
tr	O	He had a blue paper cap on his head , and in his bed was a latex glove blown up into a 5 fingered balloon .
tr	I	Even he wasn 't cruel enough to hurt her when she was injured , but he 'd wanted to punish her for what she 'd done .
tr	I	She was giving me money , and she was working hard , getting no salary .
tr	I	There was nothing he could do , and the mud was even more slippery .
tr	I	The creatures themselves looked so harmless , but certainly the uniforms were very intimidating .
tr	I	That would take him down a path he wasn 't certain he wanted to go , but he wanted to just tell her .
tr	I	The little ball of stress that was starting to form in my chest loosened and Aspen laughed .
tr	O	Glenda 's daughter was young but she had a free spirit .
tr	I	You did , but I didn 't .
tr	I	I jerked slightly and beside me , one of the guards touched my elbow .
tr	I	He would have known or he must be new .
tr	O	Our eyes meet , and he swallows slowly .
tr	I	It was a crime not to heed a royal summons , but for a second I didn 't want to answer him .
tr	O	He shook his head , and his eyes went shut .
tr	I	She could hardly move for compliments , and Henrietta had men all around her .
tr	O	The issue was settled beyond doubt when Ian directed the driver left at the harbour , and I saw the McDonalds restaurant to our right .
tr	O	The drug might have confused her momentarily , but she could do whatever she had to do .
tr	I	She hadn 't lead him to believe otherwise , and she just wasn 't interested in anything other than an informal interview .
tr	O	I felt my feet slip as the high wire became too much for me , and I was gone .
tr	I	It sure as hell made me feel better , but wishing him death wasn 't going to give me closure .
tr	I	We both failed , and I met Alistair in battle .
tr	I	Simon 's remark had proved her wrong but she thought she had things under control .
tr	I	The third appeared to have reversed out but the second vehicle had turned round at that point .
tr	I	It makes my chest ache and I don 't know what 's wrong with her .
tr	O	Something stirred in its cloudy surface and an image began to take shape .
tr	O	I didn 't want any help with housework , but I did ask her to do a bit of gardening .
tr	O	Liz had always used a new device without reading the instructions , but he was more cautious .
tr	O	His pride is significant , Kyle , but not all there is to him .
tr	O	A shadow fell over both of them from above , causing Dryden to go quiet and his eyes widen .
tr	O	Reeling , I fell backward , and the Oracle vanished beneath the pile of strange Forgotten .
tr	I	They were running thin , but he 'd dodged going to see her by using multiple excuses .
tr	O	I could see Angus 's hand still burned from the trident , and even Bea noticed as well .
tr	I	They were all naturally straight , and Fisher had clean teeth , to my surprise .
tr	I	He was as good as his word , but I must say I expected a real cat fight to get to this point .
tr	O	Lyle meant it as a joke , but it failed miserably .
tr	O	They could go to the Pointe without fear now , and Daria would be there to talk to .
tr	I	In many parts only the foundations of the grand , ancient buildings remained , but some parts of the city had large chunks of incomplete elvish architecture .
tr	I	I was positive that hate wasn 't for me anymore but Hayes may have hate in his eyes at the moment .
tr	I	It had done enough , but her power was gone .
tr	O	It was a rough form of punishment , but one I deserved .
tr	O	Steven 's mood was changing rapidly , and he was beginning to really enjoy the evening .
tr	O	There was no tag noting a piece of merchandise belonging to the store , and I had bumped in to her -- more likely she dropped it .
tr	I	I watched as she locked her door and my headlights shone brightly onto her home .
tr	I	If they wanted , they could mow us down , but we could 've run back from where we came .
tr	O	I might love being a wolf , but I didn 't want to spend the rest of my life in that shape .
tr	O	Bonnie got to experience eating part of it with Marit , and it was good .
tr	I	Her family killed and that 's how Tracy was almost taken .
tr	O	His jaw worked , but he remained silent .
tr	I	The bellowing was cut short with each slam , and a series of crashing noises filled the passage .
tr	I	I got a glimpse of a smile , as if I 'd said something smart , and she nodded .
tr	O	I know what she means , but I want her to elaborate .
tr	I	Alan nodded but James shook his head .
tr	O	I told him that he didn 't have to do that , that I could help , but he didn 't seem to be listening to me .
tr	I	I really didn 't trust that feeling , and Warmth had traveled up my arm .
tr	O	Ethan had saved me from death , but Carlos had stolen life from Michael Donovan .
tr	I	It 's Mr. Jenkins standing there and we look up from the floor .
tr	I	The vampires around us backed up , widening the open circle in which we stood , and was called by someone in the crowd .
tr	O	I was on a roll , and there was going to be no stopping me .
tr	I	It happened too fast , but she tried to stop what came next .
tr	O	When it doesn 't come off entirely , he growls , and then we 're moving toward the bed .
tr	O	I 've done something right , but I don 't know what .
tr	O	She felt far out of her depth , and all she could do was tread water .
tr	I	He tilted his head slightly , baring his throat , and then his eyes flicked to one side .
tr	I	I believe him now , and he has always said family was his priority .
tr	O	The rasping noise returned to the man 's throat and she snatched her feet out of the way as mucus splashed onto the floor .
tr	O	Dorothea clapped her hands , and the room became silent .
tr	I	It 's bent badly , and it 's your scope .
tr	O	He growled more loudly and the ground beneath us grumbled in agitation .
tr	I	When he spoke his voice was dangerous and Colin regarded him carefully .
tr	O	We took most cases , but sometimes things weren 't nearly as dire as people originally thought .
tr	O	They were still in the damn living room of the suite and Garrett knew that they 'd never make it to the bedroom .
tr	O	His hand closed over mine and it was just a hand .
tr	O	The door opened and a figure stepped in .
tr	I	These were not tiny cuts , and I could have made her bleed out from just a tiny cut .
tr	I	He wasn 't going to like it , and if so , I 'd have to confess this to Pa .
tr	O	We are warriors and most of us vanish before we reach the status of master .
tr	I	The paint is so chipped that it 's hard to tell what color the building is supposed to be , and the stairs creak loudly .
tr	O	The stresses induced by nightmares are much greater than normal dreams and there is usually much less time to deal with the situation .
tr	O	He chose his actions , and that sealed his fate .
tr	O	She didn 't have time to have a family pow-wow , and they were already running late to Charlie 's game .
tr	O	The madness can come at any time , and while you can control it , that doesn 't mean you 'll be able to .
tr	O	Our waitress refills our drinks and I look at Brand .
tr	I	All the blue is gone from her eyes , and she raises her head after that last hit .
tr	I	The King never knew , and indeed I had often seen him look at the King like that .
tr	O	There was an unpleasant heaviness where her stomach had once been , but everywhere else there was a strange , ethereal sense of weightlessness .
tr	I	The children began playing with the dog , and Buddy handed the puppy back to Paul .
tr	I	Else I wouldn 't have considered taking you on a horseback ride with me , or you will be fine .
tr	O	No doubt it was all pleasant enough , but this wasn 't why we were here .
tr	O	She made me happy , and I hoped I was seeing the same in her right then .
tr	I	Once he removed his navy parka , I hung it up , and we walked into the foyer together .
tr	I	She couldn 't do that to her father and that would be breaking her word .
tr	I	At least he believed it , or the man was really dying .
tr	O	He didn 't have my abilities , but he was Zeus .
tr	I	He knew better , but he tried telling himself it was because she still had a job to do for him .
tr	O	* * * Sleep was rather easy to obtain ... but it was hard to keep .
tr	I	The mood seemed right to just start in and there were no questions .
tr	I	It wasn 't the emptiness and it wasn 't the quiet .
tr	O	Brennan has a gig coming up soon , and I 'll be at that , too .
tr	I	He wanted to get back as quickly as possible and there 's only two trains from London tomorrow .
tr	O	John rang off and Danny phoned Raphael .
tr	O	It seemed like a horrible purgatory and he wasn 't the same .
tr	O	The fact that she knew things which had repelled her , spurred him to triumph over that repugnance ; and he believed that he should triumph .
tr	I	Her fangs sprang from her gums , and more pain twisted in her gut .
tr	I	I startled , and Evan asked .
tr	O	The restaurant employees had already heard rumors that Winkler had purchased Victoria 's and there was no lack of service at the table .
tr	O	They knew she 'd made an impact on him , but since he hadn 't said anything about her in months , they 'd laid off .
tr	I	It didn 't speed up , and Time didn 't slow down .
tr	O	I hadn 't ever been run over by a bulldozer , but I got the feeling I understood what it felt like .
tr	O	Rosa had always treated me as her own niece , and I was as concerned as Sara was about her .
tr	O	We have to be careful to be gone before they get a drone close enough to ID us on camera or they get a hovercraft out there .
tr	I	Her hair is flopped over , and her arms are hanging down under the table .
tr	O	I 'm quiet as his uneven footsteps echo through the cavern , and at last it 's silent , save for the crackle of the fire .
tr	O	The thrill of their encounter had been escalating , and he 'd gladly succumbed to that unprecedented rapport , reveled in the overpowering attraction .
tr	I	The hammock hung in its place and the launch would be lowered .
tr	O	His lips come down on mine firmly , and he sucks my bottom lip between his .
tr	I	A servant entered , carrying a tray and there was a knock on the door .
tr	I	It was sometimes frightening and now she was alone .
tr	O	It was the first time I realized the depths of despair that my wife was enduring , and I felt sickened by the argument I 'd started .
tr	I	Cara prayed for strength , and Ella winked at her .
tr	I	He fell asleep , and Exhaustion overcame discomfort .
tr	I	Finally they sold me to the Sky Raiders , and I was traded a couple of times .
tr	I	He squeezed her fingers , and she patted his hand .
tr	I	I can share something I learned with another being but I know it wasn ´ t exactly my idea .
tr	I	Her cheeks filled with air , as though a word was ballooning behind them , and then her eyes bulged .
tr	I	He didn 't mind taking some punishment as long as he enjoyed the fight , and he was competitive .
tr	O	She 's crazy , but she 's got the hoodoo on them .
tr	O	I hit the desk and it crashes beneath me .
tr	O	Surely , Constance would signal me , but she 's across the room , out of nudging range .
tr	I	She followed quietly , and he rounded the keep .
tr	O	She rolls her eyes , but she gets it all the time .
tr	I	He yanked the shifter away from Holly , and his hands locked around Saul 's shoulders .
tr	I	Elaina knew better , but he looked doubtful .
tr	I	I hadn 't forgotten what that felt like yet , and Death was part of being human .
tr	I	I stumbled backward and I hit the solid , yet invisible , force field with a loud crack .
tr	I	Chloe 's eyes swiveled back to Murder , and far away the scream of an engine came to her .
tr	I	Pink Teddy 's , and her only hope .
tr	I	His laughter , too , echoed across the lake , and he laughed then .
tr	O	I didn 't know Yvette 's family well , but I had met her granddaughter a couple times .
tr	O	Then Charles was with me again , and Bill was right on his heels .
tr	I	She blushed madly , nearly diving behind Garrett 's broad shoulders and all eyes went in her direction .
tr	I	It made the hair on our necks stand up , but I don 't know how else to describe it to you .
tr	I	She didn 't know how well they could do outside of it , but it was obvious they had no problem in the bedroom .
tr	I	He got them wet and he then grabbed a few paper towels .
tr	I	I have a few things to ask you and see what 's been going on .
tr	I	You were incredible , and it was awesome !
tr	O	It was still thrilling to see your bird bring down its prey , and it was definitely nice not to have the dogs along today .
tr	I	Something inside of me must 've snapped , but I wasn 't sure what happened .
tr	I	She couldn 't make herself look away and Regret seemed to fill his green eyes .
tr	O	She would be more wary now , harder to strike , and there would be no repetition of his riposte 's success .
tr	O	She screamed , unable to help herself , and her cry was swallowed in the dampness .
tr	O	It 's really faint , but I hear it anyway .
tr	O	The band wasn 't out onstage yet , but I knew he was close .
tr	I	The light in my eyes was gone , and the corners of my mouth hung lazily .
tr	O	It didn 't look like a toy but little boys had no use for guns .
tr	O	She could never go back , but she wanted to go forward .
tr	I	Her voice was arctic and Dee looked at me .
tr	I	Pearl closed her eyes enjoyed the moment and the touch of his lips on hers was electric .
tr	I	I couldn 't care , but I leap , swinging , hands ripping on the harsh bark .
tr	O	A smile of pleasure slid across the duke 's lips , and he leaned toward her as he lowered his gaze to her bosom .
tr	I	Alki was beginning to creep above the horizon and Rega was much higher in the sky now .
tr	O	It was a plain , fair fight to the death , and that was something he couldn 't control .
tr	O	We struggled over control of the gun and I watched Jules run for the bat .
tr	O	One of the guns goes off with a bang and a set of beakers shatters around me .
tr	I	She shivered , walking faster to get her body warm and her legs were cold .
tr	I	I only own a few DVDs , and I don 't go out much .
tr	O	There are amazing adventures in store for you , and you will accomplish things far beyond your imagination .
tr	I	He called the home number he found on her file but he hated to do it .
tr	I	Harlow rolled her eyes and the bedroom door opened .
tr	I	As she looked back at Dane , she had connected with him , and she felt the ground beneath her -- a true connection to it .
tr	I	There was no romance but our lost weekend together was like a trip to another dimension .
tr	O	She had wanted the girl to be working here longer before she put her in the keeper program , but that was before Henry came along .
tr	O	He 'd have to make a run for it and he hoped they weren 't looking when he did .
tr	O	She shook everyone 's hand , including mine , and she gave me a firm grip .
tr	O	Not for me , Min wanted to say , but Papa kept talking .
tr	O	I take him hunting so he can blow off some steam , but he 's not talking about it .
tr	I	His hands are clenched into fists and his shoulders are stiff .
tr	I	The flies had already migrated from the child 's corpse to check out this new taste sensation , and a pool of vomit explained the stink .
tr	I	Now wasn 't the time to bring up her other problems , and the conversation hadn 't gone as smoothly as he 'd hoped .
tr	I	Vincent could see the genuine concern in his eyes , but he slouched , his body language one of nonchalance .
tr	O	At the wicket gate a sentry came forward to open it , and he bent to go through .
tr	O	Holiday tightened her brows and her eyes widened .
tr	O	The man kicked my knees , and I buckled to the floor .
tr	I	He really needed to think , and there wasn 't much time .
tr	I	When she came back , she showed us all her fantastic photographs and my aunt Cecilia had visited Scotland years ago .
tr	I	Her arms stole around his waist and she sagged against him in relief .
tr	I	She was thankful to him and Kelly had a feeling he wanted to keep her talking to calm her nerves .
tr	O	He nipped at the back of her neck , and she closed her eyes .
tr	O	Elliot was thinking of their son and she 'd been thinking about sex .
tr	I	She kept pulling me , but I shook my head .
tr	I	By the looks of it , Leo had been too late , but Leo had sent him with me to save him from Ursula .
tr	O	A nervous triumph rose inside of her , but she swallowed it down , hoping that he couldn 't see it .
tr	O	It was a little harsh , but it was an accurate assessment .
tr	O	Nobody could stop them anymore and they run straight to the middle point where they laid the statue of Saint Peter on the ground .
tr	O	His hands kept her pinned in place , but Ainsley didn 't want to go anywhere .
tr	O	My hands balled into fists and I marched up to Vincent .
tr	I	I was glad he was prepared , even if it bothered me a little bit but I wasn 't sure what I thought about that .
tr	O	He had to be suspicious or she would have dismissed him as she did nearly everyone else .
tr	O	My heart softened at how torn he was by the whole matter and I nodded .
tr	O	It was her life , and she was supposed to be living it right now .
tr	O	Such a morbid thought during labor but it 's what happened to Rachel .
tr	I	For the first time in eight months , I fall into a peaceful sleep and I shut my eyes .
tr	O	I tried to shake my hand loose , but it was attached to hers like glue .
tr	I	She wondered what he was thinking , and his eyes were watching her .
tr	I	I felt just awful that he was right and he had warned me that this would happen .
tr	O	I knew how dangerous things were , but when you grow up with Protection , I think you get careless .
tr	I	Her pupils expanded to almost obliterate her green irises and her breath caught .
tr	I	I didn 't want to be tempted now , when I felt weak , and I had stopped .
tr	I	My mind had just gone off into space , but I knew I should say ... something .
tr	O	We could see where your grandfather lay and evidence of someone kneeling beside him .
tr	O	His heavy erection sprang free , and he bit out a curse when her hands shot forward for it .
tr	O	Diana looked at him , and he hesitated .
tr	O	I didn 't recognize the number , but I answered it anyway .
tr	O	I tried lightly kicking his foot , but he still didn 't wake up .
tr	O	Many goods were in short supply but they had enough food at least .
tr	O	I 'm so mad I 'm shaking , and I can 't keep the quiver of anger from my voice .
tr	I	That didn 't change the fact of what I 'd almost done , but true , he might 've deserved it .
tr	O	Hot tears filled my eyes , but I refused to let them fall .
tr	O	He might be going down , but he 'd take as many of these cruel officials with him as he could .
tr	O	The little lobby smelled of chlorine disinfectant , and it was silent .
tr	I	He did not respond , but Raphael 's eyes narrowed .
tr	I	Suddenly I could breathe again , and immediately I smiled in relief .
tr	O	* * * Dagmar dodged Fal 's busy hands once again and cut through the crowd in the Great Hall .
tr	O	I 'm sacrificing peripheral vision , but it 's better than letting the video cameras get a clear shot of my face .
tr	O	As Ricky surveyed the area a familiar odor beckoned his subconscious and he noticed the empty doghouse at the back of the yard .
tr	O	You were starting to look gray in there and I could barely see your real face .
tr	I	No more than he would have upon entering any new environment , she decided , but he was showing some interest now .
tr	O	Lucas climbed in last , and they were on their way to the airport .
tr	I	It was not dark , but it was the same place as before .
tr	I	Then he meets me in the room , and Realm stopped to wash his face .
tr	I	Being alone in the coach , they kissed , and it was impossible to resist the attraction any longer .
tr	O	Keeley felt disloyal but in this she agreed with the laird .
tr	O	The winds had died down , but the air was still tense .
tr	O	Starbucks is doubtful , but there 's no dissuading the boy .
tr	O	I used to have ten , but the company reorganized .
tr	I	There was a moment of silence and the captain let the trigger loose .
tr	I	It was just rubbed a little right there and it 's like the horizon was a pencil line .
tr	O	Here I was savoring the feel of her and she was poking me .
tr	I	I thought I made myself clear and I know this is coming from you .
tr	O	I start to speak , but he cuts me off .
tr	O	I sat up , but that was as far as I made it .
tr	I	I occupied myself with clearing out the dishwasher , and Savannah , I thought , was surely on the way home .
tr	I	I still know the answer , but that question is more complicated .
tr	I	It moved begrudgingly to let him pass and he lightly tapped the nearest leather jacket .
tr	I	I barely kick my shoes off before jumping in the water and he screams from the water just before his head goes under .
tr	I	Her legs started to shake and Sweat slid down her temples .
tr	O	We 'll get my power back and I 'll rule as was intended .
tr	O	They 'd burned through the coffee table in two hours , and now the Victorian was plunging back into the deep freeze .
tr	I	That didn 't scare her as much as it should have , but Chaos was the sickness of this world .
tr	I	She had to shoo them from the room repeatedly , and her children , who were young , were rambunctious .
tr	I	The Ambassador had a funny feeling that he may not be , but at least , their best information was that he was dead .
tr	I	Nothing else showed up , but Sheridan had left the DVD running after the third sighting of Tiger 's truck .
tr	I	Once again his eyes focused briefly on her mouth , but he punctuated his reply by stepping back .
tr	O	He 's bedded you , and now you think him your love .
tr	O	You started it , you were the one who walked out , I thought , but I kept it to myself .
tr	O	Circumstances led you to make decisions that led you here , but you wonder to yourself ; how did I get here ?
tr	O	The atmosphere is all wrong and it 's too damn cold !
tr	I	You don 't even know me and you risked your life to save me .
tr	I	He just laughed once more , but I raised my eyebrows , displeased that everyone knew my name .
tr	I	Lizzie followed , and the ghost began to walk down the hallway .
tr	I	Her long , thick hair was tied back and her make-up was flawless .
tr	O	His new life waited with the dawn and he was eager to get started .
tr	O	It 's been seven years since we moved here , and we 've bought another house since then .
tr	I	It now came in handy , and someone had gone to the trouble of fitting the engine with an auxiliary panel .
tr	I	They 're nowhere to be found , but I look under the bed , in the closet , near the dresser .
tr	I	The door was closed and the head was withdrawn .
tr	O	All it took was a simple nudge in his direction , and after the first date they 'd become inseparable .
tr	O	I smile at her and she dips her head .
tr	I	That ended with a bullet in the back of their head , but people have tried in the past to get into them .
tr	O	~ Three long years passed , and the land fell under darkness .
tr	I	Her dark eyes flashed and his reminder seemed to have the desired effect , for her cheeks flushed even more .
tr	I	I welcomed it , but I was shocked .
tr	O	By now he was quite familiar with Thorin too , and he knew what be was driving at .
tr	O	The translucent tube suddenly went gray and he could tell they were outside the fortress .
tr	I	I 'm becoming more convinced he may be right , and Danu was certain it was going to be needed .
tr	O	There was nothing Peggy liked more than to outfit a pretty lady - and Brielle was certainly that .
tr	O	Savannah had almost fainted from the shock , but Quentin had hinted that this wasn 't the first time .
tr	I	I wouldn 't mind and he could really do that for hours .
tr	O	I knew you were special , but this is beyond any dreams I 'd dared consider .
tr	O	We need to talk and I can 't do it from out here .
tr	O	The stone was ice-cold against her bare feet and the wind was bitter .
tr	I	He wanted to test their weight in his hands and her curves had grown .
tr	I	Frugality became second nature in her quest for travel , but it wasn 't like the things were even expensive .
tr	O	Her old writing desk was in the wrong corner , and someone had added a skylight to the ceiling .
tr	O	She immediately remembered she was at Edward 's house , but she couldn 't imagine what was causing the noise .
tr	I	She has one weakness , but her treachery runs deep .
tr	I	He knew he had been right and now this guy was explaining it .
tr	I	His aim was off , but Salvatore yelled , continuing to shoot .
tr	I	She couldn 't see much , but Abigail nodded .
tr	O	Her jaw dropped , and her eyes widened .
tr	O	Woods 's shirt was still on and I wished it wasn 't .
tr	I	Our parents know each other and our neighborhood is a pretty close neighborhood .
tr	I	Now there was more , but that frisson of attraction was still there .
tr	I	Seeing me would only hurt them more and I 'd never be able to move on .
tr	I	My wide receiver isn 't where he 's supposed to be , but the field 's wide open .
tr	I	His friends as it was he 'd kill Jane and it was just as likely he 'd kill himself .
tr	I	He noticed she wasn 't really his type after all and Ellen hadn 't yet made a move to cover up .
tr	I	The step was somehow familiar , but I couldn 't put a name to my knowledge .
tr	O	Maddy told us not to say a word , but surely it cannot be a secret now .
tr	I	It was thin , bald , robed in dark iron , and it was tall , at least seven feet .
tr	I	They had and he 'd waited for them to resurface .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop thinking about it that night and it stuck in my head .
tr	O	There was a low growl coming from Phillip and I got the impression he wasn 't happy with George asking Trudy questions .
tr	O	We had a crisis today and he 's still freaked out .
tr	I	The two women were probably out for a morning stroll and Celia must have stayed over .
tr	O	It will weaken you , but I am not taking your life .
tr	O	They were more honey colored than the last time I saw her , but there was still a hint of crimson near the fringe of the iris .
tr	I	Every person 's a mirror Revealing what you yourself have done , And for every person 's a flower Petals gently glowing in the sun .
tr	O	We have only had computers for several decades and yet they seem so normal to young children who take to them without question .
tr	O	It took about 15 minutes to print out the pages but the result was exactly what they needed .
tr	O	You know what you 're doing and we 'll always be there for you .
tr	I	I don 't know how to stop them , and tears prick at the backs of my lashes .
tr	O	My legs had decided that my body wasn 't worth supporting any longer and I fell , hitting my head on the floor .
tr	O	He turned into the short drive at the side of her house , parking behind the door of her garage and he shut off the engine .
tr	O	Maybe there was a chance Kimber and I could be friends again .
tr	O	Hunger beat at them and the scent of blood was heavy in the air .
tr	O	It smelled wonderful and I was starving .
tr	O	I don 't have time to deal with this now , but I will .
tr	I	Needing to be near , but she leaned close , afraid to touch him .
tr	I	They were all huge ships of the line , but I counted only four ships .
tr	I	Sometimes it rippled with amusement and sometimes the voice was calm .
tr	I	I moved toward the path , and Liam loosened his hold .
tr	O	They didn 't necessarily want to , but they were smart enough not to interrupt .
tr	O	A wave of sensation struck and she felt the pull as if he were suckling on her bare skin .
tr	I	I always try to form that initial attachment - just to be on the safe side , but it might not really make any difference .
tr	I	She would not back down from this , but she wanted to move away from the wrath that blasted from him .
tr	O	He is shaping up quite nicely , and we are all very proud of him .
tr	O	Her thoughts turned to Josh , and a vision of him appeared as if in a dream .
tr	I	Jace held it behind his back , and the rope shrank to its smallest form .
tr	I	She sat up straighter and heads swiveled in her direction .
tr	I	That was only because his lantern gave off a low red light , and in fact she could no longer see much at all except for Nicko .
tr	I	You also have no rights but you don 't have responsibility .
tr	O	Arne threw a bag at her and managing not to embarrass herself Sarah caught it deftly .
tr	I	They didn 't care for it one bit and it was like inviting the wolf to dine with the flock .
tr	O	He 'd seen his mother on a few occasions but he didn 't understand why she didn 't come home more often .
tr	O	It could be months before we go to trial , and I can 't see him even in the courtroom as the proceedings will be closed .
tr	I	I knew her , and she knew me .
tr	O	I could feel the ocean current pulling me to the East and I decided to follow it .
tr	O	It was only about half foot long and a quarter foot wide .
tr	I	If it gets too hard I 'll just come back , but I can 't remember any from last time !
tr	O	She 'd sweated right through her blouse and her pale features were flushed with anger .
tr	O	He hated the fact that she was hurting and it was because of him .
tr	I	Her eyes still held a smile , but Chloe stuck her tongue out at him .
tr	O	She was getting far too used to having him around and the realization pissed her off to no end .
tr	I	She sticks herself out there so we can keep track of him , but she knows he can find her , maybe even get to her .
tr	I	She didn 't listen -- but he 'd buried his face in her hair , pleading for her forgiveness .
tr	O	David took one of the chairs near the desk , and I sat next to him .
tr	I	She felt much better but she woke up with night already showing through the windows .
tr	I	His head had to move downward to fully experience hers , and her head had to tilt back to completely make out his face .
tr	O	He doesn 't take his hand away , but his fingers stop their gentle , rhythmic stroking .
tr	O	Henry 's eyes find mine , and he doesn 't look away .
tr	I	I 've never seen him since and I moved out the following week .
tr	O	It sometimes took all day for her to get him back in good spirits and she always left worried about the next time he would relapse .
tr	O	Her contraction subsided and the death grip she had on my hand finally released .
tr	I	Remembering his antics , I shook it out quickly , but Kiran 's perfect face passed through my mind .
tr	O	His gaze skims the stage floor suggestively and I catch a flicker of disapproval in them .
tr	O	I looked back and he smiled oddly .
tr	I	The ' what ifs ' were astounding , and the whole world was an unknown now .
tr	O	It started out as fast and heavy then dropped to a regular pace before slowing dramatically as he dozed off .
tr	I	In reality , she had walked out on Reid , but she had thought then that she had a boyfriend .
tr	I	All three Pipers were like that , but the plane vibrated like it would shake to pieces .
tr	I	It was the first day of summer vacation , and I can 't remember air ever smelling better , not even when I was a kid .
tr	I	Suddenly he 'd gone from Oprah to preacher , and Bill said .
tr	O	The sound of Mac 's beard rubbing against his shirt came again , but eventually he said .
tr	I	She started to get nervous and his voice was darker now .
tr	O	My daughters live at home , but my son 's moved into his own apartment .
tr	I	We remain seated , but people slowly file by us to exit the auditorium .
tr	O	She 'd made the difficult decision to remain where she was for now , but she was miserable without Maverick .
tr	O	She watched his pony step knowingly in the deepening shadows of the trail back to the house and she was grateful for the animal 's steady temperament .
tr	O	He realized that his fingernails had dug deep impressions into his sweaty palms and his mouth felt as though it was filled with paper towels .
tr	O	Seth did not know it for sure , but Brother Follett was one of the rebellious church members he was talking about .
tr	I	They didn 't radiate an abundance of good will but none of them were staring directly at us .
tr	O	Bradley was about to reprimand him , but he noticed that Megan was about to speak .
tr	O	I live pretty far out in the country , and you have to want to be at my house to find the way .
tr	O	He recalled touching her like this last night but it was nothing , nothing compared to this .
tr	O	You simply wiggle a flashlight beam around on the floor , and Buttercup tries to catch it .
tr	O	The side door opened and Sally emerged .
tr	I	I wanted her near me , yet I didn 't want complications .
tr	O	He spoke of Zimmerman 's long history , and how the marriage to Decatur Heath assured that history would continue well into the future .
tr	I	He 'd hated it , and that 's how they 'd been with him .
tr	I	It is only for treating the symptoms but this style of treatment is practically an artificial pancreas .
tr	O	She was concerned about her sister 's illness , worried by the fact that Rylan was in danger and there was no way to warn him .
tr	I	His eyes fairly sparkled and his lips quivered .
tr	I	There was nothing there , and I looked at it .
tr	O	I know the Bugs have the technology , but the commander reacts as if I have suggested something vaguely obscene .
tr	O	We pulled into a stall and I killed the engine .
tr	O	My feet hit the ground , and I was relieved when I hit dark soil instead of dust .
tr	O	I knew it , yet I didn 't hang up .
tr	I	The action 's started , and it 's nearly seven .
tr	I	I knew it wasn 't near morning yet , but I was groggy .
tr	I	His eyes held an answering kindle as he read her look , and Desire built up within her as a tangible force .
tr	I	Damien finally got a hold onto the other wolf 's neck but Julia shrieked as they tumbled into a bush .
tr	O	She could easily take the information from the doctor 's mind , but she wanted Blythe to participate actively in freeing herself .
tr	I	Vetter opened it , and there was a polite knock at the door .
tr	I	I 'd never been on a date , but I 'd had a boyfriend when I was fourteen .
tr	I	In any case Cohen had seen him many times before , but he wasn 't a god who was hard to recognise .
tr	I	Cain stopped him , but he reached into his pocket to pull out some cash .
tr	I	I thought a couple of the friends might have been female , but it was hard to tell under all the layers of clothing .
tr	O	She kicked his shin , and he didn 't even so much as flinch .
tr	O	They probably expected him to run , but he was done being a coward .
tr	I	Although I could not see him , you could hear him and Rob was clearly bored too .
tr	I	They fell silent again and he waved his meaty fist .
tr	I	Her navy blazer had been ironed to perfection , and her hair was combed perfectly off her face .
tr	I	It is not in the cards for the evening but a nice wind will help .
tr	O	Linda had kicked up a lot of dust , and Josie needed someone to help her clear it .
tr	O	These visits are always taxing on my time and there 's only so much of me to go around .
tr	I	I looked away and she chewed on her bottom lip .
tr	O	I stared at her knowing that was a shitty thing to say , but I didn 't care .
tr	I	Study was never a one-way thing , and Death was fascinated by humans .
tr	I	It 's the last comment - about spilling in the car - that gets to me most , but it 's crazy .
tr	I	Gone from his mind and gone from his house .
tr	O	The tension was palpable between them , and instinct told me it ran deeper than the fact they were enemies .
tr	O	He just got sick and after awhile he died .
tr	I	Getting back up is treacherous , but I have been all the way to the cave floor .
tr	I	It quits when it knows it 's beat , but it sets up a powerful protest right off .
tr	O	He lowered it slowly , and cool air hit her skin .
tr	I	Janet had asked her to deliver posters to the businesses around town and Grace Sherman displayed a large notice in the library .
tr	I	It was clear to Mariposa that Hailey understood the joke the first time , and Hailey did laugh then .
tr	I	I think I believe him , but I know this is crazy .
tr	O	Beth helped sign me up with a dating service , and these are the guys I 've met through it .
tr	O	Sidney laughed and I heard Betty muttering at him in the background .
tr	I	She was shopping and he said she 's five miles out .
tr	I	He hadn 't held me , but he 'd hugged me since I 'd been back .
tr	I	I remember that that 's all thanks to Gage , and she seems happy enough now that she 's safe .
tr	I	She felt his gaze on her as powerfully as she would have a touch and he looked at her .
tr	O	Earl walked up behind him , and Zane pointed down .
tr	I	I 'm going to find out who and someone must 've built it .
tr	O	His voice had a childish lilt to it , but he was trying hard to sound like the man he wanted to become .
tr	I	After all , it was time to eat , and he was not offended .
tr	O	I was hurt , hungry , thirsty , and man did I smell like a pig .
tr	I	She reacted , but if he hadn 't been touching her in that instant he might have missed it .
tr	O	I laid my hands flat against the wall , and he grasped my h * ps roughly .
tr	I	All he could do was mumble incoherently , but Bradford tried to make a joke .
tr	O	She tried to kiss him , but he deftly pulled away from her .
tr	O	We danced for hours , with Zena drinking most of the wine , but we both had loads of fun .
tr	O	I would 've lied if I could have thought of any plausible excuse , but I couldn 't .
tr	I	That didn 't help Big Spring much but the sun was going down .
tr	O	Some might call them clutter , but she respected them because they had meaning to the man she loved .
tr	O	It did little good , and she soon gave up .
tr	I	He touched his lips to mine and his head came up .
tr	O	He hated to believe it , but he also couldn 't afford to ignore the possibility that one of his companions was a traitor .
tr	I	Henry was leaving school to walk towards the Chicago entrance to the Milky Way Terminal , and it was the end of the day .
tr	O	He abruptly fell into the ocean but she knew she hadn 't succeeded in releasing him .
tr	O	My spoon clattered against the bowl and I pushed away from the counter .
tr	I	I moved closer , and she nodded without looking at me .
tr	O	The man was playing some kind of sick game with his wife and I was caught in the middle .
tr	O	Julian is about to protest , but Brandi urges him out of the bathroom .
tr	I	A chance for me to command , but it is a poor affair .
tr	I	I hear the guy next to me suppress a laugh , but he tilts his head like he 's trying to apologize .
tr	O	My dorm was on the second floor of the building , and I had to use my ID to let myself in .
tr	O	It was silly and I knew it .
tr	I	I 'd like to start on these first and I 've brought the new worksheets from town .
tr	I	For a moment he blinked at them , seeing only silhouettes , and they were backlit by the light of the Institute .
tr	I	I braced and he raised the tea towel .
tr	O	He stares at me while I move around , but I know he is not really watching me .
tr	I	Luke 's face falls and my heart sinks to my stomach .
tr	I	He grabs my thighs before forcefully picking me up , slamming me against the wall as he backs us up and his eyes come back into focus .
tr	I	You 're coming home with us and we check out in the morning .
tr	O	She was holding a smallish baby girl in her arms and there was another one at her feet that looked similar .
tr	I	I stared at him in disappointment and he climbed out of the bed .
tr	I	She refused to run away , either but she wasn 't prepared to handle him .
tr	O	I knew that Derek would give his life for me , but I 'd never wanted him to until that very moment .
tr	O	The elevator dings and the doors open .
tr	O	I 'll look for another seat and if none is available , I 'll go home .
tr	I	Neither of them would know that , but which was more than a slight fabrication of the truth .
tr	O	Battle was necessary , but cleaning it up was just as crucial .
tr	O	Her presence had been fleeting but it had left me unsettled .
tr	I	I didn 't want to cry , but my vision blurred .
tr	O	I really don 't know what prompted my uncle to help us , but perhaps it was because he was a good man at heart .
tr	I	Blake did the same and he put away his flashlight .
tr	O	They don 't share their schedules with me , and it isn 't my place to ask .
tr	O	He was not as drunk as she was , and it was obvious he heard her , too .
tr	O	There was something about my headaches that I had come to trust , as if they were warning me , and I stopped .
tr	I	He wobbled , nearly falling and confusion flitted over the man 's weathered face .
tr	I	He helped keep the business going when dad died and he 's good at what he does .
tr	O	Allie tried to pull free , but she was too weak now .
tr	O	She grinned , and her dark eyes twinkled with excitement .
tr	O	She threw the milkshake to the floor and her plate soon followed .
tr	O	He blew again , and the long sustained note sailed toward the moon with a plaintive call .
tr	O	I am tempted but I have to consider that she won 't like to hear it right now .
tr	I	I could barely form words through my quivering lips and when our lips parted , I was trembling .
tr	O	Then his eyes would follow an entirely different girl 's ass across the food court , and I would punch him playfully for being a hypocrite .
tr	O	Not sure I 'm going to , but I have the rest of my life to make that choice .
tr	I	You will go to your room without dinner or sit up straight .
tr	O	It buckled and he went down .
tr	I	Alas , we have no word of his whereabouts since these many days past , but all of his effects remain carefully stored in his rooms .
tr	O	The tide is good and there 's no wind .
tr	I	It is no lie at all , or Serena either believes her own lie .
tr	I	Her wrap had slid to bare her cut arm , and her long skirts were tangled among their four legs .
tr	O	I wanted to comfort him , but I didn 't know how .
tr	O	It will be hard work to settle a new land , but otherwise the plan won 't have to change that much .
tr	I	The subject line read Paris and I clicked open the email .
tr	I	Thirty-seven of the bawling , nerve wracking horrors went beyond reason , but he could tolerate teaching one brat at a time .
tr	I	The things he 'd done there hadn 't been exactly conventional , and he 'd visited Mrs. Palmer in this house for many years .
tr	I	Her heart was full again , but Jack was lost .
tr	O	In his gaze she saw the realization , the hurt , but there was nothing that she could do to ease it .
tr	I	I caught my breath , and that fledgling smile bloomed on her face .
tr	I	She clutched his arm , but Jessup started to move away .
tr	O	I wasn 't quite sure what was so funny , but I 'd soon find out .
tr	I	Eli remembered that its rumor of existence was always in the news and the portal was concealed behind a heavy velvet curtain .
tr	O	he asked me , and I loved him for it .
tr	O	Graphic designers were a dime a dozen , and competition was fierce .
tr	I	Shadows fell around her , helping to make it more difficult to see her clearly and fortunately the sun was setting .
tr	O	A guttural sound escaped from him and he separated our bodies .
tr	I	Maybe he could still pull this off , but it wasn 't much .
tr	I	Both of Tim 's parents died on impact , but the driver of the truck wasn 't hurt .
tr	I	She still hasn 't come to and it has been a couple of minutes .
tr	O	It is wrong and you know it .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to settle for anything less , not even from him and his father would never allow him to marry her .
tr	I	I know he sees me , and I see Bobby every day .
tr	O	One second he was calm , like he was going to hand it back , but Trystan saw the tell .
tr	O	The sun shines dimly on my left-hand side - and a second sun shines weakly to my right !
tr	I	The three that remained went on to practice phase two of their plan , and the prince took his leave .
tr	O	Her comment was only for Ogg and there was therefore no need to actually speak out loud , particularly as she didn 't want to be overheard .
tr	I	I think it has more to do with panic than anything else , but I 'm certainly having difficulty breathing .
tr	O	She still missed him more than ever , and the hurt had not diminished with time .
tr	I	Before the king of thieves can get a good look , he vanishes , but his shabby , thatched clothing appears to have been handmade .
tr	O	A security guard opened the door as we came to a stop , and Emily climbed over me to push by him .
tr	I	Julie liked to travel light , but she knew that Kim would have a different game plan .
tr	O	Zane could still read them , though , and they brought a smile to his face .
tr	O	The path ended abruptly and the sand dunes began .
tr	I	Their lifeless bodies move no more and I felt their energies dissipate quickly .
tr	O	It was senseless , and I really didn 't care .
tr	O	No other words were needed as I helped him strip off his clothes and he took the rest of mine off as well .
tr	O	She was not of royal blood , after all , and the King was always on the lookout for spies .
tr	O	It is as if this is all prearranged , and we are walking into a spider 's web .
tr	I	I felt bile rising in my throat and my stomach did a flip .
tr	O	Jes moved away and I released a breath I hadn 't realized I was holding .
tr	I	It got me thinking about what I was doing , and they gave me an advance copy .
tr	I	The water rises as we go and we wind deeper into the tunnels .
tr	I	She had some explaining to do , and he wasn 't a bad guy , really .
tr	O	Gradually , her neck had healed , but she was still uneasy , fretful .
tr	O	The cleanout crew finished in less time than they had expected and we were able to get into the empty barn right away .
tr	O	He pulled her up , and she was limp in his arms .
tr	I	This time when she spoke it was through gritted teeth and she shook her head again .
tr	O	Being a magician I did have ways around that , but right now I had a better way to cheat .
tr	O	I started to cry again , and my words jumbled a bit .
tr	I	It kicked up sparks that flew into the air and Marty tossed his empty beer can into the flames .
tr	O	I run to the front of the truck , my hand reaching for the knife that was at my waistband , but it comes up empty .
tr	I	None of them wanted to keep me , but they all did , however briefly .
tr	O	Ainsley had placed a nice sum on her husband , but she knew the servants had bet heavily on Bellamy .
tr	O	He tried to hold her again , but she slapped his arms away .
tr	O	My mother 's eyes turn icy and she glares at me .
tr	I	He saw a dark shadow coming up behind her and her body was a silver blur in the moonlight .
tr	O	Gunnar was silent for a moment , but then he hissed through the steam .
tr	I	It doesn 't budge , but Cat pushes against it .
tr	O	Much nodded , and I were surprised that even John nodded without hesitation .
tr	I	I have no recollection of having any living relatives in that place , and I never knew my father .
tr	O	Somewhere in there Nicole made some dinner , and now I became the brunt of the jokes as they laughed about my lobster creation .
tr	O	When I got back you were gone and your mother , Toni , didn 't know where you went .
tr	O	I banged on the door again and footsteps pounded down the stairs .
tr	I	She wraps her arms around my neck like she 's actually happy to see me , and her eyes smile before she does .
tr	O	The dwarf knew many things and he wasn 't saying anything .
tr	O	I knew that couldn 't be the case and yet I longed to peel my shirt off , to eliminate all contact .
tr	O	Then you told me he did that to you , and all I wanted to do was hurt him because he hurt you .
tr	O	Anguish bled from her , but it didn 't lessen .
tr	O	None of the Subjects had brought any children and there would be no pregnancies .
tr	O	There was all the shit with the lawyers and getting ready for Dad 's trial .
tr	I	It 's dangerous to move , yet I have to get out of here .
tr	I	I 've never seen her really sad and I 've never seen her really happy .
tr	I	We 're not in a good section of town , and it 's the middle of the night .
tr	O	It was just a smile , and I appreciated it .
tr	I	He couldn 't blame me for that but I knew he had a bad day .
tr	I	I hate clowns and I 'd look like a clown .
tr	O	I tried my best , and all I could do was to keep myself attuned to pick up any signs of alert .
tr	I	The guardhouse looked deserted and the gate was closed .
tr	I	He doesn 't feel it like I do and he is so far away .
tr	O	It was warm against his palm and she leaned into his touch , smiling sheepishly .
tr	I	The nausea was gone but I was still shaking .
tr	I	He put the gear into drive , and it clicked .
tr	I	He felt the safe after , but when he left , Stephen thought he would somehow inherit that strength .
tr	O	The latest was that Love reckoned a connection with the hospital was the main factor but he had nothing to go on .
tr	O	This must be a monumental morning for her and he wasn 't exactly sure what to say .
tr	O	We could have attempted to flee , but we would never have outrun them .
tr	O	I just turn up , talk , and that 's it .
tr	I	Suddenly he looked devastated , and his facade cracked .
tr	O	Her mouth went dry and the cookie might as well have been made of sawdust .
tr	I	Things boiled out of it and it split open .
tr	I	He stood rather unsteadily and there was a deep drunkenness in his eyes .
tr	O	A loud whistle sounded and everyone turned to Jimmy .
tr	O	Mary smiles widely and her eyes moisten .
tr	I	He handed her a wad of tissues and she plopped back down on the couch .
tr	O	It could be Sean , but somehow I doubted it .
tr	O	I called out to him , but he ignored me .
tr	I	It kind of defeated the whole purpose of us being here , socializing with co-workers , but of course James would be in VIP .
tr	O	It affects nothing , yet it controls everything .
tr	O	Memories are watercolor , ; and a heavy rain can wash them away .
tr	O	The previous meeting with a werewolf had been bad , because I hadn 't known they existed , but now one was in my house !
tr	O	Then his grin faded , and the worried look returned .
tr	I	Uppermost in all of them was Nikki and the world was a kaleidoscope of scents .
tr	I	He had a rather horrible suspicion that he had come by his just desserts , but he wished he could think that he didn 't deserve it .
tr	I	We never could , but for the next few days , we tried to gain control of it by radio .
tr	O	You are stronger than any other in this school but no one needs to know this just yet .
tr	I	You don 't or you either know the answer .
tr	I	I also can 't leave him , but it 's awkward to stand in all my gear .
tr	I	She fought back the urge to laugh and Hysteria built .
tr	O	For the first time I feel like my life is not exactly where it should be , and I 'm embarrassed at the man I 've become .
tr	I	This time it was directed at Gary , and a flash of anger ran through her .
tr	I	They could set off and he 'd be back .
tr	O	He didn 't put his arm around her , but he didn 't seem to mind the contact .
tr	I	Now he was with Jess , and this afternoon he had looked at me like I meant everything to him .
tr	I	It seemed the game would go on for a long time and the players were all skilled .
tr	I	She handed it to him and Wells replied that he did .
tr	O	My neck is sore from today 's wipeout , and I 'm reminded of my exchange with Tanner .
tr	I	Fear started to mix with my irritation , and he was hitting too close to home .
tr	O	Little by little , they broached some of the issues that separated them ; but they did so timidly this time .
tr	I	Harriet knew The Economy of Aberdeen would be well on its way now , and the sea had turned choppy .
tr	I	The door slid closed in front of her and Jenny waved from the top of the stairs .
tr	O	She knew who could help her with the second problem , and it was the one person she most wanted to see .
tr	I	Gabriel winced as his body responded to the movement , and he took a step back .
tr	O	It was the same , the shift in power not altering his circumstances at all , but yet something was different .
tr	I	If I could even find legal documents related to the take-over , it would be a start , but I had no idea what was in it .
tr	O	He needed to tell her how important she was to him and he needed her to accept they were going to stay together forever .
tr	I	A boy 's voice says my name and it creaks open .
tr	O	You killed the first one , and I was counting on that .
tr	I	She gasped at his erection and he pressed up against her .
tr	I	I thought you should see that , but everyone else is inside still eating .
tr	I	I saw a white house with blue shutters in a neighborhood of shady streets , and it stretched forth its hand again .
tr	I	At the moment , she couldn 't bring herself to care , but she knew it was a weakness .
tr	I	In reality you haven 't changed , and it 's almost twenty years since we have known each other .
tr	O	Maybe I 'm not Mair , but I 'll figure this out .
tr	I	They might not be out of the woods yet , and everyone had almost died .
tr	O	He had planned to go straight to bed but that had proved impossible .
tr	O	He had pointed at a spot about ten feet in the air , some distance off to one side , and that was where he ended up .
tr	I	She fought a little before they gave it to her and they took her to an empty room down the hall from Mr. Hallman 's .
tr	O	His eyes widen and I know he sees his sister slipping away .
tr	I	There was little I could do to ease that but the look of betrayal in Abby 's eyes was a knife to the chest .
tr	O	A thin scar split his right eyebrow , and she wondered how he 'd gotten it .
tr	I	I just looked at him and he sat in silence for a moment .
tr	O	Aidan 's eyes flew open , and he gazed wildly around the room before finally taking in Emma .
tr	I	Before I knew it , I was out and I heard her bedroom door close .
tr	I	Its power was more than he hoped , and the engine was louder than Bash expected .
tr	O	The curve on the outer two prongs is deeper , and the center prong is the longest of the trio .
tr	I	I was more than thankful , but I don 't know who 'd called Gavin .
tr	I	She was an animal lover after all and it was a good cause .
tr	O	The warrior put off a lot of heat and it had been toasty warm in the bed .
tr	I	He was enjoying the playful moment too much to rush them , and she didn 't seem in any rush to take things further .
tr	O	They 'd told him that he needed to see the shooting in a larger context , but Diego knew damn well that there was no larger context .
tr	I	I thought about what I had just told him and I heard Sidney place the phone down .
tr	O	He was startled when the mannequin sat up , and he saw that it was the Countess .
tr	O	I am on my first vacation in years , and I am in an exotic location .
tr	O	Karina uncovered a pan of nice , thick banana bread and my mouth began to water .
tr	I	This is friggin ' ridiculous , but you two have it bad for the chick .
tr	O	After a moment he felt moisture on his face , and he started squeezing hard , remembering that the sponge had been soaking wet the morning before .
tr	I	That wasn 't my problem , but I wasn 't so sure .
tr	I	She drops a twenty , and someone bumps into her .
tr	O	Nobody needed to say anything more and they set about getting prepared .
tr	I	I was glad I had it , but it occurred to me a blue blazer was a really bad thing to wear to a Heritage Party rally .
tr	O	We walked inside , and I could hear voices from the kitchen .
tr	I	He bounded off to fetch it and I tossed it into the waves .
tr	I	You 'll also have a little time to study , but you 'll do some unskilled construction work until this thing is built .
tr	O	I would not be with her when she returned home and it broke my heart all over again .
tr	I	Genuinely seemed to mean it , and when they drove up in front of the market , Maggie told her to have a good day .
tr	O	The king looked to his guards , but there was no response .
tr	O	You 're upset , and you need me .
tr	I	She jumped , her limbs still tethered to the table , and Cassidy drew a long breath , then her eyes opened .
tr	O	She tried to shove him toward the door , but he resisted .
tr	O	You may think you 're okay , but you look tapped out to me .
tr	I	I silently thank him and Cole meets my eye .
tr	O	Another thundering roar bellowed out from the heart of the forest , and then there was the sound of collapsing trees .
tr	O	She looked at the portly man slightly shorter than herself , and her face seemed to take on a hint of sadness .
tr	O	Bryce 's nose was slightly crooked and there was a white scar near his chin cleft .
tr	O	I know it 's hard to talk about things , but sometimes we have to do things that scare us .
tr	I	The deeper I 'm buried , the harder it is to breathe , and it 's quite a long dream , considering the list of people .
tr	O	We had a plan , but I found myself restless .
tr	O	She shrugs like it 's no big deal , but I can see that she wants to smile .
tr	I	Then he laughed , and Daemon blinked slowly .
tr	O	Every Age has a few unique stories , and I am delighted to see this Age has one so early .
tr	O	Knots of tension remained in her muscles , and she knew it would be dangerous for Oakes to walk into his old cubby right now .
tr	I	I can feel Cassandra 's hands retreat from my temple and the image fades .
tr	I	I couldn 't even begin to imagine what could 've happened to cause such a reaction from her , but I knew something was horribly wrong .
tr	I	She wasn 't even sure he was breathing and he didn 't move .
tr	O	She gave him a slight smile , but he knew it wasn 't genuine because it never made its way to her eyes .
tr	O	It was so unlike her that I began to tear up as well , and my mom pulled me close .
tr	O	He had quite a bit left over and it was in a container at the bottom of the refrigerator .
tr	I	It was terrifying , and she grinned .
tr	O	Callum started to walk away and I grabbed his hand , turning aside from Micah .
tr	I	I could see no danger in accepting his invitation and he was pointing towards the café over the road .
tr	O	After Derrick wraps it , I put my arm back in the sling and it feels 10 times better .
tr	O	The sheriff were holding Ravenna still , but then her shoulders drew up like she were trying to push him off .
tr	I	Somehow , I smile and I turn back to face him .
tr	O	Hit it twice and it opens .
tr	O	It will take millennia , but they are patient .
tr	I	I deserved to lose everything , and I 'd been a coward .
tr	I	This is close to Roach country , so we post a watch , but inside our cave , the fire should be hidden to anyone on land .
tr	I	The woods around them were silent , and Lorenzo was nowhere to be seen .
tr	O	I don 't remember what those things are called , but I do make a mental note that I somehow remember them .
tr	I	I was struggling to keep up and he was increasing his pace towards the theater .
tr	I	Echo felt no fear from its receding form this time , but the moon had nearly disappeared again .
tr	O	His dark hair was combed off his face , and his blue button-down brought out his eyes .
tr	O	Dean tried not to make his brothers or anyone else suffer because of his frustrations .
tr	I	Our team was big on nicknames , but I wasn 't sure where the nickname came from .
tr	I	There were old , stained-glass windows at the other and a bar was at one end of the room .
tr	O	Mom came back downstairs at the sound of the door and I stopped her .
tr	I	She put her foot down but he 'd tried to carry her .
tr	O	Maybe there were other humans and they couldn 't monitor them all at the same time .
tr	O	A well-dressed officer in plain clothes was addressing us but we hardly heard his voice .
tr	O	I hoped she 'd turn around for one last glance , but she didn 't .
tr	O	The energy was very infectious and Josh was getting into it .
tr	O	I 'd become a true vampire overnight , and that meant that Lucas was - No .
tr	I	Last time I checked I didn 't answer to werewolves , but I sympathized .
tr	I	Her blue eyes were staring into mine , and her long blond hair hung loosely down the middle of her back .
tr	I	The ghosts had disappeared really fast and she said something to Sir Horace .
tr	I	The third was blinking , and two of them were solid .
tr	O	You can 't move back , and you can 't move forward .
tr	O	The eight went down , and the game was over .
tr	O	Cars continued to pass , but she barely registered them .
tr	I	She grabbed her boots on the fly , and he shoved a shirt over her head .
tr	I	He 's still basking in his glow of victory and I look up at him .
tr	O	The thought sounded ridiculous , but it was true .
tr	I	Her eyes grew bright with moisture and she put a hand to her lips .
tr	I	He was going to make sure he knew it and he was not at all pleased with his colleague .
tr	I	He always make a girl feel special , but he was an old man even then .
tr	I	I met her steely gaze and she looked at me steadily for a moment .
tr	I	She needs an ear , and the kid is hurting .
tr	O	There doesn 't seem to be any cure for that , but this should protect you from anything that is really dangerous .
tr	I	She had no notion how to sever it , and a connecting thread had been sewn between them .
tr	O	The windows of his house were broken and the door was half off its hinges .
tr	I	She could see his face in profile , but she couldn 't see the woman Tavi was talking to .
tr	O	She waited for an apology but she got nothing .
tr	O	His nostrils flared and his eyes narrowed .
tr	O	You see a Witch could marry a Titan and together they could have a Medium for a child .
tr	O	I 'll need to explain that I had to leave Japan immediately and any business we need to discuss can be taken care of via conference call .
tr	I	You acted like I was insane and I told you I wouldn 't stop hanging out with Laney because of Ivy !
tr	O	Eden laughed and I shuddered .
tr	O	Then the ensigns took it on themselves to repay the insult , and a few scuffles ensued in dark corners of the ship .
tr	I	Nikki had reminded me again earlier today , and Damien had warned me about the broken gas gauge at least a million times .
tr	O	It wasn 't exactly comfortable , as beds went , but it sure beat being stuffed into an air vent .
tr	O	He laughed again , and I wanted to kick him .
tr	O	I caught his eye , and he looked away embarrassed .
tr	O	I could die now and all would have meaning .
tr	I	I was beginning to get a weird vibe here and he paused a moment .
tr	I	For years , Carly had silently condemned her for it , and she 'd observed her mother doing that kind of compliance .
tr	O	He had a soothing sort of manner , and the gentle tone of voice he used made her feel a little less ... lost .
tr	I	They were all talking about how they knew where he was , how they could go get him , and they tracked him to his lair once .
tr	O	Clothes were on the bed , and the drawers looked rifled through .
tr	I	Her head fell to one side , exposing her neck for their mutual pleasure , and his mouth wandered away from hers , tracing along her jaw .
tr	I	The national coverage of the sleazy situation persuaded him to pull out , but they 'd already agreed to appoint some eminently qualified candidate from the Midlands .
tr	O	The pale man jerked around and his dark eyes met Emelia 's .
tr	I	He found it hard to swallow and Daniel 's throat suddenly went dry .
tr	O	We 've been friends since grade school and our first meeting wasn 't a pleasant one .
tr	O	* * * * Lodge dropped his keys into the pewter goblet on the mantel and stepped over Mitch .
tr	I	She glared at her brother in disapproval , and her normally raspy voice sounded condemning .
tr	O	Hank nodded to me and I thanked him before we drove off toward the house .
tr	O	Tears I 'd been collecting fell in unison at the proclamation and Ian took my hand .
tr	O	Her shoulders shook , but she continued .
tr	I	The air around me was bitterly cold , and my clothes were heavy with water .
tr	O	High school was Hell on Earth for most , but I loved it .
tr	O	He would have to restrain his powers and because of it someone could get hurt .
tr	O	We have nothing to contribute , but I don 't care about eating .
tr	O	It was just a creek in the woods , but it seemed like a place that was ours .
tr	O	She started forward , but the creatures , having dealt with Jessamine , had already swung back around toward her .
tr	O	He tossed a grin back at me , and I pulled the door shut behind us .
tr	I	His hands closed on her shoulders , and he sat down in the chair beside her .
tr	I	Honestly a man like Christian would only kiss a girl if he was attracted to her , but he had her there .
tr	O	His eyes became as large as disks in the sockets ; and his pupils became so large that he looked like a cartoon character .
tr	O	She 'd lost her shoes , and the top of her head barely reached his chin .
tr	O	A hand reached for her , and she jerked away with the instinctive quickness of a cat .
tr	I	The blood looked better , but the meat looked good .
tr	I	The big man wasn 't taking the loss very well and Federer was in Dreher 's squad .
tr	O	At that question , I wanted somehow to tell him the truth about that night , but I preferred to lower my look back to my knees .
tr	O	This sounded suspicious enough , but they let it pass .
tr	O	At first he thought someone was coming up the stairs , but then he realized the footsteps were on the porch , just below the window .
tr	I	His eyes were not , but his stance was relaxed .
tr	I	They 'll kill us too or we have to get this ship 's weapons working .
tr	I	His expression was calm , but he was frowning .
tr	O	The Temple was also firmly shut , and the priests themselves were forced to collect the bodies that had laid in the inner courtyards .
tr	I	It was as cold as hell outside , and Melbourne had pulled another of its weather tricks .
tr	O	There was a pounding on the door five minutes later , and I scowled as I shut off the water .
tr	O	His face was flushed , and he looked very angry .
tr	I	I went to Princeton , and made a fuss , got kicked out .
tr	O	A trickster would explain the funny reports Vinnie had picked up , but I didn 't know that it explained Joseph 's missing wolves .
tr	O	It was all still a little blurry , but I remembered the end of the fight well enough .
tr	O	I promised you a beating that would make you beg me for death , and that 's exactly what you 're going to get !
tr	I	His fingers brush my temple and he drops to his knees .
tr	I	It was not one of his handsome grins and he grinned .
tr	O	My name 's Envelope and I 'll be taking your call today .
tr	O	Benji came to my other side , but I pushed him away .
tr	I	She didn 't budge , but he pulled at her hands using all his strength , frantically trying to breathe .
tr	O	He didn 't say anything more and I was grateful .
tr	I	The feeling of unease would not go away , but nothing moved .
tr	O	The door opened again and I heard multiple footsteps coming in .
tr	O	Lido nodded his approval but Santini started to complain .
tr	O	That pain boosted his powers as he cried out and rage took hold of him .
tr	O	The police wouldn 't file a missing persons case for twenty-four hours , but after that , I was certain they would do something more .
tr	I	These outer ones didn 't but the stations closer to Underground London Zone had tunnels .
tr	I	I 'm flying away and I 'm the bird .
tr	I	She did not stop but the sound of Reed 's shout filled her ears .
tr	O	I looked at the bits of brain and its grossness made my face sour in repulsion .
tr	I	He staggered back a few steps and she struck him across the face .
tr	O	I don 't know why I cared what she thought , but I did .
tr	O	At a normal dinner the cognac would have come out at some point after the pie , and we would have retreated to another room .
tr	O	Alexander walked Olivia up the steps to her front door and she turned to face him , dreading another awkward moment .
tr	I	I nod , and he asks .
tr	I	She waited for a moment , hearing the pounding of her pulse in her ears , and her head bowed until it touched her thumbs .
tr	O	I pray that is what he is doing but he has his gun trained on the driver 's head .
tr	O	The north fell behind them and the west promised endless ice .
tr	O	This was a rental house and she had a six-month lease .
tr	O	That does not always work with Claire , but it could not hurt .
tr	O	She was the daughter of his enemy and he would do what he had vowed to do .
tr	I	He pulled me toward him , and his arms slipped around my waist .
tr	I	A resolve that made me tense , and there was a calculation there now .
tr	O	My eyes are seeing static in this darkness , but I can make out enough of her to see who has come .
tr	O	I called Jericho this morning to share the news with him but he was distracted by some problems the recovering humans were causing .
tr	I	I would never again be the same , and I 'd tasted it now .
tr	O	Sawyer was careful to keep his expression bland , but he nevertheless thought he detected a knowing glimmer in the butler 's eyes .
tr	I	The cloak began as they blended so well together and you couldn 't tell where her black hair ended .
tr	O	I heard countless yelps of pain but I couldn 't identify the owners .
tr	O	She was the ex-wife of Lloyd Black and possibly the only real link they had left of Dominic Green 's business .
tr	I	I had no idea and he broke into my home .
tr	O	There was wood ready , and a fire set in the grate .
tr	I	He wasn 't quite convinced , but I could see him wavering .
tr	O	The need in his eyes was glaringly obvious , and she was not going to turn him down .
tr	O	His heart was broken , and the enemy had won .
tr	O	Sunlight drowns the artificial light and I squint without my sunglasses .
tr	I	I wasn 't , but he thought I was talking about the Archangel .
tr	O	It was my purpose and now it is gone .
tr	I	Finding the door unlocked , let herself in and she carried the lunch box up the stairs .
tr	O	Though the electricity had gone out , there was that big streetlight right outside , and its light was coming through the holes in the roof .
tr	I	Before Liam had to come up with an excuse to leave , Pater begged off , but they spent a few more minutes catching up .
tr	I	I was pretty tired , but I was a little afraid of what I might dream .
tr	O	It rang four times before it went to voice mail and she still stared at it like it was a snake .
tr	I	How could she resist teasing poor Max , but she could do crazy all by herself ?
tr	O	He starts to answer , but I cut him off .
tr	O	The lioness roared and I saw the fear on his face .
tr	I	He stopped to ask if she was all right and a small groan of discomfort escaped her lips .
tr	O	She looked at the blank space , and what it offered .
tr	O	He thinks he 's smart , but he doesn 't know shit .
tr	O	The snow had all melted and the ground was left soggy .
tr	O	The men on the wall made distant targets , but they were conveniently illuminated by the watch fires .
tr	O	A few officers welcomed the change but many could not see their men being overwhelmingly joyous at becoming street coppers again .
tr	I	Damon knew he had seconds before they would be pulling to a stop and the limousine pulled into the parking garage .
tr	O	This was my last chance to see Jax in concert , and I wanted to make it worth remembering .
tr	O	Outrage filled Raina , but her heart clenched , twisting with more than guilt .
tr	I	The water in the swimming pool was crystal clear and Noel had done a marvellous job with the filter .
tr	O	The shield was getting weaker , and it wasn 't going to hold for much longer .
tr	O	You needed muscles like superman to wind the windows all the way down and the quarter lights leaked when the rain was blown hard against the pane .
tr	O	A wave of emotion hit me in the chest , and I sucked in air .
tr	O	He was filled with sadness and I could not fix it .
tr	I	The minute I realize he 's here , that he 's touching me , I push him back , but my legs are wobbly .
tr	I	They don 't turn up , but I dig through the basket .
tr	O	The curtain is open and I can see that it 's still dusk .
tr	I	It always overcame it , and there was always resistance .
tr	O	My heart felt as if I had just run a marathon and emotions ran through me as I took in her appearance hungrily .
tr	I	I heard no sound of her approaching and several moments passed .
tr	O	I told you I wanted both of you to see it , and your mother obviously isn 't coming with me .
tr	O	She 'd called for her , but her mother hadn 't answered .
tr	I	She frowned and her gaze settled on it .
tr	I	He got replaced or every problem was resolved quickly .
tr	O	You will always be her son , and she will always love you .
tr	I	I tried to hold it back , but I was so close to cumming .
tr	I	Now he realized it was his one shot at making her believe in him , but he hadn 't planned things this way .
tr	O	There was something vaguely familiar about him but Gordon couldn 't put his finger on it .
tr	I	The sofa cushions dark with it and the walls were splashed with blood .
tr	I	They just couldn 't keep up with all of the housework , but they had put up a valiant fight .
tr	O	Her face flamed , and her look was now ... ashamed ?
tr	I	No one was afraid , and the wild look had gone from his face .
tr	O	Magma formed in his left , but nothing happened in his right .
tr	I	He was describing someone else other than himself running down the field and it was like he was the announcer of a football game .
tr	O	It would be good to have company , but the Indians moved far more slowly than the Frenchmen .
tr	O	Sean lets out a little noise , like he can 't believe I defied him again , but his shock is short lived .
tr	I	We may have stuck her with an impossible task , but I have a lot of faith in our mechanic .
tr	I	Then she left to help some of the others make something for breakfast , and Mike kissed her back .
tr	O	She heard the water running and him gargling .
tr	O	There is so much more I could write , but it would probably end up being another book !
tr	O	She didn 't want his conversation and she definitely didn 't want his help .
tr	I	Father wishes me to select a husband while we are at court , and my betrothed was taken by the plague .
tr	I	She was more startled by something else , but ordinarily , Angelina would 've been concerned about her sister .
tr	I	He has skipped the country , and he 's some third-world millionaire .
tr	O	Rex whistled and I shouted until one of them saw us .
tr	O	She looks like she 's going to cry , but she looks like that almost every time I see her .
tr	I	Tears burned hot trails on her cheeks and Nicole 's vision blurred .
tr	O	Emmie smacked him again , but I caught her blush .
tr	I	I couldn 't resist grabbing the magazine , paying the man behind the newsstand , but I knew I shouldn 't .
tr	I	We got ourselves into position and I handed over the camera .
tr	I	That too was fashionable , but his pants were loose , rather like pajamas .
tr	O	You 're just another false face of this park , but that means you know things about this place that I don 't .
tr	O	She didn 't want to give in , but she had a duty to her shelter .
tr	O	She was half their size but she got her way .
tr	O	Her jaw dropped open slightly , and her blood began to boil .
tr	I	I couldn 't believe that was me , and Doyle stood next to me in his tuxedo .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure that was true , but he shrugged .
tr	I	She fell asleep instantly and they curled up together .
tr	O	The smudge is fully visible now , only a hundred yards away , and every part of me is screaming .
tr	O	My shoulders slumped a little in disappointment and my signature pout came to the forefront .
tr	O	She looked back , and he seemed perfectly rational .
tr	I	His tone changed , deepening with his next words , and his eyes met mine .
tr	I	I looked up at him , and Benji 's head tilted back .
tr	I	That 's how I sleep , and that 's how our ancestors slept .
tr	O	I could hear them , but I couldn 't see them well .
tr	I	He was already inside the Institute , but barely had Tessa 's shoes hit the cobblestones than she was hurrying after Jem , call ing his name .
tr	I	I felt the pinprick spiders shooting up to my knee , and the outer burst caught my leg .
tr	O	For today they were still under martial law and contacting their captor was the captain 's prerogative .
tr	O	Joan could see the 5 trucks that followed them had stopped and two mobile units from each had set-up positions .
tr	O	She knew he was right , but she couldn 't remember why .
tr	I	I forgot and it 's your freaking birthday !
tr	I	She knew damn well they were real , but Gabrielle had no idea how the photos had been taken .
tr	O	Her lips trembled and she said the first thing that popped into her mind .
tr	I	He was at peace with that , kind of , and Shane thought Frank was dead .
tr	I	Senseless ... and sick .
tr	I	He was wearing body armor , but Matt got wounded too .
tr	O	The crowd gasped and the man skidded to a stop .
tr	I	Swearing is too close to giving your word , and I am a princess of the faerie court .
tr	O	He lowered his mouth to hers , and she parted her lips .
tr	I	His throat tightened and he was reminded of his daughter Anne .
tr	O	Laurence was disposed to think this a joke , but Hammond stared at Liu Bao with quite a different expression .
tr	I	Stark terror held her captive , but she knew she should flee .
tr	I	She sure as hell didn 't belong with him , either , but maybe she didn 't .
tr	O	Above the brick fireplace hung a family portrait that had been taken the summer after Orson and I graduated from high school .
tr	O	He found peace in nature , and the bayou offered a startling glimpse into another world .
tr	O	I 'd be limited by oxygen consumption rather than CO2 removal , and I have plenty of oxygen .
tr	O	He dropped to his knees but his brothers retained their hold .
tr	O	I try to get my mask off right away but my hands are having none of it .
tr	O	She glanced at Jack , but he didn 't growl .
tr	O	They had spoken less than a dozen words to each other , and those only in passing .
tr	I	I suppose that we can have that altered , but a bit risque at the neckline , perhaps .
tr	I	It was a start , but it wasn 't much .
tr	O	We are your prisoners and that is against the law .
tr	I	It was unnoticed in its seclusion , but it wasn 't where I 'd have hoped to land .
tr	O	I confessed , and I hid my face against his chest again .
tr	I	He said no more , but she queried his reservation .
tr	O	Thad parked the boat in the docks , and they all got out .
tr	O	Molly fought off a headache all day , but no matter what she took , it lingered .
tr	I	It tastes delicious , as always and I take a bite of my sandwich .
tr	O	He really didn 't expect to find anything to go on at this point , but he didn 't want to leave any stone unturned either .
tr	I	She was willing to overlook that shaky beginning , but the memory of their first meeting still rankled .
tr	I	I held nothing back and I related every detail .
tr	I	I still couldn 't stop him and Walt wasn 't even strong enough to bruise me ?
tr	O	She forgot Hastings was even in the room until she heard him shutting the lid of the brazier , and she shuddered .
tr	O	Her hands fisted tightly , and for a moment Devon thought she was going to hit him .
tr	I	Alex was afraid Meadows would start to cry , and Ms. Meadows ' voice broke as she spoke .
tr	O	I 'm not sure how long I stood there , but finally I forced myself to move .
tr	I	His voice stopped me , but I turned to leave .
tr	I	The morning air was cold and the sky had clouded over .
tr	I	I don 't want to take any chances but I 'm sure I could open another window if this one blinks out of existence .
tr	O	Cassidy would say yes , and she 'd love it .
tr	O	The guy glanced down at my hand , and his face stretched into a wide grin .
tr	I	Besides , I think he 's too busy with work , and I really don 't think he 's over my mother yet .
tr	I	Recognition began to dawn and thoughts began to clear .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure what he was expecting to see , but he felt he needed to at least take a look .
tr	O	I didn 't know what he liked , and I sure as hell wanted to know what he saw when he looked at me .
tr	O	The origin of their names wasn 't very clear but there were couple plausible theories .
tr	O	It was human blood , and odds were good that it belonged to the girl whose remains had been found on Main Street .
tr	O	He stood with his head down for a moment , and Kaitlyn could see that he was breathing quickly .
tr	O	Bonnie giggled again , and he elbowed her gently .
tr	I	I looked down at the mat , and he 'd been right , of course .
tr	O	I couldn 't hold them back and I was sniffling like a baby .
tr	O	Logan chuckles and I see laughter in his eyes .
tr	O	His cell phone rang and he reached for it .
tr	I	This thing is too big for me to hide in my pocket , but I would just accept it like I accepted Six 's cell phone .
tr	I	I knew that meant time to go and by the time I had finished getting ready my stomach growled .
tr	O	The corridor on the other side of the door was dark and Jared 's eyes took some time to adjust to the gloom .
tr	O	It opened and the dimly lit face of Detective Charley Elliot was staring me in the eyes .
tr	I	I stopped so I could glare up at him in disgust and the question hurt like a mother .
tr	O	A few seconds passed with no activity , and Rick breathed a quiet sigh of relief .
tr	O	It 's the fourth quarter and it 's the last play of the game ... in the Super Bowl of my life .
tr	I	Amy refused to give any further information , but the Senator waited for her to continue .
tr	I	I feel ... hairy and I get near her .
tr	I	It was a painful understanding , but Noelle understood what he meant .
tr	O	Some moms get really into Christmas , but my mom was the Halloween type .
tr	O	He tenderly kissed my head and I pulled away a bit .
tr	O	The intrusion was delicious , and my cheap knit skirt rode up until the triangle of my underwear was exposed .
tr	I	Had grown to become Painter 's second-in-command at Sigma and Captain Kathryn Bryant was Sigma 's chief intelligence expert .
tr	I	Then everyone starts clapping , and one of the staff slowly starts to clap , a couple more join in .
tr	I	It is in the middle of nowhere , but Let 's assume there 's a giant shopping mall with the best products at the lowest prices .
tr	I	You turned out to be the greatest liar of them all , and I confided in the one person I believed understood me .
tr	O	Tabitha 's eyes flashed open and she stared up into the amused face of Nikolai .
tr	I	She could not , but she had always tried her best to ignore her sister 's ways .
tr	I	I felt so safe , and he really was taking care of me .
tr	I	He didn 't force her to move , but his gaze traveled from her hand to her face .
tr	O	Antonio tried to laugh it off , but he felt a cold stone of doubt slither through his gut .
tr	O	Not a man in his crew had ever seen a storm like this before , and none of them wanted to die .
tr	O	James scans my clothes once again , and with a heavy sigh , he agrees .
tr	I	Callie was the type of woman who would expect it , and he wasn 't into commitment .
tr	O	My mind stayed human , but my senses were animal .
tr	O	He felt himself fall , and then everything went black .
tr	O	I check my phone again when I get back to my room and I 'm relieved to see a text from her .
tr	I	I 'm getting a lot of laughs , and they 're not a tough crowd though .
tr	I	Jake knew she was frowning , but her face was in shadow .
tr	O	When the elves finished , Dorian touched Echo 's elbow and she opened her eyes dreamily .
tr	O	The man behind me made a sound , kind of like a growl , and I tried to move faster .
tr	I	He 's in all these mirrors and I 'm in all these mirrors .
tr	I	Diego laid Cassidy on the sheets , and Shane stripped back the quilts .
tr	O	I mumble , but something in his voice pierces my sluggishness .
tr	I	Too many schemers had stayed behind with feigned sicknesses , and he was too new to the politics involved .
tr	O	Then Aden stopped , as did everyone behind him , and there wasn 't even that .
tr	I	Andrew will have made the decision to do evil , forever tying him to the darkness and Nicholas will die .
tr	O	Waiters hurried forward with towels , and I took one for Nina .
tr	I	He slapped his palm against the wall in front of me , but I tried to slide past .
tr	I	I own the only dealership in town , and well my name is Harvey Richardson .
tr	O	The authorities may spring for an autopsy but they won 't find anything more .
tr	O	I suppose I could have given a performance dressed in leather , but I don 't think it 'd have had the same impact .
tr	I	I smiled slightly and our eyes met .
tr	I	He was just standing there by the basement door , and I turned around !
tr	I	Eventually he pulls away , nipping at my bottom lip , but I wish we could stay that way forever .
tr	O	I wrenched my arm a little , but it 's fine .
tr	O	Max answered , and Amon looked back at me .
tr	I	Rex still hovered , but Melissa was a lot more functional here in the blue time .
tr	I	She realised her problems were only just starting , and Faye remained silent as these words sunk in .
tr	I	It was mostly covered in snow , but a compound had been constructed there .
tr	I	We burst out laughing , and the absurdity of the moment washed over us .
tr	I	He held up a finger , but I was about to protest .
tr	I	You know the rest and Section 100 thought up the Purple Cipher operation .
tr	I	I knew nothing of that drive , but humans often shared sexual contact for recreational purposes .
tr	I	He was gone and I came outside .
tr	O	I had no idea how she did it , but her peal of silvery laughter really sounded genuine .
tr	I	I think I still remember how , but it 's been a long time .
tr	I	In a desperate effort to steady herself , Julia focused on Douglas and the room was still spinning .
tr	I	He nearly always accompanied them , but Colin didn 't always lead the expeditions in time .
tr	O	They were doing some big show of the crown jewels and we set up the security for the event .
tr	O	She told herself to look him in the eye , but she couldn 't .
tr	O	He began to move a little , and there wasn 't a lot I could do about it .
tr	I	He made no attempt to acknowledge my presence but Benny 's eye 's darted up .
tr	O	It is fleeting , but it 's there .
tr	O	She thrust her tongue against his , greedy for everything he had , and he held her tight as he gave it all back .
tr	I	They were only doing work and it was only Katie Buick .
tr	O	Peace reigned in the Confederacy for the first time in fourteen cycles , and the people needed to celebrate .
tr	I	They are also human , but they are my people .
tr	O	Other times , he softly hums a tune and I completely melt .
tr	O	He could ask me for almost anything in that tone and I wouldn 't refuse .
tr	O	He tossed the case away and his eyes came to hers .
tr	I	She almost panicked wondering what had her trapped , and there was an enormous pressure on her chest .
tr	O	He had others that fit better , but none in good enough condition to wear here .
tr	I	Her tiny nose wrinkled and her brows pinched .
tr	I	Snow Job never felt the blade crease his skin , only the thin trickle of blood running down his neck and the blade was razor sharp .
tr	I	She miraculously found her pleasure again , and their tempo increased , perfectly matched .
tr	I	I would have freaked out my family if I had done that but I almost thought about making it as miserable for you as possible .
tr	I	Jack would be regretting a lot more than being duped or he was damn lucky Richard called when he did .
tr	I	Cronus would have won , and Henry would have never joined the fight .
tr	O	Tyler Drake may not be a vampire , but he 's very dangerous .
tr	I	I gave her immediately and she asked for water .
tr	O	Music was playing and the gentle melody seemed to cheer everyone .
tr	O	Silken strained at the tie binding her wrists but she could not get free .
tr	O	He chokes up , about to cry , and I don 't know what to do .
tr	O	I would 've thought they 'd stick around , but seeing their Princess die must 've been too much .
tr	O	Emma is normally home first but she was so busy at ' work ' that it wasn 't a surprise she wasn 't it .
tr	I	The Lurkers have returned and Night has fallen .
tr	O	I have Wyatt 's DNA on record , and we 'll have Danny 's DNA in a few hours .
tr	O	I had not slept yet , not properly , and I felt that fatigue gnaw at me .
tr	I	Tammie is grateful , and he doesn 't .
tr	O	The guard opened the gate for him , and he passed through .
tr	O	He stumbled forward , stumbled back , and then his big body was falling .
tr	O	He drives down to a clearing and we get out of the truck .
tr	O	He agreed , and they made the necessary arrangements .
tr	O	The room was far darker with the windows gone , but the glass skylights still intact allowed enough light to see .
tr	I	The place was crowded , with loud music thumping through the air from a live band playing inside and it was Friday night .
tr	I	It has been four hours and Reagan still isn 't home .
tr	I	A number of men were sent to sick bay , but thankfully , Ali had never been prone to seasickness .
tr	O	There are a few life-forms that are more primitive , but insects aren 't really that much ahead of them .
tr	O	The nurse eyed him as if he 'd been on the phone long enough , but he averted his gaze .
tr	I	Now his irises had turned an almost impossibly pale shade of gray , but he 'd had blue eyes his whole life .
tr	I	It never came , but she waited for the pain .
tr	I	You will not be allowed in , or please bring the flier with you .
tr	O	I turned to meet Charlie 's eyes but he subtly shook his head as if to say ' later .
tr	I	He was surprised to meet her here , but the boy knew who the wolf was .
tr	I	She huddled against the cosy blanket and he went out .
tr	O	Her lips were parted and her eyes were closed .
tr	I	A throaty laugh escapes and his head tilts back .
tr	O	It works fast and it 's safe .
tr	O	It was nearly empty , and we finished our meal in half an hour .
tr	I	They run because they are naked , and they think they are going for a shower to disinfect them in case they have lice .
tr	I	He was ready to kill again , and this was the man with the machete , still wet with the blood of his last victim .
tr	I	They would come to a town and travel up the stream for about a day .
tr	I	He 's not someone that you want to make your enemy , and he used to be a friend of mine .
tr	O	He wouldn 't normally so much as think of deceiving her , but tonight was different .
tr	O	She loves him and it is impossible .
tr	O	Wanting answers , he charged down her house , and when he passed the kitchen he glanced inside .
tr	O	There was a terrible groaning of metal and we all stopped to listen .
tr	I	He hadn 't been lying when he 'd said it was a long story , and Rafe began .
tr	I	They 'll soon hit a brick wall , but anyone who 's curious can find you online with the Inmate Locator service .
tr	O	A public execution instilled fear , and this crowd needed to fear authority right now .
tr	I	They didn 't care that they were being rude , and the strangers were imposing on him .
tr	O	His hand pulled on a handle attached to the compartment belonging to Don Francisco , and a trap opened below his feet .
tr	I	They couldn 't pin anything to us and it was right there under their noses .
tr	O	The oldest child , Rosalie , was in first grade and the second daughter , Abby , was a year younger .
tr	O	Behind his was an army of vehicles and all the men inside were well armed .
tr	I	He hoped it would do the same here and setting fire had helped him escape the jailhouse .
tr	O	I wanted his hands on me , but I wanted to taste him more .
tr	O	He pressed the extrusion , and the blade flicked out .
tr	I	She surprised him when she smiled , but her breath caught at the jab .
tr	O	Until now , Susannah had avoided it , but she couldn 't put it off forever .
tr	O	It wasn 't likely that Kell would let himself be seen , but she didn 't want to take any chances .
tr	O	Sweat beads his forehead and his hair is damp .
tr	I	That detail didn 't seem to matter , but I still didn 't know his name .
tr	I	There was still a thick layer of muddy slush , but it hadn 't snowed since yesterday morning , so they 'd made good headway .
tr	I	The driver got out to open the passenger door and we stopped in front of the town car .
tr	I	The shock was clear in my expression and I was shaking so hard .
tr	I	Blake reached to pick it up , and the phone on Neil 's desk rang .
tr	O	A small smile formed on his lips and he relaxed .
tr	O	Time seemed to slow as she lifted her face to him , and her lips parted beneath his .
tr	I	In that second I drew myself under control , but I had been very upset , deeply upset .
tr	O	A chill wind whistled against me and I held in a shiver .
tr	O	Her wings tucked into her sides , and dark curls settled over her shoulders , falling down the smooth expanse of her arms .
tr	I	That didn 't mean anything , but anyway , he didn 't feel any of her power .
tr	O	Alistair paused , and Daniel presumed he was wrestling with his memories .
tr	O	Her hands were on my arms and I flexed my muscles for her .
tr	I	I was already feeling the weight and it was almost the end of week one of classes .
tr	O	Josh joined her outside , but he kept his distance .
tr	O	Keith looked at all three of us - but he didn 't share our smiles .
tr	I	She didn 't have to let him witness his power , but he might be able to seduce her with a glance .
tr	I	I grew up hearing my father 's rules on just about everything , and his Rules for Life , he called them .
tr	O	Now this guy comes along and you jump all over him like Taylor never existed .
tr	O	My neck tightens and I roll it from side to side to keep from blowing steam at the wrong person .
tr	I	It was locked but he tried to get into room 106 .
tr	O	It was rumored that people had died at her touch , and this was not just the Director 's professional rumor mill .
tr	O	His mouth moved to my other breast and he licked beneath it , a long drawn out drag of his tongue on the underside .
tr	I	I want to apologize for that , and I know we 've persecuted you lately .
tr	O	Those personal storage cupboards the Blood created with Craft and power couldn 't support anything that was alive .
tr	O	Judge Ryder had us turn to face him but we were still so unable to keep from staring at the other .
tr	O	I wanted to ask him about it , but every time I did he shut down .
tr	I	She gave him a quick hug and Colton helped June to her feet .
tr	I	He had to eventually accept that if we ran they would find us and we talked through all our options .
tr	I	She held him off , but he reached for her .
tr	I	He knew it , and she never could deny him when he pulled that one .
tr	O	There was another metal screech and the sinking ground plummeted a short ways .
tr	I	He closed his eyes and Riley 's head fell back .
tr	I	Chantelle jumped , panicking as she slapped her pocket , praying the big man hadn 't heard the mobile and suddenly a loud buzzing sounded .
tr	O	He knew they wouldn 't be lovers , but he 'd thought they could become friends .
tr	O	Rhona was forced into a chair and a pint of ale shoved into her hand .
tr	O	He sounded weary , but Romain plunged on .
tr	I	There was nothing she could do about it and she was going to be used to destroy the world .
tr	I	Simon pulled me back , but I tried to move toward Katherine .
tr	O	He wasn 't betrothed and that made him available .
tr	I	We started to run to the train station and he grabbed my hand .
tr	I	A man had to do what a man had to do but he could hear his grandmother complaining loudly .
tr	I	I decided that was what hell would feel like and my body felt like I was being ripped apart .
tr	I	Morley didn 't even look at her , but Claire jumped backward , just in case .
tr	I	The door bangs against the wall and I tear out of the room .
tr	O	He seems to be complaining , but it 's an indictment .
tr	I	They would have given it to him with no questions asked , and he could ask Congress for that money .
tr	I	She just got fed up with it , and I was hardly home .
tr	O	She got the door open , but her elaborate gown was too difficult to manage as she tried to get out .
tr	I	He paid them no mind , but he could hear the muted sounds of people chatting as they walked the deck nearby .
tr	O	he screamed and everyone silenced .
tr	O	I nodded , eagerly , and he laughed .
tr	O	It was a quick appointment , and she was ready to leave .
tr	I	The despair was building every day , and I couldn 't feel her , no matter how hard I tried .
tr	I	He labored to fight them off , and waves of nausea passed over him .
tr	O	As she got to the door of the black Mercedes Benz it opened and a tall , dark haired man in a navy blue suit got out .
tr	I	I hear whispers coming from the window , and it 's the middle of the night .
tr	I	At the last minute she changed her mind , but at first she considered throwing it away .
tr	I	The guy did change his cell number , but I don 't think he did it on purpose either .
tr	O	It 's chaotic , but I love it .
tr	I	It 's the truth , but it might sound egotistical .
tr	I	Rick started speaking again , but each opened their mouths as though to ask a question .
tr	O	He smiled with affection , but his eyes twinkled with a spark of annoyance .
tr	I	I knew he was with me , and he smiled .
tr	I	It doesn 't really matter , but we 'd been aiming to get farther along today .
tr	I	We 'll decide then and we 'll wait until after the child comes out .
tr	O	My head was beginning to clear and I wasn 't feeling sick anymore .
tr	O	As a snappy come-back , that lacked something , but Verity was unable to think of anything else .
tr	O	I turned my arm , and the blade came out of his hand .
tr	I	She quickly recovered , but her cheeks turned an endearing shade of pink , visible even in the weak torchlight .
tr	O	There were so many other things that were , but feeling was not one of them .
tr	I	My body moves as if jerked by a string , but I don 't want to turn toward the voice .
tr	O	It hung loose over a pair of jeans that were frayed around the ankles , and his feet were bare .
tr	O	Goodness slapped that brochure across her windshield , and the woman didn 't even read it .
tr	O	The river might have washed away all traces of her blood , but I would forever carry its stain on my hands .
tr	I	She flexed to it and he rubbed his hand up her side .
tr	I	I let out a soft groan , and she pulls me down until my bare flesh seals over hers , inch by erotic inch .
tr	O	I 'm retaining your services , and your services alone .
tr	O	His body began to tense and he pulled her head free .
tr	O	His dark hair was long enough to display a natural wave , and it lay perfectly in place .
tr	O	I 'm the first to arrive , and I 'll be the last to leave .
tr	I	Then he relaxed , pulling my body against his , and Benji 's entire body tensed .
tr	I	If it was meant to be , we would stay together , and we agreed that our college experience came first .
tr	I	Her eyes bulged unnaturally , and her lips were cracked .
tr	I	Something dangerous sparkled in his eyes , something she had only seen in their darkest fights , and he snapped .
tr	I	A drop of water slipped down her face and her mascara had started to run .
tr	O	The situation looked hopeless ; but there was very little bleeding .
tr	O	I 'm still processing this , Sugar , and yes I 'm mad .
tr	I	Aunt Geraldine wouldn 't be there , and soon he 'd walk into Whittier House .
tr	O	My cheeks flamed red , and I sank a little lower into my seat .
tr	I	I gag and the scent of rotting flesh fills the air .
tr	I	Before our lips touch , his arms release my body , but I feel Tyson 's breath on my face .
tr	O	Willow saw bright colored hair on a few of the witches , and most of the warlocks wore expensive tuxedos .
tr	O	It was one thing to take a chance with her own life , but she had someone in Whitney 's camp she had to protect .
tr	I	The world believed me , and I denied our involvement once .
tr	I	He could top it off with the beige sports jacket and this would go perfectly with the rest of his outfit .
tr	O	She still had a snappy come-back for most everything , but the light was gone from her eyes .
tr	O	The light bent around a curve in the tunnel we 'd just passed , and it swayed in time with the shuffle of footsteps .
tr	O	The flower was gone and the curls tossed loosely around her head .
tr	I	The names piqued my interest , but I knew little of them .
tr	I	I have absolutely no idea what 's going on and I 've been here all day .
tr	I	I 'm afraid it came out more smug than reassuring but I smiled at her .
tr	O	She turned his way , as if sensing his eyes upon her , and Dean whipped around to face Shaun .
tr	O	He didn 't trust anyone and that included Anthony .
tr	O	She wiggled her eyebrows , but he still looked bashful .
tr	O	I didn 't reply and after a while of just standing there , she headed towards the door .
tr	I	Yet she couldn 't seem to stop , and loving him was going to ruin her .
tr	O	When they left , Renton said the doctor had only allowed him half an hour per visit , and Adams walked back with him to his ward .
tr	O	I hadn 't talked to her much in the last two days , but I wondered why a senior wanted my sister at his party .
tr	O	Okay , maybe he was a murdering , kidnapping madman and there was a better way to play it .
tr	I	His covered his ears and he froze in terror .
tr	O	The female because she was less abrasive than most of the children , and she also looked to have the ability to affect things with her will .
tr	O	She was trying to put a brave face on it , but Sam could see how deeply hurt she was by what had happened .
tr	O	My left hand curled into a fist , and I rubbed my fingers across the brand from my mother 's necklace .
tr	O	It had been so long since I had dressed myself , and I had nearly forgotten how .
tr	O	It seemed a little too melodramatic , but he felt obliged to express concern .
tr	O	The right wheel slipped off the pavement , and we were airborne .
tr	I	Ellie fell into the darkness inside and the door flew open .
tr	O	All she would need to do was beg , and her heart 's desire would be for her .
tr	I	Darren was gone because of it , and I had done it ... me .
tr	O	She watched for traffic and when she saw an opening , she started to cross .
tr	O	All of them had concerns in their mind , but the warm spring sunlight had them forget their worries for a while .
tr	O	I drove all the way to Wales yesterday morning , and all the back last night .
tr	I	I can 't , but I wanted to .
tr	I	She wasn 't embracing him back , but Jane didn 't appear to be fighting .
tr	O	It was more than half an hour before she reached the bottom of the mountain , and she was only halfway to the tribe .
tr	I	He points at the recorder , but I nod to the officer .
tr	O	He shouldn 't have cared , but he did .
tr	I	The four turned to her , apparently waiting to see her reaction , and clubs grunted his assent .
tr	O	The waiter arrived with their food , and they ordered more wine .
tr	I	Her heart is failing , and the baby is coming .
tr	O	He had gray hair that was cut very short and if I were to guess , he was in his sixties .
tr	I	Running a red light turned left onto Shamrock , and she nodded , accelerated around another line of cars .
tr	I	I wouldn 't be there to save her and if I left , he might hurt her .
tr	O	Yeah , I lived in a nice neighborhood , but that didn 't mean these streets were exempt from crime .
tr	I	She knew she had to be glowing with embarrassment , and Heat suffused her face .
tr	O	The design of the launch restaurant had been decided and construction was well under way .
tr	O	He gets something in his head and he won 't let it go .
tr	I	You 'll find it and just walk along the shoreline toward the southern boundary of your property .
tr	I	My insides jumped with excitement and a few minutes later we were at the sway bridge .
tr	O	My breath caught as I stared at her , and she smiled a wide , happy beautiful smile .
tr	O	She pushed his face away and he fell against the door .
tr	I	Tiffany had known something was wrong as soon as she had stepped inside - Boom , but she was lying peacefully on the narrow iron bed .
tr	O	The men from the prison are acting as waiters right now , and they 're doing a good job at it .
tr	O	He moved my hand on it , and I obligingly circled it with my fingers .
tr	O	Twice he thought he had lost her , but yet she was still here .
tr	O	The DOD didn 't know it could be left on humans , and no one , not even Andrew , would relay that kind of information .
tr	I	They should ride on and he should pul back .
tr	I	She was beginning to shiver in her wet bathing suit , more from alarm than cold , but the night was balmy .
tr	I	I nodded and he grimaced .
tr	I	He clearly reveled in the attention , and she rubbed the dog 's face .
tr	I	The picture went well , and we started shooting in the spring of 1950 .
tr	I	I am only one man , but I do not .
tr	O	He passed his hand across the cigarette 's tip and it lit with a multicolored flame .
tr	O	He didn 't even need to say a word , and I was already considering begging him to take me .
tr	I	Were yielding to it , and knew it .
tr	O	006 held a commanding lead on them , but Toby let most of it evaporate by the time the limo was reached .
tr	I	She sits down and I hand her my logbook pen .
tr	I	They knew so much , but they were still people .
tr	I	I start thinking again about my brother , and we 're silent for a few miles .
tr	O	The Prince observed the two females embrace with undisguised fascination , but his mind was already made up .
tr	O	He told me who he was , who you were , the way you all treated him , and soon it became clear that our goals overlapped .
tr	I	You 'll never find her and Verity 's in there now .
tr	O	His teeth tore the head off the creature , but the hands continued to mangle his brother .
tr	O	Obviously I 'm taller than Megan but she 's not too far behind .
tr	O	The second tower went by , and Boris dropped into a canter .
tr	O	he asked , but she knew darn wel that he understood exactly what she meant .
tr	I	I decide to head to the ladies room to give myself time to think and Worry pinches my brow .
tr	O	Instant embarrassment shot through her and she realized what a cold bitch she was being .
tr	O	Her legs were dangling a few feet from the ground and she was clenching onto his hand , trying to free herself .
tr	O	He may not agree with the way the place was to be run , but he still cared that she wore clean clothes .
tr	O	Green Lightning 's ears pricked and she snorted .
tr	I	He wasn 't supposed to use it , but Riva had ultimate power tucked inside his tunic .
tr	I	Wasn 't totally unexpected , but this was not good .
tr	O	His knuckles throbbed , but it was a good pain , a pain that made the spirit rumble happily .
tr	O	He took another slow step toward her , and the street light fell across his face .
tr	I	In the last second , he pushed it back under , but it reminded him there was a lot he didn 't know about her .
tr	O	She keeps asking for it , but they won 't let her have it .
tr	I	When it came out of the blue , she wasn 't prepared , but she could handle the pain if she knew it was coming .
tr	I	Ken swiftly twisted his right leg , stomping my left leg , but the attack disappeared .
tr	O	She shook her head , but the laughter faded .
tr	I	The real reward would only come with Barton 's capture , and neither wanted to touch the girl .
tr	I	She shook her head vigorously , and Rosy laughed in a way that expressed embarrassment .
tr	O	The second choice is that you do not join us but you agree to help us .
tr	O	I 've been on an adrenaline high for two weeks and I 'm sure John has too .
tr	O	She took a step backward , and Nora knew her daughter was afraid of getting too close to this man she loved so deeply .
tr	O	There was a soda machine close to the motel office , and if this turned into a long night she would be needing caffeine .
tr	O	He knows that I 'll tell him when I can , but right now in this moment , I don 't think I can .
tr	O	Both of the rows in the back were full , but I was the only one on the front row .
tr	I	The game was on and the plan was tight .
tr	O	We held on for a long time before letting go , and he was the first one to look back before leaving .
tr	I	His eyes were liquid with emotion and he lifted his mouth from mine .
tr	O	It had a funny smell of Lily of the Valley he thought , and this made him think of old people .
tr	I	An answering response raced through her body , and she watched desire spark in his eyes .
tr	I	Since he was managing to keep a straight face , she went on , but he made a pained sound .
tr	I	A marriage would have been forbidden and they were from the same clan .
tr	O	Tears streamed down her face , and she daubed her eyes with her tunic .
tr	O	Nausea rose in his gullet , and he quickly backed up .
tr	I	Maybe that wasn 't such a good idea , but she 'd fantasized about talking to Josh for days .
tr	I	Adding in Kevin 's frequent travel made it harder , but trying to make a long distance relationship work was difficult enough .
tr	O	In fact , there were many rats swimming through the water around him , but none of them paid him any mind .
tr	O	That 's how it always normally started , and eventually relationships fell apart on their own .
tr	I	We were approaching land and my eyes blinked open .
tr	I	Old it had been when it was turned , and long it had been kept from the sun .
tr	I	I struggled deep inside , but after we first slept together , I never told anyone .
tr	O	Her lungs filled with caustic bile as her mouth tried to gasp , but her stomach could not obey .
tr	O	This was the scariest situation of my life , yet somehow I knew he would make sure we got out of here .
tr	O	It had ended well , but there were some bumps .
tr	O	It would break through , but the thorns bled it .
tr	I	With Isaac gone she might still have insisted he go back to bed , but Claire felt sorry for him .
tr	O	There was a possessive side to him and I couldn 't decide how I felt about that .
tr	O	I grabbed the knapsack and flung it over my shoulder .
tr	I	Too much energy is in her and she 's wound up over something .
tr	O	My heart softened at her genuine concern , and I pulled her into a big hug .
tr	O	The man was completely nak * d. And he looked really good .
tr	O	You can call it love , or you can call it freefall .
tr	I	I filled the glasses and we sat on the couch .
tr	I	That did not stop the memories starting to flood back to him , but it had changed a little in appearance .
tr	I	Rema yelped , and he squeezed her arm harder .
tr	O	It was another four days before they found a mutually convenient time to meet but in the end it was worth it .
tr	O	It glimmered in the darkness , and Lizzie saw his face light up in amazement .
tr	I	He felt his mind begin to scream : Please wake up , and it was more than he could bear !
tr	O	The feeling didn 't go away , and neither did the butterflies he had sent winging in her stomach .
tr	O	Her cards were packed already or she 'd do another reading .
tr	O	He says he signed a written statement admitting to the murders , and supposedly there 's also a video .
tr	I	It didn 't make me feel any better , but Bianca assured me .
tr	I	A brief silence settled over the group , and all nodded in unison .
tr	O	The deep knot that had been sitting inside his chest broke , and he drew a deep breath as though it was his first .
tr	O	He still rubbed her arm , and it felt good .
tr	I	Alexander will be speaking against our involvement , and Kevin Winthrop will speak for the Resistance .
tr	I	She hadn 't thought about Noel 's actions impacting his other relationships , too , but she was grateful for her brother 's loyalty .
tr	O	He lived for the danger of his job , and it was a job that didn 't encourage emotional ties .
tr	I	It still took forty-five minutes to get out to the hospital , but I rode as fast as I could .
tr	O	There were no bigwigs in her future , but she 'd settle for keeping her job .
tr	I	He didn 't care but an audience was gathering .
tr	O	Jerome didn 't break his hold on Simone , but that calculating look was still in his gaze .
tr	I	I tried to divert my attention from my leg and my eyes rolled back into my head .
tr	I	Ethan burst out laughing , and Mike shook his head at his friend .
tr	I	A small sigh escaped me , and I swallowed my pride again .
tr	O	The final chasm to cross is a large one , but the boy makes the running leap without hesitation .
tr	O	Half the job is done for today , and the other half is not a problem .
tr	I	It starts to get awkward , and a moment passes .
tr	O	She knew what she was doing and I couldn 't deny that I knew she had the talent to go far .
tr	I	At this moment , I was actually glad and I had been homeschooled .
tr	I	I let out a shrill scream and Gabriel tossed me in the air .
tr	O	When he had returned he had been covered in blood , and The Man had been pleased .
tr	O	Gideon stroked Kay 's hair while he tried to think of something to say that would comfort her , but at the moment , words failed him .
tr	O	He 'd tried to put her at ease , but it hadn 't worked .
tr	O	Her pulse was still a little rapid , but the color had returned to her cheeks .
tr	O	Her arm was over his shoulders , and his arm was wrapped around her waist to keep her from toppling over .
tr	I	Carole 's greeting left her uncomfortable , but Katie forced herself to continue smiling .
tr	O	I have been working with the AI for well over two years now and I have barely even scratched the surface of that little black box .
tr	I	I 'm okay , but I 'm sad .
tr	O	I started to turn away , too enraged to speak , but he caught me by the wrist .
tr	O	Samantha reached for her jacket and Allison stuck out her hand .
tr	I	He spoke and I turned .
tr	I	He was powerful , and he was rich .
tr	O	I was outside , and we were each fifteen hundred dollars richer .
tr	O	I 've done a bad thing ... And I 'd pushed him on her .
tr	O	I felt secure in my Beverly Hills penthouse and it was walled with books on just about every epoch that had preceded the twentieth century .
tr	O	He 's silent for a while and I worry I might have upset him .
tr	O	He knew her , of course , and a satisfied smile creased his lips .
tr	I	His face was full of burning light , and Jace was breathing hard as he spoke .
tr	I	She felt genuinely blessed and she knew it was rare to experience what she had .
tr	I	It is on the floor but I want to go underneath it to hide .
tr	I	I find I can 't lie to him and I look up into those clear blue eyes .
tr	I	She became aware of her other wounds then , especially the bullet wound , and her heart beat faster .
tr	I	They did tend to dominate this woman 's thin face , but as for her eyes , Cale had always found large eyes an attractive feature .
tr	O	She 'd been home when I left earlier , and I wondered if she 'd slipped out for lunch with Hank .
tr	O	The cops had lost the submarine which had taken some kind of alien evasive action but the police had not given up !
tr	O	She took off for the store and I was left on the street .
tr	I	I strategized accordingly , and I knew where my enemies were going .
tr	O	Its purpose was unknown , but it had been hastily converted into a hangar .
tr	I	He shivered at the thought of two people like that on the same planet , and she reminded him of his sister .
tr	O	She opened her eyes , hoping , expecting ... But the world did not go back to normal .
tr	I	It wasn 't the same , but Keller had studied the plans .
tr	O	It 's not as hilly , but there 's a swampy part in the middle .
tr	I	Deckard had to light the pilot for the gas heater , but the shower still had a reservoir of water .
tr	O	I look back , and she 's at the entrance to the hallway that leads back to her bedroom .
tr	I	I still picked up the occasional thought floating about , but my mind was exhausted .
tr	I	He backed away and a smile curled on the other man 's face .
tr	O	She 's wearing a short , navy blue dress with black knee-high boots and her hair is pulled into a sleek ponytail .
tr	I	The wind was dropping and the sun was high .
tr	I	She wasn 't overly worried but she couldn 't see Mason .
tr	I	She shook her head , and her lips compressed in fear .
tr	I	It just didn 't work , but I tried not to look in Eric 's eyes , so I could leave him with a clear conscience .
tr	O	There was doubt in her eyes , but I could see hope as well .
tr	O	The dress fell to her waist and he sucked in a deep breath .
tr	O	Adrien knew the time had come to tell Lily what needed to happen next , but she was already sliding out of bed .
tr	O	he thundered at Mallory and she jumped .
tr	O	I doubted a lot of things , but this was one thing I knew for sure .
tr	I	Now we 're stuck with that thing , and I risked my life .
tr	I	He closes his eyes , understanding what that means for Karen 's past and I nod .
tr	O	She opened her mouth to say something about the furniture , but what was really on her mind was that stupid horoscope .
tr	I	I 'm still here , and I open my eyes .
tr	O	He had a backpack , but that could mean anything .
tr	I	I was alone again , and the door clicked shut .
tr	O	The screen went to black , and then the white wall came back .
tr	O	The man glanced back at the vehicle , and Abby saw another person sitting in the passenger seat .
tr	O	He opened his mouth to speak , but she held up a hand .
tr	O	Marcus 's mouth curved with blatant charm , a silent encouragement , and her heart stopped .
tr	I	Her mind whirled , and his lips brushed over hers , softly .
tr	I	I was instantly filled with trepidation and Low moans echoed throughout the halls .
tr	I	Julie searched his face for some hope , and he regarded her curiously .
tr	I	Something ancient stirred , and Alyosha pushed the power into his hands .
tr	I	I couldn 't even begin to reciprocate , but the cast laughed good-naturedly .
tr	O	She looked down at the tiny , serious face , and this time her heart swelled , blooming until it nearly filled her chest .
tr	O	I whipped up , wincing at the pain in my back , and the sheriff caught me , bringing his knife to my throat .
tr	O	I told her I couldn 't do that and you weren 't the one I wanted anyway .
tr	O	Katie threw open the club door , and cold air blasted me in the face .
tr	I	It was going to be a bloodshed , and one of them was going to fall .
tr	I	You 're right , and you have enough to do here .
tr	O	Someone was calling me but there were no words .
tr	O	They 're ready to go to war , but they don 't want to .
tr	I	Joseph was rolling on the ground , slapping his side and the bearers sat around laughing .
tr	I	All would be right again and this must be a dream , a walking dream from which she would soon wake .
tr	O	She went to the north wall to find her lantern , but he lit the candles with a wave of his hand .
tr	O	Aiden opened his mouth , mostly like to passionately disagree , but Hades cut him off .
tr	O	She 's my wife and I 'm her husband .
tr	I	The world went black , and before the fight was even over , darkness was overtaking her .
tr	I	The next few days are hazy , and I do not remember leaving the hospital .
tr	O	Landon stopped to examine it , but she kept on .
tr	I	I stood where I didn 't think the fire would get me , and I had made a trail of gas from the bodies to outside .
tr	O	It hits too close to home , and the horror of discovering my little brother had been murdered in a similar fashion sweeps through me .
tr	I	He saw Grant talking with Alexis outside and his gaze swept in the same direction .
tr	I	These were not normal wombats , but it wasn 't normal behavior for the animals .
tr	I	I couldn 't stand her hating me , but I knew we couldn 't be together .
tr	O	I tried not to make eye contact with her and I glanced over at AJ instead .
tr	O	May not be the entire world , but St. Louis is gone for sure .
tr	O	The doctors said my wrist would heal , but the damage to my leg was bad .
tr	O	My voice came out impressively blase , as if the toy meant nothing , but my eyes stung .
tr	I	Hannah had never seen an animal look closer to being smug and the gray wolf snarled just then .
tr	I	A sudden calm settled over him but he didn 't know why .
tr	O	See me , all of me , not just fragments , and you will have your answers .
tr	O	He looked relaxed , but his eyes glinted dangerously .
tr	I	We still didn 't see her , but people started to gather near the soup kitchen door , waiting for it to open .
tr	O	Her body hums from the latest round of medication and she looks wearily at the handler near the door .
tr	I	There was no smirk and it wasn 't critical .
tr	I	The doors opened immediately , and the elevator was still on his level .
tr	O	His hands were steel belts around my wrists , his legs scissoring my ankles , and yet his demeanor was one of complete nonchalance .
tr	O	Perhaps it was Mrs. Oliver , but she was on her vacation .
tr	O	They had just settled down after their double dates and Kimberly was waiting for him in the next room .
tr	O	Channing looked disappointed , and I quickly walked away from him .
tr	O	It 's not going to be easy for me but I 'll give you what I can for now .
tr	O	Envy is a terrible emotion , but I 'm feeling it now .
tr	I	That was about as easy for him to do as it was me to keep smiling , but Jesse tried to keep from smiling .
tr	I	Cold did not bother her , and Adara was a winter child .
tr	I	There was no military discipline in his stride , no attention to his surroundings , but he had a rifle on his shoulders .
tr	I	I was told you were unavailable , but I tried to contact you then .
tr	I	She cut me off , but I drew a breath to plead my case .
tr	I	It wasn 't from the physical attraction that was still palpable in the air , but my pulse began to race .
tr	O	He entered the man 's room cautiously and the two engaged in idle conversation that lasted for a couple of hours .
tr	O	Her foot connected with my stomach , and all the air left my lungs .
tr	O	I looked around the beach and everything was as it should be .
tr	I	She must have already fallen into a deep slumber and she 'd been in bed when the girl appeared .
tr	O	She had a new calendar ready for the upcoming year on the corner of her desk , and he reached for that .
tr	O	Ashe had taken a bullet in his right arm and Tony had been hit twice in his left shoulder .
tr	O	Maria raised both her eyebrows at Andy and he nodded his head at her .
tr	O	She immediately spun around , but Cassidy couldn 't see anyone following .
tr	I	My life was bleeding out and I was cut open .
tr	O	She dialed Eric 's number , but no one answered .
tr	O	I take a seat in the sand , and Zeke sits down next to me .
tr	O	My fingers tighten on his shoulder , but I am afraid to move him .
tr	I	He was practical , but Bill wasn 't cynical .
tr	I	She did not , but then I stopped .
tr	I	She had no idea what time it was and the room was still dark .
tr	O	The voice stopped and the room returned to an almost eerie quiet , except for a muffled creak coming from somewhere in the walls .
tr	I	She tried not to let it show , but Shana was disappointed , too .
tr	I	She is not there , but the roof above me is black once more -- I reach over for Cherie .
tr	I	These were optimistic people who enjoyed a good wager for the fun of it , but it was rather wild speculation at the moment .
tr	I	I thought it was sweet , but it might seem odd that my boyfriend loved to paint my toenails .
tr	I	He swallowed , and his jaws worked under his skin .
tr	O	Finn gingerly touched the tiny fissures in the trunk of the large tree , and they immediately healed .
tr	O	His eyes narrowed and his face flushed .
tr	O	She laughs and I close my eyes , relishing the tranquil sound of it .
tr	O	Dining was certainly about great food , but it was also a social event .
tr	O	My chest squeezed as each face passed , and I struggled to draw in a breath .
tr	I	Today the sight before her eyes made her mouth water but she 'd thought he was sexy in his business suit .
tr	I	I haven 't had the freedom to run in longer than I can recall , but I 'm stronger .
tr	O	I want to ask him about his cryptic comments from last night but I 'm not sure I 'll ever find the best moment to do so .
tr	I	She pointed the muzzle of the gun at the desk , but Chloe wasn 't sure what he was going to do .
tr	O	The awful gurgling sound stopped , but Nick 's body still convulsed .
tr	I	Helen held onto to whatever was solid and the bed moved underneath her .
tr	O	They moved quickly , and he didn 't wait long before pushing for access to my mouth .
tr	O	His mouth stayed closed , and even though I 'd tasted him several times before , the mystery was killing me .
tr	O	The world started to fracture to black once again , but it was the last time .
tr	I	I was just trying to move on , but I know that I did the same thing to you after we broke up .
tr	I	Instead there was a feeling of flying , and she felt her fever was going away .
tr	O	The full moon was some days off yet , but its beauty still filled me .
tr	O	I notice that the crashes were getting much closer to the ground , and I know that once the trees catch on fire , everything explodes .
tr	O	If so , that would mean his erection was for her , and her alone .
tr	I	I grieve the loss of it , yet I can 't even define it .
tr	I	I drove past the gates , and he climbed in without comment .
tr	O	The result was that Elizabeth had opened this door for the One Beneath , and Nadia had very nearly been killed .
tr	O	The room had high ceilings but it was surprisingly small for the overall size of the house .
tr	O	I was retired once again and I liked the feeling .
tr	I	The offer to show us some of the country sounds good to me , and he 's certainly being friendly enough , considering we hardly know him .
tr	I	I tried not to smile as he messed up the phrase , and he grinned .
tr	I	They had to be there if the flashlight was on , but I didn 't see anyone within the room .
tr	I	What is this going to set me back , but you are one big thinker ?
tr	O	I held my hand out and she handed it to me .
tr	I	I find myself staring at his zipper instead and he turns .
tr	O	I think you 're wrong about Woods but I 've told you that .
tr	O	His face screwed up into a goofy grin and he shrugged .
tr	O	We looked up into the sky at the stars , twinkling , and the clouds skimming across them .
tr	I	She growled and my wolf 's ears perked up .
tr	I	Bod got out , and the large policeman opened the door .
tr	I	I joined in and she laughed .
tr	O	The trees cast sinister shadows across the lawn and the silence of the air chills my spine .
tr	O	We need protection on one side , or we 'll be dead before morning .
tr	I	I rub his neck and Star rests his chin on my shoulder .
tr	I	The chopper was now quickly approaching 400 miles per hour and suddenly there was a burst of speed .
tr	I	It warmed her all the way through and it was a look of pure pleasure .
tr	I	They 'd pulled over almost immediately , and he 'd held out his thumb , thankful that Zeus was with him .
tr	O	I have a life back in Chicago , and just because we have great sex doesn 't mean I 'll drop everything to be your groupie .
tr	I	I was so grateful and he yanked his shirt over his head .
tr	O	It was obvious he didn 't want to let her go , but Rachel couldn 't do this , couldn 't be a queen .
tr	I	It 's not bad , but my work isn 't the best .
tr	I	The storm kept the sound of his voice from reaching her , but he called out .
tr	O	I picked it up , examining it , but there was nothing to indicate what it was .
tr	O	There 's Clive of course , but he 's my second cousin .
tr	O	Mountains rose , and valleys dipped .
tr	I	I was suddenly self-conscious about my appearance , and Cohen stood silently studying me .
tr	I	The storm hadn 't let up yet and it was getting darker out .
tr	O	Somewhere out in space someone is playing this game , and some poor soul is forced to guess what the outcome of all this mixing will be .
tr	I	His eyes were on the trees and Grant 's rifle was in his skilled hands .
tr	O	My lungs expanded , threatening to burst , and just when I thought I couldn 't stand it any longer , my chest went soft .
tr	O	I look down from the store shelves and holding a doll clutched under her right arm is Victoria 's young sister Brianna .
tr	O	Since Liam had mostly kept to himself , he knew none of these new vampires , but he welcomed them with open arms .
tr	O	The elves had brought bright lanterns to the shore , and they sang a merry song as the party went across .
tr	O	He saw it and his tone softened .
tr	O	If not I will have to pour over the antique books and decide which to keep before selling the rest off at auction .
tr	O	He supposed he shouldn 't be so dismissive of a valuable business contact , but he had a more pressing matter to attend to .
tr	O	I wanted to remind him we weren 't technically married , but I left it alone .
tr	O	He had told her he loved her , and she had left him the next day .
tr	I	I wrapped my arms around his neck , wishing that a hug would give him even a little comfort and he let out a huge sigh .
tr	O	Her expression was as if she were starving , even lustful , and she hurried to it , stepping directly atop it .
tr	O	Anything to do with our mother drains me physically and I discovered I think better when I 'm sitting .
tr	I	This time Deb picked up after the third ring and Sera tried dialing again .
tr	I	He was a complete terror in the jousting lists , but his manners were exquisite .
tr	I	There will already be hundreds fleeing back , and we do not know how far the army have got .
tr	I	She ended flat against the wall , and he fell against her in a tight hug .
tr	I	We have to switch matter and we need their help because the energy supply is in low concentration .
tr	O	My fingers twitch as I try to reach the spot , but my arms don 't want to move .
tr	I	Paulina wants to come here and Louisa is getting married soon .
tr	I	It 's tiny , and as far as I can tell , this is the only motel in Baker .
tr	I	His head had an odd tilt to it , but he always threw a chin wave when we met .
tr	O	I 'm sorry it 's been so long since I prayed ... and I 'm sorry that I haven 't believed in you ... I. . .
tr	I	Those of us who were uninjured rode on at a brisk pace , hoping to cut our time , and frustrated , we finally split the party .
tr	I	Cain faced the wall , and the woman in the lobby looked up .
tr	O	She had never gone from early dawn to early afternoon and it was nearly impossible to continue .
tr	O	Edward 's horn glowed brighter , and Clint 's side became more liquid than flesh .
tr	O	It was too loud and before I knew it , I was leaning closer to him .
tr	I	We still stayed , and then he died .
tr	I	I liked to think she tried best she could , but there weren 't too much she could do as the wife of a weak lord .
tr	I	The pulse in his throat stayed steady , and his hands didn 't shake when he looked at her .
tr	O	It was either that , or the romantic myth of star-crossed lovers was true .
tr	O	One hit like that , and she 'd never recover .
tr	O	I want to leave right away , but Echo stops me .
tr	O	Their legs touched but neither of them bothered to move them throughout the whole meal .
tr	I	Kenzie spoke up , as if she 'd just figured it out , but I didn 't know what she was getting at .
tr	I	The other held a steaming cup of tea and one hand was extended to receive my coat .
tr	I	Now she saw he was utterly alone , yet she had always thought of him as being entirely self-sufficient .
tr	O	His gaze rested on the girl briefly , but he mentally shook his head .
tr	O	All of this Colin was going to finance and he didn 't care how much it cost .
tr	O	My travels were safe and everything was as planned .
tr	O	Colby gave me strict orders not to say anything to anyone about it , but I just couldn 't keep silent when I saw Evelyn .
tr	I	He was definitely fun to hang out with , but not that I was sure he was even interested that way .
tr	O	That was it and the argument was over between the two of them .
tr	I	Suddenly Reece came crashing out holding his left eye , and she heard someone running up the steps .
tr	O	She looked at me with a question in her eyes , and I wanted to tell her no .
tr	O	Slowly quiet chatter grew around us and everyone at our table seemed to move on .
tr	I	That could be makeup , but she was light-skinned with a tinge of red in her cheeks .
tr	O	Something in Mariah 's face had touched him , and he wanted to know why .
tr	I	It was getting closer , and it looked faster now .
tr	O	I know Ray was blackmailing you for money and he coerced you into stealing the prototype .
tr	I	She 'd started wearing her parka around the stables and there was frost on the ground when she came into work in the morning .
tr	O	I could see Kenny punch Colton 's arm and Colton shrugged his shoulders .
tr	I	Her mouth was suddenly dry but Elissa had just taken a large bite of toast .
tr	I	A single light fixture was fixed in the middle of the ceiling and the walls of the room were painted gray .
tr	O	Rick regretted that he 'd stooped that low , but Adam had been relentless .
tr	O	Just as I contemplate going over , someone tickles my ribs from behind and I almost break an ankle jumping in my clown heels .
tr	O	She had no answer to what the future held for her , but she knew what she needed in the present .
tr	O	One silhouette then the other sprang to their feet , and it appeared one was greater than the other was .
tr	I	He didn 't even raise his eyes to glare at her through his rimless , rectangular glasses , but she moved around the table to face him .
tr	I	Alicia Keys blasted over the stereo , and the DJ cranked up the music .
tr	O	Her head was killing her , and she felt ready to hurl .
tr	O	You give me the address and you don 't need to come .
tr	O	Normally , she stayed on top of the clerical stuff , but last week she 'd been too busy .
tr	I	I seemed pretty serious and he kept saying you .
tr	I	The glitter on the table sparkles , and the moon shines on the puzzle .
tr	O	A minute later they stopped in the middle of the parking lot , and Toby set the briefcase down in plain view of a security camera .
tr	O	Maybe the horses would have bolted another day or something else would have happened .
tr	O	I try to pull my hands down , but I 'm too late .
tr	I	He squelched it , but a wave of anger overcame him for a moment .
tr	I	Really , nobody had to , but nobody said what had been done to them .
tr	O	The Vicodin might numb his broken arm , but it wouldn 't soothe his broken heart .
tr	I	She felt a glow inside , but Jenny waved dismissively .
tr	I	People of his rank usually were just married off in ways that benefited the families , and he was of poor means .
tr	I	The official 's face started to turn amber , and the crowd gasped .
tr	I	Here you are offering everything , but I don 't deserve you .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but cool stone dug into her bare back .
tr	I	She was afraid to look at him again , afraid she might be swept away , and the heat radiated in the space between their bodies .
tr	I	Your mother will go to prison for not reporting your existence , and they 'll just shoot you like an animal .
tr	I	Then his eyes widened , but he started to speak .
tr	I	I was afraid to look up and I felt his eyes watching me .
tr	O	Her reluctance to volunteer anything made Newton curious , but he didn 't say anything .
tr	I	They were still about to wreak havoc , but they wouldn 't hit like fired bullets .
tr	O	He heard a groan from the shop and he looked over .
tr	O	She understood little of it , but instinctively she latched on to the mental strength flowing from Darius into her .
tr	I	She 'd deal with that another time , but she might regret her impulse tomorrow .
tr	O	By now the pipe had made it all around the room , and most people had written their responses to the questions .
tr	I	She did feel tired , with a weariness that was more spiritual than physical , but she no longer felt dizzy .
tr	I	It was big regional news , but I 'm from Wisconsin .
tr	O	That was five months ago and he made me crew chief in two months .
tr	O	She tried to reach over to his injured shoulder , but he twisted away again .
tr	I	I knew I was going to die , and it rushed me .
tr	O	I twist my face , sideways and then chop , chop , chop .
tr	O	They were cash drafts , and the signatures were perfect .
tr	I	Once more , my stomach tightened with worry that the Reapers had somehow captured Logan , like Vivian had claimed , but I didn 't say anything .
tr	I	I still wanted to congratulate him , but the news about the baby was hard on me .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop , but the shock of it tore me in two .
tr	O	As Altair entered , an imam was stepping up to deliver the funeral prayer and a hush had descended over the holy ground .
tr	I	I hated them , but I spent so much time with them .
tr	I	He feared that it was already too late for any systematic defence , but Ambrose heard muffled noises from the huts where his escort was quartered .
tr	O	Evie , I hadn 't known as well , but she had the good sense to love him .
tr	O	He only glanced up at us once , but I couldn 't read his expression though I knew he was worried -- anxious .
tr	O	It was one of the most erotic sounds I 'd ever heard , and I desperately wanted to remove the blindfold to see his expression .
tr	I	This dress would definitely make me stand out in the crowd , but Fletcher had taught me how to blend in with the shadows .
tr	O	He touched her nowhere else , just that single nipple , and he sucked strongly .
tr	O	The image was sharpening , and I saw a window .
tr	O	Nicholas looked at His Honor and both men were frustrated .
tr	O	The lift doors opened and Dave headed out first .
tr	O	They scoff , but I feel the tension leave the table .
tr	I	I 've got a lot more messages to get out before they shoot it down and we 're operating off an emergency satellite launch .
tr	I	He drank in the sight of her sleeping , and his thumb slipped off his BlackBerry .
tr	I	I offer the woman an apologetic smile before stumbling over my own feet as I hurry to keep up with Seth and he grabs my arm .
tr	I	I thank her , too , and Laura thanks her .
tr	O	The injection worked in coordination with an Imp , and Mac didn 't have an Imp .
tr	O	I went without saying the guy 's name for more than a year , and now I couldn 't stop myself .
tr	I	Everyone said it was very old , and it looked like the White House .
tr	O	Then he assured her that if she wanted to go home , he understood , and he would follow her .
tr	O	It was certainly nothing he 'd ever have to worry about , but he could see that the Captain 's dilemma was tearing him up .
tr	O	He tried to steady me , but I pulled away to move closer .
tr	I	He intended to hold off as long as possible , but she would eventually drag him inside .
tr	I	It was sapping their energy at a dangerous rate , and Zane knew it had gotten much colder than they had anticipated .
tr	O	He dismissed the other lads that they might clean up before their next class , but Jace he held after for a private dressing down .
tr	O	The room grew darker still , and it felt suddenly colder even though I was burning up inside .
tr	I	Again I took comfort in the distinct discomfort , and we settled back into the silence .
tr	I	His fingers are everywhere , but I twist in his arms .
tr	O	They are covered with slippery moss and they do not stick out far from the cliff .
tr	I	He held her in place , but she tried bucking up again .
tr	I	She guessed it had nothing to do with her , and it hurt Daisy to see him like this .
tr	I	I also wasn 't sure I didn 't , but I wasn 't sure I did , really .
tr	I	He loved Jack Reacher books as much as I did , and it turned out he was a big horror movie fan .
tr	O	Bullets pinged against the pavement behind me , but their presence no longer burned .
tr	I	His arms wound around me before I made it to my destination , but not playing coy about it , I headed straight for the bed .
tr	I	I opened it to find Vee smiling , and there was a knock at the front door .
tr	O	Harper could have had the worst taste in the world and I would have loved it regardless .
tr	O	Everyone had turned on me and she was upset about cookies ?
tr	I	She shook it off and a frown passed over her face .
tr	O	He knows what they say and it doesn 't matter , especially when they are trying to drag you down .
tr	O	It turned out Bryan and I were a good pair at a lot of things , including business partnerships .
tr	O	His eyes slid away from mine and he moved his hand , leaving mine lonely .
tr	O	He was in no mood to talk , and she knew it .
tr	O	The feeding of the poor had never been an easy task , but this time it was worse than ever .
tr	O	Mary Ann wished she could see her eyes , but they were hidden behind sunglasses .
tr	I	Remains of vendors ' carts were scattered across the rubble , and the wall of the station house was gone as well .
tr	I	In the next breath he was inside her , and Peter opened her thighs .
tr	I	It was too late , but she tried to duck .
tr	O	Something could happen to him and she would never know .
tr	O	All I wanted was for her to stop speaking and I was grateful when she finally did .
tr	I	It did go to the Spartan gym but the bus service was nowhere near The Woodlands .
tr	I	His arms wrapped around me , pinning me to him , and he made a sound in the back of his throat .
tr	O	The car passed and they glided forward again , this time stopping at the rear wall of Mack Ventures .
tr	I	Jasmine knew his recovery had more to do with the fact that he was finally at peace with himself , but they credited a strong constitution .
tr	I	I was not there , but I wake up on a bed , much like the one at Connie 's office .
tr	O	I hear a feminine scream amid the sounds of skin being struck and I know it 's not my girl .
tr	I	I am sure it wasn 't you , but I don 't know what caused him .
tr	O	The banging about grew louder as she became more worried , and Glen was sorry to put her through a futile search .
tr	O	He would make sure I wasn 't penalized for missing one class , and I knew he 'd still let me play .
tr	O	I wanted answers , and I wanted them before David changed his mind .
tr	I	He heard her stop , sand scattering at her feet , and Mimi was a step behind him .
tr	I	We hadn 't tried them against warlock magic , but in the trials , they were always accurate .
tr	O	I tossed the phone back on the table as if it was fire and I had just burned my hand .
tr	O	Her lips were slightly parted as Cage 's mouth came over hers , and oxygen seeped into her lungs .
tr	I	He was reluctant to let her out of his sight , but he didn 't know if it was the near fight with Jack Norton .
tr	O	Now he 's mine to look at , and he 's so gorgeous it makes my heart hurt .
tr	I	It was time to let my guard down , and I realized that whatever this meal was , we 'd both just ruined it .
tr	O	Harry 's eyelids fluttered , but he was otherwise unresponsive .
tr	I	My fingers get soaked and I 'm too late .
tr	O	The match was even and Bradford had the tee .
tr	I	Yet some of them probably had kids at home that they loved , but these men were choosing to kill millions .
tr	I	She deserved some answers and she was all grown-up .
tr	O	The flames coated around his shirt cuff , but somehow that material didn 't catch fire .
tr	I	His leg seemed worse , but his head was better .
tr	I	She had plenty of friends and she didn 't want rescuing .
tr	O	It would be the ultimate setting for an epic game of tag , but skeletons trying to tag him to death would limit the fun .
tr	I	I shall end this myself and I am losing my mind .
tr	O	One touch from him and she was on fire .
tr	I	I knew she was there but I couldn 't see her .
tr	O	Darcy looked more closely and her breath caught in her throat .
tr	I	Calvin couldn 't think from where but he seemed familiar .
tr	I	It didn 't come , although the temperature in the small room dropped slightly , but I braced myself for the explosion of some kind .
tr	O	I thought he was taking care of me because I was lonely , but it wasn 't that at all .
tr	O	Sometimes it was fascinating , but today it was just irritating .
tr	I	While she typed they talked about what she translated and he gave her his second notebook to work on .
tr	O	He took me by surprise , and I squealed a little bit .
tr	I	I can 't walk around with a target on my back , but he 's going to have to take responsibility for his life .
tr	O	I always tried so hard to reveal as little about myself as possible , yet Natalie appeared to know all my horrible secrets .
tr	I	The others was enough and pretending what she 'd felt for Harvey .
tr	I	You frown and your eyes narrow .
tr	I	He was assuming it was the latter , and he was probably recalling how she 'd told him she came from someplace hot .
tr	I	The Hub was plunged into darkness , and the lights went out .
tr	O	Make it here , at the house , and it should be okay .
tr	I	Yet she 'd never tried to get out , and her mother knew .
tr	I	It wasn 't as hostile as it had been , but her voice wasn 't warm .
tr	O	Gwen was up in her room and a priest was on his way .
tr	I	They had previously mixed the batter , which was now frying itself , being flipped automatically at the midpoint and the family owned a donut robot .
tr	O	First he gets injured , and then his father dies .
tr	I	I 'm scared it 'll be a full-blown infection by the wedding day , and the right one is feeling a little achy .
tr	I	At the same instant , the wolf lunged at his throat , and he stepped forward out of the tree .
tr	O	The shadow it cast made Frost 's skin look grey for a moment , and it frightened me .
tr	I	My panties were a lost cause , but I ran my hands over my skirt to smooth out the wrinkles .
tr	O	They were all casual touches and he was furious that she 'd learned a new game .
tr	I	It could hide nothing , but the concentration was tiring .
tr	O	Although he was grateful she obeyed him quickly , it was unlike her to do so without a comment on his arrogance , and that bothered him .
tr	I	She took some deep breaths , and she knew what he was looking at .
tr	I	She hadn 't really considered the consequences to his soul , but she knew it was difficult for him to wait to claim her .
tr	I	It will always come back , but it will leave you .
tr	O	They all have a stake in this , and I know they 'll want to help .
tr	I	That 's going to be all us Cowboys breaking into those facilities , and we 'll have to release the virus at several places all at once .
tr	I	I 'm not innocent , but you 're my first .
tr	O	This was not the friendly feeling of deja vu , but a smack a bitch in the face remembrance .
tr	O	Do this and she 'll leave me alone .
tr	O	I 'm not Travis , but I am his friend .
tr	O	I focused back on the TV and the bell rang again , three times in a row .
tr	O	I 'm sure he can find someone to look after him , and then we don 't have to worry about her meeting him .
tr	I	It has always ended badly but we have tried to hide fugitives in the past .
tr	O	The constitution of our country says that all men are created equal , but it 's a lie .
tr	O	Together we are tumbling down a hillside of desire , and it feels safe .
tr	I	If it 's a simple job , then I 'm good , but it 's only once a week , mostly like last night .
tr	I	What I really noticed was Walkers jaw dropping , but my father smiled .
tr	I	I shivered , and Tristan growled .
tr	O	Knowing she wasn 't and wanting her to acknowledge what they were doing .
tr	O	He was a vocal lover and his openness made her shameless .
tr	I	Every nerve in my eternal body burned , and Desperation flooded me .
tr	I	The heat of it seared through her , and he delved his tongue deeply inside her .
tr	O	She gives a nonchalant shrug , indifferent on the outside , but I can tell she 's hiding something on the inside .
tr	O	A soldier pulled a gun , and I lifted mine , squeezing off a round .
tr	O	He can see his future in her eyes , but his past won 't let him go .
tr	O	The sled was designed to make it easier to drag victims , and one of the vampires dragged this sled behind him .
tr	I	He is still holding me against the wall but he lowers his eyes to mine .
tr	O	He 'd asked , but she let on like nothing was wrong .
tr	I	He stopped trying to please me , and eventually my mood seeped into him .
tr	I	I couldn 't see his ugly beard sticking out anywhere , but I looked wildly all over the room for Mr. Marlin .
tr	I	He kept his temper , but his eyes suddenly flared .
tr	I	I went down to the reception very quietly , trying to not think too much of some consequences and I closed the door in my way back .
tr	O	The end was in sight , but it was still rough .
tr	I	Her alone , and somehow , the Princess had spotted her amongst this vast crowd , singling her out amongst so many to smile at her .
tr	I	He couldn 't get enough traction on either highway to regain control but their singular wheel slowed their speed with each bite of warped asphalt .
tr	I	They reeked , but the things were not only ugly .
tr	I	Now he is here , and my son was gone .
tr	O	She was disconnected , and losing her grip .
tr	I	I mean in the football sense , but well , that goes without saying .
tr	O	Something was taking over my body and I couldn 't do anything to stop it .
tr	O	The entire squad is and I haven 't been able to get hold of him .
tr	I	She curled her legs around his waist , and her touches became more frantic .
tr	I	He lifted her up and she took his hand .
tr	I	We didn 't have many of those left together , and it was an hour with my mother that I would never get back .
tr	I	He surprised me after two minutes by taking a quick right , but I expected him to keep going till he got to his gated community .
tr	O	The first of the English settlers named them Drifters , and the moniker stuck .
tr	O	I never believed I would want to get married again , but Chloe has changed that for me too .
tr	I	I 've learned that some scars run deep , but she 's blossomed quite a bit since then .
tr	O	I can hear the devastation in her voice and it pricks my heart .
tr	O	I think I screamed , but I could not fly .
tr	I	I convinced her to keep at it , but she 'd planned to quit before the third session .
tr	O	The girl continued to sob , but she managed a whisper as Pete rose to his feet .
tr	O	His expression was hard to read , but it quickly went blank .
tr	I	Even the insects were mysteriously calm as though something unnatural stifled them and there were no birds that called from the trees .
tr	I	Everyone in the cavern leans in to hear what is about to be said , and Lennox asks .
tr	O	Both buildings were done in a dark , almost black wood stain that both stood out and blended beautifully with the rugged mountain terrain surrounding the property .
tr	O	She wanted to go with him , but her sudden fear held her back .
tr	O	The heavy rain clouds lifted and it started pouring .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to be happy about it and everyone would know .
tr	O	During the operation , all the wires had been hooked up , but they were not working now .
tr	I	She didn 't understand why but Laci was nervous .
tr	O	Her fingernails dug into the back of my neck , and I was hard almost instantly .
tr	I	She knew how to defend herself and she was twenty-four years old .
tr	I	There was no real cheer but it was a great victory .
tr	O	The air was scented with an aroma she had never smelled before , but she inhaled in an attempt to take it deep into her lungs .
tr	O	I 've been so busy with work and Caroline has to take care of the boys .
tr	O	I felt guilty that she was going through so much and I wasn 't there for her .
tr	O	She answers with a smiley face and I 'll be there in five .
tr	O	I move out of his way and he walks out the door in his towel , like he 's not embarrassed at all .
tr	I	She laced up Tara 's , and Cassy turned around when her dress was secure .
tr	I	I stood , trying to make a run for it and he screamed .
tr	I	The world faded away , and she felt Tyler 's soft lips curve against hers .
tr	I	I stood there for a moment longer staring at the bed and she disappeared around the corner .
tr	I	She wore it even when the sun was shining , and her favorite raincoat had a Dora the Explorer patch on the sleeve .
tr	I	They fell to her ankles and he yanked her panties down her legs .
tr	I	His mind was screaming for him to get back behind a tree and for a second he was petrified .
tr	O	Chapter 22 Narrative continued For the moment Jack Blackwood has bested me , but perhaps that will change .
tr	I	Even Royce was not proof against it , and it was the highest of royal compliments .
tr	O	She burrowed into his shoulder , and Jackson felt the tug of jealousy .
tr	I	I walked amongst them and Trees were still around .
tr	O	She did not know if he knew she had the rifle but chances were he did .
tr	O	She couldn 't admit this to anyone , but everyone at Calvary suspected it .
tr	I	For a moment the sheer size of it took his breath away , and now they were above the main battle , which raged below them .
tr	O	He smiled , and those deep little dents puckered in both cheeks .
tr	I	When I opened the door to unstick the bell I realized they could , but I thought things could not get any worse .
tr	I	Really I was trying to figure out what exactly she was doing here , but I nodded .
tr	I	He struggled to get his breath and his chest ached from the impact .
tr	O	The stalks were especially tall , and I was lost amid the dense foliage .
tr	O	Cain wouldn 't let anything bad happen to her , but he couldn 't fault her for being afraid .
tr	O	It popped open a second later and Brady stood silhouetted in the doorway .
tr	O	I gestured toward the couch and we went to sit down .
tr	I	Satin curtains were hung from inside to give privacy to the occupant and the cab was dressed in a blue velvet substance .
tr	O	He sucked on my neck as he moved deeper into me , and I felt him let go .
tr	I	I can see the person getting closer and there are people yelling in the distance .
tr	O	True , most of the residents would rather not be here , but they had stopped asking for their freedom .
tr	I	It swung open with ease and Bastian pushed against the door .
tr	O	Parker 's grin widened , and he sipped his brandy .
tr	O	Millie sat for a while just thinking , and flashes of guilt flitted across her face , only to be replaced by a look of pure defiance .
tr	O	He knew this land , these trees , and he knew where the blind spots were .
tr	O	He was still alive however , but his life was fading quickly .
tr	O	I quickly changed back into my clothes , paid for the dress , and we headed back to campus .
tr	I	He knew this one wasn 't right , but he couldn 't remember his own voice .
tr	I	It was only a moment before Fila began to move again , but there was a moment of surprised pain which made Ned stop altogether .
tr	O	He listened closely and in the quiet of the forest he could hear a sound that seemed like it was coming from inside the shack .
tr	O	He would have done it regretfully , but he would have done it .
tr	I	He 's an instant too late , but he reaches for me .
tr	O	It had his personal cell on it , and he 'd left instructions for me to call at any hour if I remembered anything .
tr	O	she cried , but then she felt Jonah 's hand at the small of her back .
tr	O	As I took on another , I glanced over at Thornton , who stunned a beast with his weighted fist and Morrow ran it through .
tr	O	Oh sure , he was in his office , but he made no effort to acknowledge our presence .
tr	O	She also made new friends , but their beliefs were the same as hers , convenient Christianity .
tr	O	Security guards shooed the paparazzi away , but the damage had already been done .
tr	O	Her father 's eyes drifted shut , but he opened them again with apparent effort .
tr	I	Mike just shrugged , but I rolled my eyes .
tr	I	She touched it wistfully , and she fastened the locket her father had given her at age ten around her neck .
tr	I	The sword hit the fence , breaking it in two , and they managed to jump aside in time .
tr	I	He knew he was safe , but waves lapped gently over him , soaking him .
tr	I	She saw where she was and Sebastian moved his hands away from her eyes .
tr	I	I 'm preparing to go back home and it 's getting close to the holidays .
tr	I	I 'm just so relieved , but I know I should care .
tr	O	The leg folded sideways , and he toppled to the ground , almost pulling Shane down with him .
tr	O	He didn 't so much as look away from the television screen when she entered the living room , and Lindy paused , anticipating the worst .
tr	O	I had plenty of money to float us for as long as necessary , but I hated sitting around , doing nothing all day .
tr	O	I was tired right then , but I wasn 't saying that .
tr	O	Only a handful seemed to care about learning , and more than a few were fundamentally illiterate .
tr	O	She shouldn 't have turned , but she did .
tr	O	There were very few children , and if the Captain had had his way , there would have been none .
tr	O	There was the smallest ledge against the building , and I could practically see his brain working .
tr	O	Her breath was ragged and her body numb from fear .
tr	O	He smiled at me but I still felt bad .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed dangerously and Nick placed his hands on his hips .
tr	I	She rolled her eyes and I looked at Katie .
tr	O	Your pathetic fathers will be forgotten , and all your kin will die as slaves !
tr	O	I looked up at her and she smiled at me .
tr	O	I passed the cat back into his arms , still unsure , but feeling a little calmer .
tr	I	She was still unconscious but he tried to nudge Julie with his bare foot .
tr	I	On the way back , we got a flat , but it was only supposed to be a day trip .
tr	I	That disappointed me , and Thirteen I slept through the helicopter ride .
tr	I	He continued to fret about Titian 's absence , and he thought she was still a child .
tr	I	It wasn 't one of the ones that were in style and her white hair was up in a messy ponytail .
tr	I	More importantly , he didn 't like losing to me , but he didn 't like losing .
tr	O	It had always been stiff to open , and he had always intended to fix it .
tr	O	Rupert was staring at her with wide eyes , and Harriet was dry mouthed .
tr	O	Her eyes flit toward the rearview mirror , and for a split second , they meet yours .
tr	I	Since his agonized attempt to talk to her , the feeling was even stronger than before , and nothing mattered except him .
tr	O	She gave him her innocent face , but he was no fool .
tr	I	Julie 's client was heading out , too , and Mabel had slipped out for a few minutes .
tr	I	It 's nothing I can 't live with , but my chest still hurts .
tr	O	I lifted my eyes to meet his and a slow sexy smile instantly eased my mind .
tr	I	She could still see them struggling on the ground , but Chloe couldn 't see them clearly with the wolves guarding them .
tr	I	It 's Jarvis who 's the most impressed , but Echo 's eyebrows go up .
tr	O	She said jump and I said where , how high , how long , and how fast can I do your bidding ?
tr	O	Shame to cover up such a fine view , but he 'd make certain to see it again .
tr	I	Scared to mess with them , and amazed at their powers .
tr	I	Soul felt her head spin as she tried to understand what they were and most of what she read were a complicated series of numbers .
tr	O	He 'd been lax these past few months and his return to weightlifting had left him drained .
tr	O	She wasn 't an expert at disguise like her character Maxie Malone , and she certainly didn 't have Maxie 's resources .
tr	O	He could probably hear me , but he never came back out .
tr	I	William called for her to come in , and she knocked on the door .
tr	I	His perfectly proportioned physique filled it with superb class , but every man looked good in a formal dress suit .
tr	O	I 'm hoping that distraction will hold , but I guess my wishes carry no weight .
tr	O	He remembered kissing Sasha the night before , and then the most extraordinary feeling took over .
tr	I	His steady stare burned with intensity , and all tangible expression left his features .
tr	I	Joe took a quick step back , and Clay arched an eyebrow at Joe .
tr	O	She participated , but I was not getting anywhere .
tr	O	Her clothes were a bit loose , but with her aptitude for style she cleverly disguised it .
tr	O	It would appear in my dream , as if it was truly happening , and I would end up yelling for Sienna to run .
tr	O	I hand him my chronometer and he uses a set of micro screwdrivers to remove the back .
tr	O	After she gave you your bracelet she walked back to our house but I couldn 't .
tr	O	I pull the curtain back and there is definitely a towel there .
tr	O	Stars swam before my eyes , but I tried to wait out the torrential wave like Finn had taught me .
tr	O	The love they shared still surprised him , and it scared him at the same time .
tr	I	The bar crowd was thinning and it was late Sunday night .
tr	I	She left him in solitude but normally Amy would have followed Danny like his shadow .
tr	O	I felt a tingle in the air , and the bottle 's contents turned to gold .
tr	I	There was a frown on his face , and he kept sending her looks as he drove .
tr	O	Now his hairline was receded and his crew cut was gray .
tr	I	He had to see with his own eyes that Claire was really gone , but the manager had gone in .
tr	I	I thought I was busted , and he glanced up at me .
tr	O	She raised her right hand suddenly and they flinched .
tr	O	This was Finn , and I was me .
tr	I	The feeling of being trapped in that water lifted enough that I could breathe and the very air around her was utterly serene .
tr	I	Darius got in and the doors slid open .
tr	O	I could feel myself getting really nervous and the smile on my face didn 't seem to want to go away .
tr	I	His jaw clenched and his eyes were concrete grey .
tr	O	She was ready to hit him for the statement she was just a loony running around in a costume , but she paused .
tr	I	I smoothed them back down , but it raised my hackles a bit .
tr	I	To most people it was basically the same thing , but in all actuality , most of them were millionaires .
tr	O	He was clearly sincere , and both women were trapped .
tr	O	They were set on the same frequency , and tuned into each other with an ease that was almost eerie .
tr	I	I saw a faint smile and she pulled her phone out .
tr	I	Jeff paid her and she set it down .
tr	O	I reached forward , fumbling purposefully with the lock , and when metal bit harder into my skin , I slid the window open .
tr	I	The faint voices of the tower guards were audible , and lights flashed across the black sky .
tr	O	Years passed and both died .
tr	I	Now they see our standards and they have heard that the French were coming .
tr	I	She saw the danger in his eyes and he turned her in his arms .
tr	O	She 'd been gone almost two years , and I still wished I could talk to her .
tr	O	We can share it , tolerate each other , and we are not permanently forcing our will over our surroundings .
tr	I	Steven stayed behind to continue the arduous process of waking up , but he got out of the car to go get coffee .
tr	I	He could not show fear , but he was close enough to the witches , perhaps , for them to hear him .
tr	O	An engine starts up and I see a station wagon backing out of the garage .
tr	O	The cage looked secure enough , but I didn 't want to get him excited .
tr	O	They still have some ammo , and they vastly outnumber the enemies .
tr	I	Nothing happened , but I waited for him to unzip it .
tr	I	She stepped out from behind the partition , and Mabel had heard the bell on the door jingle .
tr	O	The movement of a young girl caught his attention and he turned his head without slowing his pace .
tr	I	I knew he was probably hanging on by a string , and his eyes were wild with desire .
tr	O	The fifth cycle had all teams using the improvised tool and the cores were ready in only a third of the time .
tr	I	It is one I can afford , but it is a small enough punishment .
tr	O	If you want something to happen to someone in particular , you take an item from them and you can use that as a focal point .
tr	I	That 's when he stood , too and she got closer to him .
tr	O	He never has and he never will .
tr	I	She still wasn 't sure why he wasn 't angry with her but her hands were gripping his shoulders .
tr	I	The light of zeal shone in their eyes , but they were weary .
tr	I	Later , I wondered if he was talking about his incarcerated mother , but I was too caught up in my own joy at the time .
tr	O	I had taken it to my mechanic a couple of other times for a diagnosis of the problem but it could never be duplicated at the shop .
tr	O	He didn 't know what her wish was , but his was to have his way with her .
tr	O	The other guy hesitated and she could tell he was starting to cave to his friend 's wishes .
tr	O	It dripped a little as he did so and they promptly stepped back again .
tr	O	Misty drew in a breath , prepared to tell him to stop , but the words didn 't come .
tr	O	Before she knew what was happening , he 'd reversed their positions and he was the one kneeling between her legs .
tr	O	Of course she was a little worried but she was the tough one ; the one who 'd been to jail .
tr	O	I really do want to learn it , but today my focus is elsewhere .
tr	O	I understood that he thought he wasn 't the Hunter he had been , and he had doubts about his leadership .
tr	I	I feel like she was ... but she said she wasn 't .
tr	I	The truth was that he was happy being alone , but he knew the old women of the village mourned for his apparent loneliness .
tr	I	She didn 't need to dump her problems on Helen , but Kylie answered , which was a bit of a lie .
tr	O	He was breathing , but he was unconscious .
tr	I	He was going for it , and he had made his decision .
tr	O	The room brightened and they looked around .
tr	I	Courtney always wants one , but I shake my head .
tr	I	I wanted to surprise Colt , but it was after midnight .
tr	O	He gave another tug , but the appendage remained attached to him , pulling tight , creating the most wondrous pain .
tr	O	A great suction drew all the air from her lungs , and Chelsea couldn 't seem to inhale any to replace it .
tr	O	The light turned green and they started to move .
tr	I	His options shrank again and Judge Harkin glanced about .
tr	O	The lyrics to his favorite Metallic song filled his media room , but they did nothing to distract him from his thoughts .
tr	I	I must speak with you , but I know it 's not during school hours .
tr	I	She felt herself soften inside , and it reminded her of the words she 'd read , dreamer 's words .
tr	O	I had time , and I 'd get the answer some day .
tr	I	I was going to try my best to change that , but I knew they didn 't get the whole God thing .
tr	I	I look around for some comfort and I say .
tr	O	I may be present physically for all my classes , but it doesn 't do me one bit of good .
tr	I	Before we sat , Cherry spoke up but we all gathered around the presentation .
tr	O	A hand cupped her cheek and he tilted her head back .
tr	O	The whir of the fan cut in on his musing , and he ran a hand down her thigh .
tr	O	He seemed oddly familiar , but she couldn 't place how she knew him .
tr	O	Berne tried to insist but I merely walked away with my money on the table .
tr	I	He was so wasted he couldn 't even do anything about it but it woke him up .
tr	O	Morgan headed out the door with a smile on her face , but by the time she reached the bunkhouse she was frowning again .
tr	O	Tim didn 't move and his dark eyes burned into hers .
tr	O	I was strong for my age , and I 'd been in a lot of fights .
tr	I	His short blond hair was cropped low and he had the most vibrant blue eyes I 'd ever seen .
tr	I	For once his smile didn 't reach his eyes and Luke stood .
tr	I	He was promptly shown the accreditation and the appearance of Timothy Westlake took several minutes .
tr	O	We walked down the planks to the boat , and my eyes widened .
tr	I	It felt as though I 'd been traveling toward her for years , but the journey took seconds .
tr	I	The sheets pooled in their laps , and he sat up .
tr	O	She tried to put her hands on his shoulders , but they slid limply off .
tr	O	Give me a few minutes to shower and I 'll fix you something here .
tr	O	It bounced down hard and the back wheels slid across the ground , losing traction .
tr	O	It 's a long shot , but there is a chance that this gem may contribute to finding a cure .
tr	I	I 'm not sure he knew why , but Little Symeon began to howl .
tr	O	She looked like someone from the east of our world and her bronzed skin glowed in the light .
tr	I	He quickly tucked them into the pocket on the back of his shorts and I tossed Blake some gloves .
tr	I	It happened to be the two closest people she knew , and the first time she 'd seen someone dead .
tr	O	Someone might connect the baby I 'm raising to him , and then her fears would be realized .
tr	I	Her pleasure was in his hands , and she couldn 't touch her clit .
tr	O	Rich spoke as well , in that same foreign language , and the beam of his flashlight made rainbows in her eyes .
tr	O	The rest of us had made our own mental compromises , and in some cases I suppose they were fairly odd .
tr	I	Kat let herself get lost in it , and it was the hungriest kiss she 'd ever known .
tr	I	They never expected to be denied access to their own son 's wedding , and his well-connected parents were not used to being excluded from high-profile events .
tr	I	They contrasted so well with his black hair and that 's the color of Elliott 's eyes .
tr	I	He did , but he never thought it would be possible to love like that again .
tr	O	It 's more comfortable than I remember , or maybe I 'm just feeling really cooperative .
tr	O	Part of her wanted to say yes , but the other part of her wanted to wait a little bit .
tr	I	She could not tell where the blades landed , and the men slammed together with a loud crash .
tr	O	My world would always revolve around Maggie May Young but I desperately needed to become the guy who wouldn 't fall apart without her .
tr	O	I 'd been snagged by River nymphs before , and I wasn 't much interested in another round .
tr	I	I shook my head and he offered it in the palm of his hand .
tr	O	His grip loosened and he fell a little , tangling around the rope even more .
tr	O	He needed some financial help a few years back and I loaned him some money .
tr	O	One tested the tire with his foot , but it sagged almost flat under his weight .
tr	O	We hit a late twenty stage and that 's it for eternity .
tr	O	I grumbled , and he shrugged .
tr	O	Grace Bloomfield had died of cancer almost four years ago , and the grief had shaken Valerie 's well-ordered life .
tr	I	I swear I felt her eyes follow me until I was out of sight , but I didn 't look back as I left the restaurant .
tr	I	The name meant nothing to Stacy , but Recognition sparked in Candace 's eyes .
tr	I	I glanced at him and he took my hand .
tr	O	Immediate family only , and that was enough for the time being .
tr	O	He 'd never even given me a chance , and now I was the one getting the blame .
tr	O	I knew I 'd fallen for the oldest trick in the book , but I didn 't much care .
tr	O	He 'd have had to get his hands dirty himself and usually he ordered others to do his most unsavory tasks .
tr	I	I entered the tiny space and IV Historia made room for me .
tr	O	His eyes came immediately back to mine and I forgot about my saccharine induced mortification .
tr	O	He 'd lied to me , and he was missing .
tr	I	The headline had been written in bold letters , but the fine details of it had been hazy .
tr	I	He heaved himself backward through the doors , pulling me up with him and his thin fingers entwined with mine .
tr	O	A low moan filled the air , and she realized it was coming from her .
tr	I	I try not to be a useless spoiled son of a wealthy man , but I know I am the spoiled son of a wealthy man .
tr	O	We shook hands , but my eyes were glued on her .
tr	O	You can 't fight them , and you can rarely join them .
tr	O	I see some of them wearing Collars , and I know they 're Shifters .
tr	I	There was no stopping it this time , but the lump in my throat was back .
tr	O	Riordan shut the door behind me and I heard the key turn as he padlocked it .
tr	O	I remember getting stuck under the force of the wave , not being able to breathe and I was sure that I was going to die .
tr	I	The terrible nightmares invaded and I merged with her repeatedly to spare her suffering when she was alone .
tr	I	I think I 'll save us both time by just asking them , and I have two questions .
tr	I	Matt wasn 't there , but the door was unlocked .
tr	I	Edwards , looking relieved to understand his mission , began to lead us downhill , and Tolliver gestured to the woods .
tr	I	I had to leave , but I don 't think my ex-husband wanted the divorce .
tr	I	They all thought she had it made , and they knew she was her father 's sole heir .
tr	I	She walked towards him , and it was the earl .
tr	O	Catherine , I need you to help me up so we can get back and I can change before the children wake .
tr	O	He probably was around my age , and he was definitely not my type .
tr	O	I needed to sort out everything that happened and I knew that I wouldn 't be able to do that with him so close .
tr	I	He picked up and his phone buzzed .
tr	O	He addressed the driver quietly and steadily , his slurred speech from earlier seemingly disappeared .
tr	I	Shotgun rejoined them , and pebbles grinding under foot interrupted their conversation .
tr	I	She pushed the feeling aside , and disappointment swam in at her .
tr	I	It was the last one I wanted to hear again , and I would have recognized that voice anywhere .
tr	I	It attractively framed her face , and she had curled the long , brown locks on the side of her head that still had hair .
tr	O	It was past ten , and the streets were bare except for those people who lived on them .
tr	O	He knew that some of it was attraction , but this feeling was something different .
tr	O	I had my doubts , but what could I do ?
tr	O	The door doesn 't budge , but the rod breaks in two .
tr	I	He disappeared , but Kevin was supposed to be here with us .
tr	O	He was desperately in love with Brielle Storm , and whatever he had to do to prove that to her he would do .
tr	I	Every day he proved it , and he was nothing like her .
tr	I	I failed to ask if I should do it but I always knew that I could do it .
tr	O	Sometimes family tendencies can skip a generation , or a brother may inherit a characteristic which a sister doesn 't get .
tr	I	Her unruly hair gave her a frazzled look , and the woman 's face showed a smudge of darkness under each eye .
tr	I	Surveyed his herd and * * * Brant reined Sugar to a halt on a rise .
tr	O	When I woke , the sun was streaming in through the opened limousine windows and the car was pulled over to the side of the road .
tr	I	She loved horses , and she was too young .
tr	I	He hurt too much to stand , but Ren tried to push himself up .
tr	I	Gestures for us not to move and he holds his hands out .
tr	O	The men had helped out with most of the cleanup and she didn 't mind doing the last bit herself .
tr	I	I couldn 't let this special day go by without a separate celebration , but we had said we 'd have a joint celebration at the Crypt .
tr	I	They all seemed to be talking about one thing : the men that had broken into my dorm room and people ran around with papers .
tr	O	If I go , I 'll have to see her with her lipstick sucked off her face , and I really don 't want to .
tr	O	A young couple came up behind us and I pulled aside to let them pass .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure , but I saw his dilemma .
tr	O	I almost missed it , but out of the corner of my eye I caught movement .
tr	O	When Ewan returned the blade to her skin , she went rigid against Alaric and a whimper escaped her lips .
tr	O	Evelyn hung back to have a few last words with Diana , and Colby took the opportunity to walk out onto the porch with GO .
tr	I	I didn 't eat much breakfast , and it 's just a little warm .
tr	O	Cas appears next to us and Dallas starts in our direction .
tr	O	There will be Sentinel mixed in with them and they will have guns that can kill you .
tr	I	I think we 've gone beyond that now , and our friendship has always been important to me .
tr	I	It worried me , but Sounded innocent enough .
tr	I	Both need assistance and as in two groups that didn 't arrive together .
tr	O	He punched a few more buttons , and twenty-six names popped onto the screen .
tr	I	She sighed happily at being alone , and Sage was out as Teagan expected .
tr	I	I hauled her out , and she reached to me .
tr	I	Later I saw you pull up to the office , and the principal seemed a little worried about you .
tr	I	He was more confident now than ever that he 'd made the right choice and he 'd always admired Haley 's quick wit .
tr	O	She didn 't know what , but it was nothing good .
tr	I	Now , the ball is in your court , and he 's goading you with the backyard crap .
tr	I	I twisted out of his grip , but his hand closed on my arm .
tr	O	To say good-bye and to offer him a way to escape with her .
tr	I	We pushed it to the back of the elevator , out of the way , and I got out of the wheelbarrow .
tr	O	He wasn 't perfect , but he wasn 't all bad , either .
tr	O	Time was running out and they still had a long way to go .
tr	I	I knew it , and I was reckless .
tr	I	His breathing came in short spurts , and the heavy smoke made it impossible for him to open his eyes .
tr	I	My voice falters , and my throat burns .
tr	O	I realize tomorrow is Saturday , but I need to get up to speed on it as soon as possible .
tr	I	Jonah had the wheel , but they 'd taken her car because they hadn 't wanted a change to alert Butch that the police might be involved .
tr	I	It rested on five wooded acres at the end of a cul-de-sac , but the house was modest in size .
tr	I	I watched them head to the orchard and a flat screen formed on the wall .
tr	I	He could tell that she was confused , but the boy wasn 't sure what she had tried to conveyed .
tr	O	His fingers tightened around mine and I felt his body stiffen .
tr	I	Nerves darkened her eyes , and her smile flickered .
tr	I	I wondered if he could even open it , and an ugly , purplish bruise marred his left eye .
tr	I	They were the reason we were here , but I should have had the rest of my family to lean on in a moment like this .
tr	O	The shotgun lay not far from where he 'd fallen , and Diego scooped it up as he walked toward the jeep .
tr	O	His pale young queen hovered near death , and she silently demanded absolute fidelity from her champion .
tr	O	I tried to keep the panic out of my face , but it must have been evident , because the guard laughed as he turned back .
tr	O	They passed near the Enchanted Garden , and when Electra told him her family had restored the garden , Eric hurried inside .
tr	O	Sandra grabbed the other leg and they pulled .
tr	O	Her legs were shaky as she stumbled to her pants and she almost toppled as she crouched to pull the phone from their pocket .
tr	I	I really need you to focus and I 'm sure the travel time will be short .
tr	I	I looked at the sun in confusion , and my neck burned from where the needle had punctured it .
tr	I	You 'll get stronger , but you sound so weak .
tr	I	There would be no peace , just an emptiness filling his soul but he too would remember this time .
tr	I	It almost seemed like he 'd done it to distract me , and it was the first time he 'd touched me on purpose .
tr	O	The phone fell from her fingers as she spun around , but the man there was cloaked in shadows .
tr	I	She averted her eyes , her hand hovering half an inch over Nicholas 's , and Henry gave Ava a curious look .
tr	O	Cassidy 's rising need surprised her , but she didn 't move her hand .
tr	I	They staggered in a peculiar kind of unison , and the three of them had their arms about one anothers ' shoulders .
tr	O	Time will tell if this drug was too late to help my wife , but I 'm told it shows great promise .
tr	O	Shane started to speak , but Eric signaled him quiet .
tr	I	My friends stay out of trouble and she cares enough to help me .
tr	I	He didn 't let go , but Georgie pushed away from him .
tr	I	She put her hands on her hips and Giselle flipped her hair out of her face .
tr	I	Then he went still , and his body jerked once .
tr	I	It was in vain but Renton tried to intervene .
tr	O	If I kept my nose to the trail , I 'd find my mom , but Malcolm had to think I 'd given up .
tr	I	It was just us , but wildly I looked around , hoping my mother would appear .
tr	I	She had been guiding him into the shelter when the building had collapsed and both his parents had been killed by the attack .
tr	O	The disappointment in his eyes vanished and a sexy twinkle took its place .
tr	I	He lay back on my bed , and a throaty chuckle filled my room .
tr	O	I don 't respond and he lets me go .
tr	O	Maggie 's eyes go wide , and then she relaxes .
tr	I	They began to move away , and one of their shadows seemed to climb the other .
tr	O	I expected her to break into a song , but instead it was Jimmy 's turn to talk .
tr	I	She continued to scream until the carriage came to a jarring halt , throwing her to the floor , and he ignored her completely .
tr	O	Derrick puts the car in gear and we are off .
tr	O	They may track her down one day , but we 'll keep an eye on things .
tr	I	She filled it to capacity out of habit , and the stainless-steel container held five servings .
tr	I	Her eyes were big and Zoe 's mouth opened .
tr	I	She moved closer to the railing as though averse to his touch , but he reached for her gloved hand .
tr	O	They walk over and Lily eyes Cole .
tr	O	We thought hunting you or one of your colleagues would be harder .
tr	O	We smell evil and we are driven almost madly to attack it , destroy it .
tr	O	Antonietta experienced her sexual reactions from touch , but he had all of his senses .
tr	O	The arrow flew but it just hit the ground not the limb .
tr	I	That didn 't mean she couldn 't be affected by it , but Dagmar stil couldn 't see anything .
tr	O	Okay , it would , but this was bad enough .
tr	I	In the morning , the kicking never started , but he crashed on the floor , as he always did .
tr	O	It sagged open , and he disappeared inside .
tr	O	There is a book I brought on this trip , and I can start it tonight .
tr	O	The rink opened and the kids swarmed inside .
tr	I	I made a deal , but they would have caught us .
tr	O	He arched a brow , and I shook my head .
tr	O	Jimmy slammed his foot into his waist once more , but he felt no joy at seeing Eustace 's pain .
tr	O	She cringed and Shelby seemed to realize she 'd said too much .
tr	I	She sensed he needed reassurance as much as she did , and his touch was comforting .
tr	I	I decided to end it at that , but I didn 't know what that meant .
tr	O	I held out my bowl and Helena kept pouring .
tr	I	You have detained one of our cadets but we were willing to leave .
tr	I	I 'm so happy you are here , but I didn 't get a chance to know you well .
tr	I	His legs went weak and dizziness invaded the hunter 's head .
tr	I	It took every piece of self-control she possessed not to launch into a screaming fit and Amanda 's entire body shook from terror .
tr	I	Douglas felt that any responsible guardian should have long since returned , preferably around six and the children were all in bed .
tr	O	I flip through it , and after settling on an arbitrary page of my jump entries , I pretend to be reading numbers on it .
tr	O	Something told Maya that now wasn 't the time to ask questions , but as the minutes turned to hours Maya was reaching her physical limit .
tr	I	He studied the sky and his head snapped up .
tr	O	She was good at reading people , and in that moment I knew there was something to be read from Riley .
tr	I	It wasn 't rough as she rode him , and he moved inside her .
tr	I	We hopped over the debris on the way to the door and she nodded .
tr	O	Now that the commotion was over , his wife began fussing over him , but her eyes never left Angelina .
tr	O	Mac never rested on his laurels and Cal certainly doesn 't .
tr	O	He took the sudden change in subject without blinking , but when he spoke it was through clenched teeth .
tr	I	The second group is probably right , but the first group is wrong ( I hope ) .
tr	I	Some say they don 't and some cops say they work .
tr	I	She was already mine , but I hadn 't even had her in that way yet .
tr	O	I turn away so I don 't have to look , but I still hear the sickening sound of her body against pavement .
tr	O	His uniform was crisp and the lines were straight .
tr	O	Allow one person to be exempted from death and everyone else feels victimized in the worst way .
tr	O	* * * Jamie watched Chase grip his shaft by the base and gently probe her anus .
tr	I	That means she has a terrible choice to make , and Lucy is like me .
tr	O	All types of good luck charms were worn , and many a man had a small talisman hidden away on his person .
tr	O	He claimed that he 'd had a vision of danger , but really he was afraid .
tr	O	Kicking open the door , rain splattered down and I was instantly wetter .
tr	I	Now there was an excited flush to my cheeks , but it was still just my same old face looking back at me .
tr	I	Now they were free , but long they had been trapped down here .
tr	I	All my muscles slacken as I allow myself to unwind and it 's soothing .
tr	O	Margie had gone up to bed and Lydia had not bothered to turn on lights .
tr	O	The rain starts to fall in a drizzle , and Dallas scowls at the sky .
tr	O	He pressed the buttons , but there was no sound .
tr	I	He replied lightning-fast and intrigued , I sent back a confirmation .
tr	I	We were happy and he never knew .
tr	O	He looked at Reuben , and Reuben nodded in assent .
tr	I	The commander aimed the machine gun at the pile of bodies and with a flick of a switch the safety was turned off .
tr	O	Stacy wasn 't wild about the idea of someone else seeing or touching her nak * d body .
tr	O	She wondered if he was flirting , but it didn 't look like it .
tr	I	His lifeless body dropped to the ground , and she released him .
tr	I	They were beginning there return journey , and I looked toward the guards .
tr	O	She never had much of a social life either but she was used to that .
tr	I	Ry had sent messages to his supervisor , saying that they needed to be cleaned more often , and three sets of booths had been inspected already .
tr	I	He stared at the screen , and the iPhone in his pocket vibrated .
tr	I	She gave and he demanded .
tr	O	They tried , but they failed .
tr	I	It made him laugh and I tackled him to the ground for it .
tr	I	I know she won 't cry , but I won 't be here tonight .
tr	O	They still argued over stupid little things , but they now knew that the little things weren 't worth breaking up for .
tr	O	Majority rules and if the majority say you are the one with the accent , then that becomes the truth !
tr	O	The old woman cackled something behind me and warily I glanced at her .
tr	I	My exasperated sigh is not , but my eye roll is invisible in the dark .
tr	I	Thankfully it has mostly disappeared in the modern age , but the practice is still done in a few places .
tr	I	A.J. regarded the remaining daylight with dismay , and it was still midafternoon by the time Chester left the stables .
tr	I	He pulls her in for a short hug and Bree wraps her arms around Derek 's neck .
tr	I	When he cheated on me , I felt so alone , but I thought Mike was looking out for me .
tr	I	It was the excuse I was giving myself at that moment , but I knew it wasn 't the real reason I was doing it .
tr	I	Her make-up was minimal and her hair was down around her shoulders .
tr	I	The forecasts are pessimistic and my accountants have said our cash flows are severely negative .
tr	I	It did give him a certain measure of reassurance , and her engagement to Mack McAfee wasn 't a complete surprise .
tr	O	His mother clearly hurt him , but it seems like there 's so much more to it , way , way more .
tr	I	Beyond that , I don 't care , but you need it to live .
tr	O	There never has been and there never will be .
tr	I	I 'll be fine and I just need water .
tr	O	She bent down to pet him and he started to lick her face .
tr	I	He seemed like the kind of guy who would enjoy making her afraid , but probably he had no intention of actually hurting her .
tr	I	I started with the waiting room , and Cliff retreated to his desk .
tr	I	When she did , she tried to clamp her legs together again , and it took a moment for Kit to realize his intention .
tr	O	He tried not to cry , but he couldn 't help himself .
tr	I	She was tempted , so tempted , to do just that , and the man was practically begging her to open up to him .
tr	O	They did tend to be noisy , and he was enjoying the quiet .
tr	O	It was the best climbing area and he didn 't want to leave a puddle .
tr	I	Mine matching it and I can feel his pulse speeding up .
tr	O	The morning of the meeting he was dressed in his best clothes , and he was fairly confident as well as cheerful .
tr	O	She didn 't want to subject him to the disapproval and she didn 't want to put herself through the hell that would surely follow .
tr	I	Unfortunately she didn 't have time for it right now , but Annabelle understood his desperate need to touch her .
tr	I	She gasped , reminded of his size , and when he settled her ass over his rampant erection , he hissed in a breath .
tr	O	Della didn 't know a whole lot about shape-shifters , but she 'd heard once that one sign of their power was they could shift quickly .
tr	O	Hinges snapped , and wood shards rained .
tr	O	She understood she was asleep and she 'd stepped into a dream .
tr	I	I knew the Thin Man was out there , waiting to strike , but the glade appeared empty .
tr	O	Then she focused on me with her eyes , and it was impossible to look away .
tr	O	Jean laughed at that , and I smiled at her .
tr	O	It looked clean , but how did I know ?
tr	O	Mike look at Chris and his heart broke .
tr	I	His voice is off pitch , but he pretends to be cool .
tr	I	His wide smile was natural and ... hopeful , but Stil teasing .
tr	O	Nobody discovered their warnings and now only a very few can be saved .
tr	O	She held her breath , waiting for him to laugh at her , but it never came .
tr	O	By ten we were at the clinic and Henry was carried away to the lab .
tr	O	I want to know Russ 's story , and I don 't really care anymore about keeping Pop 's secrets , especially since Erin 's gone missing .
tr	O	His hands tightened on my arms , and I wondered if he was going to haul me over the ropes .
tr	I	They felt like hours , but a couple minutes passed .
tr	I	She had to check , but it was a stupid question .
tr	I	The door was wide open and nothing was moving .
tr	I	When his head hit the pillow he was out for the count and I had to help him get into bed .
tr	I	We could hear the roar of the cougar 's growl , and we could hear my Uncle Night Walker 's war cry .
tr	I	You get more randomness from the similar variation in synaptic delay time and each neuron in your net will introduce an element of random conduction time .
tr	O	If Vlad had told Demon Boy what Edina looked liked and Tucker had taken things from there , just to drive Aden insane .
tr	O	The baby will be a full month by then , and it will be safe for you to ride a short distance .
tr	I	They locked up the recycling center for the weekend and finding nothing he gave the stack back to Bill .
tr	I	It might give us someplace to continue the investigation , but I don 't know really what to make of it .
tr	I	She certainly couldn 't deny it outright either , but she couldn 't say she 'd done it .
tr	I	Damn she 'd wanted to argue , but she had no desire to see the dirty spaceport .
tr	O	She shouted something over her shoulder to Fallon in her language and rounding the rock , I stole a glance back .
tr	I	She rushed so fast that she didn 't even notice the tall man running behind her and she rushed over to seek shelter .
tr	I	I felt entranced under the spell of its beauty , and he crisscrossed the blaze to create a repetitive pattern .
tr	O	We became individual , and our spirit remembers .
tr	O	It was raw sexuality , animalistic in its intensity - and she was starving for it .
tr	I	Actually , it was kind of fun to compile , and that was a valuable project .
tr	O	She looked sad and she shook her head at me .
tr	I	He could catch no scent of a deer , but perhaps a deer had come into these woods .
tr	O	I laughed , and it wasn 't a pleasant sound .
tr	I	We continued down the hall to my office , and his free hand pressed against my lower back .
tr	I	Then I forget everything , and Gabe releases the puppy .
tr	O	Cars honked and tires squealed .
tr	O	Laila collapses in a heap on the floor , and I let out the breath I had been holding in a giant whoosh of air .
tr	O	The moment broke , and Scott looked away .
tr	I	He would reply , and she said a few things to Dion .
tr	I	I 'll pinch your cheeks if I want to and I 'm your mother .
tr	O	He would have offered her a seat , but there were no others in his office .
tr	I	She straightened , and the first stirring of hope hit her .
tr	O	I started to say he shouldn 't worry , that I 'd be okay , but I backed off .
tr	I	His tears fell on her , and he was crying .
tr	I	Chills raced down her spine , and he gave her a smirk .
tr	O	Everything was so hard on her , but this had been the worst .
tr	I	She had an unerring eye when it came to detail , and she knew the precise colors to wear to enhance her natural good looks .
tr	I	When she did , watch out , but Grandma Frost didn 't get angry at me often .
tr	O	I purposefully didn 't look at Will , but I heard his spurt of surprise .
tr	I	I don 't just mean the muscles , and Shane 's strong .
tr	O	She only went to the fields whenever Zachery would allow , and even then he would not allow her far from his side .
tr	O	She looked so heartbroken and it killed him to know he was responsible for her pain .
tr	I	It was being played in reverse but it was like an engagement moment on video .
tr	O	The liquid burned the back of his throat , but the fire was welcome .
tr	O	The pasta was finished and he drained it all in the sink , then turned off the heat underneath the sauce .
tr	O	The drapes were lifted back and Prince Anais entered .
tr	I	Kara broke the silence and they had finished .
tr	O	She had never had much by way of brains , but no one was that stupid .
tr	I	I have an overwhelming desire to hold his hand , and his thumb is hooked in the front pocket of his jeans .
tr	I	Bankston 's mother was a Presbyterian , but Melanie herself was an orphan .
tr	O	She hadn 't always been rich , but the ring must be sentimental .
tr	O	He would know Dominic was taking his blood , and yet , courageously , he had followed orders .
tr	O	We didn 't say much after that , but there was something comforting in the silence .
tr	I	Her father had many talented blacksmiths under him and it was a huge forge .
tr	O	I feel my face clenching up in fury , and my body trembles as I send a quake through the ground .
tr	O	He was already dead , and Dominic left him , striding into the house .
tr	O	The walls were filled with silvery murals and the floor was filled with metallic inlays .
tr	O	By then I was already practicing with the sword and it 'd left my body wiry with muscle .
tr	O	It hadn 't been easy to sneak away from Alethea long enough to coordinate the details with Lil , but he 'd done it .
tr	O	The exercise was exhausting , but each time he worked the fire he got better at it .
tr	I	She looked at his dark head as he bent over some other information and Rachel 's mouth dropped open .
tr	O	Alanna eyebrows pushed together and her eyes grew wide .
tr	O	She 'd pulled away , but not before he had a chance to realize something was wrong .
tr	I	Artisans shaped it to form a mighty lion , complete with crowned head , and the smithy melted down the precious metal .
tr	O	She looked at him , and she wanted .
tr	O	Occasionally one of the piles rumbles , and we can see whiskers poking through .
tr	O	I 've only ever been kissed once , and that 's because someone dared someone else to do that .
tr	I	Her anger flared , threatening to overpower her , and the sight reminded her of the blood on her legs .
tr	O	Her skin was dark , and it took a lot for her ass to show any hint of red .
tr	O	Xavier did as he was told and David followed from behind .
tr	I	Carol felt her body 's reaction , and his eyes settled on her mouth .
tr	O	All the passion she 'd been denying for so long was finally released and she reveled in his return desire .
tr	I	He winked at me , and he saw the awareness wash over my face .
tr	O	The poor woman has lost her husband , jerk that he was , and her child is missing .
tr	O	Body parts were everywhere and blood was so thick that they felt as though they were walking on molasses by the gallons .
tr	O	Reyes 's skin pulled tight against his bones , and he held back a disappointed groan .
tr	O	I got you into this , and we 're gon na stick together through the whole thing .
tr	I	The aftermath left by it was just as powerful as any image could have been , but it was audio only , to ensure secrecy .
tr	I	Alex wrapped it around his waist , over the dangling wetsuit , and Cory handed him a towel .
tr	O	The weather was getting colder Paul noticed and a bank of ominous looking cloud was amassing on the eastern horizon .
tr	O	Most of them were translucent , and they surrounded his real tail - the flesh-and-blood tail that every fox had .
tr	O	The sleek car jumped into gear , and we sped toward the hospital .
tr	O	I was a dozen feet away from him , and there was nothing visible to account for the ringing blow that took him full in the face .
tr	O	The shiver she felt intensified and she impulsively wrapped her arms around herself .
tr	I	Father Smythe was sometimes overzealous in his discussions on the wasteful sin of a breakfast meal , but she knew her mother would not mind .
tr	O	She 'd been twelve when she was raped , but the man hadn 't been strong enough to take more than her virginity .
tr	O	He glanced at me , and I knew what it meant .
tr	I	I take note , and cyrus , however , wolfs down three fish on his own .
tr	O	I get the idea Torres likes to lead his own investigations but lately , I 've been finding things that have been keeping him busy .
tr	I	I love Sydney , but I care about you .
tr	O	He worshipped the ground she walked on and his life was crap without her .
tr	I	Not in the way he was thinking , but she needed him all right .
tr	I	He was now a fat outcast in the vampire world , and he 'd been a fat outcast in the human world .
tr	I	The whole thing had snowballed , but I had thought I could get the driver of her car to avoid the train altogether .
tr	I	Kevin grabbed at his wrist , freeing mine , and Benji put his hand on Kevin 's shoulder .
tr	O	For a second , she thought she saw a ghost of a bitter little smile , but it was gone before she could be sure .
tr	I	He didn 't see anything and Time passed .
tr	I	You were perfectly willing to kill one to open the gate , and you hated Shifters .
tr	I	I knew it and she was hurt .
tr	I	For the moment it was disoriented by pain , but it was not dead .
tr	I	I listened to the message and I went straight to my voicemail .
tr	I	She decided that she would be careful in this place for the foreseeable future , but it looked like it hadn 't been tampered with .
tr	O	She 's alive , but that apparition got her good .
tr	O	They aren 't part of the order of this world , and we must keep their influence away from our fellow man .
tr	O	Four days have passed since my last entry and more preparations have been made in order for the battle to begin at zero hour tomorrow .
tr	I	The disappointment is momentarily replaced by a brief smile and she glances at me .
tr	O	I didn 't want to face her but she had given me a roof over my head for three weeks with no strings attached .
tr	O	I turned on the water and Liza yelped as cold water ran over us .
tr	I	I force myself not to gag and hot blood gushes over my hands .
tr	I	He was not on his guard , but he was in the same spot he 'd been the first time I woke in this cave .
tr	O	Once Valeria reached her corner , she sat on her stool , and her seconds started to help her as much as they could .
tr	I	In reality , he was the one that received the help , but he wanted to help her through a tough time .
tr	I	His hair was brittle , falling out and he was thin .
tr	O	She gazed up at me and her eyes grew in admiration .
tr	I	Bang on his front door too hard , and I walk outside , run next door .
tr	I	She smirked behind it and the old woman 's hand rose to her mouth .
tr	I	I do , too ... and Dad needs you .
tr	O	The door opened and the third MP stuck his head in .
tr	O	She 'd told him the night was perfect , but she was crying .
tr	I	His hair is thinning and his skin is dry .
tr	O	It 's such a pretty time of year , but I 've never been a fan of it .
tr	I	I was once again left with shadows , and the curtain settled back in place .
tr	I	She left me a clue and Emma knew I 'd come for her .
tr	I	She swiped it away with the back of her hand and a tear spilled down her cheek .
tr	O	His hand smacked hard against her other cheek and the heat swept through her legs , swelling the lips of her sex .
tr	I	I 'm right in his face and my foot moves down another step .
tr	O	A jolt of electricity shot from her hand to her heart , and the rapidly beating organ vowed in that moment to be his .
tr	I	Fresh tears stung Carol 's eyes , and acute embarrassment stole through the stillness .
tr	I	The physical pain is nothing , but I can feel the rough surface of the concrete rubbing away layers of my skin from beneath my jeans .
tr	O	In the past , she 'd have gone to Jake , but these were hardly the type of questions she could ask him .
tr	O	I sit up , but for the first time , I realize he is not surprised by my revelation .
tr	I	She wasn 't in his suite and she wasn 't in the foyer .
tr	I	I support it and I think it 's great .
tr	O	They were squabbling happily over something , and Bart was laying down the law .
tr	O	Call made a sound that might have been a laugh , and Jenna smiled at me .
tr	O	I packed a carry on bag and that was all I took with me along with my computer .
tr	O	You will not shake my faith in her , or Tommy 's .
tr	O	I waited for the tears to come , but they never did .
tr	O	The description of fullness seems so trite , but it 's the most accurate description .
tr	I	I knew I was going as fast I possibly could , and buildings were passing me in the blink of an eye .
tr	I	She didn 't blame him for being mad , and she 'd refused to open her heart to him , to give him what he wanted .
tr	O	He jumped back and the screwdriver went flying out of his hand .
tr	I	She knew it wouldn 't last ... but so far he 'd complied ... grudgingly .
tr	I	I nod anyway but I 'm confused .
tr	O	Her teeth were bright white , and her skin had an odd tone .
tr	O	He grabbed the hostage by a finger and she was aroused .
tr	I	That was all it took , and he 'd stepped out into the snowy yard .
tr	I	He was quiet about it , but he might be deadly .
tr	I	Nick knew if he failed there , there 'd be little hope after that -- and their first challenge was Atlanta .
tr	I	She got mad , and I went over to ask her what she was doing .
tr	I	The vehicle began to follow the other buses along the broken asphalt and the engine of the bus rumbled .
tr	I	Right now , he was dead serious , but Grant had a wicked sense of humor .
tr	I	He sat on the edge of her bed and she gave him a nod .
tr	I	At least she seemed happy , but I had no idea where this conversation was going .
tr	I	She is with child in arduous times , and clothed in the sun , with the moon at her feet .
tr	O	He regretted his decision to tell her the truth and it was written in his face that he suffered .
tr	O	Mirabeau might be concerned about someone 's following them , but so far there had been no sign of that .
tr	O	Charlie took up the gauntlet for her with glee and Julia nearly groaned .
tr	I	Her husband is long gone and her family is far away .
tr	O	You can click here to read a layman 's explanation but the fact is , I did not make this up .
tr	I	That was the problem , and he had no idea .
tr	O	Our meals arrived , and we dug into our lunch with enthusiasm .
tr	I	He 'd suffered more than one setback lately , but he hoped she would .
tr	I	All in Heaven thought he was a lost cause , and he fell to Earth .
tr	O	Pain attacked with a vengeance and she sucked her breath through her teeth .
tr	O	She almost told him yes , but this was one thing she needed to do on her own .
tr	I	I silently followed him and he pressed his hand to the back of his neck as he walked around the side of the wooden building .
tr	O	It opens from this side , but Elder 's smart enough to cram a chair in the door so it doesn 't lock again .
tr	O	Others saw her , jostled to see what was going on , and the crowd became hushed .
tr	O	Most nights one of the guys kept her company on her walk , but tonight she wanted to be alone .
tr	O	I had never had time for dating , and admittedly , I was terrified of men .
tr	I	I knew it and I had no excuse for what I 'd done .
tr	I	I pulled out the bottle , tested it on my forearm , and the water on the stove began to steam .
tr	I	She seemed incapable of setting it aside and obviously this situation was weighing on her .
tr	O	I love you and you 're the only family I have left .
tr	O	He lowered me gently the floor , and my stampeding pulse began to slow .
tr	O	On the sixth day her fever broke and the shivering stopped .
tr	O	I don 't see anything happen , but in minutes she 's knocked out .
tr	I	He had powerful friends everywhere , but she didn 't know how .
tr	I	The Minister on duty came over to her , and eventually the sunset ceremony was over .
tr	O	The bandits were searching , riding at a careful pace in the tangled forest , but they seemed to be everywhere .
tr	O	James narrowed his eyes and Cole corrected his mistake .
tr	I	Other villages were abandoned entirely , and some gates were locked tight .
tr	I	The single light in the ceiling dimmed , and Dormer 's eyes filled with inky blackness .
tr	O	Her heart began to thump but Claire kept cutting .
tr	O	Her words sounded like before , but her eyes were brighter this time .
tr	O	Jesse brought Jules to my house at ten fifteen and I nearly burst from the kitchen door when I heard them pull through the gravel .
tr	I	No one answers the door , so I knock again , but I hear someone inside .
tr	O	Sighing , he flashed into my kitchen , and I heard the sound of the sink water turning on .
tr	O	Maddie pulled away from me and she smiled at me shyly .
tr	O	He didn 't have the answer to the question he 'd been asking himself since seeing her outside Midas yesterday , but he would find it .
tr	O	Lynn nodded in agreement and they set off for the abandoned factory on the edge of town .
tr	O	Shadows had been long , but now they were indistinct .
tr	O	Generally , my reputation works against me , but here , it serves us well .
tr	I	Colton fell the last few feet to the ground and the rope snapped .
tr	O	We were having cupcakes , and even though I didn 't have sugar in the cart , I was planning on using plenty of it .
tr	O	Everything felt way too overwhelming and she needed to get away .
tr	I	It kept distracting him , and it was in his head somewhere , like an itch an inch behind his eyes .
tr	I	He slumped to the ground , dead , and Blood poured from the tyrant 's jugular .
tr	O	He glanced at Lexie , and though it appeared that she was listening , her gaze was unfocused , as if she were occupied by other thoughts .
tr	O	We 'd reach her only to be slaughtered at her doorstep , and we 'd put her life in danger , too .
tr	I	I slam back against the car door , but he reaches for my hand .
tr	O	She brings her fists toward me again , but I deflect each attack , walking her backward as she tries to get in another hit .
tr	I	I sank to my knees , right there in the middle of the room and the silence of the space reverberated back to me .
tr	I	When I was by myself , I had no idea who I really was , but I knew who I was when I was with her .
tr	I	The girl would need the medicine , but Roberts did not envy the position she had just put poor Henry into .
tr	O	Wet shoes are gross , but the drain is safe .
tr	I	His footsteps went only halfway down the hall before his voice came back to her , but Brent started from the room .
tr	O	' Please don 't tell my husband , he would never forgive me , and I could not bear his anger !
tr	I	I waited , but I thought about what I had decided yesterday , just going without Tom .
tr	O	To prove me wrong , or to make a point .
tr	I	Kate ran her hand along the black granite countertops and they were walking through the kitchen .
tr	I	She was not too sure how to get there , but she knew that Liverpool was somewhere to the north .
tr	I	It is what it is , but lot 's ridin ' here .
tr	O	He slid back home and our kisses turned violent .
tr	O	The name rang a bell , but I couldn 't place it .
tr	I	He says he wants us to work for what we have , and Ethel 's father controls all the money though .
tr	O	I should be invisible , but he takes a long time to look at me .
tr	O	His shrug doesn 't say much , but he is clearly upset about something .
tr	I	Her full name is Lilliputian but I call her Lily .
tr	I	He rose in time to answer before the machine picked it up , but Lost in thought , he barely heard the ringing of the phone .
tr	O	Well , it didn 't take much to convince them , and we all decided to try it anyway .
tr	I	The excitement was what made it even better , but the feeling of being with Colt was the same .
tr	O	He started to pitch forward , but suddenly William was there , pushing him back onto the bed in disgust .
tr	I	I know it 's broken and Clark 's nose pours with blood .
tr	O	His shoulders relaxed , and he ran a hand over his ragged features .
tr	I	You 're trying to kil me , and you 're a Reaper of Chaos .
tr	I	There was something in his computer-generated expression that made her nervous , and he didn 't smile .
tr	I	For a second she looked like a furious cat and my mother 's eyes went wide .
tr	O	Razor buzzed sadly as we came in , and his ears wilted .
tr	I	For anything other than the most base instinct to kick in , nor there wasn 't time for instructions .
tr	I	My voice sounded too serious , but I tried to make a joke .
tr	O	He laughed again , and she felt a flicker of annoyance at his amusement over his situation .
tr	O	She was trying so hard to appear casual , but I knew better .
tr	O	I most likely wasn 't going to die tonight , after all , and it wouldn 't hurt him to feel guilty for twelve more hours .
tr	O	My carriage wasn 't poor , but it wasn 't rich either .
tr	O	He let out a weary exhale and I looked up at him .
tr	I	His hands were tightly fisted on the sides of the towel and a muscle was jumping in his jaw .
tr	O	He 's acting very out of character and I wonder if something else is wrong .
tr	O	I 'm the only person here tonight and I need to get back to studying the new black hole we 've found .
tr	O	The girl was fiddling with the bandage on the inside of her wrist , and clear slick ointment glistened along the edges .
tr	I	She wasn 't apologizing for her independence , and she didn 't need to answer to Nicolae .
tr	O	He doubted that he could explain his presence a second time , but as far as he could tell , he wasn 't spotted .
tr	O	She quieted the servant , who was making anxious noises , and reached for the door handle .
tr	I	I didn 't and I felt so odd because everyone had such interesting backgrounds .
tr	I	The report of the blow was echoed by the feral scream of his attacker , and the clang of the impact numbed his arm to the elbow .
tr	I	His shoulders were pretty broad , and he was sort of tall .
tr	O	His hair was wind-blown , and a dark stubble dotted his jawline .
tr	I	Some of them would at least be useful , but none of the items did anything to solve his quandary .
tr	I	Even the soap was against her since it felt so sensuous against her skin , but at home , she showered thoroughly .
tr	O	Trish knew and Zoey knew .
tr	O	It was a short walk from the condos to the Palms , but the briefcases had grown much heavier when she reached Room 188 .
tr	O	Nikolai 's hooded gaze suddenly froze over , as if her surprise offended him , and Sam wondered what he 'd expected her reaction would be .
tr	I	The man was no exception , and people eventually can sense when they 're being watched .
tr	I	This was one of those times , and sometimes strong tastes fit strong emotions .
tr	O	As he watched the others start fitting pieces together and arguing about what went where , he again thought about his decision to retire .
tr	O	I knew there were several people watching on , but I couldn 't focus on their faces .
tr	I	She saw Rowan do this , and sometimes Mona was waiting for Rowan in the hallway .
tr	I	Aiden would never let me walk away alone , but leaving in the middle of the night might seem like a terrible thing to do .
tr	O	He lay back down , and I checked his wound .
tr	I	That 's not a common name , but I 'm about to say Art .
tr	O	Dad would lose his job again or the neighbors would hear him beating on Mom .
tr	O	His hands tightened around her waist and she leaned in , determined to relax .
tr	I	Her expression became very serious and Danielle looked at her mother .
tr	I	Then he slipped to the floor , but it seemed he would fall forward .
tr	O	He 'd live for a while yet , but there was nothing anyone could do to save him .
tr	I	His eyes were still troubled as he searched her face , but he nodded .
tr	I	Then you can see her and give me a few moments .
tr	O	This might work , and if not , you heard what Olivia said .
tr	I	Many Grays approach the vehicle and Locust 4 has finally landed .
tr	I	They tied it around Toby 's neck , and Doyle brought him a piece of rope .
tr	I	I took the time to clinically look her over and she stood above me , smiling with a faint ironic twist .
tr	O	His dark hair fell down over one eye , and his hands were shoved deep in his pockets .
tr	O	His lips were trembling , and his eyes were wet .
tr	I	Ari could think of nothing better to do than run her fingers along his hard flesh , and then his shirt was gone .
tr	O	He had seen the Parthenon in photographs , but this place didn 't match the image .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop myself , and my hand began to shake .
tr	I	My mother is an heiress and my father is a wealthy business owner .
tr	O	It was like our pack was just a big puzzle , and I 'd found the missing piece .
tr	I	Looking down at their papers and they 're all at least twenty feet away .
tr	I	She wouldn 't really feel the pain , and he would just have to keep in mind that she wasn 't human .
tr	O	There was food in the town , supplies , but he hadn 't collected enough .
tr	O	He might be fucked , but at least he managed to take down the rest of the assholes with him .
tr	I	I was shaking just a little and my heart was galloping in my chest .
tr	I	They sent me tumbling into a maelstrom , but where these thoughts came from , I do not know .
tr	I	We fell into silence and I sensed that the conversation was over .
tr	O	You 're gone , and I 'm alive .
tr	I	My wardrobe definitely did not lend itself to the occasion and I wasn 't exactly the clubbing type .
tr	I	Then she fell into the mud , and he shoved her , so hard that she tripped on her skirts .
tr	O	A weight lifted off my shoulders , and I suddenly felt lighter than air .
tr	O	She didn 't mean to be distant , but she still wasn 't over the fact that he 'd cleaned out Patrick 's room without telling her .
tr	O	I really wanted to go over to her but something just told me not to .
tr	O	The little girl gave her a suspicious look , but she lowered her sword .
tr	I	They wanted humans to help save them and not a single female existed among them .
tr	O	Tessa knew she ought to look away , but she couldn 't .
tr	O	Past women gardening , and men riding lawnmowers .
tr	O	I looked into his eyes and he could see my fear .
tr	I	Still she needed to squelch this before it got any worse , but how he could be jealous of anyone else was beyond her .
tr	I	There 's still no sign of Reeve , and this is my fourth loop around town .
tr	O	Alec tries to jump up but the sound of the safety being removed from the gun makes him rethink his next move .
tr	O	Donnie begins to pull away , but Anna squeezes his wrist gently .
tr	I	I could knit , but I couldn 't hold down more than a few bites at a time .
tr	I	Borden staggered back , off balance , and she heard the crack of bone on bone .
tr	O	The whites of his eyes were wide , and his mouth was open in a snarl .
tr	I	I stepped inside before she could slam the door on me , literally , and she let out a yelp .
tr	O	He had a zombie army last time , but we totally destroyed them .
tr	I	He was about to get the shock of his life and well , he had grossly under estimated her .
tr	O	I know it , and you know why ?
tr	O	Nobody is inside the car , as far as he can tell , and when he tries opening the doors they are locked .
tr	O	There was the sound of a key scraping in the lock , and the Prince fell silent .
tr	I	The man was in no condition to respond , but they were surely aware of the little tyke desperately trying to get his dad 's attention .
tr	O	He was starved and that sounded good .
tr	O	It had to be Les Weaver , and Les Weaver was a cool customer .
tr	I	It was a small percentage of their business , but sure , they were diversifying into military applications .
tr	I	I watched as Logan ran his hands through his dark blond tousled hair again and we stared at each other for a few seconds .
tr	I	Lights began flashing on it as it whined to life and the evil doctor pressed a button on his larger gun .
tr	O	A pathetic substitution for life , but it was all I had .
tr	O	Max must have rolled over inside the bathroom because he suddenly kicked the wall , and Emma froze .
tr	O	He was there and she felt safe .
tr	O	You 've done way more than enough and we 're going to be fine .
tr	O	The Doctor said there were a lot of people in the World Before , but this is ridiculous .
tr	O	I couldn 't see my family , but I knew they were out there .
tr	O	We had the element of surprise , and we shouldn 't have any problems taking the robbers out - Crunch .
tr	I	A dark silhouette appeared at the center , and there was a blaze of light in front of her .
tr	O	The wind was making the sand blow , and the fog was rolling in , giving the world outside an illusion of dusk .
tr	O	She had to , and they knew it .
tr	O	She felt the shudder as his emotions rocked his body , and she held him close , trying to ease the pain he was feeling .
tr	O	The man was sober as a judge , and his smile was not in the least bit friendly .
tr	I	He relaxed a bit , sinking further into the sofa , and Seeing William 's slightly wrinkled skin up so close warmed Toby .
tr	I	I pray that you come to me soon , but I will continue to enjoy my time here .
tr	I	His expression softened , and I glanced at him .
tr	I	Presley disappeared into her bedroom , and Cheyenne shrugged , effectively ending the conversation .
tr	O	He answered all the questions he could , but unfortunately , the focus was on me .
tr	O	We will move from this location next year , but we are not in a position to do that now .
tr	O	There was a fireplace for cooking , and windows cut on either side to let in the light .
tr	O	Bryn 's lips formed a hard line , and she closed her eyes .
tr	I	He managed to drive three blocks before he had to turn left , and there were fewer people around now , many hopefully finding shelter somewhere .
tr	O	He pressed a button and it closed up tight .
tr	I	The gunslinger thought : C He 's not even smoking it anymore , and the cracked lips writhed , lifted , revealing the green , mossy teeth .
tr	I	For a moment she was sure he 'd read her thoughts , and he was frowning at her .
tr	O	Flores said Eva had left the building , but the taxi driver was still waiting for her .
tr	O	I got him more blood and he drank this bottle more slowly .
tr	I	We took a final step forward , placing our shells on Ethan 's headstone together and she nodded .
tr	O	The information flooded from one to the other and he was beginning to know how she thought .
tr	I	He winked and I smiled .
tr	I	There were no cans of crushed pineapple , but there were two cans of mandarin oranges .
tr	O	Lake said nothing , but when I nodded in response to Chase 's unspoken query , she began stripping off her shirt .
tr	O	His hip got in the way , but I was able to make out a large building .
tr	O	His hands were sweating badly , and panic threatened to engulf him .
tr	O	His friends were acting damn strange , and Staffan didn 't want to be caught off guard about anything .
tr	O	You have a brother , and he shall be King !
tr	O	She nudged Hanna , and Hanna mustered a smile too .
tr	I	He was lost and her voice broke .
tr	I	We weren 't rich , but she was a maid .
tr	O	CHAPTER 42 THEY were in the air an hour later , and Donovan sat holding Eve , cradling her in his arms .
tr	O	Ice flooded my veins , but he said nothing .
tr	I	The horde had wormed their fingers into the leather straps that kept his breastplate on , but next he tried to roll over to stand up .
tr	O	Rachel wanted to respond , but she was too weak .
tr	I	Yet another advertised a luxury car , and another sign boasted the faded picture of women in bathing suits drinking beer .
tr	I	I wouldn 't be able to get up again and I was afraid the ladder would break .
tr	I	She didn 't want it to be like all the guys she 'd picked up at the bar , but she wanted him .
tr	I	James hoped it was not dead , and it did not move .
tr	O	The sudden ferocity of the attack surprised him but none of his opponent 's blows landed .
tr	O	She laughs nervously , and I kiss her , pressing my hand against the small of her back .
tr	O	It may have been a lie , but it made her sound braver than she actually felt .
tr	I	His fingers flying across the keys of a computer , and the burly man was sitting at a desk , a headset on .
tr	I	That was a chance I couldn 't take , but the odds of it being Scotia were slim .
tr	I	I 'm tired , but it 's early .
tr	O	We had gone a good way down the beach , and we turned around .
tr	I	She could go back to normal vanilla sex and Hell , maybe the reality wouldn 't even come close to her fantasies .
tr	O	The light changed and Tim eased his foot from brake to accelerator .
tr	O	It 's not that I 'm trying to be rude , but if I open my mouth right now , the result may not be pretty .
tr	I	Still his father couldn 't look at him without curling his lip , and they hadn 't seen each other in more than a century .
tr	O	He lowered his head to tease her nipple but she yanked his head up to her mouth .
tr	I	She has her own little idiosyncracies , but in many ways , she 's you .
tr	I	People pass it off as fairytales and it happened in the bible all the time .
tr	O	For a moment there was no answer , and then she returned the pressure of his grip .
tr	O	Hanna tipped sideways , and the guy slipped his arm around her waist .
tr	O	Cami is a whore , and I mean that literally .
tr	I	Then something caught her eye , but she turned the pages idly .
tr	O	His brow furrows , and his lip snarls .
tr	O	We 've only got one more hour before it wears off , and you need to be able to aim at someone without thinking twice .
tr	I	No one answered , but she called out .
tr	I	This time turned to fully face me and Art paused again .
tr	I	This isn 't an ordinary case , but I don 't think you can find a one size fits all for that .
tr	I	The knife instantly started on it the second he put it down and Logan pulled a claw from his pocket .
tr	I	The sun 's light sparkled on it , and it was dark blue , almost black .
tr	I	I nodded -- but I could tell from the heat in my face that I 'd suddenly gone bright red .
tr	I	That comes only when a female is involved in the decision-making process of a man and I can see a new confidence in you .
tr	I	Just feel him and to forget the fire .
tr	I	They turned off the highway and car traffic thinned out .
tr	I	He did love Hannah , but he hadn 't wanted to admit it until now .
tr	I	I do have to hit the road , but I don 't have to work today .
tr	O	It 's unfortunate , but we should expect little else .
tr	I	They nearly matched her sweater , and they were the same bright blue as Dex 's .
tr	I	The intense wind created drifts as tall as me , but the wind has died down .
tr	I	He wanted to figure out what had happened , and he was curious .
tr	I	She sauntered forward , but when Kylie turned around , Della didn 't look too happy .
tr	O	White stepped out first and I followed him out onto the hardwood floor that was covered in a light film of dust .
tr	I	Before she could so much as make a sound , he was coming at her with a needle , and the door opened .
tr	I	I thought it must be full , though full with what I couldn 't guess and it was a plain thing for such massive weight .
tr	I	Something loosened in my chest , and she returned it .
tr	I	I held out the lantern toward it , and a dark figure arose from the box .
tr	O	Marshall came the same evening after she 'd left , and he was horrified to see me hobble .
tr	I	He gave me an equally brilliant smile , and I was beaming from ear to ear .
tr	I	She was curled into a tight ball in the center of the bed , and the blankets were pulled up to her chin .
tr	I	The pressure somehow seemed less , but the masses still piled up .
tr	I	I smile , and he curses .
tr	O	Sam 's my twin , but he 's not here .
tr	O	It was sitting right out on his desk , and when I realized it was for you , I simply thought I 'd bring it .
tr	I	The corner of his mouth twitched up in appreciation , and she caught them easily as they came near her .
tr	O	Tye was dead , but Tarik was dying .
tr	O	The kitchen 's side door opened , and Ghost crowded in .
tr	O	Half of her wanted to push him out the door and the other half didn 't want him to leave at all .
tr	I	Sebastian felt that scrambling away from each other would only imply that they were doing something wrong , but Jane stiffened .
tr	I	His other hand wrapped around the back of my head , and a deep , sexy sound rose up from his chest .
tr	I	In that time , she 'd come to care for him , but they hadn 't been together long .
tr	O	She can lift the upper part of her legs at her hips , but the lower half is just along for the ride .
tr	O	Everyone does so I know where his question came from , but still , it rubs me the wrong way .
tr	I	He does the same , and keeping one hand firm on Caleb 's arm , I wrap my free arm around Zeke .
tr	I	It was enough to tell me to shut up , but I caught Amory 's eye for just a moment .
tr	O	I wouldn 't force her to do so now , but I hoped that in time , she 'd feel she could .
tr	I	She is already joking about it , and she almost fell to her death .
tr	O	It sounds like fiction , but it is not .
tr	O	I close her locker , turned around and I felt heavy breathing behind me .
tr	I	He pushes the door open , letting out the smell of cigar smoke , and my mouth drops .
tr	I	His gut clenched with the undeniable surety that Sunny was somehow in danger and Wade 's instincts blared .
tr	I	I needed to prove I could do this job and a dash of favoritism got me through the door .
tr	I	He halted and she retreated .
tr	I	It did not take long to find what he sought , but his fingers scanned the surface of the table with care .
tr	I	He kissed her passionately before forcing himself to pull away and his fingers sunk deep into the back of her hair .
tr	I	I agreed but I was a bit confused .
tr	O	Disappointment pulled at his lips , and I felt as if I 'd done something wrong .
tr	I	The chip couches the question in terms that make sense to me , but they don 't tell time like we do .
tr	O	I loved the adrenaline rush , and I wanted to make a name for myself .
tr	I	They left and he said .
tr	I	She looked like a lost little girl , terrified to death and Barbi turned to look at me .
tr	I	Life changes - people change , but I hadn 't really planned on going to college .
tr	O	Sawyer helped me through the painful ones and I struggled through the happy ones .
tr	I	Rourke held me fast , but I yelled , struggling to get loose .
tr	I	Dani 's cousin Angela wouldn 't mind , but we were fashionably late , as usual .
tr	I	A small oil lamp was there right in middle of the structure , but there was no statues of gods there .
tr	O	She had tried to sit up and the cord on her finger had fallen off .
tr	I	Then again , it was pitch-black outside now , but there didn 't seem to be anyone lurking on the dorm 's lawn .
tr	O	He was anxious about what she might say , but he had to know .
tr	O	The minors were good for building a name but the real money was in the professional league .
tr	O	Where are you , she asked him , but he would float away unable to answer .
tr	I	He would 've moved on the second his bike was fixed , or he was also a man of his word .
tr	O	A sense of lightness came over her , and she felt a subtle flutter of arrested motion throughout her body .
tr	I	Then I see him , and I take off again .
tr	O	I consider what we have done to be a necessary deception , but I will leave you to wrangle out the moral dilemma of that .
tr	I	That vacuum will catch us for sure and we go much farther down .
tr	O	Jazz looked sharply at him , but he didn 't say anything .
tr	I	Madison wouldn 't have needed to crack another safe and they wouldn 't have had to befriended another reprobate .
tr	O	I have never seen her before , but I know that it 's her .
tr	O	The door creaked open , and Kenzie came into the room , dodging the gnome who padded out with a bloody rag .
tr	O	It feels weird to take the money but Rex has a point .
tr	O	Both eyes were the same color , but one was brighter .
tr	O	I thought I had left it up there , but he asked me to look for it .
tr	I	The palace gates opened and with great ceremony the horns were sounded .
tr	O	The truck pulled to a stop and I heard more voices .
tr	I	Claire picked it up as she climbed to her feet , and the bat hit the ground with a clatter .
tr	I	Its implications had played through Gretchen 's mind most of the day and that thought .
tr	I	I find a message from Chancellor Tarn waiting for me instead , but instead , I stagger to my quarters , wanting a shower .
tr	O	The doors closed behind me on the elegant living room , and as they closed I heard the television come back on .
tr	O	I debate ignoring her , but if I don 't tell her someone else will .
tr	O	Sam hadn 't meant to insult me when he said my voice wasn 't strong , and he hadn 't .
tr	I	I didn 't see Alice Barrow on there , but I scanned the list of names .
tr	O	She woke , with a puzzled forlorn expression , but then realized her daughter was back .
tr	I	There was none , but Cindy waited for a response .
tr	I	Then he wouldn 't want to be their pilot anymore , and maybe she would hurl on Bo 's boots , too .
tr	O	She 'd not only shot a man to survive , but it had taken a mental toll on her .
tr	O	He walked back into her living room not caring if Rena followed him , but she did .
tr	I	I 'd been avoiding any news about it , and the trial was set to start in a few weeks .
tr	I	She 's really particular about leaving the sales floor , but it sounds like a lame question .
tr	I	I almost groaned , and it hit me in the next instant .
tr	O	She missed her Art of War so she tried to read The Prince , by Machiavelli , but it was too difficult for her to follow .
tr	I	The second Indian lay permanently silenced , and Sage 's ax found its mark .
tr	O	Neither of them had mentioned Xavier 's murder , and she 'd gleaned no more information about it .
tr	I	Iona sensed that otherwise , they were evenly matched , but Jace had the impatience of youth , Eric the calm of experience .
tr	O	Sidney was obviously a very well behaved child and he wondered about that .
tr	O	The sooner she left , the sooner she would return , and if she was going today she 'd better get started .
tr	I	New ideas generated in their stead and they had to be thrown out .
tr	O	Jimmy took a sip from his beer , and a very strange smile twisted his mouth .
tr	O	The answer wasn 't totally satisfactory but Paul passed it by as another question sprang to mind .
tr	O	Ali 's fingers danced over the screen , and a few seconds later it was done .
tr	I	It seemed so much closer than before , and the flames were bursting through the density of smoke that covered the sky .
tr	O	said Zoey , and she felt a tide of fear cascading up from deep inside her .
tr	O	He didn 't respond to her repeated calling , but she continued to look through the downstairs rooms .
tr	O	He 'd prepared a speech , but as it turned out it wasn 't necessary .
tr	I	No one dared to try stopping her , but there were a few screams of protest from the crowd of horrified bidders .
tr	I	She reached out , wrapping her arms around me , and Golden bangles hung from each of her slender wrists .
tr	I	I swallowed it , and a lump caught in my throat .
tr	O	My head fell back and I arched into him , driving my hips against the hard swelling of man beneath me .
tr	O	Joshua gave Mister the signal to retreat and he quickly backed out of the car .
tr	I	I feel so terrible still , but I want to smile back .
tr	O	We 're in such different places , and we both know it .
tr	O	Simple assurance 's on both sides and she signed a million dollar deal .
tr	I	The wind was blowing much stronger and the mountain tops were now hidden by low-lying clouds .
tr	I	I took a small bite , and he held the bar out .
tr	O	He believed Penelope 's left shoulder to be dislocated and she might have a mild concussion .
tr	I	He had called Nicholls out without quite realizing it , and maybe Nicholls had insulted him ?
tr	I	There were no visible signs of injury and I was surprised to find that he was fully coherent .
tr	I	It can 't be another way , but still , it troubles me to know that her soul is dimmed as mine is lightened .
tr	I	I know the whole pack is looking forward to your mating , and I know what I heard .
tr	O	The door opened slightly and her hand appeared .
tr	O	He 'd ask me about the crack with the girls and I would tell him some things .
tr	I	His change of attire reflected that and the time for leisure was over .
tr	O	My words were met with silence , but he didn 't leave .
tr	I	The long road to Bath was to the right and Home was to the left .
tr	O	Mom 's lips thinned , but she nodded .
tr	O	I touched my fingers to my cheek , and a slow blush rose to the surface .
tr	I	I guess this was a good time to be nervous , but he appeared to be nervous .
tr	O	Luke snorts a laugh and I suppress my laughter .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure he ever wanted to , and he just didn 't know that reason yet .
tr	I	He wasn 't hit , but the gunfire sounded .
tr	O	Then the door opened , and a woman walked through .
tr	I	I 'm heading to the interrogation room and he just got to the observation room .
tr	O	Kara shrieked , but John disappeared into the house .
tr	O	No one had ever asked Edwin to be their friend before , and he wasn 't sure how to respond .
tr	I	She 'd given it a try herself , as well , and Extra prayers certainly couldn 't hurt .
tr	I	He walked off and ' Okay , well you 're needed in here , ' he said .
tr	O	I didn 't like being naked , but honestly that was the least of my problems .
tr	O	It was just a tiny scratch at best , but it made me ready to make him bleed a hell of a lot more .
tr	O	He heard the ground crunching beneath footsteps behind him , and he swung around in excitement .
tr	O	His shirt fluttered to the floor and she caught her breath .
tr	I	They grin back at him , and he seems to know everyone .
tr	I	She wanted to wilt , and the thought hit her .
tr	O	It sounded more like an order than a request and Melanie frowned .
tr	O	He didn 't make it , and gunfire followed .
tr	I	There was nothing there but Golden dipped her hand in to feel for the phone .
tr	O	I think Father would , given a chance , but I 'm sure Mama has convinced herself that her son really is dead .
tr	I	Sherry was very impressed , and she cleaned meticulously .
tr	O	The only movement that didn 't hurt was blinking , and that may have just been relative to everything else .
tr	O	Whoever you decide on must be willing and you can tell him that he has my permission to make the change .
tr	O	I know I 'm in hell , yet I am not trying to escape .
tr	O	Ares is gone , and I 'm the God Killer .
tr	O	He shook her hand and she closed the door .
tr	I	She simply didn 't want to deal with that man right now and she didn 't doubt that her father was still trying to introduce her .
tr	I	I 'll find out but the only way to counteract admitting to not knowing something was to immediately follow it with the words .
tr	I	It was still enjoyable to exchange , but the remark had been the same for years .
tr	O	The sky was covered in grey clouds and the ground was wet from a recent rain .
tr	O	Their dinner check arrived , and while Rich dealt with that , Jamie finished her wine .
tr	I	It 's worth something to me , but that might not mean anything to you .
tr	O	I didn 't want to see it , and I was scared I 'd look down .
tr	O	I was unused to hunting , and my neck ached from the tension .
tr	O	The smells that wafted out were amazing and she felt her stomach rumble with interest .
tr	O	There were lush green mountains in every direction , and a blue sky filled with puffy white clouds .
tr	O	Anyone that look would have given up , but Mark was not one of first refusal to surrender .
tr	I	This round slammed into the creature trying to subdue Erik , burning the skin from its bones , and he fired again .
tr	I	She nods her head in response and her eyes drift to meet mine .
tr	I	I never thought I would see them again , but I knew they lived .
tr	O	The streets were now deathly quiet , especially for such a period of festival , and the city seemed cloaked under an eerie silence .
tr	I	It had never set her pulse to fluttering so , but she had been complimented before .
tr	O	It 's clean , but it 's definitely past its prime .
tr	O	It was an hour later , and Aria was just stepping out of the photo booth .
tr	I	Winston wasn 't going to bite and they 'd had this conversation before .
tr	O	It was some considerable time before Ahmed began to regain consciousness , but at length , life began again to move within his being .
tr	I	I guessed Sioux and he was late forties .
tr	I	The sink was close to overflowing and he 'd left the water on .
tr	I	The pads of my feet are burning and my toes are already starting to blister .
tr	I	I instantly regretted my bad joke and Jackson 's face darkened .
tr	O	Lemuel asked , and he didn 't sound happy .
tr	O	The green of the trees blurred against the blue sky and the slight breeze moved my granny dress against my legs .
tr	O	It stung as it struck her ankle , but she barely winced as she shielded the cat in her arms .
tr	I	The sun was sinking in the west , and it was almost curfew time .
tr	O	Dr. Verner 's voice was calm , and that was good .
tr	O	I looked everywhere for it , but it hadn 't fallen anywhere .
tr	I	The teasing in my voice faltered , but I tried to make light of my words .
tr	I	This time the laugh meant nothing to me , and she laughed .
tr	O	My world had been turned upside down and I was still struggling to catch up .
tr	I	She dug her fingernails into his hand , and he could see the horror in Jewell 's eyes .
tr	I	He has captured me completely , and he is exceptional .
tr	I	Her hair had been recently done , and her hands were heavy with diamonds .
tr	O	The room shrinks with each gasp , but I want him .
tr	O	The more her blood rushed and the core of her throbbed .
tr	O	He was staring straight at the witches , and I realized they weren 't just women .
tr	O	He would usually never buy such a thing , but something drew him to it .
tr	I	Then I 'm in his arms , and there is silence , followed by the shifting of the bed .
tr	O	He kept muttering all the way there , and nothing I said seemed to calm him down in the least .
tr	O	It was past midnight and we were both exhausted .
tr	I	I think he is probably right , and megan snarls , her face red .
tr	I	He halted suddenly when Teresa spoke , but he took a step forward , intending to stop her before she got one step outside his house .
tr	O	Jack flinched , and Maddie glanced at him briefly .
tr	I	I 'm the boss until he gets back and this place belongs to Matt !
tr	I	Rock felt the lump push into the blade and the man tried to swallow underneath the steel .
tr	I	She jumped , and a cool hand fell on her shoulder .
tr	O	There were fifteen , and McNair couldn 't have been happier to have them home .
tr	O	Drew didn 't trust her , but they still needed her help to get out .
tr	O	Now he wanted a divorce but he didn 't want to share .
tr	I	The cowboy seemed unconcerned , yet Matthew dropped a step back behind Bax as a precaution .
tr	I	His was grey and the only difference was that hers was flesh colored .
tr	O	His smile remained , but his expression hardened .
tr	I	He ignores him , but Seth calls out to him .
tr	I	So too , it seemed , was Theo , and August was wearing his trademark checked shirt .
tr	I	Gabriel 's eyes dropped and there was a pause .
tr	O	Maybe I shouldn 't have commented , but I let my jealousy fuel my next move before I had time to reconsider .
tr	O	This is her place and I know she 's here .
tr	O	They had only a moment to wait before the door burst open and Gannon stuck his head in .
tr	I	Right then it didn 't matter , but she couldn 't remember which article she 'd found that quote in .
tr	I	She 'd be damned if he thought she was still upset over his departure and he 'd left her seven years ago !
tr	I	It never lasted very long , but she was clearly in pain .
tr	O	I had anticipated this move as well , and I again floored the gas pedal at the last possible moment to escape .
tr	O	It would have to be his decision but I wanted to see if he could help in some way .
tr	I	I took it away from them and they stole something from this man .
tr	O	My head spun and my heart pounded .
tr	O	He was surprised but he wasn 't about to argue .
tr	O	I want to take the words back as soon as they leave my lips , but it 's too late .
tr	O	She had been through a lot tonight and she had every right to her suspicions .
tr	I	My eyes dart around the shared space , and I lock the door behind me .
tr	I	Then everything was a dark dream , and another blow fell on his crown .
tr	O	' I suspected as much , ' Chael nodded , but a wave of relief washed across his face nonetheless .
tr	O	I couldn 't hear anything and my eyesight began to dim .
tr	I	I was out of tampons , and it was actually getting close to my period .
tr	O	A tiny pattern of lights was imbedded in the fabric , however and it would intermittently fire at several times during the night .
tr	O	I loved to shop , and finding fun outfits to wear on the court was my passion at the moment .
tr	I	I 'm sure your friend will tell me the same thing tomorrow , and I am fine .
tr	I	Now he was getting close to his destination and Ted had known exactly where he was going .
tr	O	The thinning hair on his head was almost white , and his Adam 's apple protruded from his neck like a small prune .
tr	I	I laughed and he looked at me in amusement .
tr	I	She spotted it through the trees , and his house , she assumed , was the next one on the right .
tr	O	A crackling noise came from Dom 's pocket and he lowered the needle , frowning .
tr	I	I loved every word and Jack was dead serious .
tr	I	He tears himself away from me to sit back on his heels , and Calder groans in response .
tr	O	None of this was a dream and her life was ruined .
tr	I	Beau suddenly knew why , whoever was in that tank was alone and it seemed to take forever for the shot to come .
tr	O	Her lips parted , and a soft gasp emerged from her mouth .
tr	I	What they covered , and he stared at her fingers .
tr	O	You cannot conceive of such deception and I cannot conceive of such goodness .
tr	O	He thought about calling Malory , but he didn 't know what he wanted to ask .
tr	I	Her mind rambled and her stomach turned .
tr	I	Her head constantly ached , and she felt beyond dehydrated .
tr	I	None of that had caused her a moment 's hesitation , but not the smartest thing she 'd ever done , admittedly .
tr	I	Once she passed , whispers followed her , and conversations stopped in mid-sentence when she came into view .
tr	I	Her eyes darkened and her smile faded .
tr	O	All eyes turned to her , and she waited a moment before continuing .
tr	O	The last of my caretakers there died , and I saw no reason to replace him .
tr	I	I had a hard time tearing my eyes away from the emergency exit sign , but I laughed .
tr	I	An answer escaped before natural cynicism could bar the door , but she was taken aback .
tr	O	She stared at me and then , without warning , dove for the syringe again .
tr	I	The pallet racks have been repositioned to form a fence around our new , temporary mechanical room and the inventory has been moved .
tr	I	His dad just squeezed him harder and Danny pretended to choke .
tr	I	It wouldn 't hurt , but he probably wouldn 't need a whole box .
tr	I	I look for her everywhere in the mist , and she 's clearly upset .
tr	I	Ollie noticed , and I thought about that smile .
tr	O	He directs this to the congregation , and we chorus our agreement .
tr	I	At those times it was all he could do not to respond , and other times her thoughts would come out clearly .
tr	O	She filled the hills in with loose , vigorous strokes , and the picture was done in minutes .
tr	I	That 's hard on a kid , and she 's just not the warmest person in the world .
tr	O	The eyes of the bird were small rubies and a large diamond was placed at the hilt .
tr	O	The room was empty but he knew she was underground .
tr	I	I shook my head and my mouth dropped open .
tr	I	He , too , darted away , and he did the same with Xerxes .
tr	I	The moment calls for something , but Temple doesn 't know what to say .
tr	I	After they 've split up , she has never smiled , but like many people used to say , she used to rarely smile before their relationship .
tr	I	The boy landed roughly , but Konstantin leaped on his own , as spry as ever .
tr	I	It should be there soon and I ordered pizza for delivery .
tr	I	Now my happy mood had completely vanished and I had to get ready for work .
tr	O	Blake waved his hand over the candles , and all the wicks sparked a tiny flame .
tr	O	All around were hilltops and in the distance the sun was setting .
tr	O	His father was probably quite handsome in his youth , but the years had not been kind to him .
tr	I	She was determined to prove him right and Dad thought she was good enough to be in the Olympics one day .
tr	O	You can 't , and you shouldn 't !
tr	O	The thing had been wrong , whatever justifications he had given himself , and anger was quickly subsumed in shame .
tr	I	Finally I told her I had to go , and we spent a couple of hours talking about old times .
tr	O	I took off my shirt and she put her face on my chest facing me .
tr	I	Now that the pregnancy was past , they would drift toward their separate lives , and they were kids .
tr	O	The Elementals had been stopped , but they would come once more .
tr	I	His fangs emerged and he pulled back his lips .
tr	I	He 's been to Frostburg exactly once , and my best pal from the Marine Corps lives in Pittsburgh , two hours away .
tr	I	He leans back , but I reach out to touch him .
tr	I	She was overcome by the most amazing smells , and the bike soon came to a stop .
tr	I	He didn 't say a word , but I could sense Cole behind me .
tr	I	Now the girls stood by her side , raring to go , and she hadn 't even had a chance to touch her food .
tr	I	She understood why Melanie liked working with the calves so much , and Mandy felt the little life stirring in her arms .
tr	I	So far it had been gripping and I was about a third of my way through the book .
tr	O	His eyes were shiny and the green in them glowed as if he might cry .
tr	O	It was a Saturday morning , and there were loads of couples in the park .
tr	I	Three security guards , but when I had gone abroad last year , it had been with not one , not two .
tr	O	Her eyes were very bright , and her cheeks flushed .
tr	O	I check the area , but no one is paying attention .
tr	I	The man slumped on his seat , unconscious , and he shot his elbow into Argos 's face .
tr	O	He was every bit as handsome as Hunter , yet there was something ethereal about him .
tr	I	I had somewhere I needed to be and she 'd be busy for awhile .
tr	O	She could barely chew for the rotten way it made her feel , but she did not give in .
tr	I	Underneath the fabric his skin is hot to the touch , and I 've already loosened his .
tr	O	The young woman nodded , ' The man that was drowning was her love for a very long time but he never knew .
tr	O	The day passed , and we barely noticed .
tr	O	One of them stepped forward , and Cain punched the angel in the nose .
tr	I	She wanted none of his money , but he was a partner who made $ 800,000 a year .
tr	I	She couldn 't place it , but the background was familiar to her .
tr	O	Her shirt ripped and her shorts unbuttoned .
tr	I	He staggered backward , wobbling too high off the ground , like an amateur on stilts , and another blow pummeled him .
tr	I	He arrived a few minutes early , and the appointment was for 5 P.M. .
tr	I	I move my chair closer to him slightly and Curiosity takes the place of my initial doubt .
tr	O	They would come over him at times and no one could tell him the cause .
tr	I	The rooms were empty , but they opened the door .
tr	O	He was intense , needing something , wanting something , but she was afraid to guess what that might be .
tr	I	Sue was long gone , but Raja raced to the door .
tr	O	Outside , the rain had stopped , but it was still pitch dark .
tr	I	Sky opened it and the door unlocked .
tr	I	I was determined to find out what happened , but the next day at school was slightly awkward .
tr	I	These guys were tough , but -lsb- 1 ] You 'd think the letter would have scared them off .
tr	O	Of a kind I 'd never seen before , but there was no mistaking what they were doing .
tr	O	He was not a violent man , but he desperately wanted to hit someone .
tr	I	Gareth raced forward to drag him from his place and he screamed .
tr	O	One of the other Inquisitors unlocks the door , and it groans open .
tr	I	I tasted blood in my mouth and the stone felt cold beneath me .
tr	O	The bright lights seared my eyes for all of a minute , but by then my escorts had shut the door on the cell .
tr	I	As I ran my eyes upward , I tried not to tremble , and it was attached to a leg clad in an impeccably cut suit .
tr	O	He began to move inside her , and soon his gentle movements weren 't enough .
tr	I	She had some new problems and escape plans continued to progress .
tr	O	There were dark shadows under his eyes and his face was more pale than usual .
tr	O	There was a lurching sensation in my stomach , as if going over a dip on a rollercoaster , and an epiphany struck me .
tr	I	They all rushed out of the house totally shocked and it pulled up with a cloud of dust next to the front door .
tr	O	He 's overestimated what little talent I have and he 's going to be disillusioned .
tr	I	There was no hope of escape , but I tried to swim in it , looking for an air pocket .
tr	I	My heart 's hammering inside my chest and I realize my own hands are shaking .
tr	I	He had seen that last night , but he saw the garden .
tr	I	She could hardly tell them apart , and * * * Days seemed to pass fluidly .
tr	O	Having Delaney there grounded her , and she appreciated that .
tr	O	More gunfire sounded behind me , but I was long gone .
tr	I	Julie clearly thought she was revealing a significant fact , but she had no idea what difference that would make .
tr	O	I want to put it out of my mind , but I cannot .
tr	O	I am certain now that this must be my sister and I love her for her tenderness .
tr	O	Ian 's eyes sparkled , and in a moment he was leading the way for the group toward the small door .
tr	I	Love struck when they saw her and male students were mesmerized .
tr	O	Living room guy is missing his hands and the blood needs to be cleaned up .
tr	I	There was no reason to spend weekends apart , and Amber was Michael 's lover .
tr	O	I mean it 's like her , but it 's not .
tr	O	His duty was to the Order , and there was no room for distractions .
tr	I	Now it was costing Lexi , and he 'd been reckless with his health .
tr	O	You keep telling her she doesn 't have a place in your life anymore but she tries to convince you that you belong together .
tr	I	The intimacy they 'd already shared seemed to draw them together again and their eyes met .
tr	O	The dress made me look truly beautiful , but it was tight around my waist .
tr	O	The water that streamed down on him was warm , but he gasped anyway .
tr	I	I shouted his name as I came , and the words drove me over the edge .
tr	O	Ford wasn 't the worst of the bunch , but he 'd never been an angel , either .
tr	I	She already missed her dad like crazy , but she 'd been gone only two weeks .
tr	O	I guess it doesn 't get much attention because of Myrtle Beach , but it 's popular down south .
tr	I	She is definitely worth waiting for , and Rachel is the kind of girl that requires a wait .
tr	O	He 'd cleaned out the bathroom , too , and as Sarah walked through the house , she saw what her subconscious had noted earlier .
tr	I	They were creative , but of course all the insults flying followed the same home wrecking slut , no talent whore , kind of topic .
tr	I	My tongue was stuck to the back of my throat and my head felt as though someone was pounding it with a sledgehammer .
tr	O	Her eyes flew open again and she stopped moving against him .
tr	O	Eric straightened up from where he 'd sagged , but another spasm wracked his body , snakes of pain whipping through him .
tr	O	She 'd clapped her hands over her ears to block it out , but it had been too powerful .
tr	I	It didn 't hurt , but he wasn 't gentle .
tr	O	He had a truck that was barely a year old , but he mostly kept it around back , out of sight .
tr	I	They both put the bags on the floor and Cassy followed her through .
tr	O	Her mouth rose to meet his and they sank deep into another sensual kiss .
tr	O	I wouldn 't kill him , but it would be the next closest thing .
tr	I	Devon grabbed hold of his arm , holding him back , but Julian reached out to push Devon aside .
tr	I	Meredith had a penchant for inviting only her blonde cousins up to the lakeside cabin in the summer and Uncle Peter had a cabin in the Catskills .
tr	O	The ceiling disappeared high above , and at the end of the great hall a line of one-hundred dark steps rose to an empty summit .
tr	O	Mackenzie forced her concentration back to her work but she knew where he was .
tr	O	I reached for the lamp , but it was too far away .
tr	I	His voice softens , and his smile fades .
tr	I	Eating food and cracking heads .
tr	I	He knew the cause well enough , but Ned couldn 't convey in a glance the reason for Holt 's sudden burst of manners .
tr	I	I didn 't spend the night alone , but Sam may have turned me down .
tr	I	Generators turned and Water boiled .
tr	I	Now it has bit us , and we carried a snake right into our home .
tr	I	This time Ken would probably screen even more carefully , and now she was excited about the possibility of a new journey .
tr	O	The clerk kindly handed Alexia a letter opener , and she cut through the seal .
tr	O	Saber made herself look as innocent as possible , but deep inside she was as cold as ice .
tr	O	Christmas was only two weeks away , and it looked as if there would be plenty of snow on Christmas Day .
tr	I	She 'd been following this case , but if it was anything else except this , she would have kept her mouth shut .
tr	O	I know these are confidences I should have to earn through months of slow intimacy , but I can 't help myself .
tr	I	He realized now that that wasn 't a bad thing , and she was more her father 's daughter than she 'd ever realized .
tr	I	He began to grimace , and Hammer 's former cheer faded .
tr	O	He had been noticing the problem for several weeks , and it was time to address it .
tr	O	He patted Kane on the rump and together they began crawling toward shore .
tr	I	There was also a slight hint of anger in her eyes but her features showed kindness .
tr	O	It 's been two weeks and they haven 't found anything .
tr	O	Her face was flushed and I could see her pulse fluttering in her neck .
tr	O	I had no suit , but I didn 't care .
tr	O	Joe started to whimper , and David stepped away in disgust when he realized that the man wasn 't fighting back .
tr	I	I did it anyway , but I also knew better than to glance over my shoulder .
tr	I	He 's watching him go and I look at my dad .
tr	I	He 'd never be my boyfriend , but he could potentially become my boss .
tr	I	I feel my heels sticking to the sticky floor , and the lights are dim , barely illuminating the mass of people crowded into the main room .
tr	O	Voices shout from behind me and Terry buries her face into my shoulder .
tr	O	I feared that I wouldn 't be able to gain control over the burning pain , and I couldn 't lose it here .
tr	I	The team formed a huddle around their coach and a whistle blew .
tr	I	There was a dark , amused edge to the words , but Ada asked .
tr	O	My eyes went to her and I shook my head .
tr	I	This is an emergency but normally I go here in the morning when I have more time .
tr	I	Much of the hair I had anticipated to be there was nowhere to be found , and their skin was pale .
tr	I	The Captain beckoned him and he looked up at the wheel .
tr	I	I can feel the vibration of his low , deep voice , but his response is no more than a whisper .
tr	O	He seems to tolerate us for dog treats , but there is no love there .
tr	O	I couldn 't argue with her but I could at least try to make her feel better .
tr	O	Tears prick my eyes and my weakness makes me angry .
tr	O	Useless Legs , like Billy , had been injured and as a result was unable to use his legs .
tr	O	A scanner stuttered into life and we listened to an Enforce officer call in a street robbery just around the corner .
tr	I	Sandra had told her that he thought he was a pirate now and Celeste had heard the passengers talking about Jake 's ' episode ' .
tr	O	She had known the answer before she 'd asked , but hearing him say it was a thousand times worse .
tr	O	We immortals have our histories , too , and this particular war will never be forgotten .
tr	O	Let 's just say math is not my strong suit , and my phone etiquette sometimes leaves a lot to be desired .
tr	O	Alonso lifted one of the mitts and Lea hit it with a jab .
tr	O	I didn 't know where Aberdeen was , but Scotland wasn 't that big .
tr	I	The sound was weak but Nora strummed the guitar .
tr	I	It 's obvious he 's busy , but I want to say , Yes , please come get me .
tr	O	The echoes built again , bouncing wildly , and Claire crouched down in place , hands firmly over her ears again .
tr	O	I happen to know you very well , and I happen to be in love with you .
tr	O	He had something on his mind and it involved her spending the night in the penthouse Quinn Azure painted bedroom .
tr	I	Brandon pulled me back so that I was right against him and he turned back around .
tr	I	Then the next I want to make you submit to me , and one minute I want to throttle you .
tr	O	I reacted against him , and he tried to block a blow that never came .
tr	I	Another piece of that lifetime began to fall into place and Amelia experienced Sasha 's childhood memories .
tr	O	Morgan gets in Becca 's face and they continue to argue .
tr	O	Memories trickled in from that hellish haze after he 'd lost her , but he pushed them away .
tr	I	His own tears slipped off his cheeks , adding to the page pooled with sorrow , and Viktor understood both sets .
tr	I	I was told to stay out here , and he carried me out the back door .
tr	O	I love it here , but my time is running .
tr	O	Kill the right people , and you become a hero .
tr	I	He could not move , but he howled in outrage .
tr	I	Her nails were perfectly manicured and her fingers were thin .
tr	O	I couldn 't blame her , but I didn 't want to let her go without saying thanks .
tr	O	It became a figure of eight , cleverly jointed , and as she twisted it back the loops swung together .
tr	I	He had standards , but he was over a barrel .
tr	O	It was metal , but it was surprisingly light .
tr	O	I know it sounds like cheesy kung fu movie stuff , but you learn to think fast in the In-Between .
tr	I	Lizzie jerked back trembling , and the words were as effective as a slap in the face .
tr	O	My grandmother smiles at me and it reminds of my mom .
tr	O	Jase was a prominent billionaire and he wasn 't worried about his reputation .
tr	I	She didn 't dare take a bath , but a large tub sat in the corner .
tr	I	She had a rude awakening instead , but she thought that she could play with me .
tr	I	Ruben held off inhaling for fear of being heard in the silence surrounding the gentle hum of the enormous processor , and a hush followed .
tr	O	They were organic , and they were genuine .
tr	O	He was so gentle , but she needed him closer .
tr	I	Nobody took notice of my needs , but he took care of the boys .
tr	I	We want it , and Kidd has it .
tr	O	The usher handed her a bulletin and she stepped into the sanctuary .
tr	O	It seems weird , but I actually keep thinking about shooting myself in the head .
tr	O	The stairs up to the porch squeaked like they needed oil , and an old Marley knocker sat in the center of the door .
tr	I	Those photos had been during the man 's time in office , but he 'd seen photos of the guy .
tr	I	She nodded , and they spoke in an intimate manner , heads close .
tr	O	It was dark , and I was glad .
tr	I	She traces the tattoos that decorate my arm from wrist to shoulder , and her fingertips touch my forearm lightly .
tr	I	The first cut it always the deepest ... and I think these boys are my very first love .
tr	I	Warning prickles marched down Stacy 's spine , and a predatory gleam flashed in his eyes .
tr	O	I want to scratch them out , but I do not want to sleep .
tr	O	She couldn 't make out any details in the dark , but she was almost positive it was a piece of rope .
tr	O	Melinda rolled her eyes , and Sean hid a smile .
tr	O	She was perfect for the part and I signed her for the movie .
tr	O	Our waters were refilled and I took a bite .
tr	I	He hadn 't even gotten that far and I 'd been with him for six months .
tr	O	Any remnants of his earlier levity disappeared , and his expression shifted to a pained look .
tr	I	I paint exactly like him , but I never intentionally tried to copy his style .
tr	I	They had bid each other a tearful farewell , and nobody was to know that Michael had walked with Karl through the night to Newcastle docks .
tr	I	He 's too isolated and I want what 's best for Sean .
tr	O	Peyton tried to say she was staying with her , but I already made the decision that Ellery was staying with me .
tr	O	He requested this favor of me but he needs to do his part .
tr	I	She is on the inside but she doesn 't look brave on the outside .
tr	I	I felt a strong need to do exactly the opposite of what society said I should do and it was all so wrong .
tr	I	I think about how lucky I was that I didn 't hit anyone , and I remember running through that light .
tr	O	Each individual speck was innocent , yet there were too many , far too many .
tr	O	She screams a little more , hugging my legs again , and my heart feels full enough to burst at her excitement .
tr	O	Being alone in New Orleans wasn 't ideal , but neither was giving up before the summer ended .
tr	I	The earl 's face drained of all color , and my voice was thunderous even to my ears .
tr	I	I shook my head at her terrible manners and she finished her Coke in one long pull .
tr	I	Sticking her head in the sand had definitely not been the right approach , and Financials had always been a mystery to her .
tr	I	It 's perfect , but it 's too much .
tr	O	No vampires in sight , but then Claire wouldn 't expect there to be so close to noon .
tr	I	Now he was ogling her like a piece of candy and he 'd almost drowned the poor woman .
tr	I	He couldn 't bring himself to stop listening , yet he felt he 'd no right to look .
tr	I	She never let go of him but she was very tense .
tr	I	She needed to keep it and she had a level head .
tr	I	To admit it crushes the contentment of the moment , but I know he 's right .
tr	I	Savannah was grateful for the distraction , and Rocco whined .
tr	I	Nick smiled back in response and Maxi giggled .
tr	I	My impression was that David Shaw was not terribly different , but I did not know her husband well .
tr	O	The pain spikes , and my body goes limp from the electricity .
tr	I	There had been no such antics until Skyler , but the house brought back memories of his childhood .
tr	O	He hadn 't yet pulled on his uniform , but already he bore some kind of authority .
tr	O	The food came , and they started eating .
tr	I	These are new canvases , but I admit my style reflects Van Gogh 's influence .
tr	O	His story poured out of him and the woman listened to every word .
tr	O	His stomach rumbled and I laughed against his mouth .
tr	I	There weren 't nearly as many guards out here as there had been in the rotunda , but I passed a few more giants in my wanderings .
tr	O	She followed him out the window and they climbed down the tree together .
tr	O	Jeremy 's parents had adopted Chad since he had no living relatives , and Marcus received funds from the Grand Master to help support him through college .
tr	I	When she saw him , really saw him , she faltered , but she was fierce , ready to scold .
tr	I	I knew he was hungry as well and he 'd been thirsty , quite thirsty .
tr	I	I held my breath , waiting for someone to appear , and Mercer 's office door creaked as I slid it open .
tr	O	Blythe laughs too , a sound she hardly makes but when she does , it 's musical .
tr	I	She 'd be right , and my aunt would 've said we couldn 't have done that in a month of Sundays .
tr	I	A small finger gently brushed her lips , but she was about to say more .
tr	I	Yet he found himself submitting to her game , and it was absurd to his way of thinking .
tr	O	Edson glances at Duncan , and the prefect answers me .
tr	O	Gwendolyn 's expression darkened , her high spirits suddenly ruined - and Thor immediately felt guilty that he had brought it up .
tr	O	A huff escaped from her lips and she crossed her arms in front of her .
tr	O	Grace wasn 't quite sure what , but she suddenly felt sick , as a chill ran down her spine .
tr	O	There was a disturbance by the trapdoor , and it creaked open reluctantly .
tr	I	I knew I couldn 't count on it to come to my rescue , but I might have helped the wolf during the avalanche .
tr	O	His eyes filled with sadness , but his gaze didn 't waver .
tr	I	They didn 't initiate any more conversation , and I couldn 't think of anything else to talk about .
tr	I	The grip on her wrist relaxed and her touch appeared to calm him .
tr	I	Vane refused , but they tried to leave him behind .
tr	I	The wall must be scaled , or one brief glance told them the gate would need to be forced open .
tr	O	Daniel 's arms gave way and he toppled to the floor .
tr	I	He smiled at me and I looked at Victor .
tr	O	I raised the blankets up to my nose and a slight smile grew on my face .
tr	O	His head dropped and he nodded deeply .
tr	O	We have to get Allie 's Light Stone from him and I want to be the one to do it .
tr	O	She had no choice and she hated that even more than she hated herself at that moment ( which was saying something ) .
tr	O	It hurt to admit those truths , but it was freeing in a way too .
tr	I	It slid back into place and we passed through the door .
tr	O	Dating was a whole different beast and I wasn 't certain he grasped the significance .
tr	I	He soon became curious about what Justin was doing outside the property and Joshua would watch as Justin left him all alone .
tr	O	Not right now anyway and she was frightened he may never be there again .
tr	O	That wasn 't necessarily a bad thing , but when it came to a game like House Guests ?
tr	I	Just talking about it brought the real world intruding into their private paradise , but she had known he would have to have his eyes checked again .
tr	I	I was only slowly starting to understand what he meant , but Dr. Miller 's words echoed in my mind .
tr	O	Dawn came on the heel of these thoughts , and he realized he had come to no conclusion .
tr	O	Porsche asked , and I shrugged .
tr	O	The quartermaster considered arguing with the Captain for a moment , but he knew there was no point .
tr	I	I do , but you may not believe that you could ever want that .
tr	O	He was so strangely beautiful , and the power of his personality was overwhelming .
tr	I	We had no time to clean up , and my prints were all over the house by this point .
tr	I	He didn 't stop her , but his growl of frustration rumbled his chest against hers .
tr	I	Her nose quite red and Liz 's cheeks were rosy .
tr	I	She slid a bite of dessert into his open mouth and it dispelled more when he leaned forward .
tr	O	He had heard that a credit card worked well on this kind of simple household lock but he hadn 't carried plastic for nearly five years .
tr	O	She didn 't know why , but she had to have him .
tr	I	He took her by her shoulders and Paul 's eyes widened in disbelief .
tr	I	He sensed a trap , but her tone was mild .
tr	I	If something were to happen to him here , no one would notice for quite some time , and he was quite far away from the others .
tr	I	Not like this , not the way Jack was going to do it , but yes , she 'd wanted out .
tr	O	I 'd thought I was within shouting distance of the mansion , not that there was anyone to shout to , but I was wrong .
tr	O	If she dreamed , it was probably unpleasant , but she didn 't remember .
tr	I	Ignoring that is what would be a waste and she has an incredible talent .
tr	I	It seemed a little too unorthodox for me , but he assured me that pregnant women fired guns .
tr	I	He suspected she did , too , and he knew it .
tr	O	Something slammed into him and he was bowled over .
tr	I	We exited the craft onto the training facility podium and the controlling stabilizers stopped moving .
tr	I	I apparently hated him too and he hated me now .
tr	O	We head down the porch , and I turn to get a look at the house .
tr	O	The boy scampered away and Henry retreated back under the balcony .
tr	O	When control was lost , a vampire could do anything , and often that was when the human population became aware of the demons lurking amongst them .
tr	O	Lily was laying at her feet completely lifeless , and Dad was patting her comfortingly on the back .
tr	O	I stretched my arm to reach hers , and I closed my fingers softly on hers .
tr	I	Two cushioned chairs faced his desk , and a brown leather couch ran the length of one wall .
tr	I	That was a little scary and he wasn 't too rational right now .
tr	I	She let it work its way into her voice before she spoke and a dark power slithered to life within her .
tr	O	I can 't claim to know everything , but I will tell you what I know .
tr	O	Just when she thought he was about to pull away , his hand shifted and his fingers laced with hers .
tr	O	She needed to get to work , and she couldn 't be late to her first contract .
tr	O	I checked the little piece of paper he 'd scrawled his new phone number on , and I punched it in .
tr	O	Every sigh she made sent Sean into a tailspin , and watching his anxiety escalate over the last several months had been very entertaining .
tr	O	You aren 't worth nothing , and to think that I have to tell people that I am coaching you .
tr	O	I wanted to hurry to the backyard to get a better view , but Claudine caught hold of my arm .
tr	I	Very few people randomly save a stranger on their vacation , but people lose sunglasses all the time .
tr	I	It sunk , and something in my head told my heart to prepare itself for disappointment .
tr	I	Any allies would have to set out immediately upon receiving the message , and the time frame for which support would be possible was miniscule .
tr	O	Her body felt like lead , and each step was like wading through quicksand .
tr	I	The aching sincerity in his voice was her downfall , but there was a form of protection in staying angry .
tr	O	When he isn 't trying to be uselessly spectacular , he really is good ; and his sister is almost as good .
tr	O	We 've got the windows rolled down and the wind is thrashing my hair around .
tr	I	You deserve some celebrating , and you 've worked hard .
tr	O	I have my cell phone in my pocket , and I 'm sure she had hers .
tr	O	The chair was wide , thank God , and she maneuvered herself onto him .
tr	I	From the looks of his posture , he 's expecting me to hit him , and he 's standing upright now .
tr	O	His fingers found another clip and he carefully pulled it out .
tr	O	McBride didn 't speak Russian , but he automatically came to attention , exactly in time with the others .
tr	O	The girl 's face turned ashen , and the big man 's shoulders slumped in response .
tr	I	I knew I couldn 't stay here , but I didn 't know what I was going to do .
tr	O	She 'd seen paintings from its collection in her art history class at Georgetown University but she had no idea who owned it now .
tr	O	Two of the men got into the vehicle beside her and two were in front .
tr	I	He nodded once , and our eyes met .
tr	O	He stared at the flimsy curtains he 'd bought as well , and the cheap white window shades behind them .
tr	I	I don 't care to know , and I 've no idea where it is .
tr	I	Snowflakes began falling , and the wind was becoming colder .
tr	O	They were fighting a losing battle and they knew it .
tr	I	We came to an abrupt stop and the car slowed down .
tr	O	Marion doesn 't know this , but my son threw me off the property .
tr	I	It 's a public place , but he wants to embrace her on the spot .
tr	O	The Wanderers hadn 't been moving fast , but I knew they had to be right on top of us now .
tr	O	She grabbed for his hand and as he laced their fingers together , a curling ribbon of warmth flowed through her .
tr	O	It stuck out toward them , but its slopes were still too steep to climb .
tr	I	She snuggled closer , peacefully content as sleep once again claimed her , and he dropped a kiss against her brow .
tr	I	My throat hurt too badly but I wanted to ask more .
tr	I	There 's Everything , but there 's Nothing .
tr	O	I think he and his friends are trying to rob the store .
tr	O	I closed my eyes and she held me tighter .
tr	O	She knew that would be her last kill , but she would still die with her blade raised .
tr	O	They could cover themselves with a flesh mask in order to look human , but I 'd seen what was underneath the mask .
tr	O	A frontal assault was suicidal , but how could we sneak in ?
tr	O	She let out a howl and her body tightened against me .
tr	I	I didn 't know if I was ready to do that , and you had to devote your life to it .
tr	I	What was happening at The Conduit and his mind was focused on Stewart .
tr	O	Something held him in place , upright , and she knew it wasn 't his muscles .
tr	O	His furious wife entered the room , and she immediately started in on him .
tr	I	Jane found herself unable to deny it and he explained how he knew of her link to the new member .
tr	I	He didn 't answer , but I asked quietly .
tr	I	David brushed away her concerns but Sarah felt guilty every time she pulled a can out of one of those boxes .
tr	O	Subtle pink lipstick filled out her lips , making them appear more than kissable , and his pulse sped up as she moved closer .
tr	O	She has everything , and I have nothing .
tr	O	Felix was already standing , but his squinted eyes suggested that he was about as enthusiastic about getting up at dawn as I was .
tr	O	So far , she had managed to keep her temper in check , but it was getting harder day-by-day .
tr	O	Dallas thought about the long flight over to Israel , but because he was so tired he slept most of the way .
tr	O	She was right , but Geary wasn 't about to let her know that .
tr	I	He recently ascended the throne after his father passed , and I 've done business with him for years .
tr	O	Brick now turned to her , and he got that expression on his face he always did when he felt like he had something to teach her .
tr	O	Nodding solemnly , Soren appeared to consider his words , but no one was fooled .
tr	I	He held it off , but nausea ebbed toward him .
tr	O	The teachers were fine and the kids were fine .
tr	O	At first Buster was sitting in the back while Sarah sat in the passenger seat , and of course , Jeremy was in the driver 's seat .
tr	I	He did , and she was more than willing to let him practice .
tr	I	I don 't want him to be all alone , but he goes for the door .
tr	O	Her father shoved her into the backseat , and her head hit the opposite window hard .
tr	I	If she was loyal , she 'd never be able to prove her innocence , and if she proved her innocence , she was disloyal .
tr	O	He looked especially toothy today , and since there was blood between some of those teeth , the effect was not reassuring .
tr	I	Eve distracted him by clutching his arm , but Noah would 've pointed out that she 'd only been married a short time .
tr	O	The next hostel on the list wasn 't much better , but they were only there for one night , possibly two .
tr	O	The kick struck Gert just above his right ear and nearly flung the man to the street .
tr	O	You probably don 't even know what an electrified fence is , and I guess it 's best you don 't find out firsthand .
tr	I	His eyes gleamed with doubt , and his brows winged up .
tr	O	Yes , Annabelle awoke with the same intense hunger that all new vampires awake with , but she didn 't go for humans .
tr	I	No scandal he knew of attached itself to her name , but yes , he would admit she had a wild streak .
tr	I	I could see the fear seeping through some , but they were all trying to maintain calm expressions .
tr	O	The ladle touched my lips and I sucked down the human blood .
tr	O	His mind was restless , his body tense , but he didn 't want to go home .
tr	I	He 'll come crawling back to me , and one day Ares will get over himself .
tr	O	If he were well , it would be a simple matter , but he had only one arm .
tr	I	My vision was so blurry I could hardly see anything , and my head ached like someone had it in a vise .
tr	O	Some of this he could have found through official channels , but it would have taken days instead of hours .
tr	I	I saw nothing but I turned on the lamp .
tr	I	She felt how aroused he was and he rocked his h * ps .
tr	I	I couldn 't be sure , but I thought Lia was joking .
tr	I	One of her sisters had dabbled in a guilty human pleasure that was forbidden among her kind ... sex and Bonnie had left her clan because she .
tr	I	Emma sensed the struggle inside him and Dimitri laid his head on her shoulder .
tr	I	Nadia stopped him , but Emmanuel reached for his wine flask .
tr	I	I couldn 't put my finger on it , but there was something vaguely wrong with this picture .
tr	O	Nate sat down next to me and my mother sat next to Rick .
tr	I	I owed you so much , and not after you saved Miranda .
tr	O	Not much of the nasty side effects getting to her , but we also haven 't learned to put barriers between us .
tr	I	He was going to give it all he had , but too much had happened .
tr	I	He gave the man a coin , but the General bristled at being called a boy .
tr	O	I am a tolerant soul , but I will not tolerate subversion .
tr	I	I knew he would hear the terror in my cracking voice , and if he was trying to freak me out , he succeeded .
tr	O	He was disoriented when he woke up , but he would be strong that day .
tr	O	Terra pulled him into a hug once she was fully on her feet , and she smiled with a slight sigh when his arms went around her .
tr	I	It took them nearly an hour to wind down , and they were wired from playing with Karen 's children .
tr	I	I couldn 't blame her , and she looked at me dubiously .
tr	O	Her jaw threatened to drop but she knew better than to gawk outwardly .
tr	I	She 'd grown quiet , but she wasn 't complaining .
tr	O	Women were fickle and they fought dirty .
tr	I	He wouldn 't let her but she tried to look away .
tr	O	His dark , wavy hair hung loose , and his face was freshly shaved .
tr	I	She was day and he was night .
tr	O	Frank was on his second beer , and the Coors had been replaced with Old Milwaukee .
tr	O	They settled into the easy , mocking banter they had known since childhood , but Thomas could sense uneasiness in his friend .
tr	O	A fine coat of dust covered the floor , and cobwebs hung in the corners of the ceiling .
tr	O	She held out her arms and he climbed onto the bed , kneeling between Melody 's legs .
tr	I	You have nothing left there , but I went to Olympia first .
tr	O	Our heads snapped up , but it was only Stella , emerging from the building holding three bags .
tr	I	His teeth were chattering uncontrollably , but he tried to bite the suit , to pull himself up with his teeth .
tr	O	The muscles in her back tensed , and his hand stilled against her skin .
tr	I	She caught a glimpse of Jack and a shout came from the dock .
tr	O	We each tried to shield the other from the truth , but the lies backfired worse than either of us could foresee .
tr	O	Samantha silently handed Bonnie her shoes , and Bonnie pul ed them back on .
tr	I	His eyes were blazing with frustration , and Cedric wore a bandage .
tr	O	Most of it was on casters , so that was easy , but the old oak sideboard was a bit of a challenge .
tr	O	No one 's paying any attention to me yet , and that 's just the way our team wants it .
tr	I	My mom turned to me with a questioning look on her face , and my parents watched her walk away .
tr	I	Likewise , she knew everything about me , and I knew everything about Becky .
tr	I	I have no idea who she is , but apparently we 're old friends .
tr	O	Whoever was out there was losing the battle , and Cassie was not about to let that happen .
tr	I	No sound came out but he opened his mouth as if to scream .
tr	O	I did a lot of research before James went under the knife , but I didn 't have any say in the decision .
tr	I	It made his protective instincts roar to life , and she was helpless like this .
tr	I	It would certainly annoy the senator , but that might solve one problem for her .
tr	I	His smile showed approval of my bikini , but his aviator sunglasses hid his dark eyes .
tr	I	His eyes found mine , burning me where I stood , and I turned back to look at him .
tr	I	You sure got one , and you wanted an adventure when you left for Kentucky .
tr	I	She slowly sat back down and Riley motioned for her to stop .
tr	O	The Skulls were all about the family , and it was because of that family that Frederick got his own way .
tr	I	The Elders encourage it because it shows our superiority , but only the unsophisticated believe it .
tr	I	It was never meant for more , but I liked him , yeah .
tr	O	Francesca 's heart was pounding frantically and she took a deep breath to calm herself .
tr	O	His mouth was opened slightly , and he looked a little confused .
tr	O	All traces of Tabitha were gone , and Hanna could see Ali so clearly it hurt .
tr	I	I hated the thought of killing humans , and there would definitely be fighting in town .
tr	O	Will leaned across her to put the mug down on the table , and his shoulder brushed hers .
tr	I	They were digging , but he said his sources knew little .
tr	O	Ronan was lesser than Deni , and he dared to confront Dylan .
tr	O	To crush your opposition , you needed a hammer , and Jace was a much more delicate weapon than that .
tr	O	It had been a very long time since he had gone swimming , and he could think of no one he would rather do it with .
tr	O	They had no fear for their lives , but an eager anticipation of a new event to get them across the lava to safety .
tr	I	He spoke so low it was hard to place , but it was achingly familiar .
tr	I	That was pretty much all Devon could see of her , and the woman 's leg was hitched around the guy 's waist .
tr	O	She pauses for a moment and her eyes narrow .
tr	I	We would be trapped and everyone would be out in less than two minutes .
tr	I	Unfortunately , sometimes it wasn 't , but sometimes it was .
tr	I	He stared at her as if she was a miracle of time , and the only person Peter had ever seen do that was his mother .
tr	O	His eyes lower , and when he lifts them again , they are completely vulnerable .
tr	O	The biker didn 't duck , and Julian caught him one hard blow to the chin that made him stagger backward .
tr	O	He said softly and I looked away .
tr	I	He began to pace , and the cheerful expression he 'd worn for the past hour slipped .
tr	O	I dropped to my knees as the last heap of dirt covered the vampire 's cries , and David came to squat before me .
tr	O	There was no grace , no perfection about me , but in Cade 's eyes there was .
tr	I	The door open without me even touching it and with a soft click the knob turned .
tr	I	He sure does get things done fast , and that guy is a bundle of energy .
tr	I	You have proven you have no place in it , and this is their world now .
tr	I	Everyone exited , and other doors opened .
tr	I	Soon Rome returned to normal and --------- The weeks went by .
tr	I	He could make her give in , but she might think she was scared of him .
tr	O	My mouth dropped open to ask where they were , how they were , if I could see them , but his face shut off my questions .
tr	I	It snows , a lot and it 's cold .
tr	I	I could feel the pressure building , but I was starting off low .
tr	O	Luna had her hand on Sebastian 's leg the entire time , but it was clear to me that she was staring at Alexander .
tr	I	My jaw drops and I turn .
tr	O	I stare at the beach , and in the movement of the waves , I hear my sister 's laughter .
tr	O	I try with all my strength to pull away from the two guys , but they aren 't about to let go of me .
tr	I	He mistook her intentions , but when he had his little fit of hilarity she tried to reach out to mend those weaves .
tr	O	The hollow ache in her chest became nigh unbearable and she lifted a hand to shelter her heart .
tr	O	she said to the dog happily , and Beans barked again .
tr	I	He doesn 't seem to have been in the mood to linger over the deaths , and he had 51 to dispatch , after all .
tr	O	I know his appearance was only a mask , and a millipede demon lived just under the shell .
tr	O	Our minds relaxed , and we focused on our bodies lying intertwined .
tr	I	I studied every expression , memorizing what notes made her happiest and that 's how attuned to her I 'd become in those few hours .
tr	I	I 'd have given whoever brought it a free show or good thing I 'd closed the door .
tr	I	She didn 't see anyone , but frightened , Mia looked around .
tr	I	It was still an acceptable trade but it was going to cost them a bit more .
tr	O	The doorbell rang , and they broke apart .
tr	I	A faint bruise in the shape of a hand remained on her face and tears were running down her face .
tr	O	She drew back in fear , and her red eyes widened .
tr	I	She was happy for him and it 'd been a good time in her own marriage .
tr	O	I didn 't know then what I do now about him , but I will say , I probably still would have done it .
tr	O	I didn 't want to play this game , but it was too late to back out now .
tr	O	I glance around for something to use as a weapon since I am hopeless with my fists but Honour is one step ahead of me .
tr	O	It seemed like weeks since he 'd been there , but it was really just that morning when he 'd left .
tr	O	Everyone mumbles good morning like everything is fine and I slightly relax .
tr	I	The man held him firmly but Jared tried to pull away .
tr	O	Chance 's arms tightened around me , and I didn 't try to get away .
tr	I	That 's a shame ; and he 's probably correct on both accounts .
tr	O	Josh had blighted her whole existence , and she still couldn 't help admiring him .
tr	I	It had , but he didn 't know when it happened .
tr	I	A slight grin lifted his lips upward , and he could see as her pupils constricted .
tr	O	The watchers may not know your identities , but they know you are here .
tr	I	Before she could , the door jerked open , but she lifted her hand to knock one more time .
tr	O	McBride pointed at the quayside , which was fairly busy with pedestrians , and he could see converted warehouses that now were bustling restaurants .
tr	I	I watched her as if she were about to grow a second head , and her change in mood continued to baffle me .
tr	O	He came at me with the knife lowered , and I dodged to the side just as the blade would have stabbed me .
tr	I	I let out a whimper , which always gets him excited and we both moan .
tr	I	Her gaze had shifted upwards toward the sky , but Clare asked , still looking out the window .
tr	O	When she reached Decker , her body paused and her hands rose .
tr	O	I tipped my weight forward and we both went down on our knees .
tr	I	She took him inside , tangling her tongue with his , and he kissed her .
tr	I	Many things were comically slow , and nothing was terribly fast now .
tr	I	My throat grew tight and as I presented myself in the hall my heart beat fast .
tr	I	He obviously had , but somehow , it was hard to picture Jason getting so plastered that he 'd married her .
tr	O	Physical abuse might be the most obvious , but emotional abuse often creates more damage .
tr	I	Still she fretted that Sebastian would return , and long moments of silence passed .
tr	I	She could taste the blood trickling into her mouth , and Julie cried out in pain .
tr	I	I grimaced , and he shot me a look .
tr	O	It was kind-of tight , but it worked .
tr	I	We leave early tomorrow and I must rest now as it is late .
tr	I	They clung to each other and he held her close afterward .
tr	O	She rolled her eyes , but I could see the shy smile on her face .
tr	I	Else these aren 't our footprints , or it 's happened since we passed .
tr	I	There was a crushing weigh on my chest , so it came out as nothing more than a breath , but I tried to laugh .
tr	O	The kid 's mouth was open , and I could see the ghoul 's disgusting blood clinging to Terry 's teeth .
tr	O	At least the room would retain some heat in the morning and the fire would be easier to restart .
tr	O	The door to Thomas 's bedroom was locked , and when the doctor called out to him to open the door , there was no answer .
tr	O	He could sense Shay moving farmer away , but the scent of her , still hung thick in the air .
tr	O	You hurt yourself , wear yourself out , and in the end 1 will win anyway .
tr	O	I wasn 't supposed to upon his request , but it was driving me crazy .
tr	O	Rome went off to wait for his mother but he did not relax as Daniela had instructed .
tr	O	' The girl there now is the one who served me yesterday ; and she was there Tuesday evening .
tr	I	Monica turned her face to look up at me , and they had reached the bottom of the stairs .
tr	O	I have no more faith in humanity than you do , but some humans are better than others .
tr	O	CHAPTER 3 It took me two days , but I called the number .
tr	O	David 's breath was on the back of her neck as he murmured into her ear , and his arms encircled her from behind .
tr	I	The lack of sleep left me irritated , and Guilt fol owed me everywhere I went .
tr	I	He was not about to argue , but it all seemed strange to him .
tr	O	I still wasn 't so sure , but I didn 't tell him that .
tr	I	She wanted to see his reaction but she was going out on a limb .
tr	O	I ask and he looks away - like he feels bad about it for whatever reason .
tr	O	Perhaps he would die of gangrene at a later date , but the way I saw it , he had it coming .
tr	I	He has these really shiny shoes on and his hair is combed to the side .
tr	O	My forehead was hot and my head was pounding .
tr	I	She led us straight to Amanda , and I followed her up the stairs .
tr	O	I tried to yank my arm free , but he was still holding on .
tr	O	Her heart began to beat quicker , and she coughed into the palm of her hand .
tr	I	He crashed on the bed empty handed , and I teleported away at the last second .
tr	I	I heard a harsh gasp behind me as I lined myself up over his stiff length , but he didn 't respond .
tr	O	The fire has now burned out completely , and her face is swallowed in darkness .
tr	O	He opened his mouth to say something but she stopped him .
tr	I	It was a dinosaur nuzzling me but it tried to nuzzle me .
tr	I	Zeus could hear her , but Gaia spoke softly .
tr	I	I cringed , turning into my pillows and * * * Something tickled my face .
tr	O	He only had one chance to make things right for her , and he was going to take it .
tr	O	Tess was indeed a wonder : calm , intelligent , determined , and to boot , the most beautiful woman Whitman had ever seen .
tr	O	Riley 's voice sounded uncertain , and I was annoyed at her .
tr	O	I lived in a narrow cul-de-sac , and parking here was always a challenge .
tr	O	Dane 's eyes glowed with red flame and he quickly put his hand on Lee 's shoulder .
tr	O	I don 't know why , but I think he 'll call my name .
tr	O	she screamed his name , but no answer bounced back .
tr	I	They were in the restricted area , and one set remained to be inspected .
tr	I	Elaina stepped smoothly out of his arms , and a nameless recruit peeked through the door .
tr	O	I can make your life very easy , or I can make it very uncomfortable .
tr	I	I 'd say we are close , but the shadows have not fallen yet .
tr	O	The table was set with a white table cloth , but nothing was laid on it yet .
tr	I	All at once a clock struck from somewhere in the house , but Voss wasn 't certain how long he stood looking down at her .
tr	O	Navy life was in Steve 's blood , and she didn 't know if he could find happiness outside the only career he 'd ever known .
tr	O	Take that , add a transatlantic flight , and then you have what happened to Simon .
tr	I	Then it burst open , and before he could finish his sentence , there was an urgent knocking on the door .
tr	I	When he was home , it was lovely , but Olivia hated having him gone such long hours .
tr	O	Damien starts to go across the table to strangle her , but I put a hand on his arm to stop him .
tr	I	Gabriel 's wards sent warnings to him minutes before they trotted close , and it was unusual to see men off the road .
tr	I	The pieces fit , but her brain was moving slowly .
tr	O	She seemed to flinch and he pulled it away .
tr	I	I broke its spider 's back with one of my branches and we came down on the monster .
tr	I	She despaired over continuing any kind of relationship with him and it said nothing positive to her .
tr	O	I don 't know why I cared at this point , but dammit , I stil had some smidge of vanity left .
tr	O	A few stray clumps of the reedy stuff grew next to the concrete porch and Dori had yanked up a bit of it .
tr	I	I 've never hit on a woman when I wasn 't drunk , and I even felt it .
tr	I	Both of her parents died two years ago and she was an only child .
tr	O	Ashley told me they had lied to me and maybe this computer held the evidence to that .
tr	O	He would not kill the lad , and the lad would work for him .
tr	I	Something told me he 'd expect me to react that way , but Heart pounding , my first instinct was to push him away .
tr	O	You 've been separated from them for weeks now , working for Mr. Winkler , and then we thought you were dead .
tr	O	He could have pointed out those things , yet he didn 't .
tr	O	Shim looked startled , but then he smiled .
tr	O	When he finished the waiter left and he turned his eyes on me .
tr	O	Perhaps I was whining when I asked , but I figured I was entitled to lodge some form of complaint .
tr	O	She tried it , but nothing happened .
tr	I	She made another note to give it some attention and her thoughts drifted on to how much she 'd neglected it since selling her iPad .
tr	I	They 'd never included this detail , but he 'd watched the papers online .
tr	O	She ran and the tears were collecting under her lids .
tr	O	He glanced at Aphrodite , but her eyes were downcast .
tr	O	He tended to trust people too much and he always believed what they told him .
tr	I	It 's the most bearable part of life and I 've felt a lot of it over the last few years .
tr	O	She was so exquisite , and yet she carried a killer 's weapon .
tr	O	The woman surpasses me in that regard , but she doesn 't brood over it .
tr	I	I feel like I 'm going to combust and a need is building low in my stomach .
tr	O	He assumed he 'd won her back ... and he almost had .
tr	I	Marking time until he had to move again , and travel weary , she thought .
tr	O	There are three groups of tribes here , and they have general meetings every five years .
tr	O	He hadn 't thought he could get even harder , and now she was even more hesitant .
tr	O	Then my eyes opened , and reality came rushing back .
tr	I	He began to understand why they were feared so much and he could feel their power emanating already .
tr	O	There 's a crowd lined up in front of it and the music playing from inside can be heard all the way to the curb .
tr	I	He 's stable , but he 's in ICU .
tr	O	She held the door open , and I passed by her .
tr	O	He evidently thought my lunch was with Alex , and I decided not to correct his assumption .
tr	O	There was probably some perfect maternal response , but darned if she knew what it was .
tr	O	Caroline learned about postpartum depression in school , and this woman did not have the symptoms .
tr	I	Magnus had never wanted to be so weak ever again , and that had been long ago in a country far away .
tr	I	He didn 't talk around issues and he didn 't offer false hope .
tr	O	She hadn 't been allowed to sit in on either of the actual proceedings for her intakes , but she 'd dealt with the damage afterwards .
tr	I	The memories she shared were mostly from their childhood , but Aunt Judith talked with Elena about her mother sometimes .
tr	I	The angled seating made that effort challenging , but I tried not to look at Kennedy .
tr	I	There was something to consider but he might be a prince .
tr	I	She would , but I didn 't know if she realized what was between us yet .
tr	I	Her forehead crinkled , and when I was finished , Cassandra bit her lip .
tr	I	I felt them like sweet rain on my dry soul and Bo 's eyes met mine from across the colorless space .
tr	O	Memories of Ben came flooding back , but I shoved them away in place of more urgent matters .
tr	O	I knew he would open the can of tomato sauce right after that , and again , I wasn 't proved wrong .
tr	O	He would have stayed all night , but Brenda handed him the keys to her car .
tr	I	The whole eye turns red and overtime it travels inward to the center .
tr	O	He gave me a strange look that made me feel three inches tall , and without bothering to answer me , he turned back to his search .
tr	I	Ethan had taken care of her throughout the whole ordeal , and his dad had basically bailed when Mrs. Landry got cancer .
tr	I	He didn 't even notice but his wet gray hair was dripping water on his shoulders .
tr	I	I hoped so , but I didn 't know if tonight 's victory would improve his emotional state .
tr	O	When he 's feeling indulgent , he 'll repeat it back to her and she 'll use the sound as a homing beacon .
tr	O	Her eyes were glittering and she breathed with difficulty .
tr	O	It made me a little nervous , but I was up to it .
tr	I	Yu froze in his pacing , and his wife stopped her response .
tr	O	We were to set sail in the evening , but there was preparation to be done .
tr	I	Camden supressed a smile as I stepped out from behind the couch and I pulled up my pants .
tr	I	He won 't look at me otherwise , yet I wonder why he helped me last night .
tr	O	She probably used you but she isn 't with anyone .
tr	O	He could have attempted to smother me , but he didn 't .
tr	O	His eyes widened in total surprise but he covered quickly with a typical street punk 's automatic denial .
tr	I	Jacob beat him to it , but Seth opened his mouth to speak .
tr	I	The structure was stunning but it was falling down around the edges .
tr	O	I knew Jack wouldn 't like me spending time alone with Justin , but I figured it might be best to clear the tension between us .
tr	O	I gave him a firm look , and he laughed .
tr	O	Danni started to protest , but Darren kept talking .
tr	I	I guess I couldn 't blame him , and he just seemed to need to be dressed .
tr	I	She gave it away , releasing it to the waiting void , and she held the capacity to become a deity in her hands .
tr	I	She didn 't turn around , but her muscles tightened as she became aware of him .
tr	I	He looks to be enjoying it and she is draped over his arm .
tr	I	This time you 're going to have to , but I know you hate doing anything I say .
tr	I	It wouldn 't do her much good anyway , as he 'd most likely follow her but she really wanted to storm out the doors .
tr	O	The knights flinched , throwing up their arms to protect their faces , and Ash lunged into their midst .
tr	I	Murder was a sin , and he understood the concept of sin .
tr	O	It is carved in Japanese Kanji and the characters are inlaid in gold .
tr	I	We walk inside the building and I 'm stuck in my own head as the line moves forward .
tr	I	It seemed to her nonsensical , yet she accepted what the Director had said .
tr	O	The beast 's mouth clamped shut and I was propelled into the tunnel .
tr	O	If I didn 't know better , I would have felt badly for Cynthia , but I knew she preferred to stand away from the nonsense .
tr	I	I fell in to step with him , and Riley started for the door .
tr	O	She had created enough of a gap between them , and for that , a smile crept into her lips .
tr	I	She was alone , but Diane was smiling .
tr	I	Her bed was empty and the curtain was open .
tr	I	Then he 'd kill her , and he just needed to close her shirt .
tr	O	He stared at me blankly for a moment , and I held my breath , watching his expression .
tr	I	Yes , I meant myself too , and Kilmer did birth some weird ones .
tr	I	He grimaced , and I stared at him in alarm .
tr	O	The keels are all in place now but there are shards of wood everywhere .
tr	O	Since Nate had already heard it , he wasn 't surprised , but the two other people at the table looked a little shell-shocked .
tr	I	I 'm too incoherent to release my hold , but I end up pulling on his hair roughly .
tr	I	My name across her back stood out clearly and Sawyer 's jet black hair was pulled back into a neat ponytail .
tr	O	It pushes back my power , until there is nothing left but the burning sensation running all over my body .
tr	I	I welcomed it , but the switch of topics was jarring .
tr	O	Dutchman put out the call for help , and Brad answered the call .
tr	O	Maybe it was macabre , but I had to know .
tr	I	Lacy 's heart began to flutter in nervous anticipation , and there was another knock on the door .
tr	O	I 'm sure the Palace doctors will bring her back , but I need her to live here .
tr	O	I had assumed she was primarily a con artist , but it was starting to look like she took being a thief more seriously .
tr	I	Emma started measuring the angles in her mind as well and both of them nodded .
tr	O	There is too much hate in the world , and they are working so hard to combat it .
tr	I	Her co-workers seemed to be avoiding her , but Janie wasn 't sure whether it was her imagination .
tr	I	No one ever uses it ... and it 's locked ... maybe .
tr	I	Then they 'd learned that he 'd carried false identification , but Bad enough that the man had died in their home .
tr	I	When she stopped to talk he shared his observation with her and Debbie had just come down after putting young Toby to bed .
tr	O	My finger nervously stroked my rifle 's trigger , but I knew it was best to hold back .
tr	I	I have some great news for you and my name is Jason Richards .
tr	O	The crowd went wild and my fog was lifted .
tr	O	I was afraid I 'd wake him up and he obviously needed his rest .
tr	O	We have food , and we have water .
tr	I	The foot in the air was bouncing like mad while we waited through a commercial break , and I had one leg crossed .
tr	O	Heaven help her , but it was complicated .
tr	O	I almost took off then , but I was too afraid to draw the attention of the cloaked figures .
tr	I	My legs were shaking , and my body was numb .
tr	O	When he was done , he ran his hands through her hair and Rhona let out a deep sigh .
tr	O	It hurt me to say even that , but I nodded .
tr	O	Silken almost rolled her eyes but this time she exercised self-control .
tr	O	When I awoke , my head was in Gran 's lap , but she didn 't care .
tr	O	His hand had been behind his back , but he brought it forward to hold out a bouquet of lavender roses for her .
tr	I	Her hands remained on its cool surface , but she placed his claw back onto the table .
tr	I	He started back into the night , and Ethan was dumping another box of crackers into a trash bag .
tr	O	His hand gently molded the curve of her breast , and she gasped against his lips .
tr	O	Might even be the smartest thing , but there could be more of them waiting hidden in the trees on the other side .
tr	I	She heard him scream as he tried to keep his hands around his gun , and Matt slashed at Ethan .
tr	I	She could avoid a human so very easily , and the light only came at the call of a human .
tr	O	I love you and you love me .
tr	I	Jane took his shoulder , but John raised an eyebrow .
tr	O	Their marriage would work and it would be excellent .
tr	I	Tonight we will celebrate Gabriel 's achievement , and I had a cask of cider opened .
tr	I	He slipped it out of his pocket to answer it and his phone rang at that moment .
tr	O	It kicked at Matt 's leg , and he groaned slightly .
tr	O	I avoid it at work all the time and I can sure as hell do it now .
tr	I	A low growl began in my chest and pressing her soft chest against mine caused a shiver to run through me .
tr	I	A roaring sounded in his ears and his palms became slick with sweat .
tr	I	The door was locked , and there was a window with bars over it .
tr	O	Taro realised he was yet to utter a full sentence in the presence of the woman , but he found her intimidating .
tr	I	My lips parted to accommodate faster breaths and my pulse quickened .
tr	O	His intentions had been right , but the approach was hideously wrong .
tr	O	The deadbolt eventually gave and he opened the door .
tr	I	Beorn 's head cleared , and Anger boiled over into steaming words .
tr	O	He wanted to fetch a cold compress for her forehead , but he didn 't dare leave her .
tr	O	I work very long hours and I 'm not home often .
tr	O	I can 't put my finger on it , but it frightens me .
tr	I	She nodded and he asked .
tr	O	They weren 't quite as bright as this morning , but the longer he sat , the less shadows seemed to haunt his face .
tr	I	I swallowed them back , and tears threatened my eyes .
tr	O	A sigh quivered through his lungs , and he closed his eyes , content for the first time that day .
tr	O	He 'd requested that as few as possible know about them coming in , and she 'd agreed .
tr	O	He crumbled down into the earth , burying himself in the stone , and within moments there was little trace of the creature at all .
tr	I	She knew they had to be hurting him , and Angry claw marks glared at her .
tr	I	She was surprised to discover she remembered the names and something about the movements snagged at Claire 's memory .
tr	O	I had expected to find you cringing under your father 's crypt , not cowering inside there , but perhaps it is just as well .
tr	O	She 's a nice girl , two years older than me , but sometimes I feel ancient by comparison .
tr	I	I figured he was wondering about Ana and his eyes wandered back toward the cave .
tr	O	I 'm surprised by the respect they 're showing her and I wonder if Luna knows .
tr	O	True , she al owed the humans to believe this was their territory too , but it actual y was al hers .
tr	I	Her boyfriend had cheated on her , and her best friend had betrayed her .
tr	O	Regret had passed with their release , and his mind had finally felt utterly free of its last torment .
tr	O	I wonder if in their last moments they 'd changed their minds , but there was no boulder to grab on to .
tr	I	I was safely tucked in Tallis 's arms , and I didn 't feel threatened .
tr	I	His boot remained on the handle behind me , but all I could see were the stars above him .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure why he looked so confused , but I did know that I wanted to avoid detention .
tr	I	Now I felt nauseous and my appetite was gone .
tr	O	I try to swallow but it feels like I have a wad of cotton balls in my throat .
tr	O	Instead of our walk , we spent our time in the parlor again , but he remained unresponsive throughout the period .
tr	O	The blast had taken out at least half of them , and those remaining were dropping swiftly under the spray of gunfire .
tr	I	Before she knew it , the interview was over , and this took several more minutes .
tr	O	I had nowhere to go , Lily , and I loved you so much .
tr	O	We tried to solve that by keeping the lid down , but he soon learned to flip it up with his nose .
tr	O	It would be fast , and it would be brutal .
tr	O	Renée went to help me but I pushed her away .
tr	I	He clenched his teeth together , his jaw going achingly tight as he fought his release and she stirred restlessly underneath him .
tr	I	His face was so serious that it made me wonder if the boyish smile had just been my imagination and he glanced back at me .
tr	O	A tiny moan vibrated up her throat , and Elizabeth surrendered .
tr	I	We 're not sure we can do that in good conscience , and a faculty member would have to write you a letter of recommendation .
tr	I	Chewy no longer looked so downtrodden , but she turned back to Chewy with a worried face .
tr	O	It was a huge risk , and I could see the fear in their tight , blank expressions .
tr	O	He can 't go back to her , and he can 't go on to Danny .
tr	I	I can 't bring myself to look at him but I can feel his stare .
tr	I	She hadn 't thought the ramifications could be this dire until she 'd seen his expression just now , but of course she 'd noticed .
tr	O	I extended my hand and we shook on it .
tr	O	The barge had passed over them and Soul could still hear the propeller as it faded into the distance .
tr	O	His mood is not to be swayed when he is choleric , and I fear to stand against him .
tr	O	I want him , but I can 't have him .
tr	I	You know he can 't refuse Robert the least thing but I 'm sure your father wouldn 't have them otherwise .
tr	O	He 'd have been happy to continue this routine forever , but real life intruded .
tr	I	He was praying for the boy and my father had his left hand between the boy 's legs .
tr	I	I was frazzled , but I tried to pay attention to the road .
tr	I	This one swiped Canute across the side , and he made another lunge with his weapon .
tr	O	Matt kept looking at Alissa with a warm smile , but she would just look away .
tr	O	He mimed pushing something away and the water dipped about halfway down .
tr	O	I glance up and our eyes connect .
tr	I	I could tell he was grasping for a way to talk me out of it , and I smiled darkly .
tr	I	Frustration soon turned to anger , and nothing seemed to work .
tr	O	She tugged Izzy 's arm and together they began to walk .
tr	I	I could hear him breathing , but the young man continued saying nothing .
tr	I	Her sexual appetite was as insatiable as Tyler 's , and * * * Everything about Valerie was sensual .
tr	O	Jake 's laughter was contagious and she found herself in his arms , laughing at the memory of her first riding lesson .
tr	O	What he saw told him nothing , but her silence told him everything he needed to know .
tr	I	Heavy rain beat on the cabin roof , but they may be in relative calm in the bay .
tr	I	The guilty look in her eyes makes my heart stop , and she hangs her head low .
tr	O	I watched as the gun barrel lifted and one silenced shot went through the front of his head .
tr	O	Bombs exploded all around and aeroplanes constantly shot at them .
tr	O	She held her breath for an instant as she touched him intimately and Jonas groaned .
tr	I	He fell silent , and she held out a hand without looking at him .
tr	O	That asshole Dwayne had done something and it was making Abby sick .
tr	O	She stepped into the room and a second man stood up quickly .
tr	O	This happens because , we have similar consciousnesses and they have already merged .
tr	I	I jump at the sound and his phone starts to ring .
tr	O	The words came out of his mouth slowly , and I knew he meant every word of it .
tr	I	I pushed him back , frowning and he leaned in like he was going to kiss my neck .
tr	I	She had startling green eyes , and her long red hair was pulled to the side .
tr	I	She didn 't lean against him as much as before but she didn 't release her grip on Hal 's arm .
tr	O	She 's too quick , and I end up hooking her waist instead .
tr	I	I closed my eyes quickly and I saw him peak around the room .
tr	O	The door to Nell 's house slammed open , and Reid looked next door .
tr	I	I wasn 't much of a drinker , but personally , I didn 't understand the appeal .
tr	I	I saw a frown start to wrinkle her brows , and Anne was sitting close enough to hear us both .
tr	I	She closed her eyes to savor it and a real , cool breeze wafted inside .
tr	O	I supposed she 'd bagged herself a pure earlier , but when she left , I immediately wanted her back .
tr	O	I watched as he hugged Miranda tightly and she cried softly in his arms as he spoke to her .
tr	O	His eyes scanned my entire body , and every inch of my body seemed to be turning him on .
tr	I	June insisted , but Dillon said .
tr	I	His free hand slid up her leg , and his fingers flexed on her jaw .
tr	O	Her body begins to relax , and the tension leaves her shoulders .
tr	I	She smiled back , and when she got to the door , a few pretty girls said hello to her .
tr	O	She reached out with her other hand for him , but their momentum carried them apart .
tr	O	Maybe it had been a means to get my attention , but it certainly hadn 't felt g * y to me .
tr	I	So far they were cooperating , but the wolves were not happy .
tr	I	Alex could create so powerfully that his creations withstood the test of time , but the priests could create in the short-term .
tr	I	This only turned him on more but the woman was beginning to protest .
tr	I	She looked at it with perfect wariness , and she stared at the packet on her carpet where she had knocked it to .
tr	I	You try to measure for that extra beat , and she is hugging you hello .
tr	O	The man had more than tripled the last bid , and he wasn 't bothering with holding up a sign .
tr	I	I cannot shake the feeling of guilt growing inside of me , and thoughts of my former team haunt me as we walk .
tr	I	She couldn 't do it , but she felt the same way .
tr	I	Suddenly there were two on the loose and they had yet to locate the first gargoyle .
tr	I	His blue flannel shirt was rumpled , and there was gray in his hair .
tr	O	The poor girl 's mind was too damaged , and she couldn 't separate real food from the black blood of her delusions .
tr	O	Her wand was in her hand and she was laughing hysterically .
tr	O	I began and she sighed .
tr	I	Her heart stopped , and once the black spots had disappeared from her eyes , Zoey looked around .
tr	I	He resumed his seat and I saw Gilbert nodding .
tr	O	I must look like Racer to you , and you look like a monster to me .
tr	I	Colt couldn 't move , but both of them were so ready for each other .
tr	O	It was slow going through the thick vegetation , but TJ didn 't mind .
tr	O	It wasn 't the most artful kiss he 'd ever received but the simple sweetness of it seared him to the bone .
tr	I	They left many varieties in the garden and the people who owned the house before me , loved roses .
tr	O	This is a game for fools and clearly designed by the devil himself .
tr	I	He reluctantly walked away , but Detective James was not satisfied .
tr	I	He did the same to her and she looked him over .
tr	I	Yar lek Thun didn 't get the reports he yearned for , and the Asturian archers with Brand 's force were waiting for them .
tr	O	They are only rumours , and of course there has been so little information coming out about the bomb blast .
tr	O	There was no pain , but something had gone wrong .
tr	O	The impact snaps the stone blade , and the tip slides behind me somewhere .
tr	I	The conflict was raging in the land of longer summers , but she is immortal , of course .
tr	O	Raina cleared her throat , but her eyes remained closed .
tr	I	I was the one who was trying to lie to myself , and even I didn 't believe that .
tr	O	She realized some women found his unctuous manner attractive , but after each encounter with him , she always felt soiled .
tr	O	She lay back down on the hospital bed and I arranged the sheet around her .
tr	O	At school I spent a lot of time with Brielle and after school I spent a lot of time with Lis .
tr	I	I realized that she was almost smiling , and Mrs. Bethany 's prim mouth relaxed slightly .
tr	I	It works , but Authoritarian some would call it .
tr	I	He struggled to restrain his emotions , and a surprised silence followed this outburst .
tr	O	Julie started to speak , but no sounds came out .
tr	I	I didn 't want to be rude but I wanted to ask him more questions .
tr	I	I knew I had to talk to him , too , but the last thing I wanted was to be alone with Conrad .
tr	I	This seemed different , but there were always stories about alien abduction .
tr	I	He halt our expansion at the southern border of Mexico , but fighting multiple fronts leads to defeat as we spread our resources too thinly .
tr	I	I was having trouble following exactly what they were saying , but they hadn 't answered why they didn 't attack immediately .
tr	I	Pressure seized her chest and her breath caught .
tr	I	When you stop serving it , you won 't be useful to me anymore , and you serve a purpose .
tr	O	Ken 's head went back and he growled at the sky .
tr	I	The way she saw it , things looked so damn bleak , but Phoebe tried to understand where Ginger was going with her trip down memory lane .
tr	I	He would always get free , but she would start out in charge , keeping him on edge while he was tied up .
tr	I	All of them were looking at her , and hundreds of vampires were still standing in the street .
tr	I	I didn 't exactly liking my new status , and it made me into a bit of a celebrity .
tr	I	My mind grew more troubled , but as I thought about feeding , my mouth watered in response .
tr	O	We didn 't know about it until the wind started howling and I thought it might be you .
tr	O	She wiggled just a little , and my body responded .
tr	I	For the first time in my life in front of a crowd , I 'm able to breathe , and I take a deep breath .
tr	I	The girl had taken it upon herself to settle the question of artifice , and Munro explained that the women were uncertain whether Ross painted her hair .
tr	O	I nodded frantically , but he 'd turned away .
tr	I	He flashed away before doing something he would forever regret , but his blood boiled .
tr	I	She suspected it came out as pitiful , but she meant it to be reassuring .
tr	I	He waved me over , and I peered around the corner .
tr	O	She did not think so , but she appreciated his optimistic thinking .
tr	I	My stomach twisted uncomfortably at the thought of hitting Callum , and Training felt like a hundred years ago .
tr	O	Rosa came to see him when she could , but quickly as the lives of men flickered past , she became older .
tr	O	I wanted to see it also , but I knew my chances were slim .
tr	O	I would like to name him as my heir , but there is the problem of his mortality .
tr	O	I saw her start swimming towards me and I panicked .
tr	I	I couldn 't respond , and Norma asked me if something was the matter .
tr	I	I could see it , but I couldn 't tell what it was .
tr	I	Her head tilted and her brows rose .
tr	I	He didn 't look at me for a few minutes , and he nodded as though I was telling a secret .
tr	I	Maybe that was what had been keeping her alive , but he felt guilty for keeping the truth from her .
tr	O	I 'd been happy that I didn 't have to pretend anymore , yet I 'd been scared to trust him with part of the truth .
tr	I	I took two wounds in quick succession , and my arms were tiring .
tr	I	She dragged herself closer to the water 's edge , and Beth saw Ben inching farther along the fraying rope bridge .
tr	O	She was thin , too , a little too thin in Adrienne 's opinion , but Adrienne had learned not to comment on it .
tr	O	He turned weakly , and Jenny was shocked .
tr	I	She doesn 't leave the house except to go to school and her grades have slipped .
tr	O	I woke up here and the cuts were gone .
tr	I	My voice squeaked and my throat dried .
tr	O	They were both grinning then , and Lindy felt the uneasy tension seep from her limbs .
tr	I	I 'd followed him out into the night ; and he 'd been drunk , quarreling .
tr	I	It 's important , but he will not be harmed .
tr	I	You 're an abomination now and you were an abomination then .
tr	I	She didn 't turn away as he held it out for her to take , but he saw a glimpse of fear in her eyes .
tr	I	The risks were too high for her , but she considered for a moment whether she could steal the last egg from behind the sleeping Lizard .
tr	O	It was like being in the middle of a blitz , but as swiftly as it had begun it was over .
tr	O	The phone is next to his ear and I can tell he 's on hold .
tr	I	She saw they had been removed , but her father had kept guns there .
tr	I	The young were out partying , and the old were in bed .
tr	O	More attacked and he cut through them with an ease that was as scary as it was morbidly beautiful .
tr	O	My whole body warmed with affection , and his eyes lit up with joy .
tr	O	It sparked once more , but the engine roared to life before Carmine was forced to let go .
tr	I	They had to be seeing with something , and the three certainly seemed to be seeing .
tr	I	The hymn was singing itself and she 'd closed her eyes .
tr	O	In the center of the chamber was a small stone stand , and on it rested a folded map .
tr	O	After several seconds though , Cole hadn 't looked away , and she grew anxious under his intense stare .
tr	I	It rocked beneath my weight , and I sat down on the swing .
tr	O	True he may not have taken care of Thomas to the best of his ability , but he still believed he deserved top marks for effort .
tr	O	His balance wobbled , and he abruptly forgot how to stand upright .
tr	I	There have only been a few people throughout history with the capability of Albert Einstein , but we 're all able to do simple math .
tr	I	It had some power behind it , but a spiral it was not .
tr	O	Charlie held his phone in anticipation of another response , but nothing was coming through .
tr	I	I don 't want to be one , but I come from a family of cops .
tr	I	You can date the remains of the man himself , but there is no way to date the tomb .
tr	O	We were not enough to stop them , and we needed him .
tr	O	I took her bag from her and slung it over my own shoulder .
tr	I	Jon had expanded his chest to make them tight , and she had looped them several places .
tr	O	He felt his sister reaching for him but he was too busy tracing the psychic network to respond .
tr	I	Sleep doesn 't come but I lay back down .
tr	I	It let out a barking sound , and Varg 's head jerked up .
tr	I	There 's the Beretta from the safe , and Tom , I 've got the Mossberg .
tr	O	Small talk transpired between them , mostly about the beauty of the evening and how amazing their surroundings were .
tr	I	Her head was racing with ideas of what to do next and she was mad at herself for not thinking of that sooner .
tr	I	Their car was gone , and no lights shone .
tr	I	My eyes were watering and my throat was burning .
tr	I	His feet propped up on his desk and he had the call on his speakerphone .
tr	I	I rolled my eyes and we all giggled .
tr	O	She 'll sit with you and I 'll be right back .
tr	O	I 'm dumb , but I 'm not stupid .
tr	I	She nodded , and I said .
tr	O	The damage was tremendous , but the building shouldn 't even be standing .
tr	I	Their words weren 't meant for us , but their voices carried .
tr	O	She 's knocked to the ground and all the wind goes out of her .
tr	O	Then , I can appeal when they pull my scholarship , but the university usually doesn 't grant appeals .
tr	I	They were seconds away from death and Huck was coming down the stairs .
tr	O	The ladies behind the desk at the physical therapy entrance were nice , but Keith frowned when he saw Cora .
tr	I	I step from the dock to the white sand and the captain returns to his little boat as Damien .
tr	I	I almost dropped my towel , and the sudden noise startled me .
tr	O	he said , and I giggled .
tr	O	She laughed , and then he held out his hand again .
tr	I	I didn 't know where I was , but chapter 19 Heather I woke up to beeping .
tr	O	If he went anywhere near Evy 's apartment Ryder would know , and it would be game over for everyone .
tr	O	Manfred had not removed his rain poncho , and he scooped up the cat again .
tr	I	His eyes went distant as he looked around his father 's office , and his shoulders dropped .
tr	O	They 'd been at it for almost two hours and that was about her limit .
tr	O	John asked the question but he didn 't need any answer .
tr	I	The trees are falling down after me , and I am walking through a forest .
tr	I	She felt her pride rising in defense , and Alessia sensed that she had somehow evoked this woman 's pity .
tr	O	I didn 't mind seeing the dead bodies of the aliens , but I didn 't want to look at the humans .
tr	O	Theresa had expected a fete that night , but the phones had never rung .
tr	O	Royce is over fifteen hundred years old and he can live to be three thousand .
tr	I	The golden-haired vampire next to me was leading the charge , and it was a rebellion .
tr	O	Steve had mentioned getting something to eat after the movie , but she was having difficulty hiding her yawns from him .
tr	O	She stood up to face him and he only just managed to refrain from pushing her back down onto the chair .
tr	O	Mackenzie would keep him from hurting anyone else for a while , and he had no fear of somehow finding her falling for him .
tr	O	When I reached him , I circled him seven times to symbolize how our souls would be intertwined , and then , Rabbi Dave began the ceremony .
tr	I	I knew she was very special and we spent an afternoon together .
tr	I	I already knew he wasn 't there , but I looked around the thinning crowds .
tr	O	A pause , and I deflated .
tr	I	I knew better than to bring it up , and he just wouldn 't even discuss turning Ashley again .
tr	O	I 'm not entirely sure what Shadows are capable of , and Abe can be very possessive .
tr	I	I couldn 't be bothered to fix myself breakfast , but my stomach rumbled with hunger .
tr	I	I jerked again and he spoke more soft words .
tr	O	He spun around , and I could see a sudden red rage in his face .
tr	I	Edward wouldn 't have it , but I was happy to accept George 's financial help for James ' sake .
tr	I	We climbed the ladder up to the deck and I tugged on his shirt to lower me .
tr	I	There would be no more , and he was out of wine .
tr	I	His hand rose with an effort to wipe the tears off my cheek , and Calvin 's fingers released mine .
tr	O	It 's been three months cooking , this plan , and it 's a beaut .
tr	O	I asked , and that got me a snotty look .
tr	I	He 's not , but the smirk on Trystan 's face says he 's playing , toying with her .
tr	O	Whatever restraint she held onto before breaks down and a torrent of tears releases .
tr	I	Now they were afraid of him , and the guards must have witnessed Shane 's display of power in the courtyard .
tr	I	I mechanically ducked under his arm , and he held the door for me .
tr	O	Another hit of thunder slammed through the sky and in seconds the clouds broke open .
tr	I	He screamed in pain as the wall closed shut , and he fell back as the metal struck his hands .
tr	O	He was responsible and he put those responsibilities above everything else in his life including his own happiness .
tr	O	He won 't want to , mind you , but you make him .
tr	O	She was on fire and he was tasting her because he wanted to .
tr	O	He immediately felt more pain , but he couldn 't stop now .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure what character I was playing and I was starting to feel like I 'd stepped into a movie .
tr	O	Barlow 's companion is a bear , and Monte 's is a raccoon .
tr	I	The security guards behind her and he was striding ahead of her .
tr	I	A lot of them don 't , but some slaves have it bad .
tr	O	He has battled too long , and he is far too powerful .
tr	I	He nearly fell back into the bath and his eyes crossed .
tr	O	Her entourage of managers , lawyers , hangers on and I generally play a game of pass the starlet .
tr	I	An unpleasant musty smell to back it up and there was a dampness about the place .
tr	O	They were only useful when we couldn 't do things on our own and even then we have to beg in order for them to do that .
tr	I	I love that and we 're different .
tr	I	It worked , and he had his own system .
tr	O	He 's never seemed to hold animosity toward me before , but at this moment , he looks as if he wants to kill me .
tr	I	I didn 't know how , but I wanted to say something .
tr	I	The picture shattered into a thousand dancing fragments of light , and Bert landed with a splash in the middle of the pond .
tr	I	Two guards entered , holding a man roughly by the arms , and he snapped his fingers .
tr	O	Bryce shouted at his father and I felt my breath catch .
tr	I	My heart ached with a pain that I could never put into words , and I felt exhausted , even a little disoriented .
tr	O	The image inside parted and as she sat there looking into it , she saw an image of two people .
tr	O	Basha thought this was a strange thing to say at this time , but he soon forgot what she said .
tr	O	He watched as Keeley laughed and her eyes glowed in delight as she chattered with the women in the circle .
tr	I	The place was busier than it should have been and it was late afternoon .
tr	O	She peeked in one of the round windows , but it was too dark to make out much of the interior .
tr	I	Already she 'd taken us back down in a direction we should no longer take and I 'd been absent only one night .
tr	O	My hair is pulled into a chignon and I like the way the pink streaks show .
tr	I	The turned the light off as I went to exit the bathroom , and I relieved myself , washed my hands .
tr	O	He didn 't like how good it felt , but he didn 't try to stop it either .
tr	I	Henry still likes to let us know that he 's here but Rex is on the approved list .
tr	I	They will perish for treason , or they will learn to adjust .
tr	O	Madoc had broken Tynan 's neck not long ago , and that was not the kind of thing easily forgotten .
tr	O	He slid his magic fingers over my clit and I broke apart , biting down on my lip to keep from crying out .
tr	O	We need to make the VA and the government start addressing the needs of its soldiers at home .
tr	O	Books were scattered around the floor , but some were in a neat stack on the coffee table .
tr	O	Lindsey 's great at solving other people 's problems , but her own ?
tr	I	It was literally only two blocks , so it would have been crazy to do that , but I almost suggested taking a cab .
tr	I	His tortured expression was almost comical , but I knew I should feel awful .
tr	O	Wide halls are a great location for bookshelves , and Susu was wasting a whole lot of prime space , in my opinion .
tr	I	Perhaps some Coven politician had been out to prove a point , or apparently Rodrick 's group had made themselves too much of a nuisance , however .
tr	O	He 'd started to smell them awhile back , but the smell was worse within the large cavern .
tr	O	His hand slipped down to cup my bare mound , and I whimpered .
tr	O	I take a sip and it is tea .
tr	I	It does just as it reaches me , and somehow I know the car 's going to stop .
tr	O	Not as much as he 'd hoped , but it was something to work with .
tr	I	He was managing , but it was difficult .
tr	I	I didn 't spend time with them socially , and I hadn 't really met any of the players since Jack .
tr	I	I knew it and something was different .
tr	O	The sun had set , and the dying light rattled his senses .
tr	I	They 'd have to pass right by their booth to get there , but they were probably going to Nick 's office .
tr	O	Her brown hair bounced as her heels clicked towards him , and she moved to take his coat .
tr	O	Suddenly he got a disgusted look on his face , and he jerked his head towards me .
tr	O	His hands went right for my tank top and I didn 't stop him .
tr	I	His anger flared a hot white , and he remembered having to flee when they dragged Kaylee away .
tr	I	She felt strange , and her heart was beating overtime .
tr	O	His tall , thin body was positioned to look directly at her , but there was still no emotion .
tr	O	We moved slowly , but we moved .
tr	O	We 've kissed before , hundreds of times , but his kiss never ceased to touch me deep down .
tr	I	I 'd passed on to Kenzie and the kind Guro had given me .
tr	O	It 's late and it 's Friday .
tr	I	She couldn 't waste any more time , but Aria shook her head , still furious .
tr	O	Taylor had planned to get airborne by the first morning sunlight and he was well within his schedule .
tr	O	They won 't stop until they discover everything , and then , they 're going to give you a choice .
tr	O	My hands landed on something softer than the ground , but just as cold as the trees I had touched .
tr	O	If she had been feeling better , Charlie would have been ashamed of such thoughts , but she wasn 't feeling better .
tr	O	She was getting under my skin in a way I wasn 't familiar with , and I didn 't feel safe .
tr	I	She kisses me back with equal intensity and I kiss her lips fiercely .
tr	O	Georgia was threatening to make me stay fewer hours , but I knew her threats weren 't quite serious yet .
tr	I	At this moment , he didn 't care but he was no longer sure that anywhere was safe .
tr	I	He wasn 't going to allow her that option , but she would willingly have given him what he needed .
tr	O	Sure you can come and pay me a visit .
tr	I	They carried odd , curled horns , but there were two trumpeters between them .
tr	I	The wind rushed from his lungs , and he crashed hard .
tr	O	I heard the front door shutting as I stepped inside , and I broke into a sprint .
tr	I	Gabe 's voice breaks through my sorrow , and I hear the sobs of everyone else , then Nora 's hands are on my back .
tr	O	I was breaking the circle , something I should not be doing but I had no other choice .
tr	I	It didn 't look very forgiving -- and the ground was coming towards me .
tr	O	This was the last weekend before school began , and I knew that I would be swamped once Monday came around .
tr	O	If it was solely up to her , she 'd prefer to wait , but there were definitely advantages to learning the baby 's sex in advance .
tr	O	He 'd gone back to reading his book , but in an instant his eyes were on me .
tr	I	You 'll risk him doin some damage before he goes and you keep him longer than that .
tr	I	I never felt for her what I feel for my wife , but Dewi was my girlfriend for three years .
tr	I	Grimshaw sent her to bed , and Katya became quite distraught .
tr	O	Crystal told Edwin what was going to happen and Edwin just agreed .
tr	O	She was focussed , but at the same time , she was puzzled .
tr	O	I hate leaving the warehouse , but it 's for the best .
tr	I	He lowered his head , placing his hand over his heart and somewhere in the back of his mind he thought he heard Soul 's laugh .
tr	I	I had been talking about him and he found out you .
tr	I	Flynn gives me a curious look , and I kick the ground in frustration .
tr	I	It was always handy to shift to it when people came over , and he 'd preferred being in his bird form when he needed to think .
tr	I	Only Sean slipped out , moving through the throngs to stand at Marcus 's side , but at long last the door opened .
tr	O	He moved to get up , but he was stopped by a weight against him .
tr	I	Money has no friends , but we 're friends Dave .
tr	I	Missy was a nice woman and Jeff was a good guy .
tr	I	I was debating how to say goodbye , and I 'm going back to the States .
tr	O	His voice had a rich resonance to it , and it seemed he was thinking of these things naturally as he spoke .
tr	I	I needed something , anything to take my mind off of Tallis , but I wasn 't really in the mood to deal with company .
tr	O	The orange lights pulsed slowly and the spheres started to hum .
tr	O	There was a third man still alive , and Jess willed him to enter the basement .
tr	O	She was with two other girls her own age , and when she saw Ali , a malicious smile spread across her face .
tr	I	That wakes me up and I feel something crawling on my arm .
tr	I	I looked back sadly , worrying and Evan carried me up the stairs .
tr	I	It certainly felt like it was , but I knew that wasn 't literal .
tr	O	He had no doubt that Allan meant every word that he said and he really couldn 't blame the fellow .
tr	O	I thought I wanted something different in my life , but I just can 't seem to live without you .
tr	O	Kieron ran to her and she picked him up , feeling his warm breath on her face .
tr	I	In Morganville , that shouldn 't be happening , and that had been a starving , savage vampire .
tr	I	It was becoming quite foggy and the cloud cover was dense .
tr	I	I 'm sure almost everyone uses the book and when I give these to my classes , they 're supposed to do them at home .
tr	I	I let him sit on the ground , kneeling beside him , and Scar groaned .
tr	I	My heart sinks and I kick the door in .
tr	I	Lea had kept her training and another week had gone by .
tr	O	Mike saw a few of them disappear , but it didn 't seem to thin out the numbers .
tr	O	It didn 't make Lea lose her balance , but it sure made her slid away from Payton .
tr	I	His chin dropped to his chest in disbelief and Eddie 's eyebrows shot up .
tr	I	Jobs kept coming and Summer came .
tr	O	The expression in Tania 's face told the story , showing that the blow caused tremendous pain , and it robbed her of stamina .
tr	O	He was fifty-three years old and he was a university professor .
tr	O	I realized all that , and I thought it through .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure what it was going to take , but it hadn 't been relieved by screwing her brains out .
tr	O	She wanted me to set you guys up with football players , and I don 't know any !
tr	O	I reached out to touch his face and he recoiled away from me .
tr	I	I didn 't jerk away from him and he raised a hand to touch my face .
tr	I	I felt his hands gripping my waist and he swirled his tongue at double speed .
tr	I	The stench of burning , charred meat filled the room , and her blond hair went up in a puff of smoke .
tr	I	She could not shake it , but it was an odd thought .
tr	I	She found herself staring up into the face of the man she had been following and she was about to turn away when the door opened .
tr	I	Then , quite unintentionally , moved toward her when I turned my head to answer and I went completely still .
tr	I	The way she felt at that moment she wasn 't prepared to deal with his parents , and Mary wasn 't wearing any clothes .
tr	I	I was so glad I 'd showed up at his door four months ago but it was hard to comprehend at times .
tr	O	I 've known Samantha , or women just like her .
tr	I	Their loyalty rests there , and their purpose is to protect the land .
tr	I	That 's a small price to pay for security but it may mean duplication .
tr	O	There might not be much law out at sea , but I knew those men would pay for their crimes .
tr	I	It just brought up too many bad memories , but I knew I should probably talk to her .
tr	I	She yanked Carmine toward her as she stood up on her tiptoes , and he turned around , looking at her curiously .
tr	O	The house was dark , but she hadn 't really expected it to be any other way .
tr	I	Fortunately , Cobb wasn 't done yet , but Chris still wasn 't sure what it all meant .
tr	I	Neither would you , and I would never do such a thing , take a life like this .
tr	O	We were young , and both loved adventure , so I suppose it was inevitable that we would keep running into each other while exploring .
tr	I	He didn 't move to put them on her , but he had manacles hooked on his belt .
tr	I	I have no idea what set her off , but it 's like she 's ready to fight .
tr	O	I have something else to do tonight and my plane will be here early tomorrow .
tr	O	Her eyes narrowed , and lightning struck outside .
tr	O	My heart thuds in my chest , and I step forward to look out .
tr	O	The only difference had been that the stupid beanie had disappeared and his dreadlocks had been tied back in a sort of ponytail .
tr	O	When the repairs are made to Queen Anne 's Square we 'll be able to move back and I can employ more staff .
tr	I	There he was going to ask Mandy out for Valentine 's Day and Frank felt so emboldened by banter that he decided then .
tr	O	Deckard heard them afar often enough , but close up it was another matter .
tr	I	It refused to stop , but a few of the bullets connected , slowing it down .
tr	O	T.J. was not going to approve , and I hoped to God he didn 't ask why I 'd chosen those words .
tr	I	I knew I wasn 't alone , and then a dark shadow emerged .
tr	O	She realized what lay beyond the surface , and it was so magnificent that she wept .
tr	I	Birch is a suspicious bastard , and Corey never liked the police .
tr	O	We were pretending to be a patrol , but we both knew it was a lie .
tr	I	What we need to do is concentrate on protecting our own , yet we cannot discount anything .
tr	O	Our eyes met , and an uneven grin appeared on his face .
tr	O	I wanted to respond that life was a gamble , and we were all losers .
tr	O	This time , I had to cry out , and he liked that .
tr	O	Isaac wished he didn 't think so , but he did .
tr	I	He rejoined his wife and Frank 's call ended .
tr	O	His fangs lengthened and his body hardened .
tr	O	She was the one friend in Texas I was closest to , but she was actually best friends with another girl .
tr	O	He was still leaning over me , and I slipped a hand under his t-shirt .
tr	O	The shell shattered , and the electric shock finally killed the alien .
tr	O	He 's got that stern formal thing going on and I wish he 'd slouch just a little bit .
tr	O	It hadn 't been a clean death , and even though Anna hadn 't been gone long enough to start decomposition , the smell was formidable .
tr	O	She puts her hands on my waist and I stand with my back against her .
tr	I	Katie tried not to wince and Lisa 's squeal had patrons turning their heads .
tr	O	A gun blast exploded to her left , and the van lurched hard to one side .
tr	I	The zombie crashed down on top and the elf landed with a meaty thud .
tr	O	He had always been charming enough to her despite his alien aloofness , but suddenly it was if a field of charisma was energized around him .
tr	I	He presents a good demeanor for dealing with customers and Gus came across as being a pretty savvy guy .
tr	I	She blushed , and his gaze raked over her once .
tr	O	asked Colette , and I sighed .
tr	O	Nate grabbed his own plate and we sat down to spread butter over them before topping them with maple syrup .
tr	I	He grips them lightly and I slide my fingers over his palm .
tr	O	What you found is from the Mayans , but the words predate even them .
tr	O	Nate 's gaze flickers to me and I can see in his eyes that he knows exactly what Dante is talking about .
tr	I	I catch sight of it slinking towards the base of the platform and my eyes scan the area .
tr	I	We 'll discuss my price later , but I 'll do this .
tr	O	He had to taste her , to see if the floral scent also had a flavor , and it did .
tr	I	The garden would 've been lovely at any other time of the year , and the shutters gave the windows an open , welcoming look .
tr	O	She didn 't look enthusiastic , but she didn 't stop me , either .
tr	O	I look around to see if there 's a girl trailing him , but I don 't see one .
tr	I	It might have been blood , or he thought he tasted seawater in his own mouth .
tr	O	I hope to get some adjunct work teaching jobs , and I can do some consulting .
tr	O	It 's the part of recovery when the mind has too much time to think and the body isn 't capable of doing much of anything .
tr	O	He ground into her with his lower body , and she felt the surging pulse of his c * ck against her inner thigh .
tr	I	He led her around to the back , but she followed him with a noticeable lack of enthusiasm .
tr	O	Her grandfather had spent the last few years of his life fighting cancer , and the toll it had taken on Granny Dee was enormous .
tr	I	He grabbed her leg , bringing her closer to the edge but she scrambled away .
tr	O	Sean glances at me , but he doesn 't stop playing .
tr	I	I was just full of all of it , and it was such a good day , after a rocky start .
tr	O	If I marry Gage that means I lose Logan forever , and now I 'm completely derailed from the conversation .
tr	I	I blinked in surprise , and we finally crested the hill we 'd been climbing .
tr	I	We laid rubber as he drove out of the lot , and tires squealed .
tr	I	The images poured through , and their gazes met again .
tr	O	His arm went around her waist , and she felt the pressure of his lips close to her ear .
tr	O	My boy looked miserable and I could feel the palpable waves of heat coming off his body .
tr	I	She spoke lightly , but Irritation flashed across Miri 's face .
tr	O	It was hard to tell , but it sounded like a voice .
tr	O	The room was well ventilated , but she still felt hot beneath the layers of fabric .
tr	O	My blood streaked down her chin and her eyes were no longer cloudy .
tr	O	I grinned and my fingers slid into his hair .
tr	I	Had never been able to repeat , and something that she shouldn 't have been able to do .
tr	O	I know that sounds dumb , but I think it just hit me like a ton of bricks .
tr	I	They went around a truck stopped for a delivery with a squeal of tires and he jerked the wheel .
tr	I	The second one had wings , and there were two creatures now .
tr	O	Something wasn 't right about Lorelei , beyond her ' issues ' , but he couldn 't quite figure out what bugged him about the woman .
tr	O	Her fingers run along the grooves of his silver belt , and he arcs toward her in longing .
tr	O	He 'd never had cause to question his father 's health before and fear paralleled his anger .
tr	O	Fury takes over and I stand rigid .
tr	I	She knew she looked like hell without even glancing at the mirror and her eyes were heavy .
tr	O	I answered as many of the calls as I could , but I could never answer them all .
tr	O	You 've ruined her relationship and you led the press to those animals that used to abuse her .
tr	O	His orgasm burst through him and pleasure flowed like nothing he 'd known before .
tr	I	They did quietly ask how she was feeling , but they didn 't mention what had happened last night .
tr	I	My powers of mind interaction were not well developed , but I tried to tell them that they got it wrong .
tr	O	The guy put his arm around her , and I forced back the urge to charge him like a bull in a bullring .
tr	O	I don 't know how we can end her but it will come to me in time .
tr	I	One of them glistened with a tear , and now her eyes were bleary .
tr	O	Ratliff arrived late and they ordered drinks .
tr	I	I caressed her face and her stare was obstinate .
tr	O	Her arm brushed his but she didn 't reach for him .
tr	I	I were the prey and she moved toward me as if she were the predator .
tr	I	It wasn 't real , but I might have done it for Trina -- to make her feel like everything was okay .
tr	O	His hand reached back for her and she clasped it .
tr	I	No , the gray eyes were staring out at something else , but Claire thought at first that she was getting her attention .
tr	O	I almost screamed but I swallowed the sound because I didn 't want to wake Winnie .
tr	O	She 'd contemplated not showing up but that seemed the cowardly way out .
tr	I	You wondered what it thought about you , and you knew how much you admired him .
tr	O	Vin could recognize these more easily now , and she was surprised to see references to things she had read in the logbook .
tr	O	A great sadness had come over the school , but it pushed us to be better at our work , at the show , at everything .
tr	O	Some , as I have admitted , are still hardly recognisable : but others can be recognised .
tr	I	She poured him a generous helping and Dad mumbled a barely coherent yes .
tr	O	Dad made it to the room first , and I wasn 't far behind .
tr	O	There are holes where their ears ought to be , and their eyes are oddly placed .
tr	O	She wanted me to see , and I saw .
tr	I	His secrets would die with him , or Vince would confess .
tr	O	Genie worried and her eyes watered .
tr	O	Will was trying to help me remember , and now he 's missing .
tr	O	He moves to reach for Tomas , but I block him , pulling Tomas behind me .
tr	O	Josh was on his back , but he got up right away .
tr	I	We would enjoy hearing a thorough roasting of the Cavalier party , and we knew we were not the wicked .
tr	I	I am sorely disappointed , but I expect Mason to admit defeat .
tr	I	Now , for the first time , when she saw her best friend , Lexi felt like a liar , and she couldn 't .
tr	O	I 'd asked him about exits a number of times , and like me , he 'd never discovered where they were .
tr	I	Sara was so ready to be done and this job had taken up the better part of the last several weeks .
tr	I	Her lips spread into the most beautiful smile this side of heaven and her eyes light up .
tr	O	This psycho means business , and it 's deadly business .
tr	O	I didn 't understand what that meant , but I laughed because it sounded ridiculous .
tr	I	That means something with my kin and you 're my brother 's daughter .
tr	O	She still felt lethargic from her hangover , and she wasn 't looking forward to facing Jason again right now .
tr	I	I hear what I think is him sliding down my door , sitting down on the other side , and a thump follows .
tr	I	He turned the knob and we reached the door .
tr	I	You know who you are ... Thank you , but there are too many of you to list !
tr	I	Again he nodded furiously , and she asked .
tr	O	The September night was chilly , and Cate wished she 'd grabbed a jacket before going out .
tr	O	She started to pull away , but he wouldn 't release her .
tr	O	His shoulders tensed , but he didn 't back away .
tr	I	You need to have a good talk with him , but sage , I know you 've just met him .
tr	I	In response she decelerated , and Ayako wasn 't bothered .
tr	O	My entire body throbs to a single rhythm and I feel alive , truly alive .
tr	I	The two men measured each other , and the interrogation room door shut behind Ethan .
tr	O	He began to speak but she interrupted him .
tr	I	Thorin was the first go forward by Bilbo 's side , and in desperation they agreed .
tr	I	It incapacitated its sensory system , sending the pod zipping away in a spiraling blind curve , but it didn 't kill the beast .
tr	I	The large driver was there instantly , but Hank reached out to grab Jason .
tr	O	He sold blood , collected scrap metal , and he found himself stealing from people at the mission .
tr	O	I gripped their hairs and they cried in pain .
tr	I	When she walked out of the building , Chris was there with Honey , and she tagged after Kincaid until well past dark .
tr	O	A door slammed on a shack near the road , and an elderly woman hobbled toward him .
tr	O	The soap slipped from her fingers and water splashed up onto her face .
tr	I	I saw those farmers trudging out to work , and we passed one of those villages one morning about the middle of summer .
tr	I	They 're so different from the brown ones that hurt me , and I look into this man 's sky-blue eyes .
tr	I	They were in position and Matt reported back to the lieutenant that the area was contained .
tr	O	It was rags , and they both knew it .
tr	I	His urges were strengthening , and he wouldn 't stop , ever .
tr	I	We simply held each other and he pulled me tighter in response .
tr	I	He lived for the future , while struggling desperately through the present , and neither plan was beyond possibility by any means .
tr	O	My mobile phone is still working , and I got a call through to the station .
tr	I	Not ones I ever planned to see again , but I 'd slept with sisters before .
tr	O	Though burns were not that festering nightmare , they were bad enough , and the drain upon the wounded Max would be tremendous , even dangerous .
tr	O	I have been trained with a dagger , and perhaps I could have found my mark .
tr	O	One minute I was in bed , and I think I fell asleep .
tr	O	My face turns red and I drop my head to hide my embarrassment .
tr	O	I held my arm out , and he pushed the sleeve of my jacket up just past my elbow .
tr	O	It could be my father , but I hadn 't sensed him .
tr	I	He couldn 't see the looming figure well enough to identify him , but actually , he was guessing it was Cain because of the dogs .
tr	O	He held out his hand and she put hers in it .
tr	I	That wasn 't lost on this stranger and when Shane walked into the room there was lots of wow .
tr	O	In the vague shadows of morning memory , he 'd thought that the image had been of her blushing , but now he remembered .
tr	I	You wouldn 't listen , but I tried to reason with you .
tr	I	She sucked even harder at his neck and that he was hard for her somehow fired her need .
tr	O	We disagree with claims of his divinity , but he is still a Prophet of Allah .
tr	O	I had checked the stream by the castle , but there weren 't so much as a drop of blood in it .
tr	I	They don 't dilate the same way and our pupils are larger than yours .
tr	O	He knew it was entirely futile , but it was expected behaviour .
tr	I	He needed all the information at his disposal , but it wasn 't that he doubted her .
tr	O	Then L.J. dropped to the floor , and Ink began to fire .
tr	O	He only had eyes for one of them and he had to get to his mistress now .
tr	O	Rebecca asked , and John nodded .
tr	O	She looked visibly uncomfortable as she was forced to tell the truth , and all eyes were on her .
tr	O	My boot connected with his jaw and he let out a deep grunt .
tr	I	Helen seldom used it , but the complex had an elevator .
tr	O	He would not be pleased , but they might find a use for the gold , especially if there was some sort of government cover-up .
tr	O	Tanya 's eyes shot wide open and her hand curled into a fist .
tr	I	It came out simple , but it would have been easy to have made it selfish , the way I wanted it to be .
tr	I	A mother 's raised eyebrow was one of them , and some things were bigger than willpower .
tr	I	There was nothing he could do and he was thousands of miles away .
tr	O	He 'd been shouting a lot lately and his scowl was sitting hard these days , low on his brows .
tr	I	It carried , and her voice was very loud , unlike the captive man .
tr	O	There was nobody stopping for the man and I heard a few loud cries for help coming from that direction .
tr	O	Being a telepath had its drawbacks , and most of them became evident only after losing a fight to another telepath .
tr	O	Aeron 's head tilted to the side , and he eyed his new ... friend thoughtfully .
tr	O	He tried to pull his hand free , but she held tightly .
tr	I	Stacy couldn 't stop hers from doing the same to him , and his gaze raked her from head to toe in a long , slow sweep .
tr	I	One needed a large amount of money to even enter the games , and many of Hart 's guests were hardened gamblers .
tr	O	It wasn 't what I expected , that 's all , and I didn 't think before yelling .
tr	O	Ethan asked , and I nodded .
tr	I	He didn 't look at her , but he felt Rosa turn toward him .
tr	O	It 's late afternoon and the sun is lowering .
tr	O	The girl reached down to grab my arm , and the fire increased tenfold .
tr	I	Nothing was going to get in between us and we were best friends forever .
tr	O	I want him to say that , but I don 't want him to follow through .
tr	O	His look was different and she felt weird .
tr	O	The door swung open and I smiled .
tr	O	She hadn 't rowed since a teenager , and the oars felt strange as she tried to wield them through the water .
tr	I	We all knew it was true , but he dismissed those as rumors .
tr	I	They would close their files , and there would be no survivors .
tr	O	It was anybody 's guess how long Dayne had been chanting , but his energy looked depleted .
tr	O	You have your own code , and you would never break it .
tr	I	They set out across the courtyard to find her and ares nodded without looking at me .
tr	O	Then she stepped out , and he numbed himself again .
tr	I	Neither did I look back , and I didn 't dwell on it .
tr	I	No one left the store , and it was still raining , though .
tr	O	The nausea overwhelmed my body and I ran to the bathroom .
tr	I	I quickly cup my hand and Blood seeps out of the wound .
tr	O	Right after Michael and I met .
tr	O	Night had fallen fast and the air was cool .
tr	I	His facial expression was intense and his mouth was clenched shut .
tr	I	The flame of the torch he held flickered , and Jace laughed .
tr	O	He knew some of the details from reading the files on the case , but he wanted to hear the story in Savannah 's own words .
tr	I	When it washed through her she knew exactly what it was , but she had not known what to expect .
tr	O	I passed through it all without seeing , and then burst out into the field .
tr	I	She stood a short distance away and Simon helped Helen off the horse .
tr	I	She felt his eyes on her nonetheless , but he wasn 't obvious this time by standing in a window .
tr	I	It was delicious and I ate some .
tr	O	She handed me a piece of bread and I flicked it to the birds .
tr	I	Silvery eyes danced with mischief , and Light glinted off jet-black hair .
tr	I	They formed a circle around me and I jogged to my team mates .
tr	I	Its eyes were closed , but its ears were up .
tr	O	he shouted , but she was so unsteady on her feet he caught up with her before she managed to climb the porch steps .
tr	O	The mares at the gate go wild with fear and I know the horses in the stable are worse for it .
tr	O	I 'm madly in love with Gage , and I 'm destined to marry him .
tr	O	As Tracy comes around our arms , she knocks us down and Jonathan momentarily holds me in an embrace .
tr	O	It had been a terrifying experience for me but I had completely fucked with their heads .
tr	I	My eyes flashed green , and Anita looked pointedly at me .
tr	I	The deck had enough space to hold all of us , and the large rectangular pool was lit up by colored lights .
tr	I	She saw his mouth compress , and his glance flickered over her .
tr	I	His eyes never left mine , and he slowly lowered his head .
tr	O	There is nothing special about me and you can 't be my father .
tr	O	The pay was great , and no experience was needed .
tr	I	He was already acting a little strange and she didn 't want to upset him .
tr	O	She ought to be sad , but all she felt was relief for the excuse to take back her hand .
tr	I	Your death has bequeathed your only son with bitterness , but I know in your heart you meant well .
tr	O	The fort itself appeared to be intact , but there was a very noticeable difference now .
tr	O	Julio pulled back and the creature lurched forward .
tr	O	She never questioned why I wanted to walk , and it was nice to have someone to walk with .
tr	O	A hundred pounds was all the money he had right now , and somehow he would have to make it last .
tr	O	He brushes his lips against the side of my face , and it sends a shiver up my spine .
tr	I	At the same time perfectly natural , as if he 'd known all along that she was the woman he needed and the thought was strange .
tr	I	All she got was a recording , but Cheyenne tried to call her back .
tr	I	Missy 's words were just the shove to knock her over the edge and she was a girl on the verge of collapse .
tr	I	Cameron didn 't give them to her , but Ainsley held out her hand for the letters .
tr	O	My back arched and I moaned loudly .
tr	O	She was vaguely aware that Simon was saying her name , but her mind was racing .
tr	O	Pete still had to go to jail , but he got a much lighter sentence because of Dad 's help .
tr	O	Then perhaps we could work up to phone conversations , and in time , if you are willing , visits .
tr	I	A welcome face greeted him and the craft 's side compartment opened .
tr	I	Then he 'd met Mikaela ... Mike , but Liam had always meant to leave again .
tr	O	Dreadlocks spilled from his scalp like a mane , and his eyes still burned with that intense red glow .
tr	I	It unscrewed easily from the head and Ted gave the shaft a twist .
tr	I	He sneezed loudly and dust leached into the room .
tr	I	I was certain that he would not return for the remainder , and I gave him slightly less than half of the initial amount .
tr	O	The anger drained from Sean 's face and he leaned against the pillow , looking exhausted .
tr	O	I 'm sure he did and they better not have hurt him .
tr	O	He had given him only one command and he had already botched it beyond recognition .
tr	O	I don 't really know how to explain it to you right now , but he is gone .
tr	I	I guess his plans changed , but he originally planned to stay the week .
tr	O	I could run to my minivan , but I risked losing him .
tr	I	I 'd be forced to tell what happened to the other , and just one monkey , though .
tr	I	I needed him to be strong for me , but it was bad enough my confidence was faltering .
tr	I	The teasing insults rolled off my tongue , but I don 't know why he brought out such a snide side of me .
tr	I	I didn 't particularly want to talk about myself , but talking about him was one thing .
tr	I	I was flattered by his romantic implication , and he was wickedly handsome .
tr	O	She tasted the wintergreen Tic Tac Isaac had been sucking on , and her lips tingled , as if they 'd just been stung .
tr	I	Simone did her best to hide the angry , driven workhorse within her , and as Callum knelt down to help her , they made eye contact .
tr	O	They 're coaxing a lot , but not getting much .
tr	I	Pen screams his name , and he goes for Blaze .
tr	I	It was suddenly all too much , and a groan escaped Daniel 's lips .
tr	O	My fingers dug into his shoulders , and I waited for him to kiss me .
tr	O	She looked Luke square in the face , but I saw her smirk just a little .
tr	I	Keith never complained , but all his traveling had to be taxing .
tr	O	It might have been for Clary 's sake at its heart , but it was still a debt .
tr	I	It was possible , but it was unlikely .
tr	I	I wouldn 't die , but the agonizing torture that was being bestowed on me was sure to be killing me .
tr	O	I walked to the couch , and she pulled her feet back so I could sit at the end .
tr	O	We reached the basement door , and Trisha started to go down .
tr	I	There was no one in line behind me , but that was a leading comment .
tr	I	She quickly removed her hands and he stiffened at her touch .
tr	O	I had tried to sound light , but my voice sounded flat even to me .
tr	O	Our eyes meet and he nods .
tr	O	Soon everything had been packed away and Anna stood fidgeting behind her desk .
tr	O	The lady with the magazine was being pretty nosy , and after about five minutes , she finally decided to come out with it .
tr	O	Robbie drove the car , and Ruth sat beside him .
tr	I	I was afraid to see what it was but we had found it .
tr	O	He took the opportunity to caress her neck with his mouth and he felt her low grown all the way to his toes .
tr	I	She knew that he would have done this for her anyway , even if it had no benefit for him , but it would have bothered her .
tr	I	She lowered herself next to me , and I sat on the sand .
tr	O	His skin was hot to the touch , and she jerked her fingers back in surprise .
tr	I	I cried with the pain of it , and they cut my marriage Marks in two .
tr	O	I laugh and it feels odd , laughing out loud at my own thoughts .
tr	O	I leaned against the staircase railings and my mom pulled off my boots .
tr	I	Exhaustion settled in , and the numbness was subsiding .
tr	I	Then he had gone back to being the polished man he 'd probably been raised to be , but I thought he had too .
tr	I	I needed time to think without being bombarded with more information , but I knew being alone should unsettle me more than it did .
tr	O	Rachel sighed , and squatted back down by the fire again , tending to her food .
tr	I	She shook it , weakly and he extended a hand to her .
tr	I	The heat from his hand scorched my skin wherever it touched me and his gaze delved into mine , capturing it , holding it hostage .
tr	I	There it was , smack between the two chalets , but the net hadn 't been there when she 'd gone to bed the night before .
tr	O	I glance over at Viola and I see that her face is pulled as sad as my Noise feels .
tr	I	Her guard immediately came up and she threw back her shoulders at the same time she tossed her hair off them .
tr	O	I happen to know spiders scare you to death and you cry every time you watch Extreme Home Makeover .
tr	O	He hadn 't stopped death but with Sabine , things were different .
tr	O	By the end of the summer the mystery device had lost its appeal , and it did not see daylight again until my college days .
tr	O	I do my best to block my mind to his soul as it slithers from his body , and I release the cord from his neck .
tr	O	I froze when I heard him make a sound , glancing over quickly at his face , but he was still sleeping peacefully .
tr	O	In less than a minute the door swung open and a small , dark-haired man strode purposefully past me , heading straight for the clerk .
tr	I	We 'd kill each other , or we have to get along .
tr	I	Off they went downhill with no brakes and Elizabeth waved a gloved hand of thanks .
tr	I	I climbed on first and Murray saddled her up .
tr	I	Julienne was so small , and he was generously sized .
tr	I	It is celebrated because the people know that it is always among them , but in Mexico , death is not desired .
tr	O	Declan felt her trying to pull away but he wasn 't done with her yet .
tr	I	It 's not easy , but it can be overcome .
tr	I	I didn 't know if I could ever look her in the eyes again and I wasn 't able to protect my family .
tr	I	My heart stops for a moment , and I know exactly what I asked .
tr	O	The view is stunning , vibrant , and I turn to Ryan in wonder .
tr	O	She noticed the car 's interior had grown cold , and feeling her shudder , César turned on the heat .
tr	I	He elbowed her back , and Hazel elbowed Trenton .
tr	O	An op went bad and he blames himself .
tr	I	Noah starts to talk and I squeeze his hand .
tr	O	He was a man who could have anything he wanted , and he wanted me .
tr	O	He was alone , and that was fine .
tr	I	The cloak concealed everything , but I could see now .
tr	O	Dax always laughs at me , but I think it 's true .
tr	I	At least communications were improving , but even nearly a week after the earthquake , this place still looked like a bombed-out war zone .
tr	O	He tried to take some people with him , but they all seemed to be in a trance .
tr	I	She seemed years older but Della Jasmine may have only been a couple minutes older than Jocelyn .
tr	O	His mouth took hers in a thorough , beautiful kiss much like the one he gave her last night but this one was different .
tr	O	They collected email from the other bases , and there was nothing significant happening there either .
tr	O	Now it was lessening and it just came out .
tr	I	The transmission would fall out of the car , or as the customer drives onto the street , the car engine would blow up .
tr	I	It filled me with shame , but it was fun .
tr	O	It was punishment for something your grandfather did , and now I 'm paying the price as well .
tr	O	He stopped to listen , and Teagan strained his ears .
tr	O	This is not only religiously apt , but it helped with building .
tr	O	Pia 's father was English and she still maintains a bit of his accent .
tr	I	Anything regarding the Saunders family was dangerous due to Daniel 's condition , and I didn 't really want to discuss the current situation with Robbie .
tr	I	Maybe this was my true destiny , or maybe I wasn 't strong enough .
tr	I	My heart had already started to race and my throat began to burn for her .
tr	I	You can just carry it and I 'll take it off .
tr	I	I watched Noah surreptitiously , and the waitress brought our breakfast .
tr	I	I do know that twenty against one is not fair , but I don 't know much about ghost battles .
tr	I	No sounds came out , but she moved her mouth .
tr	I	He was grey and she was pink .
tr	O	Rex goes to Summer and Tanner goes to Rhea .
tr	I	I 'm willing her to calm down and my fingers reach out to squeeze hers .
tr	O	His clients kept him busy , and he liked it that way .
tr	O	Luis had just cleared the dishes and he was stacking the dishwasher .
tr	O	I owed him that , owed him more in fact , but right now all I could give him was my ear .
tr	O	He 'd actually apologized , which for him was a lot , but he was still not on my favorites list .
tr	I	A smile followed and his face lit up .
tr	I	Lucien attempted to press his weak form to the wooden panels , and there was a rattle of the doorknob .
tr	O	The blinds were open , and sunlight filled the room .
tr	I	I still wasn 't sure how I felt about everything and the last few days had gone by in a blur .
tr	O	She almost opened the door , but then whoever approached called out to someone else .
tr	I	He texted Julia , hoping she had it , and it was nowhere to be found .
tr	O	I don 't know how to describe it , but every time she decides to explore her little world , I get excited .
tr	I	There it is and he pulls me closer to them .
tr	I	Then Nixon burst through , and a knock sounded at the door .
tr	I	It was enough to distract the enemy soldier , but the grenade detonated far right of his target .
tr	I	Adam didn 't seem to be in a hurry but we walked around the building instead of through it .
tr	I	Soon I 'm sliding into those memories and it doesn 't work .
tr	I	In the slit of vision , Nolen stood with his side to them , and one door stood ajar .
tr	O	Occasional squawks of directions came from the radio , and in the distance the sound of both trucks could still be heard .
tr	I	I had to look for her , but it hurt like words could not describe .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I wanted to delete it .
tr	I	The trees were flowering and shoots were starting to push up from the black earth .
tr	I	There didn 't seem to be any reasonable answers , but he sat for several minutes trying to rationalize his actions .
tr	O	They all looked at him and he looked at them .
tr	I	It 's no use but I fight him .
tr	I	He was pleased when the trembling finally disappeared , and Gan continued to walk , leading his horse .
tr	O	He could have taken the fight further but the problem was , Blake was right .
tr	I	Then the temperatures plummeted , along with his irritation , and at first it had annoyed him .
tr	O	Blaine tweaks his brows into his food , and I can feel it coming .
tr	O	That could set his treatment way back and I don 't think any number of sessions with the farting therapist would be able to fix that .
tr	O	Her feet went out from under her , and she slid to the edge of the constructed retaining wall next to the bridge .
tr	I	Her arms were decorated with large , colorful bangle bracelets , and her neck was adorned with silver chains with crystal pendants .
tr	I	Those dancers are likely to be a part of it and I 'm even more certain that there will be some sort of celebration in your honor .
tr	O	My eyes flashed open , feeling betrayed , but I didn 't know why .
tr	I	He was put back inside his shirt , and fresh bandages were applied .
tr	I	Then they showed up at a party , but I thought he was just being a nice guy .
tr	I	He fell , hitting the floor hard and he was unable to control his balance .
tr	O	I look up at him and the sadness in his eyes convinces me that he is telling the truth .
tr	O	There was a lump in his throat and he fought back the tears welling in his eyes .
tr	O	The door pulled open easily and I stared inside .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure of the specific laws , but the last thing Jake needed was more legal trouble .
tr	I	We always will be , and we were a brotherhood .
tr	I	The other boarders ate quickly before going off on their daily business and I was thankful that breakfast was a brief affair .
tr	O	Well , I never did -- and it is not easy .
tr	O	Her voice was smooth as melted butter and she delivered a wink for added effect .
tr	O	Our door looked directly across to Kellan 's room and his door was slightly cracked .
tr	I	The one I have least need to worry for , and she 's the one I worry for the most .
tr	I	Will looked upset at the state of the animals , but I wanted to roll my eyes at the whole thing .
tr	O	She had only been gone a little over a day , and yet , it felt much longer because so much had happened .
tr	I	Now he was her loyal companion and she 'd raised him from birth .
tr	I	I didn 't want to , and I couldn 't even imagine life without Rigel now .
tr	I	Her body followed , and the girl 's head fell to the ground .
tr	I	She didn 't step forward , but Erin pushed Jordan 's arm down , willing to listen .
tr	O	I wondered if he was our wisest diplomatic choice , but no one else offered protest .
tr	O	The words come out and I can 't have a redo .
tr	I	She didn 't like herself very much for her possessiveness , but she wasn 't willing to change her relationship with Corinne in any way .
tr	I	This time he could tell she did it with disapproval but efficiency restored in her tone , she rang off again .
tr	I	It didn 't take long for Zohar to spot it and I slid out my freshly shaved leg around the corner .
tr	I	For one split second she thought she saw something impossible , and she gasped for breath .
tr	I	All I could think was what an idiot I was , and my feet pounded against the thick grass with dull thumps .
tr	O	She clung to him now , and he held her close .
tr	O	The rest of the Hale family delegation wasn 't far behind , but at the doors , Hale stopped briefly .
tr	O	In the distance , I picked up a soft murmur , but it was too far away for me to make out .
tr	O	You could call it a rectangular wicker basket with a handle , or you could call it a briefcase made of wicker .
tr	O	The prisoners seethed with hatred , yet none of them fought back .
tr	O	My mother 's head flung back , and a tinkling laughter bellowed from her .
tr	O	I was just as outraged as she was , but I didn 't have the same passion for revenge .
tr	I	His father ordered him to go to the far corner with a firm gesture , but once Silas tried to get up to go to the curtain .
tr	I	I raced ahead too , but I had no weapon .
tr	O	It didn 't add up , and now he definitely suspected foul play , he didn 't hold the same optimistic outlook that Brian 's Father demonstrated .
tr	O	His was a harsh beauty , with a hint of cruelty , yet he was incredibly handsome .
tr	I	It was better than doing nothing , but it didn 't need done .
tr	O	The leaves were just starting to fall off the trees , and the sun was coming out later in the morning .
tr	I	I wasn 't placing any money on it , but I 'd like the latter to be true .
tr	O	He was always nice to us , and we all got along with him .
tr	O	Unfortunate accidents happen all the time at sea , and usually there 's no one around to help .
tr	I	I watched in guilty wonder , And then the eagle stuck its beak in For the hundred millionth time .
tr	O	We know we have many traitors in our midst , but it is easy enough to betray a young girl .
tr	I	It was but which probably wouldn 't be so bad if it wasn 't the only tune in her life .
tr	I	I do , almost certain that I mean it , and he pauses , waiting for me to nod .
tr	I	I knew he was getting ready to feed , and his hands were glowing .
tr	O	She sensed the girls shifting uncomfortably behind her , and when she opened her eyes , Klaudia was pointedly looking away .
tr	I	He jerked back , raising his fist as if he were going to punch me , too , but I touched his elbow .
tr	I	She wished he could at least try to guess , but Isla thought that was a good way to go .
tr	O	Lysander 's body tensed and his eyes narrowed .
tr	I	She appeared out of the corner of my vision , and the voice belonged to Dr. Kells .
tr	I	I knew it was my turn , and then she gave me the nod .
tr	O	Charles picked me up at the front of the hospital , and I went home to clean up .
tr	I	The arrows didn 't stop , but picking herself up , Lea continued .
tr	O	He turned on the radio and a slow song played that she had never heard before began to play .
tr	O	Said I might find you here , or rather , you 'd find me .
tr	I	I had a plan , but thinking about seeing him tonight made me nervous .
tr	O	I think Daniel and I got each other pretty damn well .
tr	O	The vice would always win , and I would always break even .
tr	I	I think it is up around New York , but I 'm not sure exactly where in America that is .
tr	I	I won 't do that to you , but I wish I could ... tell you everything .
tr	I	I felt awful for putting him through this , and I knew he had to be suffering too .
tr	I	He tried to sit up , only to fall back again , and Goliath 's eyes opened .
tr	I	He would not leave Ty behind , but this was a truly shitty situation .
tr	O	My father had died for it , and it was gone .
tr	I	It was just too embarrassing , but raking his hands through his hair , he tried to think of who to call .
tr	O	It hurt and I cried out .
tr	I	He lost the feeling in his left wing , and much to his surprise , both arrows easily pierced his underside .
tr	O	Neither do I. I want to , but I can 't .
tr	O	I asked , nodding towards the stage , deciding I might as well talk to someone , and he seemed interesting enough .
tr	O	A few of them are involved in subtle conversation , but the tall one is still just staring at me .
tr	O	They had started here , but this slaughtered showed that they would not stop until the entire imperial family had been wiped away .
tr	I	His eyes dropped to her chest , and he frowned , thinking it was getting harder to tell which parts of a woman were real .
tr	O	Blood was still dripping out of my mouth and the scent was so strong under my nose .
tr	I	I scooted closer to Evan 's chair , leaning against the space next to his legs , and there was another low giggle behind me .
tr	I	I smirked , and muttered Iris .
tr	I	There was a bit of hope mingled with her repugnance , but Jasmine grimaced at the sight .
tr	O	The sharp breeze nearly knocked her to her knees , and she hurriedly turned to discover Thomas surrounded in mist .
tr	O	I thought he looked better with just the towel , but I wasn 't going to complain .
tr	O	I arch my back , straining for more of Alec 's mouth , but he doesn 't give it .
tr	I	He would have left nothing at all behind and it would have been a much better firing position .
tr	I	I owe him big time , and you 've done more than your bit bro .
tr	O	He was used to being stared at , but that did not mean he liked it .
tr	O	No heat came from it , but they say if you touched it you would burn .
tr	I	Every time I try to remove it , the pattern changes , but the noise seems to follow a certain pattern .
tr	O	The smile retreated from Pope 's face and his air became instantly more daunting .
tr	I	Miss Molly tightened her hold , but she tried to pull away .
tr	O	My fingers are shaking as I undo the cap , and then I pour a glass of water , bringing both over to Harlin .
tr	I	I love them for that , and they 're trying to make me feel better .
tr	O	I say and he laughs .
tr	O	I didn 't understand exactly why , but it just seemed so ... wrong .
tr	I	Her body didn 't move , but she tried shaking herself awake .
tr	O	The odor would be too much and Tony would like to leave his lunch were it was at , in his stomach .
tr	O	He put a serious hit on my credit card , but I really didn 't care .
tr	I	I shake my head , and he pauses , like he 's waiting for me to answer .
tr	I	If something happens we 'll let you know , but we 'll be silent most of the time .
tr	O	Josie does not respond and she hurries off the subway , embarrassed .
tr	O	Again , there was a strange movement , but when she looked , nothing was there .
tr	I	I knew I was right , but I didn 't even know who ' they ' was .
tr	I	With their reflective visors down , the effect was lost , but Beck scowled at Vogel .
tr	O	A concentration of magick built in her palm , and she threw a beam of it at him .
tr	O	A great time to accomplish that feat was while she was unconscious , but he couldn 't justify the act .
tr	I	The absence of pain was pure ecstasy , and he seemed to be alone .
tr	I	I knew the real reason was that I was too cowardly to say it out loud , but I told myself this .
tr	O	Everyone turned toward me , and I snapped another photo of the entire group together .
tr	O	Some were two to a bed , but the kids didn 't care .
tr	O	I take care of her guest pass , and we get changed in the women 's locker room .
tr	I	The shades are drawn , but it 's daylight out .
tr	I	I force myself to quiet down , and he shoots a cautious look at the door .
tr	O	At some point he figured he must have dozed for a while , but mostly he counted the endless minutes until he could be with Laura .
tr	I	My need was great but I didn 't like to do it .
tr	I	I couldn 't bring myself to do more , and she was dead , no longer a threat .
tr	I	He wondered who it was and someone was there with her .
tr	O	My stomach does an uneasy lurch and a wave of nausea hits me .
tr	O	My family was well known on the island , and Akira was , well , Akira .
tr	I	He had no right to take his bad mood out on his little brother , but that hardly answered his question .
tr	I	Her thighs small and his hands were big .
tr	O	He would need to recharge soon but he would worry about that when the time came .
tr	I	He was sure she was asleep and Stephan waited until her breathing deepened .
tr	O	Of course , nothing lasts forever -- but the relative stability had bought enough time for important research to take place .
tr	O	The thought was so vile he felt his gut roil and he started to run .
tr	I	He couldn 't let her see him , but he hated to walk away .
tr	O	She was right , and he knew it .
tr	I	No one did mysterious better than Sean , and they wanted an exotic experience with a mysterious man .
tr	I	The savory goodness slid once more into her mouth and she opened .
tr	I	Her vulnerability right now smote his heart , and he 'd admired her strong spirit all along .
tr	O	The word murdered gets stuck in my ear and suddenly it feels like someone is jabbing a finger into my throat .
tr	I	His eyes were unreadable and his jaw was set .
tr	I	Milo had been working on and Alex regretted not showing his dad the scripts he .
tr	I	Della stepped out of my arms to look back at me and a knock on the door broke into my thoughts .
tr	O	The tangy smell of salt tickled her nostrils , and the density of ocean air filled her lungs .
tr	O	I could manage the jump , but it would probably kill you .
tr	O	Raquel was a scholarship kid , but there were only a handful of those .
tr	O	His parents required that , but Gizmo considered it another colossal waste of time .
tr	I	Men 's bodies were all around him and flames flickered .
tr	I	He quashed it just as fast as it appeared but a look of shock flashed across Mountbatten 's face .
tr	O	Cale was inside the place with her , just down the hallway , but Cassidy wanted him closer .
tr	O	War has only taken its first breath and it had been welcomed into the world .
tr	O	I have a wonderful mind , and I can figure things out .
tr	O	She almost toppled off the bed with the sudden motion , but he caught her around the waist , holding her protectively .
tr	O	Its eyes were black , and a single lock of mangy , black hair ran from its scalp down its back .
tr	O	Rage bubbled over , and the ground rumbled with Fin 's fury .
tr	O	They make their own tortillas , and according to Dad , who knows these things , they serve the best green corn tamales in the Valley .
tr	I	I eased the truck into second gear to negotiate the turn and we approached the turn on to OK Mill Road .
tr	O	My heart rate immediately picks up again , but I try to pretend nothing is wrong .
tr	O	The guy in the back has a gun and he 's pointing it at the one in the front !
tr	O	I was not sure ... but it sounded Welsh .
tr	I	I couldn 't help it , but I didn 't want to be jealous of her .
tr	O	The grass on his back was itching like hell and the flies , biting his face , increased their attack .
tr	O	She would never , ever say it out loud , but she would give anything to have a real family .
tr	I	It never will be , and that 's not me .
tr	I	Pat glared at her and the door swung open .
tr	I	Inside , she was a complete wreck but Katherine started laughing with her dear friend .
tr	I	The electronic beep of the lock filled the night and the sound of Gregor 's car door slamming shut .
tr	O	They can design dream weapons that come to life in my hands , but they will never again brainwash me into the necessity of using them .
tr	O	He remained silent for a long time , but she did not waver under his intimidating scrutiny .
tr	I	Cooper refused to give up , but Katherine still didn 't breathe .
tr	O	The pain of his wound , which had already begun to burn from within from an obvious contagion , receded and the gash was slowly closed .
tr	I	He had known Charlotte almost as long as I had , and Liam had always been a great friend .
tr	O	He looked over to the congressman that shoved him , and the man pointed to the Speaker of the House .
tr	O	She stood up , and her smile brightened .
tr	I	His body was clamoring for her and she was offering herself up to him .
tr	O	The family celebrated with a formal party at the Cedar Hill Center and he seemed fine .
tr	O	The microwave dinged , and she carefully retrieved her muffin .
tr	I	Kenny could tell she wasn 't happy , but her voice ended on an up note .
tr	O	He did the same with the other steps and in no time he triumphantly joined Lilly Ann at the top .
tr	O	Sarah went to Dan 's stall and he walked over to greet her .
tr	I	He pressed his lips to my forehead , and I nodded .
tr	O	I had a friend doing graduate work at Columbia , Kerouac 's old stomping ground , and he had promised to scare up some women .
tr	O	He had grown since last year , but not quite as much as I. His hair was more a dark chestnut brown .
tr	O	It still wasn 't easy walking into that house , cluttered with memories , but for his sister , he was willing to bite the bullet .
tr	I	I tried to lunge at her again , failing completely , but I didn 't know who had me by the arms .
tr	I	Michael felt his stomach plunge , and Carl slowly shook his head .
tr	I	The engine caught with a roar , and Tom cranked the truck 's starter .
tr	I	He lowered his eyes and his cheeks went pink .
tr	I	He shot her a goofy grin , and mom cleared her throat .
tr	O	Both were very beautiful women , but Suzy had taken his breath away .
tr	O	Ellie slashed at me with a knife and my broken leg recieved a deep gash .
tr	I	Barry started up the engine , and Wanda slammed the door .
tr	O	She 'd appealed for help too , and he hadn 't known what to do then , either .
tr	I	It didn 't stop me from hearing their final words , but Aiden turned , using his body to shield mine .
tr	I	The car begins to move and the divider goes back down .
tr	O	The man in black stood over the fire , and the glowing embers made patterns on his face .
tr	I	The men trying to escape into the water were quickly sucked away with the boats and there was no cover on the bare beaches .
tr	O	Chapter 10 WE ALL KNEW THAT was coming , but Nathan had dreaded it a hundred times more .
tr	O	She didn 't think he intended to keep their marriage a secret , yet he hadn 't made a point of introducing her around , either .
tr	I	I quickly looked away and she was watching me .
tr	O	Actually he was only an acquaintance , but extreme danger leads to quick promotion as we all know .
tr	O	She had entered the church and it hadn 't fallen down .
tr	I	They saw , and they looked .
tr	I	He couldn 't find the words , but he wanted to do more , to say more .
tr	I	In the third one there were also a number of cloth bags , but the second was just like the first .
tr	O	I just couldn 't do it , and then it was almost too late .
tr	I	Some fruit snacks to eat and Jacob had a juice box .
tr	I	She was finding him hard to resist , but logically , she wished it were otherwise .
tr	I	It felt like two hundred , but when we got into the last month of my pregnancy , I 'd only gained twenty seven pounds .
tr	I	She felt the slight shifting of the bed where she was lying , but the music continued .
tr	I	Her chest was constricting but she tried to breathe .
tr	I	Of all the possible reactions ; that was not what I 'd expected from the Storm Lord , and I watched him cry .
tr	I	A high score was important , and there were only so many spots open for new innkeepers .
tr	I	I 'm wondering where he is and he hasn 't turned up yet .
tr	I	You are helping her find a new guy , and you are Holly Isles 's new best friend ?
tr	I	He would never have the chance to prove his worth again , and all his schemes through the months of waiting faded into futility .
tr	I	Other parts of the world became much more interesting , and when their raiding parties started encountering the legions , however , their piety began to cool .
tr	O	The other scientist leaves and I am left with Rian .
tr	I	I love being here , for now and I love this place .
tr	O	We danced for hours , and slowly the onlookers gathered round , judging me without having heard me speak a word .
tr	I	I refuse to make the same mistake twice , and I acted like a complete idiot to make you leave .
tr	O	He 'd heard the words but he couldn 't quite reconcile them in his head .
tr	I	I 'm on vacation and I just finished one .
tr	I	She seems genuinely surprised , and she asks .
tr	I	Everyone had individual preparations to make , and we planned on leaving tomorrow .
tr	I	It had failed to do so , but Anton had hoped that his visit with his family would raise his spirits .
tr	O	They quickly caught fire , and the flames leapt into the dark sky .
tr	I	He had been distant , but he had looked the epitome of health as she went off to work .
tr	I	She did , but she hated to poke him again .
tr	O	It has been four days but my head never ached less .
tr	O	Now he had a woman in his bedroom asleep , and despite all his damned commands , she held all the power .
tr	I	I still can 't seem to breathe , but I firmly press one of my hands against it as I try to calm down .
tr	I	I feel it all the way down to my toes and he chuckles .
tr	I	He makes his own decisions , and he 's a grown man .
tr	I	He ran his tongue over the entrance to her mouth , and his grip on her hip tightened .
tr	O	She was in his bed , but he was not with her .
tr	O	The faint moonlight glinted on a webbing across the road , and we drew up short when we found the chain-link fence .
tr	I	I loved sitting under the ash trees there and this is the largest of the university gardens .
tr	I	He felt he had worked in worse conditions while fighting in the west , but it wasn 't perfect .
tr	I	I 'm the exact opposite and he 's Mr. Perfect .
tr	I	Apparel that had not been there earlier would undoubtedly heighten the interest of those watching them , and additional searches of their room were to be expected .
tr	I	I don 't turn the engine over , but I stick my keys in the ignition .
tr	I	I was no longer content and the year everything had changed .
tr	O	I don 't know what her first two wishes were , but her last was for death .
tr	I	It toppled to the floor with a clatter , and he kicked the stool out of his way .
tr	O	I can just see that pain in your eyes and it seems to hold you back in everything you do .
tr	I	Tears slip from my eyes , and he covers my mouth with his hand roughly .
tr	I	Her whole future could possibly depend upon these next few days , and she got the feeling he was serious about her .
tr	O	I knew it was empty but I still didn 't want to carry it .
tr	O	No , she 's not it , but for now , she 'll do .
tr	I	I did it to him , and I know exactly how it feels to be hated .
tr	I	He was several feet away in milliseconds and Jericho 's hands dropped from my face .
tr	I	Mary Jane Mayfair was with him , and Ryan was standing beside the bed .
tr	I	One of the only ones left in existence , and he was a son of the Silver moon .
tr	O	Her face would turn bright red and she would turn away quickly .
tr	I	I killed the bastard and until I fought back .
tr	I	I was accustomed to pain , and I was a warrior .
tr	I	She couldn 't deal with losing it now and she 'd never had that before meeting him .
tr	O	He pushed again and the whole wall spun until there was room enough for him to get through .
tr	I	She met his eyes and his tone was sharp .
tr	I	Father beat me for being naughty and I was suspended for a week .
tr	I	He got in the car and I hopped off the hood .
tr	I	His looks suggested one of the Middle East countries , but the name on the guest register was J. L. Smith .
tr	I	It kind of just hung there , but he put his arm around me .
tr	I	His always won out , and we didn 't have the same interests .
tr	O	Whoever did that had to be a 100 because Colbert 's group didn 't have anything to do with it , or he would have told me .
tr	O	He was breathing hard and his eyes were hazy .
tr	I	Even that doesn 't seem strong enough , and I love him .
tr	O	Drake must have seen me pale as my jaw clenched and my fingers swirled firmly around my sword hilt .
tr	I	She seemed to be having a good time and I caught glimpses of her talking to other people .
tr	I	When she had nightmares , she did the same thing , and she 'd learned to keep her screams silent , internal .
tr	O	She turned off the headlights , and we were bathed in blackness .
tr	O	I want you to know I don 't believe the crap they write , but it sure makes for entertaining reading .
tr	I	I could feel the blood rise to my cheeks , and he tucked me into his side with a grin .
tr	I	Lake caught her from behind , but she would have launched herself at Shay , attacked him all over again .
tr	O	There were mounts of fallen debris around and I didn 't know where to start .
tr	I	The pain was like lightning shattering the dark , and he shook her with both his hands .
tr	I	It was only the main pendant that was left and most of the old chain had dissolved away into the solution .
tr	I	I nodded at him , and Cecil came up behind Benson .
tr	I	It prompted me to continue , and his eyes were full of a fierce pride .
tr	O	The gun that was swaying in Paul 's hand was a Beretta semiautomatic , and Grady shuddered at the number of kids in the building .
tr	I	She was in one of thousands of rooms dotted across the wall , but Mira didn 't know the architecture of this strange place .
tr	I	I think what most likely would happen is that at least part of the cave system would collapse , but I can 't say for a fact .
tr	O	He knows it and you know it .
tr	I	I allowed it for a few steps and he pulled again .
tr	I	Michael often wondered what went through her head at that moment , and that brief hesitation had become her ritual .
tr	I	Sharmila speaks up before me , but I start to tell the others .
tr	I	He pulled her back into the hard frame of his body , and the palm of his hand slipped gently over her mouth .
tr	I	We stopped just in front of the Central Hub , and we were back in the lab now .
tr	I	Although Fannin had succeeded in transporting a fair number of slaves , he had continued to carry significant debts , and mims had financed the scheme .
tr	O	His eyes locked with mine , and for a second , I was sure he was going to leave .
tr	I	My stomach reminded me of its urgent needs and I stuck out my tongue at him .
tr	I	He did so every week , and he always ordered her love potion .
tr	O	We shared a tub of popcorn and we playfully fought over the carton of Milk Duds .
tr	I	It seems like he really likes having me here and we got to talk a good bit this morning .
tr	I	He really didn 't seem to give a shit what anyone thought about it and the man was sailing down a dangerous path .
tr	I	Then Apollo moved his head so that he blocked him , but over his shoulder , I saw Aiden move toward us .
tr	I	That made me smile and she must have killed a lot of leaches to get here .
tr	O	His limp might have been because of me , but I wasn 't the one who caused it .
tr	I	Her lips brushed over his throat , and she leaned up on her toes .
tr	I	His brows rose and he picked up another piece of paper .
tr	O	expecting his breath to run short and a pain to stab him in the side , as usually happened when he overextended himself .
tr	O	The light disappears and the box closes .
tr	I	I 'd even thrown the bedspread back across the mattress , and I 'd picked the clothes off the floor a couple of days earlier .
tr	O	The boy is enjoying telling the story , but to remind him he is a just a boy would deflate him .
tr	O	He looked as solid as bone , and like someone nobody wanted to mess with .
tr	I	I 'm not desperate but I might be divorced .
tr	I	It 's giving me a headache and she 's messing with my head .
tr	O	I hadn 't talked to her in a few days but she always called when she had any information on Della .
tr	I	She had little saliva to spare , but she would have spat at him .
tr	O	You know lonely , and I like that .
tr	O	I couldn 't tell you before , but the INS sent me to China .
tr	O	He didn 't even ask for directions and he just invited himself to my house .
tr	I	He held up a hand , but I swung back toward him .
tr	I	I just have a couple of questions and you 're the last on my list .
tr	I	If there comes a time when he is not sweet to me , I will deal with it , and he is sweet to me .
tr	I	It worked for her , and she wasn 't quite as heavily armored as I was .
tr	O	He begins to run after it and the man turns to his woman .
tr	I	His exclamation sifted silence over the rest of the room , and he said .
tr	O	It was so faded that I could hardly see it , but I understood now what she was doing marking it up .
tr	O	Learn what 's easiest for them , and you can get by .
tr	O	He had delivered the news as gently as he had been able , but gentleness hadn 't softened the blow .
tr	O	He had dulled it , but it was something none of them could fully prevent .
tr	O	We were out of there , but before we got in the car I heard the closing remarks from Mayor Joe Tolson .
tr	I	Their canvases torn , and the works were scattered along the stairways , their frames broken beyond repair .
tr	I	Then her entire hand was on fire , and a tiny spark flew from her fingertips .
tr	O	The wounds were deep , and he couldn 't get rid of them for her .
tr	I	The force of his will won , as it always did , but she detested the contents , her body striving to reject it .
tr	O	When he touched me in my dreams , all my strength crumbled , and I felt myself being tangled up in his net all over again .
tr	I	They brought her back , but some kind of spell .
tr	I	I know that I need to , but sometimes I find it hard to walk .
tr	O	The water was cool and I still felt cold , so I wasn 't going in .
tr	I	You make the rules and the way I see it , you are the king .
tr	O	They had offered their lives to save us , and I wanted to repay that .
tr	I	He thought he should be offended by that , but he wasn 't sure .
tr	I	Now they were at my house indefinitely and they 'd packed a bag for Dani .
tr	I	It isn 't mocking , but he 's grinning now .
tr	I	Finding no force moving against them , but the mages were sweeping .
tr	O	Sam had an idea what it would be , but he would let Brent discover that on his own .
tr	O	I looked around and she was standing over my face , tears in her eyes , shaking my shoulder slightly .
tr	I	They squeezed into the back seat with a couple of other officers and the sergeant yielded that point .
tr	I	I had to let go of his hand to silence it and my phone chose that second to buzz .
tr	O	A head was above her for a moment , but then it was gone followed by another splash .
tr	I	I hoped that would be my only chastisement for my tardiness , and Jack shot me an irritated glance .
tr	I	It excited him and he could smell it oozing from the bodies around him .
tr	I	Some looked barely older than us , which I suppose made sense , and the number seemed to vary .
tr	O	Something light brushed against me again and it caused my skin to contract .
tr	I	She tightened her arms around his neck more securely and her eyelids fluttered closed .
tr	O	As she was reading aloud , she forgot about the entire world , and reality around her was further away than the things she was reading .
tr	I	I glowed inside , and he laughed .
tr	I	Cynthia waved him off , but the waiter was walking toward us .
tr	I	His eyes watered as he watched Zane , but he covered his mouth to stop the snickering .
tr	O	There was little left in life that touched him , and he admitted he liked it that way .
tr	O	He smiled , trying on an expression of pride , but it came out awkward .
tr	O	She is gorgeous and she seems to be fixated on Jack .
tr	I	The truth of them wrenched her heart , but Iseo 's words sounded logical , when she said them out loud .
tr	I	It looks like the North Korean strain may be worse than projected and I got a communication from the CDC while I was back there .
tr	I	All the pieces are lined up in perfect symmetry , and there 's a chessboard on the coffee table .
tr	O	The fever came back , and I felt a throbbing soreness in the place where no man wants to feel it .
tr	I	I had to go home , but I wished our story could have ended differently .
tr	O	Oddly Momma Oaks seemed proud and Edmund was nodding .
tr	I	Probe would take everything , or I knew I would have to give up everything .
tr	O	I have kids of my own and I like to teach them .
tr	I	It sounded horrible and Eva had something all planned out .
tr	I	I climb up his back and he places his head down .
tr	I	He tried to contain the fabulous beams they may evoke , and he felt a surge of light in his large shaking hands .
tr	I	She 'd never seen him looking like this , but okay , she knew he was on vacation .
tr	I	The floor was thumping , and I walked inside as the music was blaring .
tr	I	God only knew what was in there , and I rarely cleaned it out .
tr	O	The gate in question lit up on his map , and a path of travel was illuminated from his current location .
tr	I	She didn 't even sleep in Liam 's bed and they were married .
tr	O	Now he did sigh , but he didn 't argue .
tr	O	He wouldn 't attend Ellen 's funeral even if it was right across the street and there was no danger .
tr	O	He waited for her , and she reluctantly caught up .
tr	O	It was fun to imagine a life of extravagance , but living it seemed like an awful lot of work .
tr	I	I 'm strong and I 'm fit .
tr	I	I remained in this place , but I took a step back , hoping to return .
tr	O	I do consider you a friend , and I don 't want to put you in danger .
tr	I	His eyes were ringed with dark circles , and he could use a shave , too .
tr	I	They talked as though they knew how we felt , but they hadn 't lived through what we did .
tr	O	He may even be good at it , but I am Death 's true daughter .
tr	O	I knew he wasn 't keen on asking Duke about what we 'd been hearing , but I didn 't care anymore .
tr	O	My hand moves automatically to my chest , but the necklace is no longer there .
tr	O	A deep groan rumbled through him and a thousand emotions erupted inside me .
tr	I	My eyebrows knit themselves together in dismay and he says pleasantly .
tr	I	We 've broken up , and I 've told Grant .
tr	O	He groaned and I smiled .
tr	I	All of it boxed , and Clutter filled one side of the garage , though more neatly arranged .
tr	I	That 's what I needed right now , control , and I was back in control .
tr	O	Consumed in each other , they tried to forget the threat facing them , but real life couldn 't be ignored for long .
tr	O	You 're scared of the Iron fey and you don 't want to get involved .
tr	O	Devon wasn 't a big fan , but it would be better to meet here than somewhere comfortable ... somewhere near Brennan .
tr	I	By God , he 'd spent the last years making sure she was protected , and Jane needed one person to count on .
tr	O	When her phone rang , she expected to see Jordan 's name , but it was Hanna instead .
tr	O	The tasks before him were not new , but familiarity was not the same as comfort .
tr	I	For a minute , I thought he might follow me all the way to the wash closet , and Dr. Wilson was happy to let me in .
tr	I	When I presented myself in the office , he instructed me to take a seat , and my commanding officer requested a meeting .
tr	O	I nod , feeling bad for upsetting him , and I take his hand under the table .
tr	O	He manages to smack me in the back of the head and we call it even , still laughing .
tr	O	His voice was sincere and his gaze rock steady .
tr	O	Robert scowled out the window , but he couldn 't blame them .
tr	I	She sobbed once , and her voice cracked .
tr	I	It had a small control panel on its wide barrel , yet there was a trigger in the traditional gun position .
tr	O	I would eventually hurt Harlow , and I can 't do that .
tr	I	I could hear Marcus 's sucking breaths from where I was standing and Bax lifted the pillow up .
tr	I	I locked the door and I carried them over to the bathroom .
tr	I	I wasn 't hungry but my stomach felt hollow .
tr	I	She warmed her arms and she pulled her arms in front of her chest .
tr	I	I liked to name things anyway , but I wasn 't necessarily a scientist .
tr	I	They didn 't notice , but their lips met again as their bedroom door opened .
tr	I	He had full confidence that Brice would follow his orders perfectly and Robert had planned for this .
tr	O	They had nothing , absolutely nothing , to go on , and the waiting was the worst part .
tr	I	I howled in sudden blazing pain as they yanked me face first into cold water and fishing hooks jumped out of the journal into my soft eyes .
tr	O	Lani giggled , and I smiled .
tr	I	He wasn 't going to give up without a struggle , but she might be big .
tr	I	I can 't let myself think he 's my friend , but it 's nice to finally have someone to talk to .
tr	I	I know there are two undercover detectives in there , but I can 't see very well inside the window .
tr	O	His footsteps stop abruptly and my eyes meet his .
tr	O	The lieutenant seemed totally calm and composed , the distinct opposite of his earlier behavior .
tr	I	He would follow that directive to the letter , and we 'd told him not to say anything .
tr	I	You 're the only person I can think of to ask and I need some help .
tr	I	She had no more tears , but Mary Ellen wanted to cry .
tr	O	He wanted to introduce us , but now I can introduce myself .
tr	O	This time , not only did you unnecessarily put yourself in great danger , but a fellow Spade as well .
tr	O	Jenny had never thought much about UFOs at all , but this wasn 't what she would have expected .
tr	O	The rich taste awakened my taste buds and I felt a little lightheaded .
tr	O	Kennedy knew he shouldn 't ask , but he was bothered enough by Joe 's attitude that he couldn 't stop himself .
tr	O	She felt Drew 's arms wrap around her and she was being tugged over to the couch .
tr	O	He had called only once , and that was to tell her that he was going to be too busy to talk the rest of the week .
tr	O	Mom passes him a damp cloth , and he wipes gingerly at his face .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure why and the very word made my heart pound .
tr	I	I heard the tent flap slap back and I grunted , then giggled , then wrapped my arms around Ghost who squirmed .
tr	I	It had a life of its own but I meant to sanitize my response .
tr	O	She collapsed toward me , but other arms caught her , tried to save her , pulled her hand away from mine .
tr	I	She suspected it always would and a part of her continued to grieve .
tr	I	After only a few steps he called out a few words Jason couldn 't understand , but he was considerably slower than she was .
tr	O	He turns his head , and I can sense his uncertainty .
tr	O	It 's clearly not a satisfactory answer but it 'll have to do .
tr	I	I hope he has , but I can 't tell if he 's listened to my message yet .
tr	I	We 're itching to do it and we have to make the change .
tr	O	She wasn 't as old as he 'd expected , but he couldn 't actually put an age to her .
tr	O	The lines on the wall were a better measurement of time and by them she knew she had been gone four planet days .
tr	O	I mean she had sweat comin ' off her brow and she sounded short of breath just with these few words .
tr	O	A strange gleam entered his eyes , and then he pushed off the wall .
tr	O	Cassidy rose with a groan , but her arms went right around Diego .
tr	O	Clay regarded her blankly , hoping to defuse her apparent jealousy , but it was too late .
tr	I	She died within an hour , and she took three steps before she collapsed in convulsions .
tr	I	I could tell that he was going to throw this game and Ethan 's eyes veered toward the stairs .
tr	I	You 're safe with me , but I know that 's not going to be easy .
tr	O	He 'd thrown our love away , and I was destroyed over it .
tr	I	Wars were breaking out everywhere and the planet was overwhelmed by a population exceeding nine billion .
tr	I	She wouldn 't let him pass , but Marlon said .
tr	I	The bitter taste of milky tea flooded into her mouth , and a door opened in her mind .
tr	O	A flash of lightning again caught her peripheral vision and she turned to see someone running their way , emerging from a tree line to the south .
tr	I	His voice was too low to be heard over Dominick 's , but Preston answered .
tr	O	They were the first words I could think of , and I realized my argument was coming out all wrong .
tr	I	They did , and he roared .
tr	I	The maw of dark , silent countryside opened up and the last buildings of the urban area dropped away .
tr	I	She wasn 't afraid to hurt me , and she would not hold back .
tr	I	Charlotte did not choose you , but I know you expected to be the Gerard .
tr	O	This pattern repeats itself about five times and once again , there is a silence .
tr	I	She was lost , and Julienne turned her head to capture his lips .
tr	O	Tears sprang to her lashes and she quickly wiped them away .
tr	I	This was far worse than anything she ever could have imagined , but Devon had said that it was painful to have blood drained against your will .
tr	I	He gave her a half smile , that unreadable , closed-off expression vanishing , and his eyes rose to her face .
tr	I	She hid a smile , and he flushed .
tr	I	She had , but Amber wasn 't sure if Mrs. Dawson noticed his hesitation .
tr	O	Few people kept them locked and several even left the keys in the ignition .
tr	O	He always helped other people , and he needed a break himself .
tr	O	They know , and they are vulnerable to the hazards of that knowledge .
tr	O	When Mac boarded all she had to do was push a button and they 'd be off .
tr	O	My mother was a beautician and she entered me in pageants .
tr	I	Together they watched through the window as he started his truck , and she gestured to indicate Isaac .
tr	O	The monster screamed in agony as Lucas drove the sword further in , and he felt its dead weight press against him as the beast collapsed .
tr	I	I never looked back , but as I did so , I could hear everyone yelling my name .
tr	O	Our lips meet halfway , and the connection sparks an overwhelming desire .
tr	O	Something 's going way over my head , but I guess that 's just what happens when you 're new in town .
tr	O	The elevator opened , and he stepped inside .
tr	I	She lost her breath and he drove into her .
tr	O	She hated grocery shopping , but she 'd put it off to the point where it was urgent now .
tr	O	I was taken to the Intensive Care Unit at the Royal North Shore Hospital , and there I stayed for three weeks .
tr	O	I love him , but he terrifies me in some ways .
tr	I	A large hole appeared in a tank on the other side of the room and there was an explosion .
tr	I	I did not know from where the words came out and I said without fearing .
tr	I	She was looking at Lea with those deep amber eyes and Lea started to feel shy with the girl , especially when she was so beautiful .
tr	O	Monday is usually quiet and tonight , Tuesday , is also usually pretty quiet , though you would not know from tonight .
tr	O	Jeff only spoke when he was asked a question , and Sera wasn 't asking much .
tr	I	We waited for the two miners to emerge from the cloud and by now I could barely see the dugout entrance for yellow dust .
tr	I	I answer him anyway , but okay , this part is definitely illegal .
tr	O	He gripped the side of his desk until his flesh turned white , and he watched his skin grow paler with a sort of detached emotion .
tr	O	Tara knew she was pretty and everyone adored her .
tr	O	It slips over me and I shiver .
tr	I	Agent Briggs came in , carrying a thin file and a door to his left opened .
tr	I	Her mind was not on their upcoming shopping trip yet she was sitting in Starbucks waiting for Lauren .
tr	O	Talon didn 't like being ordered about , but in this case he had no choice .
tr	O	I push up on my elbows , and my insides rip with pain .
tr	I	She picked it up and the phone rang again .
tr	O	General Burton had gone to play golf and I had the office to myself .
tr	I	Noelle found herself staring at them and a masculine smile curved his lips .
tr	I	The place looked devastated , and the storm had stilled .
tr	I	After a while some of those black employees threw in with us and many of the white owned businesses in River Sunday had black employees .
tr	I	I 've come to have serious doubts about what she 's up to and I 've been going out with Laurel Hamilton .
tr	O	I covered my face , and then the giggling began .
tr	I	The Guard followed in steady ranks as his command shifted forward , and the Emperor himself turned towards the fishing huts , just taken .
tr	O	You tell me and I 'll be satisfied .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure what it was , but she 'd been having that dream almost every night for the past few weeks .
tr	I	That didn 't make it any less true , but it might have been one of the great tragedies of my universe .
tr	I	I hadn 't thrown them up in time , and well , my hands had been full .
tr	O	Tim left the office , giving me a scowl on his way out , but his anger wasn 't strong enough to burn a bridge with Myron .
tr	O	Steve used Teflon tape to create an additional seal on the vial and they rinsed it before removing the vial from the sealed environment .
tr	O	Keaton approached him from behind and it was even more frightening to watch the Chris of his childhood being snatched from a third person point of view .
tr	O	It was listed as her number , but when he rang it back there was no response .
tr	O	The reassuring squeeze of his hand on my neck seemed to relieve some of my fears , but there were plenty still remaining .
tr	I	She could almost see him smiling through the darkness and she heard him scratch at his hair .
tr	I	That 's just how Ella is , but she asks , seeming a little nervous .
tr	I	He saw now that she had a dark wooden cane tipped in gold , and she lifted one hand .
tr	O	Tiny diamonds dangled from her earlobes , and a silver pendant rested on her chest .
tr	I	For a moment , her vision seemed to clear , and she leaned further over the railing .
tr	I	Once I had the thought of reptiles in my head I could not get rid of them , and they were not exactly uncommon out this way .
tr	I	His eyes flickered golden and she looked up at him .
tr	O	It 's cold out here in the wind , and goose bumps break out across my bare arms .
tr	I	I sat up , my heart tripping , and my eyes flew to Torin 's house .
tr	I	It swings in perfect silence , but I was worried an old door would creak .
tr	I	She couldn 't move away , but she laughed , feeing ridiculous .
tr	I	I believed V would help weed out the less agreeable portion of the vampire population , but you may think me callous .
tr	O	Sure , it follows the same path , but that path is always changing .
tr	O	the Colonel asked as I stood beside him , my shoulders slouching , wanting a cigarette but nervous to be as audacious as him .
tr	O	The hot water instantly started flowing and she wondered how that was possible .
tr	O	Junior 's out there right now and we 've got to save him !
tr	O	We weren 't friends , but we had mutual friends .
tr	O	Some data 's missing and there 's no checksum .
tr	I	I swear I heard a snicker , and a part of me wanted to .
tr	O	Most people had learned to ignore the disturbing racket that literally caused the floor to tremble beneath their feet , but I felt different .
tr	I	His tiny claws couldn 't get traction on the glass , but at one point , he tried to climb the side .
tr	I	He shamelessly admired the view and she had a nice backside .
tr	O	She touched her tongue to her lower lip and instantly his gaze was riveted there .
tr	O	You 're a sweet girl and no one can deny that .
tr	O	Nick allowed him to pull him to his feet , but he was still intimidated by the cars around him .
tr	O	He grins in return and we both head back inside to work .
tr	I	Soon my bad feelings turned to adoration as we drove silently through Geneva at night , but I was irritated with Avalon .
tr	O	My name is Monica Newport , and I guess you could say I 'm sort of a personal assistant , too .
tr	O	He 'd been played , but he wasn 't angry .
tr	O	I turn away from the lectern and the Marine leads me back to my cell .
tr	I	I run my teeth over my lips as I roam my eyes over him and Heat surges through me .
tr	I	This is her sixth published novel and she published her first novel , Forever Black , in February 2013 .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but it was tough talk since the truth was I didn 't have a clue what the hell I was talking about .
tr	I	He shaved the cat and Braden thought he 'd be my savor .
tr	O	I hoped he was right and we could sense one another .
tr	I	I looked at her and my head snapped up .
tr	O	He pretended to snore and that settled her down .
tr	O	The door opened back up and the nurse walked in staring at me now like she was trying to figure something out .
tr	O	I 've got around twenty of these paintball guns , but I only want ten shooting at a time .
tr	O	It was like our mouths were naturally turned at the corners , and our eyes lit up since birth .
tr	O	We were in front of my apartment building and Trisha was about to get into a cab to go to the airport .
tr	O	His heart lurched , and he swallowed hard .
tr	I	Ted had a strong urge to kiss her , and she said thank you softly .
tr	I	In a fit of desperation , I resort to theatrics , and having no idea what to do .
tr	I	Yosef almost believed that the diagnosis had been wrong , and he had seemed to grow normally for several months .
tr	O	It was the first time he 'd spoken those words since we 'd gotten back together , and they tore something inside of me .
tr	O	It would be a crude machine and Delta soldiers were taught to beat better tests than a person could buy retail on Madison Avenue .
tr	I	Nothing else mattered , and Ian had Beth .
tr	O	It 's not cold , but I shiver .
tr	O	Chad started the fight but Sali was taking him down .
tr	I	He made me several more drinks and we hung out in my room .
tr	I	A cloud of smoke curled around his head as he exhaled , and he took a deep , long drag .
tr	O	I knew the move might come back to haunt me later , but I 'd feel terrible about hurting her if she wasn 't evil .
tr	I	Small Talk doesn 't bother with it , but there is a plasma rifle there as well .
tr	O	His foot landed flat upon her face , but she completely ignored the attack .
tr	O	Our house was busy , but it was so full of love .
tr	I	It did , but it would be hard to pin down exactly why this hurt me .
tr	I	She guessed she knew how to do it well enough , but she 'd never really kissed anybody besides Adam .
tr	O	I swallowed back the heat rising up my throat imagining the two of us with nothing but a coat of water separating our bodies .
tr	O	Sabrina didn 't look so sure of that , but after several moments , she complied .
tr	I	He pulled his eyes away from Sara , and the opening theme of the movie began .
tr	O	He hadn 't designed a wheelchair accessible entrance yet , but I know he would have eventually .
tr	O	Alisa didn 't seem to care for it much , but Cassandra bought a whole bucket for herself after she took a taste of Nellie 's .
tr	I	I 've blinked only six times since we left Adam 's house and we 're already on the road .
tr	O	I wasn 't really interested in much of anything , but I had agreed to go to college so I had to study something .
tr	O	Staring down at the wet mess , her shoulders drooped and she trudged home grimly .
tr	I	The ferry honked its horn , but Ruby started to say something .
tr	O	She was so professional , and yet , she was just a woman who needed help .
tr	O	Gray walked towards the bedroom and Suzy heard him opening drawers as he packed .
tr	O	He started for the door and she walked him out , locking up behind him .
tr	I	He put his hands under my chin again , and both of us took a moment to breathe .
tr	O	I stared up into his intense eyes , and the mood shifted from playful to serious .
tr	I	It 's not what I pictured it would be , and well I have realised my fear .
tr	O	A blond head caught my eye , and I squinted to find Wren walking across the reservation with Riley .
tr	I	She came down the stairs and Amy 's bedroom door opened .
tr	I	Because my stomach was still queasy , I decided against it , but I thought about getting something to eat before healing the core .
tr	I	I didn 't look back again until the sounds of Kai swimming became oddly quiet , and Evie rushed forward .
tr	I	My heart leapt for the safety of my throat , and I looked towards it .
tr	I	They weren 't as detailed as I would have imagined and I wasn 't in the habit of reading blueprints .
tr	I	Victoria can see the light glittering on Chris ' black hair and the moon was shining so bright .
tr	O	She closed her eyes and her thighs eased apart .
tr	O	They were only 16 minutes into the flight , and the level of turbulence implied they weren 't on a direct escape path .
tr	I	He would have to work for their affection , but oh , they would serve whoever was crowned king .
tr	O	She 'd carried cuffs ever since that pot farmer nearly broke her wrist the year before , and she retrieved them from her belt .
tr	O	There were large caves and hiding places its base .
tr	O	The invitations were out , and everyone was asked to come dressed as a cowboy .
tr	I	Emily had refused , but Ali had tried to talk Emily into getting a bikini wax , too .
tr	O	She had never stopped screaming and it made them nervous .
tr	O	Bri poked me in the ribs , and I turned my head to look at her .
tr	I	You didn 't run it by me , and you didn 't run it by the editor .
tr	I	Falling around his face , and his filthy hair was very long , tangled .
tr	O	Their budget had been squeaky tight and they were unable to afford any tours .
tr	O	The little red arrow pointed in front of her , and less than two miles down the road was the blue dot that marked her destination .
tr	O	The GPS Chart plotter was functioning for a change and I worked out a rough estimate of our course .
tr	O	He hoped the boon would help , but the king didn 't look impressed .
tr	O	He leaned down and I stretched up .
tr	O	Abby could not understand the chatter , but it was obvious the gang on the porch was terribly excited about the bottle of Myers 's .
tr	I	His throat closed and his chest tightened .
tr	I	In this instance , they desired the same thing , but they might have worked together only a short time .
tr	I	He held me tighter and I sniffled back a tear .
tr	O	I was happy for Raj but at the same time , I was upset , because Raj had to join within one month .
tr	O	Hannah 's cries filled his ears , louder than ever , but the Yankee made no reply .
tr	I	I need to know more and Knowledge is power .
tr	O	I could almost recite every word of the article , and none of it seemed to make sense .
tr	I	It reminded me of long , lazy summer days here in Mystic , and I smelled the sea air .
tr	I	I 'm ready to pass out and add that to the mental exhaustion .
tr	I	We had to head to class and she asked as the bell rang .
tr	I	Though he turned to watch her , he didn 't stop her , but en route to the door , she skirted Alistair .
tr	I	His tongue brushed mine and his lips parted .
tr	I	A number of people had already left for winter break , and Tomorrow was officially the last day before everyone had to be out .
tr	I	This was the first time she 'd been back , and Margie had been on maternity leave for three months .
tr	I	She rubbed her tongue against his seductively , and his tongue once again invaded her mouth .
tr	I	He ignored it , but something fisted around his heart .
tr	I	He was lost for words and it was now a scroll .
tr	O	By this time she was half out of the car and slamming her fists into my chest .
tr	O	She knew it hurt , but she might not know why .
tr	O	He appeared calm , and yet Maddox sensed something bubbling under that serene surface .
tr	I	They displayed images , not just color and Sye realized his eyes were looking at a particular series of panels on a building across from him .
tr	I	I meet the abbess 's impersonal gaze , and a cool calmness settles over me .
tr	I	He leads us to the back end of the warehouse where the sounds of battering are still going on and Kevin is back with us .
tr	O	When we reached the hotel , I stepped down from the taxi and the cabbie handed my suitcase over .
tr	I	He knew he wasn 't likely to crack the password , but he attempted a few combinations he thought Robert might use .
tr	O	His heart beats wildly beneath them , and I know it 's breaking .
tr	I	Eventually Nick agreed , but it took some convincing .
tr	I	He stayed quiet , and I hurriedly gathered the rest of my things , including my shirt I couldn 't find earlier .
tr	I	He still ended up 20 yards short of the green , but the result was better .
tr	O	The sky was an iron gray , and the scent of dirt rose into the air , accompanying the bustling motion around the camp .
tr	I	I pressed the package through the bars and they rushed forward .
tr	I	The voice was like a vacuum sucking him in , but he tried to ignore it because sleep was so easy .
tr	O	The cabinet creaked and the eyes withdrew .
tr	I	Then , even though it wasn 't all that late , maybe she 'd head back home and she needed another drink to wet her throat .
tr	O	J. D. Blanchard had a good photograph of the suspect , and Burris made copies before distributing them to the television stations .
tr	I	I hadn 't believed he ever would , but he had said he would call .
tr	I	I move on instinct , and Chapter Twelve I notice she 's barefoot a second after the glass breaks .
tr	I	He acted as if that was the most he 'd expected , and she offered her hand to let him know what she preferred .
tr	I	He swallowed , and I jerked my head toward the dead Reboot .
tr	I	Unease churned inside me , and I watched him through the showroom windows , walking around to look at the new cars .
tr	I	You feel restless inside and I have seen your shadow pacing in front of your window at night .
tr	I	It doesn 't last too long and that 's why they give money to new grad students .
tr	I	He didn 't sulk too much , but he wasn 't happy about it .
tr	I	I grip it , and it rises in the water like a lever .
tr	I	I can tell you this , but I really don 't care how many .
tr	O	I checked the booths , but the seats were plastic .
tr	O	I run through my times tables up to five digits to calm my brain , but that hardly slows my mind down .
tr	O	I couldn 't really place it , but my senses seemed much stronger .
tr	I	She turned back to me , and I touched her shoulder .
tr	O	Eleanor lay down at his side as she kept up the beautiful friction , and Hart wrapped his arm around her .
tr	I	He could actually see her freeze up and she turned to look at him .
tr	O	A few long trucks were crowded in the middle , but otherwise it was clear .
tr	O	For two long breaths it seemed that Myo was the only thing in the world moving , and his desperation made him move fast .
tr	I	Early morning I felt him break away from me , or nellie Sometime in the night .
tr	O	I don 't mean to say it out loud , but it slips out .
tr	I	Winston turned to help her off the mattress and the woman nodded .
tr	O	He tossed it to me , and I grabbed it from the wood surface it just fell on .
tr	O	The violin music faded behind us , and I hoped Stryker would be okay on his own for a few minutes .
tr	I	There was nowhere left to go , but I still didn 't want to be here .
tr	O	She taps his cheek , and he rolls his eyes .
tr	I	Jeff is fearless , and I could tell he was afraid .
tr	I	Now I was useless , and I 'd given in to the pills .
tr	I	Danny threw an elbow backwards and Instinct took over .
tr	O	Behind her , she heard Mitchell pick up the telephone receiver , but a moment later he put it back in the cradle with a sharp clack .
tr	I	Cade didn 't care , but the soldier was staring .
tr	I	I can find it for them , but I have no idea what they want .
tr	O	He remembered the blonde girl in the silver dress , and he was sure it was Anne .
tr	I	Everything here is bathed in radiant gold , and the sun is just starting to sink over the horizon , over the edge of the sea .
tr	I	He pulled me back against him even more and both of his hands rested on my hips .
tr	I	I work at and he even has a job at the diner Greyson .
tr	O	She was here , and they were alone .
tr	I	He pictured her outside planting a garden , and Spring tinged the air with a teasing freshness .
tr	O	This con had been her idea , her baby , her chance to prove herself and now it might be falling apart .
tr	O	Her lips are parted a tiny bit and her eyes are sharply focused on me .
tr	O	Not that he hadn 't been thinking about it since he 'd walked in , but he kept telling himself to ignore the urge .
tr	I	She took hold of it and Aran held out his hand .
tr	O	Mom was here and I would see her in a few minutes .
tr	O	A knife was brought up to rest against her throat , and she froze in place .
tr	O	There are a dozen questions I can think of that I hope and pray he doesn 't ask .
tr	O	His obnoxious dominating ways should have repelled her , but instead she found him fascinating , mesmerizing even .
tr	O	Gideon didn 't stop shouting , but it did no good .
tr	I	Then his head pokes out again , but Travis ducks in the locker room .
tr	I	He took a step toward Tuck and Rodney 's smile left his face .
tr	I	He promised he 'd be back in time , but his flight doesn 't get in until late this morning .
tr	I	He followed unerringly , and the stench of his prey was overpowering .
tr	I	She just nodded , but Devon bit her lip , wanting nothing more than to wrench herself out of his grasp .
tr	O	Everyone seemed to be waiting , and after a few minutes I got the impression they 'd been waiting for a long time .
tr	O	The past four months have been so wonderful with you and I hope that , somehow , we will be together for much , much longer .
tr	O	It still felt alien in her hands , but it wasn 't as impossible to hold .
tr	I	Even knowing that didn 't help , but McKenzie knew this was how it was going to end .
tr	I	He was trying to get away from us , and we 'd wounded a bear .
tr	I	He didn 't attempt to touch her again , but she was still within his reach .
tr	O	I know he 's no longer a threat to Malcolm , but Malcolm still flinches .
tr	I	That is also why I chose you , and I have no doubt you do not wish to be Governor .
tr	I	She was beaming , so I knew I 'd made her happy by not arguing , but Momma Oaks left so I could finish getting ready .
tr	O	Her hand was still on his cheek , and he covered it now with his own .
tr	I	As his skinny body unfolded , Evie could see he was considerably taller than her , and Peter stood up .
tr	I	A door to my right suddenly sparks into life and I take hold of it .
tr	I	That doesn 't make me less sorry , but I didn 't know him .
tr	I	One was strangled and one was shot .
tr	O	You were not friendly with Boromir , or you did not part in friendship .
tr	O	I didn 't recognize the number but I picked up .
tr	I	His clothes are dodgy but he 's mostly nice .
tr	O	It wasn 't too hot and it wasn 't too cold .
tr	O	He said it imperiously , as if no one would think to question him , and of course they wouldn 't .
tr	I	Charlotte did , too , slanting her head to one side , inviting him to deepen the kiss and he moaned softly .
tr	I	He wrapped his arms around her , and she laughed breathlessly .
tr	O	I tried to focus , but I was still reeling against the escape of my taboo dream .
tr	O	Hearing the unrestrained noise sends me into a state of anxiety and I fall back to reality .
tr	I	I think I know who 's next , and he was shooting at me .
tr	O	I toss a fireball at Nine and he dives away .
tr	I	His hands were fisting in my hair and soon his hips were rocking forward to meet my mouth .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed and Zane 's arms were crossed .
tr	O	She could be spooked only because she knew this was where it had happened , but the way her gaze darted around seemed extreme .
tr	I	Suddenly it had a voice , and I gazed out into the rain .
tr	I	Now I also felt extreme distaste at her attempt at seduction , but I was as indifferent to Emily as I had been before .
tr	I	Flattery saw to it that her silent brain lived on , but her body had been crushed in a kelp station accident .
tr	O	There was something going on , but I could not quite put my finger on it .
tr	I	It takes all of my strength to keep from interrogating him and I sit opposite the mysterious man .
tr	O	For the past two years I managed to stay free of them and my life has been fairly free of drama .
tr	I	She refused to give much thought to that , but there was a tiny part of her that was stupidly disappointed .
tr	O	She nodded , but the possibility that Jacob had never come back from the war was still very real to her .
tr	I	We just couldn 't see them but her arms are still in fact there .
tr	I	His thoughts returned to the situation at hand and he quickly shook the self-inflicted history lesson aside .
tr	I	I thought it was worth exploring , but I didn 't know the answer .
tr	O	She heard him shout after her , but she didn 't turn to look back .
tr	I	My limbs felt like lead , and my mouth tasted like sandpaper .
tr	O	He would kill her afterward , but her task would be complete .
tr	O	The door was slightly open , and the light was off .
tr	I	She pretended to still be blind as he rinsed her eyes out with the canteen and he guided her head back .
tr	O	They were physically perfect and the man was absolutely gorgeous , hotter than any guy I 'd ever seen before .
tr	O	I couldn 't count the numbers then , either , and I resolved to stop trying .
tr	I	He just runs out of words , and this is the guy who would give me the best insight into Huguenot thinking ?
tr	I	I fel into him , and he reached for me .
tr	I	The lock gave way without a sound and he depressed the handle with his thumb .
tr	I	He knew that , and there were women on this mountain capable of taking care of any kind of emergency .
tr	I	The states were incorporated as part of the British Empire and the British prevailed .
tr	I	Other times I just miss out , but I can usually guess it from context .
tr	I	On the court he was transformed into a particularly undesirable character , but off the court he was a sanguine , charming young man .
tr	I	She wanted more and her insides quivered .
tr	I	In the soft firelight , her skin seemed to glow like cave crystal and she was naked .
tr	I	I 'm not stupid , but I may be small .
tr	O	Perry couldn 't complete the question , but Cal knew what he was asking .
tr	I	She 'd loved him as such for her entire life , but she knew he wasn 't her father .
tr	O	She is probably still on the missing persons list and you can find her in my sister 's grave .
tr	O	It 's really up to you , Philip , to protect yourself and we 'll both back you up .
tr	O	The hot water felt good and she lay in it a long while .
tr	I	Grant knew that , and I 'd longed to visit Paris .
tr	O	Simon looked at his wife and she shot him an alarmed look .
tr	O	He hadn 't walked away from his responsibilities at eighteen , and he sure as hell didn 't intend to at twenty-seven .
tr	O	Flames were leaping out of the sitting-room window , and it looked as if they might even have reached the stairs .
tr	I	Maybe we can forget this happened , and say you 're sorry .
tr	O	FURTHER ANALYSIS Norman went up to the lab to see beth , but she was asleep , curled up on her couch .
tr	I	All of the staff would have seen them , and they would have gone to the kitchen .
tr	I	I tried tapping out a message in binary machine code in his palm , and after booting up the machine he took my working hand .
tr	O	The window next to me was open a crack , but I couldn 't hear what they said .
tr	I	Before I could spot Milo 's face over the edge of the cradle , the sunset walls disappeared , but I dashed into the nursery .
tr	I	Before I can free it , one of the men charges me , but I reach for the sword strapped to my saddle .
tr	O	I paused , waiting for Dean to pick up where I had left off , but he didn 't .
tr	I	I smiled , relieved to hear it , and he snorted .
tr	O	Her face blanched and her eyes rounded .
tr	I	The thought of Lexa succeeding wasn 't in the plans , but he could tell she really wanted to find out everything she could .
tr	O	He had the girl from his dream next to him and she was a little different from all the people he knew .
tr	O	Her eyes were closed , and her breathing was funny .
tr	O	Asia tightened her grip on Rico 's head and she pulled down on the other side of the blouse .
tr	O	It won 't bother me to see it in your eyes , Thomas , and I would never ask you to hide .
tr	O	Then his hand clasps mine , and my shoulders sag with relief .
tr	O	The words were a plea , but she battled on .
tr	I	She 'd panicked , thinking he meant to rape her , and he 'd removed his shirt , revealing a body covered in violent tattoos .
tr	I	Whiskers considers this his home , but she left when she got married .
tr	I	It had never touched his skin , but she wished it smelled of him .
tr	I	He had talent , but he was common .
tr	O	He tried to hold his composure , but the painful memory became too much .
tr	I	I didn 't have the courage to say them , but there were so many things I wanted to say .
tr	I	I started to get letters from her but I don 't know if it is by Thomas 's efforts .
tr	I	That wasn 't the point , but which they were sometimes .
tr	I	There was no point in following a trail that cold , but it had got out that way .
tr	I	There it was , but I knew it was impossible .
tr	O	My phone had a camera but I 'd never learned to use it .
tr	I	Still the heat lingered , but she pulled her hand back quickly .
tr	O	Abby laughed , but she sounded tired .
tr	I	All eyes had moved to Della , and Conversation ceased .
tr	I	Blake had his hand tightly on her hip , but Jewell said as she squirmed to try to get away .
tr	O	Without Ryan around , Josh found another table , and Kim was too angry with Jared to tolerate him .
tr	I	They were getting deadly tired ; and the blink of red torches could be seen behind them in the tunnel they were following .
tr	I	I couldn 't exactly leave Colin 's sister hung out to dry , but we 'd obviously be late for the dinner .
tr	O	I 'm not glad that he slept with my mom , but our relationship wouldn 't have been fair to him in the long run .
tr	O	He waved away a small silver dragon that was sniffing at the Kite , and it took off vertically on a needle of blue flame .
tr	O	I wasn 't as grey as I had once been but I was now sporting a greenish tinge to my skin .
tr	I	There weren 't any tears , but Sam 's fingers brushed my cheek .
tr	O	I giggled and when he put me down he kissed me .
tr	I	He grinned at me and I giggled .
tr	I	Because he was shorthanded at the bar , he was running late , and he was supposed to pick her up at seven .
tr	O	An outside stone fireplace mirrored the interior , and wicker deck furniture faced the lake .
tr	O	The whole thing smells like trouble , and the stench soars when the treaty 's figured into it .
tr	I	When she refused to cry he slapped her again , harder and he slapped her face .
tr	I	Some of them were daydreaming , but there was interest in most of their eyes .
tr	O	Mrs. Williams flung her dishtowel at him , and Nelly gave a shriek .
tr	I	His depiction was perfect , but I couldn 't believe it .
tr	O	He 'd thought she was attractive enough for a quick fling , but she 'd barely spoken to him .
tr	I	We never quite feel rested enough , but we get enough sleep to function .
tr	O	I wouldn 't be seeing him , but he would be seeing me .
tr	O	Parrots rarely lived closed to humans and they live deep in the forest .
tr	O	At last the words made sense , and I translated my horrid dream .
tr	O	I think of the past six years , of staying hidden , of fearing for my life , and I set my jaw squarely .
tr	O	I knew this blow was about as low as they came , but I was desperate .
tr	O	An unwary girl allowed her attention snared , and we drew her to our table .
tr	O	His hands began to shake and his heart beat faster .
tr	O	His eyes followed her outstretched hand and he saw what was making her so excited .
tr	O	Henry crossed the hall toward me , and unlike James , he looked impeccable .
tr	I	There are no unexplained deaths for the whole time you 're gone and you leave town .
tr	I	It always stuck close to her , and it 'd wait for her to come outside .
tr	O	It was hard but she was proud for not hiding .
tr	I	She reached for it anyway , but it was surely cold then .
tr	O	She still had the document in hand , but her eyes were brightening up in excitement .
tr	O	He didn 't make a move for a while and she was growing antsy for his touch once more .
tr	I	David had to have been the bald man , and I guessed Brent was the man holding Lucy .
tr	O	I remembered his aqua eyes deep and searching , begging me to run .
tr	I	They didn 't seem to do anything but the ants wandered over to them occasionally .
tr	I	Barnes visibly wiped the sweat from her brow and he grunted in grim acceptance of the situation .
tr	I	She jumped into the car and I pressed the unlock button .
tr	I	They walked down to English and after History Dez met Azalea at the door .
tr	O	The armor is a kind of living organism and it feeds continually from us as we wear it , as it also strengthens us .
tr	I	The rides activated and all of a sudden all of the lights turned on .
tr	O	They fought against me , but my will was stronger .
tr	I	I strolled into the kitchen and I did not expect to be greeted by a wide-eyed Maggie as Claud .
tr	I	The act alone was enough to keep him interested , but Sam paid a small finder 's fee for each new client that Dennis brought in .
tr	I	There she was , but I couldn 't believe it at first .
tr	O	Her mother is here , but missing all at the same time .
tr	I	Vanilla ice cream flows onto my tongue , and it cracks .
tr	O	Honestly , I haven 't thought about it a whole lot , but that might be because I 've been so focused on Violet .
tr	I	Eli didn 't have any of the healing gel Aunt Cleo had shown him , and she was going to get hurt again .
tr	I	I couldn 't help it with Tony , but Jenny was always accusing me of being too trusting .
tr	I	Introductions were very informal and people were scattered everywhere .
tr	I	Her eyes lit up , but she looked surprised .
tr	I	Then the video screen received the transmission , scanning it from top to bottom , and there was a pause that seemed interminable .
tr	O	They were on the ground , but there was no recuperation time .
tr	I	The division of Robespierre was more metaphorical and the fighting city was described very carefully .
tr	I	I wanted to be home , and I felt an unknown pain in my stomach .
tr	I	No one seemed to be paying any attention , but the plump man was gesticulating angrily as he spoke .
tr	O	Maybe she was being stupid , but given Taylor 's actions she didn 't want to risk another dent to her ego tonight .
tr	O	Her lips twisted and a somber look passed her .
tr	I	I 'm afraid of the answer , but I want to ask him something very , very badly .
tr	O	The car behind surged forward and I don 't think any of us could believe it the first time that it nudged our bumper .
tr	O	He was courteous at least , and his smile wasn 't lascivious .
tr	O	I had no idea how long I watched her that day , but I knew I should stop .
tr	I	Elijah is moved by the relief that rises to his face , and Danny turns .
tr	I	I climbed out of the car and a few minutes later we pulled up to my house .
tr	I	He always opted for the fuller women , but some of the Doms only loved a slender woman .
tr	I	My fingers strike some sort of material -- pants and I reach for my leg ?
tr	I	The fire was warm on all their faces and the guys were all a few beers deep .
tr	I	A hurt expression flashed across her face , and he slid his hand away from hers .
tr	I	He fiddled with my fingers as though we were playing a lovers ' game and his fingers loosened .
tr	O	He was trying to tell me something important , and the only thing I could think about was my own irrational fear .
tr	I	The fence was whole before her , and there were no sparks now except for the echoes in her vision .
tr	O	Mike had let the conversations run their courses and nearly everyone had had something to contribute .
tr	O	She 'd been fooled before at the library and she wasn 't doing it again .
tr	O	He will not hurt you , but he will destroy everything in his path to achieve his goal .
tr	O	I smile , but the joke falls flat .
tr	O	Exhaustion raked down my body , and by now I was shivering violently .
tr	I	It was becoming much more difficult to think straight and her mouth was doing delicious things to his body .
tr	I	The wolf backed off , but she missed .
tr	I	The stallion raced off into the night and Simon let go of the rope as soon as the horse was free of the building .
tr	O	The light switched , and the massive crowd crossed the street .
tr	O	Stellan rose , and they all made a move toward the reception room .
tr	I	The exchange meant a lot to Callie , but it was a small concession , on both their parts .
tr	O	Mom spent most of that night hunched over a basin retching , and I spent most of it holding her hair back .
tr	I	The man was already climbing inside but Devlin opened his mouth to argue .
tr	I	He found it uncomfortable to walk and the touch of her hand against his led to a sudden rush of blood to his groin .
tr	O	The events of the night had kept her awake until nearly four in the morning and it was only seven now .
tr	I	I 'll lose Ellery forever or I have to stop this now .
tr	I	I 'd have to settle for seeing her tomorrow morning , but I didn 't want her to leave .
tr	O	She had agreed to his business proposition of taking over the clinic as a charitable entity , and she had given the hospital her notice .
tr	O	She couldn 't tell how badly he was hurt , but there was blood on his shirt .
tr	I	We 're both tired , and it 's late .
tr	I	A voice enquired who it was and a head peeped round the door .
tr	I	I promise things will look better when you 're not so tired and get some sleep .
tr	O	The men went for their guns but Rock responded .
tr	I	You are to follow my instructions to the letter and there will be no short cuts .
tr	I	Now we 're all better and our family got through it .
tr	O	I 'm trying , though , and I guess that 's a start .
tr	I	The full Miss Level , all twenty fingers working together , but this was not a lone Miss Level , a bit flustered .
tr	I	She swallowed , nodding slightly and her eyes flicked to mine .
tr	O	She was manipulating him and they both knew it .
tr	I	They were lacking the heavy artillery needed to win ; but on hostile land , beneath enemy soil they fought .
tr	I	I whipped my head toward the sound , straining in the dark until my eyes grew accustomed , and a throat cleared .
tr	I	I could see small black veins underneath his skin , and his face was drained of color .
tr	I	He 'd made sure to make friends with them but the other boys didn 't do that to him .
tr	O	My attention slid to him , and my mouth lifted with sincere appreciation .
tr	O	You might fool everyone else , Tony Carlton , but I 'm onto you .
tr	I	It was as if she were noticing his presence for the first time and her head jerked up .
tr	I	I knew it was necessary , but it was hard to do .
tr	O	I don 't know what 's happening , but I have to get away from him .
tr	I	We made our way to the viewing area and our disheveled group stumbled out of the bus .
tr	I	Emily went to claim us a table , and I ordered our drinks .
tr	O	He was doing it because his mom had risked everything to save him , and he owed her .
tr	I	His knuckles were white as he gripped the steering wheel , and Jared 's jaw was tight .
tr	O	An Asian girl , with a twinkle in her eyes , is sitting across from Joey , and a smile is playing about her lips .
tr	I	I watch as he swallows , and Isaiah slows down his chewing .
tr	I	She smirks and I laugh .
tr	I	They 'll kill me , or I have to go .
tr	O	The servant bowed , moved to the side , and the governor entered .
tr	I	Picking up the teapot , take it over to her , and I stand .
tr	O	The sails disappear below the horizon , and then finally even the last glimpse is lost to us .
tr	O	As he leans back into the headboard , I close my eyes , but sleep will not find me .
tr	O	Her divorce had devastated her , and since then she 'd thrown herself into her studies , forging ahead , insulating her heart .
tr	I	There was no doubt in Father Joseph 's quiet tone but it was an astonishing statement of faith .
tr	I	Dogs were not allowed to travel first class , but she had settled on taking a bus .
tr	O	He moved back so quickly that she found herself heading for his legs , but then she realized she had a chance to throw him off balance .
tr	O	She 'd already taken a shower , but humans enjoyed baths for more than cleaning themselves , yes ?
tr	O	She had already told me how , but I just can 't accept that .
tr	I	She leaned into me , and a smile split her face .
tr	I	It had been nice having the house to herself to work , but Liz had missed her while she was gone .
tr	I	He opened her door for her and they walked back to where Steve had parked his car .
tr	O	He was going to hate her and she couldn 't deal with that .
tr	I	I 'm not going to make any progress if your subconscious wants to stay connected with Gary 's and I 've retired .
tr	O	I had never changed with such bad wounds before and it had taken a lot out of me .
tr	O	I hadn 't noticed any stables at his property , but I also hadn 't exactly gotten a proper tour .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I knew my eyes were probably bulging out of my head .
tr	I	It seemed solid enough , but I thought about my idea for a moment .
tr	I	She did -- and he needed her to respond .
tr	O	It wasn 't too pleasant , but I sort of expected that .
tr	O	Her pupils got big and she looked at the face of the stranger .
tr	I	He was glad to finally be eating something and his stomach had been growling since he 'd woken .
tr	I	Then I remembered what my dad said about the German people , but I couldn 't imagine how a people could be so ignorant .
tr	O	I deliberately put him in danger , and that forced the Orb to take matters into its own hands .
tr	I	That didn 't surprise him , but he didn 't recognize her .
tr	O	We were in love and now it 's gone .
tr	O	He believes he has three score to prepare for the battle , but I have used his own device against him .
tr	O	It snapped on the large , flat rock beneath it and he felt a warm rush of blood on his skin .
tr	O	Our little alcove served its purpose , but the sun is beating down on us .
tr	I	The warmth coursing through her felt so good she didn 't care but it occurred to her she was playing with fire .
tr	I	Nothing happened , but they waited .
tr	O	We were all dressed severely in black , and we looked displaced among the House 's holiday decorations .
tr	O	I couldn 't see it , but I felt it with my hand .
tr	I	She wanted it to slow down , and this was all happening so fast .
tr	O	He had lost too much time already , and his patience was beginning to wear thin .
tr	I	She felt she could depend on his judgment , but it was perhaps silly .
tr	I	Something told me it had to with the food , but I didn 't understand what he was talking about .
tr	I	They reentered the silver river of traffic and Flo returned , got into the van .
tr	O	They had no visible weapons , but I would have been surprised if they didn 't have guns beneath their jackets .
tr	O	The sun was up , and he could see an unbroken expanse of blue sky .
tr	O	Noah grinned and Zane gave him the eye .
tr	O	I shivered , and Christian wrapped an arm around my waist .
tr	I	Zoe handed me back the ring and they all sat down .
tr	I	Now she was back into the harsh reality of her life , but the water had managed to soothe her for a brief moment .
tr	O	His eyelids slowly lifted and he shook his head .
tr	O	I know there 's so much work to be done , but I need some time in the garden .
tr	O	He also told him that the man they were meeting was none too happy about being detained , and Anderson certainly understood .
tr	I	He was smiling also , but Robert said .
tr	I	It 's impossible to break out , and there is no way to break in .
tr	O	Several tendrils of mist twined around her fingers , but he knew she also encountered a solid wall .
tr	O	She tried to enter the marketplace but we stood strong against her .
tr	O	My mother speaks up again , but her voice is softer now .
tr	I	I look at her in surprise , wondering at her actions and Kylie walks up to him .
tr	I	The rest retired to the living room and some stayed at the table .
tr	I	My legs parted to cradle his hips against mine and he slowly moved to rest on top of me .
tr	I	She rings it up , and I give her our order .
tr	I	The light in his hands went out momentarily and Bane 's head landed hard on the ground .
tr	I	I pull my knees to my chest , incredibly content , and smiling , he returns to his position at the grill .
tr	I	Xander beats me , but I start to say no .
tr	O	It seemed a little excessive to him at first , but he was realising how much he was enjoying it .
tr	I	I certainly wasn 't getting naked for everyone to see , but the other Reboots were around the corner , out of sight .
tr	I	I shuddered away from the sound , and another growl rumbled in its throat .
tr	O	I 'm not sure what kind of face I make , but he definitely notes a shift as I move to the edge of the bed .
tr	O	There were probably still a few people hanging around at the reception but he had decided to duck out early .
tr	I	He took a moment to savor the love her eyes radiated toward him and she leaned back .
tr	I	I think you will be very surprised , and well , I have a little something I want to show you .
tr	O	The message was a hang-up and Collin did not recognize the phone number the message came from .
tr	O	Grandview was controlling the game , but the goals weren 't coming .
tr	O	I 'd taken a seat on a tree stump to tell my story , but now I jumped to my feet .
tr	I	Nothing in the diner had changed , but it seemed like a year ago .
tr	I	It was replaced by a screechy , menacing tone and Gone was the sweet , singsong voice .
tr	I	The dead man was indeed without a holster strapped around his middle but Seth hadn 't noticed at first .
tr	I	Edward most likely couldn 't get the time off work , and her three kids kept her busy .
tr	I	No one stopped to look at her , but people were dancing in every inch of space .
tr	O	A black Riley was approaching , a Continental , but there was only one person visible .
tr	I	Outside , I grab her hand , and I lead Tam into the hallway .
tr	I	He appreciated everything she did , but she noticed he didn 't like to ask for things .
tr	I	Lex turned her down a hall , and they raced wearily into the dungeons .
tr	O	I handed it over , and she locked herself in the bathroom .
tr	O	Anansi was a spider , when the world was young , and all the stories were being told for the first time .
tr	O	The Upper Level demon raised his arm ... and the snake tattoo lifted off his skin , breaking apart into a million black dots .
tr	I	She looks only at Marcus , but I stiffen , afraid for a moment that she will see me .
tr	O	Jackson had the cab drop him off at the diner and he made his way back to the motel .
tr	I	The words were trapped in his heart , but he attempted to explain .
tr	O	Even his Errol Flynn ' stache barely showed and his goatee was groomed as clean as an early ski run .
tr	I	She seemed to have taken an increasing liking to them , but he could remember a time when Vin had looked frighteningly awkward in a dress .
tr	O	My fingertips squeezed his arms tightly , and his fingers reached up to mine .
tr	O	The firebombing campaigns had done a good job in smaller outbreak areas , burning everything down to the ground , but this was large scale .
tr	O	I was Alice and I looked eagerly through the looking glass .
tr	O	My younger daughter was the most beautiful baby I 've ever seen - and that 's not just fatherly pride .
tr	I	In this case , he 'd had to follow Paige 's lead , but normally , he would have planned their date from beginning to end .
tr	O	As he finished explaining what had happened , the doctor showed up and we went into a major conference .
tr	I	He was already getting to his feet , and Polo Shirt was only about twelve feet back .
tr	I	Then I stopped , and I glanced to the side automatically .
tr	I	I stopped outside of my door and we headed back toward the rooms .
tr	I	I can see that his heart isn 't in his words , but he nods .
tr	I	Everything was washed with periwinkle and it was twilight .
tr	I	Bud had been downright pissed about it , and this time it was the transmission .
tr	I	There was one game remaining , and Rick was a football player , though .
tr	O	I quickly changed into jeans , and although rather tattered , Jason 's favorite band tee shirt .
tr	O	I watched her date other men , but I knew it wasn 't serious .
tr	I	He found himself looking straight down through an ocean of air at the tiny tops of the trees , and the sidecar lurched .
tr	O	We 've lost so many ... but Beta Team 's doing its best to heal the wounded .
tr	O	I knew that it would take me awhile to build up a full wardrobe , but for now I needed to get the basics .
tr	O	There were about five different silver covered dishes but the most overwhelming scent was the coffee .
tr	I	He didn 't know what to do about Elizabeth , but he was mad with desire for Sarah .
tr	I	For some reason Aiden decided to pay us a visit and it was one of those cold nights at our camp .
tr	O	After a few minutes Joshua stopped laughing and it then became real serious for him .
tr	I	Surely she would come up soon and he figured he would wait for her .
tr	O	I took a huge slurp , and the end of the paper umbrella went up my nose .
tr	I	Reality blurred once more , and then he kissed me , moving faster .
tr	I	He 's keeping pace with me easily but Dham 's voice sounds a little breathless .
tr	O	Lissa sent along my travel info , and I took a taxi over to the airport .
tr	O	Once again The Program has won , and we 're about to lose everything .
tr	O	Sky wasn 't sure what they led , but they had to be important .
tr	I	Her determined look takes over , and she meets my stunned gaze .
tr	I	She gave him a small smile and her face softened .
tr	O	I want to call out to him , but my voice is caught in my throat .
tr	I	It is certainly the first time she 's been caught , but this wasn 't her first unauthorized trip to The Dry .
tr	O	I don 't like it but I have to accept that we must be even-handed .
tr	I	He had about five pairs of eyes , and his body was covered in an armor shell .
tr	I	Charlie didn 't think Kate was impressed , but the bedrooms were larger than their own .
tr	O	She 's wearing her crazy ensemble but I love it .
tr	I	It was trimmed down neatly but he has a gray beard .
tr	O	She was different from any other woman he 'd ever known , and he wanted her to stay in the category of his friend .
tr	I	No one answered , and I knocked on the door .
tr	O	She screamed and twisting around kicked him below his left knee .
tr	I	One single word could not be that important , and no matter what the word under the blot might be , it was still only one word .
tr	O	The blood rushes from my body and I can 't stop shaking .
tr	O	She wanted to sit on the hood as she waited , but Day had said she would be an easy target for snipers .
tr	I	I couldn 't smile back , but Matt smiled at me between bites .
tr	I	It didn 't really bother me , but it was freezing , of course .
tr	I	They didn 't know about Perry 's battered condition , but not the gentlest welcoming .
tr	O	Devon would have found that amusing , but he was beginning to realize there was no amusement in this situation .
tr	I	One tonight , and he knew that two had died already - one a week ago .
tr	O	Her eyebrows lowered and the eyes narrowed .
tr	I	The government putting them through school and it 's going to be me .
tr	O	Her mind whirled with the possibility and she didn 't immediately realize Carolyn was speaking .
tr	I	She didn 't but she wanted to look away .
tr	I	I heard a wildcat on the nearby hill whaling aloud , and Almost got stung .
tr	I	We start again and the cube unfolds more arms .
tr	O	Marika started to explain , but Jake cut her off .
tr	O	Sunday is the day I usually cook ahead , and my little freezer was almost empty .
tr	I	I hear him groan softly , and his fingers tangle in my hair .
tr	I	The pressure felt right , but his head felt heavy .
tr	I	We headed to the front counter , and I held the shop door open for her .
tr	O	He was Challenged daily and he met every Challenge .
tr	O	She was young and Haruki batted his eyelashes at her .
tr	O	Josephine had never seen his muscular legs before and they were something to behold .
tr	I	She glanced at him , and Quinlan opened the door .
tr	I	His movements weren 't as jerky , and his color looked better .
tr	I	It was just the two of us and it was as if the entire room disappeared .
tr	I	A sob escaped instead , but she wanted to laugh .
tr	O	My legs are trembling but that doesn 't stop my run out of the bathroom .
tr	O	Jacob took a step forward , then looked back at me , and a low whine rose in his throat .
tr	I	They knew it , and I was in big trouble for bringing a stranger here .
tr	O	I should be dead right now , but the general saved me .
tr	O	She looked from Cain to me and a sad smile touched her lips .
tr	I	My high spirits return and I am much relieved .
tr	I	We must continue on , but we cannot pretend otherwise .
tr	O	He 'd track her down , and he 'd do it today .
tr	I	She had never expected this kind of vitriol , but coming into this , she had known that the boys wouldn 't like it .
tr	I	I tried , but sitting still was not my forte .
tr	O	She was married and she had problems .
tr	I	It was impossible , but I tried to shake my head .
tr	I	They may not like it , and he 'll tell my parents .
tr	O	Then another shot rang out , and he saw Webster fall .
tr	O	Building up the sol , I send it into the blue flames , and the mixture creates a hole just big enough for me to fit .
tr	I	I wait until he 's up over the ridge , and Wes walks me back to Austen House .
tr	I	He thought they might have trembled a bit , but it was too dark to tell for sure .
tr	I	A huge part of me needs a way to fix him but I don 't have a clue as to what I will find .
tr	I	It didn 't work , but I tried to smile at her .
tr	I	I instantly thought that maybe I had been shot and the sudden pinch on my butt cheek forced out a small yelp .
tr	O	We came to the small door and Historia opened it .
tr	I	Then the cord snapped inside me , and there was a pause .
tr	O	She reached out to where Williams hands rested on whatever it was he had his hands on and they passed right through the air .
tr	O	He received excellent , immediate care , and that counts for a lot .
tr	I	I knew Toby never had much cash , but it wasn 't something we talked about .
tr	O	My eyes finally close and I feel as if I 'm floating downstream in a river .
tr	O	At any other time I might have felt full of myself , but this wasn 't any other time .
tr	O	The heat from him almost gives my body what it needs to take over again , and he brushes his lips against mine .
tr	O	It will be a difficult one but she 'll at least be alive .
tr	O	The hotel staff was in love with her and he couldn 't even walk into his own damned home without catching her scent .
tr	I	She started muttering under her breath , and Daphne 's fingers picked up speed .
tr	O	It was a common style for some Terran women , but she complimented it better than any woman he had ever seen .
tr	O	He did it , though and I had to watch it .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to flinch in his presence like everyone else , but he might not approve of her .
tr	O	Ray Kenwood is dead and he ties to the computer stolen from my house .
tr	I	Nothing takes shape , but all the right elements .
tr	I	That one makes me ache , and then there 's always the other alternative .
tr	O	The smile fell from my face and I just felt kind of stupid .
tr	O	March pulls me across his lap , and we tangle in the blanket Constance wrapped around us .
tr	O	The first officer looked on in dumb shock as his jacket opened and a hand gun slipped out of his pocket of its own accord .
tr	O	He lifts his hand in a wave as James peels out of the parking lot , and I know The Program can 't be far behind .
tr	O	He spoke to Charlotte , but his admiring gaze never left Beth 's flushed face .
tr	O	The baby weight was quickly dropping off , and she still had her looks .
tr	O	Rick locked eyes with him and Adam was sure that he saw relief on his face .
tr	O	The truth sounded impossible , but it was just out of this world .
tr	I	Now he was kind of stuck there , and during his brief absence Kellan had slipped in .
tr	I	I hoped there was no moon , and nothing stirred in the coming twilight .
tr	I	Ava snatched it before it flew down the hall and MiMi zipped past her head .
tr	I	He just listens , and dane tells Monti the entire story .
tr	I	Once again , she was right , and my grandmother always told me women could do whatever they had to do .
tr	I	Most of them will be taped , but some stories you 'll cover live .
tr	I	Love would have been a better approach and forgiveness would have been a better start .
tr	O	He was what he was and she loved him for that .
tr	O	Thorn 's mouth went dry and her heart began to pound .
tr	O	Her heels hit the ground , and she opened her eyes to see Jason 's knife slash open the creature 's throat .
tr	I	I nodded dejectedly , and she leaned back .
tr	I	Dak made a great point , but Sera did feel a little guilty .
tr	I	He was actually looking forward to talking with Golden but he was playing it cool .
tr	I	She could get to it in a split second if he made any sudden moves , but her gun was still in its holster at her waist .
tr	O	She did not know him , but she knew few of them .
tr	I	I needed to find out what was going on in those rusted gears of his thoughts , but I hated to do it .
tr	I	We can finally go home and maybe this whole thing will be over in an hour .
tr	O	His laughter froze every muscle in her body , and suddenly she didn 't have enough feeling in her hands to grip the wood .
tr	O	This thought visibly struck him , and his head came up with sudden enthusiasm .
tr	I	He followed her up the red brick path to the porch and Vicki opened the gate .
tr	I	He was letting me know , and we were bound together now .
tr	O	I hadn 't known why at the time , but I 'm someone who always listens to her first instincts .
tr	O	My weekend was perfect , and my life seemed flawless .
tr	I	Declan continued to hold her firmly , but they stopped moving .
tr	I	His muscles weren 't yet working at that hour of the morning , but Ben tried a smile .
tr	O	Mrs. Smith glanced at where her dog disappeared , and when she looked back at me , her eyes appeared watery .
tr	I	His welcome reflected this and she knew it had been several months since he had been home .
tr	I	It 's functional but it 's not pretty .
tr	I	We marveled that we knew no one , and it was not possible to recognize the true person behind the mask , at all .
tr	O	Gale asked to be dropped off in 12 with me , but he didn 't force the issue when I refused his company .
tr	I	His words had begun to slur , and Richard had begun to repeat himself .
tr	O	Jenna was her best friend and she knew what Jenna thought .
tr	O	The other Ramon had climbed the tree to survey the land , and the branch supporting him had snapped .
tr	O	I needed some coffee and I knew Mase would , too .
tr	I	He was a good boy , really , but I know he was a bad child .
tr	I	She didn 't , but Sierra wished she had the courage to take her friend up on her offer .
tr	O	She was talking about movies and he 'd just experienced the biggest crisis in his life .
tr	O	His gaze swept me , but it was more clinical than interested .
tr	I	The man started piling it into a container and I gestured to the steak on the grill .
tr	I	He asked Javelin the same question and Errand happened to be there .
tr	O	They never agreed on anything and lately it was even worse .
tr	I	I knew there had to be something they missed , but I wasn 't sure what I was looking for .
tr	O	We need to evacuate him by air or he is not going to make it .
tr	O	I licked slime off rocks and I cried into the dark .
tr	I	She hadn 't realized how much more deserted that would make the streets , but she knew cleaning had taken her longer than normal .
tr	I	She brings with her a rich history , and Antonietta is a delightful , courageous woman .
tr	O	The blood drained from Cat 's cheeks , and the room closed in around us .
tr	I	She had to hold back a shiver and they drowned her in darkness .
tr	I	The stairwell door slammed shut , but Painter halted , glanced behind him .
tr	O	Lina heard his wife begin to shout , and a few others came running to help .
tr	I	It should have never happened and I reacted emotionally .
tr	O	He didn 't see the red sparks , but he had a feeling he would soon .
tr	O	Victoria had come for him , but she wasn 't the same .
tr	I	The canoe was too stable to be bothered but it nudged one of the outriggers .
tr	O	This is all moving so fast , and yet Meredith 's words resonate with me .
tr	I	I would hate to go back to the way we used to be and we have had a pleasant visit so far .
tr	O	He palmed the middle of her back , but other than that made no move closer .
tr	I	I 'm in no mood for any of this and I ain 't slept in the last 35 hours .
tr	O	She swiveled on the bar stool as he approached and Jackson took that moment to size her up completely .
tr	O	Louie started to stand and Penny looked defeated .
tr	O	She sounded confident in her answer , and yet a shadow passed over her face .
tr	O	Such insolence would be normally be punishable by field execution , and as patrol leader I had the authority to do it .
tr	I	He whistled , and he dropped to a low branch .
tr	I	We will strike down the old man , and in minutes they will storm the castle .
tr	I	I looked at Gem , and my radio crackled .
tr	I	Its eyes remained shut , but one of its whiskers twitched a little as Weston shouted in its face .
tr	I	This time he did , just to be certain , but Bart never felt the need to pinch himself before .
tr	O	She was fast but I was faster .
tr	I	Now there was no turning back and Ava said the words before thinking them through .
tr	I	I could see Emily looking at me , all the way from the A 's , but I tried not to catch her eye .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to say something , but he shushed me .
tr	O	It all depended on the final victor , but neither species was known for showing mercy .
tr	I	It slipped out anyway , but I wasn 't going to ask him .
tr	O	His company could wear thin quickly , but his knowledge was worth the ire .
tr	O	The air tasted slightly of minerals , like the hot springs in the Calderon Valley , but she had no particular difficulty .
tr	I	That just made it worse -- a whole world of possibilities expanded like a virus in my mind , but I didn 't think so .
tr	O	The pink curtains were stitched with white flowers , and they billowed against an open window .
tr	I	Neil is at baseball practice and I 'm off to work .
tr	I	He was also embarrassed , but Norman was still angry .
tr	I	It just wasn 't my first priority , but if there was money out there for me somewhere , I would love that .
tr	O	In her heart she knew it hadn 't been Jake 's idea , but she 'd assumed her father was the one responsible .
tr	O	They helped us with our problem , and we can help them .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure if what I was feeling was love , but I 'd never felt this way before .
tr	I	She had to maintain a distance and the man was dangerous ground .
tr	O	Pete 's laugh was awkward despite his fine features , and Julie was glad that Kim gravitated to his friend .
tr	I	A pang of fear gripped Emma , and Laurel was staring menacingly at Emma .
tr	I	Evidently we were mistaken , but we thought we saw a car chase developing .
tr	I	The hatred she has for you is personal , but I don 't know exactly what 's going on .
tr	I	She tossed a glance over her shoulder , and the washing machine went into the spin cycle behind her .
tr	O	At first it was faint , but then the sound grew .
tr	I	Dare didn 't want to make her regret it and she 'd trusted him with what was going on in her life .
tr	O	My legs were weak , and they wobbled underneath me .
tr	I	His shirt was a fine cotton Ferragamo and his tie was a silk Hermes .
tr	O	Lena told them about the gate , and they quietly packed their things into Josh 's backpack .
tr	O	You will eat and you shall eat now .
tr	I	If you 're really honest with yourself , you 've felt it , but we all pretend to be so much better than we are .
tr	O	He might not have any answers , but at least she could personally tell him she wanted a library card to the FRU 's source of books .
tr	I	She said nothing , but her jaw moved a few times .
tr	O	He spoke into an intercom and the gates swung open .
tr	I	She squelched the thought , but she wondered whether Isabella had spread the news that Louisa wanted to marry .
tr	I	No , it was just another white plastic room , but I guess I was hoping it would be outdoors .
tr	I	I had blown it , and I had been given the gift of a chance .
tr	O	A wave of weariness swamped him , and he braced himself on the table .
tr	O	More than anything , he loathed that she thought him a slaver , but he saw no other way around the issue .
tr	I	Knowing Benji , he probably took a toothbrush to them every night , but they could have been brand-new .
tr	O	She moved onto the note next and that smile turned into a frown .
tr	I	The both of them left and I gave Daniel a hug .
tr	I	He was still my father , but obviously he 'd chosen not to love me .
tr	O	She 'd sworn him to secrecy , but of course Dale would never tell .
tr	I	She sensed his awkward position , and he looked at her .
tr	O	A bikini bared too much of her body and she did not want Hal to notice anything different about her .
tr	O	His voice was only a whisper but there was no mistaking the firmness in it .
tr	I	She respected rules , and she respected laws .
tr	O	That was either wishful thinking or he had topped the dome .
tr	I	Both only require one of us , but both might be long shots .
tr	I	I blinked several times , making sure I wasn 't just paranoid and my feet faltered .
tr	O	I heard his words , but I didn 't understand them .
tr	I	I tried to pull away , and his grab on me hurt .
tr	I	Pooling shadows of a haunted house and there was all the eerie silence .
tr	O	I 'm opening a new window but it will take a few minutes .
tr	O	Kendra raised her head to peek over the shrub , but Seth pulled her down .
tr	I	She smiled for a second , but Michelle couldn 't help it .
tr	O	I hated to rely on him so much , but it couldn 't be helped .
tr	I	Its curly tail was wagging and its little hooves were powering through the mud .
tr	O	Eunice might not believe that yet , but she would eventually .
tr	O	It 's a terrible thing , but that 's purely physical pain .
tr	I	Kennedy suspected he was hoping to impress Grace , but he claimed he wanted to catch a few more rays .
tr	O	Sebastian didn 't push her to further confessions and she was pleased about it .
tr	I	She bit down hard on her lip and he thrust his fingers inside her again .
tr	O	The Captain gave him leave as well , but he was escorted by the old Navigator .
tr	O	The instructor asked one of the other students to bring her motorcycle over to the truck and he helped Darcy .
tr	O	Shotgun rolled his eyes , and Clay bit his lip .
tr	I	The Order would make restitution to her family , and if she 'd been mistakenly labeled half-dead , then the wound would certainly kill her .
tr	I	The conversation was riveting , but it was getting late .
tr	I	I can 't help feeling that way , but I shouldn 't feel embarrassed by the times when I 've been vulnerable .
tr	O	They 're terribly homesick but they would never go back .
tr	I	She threw them at Serenity and a bundle of clothes was tucked under her arm .
tr	I	Usually in dreams you don 't , but I should have instinctually known that .
tr	I	She would not allow him to suffer because she was a coward , but her heart was pounding like crazy .
tr	I	You walk to the refrigerator and a child needs a drink .
tr	O	I am all these things , and I am nothing at all .
tr	O	He deposited her on the sand and she ran over to inspect it .
tr	O	The ducts kept the air as fresh as possible , but there remained a musky odor in the air , set in from the passage of time .
tr	I	It had hundreds of little feet , and it looked rather like a table wearing an evening dress .
tr	O	Her throat moved as she swallowed , and grief pinched her lovely features .
tr	I	I figured I could control my curiosity just this once , but at every door we passed .
tr	O	Amy turned from Laura to Charlie , but Charlie was shaking her head as well .
tr	I	Gradually it slides out of his shoulder and I pull a bit more .
tr	I	You pray after me and I 'll pray first .
tr	I	No sound came out , but Ian opened his mouth .
tr	I	She wanted more , a lot more , and she hadn 't been kissed in years , not in years .
tr	O	She protested once more but he cut her off .
tr	O	The upper car descended past us on the way down and it truly was a unique experience riding this thing .
tr	O	Klaus growled low and I saw a muscle jerk in his jaw .
tr	O	The three of us ate in silence , except for the rattle of our dishes and polite mutters to ask someone to please pass the bacon .
tr	I	Her half sister was still a bit of an enigma , but she was friends with Rose .
tr	I	Something twitched inside me , and I glared at her .
tr	I	We weren 't taking chances but we should be pretty safe here .
tr	O	I noticed Dylan was standing very close to Mina , and he seemed to be poking her with his elbow .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop from tearing up , but it 's not cool for a guy .
tr	I	Please don 't mess with my legs , but oh , yes , Lord , give me stumps for hands .
tr	O	It 's good to be here again , but the sun hurts my skin .
tr	O	Michael had done a lot of stuff inside the Sleep , but what lay below him looked worse than any of it .
tr	I	I used it when I shut the door of 507 behind us , and I had a napkin in my hand .
tr	I	At times it still bothered her but she 'd come to accept it .
tr	O	He assures me but I know it 's only to placate me .
tr	O	My eyes began to glaze over again and I could feel my mind becoming cloudy .
tr	I	If this was what he 'd come here for , I could listen , but the question felt like sandpaper in my mouth .
tr	O	He could barely hear his voice as a whisper but it did not stop the men from doing their work .
tr	O	Everyone is complaining these days about the violence , and you know how violent times always upset trading .
tr	O	My dad introduced Diana to Joel and they hit it off right away .
tr	I	The roar mounted around the ship as each engine came to life , and a gloved finger flicked the switches , one at a time .
tr	I	It took me half a second to realize it was a gunshot , and a loud noise cracked through the air .
tr	I	I find it hard to be intimidated by her , but a lot of people find my grandmother intimidating .
tr	I	Neil silently blessed the one who had suggested it , and their play involved much argument .
tr	O	snarled the man , and I flinched before I realized that he was talking to the wolf .
tr	O	Thank goodness , I could eat normal food or I would have been in real trouble .
tr	O	I woke to deep blue eyes worriedly looking into my groggy green ones , and realized someone was shaking me .
tr	I	I shifted my h * ps until I felt her wet entrance teasing my tip , and my hands covered her hands .
tr	O	Stalker called out to me , but his voice got softer , the farther we moved away .
tr	I	The boat came to a full stop , throwing me further into the person and they yelled .
tr	I	He gaped at Maureen and Robert 's eyes widened .
tr	I	Tried not to fidget and * * * Jo stood at the counter in the school 's office .
tr	O	Mack gives me his hand , and I take it , standing .
tr	O	Her back is curved and she 's leaning heavily on her elbows .
tr	I	His gestures became more emphatic , and Toth shook his head again .
tr	O	She chose an arm chair and he sat in the other .
tr	O	He never met his birth parents , and he was running away from the one who raised him .
tr	I	At least Rock will be jealous , and if he 's Lucifer , maybe I 'll find out .
tr	O	He 'd been her neighbor for the past two months and she 'd checked him out from day one .
tr	O	Fiji was safe , and Olivia knew it .
tr	I	Gone the next and married one day .
tr	I	His heart rammed hard in his chest and his mouth went dry .
tr	I	The moving images had stopped , but the walls were glowing again .
tr	I	He 'd always been unflappable , and she 'd known him for centuries .
tr	O	He was about to speak , but Cindy beat him to it .
tr	O	Ray plugs it in and it takes ten seconds for the phone to come alive .
tr	O	The one who sired you will return soon , but he still has far to go .
tr	I	She wondered why she wasn 't more afraid , and she also knew , somehow , that they wouldn 't stop until they found her .
tr	I	I ducked in under his arm , following Emily , and he held the door open for me .
tr	I	He didn 't want to get into that with her , so he tried to move past her , but he 'd been shot .
tr	O	He took the money and it disappeared in his pocket .
tr	O	I didn 't know for sure if they were referring to Jill , but it was promising , as was the laptop 's existence .
tr	O	He 's not wearing a shirt and his thin chest is tinted red from the sun .
tr	O	Beth 's voice intruded on Charlotte 's thoughts and she opened one eye .
tr	O	I 've been here once before and that was 40 years ago .
tr	I	She refused to kiss him in front of everyone but Matt left first after Alissa gave him a hug .
tr	O	Words failed her but emotion didn 't .
tr	O	Most of the winter snow had melted , and there were even leaves on some of the trees .
tr	I	He kept a grip on it with iron control but his good mood was vanishing fast .
tr	I	I would have lost myself instead or I loved you so much it was as if I had to think about losing you .
tr	O	He was comical and he was angry .
tr	I	Lori stayed home with her parents and Lanny went on to college .
tr	O	Ali will be here in a second and it 's over .
tr	O	My mind had gone blank and I tried desperately to switch it back on .
tr	I	The storefronts were marked with faded graffiti , and the asphalt was cracked beneath their feet .
tr	I	Man did he go all serious on that one , ending it with a growl , and he sneered .
tr	O	That she saw something special in me made no sense at all , but I was bright enough to seize the opportunity .
tr	O	These were made of wood and some had three to four levels with articulate designs painted on .
tr	I	That what flickered over its hot surface was the shadows of clouds , and looking at the waste of rock , I first thought it empty .
tr	I	He looked at me in concern , and I cried out when it hurt slightly .
tr	I	I wasn 't , but I could have been hurt .
tr	O	I haven 't touched him since I came in the room , but I still want to .
tr	O	She paused and her face brightened .
tr	O	Skylar wants to turn Kade into the next supermodel and he only goes along with the craziness because he needs money for something very important .
tr	I	His feet dangled over his coffee table , and he stretched out over the couch in his pajamas with his logo embroidered on the front .
tr	I	I was otherwise speechless , but it was the best I could come up with .
tr	O	She couldn 't be converted without a true blood exchange , but that didn 't mean she wouldn 't feel the effects .
tr	O	Several hands that had been up went down , and their owners quickly gravitated to the smaller group that had begun to form by the front doors .
tr	I	She hurled it across the run , and both dogs stood at attention .
tr	I	She loved the feel of him against her , but he was heavy .
tr	O	I watched them dance and they took my virginity .
tr	O	I see the nature of the operation , and how it interfaces between functions .
tr	O	They jumped at him , but he was too high .
tr	O	For his part Matthew repaid her by never accepting any female offer that was thrown his way , and there were a few .
tr	O	Someone rapped on her window , and she jumped in surprise .
tr	I	Irises glowed yellow and pupils stretched vertically .
tr	O	The study takes time though , time that he does not have , and there 's no guarantee that we will identify the poison .
tr	O	He held out his left hand and it held steady .
tr	I	That horror was slow to drain from my veins , and my heart was still pumping fast with residual terror .
tr	O	People watch me all the time , and I give painting demonstrations as well .
tr	O	I grab a fresh one , and this time I pay very close attention .
tr	I	She feels the same way about me , and I love your sister .
tr	I	No one ever goes in there and he 's placed in the study .
tr	O	I jumped in spite of myself , and my blood ran cold , as my question was met with a shocking , downright unbelievable answer .
tr	I	She slung her arm around my shoulder , and Daphne noticed the worry on my face .
tr	O	Ava was her own biggest critic , but hearing her story , he understood .
tr	O	Her body shook with sobs and he stroked her back , whispering soft words in her ear while the fighting continued around them .
tr	O	The Dark Army could travel the Gate , but only the Oneness could power a pod .
tr	I	I shrug it off , but the lady complains about today 's youth .
tr	I	He had better get moving and he was on his own .
tr	I	I caught sight of my clock and I turned over onto my side .
tr	I	We talked about our impressions so far and we 'd both been working our way through the same book .
tr	O	Three pairs of eyes widened , and Asher snatched up the tablet .
tr	O	The slam rang through the air and I caught the attention of Jake Sotheby .
tr	O	Robin took the weight of the bag and I saw his eyes widen the slightest amount .
tr	I	Alas it hadn 't , but that should have raised the red flags for him .
tr	I	She understood that and he was wary .
tr	I	I was so frustrated right now , but I felt a little bad for being rude .
tr	I	I want you to hide and she 'll be here soon .
tr	I	He shot a look -- of triumph , contempt , and she flinched ?
tr	I	Then I realize what it is I 'm looking at , but at first the face is all I see .
tr	I	She felt his touch like a brand , yet his mouth nuzzled her neck , a whisper really .
tr	O	I wanted to snap at Mickey for being a perv , but I needed to be diplomatic .
tr	O	Someone had gone through the trouble to restore its original beauty and it was beautiful .
tr	I	I know she 's right , but I hate it .
tr	I	He considered the offer of a cat a poor substitute , and his heart was set on getting a dog right away .
tr	O	The view was one Jocelyn had seen before , and she realized with a jolt why the room she was in had seemed familiar .
tr	I	There was nothing unfriendly about it , but it was a tired sort of grin .
tr	O	Her more primitive instincts had been summoned by the threat to her life and they were screaming at her to get as close to David as possible .
tr	O	Lina was positive others heard it too but they didn 't acknowledge it .
tr	I	His smile widened and Victor 's face grew a sarcastic shade of surprised .
tr	O	I 'd already made two hundred dollars and that was mostly from the lunch crowd .
tr	I	He looks like he 's still trying to make some conversation with him , and as Berra crouches down he waves his hand at Williams .
tr	I	His hot seed spilled deep inside me , filling me with a new sensation , and Jett 's groan joined my cry .
tr	I	It had only been a matter of time before exhaustion won out over her stubborn nature , but Chapter 15 Arianna was finally asleep .
tr	O	He probably didn 't want her input on the situation , but still , she was glad he was finally opening up a little .
tr	I	His hand was steady , but his shoulders were shaking .
tr	O	He wouldn 't get on with the old ways , but in this new Army he could go far .
tr	O	He didn 't say it , but he didn 't have to .
tr	I	The old demon was too stubborn to listen , but he had tried to warn Riyad .
tr	I	Maybe that was just her imagination working overtime , but he almost looked pleased .
tr	I	For just a second I forgot about the nagging itchy feeling , and the water was cool going down .
tr	I	He had found two girls he liked in different cities and he traveled a lot for his business .
tr	O	It wasn 't long ago , but it still makes me feel like I 'm going on a first date all over again .
tr	I	A large animal came into view , and there was an odd rustling sound .
tr	I	Another side of me wanted to punch him in the face , but in a way , I was glad she had somebody to keep her occupied .
tr	I	I 'll help you fill out a new application and now come with me .
tr	I	It will take a while but we 're running a program against the variables .
tr	I	He caught a glimpse of death and the head turned toward him slowly .
tr	I	She wanted some answers and she wanted a target .
tr	O	He was still broke , and he needed something to take the edge off the real world , which had been sucking pretty hard at that time .
tr	O	She blushed and her hand went up to her lips as her mind began to wander .
tr	O	Everyone else 's , yes , but not Henry 's .
tr	O	I am in a lot of pain but I know it 's going to pass .
tr	I	My call goes unanswered , but I yell out my sister 's name .
tr	I	I 'd acquiesce as far as necessary to get my job done , whatever that might be , and he was my boss .
tr	I	The footage is too blurry , but I try to pick out a face , anything I recognize .
tr	I	Beyond that , she didn 't know much about him , but he wasn 't the caricature ladies ' man she 'd allowed herself to believe .
tr	I	A lot of her music is inspired by specific scenes from the games she plays and she 's a gamer .
tr	O	She leaped back , but Nadia pronounced its sentence .
tr	I	Officer Boden peeked his head in , and the door opened .
tr	I	He looked at her with deep sorrow in his eyes and she covered his hand as he picked up the cards .
tr	O	In the flickering romance of candlelight we dined excellently ; but it wasn 't why I 'd come to Cumbria .
tr	O	Clearly more was going on here , and only the second generation was in the dark .
tr	I	I felt like a dirty old woman , and Will was so young .
tr	I	He couldn 't get the words past his barriers , but he knew he should say something about them dating .
tr	O	I thought I heard Hunter still talking , but I walked back to my bus .
tr	O	He knows it 's a gift , and he pushes it to the limit .
tr	O	When his memories of them were clear , he remembered every detail and he had learned a great deal about their species .
tr	O	We went airborne over the speed bump downtown , but this time I didn 't think to wake the dead with my Dukes of Hazzard yell .
tr	O	Flynn gets up , but I remain huddled on the ground , unable to shake the image of the one-eyed man from my mind .
tr	O	They were still sore from earlier , but I nodded .
tr	I	I 'm pretty sure that I don 't want anything to change , but I might not know what I want .
tr	O	I let him hold me as tears soak his shirt and he kisses the top of my head , whispering apologies .
tr	I	Julie did , but she had no official place in Declan 's life .
tr	I	It has disappeared , but finding no bullets left in the shotgun , he searches for Elder Morrison 's weapon .
tr	I	Before I could respond , he went on , but the words hit me like a slap .
tr	O	Gray called just before she was leaving for lunch and her heart skipped a beat when she heard his sexy voice on the phone .
tr	I	She hadn 't let go , but she had been more than aware of her body dying , of the pain of conversion .
tr	O	The wind rose a little and the water of the lake lapped on the stones behind them .
tr	O	I just got off the phone with Kayden and he told me he loved me .
tr	I	Then she realized she wasn 't even in the house any longer , but at first , she thought she 'd passed out .
tr	I	It was open just a crack , and it was right above the toilet .
tr	I	She doesn 't want him finding her with another guy and she has it in her head that Felix will return .
tr	O	I couldn 't help the chuckle that escaped my throat , and I moved forward to take the child from Jackson .
tr	O	The people on this list have been used to their fullest extent , and the only value remaining is to study them physically .
tr	I	First they celebrated that a cure had been found for The Great Sleep and the world watched on .
tr	O	He was bigger , stronger , but even he needed a rest .
tr	I	I don 't expect Hank for another couple hours and mom is spending the day in her office .
tr	I	I could tell I wasn 't doing a great job , but I tried to cover up the bitterness with a smile .
tr	I	He grew angry and the grin faltered .
tr	O	Fresh puddles lay scattered everywhere across the base , and a cool mist still hung in the air .
tr	O	She 'd been outside and it had been snowing .
tr	O	I reach back for his belt , but he 's faster than I am .
tr	I	I could not resist taking it ' and he left it in the café that day .
tr	O	The walls close in around me and I need to leave , to clear my head .
tr	I	Warner is so naturally private that he 's the most obvious target for James 's questions , and he 's a curious kid .
tr	O	If the killer still wanted her , he could have her and Nate could do nothing about it .
tr	I	He headed for the little pizza place on A1A and I got in the Jag .
tr	O	The office had been tense all morning and everyone was uncertain if they should 've stayed home due to the rumors of a terrorist biochemical attack .
tr	O	We were really young , and it was a long , long time ago .
tr	O	The door was opened and a light turned on .
tr	O	Their kiss deepened and his tongue flicked against hers .
tr	I	It still didn 't hide those glowing red eyes of hers , but she was also wearing a red harlequin mask on her face .
tr	I	We 've only been sailing for three hours and I had forgotten how much so .
tr	I	She was peering down into her cup when he sat down and her head was bowed .
tr	I	She needed their support and she cherished the loyalty .
tr	O	Mary wanted to move away to not let him touch her , but she couldn 't stop the yearning that built inside her .
tr	O	The other vehicles pulled in alongside , and the drivers turned off their motors .
tr	I	She regarded him quizzically and Sabbath stamped a hoof .
tr	I	I knew with Kennan 's help I would be just fine , but I wasn 't back to being one hundred percent myself yet .
tr	I	She pressed on , but she didn 't like the direction of this exchange .
tr	I	Her head snaps back to the pillow , and I tuck a kiss between her legs in that sweet spot before she can protest .
tr	O	He 'd seemed happy to see me at first , but now , he was reserved , uptight .
tr	O	I 'm sorry to have let that out , mother , but father 's been just a little too smug lately .
tr	O	It used to make Darren laugh really hard , and he 'd always teased me to kiss her .
tr	O	God hadn 't called her to be a nurse , but that didn 't mean he wasn 't going to .
tr	O	I looked at Rebecca , and she blushed .
tr	O	The fingerprints were not his , but the ripped flesh ?
tr	O	He knew that Matt might change his mind about the attack , but as long as Ethan remained loyal , he wouldn 't leave .
tr	I	Sometimes Stacy was needed to bring the supplies downstairs and there was an AM delivery for the bread shop .
tr	O	He closes the curtain then , and I turn in his arms , then melt into his touch , into his kisses .
tr	O	The chief , after some time , gathered the people , and they all walked slowly back to the village .
tr	I	Remember , you helped pay for all of this ; and you did it !
tr	O	Tears burned in her eyes , and she loved them so much .
tr	O	His arms were covered in tattoos , and those very arms were thick .
tr	O	One of the pinches fell off onto the dirt , but the others held .
tr	O	Stryker invited me to one of his music things and I don 't know what to wear .
tr	I	They had plenty of time to prepare , but true , Summer was pregnant with twins .
tr	I	I could not get it without having my teeth set permanently right : but I wanted immediate relief from pain .
tr	I	I wanted to keep it that way , and we 'd made it this far unseen .
tr	O	She smiled at me and that was my cue to keep going .
tr	O	He may have made it into one of the escape pods , but he was the one that lit the last of the bombs .
tr	I	She realized it was an opening in the rock , well hidden from view , and Rio pulled her toward the light .
tr	I	He seemed as comfortable as old clockwork , yet he 'd expected to find an injured man .
tr	O	The connection was bad and I couldn 't understand everything she said .
tr	I	She bore a grin of self satisfaction and she was standing where she was before .
tr	O	It occurred to me then that he might be wondering , but feeling too shy to ask .
tr	O	Its shriek penetrated her bones , but the door slammed shut completely .
tr	I	Then again there was the mask to consider , but they looked alike , based on the drawing .
tr	I	I 'm mostly an offensive strategist , but it wasn 't a great plan .
tr	I	You love me and I love you .
tr	I	Her hand dropped , and he kissed her fingers .
tr	O	Her smile started to fade , and I didn 't like that .
tr	O	A waitress arrives with a bottle of wine , and after Ryan samples it , she pours us each a glass .
tr	O	her voice rose , and she didn 't bother hiding her anger .
tr	O	Their eyes met and she did nothing to break the contact .
tr	O	They didn 't seem to have any nudity hang-ups , but Mireille left her bikini top on .
tr	O	She hated him more than anyone she 'd ever known , but he wasn 't going to ruin everything for her .
tr	I	He receives no answer for a time , but the foam moves him gently , peacefully .
tr	O	She stopped in front of him , and her father 's bellow from the sidelines made her head jerk toward the lance lying at Royce 's feet .
tr	I	The page was blank again and the text then faded out .
tr	O	I acknowledged the greetings of the soldiers , and then we hustled him to the HQ .
tr	I	He would have to get some proper sleep before that , and they would be asked to identify their son in the morning .
tr	I	The biggest miracle of all is that he is mine , and he is a miracle .
tr	I	That 's exactly why we need you , and I don 't blame you for doubting .
tr	I	I had a very hard time remembering the argument I 'd laid out only seconds ago in my head , and my muscles flexed involuntarily .
tr	I	He knew everything that was going on in this place and Peter was a surveillance man he had the city wired .
tr	I	That meant a lot to me and I had stood up for myself .
tr	O	He tugged at the robes but the geezers didn 't react .
tr	O	It would have been impossible not to feel it when the girl was so terrified and they were connected .
tr	O	She rested her cheek against his heartbeat , and he crushed her head against his ribs .
tr	I	The darkness lifted off of me like the heaviest blanket being pulled by the weakest limbs and the piercing tone in my ear drums lessened .
tr	O	It 's been twelve years since I served , and I haven 't heard of anything to stop the kinetics unless you shoot it down .
tr	I	Finn burst into the hallway , his gun clutched in his hand , and footsteps thumped through the back of the house .
tr	I	I 'm clawing at the arms holding me back , kicking the air , crying out into the emptiness and there are soldiers swarming around him .
tr	I	He seemed less persistent now and his voice had lowered .
tr	I	It simply seemed normal , but being so close to him should have bothered her .
tr	I	I can see Marlene 's faint outline on the pavement , but the street below isn 't lit very well .
tr	O	I don 't know why it 's so important to me , but I don 't want to be alone .
tr	I	This is a side totally different for the both of us but if I were in here shoes I 'd be panicking myself .
tr	O	This was not the bedding ceremony , and there probably wouldn 't be one .
tr	O	Her heart stopped and her breath caught as she read the article .
tr	O	Crying was uncommon amongst our kind , but for some reason the sudden sting of tears burned my eyes .
tr	I	I wonder how much of that he remembers , and he 's seen it all before .
tr	I	You know what , and if I was being honest with myself I knew I did it to protect myself ?
tr	O	She 's helpful to the clansmen , and she always has a smile for everyone .
tr	O	My jaw dropped open and I gestured around us .
tr	I	Abraham headed to the tavern to relax , and Dusk signaled the end of his shift .
tr	I	Jack nodded and I shrugged .
tr	I	Your girl wouldn 't let me bring it but I had a computer in my bag .
tr	O	Vel rests a claw on my hand , silently telling me he knows how bad it is , and he 's still here .
tr	O	You know how some bees have a barb on their stinger and it rips their guts out when they sting ?
tr	O	No light penetrated the walls , and the complete darkness was oppressive .
tr	O	She was leaning against one of the columns , and when he saw her , Voss nearly stopped in surprise .
tr	O	My life became clear and my eyes became focussed .
tr	I	Now without her they 've gone feral , and she was the one who tempered them .
tr	I	It stung my hot cheeks and the night air was still cool .
tr	I	That left him faintly angry on the whole subject , and I had failed to believe him when he wanted to talk .
tr	O	Prospero is dead , and we are alive .
tr	I	I cling to it and the momentum slams me into a flagpole .
tr	I	Now it might as well have been in the middle of the room , but it was the least noticeable table on the floor .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure where I was anymore , and the changes in appearance had so unnerved me that I had lost track of the time .
tr	I	She kept her distance , but Nevaeh soon followed me .
tr	O	I raise an eyebrow , and he shrugs .
tr	I	He made no move on me , but he was inches from my face .
tr	O	The band 's music pulses in my ears , and I feel lost in a cloud of haze .
tr	I	There was no doubt that he 'd tried to paint hundreds of little legs , but the artist hadn 't got the hang of conventional perspective .
tr	O	She says something to Micha and he laughs .
tr	O	The music we danced to earlier had ended long ago and Jackson picked up a remote to flick on another playlist .
tr	I	Jael pairs off with Hit , and while I 'm thinking about the implications of that , March lends his arm to Dina .
tr	I	To tell him where we were and I told her it was fine .
tr	O	She climbed into his lap and he wrapped his arms around her .
tr	O	Faye quickly phoned her mother to ask her to do the school pick up , and she set off to the set off for Garden Centre .
tr	O	Even to me the problem appeared nigh insurmountable , and in the end our combined efforts might fail .
tr	I	It had been unprocessed information hovering on the edge of her consciousness , but she had realised before that Finan 's life hung in the balance .
tr	O	My sister didn 't approve of how I made my living , but she also understood why I chased the credits .
tr	I	They are wonderful kids , but they are a little wild .
tr	I	I barely contain my laugh and he rubs his belly .
tr	I	Alice , bless her heart , comes to visit me but aquarius has passed to the blue world .
tr	O	That window of opportunity is gone , but the joy of writing remains strong .
tr	O	The sun settles in my bones , and I lift my face , letting it warm my cheeks .
tr	I	She knew the islands , and she knew the bayou .
tr	I	None of them have had such an effect on me and I 've met guys before who are all those things .
tr	O	He was just a few steps away from her and Mia could feel him already .
tr	O	He looked away and that was it .
tr	I	They 're already wondering , where 's the kids , but they have to realize that Harrison 's a school ?
tr	I	She was going to kill me and something had snapped in her head .
tr	I	She was going to see me , and Marcie was going to look down .
tr	I	It was sealed closed , but there was a latch .
tr	O	The smaller one felt like Eliza 's but Gwen 's accuracy wasn 't as good .
tr	O	The last home he would ever know , and he had to protect it .
tr	O	Matthew shook his head at the king 's interpreter , but the Persian ruler appeared to have ignored Nora completely .
tr	O	It was a luxury Mom and I rarely splurged on .
tr	O	Charlotte answered , sounding half asleep and Emily realized how late it was .
tr	O	I 'll go along with it for now , but we 've got to be more modest if we 're to be good examples .
tr	I	He couldn 't stop himself , but he didn 't mean to raise his voice .
tr	I	She knew better , but her father claimed the guards were posted to keep her safe from the witch .
tr	O	The shadow of Jax 's head lowered , and a muffled curse filtered through the room .
tr	I	I stood there watching and he walked toward the house .
tr	O	The dishes were done , and her sisters had all gone to bed .
tr	O	You would have sat next to me , in the kingdom of Heaven , for eternity , but you chose the path of evil .
tr	O	His eyes remained on Mira , but he spoke no words .
tr	O	It might take him at least twelve hours , but he would get on the first available plane .
tr	I	He didn 't , but I expected him to follow .
tr	O	She 's not all that great at hiding , and we were able to trace her credit cards .
tr	I	She didn 't remember waking , and she didn 't remember sleeping .
tr	O	He was wrong and he was right .
tr	O	Today he 's dressed in robes of pale gold , and his smooth face is unadorned except for some shimmering powder lining his eyes .
tr	I	Charlotte had collided with it more than once , and the girl had a streak of stubbornness a mile wide .
tr	I	It was far from being vanquished but it was hurt , yes , .
tr	O	She cried and I consoled .
tr	I	There was disappointment in his voice , but perhaps he didn 't mean to betray himself .
tr	I	We would get through it , right and we were in love ?
tr	I	I prop myself up on my elbows and the painful reality seeps into my skin .
tr	O	His muscles didn 't work quite as they should , and he felt as if he was moving in slow motion .
tr	I	He saw the driver descend and he waited by the window until the carriage stopped .
tr	O	Raegan turned on her heels , and Kody leaned back .
tr	O	Happiness bubbled within her and she couldn 't stop a broad smile .
tr	O	I didn 't want him to , but I needed to give him the chance .
tr	I	This is Finn , and I 'm Carrie .
tr	I	We continue on while I hold my side , and he merely matches his pace to mine .
tr	I	He was smiling also , but he was still shaking .
tr	O	I don 't know why , but it makes me even angrier .
tr	O	Her blue eyes were hard , but they held a touch of vulnerability to them .
tr	I	She would always think of it when she looked at me , and I would always think of it when I looked at Maddy .
tr	I	I wouldn 't trade it , but Life couldn 't have spiraled out of control anymore than it had .
tr	O	The double gates opened and I fell in to line with the stragglers .
tr	O	The room became still and even Ely , the woman , did not chatter .
tr	O	It was started with ten million dollars , and always growing with inflation .
tr	O	You carried out God 's will and that is the end of it .
tr	I	All of their shows sell out and the band is really popular .
tr	O	I 'd never had this type of empathy before , and it scared the shit out of me .
tr	O	The doctors came in and I had to leave .
tr	I	We could end all this and I would see him at midnight so he could talk .
tr	I	Antonietta thought herself safe with him , but they sensed the predator in him .
tr	O	It didn 't help much , but at least it passed the time for a while .
tr	O	The priest appeared , and the sheriff nodded .
tr	O	Andrew hadn 't followed them into the stadium , but he wasn 't in the foyer either .
tr	I	I couldn 't not think of the night I realized that I loved him and the table was decorated with white orchids .
tr	O	Catherine not only wanted success today , but she also wanted referrals galore .
tr	I	She began searching around for another place to sit , and Shannon appeared embarrassed .
tr	O	The coast north of San Francisco wasn 't exactly known for high crime , unless you counted Eureka , but no one ever counted that .
tr	O	She pulled her dress over her head and flung it onto the sand .
tr	I	The ones you 're sentencing to death , but some of us are really bad ?
tr	O	He sped away like a maniac , and they were soon lost in traffic .
tr	O	No idea why because his buzz cut wasn 't particularly attractive , and he was probably too tall for me to kiss without tiptoeing .
tr	I	I peeled down his underwear , and he let me lead him closer .
tr	O	I was The First superhero , but I won 't be the last .
tr	I	He had wished she would make the effort to form friendships with the wives of his close friends , but he hadn 't pressed her .
tr	O	You wanted to see me at rest , and I let you .
tr	O	Callie had never seen any , but she 'd been pretty preoccupied of late .
tr	I	Being a photographer was even crazier , but choosing the arts was insane enough .
tr	I	It was hard not to but I tried not to stare at him .
tr	I	There was a moment of silence , and his upper lip lifted unconsciously , like a dog 's .
tr	O	Distraction did come , but not in any form Jace had anticipated .
tr	O	Something inside me was attracted to him and I wanted him , now .
tr	I	She wanted to kick herself and Danni felt her defenses dropping .
tr	I	There were no openings along the building 's side walls , but there was space on either side of the building itself .
tr	I	He straddled the wrought iron seat and she gestured to a chair by the table .
tr	I	Donovan shut him down , but Travis started to protest .
tr	I	I figure we should let it go , and we both said some things .
tr	O	I began , but Trenton shook his head .
tr	I	I pulled the little zipper down , and my arm reached around behind her .
tr	I	The clock couldn 't be turned back , but Tessa wished it was as simple as it seemed to have been in her mother 's day .
tr	I	Her hands were clasped together and she had a wide smile on her round face .
tr	O	Evie was only three when Mason first showed up , but she took to him right away .
tr	O	The lads set up to play and Calvin left them .
tr	I	She still wasn 't afraid and she could see everything .
tr	I	Grandma pulled me into one of her big hugs , and I stood up .
tr	O	He narrowed his eyes in an expression of support and he tilted his chin down as if to promise that everything would be alright .
tr	O	Kenny looked confused for a moment , and then blinked , shaking his head .
tr	I	I can see on the lock screen that I 've missed a call , and my phone is on the bedside table .
tr	O	When he received the phone call earlier that morning , he had at first refused to come to the Pentagon , but the Colonel had insisted .
tr	O	a voice hissed , and it took Gregor a full minute to realize it had come from the cockroach .
tr	I	Green Lightning was too fast for his own good , but he wished they had .
tr	O	They talked for a little while , but she falls off the map a lot .
tr	I	I backed away from his door , and my dad hung up the phone .
tr	O	Gavin hadn 't told him he couldn 't speak and Richter was doing what he could to prolong his life .
tr	I	He couldn 't stay seated one second longer , but he was about to do a very stupid thing .
tr	I	I clench my muscles , and doors open behind me .
tr	I	Still they experienced their world deeply , but Tucker knew dogs lived emotional lives as rich as most people 's , different , alien in many ways .
tr	I	The terms of his will had been made public and it had only gotten worse after their father 's death .
tr	I	A fairytale the even children sometimes believe but this is not true Captain .
tr	I	He knew it now and Simon had known it last night .
tr	O	He doesn 't look at me , but the muscles in his face tense .
tr	I	The squirrel remained quiet , and the girls continued to rock side to side .
tr	I	His hand closest to the offered knife twitched , and he glanced at the old guy , nervously .
tr	O	The smell of burned hair gagged him , but he kept moving .
tr	I	The remainders usually die before they 're thirty , and most of us don 't make it to twenty .
tr	I	He was too grateful there was water to care , but it hurt to swallow .
tr	O	I heard Dawson 's enraged shout , and time slowed down until it was a near crawl .
tr	I	I didn 't think I would feel so much like me , but I had no idea what to expect .
tr	O	She tried to free her hand but he held it where he wanted it , groaning thickly as she cradled him .
tr	O	Maybe she was not the most beautiful woman in the world , but she seemed so to him .
tr	I	He walked back towards the mirror but she tried to reach for Johnnie .
tr	I	I just wanted to melt right into them , and Dean 's crystal blue eyes seemed to gleam as he delved into mine .
tr	I	The results had been seriously impressive and he had allowed his boys -- no : his new business partners -- to go it alone .
tr	O	She was far away from Kylie and it was like being separated from her own daughter .
tr	I	The man was standing across the street waiting on a large truck to drive by , and he looked back .
tr	I	I said so , and the coffee was very black .
tr	I	A cool ocean breeze soothed the worst of it , but the afternoon sun beat harshly down .
tr	I	I realize I 'm rambling and Asher 's not saying anything .
tr	I	It 's their penthouse and they 're your parents .
tr	I	He looked just a bit injured by that , and I laughed at him .
tr	I	The blood poured , and she opened her hands over the cauldron .
tr	O	She was surrounded by flames and blood was dripping from her wrists .
tr	O	Sean 's concerns are valid , but I can 't help feeling like I should have some say in what happens to us .
tr	I	Those can be hacked , but the government had access to all cell towers .
tr	I	She pulls it away , but I grab her hand .
tr	I	His tone was bitter , but his words were neutral .
tr	O	I only had my mama growing up , and she couldn 't take me places .
tr	I	Maybe we will know more and the inspector will be here later .
tr	O	He was hard as a rock , but he wasn 't getting any relief from me .
tr	O	Tasha gulped , and the teacup clattered on its saucer again as her hand renewed its tremors .
tr	O	He gave Violeta a look and she just stood there grinning .
tr	O	The sound of glass shattering mirrored the feeling in my heart , and I had the sudden urge to break everything within my reach .
tr	O	The voices in the crowd fell instantly , deathly silent , and people let go of the dogs .
tr	O	Her head snapped up and she gave me an angry look .
tr	I	I rubbed his feet while he massaged mine , and we faced each other , each with our torsos resting in a groove .
tr	I	It might just make things worse but I told them I 'd try .
tr	I	I have to try , but I know it 's probably useless to reason with her .
tr	I	They would never reach him but three Masters dove into the water .
tr	I	All good things must come to an end sometime , but my mother has never laid a hand on me .
tr	O	There were thousands to feed , but even then , Thomas didn 't see how they were going to even scratch the surface of all the food .
tr	O	Well , strictly speaking , it was seven sixteen , but the time on my mobile was a little fast .
tr	I	With a thanks I waved as he walked away , and I accepted it .
tr	O	I think of you every day and I love you .
tr	O	His scaly hand gripped the cage , and his long fingers poked through between the bars right before her eyes .
tr	I	If they just wanted to kill him , they certainly would have come last night , but this whole situation might be a set-up .
tr	O	He tried to leap aside , but the impact knocked half the pile over , pinning his legs .
tr	O	The deliberate miss , and more window dressing .
tr	I	Zoey ran fast , and her adrenaline was like gasoline on a fire .
tr	I	Now I 've made my decision , but we were considering it .
tr	I	I was still barely making it and the shoes were still in the shop .
tr	I	The occasional fuzzy crackle of a radio receiver and I could hear voices .
tr	O	Lucas didn 't look like he entirely believed that , but he nodded .
tr	O	Bile rose in his throat and he fought it back as he walked .
tr	I	The driveway was empty and the house was dark .
tr	I	If that is not possible I 'll have to look elsewhere , but I still hope to find that case .
tr	I	It wasn 't a painful throb , but her wrist was throbbing .
tr	O	I didn 't know which way they 'd take to the cave , and it were a long time before I heard footsteps crunching over leaves .
tr	O	My gaze slipped to the cage door and an idea took hold .
tr	I	She could not remember , but Meg knew she had heard the voice somewhere before .
tr	I	He could never do that , and doing so would destroy her .
tr	O	That was enough to hold against his stepson , but Cain was responsible for even more than that .
tr	I	Hazel pointed to the door , but I began to welcome them .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but maybe it was childish .
tr	I	I shook my head no , but he asked if I wanted anything .
tr	O	She is a new woman , in a new life ... and maybe , he thought , she deserves a new man .
tr	O	Brushing out my hair and applying my makeup .
tr	O	Unlike him , those men escaped punishment , but he imagined that any military career those officers might have envisioned ended with their trial .
tr	I	The powerful beam lit the road in front of him , and he flipped on the switch without breaking stride .
tr	O	Nerves suddenly fluttered in her stomach , and she drew in a shaky breath .
tr	I	The small gold hoop that glinted in his earlobe distracted me , but I glanced at Paul , about to cross my arms again .
tr	O	I 'm a magazine centerfold with a hundred bra and panties matches in my book .
tr	I	He fell back into the grass and suddenly a red mist appeared around his head .
tr	O	You 're weak from lack of food , and we can 't have that .
tr	I	I closed my fingers around it , and my hand was resting on a stick which had been lying in the road .
tr	O	Sheridan had expected as much , but she hadn 't expected this .
tr	I	There was nothing he could do at the moment except bleed , but Arik fought the hold .
tr	I	Suddenly I was aware I was not alone , but I hadn 't seen a soul all night .
tr	I	That wasn 't a risk Hugh was willing to take , but the kid hadn 't shown signs of any such problem .
tr	O	She was trying to break the uneasy silence with a pleasant query , but I just got angrier .
tr	O	Nicola was exactly the kind of woman Gabe and the other guys at the fire station liked to take home for the night .
tr	O	She continued to care for the house , for her family , and finally , Thomas Jr. had one of his teeth break through .
tr	I	It all happens in Hollywood ... and plot synopsis A professor , a massacre , a vigilante ghost .
tr	I	He starts shaking his head , pulling me closer and Asher 's face is as white as a ghost .
tr	O	Humans have to put up with Time , but days are a sort of personal option .
tr	I	I surely wasn 't gon na volunteer any information , but if he asked me directly what happened , I wouldn 't lie .
tr	I	Within a minute , he was back , draping a woven blanket over me , but Benji stood up without a word .
tr	O	You made sure you arrived at his mother 's side before I could , and it was gone when I got there .
tr	O	He had wanted to accompany her , of course , but she had forbidden it .
tr	I	Now it 's in his direction instead of out of the office , but I still have the instinct to run .
tr	I	This is honestly the best part of my day today , but I don 't want to bore you with the details .
tr	I	He was right , but I didn 't admit it .
tr	I	This led to my first bit of good fortune , and I said I was an apothecary plying my skills .
tr	O	The motion jarred my wounded shoulder , but I couldn 't bring myself to care about that even .
tr	O	We were from different worlds and nothing would ever change that .
tr	I	She looked away , glancing around instead and his sexy smile sent her heartbeat skittering .
tr	I	I waited to see what was going on , but I was tempted to move to French .
tr	I	It takes thousands of years , and mostly only highly trained Wizards develop this skill .
tr	I	He hadn 't warmed to her , but he knew she was one of his mom 's closest friends .
tr	I	They were the closest , but they weren 't the only humans around .
tr	I	A playful smile graced her lips , but one hand parked on her hip .
tr	I	She was here at the centre of it all , and there was so much happening in Stone House these days .
tr	I	Somehow I knew they were as multi-faceted as the coat of a rabbit pausing on new morning snow , but his eyes looked black in the shadows .
tr	I	His teeth sank deep , and he murmured her name .
tr	I	The sunlight would be coming through the open window like it always did and when he opened his eyes , he would be lying on his bed .
tr	I	We stepped inside and the doors opened .
tr	O	Maybe asking wasn 't such a good idea , but she had to know .
tr	I	The dead had to be left were they lay but the wounded were carried by their comrades .
tr	O	So often I have got everybody on location and I think I can start turning the handle .
tr	I	Then I shall tell you the story of your adventure , and allow your body to heal .
tr	I	That didn 't mean she had been absolutely perfect , but she might have been my parents ' golden child .
tr	I	I 've had all I can take for today , but we 're given half an hour to visit .
tr	O	We do have a propane gas stove that works , but this is just an icebox , with no ice .
tr	I	All at once she was her old , ultra-cool self again and Anger further drained from her posture .
tr	O	The music hadn 't even started and already his mother was getting emotional .
tr	I	Then it was obvious , and Eli pressed himself to the wall wondering who these two were .
tr	I	She resisted other things and things were done to her .
tr	I	If he wanted to stay during the exam , he stayed and the man had absolute power here .
tr	O	He pulled me into the tightest hug and I lost control of myself , sobbing into his shoulder .
tr	O	This entire place was saturated with it , and his agony only seemed to amplify the potency .
tr	O	They told me that I could keep whatever I wanted and they would send someone to box up the rest for donations .
tr	O	Dex jerked back , and for a second I thought maybe he 'd felt it too .
tr	I	They were blurred , fragmented , but Lucas tried to form his memories of the meeting .
tr	I	The other ended and he couldn 't tell where one began .
tr	O	My feet ventured onto the cold flag of the foot of the fireplace and I stood on my tiptoes so I was level with the mantel .
tr	O	He held himself carefully so that I felt none of his weight , but I could feel the cool marble of his body press against mine .
tr	I	I know him well , and it has a face .
tr	O	The karate woman 's eyes glazed over and her voice took on an airy tone .
tr	O	Her lips were swollen from the ferocity of their kisses , and her cheek was pink where his beard had abraded her .
tr	I	His eyes kept straying to Angel , but Jimmy was trying to pay courteous attention to his conversation with me .
tr	I	He snuffed it out with a decisive blow , but the tiny glow of belonging grew to a strong flare .
tr	I	My heart turned heavy and my thoughts swung to Ares .
tr	I	The lighthouse came into full view , and we came around a bend .
tr	O	It 's pointed straight and it 's cocked .
tr	O	The walls always seemed newly painted a brilliant white , and the carpet was always replaced with same deep green as the cushions on the pews .
tr	I	It felt like it was an ocean away , but the small house was only a couple of hundred meters away .
tr	O	Jacob cleared his throat and I pulled my hand away .
tr	O	It was still raining but I didn 't notice .
tr	I	She cried out with bereavement , and his mouth left her breast .
tr	O	It wasn 't horrible , but it was an adjustment .
tr	O	My mouth moved , but nothing came out .
tr	I	I have been trying to make up for that day ever since , but I 've never told her .
tr	O	You let me get my hands on him and there won 't be any court date to attend .
tr	O	I know something terrible is about to happen and I have no clue how to prevent it .
tr	I	JD turned away without another word , and he nodded .
tr	I	He wasn 't letting her off the hook that easily , but she moaned above him .
tr	I	All it served to do was confuse me even more , but I thought summarising the details would help clear things up .
tr	O	He should have been defeated , but she had underestimated his skill , also the support by the soldiers .
tr	I	There are only , like , three in the Chicago area , and they usually try to stay away from vamp drama .
tr	O	Zane bit the back of his shoulder , hard , and Ty grit his teeth against the shout of pleasure it almost produced .
tr	O	The warmth in his blue eyes snuffed out , and his mouth tightened .
tr	O	There were times when I felt like the oldest being on earth , and in the mountains I was surrounded by things even older than me .
tr	O	She croaked an order to the frogs and they rearranged themselves .
tr	O	A small crowd had formed , and the girls all had funny smiles on their faces .
tr	I	Father agrees with me that such a course might be a bit extreme in this case , but we could separate them by building fires with them .
tr	O	I didn 't want to completely replicate that , but I came close .
tr	O	Some walked and others ran .
tr	I	I hit the mat with a smack , and he tossed me down .
tr	O	You will fly , and you will fight .
tr	I	These are silent tears , hot by the time they tip over my chin , but I cry .
tr	O	I tried not to smile back , but I was pleased at his compliment .
tr	O	She liked to believe a bottle of bleach and a couple of tattoos made her look tough .
tr	I	This wasn 't the one they 'd used before but he helped her into the vehicle .
tr	I	Byron believed discretion was the better part of valor , but Byron 's long-suffering brother-in-law Vlad had told him in great frustration .
tr	O	I couldn 't understand why I was losing it ... and I couldn 't stop it either .
tr	I	I couldn 't collect why , yet he lacked confidence .
tr	O	I have walked long now , and I only have a little farther to go .
tr	O	I 'm a tired old man and I 've lost my drive .
tr	O	I might be dying again , but I couldn 't break the connection .
tr	O	There is a stage but it 's a different one .
tr	I	There were quite a few silver ones , but it had turned out to be full of coins , mostly copper .
tr	I	Thinking the woman had lost her mind , but Garrett asked , trying to be reasonable with his neighbor .
tr	I	I have felt like a fool ever since for trying to make him notice me and John was so different .
tr	O	Luke 's not laughing as hard , but he looks totally amused as he sets his glass down without sipping from it then winks at me .
tr	I	Paris felt his own arousal increasing , and she shivered again .
tr	I	It 's quiet , almost peaceful here , but I see Ben doing the same .
tr	O	I patted the end of the couch where I was lying and he came around to sit down .
tr	I	He 's already made me come and I 've known him ten minutes .
tr	O	Maybe she wanted you to be surprised at the wedding , and I 'm sorry if I blew it .
tr	I	She screamed into the pillow muffling her cries and her makeup washed off on the satin pillowcases .
tr	I	I heard the lapping of water against the shore , and a light breeze brought the smell of rotting fish .
tr	I	Hector didn 't hear him , but Jack murmured something .
tr	O	His eyes rolled back , and he stopped fighting .
tr	I	He was at least a fighter , but he was not necessarily a warrior .
tr	O	This was crazy , and I knew it .
tr	O	The vehicles at the space consortium are not ready for launch and it is beyond the mobile unit 's skill set to prepare them .
tr	O	They charge interest of 35 % on credit systems and the farmer owes more money .
tr	O	It 's not as dramatic as your victory over Mab , but I count the day Salina left town as one of the happiest of my life .
tr	O	His time as an angel allowed for very little wiggle room , and even if he wanted to break to the rules , he couldn 't .
tr	O	They spent two weeks there and it was apparently a very successful trip because when they returned , Mom was pregnant with me .
tr	I	My birds didn 't seem to mind , but my family was always carping about my shabby appearance .
tr	O	Kane initially dismissed this for a joke , but she had left dozens of drunken voicemails over the past month .
tr	O	Something in Charlotte 's tone warned Raina to stop now , but she couldn 't .
tr	O	Lavina gasped and he looked up .
tr	O	The elf was tall for his kind , but he wouldn 't have been mistaken for human except at great distance .
tr	I	He didn 't touch , but chance came up behind me .
tr	O	The sun wasn 't fully up , and there was a bit of traffic .
tr	O	She shifted and the shorts slid south a fraction of an inch .
tr	O	Her consciousness felt restricted and she couldn 't control her movements .
tr	I	He turns his attention to me , and I grab my dad 's forearm .
tr	I	She didn 't know how to describe it and something inside of Mandi was changing .
tr	I	It was just uncomfortable , but I understood why .
tr	O	Sure , Alice had fooled around with Mark Lopez under similar circumstances , but she hadn 't slept with him .
tr	O	She could leave with Sebastian and no one would be any wiser .
tr	O	Walking downstairs , she looked around but Sal wasn 't anywhere in sight .
tr	O	He may not have access to his weapons but he could still beat them the old fashioned way .
tr	O	She flicked the earring like a coin , and it flipped up to Josh 's face .
tr	I	A simple string of small pearls gleamed around her throat , and she wore a modest blue evening gown that clung to what curves she had .
tr	O	His wife pinched him to settle down , but George wasn 't having any of it .
tr	I	Marshall had his head turned watching me and I started to apply the oil to my front side .
tr	I	She 'd drive straight through , but tomorrow night was Christmas Eve .
tr	I	I can 't really blame her , but she was her usual rosy self .
tr	O	We 'd been hunting , but a heavy snow had driven us back into town .
tr	O	I was tempted to barge in to check what was happening , but then the doors creaked open themselves .
tr	O	There was a pause as he stared at me , and then he started scribbling away , faster than before .
tr	I	He 's still our friend , right , but I know he 's made some stupid mistakes ?
tr	I	Jake could not remember what it was , but Ironside had something of his .
tr	O	Homosexuality was illegal until 1965 here , and the ' 80s elsewhere in the UK .
tr	O	I am not sure what that means , -13 - but it sounds about right for Wanda , if you ask me .
tr	I	It was so real , and she had a vision .
tr	O	She could die and he could not .
tr	I	The bronze bracelet on his wrist shimmered as he tossed the weapon aside , and he snatched the pistol .
tr	I	He 'd bested her and she 'd challenged him .
tr	O	She knew very well that my studies were important than these , and those significant things shouldn 't be disturbed by her love .
tr	O	She 'd go again , and that would be the end of him .
tr	O	He was going crazy about it and I had to turn him over .
tr	I	It dropped like a heavy stone to the tabletop , and the blur of wings stopped in mid beat .
tr	I	It was still spectacular , but it might not be peak color yet .
tr	O	The green must have always been there before the red blinking started , but she never noticed it .
tr	O	My hands are shaking and my chest is heaving .
tr	O	It was widely known that the Director was a serious coffee man and to provide a brew that didn 't measure up was an embarrassment .
tr	I	I still had to check , but his Mustang wasn 't parked outside .
tr	O	Katie 's expression turned smug , and I remembered her words in the car this morning .
tr	I	By seven I was in the shower , but despite that niggling worry , I dozed back to sleep .
tr	I	Joe was putting pressure on her to stick with her story , but Beth Ann no longer seemed so eager to go after Clay .
tr	I	They stay behind their walls , but a few still live here .
tr	I	So far , it was working , and we had an uneasy alliance going .
tr	I	If he had trouble , father was always there to advise him and Rashid could do anything .
tr	O	The scowl grew on his face and he quieted .
tr	O	She frowned , and her expression was anxious , almost nervous .
tr	I	He was looking straight at me , but he was still touching the camera .
tr	O	He kept laughing until a coughing fit caught him , and he choked for a bit on his own fun .
tr	I	I staunchly put it down , and a yawn started to well up in me .
tr	O	For a moment Magnus thought he might fall from his chair , but Shadowhunter grace saved him .
tr	I	The hands stopped just past midnight , but he checked his watch .
tr	I	Even you admit you were in the wrong place at the wrong time when you were blinded , but they may have kept things from you .
tr	I	They were glad they didn 't have to scream at each other to be heard and it was less crowded .
tr	I	I had to keep it stifled , but the discovery thrilled me .
tr	O	She could not remember anything , and she had to act fast .
tr	I	Flung out her arms in victory , and she returned to the living room , plopped on the unforgiving couch .
tr	O	His features drooped , and his arms hung trembling at his sides .
tr	O	Krauss starts to correct him , but then lets it go .
tr	I	Once all the introductions were made , they started the slow walk , and Ursula 's dad shook her dad 's hand .
tr	I	Many kept listening , but some were shocked .
tr	O	A few houses were nearly touching , with small dingy footpaths in between , and walls blocking out the fading sunlight .
tr	I	I could hear them shuffling around intheir coffin room , but I couldn 't see them .
tr	O	Then when his only daughter married Lord Peregrine Ashleigh , the house went to them , and the Ashleigh family had lived there ever since .
tr	I	Even the sliding glass doors had been protected , and all the windows had boards .
tr	O	The satisfying release of fury played back in her mind like an old film , but the guilt she had expected to accompany it did not surface .
tr	I	He didn 't want to do that again , and he wasn 't sure he could control it without getting Cassie involved .
tr	I	Johnny cut in but Stu made to speak .
tr	I	I could tell that it wasn 't going to go well , but Jessie was attempting to help .
tr	I	She sighed and that stung .
tr	O	The elevator came to a stop and she was ushered into the hall .
tr	O	I try to watch her , but a sheet keeps dropping over my eyes .
tr	O	Owen watched her with laughter lurking in his eyes , but she failed to see any amusement in this situation .
tr	O	Evelyn tried to watch dispassionately as Jamie landed the first strike , but she flinched nevertheless .
tr	I	I was alarmed that its eyes didn 't look any smaller now that its head was bigger and it had fingernails that looked like claws .
tr	O	Her mother took the opportunity to make a few more succinct remarks , but Carol did her best to ignore them .
tr	O	Will shushed Harry 's reaction and they busied themselves preparing for the night .
tr	O	There was no one around to see them , but he 'd be embarrassed enough knowing I had .
tr	O	Scientists poured from their labs into the hall as the alarms screamed overhead , and we moved in a river of white coats toward the exits .
tr	O	He hated the sight of dead instruments , and these were dead .
tr	O	The thermometer beeped , and I removed it from his mouth .
tr	I	She flopped onto the floor and her knees gave out .
tr	O	His lungs will burst or his heart will fail .
tr	I	My mouth was weak , but I tore at them with my teeth to make them useable .
tr	I	I was too tired to care , but I thought I heard voices .
tr	O	I 'd gotten cold when Coach turned the air conditioner on , and I 'd snuggled close to Doug .
tr	I	Connie stopped him by taking his hand , but Mac wanted to crawl under the table .
tr	I	Apparently it was also handy to threaten a girl into doing whatever he wanted , but he 'd explained it was to ward off intruders .
tr	O	I was looking for names that I knew , but most of them were businessmen who were members of the Syndicate .
tr	O	Mandy had convinced her to buy a more dramatic shade of lipstick , and she was amazed at how luscious it made her lips appear .
tr	I	His eyes were framed by long lashes that a girl would kill for , and his thick , dark-brown hair was perfectly groomed .
tr	I	I never heard the thunder that followed , but Lightning flickered farther back in the mountains .
tr	O	He shouted something to his companions , and they all ran from the room .
tr	O	A few small rocks hit my car , and I winced .
tr	I	A tattered scarf held the stray pieces in front away from his face , and his shoulder length blonde hair was pulled back in a low ponytail .
tr	I	Once he realized Nash was a pilot , he peppered him with a million questions and Duke was fascinated with the plane .
tr	I	He hollered , blood gushing from his nose , and her elbow connected with the guard 's face .
tr	O	Julio finally got a hold of the pail and he took a big sip off the pail .
tr	O	Snow is falling on her hair , and she 's not wearing a coat .
tr	I	Ever since I heard him do it , I 've wanted to know , but I hadn 't meant to ask .
tr	O	I tried to concentrate on my classes , but not even English could hold my attention .
tr	I	He smiled and his eyes met hers .
tr	O	The end of the wings are all jagged but the intensity of the colors draw away from them .
tr	I	Yet she had still gone to him willingly , and she had known all of that .
tr	I	It was like seeing someone with a bad head cold coming at her and he was widely known as a better rider than human being .
tr	I	I barely noticed Dion as he walked up , and I ignored the car waiting for us .
tr	I	He wanted that someone to be him and if Noelle was going to live , she had to trust someone .
tr	O	I make like I 'm going to get up , and she reaches for my hand to stop me .
tr	I	I certainly didn 't want to see the two demons any longer and I didn 't want Davis to catch us .
tr	I	Suddenly it seemed colder , but the breeze off the ocean remained steady .
tr	I	I felt like I was doing a pretty good job , and I was trying my very best not to be overwhelmed by everything .
tr	O	I had never been so cold in my life , and yet I had never welcomed the numbing pain more than now .
tr	O	Her voice broke again and she convulsed with sobs .
tr	O	He sees that same sort of light in me now , and his shame is almost too much for him to bear .
tr	O	Her reluctance wasn 't obvious , but Colin saw it .
tr	I	He rose to his feet in a fluidly graceful movement , and a look of intense , desperate longing covered his face .
tr	O	Reaching out , she touched his arms , and he pressed his body to her .
tr	I	I was almost positive she was using marriage to scare me off , but I couldn 't say for sure .
tr	O	There was another get-together of the Regulators , and the one who was apparently their leader snapped out some fairly blunt instructions .
tr	I	Most of them weren 't friendly either , and I could feel their gazes on me .
tr	I	I had no notion of a name , and Lily was not properly expected to hatch for another five years at the earliest .
tr	O	Their eyes strained to see a clear path to walk through , but in the darkness , they could only make out rough shapes .
tr	O	There were 76,000 lawyers in D.C. , and he was number one .
tr	O	Kenzie 's soft fingers on my arm surprised me , and I glanced up into her serious brown eyes .
tr	O	There might be a whole pack of you guys on their tails , but that doesn 't mean you 'll find them .
tr	I	I insisted that we move on , but I was shaken from my ordeal .
tr	I	We could all see in his head that he felt it , and he looked injured .
tr	I	I merely stammered but I tried to say more .
tr	O	He laughs and I smile in response .
tr	I	I didn 't want an audience when I did it and I wanted to wake her up .
tr	I	The world around me began to blur back into focus and the lights came on .
tr	O	She couldn 't see him , but she looked directly at him .
tr	I	It softened , but she gave him a pointed look .
tr	I	She would pay and any mistake I made .
tr	I	Maggie shut the door behind them , and shooting wary glances at the pistol , the pirates departed the room with haste .
tr	O	She watched the fight he waged within himself and she saw the minute he lost the battle .
tr	I	Only a few of them really seemed to care very much about it , and nobody knew anything about the theft , apparently .
tr	O	I 've thought this over since I was born , and I know exactly what we need to do .
tr	O	I tried it on , and it looked fabulous .
tr	I	Several seemed keen to set out right away , but most took it with calm resolve .
tr	I	We don 't touch , but we simultaneously take a step closer together .
tr	I	He anticipated a tirade of grumbling from Jem when he arrived and the musty pub had the smell of wet dog about it .
tr	I	One thing I never experienced was what it felt like to make love to someone , but you may be new at a lot of things .
tr	O	He rocked her frail figure gently and she closed her eyes , sleeping .
tr	I	Then the man gave a soft laugh , and silence absorbed the line for a few more seconds .
tr	I	No worries about it being crowded , and it 's after one already .
tr	I	It wouldn 't happen again , but it had been nice .
tr	I	Instead he winds around the fire pit between us , heading toward me , but at first I think he 's going to eat it .
tr	O	This was a hobo paradise , and in evidence was a moldy mattress dumped halfway into the thorny vines .
tr	O	It didn 't work , but the were didn 't know that .
tr	I	The bitter taste in her mouth now was blood where she had bitten her lip , and she was herself again .
tr	O	The lich turned back to me , and I saw death in his eyes .
tr	O	Donovan 's hand palmed the back of his neck and he closed his eyes .
tr	I	She needs to trust me enough to open up , but I know we need to have a conversation about what happened last night .
tr	I	When he saw her he smiled and he was leaning back in the sofa , feet up on the ottoman .
tr	I	It hurt too badly but she tried to move it .
tr	I	All three were drool worthy and all three of them had the same tattoo on their respective shoulders .
tr	I	I was dead on for the whole hour and it was an hour long interview about the implications of the financial crisis .
tr	O	It 's just that I 've been charged with taking over Elizabeth 's job arranging the Gala and I 've been obsessing about it for two days .
tr	O	She returned my smile , but I could see the uncertainty that she had about my words .
tr	I	It just wouldn 't work if they had to disappear in the middle of something , but they grumbled about being left behind .
tr	O	His reaction was unusual , and she knew it was significant in some way .
tr	O	We are considering you for a partnership , and that is the reason for this meeting .
tr	O	I knew them , and I was going to kill them .
tr	O	Turtle laughed out loud and I did , too .
tr	O	She moaned and he was glad to hear nothing in that soft sound that could possibly be construed as a ' no ' .
tr	I	He turns to look at me and his arms drop .
tr	I	He could give magic to anyone , but only a Shadowhunter could bear runes .
tr	I	He couldn 't but Matt knew he should stop there , send her on her way .
tr	I	He stood up to take off her jeans , discarding his in the process and Elissa 's hips moved erotically against him .
tr	I	His nose was in the air and the dog 's hackles were raised .
tr	I	He sometimes wondered why such a driving force existed within his mind and it was a compulsion .
tr	O	Lewis would be unhappy , but what did Lewis matter ?
tr	O	Her hands automatically worked the dive sequence , but the engines remained still .
tr	I	Something about his demeanor rubbed Jason the wrong way and the man was just too pleased with himself .
tr	O	His eyes met hers and she smiled at him .
tr	I	I shake my head , but it makes sense .
tr	O	The smell of blood smacked into us , and we all backed away a few feet .
tr	I	Magic works here inside the Gatehouse , and I have a Master Key in my backpack !
tr	O	Nobody knows , but it can 't be soon enough .
tr	O	It was nothing more than an instinct , but it was something I couldn 't ignore .
tr	I	The battle began in earnest , and the Kindred rushed forward as well , cries of defiance ringing from every throat .
tr	I	She was a resident of a nursing home , but a Claire Clement had been found in Topeka .
tr	O	I noticed that we were both sharing the same armrest , and soon I could feel the heat radiating between us .
tr	O	We have a few clashes with him every so many years , and then he disappears for a while .
tr	O	A hand came up to rub her temple , and suddenly , she wasn 't speaking to me .
tr	I	The rose bedroom is the one on the left , and the blue bedroom is the door on the right end of the landing .
tr	I	He was their best and the Pathfinders were legendary .
tr	O	I thought I could make it work , but it 's not possible .
tr	I	She cowered , throwing up her arms , and they fell , a rain of hot coals from the sky .
tr	I	She was panning the chaos and she had a hand-held camera .
tr	I	The words did not come to her lips but the young woman thought to speak .
tr	I	Julianna tiptoed behind Carl , then ambushed him with a big hug , startling him into standing again , and the men sat .
tr	O	You 'll enter this room , and in the wall behind me you will find a Flat Trans .
tr	O	She already saw him as enough of an animal , but he couldn 't let the threat to her continue .
tr	O	Dante 's words come back to me , but his voice sounds like my father 's .
tr	O	He may have had a hand in you getting on the tour , but it was your talent that got you your dream .
tr	I	Every minute now isn 't there and there 's more to this brotherhood each ?
tr	O	It was wider , likely to accommodate more traffic , but I also knew it was a primary thoroughfare because it seemed almost alive .
tr	I	I heard anyway , but I didn 't think she meant for any of us to hear .
tr	I	It was the best connection I 'd ever had , but I knew he must be on a cell phone .
tr	I	At least I could breathe , but the smoke still burned my eyes .
tr	O	Most of David 's toys resided in its cupboards and the walls were decorated with his artistic efforts .
tr	I	He 'd have deserved it , and she probably would have slapped him .
tr	O	He rode the wave until it crashed behind him and his board eased to a stop in the shallows .
tr	I	I closed my eyes , and my stomach churned .
tr	I	She wanted to be alone when that happened and if she stopped now , she 'd fall apart .
tr	I	He 's feeble , but he had good ideas to bring forth some policy in this world .
tr	I	That was empty too but she crossed to the chicken house .
tr	O	The driver slammed on his brakes , and the car slid to a halt .
tr	O	For a moment there seemed to be an impasse , but I relented .
tr	I	Her eyes blazed at the memory of Chuck outside the Fort House and the blood rushed to Violet 's cheeks .
tr	O	He blames himself because he 's a doctor and he thinks he should have seen the signs .
tr	O	He continued to let me think everything we shared was a lie , and the painting reminded me of that .
tr	I	My muscles refused to obey , but I knew I should leave .
tr	O	People say it all the time , but they don 't mean it .
tr	O	I remember that when I got it , the tattoo artist looked at me like I was a nut job , but I didn 't care .
tr	O	Her stomach shrank at his dry tone and the reminder of the world he 'd left behind .
tr	O	The sight surprised him , and he jumped a little .
tr	O	Here a light was on in a second floor window and he could see figures moving behind the window panes .
tr	I	Her cheeks were flushed pink and her eyes looked wild with desire .
tr	O	Our eyes lock over one another , and I can feel the sorrow stretching between us like taffy .
tr	I	Jamie gives me a wide grin and I stand still as Mom waves .
tr	I	I did eventually drift off , dreaming of bodiless faces who forced me off cliff tops , but it was a long time coming .
tr	O	He is about to explain this all to Allyson , but then he stops himself .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to speak but he interrupted .
tr	I	He 's looking at me with his beautiful blue eyes and I 'm still holding his hand .
tr	I	Nothing happened , but inside , Matt flicked the light switch in the hall .
tr	I	He was already speaking into the mouthpiece , but she let out a yelp of protest .
tr	O	he called and she focused on his handsome face .
tr	I	I was surprised at his reverent bow and Avalon was quick to stand up .
tr	O	Jenny didn 't know it yet but they had taken her cousin already .
tr	O	We both laughed , but I felt uneasy .
tr	I	I closed my eyes and a single , solitary tear fell .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but she wasn 't sure what she was supposed to see this time .
tr	O	I tug on her hair , maybe a little more roughly than I intend , and her kiss turns ravenous .
tr	I	Soon the entire household was roused and Sarah called out for help as soon as they neared the gates .
tr	I	He regained his composure , and finally the glisten in his eyes faded .
tr	I	The sound was off , but the picture was on .
tr	I	I don 't care , but I taste blood .
tr	I	There was more on the ground and the foliage was soaked in blood .
tr	I	Yet here I am , and I did nothing wrong .
tr	O	It was foolish , stupid , and she was paying for it now as his hand wrapped tightly around her boot .
tr	O	Get too serious and you freeze up .
tr	O	He watched her eyes constantly , and this made her very nervous .
tr	O	The door of the house burst open , and a thin woman in maid 's garb dashed out .
tr	O	She 's hot , and she slides onto me like a tight-fitting velvet glove .
tr	O	I decided I would give them five more minutes trying to figure it out for themselves , and then I would go do it for them .
tr	O	Summer soon passed and Jo Meagan entered her senior year of high school .
tr	I	Bryan 's curiosity had grown unbearable , but they hadn 't talked about the trip down Dune Road for almost twelve hours .
tr	I	It wasn 't just from the heat and my palms were dripping with sweat .
tr	O	This stranger didn 't know how urgent the situation was , and Jason didn 't intend to waste a single second .
tr	I	This proved crucial , and the recovery of the information included the names of teachers .
tr	I	The line at Loreen 's register still had about five people in it , and there were about eight orders to fill .
tr	I	I couldn 't place it , but something about him was so familiar .
tr	I	Right now I was close to it , but I never lost my cool .
tr	I	There is something very important contained within those things , but I don 't need to tell you of this .
tr	I	For now I was too tired to even really put much effort into being pissed , but I 'd get there eventually .
tr	O	I 'm not sure what she decides , but when she looks away , she reaches for her purse on the table .
tr	O	I want to get out of here , but a sudden wave of white hot anger stabs at me .
tr	O	My ringing phone upset the mood , and I groaned when I saw Clara 's name on the screen .
tr	O	It had been two days since Matteo 's funeral and she had been acting strange ever since .
tr	O	My eyes widen as I hastily sit up , skimming my room for whoever spoke to me , but I don 't see anyone .
tr	I	Her blouse awry and her pants were wrinkled .
tr	I	Ghosts cluttered the furniture , and skulls , bats , cobwebs .
tr	I	I see him smiling , his green eyes twinkling , and he lifts his helmet a little .
tr	O	Jagged would hurt more , but he had plenty of time to get to that .
tr	O	Liquid splattered the table , and a massive clanging resounded as the kettle rolled from the table to the floor .
tr	I	A ceaseless stream of vehicles was flying through the intersection at a blur , but there did not appear to be any stoplights .
tr	I	She was able to take a deep breath , and his plain , focused thoughts made things better for a moment .
tr	I	I have won and you have lost .
tr	O	He seemed to be waging a silent battle , over what she had no idea , but she was disturbed by the tension radiating from him .
tr	I	Whatever meal you called this , given that it was three in the morning , or I focused on my breakfast .
tr	O	A few Shifters walked out right away , but the others took their time .
tr	O	He kissed her the way he had the night before , and Charlotte could barely take in the sensation that overwhelmed her .
tr	I	They stood behind some filing cabinets for the physical inspection , but she had been in a small office -- all glass .
tr	O	He wasn 't about to apologize for her , and I didn 't want to talk about it any more .
tr	I	Her lips trembled , and tears glistened in her eyes as she stared back at him .
tr	O	Certainly that was progress , and it deserved some reward .
tr	I	The white gauzy curtain blew gently in the night breeze , and the moonlight shone through the window that overlooked the streets of San Francisco .
tr	O	The car had started moving , and I was still staring at him .
tr	I	The black Lab leapt out , and Robin quickly moved to open the passenger door .
tr	I	She left him to his memories as she headed down the hallway to Ren 's room , but Kateri had no idea who the woman was .
tr	I	She moved on quickly , and it wasn 't quite a lie .
tr	I	That was never to be , but Jacqueline had wanted a daughter .
tr	O	I say , and she silences .
tr	I	It sounded like there was a lot of activity in that room , but there were no voices .
tr	O	She was showing him the door and the thought of never kissing those lips again broke his heart .
tr	I	Yes , the boy could well be Galilee Green , but it was hard to tell at such a distance .
tr	I	It was generally the person who had the most to gain , and Homicide was almost always committed by someone who knew the victim .
tr	O	A laugh burst out of Jupiter , but he muffled it when Perry stood .
tr	O	My days are busy and I spend my nights trying to forget about my days .
tr	O	He loves our baby so much , and she 's not even here yet .
tr	I	He was the one who helped save their lives and Savannah told them that he knows about their magic .
tr	O	He had no way of knowing this but he felt it to be true .
tr	I	I figured that the less I knew the better off I would be and she refused to tell me what she was involved in .
tr	O	She was lost in his eyes and when the moment passed she felt deprived , her body shivering at the loss .
tr	I	You 're condemning me , and I 'm the one standing here talking about doing the right thing , for everyone .
tr	O	The prospect of getting into a small car with a bunch of sweaty men had no appeal , but I attempted a polite smile .
tr	I	She turned from the coach , and Barth was given his instructions .
tr	O	He stayed at the helm , and the darker the night sky became , the more desperate he became .
tr	O	The entire world was literally against us being together , and meeting each other in our subconscious sleep state hardly counted as significant alone time .
tr	O	Orrin released the boy on the spot , and Max stumbled to the floor .
tr	O	It was a nippy day at the end of January , but the cold didn 't seem to affect him at all .
tr	I	In reality she wasn 't in the mood for humor , but Natasha smiled .
tr	I	No matter what happened , it was worth it , and I 'd had a great night .
tr	I	They 'll come to win and they 'll come with the best .
tr	O	Her eyes were half closed and her breath faster .
tr	O	I get what he 's saying and it overwhelms me .
tr	I	Julie twisted away from him , and he playfully nudged her ribs .
tr	I	She was drenched and her clit was swollen .
tr	I	All the hairs on my body stood on end , but I don 't know why it was so important that we didn 't hear .
tr	O	She bit her lower lip , and I could see the confusion in her eyes .
tr	O	That old bitch was arrested , and Jack 's name was cleared .
tr	O	She continued to wrestle with him , but he was way too strong for her .
tr	O	Nightmare 's ears perked up , and she looked at the window .
tr	O	He pulled my chair out for me , and I sat down .
tr	I	Eleanor sensed a wiry strength in this young man , but the clerk 's arm was thin .
tr	I	Mom ran to get it , and the doorbell rang a few minutes before three .
tr	I	The face still swims in front of me , but I recognize the voice .
tr	O	She might be thin , but her dead weight is wreaking havoc on my arm muscles .
tr	I	To stay alive we must eat and we eat because we are alive .
tr	O	There was a catch in her voice when she said it , and a naked kind of hope he felt guilty for putting there .
tr	I	He looked at McCoy , and his eyes cleared somewhat .
tr	O	Liam shot a loaded look at Nikolas , and then his eyes slid to mine to drive the point home .
tr	O	If all she felt from me was lust , she wouldn 't believe in the love , and I wouldn 't blame her .
tr	I	The illusion was broken and in most cases a wink would be frowned upon , lest the audience saw it .
tr	I	Even that had his body reacting and she made a sound of frustration .
tr	O	Jen gave him her knife and he set about sharpening it .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but Cassidy scowled at this .
tr	O	He stuck out his tongue at me , and the four of us made our way down to the robotics labs in Division Five .
tr	I	You will meet me at the South one , and we will be waiting at the North podium .
tr	I	I could see the tension shoot up his spine like a steel rod , but his back was to me .
tr	I	The cliffs transform into a wall of formless gray and the waves become one long dark blur beside us .
tr	I	Then of course there was school , and there was never enough time in the day to work on his inventions .
tr	O	She let her breath go in relief , but Isaac didn 't put his gun away .
tr	O	Only two tables were occupied , and the hall was uncharacteristically quiet .
tr	I	I resist the urge to look away from the intensity of it , and he searches my face .
tr	I	Her eyes glimmered , and Kenzie hunched her shoulders , looking off into the distance .
tr	O	She waved him back and he headed their way .
tr	I	The excitement flooding her senses goaded her on , but Jasmine knew she shouldn 't let this continue .
tr	O	My fingers found the back of her neck , and I nudged her to face me .
tr	O	Well , after that , I was left with no other option but to hate you .
tr	O	At first I thought she was angry with me for allowing her to sacrifice herself , but then I realized it was shame .
tr	I	There was no way Tyler was going to give up this mutt , but she wasn 't a dog person .
tr	O	It sounds strange , but it works fine .
tr	I	I think you get the point , but she stared at me - well , at her nose , actually .
tr	O	A vein pulsed along his temple , and I took a weary step back .
tr	I	I marvel at how badly she 's misjudged the situation , and she gives me her evil smile .
tr	I	It sure was a nice turn of events , but this hadn 't been expected .
tr	O	You could actually see the shape of my fingers outlined in the coming bruise , and all I could do was stare at it .
tr	I	The stars are so bright , and the night breeze is sighing past us .
tr	I	She tolerated it , but she didn 't appreciate it , especially since her name was actually Dagmar .
tr	I	At the moment he was still shaky , but he 'd be fine in a couple of days .
tr	I	It was so much easier to fal asleep without the fear of screaming myself awake , and I hadn 't realized I was so tired .
tr	I	I was too focused on the girl next to me to mind , but Miller made that disgruntled sound in the back of his throat again .
tr	O	The rock comes full swing and I exhale .
tr	I	One is hanging on with his life , and five of your friends died .
tr	I	He 'd asked , after all , but she knew she chattered .
tr	O	Stalin chewed on his lip , and Gabriel looked ready to vomit .
tr	O	I 'm going to get you inside that cave , and you 're going to find that sample of LUCA .
tr	O	Caitlin peeked over the corner , and a crumpled figure was lying over one of the building 's grates .
tr	O	I 'd gotten through worse , and I 'd get through this too .
tr	O	Janie described where she 'd parked her car and the security guard pointed her in the right direction .
tr	I	He took a seat on the couch , and I led him inside the dim house .
tr	I	Sarah looked forward to preparing for the holidays , but it was a particularly cold winter that year with constant accumulating snows .
tr	I	I wistfully watched the way their bodies instinctively moved toward one other and they stared into the others ' eyes .
tr	O	I sighed and she stiffened .
tr	O	I yanked my arm , trying to get free , but it was no use .
tr	I	When there was no reply , she pressed her ear to the door and she waited a moment .
tr	O	Their successful company was bought out by Raytheon in 1987 , and after ten years of hard work , both men retired very comfortably .
tr	I	When they brought it here to the Human World , it stopped Lost Souls from crossing over and it was a crystal they stole from The Afterlife .
tr	I	The power behind it rivaled hers , but he wasn 't as fast as she was .
tr	I	The snow stopped falling and the wind had dropped .
tr	I	The desire to see him is burning me up from the inside out , and Wilder doesn 't answer .
tr	I	I ran a finger along the beveled edge of the glass desk , and a pang of sympathy rushed through me .
tr	I	Any time she was feeling confused and she cooked after work , on her days off .
tr	I	I didn 't actually answer her question , but I shook my head .
tr	I	They hung on grimly and soon only three children were left in the tree .
tr	O	He didn 't have Alec 's delicate cameo looks , but Jace 's face was more interesting .
tr	I	Charlie was pleased he 'd thought of it and that looked like a slip .
tr	O	I 've been poring through databases since we talked earlier , and I 've got nothing about the sale of the car .
tr	O	It whirls me around and I cringe with pain .
tr	O	He was staring down at the fallen vamp , and the vamp was locking eyes with him .
tr	I	That stick was beginning to wiggle free of his anus , but he might not be smiling .
tr	I	We can 't afford to be picky right now , but mom always says it 's horrible stuff .
tr	I	I wasn 't happy about it and I 'd killed two young men .
tr	O	She had her bow in her hand , but the string was cut .
tr	I	I 'll set things in motion and give me your credit card number .
tr	O	My eyes stung and my insides trembled .
tr	O	I fought it down and the feeling passed .
tr	O	He tried to hold still , but when her teeth grazed his sensitive head , he couldn 't hold back .
tr	I	He had his other arm around her shoulders , but he kept one hand on the rope , too .
tr	I	After seeing the septic , he had to be telling the truth , but I always thought he was lying .
tr	O	Serge 's massage was interrupted by a call from Moscow , and he was in a foul mood .
tr	O	She 'd almost bought me a bright pink one , but I 'd stopped her in time .
tr	I	I needed a beer but it was early .
tr	I	She never wanted it to end , and the love he showed touched her deeply .
tr	I	I needed her to know why I hated her dad , and I needed her to see the sincerity in my eyes .
tr	I	My eyes are alert and my back stays rigid .
tr	O	He 'd tried to go back to the way things were before Sarah , but instead of feeling nothing , he felt an overwhelming sadness .
tr	I	Mackenzie wanted to find some Tums for the ulcer his smile was causing her , and Ethan looked his most handsome , his most charming .
tr	I	He 'd started traveling extensively , and the company had moved headquarters .
tr	O	She could hear nothing , and there was no heat .
tr	I	He won 't let me , but I try to pull away .
tr	O	I forgot it 's family dinner night and my mom is making me be here .
tr	I	That 's when history came alive for me and before that we lived in England for four years .
tr	O	It was beautiful , but it caught Thomas off guard .
tr	I	It hit and she parked .
tr	O	His hand moved faster , and she attempted to engulf the entire tip of his cock in her mouth .
tr	O	I 'm from New York , but I was born in Canada .
tr	O	I have a desire to get to know this daughter of mine and I don 't trust the human 's at all .
tr	I	Danika closed the phone , and Stefano disconnected .
tr	O	I was chewing on my last strings of sanity and I thought , to invent ghosts was the sign of madness creeping in .
tr	I	Built on them , made them better , but he followed orders to the letter .
tr	O	The fae 's gaze never left Kylie , and while he answered the question , he spoke to Kylie .
tr	I	It snarled and I flinched .
tr	I	When she had seated , the stranger sat down too , and Lisa did as she was bade .
tr	O	We 're not waiting for reinforcements and the prolonged anticipation might affect the troops adversely .
tr	O	I didn 't think I 'd hit him that hard , but he sure as hell wasn 't in a hurry to get up .
tr	O	Two women were screaming , and the scene was fast turning to chaos .
tr	O	Her hair was a sort of colorless pale blond , pulled tightly back with combs , and her eyes were flinty gray chips .
tr	O	His mind had been relaxed for too many years and he needed to build up those mind muscles again .
tr	O	You have a past that isn 't my business , and when Nan threw the bait out there I took it .
tr	O	Infection in blast injuries is bad , but I guess you know that .
tr	O	You moved home , and before I knew it you 'd started your own computer company .
tr	I	She remembered everything but the vision vanished .
tr	I	He didn 't , but he could have taken advantage of me .
tr	O	She put the phone down , and it immediately began ringing again .
tr	I	I consoled him and he got upset .
tr	I	The flavour was better than what was available in London , so he passed the cup to Amy , and it wasn 't bad .
tr	I	It meant little , but the house was solidly here .
tr	I	Slung his weapon to the ground with another stem , and the sarcastic swiftly grabbed Nolen with a long stem .
tr	I	The trap was going to fail , and the thing was too fast .
tr	I	It 's there , but it 's subtle .
tr	O	I want to believe him , but the fear linger .
tr	I	It was everything he 'd hoped , and was the title of the article .
tr	O	I saw Vasily shake his head out of the corner of my eye , but I could not look at him .
tr	I	The day , whose weather had veered from hazy to bright , was fading and the sun was already beginning to set on this beautiful pastoral scene .
tr	O	You can either work for me to facilitate that or you can eat at least once a day with me .
tr	O	The carpets were tired and the plumbing was pre-war .
tr	I	He sounded genuinely concerned , and his excited tone changed .
tr	O	Strong fingers pushed aside her underwear and she felt him press his hand against her there .
tr	O	I could smell bourbon on her breath , and I leaned toward her .
tr	O	There 's another sharp bleep , and then the trunk latch pops .
tr	I	Isaac wasn 't ready to talk , but she asked .
tr	O	Hopefully a drug dealer shows up soon or I 'll have to come up with something else for tomorrow .
tr	O	My own lilacs haven 't even bloomed yet and already their fragrance is suffocating me .
tr	O	They were having a special promotion that day , and the place was open to the public .
tr	O	The edges were worn and it was obviously old .
tr	I	She was Madrigal , and she was Karou .
tr	I	It made her weak in the knees , and he knew it was her favorite spot .
tr	O	He is a master at business , but he knows very little about relationships .
tr	I	The word escaped his lips before he could stop it , and still , after reading the article , Chris couldn 't help it .
tr	O	He slid it down and she stood ramrod straight .
tr	O	Mortimer had tried to filter out the sound at first , but it was hard to ignore .
tr	I	The tension was still there , but it helped to a degree .
tr	O	Most of the businesses were dark , but a sign in the window of a small tavern announced it was open .
tr	O	This question suggested blasphemy and there was no reply .
tr	O	He held it across the table and his thumb rubbed gently along hers .
tr	I	He doubted that he 'd get it , but he had asked for a full company .
tr	O	No matter where her career had taken her , home had always been a mountain in Wyoming , and Alex MacNeil was going to change that .
tr	O	It isn 't an engagement ring but it is enough to get the message across .
tr	I	There it is , but it 's hard to think that I have enough pride left to damage .
tr	I	His question was downright angry , and his voice was tight with agitation by the end of his explanation .
tr	I	My dreams had felt more real to me and that 's why life had been so hard .
tr	O	Rob 's body collapses onto the ground but I remain frozen .
tr	O	The nurse must 've seen it , too , for she clapped her hands briskly , and I jumped about three feet in the air .
tr	O	He had no idea what she thought he 'd done , but he hadn 't touched her .
tr	O	Villagers the world over can be nosey , but their curiosity grows out of a genuine concern for their neighbors .
tr	O	It was beautiful , and she wanted to touch it .
tr	O	He was , after all , a soldier , and he appeared quite determined to get the information he wanted .
tr	I	She realized where she was and her vision cleared up .
tr	O	The energy was still flowing steadily , and Kait had a sense of cleansing .
tr	I	It didn 't stay changed , but as silence stretched on , embarrassment made me change the subject .
tr	I	Clare thought she recognized them but they were not very clear .
tr	O	Her mouth opened in return and he lost himself in her .
tr	I	She 'd had quite a shock , and Elizabeth had to be in her first trimester .
tr	I	He swung it out of her reach , but she made a grab for the bag .
tr	O	It wasn 't diet , but she took it anyway .
tr	O	There was only moderate applause but he didn 't mind .
tr	I	The dose was quick to take effect , but she thought to object , to ask him to leave .
tr	O	A tear slips down my cheek but I don 't wipe it away .
tr	I	She did nothing to stop them , and tears streamed openly down her face .
tr	O	Claire handed me a vest , and Jared encouraged me to put it on .
tr	I	I knew then that someone really was and he reached for my hand .
tr	O	He 'd offered her the emotional support she 'd needed for so long , and that was a powerful aphrodisiac .
tr	I	They 're not necessarily everyone else 's , but I have my own personal ideas .
tr	I	They got away with it every time and they treat us like crap every day .
tr	I	I had no idea which button to push , but I assumed it was Janet on the intercom .
tr	I	They sat down in the sand and Bill grabbed a blanket out of the trunk of the car .
tr	O	Moreover , he saw her not only through his eyes , but he saw some sides of her through Sebastian 's eyes .
tr	I	She would still be no match against the power of the Destroyer , but she had grown powerful since the battle of Shattered Rock .
tr	O	My door suddenly swings open and my mom comes barreling in .
tr	O	He moved the cursor over it , and the file vanished .
tr	I	Perhaps that was what scared her the most , and he was a man who made Eve feel safe .
tr	I	She felt herself drawn to it , and it was a very handsome face .
tr	O	It didn 't matter where , just as long as he was with his son and they were safe .
tr	I	He doesn 't wish that to be gone , and she is still smiling .
tr	O	Gabriel automatically scanned during his waking hours , and now he felt Brice entering the hospital .
tr	O	Roland has done a lot to save me , but in the end , it does no good .
tr	O	The word coven was not unfamiliar , but none of us had applied it to our group before .
tr	O	Your ability to see the gate is extremely rare and this part of the grid continues on like I don 't even exist .
tr	I	I 'm excited ... and which means I can expect them anytime now .
tr	O	You worked hard and it 's obvious .
tr	I	Janet wanted nothing to do with slowing it down but their relationship was moving incredibly fast .
tr	O	Her warning gave me just enough time to move my head aside and his knuckles drove into my left eye socket instead .
tr	I	Every nerve was on fire , yet she was limp , disbelieving .
tr	O	One move from him , and I would fire first , ask questions later .
tr	I	It didn 't mean I could so easily let the past go , but I believed all of that .
tr	O	They looked unremarkable , and I could see why the claim wasn 't being contested .
tr	I	Her phone 's battery had been stripped out , or either reception was being blocked .
tr	O	She wasn 't laughing anymore , and it wasn 't completely unexpected .
tr	O	It wasn 't just the mists , and it wasn 't just the darkness .
tr	O	He felt nothing , and he never would .
tr	I	I gave that to her yesterday , but it was written on her schedule .
tr	O	There didn 't seem to be anything more to say , and Robin ended the conversation .
tr	I	I could tell the men guarding him had their doubts , but Rashid seemed excited to give us this gift .
tr	O	He yanked it forward , and Cindy was sent flying with it .
tr	I	All of them occupied the shallower end of the pool , and only a few couples were in the water with us .
tr	I	Already she 's fretting and she 's barely above the surface .
tr	I	I had to try it , but it was a long shot .
tr	I	My skin tingled , and my throat started to burn .
tr	O	Tobias Eaton was a shameful name , and now it is a powerful one .
tr	O	That didn 't seem right , but Gray could waste no more time .
tr	I	There was no change there but his eyes roamed her face .
tr	I	It was perfect for Erik 's purposes , but such a coach was considered quite small by the ostentatious denizens of Paris .
tr	O	She got chills as he stroked her skin , but she couldn 't let that comment lie there .
tr	O	I didn 't expect to feel anything when I touched her , but I did .
tr	I	Women owned businesses in this region and you brought big money into this firm from some of the most successful minority .
tr	O	The dinner was delicious , but they were both too excited by each other to eat .
tr	I	Some things found themselves outside in the snow this time , but we continued to stumble over his gear scattered all over .
tr	O	Wil didn 't know what it was , but he liked the caves .
tr	O	He ate every last bite and I almost felt like clapping .
tr	I	I 've really got ta go , but hey , I had fun too .
tr	O	Perhaps it was just horror at the grisly scene , but Jason thought it was more likely her conscience suddenly coming out to play .
tr	I	It threw an indigent look at her as it ran away and stepping out the back door , Moody startled the nasty rodent .
tr	O	He didn 't have any experience with inebriated mortals , but he did not think this right .
tr	O	We cannot see all causes , and we cannot see all that will come to be ere the end .
tr	I	I cringe as it clashes to the floor with me and I knock a metal tray off of a table at the same time .
tr	I	He followed her carefully down the hall to the elevator , and they locked up .
tr	O	Goodness knows what she was expecting to find , but at least concentrating on this took her mind of the sudden death of her father .
tr	I	She couldn 't say no , and Helen had helped Kylie .
tr	I	With a sharp shove , I force everything to exit my body , and I drop my head down , jab my finger down my throat .
tr	I	He acted like I wasn 't talking but I argued with him the entire time .
tr	I	You 're not , but I 'd understand if you were thinking with your dick .
tr	I	His hand landed just above my knee , and Aiden 's other arm swung around with startling quickness .
tr	O	Jack entered from the kitchen , licking his fingers , and Alanna smacked him on the shoulder , making an affronted noise .
tr	I	Sarah saw him grin , and a face suddenly loomed in a side window .
tr	O	We 'd barely waited for him to leave the room before we took off , but I was nervous .
tr	O	It worked well in theory , but to physically carry it out was entirely different .
tr	O	For a long moment I wracked my brains , but I couldn 't remember if I 'd locked my room when I left .
tr	I	He was back in less than five minutes with two bags in his hands and I dressed while Charles was gone .
tr	O	The door feels heavy as I open it , and the cool morning air nips at my legs .
tr	I	A moment later he heard her soft footfalls on the stairs as she ascended them , and her arm pulled away .
tr	O	I asked her if she was sure , and she nodded her head in response .
tr	I	His hunger had been too great , overshadowed only by his anger , but he should have been more careful with her .
tr	I	Dario stood up and the bell rang .
tr	I	She shrieked as my second blade stabbed into her right eye socket , and she screamed as I drove a blade into her left upper arm .
tr	I	It broke and it felt .
tr	O	The effect grows more intense with extent of miniaturization but exactly what the relationship is , I can 't say .
tr	O	I squeeze Gonzo 's shoulder as I walk by him , and he beams at me .
tr	I	Juarez cut me off , but I started to press for more details .
tr	I	It 's uncomfortable because she 's really looking at me and she stares at me with her fingers on her lips .
tr	I	He 's not , but his name sounds Norwegian .
tr	O	Vivian might have let other things go , but she 'd maintained her garden .
tr	I	He tasted the lingering sweetness on her tongue and she pressed her lips against his .
tr	O	I handed it to him , and he took a long pull on it .
tr	O	I really do hate her and I hate myself for it .
tr	I	His long black hair fell soft against my skin , and I 'd taken the band off his ponytail .
tr	I	She didn 't need any additional stress , but he didn 't want to lie to her .
tr	I	She didn 't think that he took many virgins to his bed and that had been very sweet of him .
tr	I	I thought I was going to die from them and my worst injury had been bullet wounds .
tr	I	I keep moving , but I can 't see him well .
tr	O	It 's an energy , like a static shock , and it runs around you , pleasantly .
tr	I	Zach insisted it was art , but vandalism , the police said .
tr	I	I knew he wouldn 't buy the unaffected act , but I raised my chin .
tr	O	I know that I was scared of him and I found him aggressive .
tr	O	Acting presented a risk , but Rafe trusted his ex-partner .
tr	O	The elevator dings open but I 'm not moving .
tr	O	He thinks the world of Jeff , and he 's ready to embark on a new life .
tr	O	She 'd felt a flare of hope , but a single glance told her that the Bible was not Aunt Hannah 's .
tr	I	My body jumped at hearing him speak , but interrupting my thoughts wasn 't his intention .
tr	O	No one bothered them with any new work and they were beginning to feel quite differently about their lives .
tr	I	My hands clamp tightly around my wine bottle , and I feel my heart rate quicken .
tr	O	I could feel Sadie studying me , and I moved my gaze to hers .
tr	O	The words he spoke made me feel dizzy , but I forced myself to remain focused , refusing to let my mind wander back to that night .
tr	I	Hope Mr. Harrison 's check would clear before it came due , and she 'd put it on her credit card .
tr	O	I 'm back in LA , but I don 't recognize it .
tr	I	Harry did , but he 'd promised to testify if Harry didn 't admit to anything .
tr	O	I had so many questions , like why I was naked under the covers , but my primary concern hadn 't changed .
tr	I	That pleased Kate very much , and oh yes , Sakura had seen them all right .
tr	I	The look of raw vulnerability in her eyes made his chest ache and she was biting her lip .
tr	O	Kelsey 's jaw dropped beside me in a scream , but I couldn 't hear her .
tr	I	They started laughing -- probably at me and Alex turned back to his friends .
tr	I	Denser woods filled the space they would have to travel , and Rocky outcroppings , streams .
tr	I	Whoever had abused him , they hadn 't left a mark , but there were all sorts of rumors where that horse had been .
tr	O	I flinched as I heard a grotesque sizzling sound ; then the flames engulfed him completely , and we couldn 't see anything else .
tr	O	Something in one of the envelopes dug at me through my duster pocket , and I reached down to take it out .
tr	I	Even though I had pain with the long ball , I now knew that I could do it , and it had been a good day .
tr	I	He 'd ignored her each time , but she 'd said it a thousand times before .
tr	I	I quickly picked up on the hint that no more details would be forthcoming , and neither of them said any more .
tr	I	Dennis stood to accept the invitation , and he gestured back at his office .
tr	I	You just want to move the lid to one side and this could be a crucial turning point in the adventure .
tr	O	The quiet in the yard was intense , and I found myself nodding off , exhausted .
tr	O	I had nothing to offer him , and he made that crystal clear .
tr	O	It was the Forest Lawn 's groundskeeper 's office , and it was a little creepy .
tr	O	That last , improbable thought dissolved an instant later when her body reached its peak and she gave herself up to the overwhelming crash of something amazing .
tr	O	I blushed and Kellan laughed .
tr	O	I called her name , but there was no answer .
tr	I	Having the extra muscle tone really did make it easier to move around , but each step was uncomfortable .
tr	I	Such a serpent as she had never seen in her wanderings , but it was a great serpent which lay there limp in death .
tr	O	She pounded on it hard and my head felt the impact .
tr	O	They couldn 't run because this was their village and they had sworn to protect it .
tr	I	He was my friend , not my boyfriend , but I had sex with Jason .
tr	O	The bad news was that Trina was in this class and my friends weren 't .
tr	O	It was cooler here and the crickets were already chirping .
tr	O	He opened the door , but she stopped him again .
tr	O	I manipulate the world , and then I suffer the consequences .
tr	I	The mild cough she had developed quickly worsened into terminal congestive heart failure and she was , however , .
tr	O	I was spun around onto my belly and my arms were jerked back behind me .
tr	O	The rain was pounding the house now but the security lights in the yard below were still off .
tr	O	Cole started to fall back , but I kept running as fast as I could .
tr	I	When Chance came on board , Gwen had gravitated toward him , and her father hadn 't let many people get close to Gwen .
tr	O	Yeah , that might have been a little bit of a stretch , but I was going with it .
tr	O	She inched backward onto the mattress , her legs parting intermittently and giving him flashes of her damp center as she moved to the middle .
tr	O	His eyes briefly slid shut and he ground out one word .
tr	I	The Vampires sitting on the barstools , and I hesitate , eyeing the bar .
tr	I	Now he won 't be able to tell anyone where we live , but I don 't know what that guy was up to .
tr	I	The bed was empty , but the sheets were rumpled .
tr	O	It doesn 't hurt to say that , but it scares me .
tr	O	For a brief second the energy seemed to pause , to stop its swirling madness , but then the pressure surged .
tr	O	I climb onto the conveyor belt and Adam tries to lift his head .
tr	O	I 'd like to say I wasn 't jealous , but I was .
tr	I	It all seemed too silly to share , but she tried to remember what they 'd talked about .
tr	O	Now , I won 't name any names , but those kinds of skills are valuable to me .
tr	O	Yes , I know it 's a cliché but I 'll admit to another one as well .
tr	O	Chapter 9 Josephine followed Gary to Siesta Key but he parked a good twelve blocks from the beach .
tr	O	Mornings were for battle training in the Northlands , when the two suns were in the sky but the air was still at its coldest .
tr	I	All of a sudden three years had gone by , but it seemed like only days .
tr	O	If I was wrong , I was wrong , but I wasn 't going to let him intimidate me .
tr	I	Now he was nothing more than a ghost haunting my home and he once was this noble man .
tr	O	They 're just faces , only something my mind dreamed up while I slept , but I feel like I stabbed them in the back .
tr	O	Using reflections in shop windows , he checked from time to time , and yes , the man was still keeping pace .
tr	I	It crushed the thing like it was nothing and he dropped the boulder .
tr	O	You were cowards , and you nearly succeeded .
tr	O	I wanted as much help as possible , but waiting for Levi would set us back .
tr	I	The streetlights were circled with glowing halos , and the street was empty .
tr	O	She smiled sweetly and he was lost .
tr	I	She would sense it , and he knew that anything he now said would be false .
tr	O	Every kid knows the names if their local team , and every kid dreams of joining that team one day .
tr	O	He doesn 't wait for me to respond as he goes to sit in his seat , but his tone is clear .
tr	O	His top button was undone , and he didn 't wear a necktie .
tr	O	The others gave me odd looks , but I tapped the glasses .
tr	O	I pulled out the disposable cell phone that I bought on the way here and I dialed .
tr	I	The food was nonstop , and the house was decorated .
tr	I	Men started to get out and Merritt 's SUV 's parked opposite Nick .
tr	O	We exit the chamber and I 'm confronted with an underwater paradise .
tr	I	She almost flinches away and I sit on the edge of the bed next to her .
tr	I	There is no hatred and her eyes catch mine .
tr	I	It was all his fault and she 'd slept with Vane .
tr	O	Being around high school boys and what looked like men posing as high schoolers was my problem , I decided .
tr	O	The main draperies were drawn open and a simple blue backdrop had been lowered to take up most of the depth of the stage .
tr	O	At least I could follow her to our class , and then I would be on my own until lunchtime .
tr	O	They were in no condition to help , and he would risk his own health if he fled there .
tr	O	His pace didn 't increase , and his eyes were fixed on hers , not the river .
tr	I	She felt her body relax into his even more , and he ran his hands down her back as he listened to her .
tr	O	It is possible they are shape-shifters but I am distracted .
tr	O	Paul needed her now , and without him , Andra wasn 't sure she could keep Nika safe from the monsters .
tr	O	Jordan politely placed his napkin back in his lap , but she could have sworn his eyes gleamed with laughter .
tr	I	She laughed at my surprise , and Amusement sparkled in her eyes .
tr	I	Cassie must hear it , too , because she slowly leans away from me and I can hear the anger in my own voice .
tr	O	It seemed harsh , but she seemed sincere .
tr	I	Every cent was earmarked for acting lessons , and his savings account grew .
tr	O	It had a lot of pieces to it and they were now stacked on one side of the lounge .
tr	O	Phil nods at me , and we walk out to the truck .
tr	I	His ratty jeans encased the perfect ass , and the shirt encased the perfect V torso .
tr	O	The white of his cloak glowed like a beacon and I took a step back .
tr	I	Acquaintances cannot come soon enough for Arnold Matson and no , for my money next Wednesday 's get - together with a few rogues .
tr	O	She opens the door behind her , and I follow her in .
tr	O	He might not think I was alive , but he wasn 't taking any chances either .
tr	I	I 'd like to finish it and I 'm testing a new recipe .
tr	O	She might be going through a lot right now but let 's still try to be gentle to her .
tr	O	She could feel the silk lining in each but the left one had a small tear in the seam .
tr	O	It had been a girlish impulse and she 'd accomplished her goal .
tr	O	He realized he was hungry , too , but it wasn 't the sandwich he wanted .
tr	I	Margaret pressed her advantage , and Ian looked uncertain .
tr	I	I was still me , but maybe I was changed .
tr	O	He pulled back and I raised my head from where it had rested on his chest to meet his gaze .
tr	I	I clearly recall those blue ceramic pots with purple flowers in them , but it 's funny the things I remember .
tr	O	Farther ahead , Tom was at the edge of the woods , but he paused to look back .
tr	I	It caused him to get a lump in his throat and going straight to our own military is a huge step .
tr	I	Blake immediately returned to his questions and we gave the waitress our orders .
tr	O	The pain in her head raced from severe to splitting , and her thoughts made it ache even more .
tr	I	It was shrapnel , and it was ugly .
tr	I	We stick close and we 're family .
tr	I	In some ways , a bit of a shame for the Confederacy , and the Clan Drums were both an unusual event .
tr	I	I was the cause of it and my life had changed .
tr	O	My gaze drifted beyond the boat , and I sucked in a sharp breath .
tr	I	They didn 't involve any other hybrids , but my stress tests had picked back up .
tr	O	Daybreak was nearer now , but it was still dark .
tr	O	The going was difficult , but she managed to get to the top of the gate .
tr	O	Birth control wasn 't necessary in her sexless life back home , and it wasn 't available here .
tr	I	The stallion jerks his head up and I pop the reins down smartly .
tr	I	They were all static noise to me , but I overheard snippets of conversations .
tr	I	He wouldn 't , but Karen tried so hard to get him to stop .
tr	I	He liked it , and Nilo was familiar with the Dracula novel from his library readings .
tr	O	His mother would have used the name Romanov , but that might have been too obvious .
tr	O	Antonietta didn 't understand , but there was an urgency about him .
tr	I	The cruise control would get stuck on the interstate and it had a tendency to die at stop lights .
tr	O	It knocked me off my seat , and that 's when the wolves leapt .
tr	O	He hesitated , and she could see he was stifling a grin .
tr	I	I 've lost all my friendships since I 've started dating Ray and I have no family here .
tr	I	His wit even sharper and his eyes were still as sharp as ever .
tr	O	Getting someone to sniff the bait was important , but getting the wrong person to bite was usually counter-productive .
tr	O	She stared at him , and he met her gaze .
tr	O	Claire went after him , and when she looked back , Eve was following , too .
tr	O	It was a fine warm evening and the sky was full of stars .
tr	I	Food filled the rest of the shelves , and Tea was organized in the upper right corner , just like Kai preferred .
tr	O	The bumpy ride caused her stomach to pitch , and the stink of the gasoline made her gag .
tr	I	The flames dissipated , and the craft settled to the earth .
tr	I	Perhaps no one cares to hear my voice and my presence is not important .
tr	I	Her breath puffed visibly in the chilled air , and the mirrors fogged around the edges .
tr	O	The circle slowly drifted to a halt , and he stepped upwards into the booth as the blue glow was dissipating .
tr	O	Her smile falters and I can tell she is forcing it .
tr	I	Then they sire as many young as they can , and they kill all the young , so that the females go into heat at once .
tr	O	We had been looking forward to Hunter being discharged today , but right now , I needed some time to compose myself .
tr	O	He was older and we lived at the same foster home for a bit .
tr	O	Apparently they did consider shooting her with a tranquilizer dart but they ended up just putting something in her food .
tr	O	She had never reacted so strongly to any man before , and she forced herself to take a deep breath .
tr	O	Some of his remnants -- for want of a better word -- had begun to bleed and the nurses saw to that .
tr	O	Peter returns Dham 's smile , but I notice it doesn 't reach his eyes .
tr	O	I yelped , swinging my feet up onto the mattress , and Ethan gave a startled cry .
tr	I	She wanted what he was offering and Instinct was taking over .
tr	O	It didn 't seem possible that Casey 's shoulders could droop any lower , but they did .
tr	O	I was always telling her to buy the waterproof kind , but she said it didn 't give her as much volume .
tr	O	I didn 't give him an answer , but I 'd already made up my mind .
tr	O	That 's when his father called him , and Joseph knew he couldn 't say no .
tr	I	I could tell him anything without fear and it was like we had no secrets between us .
tr	O	She remained sitting on the dock , and Robert looked down at her streaked tawny head with stifled frustration .
tr	I	I can 't stop them and tears roll down my cheeks .
tr	I	I suddenly understood , and all the pieces came together .
tr	I	Just as he was going to speak , Alex spoke , but he so wanted to say something , anything to Alex .
tr	O	They didn 't have a hello , and as far as they were concerned , when you said rice , that meant eating .
tr	O	He placed the paper in the sack , and the Master nodded .
tr	I	There were still four more days of the cruise , but Eve had said she wouldn 't be able to call until she returned to the States .
tr	I	Olivia still hadn 't moved , but Holly was bent over Olivia .
tr	O	The key was kept on the mantelpiece of the great fireplace , but he had a duplicate .
tr	O	I don 't know what 's happening , but about now nothing would surprise me anymore .
tr	I	She shook her head slightly and her mouth was still open .
tr	I	Danni breathed a sigh of relief when he locked his gaze on her , and Darren 's eyes drifted toward their section .
tr	I	Then the lights went out , and Barnes said , moving to a coffee maker behind his desk .
tr	I	French was cautious , but the banter was polite .
tr	O	He was in his mid-thirties , and before my father had hired him to train me Logan had worked for the U.S. Marine Corps .
tr	I	The very next second makes you feel like a superstar , and it kicks you in the butt .
tr	I	She caught the tail end of his sentence , and Christophe 's mouth moved again .
tr	I	Her heart wasn 't in it , but she forced herself to relax .
tr	I	What do I say , but obviously I 'm not ?
tr	I	Another image slowed my rebuttal , but I wanted to deny it .
tr	O	He was certain that the runes were now in a different order than before , but they remained still .
tr	O	The elevator opened and we hurried inside .
tr	O	We 're still going to see this war through , and she 's the one who 's going to lose .
tr	O	A strange look came over Haworth 's face and he forgot his previous jealousy .
tr	I	She needed to let him and he needed to do this .
tr	O	I knew she was right too , but I had to try .
tr	I	I refused to come in her mouth , but my entire body tensed when she increased the suction , trying to keep me in .
tr	I	I laughed joyfully through my tears , and all the joy in the universe descended upon me in that incredible moment .
tr	O	He liked Gert , but he didn 't want to be on call .
tr	O	It was almost noon , and I figured I should get ready to take Elle out to the mall .
tr	O	There was a snap of the bone and in an instant Sam was seriously injured .
tr	O	It 's actually past your bed time and some of the neighbors might be sleeping .
tr	O	I thought I should move away from his touch , but it felt good to have the comfort of another human being .
tr	O	Her blonde hair had gone grey , but her eyes were still the same .
tr	O	He tried the pirate one more time , but he still didn 't answer .
tr	I	She was sure her cheeks must have been quite red , and her head felt as though it was feverish .
tr	I	Instead they had unleashed Hell on earth , and the Elders had come here in the hopes of destroying them , of forcing Cassie to their side .
tr	I	Maxie was looking at him , but Budda looked to see which of the brothers Maxie was talking to .
tr	O	Joe was really mad , but he got a lot more pissed when the next snowball hit him square in the chest .
tr	O	Kylie frowned , and just like that , all the frustration from earlier landed on her shoulders with a big thump .
tr	I	It may prove to be more challenging then you think , but it sounds easy in theory .
tr	O	The world could disappear , sure , but some shit just wasn 't possible .
tr	I	She 's not here and I woke up .
tr	I	I laugh and my jaw drops open .
tr	O	She shakes her head and her face collapses into her hands .
tr	I	I have no idea what they 'll be when they arrive , and I have yet to develop my Legacies .
tr	O	A troubled look crossed her face , and I wished I hadn 't said that .
tr	O	I didn 't move , and he kissed me again .
tr	I	You don 't or you love someone .
tr	I	Our soldiers weren 't letting them , but some of them tried to surrender .
tr	O	He tore his hands away from her breasts and she cried out , instantly missing his touch .
tr	I	Barely contained myself from fleeing and I turned .
tr	I	I didn 't know how , but I wanted to help her .
tr	O	This looks like a chess set , but that 's a pretty complicated game .
tr	O	I looked in his eyes for any hint of acknowledgement that I was on to something , but nothing in his eyes changed .
tr	I	Rafe followed me inside , and I unlocked the door .
tr	O	Add Angel 's , and all Derrick wanted was eighty thousand cash now .
tr	I	He didn 't argue , but Travis didn 't look happy with the dictate .
tr	O	I like him and I love him .
tr	I	I hear the low voices from a television , but I get no response .
tr	I	I wondered if perhaps a rainstorm was heading our way , and I could see the trees outside swaying in the wind .
tr	I	She did not agree , but Cassie nodded her agreement .
tr	O	I felt light-headed , but I willed my feet to remain planted in the sand .
tr	I	I shiver and an insidious finger of dread strokes the back of my neck .
tr	O	Mary Ellen slept soundly , and it took a little maneuvering for William to slip the nightgown back onto her nude body .
tr	I	I was going to be hers and Julia Jacobs was going to be my future .
tr	O	Strike your enemy with this , and it will burn the evil out of him .
tr	I	None came , but I made a warmer should the others be looking for him .
tr	O	He 's on his knees beside me , staring at the pool with bloodshot eyes , but he 's not drinking .
tr	O	Serious speeches were being made and there was so much noise .
tr	I	She was alone , but she wheeled around , desperately searching for someone to help her .
tr	O	The man held out his arm , and she took hold of his sleeve .
tr	I	That was all that mattered and he 'd overcome his past .
tr	I	Adam gripped her wrist , but she moved to go .
tr	O	Low began to stretch out her legs and a soft moan drifted from the bed .
tr	O	Settling down again , he tried to get back to sleep , but the person in the top bunk opposite was snoring too loudly for that .
tr	I	She rotated in her chair again and she tapped her on the shoulder .
tr	O	I was sure she would laugh at me for asking her such a question , but it was a good diversion .
tr	O	He looked away , then , and there was that line to his face that showed his temper .
tr	I	Others of magic protected it before the druids , and my people have guarded it for many centuries .
tr	O	I live in a protected environment , but I 'm able to function out in the world when I have to .
tr	O	Eris didn 't think she could be any more confused , but then she saw that a dark cloak was wrapped around Sye 's shoulders .
tr	I	That only made everything stickier , but I tried to wipe off the stickiness with my hand .
tr	O	I could feel the fire burning through my veins and sleep was the only thing that was keeping it at bay .
tr	O	Darcy was a lot of things , but patient wasn 't one of them .
tr	I	She was breathing much more easily , and her eyes were clear .
tr	O	I may strive to believe it also , at least in a theoretical fashion , but only God recognizes the true equality of the human species .
tr	I	It was a cold sweat , and I was sweating , though .
tr	O	The Big Boss always seemed kind of mysterious tucked away in his offices , but now his silence feels like a punishment added to demotion .
tr	O	The media crowd erupted in questions again but Forte had escaped into the office again .
tr	I	His words were not helping either and Perry 's face had turned red .
tr	I	We both laughed and I yawned again .
tr	O	Susan went cold as she stared at the woman , and her emotions sobered .
tr	O	Morton had heard the name before , but he couldn 't quite place it .
tr	I	His body reacted to her beauty , but he had long been a priest .
tr	I	He stared down at the console in a moment of despair , and his shoulders sagged for a moment .
tr	I	Everyone else had arrived when she reemerged , but she was only gone for a minute .
tr	O	I didn 't see how he could continue like this , but I said nothing as he scanned the forest 's edge .
tr	I	She didn 't need incredible , but Granted , all of it had been incredible !
tr	I	It 's a trust issue , and not many people do that because they can 't see who 's going to catch them .
tr	I	I could probably change him if I wanted , but it 's sort of gross the way he 's always stoned .
tr	I	It was out of darts , but his first thought was that he 'd arm Sheridan , too .
tr	I	There was a nice breeze but it wasn 't super windy .
tr	O	Nobody had washed her hair in days , and she didn 't have on any makeup .
tr	I	His fingers felt like heaven against my skin and he put his arm around me .
tr	I	She didn 't need him in her future and he hadn 't been a part of her life until now .
tr	O	He had to get help , but if he was caught outside , the punishment would be severe .
tr	O	Charles probably should have looked up , but the direction never crossed his mind .
tr	I	It was nearer evening than noon when we came down from the saddle into that secret valley , and we had started many hours later .
tr	O	Rationally he could hope for God 's attention ; but this trawling for a miracle seemed so merely desperate .
tr	O	She looks like she might be sick , and now I wish Gage were here to comfort her .
tr	I	Clay was glad the man didn 't quibble , didn 't try to insist , and Greg saluted him .
tr	I	That was when he heard a muffled sound above his head and he called out .
tr	I	She fought the urge to lean closer and when he moved past her she could smell the clean citrus scent of his aftershave .
tr	O	He has lent me his ear on many occasions , and I bet I have bent it .
tr	O	The area code was familiar but I couldn 't place it .
tr	I	Surprisingly she heard the backdoor open the minute she was done and she made breakfast for the both of them .
tr	O	A heavenly smell hit his nostrils and he realized she 'd been cooking .
tr	O	His anger was acute , and he needed to find the person responsible for taking Prudence away from him .
tr	I	I renounce my engagement to you , and I am engaged to him now .
tr	I	Hal understood and Realization kicked in .
tr	O	The car was upside down , but I was pinned underneath the back seat .
tr	O	I just got here and there are cops everywhere .
tr	O	That statement wasn 't entirely true , but it could work to his advantage .
tr	O	He had decided where their pursuers were , and he trusted his security .
tr	I	Sarah wasn 't backing down , but he questioned the wisdom of promising a rescue given the odds we were up against .
tr	I	He didn 't elaborate , but I raised an eyebrow .
tr	O	There was a thump against the door and he moved away a little like he hoped the man was opening it .
tr	O	She 's trying to tell me that whatever happened has to be no big deal , but I know the truth .
tr	I	Lucas was already gone , but I raised one hand in a farewell wave .
tr	O	He didn 't understand her reaction , but then the whole family seemed strange .
tr	I	It was very uncomfortable and one was sliding loose .
tr	O	Adam is on his feet and I 'm made of stone .
tr	O	He felt her hands come up to his chest , and for a moment he thought she would push him away .
tr	O	It smells good , really good , and I couldn 't be more delighted .
tr	I	She didn 't like it , and the man held her tightly .
tr	O	They 'd not even had sex , and yet she felt close to him .
tr	I	He looked peaceful enough , and I studied his face .
tr	I	There was something else in them , something more , but he turned slowly toward her , his eyes haunted .
tr	I	When I opened my eyes , no one was sitting at the stone table , and the image disappeared .
tr	O	She might be afraid , but she was no coward .
tr	I	It never stopped us , but when I was with Michael , he would get annoyed at how often we would text back in forth .
tr	I	He 's not dancing , but you whistle a tune .
tr	O	He could have stayed longer , but he felt an intense need to be on his own so he could think things through .
tr	O	Certainly she had Peter , but they still felt like they were abandoning her .
tr	O	He had overheard us , that much was obvious , and he gestured to my bag of personal items that sat beside Nevada .
tr	O	Not that Maggie could see their faces in the dark , but the water did a nice job of carrying their voices .
tr	I	His face burned red and his chest heaved .
tr	O	He came out and when she was shaking his hand he used both his huge hands to engulf hers .
tr	O	This was where they came to relax between raids , and this was where Achilles would be .
tr	O	More likely , Maddock had hoped that interdiction would be lifted , and he wanted to improve the castle before an official delegation arrived .
tr	I	They appeared to return the respect with loyalty , and he was also always respectful of their leaders .
tr	O	Adie was working and I noticed her eyeing me as I made the card .
tr	O	They were aware of the conditions in the Atlantic location and it seemed worse to them than their coffins on Ganymede .
tr	I	She didn 't want that man hunting her brother , and Logan Quinn scared her .
tr	I	I missed him already , and I felt sorry for him .
tr	I	He studied me , and his eyes narrowed .
tr	O	It was clean , and off we went .
tr	O	The lieutenant stood looking at him silently for several seconds and Sampson was about to repeat his demand when the lieutenant spoke .
tr	I	Josh walked back to me and the man nodded .
tr	I	She would never be able to find him , and it was too late now to join him .
tr	O	This was who he was , and he wasn 't changing himself to try to entice her .
tr	O	They left , and the drive back to where they had hidden the saucers seemed much further than it had when they were arriving .
tr	O	Scott clearly saw Christian , but his expression hadn 't changed .
tr	I	We even talk about Noah and we talk about the newspaper .
tr	O	The title was new , sloppily painted over the old , but the content was the same .
tr	O	I knew what this could mean to my sister , and I couldn 't hide my reaction .
tr	I	Then a small smile appeared on his face , and he seemed to think about what I said for a moment .
tr	I	It hadn 't happened , but I 'd braced myself for some terrible outcome .
tr	I	I go for the truck bed , with Fernando behind me , and Christina starts toward the truck cab .
tr	I	He sighed , and I looked back at Luke , wondering what was going on .
tr	O	* The girl turned off the mobile and Altaf nodded his satisfaction .
tr	O	She desperately tried to regain her balance , but it was a losing battle .
tr	I	I rolled my eyes , and pressed Ms. Psychotic relentlessly .
tr	O	She couldn 't help it , but you two knew better .
tr	O	She never paid attention to what day of the week it was , but Thursday with Mary Ann sounded interesting .
tr	O	The public debt hit one trillion dollars , and the American hostages in Iran were freed .
tr	O	The university provides some life insurance and she qualified for teachers ' retirement .
tr	O	A great wrong was done to her , and she gave back love .
tr	I	The books of the acolytes had been left behind and all of them were gone .
tr	I	He only caught a few words from the tour guide 's mouth , and James tried to crane his neck over the other kids ' ruckus .
tr	I	Her voice came out all soft and mom sighed .
tr	O	He expected the man would persist , but Albert hoped to be proven wrong .
tr	I	I was left alone with the eerie noises of the cargo settling into place after its journey and the voices disappeared .
tr	I	He said so , and Reuben was grateful .
tr	I	Now she had a grace that met her age , but she must have been stunning as a girl .
tr	O	Getting stinking drunk wouldn 't ease the ache in my heart , and it sure as hell wouldn 't make me feel better in the morning .
tr	I	The day I leave town she 's calling my parents and I haven 't even heard from her .
tr	O	They didn 't sound perfect , but it was a little better .
tr	I	He didn 't relinquish Zane 's mouth , and when Ty moved again , it was a steady rolling of his hips .
tr	O	The sun shone brightly but she could not see its individual globe .
tr	I	It paid off , and I took a chance .
tr	O	He laughed , and he left me there .
tr	O	A slow , unnerving smile twisted his lips , and it was like being hit with frigid air .
tr	O	I met my husband at school and we moved south .
tr	I	Zoe could only imagine the tension sitting upon them and Ryan rolled his shoulders .
tr	O	Theresa had expected some level of sight to return , but she still couldn 't see her hand in front of her face .
tr	O	Pinhead was waiting for the crew to return , but no one had .
tr	I	I heard the sound of windows cracking as the small rocks slammed into them and my aim was off .
tr	I	Most of his activities were , but it was a solitary occupation .
tr	I	Her expression seemed more earnest than his memory recollected , and her talking voice was different from her television voice .
tr	O	He thus proceeded , and bending his ear close to the ground , he listened attentively for several minutes .
tr	O	To have a family again , and this kiss only reminded her of what she didn 't have .
tr	O	I stared at him and I wanted to shout .
tr	I	He got nothing for it and that was his last nickel .
tr	O	Nevertheless , she came loping in my direction , but as she closed in on me , recognition kicked in .
tr	I	For a few brief seconds , I hoped the conversation was over , and James started to dive into his fries .
tr	I	I gave it a sad smile , and the sentinel wailed , beady red eyes glaring at me through the branches .
tr	O	His jaw was clenched and his handsome face was serious .
tr	O	I didn 't like the ruse , but I could think of no reason not to go .
tr	O	Accusations flew , that Martin Burke had been worked to death , and the papers wrote it as it was delivered .
tr	I	He took Claire 's arm , and they met Ethan at the bottom of the stairs .
tr	O	Cars were upturned and some still crackled with flames .
tr	I	We 're on the run and they think he 's silenced .
tr	I	The terror wouldn 't allow him to stop , but he 'd be punished .
tr	O	Only one horse remained and it wasn 't his .
tr	O	It was opulent , of course , but as she walked in , her eyes instantly filled with tears .
tr	O	I didn 't know where they had placed Sarah until she could be buried , and I didn 't want to know .
tr	I	I really don 't know you and I mean we did just meet .
tr	O	They are so gathered and as Mac finishes his recollections I stride into the room .
tr	O	The little girl is Cody 's age , and he just loves to play with her .
tr	I	I just think of myself as normal , but I know I am attractive to others .
tr	I	His partner still makes no move toward one , but apparently I merit an introduction from him now .
tr	O	I wasn 't going to say a word , not even to her , about their location , but their names were safe enough .
tr	I	There , also , was Kris and there was the stench , the wind .
tr	O	Anything goes beyond those parameters and you 'll be found out .
tr	I	The captain listened to him , despite what a risk it was , and he refused to switch .
tr	I	There will be suffering and there will be a sea of blood .
tr	O	The rain had let up , but the wind was still whipping .
tr	O	he asked , an incredulous tone in his voice , but something unspoken was in the tone .
tr	O	He tried hanging onto her garment , but it tore as she broke free .
tr	I	He dragged her closer so that he could give her more of everything she so desperately craved and her teeth nipped at his lower lip .
tr	O	Blake felt like he was standing on the edge of the slopes , and one step in the wrong direction would send him tumbling over the cliff .
tr	O	The stones fit perfectly , but rather than stacked , they were fitted together like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle , each block an irregular shape .
tr	O	Her beautiful violet eyes were vacant , and her hands hung limply at her sides .
tr	O	The boat had now completely filled up with water and some of the blood was washing away from the glass .
tr	I	I decided to take a second to steady my nerves and my hands were shaking from the sudden surge of adrenaline .
tr	O	Otherwise I 'd never know the truth , and I would 've wasted Chance 's time .
tr	O	Rejection never felt good , and he felt like an absolute cad that he had even given in for those briefest of moments .
tr	I	For now , they had to work together , but Painter thought this was a fair assessment .
tr	I	I will allow you time , but that I do not offer .
tr	I	Leslie laughed and he shook his arms out .
tr	I	He looked down at his ring again for some kind of sign and a hopeful suspicion lit him up .
tr	O	I want to ask if she slipped me something , but it 's not like anyone would believe me .
tr	O	Blue stared at Adam , and the horror in her face was the worst thing .
tr	I	She doesn 't deserve to be hated by her own family , but I know she 's made mistakes .
tr	O	After all , he told me to call him , but I still live by those stupid rules .
tr	O	I sat on the chair , and Trenton got his equipment ready .
tr	I	From past experience , her father hated Gaston , but she thought about talking with her father .
tr	O	It clicked over to voice mail again , and Ty left another message .
tr	O	The cover of darkness alone offers them surprise , and in those hours we will make ourselves most ready .
tr	I	Sean was staying behind in Maryland to attend the local university and I had accepted a partial scholarship to the University of Chicago .
tr	I	He was fourteen and she was twenty-four .
tr	I	I try anyway , but it feels impossible to explain .
tr	I	I wasn 't expecting it , but I can usually hold my own in a fight .
tr	O	She just wished she 'd been able to help Colin more , but maybe meeting with Joe would do the trick .
tr	I	He never said he had a daughter and one , I 'd known Mike my whole life .
tr	O	James 's expression is pained and he chews on his lip .
tr	O	Louise tried to hand me a tissue but I waved her away .
tr	O	That 'd happened maybe twice in two years , and both times hadn 't filled him with wariness .
tr	I	Somehow his team had it all wrong , but every possible scenario had been accounted for .
tr	I	I heard the crank roll the tape , and the adding machine buttons started clicking again .
tr	O	His gray eyebrows drew together and for the first time , she thought he looked terribly impressive .
tr	I	He insisted she be present to oversee the whole thing , but she tried to escape by citing Kennedy as the expert .
tr	I	I reach my hand out to him and the man walks through the living room .
tr	I	I 'm calling to report my results and I 've completed looking into that matter for you .
tr	O	Her innocent action was so erotic that the brothers were actually panting , and their bodies were heating up knowingly .
tr	I	I didn 't know , and my watch had stopped .
tr	I	I gasped in surprise and as I put my hand on the doorknob , it burst open .
tr	O	I had no doubt Aidan really texted Toby then , but it took Toby three songs to reach the roof , probably because he was three sheets .
tr	O	He was my past and he is my future .
tr	I	I began to sweat , and that earlier tension returned .
tr	I	I felt well rested and it was ten a.m. .
tr	I	Suddenly I recalled something that had crossed his mind earlier , but I had been brooding , shutting out Michael 's thoughts .
tr	I	There was nothing he could now , but he wanted desperately to reassure her .
tr	I	There was nothing there now except fresh air over the newly expanded void and I looked back to where I 'd last seen him .
tr	I	She passed it to me and someone handed Ashley a helmet .
tr	O	Robbie had not come down yet but they could hear his footsteps as he came down the main staircase .
tr	I	Soon , I was too lost to continue , but I traced my way through the dark city .
tr	O	We 'd left in evening , but heavy clouds had brought the night early .
tr	I	There was a palpable impatience in his voice , and muscles were already gathering beneath the smooth hide .
tr	O	Ty did open his eyes , but when he tried to sit up , his limbs wouldn 't cooperate .
tr	O	My mom is running a few minutes late , but she told me to let you in when you got here .
tr	I	She kept walking in the same direction , but she didn 't know where it came from .
tr	O	No words were spoken on the journey and it was a relief when the squad finally arrived at the camp .
tr	O	James looked up , finally , and the hostility in his eyes surprised me for some reason .
tr	O	Stillness suited the girl well , but not today as today was supposed to be an exciting day .
tr	O	Things would never be the same without him , but he couldn 't give in to him , not this time .
tr	I	He was sure that it had destroyed the entire base , and that blast was the biggest explosion that Speed had ever seen .
tr	I	She did make out a bloody bandage on his left hand , but she couldn 't see his face .
tr	I	He felt so foolish and his mouth was dry !
tr	I	It was still very much like a long-distance relationship , but their relationship had deepened over the last two months .
tr	I	Such was not the case , but Vicki had expected to be reluctant to hunt for prey , repulsed by the act of taking blood from another .
tr	O	She didn 't give a damn if they were raucous , and she resented being made to feel like an intruder .
tr	O	His dark teardrop eyes watched me and his hair looked like melted chocolate .
tr	O	Francesco let out a fake laugh , but Carl could see right through it .
tr	O	They never really talked to me about him and I had already been home for two days .
tr	O	While she was putting on her clothes reality started to set in and she knew help was already too late for Sherman .
tr	O	Our phones may be the same but I still think mine is better .
tr	O	It wasn 't a slow song , but clearly her patience in waiting for a slow song was starting to wear thin .
tr	I	He was too wounded to help , but Mistral crawled to us .
tr	O	When James had called him a pimp he 'd defended his own name , yet he was exactly what James accused .
tr	O	There had been no trace of him since the invasion , and he had been presumed dead .
tr	O	I had one month to have Sofia all to myself and I wasn 't going to trade that for the world .
tr	O	Prue wasn 't a stupid woman , and she saw through Henry 's act .
tr	I	It was time I let her and she needed to get this out .
tr	O	He pulls on a cord and the balloon stops rising , then slowly begins a descent back to earth .
tr	I	At first she simply let her voice float , wordless , along with the flowing melody , and she sang with a deep , rich alto .
tr	I	Even though we took a roundabout way , we made it across fairly quickly , and this valley was much smaller .
tr	O	The impact knocked me back and my spine hit the metal shelves .
tr	I	It will be just a moment , but you want to hurry to her .
tr	O	Amy remembered the name and it was not fondly .
tr	O	His words wedged in my throat like a cold , harsh truth , and I had trouble gulping them down .
tr	O	Chloe throws a blanket at me and I grab the pillow she threw at MacKenzie .
tr	O	I finish , and Clay pats the bag once , then claps me on the back .
tr	I	I had other talents , but No good at fighting .
tr	I	He did the same with his own , and I held my thoughts back from David .
tr	I	He refused ... but I begged him ... begged him to be fair with me ... to be honorable .
tr	I	They died and two cheerleaders were on an accident .
tr	O	Stacey may be boy crazy , but she wasn 't stupid .
tr	O	He hurled the useless gadget away in anger , and it landed on the grass with a thud .
tr	I	It urged me on , barely able to contain its thrill and it was almost as if my body understood what it was going to do .
tr	I	I cleared my throat before talking and my voice was louder that normal .
tr	I	There was magic in it , and as we descended the hill toward the tree line , a breeze blew toward us .
tr	O	His insides were strung as tight as a pulled rubber band , and he felt like he was drowning in his own black goo .
tr	I	Her strength wasn 't there , but she attempted to pull the chain free .
tr	O	Tears streamed down her face , torrents of salty water and although she began babbling immediately , she did not seem to really see me at all .
tr	I	He was pinned under the Frenchman , but Billy struggled .
tr	I	Craig had already gone bankrupt once and Todd was a whiz at money management .
tr	O	Avril turned to me and I shook my head .
tr	I	Still I stared at him and the sky started to lighten .
tr	O	I squirmed in my bindings , and the beefy Librarian pushed me down harder .
tr	O	It would be so much easier if they were the same , but life is hardly easy .
tr	I	Nancy at least lifted her face off Denver 's chest , and it half worked .
tr	I	I am certain it was not by flying ... But I see you somehow managed to get back here .
tr	I	If you don 't want to come , it wouldn 't be our loss but we are aware that you 're not into socializing with other people .
tr	O	Pulling my clip from my mass of hair , it fell down my back , and I shook it into position for good measure .
tr	I	She quickly dismissed it , but it sent a cold chill through her .
tr	O	He seemed distracted upon answering , and I got the feeling he was no longer at the justice center .
tr	I	He says he needs a few days to get it together , but anyway , I talked to Sam about lending me some cash .
tr	O	She tried to find the staircase back down to the entrance , but she was hopelessly lost .
tr	O	Tom wore simple clothes like other guys , but somehow he wore them differently .
tr	I	A warm , domestic feeling overwhelmed me , and I watched as she ran into the kitchen .
tr	O	She rubbed at her eyes , but her vision remained pure black .
tr	O	I searched his face , but nothing accompanied the warning .
tr	I	I was convenient , and the council needed a scapegoat though .
tr	O	Only a couple of people are around , and they pay no attention to us .
tr	O	He 's acting like he could care less that I 'm here and it 's making me want to go all the more .
tr	O	Too bad her assurances had failed her in the end , but maybe they would give Wren some way to prove Grayson guilty of this deed .
tr	I	It 's going to be overrun with refugees , and there 's only one base south of us .
tr	I	She had to resist Hannah 's attempt to make her anything else and Josie was her attorney .
tr	I	His choice of language wide-ranging , and his tone was scornful .
tr	O	Her nerves were shot , and her body was reacting to the stress .
tr	O	We 're on the third floor , but I always take the stairs .
tr	I	He doesn 't say anything but a cloud passes over his face .
tr	O	His own people would trust him more and his enemies would not even consider attack .
tr	O	The white-haired ones who liked to tell tales had been alive the longest , certainly , but no one thought of them as old .
tr	I	The sound of metal touching a whirring stone drowns out all chance of talk and Serena hands it over .
tr	O	Harlin leans in , and my heart races as he puts his palm on my cheek .
tr	O	He 'd had his hands all over her tonight , and there wasn 't a bit of flab on her .
tr	O	None are the same and I can 't really see them .
tr	I	He supposed the cigarette taste in Zane 's mouth would combat it , but Ty was ever conscious of the taste of liquor on his tongue .
tr	I	He 'd caused so much suffering , and he 'd only tried to help .
tr	I	I found that he made it difficult to think and he stared into my eyes .
tr	O	I opened my eyes and at first I couldn 't see anything clearly .
tr	I	She knew no one else was affected by it but it reminded her of Gabriel 's strange ability .
tr	I	My body responds to him , but it makes no sense .
tr	I	No one else appeared , but I looked behind me , then up ahead again .
tr	I	You weren 't to blame , and there was something healing in a handful of peers telling you that it was an accident .
tr	O	The girl 's desire was difficult to maneuver through and the effort to control Tara 's mind came at a high cost .
tr	O	Patch might not be my boyfriend , but he was still my guardian angel .
tr	I	Of course she had to go , but as wretched as Nell felt , another uncomfortable get-together with them was the last thing she wanted to do .
tr	O	He 'd been flagged , but it wasn 't obvious why he 'd need a wolf pup .
tr	O	Which is bull because I 've known that , but this takes it to a whole new level .
tr	O	This is just all too much for me to bear and it sucks .
tr	O	One was my bridesmaid dress , and I couldn 't wear that .
tr	I	He laughed softly and his fingers stopped .
tr	I	The new sign was going up with his corporate name on it and the old one was down .
tr	O	I dug my feet into the floor , trying to slow him down , but it was no use .
tr	O	It took me a moment to find my voice , and when I did , I couldn 't stop grinning .
tr	I	I am finding it quite adequate , but I hadn 't thought I would enjoy what humans call private investigating .
tr	I	The gray light of early morning slipped through the narrow gap , and the door of the closet stood slightly ajar .
tr	I	Skye didn 't care , but it was a lie .
tr	O	I shut the door behind me , but I didn 't go to my room .
tr	O	Grace would be devastated and Mom would kill me .
tr	O	She 'd promised to come back after the baby was born but she wasn 't prepared to actually be there for the event .
tr	I	The celestial spheres , but it 's not the Earth that Atlas holds .
tr	O	Such fancies might be improbable , but they made for an interesting tale .
tr	O	They cheered about Hunter getting back from the hospital and he humored them for a bit .
tr	O	The chair she was sitting on fell over and she fell to the floor beside the table .
tr	O	Steve didn 't answer her for a moment , and a sickening sense of dread filled her .
tr	I	There were tears pooling in her big green eyes , and Izzy was panting .
tr	O	The haunting drum beat and lyrics slithered though the venue as Pink Floyd 's tune Learn to Fly pressed the bass woofers to capacity .
tr	O	The Weeds had to be stopped and the gate had to be aligned .
tr	O	She was unemployed for less than a day , and already she sounded like a bored housewife .
tr	I	Maybe I was wrong , but I thought you were better than that , Carmine .
tr	I	She raised her hands , and fear shivered through her .
tr	I	The lift operator lowered it to the surface , and the SEALs pushed the Zodiac out the side hatch .
tr	I	I say nothing in response , but I blink back into the present .
tr	O	The hole that I punched in the wall hasn 't been fixed and I think about hammering my fist through it again .
tr	I	Tench motioned his friends to wait and heavy footsteps ran by the door .
tr	I	The suspect remained silent , but Detective Tom gave Daren a moment to comment .
tr	I	He lay completely motionless and his breath left his body in one rattling exhale .
tr	O	The Boulder was a piece of granite , brought down from the summit of nearby Mount Olympus , and it held more significance than any state trophy .
tr	O	Her head was at a strange angle , but she was still alive .
tr	I	Hell , I hadn 't minded the ride , had I , but I didn 't particularly like it ?
tr	I	The Husband spoke immediately to a guard , perhaps taking responsibility for the strange strangers , and everyone was calm , however .
tr	O	I followed Jericho into our room , and immediately we spread out .
tr	I	He gripped a handful of my shirt rather than making direct contact , but Felix was behind me .
tr	I	Pierce didn 't think it was busy enough for two men with horses to go unnoticed , but the street was busy .
tr	I	She hit the gas and the light turned green .
tr	O	Friday morning came again too soon and Steve watched as Lavina drove away .
tr	O	The prime minister was quaking and he nervously looked to his left at the fallen commanders .
tr	O	His hard , warm hand enclosed her fingers , and he pulled her closer even as he bent .
tr	O	The door opened , and Jillian rushed in .
tr	I	He grabs my wrist , but his eyes twinkle with a smile .
tr	I	The demon looked singularly focused , which was good , and I didn 't see any other fighting going on .
tr	O	It took me a minute to figure out what to use to get behind Stenger , but finally I just used the wall .
tr	O	She minded better but she was more set in her ways .
tr	I	I could make out lumps of furniture covered in pale sheets , but the lights were off .
tr	I	Clint told Edward what he 'd seen , and they returned to their mounts .
tr	O	Last night was a huge risk for me , but I 'd do it all again for her .
tr	I	It only led to what kind of looked like a tiny living room , but I automatically tensed when she opened it .
tr	O	I didn 't reply , but I let my eyes stray to him again , encouraging .
tr	I	He knew why , but Mann said dumbly .
tr	I	He treated her very well , and he did love her .
tr	I	I 'm lost for a minute and he sucks on his bottom lip .
tr	O	His beard rubbed my cheek and he laughed .
tr	O	Sometimes we 'd take her battered old Duster to town to do a little shopping , but mostly we kept to ourselves .
tr	O	He could see how reluctant she was to drop her hands , but she finally nodded .
tr	O	He holds out his arm and Nevermore hops over to him .
tr	O	All of that time she was right there in front of me , and I just assumed it was forever .
tr	I	Panic filled me , and something in my brain detonated .
tr	O	He stands rigid at attention next to Murphy , but his eyes go soft , lingering too long on her face .
tr	I	They had saved the city folk from several near disasters , and those burst appeared to be one of the few advantages afforded to the defenders .
tr	I	Gwen continued and they drank .
tr	O	I have called ... and you have come .
tr	O	Graham exited out of Google , and his phone returned to the main screen .
tr	O	They 'd always been reclusive , but now were almost driven underground .
tr	I	She shook her head , and her gaze became hooded .
tr	I	I heard her say she was sorry and she had climbed into my head once .
tr	I	I still hated that Jesse could have any warning whatsoever but I was certain the rushing water drowned out any noise on both sides .
tr	I	He groaned , increasing the power of each deliberate thrust , and my fingers curled into his back , gripping his skin .
tr	I	Serena can 't decide what they are , but she is sure Isadora has her own reasons for this particular punishment .
tr	O	Mab turned to him , and her gaze softened .
tr	O	Nic attempted to guide her back into the bar , but she didn 't want to go .
tr	O	You are too heroic and I knew you 'd never let me go if you knew .
tr	I	There was a girl on it , and there was a single bed in the room .
tr	I	The Americans won 't want to pay their passage and it is a long , long way to Tokyo .
tr	I	I 'm surprised to see Luke 's name flash on the screen and my phone goes off in my pocket .
tr	O	Little things can come in time , but the important things I already know .
tr	I	I tried to think of a reason to decline , and Steve offered me his arm .
tr	I	When I watched him with Larissa it made it hard but I wanted to hate him .
tr	O	Shane got into his car , and we headed home to pack .
tr	O	You owe me respect , and you owe me obedience .
tr	I	He wasn 't a Breeder either , but maybe he wasn 't a Hunter .
tr	O	Harvey said , but with a gentleness that surprised his brother .
tr	I	None of them wanted to leave her and they 'd bonded with Thimble .
tr	O	The shopkeepers were helpful , but no one knew anything .
tr	I	I sigh and the panic I see in her blue eyes does me in .
tr	I	To his surprise the gag slipped , and the Prince twisted his head violently .
tr	O	His mind was logical , but his traitorous heart stuttered from beat to beat .
tr	I	My nervousness eased a bit and as I took a seat , he smiled at me .
tr	O	She waited for the rest of the story , but he was clearly finished .
tr	I	He pulled me closer , and the next song began .
tr	I	I suddenly feel self-conscious , and Ethan watches me intently .
tr	I	I couldn 't see anything and my head dipped below .
tr	I	Then she left , and she grinned broadly , a beautiful smile .
tr	O	Several horsemen fell and their horses ran away in terror .
tr	I	Boy can he kiss , but normally , I 'd just say to heck with him .
tr	O	Anticipation sizzled , and I grinned .
tr	O	They 're afraid of you , and they hate you .
tr	I	She didn 't care about that , but sure , he had money .
tr	I	You love me and I love you .
tr	I	His anger was absolute and his grip on my arm was legendary .
tr	O	Oh , this guy thinks he 's so slick , but there 's more than one way to get answers .
tr	I	You 're somewhat baffled and I know that it sounds like an introduction to some sort of metaphysics course .
tr	O	Jo held the helicopter in a hover , but every second was a fight .
tr	I	He could only defend himself if they came near enough and if a dragon came to fight him , they could flame him from afar .
tr	O	It was Pico who 'd been arguing with Vitale , and the caviar remained where it had been .
tr	I	I need him , and he 's going to leave me .
tr	O	He gently placed me on the bed and I scooted down , finding the edge with my foot the way I always did .
tr	O	My mortality looms every day , and every second I draw breath is one step closer to being six feet under .
tr	O	Love had passed a restless night and he 'd forgotten to get coffee .
tr	I	In seconds only a pile of sand remains where he once stood and pulling a weapon from behind his back , he bashes his own head .
tr	O	It doesn 't seem as impersonal as I thought it would be , and it 's cleaner , too .
tr	O	She could feel a traitorous burn in her cheeks , but the words just wouldn 't come to save her .
tr	I	I think she was worried that their affair had started back up , but Belle only had to put up with her every so often .
tr	O	I wanted to ask him how he discovered that I was human but he released me from the hug .
tr	I	I don 't like being alone now , but I don 't know why .
tr	I	I turned , swallowing , and Del dropped my hand .
tr	I	I wanted to roar with pleasure that I 'd put that look there , and she looked dazed .
tr	I	She smiled and I held up the marker .
tr	I	That beep could mean something important had just happened , but I seriously thought about ignoring it .
tr	I	She 'll probably get off but I figure she did it .
tr	O	Chase slid into her , and she moaned , writhing back against him .
tr	I	Tattoos crawled across his wiry forearms , and a tiny hoop pierced one ear .
tr	I	I can 't will myself closer to the deeper , harsher stage of reality that I have yet to face and I 'm ten feet away .
tr	O	There are no easy answers for this , and you don 't have to decide today .
tr	O	Old Mildred McCutcheon had finally died and the estate executor was liquidating assets .
tr	I	Ryder always loved doing the unexpected , but he 'd expected Ryder to return by dawn .
tr	O	I make to open the envelope , but he shakes his head .
tr	O	The plastic snaps off , and I think I understand .
tr	O	A thrill went through me at his words , and I stepped back into the warm circle of his arms .
tr	I	I needed to do this , but I worried about that too .
tr	I	People saw what seemed to be three little children clawing for their lives in an attempt to hold on , and heads immediately whipped in our direction .
tr	I	Derek hadn 't stopped ignoring Lucas and Lucas hadn 't stopped scowling at Derek .
tr	O	I don ´ t know why but I do .
tr	I	The next appointment would rectify that problem , but it was too early for an ultrasound .
tr	I	This was one of them and some truths were just too horrible to be revealed .
tr	O	She didn 't know how to answer that question , but she certainly wasn 't fine .
tr	O	Half human , half Fae could look human , but their eyes were just as cold .
tr	O	He pushed hard against the counter , and the counter didn 't move .
tr	I	Their bodies were both burning up , and Blake collapsed against her .
tr	I	He kissed me hard and I nodded again .
tr	I	Helen , assured of the miracle , now refused any nursing ; but strictly speaking , of course , Marjorie was NASA 's employee .
tr	I	He looked a bit uncomfortable with me being around , but he actually remembered me from high school .
tr	O	Trish had accused me of being ashamed of Stryker , but it wasn 't true .
tr	O	I 'd never heard of her before your article , and that 's what certain people in that department wanted .
tr	I	Troy couldn 't make himself do it , but he knew he should take the hint .
tr	O	Daniel withdrew from her , and she couldn 't stop the whimper from leaving her lips .
tr	O	You can kill them , but it won 't be easy .
tr	I	He didn 't disguise the fear crawling in his gut and her gaze captured his .
tr	I	We hadn 't - but everyone froze , wondering if we 'd all just imagined the sound .
tr	I	The gate crashed shut and the tiger lunged .
tr	I	The tide slapped against her ankles and Gia picked up Daisy 's leash .
tr	O	Everyone now chipped in with their views , and the conversation became general .
tr	I	I texted her anyway , desperate for her to know I needed her , but I didn 't know if she 'd ever get my message .
tr	I	I only want you to be happy from now on and you 've had far too much sadness in your life .
tr	I	He had fallen asleep , but she started to answer .
tr	I	She shook hands with him gravely and Mouse came over to greet her .
tr	O	He saw the Outcast 's faces and he remembered his mother 's word .
tr	I	I can 't be whole again until I find it , and I feel like there 's a piece of me missing .
tr	O	Paul stepped in front of her and she ran into his hard body .
tr	O	Stubbs yelped , grabbed at it , and Grey let him have it , rising unsteadily off the man .
tr	I	He 's likely to call the cops , but I have no problem pushing past him .
tr	O	It would be a challenge , but she was up to it .
tr	I	Guilt washed through me and he laughed softly .
tr	O	She was wearing a chainmail shirt , shoulder guards , shin guards , and she had two short swords latched to her belt .
tr	I	What she 'd accumulated in that length of time was staggering and she 'd lived in this rental house for almost twelve years .
tr	I	I woke up with my stomach knotted with nerves and Chapter 8 The next morning was the first day of classes .
tr	O	She 'd known he 'd had it for a lot of years but she never imagined it was this crippling .
tr	I	Bullets whizzed by our heads and shots rang out .
tr	O	Neither man was dead , but they 'd bleed out soon enough .
tr	O	The McGill had chosen not to answer him , and Pinhead was wise enough not to ask again .
tr	O	A muscle twitched in Manuel 's jaw , and Preston prayed to God Max wouldn 't come running down the hall .
tr	I	Kiara did not want to go out , but Jake offered to go together for dinner .
tr	O	It was four in the afternoon and they 'd slept most of the day .
tr	O	Max tried to utter a few words , but they were little more than a whisper .
tr	I	He was ... so much more but yes , he was a fool .
tr	I	The sudden jerk had robbed his sense of balance , but he instinctively tightened his grip on the inside door handle .
tr	O	I close my eyes against the sight of rectangles of light passing by overhead , and I relax against the mattress of the gurney .
tr	O	He stared at her , confused , and then he realized she was right .
tr	I	I whipped my left arm around , and my body continued to twist to the right .
tr	I	He was too , but he saw she was scared .
tr	O	His ability to sense my arousal through the phone was uncanny , and I briefly wondered if he could also read my mind .
tr	O	She seemed different than she had at the Panda Garden , as if she had a secret identity and this was it .
tr	O	Fletcher quizzed me about Vaughn the rest of the ride home , but he seemed satisfied with my answers .
tr	I	He had a feeling this was one of them and there were some questions that were better left unanswered .
tr	I	She turned to look , and Haven saw one child pointing back toward the airport .
tr	O	My office phone rang , and after inspecting a calculated value on my screen for veracity , I lifted the receiver to my ear .
tr	O	The silhouette shifted , bleeding shadows like ink underwater , and then Carl was wearing a tuxedo .
tr	I	I glared at him and Noah made a face .
tr	O	The boots gave her extra height , but he still had to bend down to kiss her .
tr	I	There was something different about this time but I 'd felt this before , of course , many times .
tr	O	A stray rifle blasts hit the side of the rocket launcher and the control panel suddenly went blank .
tr	O	I was almost at the door and Zena was almost ready to go when my mother arrived .
tr	I	I nodded , and the Colonel looked over at me curiously .
tr	O	She viewed me as different , and I wanted to be .
tr	O	There are tons of sweaty men out there but we 're focused on only one .
tr	O	Her smile was like a drug , and the brush of her fingers on my forehead felt like the touch of an angel .
tr	I	He was certain he had seen WISH spelled by the lightning outside , but he was probably quite drunk at the time .
tr	O	That had been my first impression , but now it just stuck .
tr	O	I don 't look up until I 'm facing the door and he 's to my left .
tr	O	That one was better , but I held my tongue .
tr	I	His voice had become nearer and he heard his father talking .
tr	O	His words plucked a chord in her , and her world exploded into a million pieces .
tr	O	Together they kicked the portal in unison , and it flew open with a thunderous crack .
tr	I	It turned to look at the cowering people but his head was without a face .
tr	I	He almost looked like his old self again and his color had returned after eating the meat .
tr	I	It was too late for that , but I tried to do damage control .
tr	O	It passed down to join the others in his stomach , which growled its gratitude , and Ryan finally felt himself again .
tr	I	She gasps , and mom 's shaking hand moves to her mouth .
tr	I	I knew that I had to interrupt them and I swear I thought that Alec was going to take a swing at Zack .
tr	O	I don 't care about the rest and you know it .
tr	I	Even I was surprised at how quickly I caught on , but he expected me to suck at it .
tr	I	It lasted a while before Paul was able to collect his thoughts , but I wasn 't sure who was looking at the other with more doubt .
tr	I	The Green Fae have disappeared and their spawn have been destroyed .
tr	O	A week passes , and I decide that enough is enough .
tr	I	The most heated , savage pair belonged to Preston , but all eyes zeroed in on me .
tr	O	The thought made her blush , but there it was .
tr	O	He couldn 't see the pickup , but he could hear it starting up .
tr	I	There was something about it that reminded her of home , but the town may not look a lot like hers had .
tr	I	I nearly dropped it trying to get it to my ear , and my cell phone rang .
tr	O	I was able to reach out to it , and it responded by pushing energy toward me .
tr	I	Zinnia quickly grabbed a hold of my arm , but I was about to do the same thing .
tr	O	Mickey was a marvelous creature , and I had great respect for her .
tr	I	Now she wouldn 't have to hike up four flights of stairs every afternoon , and First Nolan had actually invited her out on a date .
tr	I	He did not care , but he knew he was probably turning red .
tr	I	I didn 't need to think about it anymore and he didn 't need to know .
tr	O	Will 's dark brows knitted behind his sunglasses , and that worry line appeared .
tr	O	She didn 't know what the meaning of it was , but she knew that it was more than just a dream .
tr	I	His eyes were now resting somewhere near my navel and the color had drained from his face .
tr	I	He didn 't seem happy with her greeting , but she tried to make her gaping mouth form a smile .
tr	I	Shawn was again filled with the connectedness he 'd thought about earlier , and the crowd quieted .
tr	I	His chest felt as though a stone had rolled on top of it and Red lights popped behind his eyes .
tr	I	She opened her mouth to say something , and a flicker of curiosity lit her eyes .
tr	O	Normally she would have been talking nonstop , but this morning she sat in total silence .
tr	I	She held off , but her palms itched to draw the blades sheathed across her back .
tr	O	I was up there in time , but she was still scared to do it .
tr	O	My head lowers and our eyes meet .
tr	I	Not before I saw a tear fall from her eye , but Nila walked away .
tr	O	Her scent draws the poison from me and I drift to sleep wrapped in her sweet embrace .
tr	I	Ryder made his way across the room , but each step was brutal .
tr	O	Roth dipped his head again , and when he spoke , his breath was warm against my ear .
tr	I	The sheriff helped them on board and they went back to the coach .
tr	I	No one answered , but Jenny called out .
tr	I	He didn 't move and I cleared my throat .
tr	I	We can go around those , but there are a few hills .
tr	O	I am a sinner saved by grace , and I understand the temptations of this world .
tr	I	She hadn 't extinguished their entire force , but the raging Mother had done an admirable job .
tr	O	He 's so good-looking , confident , well spoken , but he was so perceptive during the ride from Toronto .
tr	I	Her mother looked over as she came in , but Josh sat with his back toward the doorway .
tr	O	They never listen , and then what happens ?
tr	I	They fell over dead from a shot to the neck that seemed to have disintegrated the bones in his neck and I fired at one of them .
tr	I	She kicked them away as she steadied herself , but she nearly tripped on a pile of clothes .
tr	O	Adam grew up at Timber Bay , and he knew the surrounding forest well .
tr	I	I figured he gave me no choice , but I really hated to do it .
tr	I	There were tears in her eyes and Lucky gave me a weak smile .
tr	I	It felt invigorating but she probably shouldn 't come here so often .
tr	O	I heard her walking toward me and I shuddered .
tr	I	Nobody answered , but I went there , knocked on the door .
tr	O	I wait to see if Dham follows them out , but there 's no sign of him .
tr	O	They watched the bumps reach the spot they 'd fled from just earlier and Beth felt everyone tense .
tr	O	Two little arms lifted in the air and I reached down to pick her up .
tr	I	Now , here she was again but he thought he 'd escaped her .
tr	O	Now there was tape over her mouth , and her eyes were crazed .
tr	I	Justin now understood why she had wanted to discuss it privately , away from the office , and it was a complicated matter .
tr	I	Something about the way her lips twitch tells me otherwise , but she blinks up as if she has no idea what I 'm talking about .
tr	I	You just want to be pissed at the world , and it 's obvious you 're not hurting for money .
tr	I	The carriers would be fifteen times the size of a cruiser and the cruisers were roughly six times the size of the frigates .
tr	I	I closed my eyes , and my body instantly relaxed .
tr	O	Fear was an incredible emotion , and now that he felt it , he knew it was for those he loved rather than for himself .
tr	O	She finished washing her face , and as she reached for a paper towel , she glanced in the mirror .
tr	I	It had gotten snagged in people 's hair more times than that , and she 'd almost cut the chain twice last week .
tr	I	The experienced investigator was Jack , and this job was my first step .
tr	O	His eyes opened , and he wiped at his brow .
tr	I	She sits down on the other side of me and he sits down in the sidewalk next to me .
tr	O	Seeing the trees scared Teddy for a minute , but his dad being there made him feel safe .
tr	I	Another hooded figure stood in the doorway and the door opened .
tr	O	I heard voices , but above all , I heard Lina .
tr	I	I changed my password immediately and I was able to login .
tr	O	James hadn 't mentioned the kiss , and I hadn 't gotten any more letters .
tr	O	She always spent a few minutes mediating before beginning her exercises and new people would just throw off her attention .
tr	O	She 'd never thought telling the truth would make her feel safe , yet it did .
tr	I	I have no idea how to fix things and Everything is such a huge mess right now !
tr	I	Although I learned to accept them , not everything looked good on these hips and I was blessed with curves .
tr	I	He almost crashed again , and David 's legs slipped from the pedals .
tr	I	It grew on him , but he didn 't really like it at first .
tr	I	My hair slid over my shoulders , shielding the room for a moment , and my head hung from my neck like a wet noodle .
tr	O	I was scared yesterday , and my wrist got bruised .
tr	O	I can 't kill you , but that doesn 't mean I can 't make you regret crossing me .
tr	O	My daughter saw the boy , but he was blocked from me .
tr	O	He was okay with staring , but joking was a killing offense .
tr	I	I knew that it wasn 't a theatrical sigh , and he sighed .
tr	O	He made a show about being disinterested in her return , but she could see his eyes focused on the gold key .
tr	I	I had nothing , but I wanted to say something funny , to alleviate the tension that electrified the air around us .
tr	O	He 's alive for one , but then his facial features are also different .
tr	O	They popped up down by the crick , and I picked them late this afternoon .
tr	I	This woman was so short she was as wide as she was tall , but I am tall so lots of people are short in my opinion .
tr	O	They could smell death coming and they watched with anticipation as the two Nomads passed them by .
tr	I	I had no desire to eat it , but our food arrived .
tr	I	He 's squeezing me , burying his head in my neck and his shoulders are trembling .
tr	I	Her eyelid drooped , and she smiled again .
tr	I	It definitely happened , but it happened slowly , almost imperceptibly .
tr	O	All those fears I had about keeping secrets from him , and Lucas was playing me for a fool every single time we kissed .
tr	O	He had been brought to this cross roads and it had lasted several months , now he would take the narrow road .
tr	O	Their lives were intertwined even before they met , and if Carlene tells him the truth , she 'll risk tearing them apart -- for good .
tr	I	His next move was very critical and he was running out of time .
tr	O	It takes yet another hour to get to the Guardian checkpoint , and I 'm shocked to discover that our group is the largest .
tr	I	Leah had to make sure Professor was following them , and Kenny made sure to keep his distance from Blake .
tr	I	She was right , but he had warmed to her .
tr	O	T.J. 's brows pulled together as he looked at me , but he spoke to Trenton .
tr	I	She let go and I nodded slightly .
tr	I	He screamed and his eyes flashed blue .
tr	I	She looks angry and when I wake up in the morning Tia is staring at me .
tr	O	The spears flight was true and it pierced its target right through the heart .
tr	O	Luncheon would be served shortly and that seemed to be the only time lately when she had a few moments of his charming discourse .
tr	I	It never worked like that for me , but I 'd have given a lot to hear what they were saying .
tr	O	Elise heard Gideon 's voice , but it was far , far away .
tr	I	I was definitely going nowhere and his hands went up my shirt to my bare ass , his fingers curving in to hold me to him .
tr	O	The elevator dinged and the doors opened .
tr	I	It went wide , up in the air as he toppled back , but he got a shot off as he fell .
tr	O	Her glowing eyes lock onto mine , and an invisible inferno ignites around us .
tr	O	She made a comment , and he smiled at her .
tr	O	It 's still sore , but it should be back to normal in a few days .
tr	I	I 'm the one who chose not to terminate this pregnancy , and I 'm the one who inadvertently had unprotected sex with him .
tr	O	It had been for selfish reasons , because I wanted to be sure he didn 't just take off , but here I was leaving him alone .
tr	I	He 's using the same moron to come after me and he had my father killed .
tr	I	It means getting into a barrage of attacks , but you may have to rush in to get at your best range .
tr	O	Hart had pulled off his paper crown , but he bent over the patterns as eagerly .
tr	I	She didn 't even notice how we stepped apart quickly and her face was red with tears .
tr	O	I didn 't trust anyone and I cared about fewer .
tr	O	She planted the seed and I nurtured it for her , never suspecting the truth .
tr	O	Most basements were , and this was Morganville .
tr	I	His hands could almost reach from one wall to the other over the sink , and the bathroom was not large .
tr	O	That was all he said , and I was left alone in the hall , my mind buzzing , my skin tingling .
tr	I	Riva cooked an extensive breakfast , and we returned to our den .
tr	I	He found himself wanting to sneak up behind her , and her hips swung slightly to the beat of the music .
tr	I	It felt as if someone had chopped off his right arm , and his wife of twenty-four years had died .
tr	I	She had always remained aloof from him , even during their many quiet talks together , but Antonietta might flirt with him from a distance .
tr	O	he held up his hand and I didn 't leave him hanging .
tr	I	The community celebrates that , and people come together to accomplish this objective .
tr	O	Johnnie was ready to rush in there , but Bobcat continued to hold him still .
tr	I	He didn 't like the feeling one little bit and Byron felt as if he were under a microscope .
tr	O	Then Emily helped her to put on subtle , but glowing makeup .
tr	O	She cried out at the pain that burned through her hip , and Marcus was instantly at her side .
tr	O	Your daughter has been having a really hard time emotionally , and it has everything to do with the both of you .
tr	O	The next day , I hadn 't slept properly , and my brain felt like it had gone on sabbatical .
tr	O	She was gorgeous , but that wasn 't it .
tr	I	She moved restlessly , fighting nightmares and her head lay on his stomach .
tr	O	This is my territory and he knows that .
tr	I	She sagged against her bonds , and Thane removed the blade .
tr	O	Jace reached for her , but her fingers had already closed around the knob .
tr	I	As the dawn arrived , a healthy seven pound baby boy was delivered , lustily crying for his mother 's milk , but the labor was long .
tr	I	The heat is just all-consuming and we have a few weeks left of school .
tr	O	Vin had assumed that they were too packed to move , but apparently she was wrong .
tr	O	He trips with purposeful clumsiness , showing off for the mare , and I wiggle his reins to remind him that I 'm here .
tr	O	There was a circle drawn on the wall in red marker , like it had been around something important , but I couldn 't remember what .
tr	O	She hated these moments , but she would not let it show .
tr	O	At first he thought her hair was gray like his grandma 's , but that wasn 't right .
tr	O	They stayed put but the pain in my chest was unbearable .
tr	I	No one spoke much as they watched the storm , and the poor luck seemed to dampen everyone 's spirits .
tr	O	His waist was garnished with a belt of human skulls , and his arms were draped in tight nets of gold links .
tr	O	I would have done it for free , but she insisted on paying for the travel expenses .
tr	O	He was tempted to run to meet her , but he made himself wait .
tr	I	James kept his eyes on the buttons to keep himself focused , and they took the elevator to the third floor .
tr	O	Her hands knotted into fists , and tears blurred her eyes again .
tr	O	I 'm not a fighter , but you are .
tr	I	He stepped closer , needing to touch her and he kept a respectable distance until they rounded a corner into an empty hallway .
tr	I	His head was hurting by mid-afternoon and this might take some time .
tr	O	She didn 't like the bargain her parents offered her , but she would have to make it work .
tr	I	Then she 'd eat , and she 'd clean up .
tr	O	They threw dust at her and she appeared to burn .
tr	I	They were certainly wise to admit their strengths , but no kings could admit their weaknesses .
tr	O	If it was Lawrence , he would simply call me , and I have his number programmed into my phone anyway .
tr	O	He faced the tunnels before us , and I the one we had just come through .
tr	I	In his mind he knew this it was but it was hard to believe that this was all an accidental act of nature .
tr	I	He 's acting like he can 't stand the man and he 's never met Uncle Harry before .
tr	I	I wouldn 't be blocking anyone because no one was allowed to enter , and the sign was clear .
tr	O	* * * Stephanie went aboard the Tempest without being noticed and looked around her in amazement .
tr	I	His breaths are labored , and part of his chest is concave , as if he had been hit by a large rock .
tr	O	One more day goes by and he takes back his charges , only to make a deal with Morgan .
tr	I	There were goose feathers from one end of the room to the other and Luis had ripped pillows open .
tr	I	Iona caught on a second later , and Eric understood their connection as soon as he looked at Deni .
tr	I	Which has several agents stationed in America , and RAW is India 's counterpart to the US 's CIA .
tr	O	Cold air blasted around my face , but before I had time to think , he pulled me as we dashed through the dark backyard .
tr	I	Neither moved , yet only inches separated them .
tr	I	I 'm pretty sure my head is ready to spin off my shoulders and my jaw is clicking .
tr	O	Turning around , I saw the gun in her hands , and the gun was pointed at the center of my thick forehead .
tr	O	He turned , looking very tired , and I tapped his shoulder in encouragement .
tr	I	They couldn 't run and he thought they were doomed because they couldn 't fight .
tr	O	I turn to look at the blanket and a laugh escapes my mouth at the sight .
tr	I	She sighed and I shook my head .
tr	O	He 'd thought she 'd been playing him , but enjoying him with every fiber of her voluptuous body while at it .
tr	I	I was so careful , and she was so fearless , so bold .
tr	I	She 's ugly now and maybe you 're lying to me .
tr	I	I belted on my katana , and Jeff helped me out of the car .
tr	I	Even in the dusky light , Talon saw the queer look in the boy 's eyes , and Gray noticed him first .
tr	I	There was more blood , and they fell to the ground , kicking .
tr	I	A partly collapsed deck wrapped around the bottom , and a crooked gray stone chimney topped the roof .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure what it was , but there was way out of this mess .
tr	O	Ross said that perhaps the people were small , or perhaps the cells were intentionally small for punishment .
tr	I	I 'd have to lose more money by hiring a lawyer and knowing Jessie 's family , they 'd push him for full custody .
tr	I	Michael had quickly apologized , and even Mona had felt negligent .
tr	O	He had it in his hand but James Dean stepped down on it .
tr	O	She didn 't want to be near the woman , but she had given her the pass .
tr	O	My body was in a frenzy and an orgasm was coming .
tr	I	I 'm stuck with a bum leg , and all we have now is your sword .
tr	O	I tried to imagine Graham there in his place , but I couldn 't .
tr	I	Her breathing regulated again and her tight shoulder muscles relaxed .
tr	O	He 's not expected to handle a great load of state business , and he 's not greedy for power .
tr	I	She practically ran through Ryan on her way to embrace the figure emerging from the water , and cried Daisy .
tr	I	It was like she knew , but I tried to stay awake .
tr	I	Sheen was sitting beside an unconscious Libby , and Carl was listening intently .
tr	I	A second hit came on his back , but Ranma tried to block from that direction .
tr	I	She wasn 't there , but she was there .
tr	I	He doesn 't know Him but I told him about Jesus .
tr	I	What if the neighbors heard him banging on the door , But she would simply refuse to answer the door when he arrived ?
tr	I	She let it pass , but actually , Charlotte had been talking to Paul .
tr	O	I had stayed in a massive hotel before , but this place was something else .
tr	O	She felt arms tightening around her and she smiled as she pretended she was with Alec .
tr	O	I was the beginning and he was the end .
tr	O	She held Kevin as he moved a final time , as he groaned and she felt the ripples deep inside her .
tr	O	We don 't mistreat you and we provide everything you need .
tr	O	I think he 's going to assault me , but his face stops an inch away from mine .
tr	O	Adan took up his reins , ready to flee , but the unicorn stood as if rooted to the earth .
tr	I	She 'd get better with practice , but Carpentry wasn 't her strong suit .
tr	O	They had managed to evade Santa Anna 's army for more than a month , but now it was all coming down to the end game .
tr	O	Light of head , and confused .
tr	I	I doubt he sees it , but I shake my head .
tr	I	He clamped it down , but Desire rippled through him .
tr	O	His concentration had slipped away from me , and my old wounds were closed , as if by ... magic .
tr	O	Dad jolts up and pounds the table .
tr	O	The snow 's cold , of course , but the outside air is much colder .
tr	O	He was trying to be coy , but it wasn 't coming across well .
tr	O	There is a split second , where his eyes widen , almost with shock , and his face splits open in a grin -- then laughter .
tr	I	She was breathing quickly and Meredith 's face was white .
tr	I	His shoulders relax and Isaac lets out a sigh .
tr	O	She did understand , and the thought filled her with panic .
tr	I	The wind chimes tapped against one another , and I climbed up the scuffed wooden steps .
tr	I	Now I 'm crying , crying in front of her , and Kira 's seen my mom try to beat me up , cleaned up her vomit .
tr	I	I looked at everyone standing behind me with wide eyes and pure panic took over .
tr	O	I knew I sounded pathetic , but I couldn 't help myself .
tr	I	He kept his face neutral , but her stomach growled on cue .
tr	O	I want a family and I want it with the woman I love .
tr	O	It made her move restlessly but she stopped when Damen growled .
tr	I	You seem to be taking this news surprisingly well , but shoot , I was planning on being the one to give you this pep talk .
tr	O	He let go and I fell backward .
tr	I	He held her close to try to warm her up , and she was as cold as the inside of the icebox .
tr	O	I was shocked when he got into my car , and I didn 't know what to say to him .
tr	I	It added a whole new dimension , and the feeling of oneness , the sense of closeness , had been totally unexpected .
tr	I	He let her go and she pulled free of his grasp .
tr	O	Mitch opened the bedroom door , and Abby bolted upright in horror .
tr	I	In all reality , he was most likely dead , and nobody had heard from him since .
tr	O	I wanted to say something , but I felt like I had no breath at all .
tr	O	There was a knock on the door , and the bailiff peered into the room .
tr	I	His body relaxed and a smile appeared on his face .
tr	O	He trembled now and his color looked really bad .
tr	I	She hadn 't wanted to be with him anymore , and the love she had felt for him had faded .
tr	O	If a fairy sat there it would support their back , but it would be as if their wings weren 't there .
tr	O	I love seeing you together , and your friends are awesome .
tr	I	His bones ached ; and he felt old .
tr	I	I can always hire more minions and your blood will suffice in their stead .
tr	O	Don 't know what 's up with that , and I don 't freaking care .
tr	I	You will be okay and get there .
tr	O	She tried not to look at the women that were sadly shaking their heads , but she couldn 't stop them staring at her .
tr	I	It was over , and there was one last hideous scream .
tr	I	The device in the battery compartment was clearly not a battery and it was easy to identify since I knew what a battery looked like .
tr	O	You didn 't like it and that 's normal .
tr	O	He tried reaching for up for the radio in the cab , but he couldn 't get his body to work anymore .
tr	O	She patted the bed beside her and I changed seats as requested .
tr	O	They 'll figure it out , and they 'll come find you .
tr	I	They had not been as effective on pinpointing area Q but Soldado 's divining rods had been right about area H .
tr	O	She held her hand out to Tommy and he shook it .
tr	O	Anger flushed the blush away , and it took all I had to compose myself .
tr	I	Handholds lined the narrow passage between the cabins , but the voyager had artificial gravity .
tr	O	I didn 't know what I expected to find , but my concerns about the place were unfounded .
tr	I	Grant jumped up from his spot on the couch and I stood up .
tr	I	With his help , I push onto the other shore , but it rushes at my legs , trying to topple me .
tr	I	She knew that her face was flaming with color but Kate didn 't respond .
tr	O	It was quite a place , and it didn 't have the feel of even an upscale hotel .
tr	I	I can tell that she 's nervous , and her words come out in a rush .
tr	I	Flattery didn 't pay him for information , but his information was better than Flattery 's .
tr	I	I pulled her into my arms and her light tears turned into sobbing .
tr	O	The inner panelling meshed together with little overlap and it gave the surface a mirror-like smoothness .
tr	O	The pain had faded , but she could feel it waiting , perched at the outer edge of her brain biding its time .
tr	I	That was going to be a hard habit to break , and he 'd charmed her .
tr	I	We were silent for a minute and Victor had sat down at the table .
tr	O	It had been more of a lecture than a real conversation , and I always found it rather difficult to pay attention during lectures .
tr	I	There are some girls around , but the crowd is predominantly male .
tr	O	They were calling it the Battle of Trafalgar , and nearly 450 British sailors had died .
tr	O	Their father had trained them in the way of the samurai and it had become their way of life .
tr	I	Somehow he managed to keep his distance , but the battle was frantic .
tr	I	He knew he 'd have to lower his body to the ground soon , and his legs were weakening every second .
tr	I	That 's not a good thing and unfortunately lies make the world go round .
tr	O	Step out of line , and it could be me facing the swift justice of a fury 's blow .
tr	I	She was the maid of honor and he was the best man .
tr	I	They appeared to be swaying to a song I couldn 't hear , and their eyes were closed .
tr	I	Her hands were trapped against her sides by her blouse , but she couldn 't think past her desire to touch him .
tr	O	He found redheads to be aggressive , which he normally loved , but this time his ego needed a long , luscious stroke .
tr	O	Her chest heaved a little and he noticed .
tr	I	He knew the shortest route they should take , and he knew all of the trees , of course .
tr	O	A wide smile appeared , and she grew even more gorgeous .
tr	I	There , standing at the bottom , was a man who I surmised was a security guard and we went down the stairs .
tr	I	I laid the gun down beside me , and the first of several patrol cars pulled into the driveway .
tr	I	His demeanor turned to stone and Soren stopped .
tr	I	Aunt Tabby made him sit down next to her , and Uncle Drac shuffled in past Edmund .
tr	I	Maddie comes bursting in in an explosion of fiery hair , and our dorm door opens , snapping me out of my inner musings .
tr	I	The room silenced and Drew stood up .
tr	O	Ada smiled , and it was a real smile .
tr	O	Maybe he didn 't blame me , but I was at least partially responsible .
tr	I	Ashley pretended not to notice the flutter in her stomach as he guided her along , and he took her arm gently .
tr	I	I hope you will not hold it against me when you think of me in the future and you now know of my female nature .
tr	I	He wouldn 't have passed up a night with Jackie , but he might have canceled a meet-up with Scotty 's friend .
tr	O	There were bandages on it to cover the burns , but it didn 't hurt .
tr	O	The water felt really good , and my tension was slowly releasing .
tr	O	Not her fault , but it still happened .
tr	O	Loneliness surely makes one think , but it hardly lets one fly .
tr	I	Possibly going in circles and I was definitely lost .
tr	O	I don 't know how his eyes were able to express this , but they did .
tr	O	One of his party hastily fetched a chair from the table for him and he sat down heavily .
tr	O	She 'd seen him yesterday afternoon , but she 'd been a basket case .
tr	O	These vampires clearly had no concern for their own well-being , and they knew if they attacked together , she couldn 't take them all .
tr	O	She was not sure , but she certainly saw a couple of older men shaking their head as if she had disappointed them .
tr	O	She got up from the booth and they slowly walked towards the exit .
tr	I	He smiled to himself and Finn could smell the boy 's fear .
tr	O	I could hear her walking across the room , and I sensed her standing in front of me .
tr	I	She shrugged out of it to bare herself to him , and it was free in a moment .
tr	I	None of it showed in his features , but there was anger .
tr	O	Lorena continued to scream , but her words were indecipherable .
tr	I	We both were satisfied , and finally she let me have it at cost .
tr	O	He was velvet over iron , perfection over perfection , and he smelled so good , all that sunshine reminding her of summer .
tr	I	Emma knew she was thinking of her own father , and Helen said quietly .
tr	O	She didn 't know my true purpose for being here , but she was going to get me inside Jonathan 's party .
tr	I	She reveled in that fact , knowing she 'd never get tired of touching him , and she could finally show him she cared .
tr	O	We say good-bye , and the minute I slide my phone into my pocket , Abe comes to lean against the wall in front of me .
tr	I	Gareth had been popular , but Dean 's death had been bad enough , then Gerald 's .
tr	O	Mitchell flicked a surprised glance at Olivia , and she thought she saw a glint of amusement in his eyes before he returned his attention to Cecil .
tr	I	There was the ring from Robert , and there was the bulletin from Barbara Blake 's funeral service .
tr	O	I gave him everything , and now he 's nothing .
tr	O	She opened her eyes and they filled with tears as she shook her head .
tr	O	Sometimes Mom came with me , and we spoke to it .
tr	I	She overheard the secretaries talking about it , and Tanya went in to get her homework this morning from the office .
tr	O	A rush of adrenaline surged through her and she shivered .
tr	O	Our shower door was glass and there was a massaging showerhead .
tr	I	His fists tightened , and his teeth clenched .
tr	O	I don 't expect she 'll find a single item that 's been in style within the last ten years , but she picks through diligently anyhow .
tr	I	We marched along together , an army of two , and I caught him up , then matched his stride .
tr	O	We have a united religious view belief and that is one of our country .
tr	O	He put in his left hand fingers into her curls and very tenderly rubbed her back with his right arm fingers .
tr	O	I stripped off my tank top and he eyed me , running a hand gently down my chest .
tr	I	She had no problem extorting him over it and she knew he needed the information on those bloody tunnels .
tr	O	We were bouncing that back to the crowd and that was stoking up the fires of euphoria .
tr	I	The sky was Technicolor and it was near sunset .
tr	I	Shining young unicorns nibbling fallen apples beneath the trees many times and she 'd seen golden deer .
tr	O	He stopped his Vampires from going there a long time ago , though some have managed to slip under his radar , but they never returned .
tr	O	Stephanie didn 't get up quite so early the next morning , but she did make breakfast for the group .
tr	O	As the colors faded , the buildings began to light from within and the skyline sparkled against the inky violet dusk .
tr	I	Howie would help her , and Celeste knew what she must do , no matter how hard .
tr	O	I swam toward him and he took me in his arms .
tr	I	The wyvern parried the blade with the edge of its scaled arm , but Eben stabbed out with the Sword of Light .
tr	I	He didn 't want to and he couldn 't see Green .
tr	O	It was well after eleven at this point , and the excitement of everything had kept me going .
tr	I	There was no further hint of anyone 's presence , but he waited .
tr	I	I kept looking around the car as if expecting Vlad to magically appear and my hands still shook .
tr	O	He had to learn passwords and they made him carry a rifle .
tr	O	I was ten feet from the door when it was kicked open and I saw Rhys .
tr	I	My knees hurt too badly , but I tried to get up .
tr	O	I was sure following questions would ask for more details , but I didn 't want to give away too much information .
tr	O	My heart raced again and the sweating began .
tr	O	I wished I could come up with a good way to exploit my freedom , but nothing came to mind .
tr	O	He had let his rage get the better of him earlier and he regretted it .
tr	O	That she wasn 't going anywhere and she 'd help me through everything .
tr	O	The veil reached till her waist and there were little , white pearls on the top of this .
tr	O	All he had to do was think about it and the online world opened it up to him .
tr	I	It hit me then just how much she 'd endured , but my heart was tied up with Adrian .
tr	I	It was still daylight , but Nathan might have come .
tr	O	Old filing cabinets lined a few walls and there was an antique wooden desk .
tr	O	The old woman stood up , and with a firm hand she tore the carpet from the mirror .
tr	I	They aren 't God 's -- but creatures , they are , each as different from the next as God 's creatures in a zoo !
tr	I	It only seems to anger him more , but her tone is soft .
tr	I	She didn 't seem to mind , but Sawdust coated her black flats .
tr	O	I wanted them , and I knew he wouldn 't care .
tr	O	Once the magic hit , the shop owners fled and the black market moved in .
tr	O	The room is big and a single grenade can 't cover it all .
tr	O	I wanted nothing more than to just fade away but I was alive again in NYC .
tr	I	He was 12 and she was 11 .
tr	O	It was said in a low tone , but most of the crowd heard him .
tr	I	Her mouth went dry , seeing him standing there in all his glory and he stood up .
tr	I	She fell instantly asleep , and the possibility of that kind of unwavering love brought her solace .
tr	O	We were all a little uneasy , to say the least , but Michaels was the most frightened of all .
tr	I	He was headed for his favorite spot and it was a beautiful Saturday morning .
tr	I	It fired her imagination , and the setting was picturesque .
tr	I	It just seems wrong right now , but I know you mean it .
tr	O	I got my arms up in time to deflect the splinters , but I was helpless to assist Sanya .
tr	O	He went in for a kiss again , but I ducked my head just in the nick of time .
tr	O	She started moving again , and Tavi followed her until they had drawn even with the Grey Tower .
tr	O	Suddenly the wind stopped and the sun was visible .
tr	I	He planned on letting her know the danger involved , but he knew that it will be hard to keep her out of it .
tr	I	She relaxed against him , and Drew put his arm around her to steady her .
tr	O	I turn around and Nate is behind the wheel .
tr	I	He was dimly aware that she was asking all the right questions , but in his state of mind , he was barely able to function .
tr	O	He was playing a part , and I had no idea why .
tr	O	Elijah can see that Julia is troubled , and it is the core of his nature to want to make it better .
tr	O	I drew it in , pulled it close , held it safe and I wrapped my limbs even tighter around my vampire .
tr	I	Yet she is not crying and tears swim in her eyes .
tr	O	Sarah thought she saw James nod , but he was too far to hear .
tr	I	His eyes were a little wild , and he helped me down .
tr	O	It was getting worse outside , and I was getting lonely .
tr	I	She fought them back and for one awful moment tears threatened .
tr	O	Somehow Sarah had created a real sense of drama around herself and I was left to work out what she was playing at .
tr	O	It was Saturday and she didn 't even ask it yesterday .
tr	I	She didn 't appear to be breathing , but he had her in his arms again .
tr	O	Okay , so he hadn 't bailed , but he didn 't turn to me either .
tr	O	We 'd barely beat the one at the Idaho border , and now there 's an Amber Alert issued for our safe return .
tr	O	Luna stepped away from Colin , and he let her go .
tr	O	The heavy , silver doors slid shut behind Duncan , and he found himself in a big , cavernous room .
tr	I	No one knows what , but it looks like the saucer is looking for something .
tr	I	It took me less than fifteen minutes to get there by foot and I found the Indian restaurant Marissa had suggested .
tr	O	She hadn 't seen her father in years , and she 'd believed he hadn 't cared what happened to her .
tr	I	I must be clear , and the situation is grave .
tr	I	I 'm wishing I packed a spare pair of panties , and somehow it hasn 't got tangled in our clinches .
tr	I	When I told her my idea she was more than happy , and I talked to my mom the night before night .
tr	I	I resisted , but I wanted to sit next to Trevor , grab his hand , feel his arms around me .
tr	I	A blur of white pulled the corpse down in front of me , but I went to slash at his head .
tr	I	She did need to stand up eventually , and she wasn 't attracted to him .
tr	O	He wanted to slap her to shut her up , but Jacob said he could deal with her .
tr	O	A spasm kicked in my chest , and my heart started to pound .
tr	I	I can read your thought right now , but I don 't know how .
tr	I	My not being able to do anything to help the Muller 's and I thought of the men returning .
tr	I	It takes her all day to make and it 's Molly 's famous chili .
tr	I	His expression went blank , and Kate 's fist hit his jaw .
tr	O	She scoots in on the bed next to me and I put the book down on my nightstand .
tr	I	He looked back at me and I stopped walking .
tr	O	A picture crashed to the floor , and Vale thrust his horribly bruised face at him .
tr	O	I shouldn 't have let the friendship go so easily , but Lance had been there , encouraging me to move on .
tr	I	He was breaking the rules , and this weekend was just supposed to be about sex .
tr	I	There was no sign of her , but he had spent his day searching , just like the day before .
tr	O	Dylan was supervising the barbecue station and Chance was talking to Sage 's ranch manager .
tr	O	A noise in the doorway caught my attention and I looked up to see Logan hovering in the door .
tr	O	She had a rather fine long sword in a tooled scabbard at her hip , and she was drawing off a pair of leather gauntlets .
tr	O	If she was using it as an evasive tactic , it would come to an end soon enough and she 'd be forced to acknowledge him again .
tr	O	It was exhausting work , but fulfilling .
tr	O	I tried to respond , but there were no words .
tr	I	She blinked , and that 's all , just his name .
tr	O	Her age was indefinable but Sarah guessed it was somewhere closer to forty than thirty .
tr	I	Liza was left breathless , and the images stopped .
tr	I	Her mind would fill in the rest , and that was all I needed to say .
tr	I	Her feet were bare and her hands were bound before her with rags .
tr	I	She listened intently to every word I said and we sat at the table for three hours .
tr	I	Our path is above and it is below .
tr	I	It gave me the confidence I needed , and his eyes were kind .
tr	I	It 's just a long walk to the finish and the maze began to unfold in my mind , if you unfold it .
tr	I	Everything she worked so hard for , and her professional reputation may be questioned .
tr	I	His eyes held fear , but Oran 's brows furrowed .
tr	O	He was your husband and he died serving his country .
tr	O	She 'd killed some of them right in front of me , to save me , and I hadn 't faulted her for it .
tr	I	A sweaty Erin is next to Dad even though she should be sitting with her teammates and Dad 's sitting next to him .
tr	O	When they had taken her from her room , her mother had been there , but she had done nothing to try to save Cynthia .
tr	I	I feed off it , and the kiss is similar to the one in Paris , a wildfire out of control .
tr	I	You 're getting out of control and it won 't bring her back .
tr	I	At the same time he didn 't want the ugliness of his ex anywhere near Leigh , yet he wanted to reach out .
tr	O	I sense the burden falling on my shoulders and I don 't know what to do with the extra load .
tr	I	Now we 're facing each other from the opposite direction and I spin away .
tr	O	He knew we were alive , but I guess seeing is believing .
tr	I	The signal keeps moving , but we should have found them by now .
tr	I	The kiss changed and their lips parted .
tr	O	George liked Huw but he was glad to have Amy to himself again .
tr	O	To help the crippled walk , and the ill become well .
tr	I	Seeing that I could not die they buried me deep in the ground , but they tried to kill me as well .
tr	I	I let us into the house , and we got out of the car .
tr	O	His footsteps could be heard stampeding down the stairs , and then the front door was slammed shut .
tr	O	Garde knew Lissa was furious , and his relationship with her was likely hanging by a thread .
tr	I	He dropped one hand to pull out his phone again , and his eyes tightened against some emotion I couldn 't read .
tr	O	Dad was jumping from job to job more than usual , and Mom 's paintings weren 't selling like they did before .
tr	I	I see Reagan 's features cloud with worry , and I shake my head .
tr	I	You 'll come back and if you feel yourself losing control again , say teacup at once .
tr	I	He became all business , and his muscled arms folded .
tr	I	The audience applauded wildly and the lights went out .
tr	O	There is no more talk of stars and I wonder at how the councilmen could have such an indifferent response to the discovery .
tr	I	My heart begins to race , and I stare at her dumbly .
tr	O	I had counted the ceiling tiles more than once and I was getting ready to count them again when she came walking into the room .
tr	I	It was ridiculous to imagine she 'd want to get involved in the summer patrols , and she wasn 't a fighter when we made the trip .
tr	I	Emerson had stopped eating to watch her reaction , but she didn 't realize it .
tr	I	He fell ill not long afterward , but the old magician was very impressed .
tr	O	I don 't know what 's going on , but you 're out of line .
tr	O	Voices swelled , and someone whistled .
tr	I	The last of the sun 's light faded into black and through moist eyelids I watched as Donovan reached for me .
tr	O	The salt water present on the rock stung the wound and she winced before looking down at what had tripped her .
tr	I	No boats came near , and the wind stayed constant on the rest of his watch .
tr	I	She had to open them again , and the movements of the car without the benefit of sight began to make her feel nauseated .
tr	I	My insides tremble and I swallow hard .
tr	O	It was more difficult not to smile now , but Domenico managed to keep his amusement at bay .
tr	O	Sky would have picked another of Joy 's members from Kona , but that was not what the job required .
tr	I	I don 't care and I don 't know what kind it is .
tr	O	The back of her throat burned and tears threatened her eyes .
tr	I	I considered kicking him where the sun neglected to shine and the man pulled again .
tr	I	Lynette was so like her and Marguerite was not one of them .
tr	I	I can 't believe I ever let him touch me , and I cringe thinking about girls here having sex with that freak .
tr	O	My weakness was a weight on him , but I wanted to help him .
tr	O	Ian didn 't answer directly , but then , Ian never did .
tr	O	My handwriting is probably not that attractive , but it 's the best I can manage .
tr	I	We 'll laugh over this later , and I 'm sure you 're fine .
tr	O	A small mirror hung on the wall next to a window , and a bed was nestled in the corner .
tr	O	She was trying to put on a brave front , but I could see right through it .
tr	I	She took a deep breath , and the door cracked open gradually .
tr	O	The unforgiving cold forced me back inside , but no evidence of his presence was left to confirm my sanity .
tr	I	He blocked it with his foot , but I started to close the door .
tr	O	Let us go back and you can help me !
tr	O	Vicki grabbed her coat and they left the house .
tr	O	He lifted his hand and his fingers lightly grazed her jaw .
tr	O	She wanted details about his stay there , but he wasn 't interested in providing them .
tr	I	I loved the way he wanted to touch me all the time and Ethan was so affectionate .
tr	I	I could see Lucifer from where I was crouching , and there was the sound of footsteps muffled by carpet .
tr	O	Joanna hit the key again and the car unlocked , insufferably easily .
tr	I	I still managed to pick up clues , but I was always blindfolded when we moved .
tr	I	He smiled back , and looking into his eyes , she smiled wistfully at him .
tr	I	There goes our antidote , and if anything feels off , he 'll run .
tr	O	I jump up and the coffee splashes on my shirt .
tr	O	Fine , he could go in front , but she wasn 't cowering in a stairwell .
tr	O	He moved in closer and she leaned back because she couldn 't move with the railing pressing against her spine .
tr	O	I tried to play it off nonchalantly , but it hadn 't been a painless breakup .
tr	O	I can 't promise Garrett will behave the same way , but he 'll only act if provoked .
tr	O	I know I surely must be looking at him like I 've seen a ghost but he doesn 't seem to notice .
tr	O	Sam stepped through the opening and I heard his intake of breath .
tr	O	It was apparent there was a lot floating around in her mind , but I wasn 't sure I wanted to know it all .
tr	I	He has to protect him , and he has a little boy in there .
tr	I	He inhaled sharply , and it sent fire through me .
tr	O	She caught up to Martin and they entered the kitchen together .
tr	O	Obviously she was worried that the driver of the car would see us , but I doubted it .
tr	O	Vampires were addictive to their prey , but she didn 't just want to be some addiction to him .
tr	I	He was smiling at her and it was the face of a young man .
tr	I	Form mattered far more than the utensils used , but Fingers were the convention .
tr	I	I feel like I have cotton in my ears , but somewhere , someone is shouting .
tr	I	The prongs bent in all directions , and the fork busted .
tr	O	He thrusts one final time as her body shudders and her back arches as she squeezes down hard against his cock as she comes .
tr	O	A glimmer of sunshine bobbing on the seafoam caught her attention , and she reached down , only to fish out Arlen 's charm .
tr	I	He didn 't look convinced , but he smiled at this .
tr	O	His long lashes swept down , and he relaxed into the soft mud .
tr	O	My breast felt abandoned for a few brief seconds , but I soon began to drift off again myself .
tr	O	She didn 't seem overly upset , but she did seem a little worried .
tr	I	On my recommendation you would be hidden well , and it is a tightly closed community , with adequate policing .
tr	O	My smile spread , and I let my pride consume me for a moment .
tr	I	Aunt Evie nearly drowned , too , and Jason wasn 't breathing , Mom .
tr	I	There were no injuries , and the shots were fired over the heads of the individuals .
tr	I	Tugged tightly , his teeth clenched as a hoarse cry escaped his lips and his tone turned desperate as he reached for his hair .
tr	I	I am very glad that you returned here with us and you are family .
tr	I	Her mind became blank , erased by the warmth of his lips , but she wanted to push him away .
tr	O	The door slid shut and the light went red .
tr	I	The pay was excellent , but not exciting work .
tr	I	That was it , but she 'd seen CPR done on TV .
tr	O	I should go back into the shadows , but I didn 't like the idea of her going to a party tonight .
tr	O	They were wearing clothes that Maryann considered ' old-fashioned ' but she didn 't know exactly how old .
tr	I	They were obviously feeling very belligerent , and the word ' bug ' had brought all the local farmers to his side almost immediately .
tr	I	I couldn 't lose another person I loved and I had no way of knowing if this was all going to turn out okay .
tr	I	That wouldn 't last , but he was holding back tears .
tr	O	If Saber hadn 't zapped her heart to get it going , she 'd most likely be dead , or her heart irreparably damaged .
tr	O	They had in their hands the heaviest item that their households had to hand and they surrounded him on all sides .
tr	O	I 've known Tomas for a long while now and I have never seen him act in the way he is acting today .
tr	O	Across from me , Director Sterling 's jaw clenched slightly , but the rest of his face remained impassive .
tr	O	I didn 't know what it was , but I couldn 't wait to see her .
tr	O	Alisa tilted her head in confusion , and she could have sworn the creature did likewise to her .
tr	O	The food bag was gone , and this made his skin crawl .
tr	O	I couldn 't help thinking you 'd changed already , and this new world of yours would leave me out .
tr	I	He repeated his question and Laci 's eyes widened .
tr	I	His hands started waving around like they were on fire , and then his eyes bugged .
tr	I	It didn 't throb nearly so badly anymore , and his nose had already started to heal .
tr	I	The scroll unrolled all the way to the floor , and he handed it to Rusty who untied it .
tr	O	I betrayed her , and now the miserable duo has conspired to betray me .
tr	I	Now she wasn 't , and less than twenty-four hours ago she 'd been a virgin .
tr	O	She walked down the hallway quickly , but his long strides enabled him to keep up with her easily .
tr	I	Her words dripped disgust , but her lips curved in a faint smile .
tr	I	Others had to be developed , but the inter-species people were still part of the humans ' sport organizations .
tr	O	Light filled around her as the image of Gwen and the others were swallowed by a white light .
tr	I	I frown as I catch sight of the wound , remembering that he also was stabbed and I notice that his shirt is saturated with blood .
tr	I	Anna was unable to maintain her grip but the captains held onto the jutting rock .
tr	I	He made me come in and we stopped at his place .
tr	I	I need to practice that so I can control it , but the fire starting thing really scares me .
tr	O	Skip swimming , and we 'll take care of your car when I get home .
tr	O	Air backed up in her lungs and her heart beat too loud .
tr	I	You can have this forever and just let go of your old life .
tr	I	He checked on Julia 's flight , pleased to see it was landing on time , and Flynn left .
tr	I	I jump when someone walks by us , and this place is nothing like where I 'm from .
tr	O	To maintain a certain body type you 'll have to subsist on this green crunchy vegetation and that 's your choice .
tr	I	I wasn 't convinced I should let down my guard , but Margaret was apparently trying to be helpful .
tr	O	They could be perplexing creatures , but life was incomplete without them .
tr	I	Before he knew what had happened , he was facedown on the floor , on his belly , and I don 't take well to violence .
tr	I	I have to cling to it , and it 's the first spark of hope I 've had since waking up .
tr	O	He would , or I would .
tr	I	He resolves to keep moving , but his mind is scrambling for what to say .
tr	I	I head after Dervish , and Dervish pushes after Shark .
tr	O	Nightingale turned sharply to face them , but they had vanished .
tr	O	As he watched he saw the rear window go down and the barrel of a gun ; his years of training kicked in .
tr	O	The girls laugh nervously , but they don 't turn away from the window .
tr	O	She could feel Isaac 's eyes on her , but she didn 't try to read his expression .
tr	O	I swallow hard as I take in the scar on his side , still healing , and I trace a path around it .
tr	O	Frances 's face softened , and she acknowledged Michael 's kind words with a smile .
tr	I	I wish I could remember more about her and I 'm sort of digging that chick now .
tr	I	She 'd obviously come up with a scheme to solve it , and Geraldine 's death had created a problem for her .
tr	I	My eyes narrowed and my brows rose .
tr	I	He smelled like the wood he 'd used to start a fire , and damp tendrils of hair fell against his forehead .
tr	I	I 'm sure he was saying something about millions , and he was going on about this stash .
tr	O	I feel like he is , but I can 't be sure .
tr	I	No one would understand his situation again and he knew he had wake up tomorrow .
tr	O	It had been a long life , an interesting life , and I 've found myself thinking about him often of late .
tr	O	Ryan walked out his father 's house head high , and his step lighter than it had been in years .
tr	I	I didn 't want to see it again if I had the choice and I 'd seen him blowup before .
tr	I	The remainder of a six-pack was chilling in a bucket of ice between them , and they each held a can of beer .
tr	I	She was certain it had nothing to do with the humidity , and beads of sweat trickled down the valley between her breasts .
tr	I	The Council is plotting another witch hunt , and the Hunters are back in the town .
tr	O	The stories make even me wince , and I 've seen some awful things .
tr	O	He also put on fresh clean socks and he slipped on his high dollar Nike shoes .
tr	O	A great shout caught her attention and she turned back to the window .
tr	O	She 's smart and she 's tough .
tr	I	She wanted to bury her nose in his neck and it was delicious .
tr	I	She was doing it but she wasn 't happy about it .
tr	O	Odd morals , but they existed .
tr	O	They were under the skeletal shuttle and Mimas was standing next to the support structure for the aft fuselage .
tr	I	It was sexy , but God help me .
tr	O	Rory scowled at my lie , but she didn 't contradict me .
tr	O	Eric 's smile was gone , and he looked grim .
tr	I	My embroidery left a lot to be desired , but my cooking was acceptable .
tr	I	It 's no mistake we 're standing together right now and it was no mistake you found me when you did .
tr	O	The rational part of me knew it probably had been only a minute , but when the water was this cold minutes might be all I had .
tr	I	I shivered when his fingers brushed my neck , and he touched one with his finger .
tr	I	She was starting to get hungry , and it was past lunchtime .
tr	I	Over time , it had just exhausted the poor kid , but for years , he 'd tried to please his dad .
tr	I	There was a glint in his eye when he looked at her - but Dean seemed like a nice guy .
tr	O	His body shifted , and she could feel the warm press of his mouth against the top of her ear .
tr	O	They know that you will get visions of the Pendant , and I hope that information will distract them .
tr	O	Tears slid unheeded down her cheeks , and her face hurt from the wide smile cracking her lips ever upward .
tr	O	He stared at me and I looked down quickly .
tr	O	It has to be done and I am one for doing it quickly .
tr	O	I heard my name being shouted as well , but I kept my hand down avoided the cameras .
tr	I	I was a Luna , and Nisha preferred purple now .
tr	O	So , I skip to a few songs on the list with a better beat , and I watch the people move in front of me .
tr	I	I manage to get back on my own two feet but I 'm not very graceful .
tr	I	Shifting in the breeze , but there were another four left tethered behind the defenders , unlit .
tr	I	My vision suddenly goes dark and Pain shoots up my wrist as my palm strikes the concrete .
tr	O	I could tell she wanted to , but she couldn 't do it .
tr	O	Jake needed to reassure her she 'd be in control whenever she wanted , but maybe tying her to the bed wasn 't the best demonstration .
tr	O	Her cheeks were bright with rosy color and her dark eyes gleamed .
tr	O	There 's still no sign of father , but I guess where he 'll be .
tr	I	Now she could move on , but it hadn 't been easy .
tr	O	Augustus planned his first speech , and only 10 Romans showed up .
tr	I	Before any words were spoken , he 'd already begun to turn , and a prickling of unease .
tr	I	Our eyes locked and I looked up .
tr	O	I won 't endanger them but I 'll still find a way .
tr	O	Then there 's the third camp , and I guess I 'm in it .
tr	O	The camper would be a great hiding spot , but the Yorks had been driving it home at the time Pardon died .
tr	I	He eyed the bag I was just going through , stuffing things back in it and I rose .
tr	O	More dogged than he was , and that was saying something .
tr	I	He 'd been pretty good yesterday , running all over the ship , but sure , he was getting on in years .
tr	I	She had to accept that , and what she had thought might have been just wasn 't meant to be .
tr	I	She was losing blood at a rapid pace and her head had a large gash from the fall .
tr	O	I would kill you , but the Mark prevents it .
tr	I	I saw no one , but I expected to see men from the Bravado near the door .
tr	I	Still blushing , but she said angrily .
tr	O	It had no eyes , but it knew she was there .
tr	O	Those things burned down Mantis ' home and my dad 's .
tr	O	Her shoulders quiver and she lets her head fall against my chest .
tr	I	Their partners claimed Fletcher 's attention , and her friends were full of chatter .
tr	O	Something still didn 't feel right about Nacho 's confession , but Gretchen was confident that her questions would be answered eventually .
tr	O	Baxter didn 't respond immediately , and I almost wondered if he might not act unless she specifically asked for food .
tr	I	He quit talking about discrimination suits , and this made Mr. Grimes very happy .
tr	I	We flipped our books open to where we left off last class and Class started .
tr	I	There was no going back , and I had fallen hard .
tr	I	I shifted on the bench , and his gaze made my skin feel too small for my body .
tr	O	She also dodged , and Jo-Jo attempted to escape .
tr	I	She nodded , but Katherine 's lips tightened .
tr	I	There must be other things in the house , but all he 'd seen so far was food .
tr	I	I 'm not going to let this moment slip away between my fingers , but maybe he 's joking after all .
tr	I	She tensed as he bathed her face , but he thought she might have fallen asleep .
tr	O	Chairs were moved and the people in the stands flooded the bottom level .
tr	I	He was only in his twenties , and even Meredith 's cute , smart Alaric seemed kind of old to her .
tr	I	There was human and there was Deviant .
tr	O	His jaw dropped and his eyes bulged .
tr	O	The vampire clutched at his chest as his heart stuttered , but he made no attempt to fight the order , so powerful was that voice .
tr	O	Her color was high , and her eyes sparkled .
tr	I	He shot off from the bed and his face screwed up in anger .
tr	O	I went to steady myself , but the blackness swept me up .
tr	O	They were having such a fair when the knights came to town , but Kadie had eyes only for the one who rode in the front .
tr	I	Of course I couldn 't tell him Angel was expecting until she told her own husband , but I wanted to talk the situation over with Martin .
tr	I	I knew it would be about Yvette but I didn 't know who was calling .
tr	O	When that happened , this would be her shop , and Ward was excited by the prospect .
tr	O	It was simply too hot , too intense for that , and my whole body felt suddenly aflame with need .
tr	O	I know that the media are ready to pounce if we screw up , but there 's something which does not add up here .
tr	O	Sofia went to rescue the child but the door shut before her eyes .
tr	O	I asked and she nodded .
tr	O	He reached out towards her as she spun around to face him , apparently in slow motion but it was too late .
tr	O	I hadn 't seen in her in five days , and in the times before that , I 'd been as rude as ever .
tr	O	Slowly Reyes sat up , and their eyes met in a heated clash , his as dark as his skin .
tr	O	The woman had the same pulled back hair and she seemed to be wearing the same kind of glasses .
tr	I	His hands still felt clammy but it quelled the discomfort in his stomach .
tr	I	Her flaky lips curl to a revengeful smirk and her flowing white hair blends with her dress .
tr	I	The next supply run isn 't for a few weeks , and it 's a couple of days ' ride from here .
tr	I	All noise stopped , and I opened the door .
tr	O	The schematic rotated to his instruction and the northeast corner of the holographic rendition of the city expanded .
tr	O	Very quickly the phrase caught on and a chant began rolling across the park like a tidal wave .
tr	O	Sweat drips into my closed eyes , but I keep going , because this is the one thing I have to offer her .
tr	O	Clary couldn 't quite tell in the dimness , but it looked as if Alec was squeezing rather hard .
tr	I	Obviously , that wasn 't what she meant , but oh , I did a lot of things with one vampire in particular .
tr	I	He jerked the door closed , ordering Tony to move and he didn 't stop until he was in his limousine !
tr	I	I couldn 't get past how ever-present he was around me , but I would have encouraged it if I felt the same way .
tr	I	It lasted only an instant , but Light erupted from the orb .
tr	I	I looked up in spite of myself at the sound of my name , and Jacob 's deep voice caught a lull in the music .
tr	I	You wouldn 't answer , but we tried calling yah .
tr	O	Then his eyes refocused , and he realized that the girl was staring at him .
tr	O	Manuel looked him in the eye , and Ezio had the disquieting impression that the man was resigned to his fate .
tr	O	There was a lot of water in the boat and he would need something to bail with .
tr	O	A punch in the stomach would have been more gentle , but then , gentle had never been Joe 's style .
tr	I	My toes actually curl , and his voice is buttery sweet , warm with concern .
tr	O	He lost his grip on her , and she drew in a desperate breath .
tr	O	I know my customers , and that sort of thing is very important to them .
tr	I	So far we sounded like we 'd been playing together forever , but the first song was a bit early to hand down a verdict .
tr	O	Now he knew everything and he still wasn 't willing to give us another chance .
tr	O	They were more tribal than ours , and they looked just like his tattoo .
tr	I	I don 't know how to deal with it and I 'm not used to being happy .
tr	O	I imagined that he might scream on his way down , and that was more than fine with me .
tr	O	I 've been around you my whole life , and you 've always smell the same to me .
tr	O	Many people in her situation would have trouble being pleasant , yet she seemed to find a little humor in it .
tr	O	Well , I can 't speak for you but I 'm ready to talk about something else .
tr	I	I meet him halfway , but I 'm afraid to smile .
tr	I	She was grateful to hear the sexy sound and Colin laughed .
tr	I	Deputy Blake came over , and I called the police .
tr	I	They have to pay anyway but they don 't have money .
tr	O	This was the first werewolf she had ever seen and she realized she had missed out on a lot .
tr	I	Actually , there are many of us here in secret , and I 'm called a glass person .
tr	O	Buck 's shoulders hunched and his face changed .
tr	O	People will pay to get in and I 'll sign autographs .
tr	I	The uncontrollable sobs rattled her bones , and her shoulders shook .
tr	I	There stood Torin , leaning against the bed as always , and I pulled the canvas down from the mirror .
tr	O	I try to get up , but I don 't have the strength .
tr	O	The pilot passed out , but it was now in a dead fall back to earth .
tr	O	The hours had passed by in the tavern and it was late at night .
tr	I	I didn 't press the issue , but she was still reluctant to talk about her family much .
tr	I	None of those murdered had been killed by Lucian , but he read the papers for news of strange murders .
tr	O	Izzy covered her mouth , but the laughter slipped through her fingers .
tr	I	It filled Akiva with self-loathing , and it was a poisonous thought .
tr	I	She quickly dismissed her gaze , but Leah gave Aidan a quizzical glance .
tr	O	He frowned , looking from my wrist to my face , ready to speak , but then he hesitated .
tr	I	His fingers were cold , like touching an ice cube , and their fingers brushed for a second .
tr	O	I try to bury it by biting my lip but it doesn 't work .
tr	O	At first there was nothing , but then she heard the familiar soft rhythm of his heart beating .
tr	O	I feel each word slicing into me , and a tear escapes my eye despite my best efforts .
tr	O	It lingered for a while this time , filling the air thickly , and he didn 't know why it bothered him so much now .
tr	O	It was a scent she had grown used to , and she welcomed it with every fiber of her being .
tr	I	She 'll start sprinkling holy water all over the place , or you don 't want to flash Maria .
tr	I	It left a trail of fire on my skin and his arm brushed against mine .
tr	O	His head turned slightly and his eyes opened .
tr	I	He was slow to follow her wishes , but Julie wanted them back in in her stare .
tr	I	She hadn 't stopped since , and he 'd made her burn that night .
tr	I	He always said the wrong thing and conversations like this made him uncomfortable .
tr	O	She had no idea what was happening with the investigation , but she couldn 't be expected to stay in town indefinitely .
tr	O	I threw my hands back over my face and I shook my head .
tr	O	These people have grown up hunting in these mountains , and there 'll be some damn fine marksmen among them .
tr	O	Second , Logan had always been the happy-go-lucky type , but this afternoon he didn 't look happy-go-lucky at all .
tr	O	Not simply the way he looked anymore , but now something Josh could feel emanating from him .
tr	O	Maya snaps her arms down at her sides and a glowing red nimbus forms around her fingertips .
tr	I	He was going to do something , but he wasn 't sure what he was planning to do .
tr	O	Minutes passed , and a serving girl returned with a jar .
tr	O	Easing the door open they peeked into the room , expecting to see Michele on the bed but the room was empty .
tr	O	I longed to know him ... and that was why I stayed .
tr	O	It was the middle of June and the weather was amazing .
tr	O	Samael 's eyes darkened , and the muscles in his jaw twitched .
tr	I	Then he handed me a small box , and he leaned down to kiss my cheek .
tr	O	He 'd examine what was happening later , but at the moment he was more concerned about saying goodbye to her properly .
tr	O	She was from an entirely different world altogether , though , and he never , never wanted her to get any taste of his .
tr	I	Others were chatting , and some were snacking on food .
tr	O	Heck , every girl in school looked at him with adoration , but he only had eyes for Willow .
tr	O	I started and she shook her head .
tr	O	A waiter passed by and Fergus picked up two glasses of champagne .
tr	O	We had been , but the details of our separation were lost to me .
tr	I	I spin around , slashing with my blade and I sense someone coming at me from behind .
tr	O	This morning , I 'd been flipped on my ass , and I 'd found myself submerged in lake water .
tr	O	I may have two left , but I 'm hardly in a trouble of that magnitude .
tr	I	Jael shows off a surprisingly deep singing voice , and Dina coaxes some music out of the ancient comm system .
tr	O	Jonathan , once again fades and they are locked in battle .
tr	O	The sun rises , I open my eyes , and Jack is gone .
tr	O	She surveys the expansive place as if she 's privy to a gorgeous sunset , and I love watching her reaction because I feel the same .
tr	O	It never happened and as time went on , it became like a game to my mother .
tr	I	The person who only mattered in the world was herself and I could feel her hatred for other people .
tr	O	I believed in its truth and I believed it was right .
tr	O	It might have started out as just sex , but it had rapidly turned into something else .
tr	I	Began , once again , to vigorously press the buttons and unable to stay seated any longer , she jumped to her feet .
tr	O	Show them a breast and they became slobbering fools .
tr	I	Albert sniffed at the smoke , and she did as he asked .
tr	O	Some of the adults were closer to the exit than we were , and rather than running around them , we tried to barrel straight through .
tr	I	She knew that she wouldn 't make the same mistake twice , but Lea found it funny how it turned out .
tr	O	It 's fairly dense -- over eight hundred pages -- and I 'm currently up to the wrap-up of the trial .
tr	O	My breasts crushed against his chest and he groaned against my lips as his right hand moved up to the back of my head .
tr	I	Her heart was pounding rapidly and he could hear that she was trying to keep her breathing steady .
tr	I	Not everyone uses it , but we have a guest registry .
tr	O	I mouth the word yes , but no sound escapes my lips .
tr	I	Iona shoveled another ten canapes onto her plate and even Clay stared when the tray went by .
tr	O	Light swept through me as we kissed , but soon the kisses , they weren 't enough .
tr	I	We were still at the start of our new lives together but we had to get through the tough part first .
tr	I	Regina blocked the way but she tried to get through the door .
tr	O	He had never been in it before , but he always held it as a fascination .
tr	I	It was a comfortable one , but we sat there in silence .
tr	I	The tasks he had to accomplish were far more desperate , and his dreams were no more kind now .
tr	I	As I looked back , I saw the car crash into the wall behind the spot where we had been standing and we ran .
tr	I	I 'll pay the maintenance charge , as the flat will still be mine , and the bills will be about the same .
tr	I	They can change , but people make mistakes .
tr	I	Three hours flies right by but I didn 't realize it .
tr	O	It flies by Dave in the infield , and Rich , playing sixty feet further back manages to knock it down , holding Steve to a single .
tr	I	There would be no information volunteered by Raven , and there were no questions asked by the elders .
tr	I	His pupils were dilated and his eyes were wild .
tr	I	It was taking its toll on all of us , and we 'd been on the road for a week .
tr	O	I 'm running low on vacation days , and I think we 'd be able to work around my schedule .
tr	I	That wasn 't my fault , but not that many people outside of the metaphysical community did .
tr	O	Her heart raced , and in that moment she wished he would kiss her .
tr	I	She 's staring directly at the camera and her head is tilted slightly .
tr	I	They would walk to theirs and he would drive to his destination .
tr	I	He slanted a look over the seat that could 've cut glass , and his jaw tightened as he read .
tr	I	He chuckled and I replied .
tr	I	There was an emptiness in them I couldn 't reach and he swung his gaze to mine .
tr	I	It 's shredding me inside that she won 't let me do anything about it , and she 's afraid .
tr	I	Panic became a living beast in his chest , clawing at his heart , and Thomas didn 't see Inez in either direction .
tr	O	Sometimes she thought the fear was for her , but that couldn 't be .
tr	O	People would talk , but the news cannot come from anywhere near you .
tr	O	He showed it to my mother and she cringed visibly .
tr	I	He was flat on the ground and I turned my back for one minute .
tr	O	I glance across the room , but Cole has been separated from me .
tr	O	There was static in one of the external audio feeds , and he made a note tell the electricians to replace them .
tr	I	I was still bummed but Katie 's words made me feel a little bit better .
tr	O	Her skin burned and an electrical shock cut through her system , causing her to jerk back .
tr	O	Her phone went off and she picked it up .
tr	I	Nothing happened , but he tried .
tr	I	I was restless and it was late .
tr	I	At first I didn 't seem to be learning very much , and you have no idea how hard being a servant can be .
tr	O	There was also something odd about the way that the man moved , but Dennis had never been able to put his finger on it .
tr	I	The ache in my abdomen grew stronger and Walker looked up at me .
tr	I	I closed my eyes , and his hand stayed behind .
tr	O	I had to say yes , but it makes me furious .
tr	O	The phone rang , and Janie answered it .
tr	O	A car I recognized pulled into our drive and I tensed .
tr	O	She had had a taste of what it felt like to be close to other human beings and she was addicted .
tr	O	He 'd planned to go there regardless , but now his need was more urgent .
tr	I	He was the one who was sorry , but those words cut Jed like a knife .
tr	I	I could see a man trapped by his position , but no remorse reflected back at me .
tr	I	The watch on deck scarcely stir , and it is midnight ; the breeze blows fairly .
tr	O	The guards open the doors and I suppress a gasp when I see the ballroom inside .
tr	O	We couldn 't help but to keep laughing at him .
tr	O	My heart pounded , and the hair on the back of my neck stood up .
tr	O	It had happened before , and the cotton wool sensation in my head was at least a little reminiscent of my nastier hangovers .
tr	O	Paris swung her around to hide the cuffs , and the Toyota Avalon drove right past .
tr	O	Trevor was on the road to college stardom , and they took him out .
tr	O	I was content , and love , probably , felt like this .
tr	I	Suds appeared and grinning , he rubbed his hands together .
tr	O	Haven ducked when she heard approaching footsteps , expecting to see the man in the white lab coat -- but it wasn 't him .
tr	O	It was a selfless act , and one that unexpectedly rugged at her heartstrings .
tr	I	It was not a lie , and Hart told her he loved her .
tr	O	Some of them were trying to make wine out of berries but it wasn 't going well .
tr	O	The bastard didn 't just have his hands all over Mia , but his mouth was on her too .
tr	I	Peter hadn 't heard of them , but he mentioned a couple of names .
tr	O	He hands me a credit card and I swipe it through the machine .
tr	I	Maria , her throat exposed , suddenly spinning away with blood shooting from her neck , and he saw Swami 's dagger flash .
tr	O	Sure , some of the photos could be recaptured from other sources , but not everything was replaceable .
tr	I	His thumb flicked against her nipple and he asked .
tr	O	I let my head rest on her shoulder as the kids around us stared , and my body shook as sobs racked me .
tr	I	We all said a lot of silly stuff when we were kids , and it was just a silly little thing a silly little kid said .
tr	I	He had ended things almost as soon as it had begun and he wasn 't proud of that one .
tr	O	I trained hard and I played harder .
tr	I	Ethan was getting out of the passenger door , and a cop car had pulled into the driveway .
tr	I	They could barely move , but they tried to override it .
tr	I	She 'd been unable to get warm , but she had piled five blankets over herself .
tr	O	The public ate it up , and clients poured out the woodwork .
tr	O	It 's a treacherous descent but we make it to cover .
tr	O	His body still ached , but the headache was gone .
tr	I	I can 't see much else , but Far doors are still slightly ajar .
tr	I	That 's the only reason he 's still here and Rumor has it he 's somehow related to the Chairman .
tr	O	Staying up late drinking invariably left him with headaches , but he wasn 't about to put drink aside .
tr	O	He 'd loved me like he might never get another chance , and my body had responded in kind .
tr	O	She looked sad and he knew why .
tr	O	Which would have been fitting if he had ordered it so , but in fact he had no idea how it had been done .
tr	I	Good progress had been made there , but the journey from Biloxi was arduous .
tr	I	It was impossible for her to imagine him as anything else , but he could have been the happy ending Sebastian wanted for her .
tr	I	They weren 't happy with the unprovoked grope and whatever it was , it had an owner .
tr	O	I didn 't think my mother had a secret job , and I couldn 't fathom how her pink retro dresses improved anything .
tr	I	She wrapped it in her own , and I held it out .
tr	I	He had managed to keep it open , but he had slid a good few feet on his stomach to reach it .
tr	I	Within moments , Jared pul ed me to my feet , but horrified , I watched Claire tend to Ryan 's wounds .
tr	I	I felt a little nervous as we approached the first fence and the butterflies from yesterday had returned .
tr	O	She collapsed at his side and the room plunged into darkness .
tr	O	Brooke would be devastated but she would have been even more mad if I didn 't at least try to find her .
tr	I	She had a cover-up on , but she was also wearing a swimsuit .
tr	O	I try not to stare at her , but most of the time I can 't help it .
tr	O	Her skin was glowing and her hair was perfect .
tr	I	He placed a finger over her lips , but she tried to kiss him again .
tr	O	There remained those who stayed the course but most of the residents , particularly the young , loved the look .
tr	O	Patch stepped toward him , and Pepper shrank back in fear , his arms flying up to shield his face .
tr	I	We didn 't sit down , but there were some concrete benches along the sides of the platform .
tr	I	The tingling his touch created on my back was unexpected , but I felt the blush on my cheeks right away .
tr	I	Probably the best way was to work Durrant equally as hard , and he was determined not to be taken for a fool .
tr	I	I still exhaled in relief , but I 'd already guessed that .
tr	O	The evening was just beginning and she was walking out on the festivities .
tr	O	It was far too wide for the werewolf , but he handed it over for modesty 's sake .
tr	O	He had resolved to quit his job for God , and yet circumstances had given it right back to him .
tr	I	She struggled to stifle her rising emotions , and her heart plummeted .
tr	I	Everything was handy , and they were quite comfortable .
tr	O	Hunting started toward his brother , but Abraham stopped him , clapping dramatically .
tr	O	She started to tear up and I wiped the first ones as they fell down her pretty cheeks .
tr	O	I saw almost no skeptical scholarship that was convincing , and the Gospels , shredded by critics , lost all intensity when reconstructed by various theorists .
tr	O	He 'll come or he won 't .
tr	I	I looked down the other , and he looked up one direction .
tr	I	Another hotel employee went in , and one of the men I recognized as a hotel employee came out .
tr	O	Burton was not a major star , but he was about to become one .
tr	O	Neil didn 't want to take his eyes off Riko , but it was instinctive to look .
tr	I	He didn 't move in time , but he reached out to catch it .
tr	I	You are something of a mystery to me , but I am usually very good at reading people .
tr	I	The closer she got the more her legs shook , but she was so close .
tr	O	He has to defend all of you and I have to send messages !
tr	I	He stood in her way , but the dim parking lot lights pointed to the empty lot beyond .
tr	I	Mrs. Parker had passed away four years prior to the move and none of their household staff from Philadelphia had relocated to Chicago .
tr	O	I had checked online , and it wasn 't booked by anybody .
tr	O	It was the first time Neil had been alone with them , and it went better than he expected it to .
tr	O	Even Victoria raised her hands but her brother shook his head .
tr	I	The dam broke and I turned away .
tr	I	The men remembered there was some shooting to do and presently the hoopla died down .
tr	O	Meagan was still pulling on my arm and she had fear written all over face .
tr	I	The look on his face told me he hadn 't gotten far , but he gave me a nod as I walked in .
tr	I	Then she straightened them again , but his sister 's shoulders slumped .
tr	O	The collective of alphas could take her away , but she knew she wouldn 't let it happen .
tr	O	My legs wobbled , and I held on tighter , gripping his hands .
tr	I	You 're out the exit portal , and step into the portal , take another step .
tr	I	I do , but I shouldn 't think it 's funny .
tr	I	I didn 't bring anything , but I hate to break it to you .
tr	I	His eyes shut tight and it found him in his corner still , with his hands over his ears .
tr	O	Eve made a small noise and he glanced at her .
tr	I	I 'd seen things no human being should ever see and I was forty years old .
tr	I	My breathing just plain stopped , and her breathing picked up , steaming up my neck .
tr	I	He had stopped all the icy spikes , but Zell turned to scan for any injuries .
tr	O	She opens her mouth to answer , but nothing comes out .
tr	O	Seeing it as their last chance to trap us , they had delayed us and now we were probably seconds away from slaughter .
tr	O	They stood at the end of the path , where the boy 's dorm went to the left , and Carrie 's to the right .
tr	I	He 's adding up the totals with his calculator and Will is taking the stacks as they are finished .
tr	I	Their eyes met once more , and Delphine glanced over her shoulder .
tr	I	Their luck may not hold out , but they had been lucky so far .
tr	O	He actually nodded low with that , and it was quite a notable move .
tr	I	A second later , began to chuckle himself and he looked at her .
tr	I	It simply wasn 't possible , and he 'd gone over that a thousand times .
tr	O	I have no idea , but I 'm glad for it .
tr	I	Blood spurted out of the knight 's face and he punched .
tr	O	Now I realized he meant what lurked within me , and it had probably been there since before the accident .
tr	O	There was a big party on the last night of finals and everyone was in a great mood because we were free for a few weeks .
tr	O	He was her sexy rebel and she was so glad he was here .
tr	O	The back of Nicolas 's mind itched as if he was forgetting something , but he was too content to give it any thought .
tr	I	It was the truth , but people probably thought it shallow .
tr	O	One day he 'd go down fighting , but he refused to give up .
tr	I	Something was still off ... but he should be relieved .
tr	I	Dave had a feeling things would get worse before they got better . and a crisis was brewing .
tr	O	He lifted his head , and the look in his eyes made her breath catch .
tr	O	I was in college studying psychology and he was taking some time off to figure out what he wanted to do .
tr	I	I did not run but I have been beaten .
tr	I	She held her breath , wondering what he was going to say and his head tilted slightly .
tr	O	It would have been wrong , and yet I knew she would never leave me .
tr	I	I recognized him now , but he was as much a skeleton as he was a man .
tr	I	I kept replaying the kiss over in my mind and I could still feel Nicole 's lips on mine .
tr	O	It would take a long time , and my time was in short supply .
tr	O	The following morning brought more surprises , too , and none of them were good .
tr	O	She 'd just be alone in spirit , but that was enough .
tr	O	Auron 's saber slid over her blade and as he pressed down , she pushed up .
tr	I	She is in for a big surprise , but Kit never wants to see the man again .
tr	I	Final measurements were necessary to complete the process , but we had a good estimate of your size .
tr	O	Shelby fell out of my grip , deadweight , and I fell back into the cabinets behind me .
tr	O	I don 't know who Hunter is , and now I can 't go to class .
tr	I	It was impossible , but he tried to conceal a smile .
tr	I	I stared at James , disgusted , and a wave of horror washed over me .
tr	O	Her face did not show fear , but it did show disgust .
tr	I	That was not a surprise , but she didn 't hear him move .
tr	I	There were several scratch golfers in his flight , but Dave 's handicap was down to a six .
tr	I	The damage was done , but I slapped her away .
tr	I	He deposited her in the driver 's seat and she pulled the heavy door open .
tr	I	He goes to look away and his face begins to drop when I don 't respond .
tr	I	She is six and he is nine .
tr	O	She tried to form words , but a complete word did not come out .
tr	O	Hiro laughed once and everyone looked at him .
tr	I	We enjoyed the warmth of each other for most of the morning and he put his arm around me .
tr	I	That pissed me off , and his tone was casual .
tr	O	She opened her mouth to give the order to go forward with the raid , but at that moment the opening of the doors made her pause .
tr	O	The two boys shot each other deadly glances , and then Thorne turned his attention right back to me .
tr	I	As it grew , he realized that it was not a storm at all , but the terrible storm soon comprised the entire sky .
tr	I	It appears , and you kind of need something .
tr	O	Sara opened her mouth to reply , but Christopher silenced her with a kiss .
tr	O	She was exhausted from his attentions , and he 'd lost count of the times he 'd made her call his name .
tr	O	FOURTEEN We pull into the underground parking garage without a problem , and once we 're inside , I can exhale .
tr	O	She was getting close to the end of her life , but she was content that it had been a full one .
tr	I	She stops me with her hand but I move to walk past her .
tr	I	His breath forces its way into my nostrils , and he speaks .
tr	O	We 've got ourselves boxed in and there 's only one direction we can go .
tr	O	Autumn was almost on them , but this far from the Gray Mountains it was not yet cold .
tr	I	He looked so young , and his gaze grew wistful .
tr	I	Blow dried my long hair and I did my morning routine as best as I could .
tr	I	She accepted the gesture and he held out his hand .
tr	I	The scanner 's insistent beeping meant they were headed the right way but Going off-road made for a bumpy ride .
tr	O	They all wear these pointy black shoes , and every one of them wants a shine .
tr	O	This cannot be avoided , and you should not worry about it .
tr	O	He stared back at me , and in that moment , I realized I probably should 've kept my mouth shut .
tr	I	I was his and Owen was mine .
tr	O	Bob was very still , and his face was pasty .
tr	O	I wish I could tell you otherwise , but I can 't .
tr	I	He seemed confident he could withstand the financial pressures of the lawsuit , and Patton French probably had more money than anyone there .
tr	O	The death color had faded from her hair , but that pale sound brought strands of black back into the red .
tr	I	Nothing else was coming to mind and she was afraid to get near the horses .
tr	I	They carried their food to the empty table , and Hayden paid for both of them .
tr	I	I nodded , and asked Colette .
tr	O	He had proof , or he thought he did .
tr	O	Unless they pulled out of the contract , she had to or she 'd turn her family against her .
tr	I	They couldn 't have been luckier , but they hadn 't picked the judge .
tr	O	I couldn 't even move a muscle , and I started to breathe heavily .
tr	O	I do my best to keep looking at his face but I can 't seem to stop my eyes from dripping below his neck .
tr	O	I mention that and he smiles without incriminating himself .
tr	I	Mrs. Kilpatrick would have laid down her life for her and Julia had been there two months .
tr	O	The back was the kind that slid off , but it was tight .
tr	O	Our heads were below the water and we were drowning in the power .
tr	I	He returns his attention immediately to the distraught girl , but at that Baldwin can 't suppress a little laugh .
tr	I	She would die in delicious agony ... at Damon 's hand and he would punish Elena in ways she had never dreamed about .
tr	O	The walls are paneled in wood , and the floor is wood , also .
tr	O	It should 've served as a warning , but I found myself staring at those lips in place of paying attention to him .
tr	O	It wasn 't for another couple hours but he would use the game as an excuse to leave if he needed to .
tr	O	I didn 't want to open my eyes , but I couldn 't go back to sleep with Joshua snapping at Eric , with Eric crying .
tr	O	Maybe he went back to the house , and Michael didn 't notice .
tr	I	I nearly collapsed from the suddenness of it , and Relief sagged my shoulders .
tr	O	She was sure the walls would hold , but the idea of being trapped in her own home , surrounded by rotting corpses made her skin crawl .
tr	O	My room was almost the same as I had remembered from before , but this corridor - this was completely different .
tr	I	I press my lips against his softly , and my fingers smooth over his closed eyes .
tr	O	I want you gone and to leave Savannah alone .
tr	I	I had no doubt in my mid who it was , but I couldn 't see who was at the other end of the tentacles .
tr	I	Rachel wondered if she 'd just made an idiot of herself , and when his gaze returned to her eyes , his expression was unreadable .
tr	O	Yellow is their hair , and bright are their spears .
tr	I	He wouldn 't hit anything beyond twenty feet , but the pistols were his best bet if he got surrounded .
tr	I	Nothing happens , but he taps a panel on the wall where it looks like something should shoot out .
tr	I	I halt beside him and Lennox stops .
tr	O	A small part of me wanted to stop her , but the rest of me craved her touch .
tr	I	The vehicle went through me in a rush , the vacuum holding me breathless for a moment before I fell and our souls disconnected .
tr	O	She wasn 't opposed to it , but it just wasn 't the time .
tr	I	She smiled and he shook his head .
tr	O	Mr. Clause leaves me with special cards , and in certain instances , such as this one , he wants me to hand them out .
tr	I	Sometimes we camped and sometimes we 'd stay with them .
tr	I	Without further pomp , we were again on the move , and the wheels of the vehicle bounced forward .
tr	O	Sakura tried to sit up , but pain shot through her ankle .
tr	I	She hadn 't called , but he 'd even cleared his schedule in anticipation of working at Lauren 's house .
tr	O	The courtyards of the fort were filled with statues , but they weren 't like statues of little children .
tr	I	I don 't fear death and I don 't fear you .
tr	I	She may have been aware of what was going on , but he doubted she was in on it .
tr	I	Around her feet stirred a puddle of darkness , but her eyes , her hair , even her gown were bone white .
tr	O	Ben tried from the other side but the king-size bed was too wide .
tr	O	If my blood got me here , so be it , but my talent was going to keep me here .
tr	O	Glancing at the door , Eve fully expected Alec to enter , yet she was still oddly surprised when he did .
tr	O	She waved at him and Danny waved weakly back .
tr	O	he asks and I shiver .
tr	I	She avoided looking at her , but her head involuntarily jerked toward Neela .
tr	O	The first moccasin came off , and she started on the next .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I tried to recall it .
tr	I	To Jace it felt like forever , but it was only a few moments that he knelt on the ground as his hammering pulse slowed .
tr	I	I didn 't , but I just wanted to hang up the phone , to throw it across the room .
tr	I	With the clear night she was able to get the full view , and this was the highest up in the mountain she 'd ever go .
tr	I	If it requested a reply , she was going to send it , and it was probably from another child , though .
tr	O	Her eyelids felt heavy and it was an effort to open her eyes .
tr	O	She couldn 't always predict results , but that didn 't mean she couldn 't sometimes predict them , when given enough information .
tr	O	Sanders is renowned for her security measures , but she 's very hard to get .
tr	O	He was moving fluidly , holding her easily , and she wanted to get closer to him .
tr	I	Cordova felt her skin tingle in anticipation , and Lyon stepped forward , closing the distance between them .
tr	O	She laughed again , and I took a step back from her .
tr	O	It was just madness , and it sounded incredibly confusing .
tr	O	He had the same oversized onyx eyes that I did and a tall frame topped with almost black , wavy hair .
tr	O	I should be freaked out , but I wasn 't .
tr	O	After a few more jabs , Lea started to throw a right straight , but Luisa was already ducking .
tr	I	She had not seen him since last evening , and Juanita said he had left early .
tr	I	We both rolled so we were on our sides , and I fell against him .
tr	I	She was otherwise uninjured , but her arm was bleeding .
tr	I	She just couldn 't say no and he needed to talk to someone .
tr	O	The Master had asked him to keep their memory alive , and he 'd done one better .
tr	I	Sam caught him by the wrist , and he turned to leave .
tr	O	Black couldn 't believe that Sophie would ring him at this location , and yet he was surprised to hear the voice of his boss .
tr	O	Holiday had on a pair of sandals , and her toenails were painted a soft pink .
tr	I	It consumed him , and his first emotion since waking up .
tr	I	I guess I 'd been wrong , but I would have thought she 'd be uncomfortable doing it anyway .
tr	O	I was the one , and Bryce wasn 't .
tr	O	He doesn 't stop me from leaving , and I slam the door .
tr	I	Virtually all of them are masterpieces of some sort , and the man has more paintings than the Louvre I think .
tr	O	I asked as Zoe and I left the classroom .
tr	I	Claire zipped me into it and I stepped into the dress .
tr	I	I swat it back down with a smack and he reaches his hand out as if he was going to grab one of my curls .
tr	I	Yet I 'd gotten one bad sunburn as a teenager , and my mom had been almost OCD about not letting us burn when we were kids .
tr	I	His rear sagged to the ground , and his launch toward his owner was completed on his belly .
tr	O	This time he wore a simple Western business suit , but his face was neutral , as if he were delivering a recorded message .
tr	O	He felt a small twinge of guilt because he was preparing to manipulate her , but he knew he 'd get over it .
tr	O	She 'd never believed in taking the regular , boring route for anything and she wasn 't going to start now .
tr	O	What I needed was a way to achieve this balance between utter sensation and blocking it all out completely .
tr	O	I was tempted to think the worst , but I couldn 't allow myself to do that .
tr	O	He wanted to talk to Ellery in private , but she had refused .
tr	O	Mary gave me his cell phone number , and I wrote it down .
tr	O	She might have quenched the fire I 'd created , but she hadn 't stopped the source .
tr	I	It requires certain adjustments , and our situation is most peculiar .
tr	O	His thumb circled against hers , and Liz 's shoulders gradually slumped .
tr	I	An almost silent sigh would say more than she ever wanted to hear , but no one would ever say anything about it .
tr	O	We 've been best friends since Kindergarten and we 've never left Jonesville .
tr	I	I knew I was screwed , and Torin 's expression grew thunderous .
tr	O	I turn toward Mach to demand what this is , but he 's gone .
tr	I	Ella 's drifting off to sleep and by the time we get there it 's past midnight .
tr	I	She doesn 't release my arm , but she carefully lets me sit up .
tr	I	She smiled at me softly and a wave of an unfamiliar emotion ran through me .
tr	I	He 'd insisted on it so she felt she had no choice , but she still wasn 't convinced it was the right thing to do .
tr	I	I could feel my blood boiling and the close proximity to Kiran had sweat pouring down my face .
tr	O	He looked like he was about to refuse , but after searching her face , he gave in .
tr	O	Onyx thought about that , but his gut feeling said no .
tr	I	Mrs. Carlson pressed on , but Nick started to object .
tr	O	She nods , and I head to the stairs .
tr	I	The back part fell to my calves , but the front of the dress hung around my knees .
tr	I	For him , I would try , but I didn 't want to stay awake .
tr	I	He 'd quickly decided it wasn 't to his benefit , but they 'd been trying to go into business with Damien .
tr	I	The body armour had absorbed the impact of her fall and her metal helmet had protected her head .
tr	O	Maybe it 's just common sense , but I thought that was what made us stronger than them , our knowledge .
tr	O	I 'm so close to finding out , yet I 'm not ready to fully seal my fate just yet .
tr	I	I was going to make sure it was one of our stops tonight and Liza loved dancing .
tr	I	We were all soaked and the rain was still coming down fairly hard .
tr	O	She opened her mouth to protest , to warn him , but it was too late .
tr	I	Danica , well , she ´ s being herself and Dante ´ s covering his eyes .
tr	I	I had to believe he was all right , but I couldn 't see him through the fire .
tr	I	The elevator ride seemed to take hours , but her apartment was on the second floor .
tr	I	I closed my eyes to enjoy it to the fullest , and The rose had been chosen for smell , not appearance .
tr	O	When Tom found Pardon 's door open , the body wasn 't there , but the furniture was not in its usual order .
tr	I	Losing you would have ended me , but losing our child was awful .
tr	I	He had the right to defend her honor but she agreed that Xavier 's temper got the best of him once in a while .
tr	I	He took the role seriously , and he was always the one that looked out for his men .
tr	I	I 'm obliged , and I know you did .
tr	I	She had a good life and Joe was a good husband .
tr	O	My words poured out of me , and I realised that I 'd never actually told anyone any of this before .
tr	I	She jerked him back , and Holly 's hands closed around his shoulders .
tr	I	We can 't find it , but we search for the watch .
tr	O	He put his hand on Lola 's and I watched as both of their hands disappeared .
tr	I	We raced along the stone wall and SIX Grace tugged my hand .
tr	I	His hair was drying in spirals , and the bruises on his forearms were fading .
tr	I	The detached kitchen still felt like ... home , but he 'd abandoned the house years ago .
tr	O	I tried to hold onto our friendship when I left , but like with most of my friends , we 'd drifted .
tr	I	I hated how sexy it sounded and Levi laughed .
tr	I	The guys never let her forget it and she was still the girl .
tr	O	It 's been such a long time since we had a moment like this and I had almost forgotten why I liked them so much .
tr	O	Summer 's voice shook slightly , and she sounded close to tears .
tr	I	She smiled as she ate a grape , and I just nodded .
tr	O	His eyes were bloodshot , and he rubbed at them .
tr	O	I 'm standing in the aisle Evie and I walked down to make our vows .
tr	O	Making Kelly blush was one of his favorite things , and he fully planned to make her blush in their bed soon , too .
tr	O	There were many doors , and only a few men were lurking in the rooms .
tr	O	She thrust the dish toward him and his hands sank under the weight of it .
tr	O	He must be starving , but when Matt tried to take him something earlier today , Damon threw the whole tray at him .
tr	I	It doesn 't mean I have to agree with everything he says , but I don 't want to stress out the man .
tr	O	The opportunities were there for the taking and he almost certainly would have taken them .
tr	O	He tried stopping all functions , but that just made things uncomfortable .
tr	O	A quiet tear rolls down my cheek , and I don 't wipe it away .
tr	O	Andy didn 't look happy , but after much deliberation , we finally decided to get to the surface before any seismic activity struck .
tr	I	He nodded , and he looked to Jimmy for reassurance .
tr	I	I didn 't trust him to take care of it and I would be giving it to him .
tr	O	Even my ex-boyfriends have only ever said that I was cute and my mom never once in my life has called me beautiful .
tr	I	A human male walked in and the tent flap was pulled back .
tr	I	She plummeted into the well of power that was suddenly overflowing inside of her , and the demon lunged .
tr	I	That was clearer in retrospect than it had been at the time , and Vivian was a master manipulator .
tr	O	Another story will come along and they 'll forget about me .
tr	O	Watery light was coming through the windows and the day was grey with drizzle .
tr	I	I don 't jump to conclusions and I don 't make rash decisions .
tr	O	He gave me a quick wink and I could feel my cheeks getting warm .
tr	I	He certainly can 't swallow it , but the lava won 't hurt him .
tr	I	My back pierces in agony , but I attempt to move .
tr	O	He smiled back , relieved , and I saw his charm instantly .
tr	O	There was a pause and I could tell he was considering what she had said .
tr	O	He looked back up at me to try it again , and he remembered , though the pain seemed to only increase .
tr	I	I allowed my tongue to touch his , and his tongue met mine .
tr	I	I glanced back up the stairs and we finished with the bed .
tr	O	The number was unlisted , but I picked it up anyway .
tr	O	I could hear the sound of my sobs echoing in the fire-pit area , but no one came to investigate ... naturally .
tr	I	He saw how much he had hurt her and when he reached out to take her hand , she flinched .
tr	O	We need you , and she understands that .
tr	O	Not a muscle moved on Dominic 's face , and his silence continued to the point of awkwardness .
tr	O	The Greater Council would meet , and he had a visit to the docks .
tr	I	She 'd ignore the sorry , or she would not feel sorry .
tr	O	He only expected some thing , but there was no some thing .
tr	O	He had lots of other guns but this one was his constant companion .
tr	O	My throat closes and I blink furiously .
tr	O	At that comment her face relaxed and her lips curved in a smile .
tr	O	The numb feeling started to come back , but my mind kept racing through the options .
tr	O	An innocent woman was dead when I should have been instead , and Clementine had to pay for her mistake , simple as that .
tr	I	Then I didn 't see her , and she was in the bathroom for a long time .
tr	O	The way he cantered around the ring taking jump after jump so effortlessly , it appeared he and the horse were one being .
tr	I	That was a long time ago , but look , I did .
tr	I	I didn 't loosen my grip and I didn 't release him .
tr	O	We got to the garage and I used the keypad to get the gates to swing open .
tr	I	The unseen servants who staffed Hades 's palace would clean it later , but I winced .
tr	O	Raping her and murdering her ?
tr	I	We stoop under the curtain of cotton branches , and she glances around anxiously , links arms with me .
tr	O	Yes , I missed having a family , but I had other things to occupy me .
tr	I	She just ignored them but they laughed at her again .
tr	O	She had no idea what he was talking about and honestly she didn 't care .
tr	I	Her legs crossed properly , as she focused typing at her computer and her posture was perfect .
tr	I	It wasn 't only about her plan , but he paused to think for a moment .
tr	O	He hadn 't tried to talk to me since that first day , and his voice directed at me again did strange things to me .
tr	I	I felt caught in a crossfire , and the ladies looked at me together .
tr	O	Apollo rolled his eyes and I laughed .
tr	O	I really needed to watch how much I drank so that I didn 't get too tipsy , but it was too tempting to continue drinking .
tr	O	It was sad to witness it , but telling him about it would serve no purpose .
tr	O	Not only was she immune to the effects of the curiosities but she also intuitively understood how they worked .
tr	I	She couldn 't go through with it , but your sister aimed the gun at your father .
tr	O	His worried eyes focused on her and when he noticed she was okay , he smiled the nicest smile Katie had ever seen .
tr	I	He never would but he 'd tell my gull ible stupid sister that he was leaving his wife .
tr	I	Dina steps out , and the hatch opens .
tr	O	It was Eadie 's idea in the first place but it was finally Edward who went down with such force as to burst a cushion .
tr	I	Her nostrils flared , and two angry spots of colour burned on my aunt 's cheeks .
tr	O	I 'm afraid , but I can let go .
tr	I	A low-grade stench wafted from the dead greenery , and plants had been blackened all along this unholy trail .
tr	I	It would have been rude , but I wanted to ask .
tr	O	He waves to Temple , and she waves back .
tr	I	It 's not really my scene , but I tag along with Skye occasionally .
tr	O	He 's got his shirt tucked into his back pocket and his muscled back is glistening with sweat .
tr	I	She offered him no comfort , and she was his Bride , his wife .
tr	O	It had seemed too quiet , and there were no bodies anywhere .
tr	I	It gave him even more courage , and for the briefest moment he saw fear in all those yellow eyes surrounding him .
tr	I	The numbered flags on poles betrayed its real purpose , but it looked like a movie set of a wharf scene .
tr	I	She was smart , but Arianna was the most at danger .
tr	O	I kissed him , and he responded .
tr	I	Our senior soon joined in seeing the funny side of it too , and there was clearly no harm intended in our laughter .
tr	I	We are , but I know you don 't believe me .
tr	I	Her hair was in its usual coronet , and she was wearing her embroidered green midday robe .
tr	O	Almost the entire field of evangelical religion is too cerebral , and that isn 't what we see in the New Testament .
tr	I	There 's a strange groaning sound and the castle hallway is dimly lit .
tr	O	My little chuckle turns into a big chuckle , and then I start laughing .
tr	I	It would draw curious eyes , but wearing the cloak at all times might have made lifting her head easier .
tr	I	All went immediately silent and Frank raised his hand for quiet .
tr	O	His intention was to keep running toward Merlin 's but his dodge had forced his hand .
tr	O	I 'm just not satisfied with the way things are , but I don 't think I can change them .
tr	O	We 're running out of time , but I can 't fire at them .
tr	O	My mind went blank , but after a moment I thought about the layout of the ground floor of the hotel .
tr	O	I heard the sound of the two priests beating on the wall and that made my decision for me .
tr	I	His brows shot up his forehead in astonishment , and his head snapped back to me .
tr	O	He didn 't quite smile but his lips were twitching .
tr	O	It was supposed to be gold , but its center was now pale white , as if it had turned to crystal .
tr	I	I felt delicious with need , and my body ached for him .
tr	I	I was scared to hear what he was going to say and all my worst fears were coming true .
tr	O	As he pressed it he heard the trunk door pop open and he leaned back upright .
tr	O	It 's the reason I chose to forgive her in my heart , but the very same reason I could never forget .
tr	O	I wasn 't expecting that but I could cope with it .
tr	O	He stretched her beyond the point of pain , but so many sensations mingled it was impossible to extract it from the pleasure .
tr	O	She went to close the door , but the large chest caught her eye .
tr	O	I couldn 't hide the shivers that rolled through me and I arched myself more , pressing my ass into him .
tr	I	He never believed them , but he had heard the stories of those who claimed to have had just this sort of close encounter .
tr	O	Finally the struggle to decide how to react overwhelmed her , and she sat on the ground , looking up at him .
tr	O	Blood began to flow , making her grip less than certain , and she stepped back quickly , trying to buy herself a little bit of time .
tr	O	Now there was heat swirling around his gut and he knew it wasn 't just the scotch .
tr	I	Yet they offer themselves like little lambs , and they believe themselves to be sharp operators .
tr	O	Before she finished saying the words her lip shook and a fresh wave of tears spilled from her eyes .
tr	I	He paled , as he shot Deckard a look of panic and Kropp 's eyes went glassy .
tr	O	Her hand found his and she held it tight .
tr	I	Her eyes searched his , and she stopped , turned .
tr	O	His room might be on the complete opposite side of the house from my room , sure , but it was something .
tr	I	The man with the knife wasn 't hesitating as he jerked her out of the car , and she was in the middle of nowhere .
tr	I	That unfortunately included Fran , and the last thing I needed right now was to be around people .
tr	I	Her plans were different , but he 'd planned on asking her to spend the night , something he never did .
tr	O	You become very calm , very centered , and your energy level drops more than ever .
tr	O	The closet spins a half step to the left , and I stumble .
tr	O	She definitely liked Boston , at least what she 'd seen of it , and starting tomorrow , she 'd explore more .
tr	I	The other two wanted to smoke , and William asked about Danny 's ankle .
tr	I	He was worried that his mother would be concerned and the incident on the beach had lasted longer than his usual swim .
tr	I	This is lightweight for Brie and I knew she was gunning for me .
tr	I	My mouth dropped open , and my eyes became wide .
tr	I	It sent shivers over her skin , and he 'd never sounded like that before .
tr	O	He was of about average height , but his thick build made him intimidating .
tr	I	Physicists knew very little of its topography , yet kratos was a fairly large planet in terms of circumference .
tr	I	Both are in complete remission , and two cancer patients , both youngsters , were each taking NIL along with chemotherapy .
tr	I	You being here is a major step ... for both of us , but it 's a hard thing to get over Kiddo .
tr	O	You may travel alone , but we will be there every step of the way .
tr	I	As they staggered leftward they changed in pattern markedly and there were now pronounced hiccups .
tr	O	I 've put some yarrow leaves under his bandage , and I 'm just boiling him up some willow bark tea .
tr	O	Aran had been through a lot in the past few days , but this kid had a much worse encounter than he ever could imagine .
tr	I	I be no fool , but Drunk I may be , soon if not now .
tr	I	She was beginning to think they were lost , and they 'd been riding for over two hours .
tr	I	Finally , she rested her head onto Aidan 's shoulder , but Bailey cried some more .
tr	I	There was no way I could cross the space between us before he brought the gun to bear , but the muzzle was pointed toward the floor .
tr	O	Sela 's eyes clouded with sadness , and she let go of my hand .
tr	I	The wind was so strong that I had to hold on to Emma to keep her stable and the rain was running down my neck .
tr	O	They had called out , but no one had answered .
tr	O	Tonia 's face lit up , and too late he realized that he 'd sounded like he was flirting with her .
tr	I	Ma didn 't mind but it wasn 't an expensive meal to make , just lots of work .
tr	I	It was a garden , as well but it was an office .
tr	I	The two of us listened to the trickling of the fountain and after I told my story , Clarissa leaned back against the stone wall .
tr	O	He 'd stopped too but he didn 't say a word .
tr	I	It resisted by trying to thrash Edna with its wings and it had a wingspan equal to her height .
tr	I	The only time I sat down was to pee , and there were days when I barely saw daylight , ate every meal straight from the microwave .
tr	O	No , she thought , but he had been thinking it .
tr	O	It startles me terribly , and I try to scream .
tr	O	They were broad of beam so that they could carry more cargo , and they wallowed along like pregnant whales .
tr	I	I was lucky with the other tucked in my pocket , but no lip balm .
tr	O	Horses would have been a faster travel option , but we were afraid of attracting any unnecessary attention .
tr	O	It might be one of the greatest coincidences in history , but it wasn 't true .
tr	O	With great effort , she returned her attention to the journal , but the endless pages of code were unable to engage her mind .
tr	O	It made me write it out again , and it became another book .
tr	I	The front door swung open , and he pulled his fist back .
tr	I	She squeezed his hand , and he looked at Emerson .
tr	O	They knew he loved his grandfather , but he 'd left without a word .
tr	O	Various sizes of dark blue candles burned and she glanced up as Katherine watched her .
tr	O	Accept God into your life again and you will be cleansed .
tr	O	If anything , Neil wanted Raven to think he and Gwen were hiding out together .
tr	O	He didn 't appear nervous , but I couldn 't be certain .
tr	O	Father Seymour took a seat on the couch in the living room and Joseph sat across from him in a chair .
tr	O	A sharp piece had embedded itself into her palm , and blood pooled at the point of injury .
tr	I	So in some subconscious way considered him sexless , and she didn 't see him as a man .
tr	I	He also wanted me to stop , but he loved me , wanted me .
tr	I	My throat was dry again , but I tried to say more .
tr	O	She looked over at me and her eyes were glassy from tears .
tr	I	I was starting to feel sick and we were on our second pitcher .
tr	O	He 'd stayed still while she 'd been staring at him , but he looked away now , a muscle flexing in his jaw .
tr	O	She 'd taken him off guard , and suddenly she could feel - everything .
tr	I	There was nothing I could say but I could feel him slipping away with each second .
tr	I	Only a weak groan came forth , but Rayna tried to speak .
tr	O	This find is priceless , and I will pay you in kind .
tr	I	The effort appeared to cause her pain , but the female tried to growl at her .
tr	O	She made a move to grab the notepad , but Tyler grabbed her hand instead , staying it .
tr	I	I can 't give a name and I don 't give a name .
tr	I	Contracts are inviolate according to that law and what was done was done by contract .
tr	I	I can 't be so callous , but I want you in every conceivable means .
tr	O	It wasn 't a particularly dangerous area , but it wasn 't where businesses that made much money had offices .
tr	O	His eyes narrowed but his smile never left his face .
tr	I	I kinda need you tonight , and you 'll get in trouble .
tr	I	They could not see me , but I could see our prey .
tr	I	His anger urged him to get this over with , but Percival took a moment to slow his labored breathing .
tr	O	I had to maintain control , or I would lose whatever trust these men still had in me .
tr	I	Alice had some very powerful magic at her disposal , but again , no one is sure how .
tr	O	He was feverish , and I was desperate .
tr	O	She lifted her head in response and our eyes met .
tr	I	He knew her current hot button , and he 'd never been one for the easy way .
tr	O	The hoof rose easily and he nestled it between his thighs .
tr	O	There was a small nub where her nose used to be , and what was left of her ears was melted against her head .
tr	I	A pale , delicate hand flew to his chest , stopping him but he took a rigid step toward me .
tr	O	I moved forward and they both turned around to try to make a run for it , so I lifted up .
tr	O	One had to do with safety and the other covers the company policies .
tr	O	He finished , still embarrassed , but half laughing .
tr	O	His Noise gets uglier , louder , but his face is all blank like a terror from a dream .
tr	I	She had never responded , but I sent her a text , just to make sure she had gotten back to Alexandria safely .
tr	O	She drove Carol crazy with her loony advice , but Carol knew it was deeply rooted in love .
tr	O	Surely this was the very embodiment of fear , but it was not merely fear that rooted her to the spot .
tr	O	She turned back to the window with her hands on her hips and an eyebrow raised .
tr	O	She carried a torch for Mr. Meyer again , and she made Caitlin 's life completely miserable .
tr	O	I told him to go away , but he wouldn 't .
tr	O	Her bottom lip was starting to tremble and she lowered her head .
tr	I	I shoot a look at Allison , who is now staring straight at her father , a tiny smirk on her face and my mouth falls open .
tr	O	When Rafe opened the door , he found her in bed scantily dressed , but she wasn 't alone .
tr	I	Motions for Serena to do the same , and Hailey sits down on the old cot .
tr	I	That wouldn 't be in the Christmas spirit , but I kind of want to smash the radio .
tr	I	She was called back by her mother , but Riki , of course , followed him .
tr	I	The person who brought the sunnier side out of me is no longer in my life and I 've felt differently only once .
tr	I	Her will iron and Taya 's mind was sharp .
tr	O	Rachel 's reply was official enough , but Daniel detected some nervousness about it .
tr	I	Beth could hear the crickets beginning their evening song , and the faint echo of thunder sounded in the distance .
tr	I	The first two buttons of his shirt were undone and he carried his blue pinstripe suit jacket over his arm .
tr	I	Rema could hear them arguing , but Cassie slammed the door shut .
tr	O	Girls look innocent , but they are cruel .
tr	I	Blood would be spilled and the Horde would ride .
tr	O	The words slipped out of Viktor 's mouth before he could stop them , and they hit his father like a bundle of bricks .
tr	O	She cried out and I smiled .
tr	I	Even though it was over in two seconds , it felt good , and that was the first damn laugh I 'd had in two months .
tr	I	Then I thought about our history , but I didn 't want to get his hopes up .
tr	O	One stopped and he got in .
tr	I	The cover of darkness fell and he rode until dawn came .
tr	O	She held her stuffed animal tucked close to her chest , and she smiled peacefully .
tr	I	I ain 't stayin in Longview , but that 's fine .
tr	I	This time the entire crowd sang at the same time but as the murmuring of the crowd finally died down , Sophie sang again .
tr	O	I mentally relived that evening and I felt again me impotent .
tr	I	Of course she just came back , but Riley shoved her away .
tr	O	Devon had run , and Garrett had faced his problems head-on .
tr	I	He was officially late for class and the bell rang .
tr	I	They finished off their set and AJ took over .
tr	I	I just let it go but it put me on edge .
tr	O	The woman flips over two more cards , explaining them to Charlie , but I don 't hear a single word she says .
tr	O	All her fears came together at once and for a moment she felt as if she might throw up .
tr	O	Most are vague , but there are a couple of the others like Lily I remember .
tr	O	He turned in the driver 's side seat and half smiled at me .
tr	I	Yet it sounded like I was asking her to a church social , and her situation was dire , even she knew that .
tr	O	This night felt different from the moment she arrived , but she did her best to brush the feeling off .
tr	O	He had done so with the help of uninteresting algorithms , yet the result was very different from the origins .
tr	O	I used to live in a squat on Spadina , but the police cleared us out .
tr	I	I won 't bother to tell you what they said and no one seemed to mind if they bumped into me .
tr	I	He redeemed himself and Buck was close on to bein ' sober .
tr	O	Guy had been watching Erica , but at this he broke in .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure , but she thought she recognized the voice 's accent .
tr	O	She waited in the moonlight for a sign , some proof he was really there but none came .
tr	O	I knew you 'd be the first , but the rest of them have time yet .
tr	I	Everything she had worked for would be cast into the gutter , or Breedlove needed this assignment to go smoothly .
tr	O	It 's Drogheda and she 's shaking my shoulder .
tr	I	I took a deep breath as we headed toward the house , and he pulled the car into the driveway .
tr	I	She clapped her mouth shut , and her voice rose in volume .
tr	O	As Zach smashed , more blood spewed from the thing and it eventually retreated back into the unit .
tr	I	I am always happy to receive them and your letters are so very important to me .
tr	I	Their results are amazing , but his methods are shocking .
tr	I	It roared into life , and I started the engine .
tr	O	Neal was a necessity , but the other Shifters gave him a wide berth .
tr	I	Since she 'd lost the last child she 'd been carrying , Lucian was extra protective of her , and Leigh was pregnant .
tr	O	I got in bed , but I couldn 't sleep .
tr	I	This time , it didn 't make her warm on the inside , but another deep laugh erupted from him .
tr	I	Angus wasn 't so lucky , but Gilda slid through easily .
tr	I	I imagined myself kissing them and she slowly sucked the oyster sauce from the spoon with her ruby red lips .
tr	O	More than one wave washed over her head and she was never quite sure how they managed to reach the boat .
tr	O	He stared at her and his heart flipped over .
tr	I	The excitement is hard to keep out of my voice , but I 'm trying to be comforting .
tr	O	I 'm not going to stop loving you , and I 'm certainly not going to stop asking .
tr	I	He blocked my way , but I tried to turn .
tr	I	She sidestepped him but Zach reached out for her .
tr	O	Mandi was shaking and adrenaline had helped her bitter words escape her lips .
tr	I	In the depths of his mahogany eyes there was a warmth that was for her alone , but he looked cool , unruffled as always .
tr	O	She wouldn 't put them all at risk by lying about that , but there was far more to this cave system than she was revealing .
tr	I	I could hear the worried edge in it , but he tried to make his tone joking .
tr	I	I certainly didn 't want to start a fire under the pot of his anger and I didn 't want to argue the point .
tr	O	She wanted to be excited about it , but the truth was that she was scared .
tr	I	His nose was colder , but his lips were cold .
tr	O	I knew she was trying to lighten the mood , but my thoughts were five steps ahead .
tr	I	It shined a faint light on Kenny 's face , but very few of its features were able to work .
tr	O	Josephine 's jaw tightened and she jerked away from the window .
tr	O	He said stared down at her intensely , and she found herself gripped in his gaze .
tr	O	A smoldering stub of a cigarette was clenched between her fingers , and she held a small glass ashtray in her opposite palm .
tr	O	He might have to slip into the building at night , but that wasn 't his primary plan , merely a possibility .
tr	I	He yelled for everyone to climb in the rear and the remaining vehicles slowed to a stop in front .
tr	O	There was my old Super Nintendo system sitting in the corner , but that would net me at the most a couple hundred dollars .
tr	O	He looked a bit rumpled but it would have to do .
tr	I	I bet they were at least 1500 thread count and I knew they were Egyptian cotton .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to say , and we hadn 't spoken since his odd statement .
tr	I	I pushed back a yelp at the hideous Satan mask he wore , and a lithe figure came toward me .
tr	I	It already looks as if she is re-organizing and it is the first day back to school .
tr	I	Now the military is taking care of my mind and work at the factory had mostly prepared my body .
tr	I	She fought not to be sick and Bile rose .
tr	I	Jenny lightly pushed him back , and he gestured at me irritably .
tr	I	I wrapped my legs around him more tightly , and the look in his eyes was pure heat .
tr	O	He hadn 't been eating much lately , and his waist size had shrunk two sizes .
tr	I	He 's negotiated all of our defenses , and I 've been watching for a while .
tr	I	Our drug did not incapacitate us , but the craving was there , certainly .
tr	I	She 'd not demurred , and he 'd hinted at what he wanted to do with her .
tr	O	That might be nothing , since he knew she was with me , but it might be something , too .
tr	O	Hadley was a compulsively late person , but Garrett wasn 't , so they usually balanced each other out .
tr	O	She 'd wished so many nights in her childhood to hear those words from this man , and now she finally heard them without having to ask .
tr	I	A strong hand from behind quieted her outburst but what she found within , nearly made her scream in surprise .
tr	O	It was clear that he had a mission , and it was more important than I knew before .
tr	O	He continued shouting at her , but she couldn 't hear anything .
tr	I	For once he seems like he 's telling the truth , but I search his eyes for a sign that he 's lying .
tr	I	I allowed myself the moment and his arms were very comforting .
tr	O	The sky was blackened , and the air was thick with steam .
tr	I	He drew me close to him , and I took his hand , stood .
tr	I	His consciousness was pulled unwillingly away , and the nudging became a sharp pain , however .
tr	O	I didn 't know because I 'd never lived in one , but maybe the inhabitants just ignored anyone who wasn 't like them .
tr	I	It didn 't occur to me that he actually did , but he 'd said once that he 'd always liked me .
tr	O	He 'd almost forgotten about that man , but Sarah had somehow brought him back , just as she had his nightmares .
tr	I	Then she was going to finish the ironing , and she was going to drink her tea .
tr	I	You know it , and not in all our lives .
tr	I	The angels got restless and the miles rolled by .
tr	I	Then it came back , but she went into remission when I was ten , for several years .
tr	O	The afternoon promised to be a repeat of the morning , and Clay had had enough .
tr	O	Ava hesitated , but after all their planning , after all their gambles , he knew she could not deny him now .
tr	O	My arms fly up to go around his neck and I pull him close .
tr	O	Katie slid her arm down and side hugged me , practically squeezing me to death .
tr	O	The door opened and I fell backward .
tr	I	He decided that his half-brother might have a point and Nick 's advice was still going through Sam 's head .
tr	O	You three look set on a mission , and I can tell that you were willing to risk your life for whatever it is you 're planning .
tr	O	It was cold out and the wind was picking up .
tr	I	The disc is finished and the image finally fades away .
tr	O	Francesca knew it was all show , but it still made her feel cherished .
tr	I	We will continue to fight them in the future , and wolves with honor have always fought their own battles .
tr	I	Last year 's drought reduced the waterway into a thirsty , dry bed , and the wheel had been damaged during the initial fall of the world .
tr	O	He squeezed off a shot , but the stream of fire whizzed past my shoulder .
tr	O	I turned my head and he kissed my cheek .
tr	I	To also keep their distance but he ordered them to shoot to kill .
tr	O	Most people just pretend it 's about living , but it 's not .
tr	O	He thought to write a letter , but he couldn 't think of anything to say .
tr	I	My clothes didn 't stick to my skin , and I didn 't smell my own stench .
tr	O	The walk from the car to her tiny cottage seemed like a mile but in reality it was only about twenty feet .
tr	I	My door instantly opened , and the car stopped .
tr	I	I nodded I would and she asked .
tr	O	The satisfaction of doing something well filled Kelly with pride , and for the first time in a while , she felt confident about what she did .
tr	O	We see the spectacle but we ignore the scale .
tr	O	The air settled , and there stood a man that I didn 't know .
tr	I	My asking price is slowly rising , and I 'm finally starting to make a quiet name for myself .
tr	O	Finally her sniffles became less , and she looked up to respond .
tr	I	Heaven forbid , killed , or the WTR cannot risk you being caught .
tr	I	Her father must have been , but she wasn 't like him .
tr	I	When she stopped , they stopped and when she moved , they moved .
tr	O	I knew it was in the crystal cave from Carmela , but I didn 't expect to feel so emotional about it .
tr	I	Reached for his dinner jacket and * * * Daemon fastened the ruby cuff links onto his shirt .
tr	O	Her eyes rested on Keith , and she nodded politely .
tr	I	He recovered quickly , but Maximilian was surprised .
tr	O	Verity arched her hips instinctively , and Jonas eased his thumb into her wet channel .
tr	O	They 'd slept in finer places than the Siesta Inn , and they 'd slept in worse .
tr	I	He climbed back into the tree , and the Guardian Richard had reversed course as soon as he saw Mike pull up in front of the house .
tr	O	Her hair was , unlike Luna 's , shiny and straight that runs all the way to her shoulders .
tr	I	I asked Angus to put the radio on , which he did , and I got fed up with all this silence after about an hour .
tr	O	Zach places a hand on my arm and his unwanted touch feels foreign against my skin .
tr	O	Blow her away and you blow the cover .
tr	O	The expression says he can 't tell me , and that something 's tearing him up inside .
tr	I	Now it was calling to me again , but in Tucson , I 'd been trying to hide from my magic .
tr	O	I would make it better , but I didn 't know how .
tr	I	His shadowed eyes were two black sockets , and his hair hung black over his forehead .
tr	I	Circumstances had separated them from their mothers , and both had lost their fathers at a young age .
tr	I	They all headed towards the Prayer Hall and the other sisters picked themselves up in silence .
tr	O	I wanted to go after Roth , but that didn 't make any sense .
tr	I	His weight settled on her and seconds later muscles went lax .
tr	I	He looked worried and his expression changed .
tr	I	He didn 't care , and he knew he was acting childish .
tr	O	Kelly hadn 't specifically asked her to remain silent , but Faith had respected her privacy .
tr	I	I always stopped myself before actually applying the scissors , but sometimes I yearned to hack off every freaking strand .
tr	I	I could still see it regardless , but a future I 'd chased off .
tr	O	Mike gathered more wood for the fire and they all gathered around it .
tr	I	It didn 't , but she waited for the television screen to go blank like the movie screen had .
tr	I	Rich helped her on with her coat , and they stood .
tr	O	Now it has and we 're almost done installing the weapons to our ships even as we speak .
tr	I	It reads ten after midnight , and after a good long while I glance over at the clock in the dining room .
tr	I	Will bolted upright and I stood up .
tr	O	In fact , I can see it from my bedroom window , but this is the first time that I 'm trying it out .
tr	I	It met the warm , humid skies over the sea , and I bade it fly south with us .
tr	I	The crowd from the living room had disbursed , but the house was still noisy when he reentered .
tr	I	His arm didn 't work properly anymore , but he tried to swing his sword again .
tr	O	She didn 't dare think too closely about what had transpired between Lucian and her the night before .
tr	O	A few feet to one side of Cleon , ceramic heads were bursting and limbs were getting bashed to pieces in time with his swings .
tr	I	I could feel her looking at me , and she asked .
tr	I	Even inside , I could hear him clearly , and Beck cupped his hands around his mouth .
tr	O	It was better the second time , and by the sixth time I almost had the hang of it .
tr	I	I ignored it , but my leg ached .
tr	O	I 'm not very interested in sports , but I know lots of men are .
tr	O	The door behind me shuts , and I whirl around , the paper fluttering to the ground with my movement .
tr	I	Her red lips curved into a sly smile , and Nikki looked at her with cold blue eyes .
tr	O	Nobody noticed where you went and I looked for you everywhere .
tr	O	She lifted the gun higher , and her finger tightened a little on the trigger .
tr	I	I kept a fair distance from Rob , and we began walking away from the others .
tr	O	Glide put his hand up to the border , and she raised her hand as well .
tr	I	She couldn 't move , but she tried to lift her hand as she had before .
tr	I	The blade slid harmlessly , but he struck with the knife .
tr	O	His smile falls and his teeth clench .
tr	O	You 've always just trusted me , and you 've always gotten paid .
tr	O	He 's cradling her and she has her arms wrapped around his neck , very tightly it appears .
tr	O	He was ten years older than me , but that was all part of the appeal .
tr	O	I saw his eyes and there was only one person in my life that had those eyes .
tr	I	I didn 't want to see you , but I knew you wanted to see me .
tr	I	Our legs bumped each other and Kiran adjusted his sitting position .
tr	I	Dad was the instigator , but she allowed it to happen , of course .
tr	O	The head of his cock hit that place deep , deep inside her that squirted pleasure through her body , and she moaned .
tr	I	Tears nipped at the corners of his eyes , and he tried to push away from the girl .
tr	O	He knew , and he didn 't like it .
tr	O	I look around for Him but He 's gone .
tr	I	Bryan turned up the volume and there was silence .
tr	I	The whole shebang threatened to tip over , and his eyes rolled backwards as drawers slid out of place .
tr	O	He hasn 't hit me , but he doesn 't make it easy to be around him , even just a little amount of time .
tr	I	The box closes and the light fades .
tr	I	There was nothing he could do about it , and he saw the attack about to happen .
tr	I	Cheekbones so high they looked artificially enhanced , and her mouth was too wide , nose a trace too long .
tr	O	She handed them to him , and he tossed them to a nearby table .
tr	I	Hoodie was gone but I looked up .
tr	O	A moment later a car started and headlights switched on .
tr	O	A good approach by almost any measure , but you fail to enjoy it because there goes par .
tr	I	Cabal talks right over the sound , doesn 't even notice , but there 's a muffled click from the EMP grenade activating its invisible charge .
tr	I	Callum struck him again and the bigger Reboot stumbled .
tr	O	Sherry did not think it was a very good joke , but she was excited that they would have full-time employment for the next two years .
tr	I	That vehicle was right on her tail now , and the driver had on his bright lights , too .
tr	O	His statement stilled her hands and she froze against his tall , strong frame .
tr	I	Several people killed and over forty cars had been destroyed .
tr	O	She should have wished him good luck , but the words had caught in her throat .
tr	I	A name tag reading ' Ruby ' and she had a polka dot dress on .
tr	O	Dwight had appeared out of the blue and her plans went up in smoke .
tr	I	The elf had said so himself ; everything was fair game , but normally , he wouldn 't resort to such foul play .
tr	I	His palms slide back down the tops of my thighs , and eventually , his hands loosen their grip on my hips .
tr	O	His hands lowered to firmly cup my backside and he pulled me tight against him .
tr	O	This was their time , their journey , and he didn 't want to do it alone .
tr	O	Someone had spied on them , killed his mate , and Bill had left .
tr	I	I could see carefully controlled apprehension on more than one face , and their sneers were gone .
tr	I	She couldn 't deny they shared a mutual investment in their partnership , yet Amber 's reasons for getting into the life had been less self-serving .
tr	I	She could get really used to it and Sharon had never felt quite like this .
tr	O	He had a permit to carry , but this also didn 't look like the kind of place where people carded anyone .
tr	O	I shrugged , not entirely certain that what he said was true , but wanting it to be true more than anything .
tr	I	She gasped for air , and he lifted his mouth .
tr	I	It was stressful to say the least , and questions were fired from every angle .
tr	I	Bodies stream out of the massive hall in a hurry as if the ceiling were on fire , and the assembly comes to an end .
tr	O	I could not tell if she was moving , but more parts of the mansion started to fall to the floor .
tr	I	Once you 've signed it you can go and I 'll have the statement typed up from this interview .
tr	I	Her pulse stuttered and her breath caught .
tr	I	I breathed a loud sigh of relief and I couldn 't see anyone out there .
tr	I	Her shoulder immediately rebelled , but Sloane shifted in bed .
tr	I	This is it , and you needed something to make your idea work .
tr	I	She couldn 't resist the urge to take another look in Marcus ' direction , but the attention had her undone .
tr	O	She 'd never paid much attention to this room , but suddenly it was her favorite place in the world .
tr	I	I 'm curious as to Realm 's reasoning , but I obviously don 't trust the doctor either .
tr	I	Hanging around his neck was an amulet in the shape of a dragon and he wore crude leather leggings .
tr	I	Katherine 's spirit was nowhere to be found , but Taylor still held her hand .
tr	I	Her chest spilled over her huge black sequined shirt , and her porcelain flesh was puffed out like a blowfish .
tr	I	He doesn 't awaken , but he moves a little .
tr	I	It was enough , and I was alive .
tr	O	The restaurant was one of the nicest in town and he intended to impress Shirley Bliss .
tr	O	He would not listen , and I had to kill him .
tr	O	His dick was erect and it was pointing up .
tr	I	He looked back at me and my motion caught his attention .
tr	O	The pair were now in high emotions , but Kathy was taking the floor .
tr	O	He tasted blood but he also tasted her sweetness .
tr	I	Part of me is a little glad , but I never blamed you for what happened .
tr	O	Aileen slowly accelerated , but before they reached the cruiser , it disappeared into hyperspace , along with hundreds of other ships .
tr	I	I respect you and I truly honor you as a friend .
tr	I	Their pace was slower , for the trail was no longer easy to follow , and they had come to the feet of stony hills .
tr	O	The ground wouldn 't stay still , and it was messing with me .
tr	I	His fingertips gently touched a part of Katherine 's shoulder and he threw his arm around the back of the booth .
tr	O	Urged by this view , I refused , and I did right in refusing , to create a companion for the first creature .
tr	I	I realized my mistake and a few steps up to the garage .
tr	O	His lips twitched , and he turned away silently .
tr	I	For Sarah it was a godsend , and the note arrived before they had finished the evening meal .
tr	O	I was irritated , but he seemed sincere .
tr	I	The room was transformed from blackness to shades of gray , and his eyes adjusted .
tr	I	It all seemed ridiculous but I needed to concentrate .
tr	I	It never dawned on me to doubt it and Mark said you were dead .
tr	I	Isn 't that great news , but I am sorry , Miss Duffy !
tr	O	She felt a stabbing in her calf , and vaguely remembered the earlier events of the day .
tr	I	I knew there was no way that we could get out before they reached us and we were still a good sixty yards from the exit .
tr	O	He 'd also tried on numerous occasions to ask me out , but I never dated anyone in my building .
tr	O	Her dark hair looked mysterious in the candlelight , and her eyes seemed to capture the moving flames .
tr	O	Their scent would cling to her , and no matter what you did , Zeke , you wouldn 't get rid of that smell .
tr	O	Get 'em laughing and they 'd be more likely to part with their coin .
tr	O	Most of the framing was already finished , and the roof had been raised as well .
tr	O	There wasn 't much food since Sharon had been traveling and she hadn 't bothered to go to the grocery store .
tr	I	I eventually turned the Land Rover into the circular drive of Kingsley and we were silent a few more beats .
tr	O	That did the trick , and they started talking again .
tr	I	It stays in the local economy and give money to the local people .
tr	I	My choice was clear , but if the consequences were different , I would have been the friend he 'd always been to me .
tr	I	They ran after Connor , and Leah rallied her unit .
tr	I	She willed them away , but tears stung her eyes .
tr	O	There was a wallet and it was thick with cash .
tr	I	The eerie smile on her lips stopped him , but he readied his fist to hit her again .
tr	O	He was about to say more , but the Abbess interrupted with the assurance of accustomed authority .
tr	I	Nobody ever worries about the collateral damage , but slayers slay because they can , because they know that the ones they hunt are evil , monsters .
tr	O	I keep the skin down over my palms , but I can feel those bulbs pushing against the seams .
tr	O	She continued past it and her parents lagged behind .
tr	O	Your arm broke and the bone went straight through an artery .
tr	I	They nodded slowly and I gave them both a warm smile .
tr	I	It also looks really comfortable but it looks like it needs to be replaced .
tr	O	Our stories are funny because we lived them , and we survived them .
tr	O	He jogs to the porch and a takes a deep breath .
tr	I	The task wouldn 't be that difficult , but the light in the kitchen was poor .
tr	I	I didn 't feel as self-conscious as I usually did , but I was nak * d .
tr	O	The guy was old enough to be her father , but she was willing to do whatever it took to get out of this mess .
tr	O	I always wanted to study them , but I know it won 't ever happen .
tr	O	He counted his breaths to keep from panicking , but his gut was trembling so hard it ached .
tr	O	He shoved his hands in his jean pockets while I unlocked the door , and when I hopped up into the driver 's seat , Trenton frowned .
tr	O	He started to rise and she shook her head , grey eyes twinkling with amusement .
tr	O	A growl shot through Shar 's throat and he threw aside his foil .
tr	I	It 's fake , but I smile back .
tr	I	We all sat in a circle on my old lawn furniture , and I carried the drinks outside on a tray .
tr	I	She glared at me and her fangs came out .
tr	I	His laugh was deeper and his voice was deep .
tr	O	Perry lets out a slow breath , and his focus settles on me squarely .
tr	O	Colin admired how she told the truth , but it was only true when interpreted a certain way .
tr	O	She had to consider the ramifications , and she found them daunting .
tr	I	The Pack Weldon was scheduled to visit was just outside Tillamook , but we were spending the night in Portland .
tr	O	She hadn 't been at the rehearsal , and she wasn 't in the wedding party .
tr	O	Detective Inspector Richard Black didn 't like being controlled by events , and his displeasure on this occasion was approaching danger level .
tr	I	When we separated , she was crying and we stood like that in the path for a few minutes .
tr	I	She still hadn 't arrived , but she looked around for Gayle .
tr	O	The word was dutifully obeyed and the small company gathered what they had salvaged .
tr	I	Jones jerked violently and another shot rang out .
tr	I	I didn 't let it take me over , but a small , scared feeling quivered inside me .
tr	I	That was what had made him feel better , and it had to have been in the vitamins .
tr	O	The security team left , and Richard dropped his head into his hands .
tr	O	It was good to see their brother lighten up a little and they knew that Tessa was the cause of his improved disposition .
tr	O	I was pissed that you took my phone away at practice but I understand .
tr	I	I caught him and Wesley tried to sneak away .
tr	I	Henry had come after her , but she began to understand what had been happening , her mind was slipping away , being consumed by the gate .
tr	O	Claire 's had to be protected or they might as well flee now .
tr	I	We knew better , but Colored folks blame everything on the Klan .
tr	I	He cupped my breast through my dress , and I slipped my hand under his t-shirt .
tr	I	He always answers when I call , but Hank might be working .
tr	O	She chewed at her bottom lip as if she were suddenly nervous , but he wasn 't buying it .
tr	O	While a female who was holding a tambourine was stood back to back with him , and facing the other side of the stage .
tr	O	His eyes widen and before he can argue , I continue .
tr	I	Our look out on the roof can see them but they are hiding .
tr	O	She 'd be arriving tomorrow , and tomorrow evening couldn 't come fast enough .
tr	I	Susannah thanked them with a curt nod and two men scooted down to make room .
tr	I	He leans his elbows on the table , and I sit back down .
tr	O	He was younger than she , and his mind was still healing .
tr	I	Warm blood still oozed through his fingers , but he pushed his hand against the wound .
tr	I	He cocks his head and his smile immediately fades .
tr	O	I looked at Rita , then at the wall and soon Rita had turned to look at the wall .
tr	O	The fungus had eaten their eyes , and sometimes their faces .
tr	O	Her sleeves were damp , and her nose was congested .
tr	I	Then something occurred to me , but I started to nod .
tr	I	She stopped talking into the phone and Marie 's eyes watched her closely .
tr	I	I 'm glad he did , and gramps wanted to take them .
tr	O	He laughed , and it sounded cold , humorless .
tr	I	Her intuition was in excellent working order , but her mother might be experiencing memory problems .
tr	I	He saw two bloody knees peeking beneath a torn skirt and large brown eyes looked up at him .
tr	I	I was feeling anxious , and Sundown was minutes away .
tr	I	The city lights flickered in the distance and the drapes were open .
tr	O	That was beautiful , and it touched her .
tr	O	They stalked the surrounding area but it had gone silent .
tr	O	The children wanted to know more about the angels and Verena told them stories of angels who visited earth .
tr	I	I threw it across the room , and ~ Liv ~ The phone rang for the tenth time that morning .
tr	I	The future was never certain and there were always junctures though .
tr	O	He was still near me , but there was an invisible wall between us , growing brick by brick with every awkward second that passed .
tr	I	Even if they were going slow , he was doing a fine job , and apparently he did know how to drive in this weather .
tr	O	He 's not to be seen , but I want him for my own .
tr	I	I closed my notebook , and I interrupted my grandfather as he was about to begin again from the beginning .
tr	O	There were nurses about , but no one paid him any heed .
tr	I	I was going out of my mind waiting , and he 's been gone more than 15 minutes .
tr	O	A gasp came from Phil as he saw this , and Lisa remained close .
tr	I	Toby jumped onto her lap , and she sat up .
tr	O	I didn 't know if I had enough of a head start , but I didn 't waste any time trying to hide my stolen car .
tr	O	He sighed , lowering his thick lashes briefly , but not before I noticed the look of torment that crossed his features .
tr	I	She 's keeping up this ridiculous facade , yet I 'm pissed because she 's actually scaring Charlie .
tr	I	Cas is yelling from the other room for us to hurry , but I look down at the pill , ready to debate the point .
tr	I	She wanted to object and he released her slowly .
tr	O	I had my Chucks on top of them to keep the board from flying away , but thankfully , he was only shooting from the waist up .
tr	I	He knew better , but he was tempted to believe the person had already run off .
tr	O	I 've tried to hide my real feelings towards her , but maybe she has figured me out .
tr	O	You 're like us now and that 's not so bad .
tr	O	She was fumbling now , hurriedly filling two glasses with red liquid , and she quickly put them in front of two empty seats at the bar .
tr	O	She 'd been a sweet lass , and she 'd had much to offer a male .
tr	I	It was lost in the darkness , but Josephine gave him a disapproving look .
tr	O	Shannon asked , and I nodded .
tr	O	She couldn 't impact much of his momentum , but she managed to change his path so the sword didn 't reach him .
tr	I	She had no choice , but it cost her to ask him .
tr	I	I walked quickly along the path , and my heart beat faster .
tr	O	Her expression altered , and I could see she was deep in thought .
tr	O	This wasn 't the answer I was looking for and he knew it .
tr	O	This job filled an emptiness within her , and she owed Corinne a huge debt for giving her this chance .
tr	I	Section X continued operate behind the screen . and everyone accepted this smoke screen as the truth .
tr	O	They all worked in different places and they all had completely different lives .
tr	I	A man fell in and the door swung open .
tr	O	When I could look up , Pam was sitting on Hallow 's chest , her knees pinning Hallow 's arms , and she was smiling .
tr	I	Her fingers bit into the folder , and a different kind of heat invaded her veins .
tr	I	We 'd never have fit , or good thing Shannon was small .
tr	O	I watch my paycheck diminish to almost nothing and I 'm out the door in less than a minute .
tr	I	His knife was deflected off to the left and there was a ping of metal hitting metal .
tr	I	I glanced away and my cheeks heated .
tr	O	My men are professionals , and they didn 't wait for further evidence of treachery .
tr	I	I gave it a try anyway , but that was an exercise I struggled with even in the best of circumstances .
tr	I	I did , but I know you didn 't saw me cry .
tr	I	For a few minutes , they ate in companionable silence , and he picked up a slice .
tr	I	I turn to Jaxon as I pick up my jacket up off the floor in the corner of the garage and they start arguing .
tr	I	She couldn 't play an instrument and she wasn 't artistic .
tr	I	I giggled and he groaned .
tr	O	We have notified your professors that you will not be attending classes , and you are not allowed back in Combat for the rest of the week .
tr	O	She heard the door open and Taylor 's head popped out .
tr	O	His sister hadn 't died all those years ago but she would die very soon .
tr	O	He sat down and she sat in the chair opposite him .
tr	O	The smile abruptly falls from Realm 's face , and I see the color that was just there drain away .
tr	O	Eventually the talk trails off , and Julie emerges onto the balcony .
tr	I	I didn 't really have control over that situation , but other than during my hospital stay a while back .
tr	I	Gandalf means me , and I am Gandalf !
tr	O	The last twenty-four hours had been the strangest in my life , but I could see how the next week would beat that record .
tr	I	For some time she held herself aloof from the nearby throng , and an initial search for the hostess , however , proved fruitless .
tr	O	I tried to run , but my legs couldn 't seem to push through the water fast enough .
tr	O	He was panting for breath , but his wide eyes were fixed on his friend .
tr	O	Lying about the situation was only going to get me in even deeper and I was right up to my ears as it was .
tr	I	Once again it was more about his peace of mind , but the odds of something actually happening to her were slim .
tr	O	It won 't be a big deal , and if it is , maybe we just won 't work together .
tr	I	It was really good to be home but Chapter Nine I missed Jonathan like crazy .
tr	I	Now they 've proven to be violent , and you 're in the middle of two rich snobs .
tr	O	Anticipation of nothing , he reminded himself , but certain body parts didn 't seem to care .
tr	O	They both stared at me , and I put down my fork .
tr	I	She told me that Anthony was sleeping peacefully , and Chapter Fifteen I called my sister Mary Lou .
tr	I	It would have to do , but it was a bit lame .
tr	O	Anna 's head whipped around at the sound and she frowned at him .
tr	I	The pigeons looked back at him , and Fat Charlie looked at the pigeons .
tr	O	He caught the towel , and she let him pull it away .
tr	I	They attract all walks of life , but I don 't know if you 've ever been to a book signing .
tr	I	It 's right on the beach , but the house isn 't very big .
tr	O	John pushed him away and he fell back , his foot twisting painfully on the spike .
tr	O	I didn 't know why , but I couldn 't say them .
tr	O	Ged struggled to turn , but he was glad that he did .
tr	O	Jai has all the information , and the alchemist will meet you in the locker room .
tr	I	He would show them , but the other guys didn 't think he was as talented !
tr	O	It was said to be in the beautiful sky , but it was not .
tr	I	A thick black moustache outlines his huge smile and his jet black hair is speckled with gray .
tr	I	Then soon there was an immense chorus of wailing girls , and then we heard a girl shout out , then another .
tr	O	It 'd be enough to fool others , but it isn 't actually a full shift .
tr	O	She didn 't and he knew .
tr	O	I carefully sit next to her , and Dax kneels down .
tr	I	She placed her fingers over his lips , and he opened his mouth .
tr	O	She might have changed the game , but we were still the strongest players .
tr	O	We lost a lot of seniors at the end of the last year , but the incoming freshmen are really stepping up .
tr	I	I made myself keep the smile on my face , rather than wincing from the pain , and he awkwardly put his arm around me .
tr	O	Government raised the terror alert and now everyone is going crazy .
tr	O	She wasn 't asleep , but she pretended to be .
tr	I	All the hair on his head seemed to stand up at the mention of the name Rowan and Marwan felt shivers down his spine again .
tr	O	I slid my hands to his front and up to curl them light around his neck .
tr	I	He actually talked to her and which could work in her favor , if it put Clay at ease .
tr	O	His fate was sealed and he 'd accepted it .
tr	I	He doesn 't , but I flinch , half expecting him to hurt me here .
tr	O	He had an impressive criminal record , state charges , and another indictment would likely send him back to the pen .
tr	I	He tried never to do anything that would make national news , and that meant for the most part he stayed away from politics .
tr	I	I just looked at him and we sat in a back patio were we could smoke .
tr	O	The power is never as strong , but it does happen .
tr	O	Sawyer 's wide eyes caught mine for a second and she put her hand on my back , asking what was wrong .
tr	I	It wasn 't that forever kind of love , but sure , I loved your daddy .
tr	I	Wynn got better answers , but Cori received mostly grunts from Winkler 's bodyguard .
tr	I	She didn 't know where she was , and she couldn 't see anything , not even her hand in front of her face .
tr	O	When she turned around , Gray was blocking the doorway , and there was nothing boyish about the look in his eyes .
tr	O	I had no idea where she got this stuff from , but she always managed to find things to fit the holiday .
tr	O	Maybe he was right , but he didn 't want to explain that he 'd blown through most of the advance they 'd gotten for the job .
tr	O	No , I needed to keep moving , and I needed to figure out some way to take him with me .
tr	O	Hell , I didn 't know , but tomorrow I was asking Vulcan .
tr	O	Harold expected some in the room would not help , but he was glad they at least remained silent .
tr	I	He didn 't laugh at the sound , and Ethan heard them .
tr	O	I set my alarm for nine p.m. and I woke up feeling quite rested .
tr	I	Boundless hope , and the hero searches for his one true love -- tirelessly , with determination .
tr	O	They shouted out in desperation , but he kept going ... slowly .
tr	O	Long enough to meet my little brother , and then I 'd be on my way .
tr	I	He sounds normal and he looks normal .
tr	O	It was like a fist squeezing all my insides , and I was cold , even with the sun beating down on me .
tr	I	Then she stopped , but she tilted her head slightly as if to agree .
tr	O	I pressed my hand against his forehead , and sure enough , he was burning up .
tr	O	I didn 't want to give them a guaranteed yes , but I knew it 'd be a pretty easy decision .
tr	I	That confused her , and she felt close to Jason just then , closer than she had to anyone .
tr	I	I don 't stop , but she calls after me .
tr	I	His face was terrible and his eyes glowed green .
tr	O	I had a pretty good idea what was going to happen next , and my mouth went dry .
tr	I	It got stuck , but I drew in a breath .
tr	O	This was big news , and Sally relished big news .
tr	O	At the same time they quickened the throb of his headache , and this reminded him that he had been drugged .
tr	O	Something was going on inside his body and it hurt like nothing he had ever felt before .
tr	O	Trees snapped , and boulders crunched .
tr	O	She dialed Brownie 's number and he picked up on the first ring .
tr	O	She stared back at his enraged face through tear laden lashes and as he readied his sword she stepped back lowering her weapon .
tr	I	It should tie her over for a while , but she may need to come back for fresher items .
tr	I	We were both sweating and our breathing was stuttered .
tr	I	He set up a fake account , but Would have gotten away with it too .
tr	O	Her softness was ethereal now , and it was sexy as hell .
tr	O	Helen picked up the check and they headed down the gauntlet .
tr	O	He carefully probed the right side of Isaac 's neck , and finding no injuries , moved onto the left .
tr	O	Balls skidded around the table when I broke , and Aly wandered over while Christopher went in for his first shot .
tr	I	Once it was ready , we both ate like it was our last meal , and the food couldn 't cook fast enough for us .
tr	O	A coffee shop would 've been fine and it would 've been my treat .
tr	I	She appeared to search for someone and confusion was etched on her face .
tr	I	I don 't flinch , and storm gives my shoulder an affectionate squeeze .
tr	O	Patch parked his motorcycle , and we both swung off .
tr	I	It worried me that something might be really wrong , and Mrs. Cook was one of my favorite teachers .
tr	I	She was more fearful of believing the warning , but it had been a tough life for her .
tr	O	Jake recognised one of them , but he had a new problem .
tr	O	It was nearly midnight when I reached his college campus , and I knew he 'd probably already be in bed .
tr	I	There was no reason to hurry , but a taxi would get her there quicker .
tr	O	I wasn 't an expert on those things , but it looked an awful lot like another Hummer .
tr	I	He held his tongue even though the suspense was killing him but he almost said , ' yes , what is it ' .
tr	O	I probably should have called him , but I didn 't .
tr	I	Only an idiot would cross him right now , and he was a big bundle of irritated energy .
tr	O	We go to Francesca 's room and I rap quickly on the door .
tr	O	We swam for a while this way and I wondered how far under the island we were traveling .
tr	O	My light is off and my covers are on .
tr	O	The liquid of detail had evaporated , but the crystallised memory remained .
tr	I	He was nowhere to be seen , but the table had been set for two .
tr	I	She was too nervous but she wrapped her cold , shaking fingers around the coffee cup in front of her , trying to gain some warmth .
tr	I	They were an absorbing departure from her accustomed focus on politics , and these documents were her past .
tr	I	I knew Blaire was her best friend , but I wouldn 't have told just anyone .
tr	I	Her throat burned and she was thirsty .
tr	O	Instinctively she turned to search for Jonas but she couldn 't find him in the corridor .
tr	O	They have the guns and we do not .
tr	I	I got my first look at our surroundings , and he helped me up to a sitting position .
tr	O	Vivian smiled then and the tension eased from between Susannah 's shoulder blades .
tr	I	The sun was shining and Spring was here .
tr	I	I have plenty of antenna parts , and the camera can rotate 360 degrees .
tr	I	She wasn 't , but he was used to the deep shadows cast by the lantern .
tr	O	It sounds awesome , and you know it .
tr	O	They make up stupid rules and they make us follow them .
tr	O	Nash 's hand cupped the back of my neck and he brought his face close to mine , holding it still as coughs still wracked my chest .
tr	I	The lights blinked off and Luna Park grew quiet .
tr	O	Chapter Fourteen It was four hours later and I was sitting in Detective Sherbet 's office .
tr	O	His voice was high as he leaned into her , and she hugged him for all she was worth .
tr	I	She 'd rather forget about the entire night , and she 'd told him she 'd made a mistake .
tr	I	I refused to look at the mirror again , but he managed to keep us from hitting the floor .
tr	I	I decided that cards seemed more fun when you were drunk , and Carly had opted to come back to our place .
tr	I	Some of the ridges were still there , but Nicolas had managed to reduce the scarring .
tr	I	Maybe when she came back to visit her sister , she could see Paul , too , and she 'd go on her way .
tr	O	It seemed unlikely I 'd reach anything if Jackie hadn 't , but I had to try .
tr	O	As soon as she wet the cloth , the familiar lemon smell rose to greet her like a good host and she took a deep breath .
tr	I	They moved to the shelter airlock and one of them took his pistol .
tr	I	It 's so quiet out here that I can hear his tail cutting through the air and beast is walking behind us .
tr	I	She sensed him close by , and Jacques ' voice was firm .
tr	O	He had learned to be patient and he was going to milk this for his twisted enjoyment as long as he could .
tr	I	My actions jolt my staring companions into awareness , and I sink my blade into the nearest one .
tr	O	They had not gone far and Hawk was again in his right mind , though he would have given anything to be out of it permanently .
tr	I	The door edged open , and Max waited for a moment , then knocked again , a bit harder .
tr	I	They are communing with the Fates and I 've called in the Oracles .
tr	I	He gave an imperceptible nod of understanding and Meredith 's gaze flew to Matt 's .
tr	I	His eyes widened and he looked at our hands .
tr	I	He was , but Boys aren 't supposed to be beautiful .
tr	O	He gave me a little wink and I grinned back .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure what possessed me to say that , but I had to say something .
tr	O	My stomach plummeted , and I realized before the words were said that I wouldn 't welcome what they were about to reveal .
tr	I	She wipes at her eyes and I look down at her .
tr	I	The tall sheer cliffs were approaching and the harbour was now well behind .
tr	O	Several people admitted that they had been atheist before , but now , for some reason , they weren 't .
tr	I	I didn 't want to stand between that and I thought you may still be in love with her .
tr	O	Your heart has spoken and whoever he is , it wants this man .
tr	O	Ava 's turn was equally as popular , and then it came time to talk to Jimmy .
tr	O	A small voice in her head whispered that this was madness , but Jane wouldn 't stop him .
tr	O	It seemed to me that loving her was his only fault , and part of me hoped she would be the one to die .
tr	O	Harald yelled and we did .
tr	O	He 'd paid cash for his ranch and it hadn 't even made a dent in his account .
tr	O	There was a thud and the elevator slightly shook .
tr	O	I try to pull away from his grasp , but he is as quick as he is tall .
tr	O	Edward laughs , like I 'm a child and he can do whatever the hell he wants .
tr	O	A smile lights my face at my release , and then more commotion breaks out .
tr	O	It was a small venue , and the crowd started to swell .
tr	O	He had no idea how he did it , but it always happened when the battle was most desperate , when there was no other hope .
tr	I	I shook my head and Zane winked at me .
tr	I	The king nodded , and she asked that .
tr	I	Then Karin joined , and the spotlight found Natalia .
tr	I	The sight of his long , lean fingers performing the simple task fascinated her , and he was buttoning his shirt .
tr	I	I look at Liz , hoping that she would think of something since my mind has gone blank and he asks .
tr	O	His friends had tried to explain the game rules to Jake , but he 'd barely paid attention .
tr	O	Cops had followed him back into surgery and he 'd been cuffed to his gurney .
tr	I	She fell asleep soon and she was deeply tired .
tr	I	His throat hurt worse than if it had been attacked with sandpaper and his tongue was thick .
tr	I	I peered through the hole , recognizing the two reporters and I jumped as someone pounded the door .
tr	O	Bum legs aside , she knew that Peter Bowen had led the victim into months of despair , and she wanted him to suffer .
tr	I	His qualifications in alien stuff were real enough as well and he had given his real name as far as they were able to judge .
tr	I	She was so thirsty , but she wanted to refuse .
tr	I	We were trying to make it work , but she was much too big for my body .
tr	O	Lucius 's brow wrinkled in curiosity , but Devyn didn 't explain .
tr	I	He 'd prefer it be on better terms , but not that he minded her in his arms .
tr	I	Her replies were less than enthusiastic , and the messages they 'd read were all about what he wanted to do to her ... all night long .
tr	O	There was a haunted look in her eyes , and I wanted to draw her to me again .
tr	O	Campbell was gracious in victory as he could afford to be , but it did not take back all of the things that had passed between them .
tr	O	Almost instantly it had been choked off and she stood mutely before him , staring .
tr	O	West goes out the door of my bedroom first , and Ethan follows .
tr	I	A rested horse is faster , but wolves are fast .
tr	I	You didn 't even try , but the truth may have won me over in the beginning .
tr	O	Her punctured bike lay in the garage and she hated walking .
tr	I	He felt his smile widening , and Caleb 's gaze slipped over to Carlotta .
tr	I	Liz instantly appeared in front of me , blocking my path , but I turned away , started back to the road .
tr	I	Here it was , yet it was impossible .
tr	O	The sweet smell makes my stomach ache but I hold my resolve .
tr	O	She responded to his subtle command , and without warning , she spoke .
tr	O	I didn 't know , and I had no way of finding out .
tr	O	You made a silly little joke and they always get bent out of shape .
tr	I	We descended the stairs , and I took a deep breath .
tr	O	They walked back to the house , but Abel would not go in .
tr	I	They could clearly see the dark green mountains to the north now , and the country became more rolling .
tr	I	Maybe her recent bitchiness was a sign of frustration , but he almost reconsidered what he was going to do .
tr	O	The Seeker knows almost exactly where we are , and our scent will lead it right to us .
tr	I	My breath left me but I didn 't move .
tr	O	Her mouth opened slightly but no words came out .
tr	O	Too many things were happening and they were happening too fast .
tr	O	Clearly something body size was wrapped in it , and I was sure it was Mark Kaplan .
tr	I	It might be best if we could ride over in his pickup , and I explain that my little Audi is in bad need of service .
tr	O	He was famished , and he smiled to himself when he thought about why .
tr	O	It swirled around me , almost like a tangible mist , and it was not pleasant .
tr	I	After I put on the uniform I felt a rush , and I took a quick shower .
tr	O	I 'll be twenty one soon but none of it matters without him .
tr	O	The rest of the sisters , except Sophia , followed her with yawns of their own and it was decided that sleep was in indeed in order .
tr	O	Breath caught in every vampires throat and you could feel hope forming in the air around us , like a cloud .
tr	I	I could help him get to know Cole , but I couldn 't take away Jacob 's pain .
tr	O	Zane crashed into her , and they began to fall .
tr	O	He looked past me , at the sky , and I knew what he saw .
tr	O	You can 't save these towns , and you 're crazy for considering it .
tr	I	His body stilled and it was then his head came up .
tr	I	She didn 't want him to run off , but she couldn 't let herself want a relationship with Jude Southerland .
tr	O	She said she could see how perfect I was for him and she welcomed me into the family .
tr	O	Then she wondered who had been the last woman to lie in bed with him , and jealousy seared her , mingled with pain .
tr	O	They exude a certain harmony , and that 's why I think they won 't hurt us , even if I 've misunderstood about the festival .
tr	O	She wouldn 't have thought Roy 's smile could grow any wider , but it did .
tr	I	She still went by Madison , but her identity card said she was now Meredith Turner .
tr	O	It had been nearly twenty years since he had made a tackle , but you never lose the skill .
tr	O	Jan is so sick , and she can 't do much with Tanner .
tr	O	The wind picked up , driving everyone into their tents , and deep into the warmth of their sleeping bags .
tr	I	I laughed , and he shrugged .
tr	O	cried Ben and in an instant the two cousins were hiding behind the cathedral 's doors .
tr	O	Jeff was close behind and as he dove in , he managed to grab her leg before she could get any momentum .
tr	O	He moved quickly , and her heart raced even faster .
tr	I	I was pretty sure I knew why , but I was surprised that they intrigued me so much .
tr	I	It still fit well , especially with her recent growth spurt , but her black knit dress wasn 't fancy .
tr	I	I can only hope she hasn 't run off somewhere else and I left Miya in a library .
tr	O	She shot him a helpless look , but he kept his expression stoic .
tr	I	I can see your question but we can 't be heard .
tr	O	I 'd grown used to my nightmares since the plane crash , but I knew tonight would be filled with more than usual .
tr	O	The wail 's nocturnal eyes were at their widest and he felt he would drown in their liquid brilliance .
tr	I	He 'd had to do it for survival , but his eyes had a haunted look as he spoke about what he 'd done .
tr	O	As she moved , their eyes caught and he wouldn 't let her look away .
tr	I	Her nose scrunched and it was clear she didn 't like this because her face went hard .
tr	O	He was a man who knew what he wanted , and right now he wanted her .
tr	I	I gave him a death stare and Barry was rolling his eyes again .
tr	O	If he kept a diary she couldn 't find it , nor any other writings -- for weren 't readers often also writers ?
tr	I	No sound came out , but Seth 's mouth moved .
tr	O	There are benches that line the walls and there are four basketball hoops on two of the walls .
tr	I	I tuned back in and Rob had started talking again .
tr	O	She doesn 't believe you and Daemon ran away .
tr	I	The other political leaders are outraged but at least Cagney ´ s trying .
tr	O	Old enough to pee by himself , but she understood the mother 's concern .
tr	O	He wasn 't making any attempt to hide his gills , and the pupils of his eyes had taken on a slit shape .
tr	I	Oh , her cheeks were hot now , but she asked .
tr	I	John joined them and the door opened .
tr	I	She guessed that the end of her friend 's search was near , and Everything was beginning to add up for Carolyn .
tr	I	He smiled at her , and she looked at Shawn .
tr	I	At the time it seemed smart , but I could have come up with a better suggestion .
tr	O	He stroked her bare back with his thumb and she shivered .
tr	O	I reached up to kiss him , and he pulled me into his arms .
tr	I	I 'm enough of a liability for him , and we haven 't talked since he found out about the letters .
tr	I	Him eager to leave on Tuesday night and it was the same voice that had sent the waiter scuttling over .
tr	I	I blocked them with my will alone , holding them in place , but two attempted to run .
tr	I	A lone woman could enjoy a quiet drink without being hassled and in this bar a man could relax .
tr	O	We continued walking and eventually we found ourselves in the middle of a large crowd of people .
tr	O	He only wanted her close , and to stay .
tr	I	Then you 'd have to drink their blood , and they 'd have to bite you .
tr	I	We exited the car and I nodded at her .
tr	I	I was alone and the door closed .
tr	I	She touched her trembling lips and now tears filled her eyes .
tr	O	There are two scientists working on something in the room , and they don 't pay attention to us .
tr	O	The first thing he took notice of was Nick 's pissed off expression and taking one look at his hair , it was easy to see why .
tr	O	My butt is freezing and my legs are aching from sitting on the cold floor for so long .
tr	O	She snuggled in closer , and he started to rethink the wisdom of having her move around on his lap .
tr	I	He looked away and Aiden 's lips pursed .
tr	I	The last traces of sunlight ebbed away across the landscape , and Time got lost as the dark gathered in around her .
tr	I	His legs kick restlessly beneath her and taking him to that deep place inside her that made his head thrash .
tr	I	My hips moved of their own volition , craving more of his touch , and his fingers pulsed , sliding across my clit with increasing frequency .
tr	I	My hands were shaking with anger , and Garrick 's words had sunk under my skin , festering .
tr	O	She might have chosen to live apart from her family most of the time but she wanted them there for her .
tr	I	I had those bills on my desk , but I wouldn 't have charged her anything .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I knew what to do with it and there had been little joy in my life for a while .
tr	O	When we reach the edge of our safety zone , the trees grows farther apart and the area is brighter .
tr	O	I 'm still kinda weak , but I 'm doing as much as I can from the bed .
tr	I	She did not answer and she did not pick up the phone .
tr	I	It infuriates me and he barely flinches .
tr	O	Neither of us said anything but we knew the facts .
tr	O	Watching him drain a chicken was one thing , and that had been pretty bloodless .
tr	I	She did truly appear worn and he gazed at her across the campfire .
tr	I	We walked to the house , and when the sun fell behind the trees along the river , my mother found me .
tr	I	His body was relaxed , rippling with power , and his hands were loose at his sides .
tr	O	I stiffen a bit and she releases me .
tr	O	I don 't expect you to ever trust me again , but I 'm sorry .
tr	O	If anything becomes too much , you say red and we 'll stop .
tr	I	I lay on the floor , and finally the world stopped spinning .
tr	I	Four soldiers hovered behind him , and a crewman led the way .
tr	I	Even the gods would bow before us , and we would then sit on the thrones .
tr	I	She remembered , and that fast .
tr	I	It was in the stores but George had found a niche for himself .
tr	I	He knew they were death spasms , but Guillaume 's body was still moving .
tr	I	She strained to hear him and his voice was barely audible .
tr	O	Someday it might make the leap to novel , but I will rely on you to tell me whether it merits such consideration .
tr	O	His head isn 't bleeding much but his nose is .
tr	I	The loss of a sip of blood wouldn 't affect her , and all the material she 'd read had told her it didn 't hurt badly .
tr	I	The soiled straw could be cleaned up with a lift of the shovel and thankfully he was in the stables .
tr	I	Since her divorce , she knew men were strictly off limits for the rest of her life and she knew the score all right .
tr	O	She wanted to step away from him , but she didn 't dare .
tr	O	Mary had only felt the pleasure from her own fingers , and now she was feeling what Zeke could do for her .
tr	O	His eyes darkened , but he looked away .
tr	I	It had grown in the last ten minutes and it appeared as though this was the only fruit on the tree .
tr	I	It felt like the air in the room had disappeared and the clock chirped at midnight .
tr	O	I had not yet experienced sunlight on my newly immortal skin , but I 'd been well warned that burns would occur rather quickly .
tr	O	Stacey reached for me again , but I was already too far away .
tr	O	It had come loose from a nail and it dangled hidden behind a stunted tree .
tr	O	The sheriff sent Agatha to her house to retrieve a key to Maggie 's door , but he didn 't want Agatha involved in his investigation .
tr	O	All excitement left Frankie 's face , and she eyed me for a moment .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I could tell he hadn 't showered today .
tr	O	The answer had confused Emma at first , but suddenly she realized what Beth had meant .
tr	O	It would have been best if he had stayed in bed but Finan had been determined , just as Rafe had known he would be .
tr	O	The wire stretcher in her hands swung out towards him , and then she fell backwards into the fence , screaming .
tr	I	He couldn 't erase the images emblazoned on his mind : Dallas soaking the sheets with a raging fever , but he struggled to pull himself together .
tr	I	One was bad , and one was good .
tr	O	Standing firm had felt good , but I did want to work this out with them .
tr	O	We reached his truck and he set me down on the passenger seat .
tr	O	The storm had chased us from the fields , and the cool weather was something to be savored .
tr	I	Everyone was ill-tempered and nerves were jumbled .
tr	I	For her , the jury was in , but she still didn 't know how he saw their relationship .
tr	I	The central station in The Hague was massive , but it was a short ride with several stops .
tr	O	I went to her , but she pushed my hand away .
tr	I	Lea stopped her , but Julie didn 't have a problem paying , so she started to take her wallet out .
tr	O	The humans tensed , but Sean only pulled out his cell phone .
tr	O	She might wish I didn 't exist , but she was my only salvation from this .
tr	I	A shape appears in the doorway before I get anywhere near but I inch towards the stairs .
tr	O	Manners dictated that I extend my hand , but the man was clearly spoiling for a fight .
tr	O	She might be an expert in flirtatious banter , but that was as far as her skills extended .
tr	I	I read your classified advertisement in the Philadelphia Inquirer seeking a wife to help raise your three children and my name is Abigail Mary Vaughn .
tr	I	One is the prey and one is the hunter .
tr	I	His encouragement made me want to move on but I still felt tired .
tr	I	It wouldn 't actually kill her but he 'd just snap her neck .
tr	I	Savannah had promised to pick me up at the airport before bringing me to Lenoir to meet her parents , and it was a Friday evening .
tr	O	She started to tell him to stop being pushy , but Fin cut her off .
tr	I	I knew he would just be a distraction , but he wanted to go back with me .
tr	O	I want to excuse myself to my room , but my mother starts talking about The Program again .
tr	O	His light hair was now more silver than tawny in color , and the dark circles beneath his eyes were a bit more prominent .
tr	O	I had faced his wrath before , and it wasn 't pretty .
tr	O	I saw the shiny glitter of the silver knife in his left hand before he dropped it , and my heart stopped beating for a second .
tr	O	she gasped , and he turned back forward .
tr	O	Couple of phone calls , and the gig was booked .
tr	O	He was still ruffling the huge dog , but his face was no longer simply happy .
tr	O	Once again they headed toward their truck , but this time they managed to get in .
tr	I	Now Rigel spoke up , but Mr. Stuart was still shaking his head .
tr	I	A panic would settle in my lungs , and Extra heartbeats would thump in my chest .
tr	O	I think he wanted his turn , or to get them to shut up , I never did know .
tr	O	Mostly women do the fundraising , but some men do , too .
tr	O	Maybe a warm shower will relax me and I can recall the details more clearly .
tr	I	Everyone else looked like the weight of the world had vanished , but the next steps of the plan left my stomach in knots .
tr	I	Even if she were , she couldn 't have been much help against these odds , and Skye was in no condition to fight .
tr	O	I looked around for Tristan , but for some reason , he wasn 't there .
tr	O	A current slid into him , but he didn 't pull away .
tr	O	I was struck by how intensely chill the wind factor was up here , and I realized that I actually had no idea what season it was .
tr	I	She could use the time to lie down for a little while , and her knee ached .
tr	I	Before I could talk myself out of it I had to find out and a thought occurred to me , an ugly , horrible , awful thought .
tr	I	Greg was right , and Julie couldn 't take another lecture .
tr	O	They still hadn 't let him eat anything solid , and he yearned for a cup of coffee .
tr	I	The driver took no notice but I flashed my lights .
tr	O	Rupert was also silent , and she could see the confusion on his face .
tr	O	I was there , but I was furniture .
tr	I	I really have changed , and maybe Anne was right .
tr	O	Backlit as he was , she couldn 't see his features , but his eyes glittered with an unmistakable hunger .
tr	O	I had caused him that much pleasure , and in that moment , I felt special .
tr	O	Teddy realized that the light was playing with him and he smiled .
tr	I	He wouldn 't go that far but he could lie .
tr	O	I had a beer , drinking quickly , hardly tasting it , and then I felt ready to look at the people I was with .
tr	O	Anna would understand in time , and she wasn 't alone .
tr	O	I smiled at her , but she was already lost in thought , looking around the library as if it held the answers to all our problems .
tr	O	Her inner muscles clenched and Gray pumped his h * ps harder against her , lifting her almost off of his lap .
tr	I	She took a hasty step back and the other woman 's eyes rounded .
tr	I	He still failed to turn aside the armies of the Romans , yet he had access to all the wisdom we could offer .
tr	O	His fingers flex against me , and using that as momentum , I sway my hips from side to side .
tr	O	She thinks to ask if he has left yet to her , but figures she does not really need t know .
tr	I	How much we studied , who we were allowed to date , even the foods we were allowed to eat and he dictated what .
tr	O	They trusted me to lead , but I didn 't trust myself .
tr	I	He 'd actually seemed to be surprised by the development , and Tristan had told him the reason why we were there .
tr	I	Under the circumstances , of course , it had been deserted , but it led off the balcony .
tr	I	I didn 't have to , but I didn 't want to admit I was afraid to go back there alone .
tr	I	It was dimmed by my intense urgency , but I felt anger towards Ollie again .
tr	O	The sympathy that I found in her gaze was startling and I inhaled .
tr	O	My brows knitted together and I removed the can from his hand , placing it on a windowsill .
tr	I	I stepped closer again , and he tilted his head , listening .
tr	O	He turned off the ignition and we got out of the car .
tr	O	His pupils dilated until there was only a sliver of color in his eyes and the temperature in the room plummeted .
tr	I	Knowing she had no other choice if she wanted to live , but Dahlia nodded , not certain she was .
tr	I	We can 't trust him , but Max hasn 't said a word yet .
tr	O	I 'm getting married , and she is my mother .
tr	O	Her eyes are dark and her lips are swollen .
tr	O	The man tapped him on the shoulder and he turned back .
tr	I	That includes your utilities and I pay for your apartment .
tr	I	She knows it and I could etch glass with it now .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure , but I wanted to say yes .
tr	I	I will give you an old body , an old woman and you will understand the speech of this other place .
tr	O	Sheila had confided in Jerry , telling him almost everything , but her true mission was something she wasn 't willing to share with anyone .
tr	O	His voice was a soft plea , and though all she wanted was to give him whatever he wanted , she could not back down from this .
tr	O	I was invited , but my mom kindly advised them that I wasn 't stepping foot out of this house anytime soon .
tr	O	He claps me on the shoulder and I wince a little when the movement causes a spike of pain to shoot through my rear end .
tr	I	Soon darkness would crash all around me , and the suns rays were getting weaker .
tr	O	Clare learned that open carry is legal in Ohio , but you 'd better not do it .
tr	O	Vinny swept her hand over the display , and a collage of shots of ample cleavage appeared on the screen .
tr	O	Her thick , wavy hair is loose around her shoulders and I 'm amazed by how much of it there is .
tr	O	Brotherly , Nash knew , but it had him grinding his teeth anyway .
tr	O	The nobles laughed , and the scene faded .
tr	O	I notice them , maybe even appreciate their features , but there 's only one woman for me .
tr	I	It isn 't true , but he even believes that .
tr	O	A disgusted look settled over her features , and Emily turned away in shame .
tr	I	He was too distracted to tell , but it could have been pretty .
tr	O	He understood where her insecurity came from , but to him it was downright laughable .
tr	I	How conveniently , unemployment is down by 0.7 % , the lowest value in the last nine months , and New unemployment figures came out today .
tr	O	The Romany would know the instant someone out of the ordinary appeared in the area , and they would keep a sharp eye out for danger .
tr	I	Samantha said that apparently her bin at home was full of wrappers , but I never actually saw her with a chocolate bar in her mouth .
tr	I	With no success , Carmine killed himself but Carmina did not give up the persuasion .
tr	O	He said he 'd take away your dreams , and since he 'd already destroyed mine , I couldn 't let his power do that .
tr	I	I could tell it was an off day , but chapter 18 If my unease came through during rehearsal , Gabby didn 't say anything .
tr	O	Yes , it had enough weight to probably knock someone out , but she 'd still have to get out of the closet first .
tr	O	He 'd heard the word used when people on the news spoke about debt , but he hadn 't ever really understood the significance of the word .
tr	O	Matt was telling him something and Kellan was laughing with him .
tr	O	We all voted on who had won each debate , and the loser had to take a shot of gin .
tr	O	Andrea arched to him , her own climax taking her , but Sean never wanted to stop .
tr	I	We 're all connected , and there are unpaired , nomadic unicorns all over .
tr	I	If I were to choose one this one would be near the bottom of the list but I didn 't normally hang in alleys .
tr	O	Again the rattle came , like beans in a jar , and Eve frowned .
tr	I	It was useless , but Michael made one last pathetic attempt to break free .
tr	O	The sound was similar to that of a rock dropping and it vibrated around the whole room .
tr	I	The room warmed until Ainsley was sweating , and the fire built .
tr	O	Dee was staring at me , and then she shook her head .
tr	I	Stephen comes over , this time carrying a flat , square box wrapped in silver paper , and he lifts his hand .
tr	I	If it pleased God he 'd have a new teacher , and he had journeyed far .
tr	O	The man certainly did have a way with words , and she 'd always loved a man who could talk .
tr	O	There 's no real predicting where they 'll be , though , and I 'm usually too late .
tr	O	The only noise is coming from the gas station radio speakers and it 's set on the oldies station , playing soft tunes .
tr	O	She walked around the house , but no one was there .
tr	I	Some delicious fragrances beckoned him toward the snack bar , but Trevor smelled no people .
tr	I	Still unconscious , he grabbed his head in agony , and David felt the pain too .
tr	I	His eyes met mine , and he laid his head against my stomach .
tr	O	He was not afraid , but an intense loneliness filled him .
tr	O	We walked quietly through the shadows , and Alexander squeezed my hand extra tight .
tr	O	I wondered if Julia was going to call me tonight , and I wondered if she would have a different excuse .
tr	O	When she did , his eyes flew open and he pulled back slightly .
tr	O	The fatigue that had chased me for months hit me in waves , and I sank deeper , fell further .
tr	I	The king didn 't blame him , and clearly there was a prisoner outside who was less than confident in the king 's justice .
tr	O	He gave me a knowing look and I made a mental note to thank him later .
tr	I	There was no denying the magnetic attraction she worked on him , and he found himself intensely aware that she was a woman .
tr	I	She left the room without seeing the disappointment on Mike 's face , and Kelly said .
tr	I	He 'd soundproofed his quarters , but no doubt the casino below him was still in full swing .
tr	I	They were wiping down all the surfaces in the room , and the men were back now .
tr	I	The man 's base was solid , but he tried to spin around , throw the man off balance .
tr	O	She was stunned at how quickly passion had exploded between them ; one kiss and they were falling on the bed .
tr	I	She laughed again as we walked into the dining room and he whispered something I couldn 't hear .
tr	I	He nodded , and I said .
tr	O	I am too old , and I have no time , to begin to write all over again of her beauty .
tr	I	He 'd be at his destination and a couple more blocks .
tr	I	You got the feeling such minor mishaps were an all too frequent source of irritation and Bob rolled his eyes .
tr	O	My phone buzzed again , but I ignored it .
tr	I	I see the look for what it truly is , and he looks up at her again .
tr	I	He didn 't back down , so she finally took it , but she glared at him for a moment .
tr	O	She looked at Carmine again , like she expected him to rescue her , but he couldn 't .
tr	O	An advertising banner stretched way behind the plane , but I couldn 't read what it said from underneath .
tr	I	Liam answered without ever taking his eyes off mine , and someone asked .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure how , but he wanted to comfort her .
tr	O	I grimaced when my cell phone rang and I saw Trisha 's name pop up .
tr	O	Notice also that in the second two photos that there is a drop on the window pane and it is in a different location .
tr	I	It wasn 't , but it should have been awkward .
tr	I	He couldn 't identify it , but he knew what that was .
tr	I	Horror replaces it , her eyes going wide as if she suddenly realizes what she just said and her amusement melts away .
tr	I	It might not , and Employment might come later .
tr	O	I whispered and she gave a small , wary shrug , still smiling .
tr	I	That 's far from ever happening , but I would give anything for an hour of peaceful sleep right now .
tr	O	Annabelle had shouted ever since she 'd heard the fire , but now she was quiet .
tr	O	T was an equal trade and you should have had a say in what gowns you wore as much as me .
tr	I	With the proposal he had made to me , or I don 't know if more confounded about Joseph 's imminent predicament .
tr	O	No one had ever fought for her like that , and the effort strengthened her , made her feel invincible .
tr	O	I would apologize to you , but I don 't see the need .
tr	I	If I thought about it , I wouldn 't do it at all but I wasn 't .
tr	O	There was a long silence after my question , and I knew I wouldn 't like the answer .
tr	I	She buried her face into my chest and tears began to flow .
tr	O	Jac was now at her other side and scanning the B Deck .
tr	O	Dr. Jamison ( Van ) Vance went for a walk but he already knew his answer .
tr	I	It took Jay a few tries to start getting it right and the process was tedious .
tr	I	She was financially comfortable but she wasn 't rich .
tr	O	Her doubts about Burnett and trusting him practically vanished .
tr	O	Both times untamed vampires roaming the streets had tried to attack her and he 'd had no choice .
tr	I	Verity saw what was happening , but he tried to be subtle about it .
tr	O	You 're into kinky shit and you thought you would bring me here because you think I 'm kinky , too ?
tr	I	They disappeared , and she nodded to the courtiers .
tr	O	The opportunity presented itself when Payton threw a right hook , and Lea threw a right hook of her own .
tr	O	Dots sparked in front of her eyes and she realized she 'd forgotten to breathe .
tr	O	He drew his finger down her cheek and Dagmar immediately pulled her head back .
tr	O	It was as good a place to start as any , and he navigated to the Hudson University student directory .
tr	I	The reality of everything hit me once again , and I felt sad for a moment as we spoke .
tr	I	She almost toppled over and her cramped legs immediately gave out .
tr	O	The walls were cream , and the accents were gold .
tr	I	Then I stop as soon as I turn onto the road , and I drive well below the speed limit until we reach her street .
tr	O	he said , and thankfully we were able to eat .
tr	I	I want to find out , but what that means , I 'm not sure .
tr	O	He had forty warriors , and he lost perhaps fifteen .
tr	I	She whipped around , looking for Kevin and it only took Dan a second to catch on .
tr	I	The elevator opened after a few seconds and she pressed on the landing call button .
tr	O	It took a gentle tug to get Beth to follow , but she soon caught up with the two of them .
tr	O	This had been law since she had first taken leadership , and it had never been violated .
tr	O	The sky lightened and details became clear .
tr	O	He had never released my wrist and I let him pull me into the building .
tr	I	He looked at the man she was chatting with and when he finally reached her side , he slid his arm around her .
tr	I	Allan realized he was most angry with himself , for agreeing to Archie 's foolish plan , and Archie merely smiled .
tr	I	My hands were small , but compared to other girls my age I was average height .
tr	O	The room was packed in Dr. Melon 's office , and it was mostly filled with the wheezing , hacking remains of the human race .
tr	I	I spotted a slender crack , but the windows were boarded up .
tr	I	I pause to listen to his oars dropping quietly into the water , and he asks .
tr	I	Revel in it and to accept today .
tr	I	His orange eyes blinked , and his claws slid out of his hind feet .
tr	O	The door opened noisily and I slid back to avoid it hitting me .
tr	I	I personally don 't give a flying fuck but the three of you may not like it .
tr	I	She could not see anything - but Kathy followed his gaze to see what he was looking at , what frightened him so .
tr	O	They died as heroes , and you belittle their valor by questioning the necessity of their deaths .
tr	O	She looked over for it , but now the window was empty .
tr	O	I reach a hand to it and it caresses my hand as proof .
tr	I	I didn 't feel like eating anything , but the cafeteria was open this early .
tr	I	My forehead smacked against it , too , and I slammed my hands against the wall .
tr	I	The huge lens partially dislodged , swinging open like a barn door , and the seal on the left side of the dome gave way .
tr	O	Cloth ripped free , but his body jerked .
tr	O	It had only been twenty-four hours , since yesterday 's art studio class - but her entire life of yesterday felt years away .
tr	I	Only a handful of people moved away down the street and his song ended .
tr	I	Then she frowned at Kim with disapproval , and Beth 's mouth slipped to the side .
tr	O	I 'm sure everything will eventually come back to me , but one thing I know is that I love you .
tr	O	His skin burned , and his stomach churned .
tr	O	The calendar might read century twenty-one , but in New Orleans the old ways prevailed .
tr	O	Another pain shot through her and she doubled over .
tr	O	He pushed it down and the alarm stopped .
tr	O	He moved forward , fast , his arms catching me , and he sealed my mouth with his .
tr	I	Still , she needed more , but so good , she thought .
tr	I	She went down with a loud thud and her leg shot up in the air .
tr	O	All those eyes swiveled from her to me , and for a moment , I couldn 't breathe .
tr	O	The candle snapped apart eventually , and she dropped it with a sickening thud .
tr	I	I snap the flash and all of us squeeze into the frame .
tr	O	She faces her enemy with a new vigor alongside Murphy , yet more werewolves emerge from the passageway .
tr	O	My fingers flexed on her head , and I forced myself to stand still .
tr	I	I was going to have to be the grown up here , but I could understand perfectly why he wanted to protect his family .
tr	I	I usually take it in small doses and I 'm not a big drinker .
tr	O	The same emotions always came when a friend announced a pregnancy , yet tonight they were stronger perhaps because of her recent run-in with Nate .
tr	I	David continued and Gill stepped away from the window .
tr	O	Bridesmaids in deep green satin led the procession , and I wondered if Abe had been attempting to match them with his suit .
tr	I	It 's never seen on TV , and the truth is never popular !
tr	I	She knew every square inch of it , and this was her place in the world .
tr	I	He didn 't say anything , but Boy , was he mad .
tr	I	I had too many things filling my time , but I even thought of making a dissertation for my 23rd phd .
tr	I	Karina gave me that respect anyway , but I nodded as if my approval was even needed .
tr	O	I draw my hood over my head when it starts to rain , but I don 't go inside .
tr	I	You must know what to look for ; but they are , I say , recognisable .
tr	O	On a clear summer day Ian Frank could see the ocean but Josie doubted he was ever tempted to play hooky .
tr	I	For the first time my dreams of a world with magic were given substance , and she could make anything happen !
tr	O	The despair clawed its way over her once more , but she attempted to hold it at bay .
tr	O	In the end they had finally decided on Rochester , and they were now discussing how to get there .
tr	I	A robe blocked her view of herself , but eyes wide , she held out her arms .
tr	O	His mind was on only one thing at the moment , and that was his wayward wife .
tr	O	I look down at my paper and there are about ten sheets stapled together .
tr	I	He was looking at me like I was the Holy Grail and here was one of the biggest movie stars on the planet .
tr	I	I felt the heat starting to creep into my cheeks and my mouth fell slack .
tr	O	Your number 's up , and it is missing .
tr	O	The kids screamed with delight and even Rebekah cracked a smile .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to dwell on that , but I looked a little bit like the wannabe spies I mocked .
tr	O	You couldn 't make someone love you with a rune , and you couldn 't assuage grief with it either .
tr	I	Her palms felt sweaty and her heart was pounding .
tr	I	It 's enough to prevent the vehicle from getting through but the forest isn 't overly dense .
tr	O	You can pat yourself on the back for protecting your sanity , but hers is long gone .
tr	O	He dropped us off in front of my house , and Peter got out to walk me to the door .
tr	I	His heart wasn 't buying a word of it , but everything coming out of his mouth was perfectly logical .
tr	O	Billy lazily made his way to the entrance and Connor stoically followed him into the hotel .
tr	I	He could feel her body trembling , the little aftershocks still rocking her , yet her tone was so scientific .
tr	O	Angus opened his mouth to protest , but Simon cut him off .
tr	O	This was either a cruel joke or Preston Strauss was off his meds .
tr	I	You will support me and I 'll support you .
tr	I	Surely such a large party would have several men scouting ahead , watching for dangers , but it was an odd number .
tr	O	Life here seems good , and they 're certainly healthy .
tr	O	He 'd made a mistake and he felt awful .
tr	O	They called me to hurry , and I just grabbed what I could .
tr	O	You will be mine , and I will be yours .
tr	O	Her hair was a coppery auburn , and it tumbled around her head in ringlets .
tr	I	I used them to their fullest , and weekends were my escape from reality .
tr	I	He 's there in my head and I go to sleep .
tr	O	They giggle , but I 'm not sure over what .
tr	O	Ben slowly turned the wheel , and the boom swung over .
tr	I	At that point , I just needed to get it over with , but I wasn 't sure how I felt about facing him in public .
tr	O	All he 'd done to disguise himself was don an archetypical uniform and I hadn 't even recognized him until second glance .
tr	I	He was ready to go , and the cold water revived him .
tr	O	Aria squeezed back , and the two of them remained that way for a few seconds , shielding each other from the elements .
tr	O	I knew his question was rhetorical , but I looked around anyway .
tr	O	It 's an intricate design , and you have to look hard to find the hidden pictures .
tr	I	Without thinking , he pushed his right forearm upwards to deflect the soda shower he was certainly going to wear , and Dan 's instincts kicked in .
tr	O	Andra squeezed a stream of power into a tight ball and flung it out of her body at the thing .
tr	I	They had centuries to get to know one another properly , and Shea was his life .
tr	I	Mairi only mentally tightened her grip on her emotions , but the thought had the faintest hint of hysteria stirring inside her .
tr	I	She had to be found now , and Grace Peterson had to be found .
tr	O	I try to forget what she said about my nose , but it 's hard .
tr	O	The synapses in his brain had shut down , and his mouth dropped open wide enough to drive a semi into it .
tr	O	My pal John runs a teen rehab center up in Marin , and he 's always asking me to send qualified people his way .
tr	I	My laugh is cut short by a loud bang on my bedroom door , but I laugh .
tr	I	She fumbled her keys three times before she managed to slide the right one into the lock , and the landing was dark .
tr	O	Husbands had not been paired with wives and friend had not been paired with friend .
tr	O	His eyes , fixed on her face , went suddenly wide , and he screamed .
tr	O	His hair hung disheveled , and his eyes were filled with worry as he scanned the area looking for a familiar face .
tr	I	After Eric , everything seems like a threat , but I scream in my mind .
tr	I	I still wanted more of her , but I knew we had just finished .
tr	I	Hearing those words from Hassan made her feel better , but in others , it had been a burden .
tr	I	He quickly shut it out , but the image of his father , his face contorted with disgust , appeared in Malcolm 's mind .
tr	O	He had been through the process , but Isaac wished Reg would show some excitement .
tr	I	Supposedly , Perry had a night planned that would knock Miranda 's socks off , and Burnett had loaned him his Mustang .
tr	I	He took a step backward , fearing me and I went up to him .
tr	I	Felix was still stroking my face , and when I finally came to , it was night , pitch black .
tr	O	Charlotte knew he wouldn 't like that , and his current girlfriend wouldn 't , either .
tr	O	She looked at me too and her face was confused .
tr	I	Trinity could hardly wait to get to Drew and Jasmine stepped into her own beautiful gown .
tr	O	There wasn 't a good way to lean over the edge , and he couldn 't see how far away the ground was from where he stood .
tr	I	I 'd narrowed them down to a couple likely candidates , and Mrs. Santos had emailed me the historical neighborhoods she knew about .
tr	I	What had that to do with anything , but she wasn 't looking forward to it ?
tr	O	It had been an hour and Caden hadn 't called yet .
tr	I	He 'd done a good job , but it wasn 't perfect .
tr	O	I slid the person in question a look , but Aiden had the same expression that Apollo did .
tr	O	I 'm going to ask you some questions and you 're going to give me the answers .
tr	I	They 're sitting against the lockers , snacking on their bagged lunches , and Ryan has joined her .
tr	I	Harry walked by himself to his front doorstep and I waited until they split off from each other .
tr	O	She felt the pull on her feet as the plane started to go under , but stroking frantically , managed to get away .
tr	O	The form of the monster on whom I had bestowed existence was forever before my eyes , and I raved incessantly concerning her .
tr	O	The top three wide drawers were empty as she 'd expected , but the bottom drawer wasn 't .
tr	O	I focus again and this time I try to move much slower through the floor .
tr	I	He had to do everything in his power to make sure he was able to help her , and Noelle needed him .
tr	O	They 're hunting by scent , and yours was all over Jake .
tr	I	The heat of the dawning sun warmed the soil , releasing its earthy aroma into the air and Dew drops glistened like diamonds on fal en leaves .
tr	I	From behind it , Daisy could hear Mrs Hurley 's loud voice , ordering someone about , but the larder door was closed .
tr	I	He pulled to the curb a few houses down from my target and I alerted the cabby .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to apologize , but this might be the dumbest thing I had ever done .
tr	I	I had my suspicions , but I had no proof that he was related to any of the crazy events that had happened .
tr	O	There was a warm hand on my shoulder and I glanced up , surprised .
tr	I	As they writhed on the ground , Altair finished them , and he thrust the body into the third , who fell .
tr	O	We just weren 't expecting it here , and it 's Terri 's hometown .
tr	I	She immediately turned to me and I stopped walking .
tr	I	I was just unaware of what that was and maybe Sydney had done something to me when I touched her at the movies .
tr	I	It didn 't matter , but Manuel had never heard of her .
tr	I	I blinked them back , but tears filled my eyes .
tr	I	He wrapped his arms around me and I walked over to him .
tr	I	It was difficult , for Sarah refused to allow anyone to get near to her , but he tried to help her into the house .
tr	O	She was furious and I had been avoiding her calls .
tr	O	I assured him it wasn 't like that and he said he knew that now .
tr	I	I 'm amazed you had any time for housework , and it 's a wonder you have time for homework .
tr	O	He pressed into my breast and I watched as my flesh enveloped his face .
tr	O	I only remembered turning on the lamp and I had thought I closed the door .
tr	I	She wasn 't down there , waiting , but leaving her , he went back downstairs , steeling himself to face Jolene .
tr	I	Theories were blasted out of his head by the heat of a desire to protect her , and then he heard Julia scream .
tr	I	They got it and they were doing it for attention .
tr	I	I walked alongside him , and he started walking again .
tr	O	The sun had disappeared , and Simone seemed to be the only one concerned by their absence .
tr	I	The kid just continued on , but Allie thought she saw him leaping into a kid eating ice cream .
tr	I	The King refused to damage his dignity by joining in Henry 's frivolity but Henry tried to coax him down with bird-like trills .
tr	O	Her voice cracked slightly and she tried to clear her throat .
tr	I	I did , my legs shaking and he gestured for me to stand .
tr	I	The blaze of the fires below sparkled in them as she watched , and her eyes were wide with fear .
tr	I	Padme felt as though she could barely stand , but it might have been the exhaustion coupled with her late stage of pregnancy .
tr	O	My mind makes a mental note , but I don 't notice that it 's him until it is too late .
tr	I	I froze , heart caught in my throat , and I ran blindly until my path was blocked by a huge beast .
tr	I	Chris took the map for the Jets , and Pigeon collected the map for the Subs .
tr	O	I knew if I spoke , my voice would crack , and I didn 't want to cry in front of Violet .
tr	O	She reached for her backup dagger , but someone seized her from the behind at that moment .
tr	O	It took time , but it wasn 't hard .
tr	O	She gazed thoughtfully across the cotton fields , and I admired her dirty dress once again .
tr	O	We 've been damned and we belong to his army .
tr	I	I 'd sworn then I was done , and her words had ripped me apart .
tr	I	The room falls silent and the door closes behind her .
tr	O	The bluish evening air was still , and there weren 't any lights on in her family 's main house .
tr	I	The sun slowly begins to dip below the horizon and we ride for several hours .
tr	I	Now she wanted to play a game of questions to the death with a dragon and a minute ago she was crying .
tr	I	I didn 't want to talk about it , but I knew what she wanted to ask me .
tr	I	Her panties were soaked with evidence to the contrary , but normally she would have said there was nothing sexy about a domineering man .
tr	I	I move with him and he rolls .
tr	I	If we hadn 't been anticipating trouble , we might not have known anything was amiss , and they moved with admirable stealth .
tr	I	I couldn 't pull them away , but I struggled to break his grip .
tr	I	None that would dare invade , but sure , they had no shortage of enemies , she supposed .
tr	O	I put my hand on her shoulder and she shrugged .
tr	O	Once he stepped on the ladder , it creaked a little , but he continued down it .
tr	O	My breath hitched again , and I concentrated on climbing .
tr	I	The staff treated the guests well and he made sure complaints were handled .
tr	I	Allowed themselves to die and they simply stayed put .
tr	I	As the minutes tick by , my reflexes get slower , but we go back to playing .
tr	O	There 'll be no mistaking this place for heaven , but I 'll take it .
tr	O	He disappeared again , but this time , we knew he wouldn 't be back .
tr	I	The others followed , and Max left .
tr	I	After she 'd paid me we walked down the driveway together , and she was coming outside to check her mailbox at the same time .
tr	O	They seemed to share a moment of understanding , understanding that eluded me , but it passed quickly .
tr	I	Her expression was completely blank but I looked desperately at Ramos .
tr	I	She had hay in her hair and her shirt was untucked .
tr	O	I might have been up for answers , but I wasn 't really ready to walk .
tr	O	Beth didn 't hesitate , slapping him across the face with her free hand , and he recoiled .
tr	O	She extended her open palm , and Gretchen hesitantly followed her lead .
tr	I	She huffed out a frustrated breath and disappointment flashed across her face .
tr	I	It still sat on my desk at home and he had returned with a thumb sized replica of the Eiffel Tower .
tr	I	She quickly averted her eyes and I glanced over at Shannon .
tr	I	Dad was tall , taller than even Devin , but I had never really thought about it before .
tr	O	I turned in a complete circle , but the landscape never changed .
tr	I	The room feels like a sauna and there is no air-conditioning .
tr	I	She felt him shift behind her and she was grateful when the light went out .
tr	I	She 'd gone only about fifty yards when she stopped to look back , and she had to force herself away from him .
tr	I	They now appeared already to be eager for more food , and Energetic , happy , bounding everywhere to the delight of the picnic guests .
tr	I	Now he hoped Damon would come for him , and he just knew he had to save Matt .
tr	I	All she wanted to do was protect him , comfort him , yet she should be afraid of him .
tr	I	The words escaped him but Luka opened his mouth .
tr	I	The combined income was nothing to sneeze at but it wouldn 't make her rich .
tr	O	He lifted his eyes to hers , and she felt his words hit her .
tr	I	Diego saw that Eric hated dampening that power to obey the rules , and the man had power , yes .
tr	I	It is not but the loss that the hospital faced , making its owner resort to corruption looks like a survival question .
tr	O	It made this school thing seems so fake but I understood the necessity of it .
tr	O	I looked down at my phone and it stopped rattling .
tr	I	She drove with the windows down , and the car appeared to predate air-conditioning .
tr	O	He sympathized with her plight , but he was in his own tight spot , too .
tr	O	Well , his appearance might have changed , but his character was still exactly the same .
tr	O	I turned to look and sure enough it was exactly what I thought it was : a killer clown .
tr	O	I couldn 't even get out my door and my day had already gone down the tube .
tr	O	I tackled him , and we crashed into a picnic table .
tr	I	A starry night sky is left in its place and when we get there the sun has gone down .
tr	O	I wait , but nothing happens .
tr	I	Cory , pushing off the curb , fell into rhythm with Gene 's crazy legs and Gene quickly caught up .
tr	I	I can 't live with that , and it should have been me , not her .
tr	I	Yes , it hurt , and I let him slam me against the walls .
tr	O	Zook reached to his side but his hands only grabbed dirt .
tr	O	They may not have started out rustic , but they were getting more so each year .
tr	I	I still went through with it , yet then I did something that I knew was a bad idea .
tr	O	She rocks against me , and I am instantly hard .
tr	O	The tension between us kicked up a notch , and I realized that along with our bodies being nearer , so were our lips .
tr	I	Instead he sits down across from me , but I wait for him to laugh it off .
tr	I	They 'd never get that back and Dave had stolen their family time .
tr	I	The stars were out and the sky was clear .
tr	O	I know it might not always seem like that , but it 's true .
tr	I	She was scared of something , but she wasn 't scared of him .
tr	I	She was burning with guilt , burning , and she wanted all those things for herself .
tr	I	None was needed and no explanation was given .
tr	I	I 'm not even sure he believes himself , and he doesn 't sound that convincing , though .
tr	I	Something in his eyes told the knight that he had met the stranger before and he carried a brooding frown under a thick black mustache .
tr	O	Her head swam , and nausea filled her throat .
tr	I	The bruises faded , and the scars may have healed .
tr	O	Victor face grew angry and he looked at me .
tr	O	I can 't help but to love him .
tr	I	Her mouth falls open and MacKenzie stops laughing suddenly .
tr	O	His hair 's a little longer , and his face is a little leaner .
tr	I	She was trying to let him know not to invest too much in what was about to occur , but he sounded annoyed .
tr	O	She disappeared , but it turns out she was right about The Program .
tr	O	I mumbled something about it being complicated and we made a dash for it soon after that .
tr	O	Ben was furious as well , or maybe he was play acting .
tr	I	He moved away from that for the most part by the late 1970 's , but Ray had worked as an investigative reporter early in his career .
tr	I	I 've heard it specializes in so-called clean girls and at night it turns into a ' gentleman 's club ' .
tr	I	I slip on the ice as I slam to a stop beside him and he abruptly halts near the edge of the curb .
tr	O	Our noses rubbed against one another and he smirked as I realized how closely I was pressed against him .
tr	I	My potential is unlimited and the sky is blue .
tr	I	When they are , they are significantly less unsettling in appearance than the Silent Brothers , but Iron Sisters are rarely encountered by most Nephilim .
tr	O	For the past ten years , she 'd dreamed of being a Day Soldier , but this wasn 't what she wanted .
tr	O	He leaves me to go inside and I meander with the remaining crowds around the outside area .
tr	O	I tried to give her some latitude because Mason wants her around , but she just hit my last nerve .
tr	O	At first I fought it , but the more time I spent with her , the more I knew how real my feelings were .
tr	O	Each of the websites showed too many failed log-in attempts , and I couldn 't answer the personal questions to retrieve my information .
tr	I	He was surprised when she didn 't flinch away from him , and he touched her hair because he couldn 't help himself .
tr	I	He vanishes and we wave .
tr	O	She wasn 't friendly like Ula , but she didn 't scare me either .
tr	I	He doesn 't push me away , but Sean tenses when I touch him .
tr	I	It took a couple of months longer than expected , but with his new legs fitted onto his stumps , the therapy crew got him walking again .
tr	O	I was probably boring the poor guy to tears , but I kept reading from our senior lit class textbook as if nothing had happened .
tr	I	I let out a held breath and my phone vibrates in my pocket .
tr	O	They looked familiar but he couldn 't remember their names .
tr	O	The spiders were gone as if they 'd never been and Francesca was already walking quickly to her side of the car .
tr	O	He did his business , and then we went on into the office .
tr	O	I reach out and brush one dimple with my fingertip then slowly drag it inward , across her pouty bottom lip .
tr	O	I hadn 't told anyone , and I should have .
tr	O	When they reach me , their large , lofty bodies block out the sunlight and the temperature descends in the shadows .
tr	I	Words escaped them and the lips parted .
tr	I	Isaac 's musical laughter joined in , and she giggled , ruining the effect .
tr	I	He took , and he thrust .
tr	O	Well , one thing led to another and you can imagine what eventually happened .
tr	O	A drop from this height would be more than sufficient to kill him , but he felt no fear .
tr	O	She got one local craftsman to make her fourteen chairs , and another to restore an old dresser to display the china .
tr	O	Even Alice seems very positive for me coming on board , and I sure don 't take her for any fool .
tr	I	He knocked , and Adela nodded .
tr	I	She came tumbling down on top of him , along with a rain of purses and there was a squeak .
tr	I	The safety it 'd provide would more than make up for the tedium , but Village life can be boring .
tr	O	Carmine chuckled under his breath at her wording , her tone playful , but he knew without a doubt she meant what she said .
tr	O	His eyes were bugged out , and he looked like he was about to be sick .
tr	O	She sat on a rough bench against one wall , but Ezio could not see if she was also chained to it .
tr	O	The conversation became awkward at the table , and Mitch added nothing .
tr	I	She had never probed , but Madelyn , of course , knew that there were fiercely guarded depths to him .
tr	I	Oliver examined them as if he didn 't know they 'd already been cleared to leave town , and Michael handed them over .
tr	I	The wolf within was always ready for more , but I might have had an amazing night of sex .
tr	I	I inhaled deeply and my hands fel to the curve of his back .
tr	I	He couldn 't disguise his joy and Adams gathered the depleted team into his office .
tr	I	Mostly I was happy for him , but it made me a little sad .
tr	I	They began to descend towards the land , and the older man beside him moved his hands .
tr	I	You 'd have to be a complete beast to swat butterflies , but they ruined my ferocious badass image .
tr	I	Up there people were more dressed up , but things were usually very casual in New Orleans .
tr	O	Her father used to use that cup , but Mr. Marin had moved out months ago .
tr	I	Then pushed him over and to know that she 'd taken him to the edge .
tr	I	He stepped closer , and his breath caught .
tr	I	They gave us some idea of where to concentrate our search , but his notes were inconclusive .
tr	O	She laughed , but it was a watery sound .
tr	I	He 's still with Madeline and I glance over at Davis .
tr	I	I don 't think Annie 's that overwrought , but I don 't mean to sound callous here .
tr	I	She also has to arrive there and she lives in Hungary !
tr	I	He had won , and he had risked .
tr	O	My so-called companions hollered for a round of whiskey , and three small glasses were delivered to the table .
tr	I	These classical musicians are far worse in my opinion , but people think rock ' n ' rollers are rough .
tr	I	A moan was dragged from his throat and Jake seemed to catch a whiff of his thought .
tr	O	His jaw tightened , and a white line showed around his mouth .
tr	I	Nothing had happened , but he 'd expected the frigate to fire upon the approaching soldiers .
tr	O	Andy nodded slightly , but he was a little confused .
tr	I	Someone had to take him on , damn it , but maybe Gabe wasn 't happy to have her interfering in his life .
tr	O	his voice was no longer groggy and there was steel in its tone .
tr	O	They opened and I stepped inside .
tr	O	She heard the distant call of the servants for her to wait , but she didn 't heed them one bit .
tr	I	I knew she was thinking about home , and she had the simplicity of people whose faces reveals their thoughts .
tr	I	He pulled back , swiftly peeling them off before returning to her in a rush and she struggled with the waistband of his slacks .
tr	O	Whatever problem you have with me , you bury it while she 's here , and you give her the best you 've got .
tr	I	I realized all the vampires in the hall were hollering their heads off , and the sound of cheering reached my ears .
tr	O	I offered to do the cooking , but Pol wouldn 't hear of it .
tr	I	He felt the power of their presence , and he knew that , in the distant past , his own people had invoked the same gods .
tr	I	It could still be clean , but it hadn 't been quick .
tr	O	Sergio was definitely acting differently and she couldn 't stand it .
tr	O	It doesn ´ t look like something man-made but you never know I think as the object slides evenly onto the ground .
tr	O	I pulled every book off the shelf that seemed the least bit useful and soon I was surrounded by them .
tr	O	Rafe 's father had been a very wealthy man , but his mother had insisted on not spoiling the children too badly .
tr	I	It was not an unpleasant feeling , but I was transfixed to the ground .
tr	O	My heart was now in Simon mode , and it was pounding for him .
tr	I	I 'm too far inside of it , but I try to see upward into the heavens , to find the top of the tunnel .
tr	I	Latin American dancing was becoming popular , and I hate not being ahead of the game .
tr	I	Their mom had decided to come into Seaside for the weekend and it seemed like everyone .
tr	I	It took my breath away and a bright smile slid over his features .
tr	I	She appeared unharmed as she bolted toward Julian , but her strawberry colored curls were a mess , blood smeared her cheeks .
tr	O	Liam started toward the cabin , but she noticed he didn 't put his weapon away .
tr	O	I sat there on the couch staring at the place where my skirt ended and my thigh began .
tr	O	Her lips parted in silent invitation , and with a fractured groan Lucien gathered her in his arms .
tr	O	He might be crazy , but he wasn 't suicidal .
tr	O	She rested her head against mine again , and her hair tickled my neck .
tr	O	Now to work , then home , then out on a real date , and tomorrow get out early in the morning to find those boxes !
tr	O	He waited until they lay back , and the fire had died down some .
tr	I	I have a lot to teach you about being a Pirate , and for now though , we 're on the ship .
tr	I	They spent half of the dinner laughing at one another 's comments , and Hayden seemed totally in his element .
tr	O	Dude 's default tone was emotionless , and he 'd gone back to it .
tr	I	I knew it was probably only a matter of time , but so far I had been lucky to avoid a sunburn .
tr	I	He gasped as he touched my naked breast and his hand crept up my shirt .
tr	O	Her jaws were frozen in terror , and the words died in her throat .
tr	O	The woman behind the counter cleared her throat , and that was my cue to keep it PG .
tr	I	He had to try , but Dylan didn 't know .
tr	I	Patroclus just beamed as though he 'd been given a wreath of oak leaves , but he meant it to carry a slight hint of sarcasm .
tr	I	The answer came surprisingly fast , but the question caught him off-guard .
tr	O	The next door he tried was locked as well , but the third opened onto a bedroom .
tr	O	I don 't expect you to understand this yet , but when a woman marries you , it changes everything .
tr	I	The room begins to spin , and I sit up in bed .
tr	I	His grip on her hair kept her firmly in place , but startled by the contact , Dagmar instinctively tried to pull back .
tr	O	Everybody says I should drop it , but I can 't .
tr	O	He takes my hand , and we disappear into the streets .
tr	O	Curiosity simmered within , and she fought the temptation to casually ask questions about her brother .
tr	O	You were kind to Travis and I 'll always appreciate that .
tr	I	Darkness fell , and clouds rolled in , blocking the sun .
tr	I	It feels even worse to say the words , but Remembering is bad .
tr	O	He saw her eyes shining at him and they held him , mesmerizing him .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I knew it was driving her crazy .
tr	I	I stopped my halting steps , and a chill ran through me .
tr	I	They didn 't come , but I don 't know what they were doing .
tr	I	Suddenly I was falling , and I felt my chair melt away beneath me .
tr	I	I fall like a stone , and then he drops me .
tr	O	I had once had the words , but now they fell through me , as if I were a defunct sieve .
tr	O	I rol ed my eyes , but the sword didn 't notice .
tr	I	He wanted to run , but Deckard held his position .
tr	O	Social exile was exhausting enough as it was , and lethargy wasn 't a good look on me .
tr	I	He didn 't deny Ned 's charges , but a muscle flexed in Cain 's cheek .
tr	I	Archer thought he had the world on a string and it was purchased long ago when Lexi was alive .
tr	O	I think it was for my tenth birthday , but I forgot all about that .
tr	O	His blood pounded harder and he had to open his eyes again to push away the smell , the need .
tr	O	All of the lights were out and the place was devoid of noise .
tr	I	Dorian wasn 't quite at that stage yet , but Ian was turning into a man now .
tr	I	Then they were inside a plain stone hallway with barred cells on the left side , and another locked door , another guard .
tr	O	Ghost had his thigh wrapped with cloth , and I knew he was going to be okay .
tr	O	He pulled his eyes away from the conversation across to the room , but he wasn 't giving me his full attention .
tr	I	He began and she was starting to forget where she ended .
tr	I	I felt like a true idiot and I had been played for a fool .
tr	I	What other explanation could there be , but it didn 't seem terribly likely ?
tr	I	The way you 're living now is not sustainable , and I certainly can 't keep you safe .
tr	O	She was several feet from Lionel when his expression grew taut and his dark eyes flashed .
tr	O	Fear crawls up my throat , and I have my first convulsion as I try not to breathe in water .
tr	I	I need to get out of here and I 'm losing control .
tr	I	She was invisible again , but the brute turned .
tr	O	The past was the past , and the best thing Charles could do was put it out of his mind .
tr	I	John held my shoulders down and I tried to get up again .
tr	I	She couldn 't know that , but he hadn 't seen her since he 'd caught Joe leaving her place .
tr	I	His legend was growing by the week , and Montrose was new to the league .
tr	O	We kiss some more , and I note how perfect it is , sitting on his lap like this .
tr	I	Since that time , its history has been tragic , and it was built in 1796 .
tr	O	I would have shifted the cup to my other hand , but those fingers were already splayed around a trio of Red Bull cans .
tr	O	He was the pilot in command , and the concept was important to him .
tr	I	I am proud to say that I have every one of them , and my father kept a journal ever since he was eighteen years old .
tr	O	Her eyes were closed , but I knew she wasn 't sleeping .
tr	I	She struggled to breathe , and her throat felt tight , as if someone was restricting her windpipe .
tr	O	She was surprised that Terry hadn 't called first , but she was still glad to see him .
tr	I	It felt like I was being drained of something , and I frowned as a warm sensation came over me .
tr	O	Only these are true in the article and he know it .
tr	I	He 'd almost been too late , and he loved Nell .
tr	O	He saw me wearing it and he knew .
tr	O	It hurt to shiver and yet she couldn 't do anything else .
tr	O	I don 't know how he pays for it but he does .
tr	I	It made his head swim in delight and he could smell her wonderful scent -- the very same one from when he 'd first met her -- .
tr	I	She didn 't know how she 'd recover if he broke it and her heart was his .
tr	O	I allowed my hand to roam below her belt , and she took offence .
tr	O	We are at this location and we have the mountains here .
tr	I	I was so screwed up , but I didn 't want to leave you .
tr	O	She turned around , and I took my knife .
tr	O	The world held in the silence , and I was alone .
tr	I	It was interrupted by several wide cross streets , and the main street in town was broad enough for several wagons to move side by side .
tr	I	The strong arm let me go , and my back raked across the sand .
tr	O	She kicked him , and he groaned .
tr	O	Jeff was a really nice guy , but she wondered if he was bipolar .
tr	O	There was a hole in the chest where the heart should have been and it seemed to have the hallmarks of an electric routing tool .
tr	I	I chose to ignore it , and I knew he was teasing .
tr	I	It was getting even worse during the last weeks , but she never talked much .
tr	O	It had been a long time since she 'd seen either one of them but it was definitely them .
tr	O	There were no windows , but she saw a light switch against one wall .
tr	I	She wasn 't exactly submitting , and it was a wife 's duty to submit .
tr	O	She tried to back away , but she found herself pinned against the rocky wall of the cave .
tr	I	He was sure that Sam was smart enough to keep his distance , and Brendan would actually have to exert himself in order to strike someone .
tr	O	The windowsill took her weight and she ran , footfalls drumming the ground .
tr	I	His eyes were kind , if a bit surprised , but he was nice enough looking except for the scar on his cheek .
tr	O	I allowed her to lead me from the flowering gardens , but I couldn 't resist a parting shot at my father .
tr	I	I covered my face with my hands to have a little privacy from Shane and the tears poured out of my eyes .
tr	I	He wasn 't harming her , yet Max was holding Jessica tightly .
tr	O	He had Jim 's clear , almost fierce gaze , and he had at once extended his hand to Reuben .
tr	O	I have no idea where I 'm going and I don 't care .
tr	O	His truck was already there when I arrived and he was standing leaning against it .
tr	O	Jagger had made a fantasy of mine come true - and I had to give him major props for that .
tr	I	I was still kind of embarrassed by it , but we 'd been changing in the same room together for more than a week now .
tr	I	The bars are so high that I can barely stand tall enough to see through them , and this door is heavy oak .
tr	I	It starts to vibrate and Sean pushes a toy deep inside .
tr	I	Sarah flew in , pointing a finger at her , and before she could decide , the door shoved open .
tr	I	I 'm more nervous than he is and this is my house .
tr	O	Doing things for her is always nice and she will most likely return those favors -- in many ways than one .
tr	I	He thought he caught a flash of metal far below , but it was difficult to see over the nose of the giant Boeing .
tr	I	She looked at Josef and her eyes snapped open .
tr	I	Iona broke into a sweat , but Eric walked in , bringing with him a wave of November chill .
tr	I	My attention was on Jax , our gazes locked together , but Parker joined me .
tr	O	Pierce was a man of the world and he must have been with many women .
tr	O	You are brilliant , and I love you .
tr	I	He couldn 't afford an extra , overpriced mortgage anymore , and that was his second home .
tr	I	His eyes promised soon and his thumb stroked over the inside of her wrist .
tr	I	In amazement , he saw her , and he pushed open the heavy door .
tr	I	I fixed my eyes on the ceiling , and he stood for a few seconds .
tr	O	My back is to Warner and I don 't turn around .
tr	O	Just then there was a knock on the door , and the second Medical Board Examiner appeared in the doorway .
tr	O	She was antsy , but she tried hard not to show it .
tr	O	Jason held out a hand , and the regent returned the card .
tr	I	I did it , and it was necessary .
tr	I	Gita looked more serious , but Hana giggled .
tr	O	He knows Kate better than he knows anyone and yet he has no idea what to say next .
tr	O	It may have been one day spent apart , but it seemed like so much more .
tr	I	Eric would find out whether he did , but the human Kellerman might have nothing to do with this .
tr	O	Usually she attached herself to Franz as soon as he entered the room , but today she ignored him .
tr	O	Riordan 's concern was comforting , and she sent him her appreciation .
tr	I	Pouring water into the coffee maker and I had walked into the kitchen with the phone .
tr	O	Perhaps it was simply that she was beautiful , and I was still young enough that that was a controlling factor .
tr	I	The other looking into her eyes , but he turned a bruised head toward her , one eye swollen .
tr	O	I have one for my mother and the other four are my sisters .
tr	O	He loved me and nothing else mattered .
tr	O	Most of all , she didn 't chase the cattle and they didn 't seem afraid of her .
tr	I	It isn 't Mrs. Snow , but I hear the door open .
tr	O	He couldn 't have been more relieved and he wasn 't afraid to show it .
tr	O	It was a mild day , and the earliest spring flowers were beginning to come out .
tr	I	I could see his tattoo peeking out and his shirt had ridden up .
tr	I	One of them clearly did not belong to Mr. Drummond 's assistant and the voices were now completely audible .
tr	I	Roach brought his hands together at great speed over Latch 's ears and he looked up .
tr	O	Before she could work out what he meant , her stomach heaved and she threw up at the feet of the man of her dreams .
tr	I	Apart from weathering her mother 's recriminations , that was just mechanics , but there was still the unpleasant task of calling off the wedding .
tr	O	I 'm doing my best to convince him I would make a great hunter , but so far he 's unconvinced .
tr	O	Bright waves of fires sped down the wires and it looked like Kya was burning with sunlight streaming down every part of her body .
tr	O	She came off as being the kind of woman who liked to dominate men and he wasn 't that type of guy .
tr	O	Fitch pursued the hunch with serious arm-twisting through JRA , and after two weeks of dead-end probing they finally found the right clinic .
tr	O	This ship only had small lasers , but they could cause damage on an unsuspecting ship .
tr	I	We are alone , but in vain you try .
tr	I	Luca rolls onto his side , alongside me , and I open the packet .
tr	O	I forced myself to read through my schedule , desperate to distract myself , but it was pretty much what I expected .
tr	O	He didn 't want to keep her against her will , but he didn 't want her in danger , either .
tr	I	They looked dry to Gray , but Billy paused to wipe his eyes again .
tr	I	The look on Harald 's face said the same thing and she knew it was a bit of a random question .
tr	O	He smiles a grim smile and for a flickering , fleeting moment , I see something in his eyes , something vulnerable .
tr	I	Surprisingly it was very delicious and we finished dinner .
tr	O	That meant it was six a.m. in New York , and The Right Man would be at his desk .
tr	I	I didn 't dare hope , yet I could almost sense his intentions .
tr	I	I think she understands , but she says nothing .
tr	O	Michelle appeared even more hurt , but I simply had to go .
tr	O	It was on both sides and the tip was tapered into a very sharp point .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure I could survive a head-on collision at this speed , but I had no time to think about it .
tr	O	I tried to keep my face impassive , but I didn 't manage very well .
tr	I	In its place was arousal and as quickly as it came , her rage was gone .
tr	I	They would be clear of the threatening conditions and just a few more cloud formations to pass .
tr	I	It would be fighting every step of the way , but I might indeed die .
tr	O	He nipped at it with his teeth and I cried out .
tr	O	Trees were exploding in the cold in the far north , and the snow was piling up to incredible depths .
tr	I	It broke free and Tench yanked .
tr	O	In the driver 's seat , Jake was still unconscious , but Abigail sat in his lap , holding the steering wheel .
tr	I	He managed a smile and Jimmy Hull 's face relaxed .
tr	O	Her smile turns sad and she nods .
tr	O	Her arm throbbed , but at the same time a mysterious string of ecstasy tightened , its note rising toward the music of the spheres .
tr	O	The ground was muddy , but in general , the water had drained off quickly into the river .
tr	O	My eyelids felt heavy with the strangest sort of bliss , yet I refused to close them .
tr	O	He even smiled at me , but no humor was behind it .
tr	I	I leave my heart at the table , but my body stands up to follow Holder .
tr	I	More than a few are lying on the deck , some unmoving , but a few officers are still at their stations working frantically .
tr	I	Simone might have overheard , but I 'm not sure of the time .
tr	I	Surprise crossed his features , and he turned to me .
tr	I	She could yell , and Nell , a grizzly , was a big woman .
tr	O	I 'd stumbled upon this shop when I went to NYU , and it was perfect for Kat .
tr	I	His eyes grew and his brain lit .
tr	O	The images she 'd begun to entertain of him called her a liar , but she knew nothing would come of their relationship .
tr	O	She fell asleep with that mutinous thought and when she opened her eyes again , Nikolai 's floor pallet was gone .
tr	O	His whole brain throbbed and he was promptly , violently sick .
tr	I	If they noticed us they were far more concerned with staying away from the Marsh tribe , but foreign soldiers flew past .
tr	O	Her relationship with her father had never been a good one , but she did love Walter .
tr	I	They weren 't filthy either , but these Changed weren 't clean .
tr	I	She knew that didn 't necessarily mean he wasn 't committed , but she 'd seen no ring on his finger .
tr	I	Right now she couldn 't bear it , and if she ever stopped , she would have to think .
tr	O	I can 't see its s * x org * ns , but I assume it 's male .
tr	I	Both boxers started to slid to their own corners and the referee stepped between them .
tr	I	She had to look down ... and she received only a mere impression : blackened scales , leathery webbed wings , terrible black claws for hands .
tr	O	One strong arm closed around her waist to steady her and she immediately became aware of his warm body behind her .
tr	O	I sat alone on my bench and I no longer wanted my meal .
tr	I	The trio agreed to establish a set of targets putting forward the outline of a plan and they discussed the proposal at length .
tr	I	I was beyond saving now , but Kara had come to save me .
tr	O	I don 't realize it in time , though , and I stumble with his mock attempt to trip me .
tr	O	It had never hit him quite this way before , but he recognized it now .
tr	I	The car slid forward smoothly and Michael moved his hand to the gearshift .
tr	O	They weren 't happy about me leaving , but they were supportive .
tr	O	Doom has come upon our quest and death has come upon our company .
tr	O	Her gaze fell back to the box , and she carefully lifted the lid .
tr	I	We still use it all the time , but Nana got that as a gift for her wedding .
tr	O	Clearly Claire was speaking to her , but April didn 't stop walking .
tr	O	The volcano rose 1,400 feet , and everywhere along the base you could see abandoned statues .
tr	I	He was also grinning , but Josh was blushing too .
tr	O	She did back then , and she will now too .
tr	I	The guards throw open the door and finally we arrive at the entrance .
tr	O	When he had me at his mercy recently , that was the fourth time , but we 're both still alive .
tr	I	My heart skipped a beat , and I walked into English , ready to count the minutes .
tr	O	The pulsing stopped and the whole panel dimmed .
tr	I	He has a message for me , and says it 's from my stalker .
tr	O	Shaw had talent , but talent was cheap .
tr	O	She felt foolish the moment the words passed her lips , but Lord Reginald smiled .
tr	I	Trojans were still kindly disposed to them , but yes , they weren 't so magnificent as the Olympians .
tr	I	I had no part in any such arrangements , but we should be laying battle plans .
tr	I	It feels weird talking to my dad about Alec , but I don 't know why .
tr	I	That set Caitlin 's insides on fire , and she heard Bede snicker as she passed the cellar door once .
tr	O	Not that I don 't appreciate what he 's done , but I 've never wanted to take money that I didn 't earn .
tr	I	This hadn 't been planned , but she always came with a plan .
tr	O	She waited in anticipation and I rolled my eyes .
tr	I	She sent a wave of flames their way , scorching a clearing for her to land , but a crowd of them formed at the gate .
tr	I	She arched her back , wanting more and Randall had never touched her there .
tr	I	Their hats were pulled low on their heads and their long raincoats were pulled tight against the wind .
tr	O	A Shifter birth was an Event , apparently , and everyone attending was male .
tr	I	With one brush of his hand , the bag fell to the ground , and he reached for the strap of my bag .
tr	I	I 'd have known for sure , or she couldn 't have done nothing .
tr	I	No one would ever have known unless they came to this desolate street in degenerate Montmartre and no one knew .
tr	O	The phone had rung and he 'd answered it .
tr	I	He gazed into her eyes and Thayer 's head snapped up .
tr	I	He 'd been desperate for release , and his body had been worked into a frenzy after what had transpired with Nike , after all .
tr	O	An icy stone settled in the pit of my stomach , and I turned back to the guards .
tr	I	No amount of reparations had helped , and Lexi didn 't know what she 'd done to offend him .
tr	I	It wasn 't for lack of effort , but so far , she hadn 't throw any of the hotel 's guests at him .
tr	I	I didn 't want to say goodbye , but I knew it was only going to be a few more weeks .
tr	O	I slide into my leather suit and armed myself including a silver sword .
tr	I	The sense of the Keeper 's power much stronger and this place was far more elaborate .
tr	O	It was a camera that took moving pictures and it was aimed directly at him .
tr	I	I actually wasn 't pregnant , and the test wasn 't accurate .
tr	O	His hands were clammy and his forehead was wet .
tr	O	Nathan steps forward , but Andy grabs one of his shoulders .
tr	I	I 'd use it if I had to and I was stronger than I looked .
tr	I	Yet it was another man who took her wrist , and it felt as if she were giving herself to him , giving him everything she was .
tr	I	That was just one of his many endearing quirks , and he didn 't seem to like chairs .
tr	O	He had witnessed a lot of ridiculous conversations in his life but having them argue over him was surreal .
tr	O	She was trying to sound unfazed by his appearance , but he could see through her nonchalance .
tr	I	He looked up and something bumped .
tr	I	I felt no burning but I writhed in the dirt to smother any that might have struck my back .
tr	I	Aiden sent me a quick grin , and my stomach rumbled in response .
tr	I	They 're obviously very protective and she 's among her friends .
tr	O	A knot of students encircled one of the representatives , but there was also an older woman sitting at the table , doing some kind of handwork .
tr	O	When they come for us , take the wraiths and I 'll engage the vampires .
tr	O	Father Joseph offered to return them but he hadn 't handed them back .
tr	O	Her glare vanished as soon as he met it , but he knew what he had seen .
tr	I	It was warm out , and the sun was shining .
tr	I	To mend the wounds as well , but the only one to not only sober him up .
tr	I	The gun lowered a fraction , and Clear indecision tracked over his face .
tr	I	I force a smile and London glances at me .
tr	O	That seemed to get somewhere because Kelly was now looking between the two of us again and I could see that she was entertaining the idea .
tr	I	I couldn 't get it around the word pregnant , but I tried to take a breath .
tr	O	This place definitely wasn 't his speed , but he wasn 't going to wish he 'd left her hungry .
tr	I	I can 't leave him with that ability , but I don 't want to neuter him entirely .
tr	I	I say you 're too old , too old to realize the ancient ways no longer work , but you say I 'm too young .
tr	O	She pulls him from his writing funk , but that wears off after a few songs .
tr	I	I doubt that 's what he is really going to do , but he said he is going to take me to the movies .
tr	I	She offers me a kind smile as she does , and she 's the only one who responds to me .
tr	I	Her back was straight , her head high but her eyes were still wet as she gazed at him .
tr	I	The momentum was definitely in favor , but not everyone wanted to try it .
tr	I	Together , they attempted to box me in , and he was soon joined by a second car .
tr	I	Then they would be happy , and he would wait for her .
tr	I	We totally crushed the opposition , and after we started to play time went by in a flash .
tr	I	Now it was out of her hands and Jenny realized she had pushed it as far as she could .
tr	O	Kinsey knew it was the stress of the situation , but she suddenly had to fight off a burst of laughter wanting to escape .
tr	I	You 'll always have a home here , but you 'd have to speak to Charles about your wages .
tr	I	His golden eyes sparkled as if he had some plan in mind , and he wore a cream sweater that made his tanned skin even more appealing .
tr	O	Flowers flew at her from people following the procession and Titus sat up to help her gather them all .
tr	O	There wasn 't a hope of finding water on his own , and he couldn 't bear to face the pain again .
tr	I	Oh , she was perfect and he continued his journey .
tr	O	Now that they knew who I was , I supposed this was even bigger news , and part of me hoped it would reach Noelle before dinnertime .
tr	I	Sam didn 't know what else to say , but the words were so bare , so inadequate .
tr	I	For the first time since the attack , Sheridan couldn 't sleep , but it was late .
tr	I	He gave another sharp nod of his head , and I looked back at him .
tr	O	In the end , I had not been able to change the world , but I had at least changed myself .
tr	I	She was forced to turn around towards him and the pressure of his hand made Mia stop .
tr	I	It was coming from the left , somewhere below me and I was swimming to the right side of the cavern .
tr	O	He was planning to kill that Salamander when he found out , but he never got the chance .
tr	I	He wouldn 't do that , but he could have added Giselle .
tr	O	If it weren 't for him I probably would 've punished Ellie , but she had been his friend .
tr	O	Jon had this album and Theo really liked it .
tr	I	Actor wasn 't one of them , but I was a lot of things .
tr	I	The banging in his chest slowed and Jace 's head started to clear .
tr	I	I just shake my head letting him know I still don 't know anything , but he looks at me for answers .
tr	O	My pulse began to hammer and my eyelid began to twitch .
tr	O	My second class was Political Theory , and my third class was International Relation .
tr	O	Cassie was quiet for a few seconds , shocked that even the ancestors would stoop so low , but also feeling a little ashamed .
tr	I	I could see the agreement in his eyes , but Kincaid didn 't say anything .
tr	I	She was dead and she was covered with blood .
tr	O	The ends hung down to almost her knees and her arms were swallowed up in the fabric .
tr	O	This plan will run on his endurance , and his patience may not withstand the effort .
tr	I	It gave him power and it made him money .
tr	O	Pirro wanted nothing more than to tell him everything , but he needed to think things through first .
tr	O	Antonia was a bit concerned about the guest in question , who was still comatose beside his home-made alter , but she needn 't have worried .
tr	O	He appears to have one desire now , and that is to sleep as much as he can .
tr	I	She really wanted to punch the teeth in on whoever had put her brother into a giant test tube and her heart was in her stomach .
tr	O	I asked , hoping that we could escape and I could walk off some of the steam .
tr	I	The excitement was high and the food was garnering raves .
tr	I	I know you are far from ready , and I taught you almost everything I know .
tr	O	I felt the flicker of regret but it was quickly drowned out by the noise in my head .
tr	I	I notice for the first time that she is quivering , and Robin 's grandma unfolds her arms from across her chest .
tr	I	I panicked , grasping his arm tightly as tears filled my eyes and he reached over me to turn out the light .
tr	I	It was locked fast but she tried the door .
tr	I	I managed to catch it and he threw it weakly towards me .
tr	I	He could recognize names easily enough , but Reading in Latin had never been his strong point .
tr	I	We all faced the door and just then the front door handle began to turn .
tr	I	I kept going , but the accusation just came out of my mouth .
tr	O	She 'd done it frequently this week , and she knew exactly what he liked now .
tr	O	Her door closed softly , and Fred cleared his throat .
tr	I	Whoever he was with came into the house and Pat wasn 't attacked as soon as he .
tr	I	I do not care , but the excruciating pain rips through every nerve cell .
tr	I	She couldn 't fit the pieces together , but before , she 'd had glimpses , tantalizing clues .
tr	O	He swam briskly back underneath the boulder and as he emerged , Brett was coming back down from the boat .
tr	O	By then I wanted to forget all about it , but Micah wouldn 't let it go .
tr	I	He knew he could have painted it , and through the alcohol he saw it all , just as he had with the three women .
tr	O	I thought of the tense standoff in the tent this morning , and I wondered if I 'd underestimated how close it had come to a fight .
tr	O	He was more than a little dubious of Timmy 's claims , but he had no other choice .
tr	O	My aunt is under a lot of pressure and she is about ready to blow .
tr	I	He was never one to follow rules too closely but he knew this was against the King 's orders .
tr	O	They waited for the waitress but Garcia began speaking again .
tr	I	It was too late for that , but instantly , the edges blunted , as he shielded her from his raging need .
tr	I	The lights on the shuttle illuminated the water around us , but it was night .
tr	I	The current continued to beat him down , and the pain from his ribs was excruciating .
tr	O	The knight parted his feet , scooping low to lunge toward me , and time slowed down .
tr	I	I sit on the couch laying my head against the wall , closing my eyes and my mother is sleeping .
tr	O	The group knew they 'd strolled into a fight , and no bright smile could hide the fact .
tr	I	She failed to get a grip on the desktop , but she tried to lessen the impact of the fall .
tr	I	In the end , he couldn 't help it but Stone fought his urge to look .
tr	O	He grew up in the capital but some people were never comfortable with the sight of his pure red hair .
tr	O	The men would be trying to peep in the holes and that would bring their whole sham crashing down on them .
tr	O	She was sweating , and her hands were shaking violently .
tr	I	It was not until the eastern skies were finally beginning to lighten that a distant shoreline came into view and the night grew long .
tr	I	She didn 't deserve this and I 'd done her wrong .
tr	I	Chase took that as encouragement to let the thrust in morph into an immediate withdrawal , and a squeak scraped out of her throat .
tr	O	Joseph picked me up , and Little Salome with me .
tr	O	She did not know why she chose these words but they seemed right .
tr	O	That would give them six , and if there were eleven left in the house , we 'd be outnumbered .
tr	O	The rooms of the Sepulchre flew past , and then I was in the sunlight .
tr	O	He let go of her arm and his hand fell to his side .
tr	O	She was right and that was a point I didn 't want to discuss .
tr	I	She missed him already , but Time to get on with life .
tr	I	He was still glaring at Chase , and this was the most serious I had ever seen Phoenix .
tr	I	The traces of joy I 'd witnessed so often in Jared 's expression made a reappearance on his face , and the storm from moments before passed .
tr	I	Sawyer shook the man 's hand as they exchanged greetings , and Lyndon inclined his head .
tr	I	She wanted to avoid the increasing cold of nightfall , and Home was in a valley far away .
tr	I	Tech stuffed away in there , too and Chaz has all kinds of tools .
tr	I	The dark lord catches each of his fists in turn , but not yet discouraged , Link throws a quick one-two punch .
tr	I	She coughed , and Acid crept in her chest , to the back of the top of her throat .
tr	O	I would have to set those people free or my aspirations to be Queen would be worthless .
tr	I	Callum looked at her and Leah breathed in horror .
tr	O	Noah is slowly worming his way into my head and it 's becoming more than just a physical attraction .
tr	I	If the security people couldn 't take care of it , maybe he 'd speak to Weekes , and no , something would have to be done .
tr	O	There was trouble behind the green and he was taking no chances .
tr	O	They groaned in unison at their heated embrace , and Sabrina tugged at his shoulders .
tr	O	Crawling over the rubble a hand grasps his leg from the cracks and he stumbles .
tr	I	His body lost its anger , and he spoke to the guard .
tr	O	He 's going to find a way to bring us down and you 'll go down with the rest of us , Senator .
tr	I	He claimed that I beat him up and I asked him what happened .
tr	O	Afterward , she suggested we go dancing , but by then I could barely move .
tr	O	They all seemed really nice , but she still couldn 't keep her nerves totally calm .
tr	O	She 's a tiny little thing , but I know she can take me .
tr	I	I knew from the angry way her eyes narrowed that she knew exactly who I was , and she stopped cold when she saw me .
tr	I	His eyes were shut and he has been laying at his place .
tr	O	His eyes met the hole in Sam 's chest , and he stopped dead in his tracks .
tr	O	He looked at her , a clear plea in his eyes , but she slowly shook her head .
tr	I	Then we 'd have to deal with his successor , but killing him would be permanent , of course .
tr	I	She wasn 't in the mood for lessons on Shifters at the moment , but Iona didn 't know what a Guardian was either .
tr	O	The man turned around to the crowd , but he didn 't see Nikolas .
tr	I	If I rubbed just a little bit longer I was going to come and his erection was pressing against my swollen clit .
tr	I	It hurt too much , but Keeley tried to smile .
tr	O	Cody 's parents were out of town for the weekend and Cody 's keys were locked in his car , seven blocks away .
tr	I	I didn 't attempt to hide it , and there was panic in my voice .
tr	I	He seemed confident that together they could handle the phantom , and he had known exactly what to do when they met the fog giant .
tr	I	His pinkie crosses over mine , wrapping around it and his injured arm comes up to settle beside mine .
tr	O	You just figure you 're gone , and the rest will pretty much take care of itself .
tr	I	They 're just classmates , none of them my friends , but a few random faces pop up .
tr	O	I 'm facing Alejandro , my back to the door , but I still know the second Ethan gets close to me .
tr	I	I snickered slightly and he rolled his eyes .
tr	I	Sal wouldn 't let her but Laci tried to move away .
tr	I	Our thoughts aren 't , but the room is imagined .
tr	I	A stiff breeze sprang up to push her back to the pier , and she said .
tr	O	someone asked , and Kat jumped , surprised to see a man standing behind her .
tr	O	We may be farmers , but I 'm not having child manure in my hall .
tr	O	The storm is dissipating as it moves further South , but conditions are still considered to be dangerous .
tr	O	His mind is set and that 's that .
tr	I	He leaned still closer , and his gaze narrowed , mimicking mine .
tr	I	He yelled , flinching away and I got one of them .
tr	O	There are just all these expectations that come with a step like this , and I guess I just got overwhelmed .
tr	I	Confidence was something I certainly lacked , especially at that moment , and you need a lot of confidence to feel like a princess .
tr	O	I should be elated , but it just felt weird .
tr	O	They say something to each other in low voices and I become very aware of why she 's here .
tr	O	Graham 's fists balled , and he jerked his arms open , snapping a few vines that held him .
tr	I	She didn 't have any idea how sever it was , but whatever news he was trying to tell her was bad .
tr	I	Maybe Juanita had called him after all , but it just didn 't seem likely with his slack personality .
tr	I	He staggered back , but he was unhurt .
tr	O	You knew it was wrong , and your mother called it stealing .
tr	O	He traces his finger lightly over my breast , and my already erect nipple becomes even tighter .
tr	I	Vanessa smiles back at him , and Rory bursts out laughing at that .
tr	O	I turned to face her and she was already turned towards me with her face propped up on her palm .
tr	O	I had to and she knew that .
tr	O	He laughs , but his laugh quickly fades once his eyes drop to my mouth again .
tr	O	McNair skewered her face , and she suddenly felt it was frying over a grill .
tr	I	She can tell when I 'm lying to her and Drogheda 's got some kind of crazy sixth sense .
tr	O	We couldn 't see the sniper and that left Marky with few options .
tr	O	You 'll have your phone with you and there 's music there .
tr	O	I waved despite my resolve not to and he winked at me .
tr	O	Her gaze found Rio 's as she spoke , and his warm gaze stroked gently over her face .
tr	O	Her arms wrap around my neck , and she buries her hands in my hair as she presses against me .
tr	I	They left the house and he picked up Bongo .
tr	I	Michael 's stocky body was curled in a ball beside her , and Dee 's long legs were sprawled near the window .
tr	O	Tyler 's voice , once again unexpected , made her jump , and she covered her mouth to hold back the scream of surprise .
tr	O	Darius stomped out of the room toward his bedroom and I followed , afraid he 'd do something drastic , like jump out his window .
tr	O	It was only him and me in the room .
tr	I	He was out of his seat as soon as the word left his lips , but the teen shrugged as though he couldn 't care less .
tr	I	The sword glanced off his armor and Tom turned to avoid the blow .
tr	O	The nun lead them out into the middle of a large lawn and they sat in a circle .
tr	I	The congregation has already gathered for their early-morning service , and the sun is just coming up .
tr	I	He drew her beneath the shelter of his broad shoulder , and he felt the small shiver that ran through Antonietta .
tr	O	It was almost fully dark now , and I wished I could see her face better .
tr	O	The patterns linked up in her mind and she saw how it could be done .
tr	I	This is taking it to an extreme , but Blue may be my favorite color .
tr	O	The man was strong , impossibly strong , and his clenched fist held firm .
tr	I	I can feel him here , but it sounds stupid to say .
tr	O	Stanley had never had fish , let alone wine , so early in the day , and he chalked it up as a novel experience .
tr	I	I leaned forward , silently begging him to kiss me , and our lips were so close that I could feel his breath .
tr	I	Each time it was the same , and I kept glancing up at him .
tr	I	It was the woman sitting next to her that snagged Billie 's attention , but they were pretty , especially the small blonde .
tr	I	The way fairies tend to band together in groups we call families , but only two of us were actually related .
tr	O	I considered getting my toothbrush from my bag in the living room , but after a moment of deliberation I opted to stay in his room .
tr	I	I was in no mood to pander but it went over badly .
tr	I	He immediately latched onto it , and his hand brushed against something .
tr	I	My mind wasn 't on the music , but I listened as they broke into their rendition of the latest country hit .
tr	O	His voice got louder than it should have been , and I knew immediately that I had spoken to him at the wrong moment .
tr	O	Corrado had dragged him out of bed at three in the morning , but he hadn 't explained where they were going on the drive .
tr	I	Annie considered it her duty as their daughter to encourage their reconciliation , and her parents needed each other .
tr	I	I could practically hear her thinking everything through , trying to digest it , and Vee didn 't answer right away .
tr	I	Surprisingly we did so willingly , like participants in a street theatre show and he motioned to us to move closer to him .
tr	O	Her body still lay in the bed in front of me , but the story of her life was over .
tr	I	For a few minutes all our worries disappeared and it was warm enough to walk without a jacket .
tr	I	She immediately shut me down , but I tried to talk to my mother about it .
tr	O	The room began to spin , and she strained to keep still .
tr	O	She heard Stu 's laugh again and her face turned even brighter red .
tr	O	It pissed me off , but I wasn 't exactly in a place to be saying anything about it .
tr	I	The tulips looked promising , and the narcissus had been blooming in my backyard for a couple of weeks .
tr	I	Something has got to be done , but I really don 't want to throw her under a bus .
tr	I	Maya gently pressed the hilt into my palm , but automatically , I tried to shove the dagger back toward her .
tr	O	This time there were no tricks , and I would have to set it myself .
tr	I	It made him angry , but he wasn 't sure .
tr	I	She knew it , and she 'd totally killed Hello Kitty .
tr	O	I was failing my classes and she knew it .
tr	O	My blood ran hot , and my fists clenched .
tr	I	He wished it were , even as the car pulled away from the hotel but he knew that wouldn 't be possible .
tr	O	It 's like they 're sleeping and they need to be woken up .
tr	O	Brody did his best to look modest , but grizzlies were bad at not looking smug .
tr	O	Instead the wedding was postponed indefinitely , and Clary could hear her crying through the walls at night .
tr	O	She would never meet her , and she felt rather sad about that .
tr	O	I do make a profit but it 's still really cheap .
tr	I	She felt amazing in his hand , and he curled his fingers around his sword .
tr	I	They continued on their stroll and she laughed under her breath .
tr	O	She turned around from me , but my inside monster came above .
tr	O	Yes , he was an amazing actor , but every instinct she had told her he hadn 't been acting when he 'd said that .
tr	O	Kate folds her arms across her chest and Asher places a hand on her back .
tr	I	The wooden gate opened and the noise died away .
tr	O	Then Matthias was kissing me , and I knew that whatever happened after today would be would be okay .
tr	O	There was no telling where it might lead them , but at least they 'd be together .
tr	O	Orange Notes , the campus band , was still filing into their section , but they reacted to the excitement unquestioningly .
tr	O	I wouldn 't mind a pet , but my shifts are too long .
tr	I	We lay there , contemplating the night sky , and the rider fell to the ground beside me .
tr	I	Yet it was much more than that , and it was no more than that .
tr	O	My arms reached underneath his and I held on to the back of his shoulders with my fingernails dug deep into his skin .
tr	I	This one was giving it a run for its money , but well , the first one after my parents ' death was awful .
tr	I	Only part of that task was building a fighting force -- and all that mattered was the task at hand .
tr	O	Then she would be back in her Hotel after the shows , and she would be able to relax more .
tr	I	I 'm better off this way , and my fate was sealed long ago .
tr	I	I 'll bet this chest for supplies , but you can keep the coins you won .
tr	I	They 're critical to plant growth , and there are dozens of species of bacteria living in Earth soil .
tr	I	I kind of knew that would be the case , but I managed just fine as far as my thirst went .
tr	I	Soon he made it quite unthinkable for me , and that I might convert was unthinkable to him .
tr	I	He was more careful now , but nice people often ended up hurt when they befriended him .
tr	O	His wounds were pretty bad and it was taking longer than anything else I had done .
tr	O	He looked as though he did , but I kept that thought to myself .
tr	O	Obi-Wan 's face flushed a little , but he smiled approvingly at the embrace .
tr	I	Anna passed and Joshua illuminated each tombstone he .
tr	O	The urge to tell him to go to hell nearly overcame her good manners , but volatile reactions never solved a problem .
tr	I	He jumped on top of her and she fell to the floor .
tr	I	Kimberly knew what he wanted to know but Jon couldn 't quite form a sentence .
tr	O	Mari 's pink lips linger so close , but she doesn 't close the distance between them .
tr	O	Her worn-out sneakers slipped in a pool of her own blood , and her legs went out from under her .
tr	O	He could see the logic of it , but in practice it would be sheer torture .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but she took it in mine , a few other kids staring at us .
tr	O	Michelle stood next to me and we searched the dark street below .
tr	I	When it was ready , we opened it up , and I clicked the icon to recover the Word document .
tr	I	He knew his words had been a direct hit and she flinched .
tr	I	I just had to tell someone but I 'm not sure what good it 'll be .
tr	I	Her heartbeat quickened , and she could still feel his breath on her skin .
tr	I	At least we didn 't have to leave with Cameron being so pregnant , but two months went by before it was legally ours .
tr	I	She most likely would have sensed him near her , but she never would have seen him .
tr	I	Mike didn 't know how much of it he could fix properly , and the damage was much more extensive this time .
tr	I	Darin was rash , but they 'd both seen something they wanted .
tr	O	He offered her a quick wink and he was gone .
tr	O	She folded her arms to keep them from shuddering , but it wasn 't doing any good .
tr	O	He had only five days until his suppliers showed up , but he was certain he could hide her from his suppliers .
tr	O	I wish I could have seen it earlier , but the two of you complement one another .
tr	O	Eventually I got the clasps that held the cuffs in place and they fell away .
tr	O	I don 't offer and they don 't ask .
tr	O	Hayden 's , Tristan 's , and Logan 's faces became serious .
tr	O	They 've got a tight hold here , and anti mystic security is way too high .
tr	O	One can trick the body but one can 't deceive the spirit .
tr	I	When she joined us , Benjy took one , and she carried two sleeping babies in her arms .
tr	I	There was a small chance he could win that fight , and he 'd challenge Cain for control of the demon dimension .
tr	O	She struggled in his grasp , but it was futile .
tr	O	I glanced back again , and everyone was behind the barricade , except for Rodriguez .
tr	O	He smiled again , and something moved above us .
tr	O	There was attraction , of course , but it was more than that .
tr	I	Maybe he is and he looks like he 's tripping on acid .
tr	I	Still he held fast , but the man dropped onto his chest .
tr	O	The dog coughed a few times , and Peter stared at her .
tr	O	Blake nodded as he backed out of the room , and I slumped against my desk , dizzy with adrenaline .
tr	O	He never read the messages himself , but William reported to him on the matter .
tr	O	I 'm the one that found them this way , well my wife Mary and I happened on 'em .
tr	O	I 've grown very accustomed to taking on other bodies as my own , but I 'm never sure how the real owners wear them .
tr	O	I was crying harder , and my words were muffled by the stabbing waves of piercing heartbreak that paraded itself in my tone .
tr	O	The phones were in a dead-end lobby and he didn 't want to feel trapped .
tr	I	I didn 't think I was good enough to get so much attention for it , but I 'm good .
tr	I	You didn 't dope kids up for things like that back then , and only Leo had it bad .
tr	I	The two of them laughed and Angela said something to Billy .
tr	O	She tried to sit up , but Cain kept his grip firm so she wouldn 't accidentally stop touching him .
tr	I	I punched the correct siren , and when we got in , John started the engine .
tr	I	We were quiet for some time , and he didn 't say anything .
tr	I	Her full lips were most often curled into a large smile , and she had a small spattering of freckles across her petite nose .
tr	I	I thought it was absolutely hilarious , but I knew Lakin would be upset .
tr	I	This suited me fine , and she preferred Bible stories .
tr	O	She faded and I crumbled with her .
tr	O	A pained look came into Marcus ' eyes and he looked at Maisie directly .
tr	I	Something horrible has happened , but I don 't know what .
tr	I	What he saw on Mairi 's face made him curse silently , and his eyes narrowed .
tr	I	Nothing could sneak up on me while I slept and I turned around so my back was to the wall .
tr	O	The old Tara would have let that comment pass , but the new Tara was turning over a new leaf .
tr	O	Kate wasn 't really interested in that conversation but as they talked , something caught her attention .
tr	O	I 've been trying so hard to figure out how to make you choose me , but I can 't .
tr	I	He pulls my face in his direction and I feel his hand touch my cheek .
tr	I	That 's what matters , and I have my Gramps .
tr	O	She agreed , reluctantly , and he told her to meet them at the diner Friday night at seven .
tr	I	The display lit up and he picked up his cell .
tr	O	His tongue probed my lips , insistently , but I pulled away .
tr	O	It was apparent to me that the mention of Lancaster had hurt , but she did her best to conceal the pain .
tr	O	A few minutes had gone by , and the liquid was a dark brown .
tr	O	I 've only seen him a few times over the past eighty-six years , but I do know him .
tr	I	They were ineffective , but the Strands ' warlocks were hurling blasts in my direction .
tr	I	I am in my third year of studying Engineering at this university , and Alex Ramirez is my name .
tr	O	The dinner had one car in front of it and that looked like the cook 's , because the waitress was not there .
tr	I	He still felt a sensation of rocketing forward yet he was lying down , as if on a sled and the force pulled him feet first .
tr	O	It 's morning there , and they didn 't stop to think I might be sleeping .
tr	I	The title had long ago been worn away , and the book 's spine was cracked in a hundred places .
tr	O	I was an addict and Clay was my crack .
tr	I	The little girl I 'd seen before , but I didn 't know the tall blonde woman .
tr	O	I throw another stone , and it scares her out .
tr	O	He might be the one handcuffed , but he still wanted her to know that he liked to be in charge .
tr	I	Victoria wanted to know if he really died , like gone in the world but other people would say a person died just in their memories .
tr	O	He placed it in her palm , and she fingered the thick embossed paper .
tr	O	The door opened at ten and Margaret walked into the store .
tr	I	He tried to pet it and the puppy licked his hand .
tr	O	I didn 't listen in on Casey 's phone call , but I was relieved to know she was making friends .
tr	I	I can see now and my mind is open .
tr	O	She wanted to hate me , but I wanted to forget her .
tr	I	I 've no idea how to write it down , but I feel like I 've learned something important about the race to come .
tr	I	She couldn 't remember where they were , but she remembered somewhere , him telling her the same thing .
tr	O	The five other crew members gathered by the bank were not all hulking athletes , but they were all men .
tr	O	It was an odd feeling , and Edwin wasn 't sure he felt entirely comfortable with the idea .
tr	O	I 'd never imagined it , but there was life after Benjy .
tr	O	She didn 't pull away but her entire body was tense .
tr	O	They steer clear of us , and we steer clear of them .
tr	I	I can 't help you get back there , but now , I am here to help you .
tr	I	Eventually I nodded off , but that thought made it hard to fall asleep .
tr	O	The way she moves is enthralling , and everyone is watching her .
tr	I	Four heads were sheared free , and four axes fell .
tr	I	She still seemed happy , but her enthusiasm was subdued .
tr	I	He found himself looking down on the landscape from a height of about eighteen feet and the giant rose cautiously to a standing position .
tr	I	He found himself in the livery , and Nolen 's eyes flew open as Ryker released him .
tr	O	It was colder here , with the wind whipping off the black water , and I shoved my hands deep into the pockets of my winter jacket .
tr	O	Irony had originally applied to do the job of fate , and she held him personally responsible for her failure to get it .
tr	I	He told them why , and it all sounded like religious crap .
tr	I	There were no lights illuminating it either , and I noticed after The Square , we had past a station that the train didn 't stop at .
tr	I	A nurse calls in each day and his housekeeper , Mrs Bruce , has been with him for years .
tr	I	A savage elation was rushing through him , but he calmly slid the sheet back into the envelope .
tr	O	Perhaps she should wake him up and together they could find an enjoyable way to pass the time .
tr	O	We walked up to the biggest building I had ever seen , and in front of it there was a huge , still thing .
tr	O	There was more to the story , but Frank had other things in mind .
tr	O	He wasn 't out of the woods , but could see the road through the trees .
tr	O	I 'm crippled by their affliction , and then I have to take the time to heal myself .
tr	O	All of his focus had been on absorbing Haven 's Source energy and he hadn 't expected an outright physical attack .
tr	O	She knew that it had been rented out before , but the occupants always moved out rather quickly .
tr	I	Nobody can sleep , not after what we 've so recently witnessed but it 's late in the night .
tr	O	We 're tied to hauling straight space now , and I don 't know what kind of provisions Dina laid in .
tr	O	The poles were covered with white caps and the analysis proved without a shadow of a doubt it was water .
tr	O	It was after two a.m. , and the road was completely deserted .
tr	O	Lori jumped up to give the two of them a simultaneous hug , and her energy was so infectious that Vicki smiled despite her dark mood .
tr	O	She 'd knocked him out in order to get away , and although he seemed powerless , he could make her stay .
tr	O	She 'd fled , and she must know by now the reaction that that would provoke in a predator .
tr	O	I 'm not going to take anymore of his crap , and he 'll learn not to take advantage .
tr	O	There are very few things that can mess with my abilities , and I don 't appreciate not being able to monitor you anymore .
tr	I	I do not come to theirs and they do not come to my Bower .
tr	O	I 've heard people say that eyes are a window to the soul and now I understand why .
tr	I	One who could make lightning pour down a hallway inside the faerie mound , but he was a storm god , too .
tr	O	I only purchased it a little over a year ago , but already it is an anomaly amongst tablet accessories .
tr	I	Ready to cuff and Joe had Susan 's hands behind her back .
tr	O	Budda didn 't often order Blood Mama away , and the surprise of it left her at a loss for words .
tr	I	The order was unmistakable , but her voice emerged as a soft , seductive purr .
tr	I	I 'm transfixed by the ocean , but I should offer to help dad .
tr	I	Neither of us can predict public reaction with any accuracy , but I certainly do not want distraction of that kind .
tr	O	I started to stand instinctively , thinking at first that he was talking to all of us and perhaps we were merely being transported to another compound .
tr	O	Women were in long gowns , and men were wearing tuxedos .
tr	O	The rescue crew may have thrown the girls a lifeline , but these liars are still a sinking ship .
tr	I	She put her arms around my neck , and I picked her up into my arms .
tr	O	The lift doors were opened and they stepped inside , as the lift 's only guests .
tr	I	Neil left and they kissed .
tr	O	Pearl gave her a huge hug and after a few seconds Abi invited her into the room .
tr	I	I don 't stop walking until I reach his car , but I hear Karen crying my name .
tr	I	She forced hers to do the same , and his lips curved up in a fake smile of greeting .
tr	I	The tan hadn 't penetrated and he had had longer hair in Miami .
tr	O	Noel saw from the facial expression that the major was about to unload , but in good Allied cooperation mode , he held it in .
tr	O	There was one nurse behind the desk and I could tell she was no joke .
tr	O	Kellee came out with the little plastic thing in her hand and she was crying again .
tr	I	She hoped so , but whether her father would be in tow , she couldn 't be sure .
tr	O	The sun was bright and the dew made the plants glisten .
tr	O	She 'd promised to bring Seth today , and I 'm glad to see her .
tr	I	I could only interpret a few , but a thousand emotions played over Zoe 's face as we peeled out .
tr	O	She should have been surprised , but she wasn 't .
tr	O	She landed on her ass in the bed and he moved , landing on her .
tr	I	No other traces of the fight could be found , but Aragorn searched the ground in a wide circle .
tr	O	This seemed awfully old-fashioned for a sixteen-year-old boy , but he would not be budged .
tr	O	Some trees she 'd passed earlier had begun to send out spring growth , but not a one of these had done so .
tr	I	The woman distracted him , but she 'd never believe it .
tr	O	He slowly tested the knob with his finger , but there was no reaction .
tr	I	She was so tortured that I couldn 't resist , but I knew I should let that thought sink in .
tr	I	He saw hope bursting forth from the misery engraved in her filthy , torn countenance and Marcie smiled up at him from her battered little girl form .
tr	I	Liam cries out , and the few centimeters of give it has is enough .
tr	O	She tried it first , and the fourth key fit .
tr	O	She 's good to me , and I 'll definitely make it up to her .
tr	I	Nash was nowhere to be found , and Jake was talking to several jocks .
tr	I	The leather resisted him before giving way , but he reached for his belt .
tr	I	He always said hello back , and even Raquel , who detested virtually all the in crowd , said hello to him in the hallway .
tr	I	Caleb crouches next to her , and Susan collapses to the ground , crying .
tr	I	Her arms are crossed over her chest and her hair is scattered across her back .
tr	I	Nothing was making sense as I went through the motions , but looking back , I knew it was a horrible thing to do .
tr	I	She didn 't give him one and he obviously didn 't expect a response .
tr	I	The move was too little , too late , but she shoved into Duncan , knocking him aside .
tr	I	I 'm terrified that someone will see me standing there , and there 's a side window looking out at the gate .
tr	I	He had grown up coming here , but Missy 's dad had died when she was four .
tr	O	All his imagined disasters , and he never imagined this .
tr	O	Obviously , we can 't answer him because our mouths are gagged , but I don 't think he really expected an answer .
tr	I	It all still meant nothing - and I learned to go through with it , to follow their lead , to accept their guidance .
tr	O	The kids were nice , maybe too nice , but I was grateful .
tr	I	You certainly can 't hire anything around here , and it 's not like I have another one .
tr	I	It might strengthen him long enough for the doctors to save him , but I don 't know if your blood will cure him .
tr	I	Jain lost her right hand grip on her weapon and Wood cracked against wood .
tr	O	She knew he wouldn 't bring harm to any of them , but that 's all she knew .
tr	I	That seemed foolish , but her first instinct was to look away .
tr	O	It was not quite the answer she had wanted but she figured she had better not press the matter .
tr	O	I won 't bother copying the junk articles into here , but I 'll still import the ones I think are important .
tr	I	The young man could perhaps be the First Lord , and take away the weathering of time in his features .
tr	O	You couldn 't see too many stars right now because of the street lights but you could see the moon .
tr	I	They might do things differently , and the two Necessities are different .
tr	I	She was afraid she 'd lose Jacob if they moved into one of them and the homes were enormous .
tr	I	Adriane was in a less than perfect mood , and Rachel had a raging headache the next morning .
tr	O	The arms are still moving , but she knows that happens for a while afterward sometimes .
tr	I	His wife was killed some time ago just after they bought that beautiful place in Eaton Bishop but George has done very well for himself .
tr	O	He didn 't look very appetising but he wasn 't on the menu .
tr	I	Him screaming expletives into the night sky and the last thing she heard was the sound of paintball guns going off .
tr	I	Good-bye was another tearful affair , though less so than the last time , and we put the argument behind us as best we could .
tr	I	Morgan 's eyes were damp , too , and Claire blinked back tears .
tr	O	They climbed into her car , and she started up the engine .
tr	O	He was her Alpha , and they were connected in the most profound way .
tr	O	She hated that twangy crap , but she was out of cash .
tr	I	The whole thing had me a little nervous , but I didn 't say anything .
tr	I	Mike scooped the little dog into his arms , and Kojak greeted him in the foyer with yapping barks .
tr	O	It was a fact that grieved Eve , but there was nothing to do for it now .
tr	O	It was just after three in the morning , according to the massive grandfather clock in a corner , but she couldn 't bring herself to sleep .
tr	I	He 'd be in big trouble or he had to divert his focus .
tr	O	I loved this man so much , but I had no idea what to expect in this relationship .
tr	I	She was listening , watching him attentively , but no flicker of recognition in her eyes .
tr	I	I know that a lot of people get killed , but one of us is wrong about how many vampires kill people .
tr	I	He wasn 't beyond begging this woman , but Daniel never begged for anything in his life .
tr	I	The relentless wind is kept at bay , and loyal guards push the massive doors shut .
tr	O	Julie blushed and John got a sheepish look on his face .
tr	O	She had only known him for a few days , but there was no denying the truth .
tr	O	When I met you I wanted to forget that life and for a long time it stopped existing .
tr	O	Plants couldn 't be depended on to sprout , and clouds didn 't stay where they should .
tr	O	Some of them had boarded up windows , and some were completely empty .
tr	O	I checked my cell , but there were no missed calls .
tr	O	She listens to this but she is far away .
tr	O	The woman flinched , but she held on to her courage .
tr	I	Her face betrayed no other emotions , but her eyes had gone wide .
tr	O	I raised a hand as more energy built in my back and a flash of red flew from my fingers .
tr	I	Edward is a little bit of a control freak , but there are only three of us .
tr	I	He cried out one last time and his back arched .
tr	I	The candles glowed into lovely , glimmering life ... and this time he held it longer .
tr	I	His skin is hot against mine , and our layers of clothes begin to evaporate .
tr	I	It dawns on me , and then I remember the kids at the street corner .
tr	O	I 'm his target , and he 's been with us every step of the way from the very first day in the restaurant .
tr	O	You don 't ruffle too many feathers , and you 'll get along .
tr	I	All of his plans would have been ruined and they would have found out who he was .
tr	O	I decided to look for myself and here I am .
tr	I	Yet , she did nothing , and he called out her name at least a dozen times .
tr	O	She supposed she could buy a new one on credit , but she hated to add another payment to the monthly load .
tr	O	We do have work to do , and Roberts will be cross if our openings are late .
tr	O	Maybe Jack had won the lottery , and they were calling to notify him !
tr	I	She was beginning to wish she had spoken to the first man , and there was no sign of life at the next few farms .
tr	I	He remembered them late into the night , plays burned into the wood grain of his mind , engraved with a code and they called out plays .
tr	O	Sam could see that Dianna wanted to fight him on it , but he had to make sure she understood .
tr	I	Fright kept me glued to the spot , but I wanted to help .
tr	I	Thomas crested the mountain , curving toward the farthest side , opposite the mansion and sent Will , as he .
tr	O	She was using her drama to cover her grief and Julia was glad of it .
tr	O	His eyes drift to my cheek , probably checking on the red mark he made there , but then they flit to my lips .
tr	O	I sobbed and he pulled me into his arms .
tr	O	Some of them were mine , but there was also a distant quality to them I couldn 't quite understand .
tr	O	The crocodile is so strong and I 'm afraid I am going to rip her apart .
tr	O	I 'd caught him off guard , and the guy beneath me looked up in surprise .
tr	I	The ringing phone stopped her , but she got halfway across the room .
tr	I	She could smell his spicy aftershave and his mouth was too close .
tr	I	She might take your eyes out and tell her anything .
tr	O	Her lashes lifted , and she stared up at him with dazed green eyes .
tr	I	He seemed disappointed and his face fell .
tr	O	It was clumsy and it ended quickly .
tr	O	He said he 'd make the meeting short but I didn 't know what that meant .
tr	I	His eyes warmed up , and the wry humor left his face .
tr	I	I scrabble off the bed , and the whole shack wakes up .
tr	O	I don 't feel right in my own head , as if I 've come back smaller somehow , but I block it off from her .
tr	I	Their bodies fell , and their heads rolled .
tr	I	She couldn 't come to any conclusion , but Mia was thinking about what Jonas said .
tr	I	When he looked at me , there was an infinite amount of patience on his face and Aiden stopped .
tr	O	I found myself never wanting to let go , but we had to get back .
tr	I	Elec nervously darted about in the shadows as he wanted this trek to be a clandestine one and a moment passed .
tr	I	We didn 't even know what was wrong with him , and it would suck so much .
tr	I	It was obvious he was in a lot of pain but Colby bore up gallantly .
tr	I	A reedy voice began to sing , and the sound of a mousy squeak answered her .
tr	I	Their eyes locked , and she turned her head .
tr	I	A hand gently covered my mouth , but I started to speak .
tr	I	My body feels loose and my muscles are warm .
tr	I	Then a calmness stole over him , but at first he did it to get her out of the way .
tr	I	The concierge still didn 't come out to greet me , but my footsteps echoed as I walked across the empty lobby .
tr	I	There were some magnificent chandeliers in the form of flowers hanging from the ceiling and the ceiling was unbelievably high .
tr	I	There was no room to budge but Chewy squirmed in Tom 's arms .
tr	I	I knew better , but she said she wanted to give me a bath .
tr	I	Before she could even open her mouth , Luna stood up and Chapter Three Mrs. Chandler looked at the girl on the floor .
tr	I	He greets me and like today , when the guards usher him in .
tr	O	My hair was messy , falling everywhere , but it was back to my regular length .
tr	O	She told them she would like to leave the furniture she couldn 't take with her , and she hoped they could use it .
tr	O	You remembered and you called it up the moment you remembered your ma 's face .
tr	O	The carriage gave a wide jerk as it halted , and Logan threw open the door .
tr	O	Could all the stuff she 'd done to him since reappearing with the weapons and Group B really be an act ?
tr	I	Her mother is my own Mother 's dear sister but she told me her father has been long dead .
tr	I	He jerks back , and his expression plummets .
tr	O	Leaders need to be the first to take the path and that 's what we 'll do .
tr	O	She 'd remind me of what she knew and I lived in abject fear of her revealing all .
tr	I	I wonder if her feelings have intensified with his summer upgrade , but I 've known forever that Laurel likes Thayer .
tr	I	I felt empty without Vasily , but studying for them speeded my mental recovery .
tr	O	Mitch was not the most reliable person in the world , but Steven valued his opinion when it came to understanding people .
tr	I	A little life stirring inside her own womb ; and the hope for the future brighter than ever .
tr	O	He seems happy with my response and his rigid shoulders relax a little .
tr	I	I was physically taken aback , and Kiran whispered fiercely to me .
tr	I	He looked quite matter-of-fact , but I looked at Alcide sideways , to see if this was startling to him .
tr	I	He presses them against the surface of the counter , tapping them twice like he 's counting and he has two fingers held up .
tr	O	I put the car in gear and I started driving to New Orleans .
tr	O	Chewing a stale , non-food substance that you 'd never swallow didn 't seem sensible to me , but I wasn 't going to say anything .
tr	I	I refused to let go of her but she tried to peel away from me .
tr	O	By the end of the week he had completed the initial setting up and on Friday morning it produced its first high-impact chair shell moulding .
tr	O	Dr. Whitney , you 've given us quite a bit of information , but we really need to know exactly what was done to these men .
tr	I	I couldn 't lose him again and Jack was the prize .
tr	O	The words came out in a little rush , but she got them out .
tr	I	She looked forward to the release of death , and the wooden sword in her gut was slowly bleeding her .
tr	I	The last thing I wanted was for him to go to jail , and I knew what he would do if he knew I was worried .
tr	I	It was actually delicious , but Never in my life did I think I 'd enjoy the taste of squirrel .
tr	I	I feel them , hear them , as my own but these are One 's thoughts .
tr	I	It was a hard age and she was eight years old .
tr	I	I shall lie in it and I 've made my bed .
tr	I	She Pushed against it lightly , slowing her descent , and it hit the cobblestones .
tr	I	She 'd fallen into a coma , but physically she hadn 't been badly injured .
tr	I	We were packing and I went over to help .
tr	O	The paddles were brought and the boat lowered onto the calm blue ocean .
tr	I	He didn 't really think about them too much , but he figured there were others out there .
tr	O	It was simple , and it surprised me .
tr	O	James looked closer , and next to his father 's pointer finger there was a dark spot on his skin about the size of a dime .
tr	I	Neither compared to Aden 's own stabbing , when his body had been the one violated , but both instances had been a lesson in pain .
tr	O	He can 't talk , and he can 't write .
tr	O	Mary was his mate , and she carried his young .
tr	I	We 're going to keep it and we made a promise to her .
tr	O	The Workstation is shot but it will still transmit code .
tr	I	I noticed he had another over his shoulder and Alex handed Emma a rucksack from his back .
tr	I	Yes , love and Mike gave me a look full of understanding .
tr	O	Dom twirled his moustache in his irritating way and I shuffled my feet , eager to leave .
tr	I	I hated not being able to take care of him myself and I hated seeing him in this place .
tr	I	His jaw got tight , not like he was angry , like he was in pain and I watched as his eyes closed slowly .
tr	I	I know that I 'm in my bed and I can feel the soft bedclothes around me .
tr	O	There 's something especially beautiful about the Gallagher Academy when the classrooms are dark and the halls are quiet .
tr	I	Taking Kincaid 's money had seemed like the only way available , and he 'd wanted to strike back in any way he could .
tr	O	He probably had a seizure lying on his back sleeping , and no one was there to roll him onto his side .
tr	I	There were damp footprints on the concrete floor and a cold drizzle had begun falling .
tr	I	Her lungs won 't let her make the sounds , but she 's trying to say something .
tr	I	Mr. Bentley showed them into the warehouse , and Emeline smiled at the man , murmuring her assent .
tr	O	Edward was still wrapped up in Christmas and those presents .
tr	I	I headed toward them , adjusting my helmet so it was straight on my head and the humans waited for me near the edge .
tr	O	An opening in the bottom of the ship developed and we dropped out , falling gently to the planet surface , through the hazy atmosphere .
tr	O	He didn 't mind Misty seeing everything , but if his thoughts kept rampaging , he 'd never hide his growing hard-on .
tr	I	In print he had been a colossus but yes , Liddell had been weak in person .
tr	I	Kalli ends up nearly on my lap , and it 's a tight squeeze with me on the outside .
tr	O	I didn 't understand it , but I respected it .
tr	O	Maria backed away quickly , and I did my best to do the same .
tr	O	Looking in , his breath caught in his throat and he froze .
tr	I	She immediately knew it would be him , even before she had looked at the caller ID , and her phone had rung .
tr	I	He 'd rejected it , and she 'd offered him her love .
tr	I	He smiled when he saw her , and his eyes slowly opened .
tr	O	There was a point inside her when she started to hate what was happening , and it left her feeling sick .
tr	O	A few Indians in blankets wandered the fringe of town , and beyond that , a flat blackness filled with stars .
tr	O	The nightlight on the wall was bright and I squinted my eyes against it .
tr	O	He was worried about you , and he stayed up all night .
tr	O	Some would call it a blessing , but I believe it to be otherwise .
tr	I	The largest piece was embedded in her throat , but the water glass was in pieces .
tr	I	Everyone turned to look as a figure blurred into the room , and the screen door shifted .
tr	O	I looked now and we were alone .
tr	O	We did argue over a few things , a bit heatedly , but he wasn 't a jerk .
tr	O	Sometimes it was hectic and she came home exhausted .
tr	I	He would be safer and she would be safer .
tr	O	Until recently , she 'd hoped Mike would ask her to the Homecoming Dance , but it was plain he 'd set his sights on someone else .
tr	I	She could see for the first time the outline of the cave mouth and they scrambled over the rocks .
tr	O	Grandpa Jamie demanded , and the man jerked .
tr	O	She 'd had a similar feeling only once before in her life , and that had involved Nate too .
tr	I	I almost slipped at the entrance of the elevator and first thing I noticed was plumbing dripping from overhead .
tr	I	Blaine had to bolt to keep her in sight , and Part Cheetah , she could obtain high speeds easily .
tr	I	She didn 't even know yet that the other woman was barely a woman and this was already devastating to her .
tr	I	I guess he figured a little reminder would be appropriate , and evidently he 'd seen me during the morning .
tr	I	He had even started to fight and he was naked , which meant he 'd charged in fully shifted before Shane .
tr	O	Her cheek rested against his chest , and I saw that her lips were purplish .
tr	I	It was too late for that but I should have practised some threatening uses for my telekinesis instead of extreme origami .
tr	O	Maybe I had finally found where I was meant to be and this was my sign .
tr	O	It was untouched , unmoved , and the sight of it made hope sweep through her .
tr	O	Claire looked at Shane , and he took one for the team .
tr	O	We 'd brought one large bag each , and I had a new wardrobe , thanks to some quick shopping with Ry .
tr	I	He took a deep breath then sat shaking on a seat in the centre of the chamber and it finally ceased .
tr	O	It was light when we 'd picked it up , but it had gained weight along the way .
tr	O	It wasn 't the right time to have second thoughts , but it was better than having them in the middle of a fight .
tr	I	The others followed and she walked to the kitchen .
tr	I	Then , after another time of rest , she helped him to stand and Misty helped him sit up .
tr	O	Realm reaches to tip my chin up to him , and my breath catches .
tr	O	These brief touches from him make me want to bundle up , and goose bumps prickle to life , further texturing my scarred arms .
tr	O	It wasn 't much , and Sheridan knew it .
tr	O	A small voice whispered in her head , told her though he might look like Isaac , but it wasn 't him .
tr	I	He had a likeness to go on and he had a description of the daughter .
tr	I	It wasn 't why I left home , but sure , it hurt .
tr	O	She opened her mouth to say something in her defense , but what could she say ?
tr	I	I heard the sound of his voice in my ears , and I remembered kissing him for the first time on Gordon 's sail boat .
tr	I	Apparently there was no religious litmus test , but the man was a saint killer .
tr	I	The witches would be alerted to his presence , and if he moved , he would disrupt the rhythm .
tr	I	Whatever medicine they 'd given him seemed to help , but his throat still hurt .
tr	O	Charlie had found an interesting point of contact between them , but so far he 'd not been able to formulate a satisfactory conclusion .
tr	I	The way Gramps 's memory is taking him away , and the way Mom 's leaving me now .
tr	O	It took him precious little time to cross it , and Nolen realized to his horror that the room shrank .
tr	O	You 're a type of counselor , and tight bonds form .
tr	I	Robert squeezes into the back and I pull back the chair .
tr	O	His voice faltered and he swallowed .
tr	O	Eve let out a warning cry , but Claire stepped in front of Oliver as the shotguns came up .
tr	O	At some point there 'd be tears , and Sylvie would be there .
tr	I	It felt for a moment as if they had time for everything in the world , and Redgrave was nowhere near .
tr	I	I swept an arm underneath her legs , and she wrapped her arms around my neck .
tr	O	She didn 't walk with any purpose , but she did want to talk with Veronica .
tr	O	I jammed the brake but the car sped up .
tr	I	He nodded in return , and I lifted my fingers in a kind of wave .
tr	I	Then they started glowing , and slowly the names were turning red !
tr	O	All was quiet , and I assumed the tenants were tucked in their beds .
tr	I	There was still something that didn 't feel right , but I knew that the conversation was over .
tr	I	I won 't go back on it , and I made a promise to certain people .
tr	O	I breathed out , and it fluttered off toward a dark figure in the center of the carpet .
tr	I	I needed to make sure I was ready , but I wanted to call you every day .
tr	O	She agreed to give them a chance and they promised to return the following evening .
tr	I	Neal gripped her hands , using them to push her away , and she opened her mouth over his ear .
tr	I	This one was somehow different , but it was another golden room like the one in Jura .
tr	O	The roar filled her being again and her birthmark came back to life .
tr	I	He pushed me away and we rolled .
tr	I	I didn 't think I was up for it , but they 'd asked me to come earlier .
tr	O	His free hand came up around her , but he couldn 't pull her any closer than she was already pressing herself .
tr	O	It kept coming until the last tendril snaked out and a cloud of rolling smoke formed .
tr	O	They chatted as Larry slathered the ribs in sauce , and their laughter floated over to her .
tr	I	His whole body felt like it was on fire and CHAPTER FOUR David was almost done with his run .
tr	I	He doesn 't turn , but I wait for him .
tr	I	It wasn 't to be rejected and I was there for one reason .
tr	I	My muscles felt like I 'd run a marathon from being tensed while crawling through the duct and I was shaking .
tr	I	Cole doubted their horses could fly , but there might be a big army coming .
tr	O	I seem to recall her being cast , but I didn 't pay much attention to it .
tr	O	The French were following developments carefully , and the French Consul in Bergen had warned them to be especially careful .
tr	O	The night was long and none of us slept .
tr	O	For a moment they were still and something seem to pass between them , although Claire couldn 't decide exactly what .
tr	I	She had to be long gone before then , and Tynan would come to see her as soon as he woke up .
tr	I	You did it , and I knew I could trust one person never to leave me .
tr	I	She scowled , and her eyes settled on someone .
tr	O	He chose this so because it was closest to the front door and he would have to navigate fewer awkward passing of neighbors .
tr	O	The waiter returned with our food and for minute we were too completely involved with our own burgers to continue conversation .
tr	O	I thought it would make me more valuable to him , and he 'd forget about killing me .
tr	I	It continued to hold me , but I fought against the blackness .
tr	O	He walked farther into the room and the door closed behind him .
tr	I	I felt guilty for making her uncomfortable , but I didn 't appreciate her seeing any of Micah 's points .
tr	O	Just about fifteen feet in front of Ted was a zombie and it was engaged in the most unusual behavior he 'd ever seen .
tr	I	When clouds come into view , they 're carrying messages to me , and N : Sometimes I imagine you just over the horizon .
tr	I	He unleashed his vocabulary again as he greeted them , and the stout orator who 'd spoken to them in the harbor was waiting at the door .
tr	O	It 's been bothering me all night , and the more I think about it the more curious it gets .
tr	O	That would throw a spanner in the works and that was the best we could hope for .
tr	O	We finally said goodnight and I headed upstairs to change into my pajamas .
tr	O	You tried over five thousand times to win a classification , but you never had enough theoretical knowledge .
tr	I	Aaron doesn 't even look before kicking him outta the way hard , but and goes for Aaron 's legs .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop the feeling , but it was foolish of me to resent moving further inland .
tr	O	She 'd kept telling him to go home , but he wouldn 't .
tr	O	It could be construed as a somewhat negative comment that Ashley had made , but she had sounded strangely happy as she uttered it .
tr	O	None trust you and none want you .
tr	I	I brushed them away , but tears stung my eyes .
tr	O	She looked up at me in surprise and her hand dropped away from my shorts .
tr	O	The squad would be split , and that was no way to cheer .
tr	I	She looked away and her body grew tight .
tr	I	I directed her to the general vicinity of my home and she pulled out of the lot silently .
tr	O	It may seem tedious , but it will get you into the groove of things .
tr	I	The door closed behind her and she stepped forward .
tr	I	He later learned that they would change to water over time , but they were too painfully cold to put in his mouth .
tr	O	Several around the table straightened up and the one named Thad inhaled deeply .
tr	I	I suddenly want to devour every page and her eyes are like two open books .
tr	O	A long , pregnant silence hung on the air and I dropped my hand to the couch .
tr	I	I needed him now more than ever and he 'd always been there for me .
tr	I	I laugh , and he gives me that already familiar expression of doubt .
tr	I	Mr. Peacock sees everything , and there 's an old country store called Peacock 's .
tr	I	She bit her lip in pain , and the girl 's face turned white .
tr	I	Nobody would be surprised that they were dead , but those who discovered them would be puzzled what they were doing off course .
tr	I	Evan never did , but some flirted a bit with the teenage girls .
tr	O	Marika sighed , but she obeyed .
tr	O	I hadn 't had time to put the clean clothes in my locker , and they were probably wrinkled by now .
tr	I	She still wanted to see him ... and she didn 't have a good answer for that except that she had agreed to .
tr	O	All she 'd have to do is turn her head and their lips would touch .
tr	I	She often escaped here , but the private patio on top of the hotel 's tallest tower was off-limits to guests .
tr	O	She wanted this to get through to her parents , but she knew the likeliness of this was slim to none .
tr	I	When the teacher was occupied elsewhere , he leaned toward me from his desk , and I saw him looking at me with concern .
tr	O	He was breaking her heart and it killed him .
tr	O	I don 't like them , and I think they should be banned .
tr	I	This party would be a lot better with him around ... but she couldn 't blame him any .
tr	O	To Caroline that sounded like a very convincing argument , but the other man didn 't seem impressed .
tr	O	I tried to get his attention but the doctor didn 't answer .
tr	I	I was shivering by the time I saw the shipping container , but you would think that having been in a damp cave would have prepared me .
tr	O	She frowned , and he felt her focus her tracking abilities on the weapon once more .
tr	O	Our strategies will change immediately and your organisational skills will be vital .
tr	I	Ezio looked from one to the other , and more Assassins had entered the courtyard now .
tr	I	Feathery roots tickled the back of my neck as I crawled in farther , and Cold dirt pressed against my jeans .
tr	O	She probably didn 't even know she was doing it , but Eric 's hard-on was about to dig through the desk .
tr	I	My mother didn 't care , and my father was a mean drunk .
tr	O	The sun was finally out and sand stretched out in every direction .
tr	O	He would run , and he would win .
tr	I	Though I don 't turn around , I hear his voice clearly , and Holly follows me .
tr	I	He started talking to me each time class met , and he introduced himself .
tr	O	That was fine for a night , but it couldn 't continue for long .
tr	O	The team are already setting up family secure locations in the underground system and you need to be allocated a space .
tr	I	She would never notice considering her lack of mechanical knowledge , but it 's probably the most obvious .
tr	O	I chucked it at him and he caught it effortlessly .
tr	O	She could smell the coppery flavor of blood , but there was no scent of fear coming off of Sam .
tr	I	A flush suffused her face , and she remembered what they 'd done together .
tr	O	I felt another of my tears drop at that , and he brushed it away .
tr	O	They 've been ripping each other to shreds for thirty years and they couldn 't put the brakes on it for fifteen minutes ?
tr	O	[ Turning away sadly ] And in the process you 've ruined my chance for getting it as well .
tr	I	It was not really more than a bubble of fun , but this speech of Gwendolen 's had rather a malicious sound .
tr	O	In one of the dreams , he 'd said that to her , but I now knew that was a lie .
tr	I	The wind began to pickup and dark clouds began to roll in .
tr	I	She leaned down to laugh into his ear and ares was carrying Raquel on his mighty shoulders .
tr	I	The store was a mess , but they 'd sold a great deal of merchandise !
tr	I	She wouldn 't change a thing , but it 's a bit of a zoo .
tr	O	He almost turned around to see if it was still there , but the dazzle of his name in ink kept him from distraction .
tr	O	I had tried to ring her , but her mobile was switched off .
tr	O	Almost a minute went by and Blake bit his lower lip .
tr	O	It was an odd practice but they were an odd people .
tr	I	Therefore she should not undergo this pain and she was his private case of emergency .
tr	O	He can 't boil water without burning it but he can cook a mean pan of catfish .
tr	I	It never did , but after that , he glanced at the window regularly , waiting for the pigeon to reappear .
tr	I	It becomes a slaughter , or we have to have rules that we live by , even in war .
tr	I	Ben absent-mindedly picked them up as he made his way through the room and two of the chairs had been knocked over by one of the explosions .
tr	I	The wreckage was overwhelming , and Knox 's past had collided with my own .
tr	I	He would be unable to think of anything else until he 'd solved this dilemma for her , and she was troubled .
tr	O	He had not killed them , but he might as well have done .
tr	I	I was totally serious , but he thought I was kidding .
tr	O	He was straining , desperately trying to pick up some background noise , but there was nothing for him to hear .
tr	I	He will undertake a full investigation or not because I 'm worried that he will tease me mercilessly .
tr	O	Joshua 's mouth snapped shut , and for the first time he looked scared .
tr	O	The bullet whizzes past my ear and I escape death by a millimeter .
tr	I	She felt the barrel of another gun against her temple , and she saw Matt smiling .
tr	O	He couldn 't remember a time it had ever happened before and he wondered if he was getting too comfortable with this occupation .
tr	O	If not , the possibility of nuclear war could be real , and he actually didn 't want to think about that possibility .
tr	I	They recovered enough to leap at him , punching , and he landed .
tr	I	I kept coming up against a wall once I got to the part with my Jeep flipping , but I struggled to remember what happened .
tr	O	Now all she had to do was collect a few things , and she could get out of here .
tr	O	At one point , he looks sideways at me , but he doesn 't smile like he did that day .
tr	O	Krista was his mother and there was a terrible accident .
tr	O	She hadn 't changed in the least , and she was still wearing the same clothes .
tr	O	Julie was terrified , but the baby within her wanted justice .
tr	O	His mouth slid from hers and he angled back .
tr	O	Breathing came easily , but I knew better than to push myself .
tr	I	Amica was not ready to be on the floor , but he was afraid that Roberts would want them to come back to work .
tr	O	His fingers wound around the cord , and he nodded for a full minute .
tr	I	I could make her wish she 'd never been born but I couldn 't beat the hell out of a woman .
tr	O	He looks kind of like a sheep , and he still lives with his mom .
tr	I	They almost seemed disappointed that I hadn 't gotten my butt in trouble , and the crew had moved on to barn B .
tr	I	The first one was most prominent in her mind but she was afraid for two different reasons .
tr	O	My entire body was zapped with energy and it rippled all the way down to my bare toes .
tr	O	The first few attempts were only marginally successful , but eventually he found one that worked rather well .
tr	O	First they were there , and then they were gone .
tr	I	None of them could ever remember what the test entailed , but he knew that all of the village boys were tested by the strange sect .
tr	O	Holding on to the pregnancy this long meant there was hope , but no part of the process was certain .
tr	I	I clutched it tight , and it was so warm .
tr	O	It takes 13 minutes to get to Vaucluse from Bondi , and those 13 minutes were definitely the longest of my life .
tr	O	A hint of sympathy enters his gaze , and he touches my cheek with one hand .
tr	O	This would hurt , but he 'd survive , provided he moved fast enough .
tr	I	We stepped inside , and the doors slid open .
tr	O	Concern rose inside me , but I forced a smile .
tr	O	We rounded a corner , and my jaw nearly dropped .
tr	O	I 'm lucky enough to have a good ear , and I can remember music easily .
tr	O	She 'd asked if the ranch visits would cost extra , but apparently Adam wouldn 't take money for any of it .
tr	I	After a few moments , a young man stepped forward , and silence immediately fell across the camp .
tr	O	She tossed her head back and her face lost all of her previous enthusiasm .
tr	I	He took his shirt off and we got under the covers .
tr	I	Her balance wavered and she stood up .
tr	O	I was getting whisked away from the world I loved , and I didn 't care .
tr	O	Suddenly something sharp punches him in the back and he wheels to see John with his shotgun .
tr	O	He 'd been working on the plan for a while and it was finally time to put action to his thoughts .
tr	O	He had blood oozing through his jeans , but it looked worse than it really was .
tr	O	Avril was back and it was the best feeling I had ever felt in my life .
tr	O	The only lights were from my car , and I enjoyed the darkness .
tr	I	I wasn 't biting , and that was the real purpose of her statement .
tr	I	I get behind her and she gets into position .
tr	O	My mother follows him out and I feel my temper bubbling just beneath the surface .
tr	O	His house , not theirs , had been attacked , and they hadn 't lifted a hand to help .
tr	I	He felt really good and he felt as if he was at some celebratory event .
tr	O	Yes , I needn 't wear the blade , but winning the use had made wearing it paramount .
tr	O	Lindy didn 't hear her husband 's reply , but whatever he said apparently didn 't appease Steve , because shortly afterward Steve started in again .
tr	I	All she could notice was the lone figure on the beach , but the wind whipped her wet hair into her face .
tr	O	The small details were there , but enough was changed that it now felt very wrong .
tr	O	The wind whips my hair around my face and I impatiently push it out of the way .
tr	O	I ran faster , feeling tears streak out of my eyes and my heartbeat break into a fluttering .
tr	I	From what I have heard , the bodies were found quite destroyed , torn up , even , and no gunshots were reported .
tr	O	It focused on John and after a moment the machine began to beep .
tr	I	I probably would have stopped somewhere along the way , but I would have tried .
tr	I	Jase said you got him right away , and very few people are good with George straight off .
tr	O	We were pack , and we were home .
tr	O	He was above average in height and it appeared that other things about him were above average as well .
tr	O	He hadn 't known quite what to expect from this trip and Howie hadn 't given him any details .
tr	I	Suddenly she could smell the scent of a dozen other wolves lurking through the forest , and her nostrils flared .
tr	O	Casino owner Ethan Becker has been murdered , and Tiffany needs to find the real killer .
tr	O	The kitchen doors flew open , and giants stormed into the room .
tr	O	She 's silent again and it 's driving me crazy .
tr	O	Maybe he 'd give me some grief for twisting his fingers , and I 'd have an excuse for a good fight .
tr	O	Chapter One Death wasn 't something Stephan normally celebrated , but this one had its perks .
tr	I	Nothing in her expression gave away my score , and my hands shook so badly that I was afraid I 'd drop it .
tr	O	She flung herself at him , intending to throw her arms around him , but he stepped aside at the last moment .
tr	O	Tables had been arranged and place settings laid out .
tr	O	I looked down at my body but I wasn 't turning red .
tr	I	He knew it and she was teasing him .
tr	I	He pushed her away from him but she went to him to hug him .
tr	O	I suppose M is my friend , but I would rather kill him than let him taste this .
tr	I	Frozen rice bowls and the freezer was filled with single serving pizzas .
tr	O	Mortimer nodded , and they both fell silent as they tied up to the dock .
tr	O	The others couldn 't see it , but I saw it clear as day .
tr	I	He doesn 't seem to notice , but the leather cuffs holding his wrists securely to the table are digging into his flesh .
tr	O	He said it was in the report , but when he looked it over to show me he discovered that this had apparently been left out .
tr	I	In the sound she heard the wellspring of his loss , and he sighed .
tr	O	I could feel his body directly behind mine , and the heat rolling off of him .
tr	O	I secretly hoped it was the younger , not the older one , but there was no way of knowing .
tr	I	It seemed sensible to at least appear courteous , but after waiting three weeks for this meeting , I wasn 't about to leave .
tr	I	Her body is right up against me but I try to move onto my back .
tr	O	Five years ago you said you needed time , and I gave it to you .
tr	I	Not touching her and living with her , being near her .
tr	O	Nick could hear a deep voice on the other end , but he couldn 't make out any individual words .
tr	O	It was also getting awkward as other patients and hospital staff had started noticing her .
tr	O	No sign of life breached the surface , and she didn 't care to inspect closer .
tr	I	I just want to make sure but I 'm sure he doesn 't .
tr	O	Gregor thought they would do what was best for their species , and the rats were probably the stronger ally .
tr	O	Rick 's words registered , but they didn 't manage to calm him .
tr	O	Julian repeated curiously , and Dreamer nodded .
tr	I	I 'm the first person you 've seen and I can 't believe that you 've been alone in this town for a year .
tr	I	Timmy grew even more uncomfortable , and the escorting constables laughed .
tr	O	The sight of their faces twisted my stomach , and I forced myself to look away .
tr	O	She wasn 't really surprised , of course , that Raoul would extend such an invitation , but it was still so wonderful to hear .
tr	O	He looks at me and his eyes narrow .
tr	I	Smith 's flat was in Shillings and the Fine Fellows Club was located in Central district .
tr	O	I 've never felt more alive since you came back into my life , and I 'm willing to see if we can build something together .
tr	I	Myself standing there alone , with the plain red background behind us , half a family and it was eerie to look at my mother .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to answer , but Sloane 's eyes widened as she took in the evidence .
tr	O	She seemed to be making fun of me , but I couldn 't get too upset about it .
tr	O	That got Rand 's attention , and Min 's as well .
tr	I	Her fear was palpable and she knew as well .
tr	O	Arnie could barbecue but his cooking skills were a bit mundane to awful .
tr	I	I make my way into the living room and she steps aside .
tr	I	Other then data gathering , not much to see and there isn 't much to hear .
tr	I	The ringleader let Lena 's wrist go and he stood over the men .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure but Chicky thought she saw tears in Rigger 's eyes .
tr	I	His buttons strain his waistcoat , and his chin folds like dough over his neck .
tr	I	He quickly distances himself from the blonde and Foster 's eyes lock on Jules .
tr	I	Calisthenics still produced sweat despite the morning 's chill , but muscle stiffness had passed weeks ago .
tr	I	Of course nobody could , but Vic looked from person to person , as if hoping someone would contradict him .
tr	O	Trees were carved into the stone ceiling , and they stretched above the sleeping female figure .
tr	O	His wet hair was all over the place , and he was sleeping on his back , which he almost never did unless he was exhausted .
tr	I	She clung , and the thought was a lifeline .
tr	O	Because there 's so much I still haven 't told him , and I don 't plan on telling him any time soon .
tr	I	Brant agreed , but Abby protested .
tr	O	I wasn 't human and neither were my friends .
tr	O	Ethan 's jaw twitched , but he managed a nod .
tr	I	No one seemed to notice anything strange , but Reece looked around at her fellow passengers .
tr	I	She was no fool , but Eunice might be upset .
tr	O	Sean is speaking softly and I can make out another voice .
tr	I	Lex gagged again , looking away , and it snapped with a sickening crack .
tr	O	Sweat broke out on her forehead , but it didn 't matter .
tr	O	Without Colin here to steady her , she would have hated it , but he coaxed her to stretch , to push her boundaries .
tr	O	My luck did not hold out , and I was shot in the leg .
tr	I	That could be months away yet , and a lot would be determined about their future once his orthopedist cleared her for jumping .
tr	I	His smile faded a bit and he sat down next to me .
tr	O	I needed to let him have it , and I didn 't care if I was arrested in the process .
tr	O	Coming here had been some sort of mistake , and having John discover them left him reeling .
tr	I	He stayed at her heels , but she hustled down the stairs .
tr	I	His stare kept them by the doors , but they seemed like they wanted to pat him down .
tr	I	Her brothers were now old enough to take care of themselves and Chelsea knew her dad was never going to change .
tr	I	It scared me and I was slipping back into that world of loneliness .
tr	I	They weren 't anywhere to be seen , but I began screaming for my family .
tr	O	I grabbed Jules ' hand but that didn 't help .
tr	O	Rick tried to catch her , but she was faster than him .
tr	I	They splashed into the ocean together and he took her hand .
tr	I	She must do surely but I wasn 't sure this was true !
tr	O	A moment later there was a grunt , and the hand released him .
tr	I	No was not what tumbled from her lips , but her lips parted .
tr	O	They fooled around in the shower and she 'd been late for work .
tr	I	Her eyes were still closed , but tears streamed down her face .
tr	I	All our perceptions are personal , and it is duration we perceive .
tr	O	Robert stood to welcome them , but all the while he was assessing them with his cool , unreadable gaze .
tr	O	The sound of someone clearing their throat startles me to attention , and I spin around creating an x across my chest with my arms .
tr	O	He smiled , but it didn 't reach those eyes of his .
tr	I	I sighed happily , and the water felt wonderful against my skin .
tr	O	Somewhere he 'd read that right here was the highest concentration of snow-capped volcanoes in the lower forty-eight states , and it was easy to believe .
tr	O	That wasn 't true , but I didn 't want to explain further .
tr	I	I don 't want to lose you ever again and you have been my best friend my entire life .
tr	O	He was starkly honest about everything , and that appealed to her as well .
tr	O	I don 't know why that works , but it does .
tr	I	He 'd gone formal , with actual shoes , but like Shane , he was wearing jeans .
tr	I	There was nobody meeting any of them , but there were at least three that answered to Abu 's description .
tr	O	I could see the sweat rolling down his chest and I wanted to lick it off of him .
tr	I	Blood dripped down from my arm , and the chains vanished from my foot .
tr	O	The night was cooling , and her flesh , bared by the sarong , rose in goose bumps .
tr	I	His fever has abated and his wound is healing .
tr	I	They could come back , but the others ran off .
tr	I	We ate our food while listening to the radio and she parked the car around the corner .
tr	I	Austin 's shot had gone wild , and her bullet had found its mark .
tr	I	Inez thinks an intellect like Perry Mason would be better , but I think we need someone hard-boiled like Mike Hammer .
tr	O	The sun was shining , and it was already comfortably warm outside even in the early morning .
tr	I	He made no move to pick them up , but his star-shaped sunglasses fell off .
tr	O	Her basket was heavy now , pulling on her shoulders and she moved past the line .
tr	O	I munched on popcorn , safely past my seasickness , and the glowing sun began to sink .
tr	I	It was hard to take , but he supposed that was what friends were for , pointing out your mistakes .
tr	O	The Shade had long been heralded as a haven for vampires , but now there were rumors that hunters had overtaken the island .
tr	O	Tables upon tables , lined end to end , and still the banquet spilled over onto the cobbles .
tr	I	Nate heard footfalls as the man sprinted after them and the flashlight beam wobbled .
tr	O	His anger had frightened her briefly , and Anna believed that it had caused the dream .
tr	O	One of her arms was fell over my chest and her hand tickled my hair .
tr	I	She agreed to call him Erik , but Christine wasn 't sure she fully understood .
tr	I	He glared back at his father , and Thor felt the sting of it .
tr	O	The homes lining the hilly street were grand , but the vista took his breath away .
tr	I	The tears were real , but she might have come there to seduce me .
tr	I	A man put his head out , and one of the windows went down .
tr	I	He automatically bent down and she reached up .
tr	I	DVDs were small , so I stockpiled them , but I didn 't have a ton of room in my apartment .
tr	I	This one was far weaker than before , but another scream echoed throughout .
tr	O	I have a home and I have money .
tr	I	He can come in many shapes , many forms , but he is evil never doubt that .
tr	I	I want better for you and my first experience was far from perfect .
tr	I	Taylor had always been something of a cowboy , but he 'd been warned about his behavior Robert .
tr	I	Somehow they were still alive , but they had done everything wrong .
tr	I	He was so cruel , but afterward I went to tell James .
tr	I	It had somehow been exploded into something of monstrous proportions by the arguments it had caused , but the problem itself was not a large one .
tr	O	He noticed that Olivia 's car was gone from the rear of the pawnshop , and he was surprised she wasn 't home packing for her trip .
tr	O	He had a heart attack a few years ago , and his wife stays after him to take it easy .
tr	I	He truly made the story his own and he did a lot more research in addition to what I had done .
tr	I	Red lights blazed around every corner and as soon as the door exploded a siren went off .
tr	I	He looked back at me , totally shocked and I looked up at him .
tr	O	The window stayed shut tonight , and the blinds were closed .
tr	I	Bounty hunters received payment for their efforts - and this was where pirates were turned in .
tr	I	A curse to fall from his lips , and Chad slammed his fist into the dashboard , causing a huge crack .
tr	O	She still had no idea what he meant , but she didn 't care .
tr	O	The temperature was rising , but so was her apprehension that someone would see her .
tr	I	My instincts were screaming again , and Raw power surged through him .
tr	I	I guarantee he 'll be close by , but unless he 's stupid , he won 't go inside since there 's a warrant for his arrest .
tr	O	I struggle to speak but my throbbing heart renders me mute .
tr	I	Abby screamed , and the object landed with a thud about five feet in front of them .
tr	I	He doesn 't even like corn dogs , and Boy can 't even let somebody else have the last corn dog .
tr	O	He regretted the need for it , but he had decided to see the plan through .
tr	I	John spoke first , but he was about to pronounce the summary of his thoughts on the matter .
tr	I	It did not clatter upon the stony ground as it should have , but he cast it aside in disgust .
tr	O	I wanted to scream , wanted to let all the pain out but I couldn 't .
tr	O	I asked for August 11 , and there was an average amount .
tr	O	She had slept beside him all night and he knew without a shadow of a doubt that it had been the first time for her .
tr	O	You may want to forgive me , but you can 't do it yet .
tr	I	The implications of their chemical misalignment in normal people 's reading of their emotions , and he delved into how sociopaths can sometimes fool lie detectors .
tr	I	He needed to even up the score somehow , and someone had destroyed his life .
tr	I	It felt like Superman was squeezing his throat , but Bret wanted to ask something , to scream something .
tr	I	He didn 't want to break away , but suddenly he realised what she was doing .
tr	O	He was firm , and her eyes narrowed .
tr	I	Jace 's body knew it , and shifters wanted more than anything to make more Shifters .
tr	I	I don 't even believe , and I prayed with her .
tr	I	He had kept her fun , and she had kept him steady .
tr	O	I froze in place and my throat went dry .
tr	I	John found it impossible to stay still , and No-one came for a long time .
tr	O	When I awoke , the world was not white , but a depressing beige .
tr	I	They 'll swing over , just as I did with you , and once they come out on the roof , I 'll throw them the lines .
tr	I	Her body had refused to obey her commands , but she 'd tried to lunge at them .
tr	I	They were slogging back out to their positions again , and then they had raced ahead of the pursuing enemy .
tr	I	I snickered and Jessie 's tone was dry .
tr	I	He says it 's not but I think it is rape .
tr	O	He knew he 'd made an impression on the city girl , but he might have blown it all with that one careless remark .
tr	O	She laughed and I stopped talking , wondering what the hell was so humorous to her .
tr	I	Sometimes I think he will , but he doesn 't hit me .
tr	I	It wouldn 't happen out of a sense of obligation , and before the marriage was over , he would have her .
tr	O	He was missing the silver marks from the game , but those were irrelevant .
tr	O	The possibilities are endless and this is only just the beginning .
tr	O	It turned out that his family had been relentlessly searching for him , and one day they reached us .
tr	I	It was still far away , but the boat seemed to move closer .
tr	O	I hated her , but I knew she was only a temporary nuisance .
tr	O	He nods to Turbo and they head for the door .
tr	O	This one took out a leg and the shepherd crawled away like a broken spider .
tr	I	Flickering with heat and his eyes were like blue starbursts , wild .
tr	I	He was telling the truth , and I looked around .
tr	O	I head home , and as I reach the front of the house , I hear my name being called .
tr	O	We 'll be a long way up in the sky , and we 'll be moving very fast .
tr	I	Meanwhile you keep working , and every step of this thing will take weeks , months .
tr	O	She trashes his restaurant , and he sends her flowers .
tr	O	I truly didn 't want to say anything to her , but I also didn 't want her to think we weren 't friends .
tr	O	She 'd taken the chicken 's way out and she was not going to apologize for it .
tr	O	Peoria , aka Francis Smith , was long gone , but I wanted to put those blowing newspapers behind me , too .
tr	O	It shined about as bright as the moon did on Earth , but of course it appeared about ten times larger than the moon did .
tr	O	He was overcome as the blood pounded in his temples and his skin was flush with sweat .
tr	O	I do not want to scare her , but not telling her could be more dangerous than telling her .
tr	I	Now , so was she , and she didn 't seem to care that I was sopping wet .
tr	I	I see a message to the President and her email is open on her computer .
tr	I	She assumed most couples did , and her parents shared a bed .
tr	I	When I saw her in profile I gasped , and then Lynn passed me .
tr	O	Kiran tried to sound confident , but I could see him thinking deeply about this .
tr	O	The flat plane of his abdomen rippled as he moved , and I didn 't even bother to pretend not to look .
tr	O	I can 't imagine how , but we react so violently to one another .
tr	I	Noodle would sniff it out in a microsecond , but Tommy was going to leave his bag under the chair with the books .
tr	O	That happened sometimes when you are barely more than thirty and everyone else in your bed is hundreds of years old .
tr	I	There isn 't much time to spare and we are working hard on the Carnival .
tr	I	All I wanted to do was sleep off all the pains in my body , and my whole body felt stiff .
tr	O	I 'm glad she did it , but since she 's been gone , it 's like the oxygen is missing from the air I breathe .
tr	I	It wasn 't nearly as bad as before , but Guilt still washed through me .
tr	O	I 'd thought his finger had felt good , but his tongue was something else altogether .
tr	O	He had seen the worry in Kadie 's eyes , and it hadn 't been for her sister .
tr	I	It was a voice she knew well , and the voice came from Lily 's earpiece .
tr	I	I step out of the bathroom , and one more tuck behind the ear .
tr	O	I put on a movie , and we burrowed ourselves under a blanket while I began running my fingers through her hair .
tr	I	His eyes are twinkling so brightly that I can tell he 's amused , but Pete raises his brow at me .
tr	O	A beautiful woman emerged from behind the curtains and it was clear to see who she was .
tr	I	He dodged it and the sword came at Webb again .
tr	O	I relaxed my fists , but I still held them out , creating a barrier .
tr	I	She felt as though she would burst into tears at any moment , and her stomach was in knots .
tr	O	Kelly 's feet hit the end of the escalator as he stared , and he nearly fell all over himself .
tr	O	There is just such comfort in knowing it 's yours and no one will take it away .
tr	O	There was an awkward pause as they gazed at each other , and Margaret longed to speak of a different kind of learning entirely .
tr	O	She 'd turned , laughing , and Eric had snapped her picture .
tr	O	The caller was silent again , and Theresa began to grow impatient .
tr	O	When the remedy worked , his Lordship requested more of the medicine , and we obliged .
tr	I	He came for her again , grabbing at her hands to stop her from running back into battle , but she moved away from his grasp .
tr	I	She heard a softer , indistinct mumble that she recognized as Mr. Harris 's voice , and Walter 's voice rumbled as he relayed the question .
tr	I	Your boyfriend have created for us and you can 't imagine the PR nightmare you .
tr	I	When she 'd assumed he meant dead , Lucas hadn 't corrected her , and he 'd told Nadia his father was gone .
tr	O	A.J. bent over to pick up her bag but he got there first .
tr	I	Wasn 't I already , but I might have been dead ?
tr	O	Ariella settled onto the cloth and Simon poured her a sparkling glass of champagne .
tr	I	Hector had it if the expressions on the players ' faces were any indication , but it was a mysterious quality .
tr	O	He did not need temptation , and Lara Cameron was temptation .
tr	I	You 're going to need someplace to sleep , but I 'm fairly sure that she 'll knock that silly temple all to pieces before long .
tr	O	The marriage must last for one year , to any woman he chose , and a prenuptial agreement was acceptable .
tr	O	The critics were mixed of course , but that was to be expected .
tr	O	I nodded , and he smiled .
tr	I	I liked the fantasy that things could work out , but I knew he 'd probably have that reaction .
tr	I	It 's important right now for us all to behave as if we were ordinary , but our family is special .
tr	I	I picked it up , and my phone buzzed on the desk .
tr	O	His pale brown skin was sallow and deep eyes were resting above dark circles .
tr	I	The bizarre thoughts vanished and Hannah 's vision cleared .
tr	I	She couldn 't , but she tried to push the feeling away , knowing it would only cause her pain .
tr	I	We 'll never win a fight on this open beach , and we don 't know if one of them warned others .
tr	I	Then I suddenly start thinking of Henry 's green eyes , but I remember when I thought I would drown in them .
tr	O	He says he only wants you , and I 'm not tangling with him .
tr	I	Things were awkward , but I helped him when I could .
tr	O	He pulls me to him but I can 't do this .
tr	O	Earth covered the floor , and there were no human footprints in it .
tr	I	It was the step they were going to make , but a step in the right direction , he didn 't know .
tr	I	Her heart said no , but she considered the question .
tr	I	I pulled her to where the ground was a little harder and Scratch had regained her feet .
tr	O	Both women approach the door of my makeshift prison cell , and Helen reaches into her pocket , pulling out a small set of keys .
tr	I	My strange powers are gone ... Then the Order is our only refuge , and if weapons cannot save us , he thought .
tr	I	They went home and he asked his father to take him away from the monster .
tr	O	She was testing the waters and Lucien decided to give her the lead in this uncertain situation .
tr	I	Sensing it , he rose up without a word but I opened my mouth to beg , to plead .
tr	O	The image made his chest implode , and he winced at the unexpected pain .
tr	O	The audience cheered for Lea 's victory , and Lea 's previous opponents do the same .
tr	I	She poured a cup for herself , and a muscle in her jaw twitched .
tr	O	Tucker rested a hand on his dog 's side , not to calm him but ready to signal his partner if necessary .
tr	O	Kylie stormed into Della 's room , but the girl wasn 't there .
tr	I	Soon Daniel Simon was there , and the maid called for security .
tr	O	Steve hobbled along behind us as we walked , and I felt him poke me in the back .
tr	I	She slid out of the car and he offered his hand to Emerson .
tr	I	A look of deep sorrow came over her face , and she nodded .
tr	I	No little light came on , but she jerked the door open .
tr	O	I have no idea how long that struggle lasted , but it seemed an age .
tr	O	She seemed afraid and I refused to feel afraid .
tr	I	Valentine was expressionless , but he looked quickly to his father .
tr	O	She had gained some weight and she finally had a figure .
tr	I	She carried herself with confidence , and she was beautiful .
tr	O	I know you , and I know Stefan .
tr	I	I 'm on the receiving end , and you 've been blowing everything out of proportion .
tr	O	The room I shared with Patrice was below the south tower , but Raquel wouldn 't have that same luxury .
tr	I	I was persistent , but it wasn 't easy to get him at midnight .
tr	I	It doesn 't take me long to agree , and Roman will not shut up ranting about how bad his defense lawyer was .
tr	I	I reveled in the power I seemed to hold over him , and he muttered my name , which sounded more like a prayer .
tr	I	Brenda showed him plenty of photographs from the attic , his mother in none of them , but he could not recall any other Christmases .
tr	O	Jolene had holidays to look forward to going home to , and I dreaded the drive .
tr	O	They scribbled notes into their books , and when they were finished they stood .
tr	I	I shut my eyes for a moment , and they both stopped flirting with each other to look over at him .
tr	O	She was afraid of blood , but she 'd cut herself instantly , even recklessly , trying to help .
tr	I	I hadn 't even meant to and I put my friends in grave danger .
tr	I	That helped to lessen the load she carried , and fortunately her students behaved much better this week .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to say something and she placed a finger against my lips .
tr	I	She took another step away but I started to reach up to turn her face back towards me .
tr	I	Frankly , I didn 't want her to , and as we stared at each other , I didn 't expect Savannah to answer .
tr	I	He grinned in embarrassment and his men were cheering .
tr	O	It was a fever dream and I couldn 't get enough .
tr	I	Pandora smirked , and muttered Marlon .
tr	I	The most remarkable woman I 've ever met , and you 're sweet , beautiful , frustratingly independent .
tr	I	He made a mental note to water it the moment he got back and it reminded Love of the one back in their office .
tr	O	When he refocused on Charles again , things got blurry , and in a split second Charles was on the ground , gasping for air .
tr	I	Ava reached for him , and he groaned , his eyeballs moving underneath his swollen lids .
tr	I	The air conditioner was on , but the windows were up so they didn 't have to shout .
tr	I	Even through the tears I could see her concern , but her face swam in front of me .
tr	I	I let that thought pass but it 's a little sexy .
tr	O	Her head whips toward me and her expression shows regret , as if she really thinks she might 've hurt my feelings .
tr	O	I had been immediately separated from my fiancée and my relationship with my sister had dissolved a few years ago because of my career .
tr	O	Dark circles framed his honey toned eyes , and a sheen of sweat covered his face .
tr	I	She appreciated the sentiment , and she thought his philosophy kept things at the paper honest .
tr	O	Granted , we weren 't on good terms , but it was painful to think he 'd actually want to do me harm .
tr	I	She hadn 't answered the door , but when he couldn 't contact her , Jonah had driven hell-bent for Chandler .
tr	O	A cold shiver runs down my back and I wrap my arms across my chest .
tr	O	The teenager pulled out another rotting apple , raised his arm , and the soldier jumped , knocking the boy to the ground .
tr	I	The agonized expression on his face faded away , but he appeared torn as he stared at her .
tr	I	Felix , a soldier of Maurice , fell into the lower inning of hell into the cemetery of eternal condemnation and the earth opened .
tr	O	His head began to pound , and his steps slowed as their internal battle raged .
tr	I	McBride could clearly read the headlines on the front page , and he was reading an inside page .
tr	I	She sounded concerned , and it was Cassidy .
tr	I	It was a glorious day , one of those days that felt like spring , and the winter had been especially mild .
tr	I	Fabric was rough against his cheek , and there was a smell of dusty cloth in his nostrils .
tr	I	There were times when that seemed better than nothing , but maybe he was a cheap substitute for David .
tr	I	She took it from him greedily , and Lina could tell it was fresh .
tr	O	He had squared things with his son about his rather curt reaction during their last phone conversation , and he didn 't want to let things drift .
tr	O	This one must be too young to know the song , or she is just playing with us .
tr	O	I take a look at Onyx and he urges me to go ahead .
tr	I	She moaned with pleasure , and he pushed his finger inside of her .
tr	I	His wife had not been as unaware as he 'd believed , and he 'd played too close to that line too many times .
tr	I	A groan came out and she opened her mouth to speak to her mom .
tr	O	It 's thinner than the rest of the tattoos , and I never noticed it before .
tr	O	He tried to jump up , but the sofa was so cushioned that he fell back .
tr	I	There couldn 't be any in the minds of his family , and there couldn 't be any room for doubt in his mind .
tr	O	When the third rubber began , we were nearly tied for points and conversation ceased while we concentrated on the play of the hand .
tr	I	My vision blurred , and I swallowed hard .
tr	O	He had been a model inmate and without in any way condoning his crimes , some of what he said had resonated with the prison guards .
tr	I	I dug my hands into the backs of his shoulders , and as he sucked , my arms wound their way around his back .
tr	O	Domenico had been talking on the phone when she had come in , but he had smiled at her so beautifully it made her heart race .
tr	O	They were hideously expensive , but then , everything on this island was .
tr	O	She looked up and her face fell .
tr	O	Dark Glen lay only a few leagues away , but she wasn 't ready to go back yet .
tr	O	My legs beneath me buckled and I slid to the floor .
tr	O	The rest of the day passed quickly , and it was soon dusk .
tr	I	When she told him , Kenny offered to give his aunt away , and a small wedding was planned .
tr	I	I believe our present leaders realize this and we can learn a great deal from you .
tr	O	Since you 've been arrested , I have been photographed and I have completed a report regarding the assault I suffered at your hands .
tr	I	She had fallen into bed drunk , and they had gone out drinking afterward .
tr	O	I pulled the ribbon off the top and it fell out .
tr	I	The food was awesome , and our conversation was light .
tr	O	We waited for the walk signal and Trey pulled me toward a bench that curved around the small park at the center of Dupont Circle .
tr	I	She started speaking softly and Gaia 's brow furrowed .
tr	O	There would be granite and there would be sand .
tr	O	Something poked into my side and my body began to tingle .
tr	I	Eric stuck out his hand , and he trailed off into growls .
tr	O	He guided me towards the cliff , sat me down and he told me some things that astounded me .
tr	I	He did a little shudder that must have been a Martian sigh and his eyes looked up at me , then back at the sandwich .
tr	I	Another had a gorgeous mane of blonde hair and one guy 's shirt was a particularly bright shade of red .
tr	I	I had no idea how he was going to react to this revelation , but he 'd accepted the fact that it wasn 't going to happen .
tr	I	Slung it over his shoulder and the boy pulled a knapsack from the saddlebag .
tr	I	It assumes a reasonable sovereign , but that is a reasonable theory .
tr	O	I don 't ask her what 's wrong and she doesn 't tell me .
tr	I	That 's how I felt , but it was silly .
tr	I	It made her wince and she heard the bitterness in her voice .
tr	I	Her breath caught in her throat , and he growled the words .
tr	O	There was a commotion from the music pit and one of the minstrels stood upon a podium .
tr	O	That technicality was very important to me , and to the sleep I hoped to continue to enjoy .
tr	O	Garrett held out his glass , and Devon raised hers to meet his .
tr	I	Black spots swarmed in his vision , and he sat up too quickly .
tr	I	The hour was growing late but the job was finally complete .
tr	O	Riley resorted to calling for the pudding , and the dinner wandered to a disastrous close , far earlier than usual .
tr	I	From the realm of death , there was no return , but a ghost could come back from the Otherworld sometimes .
tr	O	Suddenly there was a tug on my leg and I was dragged from Theo .
tr	O	She needed sustenance , and Cullen needed Barack 's ancient blood to complete the healing process .
tr	I	I 'm damn sure going to plan just in case I have sex with Declan , but I might not plan to have sex with Declan .
tr	O	He threw his head , screamed , and his face collapsed into ash as I stared .
tr	O	I screamed at the Elder within my head for an explanation , but all I got in response was stony silence .
tr	I	I can 't reach the ship , and the comm channel doesn 't respond , however .
tr	I	Her smile was beautiful , and it was the woman .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to pay any cleaning bills , and as it is , they wore the ash from his head when it exploded .
tr	O	Part of her knew he wasn 't doing that , but he 'd hit a trigger .
tr	I	Evie was desperate to find out more , but that was all Aunt Priscilla knew .
tr	O	Her eyelids snapped open and she sat up quickly .
tr	I	I 'm sticking to it and that 's my reasoning .
tr	I	Ken would have to teach them using his own car , and the best way would be to learn how to drive .
tr	I	I returned it , assuming he probably needed one too and he pulled me in for a hug .
tr	O	Ryder bet they did , and the human suits just didn 't care .
tr	I	Slung her shield and with Coral 's help she donned her helmet .
tr	I	Thoughts of it kept coming back like a recurring nightmare , but he didn 't want to think about the spanking anymore .
tr	O	You were up all night and it 's nearly noon now .
tr	O	I wasn 't , but I told her I was .
tr	I	He knew her confusion made her angry and she looked bewildered .
tr	I	Her breath caught when she heard the front door open and her heart jumped .
tr	O	He tried to hide it behind his back but he was too late .
tr	O	He obviously didn 't know the Andretti name or he would definitely be singing a different tune .
tr	O	He watched as Louisa smiled at him and they talked .
tr	I	Cale frowned , and a slow beeping reached him .
tr	O	My heart may not be whole , but it still beats .
tr	I	She winced , pulling away , and one of the neon lights overhead swept over us .
tr	I	Veronica gasped , which broke through the cloud of arousal , and there was moaning .
tr	O	He 'd seemed so adamant that night I 'd dumped out his liquor , and I 'd put all my faith in him .
tr	O	Chase held her by the shoulders , and he gave her a slight shake .
tr	O	It was a butterfly kiss , a quick brush of lips on skin , but as she pulled away , she knew she was blushing .
tr	I	His promise felt more important than a mere kiss would have been ... but he hadn 't given her a kiss .
tr	O	She wasn 't in danger and the gang members were mostly trying to move away from her .
tr	I	Whatever it was , it wasn 't going to be good , and Straker had an announcement .
tr	I	The chains prevented him , but even with the hooks in him he could have called prey .
tr	O	Andrew gave his order and I decided to just have what he was having .
tr	I	I crossed my ankles , my core tightening in greedy demand , and my thighs clenched .
tr	I	The other guy , Henry Wells , glanced away from them , and Brent 's eyelashes flickered .
tr	I	I mean the words more than I ever thought possible , and my head is bleeding from my fall in the boat .
tr	I	What he 'd said had meshed with what Stefano 's men had seen , and she 'd demanded every detail from Aeron .
tr	O	Danica reached for her , and Michelle pushed her away .
tr	I	They could always tell how good of a hand he had and Marcus was the worst player because he had no poker face .
tr	O	Her heart began to race and her fingers tingled .
tr	I	I was plumb tired and my jaw just dropped .
tr	I	Ward dropped the pouch into it , and Pitt reached out with an upturned palm .
tr	I	I just breathe , and I focus on the fact that this is all a horrible nightmare .
tr	I	Much to my surprise , he held it open for me , and he dashed forward to reach the front door before I did .
tr	O	My relationship with this ' insanity ' continued to grow and I could often see it approaching like a dark cloud .
tr	I	It wasn 't enough , and I 'd done so much for her .
tr	O	Maybe I 'd simply gnaw my arm off , and if said arm was completely numb ... maybe I wouldn 't feel it .
tr	I	She also didn 't feel her personal details really mattered , but she hated to lie .
tr	I	Her cheeks reddened and her face flushed .
tr	O	I 'll just give my boss a call and she 'll be here in two shakes of a lion 's tail .
tr	O	Our gazes met and Apollo sighed .
tr	I	He recalled none of it now , but he had remembered the Word .
tr	I	There 's no way one little accident will keep him down and he 's got some thick skin .
tr	I	She felt the same thing now , with this man and there 'd been a powerful physical attraction between them .
tr	O	Collin grew restless at his new friend 's discomfort but he made no motion on her behalf .
tr	I	Alex heard the clack of dentures , and he worked his jaws .
tr	I	I 'd like to get to know you better , and we spend a lot of time together in this lab .
tr	O	I start to answer , but Trevor is faster .
tr	I	The waves of the lake splash against the bank , and the cab air instantly frosts , crickets chirp just outside .
tr	I	She barely recognized it , and her voice was husky .
tr	I	Now it would come in nicely useful , and I had brought it all down into the Cold Room in case she wanted to freshen up .
tr	I	She curled into a ball to warm herself against the freezing floorboards , and Christine couldn 't stop the tears as they coursed down her cheeks .
tr	I	She did not refute his words , but her expression darkened .
tr	O	Her expression was grim when she returned , but Matt gave her hand a reassuring squeeze .
tr	O	Vivian 's voice was cold and her face was a frozen mask of disdain .
tr	O	Hot tears ran down her cheeks and she scrubbed them away angrily with the back of her hands .
tr	I	A grin was slowly forming at the corners of her mouth , and her eyes were closed .
tr	I	She groaned and he winked at her .
tr	O	A frown creased his brow , and he gave his head a little shake .
tr	I	We had to slam the door shut in order to keep him in the room alone , and Spock tried to follow .
tr	O	Everything was routine and they were used to routine .
tr	O	When Davies explained it , they all agreed it was a clever idea , and a perfect message for extraterrestrials to send .
tr	I	They were firmly planted in her son 's backside , and I had some very sharp claws for a Kitten .
tr	O	Through the rain the area looks almost tranquil , serene even , but he knows better than to believe the lie his eyes see .
tr	I	It was draining her dry , and the leach had killed Amanda .
tr	I	He would try if she said no but he wasn 't sure if he could at this point .
tr	I	His eyes blazed and Browning 's head snapped up .
tr	O	I saw the envelope highlighted and my heart lurched to my throat only to plummet back down when I saw it wasn 't from Jacob .
tr	O	I made sure it had no reflecting surfaces , and we moved in .
tr	O	Straightening couch cushions and throwing out mail .
tr	I	I quickly nipped that in the bud , telling myself it didn 't mean anything , but my heart sang .
tr	O	The girls were just starting to worry when she walked in , and waves of relief washed over them .
tr	O	It 's what you want , and I 'm happy for you .
tr	O	Rob thought he 'd find the tour annoying , since he 'd really come to see Morgan , but to his surprise he found it fascinating .
tr	O	That would mean my life was the miracle , but it 's not .
tr	O	Aiden 's eyes closed and he sighed .
tr	O	He preferred them to be in his own hand , but he 'd need to have a scribe rewrite this one .
tr	I	She turned back to Kevin , and she had to stop it .
tr	I	Gwen is such a dear , and he wanted a grandchild desperately .
tr	I	I didn 't think they 'd ever actually go through with it , but I shouldn 't be surprised .
tr	I	Sensation took over and her eyelids closed .
tr	I	Her body is fighting her every step of the way , but she should 've been out of her weeks ago .
tr	O	The prefect stopped still and his lips parted .
tr	O	A hand clamped around her arm and she damn near jumped out of her skin .
tr	O	My hands slipped around her waist , and I picked her up .
tr	O	You may not know it yet but you 'll never be happy anywhere else .
tr	O	I didn 't speak Spanish , but the emotion outlining the words didn 't require a translation .
tr	O	Max is leaning against the first-aid station , and his shoulders relax when he sees me .
tr	I	Her long straight hair slips across her shoulders like a pale satin curtain , and she straightens herself as she comes out from behind the door .
tr	O	Perhaps she should wait until someone came to fetch her -- or they might not at all .
tr	O	No one took that step from before into after , and we all lingered together in that eternal moment .
tr	O	Which meant he 'd dispatched the car before he called ... or else the crime scene was that close to her house .
tr	I	He shooed me away , but I tried to follow .
tr	O	Before I could do anything , he opened his eyes and I felt his stare .
tr	O	His skills were pretty minor , but she believed it was good to have a backup .
tr	O	I 'm about to smash my lips against his , unable to control myself , but he stops me , reaching for me .
tr	O	He stays silent and I wonder if he 's still inside me .
tr	O	We thought we 'd lost you but Douglas just wouldn 't give up .
tr	O	I didn 't usually get many calls , and that was exactly how I preferred it .
tr	I	I kind of liked it , and being wanted for my body was something new .
tr	I	I gun the engine and the car turns over .
tr	O	He was quiet for so long that she figured her words had finally gotten through to him and he was deciding to break things off with her .
tr	O	He spoke as if I should know and I tried to show my agreement without being rude .
tr	I	Doing a kind of comical dance , she flapped her arms in a failing attempt to steady herself , and Gravity gained the upper hand .
tr	I	It didn 't matter , but I couldn 't feel any heat coming off the fire .
tr	O	Some warrant further follow-up , but the gem was a Captain Hamlin , who most recently worked on Sampson 's staff .
tr	I	I couldn 't ... but he said I could live there .
tr	I	He stayed several days with them , his harmlessness being apparent and they put him to work chopping firewood for the cook stove .
tr	I	The nurse held her down , but she tried to sit up .
tr	I	I figured that was just jealousy talking , but Demetri had warned me that his brother was different , that I needed to keep my distance .
tr	I	The swords of the finest Knights Ferrous in the Realm would shatter upon them , and a steel ram could batter them for days with no effect .
tr	I	This evening her limp was far more pronounced , but Gertrude had always favored her left leg .
tr	I	She could hardly focus on the discomfort as his lips took hers , but the craggy bark dug in between her shoulder blades .
tr	O	He pulls my shirt up over my back and I feel something cold compress against my skin .
tr	O	I ruffled her fur , and that seemed to be enough for her because she relaxed .
tr	O	Kellan flicked a glance over to me , and I felt my heart skip a beat .
tr	O	There were other girls I could call , but Dara had changed things .
tr	I	He 'd spent five hours detailing them during the video deposition , and he had touched on them briefly during Milton 's direct examination .
tr	I	He let my hands explore his body , traveling up his flat , hard stomach to the slight dent between his pecs and I sat up .
tr	O	There were just over eight thousand spaces in this room and there were two other dormitories like it on the ship .
tr	I	It did nothing to calm the tempest I could feel rising to the surface , but he growled .
tr	I	They don 't know much but now our classmates help him .
tr	O	Quinn walks away to take Titan back to the stables and I miss him immediately .
tr	O	* * * * * Rob watched Claire rein in and drop back along the line of riders until she was next to him .
tr	O	Somehow she was outside the weapons shop , on a street full of people , and Jace was beside her .
tr	I	I repeated my question , which only seemed to irritate him , and he looked at me as if he were looking through me .
tr	O	Everything is packed , and we are ready to go .
tr	I	The strong briny smell of the ocean rose up to fill their lungs , and the waves in the distance below them crashed loudly upon the shore .
tr	I	We sit there for so long I think he has fallen asleep and doesn 't touch me , doesn 't speak again .
tr	O	I 'd been running things for months now , and I 'd pretty much gotten the swing of things .
tr	O	It was fully dark , and I drifted into the shadows of the street , padding silently along to pass through the arboretum .
tr	O	I knew it was wrong , but I couldn 't help it .
tr	O	Luke 's voice interrupted my reverie and I felt him poking my arm .
tr	O	I hate that I have to know , but I can hardly help myself .
tr	O	It made him think about the gates on Earth , too , and he wondered where they were located .
tr	O	My stomach lurched and the world tilted .
tr	O	My brother called to me , but I ignored him .
tr	O	The knife was now sitting on the floor , next to him , and he was trying to mess with the wound .
tr	I	I only spared it a brief thought before my mind returned to other , more pressing matters , but it was beautiful .
tr	I	Mostly I 'm embarrassed over the way I melted down , but maybe I should thank him .
tr	I	Sunday night , although less frenzied , had been equally as satisfying , and Saturday night had been even better than Friday .
tr	I	She could see the call was still active , but the phone was no longer at her ear .
tr	I	I kept my voice calm , but my arms shook with anger .
tr	O	Callum tucked his chin down , and he kept taking in deep gulps of air , trying to hold his breath as much as possible .
tr	I	It will teach Sean for going anywhere near her , and it will teach her for not listening to me .
tr	O	I like him , yea , but if I met someone I liked more I wouldn 't pass it up .
tr	O	Then she laughed , and mother very seldom laughs .
tr	I	She steps inside , turning towards him and she finally manages to unlock the door .
tr	O	The ear struck him between the eyes and he fell back , grunting with surprise .
tr	O	She gestured to Liam , and he replaced the sack .
tr	O	We looked all around the tomb , but nothing more was said of him .
tr	I	Kelsey 's brow furrowed as she looked around , and Gage pulled into a space in front of the town 's only restaurant .
tr	I	I 'm pretty sure he won 't be back , and Price is the dangerous one , at least to me .
tr	I	Managing a sick adult , but that was hard enough !
tr	I	We pass by the cove that marks the end of the good surface in only seconds , and her strides eat the sand .
tr	O	The siren sounded a while ago , and the vapor clouds must be near .
tr	I	He is not a well man , and Sir Albert is the steward here .
tr	O	Her voice cut through the room and you could hear a pin drop .
tr	I	The church is too ideal to be overlooked , but the castle would be too obvious a hiding place .
tr	I	We will rule the galaxy , and Chapter 23 Our enemies will be swept out of our path .
tr	O	He talked to the other kids and he didn 't like the fact that they were more worried about me than him .
tr	I	I hold my breath , waiting to see which side will win and her eyes bore into mine .
tr	I	Fearing she was slipping into despair , dashed to her at once , and William 's head flitted upward .
tr	I	Had to constantly prove it and she was , however , much more .
tr	O	The ram charged him again , and Tarik dodged to one side .
tr	O	She 'd built up muscle mass the last few months with all that lifting , but that had done nothing for her shakes .
tr	I	We dug in and chopsticks were passed .
tr	I	It cost Eliana her life and she broke them once .
tr	O	She waited until the sound of fighting grew distant , and when she saw that the Guardians had foolishly left the lift unguarded , she descended .
tr	O	I had little patience this morning , and I had to make an effort to keep the bite out of my voice .
tr	O	My hands are out from under my head before I realize it , and I barely reign myself in before I touch her .
tr	I	We 'll scan him , and they 'll want a pressure reading now .
tr	I	I shoved it on Preston 's skinny old head , and I pulled my riding hat off , the one with the gold circle on the top .
tr	O	My slacks got a little uncomfortable as I thought about that , and I squeezed her hand back much harder than she 'd squeezed mine .
tr	I	I did hear Akira 's clear , quiet response , but I hadn 't heard my father 's words .
tr	O	I intend to close a deal as soon as possible and I have three other potential buyers to see today .
tr	O	Isaac looks back at me , takes me by the hand and we quietly move back toward the hall leading into the kitchen .
tr	I	If he had any chance of getting out of this place , there was only one person who knew how , and he was lost .
tr	I	Jewell drew back so she could look at Blake , and then her eyes snapped open .
tr	I	Lisa wanted and he took you with him to retrieve the things you .
tr	I	His eyes were glued to the money but his voice was contemptuous .
tr	O	I was scanning the cafeteria for Rigel , but of course he didn 't show .
tr	I	I sighed when my center came into contact with his muscled body , and my legs wound around his waist .
tr	I	At the same time she dreaded the night , but she could hardly wait for the sun set .
tr	O	He was bleeding from his mouth , and the exposed areas on his arms had deep cuts that gushed out dark red blood .
tr	O	Tawny stormed off to answer the door and I stood staring blankly into the fire .
tr	O	Esme regurgitated what Charles had quoted in my absence and I nearly choked .
tr	I	Until the day he died she never regretted it , and she left with him after they were wed .
tr	O	I sat down , and he took the chair beside mine , my hand clasped in his .
tr	I	He dropped the torch and his foot hit the bottom step .
tr	I	I was having a tough time concentrating , but normally , I would have breezed through the rest of the book hours ago .
tr	I	Both lines joined part of the way to become one and Jeff had labeled it ' Amy ' .
tr	I	My entire body tingled in response , and he looked deeply into my eyes .
tr	O	He didn 't know where he was and he didn 't know where to go .
tr	I	He never ever got hung up on just one but he loved everything about them .
tr	O	He glanced between them , but she ignored him .
tr	O	He wiggled his eyebrows and the flames shot from both of his ears .
tr	O	Jimmy was great with the animals , but his carpentry skills sucked , to say the very least .
tr	O	I was heading out for the gym on our usual day and Jake always met me there .
tr	O	Aiden 's head tipped down and he cursed .
tr	O	So I did a little lying too , but it was my job .
tr	I	I 'm worried about you , and you aren 't acting well .
tr	O	He was sitting against a wall , and his arms were bound behind him .
tr	I	It shone with moisture , but he had just wiped his face .
tr	I	He began to skim through it , and the file popped open .
tr	I	She didn 't even know where to go with that , and that was a wonderful gesture .
tr	I	Told the wolf to wait at the elaborate entrance and * * * * * Grayson reached the church .
tr	I	I knew she was overwhelmed , and she hesitated .
tr	O	He flinched in surprise and his trance was broken .
tr	O	The innkeeper shot her a worried glance , but it was too late to do anything .
tr	I	It felt so far away , but the snowmobile was so close .
tr	I	Already she had managed to offend the intern and they hadn 't boarded the plane .
tr	I	He was suffering so much and it was only noon .
tr	I	People assumed it meant a fire , and I guess alarms were going off .
tr	I	Then I 'm done , okay , and I can give you the address ?
tr	I	He didn 't really have a choice , but it was strange handling his grandfather 's head like some bearded football .
tr	I	He didn 't know what else to do , but he felt that he should do more than just bury him .
tr	O	The excuse was sloppy , but I hoped she hadn 't heard everything in my conversation .
tr	I	He did that morning , but Randy had never thought to see water burn .
tr	O	The walls were cracked , and the floor was scratched down to the raw wood .
tr	I	Her face showed no strain , but I looked over at her .
tr	I	Another cough came out instead , but Spencer tried to speak .
tr	I	Addison shrank into a corner and I mouthed , Yes , .
tr	O	Her eyes pleaded for him to understand , but Chewy had another question to ask her .
tr	O	Linda turned her head but Archer was right there , boxing her in .
tr	I	Glamour rushed through me , exploding out in a wave , and I arched my back , clenching my fists .
tr	O	He might never be here again , and he wanted to remember it .
tr	O	She 's crying into them and it completely shatters my heart .
tr	I	I was reminded of how late it was when I turned toward the Greek houses , but the lighting by the dorms was great .
tr	I	At the moment I felt like I could dig out his liver with my fingernails ; and I could go beat up Bledsoe .
tr	O	She stretched , and seeing all those flushed curves on such display made Toren 's c * ck twitch with interest .
tr	I	She knew who had them , and she wanted answers .
tr	I	Somehow she opened to him in a way no other woman ever had , but he wasn 't sure how she did it .
tr	I	He cuts me off , but I open my mouth to protest .
tr	I	She nearly groaned her impatience and he carefully parted her thighs .
tr	O	He brushed his fingertips against my cheek , and my insides fluttered .
tr	I	It can 't come back through the one-way line , but it allows water to flow through it from one end .
tr	I	You won 't acknowledge them or tell them to follow your rules .
tr	I	I blush automatically and warmth courses through me as Flynn 's hand brushes my bare skin .
tr	O	The desk sergeant seemed a little put out by this response and his tone became decidedly trite .
tr	I	They are all dressed identically in pale green scrubs and everyone looks rather emotionless .
tr	O	No , she wasn 't , and no , he wouldn 't .
tr	O	He had thought that being in the pool would relax him , but it seemed to have the opposite effect .
tr	O	He was clutching his left arm tight against his body and his face was white with pain .
tr	I	The folks did not seem to care and nothing ever came for the folks .
tr	I	It was always worth asking , but Bettina already knew the answer .
tr	I	My hand starts shaking , but it 's a simple request .
tr	I	It 's for the queen and he knows this is priority .
tr	O	Things had looked tense and his back had been to me most of the time .
tr	O	He suddenly felt extremely guilty about what was happening , and he quickly looked away .
tr	I	Adrenaline surged through her , and he ran toward her .
tr	O	Amy nods to me and I take off after him .
tr	I	You know it and that is the way it should be !
tr	I	Together they helped each other up and he reached a hand to Hugh .
tr	O	They all looked like the Aiden I had fallen in love with , but I couldn 't believe them .
tr	I	She tasted his growl of approval as he slid inside and Paul 's tongue teased her mouth open .
tr	O	He could only see , and vision gave him an observer status where seemingly there was nothing to observe .
tr	O	My hair blew around me , and my brown eyes blazed green .
tr	O	It can point to its true North ; but it need not .
tr	O	Every day brought new worries and there was never enough money .
tr	I	Logan opens the door so I can follow him out , and she nods .
tr	I	The lights in the trees illuminated her skin , and her short brown hair framed her stunning face .
tr	I	They were equally new to him , and he was feeling the same things .
tr	O	Ewan 's arm instantly wrapped around her , and she lay her head on his shoulder .
tr	I	We can retire , and maybe when it 's all done , you could write a bestseller !
tr	I	It was going to hurt like hell and he knew what punishment was to come .
tr	I	Now , she needed to get him out of here , but she 'd talk to Paul later about the fact that she was her own woman .
tr	O	Ella left , and Joseph went to join the two men in the bathroom .
tr	O	Many minutes passed and he spent most of them staring through the porcelain just beyond his penis .
tr	I	It wasn 't with the woman he wanted to help and she knew where his loyalties lay .
tr	O	The papers were still talking about her spontaneous visit to the U.S. and photographers still haunted her every step .
tr	I	The yellow eyes remained motionless and seconds passed .
tr	I	I feel reasonably safe , but with two levels , it 's easy to lose track .
tr	O	His cum coated her tongue , and she swallowed down as much as she could .
tr	O	Five picks up the video-game controller , but he doesn 't start playing again .
tr	I	He was still pelted with rubble , but Luke darted out of the way .
tr	O	He looks over and I blush .
tr	I	She wanted to give it to Sarah and the prayer shawl was finished .
tr	I	You need to avoid him , but I don 't know where they went .
tr	O	She had a Mark and his Mark alerted him .
tr	O	That was determined by the players and he had no control over how quickly they discovered his plan .
tr	I	These woods are not always safe , and you need sleep .
tr	O	Kevin stands off to the side of the door while I stop to talk to her , and Lacey shrugs apologetically .
tr	O	Amber posed the question , and the women all turned to stare at her .
tr	I	The fat body of the insect glowed with weak golden radiance and its shell lay discarded .
tr	I	I 'd hoped for more time , but I knew what had to be done .
tr	I	The passenger , a non-descript male , gives her the finger and a horn resounds from behind her as a car passes her .
tr	O	I look up to his face and he 's watching me carefully .
tr	O	We rolled through the lower bailey , and there I slid off the wagon .
tr	I	I was terrified of it , and I didn 't know what she would say next .
tr	O	Sharp pain sliced between my temples , and I snarled .
tr	O	A moment later the curtains were flung aside and her face appeared behind the glass .
tr	I	The sight startled me , and we both looked up .
tr	O	He helped her into position , straddling his waist , and when he tugged her down on top of him , she discovered exactly what she wanted .
tr	O	You might get nice , and that 's being generous .
tr	O	Seeing Dmitri 's face when she 'd told him she couldn 't conceive was bad but having him divorce her would destroy her .
tr	O	I don 't know how , but a majority of us captives had survived , a true wonder .
tr	O	Some of the documents had arrived only the night before , and while I spent hours translating my half , Sara disappeared .
tr	I	After returning my nod , they ignored me , and I knew them only by sight .
tr	O	I confronted him after the night at the club and he admitted as much .
tr	I	It was already causing my butt to hurt , but I hadn 't even been sitting very long .
tr	I	That took several minutes and the representatives were introduced .
tr	O	I held out my fist and he pounded his to mine .
tr	I	That will stay in my mind forever as perfect , but they may never make a scrapbook .
tr	I	He placed his hands on her , expertly gliding her around the dance floor and the music started .
tr	I	He stumbled backward until he collided with the kitchen counter , and apparently she 'd caught Riley by surprise .
tr	O	Okay , this is your side and this is mine over here .
tr	I	He concealed his discomfort , but the King 's gout troubled him today .
tr	I	He did nothing to stop it , and he saw what was just happening ?
tr	I	Blood is turning the water red and he 's biting me in half .
tr	O	She returned to Graeme and he once more sat on the bed , pulling her into his lap .
tr	I	We have to see it through and no , we 're here .
tr	I	His began and it was always clear when her dreams ended .
tr	O	I parted my lips , breath coming quickly , but he barely brushed them with his tongue on his way to my ear .
tr	O	She 'd almost considered not coming , but she kept hearing her grandfather 's raspy voice , telling her to stop being so foolish .
tr	I	Two mental patients had abducted her or this had to be a dream .
tr	I	She didn 't really want to be in total darkness just yet , and there was only a half inch left of the candle on her dresser .
tr	I	Rhiannon faced him and they stopped in the middle of the courtyard .
tr	I	He is suddenly aware of your existence , and you so much as speak his name .
tr	I	May needed that , and Thuy was still Thuy after all .
tr	I	She 'd be strong again , and she was stronger than this .
tr	I	She needed to face the fact that she didn 't stand a chance against The Beast , but it wasn 't news that she hated his daughter .
tr	O	Next was Daniel 's turn , and I had a feeling he was going to make it as painful as possible .
tr	O	He will challenge you and you will challenge him .
tr	O	I rolled my eyes and he chuckled .
tr	I	A hint of something else , and rage vibrated in his tone .
tr	I	His hair was soaking wet , and little droplets of water spiked on his long lashes .
tr	O	I supposed it was true , but I 'd never expected her to be offended .
tr	I	We don 't have time to explain it , and that 's not what I was here for .
tr	O	Damien could feel the claws scratching him through his fur but he did not care .
tr	O	She was dying to get off the compound , and she wanted to see the new baby .
tr	O	I can 't say I approve of their tactics , but it was too late for me to do anything .
tr	O	Darien kisses me again , this time seriously , and I don 't care .
tr	O	Furniture loomed larger , and scents grew sharper .
tr	I	He shook his head , growling some indiscernible word and a minute passed .
tr	I	The three of them pulled up to Caroline Bretton 's home together , and Faith had already picked up Kelly .
tr	I	Here I didn 't really know anyone , but I had friends at my last school .
tr	O	The edge of the abyss was very close and the ground was swiftly crumbling beneath his feet .
tr	I	It felt as if my brain was sloshing around inside my skull and I shook my head vigorously .
tr	O	We sat down and all started eating .
tr	I	That did not make it any less meaningful , but it wasn 't exactly the pristine Christmas décor .
tr	O	It is not cruel and it is not judging .
tr	O	Constance was olive skinned and her eyes were green .
tr	O	My vision rippled and my hands shook .
tr	I	She felt it , and he was strong .
tr	I	I tried to swallow and my throat burned again .
tr	I	We trailed over to Mother 's office to sign some paperwork , and I had two hours before I was due back at the library .
tr	I	When I went to make the appointment , I couldn 't do it , but it was so tempting , an easy way out .
tr	O	We have our lifeboats , but we don 't want to abandon the Moon until we have to .
tr	I	That 's who I needed to be , and Hunt was the version of me that had gotten his life together .
tr	I	She was certain that she 'd find something , but clues to what , she wasn 't certain .
tr	O	He looks at me and for a moment he seems almost human .
tr	O	Hamilton 's mother shakes her head , but his father says it 's no big deal .
tr	I	A distraction would be good for both of them and Noelle had been irritable all morning .
tr	O	He tried to look surprised , but it was far too late .
tr	I	The refugee camps marked by red circles and Nathan pointed to the bridges along the eastern border .
tr	O	Logan 's gaze told him that he understood , but Logan shook his head .
tr	O	Now her professor was telling her the opposite , and Liz wasn 't even sure where to begin .
tr	I	Either way , he never should have touched her , but she couldn 't admit that to him .
tr	O	The slam stung , but she only shrugged .
tr	O	Warm eyes met hers and he extended his hand .
tr	I	It 's darker , blends in better with the black Dauntless clothes , but the gray T-shirt I am wearing beneath it is still oversized .
tr	O	I look up at Sean , and he smiles down at me .
tr	O	Her brain turned and she put the pieces together .
tr	O	Panic flared in her eyes as the hatch opened and the steps were pushed to the doorway .
tr	O	Love affairs she had , but they were always short .
tr	I	He wanted her that way and Misty had also become stronger .
tr	O	He was white as a sheet and barely speaking , probably feeling as though he could have easily been the corpse on the desk .
tr	I	Then she 's standing beside me , leaning against the porch railing looking out at the darkening woods , and I feel a movement .
tr	I	No one noticed his impatience , but he yawned several times as a broad hint that they should wind things up .
tr	O	Voss felt his eyes warm with a deeper glow and he didn 't bother to retract his incisors .
tr	O	The forest was like it was yesterday , but the ground was damp from the rain during the night .
tr	I	She also knew it wasn 't true , but oh , she knew he 'd been accused of the rape .
tr	I	He usually doesn 't go into his office until after nine , but Damien is hardly a slacker .
tr	I	She 'd take it , but not exactly the circumstances she 'd imagined for her first invitation into his place .
tr	I	Indeed the town was in danger of tearing itself apart , and a small garrison of Cavalier troops had been left to keep Dorchester in order .
tr	I	They only absently nodded at his words and neither could take their eyes from the screen .
tr	O	I tried to look as optimistic , but I failed .
tr	O	His body sagged and he fell .
tr	I	I felt so close to her and we had connected on a deeper level than ever before .
tr	I	Three weeks into the season I 've managed to avoid manning the funhouse , but Roxy likes to rotate the ride operators to keep everybody fresh .
tr	O	It was tied with twine , the clasp broken , and it was thin enough to hold only a few drawings .
tr	O	Cassie was small , but the crowd parted to let her move forward , as if they were the river she controlled .
tr	O	I looked around the site but nothing was moving .
tr	O	10 Selene laughed , and the sound was metallic in Denison 's earpiece .
tr	I	Looking to my left , I found him and I dropped back a little .
tr	O	Something 's up and it doesn 't feel good .
tr	I	Her skin seemed to shine , and her cheeks were still flushed .
tr	O	His strong hands cupped my ass and he used the wall as leverage to drive into me .
tr	O	He was a good guy , and he understood .
tr	O	You shared your food with us and you haven 't got much , either .
tr	O	I wasn 't exactly sure what I was doing , but it didn 't seem to matter .
tr	I	She went willingly , seemingly unconsciously , and he drew her instinctively into his arms .
tr	O	Then he found the shelves that held the ammo , and he stocked up on box after box of bullets .
tr	O	Anderson was nodding slowly , and even Dex seemed troubled .
tr	I	We walked down a flight of narrow stairs , and the door opened .
tr	I	When I didn 't shrink away he pulled me against him again and he put a solid arm around my back .
tr	O	I was helping grams and Aunt Cat set out our supper .
tr	I	There was nothing wrong with taking pleasure in each other 's company and Fun was the order of the night .
tr	O	I 've tried to avoid war , but maybe it 's time to fight .
tr	O	The sun was almost down , and the ravine was dark .
tr	O	A gust of wind nearly toppled the old man , and Will steadied him .
tr	O	It was all true , but it also left out major aspects that they could not afford to have out if Hughes decided against their offer .
tr	I	Jacob did , but Pauline never moved .
tr	O	I know they think they were giving people news , but I think they were giving people bad ideas .
tr	I	It can 't be at the expense of Ervin , but I know she is just trying to help .
tr	O	He was the owner , and own it he would .
tr	I	Disturbingly no one could understand why , as his gaze became more haunting , but he paused again .
tr	I	He was tired of crying if he was honest , and it was a shadow now , unless he found a recent picture of her .
tr	O	If she went back , Presley would come up with some excuse to take off , and Cheyenne would once again be left alone with Anita .
tr	I	The waves were gently lapping the shore a couple of feet in front of her and the sun was shining down on her .
tr	O	Plant 37 had signed a contract with World Auto and it had a cost recovery clause .
tr	O	This was a small piece of war , and I hated it .
tr	O	She thought her eyes would adjust , but there was simply no light at all to be absorbed .
tr	O	He didn 't know what was going on , and at that moment , he didn 't care .
tr	I	I shoot them both before they remember that I 'm still a threat too , and two soldiers are backed up almost to me .
tr	I	Their friends were always in their bikinis during the summers , and it was just kind of normal since Alaina , Tara .
tr	I	Then he was out , again , and he convulsed as I drew all his powers into me .
tr	O	The man looked down at the floor and he kept as still as he could .
tr	O	He turned into the study and I followed him there too .
tr	O	A man in blue clothing came out through the treatment space doors , and they all stilled .
tr	I	This was the closest thing to it but I might not be in Hell .
tr	I	Her hope had been to stall for time , and chas would be after her as soon as he learned what had happened .
tr	O	The man was a mystery , and I liked my life neat .
tr	O	He observed , and I realized that I had drifted off into my own thoughts .
tr	O	Something wasn 't right , but he couldn 't quite place what it was .
tr	O	A fallen spatula , and she must have been the one who dropped it .
tr	O	I am who I am and I don 't apologize .
tr	O	She had that usual miserable look on her face and Daisy wondered what on earth she was doing here .
tr	I	Everyone called her Mrs. Ida , but Ida Renfroe was her name .
tr	I	He 's loose somewhere and Perry Allison 's mom just called .
tr	O	Jeremy began to laugh , and finally Heather asked what he found so funny .
tr	I	Their eyes met and he looked up .
tr	O	Several powerful blows were absorbed by the sax , and Ambrose 's left wrist ached from the impacts .
tr	O	Death had found me and it had found me wanting .
tr	I	Liza 's bare feet sank into the soft petals as she walked , and the clearing was carpeted with tiny flowers of all different colors .
tr	O	She eased Finn against the wall , and he curled into himself , holding his side .
tr	O	It had been a little over the two hours , and I looked around full of hope .
tr	I	I forced down my fear and my throat tightened .
tr	O	No one could come in , and no one could get out .
tr	O	He wriggled his eyebrows at her and she groaned .
tr	I	She didn 't blink , but it was top dollar .
tr	O	His face turned red , and then , all of the sudden , he seemed perfectly calm .
tr	O	She could barely fit it across and it made me laugh .
tr	I	She was horny as heck and she was standing in the middle of her office .
tr	I	I 'm not sure what , but I leave mine behind , along with something else .
tr	I	You stole from him , and Morris absolutely trusted you .
tr	I	Her eyes never left the windows , and her face was tired .
tr	I	None of the shop owners pay rent but I 've heard it rumored that he owns most of the town .
tr	I	They walked to the dark rear of the truck stop and he left two bucks on the table .
tr	O	She couldn 't see more than a few inches in front of her , but she felt William 's presence .
tr	I	We spun around , the tires screaming on the slick pavement and I whipped the wheel hard to the right .
tr	I	Still it wasn 't enough and he 'd made love to her twice more .
tr	I	I hated leaving her , and I couldn 't resist her smile .
tr	I	We jump around like kids during recess and I leap into his arms .
tr	O	Not just in FBI manpower , but in making sure the media didn 't become aware of the situation .
tr	O	Hank was dead , and the archangels were expecting me to stop the Nephilim from going to war .
tr	I	She tried to turn in his firm grip and the huge man lifted her up .
tr	I	He chuckled and I nodded .
tr	O	We need help to push them back , or we risk being overrun within the month .
tr	I	It appears that way , at least in this case , or you are an anomaly , Ludwig .
tr	I	She was very much looked forward to having Sunday off , but she would have to work on Saturday .
tr	O	He could take out five of them for certain , but his energy would be sapped quickly after that .
tr	O	By now it was dark and the moon was setting early .
tr	O	The vibe of the place seemed very laid back , and who would have thought they had beer in Heaven ?
tr	O	The man took over from his father over five years ago , and since then he 's been leaving us little breadcrumbs to follow .
tr	O	When you 're ready you let me know , and I 'll have the jet waiting in Nashville .
tr	O	It had been a cold afternoon and the evening promised to be much colder .
tr	O	Her uncle was vicious but to run her down ?
tr	I	Matt automatically followed her , and Meredith had started back up the narrow stairway to what everyone still thought of as Stefan 's room .
tr	O	After explanations were given to King Nathaniel , he seemed somewhat reassured , and thanked Reece for her willingness to help put this plan into action .
tr	O	With their task thus done , she got up to leave , but before she could , Amar put forth another proposition for her .
tr	O	The sun had set and darkness descended upon them as they crossed back into the horse pasture .
tr	O	Pia was startled by the direct question , and for a moment , she wasn 't sure she 'd heard correctly .
tr	O	Jacob crowed with undisguised exultation when I called to give him the news , and he seemed eager enough to embrace Edward 's safety measures .
tr	I	Once they did , they were usually impossible to put to rest , and rumors had a tendency to spread like wildfire .
tr	O	She was topless , but covering her breasts with her hands .
tr	I	Something was odd , but he stared into the man 's face .
tr	O	I braced myself for further disapproval , but she wasn 't even looking my way .
tr	O	So long as I 'm a senator I won 't play a direct role , but I could contribute ideas .
tr	I	I stare at her in confusion , and shock slams into me like a Mack truck .
tr	I	I lament the fact that I still have to swing by the store and the fullness in my stomach makes me tired .
tr	I	I emailed Palmer , asking him for some vacation time , and the rest of the band had been overjoyed , though .
tr	O	I would like to come to the other hall , but I am a little weak from staying in bed .
tr	O	That was completely discombobulated , but she didn 't care .
tr	O	A few knights shaved , but they were the minority .
tr	I	She groaned , and I replaced my tongue with my thumb .
tr	I	He stops me , and I reach for the button on his pants .
tr	I	He is obviously looking for something and we can hear a man 's voice coming from the other room .
tr	I	We needed a good laugh , but it wasn 't that funny .
tr	O	Bill 's lips thinned and he crossed his arms over his chest .
tr	O	I tried to relax , but it wasn 't easy .
tr	I	She doubted she could get anyone to stay with Anita on Christmas Day , but she smiled to show her gratitude .
tr	O	If I did hurt him , I would feel better , but I would also lose the opportunity to protect Jules .
tr	O	Cricket starts to lift the other one up , too , but something solemn clouds his eyes .
tr	I	You need to look your best and Sunday School is in an hour .
tr	I	He knew that he couldn 't , but for an instant , he considered just driving on .
tr	I	She stroked his back , whispering reassuring words and the child in her arms woke with a start .
tr	O	She may be good with a longbow , but she has no wits as an Inquisitor .
tr	O	I don 't have the answers why , but I think it might have to do with how much humanity is left in them .
tr	I	That was that and he said .
tr	I	It accounted for her only movement , and she hit her rapid eye movement .
tr	I	This was just too much , but I wanted to save my friends .
tr	I	It wasn 't all pleasure , and I screamed .
tr	O	His face was streaked with dried blood , and a vivid blue bruise stretched from the corner of his mouth to his left earlobe .
tr	O	He started to stir and I leaned in close to his face .
tr	I	It tickles , sending shivers down my spine and getting very intimately close , he talks directly into my ear .
tr	O	The rain was cold and I was frozen , my teeth chattering .
tr	I	I love my privacy , and my life is wonderful .
tr	O	It was a female voice and it sounded very attractive .
tr	I	His breathing seemed a little too fast , and despite the heat he wasn 't sweating .
tr	O	I don 't remember what he 'd been working on that day , but he looked exhausted .
tr	O	Aria said it was because her dad snored , but the house had been awfully quiet that night .
tr	O	Her face was filled with panic and she was holding Kelly , whom was crying into her shoulder .
tr	I	Jake wasn 't having any of that but Elissa tried to close her fingers over her palms .
tr	O	Her mom started to rise with her , but Gabby waved her back down .
tr	O	This pack may have allowed her to run with them , but none of them wanted anything to do with her .
tr	O	Jude had always loved snow days , and when they came for the holidays , it was a double bonus .
tr	O	I held my breath , and my heart rate soared .
tr	O	Ric didn 't have a good track record with her , and Katie would probably figure Ric was being a jealous bitch .
tr	I	The evening price was thirty dollars and the mid-day prices jumped to twenty-five .
tr	I	He didn 't look at her and she didn 't respond at once .
tr	O	Alice was back on cloud nine again , and amenable to almost anything the gang suggested .
tr	O	It leaned forward , and a small crack marched across its surface .
tr	O	He wanted to tell her everything about his dream , but she stopped him .
tr	I	It conveyed an entire lifetime of emotion , but it wasn 't a very long song .
tr	O	A lone tear falls from my eye , and no one is here to see it .
tr	O	It was a callous thing to say but he couldn 't hide such a truth .
tr	O	Lunch was waiting and evidently the wrinkles had been ironed out .
tr	O	At first the man denied doing so , but as the Captain restrained him from getting away , he finally admitted his guilt .
tr	O	There was a long moment when I wondered if I was going to get my ass kicked , but gradually the suspense ratcheted down .
tr	I	She avoided his hands , but Rob reached for her .
tr	I	Ears were playing tricks on her and she didn 't think her eyes .
tr	O	Strange symbols spanned a quarter of its length , and the light coming from its underbelly seemed to glow from its casing .
tr	I	You 'll regret it , or don 't let the little things pile up .
tr	I	Despite her uniform she 'd seemed like more than a simple maid and Drummond had called her Jane .
tr	I	I gritted my teeth to keep from banging my head against the wall beside me , and Mia 's life flashed in my head .
tr	I	I snap out of it in time to help her raise the seat backing and Della pulls the lever .
tr	O	Hai Hai twitched her nose once , and her ears jerked in different directions .
tr	I	Shawn was up waiting , but mom came in late .
tr	I	None of them moved me like Melissa , but I 'd taken many submissives to bed .
tr	I	Black spots dot my vision , and the fragile flesh at my throat starts to give way .
tr	O	It didn 't appear to be bleeding , but its skin was smoking from the heat of the pellets .
tr	I	With a horrendous creaking that set my teeth on edge , it opened and I tried the door .
tr	I	We jump to the side , ducking behind a large boulder and Tiny glances over his shoulder .
tr	O	Large hands closed around my shoulders and I screamed , at least I tried .
tr	O	The wind had picked up a bit outside and the rain was pelting the window panes .
tr	I	She stared at him and her body jerked .
tr	O	There was a noisy rattle of chain , and the drawbridge dropped with a huge boom .
tr	O	My words were no longer bitter , but I still needed to know more .
tr	I	I had plenty of people to catch me , but a gust of something knocked me back a little .
tr	I	I refrained from commenting but I didn 't remember the report being all that long .
tr	O	When they started to elevate above the floor more than one gasp came from the men in the room , but none of them said a thing .
tr	O	April asks if she can visit her mother , but the request is ignored .
tr	O	Daniel recollected his dates with his late wife nearly two decades earlier and something clicked in recognition .
tr	I	Of course there are a lot of questions and something like this happens .
tr	I	It was a two-hour country drive , but it was only two hours out .
tr	I	My only duty now is to save you and your duty is to save the world .
tr	I	I knew it , and she was right .
tr	I	The old plane shook as Simon applied the brakes and the wheels skidded as they touched down .
tr	I	I knew it wouldn 't last , not when I saw her , but for a human , I was quite stealthy , controlled .
tr	I	On her spring break she had gone away with her friends , but Anna had come over to babysit several times during her Christmas vacation .
tr	O	He tips his head towards me and his hair falls into his eyes .
tr	I	We went inside and soon it was dark .
tr	I	A branch came toppling down onto Garth and suddenly there was a crack high above .
tr	O	The light in the bathroom is on and the shower is running .
tr	O	I know I asked about firepower earlier , and I 'm assuming you were reporting the lethal weapons we have .
tr	I	I knew it was serious , and I knew it was real .
tr	I	He mindfully smiled as the sleep continued to consume him and for the first time in a long time Connor 's mind was a blank canvas .
tr	I	It was something , but it wasn 't ideal .
tr	O	It really is like paying rent , and ownership doesn 't guarantee much .
tr	O	He tried so many times to teach her , to lure her intrigue with everything from Keats to Nietzsche , but she always reverted back to sex .
tr	O	He pulled back from me then and his expression changed .
tr	O	Broken to this and me trying to crush the pieces smaller .
tr	I	I kissed him and I lay on top of him .
tr	O	The mark will have filled your veins with adrenaline and you will thirst for blood .
tr	O	The old man lowered his voice even further , but his insistence was sharp .
tr	O	You selected me to lead a team of Day Soldiers and I 've accepted that responsibility .
tr	I	She shrugged and I gave her a bare nod .
tr	I	It was Arthur 's lucky crucifix ... but I had no idea where she had conjured it from .
tr	O	I tried using a table in Word but that didn 't produce the proper results .
tr	O	He approached me but I clinched .
tr	O	Shane had walked right into her personal bubble and she was glad to see him , her heart instantly picking up speed .
tr	O	It 's dark outside , but I catch a glimpse of him as he turns the corner .
tr	I	She 's told Jackie , and Unless Fiona was there .
tr	O	She was the daughter of con artists , after all , and truth was never an option .
tr	O	He stood and I slid over to the edge of the seat .
tr	O	I 'd already told him about chatting with Dad earlier , and he agreed to keep going to dinner with me every week .
tr	I	I saw it myself , and at the same moment I felt Steff go rigid against me .
tr	I	I had a hard time concentrating , but the three of us discussed marketing ideas during lunch .
tr	I	Blake quickly stepped between the two women and Samantha stiffened beside him .
tr	O	When your shift is over , come back to my office , and we will find a locker for you to keep that uniform .
tr	O	He swapped out his instruments frequently , and he 'd been in a violin mood as of late .
tr	O	Hopefully the cycle 's roar had covered most of the gunplay , but they had to be away from here as quickly as possible .
tr	O	He switched off the engine and they sat in the dark .
tr	I	We 're messed up , both of us , but I know you don 't get it .
tr	O	He was an unapproachable man , and most men were easily intimidated .
tr	I	They were rare , but he had known such occasions before .
tr	O	Ooo , Jane stomped over here the next day , and she said , ' Now , Torrance Rideout , that was petty .
tr	I	It lights me up from the inside , and he circles my neck with kisses .
tr	O	You were right about him , my darling , and I confess you trained him well .
tr	I	I found myself grinning , and her approval warmed me .
tr	I	My legs won 't move , but I want to run away .
tr	I	There were others she wouldn 't set foot on if someone paid her and some of the piers were in good condition .
tr	I	I had left her alone with her thoughts and she had been quiet on the ride back .
tr	O	The wind is knocked out of me and I just lay there for a few moments , in the dark corridor , catching my breath .
tr	I	I see blurs of fists pressing into the dark air , and shouts rise up from the left side of the room .
tr	I	By them we had lost a great many more people , and it took a full year before we all understood the scope of what had happened .
tr	I	His wife just didn 't work out and he said he .
tr	I	It was going to take him awhile to process everything , and she knew she had just thrown him for a loop .
tr	I	It was smothered by his kisses , but I yelped .
tr	O	The elevator dings on the Storage floor and the doors open up into the vast room .
tr	O	There was a little silence and she glanced at him .
tr	I	The way it 's doing that is by literally washing the NO2 out of the air , but the atmosphere will eventually clean itself .
tr	I	The door opened , and Wood scraped on cement .
tr	I	Emma strolled there as casually as she could , and orthopedics was to the right of the elevators .
tr	O	Reggie began to understand with growing horror that this might actually happen and there may be nothing he could do to get out of it .
tr	O	She was in El a 's room , and El a was dead in her bed .
tr	O	I went to her and we hugged .
tr	O	As he coasted off the abandoned road , he tried the key , but there was nothing .
tr	I	He vowed to do his best to make her happy and he was a lucky man .
tr	I	The only time we 've talked is while we 've been here and we 've known each other for years .
tr	O	She didn 't like being dismissed so , but there was no helping it .
tr	O	Fire burns in your eyes , yet you continue to fight me .
tr	O	He knows you aren 't a big carnivore , but for those among your group who are , he recommends sampling the bacon .
tr	I	Harriet managed a small smile , and she slapped at her neck .
tr	I	He remained quiet , but I watched , waiting for him to speak again .
tr	I	With no visible enemy , he was stuck growling at thin air , but his instincts were on full alert .
tr	I	I don 't think I want to go through all of the trouble of leadership again , but sure , I 'll be happy to give tips .
tr	I	My mind told me to follow orders , but my heart told me to follow Dalby .
tr	O	The boys went back to their game , but Oliver 's words lingered .
tr	I	They just nibbled around the edges of it , and it was advanced physics .
tr	I	I struggled to keep it under control and the panic fluttered in my stomach .
tr	I	A shudder passed through her body and Phillip 's image came to mind .
tr	I	It wasn 't just that , but the plans worried me too .
tr	O	Only Sarah would have the courage to wear something like that , and she looked absolutely fantastic in it .
tr	I	When she listened , Madison could hear a car 's engine , but it took a few seconds for that piece of information to register .
tr	I	He had absolutely no respect for anyone , and he was a craftsman , an artist .
tr	O	His nose was blocked up and his throat felt like sandpaper .
tr	I	I can 't really blame the guy , but of course , it makes me furious .
tr	O	It opened before she could give permission , and Nathan entered .
tr	O	She had told Ronan she was sleepy and the next thing she remembered was waking up in her bed .
tr	O	It was lecturing him against being awed -- which he had been -- and he appreciated it .
tr	O	You say you 've gone through counseling , but you won 't forgive yourself .
tr	I	An Atari hooked up to the TV , and there was even an antiquated Apple computer on the desk by the crates .
tr	O	Normally I would find this car make-out kind of hot , but the day is still off .
tr	O	She walked a loop around the floor , hoping to run into someone else getting ready to leave , but the rooms were dark .
tr	O	The four men all shook hands , and Boniface spoke .
tr	O	I never really paid attention to it before , but it 's always been there .
tr	I	He had no choice other than to trust Tynan 's leadership until he could learn the truth himself , but Logan wasn 't so sure .
tr	O	I felt a chill come over me and I shuffled myself closer to the fire .
tr	O	It was a small jab , but it was a jab .
tr	I	She didn 't want to mess it up , and she knew this was binding .
tr	I	I realized he was speaking , and his lips moved .
tr	O	They have time to prepare , but most are not given this luxury .
tr	I	Heat bloomed anew between her thighs , her clit pulsing with desperate need , and he squeezed her cheeks together .
tr	I	They blame me and people miss you .
tr	I	This is still okay , but he 's taking this one question at a time .
tr	O	Their number was smaller but their magic was greater .
tr	O	You have done it before and you will do it again .
tr	O	It doesn 't feel like home , but you are home .
tr	O	Other knots of people were sitting , chatting , and I was relieved not to be self-consciously alone .
tr	O	A pair of Dauntless traitors stand by the door to the dining hall , their guns in hand , and I stiffen .
tr	O	His hand glided up the strong core to the soft breasts and he put his lips lightly against the arch of her neck .
tr	I	She hadn 't even explained yet and I was livid .
tr	I	It was all around us , but it was no longer just on the other side of the water .
tr	I	I could have sworn he smiled and he thumped his tail .
tr	O	It was a right of passage , but Chad really took that job seriously .
tr	I	An invisible force prevented them from passing , but he tried to step forward again .
tr	O	Sarah said and he shook his head .
tr	O	I didn 't want to keep Nelly around , but I was going to need a witch .
tr	O	I expected him to vanish instantly , but he paused , eyes narrowing slightly .
tr	I	It only licked me as a mother bear licks her cubs , but I felt its hot breath on my face .
tr	O	My eyes sting and I blink furiously .
tr	I	As Aiden 's house line rang , I chewed on my lip , and I dialed his number .
tr	O	The face was misshapen , deformed , but the smile was beautiful .
tr	I	I 'd certainly spilled the beans but no , I didn 't get Kellee pregnant .
tr	O	She didn 't know where home was , but anything had to be better than the sterile hospital room .
tr	O	My feet found the steps and I retreated to the sliding door .
tr	I	We both knew it and Igor was playing with us .
tr	I	It was long enough to know he was in love with Annie , but a week wasn 't long enough to know everything about one person .
tr	O	She stopped abruptly and the echo stopped .
tr	I	She gasped , and I pulled back the curtain .
tr	O	Marcia could see what was happening , but she knew better than to run to Silas 's aid .
tr	O	I like giving pleasure , and I like receiving it .
tr	O	His heart was pounding , and he tried to force his tired legs to move faster .
tr	O	She hesitated , and then her arms went around me .
tr	O	This is one of his worst qualities but at the same time one of his best tells .
tr	O	Desperately she tried to get rid of her emotions , but she was fighting a losing battle .
tr	I	Maybe she was getting numb to the whole thing , or it wasn 't as bad as she thought it might be .
tr	O	I have no idea how to respond to that , but it 's my own fault for bringing it up .
tr	O	Coffee was very much needed and I made my way to the kitchen .
tr	O	I watched as his face became hard and his jaw started to tic .
tr	O	Kale takes his stance , and Damien follows suit .
tr	O	His eyes blazed to see her in her silky lingerie , but there was not much else of a reaction from him .
tr	I	He was acting as though this was a conventional marriage , and James was the only person who knew what they intended .
tr	I	I ducked and he threw the ball as hard as he could at me .
tr	I	He shook his head , but he hadn 't had a chance to drink much of it , so she thought he 'd relent .
tr	O	My father always said with good things come bad , and I had that filed away in my memory bank of important advice .
tr	O	This is what the world has become ... and this is what it has made me .
tr	O	Clearly he 's not trained for it , but he has two things going for him .
tr	O	He asks it , but it sounds like he already knows who I am .
tr	O	Maybe she 'll be able to go through with it , and we 'll be the parents we always wanted to be .
tr	O	Goddamn it felt so good and she 'd barely touched him .
tr	O	He recognized the primal urge of a male in mate frenzy , and he clenched his teeth against it .
tr	I	You could also hurt him but he could hurt you emotionally .
tr	O	She caught Eve doing the same thing , and they shared sudden , sheepish grins .
tr	I	Her skin was porcelain , and her eyes were lake blue .
tr	I	That was that and she named it .
tr	O	She glanced away without responding , and Travis went on .
tr	I	The rest of the wood was placed in the fire bin and the BBQ coals died down at about midnight .
tr	I	She didn 't get on , but Misty pressed the call button so it would stay there .
tr	O	I have to go through with the internship at the slut factory , but I 'll do more than be a nuisance , like Em suggested .
tr	O	He caressed her chin in feather-light strokes , and her heartbeat quickened as she trembled at his soft touch .
tr	O	Mabel asked and Sonia stilled .
tr	O	It 's not deep , but guilt pricks me anyway .
tr	I	Something moved me to tell him , and I wondered if he knew that .
tr	I	Now I 'm setting you straight , and I set her straight as well .
tr	I	I slumped to the first step , and we walked to the large staircase .
tr	I	His arm was clamped hard around her thighs , making it impossible , but she tried to push into his hungry mouth .
tr	I	He had no proof , but Rodolfo had been his first thought too .
tr	I	She started choking and the swallow of coffee got stuck in her throat .
tr	O	His hand splayed on her back , and he started moving her against him .
tr	I	Her nose turned fiery red , and her face shone .
tr	I	My dark hair no longer held any curls , and I 'd lost a lot of weight .
tr	O	The other races , I couldn 't stop them from dying out , but I could save my family 's own human race just in time .
tr	I	She didn 't feel like taking it back , but Julie didn 't know why she asked that .
tr	O	My fingers dug into his hair and when he 'd kicked the door shut behind us , he laid me on the bed .
tr	O	I try again and this time I actually make it into a sitting position .
tr	I	She didn 't like that smile one bit and Julius smiled slowly .
tr	O	I had heard enough third party stuff about him but it had never really clicked that it was Harry .
tr	I	You know what a snob Cissy is , and he 's going to bring his daughter .
tr	I	Ogg , with his usual lack of ceremony , projected them forward to the very last day of absolutely everything , and she nodded .
tr	O	I 'd only seen Callie twice since I returned and she 'd been ready to claw my eyes out .
tr	I	He breathed cold illumination and even the air about him lit up .
tr	I	I got out the # 2 pencil , and we unrolled the paper between us .
tr	O	The decision 's going to be made , and I want that part .
tr	O	he asks and I nod .
tr	O	Jetta 's instructions jumble in my head and I have to focus .
tr	O	A black metal gate set into the mansion 's wall kept out intruders , but Jem 's Open rune made short work of the lock .
tr	I	He 's too strong , but I try to push him away with my elbow .
tr	I	I fell to my knees but I tried to steady my balance .
tr	O	I waited for him to emerge and my face just kept getting redder .
tr	I	She heard voices coming from outside and instead the kitchen was empty .
tr	O	Until that moment , he hadn 't let his plans for the future progress that far , but suddenly it seemed the thing to do .
tr	I	I knew they wouldn 't ask if it weren 't important , but I knew what the kings were asking of me was wrong .
tr	I	To go through with it but I had no choice now .
tr	O	If the princes were in the forest , then soldiers were nearby , and Aunt Maya had warned Rema enough times to steer clear of the army .
tr	I	I blanched for an entirely different reason and Beth blanched at the continued cursing .
tr	I	The glimmer in his irises tells me he 's teasing , but he acts all offended .
tr	O	I 'd been told that was possible in the Otherworld , but I 'd never seen it happen .
tr	O	We broke the surface , and she let out a gasp , then started pulling me toward the dock .
tr	I	I 'm coming up with ideas to keep him safe , and they won 't touch him while I 'm around .
tr	O	I 'd escaped , and against all odds , I 'd survived .
tr	I	I 'm in a hurry , and I 'm the only passenger .
tr	O	His strength beckoned and she snuggled close .
tr	I	I could help with the gag , but I 'd cut my fingers off if I tried to mess with that wire .
tr	I	She didn 't wish to upset Biddy , but the fact didn 't bother her .
tr	I	That glaring fact kil ed the fight in me , and Diego was gone .
tr	O	A tiny thrill shot through me , but I quickly squashed it .
tr	I	He had a dish with an unidentified herb crushed in it , and Incense burned in a censor .
tr	I	She was the child and we were the parents .
tr	I	Then , every direction was the same in this place , but I had no idea what direction we faced .
tr	O	She also forgot that it was the middle of the night , and she went on nagging him for what felt like two hours .
tr	I	She wouldn 't make eye contact , but she gave me a small smile .
tr	O	We walked side by side , and Call eventually dropped my hand .
tr	O	I look away from him as my heart starts racing and I feel the first trickle of sweat down my back .
tr	I	His face didn 't reveal anything and Breedlove gave her father a look .
tr	O	Tammie Lee nodded and Paul helped her to her feet .
tr	O	The realization should make me feel better , but instead all it does is depress me .
tr	O	Drogheda 's face gets all stern and she points a finger at me .
tr	O	He held out his hand and she pressed his palm in a handshake .
tr	I	They fear their very own dark fantasies someday coming upon them , but they desire to hurt others .
tr	O	He appreciated the joke , but they were both too wound up to laugh .
tr	O	The bird was larger than normal , and the harpies were already large birds .
tr	I	I could imagine the smile on her face and she said .
tr	O	By now the other clients were gone , and the whole family centred their attention on the marvellous Jacob .
tr	O	Will had planted his hands on Holly 's slender hips , and the brunette 's arms were now locked around his strong , corded neck .
tr	O	It 's sort of crude , but it gets the job done provided you 're not overly fussy about resolution .
tr	O	The anger boiled up and Joey snapped wide-awake realizing too late that her situation was very real .
tr	O	The vehicle entered the grounds of the governor 's mansion , and Tristan squinted through the dusk at something he hadn 't noticed before .
tr	I	Bobo join in , and they made it to the kitchen in silence , then I heard Janet begin to giggle .
tr	I	The door disappears behind your backs and Encounter Area 4 Underground Highway You enter a featureless cube shaped chamber .
tr	O	Michael knew he should calm down , but he didn 't want to .
tr	O	I once saw a man kick a dog , and I got so upset three houses behind him caught fire .
tr	I	Next day the fever was on her , and we carried her to her bed .
tr	I	It is a distraction that brings me comfort so I indulge for a moment but I know none are available .
tr	I	She didn 't seem to be worried about that , but in a way , it wasn 't fair to her .
tr	I	The wall was to her left and thankfully he sat to her right .
tr	I	He finally understood his second mother 's ( as he called her ) dream to be in the church , but it took time .
tr	O	I thought I knew the answer , and that made my heart speed up .
tr	I	It was a moment we 'd never soon forget but sure , we were both covered with stinky vinegar .
tr	I	No one knew where and the real gathering was held somewhere else .
tr	O	Spider pushed open the door to Fat Charlie 's spare room , and at the same time he opened the door to his bedroom .
tr	O	She points the way , and I don 't care how transparent I am as I move immediately in that direction .
tr	O	My knee is throbbing , but I don 't care .
tr	I	She dropped it , and I didn 't want to talk about it .
tr	O	He left and she was leaning over me , cupping my face in her hands , forcing me to look into her eyes .
tr	I	They settled themselves inside and Jen followed him over to his tepee .
tr	O	He brushed the back of his hand against Sofia 's jawline and she instinctively moved away from his touch .
tr	I	She was batting her eyelashes and he was flashing her a grin .
tr	I	He caught me around the waist , and I moved to walk past him .
tr	I	I slumped back down into my chair and every ounce of stress left my body .
tr	O	We 'll be pulling out immediately , and I don 't dare leave you behind .
tr	I	As crazy as it sounds , I even made a few friends in the process , and somehow I 'd made it through the worst .
tr	O	I hadn 't known it when we hurried down the stairs that evening , but I knew it now .
tr	I	I grow dizzy and my head spins .
tr	I	She turned to see what had prompted it and Ted 's exclamation broke Melody out of her daydream .
tr	O	Chapter Five I told Logan walking me to the door was more than enough , but he was adamant , gently guiding me to the main house .
tr	I	I didn 't even notice , and we 're really close to the finish line .
tr	O	Ralston said , and I saw he 'd done his homework .
tr	O	The vampires would be weak , but the wolves would be at full strength .
tr	I	Suddenly more than anything else you want to kiss him and he is talking to you about his morning .
tr	O	Her heart pounded and she broke out in a sweat .
tr	I	The view beyond , where the roof sloped away , was truly breathtaking , and the small monument was directly ahead of us .
tr	I	I want you to be mine , and I want you .
tr	O	A knock sounded on the door , and I yanked it open .
tr	O	Tolland 's lungs ached for air and yet he stayed right there with her .
tr	O	They weren 't supposed to be strong enough to put me to sleep , but they did .
tr	O	It 'd been a whole week , and yet she could still detect his cologne .
tr	O	His jaw was set hard , and anger flared in his eyes .
tr	O	Somehow we got separated and I couldn 't find them anywhere .
tr	O	He was sorry for it , but he didn 't know any other way .
tr	I	I 'd just discovered a murderer and I 'd met a cute guy .
tr	I	The driver barked at him , and the tinted window slid down .
tr	O	When they were inside , Jase put him down and he stumbled into the kitchen to check the dog .
tr	I	I switched the light on , and we made it into his room .
tr	I	At the moment , going with him was just easier , but she knew she 'd regret it later , of course .
tr	I	She was willing to play it by ear , but she didn 't have a plan after that .
tr	I	Gabby gingerly took a seat , wincing as she felt the muscles in her legs plead in agony , and Terri left them alone .
tr	I	Her eyes seemed to become an even brighter shade of blue and her pink lips turned up at the corners .
tr	O	You might get lucky at the grocery store , but there 's more likely to be a panic .
tr	I	As much as I hated to admit it , they were both stunningly beautiful , but the pair were obviously familiar with bleach in a box .
tr	I	I feel it all and it moves up my body .
tr	I	I think they just assumed it was rented , and only a few close friends have been to my flat .
tr	O	He saw her glance up once , swiftly , when she read the name of the deceased , but he said nothing .
tr	I	It just vanished , but I don 't know how I knew .
tr	I	I 've only been taped in my uniform , but I have my Mockingjay outfit with me .
tr	O	She dipped her head low and tears streamed down her eyes .
tr	I	Almost every caravan had suffered some attack , and it was known in the city that assailants were once again active in the region .
tr	O	Blaire called out my name , and I turned to see her hurrying toward me .
tr	O	One strong hit from Riley would break him ... and he might never recover .
tr	O	Vince started for Tony , but before he could reach him , Joe pulled him back .
tr	I	Her presence is palpable , but she 's not visible .
tr	O	I knew this was my parent 's doing , and I was never going to forgive them for caring more about control than my well-being .
tr	O	She tried to call out for Kim , but her jaw would work .
tr	O	We moved into our new apartment the following morning , and Jack was on a flight that evening .
tr	O	Here she 'd been on the verge of confessing her love to him and he was simply continuing to tie her up .
tr	I	I can 't , but I want to .
tr	I	They had to stand in the aisle , struggling to stay upright in the swaying carriage , and the trolley was crowded .
tr	O	We glanced around hastily , but the cat had disappeared .
tr	O	Panic exploded in her chest , but she was used to that .
tr	O	I think they vaccinate for mumps these days so probably not that , but there are lots of other things they get when they are little .
tr	O	Dad 's political career was in ruins , but he never let it get him down .
tr	I	I take off running toward the sound and a series of thunderous howls rips through the atmosphere .
tr	O	She was the first girl he 'd ever considered liking , and all he could think of now was , look where that got me .
tr	I	His lips twitch and I watched his eyes go soft .
tr	I	He held firm , but she tried to twist from his grip .
tr	I	Calloused hands held him firmly , but Cole squirmed .
tr	O	She explained patiently , but she sounded exhausted .
tr	I	Then his lips were pressing against mine , coaxing them open , and he moved his hands to my back .
tr	I	He followed her , never taking his mouth from hers and she dropped down on the cushions .
tr	I	My heart started fluttering in my pipes , and he touched the laces of my shirt that kept it together .
tr	O	Instantly his hand covered hers and he took a deep breath .
tr	O	His mind had been in absolute turmoil and he simply hadn 't been able to think clearly .
tr	I	Japan sent 12,000 troops to Siberia , and the USA mobilized troops to both .
tr	O	Steve 's mind wandered back to the presentation tomorrow , and he hoped that sleep would come .
tr	I	It had to be enough to drop a damn rhino but he had no idea how much lead he 'd taken .
tr	O	Ali suspected it was his appendix , and apparently Dr. Coleman did , too .
tr	I	In turn he 'd get to be there to raise his child and he 'd make her a comfortable woman .
tr	I	My skin was still so numb that the air felt almost warm , but outside was colder .
tr	I	He revisited the events that took place last night at the restaurant and this jogged his memory .
tr	I	She narrowed her eyes at him fiercely , but he opened his mouth to protest again .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure she wanted to be in a pack , and the only one worth anything was Kandace .
tr	I	She held back , but Jolene could tell that Betsy wanted to follow .
tr	O	The sound of the door opening made me freeze where I stood , but in seconds I saw Gemma 's sweet face appear in the doorway .
tr	O	It was possible , but he doubted it .
tr	O	His eyes were alert and Rock could tell this was a man in a position of power .
tr	O	Each of us was talking about the guys in our lives , and Granny chattered excitedly about her upcoming luncheon date with Mr. Milton .
tr	I	The sky was now darkening and even the wolves were tiring .
tr	I	Nobody came over , but people looked at us .
tr	I	As the old saying goes , once is enough , but in fact , we 'd only been together once .
tr	I	He let it go , but the answer raised more questions than it resolved .
tr	O	The gate opened up , and he drove down .
tr	I	Hanna knew he was thinking about the trouble his parents were in , and he got a faraway look on his face .
tr	I	A smile automatically came to his lips when he saw it was Carol , and Eleven James answered the door .
tr	O	It had never turned me on so much to do this , but Cohen 's genuine response was hot .
tr	O	It was eerily silent , and Jake didn 't know what to make of it .
tr	O	It took me several seconds to muster an answer , and when I spoke , my voice was very small .
tr	I	He thought about what he 'd actually said , but he only ever wanted to repeat one day .
tr	O	You were gone for quite a while , and we all missed you horribly .
tr	O	Once she stopped giving him the power over her , the thrill would be gone and he 'd stop .
tr	O	It was a cold day and his breath was visible .
tr	O	I went to pay , but he said it was on the house .
tr	O	I thought I would be able to handle seeing the new changes in me , but I wasn 't .
tr	O	I called out to her , and she smiled at me gratefully .
tr	O	Look , I get that you want to help Adrian , but you can 't be mad at me about what happened .
tr	I	I didn 't want him to be late for his first class just because of the stupid runes on my car , but he was so sweet .
tr	O	She was tempted to revert back to her pirating ways , but this could be the last time she played with Isaac .
tr	I	She couldn 't abide that , and except she knew that Gran would insist on telling Chief Stacy .
tr	I	Now the woman felt responsible for both of them and Isa had been her mother 's friend .
tr	I	You 're acting upon it , and the Cross Society is giving you information .
tr	I	No sounds came out of my mouth but I wanted to cry out .
tr	O	Someone knocked politely at her door and Aurora stuck her head inside .
tr	I	This silo was tainted based on their perfect standards and it was a perfect legacy that mattered to them .
tr	O	* * * Winkler 's cell phone rang as he and Trajan laid Buck on the sofa in the media room .
tr	O	A pressure blast smacked her body as if she were a swatted fly and she was thrown into the air .
tr	I	The distance between them made for strained conversations , and they 'd spaced themselves across the Wall 's length .
tr	O	She left him alone for a few moments and he disappeared .
tr	O	Her arms fell to her side , too heavy to hold up , but somehow she maintained her grip on the gun .
tr	O	They hurried away and I 'm stuck again with a crowd of people trying to get around me while I shake my bucket .
tr	O	There was something hypnotic about them , and she was unable to look away .
tr	O	I nearly faint as I see what this outfit is going to cost , but Emerson doesn 't even bat an eye as his card is charged .
tr	I	The guard didn 't move to help him , but he staggered just before he reached the door .
tr	I	Her nails raked down his back because she wanted him in , deeper , and he withdrew .
tr	I	Then I continued , and I inhaled deeply , knowing that I 'd give her anything she asked for .
tr	O	He registered a searing pain from what was probably his back , but he could not be sure .
tr	I	She saw relief in the rugged lines of his face and he nodded .
tr	I	He pulled away , catching my hand in his , and I made as if to touch the wound .
tr	I	That would be rude , but I could have .
tr	I	Weary worry darkened her green eyes , and faint lines grooved into her forehead .
tr	O	There 's a marked aggression in Logan 's tone and it racks up the tension in the room immeasurably .
tr	O	Crickets creaked in the uncut grass in front of the lot , and Canada geese honked in the distance .
tr	O	Not that I would have gone out with Mr. Xander , but I would have at least liked the choice .
tr	I	He still loves to have fun , but he has to be one of the smartest people I 've ever met .
tr	I	Once you did , he was bloody hard to stop , but it could take a lot of work to get him rolling .
tr	O	Lucky was there and we enjoyed her .
tr	O	In fact , I don 't know who brought you here , but it doesn 't matter .
tr	I	Before he knew it , James fell to sleep with Prudence in his arms , and the hours passed .
tr	O	The crazy man was crouched by that post again , and he was still jerking on his chain .
tr	O	I had no idea what he thought about it , but it couldn 't be good .
tr	O	Peter nudged me , but I ignored him .
tr	I	The smells of the wood were different too , and the temperature was too cold for late spring .
tr	I	That was precisely how she desired it to be , and she depended upon no one .
tr	O	I open my mouth to protest but I don 't have a chance .
tr	O	The girl smiled , and her face softened .
tr	O	I 'm exhausted , but I keep going through everything in my mind .
tr	O	Maybe it 's not as bad as I thought , but I get the feeling that she 's hiding something .
tr	I	I imagined him settling into a slouch , crossing his booted ankles on the Ops Room table , and Luc sighed .
tr	O	He moved closer to her , but she stepped back from him .
tr	O	There was a note of sadness in her voice , and I knew she was speaking from her own heart .
tr	I	She scrambled to her feet , then he threw her over the top of the piano but he threw her on to the sofa .
tr	I	The things were too fast , but he tried to run .
tr	I	She turned round , smiling at him and Tom 's voice broke into her thoughts .
tr	O	I looked where Brad was pointing and I couldn 't believe my eyes .
tr	I	Gentler than Claire could ever remember hearing it , and when she spoke again her voice was low .
tr	O	It reminded me more of a wedding invitation than actual letterhead , but it was obviously business related .
tr	I	A smile emerged and she cupped his face with both hands .
tr	O	We had reached the car and he had the rear door open , holding the top of the open door with both hands .
tr	O	It would not be as simple as before , due to the guards , but he could do it .
tr	I	They terrified her , but she had no idea what the images that flashed through her head meant .
tr	O	Robert decided this was a good time to remove himself from the situation , and he hadn 't even greeted the women yet .
tr	O	Unfortunately , certain complications brought you here , but this is not a gulag .
tr	O	It was one thing for this girl to remind Emily of Ali , but now she was acting like her , too .
tr	I	Now he owned the whole thing , and Alcide had been a partner in his dad 's surveying company .
tr	I	It was obvious that he was out , so I went to look for Diego , but I went to look for Paul .
tr	O	You didn 't care enough to be here for her and you put her life in danger .
tr	I	He ducks so it misses his head , but I throw a mozzarella stick at him .
tr	O	Momma had said her spirit was watching out for us and she could hear us .
tr	I	I couldn 't explain it and he just smelled good to me .
tr	O	I hoped my white shorts and blue oversized shirt with wedges made me look casual yet trendy .
tr	I	It angered you , and you knew about Horne 's abduction of Miss Thornton .
tr	I	She kept her eyes locked on his punishing stare , but she didn 't move as he approached her slowly .
tr	I	With the dying daylight it only drew him closer but I shook my head .
tr	I	She wanted him to stop and he was struggling so .
tr	O	The chairs final y circled back around , and the other kids scrambled onto them .
tr	O	I turned around , and he kissed his way around my stomach until he got to the zipper in the back of my skirt .
tr	I	He was staring , but she turned to him , prepared to laugh .
tr	I	She felt it and his erection grew .
tr	O	Because part of her was so excited it was vibrating apart , and the other part , the practical part ... that was crying .
tr	I	She turned around to see who had interrupted her concentration , and Noelle Blanche started .
tr	O	My right hand slips between her legs and her head falls back against my shoulder .
tr	I	He paused , savouring the sight of my lingerie , and my shirt fell open .
tr	I	Now you must stay with me and we do as we must .
tr	O	I 've forgotten to answer and he 's still studying me .
tr	O	The world is going to hell and I 'm somehow supposed to help .
tr	I	She needed normalcy and Lily laughed because it was normal for Rosa to scold her .
tr	O	He 'd seen the planet on numerous films back home , but this would be the first time he 'd visited one .
tr	O	At first I think he didn 't hear me , but he steps back .
tr	O	The coffee shop was just down the road , and I felt guilty when I saw the prices .
tr	O	He wanted her approval , but all he did was alienate her .
tr	O	The engine has quieted to a soothing hum , and I wonder if that 's why they switched their tanks from gas to electric .
tr	I	The rest of the room followed suit , and he rose from the chair .
tr	O	His words said one thing , but his wistful expression said another .
tr	O	It brought up a lot of bad feelings from the past and there were a couple things that were bothering me .
tr	I	You think it 's love and some female flirts with you .
tr	I	The doctor was lying and he was quite unable to be sensible when tied up .
tr	O	He closed in on her and Colleen 's heartbeat sped up .
tr	O	They 'd been coming in a steady stream for the last hour , and the kitchen was starting to get full .
tr	O	Josh 's voice was playful but Claire gave a little shiver .
tr	O	She wasn 't a toy , but the words coming from his lips were driving her insane .
tr	I	Our lips were supposed to be next and we 'd done our eyebrows together .
tr	O	Autumn turned to face him and he reached for her hand .
tr	I	He had work to do and this was his space now .
tr	I	He knew exactly where to pull another of line , but he dropped one , which could have been a catastrophe .
tr	O	I started to ask what he meant by that , but he was already leading me forward , walking quickly .
tr	O	Light burn me , but I did .
tr	I	My stomach clenched and nausea hit me .
tr	O	A single tear slipped down Cassie 's cheek , but her grandma quickly wiped it away .
tr	O	It was crazy , but there was no denying it .
tr	I	That was the reason why she didn 't talk much about herself , and Julian was partially afraid that she was scared of whom he was .
tr	I	He turned toward the flames , and a sudden gust of wind blew in from the north .
tr	I	The ambulance attendants were bent over him , when we arrived within three minutes of the call , and Cliff was on the lawn bleeding .
tr	I	It is not consumed , yet the town burns with fires !
tr	O	She agreed to meet him for dinner the next night and he kissed her gently .
tr	I	Gel had to fix them , and the songs all had problems .
tr	O	She worked hard for years for a chance to be selected for the U.S. Team , and she would not have risked her dream by stealing Blackie .
tr	I	At the top of the vent he turned back , but he wriggled up without being told .
tr	I	I 'd get over him somehow , but it would take a long time .
tr	I	She held my gaze , and I looked into her eyes .
tr	O	I hold tight , breathing deep until the terror has passed and I feel calm again .
tr	I	The room was dim , and the shades were down .
tr	O	He started coming home before dinner , and we settled into a normal life .
tr	I	She didn 't want for anything , and she 'd already explained to every one of her brothers that Jason was taking very good care of her .
tr	I	The trees rustled , and the wind sang .
tr	I	Words wouldn 't come but he tried to speak .
tr	I	I made no more than a whimper , but if I could have screamed , I would have .
tr	I	She shot a startled glance toward the sound and Music poured from the ballroom .
tr	O	Like clockwork , she tugged back , but he didn 't let her go .
tr	O	I hadn 't looked deeper at the man beneath the charming smile , and I 'd paid the price .
tr	I	When she put them on she didn 't seem ready to work , but Faye picked up her glasses .
tr	O	He was completely hard and the silky skin on his cock pulsed with heat .
tr	I	She looked disappointed , but Jenny nodded .
tr	I	I can assure you that if it does come back , we won 't want to see it , but we may not have his body .
tr	I	It flashed in the low light and John pulled something from his pocket .
tr	I	Her dress wasn 't what I was staring at , but a simple white apron topped her dress .
tr	I	That voice offered no answers , but dozens of questions swirled through my restless mind .
tr	O	I look over at her and she ´ s still sleeping .
tr	I	The covers were missing and the snoring was loud .
tr	I	With the gifts her husband had given her years ago , and the basement was filled with things she had tired of .
tr	O	The sun had not reemerged more than fifteen minutes ago , and already the saturated air was turning into steam .
tr	I	Soon they would meet their fate and they knew the coliseum was close .
tr	O	The landscape crews finished clearing the creek today and most of the work is completed .
tr	O	We rolled in the mud , end over end , and I came up on top , barely hanging on .
tr	I	Nowhere was perfect , but it was easy to think of Haverford as a picture postcard town .
tr	O	He 's at the hospital and he 's dying !
tr	O	From one great hall shone many lights and there came the sound of many voices .
tr	O	He looked up into Fiona 's eyes and she felt her resolve to be angry with him soften as she gazed down into his big brown eyes .
tr	I	He wouldn 't say , but there was something more .
tr	O	His heart pounded , and he had to convince himself that he was alright .
tr	O	My mouth fell open but no sound came out .
tr	O	There wasn 't anywhere she 'd rather be , but he didn 't need to know that .
tr	I	Right now , her face had a shuttered look , but usually her feelings were clear for all to see .
tr	O	She smiled a lot , but Rhi avoided her because that smile was a lie .
tr	O	Now , our magnetic fields are crazy enough as it is , but Lord knows what this pressure does to them .
tr	O	He gripped her arms and for a moment she was afraid he was going to push her away .
tr	I	Hopelessness seeped into my soul , and a blanket of darkness spread behind him .
tr	I	My father taught me other things too , but that is what my father taught me .
tr	I	She followed and I pushed the bike in .
tr	I	I did ... and he 'd said I could understand the whispers , whereas Chance could not because I was soon to die myself .
tr	I	He waited and I looked at him .
tr	I	I want to tear him to pieces , but he is my brother .
tr	I	His name is Sam and I have a dog .
tr	I	I was in a state but this was rude .
tr	O	It was warmer out today , and it was still early in the morning .
tr	I	I 'd had years ago and my mind wandered to the pillow fight Emma .
tr	I	I slipped inside and he opened the door for me .
tr	I	Before sunset the ship disappeared beneath the waves , and in slow motion the leaning became ever steeper .
tr	I	He spun as the rest of us looked in her direction and behind Cole Gemma gasped .
tr	I	Then its own weight carried it forward , and the boulder leaned forward , looked about ready to stop .
tr	O	She 'd tell me that was impossible and I needed help ... etc , etc , etc. .
tr	O	Their sentences seemed to move impossibly fast and I was relieved that not everyone around me was under the constrictions of silence .
tr	I	Only a few minutes later , the science console began to chatter , but it seemed like hours .
tr	O	I 've lived most of my life always trying to be on top , but this relationship isn 't a competition .
tr	O	She felt so cold inside , yet the roaring fire seemed to scorch her very skin .
tr	I	I looked down , and the phone buzzed in my hand .
tr	O	Patrick may have been a genius in class , but he was horrible with anything that required coordination .
tr	I	We were inundated by blaring rock music , and he pressed play on his phone .
tr	I	Our apartment didn 't have air conditioning , and it was too sunny to stay at the beach .
tr	O	London already had a glass of white wine , but Tripp 's glass was still empty .
tr	O	We made it to the top and he turned us to the crowd .
tr	O	It was about trust , and she needed to know he was a man of his word in all matters .
tr	O	You made the decisions which you thought were best at the time , and I don 't blame you for doing so .
tr	I	In that moment , I believed him , and he went back to digging .
tr	I	Flags waved like mad , and banners flew higher there .
tr	I	The white glow of the reflected moon slipped across the water , and lazy waves slapped against the seawall .
tr	I	He saw the outline of a snowflake , and the light coming through illuminated the streaks left behind by Brynn 's finger .
tr	I	I need this friendship too , but I prefer being around guys .
tr	I	I was scared , but I wanted to hear his response .
tr	I	Her tender shoulders tensed and her heart throbbed .
tr	O	They both looked completely confused , but he expected them to be .
tr	O	The bald slave had been a jerk , but Jace had laid into him too much .
tr	O	I was determined to bake the perfect fruitcake and I didn 't care how long it took .
tr	I	My head isn 't spinning around and I 'm not levitating off my bed .
tr	I	Then we were on our way , with a box of bread crumbs , and he was inside for less than a minute .
tr	I	He 'd asked Jake to interfere if it ever came down to it , and they knew he had struggled not to claim her .
tr	I	She wrapped a red scarf around her neck for good measure and the wind whistled through the window pane .
tr	O	Within a few minutes he 'd made the turns she gave and they were heading down a hill to Balmoral Beach .
tr	O	She was exhausted trying to show him how well she could do this kind of thing and he never said a word !
tr	I	I was happy for him , and things worked out for Jack .
tr	I	Then he nodded once , and Jared 's eyes met mine .
tr	O	She had wanted everyone to fear me , including the Prince of Hell , and it had worked incredibly well .
tr	O	I repeated , and he nodded .
tr	I	Ken said they would probably be thrown out , and Julie mentioned going up the street to dance .
tr	I	I smiled at them both weakly and he nodded towards me .
tr	I	The steady pressure of her arm compelled Mark to go with her along the passage , and to this the Fairy made no answer .
tr	O	I thought about getting up to dance , but I figured I should wait for Taylor .
tr	I	He didn 't give himself away , but he 'd used a small bribe .
tr	I	Joe wondered the last time someone had been in to clean up the place , and they groaned in protest .
tr	O	David knew his company was in trouble but he didn 't know about the hostile take-over .
tr	I	She was going to make the best of it , but these are her people , although she did not feel like one of them now .
tr	O	Most were good men , but a few were looking to take from others what they themselves did not want to work for .
tr	O	They were bellowing almost constantly , and signs of panic had begun to spread along the wall .
tr	O	The first one of the year was on Friday night , and I happily settled into watching a movie with the other girls .
tr	I	Melissa would be cast as an extra in a movie being shot nearby , but I 'd get cast in the school play .
tr	I	Cooper 's weakness grew , but neither wanted to leave Katherine 's bedside .
tr	I	She gasped and his hand dipped between her thighs .
tr	I	He bent down to kiss me , and his strong hands braced my face .
tr	O	The official verdict in each instance was natural causes , but she was quite sure that was not the case .
tr	I	Some bushes swished behind me and a twig snapped .
tr	I	I loved the kid already and five minutes was all it took .
tr	I	She didn 't respond but he kissed her again .
tr	O	Her hands burned where rocks had scraped into the tender skin , and her ankle throbbed .
tr	I	He ran his thumb across the nipple and his right hand cupped my exposed breast .
tr	O	Tammy waited , but her Grandmother just closed her eyes .
tr	O	Sawyer 's arms , all hard muscle , banded around her , and one hand settled on her backside , molding their bodies together .
tr	O	Her white slacks fit like a second skin , and her chiffon blouse crisscrossed over an impressive chest .
tr	O	I wanted the bloodhound to move away from me , but he stayed loyally pressed against my legs .
tr	I	Clearly that was not going well , and nothing mattered more than fitting in .
tr	O	I stared at him sometimes , but he didn 't look back .
tr	O	My tongue was thick in my mouth , and my thoughts dissolved before they could reach it .
tr	I	The clouds in his eyes evaporated and Holt seemed to like this idea .
tr	I	I 'll tell you about the other one who was like you and you eat with me .
tr	I	No words accompanied it , but she felt the weight of a cool hand come to rest on her shoulder .
tr	I	It terrified me and he had never physically hurt me before .
tr	O	This had startled the uniformed man , but he didn 't miss a beat .
tr	O	It was after she graduated from high school and she was working at become a dental hygienist .
tr	I	She refused to acknowledge his touch , but his proximity lit her body in flames .
tr	O	Maddy 's napkin was quickly soaked , though , and mine had been sacrificed to the initial deluge that seeped down to my lap .
tr	O	His work cell rang , and he picked it up .
tr	I	The place gave them a good view , but they were not in fact ahead of them at that time .
tr	O	His mouth dropped open , and he fluttered his eyelids .
tr	O	Even his eyes seemed different , and he leaned forward to look .
tr	O	In the meantime , a cure was found , but it caused great pain .
tr	I	I knew my little sister would taunt me about our bet that I 'd kill Abigail within a day , but I 'd wanted to go home .
tr	I	I haven 't even touched mine and when I finish , he 's on his second bowl of pasta .
tr	O	Edwin 's curiosity got the better of his nerves , and he walked over to study the fridge shaped object .
tr	I	A muted hush drifted over the dark camp , and the crowds were beginning to settle down again .
tr	O	She frowned at how the old terminology still shackled her , but then again she refused to say ' masters ' either .
tr	I	He 'd long since apologized , and now he realized his own bitter experience had tainted his reasoning .
tr	O	Post those on the internet and you 'd see some hits .
tr	O	I didn 't want him to , but that would have been humane .
tr	I	Her warm smile made me feel like she should be offering me a fresh warm cookie and she was fair .
tr	O	He slammed into the floor , and the barstool fell beside him .
tr	I	Water started flowing , and then she pumped a water handle at the sink .
tr	I	From then on they wake up there each morning , and an empty bed gets a new occupant .
tr	O	He started toward Lem , but Bill grabbed his arm , pulling him into the bedroom .
tr	I	Her annoyance with his defensive , abrasive attitude recently already tipped the anger scale , and he 'd have laughed her right into a raging fit .
tr	O	His neck may be bruised , but I have no sense of anything broken .
tr	O	Instead , he kept his distance , but the venom in his voice couldn 't be missed .
tr	I	We watched and he sighed .
tr	I	Autumn smacked her butt as she went past and Summer followed , making kissy faces at her .
tr	O	Clary tried to reach the dagger in her belt , but Luke 's grip on her arm was too strong .
tr	O	She got under my skin somehow , and I couldn 't get her out .
tr	I	I hated myself ... and then I saw the empty bottle in my hand .
tr	I	Me enveloped in an awkward silence and Gage takes off , leaving Logan .
tr	I	I know eventually she will fall asleep , but the act soothes both of us slightly .
tr	I	Her makeup was streaked , and her eyes were red .
tr	O	I hired an attorney in Cancun and he filed the papers .
tr	I	Honestly , it would take too long at this point , but I eyed the small propane camping stove in the corner .
tr	I	His landing zone disappeared from view and he took a few steps back .
tr	O	He could have done so at any time , easily , and you 'd still be wondering where I 'd got to .
tr	O	Tommy sat up and Evie slumped beside him .
tr	I	That didn 't stop me and I knew people could die .
tr	I	The insistent pounding on my door kept me from going back to sleep , but I didn 't want to get out of bed .
tr	I	I , a foolish girl , believed him and he once had told me to trust him .
tr	I	I can 't move , but my heart pounds .
tr	I	There wasn 't a thing he could do about it , and he was going through the motions of his life .
tr	I	My life is worse , but I wanted to object .
tr	O	When she reached the top , a faint breeze stirred her clothes , and she could feel the coolness of her drying sweat .
tr	O	He waited until her cries became more sporadic and she placed her weight back on the ground .
tr	I	To her they were nothing , but they were the last remnants of home .
tr	O	he pointed and McBride could see that the frame was quite loose in the wall .
tr	I	In the oversize rocking chair , her petite form looked even smaller , and Holiday pulled her knees up .
tr	O	My arm burned where his fingers dug into my skin , but he refused to answer me .
tr	I	Her smile turns wry , and she glances at me .
tr	I	I am not going to tell her until we have sorted out our lives and she does not know about you .
tr	O	I don 't fully understand it , but now we can use them to guide us correctly .
tr	I	Then Persephone stood in the doorway , and footsteps moved softly in the hallway .
tr	O	It had been a hurried affair , without his usual finesse , but the blood still raced through his body with a potent force .
tr	I	The sun would have finally caught up to him too , so he withdrew , but he said he wanted to explore .
tr	I	Beads of sweat rolled down her fat face , and she gripped the sides of the kitchen table .
tr	O	The horrible smell penetrates the forest and we 're forced to cover our mouths as we run for the car .
tr	O	I 'd made a choice and now I was about to pay for it .
tr	I	The grey eyes were dark pools of torment and Hal slowly rolled his head back towards Karen .
tr	O	He saw the tension in her features , and he knew she was not thinking clearly .
tr	O	He pulled a lever , turned something , and the faint rumble turned into a pleasant roar as the transport leapt forward .
tr	O	She always considered herself rather plain , but lately she had been getting compliments .
tr	I	The river trade with New Orleans left the Fox as a bit of a backwater , and they founded their new city at Kaskaskia .
tr	O	Sarah 's thought fell on the silence in the gentlest way but its echo boomed like a cannon inside Seth 's altered consciousness .
tr	I	Your strength is gone and you 're fevered .
tr	O	It wouldn 't change what had happened and it wouldn 't bring John back .
tr	O	He saw too much , and she still didn 't want to talk about it .
tr	O	I giggle at her mishap , but she doesn 't get up .
tr	O	The driver turned brusque the car to left , who exceeded the regulation speed , and I woke up on my colleague .
tr	I	He narrowed his eyes at the man , and Leo 's lips parted fractionally in surprise .
tr	I	Mike pushed us along slowly , causing barely a ripple , and just our faces were out of the water , though .
tr	O	Yes , she was beautiful , but her beauty wore thin beneath the layer of ice she walked around in .
tr	I	We got out and he pulled over to the side of the drive .
tr	O	I know that they 're divorced and yet here they are .
tr	O	Grandmother had her opinion about her and Mia knew it won 't change .
tr	O	The sucking stopped and everything fell still .
tr	I	She picked it up from the passenger seat beside her , and her cell phone buzzed .
tr	O	Martin unsuccessfully tried to suppress a laugh , and Jenny shot an annoyed look his way .
tr	I	Now she felt like doing it every freaking day , and she 'd held off crying for twelve years .
tr	I	She cried out , and he shook her .
tr	I	When I find out , they are going to fucking pay , but I have no idea who the fuck came into our home .
tr	I	It was wrong , and Taking was taking .
tr	I	The bat 's head rolled to the floor , and Emmanuel slashed out with his short sword .
tr	O	Smashing them on the floor brought a wave of freedom , and for the first time since the funeral , he began to relax .
tr	I	Zach walked in and she had read only the first few paragraphs when the front door opened .
tr	O	There was a red-haired girl sitting next to him , and from her body language she found Derek more interesting than her pizza .
tr	O	The silence lengthened , and still he didn 't speak .
tr	I	I sputter out a relieved cry because it 's not James , and from the profile I can see it 's an old man .
tr	O	As time went on , he saw Kelly spiraling downward , but he was too hurt to be much comfort .
tr	O	He twisted at the waist to reach for the cooler lid and I tugged on his outstretched leg .
tr	O	I checked to see if she fell asleep , but her eyes were open .
tr	I	Light flooded through the doorway , and it wasn 't .
tr	O	If he hurried ahead , the scanner could lose its link , and he 'd have to search for it again .
tr	O	The great hall had stood since the time of Edward III and it first came into Stafford hands in Duke Humphrey 's time .
tr	I	The vampire had nearly ripped out his throat , but he had fought .
tr	O	My wolf was ready and my partial change into my Lycan form was almost instantaneous .
tr	O	My jaw quivers , and I hate it .
tr	O	A chorus of happy birthdays went up and we raised our bottles .
tr	I	They all faded into the background , but the hallway was filled with students .
tr	O	I listened for it again , but nothing happened .
tr	O	I asked as he pulled me into his lap and I wrapped my arms around his bare shoulders .
tr	I	She heard the question behind his joke , and Rena 's laughter fell away .
tr	O	Jessamine turned to run , but she had gone only a few steps when one of them seized her , lifting her off the ground .
tr	I	There was nothing I could say and I had no voice .
tr	O	Aiden looked at me and my stomach stopped twisting .
tr	I	They were just as separated as ever , but instead fate had simply switched their places .
tr	I	I still appreciated it , but I went flying .
tr	I	Mack smiled back and Mary Jo smiled .
tr	I	She should be grateful for the time they 'd shared , and she was lucky he 'd helped her out when she needed it after the accident .
tr	O	I wasn 't exactly sure how he was going to do it , but it was possible .
tr	O	We strolled down the beach , and as we neared the house , we moved away from the water 's edge , into the softer sand .
tr	O	I know I didn 't changer her , but I feel responsible for what happened to her nonetheless .
tr	O	I think he knows , but he can 't know .
tr	O	I had no idea what was inside , but I was beginning to feel it was the wealthy person 's equivalent of a syringe full of bleach .
tr	O	He grinned at me , and I returned the gesture .
tr	O	He was a good man , but his body slowly betrayed him .
tr	O	The bony fingers were strong enough to hurt , but to pull away might suggest rejection .
tr	O	He tried to put his hard hat on her , but it kept slipping off .
tr	O	Another tentacle swipes for me , and I drop to my stomach .
tr	O	He did not think of himself as a prima donna , but he had taken the star 's room for the privacy .
tr	I	Then people appear on it , but at first it 's blank .
tr	I	Elaina 's back was to it , but a few gasps rang out as others took notice .
tr	I	Her face was pale and her eyes were wide .
tr	I	They looked as if they 'd tear her limb from limb , given half a chance , but they weren 't nearly as large as they sounded .
tr	I	I became acutely aware that people were staring at us , and we were starting to approach some more populated parts of the beach .
tr	I	One had a gun , but they couldn 't walk a straight line .
tr	O	Magnus got up , and with one last look started to walk .
tr	I	You can save the kingdom , but you cannot save this tired old body .
tr	I	The pain makes this easy , and I try not to think .
tr	I	The tumors were now in the lungs , and they had removed most of her stomach .
tr	I	Now he gave it the last thing he had , and Beorn 's eyes explored the beauty of the land .
tr	I	You all know the rest of the story and I 'm pretty sure she took his breath away .
tr	I	Lori walked into her embrace and Nikki held out her arms .
tr	I	The searing behind her eyes would ease , and it would be dark soon .
tr	I	They crossed the wheel tracks some distance behind them and he had misjudged the progress the wagons had made .
tr	I	Both had been studying to become mages , and they had shared a couple of classes .
tr	O	He flashed his smile and I did dumb things .
tr	O	McKenzie glanced up at Byron and her hard-won calmness instantly evaporated .
tr	I	I am surprised to see the glint of anger in her expression , and my eyes glance up to Olivia .
tr	O	Gerald obeyed her without question and Lara studied the first snake head .
tr	I	The window wasn 't but it was locked .
tr	O	My eyes opened , but I saw nothing .
tr	I	Thankfully they produced no children , and Husband Two was an older man .
tr	I	Although it took some time , they were doable , and the requests that Isaiah passed along were all well-chosen .
tr	O	I 'd done that very thing last night , mainly because I was bored out of my mind and there hadn 't been anything good on TV .
tr	I	Jacob runs toward us and entering he rises quickly .
tr	O	I snorted and my laughter drew his attention .
tr	O	This may very well be his last chance , and he was not leaving until he saw her .
tr	O	Maybe we should double back ... But the voices were shouting in the forest behind them .
tr	O	Even as she looked up at him , she felt his body 's reaction to their closeness and her pulse skyrocketed .
tr	I	In Cheyenne , the Lassiter name was damn near legend and they 'd put their stamp on Wyoming .
tr	O	Nate captured her mouth once again and another round of applause broke out .
tr	O	Blowing my mind and rocking my world .
tr	I	The smile slipped , and her eyes widened .
tr	I	I got to see the platform party and the cameras panned across the stage .
tr	I	Another part was appalled at her own sensual curiosity , but a part of her felt strangely disappointed .
tr	I	He seemed to enjoy her company , and she knew he found her attractive .
tr	O	You left here after I told you where she was and she 's not answering her phone .
tr	O	Physically , I resembled my mother , but when given proper motivation , I could do a decent impression of my paternal grandmother .
tr	O	The creature opened its mouth to moan , but before it could make a sound , Kevin pulled the trigger twice .
tr	O	It took off , and I hated it .
tr	O	We were staying in the Burj Al Arab hotel and I was not prepared for what I was about to see .
tr	I	Her face creased with concern , but Phoebe smoothed her hand over the baby 's head with obvious affection .
tr	I	I cut him off , but he started .
tr	I	I 'm still holding on , but by morning , my fingers are sore .
tr	O	He 's been a good boy his whole life , and I 'm proud .
tr	O	Cooper Industries ' year-on-year profit rose by 110 % and most of that profit came from their chemical business .
tr	I	He just kept going until she was where he wanted her , and she followed him , mad as a wet hen from what he says .
tr	O	I don 't belong at parties like this , and I certainly don 't belong with Nate Thornhill .
tr	O	His brown eyes twinkled and I knew I was in trouble .
tr	I	He jerks the bedroom door open and his fingers wrap around the doorknob .
tr	I	He didn 't know how to stop her and an awful premonition told him she was on a collision course with disaster .
tr	I	He nudges my collar from my neck with his nose and his hands fall to my hips .
tr	I	There was an easy way to test that , but I supposed she thought I 'd freak out .
tr	O	They shouted with delight when they saw me , and both came to give me a hug .
tr	I	He was determined to enjoy himself despite Robert 's sour mood and he wanted to go .
tr	O	The cry brought Bilbo 's heart to his mouth , but still he held on .
tr	O	The scissors , manufactured for show , are dull , and I have trouble getting the blades through the ribbon .
tr	O	My gut hurts from laughing so hard , and I 'm sure hers does , too .
tr	O	She wasn 't close to her sister , and the two of them shared that house .
tr	I	They felt stupidly heavy , almost sealed together , but I struggled to open my eyes .
tr	O	This was her Path , and she had to follow it to the end , whatever that might be .
tr	I	They had to finish their search and the two couldn 't help Brown .
tr	O	I sat up right , still on edge , glancing at my alarm clock , nine a.m. Harper sat up , but I pushed her back down .
tr	O	Her jerked as if she 'd struck him , but to his credit , he pulled himself together .
tr	I	That was just as firm as any other wall , but he tried to make his hand go through another part of the wall .
tr	I	I 'm excited to see you , and I get us a nice hotel room in the city .
tr	I	I averted my eyes , and the map zoomed in .
tr	I	She focused on the match and to avoid that , she started to get her mind straight .
tr	O	He knew his father needed his help , and his father was a good man .
tr	O	He asks and I nod .
tr	I	The divorces hadn 't dimmed her hopes , but Poor choices , to be true .
tr	I	Even the change in my tone did not move her , but I sounded so gentle , so quiet .
tr	I	This time it was Taylor and the door open again .
tr	O	The question had come from my lips , but it wasn 't me who 'd spoken .
tr	O	It looked like a regular medicine bottle but I remember thinking it was odd that there was no label on it .
tr	I	The plane flew overhead and they all ran into the foliage .
tr	I	Julie whacked him again with the crowbar , and Pete started to stir .
tr	O	He had some help and they pulled a switcheroo .
tr	O	The day was going to be full of exciting work and I didn 't want to wait .
tr	O	I drank mine slowly , feeling the liquid burn down my throat and my body relax .
tr	I	He didn 't answer but I called Henry .
tr	I	I wanted to punch him , and he looked at me with a short smile , his eyes looking beady in his fat face .
tr	I	My challenge in the near future is to deceive them without letting them know they are being deceived , and I anticipate all of the above .
tr	O	He pulled out the BlackBerry again and she wanted to grit her teeth .
tr	O	I turned towards him , expecting him to be upset by my accusation , but he was smiling .
tr	O	Give it a month and it 'll be legal .
tr	I	Someone was asking me questions , and I heard strong , no-nonsense commands from a voice that sounded like my dad .
tr	I	Anything was possible , but I doubted it .
tr	O	I knew he had suffered , and I didn 't like it .
tr	O	He hadn 't been at the gym on the days I 'd gone and I had been too numb to care .
tr	O	This is not an arrest , but rather you are being placed in a custodial situation .
tr	I	Now his features resembled those of an Incan mummy , but the man 's eyes remained frozen in an absent gaze of horror .
tr	I	You don 't know me , and I don 't know you .
tr	O	The Law is hard , but it is the Law .
tr	O	The breeze was steady , and the blackness of the sky was softened by cloud cover .
tr	I	They turned to each other as if in challenge , and the two men had spoken at the same time .
tr	O	He kept on , still no one within sight , but the hospital was still far off .
tr	O	It had been a long night , and every one decided it was time to go home .
tr	O	I wanted her to look at me , suddenly , but I would be damned if I asked her to .
tr	I	Another begun , and another relationship ended .
tr	I	I 'd half expected her to , and she didn 't complain at all .
tr	O	She gently closes my mouth and I have to stop breathing .
tr	I	We did take a walk on the beach , but we didn 't end up stopping for dessert .
tr	I	It is not news to him , but Curtis understands everything Jones is saying .
tr	I	I 'd been living at Auntie 's since my mother 's death , but we were maybe thirteen at the time .
tr	I	When my mind pushed past the screaming of my nerves , I realized I was laying on top of Samson , and I lost a few seconds .
tr	O	He thought about getting a sausage biscuit , but he didn 't want to spend any more money yet .
tr	O	That 's what I really wanted to ask , but I knew that was out of the question .
tr	I	She cuts me off but I start to protest .
tr	I	She didn 't stop , but Graham called after her .
tr	O	he asks it so casually , but his tone portrays the mere opposite .
tr	I	His heart went still and there was a moment of hesitation .
tr	O	His strength ebbed , and he could barely hold himself up .
tr	I	Crawling down towards them in the dark sounded worse than her nightmares ; and there was no way to get out .
tr	O	His jaw was locked and his eyes were hard .
tr	I	I see her body get stiff and her eyes go over my shoulder .
tr	O	He reached for me , but I edged away .
tr	I	Althea lay back against her pillows as if sleeping , and the art table no longer stood in the way .
tr	I	He kissed away my doubts , and he kissed away the Tunnels .
tr	O	She responds to my gesture and we move out of the lab .
tr	O	I wish I 'd had time to fix it , but it just wasn 't possible .
tr	O	The kid released the rifle he held and it dropped from his hands to the pavement .
tr	O	I still had to deal with the new Sunday School class and as you know , I hate new Sunday School classes .
tr	O	He hadn 't anticipated my doing such a dangerous maneuver at the last possible second , and he couldn 't follow me in time .
tr	I	I saw something flicker in their depths , and Edward 's eyes were locked on mine .
tr	O	He could barely see from between his attackers , and then noticed the mall drifting away from him .
tr	O	I feel his lips on mine and the only thing I can do is respond .
tr	O	Not that he would have admitted it to anyone , but he was actually starting to feel a bit scared .
tr	I	His home was now gone , and too many centuries had passed .
tr	I	Now I was dealing with a totally different subject , and I had started weeks earlier trying to learn about French explorers .
tr	I	I want him to and he doesn 't understand .
tr	I	She smiles at him and he takes it from her .
tr	I	She was still wearing her t-shirt but he wanted to kiss her breasts .
tr	I	He pressed his mouth to mine , fingers knotting in my hair , drawing me against him and his brilliant blue eyes dropped to my lips again .
tr	I	He thrust forward and the muscles of Jett 's rock hard torso tightened .
tr	O	Those large expressive green eyes that haunted my dreams locked on me and she stumbled .
tr	O	Name aside , he liked the crossbow , and it had long been broken in .
tr	O	She seemed stoked to work with people who weren 't pompous idiots , though , and I was happy I could help her out .
tr	O	He was not on assignment in Sappho , and there had been no eight armed terrorists .
tr	O	he asked , and he stroked my breast .
tr	O	He 'd been agonizing over the details of Mr. Hall 's death , and he was trying to puzzle it out .
tr	I	He 's mowing down all who come too close and one of his hands has turned into a steel scythe .
tr	O	There was movement at my side , and I looked to the spot where the toe of a heeled boot tapped my thigh .
tr	O	I had little under an hour and I was freaking out a little .
tr	I	His effect on women was something he largely took for granted , but he wasn 't vain .
tr	I	I couldn 't hide in his shadow forever like a coward , and the ties had to come off .
tr	O	She might not know what it meant , but I would .
tr	I	The less likely she was to spill his secrets , and the more he kept her home , the more control he had over her .
tr	I	It 's finer than that , but they say it 's sand .
tr	O	The light exploded , and she was gone .
tr	O	Sometimes , in breeding , there was kissing , but with her , his whole body caught fire .
tr	O	He often went to the library and if he particularly liked a book he would look out for it at a boot sale .
tr	O	Opening night went well and the audience was appreciative .
tr	O	It would take work , but they 'd get things running smoothly before long .
tr	I	It was confusing , but he was doing his best to figure out all the intricacies of Lexie 's desires .
tr	I	I could hear messages coming in and he was still playing on his phone .
tr	I	His duty just might have a few fringe benefits and he was supposed to keep an eye on her .
tr	I	She loved it and she was good .
tr	I	Words wouldn 't form but he tried to speak .
tr	I	The words made no sense but beside me I heard conversation .
tr	I	I have to take a slow breath before I speak and my heart sinks inside my chest .
tr	O	The chaos within the elevator slowed with every second ticking past , and Paul was able to get a better handle on his environment .
tr	O	She made a mistake that she 'll have to live with for the rest of her life , but she did love him .
tr	I	Yeah , I want to show off for her , and it 's what I 'm good at .
tr	I	Sometimes it was the demons whispering their lies , and sometimes he could think clear .
tr	O	Soon enough we were in the new part of the funeral home , and the director was showing us Helen .
tr	I	Evan rushed back up the stairs , sliding his arm behind me to prop me up , and Sara screamed out .
tr	O	His fingers showed her where the switch was , and when it was safely pointed toward the floor , he slid the switch on .
tr	I	We 'd come back , right But they would both be so hurt ?
tr	I	Stately music filled the room , and the crystal music sphere sparkled in the brass holder .
tr	I	Sam saw that although his coloring must come from his father , his smile was all his mother 's , and the boy grinned at him .
tr	I	The sarcophagus would power up and this would allow enough radiation to escape to generate heat which would be captured by thermocouples , converted into electricity .
tr	I	In the blink of an eye , they were around the corner from the St. John , and his hand linked with hers .
tr	I	His is a tired smile , but he returns the smile .
tr	O	My body had started responding to the fantasies I 'd allowed it and I berated myself for mentally going there .
tr	I	I fight to tamp them down and I feel the early stirrings of jealousy in my belly .
tr	O	Having beautiful daughters is nice , I suppose , but they do attract a certain amount of attention .
tr	O	He groaned loudly in response , and the sound sent heat flowing through her body .
tr	I	That large table was too formal for Kate tonight , but her mother preferred to eat every night in the dining room .
tr	O	I figured it must be almost that time , and I went inside .
tr	O	He raises his eyebrows at me , and then his gaze travels toward the tabletop .
tr	O	Before they could talk further , the door swung open and Marika 's father stumbled into the room , wheezing , out of breath .
tr	I	My life as the Royal Prince would still not be affected , and why , the whole of England could be washed under the sea .
tr	I	She couldn 't even make it out the door , but she should be thinking about going back to America .
tr	O	The very high , very thin clouds filtered the sun and there were no deep shadows .
tr	I	That is adventure and don 't forget the most important fact !
tr	O	The light changed , and she stepped off the curb into the street .
tr	I	The sun was already gone , darkness driving out the streaks of vibrant color , and it had been exhausting .
tr	I	If I 'm honest , I believe her , but I say , trying to be cynical .
tr	I	Luna looked somewhat startled to hear it , and he 'd thrown that last bit in .
tr	O	He needs something and they pull in .
tr	I	He didn 't say anything about that , but Noah already knew the Niners had won .
tr	O	It sent a flood of emotions through me , and I forced myself to remember my mission here .
tr	O	Madness implies that things are abnormal , and if things are abnormal then you cannot predict what will happen no matter how hard you try .
tr	I	Payton tried to take the opportunity to land a clean hit on Lea 's face with a right straight , and Lea 's guard was beaten open .
tr	O	He was very tall , but his height was due to his lanky legs that were too long for his body .
tr	O	I started thinking about who could have told Black John - and I kept getting this flash of Sean the first time I saw him .
tr	O	Connie is here , sitting in a chair , but someone else is too .
tr	O	Her brow furrowed and she spoke sternly .
tr	I	I recognized the one from the ranch and a few police officers were standing around .
tr	I	He must know now but I never told him .
tr	I	She could not see anyone , but as she reached the ground floor she could see that the platform was lit with the usual spotlights .
tr	O	I was sort of kidding about that , but she took it to heart .
tr	I	I know my brother , but he may have said he was going to kill you .
tr	O	She started to move from the room , but Max stopped her .
tr	O	My aunt is a nurse , and sometimes she 's called away for an emergency night shift .
tr	O	He laughed like I had gotten off a good joke , opened the door for me , and I slid into the second seat .
tr	O	He received the priceless gift , and I the prize beyond price .
tr	O	Jared 's heart skipped a beat and he swallowed hard .
tr	I	She wasn 't here so she didn 't know where you were , but so I called Evie .
tr	I	I look around wildly , and the voice startles me .
tr	I	She considers concealing herself higher again and Heat crawls up her cheeks .
tr	O	I needed to be needed by him and he needed to be needed by me .
tr	O	She was still some distance from the site , moving toward him , yet the malevolence the creature was projecting made her physically ill .
tr	O	It was jade colored just like this one , but one of the symbols was an amber color .
tr	O	He inched his body toward mine and I immediately felt his heat .
tr	O	He pulled her head down , and she could no longer resist .
tr	O	Billions of pills are made each month around the world , and there are just too many to test .
tr	I	Every shop had already closed but Amy spun round seeking escape .
tr	I	Tarik wasn 't quick to forgive , but he stopped fighting .
tr	I	They race through the subterranean network towards the steam plant and Jim , in the driver 's seat , flips it on .
tr	I	I spit it back into my cup instead of spewing it all over the floor and the warm coffee catches in my throat .
tr	O	No one was in the hallway but she knew the house was full .
tr	O	It took a while to gain their trust , but eventually we started making progress .
tr	I	Still a sharp chill hung in the air , but the weather had turned brighter as winter waned .
tr	O	I might have left then , but as I said , I detest cruelty in any form .
tr	I	I almost collapsed from the relief surging through me , and she rested her hands on my chest .
tr	I	She shook her head , and I bit my lip .
tr	O	Cassie has to die or my family dies .
tr	I	Nothing I 'd said had convinced him otherwise , but I was wil ing to bet Logan 's secret wasn 't nearly as horrible as that .
tr	I	All of the supplies Adelia had prepared were right there , yet it was like opening the way to a giant pit .
tr	I	Mercilessly slammed his head repeatedly into the ground , and I pounced on him , straddling his chest .
tr	I	He threw his hands up in question and Chris ' heart leapt to a gallop .
tr	I	It was as if my arm had been ripped off and she was only eleven at the time .
tr	I	I sit on the other , and we settle on the couch with Callie on one side .
tr	I	In the background , Rachel could hear the soft sighs from those who stared at the two of them , and he squeezed her to him .
tr	I	My heart was pounding so hard it hurt , and every muscle in my body was strung tight .
tr	O	He had to support most of his weight on his arms , but his feet moved when he told them to .
tr	I	The army behind it surged silently forwards like a giant , black wave , and then it made the tiniest of gestures with its free hand .
tr	O	He was not as good as some of the guards at disguising his emotions , but he had gotten better at it over the years .
tr	I	As we reach the street , he moves closer to me , and I hold Henry tight .
tr	O	The lighting was minimal , giving it a calming ambiance , and it was packed to the brim .
tr	I	It never occurred to him that others did not share that view , and he thought himself the best of good fellows .
tr	I	After seven spells , I could barely keep Vlad from leaving me , but any other man would be madly , irrevocably in love with me .
tr	I	Quite often it was also definitely about sex , but it was about food .
tr	O	There was only one thing Seth Masterson hated more than losing , and that was being reminded of losing .
tr	O	My phone starts to vibrate in my pocket and the sound brings me out of my daze .
tr	I	Then it faded , but she almost smiled .
tr	O	We were in Egypt , as were our people long ago , and as they did , we came home .
tr	I	He didn 't bother to push it back , but his hair hung in his face .
tr	O	He issued a command , but it was almost a request .
tr	I	It took everything I had to remain still , and rage burned through me , setting me on fire .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure he wanted her to leave yet , and he didn 't know if she was in a hurry .
tr	I	He was mine , and he was here .
tr	O	If I took just one step forward I would be in his arms and my naked body would be crushed against his .
tr	O	I pinch the back of her leg again and she jumps , letting out a squealing laugh .
tr	I	It would kil , but it wouldn 't be a precise hit , not at this angle .
tr	I	She cautioned herself against judging too quickly , but Jane thought Marjory looked perfectly competent still .
tr	O	I 've seen very few drakes in my time , but this creature looked downright ill if you ask me .
tr	I	The fear on their faces was obvious , and they 'd lost all of their colour .
tr	O	That was a perfect ball and I missed it .
tr	O	The darkness hung about their shoulders and an icy breath came creeping up their backs .
tr	O	I looked around for a key but I did not see one .
tr	I	I quickly realize that she doesn 't understand English , but she 's very friendly .
tr	I	She nodded her head and he looked at her as if to ask permission .
tr	O	His face scrunched up and he grabbed his heart where the stake was .
tr	O	It hurt to breathe , and the smell was making her dizzy .
tr	O	A story came into her mind and Astrid shifted uncomfortably .
tr	I	I don 't know if I 'm ready for it and I don 't know what this is going to lead to .
tr	I	She couldn 't let her bitter feelings toward him soften , and she couldn 't forgive him for choosing money over her .
tr	I	He had a genuine sweetness that never failed to touch me , but the vacancy of his face detracted a bit from his looks .
tr	O	They were arguing what Mia should wear and they didn 't care really about her .
tr	I	I relaxed a bit and he kissed my neck .
tr	O	You have given us our hope and our belief in humanity once more .
tr	O	Devon pulled her into the shadows as the massive garage door slid open and the RV pulled into the daylight .
tr	O	It 's too dark to make out who 's standing there , but I easily recognize Rex 's voice .
tr	I	His eyes ordered her to remain still , but she began to move to stand up .
tr	I	I suddenly couldn 't remember the last time I ate , but I didn 't feel hungry .
tr	O	Angie thought about the tiny cottage on the wild , windswept coast , and a dozen treasured memories came to her , one after another .
tr	O	I really don 't know what his girlfriend Debbie thought about it ; but she didn 't seem to break ties with him 'cause of it .
tr	O	I could tell because the hallway began to clear out , and yet Jack remained quiet .
tr	O	They had contingencies in place , but as the end neared , the Messenger began to worry .
tr	O	All she had was her intuition and it was telling her that David was a good man .
tr	O	I was on edge all day long and my afternoon appointment with Stu couldn 't come fast enough .
tr	O	Joey sighed in relief and Leslie sagged against a folding closet door .
tr	I	That red was slowly fading , and his eyes were dark red .
tr	I	I go and my dad nudges me towards the door .
tr	I	He breathed again , and the nausea passed .
tr	I	Far below , Christmas lights twinkled endlessly , and I was above a smattering of clouds .
tr	I	She moved against him , parting her thighs for him , giving him easier access , and he cupped her center .
tr	I	His heart continued to pound in his throat , but he hugged his arms around the mount 's sweaty neck .
tr	I	She knew it , and David was right .
tr	O	The helmet feels strange , but as the ship trembles , it can 't block out my awareness of the beacons entirely .
tr	I	She didn 't turn to look at him again , but she could feel Devon 's gaze burrowing into her back .
tr	I	He shook his head , and a tear ran down the side of Taylor 's face .
tr	O	His hair fell into his face , but his gaze never moved from mine .
tr	I	She declined , but I 'd asked Ula on Wednesday if she wanted to go with us .
tr	O	It 's not a vast , sprawling estate and they have a vigorous residents association .
tr	O	They walked in silence , until she realized they were at the same spot Isaac and she had been earlier .
tr	O	He cleared his throat and it came out a little deeper .
tr	I	I held my ground , but his eyes bore into me .
tr	O	A loud popping sound rent the air as the joint was wrenched out of place and I was knocked on my ass .
tr	O	She inched past the second guard 's quadrant and now she was deep in the inner circle .
tr	O	She was winging it , going with her intuition , but that was all she had to work with .
tr	O	Charles is a leader and Andrew is a follower .
tr	I	They continue toward the waterfall , and the path forks .
tr	O	They 're very selective , and they take a lot of pride in paying top dollar .
tr	O	She had spotted Folly 's Glen some time before , and her urgency had wavered .
tr	I	What was more , it was locked , and it was closed .
tr	I	If you don 't mind , I would like to make one more wish , but it may be too late .
tr	I	All eyes were on Zoey , and the entire dining room froze .
tr	I	I smiled to see that he had gotten stuck on the same step I had , but the base cases were hard enough .
tr	I	A blond Sky Raider flew past them on a terracotta wolf and one of the iron sky gates on the side of the Nest swung open .
tr	O	Her eyes were bulging , and her fangs were glinting in the sunlight .
tr	I	I come from a distant place when I was a younger one and my days are running down .
tr	I	The arson was just a cover-up , and this was a theft .
tr	O	There was a crimson smear on his forehead , and beads of scarlet dotted his skin .
tr	I	No matter how you looked at it , the backyard privacy was nonexistent , but a few trees helped separate the space .
tr	O	I stare at her and she looks as bewildered as I am .
tr	O	Then she fluttered her eyelashes at him , and he wanted to strike her .
tr	O	Her breathing sounds fine and her color is coming back .
tr	O	My friend studies me some more , and I realize again how much of my life is in his hands .
tr	O	Grace couldn 't breathe as he repeated the cruel words , and she could only imagine what he must have felt when he heard them .
tr	O	The frigid March air hit Julia like a fist as they exited the station , and she recoiled , leaning into Lance .
tr	I	I gasped at the mansion that appeared before us and we rounded a curve .
tr	O	Then she felt Galen 's arms around her , and she realized that he was crying , too .
tr	I	She daubed her eyes and Clay quickly handed her a handkerchief .
tr	O	It 's just not fair that you have to provide everything essential for the kids and he just gets to have fun .
tr	I	She planned on taking full advantage and he was offering himself to her .
tr	I	We both know it , and that stupid , stupid kiss was my own doing .
tr	I	Then he licked her again , sending sweet sensations shooting through her body , and he shifted , moving closer .
tr	I	I had to , but pushing down what I 'd done probably wasn 't something therapists across the nation would suggest as a healthy practice .
tr	I	I decided not to , but I was going to go into the city to see Jordan .
tr	I	Our Storm Lord was worried , but I wasn 't sure why .
tr	I	Death seemed preferable to the pain they inflicted , but their venom wasn 't deadly .
tr	I	He wasn 't comfortable saying it , and Talon had something to tell her .
tr	I	She looked away , and her cheeks flushed .
tr	O	His hand twitched against the door , but he did not pull it away .
tr	O	Elliot had no experience with volcanic activity , but what he saw did not impress him .
tr	O	It referred in passing to the attachments and it was only much later that he had a spare moment to open them .
tr	I	She turned her attention to the spectacular sensation of soaring through the air and his soothing murmur , almost a caress , calmed her wild thoughts .
tr	I	They were too small to see through , but I pressed my eyes to the holes .
tr	I	He felt he had rights to every room in the place and it was his castle .
tr	I	She now understood why there were so many casualties and the country was built for defence , not attack .
tr	I	In a few moments the murmuring crowd quieted down , and Isaiah raised his hand to get everyone 's attention .
tr	O	It 's been that long since I got some ass , and the last guy used his tongue like he was a Roto Rooter man .
tr	I	John had done a good job with their camp this time and Maya frowned , thinking she .
tr	I	Nina nods , and Katrina asks .
tr	I	He wouldn 't say anything , but she tried getting Gary involved .
tr	I	The seasons began to blur , and they flipped through a few of the yearbooks .
tr	O	If they choose to believe you then they will gladly remove the pendants , but it 's still up to them to decide .
tr	O	I 'm sorry but all that we can offer him by getting him to a medical facility is more of what he has already endured .
tr	I	They were firmly locked but she pushed against them .
tr	O	Luke was giving me shit about checking out her ass , which I was , but I couldn 't help it .
tr	O	I didn 't even know it was , but I 'd responded to fear with anger .
tr	O	There was some reluctance , given the consensus view that Teatime belonged in a room with soft walls , but ten thousand dollars was ten thousand dollars .
tr	I	Then his lips pressed against my forehead , and I felt his jaw graze the top of my head .
tr	I	He looked up , confused by her violence , and the fog in his mind cleared at last .
tr	O	Her gaze lands on me , but it 's too dark to see her expression .
tr	I	She 's mine , but I may not be her father by blood .
tr	I	I pulled her into my arms to comfort her , but I felt my heart lurch at the words .
tr	I	I smiled at her and I was alert again .
tr	O	He was conscious that his writing was not as neat as August 's , and he found it difficult to keep on a straight line .
tr	O	The song was fast , but we didn 't care .
tr	O	She 'd probably invited Theresa because she liked her , and Don Grahame would be there because Jean would be .
tr	O	I watched him smile , and then he reached me .
tr	O	Get a little closer and you will find out .
tr	O	He sighed , and when he spoke he sounded sympathetic as well as harried .
tr	I	He knew that his role as wingman in this proposal plan was not be toyed with , but Clay 's brother might be a jokester .
tr	I	This month her turn came around to represent her office , and he would expect a report from the human resources department .
tr	I	She couldn 't bear being separated from her family and she lived in Ocean Isle .
tr	O	I felt victorious , but Trevor was unfettered .
tr	O	Fade didn 't try to touch me , despite our new understanding , and I was grateful .
tr	O	Stay where you are or you will be shot !
tr	O	Our hair falls away and nothing new grows to replace it .
tr	O	No matter what had gone down between us , he was still my friend , and I would miss him .
tr	I	The amber energy shield would be transparent , but both bodies were entrapped by Guardian magic .
tr	I	There 's nothing and I 've checked everything she owns .
tr	I	John gestured towards the door , and Kaia 's eyes widened .
tr	O	Don Antonio married his mother , and Jose has always resented his stepfather .
tr	I	It seemed foreign , yet it was so familiar here .
tr	I	She dances in a circle , pivoting around where I hold her and I haven 't even touched Mettle with it .
tr	I	The littering of acorns makes me move slowly and the old pavers are uneven .
tr	I	The next thing you know , Alec has signed his life away , and the recruiter will pal around with him to draw him in .
tr	O	Birgitte cried , and then we were engulfed in a swarm of fluttering creatures about six inches high .
tr	O	They would play together at marbles and he 'd let Edward win .
tr	O	We were going to have enough problems dealing with Madeline , Emery , and their giant guards .
tr	I	He missed her things surrounding his own , but he 'd never thought he would admit it .
tr	I	Soundproofing was only so good , but Shifter spaces were usually soundproofed .
tr	O	I 'm at a bar watching the Sox game and you 're on TV !
tr	O	She couldn 't say as much for the older one , and though she knew she shouldn 't care , she did .
tr	I	He was going to be just fine but the man looked a little rough around the edges .
tr	I	She 's just lost in that jungle and I know she is alive .
tr	O	He lunged again , but this time I did respond .
tr	O	His head lifted , eyes searching mine , and maybe he saw what I was thinking .
tr	O	A fountain of dirt exploded out of the hole , and Viktor felt a tremendous tidal wave of oncoming blackness .
tr	I	He couldn 't let that happen and Julian knew what Papa was thinking .
tr	I	She said she could not tell and again her father asked her where she got the golden egg .
tr	I	That means something , and she is still here .
tr	O	I wanted to ask Sulley about it , but I didn 't dare worry him anymore .
tr	I	Clung tighter to my leg and Ethan , however , wailed .
tr	I	Now somebody wants me to do worse things , to you and I have done bad things .
tr	O	He started to explain again about never calling her Addison , but the clerk was already talking again on the phone to Earl .
tr	O	She needed to get up but her muscles refused .
tr	O	Jack was obviously terrified , but he stood his ground .
tr	O	She was terrified , but not for the reasons they thought .
tr	O	Claudia had been baking with my mom so she didn 't know about those , but she knew I 'd been avoiding contact with him .
tr	I	There was no sign of the officer and Jackson looked back .
tr	I	Honestly I wasn 't interested , and I couldn 't tell with the streetlights reflecting on the glass .
tr	I	Now you 've come back to all this , and Heaven must have been wonderful .
tr	O	Rosie realized that she could see the window through the woman 's upper body , and she backed up until she was pressing hard against the wall .
tr	I	I watched her lush body as she made her way across the room , and she stood .
tr	I	It flickered to life and I touched the Wall .
tr	I	I spot some glossy mares grazing outside of their fence as well , but Sheep wander freely across the road , which isn 't so unusual .
tr	O	I know you say that you remember everything from before you were kidnapped , but you know I 'm a cynical bitch .
tr	O	They might be perfect for a business venture I have in mind , but I don 't know anything about them .
tr	I	Sam loved women ... and Women loved Sam .
tr	O	Jerry scared him to death but something inside refused to bend .
tr	I	His shoulders relax and a rueful smile twists his lips .
tr	I	He can 't talk back , but I can talk to him .
tr	I	He 'd remember , but it left no mark .
tr	O	My cheeks were wet with tears and my forehead rested against his chin .
tr	I	You 're right , but ordinarily I wouldn 't get involved .
tr	O	I would scream and she would counter with these perfect , logical arguments .
tr	O	She scooted closer to Quinlan and he slid an arm around her , holding her against him .
tr	I	I found myself biting my lower lip , but I should have been ready for bed .
tr	I	Like one you 'd see on TV , but it looks like a school 's gym locker room -- not the gym at my school .
tr	O	Nimrod could stay in his purse , but he 'd be a distraction .
tr	O	Her lips were trembling and tears flowed down her cheeks .
tr	O	I was raised with two brothers , and watching what I said was difficult .
tr	I	She was sure places changed , but it was as if the place were frozen in time .
tr	O	I 'm surprised he hasn 't shown up in front of me by now , or maybe he was smarter than his brother was .
tr	O	She scoffed , but the sound of a cell phone going off in another part of the house silenced her .
tr	O	Someone needed to carry the light , and Jake couldn 't do it alone .
tr	O	He banged on the door some more , and then Liam heard quick footsteps recede down the hall .
tr	I	His caution paid off , and he moved on toward the gates of the inner bailey , still wary .
tr	O	The door is wide open and leaves are blowing in across the floor .
tr	O	It makes me feel like such a bad person , but then again , that 's who I am anymore .
tr	O	She was my only female companion besides Adda , but I hadn 't seen much of her lately .
tr	I	I lean my weight into her , shoving her into the doorframe , and the woman is knocked a little back , her hand releasing my face .
tr	O	Even though I 'd barely known him for two days , he seemed like a dependable kind of jerk , and at least that was something .
tr	I	Without hesitation he raised the lever to its full extent and Taylor stepped on the gas pedal to increase engine power .
tr	O	The clatter of metal on the ground drew her attention , and she saw that the Imperial 's sword had fallen when Max staked him .
tr	I	She was tipsy with only half a glass and the bubbly liquid plus nothing to absorb the alcohol immediately went to her brain .
tr	I	Her eyes stabbed him with a million daggers , but Miss Ankles said nothing .
tr	O	He settled back down on the couch , and I joined him .
tr	O	He had to be somewhere close and Austen was determined to find him .
tr	I	At least the goal was clear , but he didn 't believe it would actually work .
tr	I	Nothing came , but as we walked , I struggled for the right thing to say .
tr	O	She looks at me , and I can see in her eyes that she 's afraid .
tr	I	Of course that was a ridiculous notion , but Ivan felt like the man was doing a background check on him .
tr	O	She was almost to the main door when it opened and a small group of officers walked in .
tr	I	With it every last shred of hope Emma had left , and rawlings had torn the marriage contract in half .
tr	O	They spoke for the first time and the emptiness shook violently at their words .
tr	I	Byron were the perfect couple , anyway , even long before Meredith and it wasn 't like Ella .
tr	O	I understood his need to confess , but I 'd latched on to the first thing he 'd said .
tr	I	A second voice got on the line , and there was rustling on the other end .
tr	I	At least people received a fair wage for a day 's work , but it wasn 't like the prosperity of the twenties .
tr	O	One of Sam 's favorite activities is to practice his kick boxing , and as his occasional sparring partner , I 've learned a few moves .
tr	I	She hadn 't touched it in years , but the velvet was worn on top ; that was how often she 'd held it .
tr	I	Having had to shoot Alessia had made her vulnerable , and her plan was not going as she had thought .
tr	I	It is only natural that they would consider a vampire a threat and when you first turn , instincts are very hard to control .
tr	O	I knew I should have stayed fixed to the seat , but I sat up as the Hellion jumped from the car .
tr	O	She 's not looking at him , though , or at me I notice with bitterness .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure Cora believed that , but I felt like he was out there .
tr	O	Drums rumbled , and men died .
tr	O	It was clear for a bit , but she could see rear lights in all three lanes about a half mile ahead .
tr	I	He also knew he couldn 't give her up but he knew they still had a ways to go .
tr	O	I held her next to me , keeping my dick away , but still keeping her close enough that she felt safe .
tr	I	She would fight his nature at every turn , and this was a woman of freedom , strong for a mortal .
tr	I	It 's all the more violent because they were once best friends , and these two have been building a grudge match for more than a year .
tr	O	The tables were all bare again , the librarian having finished her cataloguing , and the room once again looked like a place of sanctuary .
tr	I	I felt them , their power , but sooty lashes hid his eyes .
tr	I	She smiled knowingly and Agatha 's bent fingers touched the bracelet .
tr	I	I guess I 've never looked into it , but I presume this to be uniform throughout the disjoint nation .
tr	O	she shrieked , taking the hunters ' attention and before he could move a muscle , she slid to a halt in front of him .
tr	I	They could not have possibly consummated it yet , but they may have married .
tr	O	The receptionist had buzzed him to say that she 'd arrived and he wanted to be there to receive her when she got to his floor .
tr	I	They 'd agreed to start over and she 'd cleared the air between them .
tr	O	Dr. Redding seemed to notice , and he smiled .
tr	I	Matthew boarded the train with Bax , and the conductor took their tickets .
tr	O	It would be generations before the islands scars healed and it once again became the jewel of the Caribbean .
tr	O	She thought she saw his chest move , but she heard nothing .
tr	I	I 'm guessing he is disappointed that there really is no bikini , but I can 't read the expression in his eyes very well .
tr	O	Both hurt , but the pain was nothing like it had been .
tr	I	It creaked and I gently pushed on the door .
tr	I	Her parents converted it to an inn , but this used to be her grandparents ' house .
tr	O	It still did , and the pain of watching her die wasn 't lessened by learning the real story behind her warmth .
tr	I	The return of the cold wind has us gripped together tightly but the sun is shining .
tr	O	She came back out in a few minutes with a box and she put it in Susan 's trunk .
tr	O	I 'm sick and I 'm tired .
tr	I	Let 's be honest , I don 't like groups , but we were supposed to separate into groups of four .
tr	I	I looked at her , and mom laughed at something David said .
tr	O	Her mouth dropped opened in an audible sigh and he was lost .
tr	O	The view beyond the school 's walls beckoned and she leaned forward happily , settling her elbows on the marbled top of the balustrade .
tr	O	I 'd love to move on , but I 'm not sure how .
tr	I	She covered her stomach with both hands and her eyes widened in surprise .
tr	O	This was his first voyage on the Challenger and it was something of an honor to be asked to dine at the captain 's table .
tr	I	She stifled a smile and Amelia felt a burning excitement seep to the surface .
tr	O	One minute into the fight , and it didn 't look like Lea was doing as well as people thought .
tr	O	Staves rapped as Ham engaged her , and despite her size , Vin held her own .
tr	O	Tonight was the most normal evening I 'd had in a long time , but it couldn 't last forever .
tr	O	The doors opened on the bottom floor , and she ran as fast as she could out of the hotel .
tr	O	Mary , I 'd like to smack him in the head , but at this point , he 'd probably take it as foreplay .
tr	I	As she fumbled excitedly with the envelope , she breathed in the heavily scented air , and she eventually found herself an arbour near the rose garden .
tr	I	The production schedule was planned to coincide with pending FAA approvals , and obtaining permits from one stage to the next occupied a great deal of time .
tr	I	She 'd kept at it but it 'd been exhausting just to watch .
tr	I	If it didn 't we were royally screwed ; and there was only one way to know whether the plan would work .
tr	O	I went to sit on my bed , straining to hear , but it was useless .
tr	O	They bounced slightly , reminding me of the cargo net at the fair , but they seemed strong enough to hold my weight .
tr	O	We didn 't call it depressed back then , but I 'm sure she had been .
tr	I	That same old sorrow was in her voice , and ' He died , ' she replied shortly .
tr	O	He smiled sweetly at me and I withdrew my hand quickly .
tr	O	Stacy understood the feeling of not fitting in all too well , but running had never made it better .
tr	I	Finally he just shook his head , but there were so many things Quinlan could have said .
tr	I	I could not handle her all day , but the lady is as sweet as pie .
tr	I	She rolled her eyes and her phone buzzed again .
tr	I	Those are the things you inherited from him , and there were good parts of Rex .
tr	O	She looked up at him and I saw something spark down deep in her eyes .
tr	O	It hurt to talk , but he knew he must .
tr	O	I could feed from her and it wouldn 't injure her .
tr	I	His sharp blue eyes didn 't miss much , but Three Walter Stanford was somewhere in his seventies .
tr	O	These demons have invaded this land , and they must leave .
tr	O	He arrived less than ten hours ago , and they had already labeled him a bad boy .
tr	I	She looked past his shoulder , and he saw she was shaking .
tr	I	She couldn 't stop them and tears fell down her cheeks .
tr	I	You said I was playing a game and I wore a boring dress the other night .
tr	I	His legs seemed to withdraw up into his head , and his head seemed to retract down into his belly .
tr	I	That was to be a great help to me later , and I suppose it was during that time that I started writing to friends in France .
tr	I	The lyrics were ironically upbeat , but the chords were minor , as if the song was meant to be sad .
tr	O	I used to be grateful to see Abe , but his perfection frightens me now .
tr	O	The big storm brought with it milder weather , but the evenings are still on the cool side .
tr	O	The Balti House on the ground floor was opening up in readiness for its evening customers , and the cooking smells wafted in through the open windows .
tr	O	To my credit , I recovered quickly however , and reached for the camera .
tr	I	The cool winds from the west rose intermittently , then dissipated , and an occasional cloud dimmed the moonlight .
tr	O	His chest tightened at such simple words , but they conveyed a heavy wealth of emotion .
tr	I	Kissed him back and * * * Lily slung her arm around Adrien 's neck .
tr	O	I wish that I had more control , but I cannot be alone like that , not ever again .
tr	I	He glared at me and Steve 's face dropped .
tr	O	The music started , and Isabella realized that the dance they were about to engage in was a waltz .
tr	O	Resigned to the damage that my confession has done , I put the Rover in drive and I pull back onto the highway .
tr	O	I tried to point out that we could use the machines , but he was having none of it .
tr	I	Julia walked to her gate and her flight number was called .
tr	I	Flung himself into the air , soaring upward and he took a pair of quick steps .
tr	I	This didn 't matter as well , but they were both dressed like the whites .
tr	I	He seems to get it , but I 'm not sure why I said that .
tr	I	Drake was speaking again , but Damen was about to tell the other man he did not need any kind of support considering his newfound wealth .
tr	I	I 'm back sitting on the sofa and I 'm still in James ' living room .
tr	I	I 'd never contacted him via a phone call before , and he couldn 't read my mind through the cell .
tr	O	I nearly thought I 'd sprout a tail of something , but I still had my two legs , swimming back up .
tr	I	It wasn 't pain , but it was like pain .
tr	O	She was the type of woman who could never fully be in the seat of power or her man would lose her .
tr	O	He could bury himself in his work , but what would be the point .
tr	O	I drew in a measured breath , then slowly and calmly released every molecule of air .
tr	I	There wasn 't a damn thing I could do about it , and he was going to hit me in the head .
tr	I	I nodded up at him , and he looked down at me with a questioning look .
tr	O	He 'd changed , and she no longer liked him ?
tr	I	The staff are friendly and the children are very well behaved .
tr	O	His hands shifted her , pulling her harder against him and one hand slid underneath the flannel shirt , finding the soft , delicate skin underneath .
tr	O	I went inside what appeared to be some kind of vestibule with nothing in it but a stone staircase winding upward .
tr	I	It seemed to have difficulty penetrating the shadows which surrounded the man , but he lifted the candle higher still .
tr	O	The projects weren 't completely finished , and killing me off shut them down , at least temporarily .
tr	O	She really needed someone to talk to -- now - but she resigned herself to the fact that she was just going to have to wait .
tr	I	My cheeks burned even hotter , and he chuckled at my expense .
tr	O	The Japanese Tea Garden isn 't big , but it makes up for its size with beauty .
tr	I	The blonde woman Clary had heard speaking excitedly at the Gard stepped forward , and there was a cry from the Nephilim .
tr	O	Eli had a longbow and Jed held a crossbow .
tr	I	They even listen to her , and Crazy stuff .
tr	I	That night they didn 't , but usually they had dinner beforehand .
tr	O	Fire explodes through my hand , and I shout as blisters form on my palm .
tr	O	Mr. Dean shuffled the flash cards before drawing the first one , and everyone was seated at their chairs to get the game started .
tr	O	There haven 't been any more reported demon attacks , but something is definitely stirring .
tr	O	That statement caught him off guard and he laughed .
tr	O	The bumping continued and the window began to rattle as a large branch banged repeatedly against the glass .
tr	O	They knew that this white warrior was there , but they couldn 't find him .
tr	O	Her explanation sounded convincing , and the knot in Kylie 's stomach relaxed .
tr	O	Anita had snuggled herself into Dean 's lap , and they were busy making up for lost time .
tr	I	He dug his feet in , and they tried to drag him toward the restraining chair .
tr	O	Her words were taunting , but her voice was gentle .
tr	O	This idiot thought there were no such things as ghosts and I 'm the one with my head up my butt ?
tr	O	Two weeks may have been a short time , but they were long enough to have hurt Prudence .
tr	O	Deacon turned his head toward me and I knew what he meant .
tr	O	Her fingers dig into my back , and I savor the feeling .
tr	I	Her cheeks turned an adorable shade of rose and his heart lifted when she smiled full on .
tr	I	The eyes narrowed again and there was a pause .
tr	I	They merit to someone ready her a lesson and however people like you maybe do it .
tr	O	Something about a soldier turning on his own , but I hadn 't the heart to listen .
tr	O	Skye 's voice shook slightly , but she continued on , resolute .
tr	I	She smiled at Lyssa and zoey eye 's twinkled .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure how much longer he was going to live , and the pain in his stomach was burning .
tr	I	I 'm bad at being good , but I 'm good at being bad .
tr	O	He wanted to say more , but the words didn 't come .
tr	O	A shout worked its way up through Hart 's throat , and he couldn 't stop it coming out of his mouth .
tr	I	It was so sweet , but it was a simple mundane action .
tr	O	I hadn 't seen the point then and I didn 't see it now .
tr	O	We assumed HIV caused AIDS , based on what Dr. Gallo had said , and that was it .
tr	I	He shook his head and Titus ' jaw tightened .
tr	I	She nodded her agreement and he smiled kindly at her .
tr	O	Alaina let out another breath , but it came out as a couple of sparks .
tr	I	The motion made her fall back under the waves , but Soul looked around .
tr	I	There was no answering sound from below , but she waited a long moment .
tr	I	She felt his body react swiftly and her fingers tentatively touched his hair .
tr	O	The flame disappeared into the air and Javier dove back into the tunnel .
tr	O	I smiled again - or I continued to .
tr	O	I looked up into her face , and she looked back down at me .
tr	O	She tried to turn away from him , but Ethan kept gently kept her upright as he touched her arms .
tr	I	I nod , and he asks .
tr	I	I met his eyes , and his head swung toward me as he went by .
tr	O	Sam hated the wary tone that had entered her voice but he might as well get it all out into the open .
tr	I	He was drowning , and now the economy was down .
tr	O	She 'd prayed he 'd forget , but the man was too canny .
tr	O	Connie is safe in her brothers ' keeping , yet Benjamin will stop at nothing to destroy her .
tr	I	I only joined him a week ago , but well , he 's been here longer .
tr	O	The cart bearing her was next , and then the Montgomery warriors fell in behind her as they rode into the spacious courtyard .
tr	O	Nina enjoyed her return to Tony 's , but I barely finished one slice of pizza before I felt too sick to stay .
tr	O	The old me would have vomited , but the new me has a harder stomach .
tr	O	Steven was gone , and she was married to someone else .
tr	O	He didn 't have a cell phone , and I had no idea where he went .
tr	I	Then I realize that I don 't want to , but I think about stepping out of his line of sight .
tr	O	It 's dark , and I can 't see exactly where we are .
tr	O	He was worried about her and it showed on his face .
tr	I	She continued , and he snorted .
tr	I	Clearly had continued their argument after I left them and they were both a little red in the face .
tr	O	I am seeing one thing that doesn 't exist anymore and I am seeing another thing that never , ever existed .
tr	I	He could see no joy , no relief , and his little sister 's wide , dark eyes took him in .
tr	O	Thick grey haze settled over them , and lightning flickered through the darkness .
tr	O	There was a short silence , and then she cleared her throat .
tr	I	I yanked him toward me , and my hands reached for his hair .
tr	O	Seth had shifted uncomfortably , but the reason was unclear .
tr	I	The pit bull was faintly audible over the roar , but the air conditioner was running .
tr	O	Marty was so proud of his blended concoctions that I drank at least one a week , but they tasted vile .
tr	I	She had insisted on meeting Ella and Mrs. Jackson was being wheeled around the grounds by her husband .
tr	O	Owen bristled at the condescension , but he began to relax his stance .
tr	I	Cyd introduced me to Tony , and I got a big hug .
tr	I	Her mouth is speaking and her eyes are glued to mine .
tr	I	She also knew that she had to leave , but she liked working at Stanford Enterprises .
tr	I	I saw Daemon in my head , and my eyes fluttered shut .
tr	I	Her vision dimmed and her eyelids fluttered .
tr	O	The centre figure was communicating something to his companion , who in turn , gave instruction to the guards , but there was no sound .
tr	O	I had my hands full with my mother 's illness and I needed every last penny your grandfather had given me .
tr	I	He went into the living room to prepare everything and she was cutting tomatoes .
tr	O	My eyes meet his , and I can feel the sting of my statement .
tr	O	There might be an additional recognition phrase , but he had no idea what it was .
tr	O	I wouldn 't say I think about it constantly , but basically I think about it pretty much a lot .
tr	O	Archer slips his arm around my shoulders , and I lean against him , my forehead pressing into his jaw as he comforts me .
tr	I	It can be quite painful , and it just makes you very weak .
tr	I	I drop with a lurch and my parachute cords cut .
tr	O	I looked past her , toward the hills , and her eyes darted along my line of vision .
tr	O	I told him what he wanted to hear , but I knew I wouldn 't call .
tr	I	The pain was getting worse and the sidewalk started to spin .
tr	O	I watch a lot of games on TV , but I 've never been in a real stadium on game night .
tr	I	It was a start , but it wasn 't much .
tr	O	Maybe we 'll be fortunate and Presley will follow your lead .
tr	O	Diana cried and Sonia jumped .
tr	I	That is just one of the things that makes me love him , and Damien makes me feel like the most beautiful woman in the world .
tr	I	I was cleared to go with an appointment for four weeks from now and the pregnancy was progressing well .
tr	I	As quickly as they appeared , the wolves disappeared , leaving the humans alone once more , but his own beast answered the call .
tr	I	Her arm wouldn 't move but she wanted to rub her forehead .
tr	I	She was kind of starting to like this guy , but she hated to admit it .
tr	I	Her breath felt heavy on my face , and her face was a mere inch from mine .
tr	O	The garage door opened smoothly and the limousine rolled into the huge garage .
tr	I	All the rest are slums where the workers live , and there are only a few big houses in this system .
tr	I	She flitted into the kitchen and Jack kissed her again on the cheek .
tr	I	I do , but you don 't have to go .
tr	I	The house gave off a warm homey vibe as I walked up the drive and the outside lights were on .
tr	I	I remember this well , but it may be something small .
tr	I	Kelly hadn 't heard from him and half the day had gone by .
tr	I	My breathing became short and my chest felt heavy .
tr	O	Rolls of thunder sounded like banging drums off in the distance and flashes of lightning flickered in the sky .
tr	O	Peyton 's trackers showed nothing unusual , and I had no clue what to do next .
tr	I	It 's going to be safer in the long run , but we 're not going to stay there forever .
tr	I	This is my mission , and this is my group .
tr	I	I forcefully pushed them away and I noticed his hands on my arms .
tr	I	He would be able to move around freely in his gaseous state , or he must be nearly gone .
tr	I	I shook my head , and Jim looked at me .
tr	I	It was clear that Emily would stop at nothing to take Olivia 's place , and a by-line was a by-line .
tr	O	The realization was as shocking as the studio itself , and she found herself softening all the more toward him .
tr	I	I frowned , and the sound of breathing instantly met my ear .
tr	I	Most of the walls appeared to be made up of windows , and it was framed with dark wood .
tr	I	Matt looked bleakly up at her and Gwen looked anxiously down at Matt .
tr	O	His mouth felt gummy , and he ached with weariness .
tr	O	Jin 's face scrunched up in anguish , but he fought against the tears .
tr	O	I were a member of the band and they didn 't work well without me .
tr	I	The officer headed toward the open motel room , and the car pulled into the motel parking lot .
tr	I	There wasn 't much personal content , and the letter was addressed to Margot .
tr	I	She had her hands shoved in my letterman 's jacket pockets and her jet black hair was still in a sleek ponytail .
tr	I	Somehow I know whatever 's on the other side of that door is potent , and I 've seen this door before , in my head .
tr	I	She 's just a friend ... still Frank 's wife , but we had dinner tonight .
tr	I	She became more attentive reading the messages of Ganymede , and Anna finally managed to beat her sleepiness .
tr	O	There are questions in her eyes , maybe doubts , surely fears , but she nods .
tr	I	Now Gretchen was gloating and Sara was forever doubtful .
tr	I	Petting was still out of the question , but she would take a bone from him .
tr	O	It 's not awkward , because we are beyond that , but it isn 't comfortable .
tr	I	The table was beautiful and the food was excellent .
tr	I	How incredibly masculine he was and Elissa couldn 't look at the man without thinking about sex .
tr	I	It didn 't , but you 'd think that after getting Casey back , my annoyance level would have dropped .
tr	O	You were busy with your life , and I with mine .
tr	O	I know how strong you are when you want to be and sure , they are only humans after all .
tr	I	He took a step toward me , and Heat infused his expression this time .
tr	I	It 's suddenly all right today , but it wouldn 't have felt all right yesterday .
tr	I	There were none present at the moment , but Guards worked here .
tr	O	David felt a cold hand on his arm , and he found himself looking into Linda 's eyes .
tr	O	Her sweats looked dirty , and her hair was disheveled .
tr	O	He was one of those men now , and he was proud of it .
tr	O	I offered one to her but she merely shook her head .
tr	O	The doors finished opening , and Egwene stifled a gasp .
tr	I	I refused to give up , but I could tell that he was as livid as me .
tr	O	She could pretend to call him and her teacher wouldn 't know the difference .
tr	I	This time there was more , but once again , the color black raced furiously around me like a hot ribbon .
tr	O	Kevin was dispatched at once , and within a few minutes , the beer was being shared at the kitchen table .
tr	I	A speckle of mass hurtling through darkness but out in deep space he was no one , nothing .
tr	O	My eyes slowly started to glaze over and my head was starting to feel heavy .
tr	O	She knew exactly who Austen referred to , but she longed to avoid the topic .
tr	I	It weakened dramatically but Silver didn 't kill .
tr	O	I heard a muffled scream , and despite the pain , I sat up .
tr	O	I hope she and Alex don 't fight while we 're gone .
tr	I	He opened my door again and we got out to the truck in the dark parking lot .
tr	O	There was a brief instant where she wondered if she had died , but she felt far too alive for that .
tr	O	I would have confessed , but I was too scared that I would get turned out , abandoned in the Wilds .
tr	I	He gripped the back of his neck as he turned his attention to the sky , and Jared jerked his head away .
tr	I	Kiara knew the next few days held the key and the wheels had started to move .
tr	O	Sabbath was forced to jump at an angle and they scrambled onto the grass , wildly off-balance .
tr	I	It helped to gripe , but Jack knew there really wasn 't anything his friend could say for the moment .
tr	O	You know it and I know it .
tr	I	You have not told me why you seem so heartsick I guess is the word , and it 's been seven , make that eight weeks .
tr	O	It won 't last , as it 's just temp work , but it 's so much nicer to have her around this week .
tr	O	She was right next to me in bed and I didn 't protect her .
tr	I	She 'd do anything he asked , and all he had to do was touch Andrea .
tr	I	Then a half smile teased the corner of his mouth , and Jace looked at her for a moment .
tr	I	He didn 't turn to see us but our waiter was passing three tables away .
tr	I	For some strange reason , it felt like forever , but it only took him twenty minutes to get there .
tr	O	He had dark eyes that had hate in them , and everyone could see it .
tr	I	With every second that passed , she shook more , and her hand shook as she waited for him to reawaken .
tr	O	She began fading until only her eyes were visible , and then they disappeared as well .
tr	O	Dion locked up the clinic for Max and we headed for his house .
tr	O	He pinned her with his gaze , and Renna found herself nodding .
tr	I	After several moments , her smile seemed to light up the room , but it was small at first .
tr	I	I don 't allow this kind of stuff in my house , but I don 't know what it was like , living with your mother .
tr	I	My hands are lingering on her waist , and her chest is pressed lightly against me .
tr	I	I 'll talk to him about doing us together , and I 've got one lined up .
tr	O	Night had taken a firm hold , and darkness was now his ally .
tr	O	I 'm sad sometimes , but it doesn 't mean I need you to stay home from your trip .
tr	I	The heel of his hand rested against the bulging fullness of her lush breast , but the tips of his fingers felt for her pulse .
tr	I	Things were progressing okay , and my first drink down , margarita , I think .
tr	I	It had sunk in deep enough he 'd had to give up , but Cullen had tried to pull the arrow from the tree .
tr	I	I couldn 't seem to voice the words in my head , but come to the party tomorrow was all I could think of .
tr	O	She hadn 't seen the original game in a week , and here was the newest addition .
tr	I	The groceries crunched under his tightening grip and his body shook .
tr	I	She didn 't want to be there , and nothing made sense in this world .
tr	O	Maybe one day he would be a famous actor and able to afford to travel in taxis all the time .
tr	O	Electricity crackled between Kyle 's fingers , and Eric no longer looked like himself .
tr	I	His voice seemed to echo off every point of the large room , but Mac spoke in whispers .
tr	O	Sergio did the same thing to me and once he came to terms with everything in his mind things changed in an instant .
tr	I	I 'm not sure I can say anything to make you feel better , and I know you 're going to worry .
tr	O	Damien 's eyes narrowed to dangerous slits , and Sierra felt a moment of dread .
tr	I	Like Karla , he had no obvious disability , but more bone , than muscle , he must have looked just as grotesque in life .
tr	O	he teased , but there was an undertone of frustration beneath it .
tr	I	The fire was out and it was still dark .
tr	I	She pushed down and her grip tightened .
tr	I	At the same time , I did , but I didn 't want to ask it .
tr	I	The woman is aiming the gun at me and I look back to the balcony .
tr	O	He leaned across the seats and his lips brushed my cheek .
tr	I	Even if it wasn 't perfect , the energy still felt amazing , and I didn 't know for sure .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure , but she thought that his eyes did a double take when he realized where she was heading .
tr	I	My mom wrapped her arm around my shoulders and I found it hard to breathe .
tr	O	He should have told her no , but he knew she sought atonement for the blood she 'd spilt .
tr	I	She refuses to give up , but she 's at another school .
tr	O	She had never seen me naked either , but triviality aside we nonetheless clearly shared a fantasy .
tr	O	I ask and Kayden 's finger grazes the inside of my wrist .
tr	I	It softly vibrates in his hand and now he turns on the bullet .
tr	O	None of them hits the car , but somehow it is enough to remind me again of exactly where I am .
tr	I	Courtney even applauded , and the Evernight types started laughing .
tr	I	Then absolutely freaking nothing happened , but I went along with everything to just speed up the process .
tr	I	He 'll call again , and this is a nutcase , honey .
tr	I	He ran out the back door before I could , but I was about to ask him what he was doing there .
tr	O	My backpack was already heavy , but that was fine with me .
tr	I	I tried to unwrap Bill a little bit so I could share the blanket , and the trunk was cold , too .
tr	O	This examination gave me the chills , and I had half a mind to leave .
tr	O	Trick said Sooty had ridden Runner after he got back , but I haven 't seen it .
tr	I	I won 't be fooled again , but I may have been fooled when you pretended to by my twin .
tr	O	Reginald groaned , but the groan was almost a laugh .
tr	I	Rob heard every one , but her words drifted down to a whisper .
tr	I	I felt it in her expressions , in her touch , in the tender brush of her lips , but she loved me with a passion .
tr	O	Something 's forcing its way into my body and it 's painful , really painful .
tr	I	A sense of impending doom struck Emily hard and Rose 's face snapped into place .
tr	O	Magic had been tarnished and a new era began .
tr	I	He felt relief , and her black eyes returned to his .
tr	I	I flushed , and he chuckled .
tr	I	Some of them were really not very civilized , and Oliver was capable of a lot of things .
tr	O	His anger grew and the urge strengthened as it fed on his anger .
tr	O	I climbed out of the window in my riding gear , carrying a small bag of belongings and we rode off together !
tr	O	Grinning like an idiot , he stared at her and the ground under their feet shook as another tremor ripped through the ground .
tr	I	Despite the drugs slowing my movements , I jump out of the chair , and the floor seems to drop out from under me .
tr	I	The sudden awareness gripping him tensed his frame , but Alistair kept his face impassive thanks to considerable practice .
tr	O	I 'm not trying to toot my own horn here , but the fact remains that Art is a fundamental part of making us human .
tr	I	Devon draws her closer and Tammie begins to whimper .
tr	O	The girl falls to her knees , and before I can let out the breath I 'm holding , a man runs out of the tent .
tr	I	The volume had been muted , but the incredible onslaught overhead continued .
tr	O	Lights flickered and shadows moved .
tr	O	He was pure seduction , and he drove me wild .
tr	O	Ink was gasping , too , but this seemed to pacify him .
tr	I	The attainment of a goal doth always take precedence , but it is regrettable .
tr	O	She was about to toss it away but the advertisement on it caught her eye .
tr	I	His jackass apostles as they left the arena and Will asked when I turned to him , after waving both of my middle fingers at Jason .
tr	O	I was trying to see it as an opportunity but it was hard .
tr	I	I was all about matchy-matchy and they coordinated well with my mood .
tr	I	There was no escaping it , but he ran all over the top of the mountain .
tr	O	The words were fuzzy , and Bates didn 't know what was said .
tr	I	Mia wasn 't much better , and Zach was hammered .
tr	I	While they are fighting for the weapon , two shots go off , and Layla wrestles to get it back .
tr	I	Then , neither could he , but there was no way she could have gotten any wetter .
tr	O	It was something important for him and he didn 't do such things for the first time .
tr	I	He looked forward to dinner and he 'd called to say hi .
tr	O	I don 't want to tell my story and I don 't want to be made public .
tr	O	Feelings were building and she was too afraid to explore them right then .
tr	I	She bristled at the implication and he was reprimanding her .
tr	I	Her resolve frayed even more , and Sarah felt her bracelet caress the sensitive skin of her wrist .
tr	I	He clutches onto the edge of the plastic section and his hand shoots out .
tr	O	She waved her hand behind her vaguely and another piece of silk lowered .
tr	O	Eventually one thing led to another and now she was planning her wedding .
tr	I	He would have thrown something across the room or Damon had had centuries of training in discipline .
tr	I	Dreamer the results would take five to seven working days to be received and the hospital had told him .
tr	I	I whispered Adam 's vows back to her , and nobody noticed .
tr	I	I liked it , but I wasn 't sure what game we were playing now .
tr	I	Kissing her may not have been the best plan , but it kills me to admit it .
tr	I	Nonetheless it was a brilliant thought , but it was a long shot .
tr	O	The wheat fields appeared to have no boundaries , and that was something else that seemed most unusual .
tr	O	Mom 's fingers flew to her lips , and she wiped them furtively .
tr	O	Maybe his interest had begun as a sidelight to the stalking drama of Tamsin Lynd , but that interest had evolved .
tr	I	He shrank from her , but she reached for his arm again .
tr	I	I crossed my arms self-consciously and Kiran looked me over once again .
tr	O	He shouldn 't have left her alone this morning but he 'd had important pack business to deal with .
tr	I	Now I was locked in my room with an armed guard outside , and Blake had made it clear that I wasn 't leaving the castle .
tr	O	Leo has a new baby , and his wife is really touchy about anyone waking it up .
tr	O	The door was closed and towels were tucked under the doorway crack .
tr	I	Dad looked pleased and Mum was smiling .
tr	O	The chaplain raised a hand , and the car slid into motion .
tr	O	The moon reflected on the water and it danced over the ripples the container made in the current .
tr	I	Then she looked up , and she looked straight ahead , dully , with no thought of him standing there , apparently .
tr	I	Anyone 's Warder save Egwene 's , or he knew that he would not be happy as her Warder .
tr	O	He might 've been talking to Jeff , but his eyes were holding Robin 's .
tr	I	I can only smile in response , and the cancer has affected my ability to speak .
tr	I	Her eyes burned with it and Della felt her chest burn .
tr	O	It is up to 65,000 words and I expect it to hit 90K when I am done .
tr	O	Rachel wanted to sob , but she didn 't .
tr	I	The restless feeling became overpowering , and the earrings stayed uncomfortably warm .
tr	O	As they edged out of town , the paved road turned into snow-covered gravel , and there weren 't any other tracks at all .
tr	I	I know from memory how soft she is , and the skin of her stomach looks silky smooth .
tr	O	My supporters allowed me to take control of the coup , but they wouldn 't let me kill him .
tr	I	Darkness gathered around me when I heard it the second time and that word sent me into a tailspin .
tr	I	She slurred her protest , eliciting a chuckle from him and her eyes flew open .
tr	O	The door opened and we stepped through it into a laundry room .
tr	O	The creaks overhead paused , and she heard them retreat .
tr	O	My nerves flared , and I swallowed fear .
tr	O	I know John didn 't use me to cover his escape , and I know that I 'm not useless .
tr	I	Then she wouldn 't have had to leave , and maybe a conversation could have changed it all .
tr	O	She remained obstinate , and I was ready to compel her even more .
tr	O	That 's been building for a long time , but let 's talk about something else for once .
tr	O	There were slices of time when she seemed very distant ... and as a child , it frightened me .
tr	I	He would keep her in his arms but she would keep him on his toes .
tr	I	I remember we have guys up from California , and two of our small cabins have lights on .
tr	O	For all Sera knew , he was dead , and she didn 't care .
tr	O	She would hate for him to make such a decision for her , and she would never choose ignorance .
tr	I	She spun around and fight mode kicked in immediately .
tr	I	Without the effects of alcohol dulling the experience , the second was even better , but I thought the first night was good .
tr	I	She spoke gently all the same , but she knew the book did not hear .
tr	I	Her heart seemed to overflow with love , just as her eyes overflowed with tears , and he kissed her then .
tr	O	We will have one also and this will be our signal that we are sisters since no one else will ever have necklaces like these .
tr	I	I turned and Thornton shot one over my shoulder .
tr	O	He is cheating me but I want the crystals .
tr	O	The only time we would have together were those few seconds before Calliope had killed his father , and he would never remember them .
tr	I	I wanted to kiss Jessie And I wanted to tell Bear everything I had learned in D.C. .
tr	O	I planned on telling them when I saw them that fall , but in September your mother just broke things off .
tr	O	Mom gasped , and then there was total confusion as everyone started talking at once .
tr	O	Taking advice was not his strong suit and he dismissed it .
tr	O	It 's disgusting , but I 'm able to work some moisture back into my mouth .
tr	I	She genuinely tried to make the best of any situation and she was willing to accept whatever happened without any complaint .
tr	I	He went on , and Frances smiled reassuringly .
tr	O	Her aunts would know where Mairi was and her friend would be fine .
tr	I	There was nothing , but after so much time , this close -- touching -- breathing for him , my throat should be on fire .
tr	I	You 've definitely something there but I 've heard better .
tr	I	My body went stiff as I gasped , and an unexpected jolt of pain rocked me .
tr	O	I stared at him and curiosity , as it had a way of doing , got the best of me .
tr	I	Kim gave a little jump , and someone leaned against the wall .
tr	O	Hayden shakes his head , but he 's still smiling .
tr	I	He shook his head , but I touched Tolliver 's mug to ask if he was ready for more .
tr	O	Her grip tightened on the swing , and then he pulled away as she was on the edge ready to plunge into bliss .
tr	O	She did not want to have this conversation , but apparently giving him the postcard version was the only way to get rid of him .
tr	I	I realized he was smiling , and the corner of his mouth flicked up the tiniest amount at the edge .
tr	I	It made me wonder whether you would ever be yourself again , and I thought you would blow away as you crossed the street .
tr	I	I was gagged by this defective hunk of flesh , but I had so many questions I wanted to ask .
tr	O	My husband has been murdered and you 're telling me to calm down .
tr	I	Dan turned his head to look at her and Alexandra came into the bedroom now .
tr	I	I 'd created one , but there had been no problem .
tr	O	Max threw his arm over her shoulder and she snuggled closer , not ripping her eyes off the stage even once .
tr	O	He might not be much , but he was what I had .
tr	I	His other hand was free to roam over my body , but one of his arms was used to prop him up .
tr	I	Anna slipped in , closing the door behind her as soft as possible , and the supply room door was never locked .
tr	O	She knew what was causing this experience and she was more than happy to go along with it .
tr	O	His eyes shifted toward the window and he said nothing .
tr	I	I felt ashamed I hadn 't let him use the bathroom properly since Vermont , and his robe was soiled .
tr	O	Memories of the night before suddenly filled his mind , and his mouth closed , curving into a satisfied smile .
tr	O	Sergio didn 't need any bigger hint than that and he swept Mandi up in his arms , taking her over to the bed .
tr	I	The road was straight and suddenly the van was accelerating .
tr	O	She was as hysterical as she could be , and Jarvis had a job to calm her down .
tr	I	I was seventeen and she was sixteen .
tr	O	Of course , each member had their own bad experiences , but these were barred at the door of the family home .
tr	I	She really got him and he usually was quick enough !
tr	O	The class was only a few feet away , but it felt like miles .
tr	I	We must remember that , and we are not better than them .
tr	O	The inspector saw her expression and he held his head low .
tr	O	I felt sleep weighing down upon me , but my eyes wouldn 't close .
tr	O	He knew it was dangerous to be that far from his wagon but he wanted to be out of sight .
tr	I	The room applauded and the waltz ended .
tr	O	The waitress showed up and I ordered the shrimp .
tr	O	We worked hard to make this abduction look real and I won 't fail in that endeavor now .
tr	I	I turn to stare at Riley , bewildered , and he walks away toward the student parking lot .
tr	O	Edward held out his hand to Corinne and she placed hers within it .
tr	I	Justin hadn 't gotten any hooks into my head , and it had been a terrible loss to me .
tr	O	I wish I could just go straight home at six today , but I promised Allison I 'd go shopping with her .
tr	I	The memories just started coming and when I woke up , I wanted to see the doll to feel close to her .
tr	O	I can tell now that the light is coming from overhead and it seems to be widespread .
tr	O	I plastered my friendliest smile across my face as I delivered the last line , and he bought it .
tr	I	We had pleasant little chats , avoiding discussing what we really wanted to talk about , and the four of us shared occasional meals .
tr	I	We have not , and Times have changed .
tr	I	He sure as hell knew how to pander , but this man may not know how to govern .
tr	I	Maddie kept her impatience in check , but his channel surfing made her nervous .
tr	I	Maddy was nowhere to be seen , but Edwin peered down the gloomy corridor .
tr	I	Everything goes black and I am halfway up the stairs before there is a sharp pain in the back of my head .
tr	I	I suspect that my task is nowhere near complete but I see the hint of recollection in your eyes .
tr	I	That 's how it had always been so easy for people to walk over her and she 'd always been the first to back down .
tr	I	They believed it was our daughter and he said something to the effect that a girl had been found viciously killed .
tr	I	He insisted he come with me , but he made it happen .
tr	O	My hands found their way to his head and my fingers played with his hair as his tongue entered my mouth .
tr	I	The ground became visible once more , and the cab began to descend again .
tr	I	I sit in the room all day searching for something that will lead us to the angel 's identity and * * * Gabe .
tr	O	The door was hidden in the shadows , but light seeped out from underneath it .
tr	O	No one was here , but she could hear voices .
tr	I	Another tug had her growling instead , but she opened her mouth to say something .
tr	I	The man was gone , but I started to protest .
tr	I	He was not fast enough to hit him , but his reach was too long for John to close the gap .
tr	I	Then he didn 't , but Adam 's knees bent as if he were going to scoot himself out from under the car .
tr	I	I buckled , and Will yanked on the chains .
tr	I	The anxiety starts to grow , and I can feel the walls that I 've built around those memories begin to close in on me .
tr	I	I needed to keep my head right where it belonged and Gabriel didn 't need the ego stroke .
tr	O	Edna 's head snapped upright and she leaped to her feet .
tr	O	The owners of the hotel who 'd heard the request had laughed , but they quickly realized Rick was being as serious as he was capable of .
tr	O	A light snapped on in her house , and she lowered her shoulders , half expecting her mom to appear on the back porch any second .
tr	O	We arrived at the end of the city , near the exit , but the largest of the Giants stood in our way .
tr	I	For a moment I thought he would pass out , and he stopped breathing .
tr	I	Refusing them would have invited punishment , but she had not agreed .
tr	O	I couldn 't see them , but I sure could hear them .
tr	I	He wasn 't moving too fast , but when she glanced over her shoulder , she could see Butch coming after her .
tr	O	She smiled and the light in her eyes didn 't match the sober black dress with a high collar .
tr	O	Thanks for trying to be quiet , though , but I 've been awake for a spell now .
tr	O	I kiss his thumb , but he quickly drops his hand .
tr	I	He started running , and this time she didn 't object .
tr	I	His timing was pretty damn perfect , and the sniper had just come back through the station 's front door , rushing toward the flames .
tr	I	His pale skin seemed to glow with an almost luminous light against the shadows , and he was built big .
tr	O	She was damn near about to collapse , but she knew she wanted more of him .
tr	I	As time passed , the emotions became clearer and she could sense the minds of the participants around her .
tr	I	The tires were obviously new and the wheels shone with chrome .
tr	I	A set of large double doors appeared at the end , and the tunnel curved .
tr	O	There was something else far more important in my future , but I knew nothing of that yet .
tr	O	We hear his car start , and the sounds of its engine dwindling as he drives off .
tr	I	She likes how delicate the mechanism is , and she has never seen a record player before , except in movies .
tr	I	I found myself nodding , but something in her gaze warned me that I should decline .
tr	I	I stayed here at Avery Hall with Mother , and he spent all of his time in London .
tr	O	It 's not the end of the world but Casey tends to get down on herself .
tr	O	It 's not time for her appearance onstage yet , and she 's seen Nick 's act plenty of times .
tr	O	I am you and you are me .
tr	O	She 's not the most beautiful girl I 've ever seen , but she has a lot more character than I 've ever witnessed .
tr	I	We slowly drove through , and he raised the metal gate .
tr	I	I am a black woman and you are a white man .
tr	O	She did not know Jon 's name or she thought it was something else .
tr	I	He picked up on the second ring and Caller ID displayed a Virginia area code .
tr	O	I 'd thought dating Chase would help me move on , but I was starting to doubt it .
tr	O	They said they 'd wait for us , but they 've left us behind .
tr	O	I knew a damn Tiffany 's box when I saw one , but I didn 't know the boy who 'd given it to me .
tr	O	Her shoulders were slumped , and she moved reluctantly toward the school , dragging her feet .
tr	I	It wasn 't her , but she remembered those eyes .
tr	O	Neil hadn 't seen Aaron get up , but he was waiting behind Neil when Andrew let go .
tr	O	Lissa shook her head , feeling stupid , but if she didn 't let out her fears , she 'd definitely screw things up even worse .
tr	O	He spoke the words with casual nonchalance and I detected no attempt to deceive me .
tr	I	My third go around in a facility proved that old saying to be true and they say that the third time 's a charm .
tr	I	It could not be so bad , and that could not be the same .
tr	I	I hate theirs , but I love mine .
tr	I	There it is , right before her eye , but she knows it is impossible to magnify nothing , especially the colourless sort .
tr	O	My scream got stuck in my throat , and the bottle of pills hit the gravel .
tr	I	I laugh outright and Rusty 's breath hisses through his gritted teeth .
tr	O	She looked up at him , and he saw her tears .
tr	O	She had given him enough advice to earn his trust and hopefully he would jump on the information she provided in this letter .
tr	I	Seeing that she was crying asked her what was wrong , and it was ironic that Veronica passed her in the hallway .
tr	I	It was just an infatuation , but I thought I did before .
tr	O	He was so close to exacting his retribution , and he couldn 't start feeling sorry for Sierra .
tr	I	Drake was fully absorbed , but it wasn 't much of a cover .
tr	O	He was a skinny , five-foot ten , but at least they had security .
tr	I	Her hair tumbled around her shoulders and he pulled them out .
tr	O	I leaned forward and Hailey squeezed my h * ps with the inside of her thighs .
tr	O	He was getting his greasy fingerprints all over my beautiful red sleeves , and I tried to pull away from him .
tr	I	I wanted to be right there with him and Peter was going places .
tr	O	She caught hold of it and the dragon picked her up .
tr	O	Aiden rolled his eyes and I fought a grin .
tr	O	Now she was back in her own , and it was a shock to say the least .
tr	I	It 's easy to fall for someone who can find humor in any situation , and she laughed a lot .
tr	I	At the top , I pause to look around , and I follow him up the stairs .
tr	I	She continued , but doing so hurt her fingers .
tr	O	I see them walk together to their classes and rumours are spreading that , they 're dating .
tr	O	It doesn 't hurt , but the lights are bright enough to blind me .
tr	I	I could only watch with sick fascination , hardly knowing what to expect and my mother seemed to shrink under the force of his intensity .
tr	O	Garrett stood next to his brother , and Steele was on Sam 's other side .
tr	I	Their fangs are venomous , and the creatures of the Wasteland are part snake .
tr	I	Logan would rather not being spending a night with his longtime friend and something told me their relationship was strained .
tr	O	Jeff nodded , but his brow was creased with tight bands of concern .
tr	I	The first time our orgasms had come in unison and it was amazing .
tr	I	He 's twenty-three years old , but I 'm doing my best .
tr	I	They mean it and these people smile .
tr	O	Matt Michaels is on his way , and he 'll shut the preserve down as soon as he gets here .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell if his eyes were really focused , but he looked up at me .
tr	O	His mother chuckled a little and oh my God , I think , yep , the big bad Rhys just blushed !
tr	O	I felt sorry for him , but there wasn 't anything I could do about it even if I 'd wanted to .
tr	O	She saw the unmistakable tells of a man who believes he has won and she finished her proposal .
tr	I	The young girl shook it , and I held out my hand .
tr	O	Our kind traveled from Everest , as well as from Mount Whitney in California , but it was no use .
tr	I	She ran out of the room , and she banged her fists on the table , her hair flung over her eyes .
tr	I	When the drunk driver killed my mom , I wanted more than to stop feeling sad , but maybe most teenagers wouldn 't think like that .
tr	I	Not the self contained village that thrived before him , but he had thought to find a few hovels .
tr	O	blurted out Matthew , and Marcos simply nodded , grinning victoriously .
tr	I	Tuck stilled , and half a dozen guards drew their swords .
tr	I	I am your mistress , but you are my creator .
tr	I	He missed not being able to talk to Jen daily but George put it down to some sort of electrical interference .
tr	O	I came to meet you , and Margie said you called in .
tr	I	They began to creep forward again and Hunger slammed the tank into gear .
tr	O	They cause fear and they like to inflict it on their sufferers .
tr	I	There didn 't seem to be any infection , but it looked horrible .
tr	O	She thought she 'd been doing well , but obviously Miss Cornelia had some reservations .
tr	I	The women glanced up , and Ethan cleared his throat .
tr	I	She wondered if it was from the alcohol he had consumed , and he winced at Evangeline 's voice as though he was in pain .
tr	I	While it wasn 't the answer I 'd hoped for , it would have to do , but my heart sank .
tr	O	We were a small family and now I 'm all that 's left .
tr	I	Donn extended an arm in and the door to the cage opened .
tr	O	I didn 't really enjoy it because I was always cold and I wasn 't very good .
tr	I	My belly was doing flip flops and I realized that I was shaking .
tr	I	He needed her to be right there with him and his whole body was primed to delve into hers .
tr	I	They were picking on another girl but they weren 't really being mean to me .
tr	O	I shook the wood , but nothing else came out .
tr	O	The shower heated in seconds and I stepped into the hot blast of water , the knots in my shoulder melting away .
tr	O	She was only fourteen when her father passed from a heart attack , and she 'd been enraged at her mother 's ability to move on .
tr	I	Scampered out of the blustery compound to join Vivienne in the bar and * Martin Parrish had parked the Mercedes on the ferry .
tr	I	It wasn 't a dump , but it wasn 't her cabin .
tr	I	He was sure she was able to feel what she did to him and she snuggled her h * ps against his .
tr	I	I had no doubt she 'd be up now , but it was six a.m. Kat had probably been asleep when I 'd called before .
tr	I	A shadow as Mohammed entered , and immediately they could see the stall door open .
tr	O	It lay there , high on her hip , but he made no attempt to move farther .
tr	I	The light shining down through the paper made it transparent , and she lifted the sketches from the desk to help her focus .
tr	I	They exchanged a glance that she was certain meant that he wanted to be picked and she approached her friend .
tr	O	The pressure needed to be relieved , and the pus drawn off to prevent the pressure building once again .
tr	O	I 'd waited too long to start , and I couldn 't blame him for that .
tr	O	It was weird , and it terrified him .
tr	O	Banning thought he had followed everything up to this pretty well , but now he was lost .
tr	I	He decided to surprise his Vivian with flowers , and Pirro , on the other hand , valued what was important .
tr	I	The voices below are angry , and my bedroom door is ajar .
tr	O	I could let her win , agree to her terms , and the reward would be a night between those sweet thighs .
tr	I	She realized someone had cleaned her up , and no soot coated her skin .
tr	I	Her eyes widened behind her glasses , and I spun around to face her .
tr	I	Her gray eyes suddenly looked very sorry that she couldn 't contain her questions and she looked over at me .
tr	I	Rain poured down , and the sky opened .
tr	I	I happily tossed my stuff down , and she 'd left the bed by the window open .
tr	O	Red jumped in front of her , and the old man 's flames stopped .
tr	O	His eyes were open , and Rebecca took the opportunity .
tr	I	I made up camp after feeding my horse on some grasses and that food sizzled .
tr	I	They still get confused more often than you would expect , but you might think the two creatures would be easy to keep separate .
tr	O	A wizened little man behind the counter glanced up , blinked ... and then , of all things , tried to run .
tr	O	It was not what I expected , yet I decided not to probe further .
tr	I	You do what you have to do , and I 'll go back to the Hall .
tr	I	Rebecca could see him wavering , but he didn 't look completely convinced .
tr	O	It didn 't exactly scream excitement , but that was kind of the point .
tr	O	She waited a moment for him to continue , and when he didn 't , she looked around .
tr	I	I don 't know how to react , and my throat is shrinking , reducing airflow .
tr	I	I stopped struggling , but fear clenched my stomach into a tight fist of tension .
tr	I	She 's a little overprotective and I 'm an only child .
tr	I	She leaned into him , crying and Pierce wrapped her in his arms .
tr	O	He was something else entirely , but I wasn 't sure what .
tr	O	Things were bad enough between them and he 'd only make it worse .
tr	O	Five months was already way too long and I still didn 't have a plan .
tr	O	It wasn 't the ideal place , not with the amount of noise in the stadium , but they made do .
tr	O	She turned to face him and their eyes met .
tr	I	He was brought up to date by Prentice , and Olivia broke down in tears when he entered .
tr	I	I notice that I 've stopped breathing for a moment and he looks away .
tr	O	I dared her to drink this fierce drink Jaden made and she was gone .
tr	O	Few people questioned , less cared , and at this point , her uncle wouldn 't think to look for her .
tr	I	He searched the web for some homes and Trinity went in to take a nap .
tr	I	There was no response , but he yelled again .
tr	I	The absence of one will go unnoticed and there are many more just like him .
tr	O	Three sounded fair , but I always pushed a little .
tr	I	It wasn 't very appealing , but I guessed it was human .
tr	O	I was scared and I was mad .
tr	O	Here are some pics of the Sphinx just prior to my kidnapping , and the sheik 's harem I belong to .
tr	O	I shake my head , and he steps into me .
tr	I	John concentrated his gaze on the Book , and the glowing green light was still in place .
tr	I	The heat pounded him , making him catch his breath , and the ground leveled off .
tr	I	Somehow I did , but I don 't know how I did it , I don 't know how I won .
tr	I	He 'd give none in return and they 'd given no mercy to his clan .
tr	O	Originally she planned to give the baby up for adoption , but Zach surprised her by offering to raise their daughter .
tr	O	She hadn 't spent enough time poolside this summer , and she wasn 't going to be a lobster tonight .
tr	O	People cried out behind me and I heard the guys cursing .
tr	O	Without his body , the seduction tendrils weren 't as potent , but he saw the change in her eyes when they reached her .
tr	I	She knew it now , and she 'd known it from the moment she saw him on the docks .
tr	O	He couldn 't change the past , but he didn 't want the same future for his daughter .
tr	O	I considered telling her that he was a terrorist , but I wasn 't that cruel .
tr	O	She asked me softly and I froze .
tr	O	The hot summer afternoon had cooled down to a pleasant temperature , and the shadows cast by the trees helped too .
tr	O	The curtains were drawn and the lights were low .
tr	I	Dragging him in such situation made her guilty but Thayer 's blood surely was the reason she 's still alive .
tr	I	The footsteps started to fade , and she heard the door opening .
tr	O	Endless instances of heroics pour into her mind , and more importantly , the utter absence of fear .
tr	I	My heart stuttered , and Kenzie looked up at me , brown eyes widening .
tr	I	He had been spotted , but he was gaining ground on the gunman , no doubt about it .
tr	O	Saber knew she sounded clipped , but she couldn 't help it .
tr	O	Chapter Forty Eight I was in the dessert once again and I knew instantly that I was in Egypt .
tr	I	No visible door handle and there were two keyholes .
tr	I	How much longer his were than hers and she remembered their footprints in the sand .
tr	I	He kisses me but I start to protest .
tr	O	He was the drums , and they were his canvas .
tr	I	I listen as feet begin pacing the room and a chair scrapes against the floor .
tr	O	He 'd definitely find her , but it might take a little time .
tr	O	My eyes widened and breath escaped me .
tr	I	Her fur was reddish instead of gold , and the werewolf was bigger than Justin had been .
tr	O	I curled my hands into fists , and the sting of my nails in my palms brought me back .
tr	I	There was Kimberly again and I quickly opened up the texts .
tr	I	Tears had not flowed , but her eyes were red .
tr	I	I know she 's not happy about it but she nods her agreement .
tr	I	He cleared his throat gruffly and his eyes were like liquid fire .
tr	I	I am proud of you , and you 've changed .
tr	I	She realized he was watching her very closely , a slight smile on his lips and her eyes moved to Chase .
tr	I	He pushed the man right back down and Dylan 's hands came down on his shoulders .
tr	I	The moonlight would not conceal him , and the soldiers ' patrol was thorough .
tr	I	I notice one of them has wings and a pale like sheath moves behind them .
tr	I	He wondered if he should put the moves on her , and images of Adela in her little purple silk number danced through his head .
tr	O	she wanted to ask , but she knew , anyway .
tr	I	Olivia 's voice pulls me back to reality , but I think I might have spent the rest of the night entertaining such thoughts .
tr	O	They had given them to the women of the nobility as favors , and he 'd snagged one from the basket as it was passed around .
tr	I	It was pulled back in a ponytail , and the brown was darker almost a black .
tr	I	My voice sounded thick and my eyes stung .
tr	O	He had fallen asleep on his back , and he could no longer feel his arms .
tr	O	He 's immortal , and nothing can hurt him .
tr	O	A loud groan could be heard from the crowded seats and several people stepped out to complain about the incident .
tr	O	Mrs. Simpson would be gone by now and Kylie would already be in bed .
tr	O	I opened it , and a mug shot picture with Laurence was on the front page , after that another file was .
tr	I	He took her down with him , and his body slammed onto the floor .
tr	O	She screamed as her passion turned to panic , but he kept thrusting his body into hers until he finally found his release .
tr	O	Tears spike up unexpected , and I blink them away .
tr	O	You deserve someone better than me but I can 't stop wanting you .
tr	O	We sat down and the woman was still staring at us .
tr	O	The house had a funky smell to it , but I wasn 't sure exactly what it was .
tr	I	I start expecting more from guys and a few times spent with Jason .
tr	I	Harold can then drop you back home and I have to catch a flight tonight .
tr	O	The thought was in her mind also , and it made her feel disloyal .
tr	O	I had no power in that situation and I was terrified out of my mind .
tr	O	His eyes fluttered open and she sighed .
tr	O	Carl 's stomach growled aloud , and he looked at his mother .
tr	O	The Fed printed and the government borrowed .
tr	I	She 'd maintained a death grip on him that might leave a mark , and he 'd promised Luna he 'd keep his connection with her .
tr	I	Conscious that I could not avoid it , and knowing my future , understanding my fate .
tr	I	I could see that he was disturbed and when I didn 't continue he held me away from him .
tr	I	Rand must take responsibility , but perhaps his men acted without his direct orders .
tr	O	There were no more bad times , but there were no good times either .
tr	O	It was just too much , for him , but he wouldn 't take ' charity ' either .
tr	O	He didn 't deserve that , but I had said them anyway .
tr	I	They shared a moment of pure delight and the two women 's eyes met .
tr	I	It was better to be safe than sorry , but I didn 't know what they were planning .
tr	O	That was what we all wanted , but I doubted it was possible .
tr	O	I thought I was clarifying , but it seems like I 'm only more jumbled .
tr	I	The water was pink around him and there were scratches across his face .
tr	O	I look up from my desk and there they are , lined up in colorful rows , waiting for me to choose one .
tr	O	She turned to leave , with tears streaming down her face , but the dragon compelled her to approach the fish .
tr	I	Her green eyes glistened with a spark of mischief and the smile on her face didn 't look forced .
tr	I	They all looked at me expectantly and I shot looks at the other therapists .
tr	I	A red haze of violence , a killing fury she couldn 't get through to reach him but there was nothing there .
tr	O	He winked at me , and we checked our guns .
tr	O	She wanted the diamonds , and she had gone too far to quit now .
tr	O	Alloys proved to be much trickier , but they can still be zeroed out .
tr	O	I don 't have a firm buyer yet , and till I do , I have to keep production going .
tr	O	Climbing up , he scanned the crowd again , but nobody was in a hurry to depart .
tr	O	Clarity tried returning the clothes but the floor below her , made of electricity conducting tiles , sent her a slight electric current she felt immediately .
tr	O	Bay doors are open , but there 's an atmosphere .
tr	I	The end of it connected to a phone , and its wire was dangling .
tr	I	Nicole was learning that it also involved forgiving yourself , but loving someone involved forgiving them for not being perfect .
tr	I	The sound alone made me smile even as I squinted to save my eyes , and the joyous voice asked .
tr	O	He stuck out his hand and she looked quizzically at him .
tr	O	I was no longer afraid and I wouldn 't let him intimidate me .
tr	I	Her deathly cold still chilled the room , but she hadn 't manifested .
tr	I	The first cards were now almost hidden and the Robert Frost poem in the centre was yellowing with age .
tr	I	Her fingers dug into his shoulders and the pitch of her voice rose .
tr	O	Her vision was blurred with tears , and she just hadn 't expected him here .
tr	O	Hari was one of the eight and Vijay was one of the first friends he had made in this team .
tr	O	A little slow in coming , but she got it out there .
tr	I	Flashes of lighting lit up the sky illuminating the gloom around them and the thunder boomed above .
tr	O	I felt the warmth of the sun seep through the room and I breathed in deeply .
tr	O	I sense she 's not looking at me neither and I wouldn 't wan na see a smile on her face right about now .
tr	O	I opened the refrigerator door and there was not even a single beer inside .
tr	I	His boy would be just like Joshua , and Joshua Kumar was just like his Pa .
tr	I	I couldn 't raise my hands to wipe them away and tears fell .
tr	O	* I 'm not sure where Dad was trying to send us , but we appeared a few blocks from Sam 's little efficiency .
tr	O	Elvira 's voice was emotionless as rock but Rico detected the slightest edge of worry in the flurry of her fingers across her command console .
tr	I	I looked and he asked .
tr	O	His eyes closed in exquisite pleasure , and his breath eased through his lips .
tr	O	His smile made me forget my lack of a cell phone and I smiled back , thrilled to have his attention focused solely on me .
tr	O	It was definitely not nothing to him and it certainly wasn 't nothing to her .
tr	O	I thought I could fight for you and I was wrong .
tr	O	The desire swells inside me like the rain within the clouds above , and I can barely hold it in for another second .
tr	O	I knew that my parents were upset about not having me around for Christmas day but they had tried to hide it as best they could .
tr	I	We 're supposed to be on our honeymoon , but it 's not as if I blame him for working .
tr	O	Just boom , one second he was there , and the next he was a part of them , forcing them to do whatever he wanted .
tr	O	It was still early in the day , with the sun sending golden rays all over the place , and yet here I was shivering with desire .
tr	O	Adelaide reached the town only a minute later , but already the fire began to spread .
tr	I	Laughter still danced on my tongue when I snuck into the darkened house , and Maggie ~ Six Years Earlier My heart was still thundering .
tr	I	She 'd fallen in love with him , and he 'd been playing her this whole time .
tr	O	There was a large steel gate , but it was locked .
tr	O	The scene vanished again and Jeremy 's skull ached .
tr	I	The Fuhrer himself and a retinue of soldiers from the trucks outside were already stationed around the restaurant .
tr	I	Her thighs parted , and her lips opened .
tr	I	Nobody knew when she 'd be back and Sarah had been away for six weeks .
tr	I	Her pleas were ignored , but she cried out to her Auntie .
tr	O	Maddy continued to laugh , but it wasn 't a pleasant chuckle anymore .
tr	O	Every part of me pleads to be filled completely as his hips grind against mine , and my back bangs against the piano .
tr	I	I was always so inspired by water , but I don 't know if you remember .
tr	I	The canyon began to shake and Anakin held out his hands .
tr	I	It was where Tasha lived , and the second floor was also of the same size .
tr	I	He was desperate but he did not think it would slow them down for long .
tr	O	I laughed at what she said , but it really did go pretty well with the new clothes .
tr	I	When I see it , I see you , and I 've looked at it so many times .
tr	I	I have to laugh and Brand is dumbfounded now .
tr	I	He excelled in the kitchen but Maverick possessed many talents .
tr	I	The songs were everywhere and all I had to do was recognize the possible music .
tr	O	John F. Kennedy is reported to have said that we can forgive our enemies but we shouldn 't forget their names .
tr	I	He knew it was beyond his ability to care for , and the chest wound was serious .
tr	I	The brisk air in my lungs felt like the first time I 'd breathed in over an hour , and the doors pushed open .
tr	O	He had hummed the Lament for Corin , but it felt like a pitiful gesture even as he did it .
tr	I	I didn 't want to do that and I was scared that I was going to bring up bad memories for her .
tr	O	That girl has not been subtle about the fact that she wants him and I wouldn 't put it past her to pull a stunt like this .
tr	O	she managed , the words so low that she wasn 't sure he could hear them , but he did .
tr	I	He stepped away , dragging a hand through his short brown hair and his face suddenly matched hers .
tr	O	Ollie came in as scheduled and the three of us got along well .
tr	I	He didn 't know now , and he hadn 't known then .
tr	I	It felt like home but it 's kinda old .
tr	I	Not much of his public persona is true to reality but Ludwig is much .
tr	O	I turned to the door upon hearing my parents ' voices , and when I turned back to the balcony , Gideon was gone .
tr	O	Patch reached for my hand , but I pulled free .
tr	I	I don 't want to tell him what I was thinking about and I frown at the fact that he can read me that well .
tr	I	That 's why we were in this predicament , and she knew me better than I knew myself .
tr	O	I rolled my eyes , but anxiety flooded my body .
tr	O	Legal due diligence was being performed , and the merger documents were being drawn up .
tr	O	Abby handed her mother a sack and Cyril did the same for his father .
tr	I	For some reason I decided to drag the two bodies into the bushes , but I still don 't know what I was thinking at that moment .
tr	I	The magical vibe was gone , but the furnishings were similar here to those in my previous room .
tr	O	It was so different from Sea Breeze , but I felt like I was hidden from everyone .
tr	O	Holly laughs , and Marc gives me a quick glance .
tr	O	A cloud of smoke hit her in the face and she waved it away coughing .
tr	O	The acoustics in the house were awful , and the only way they 'd really have privacy was if I left the water running .
tr	I	The only thing that gave us light was the flashing of the lightening and it was dark outside .
tr	O	Another icy silence descended , and Simon began to eat furiously .
tr	I	She ran down to the water , and I said yes , of course .
tr	O	I didn 't stop to listen in , at least not initially , but I heard what they were saying anyway .
tr	O	It was time to take a stand , and this man would be there beside her .
tr	O	The room was full now , and a merry buzz of conversation swirled around him .
tr	O	She had been terrified , yet she had returned to him .
tr	I	Like with Beth , I couldn 't break it , but stunned , I fought the force holding me back .
tr	I	Kenzie swallowed , and I asked .
tr	I	Then decided she might as well take it , but she paused in the doorway , realizing she was still clutching the Coleridge book .
tr	I	He wished now Trinity was awake to answer it instead of him and the question reached down into Camden .
tr	O	His eyes open and he flashes me a smile .
tr	O	It wasn 't a particularly interesting evening by most standards , but I found myself laughing harder than I had in weeks .
tr	I	His eyes grew a little heavy and he looked down at my chest .
tr	I	I scream under the water , and the pain is unbelievable .
tr	I	She 'd grown to love the clothes she wore , and now word of mouth brought people to her store .
tr	O	She pushed her mount as fast as he could go , but she knew it was hopeless .
tr	O	Brant smiled at Abigail over Jenny 's head and the simple gesture made her breathless .
tr	I	I finally broke apart from her , feeling my cheeks heat and a giggling titter filled the room .
tr	O	They were the same words he had uttered before , on several occasions , and always the fairy had appeared within minutes .
tr	O	It wasn 't much of a life , but it was all she 'd known .
tr	O	Michelle was driving her Ford slowly and Timmons was seated in the back .
tr	I	Even for hip hop her long sleeved shirt will be too hot , but for ballet she 'll need a leotard , hopefully a sleeveless one .
tr	I	She leaned closer into his side , and she felt Cameron kiss her temple .
tr	I	Stark gave us access to a different world , and a pretence we all supported with gusto because they were great together .
tr	I	She had no idea what , but she sensed he wanted something from her .
tr	O	Daniel tried to pick up where we left off , but the mood was gone .
tr	O	Andrew comes beside us both and I know I made the right decision .
tr	O	He knew he 'd made a number of tactical errors , and that was because his ego had gotten in the way .
tr	O	It was possible he 'd passed her as she and the man she thought was him were talking .
tr	I	There had to be at least a hundred , but I didn 't know exactly how many people worked in the building .
tr	O	Tabitha 's cheeks were flushed and she had a chipper step .
tr	I	She 'd lost her baby , too and now Steve was out of her life .
tr	I	The bag flew upwards , and Edwin let go .
tr	O	My heart was pounding , and I needed to think .
tr	O	She would have , too , but their food hadn 't been delivered yet .
tr	O	All of it occupies my mind for a while , but then the real world creeps back into my thoughts .
tr	O	I saw the strange wolf befriend you , but you did not turn on the day of the moon .
tr	I	Again , he was starving , but Michael almost laughed out loud .
tr	O	Farrah was a looker , and they got along fairly well .
tr	O	You 're mathematicians and you 're engineers .
tr	O	Amy wasn 't sure if she would follow through on such a threat , but George knew there would be no mercy for him if she did .
tr	I	His blood had smeared the bedding , and the dish towel she 'd wrapped around Clay 's wound had fallen off .
tr	O	Fridays , people want to blow off some steam after working all week , and the improv stage is very active .
tr	O	You 're physically stronger than all of us , but you are by far the weakest amongst us right now .
tr	I	Her furrowed brow gave her away , but she smiled .
tr	O	Six was what they 'd been told , but it could be longer .
tr	I	One of the assistants was up on the wagon and the auctioneer had got back on the platform he had rigged on the back of his pickup .
tr	O	I didn 't want to figure out where the parking lot was , and I could ask the valet how to get to the tennis courts .
tr	O	He was older , of course , but Daniel would know those eyes anywhere .
tr	I	I glanced up , meeting his eyes and Brody swore softly .
tr	O	My father had taken it as plunder in a far-off campaign and it was her most prized possession .
tr	I	Soon I 'm on Goodwin land again and I walk alongside the lake .
tr	O	He waves his hand in the air , and a staff member comes running over with a silver tray filled with food .
tr	I	They taught your loved ones went to Heaven after they passed away and they were brought up in a Methodist Church .
tr	I	He knew she 'd been watching for him , and the girl in the tea shop flushed when she saw him .
tr	O	Porsche glanced at me , and I shrugged .
tr	I	He had no idea why , and clearly this man hated him .
tr	O	Eugene Balthasar disrupted that order , and that is why he died .
tr	O	I couldn 't stand getting my shoes dirty , and he never forgave me .
tr	O	I called James , and we spoke for nearly an hour before we reluctantly said goodnight .
tr	O	My voice rose and I pulled away .
tr	O	They were illegal , but that didn 't mean that the vicious fights didn 't happen .
tr	I	Fire streaks up my thigh , and I test my left hip , the one that took the impact , by taking a step .
tr	I	I wanted to understand , but I didn 't mean to interrupt him .
tr	I	Her whole body trembled with desire , and he pushed softly against her opening .
tr	I	Alfred returned to the plantation and when she died , she was set free .
tr	O	I realize we did everything backwards , but I can promise you that I will continue to take care of her .
tr	I	She didn 't trust Farrell to give her a glowing recommendation , but she had to find another job immediately , a well-paying job .
tr	I	You cannot reach them ; but we tried once , yes , precious , I tried once .
tr	I	We find ourselves standing on the front steps and she tosses her keys to the valet .
tr	O	I don 't have anything to throw at her or I would .
tr	I	He kept her covered , using his body as a shield , and they fell to the ground .
tr	I	It apparently accounted for a lot of things , but I 'd never seen this budget plan .
tr	O	He tried to shift to reverse , but the gear stick would not move .
tr	I	Colt replaced it for Noah a couple years back , but my uncle hung the swing when we were about eleven .
tr	I	I chased after the twins and I was splashed with water .
tr	I	The fish didn 't seem very hungry yet , but his father reached over to bob the line .
tr	I	The boy looked less than amused , but he chuckled .
tr	O	I was planning on spending some time in the quiet corner of the bookstore , but that 's not going to happen now .
tr	I	He turned his head to see the rainbow fading , and he could feel himself dropping .
tr	O	A flash of red caught his eye , and Marcus glanced up .
tr	I	She knew enough about him to write a book , and he was sincere .
tr	I	I can tell he 's upset , and his eyes start to dart around the car .
tr	I	I 'm sorry , but I 'll file a report .
tr	I	We were all sitting around the judge 's desk in his chambers , but I expected we 'd be having this conversation in a courtroom .
tr	I	I couldn 't be that guy , but I thought about calling just to check in on her .
tr	I	She started really looking forward to having some fun for once and Lauren knew that her sister liked to dance as much as she did .
tr	O	She felt herself choke up again , but she said nothing .
tr	O	You 're sexy , intriguing , and you look damn good in my shower .
tr	I	He might rob a store , and make a man hungry enough .
tr	I	Now leaving was the last thing I wanted to do , but I had thought Ashley 's pity was the sign I needed .
tr	I	She knew very well that she wasn 't unattractive , either , but no one had ever called Allie a ravishing beauty .
tr	I	The whispering session became more heated , and several minutes passed .
tr	I	I recognize the voice by now , but she won 't give her name .
tr	O	Luminous lichen grew along many of the walls and he was able to study me by the light of a thick patch .
tr	I	He bent to pick it up , and a coin lay at his feet .
tr	I	She knew he had perfectly gauged the situation , and there were a number of personnel going about their business , glancing at them with idle curiosity .
tr	I	He lets go of her hand , and Tammie watches dark clouds smolder in his eyes .
tr	O	I tried to force the stage door closed to cut down the air draft but the heat was blasting through the doorway .
tr	I	Aria knew he was watching everything , but he stood talking with Loran .
tr	I	Sutter jumped in his chair and Thomas stood from the table .
tr	I	If not , then she could bring up the marriage idea again with more finesse , and maybe he would have an idea .
tr	O	I promised Matilda that I 'll come back for a visit and I intend to do just that .
tr	O	Kylie waited for disbelief to appear on the vampire 's face , or the you 're a lizard response everyone else had given her .
tr	I	Yes I 'm sure , and you 're a doctor !
tr	O	Noah shifted his body , and his hands curled around Claire 's shoulders .
tr	I	He was right , but L.J. was guessing .
tr	O	She isn 't as hard core in beliefs as you are and she called in heresy .
tr	O	This wasn 't the first time and it wouldn 't be the last .
tr	I	I laughed , and she yelled .
tr	O	He 'd always been muscular , but all the training had made him more so .
tr	O	She opened her mouth to protest , but he quickly cut her off .
tr	O	All color had vanished , but at least she could see his heart beating in the band 's shiny surface .
tr	I	She didn 't like it at all and she felt so isolated , cut off from the important business of the castle .
tr	I	I looked up to see Joaquim , and a tray plunked down opposite me .
tr	I	There was nothing to show just who was mounted on those horses , but whoever was riding herd on them was riding the rustlers ' horses .
tr	O	We eat our history and it is not lost .
tr	O	The only sounds were the wind in the trees , and our feet scraping against the gravel alongside the road .
tr	O	Brodie 's lips turned into a snarl again , but Tavis silenced him with a quick look .
tr	I	Like many old people he had too much skin and he was old .
tr	O	My answer satisfied him , and he said no more .
tr	I	She had to be handled with kid gloves , and Hettie was a powerful force in Last Chance .
tr	O	By evening his little body was burning hot and he became listless , often shivering .
tr	I	Luckily it started the first time without even a back fire , and Matthew reached his truck .
tr	O	He hears a woman 's voice softly calling , but he cannot make out the words .
tr	I	She turned back to me , and I touched her shoulder .
tr	I	His eyes narrow , and Ryland 's head goes up like a bloodhound 's scenting game .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to be late for my own wedding , but I nearly tripped over my own feet .
tr	I	The windows on every stair landing projected light into the surrounding obscurity , and the ground floor lobby glowed with invitation .
tr	O	Chapter Fourteen It was her wedding day and Jasmine was having a difficult time breathing .
tr	O	Each member would watch the backs of the others and at the end of the day they would divide the take .
tr	I	She fidgeted with her hands , and Ellie 's eyes were wide .
tr	I	He would let her , and she wanted to gloat .
tr	I	Ellie could see the fear on her face but Linda stepped back .
tr	I	I am me , and I wouldn 't trust me !
tr	O	I love you , Rachel , and I need you .
tr	I	His eyes widened with surprise , and Tonk Fah 's shirt drained of color .
tr	O	The door opened wide , and her name was called through .
tr	O	He was quiet , too , and the silence felt a little awkward .
tr	O	Four doctors had testified in behalf of the defendant and it looked overwhelmingly in the defendant 's favor .
tr	I	It was getting closer and yes , I caught a glimpse of the other river bank .
tr	I	She drew back slightly and tears immediately appeared .
tr	I	It took me hours to peel my body from the bed and Chapter 12 I woke up at five .
tr	O	My mind started to drift a little and the reality in front of me changed .
tr	O	He starts to stroke my hair , and I press myself to his chest .
tr	I	I saw nothing , and I looked ahead .
tr	O	The television was off and there was no music .
tr	O	Our gazes lock and I am speechless , utterly engrossed in the power of this moment .
tr	O	I want to collapse into his arms , but he carefully lets go of me .
tr	I	Doug grabbed her hand , pulling her aside , but Juliette continued forward .
tr	I	That wasn 't quite the same , but her father had taught her calculus .
tr	I	It had taken a while ; but I had just about recovered from the fact that he hadn 't told me anything about it before we married .
tr	O	I have no idea what she 's doing , but it feels like I should look away .
tr	O	It was the first time Selena heard him yelling , and this stunned her even more than the shot did .
tr	I	He didn 't really know where he had been himself - but Thor wished he knew how to respond .
tr	O	It was difficult to get the best people , but again , his father-in-law was not without influence .
tr	O	The passage was tight and I dropped my backpack .
tr	I	Mayank understood it that the boss perceived this meeting also as a business deal and the boss wore his mask as usual .
tr	I	I 'm long past the need , but I know he hopes to protect me .
tr	I	It wasn 't , but nemesis focused his gaze to an alleyway off to the west just to make sure the darkness wasn 't a malfunction .
tr	O	It 's complicated , but it will work .
tr	I	I push down the sorrow , but as always , he evokes echoes of Doc .
tr	I	His proposal had been motivated more by his fear that someone else might ask her first , but she 'd already fallen in love with him .
tr	I	There was no breeze as the men continued to try to understand the problems they were facing and the temperature was approaching ninety degrees .
tr	I	This time he was human , and she tightened her brows again .
tr	O	His voice was husky , and it showed her more than words ever could .
tr	O	She hated the smell of blood , but its taste was much more sickening .
tr	I	It could be bad ... or that was good news .
tr	I	You know what else , and this strain is nasty ?
tr	O	I was reliving the scene , but seeing it with different eyes .
tr	I	I trusted him , but he 'd been pretty secretive about our final evening together .
tr	O	Nate felt no closer to finding John than when they had started , and now they had lost a member of their rescue team .
tr	I	With the cold weather , I might be able to freeze to death , but I wished I could find a place to stay .
tr	I	We can hear every single word , but as always , his voice is dangerously quiet .
tr	I	Soon they were on their way , and he joined her around the other side .
tr	O	You don 't just fall in love in a day and you don 't fall in love in one day either .
tr	O	I don 't remember her , but I do remember wanting to find her .
tr	I	I couldn 't look away and he smiled his movie star smile at me .
tr	O	I was mesmerized by how it felt sticky and I could create a swirling pattern with it .
tr	I	She suddenly felt dizzy , but he was steadying her .
tr	O	Peyton tried to smile , but I could tell she was uncomfortable .
tr	O	He left the subtext unspoken , but I suspected he was right .
tr	I	He 's not shy about claiming them , and he wants everything , every little shard that I have left .
tr	I	I turn my head toward her and my eyelids gradually open .
tr	I	Flora tells her to just ignore them , but Miss Giddens hears cries in the night .
tr	I	No son had been another disappointment to her father and having only two daughters .
tr	O	She was angry with her father but Ryland couldn 't read why .
tr	I	She could concentrate on building her business and if Ric signed the papers , that complication would be gone .
tr	O	Strung tight , he was the one that needed calming now and he wouldn 't find the relief he sought if she continued her sensual moves .
tr	I	They marched toward the achievement of that purpose relentlessly ... and this was a force with a purpose .
tr	O	Her features were smaller than normal , but years of wisdom filled her face .
tr	O	I hastily began to look for some sort of weapon but my search was cut short when my door flew open .
tr	I	He straightens and his eyes open .
tr	I	He just told me he gave them a warning but I asked him what he had said to them .
tr	I	She didn 't do anything to put his mind at ease , but Prue knew James was the cause .
tr	O	His lungs burned , making it difficult to breathe , but he was fairly certain they 'd have enough air to reach the window .
tr	O	The storm 's passed and the plows are out .
tr	I	She was sure the wall hadn 't been there before , but sixteen years was a long time .
tr	I	Dham 's hand on my arm stops me , but I am getting ready to cross the street .
tr	I	Her injuries had healed and the doctors had explained it was best that Christina remain in a coma until the swelling of her brain had gone down .
tr	O	He chuckled , and I froze .
tr	O	A stop sign was planted to one side , and it had a card dangling from a peg that had READ ME FIRST written on the back .
tr	I	I could feel it slide through me as I swallowed , and it burned my tongue .
tr	O	It is impressive , but there is no section that names Poetry .
tr	I	I doubt they have anything to do with this lesson , but I see him scribble a few lines on a page .
tr	I	I was so drained that I didn 't press it , but it seemed very odd to me .
tr	I	He kept holding her , and he bowed his head .
tr	O	My body froze , tightened , and I couldn 't move away .
tr	O	Cal had planned to use his next captive in conjunction with a new attack but her escape had forced him to go on the run .
tr	O	Thor 's heart pounded , but he knew he could not back down .
tr	I	He grinned as Spock sprinted back to drop the stick at our feet , and Tyler 's eyes followed the dog .
tr	O	I start to say , and he cuts me off .
tr	I	I never claimed to be a saint , but I know that sounds like an awful thing to say .
tr	I	We would never know for sure , but I hoped he had made it .
tr	O	The cry was his , but he couldn 't speak .
tr	O	Raven couldn 't hear their words , but the body language was unfriendly .
tr	O	I wanted him there , but I wasn 't about to piss him off by saying it .
tr	O	Jon didn 't want to return to police work , and he was running out of time to develop another source of income .
tr	I	I breathed in and the elevator sounded .
tr	O	It shouldn 't hurt this much after a full year and yet it did .
tr	I	He wanted more , but the pain in his Mark had eased .
tr	I	He paused , glancing down below , and his feet slid again .
tr	O	It seemed for a moment that he 'd reconsider , but then he shook his head .
tr	I	He is a man of high standing , and she belongs to Black Crow .
tr	O	Caleb fell silent as he turned toward it , and Madison blinked against the sudden glare of headlights .
tr	I	That was final and I would go .
tr	I	His hand moved to brush her upper thigh , and his grin turned wicked .
tr	O	The vampire had a plan and her body was so on board .
tr	I	Duke comes in , and she steps aside .
tr	O	I wonder who ´ s winning and I hope it ´ s us .
tr	I	After a moment , it stilled , but the room spun in a whirl .
tr	O	Isaac had been given a briefing already and he didn 't feel like reiterating everything for him .
tr	I	She withdrew it and the thermometer beeped .
tr	O	If it fell into the wrong hands , the information would be used in a malevolent way and it 's too important for that .
tr	O	He didn 't know how , but he would find a way .
tr	I	Arnie points at the window , but the others they just ignore him .
tr	O	Angelica 's smile had frozen and she adjusted the seam on her left glove .
tr	O	He didn 't react , but still she knew the agony Stryker harbored .
tr	O	Dio gave Misty another curt nod , but his eyes were hard .
tr	O	I threw a furtive look back over my shoulder to make sure I wasn 't being observed , and then I cheated .
tr	O	I braced myself for the smell I associated with dead bodies , but I detected only the dank vegetation surrounding us .
tr	I	The next task is too difficult to be performed by only me , but I regret having to wake her .
tr	O	I could only imagine what he was thinking but there was one thing I knew for certain .
tr	I	It probably needs to be done , but I don 't look forward to doing it a second time .
tr	I	Her cheek came to rest in the palm of his hand and she inclined her head .
tr	O	I made sure to leave Mindy a note , but she had a tendency to forget I existed .
tr	O	I want you to trust me , and I know I 'll have to earn your trust .
tr	O	I disapprove of chopping down trees as a general rule , but we needed a lot of firewood in a hurry .
tr	O	I laughed and she started laughing too .
tr	O	The air was damp and a foul musty smell was clawing at him from every corner of the chamber .
tr	O	I 'm taking both back with me , but the important part is the Lander .
tr	O	His teeth scraped tender skin , and a small whimper escaped Kelly 's lips before he could stop himself .
tr	O	she exclaimed as her arms fell from his shoulders and she rushed to the closet to grab her clothes .
tr	I	They import American clothes and we import Italian clothes .
tr	O	The engine on his bike roars and he 's gone .
tr	O	The death of his previous laird had left him unemployed and his absence at that battle had led to rumors that he had betrayed that laird .
tr	O	Life is tough and food is scarce .
tr	I	Attached to the harnesses was a tightly wound thin , strong , climbing wire , and their belts were actually full harnesses .
tr	O	He had not been blessed with good looks at birth , and life had done nothing to improve things for the poor man .
tr	O	The pain on her face multiplied and if I saw what I thought I did , a flash of anger sparked , too .
tr	O	I 'm grateful that you 're both here , and I wanted to inform you that I 'm available to help in any way .
tr	I	One day I see it , and always it is something they want .
tr	O	My heart is throbbing painfully in my throat , and my mouth tastes like smoke .
tr	O	She was tracking two vampires , brothers , and her ears twitched when she sensed them .
tr	O	They already looked clean , but she didn 't argue .
tr	O	I looked lifeless , but he couldn 't let them desecrate my body anymore .
tr	O	She stretched herself as far as she could , but it was not enough .
tr	I	She stiffened and as if in answer , her breath caught .
tr	O	I attempt to tell him that he has had one for lunch but he insists that was yesterday .
tr	O	He was weak , and she killed him .
tr	O	He looked around , hoping for an answer , but no one said a word .
tr	I	It had enough power to carry large boulders by as if they were empty soda cans , but he couldn 't guess its depth .
tr	O	They fought their way across a busy road and she felt light drops of rain begin to fall .
tr	O	We came out of the cave , and I looked off toward the east .
tr	I	Galen pushed the chair in for him and Sam sat .
tr	I	She could still see the edge of his green jerkin , but William had slipped back into the shadows of the trees .
tr	I	I had to do what was right now , but it was too little , much too late .
tr	O	Everyone had a job to do , and they got to it .
tr	O	He turned to face her , and the bitterness in his expression made her catch her breath .
tr	I	I scowled , and Blake laughed .
tr	I	Alyosha left the sword embedded in him , and he stepped backwards .
tr	O	The Shifters in front of the pack , mostly wolves , drew back a little , but their growling didn 't cease .
tr	I	I looked from my husband to the witch and my head jerked .
tr	O	He laughed and I grinned .
tr	I	Elliot was grateful for the distraction the computer provided , and she appeared relaxed .
tr	O	I couldn 't stand them , but I kept that to myself .
tr	O	Still sitting , he held out his arms , and she leaned into his embrace .
tr	I	I looked down , and the statement made me blush .
tr	I	They removed their light jackets and it had become quite warm .
tr	O	Jess moved faster now and when she was within reach of Johnnie , she slipped her arms around his waist .
tr	O	Bethan had begged her to stay in Queenstown for the extra day , but Claire felt no pull to stay in the famous town .
tr	O	We 're in about fifty feet in from the entrance now and the rusted rails for the mining cars appear out of the dirt .
tr	O	I didn 't know the agent personally , but I would .
tr	I	They drew close together , and before she could speak , he covered her mouth with his .
tr	I	Some form waits behind the desk , but I cannot see it from where I am .
tr	I	She 'd ruin everything for her parents , or she had to pull her shit together .
tr	I	There was no one there , but I said , turning to the person who tapped my shoulder .
tr	I	His seemed to be missing , and every Carpathian needed a built-in warning system .
tr	I	He had won -- but sure , Eddie was in a terrible mess .
tr	I	He holds her upright but her knees give way .
tr	I	He tried not to let his hopes get too high , but he might have appealed to their pride a little bit .
tr	O	The door opened and he went through .
tr	I	His big friendly eyes looked concerned and his blond hair was cut short .
tr	O	A slender , sexy brunette popped into his mind but he quickly dismissed Elissa as the cook .
tr	I	There was a bloody handprint on the hilt , and the steel of the blade wasn 't as brilliant as he 'd thought .
tr	O	One lift later the scroll was his , and he sat once again to read it .
tr	O	He lifted our joined hands , brushing the middle finger of his free hand over my knuckles and I got lost in his eyes again .
tr	I	Sending sick people reduced that likelihood and the mission planners wanted the greatest chance of success for the new colony .
tr	O	Luther was wild-eyed , and his feet were smoldering .
tr	I	Mom nodded , and I asked .
tr	I	I have the awards to prove it , and I 'm damned good at my job .
tr	I	Auntie Eugenie was stronger , but he might be strong .
tr	O	She tried to look at the new girl , but she couldn 't just stare .
tr	I	She was turning sixteen and Avril 's birthday was in a week .
tr	I	She tried to blow it off , but Olivia was insulted by the gesture , given her tenure .
tr	I	Erica was grateful for the respite and she had the cabin to herself .
tr	I	It sure isn 't going to be that , but I don 't know what 's going on .
tr	O	There was no need to raise suspicion with police , and no identifiable source for the fire would raise suspicion .
tr	I	He shivered again and he saw his breath billow forth in the moonlight .
tr	I	He didn 't usually carry that with him , but the animal skinned cloak that he wore now kept him warm .
tr	O	We can prolong their life , their youth , but they are still human in a land where no one else is .
tr	I	Edson releases him and Alton shakes his head .
tr	O	Gideon 's still gathering intel , but the Agency is keeping a lot of it close to their chest .
tr	O	Marianna hadn 't expected to end the day riding in Sebastian 's Beemer , and she resented being here now .
tr	O	He can comprehend some things , but how much did he really know of what he was letting himself in for ?
tr	I	She felt the finality of that one single action and he shook his head .
tr	I	I 'm rather looking forward to it , and I expect it 's coming , though .
tr	O	Just thinking about another twelve hours wedged between him and Mr Grumpy made her shiver , despite the heat .
tr	I	She found herself smiling back and he smiled at her again .
tr	I	Her thinking he was the best thing since sex was invented , and reaching a loud , simultaneous climax in each other 's arms .
tr	O	I started him with fastballs , and he didn 't appear to be intimidated .
tr	I	We don 't want to do anything we don 't have to , but you could have used fashion tape to hold the hair in place .
tr	O	Adam heard the door fly open and Bill 's footsteps rush in .
tr	O	She said something to the girls and their jaws dropped , Colette coming over to me , ignoring all of the eyes on us .
tr	O	I had started it , but she had won it .
tr	I	I was starting to regret it , and clearly no one had bothered to tell me about all the dangers of this journey .
tr	I	It already looked soaked into the ground , draining into a grate in the center of the room , and the prison were bare weeks old .
tr	O	Every time they come they are different but every time they are beautiful .
tr	O	He 's a stickler on the rules but if you follow them he 'll be the first one to back you up .
tr	O	I was well rested and the miles went quickly .
tr	I	It lasted no longer than that , but she felt a moment 's sadness at their passing .
tr	O	He was tall , graceful , supremely confident , and she knew he was going to kill her .
tr	O	You were not unconscious , but you did not rule your body .
tr	O	My house was on a well with its own pump , and my whole house generator was in perfect working order as I always maintained it .
tr	I	I won 't be so lenient , and step out of line again .
tr	O	The day of the muster came at last and we were kept busy from early dawn , getting the Villa ready .
tr	I	You can tell , but she 's quiet about it .
tr	I	He praised her again , and she did as he directed .
tr	O	Finn gently touched the rough , dark gray stonewall , and it unfolded a staircase for him .
tr	O	I fell into the tattoo business when I was young , and I stuck with it because I 'm good at it .
tr	I	The bike veered forward again , turning into my street and I nodded , letting him know that I accepted it .
tr	O	He started with the button at the top of his pants , and I rolled over .
tr	I	She cringed inwardly , praying he wouldn 't notice her blush and her cheeks grew instantly hot .
tr	I	He couldn 't seem to articulate , but the slick man 's mouth opened .
tr	O	With every rep he came back up and I saw the rest of the gym through his eyes .
tr	I	She wanted to unleash one more blast , but she felt a little ragged .
tr	I	They 're getting really tight nowadays , but I thought I had a shot at more grants .
tr	I	He wanted all the world to know it , and they were , in a word , happy .
tr	O	I needed coffee since I hadn 't actually eaten anything during my lunch and my stomach was growling .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to explain , and Will jumped in .
tr	I	He swings his arm around me , pulling me close to him and I laugh .
tr	I	Julian suspected she was trying to be polite , but she 'd blamed it on her inexperience with a large family .
tr	I	She looked up in surprise and Michelle was at the front desk .
tr	O	The mighty coliseum looks as though it would house a battle ground for gladiators , but its true purpose is nothing more than a glorified prison .
tr	O	I was so afraid and I just wanted to live .
tr	O	She took his hand , and when his warm , strong fingers closed around hers , she felt better .
tr	O	There were six horses tied off to trees that surrounded us , and we each headed for one .
tr	I	I moaned at the feeling of calmness that was overtaking my body , and the tension crept out of my pores as his fingers banished it .
tr	O	She didn 't know what would happen next , but for that moment , they were alive .
tr	I	I liked her , but it was different .
tr	I	She had declined , though why she couldn 't imagine and he 'd made the offer .
tr	O	He cocked his head and I pushed him onto the bed before slowly getting on top of him .
tr	O	At the time I assumed it was a passing infatuation , but time would change my reality .
tr	I	This was the one time he would not have it , but his brother had been counting on his allegiance .
tr	I	The moon began giving off anomalous transmissions , and the story evolved .
tr	O	I tried grabbing it back , but he was too tall .
tr	I	The toothy smile on his face left me hopeful that maybe sex wasn 't his only motive but his shoulders dropped in obvious disappointment .
tr	I	I squeezed my eyes shut as I dropped to the waiting ground , and my head filled with the same intense ringing she 'd caused before .
tr	I	Reality settled down on them like a comfortable blanket and the magical moment had passed .
tr	I	I 'd declined every offer as nicely as I could , but she wanted to help me pack my father 's things .
tr	I	She ventured a glance at his face , and he plucked the jar from her hand .
tr	I	I took off my jacket to help with the shoveling , and a shovel was then placed into my hands .
tr	I	This absence often made him feel painfully alone , and he 'd never had the chance to know his mother .
tr	O	Her hands were clammy , and she wiped them on her jeans .
tr	I	He had good times with those he had , but he didn 't have a lot of friends .
tr	O	The cuff on her left wrist burned even through his clothing where her arm rested against his chest , but it didn 't matter .
tr	O	No identification had been found on either one , and neither was talking .
tr	O	I expected no better from Tom David , but Todd could have given me a hand .
tr	O	She was as much inside him as he was in her , and she felt the ice cold of his bitter , merciless resolve .
tr	I	Laura had explicit instructions to give him her contact information and he knew where Laura lived .
tr	O	Now Elena needed one more magical door , and she didn 't know how to find one .
tr	I	She 'd volunteered to help in Dallas 's class that day , but Preston would 've invited her .
tr	O	His whole body starts shuddering , but I keep my lips pressed to his until I have to come up for air .
tr	O	I loved baseball , and I hated gymnastics .
tr	O	When I arrived at the bookstore , Dara was dusting the shelves , and I found Tom working on spreadsheets at the front counter .
tr	I	I wince at the name , sick , and she repeats .
tr	O	The men were wavering , but there was still some doubt in their faces .
tr	O	The hairs on my hand rose up and a tingly sensation run up my fingers .
tr	I	His whole body ached , and his eyes felt like they were weighed down by lead .
tr	I	That wasn 't unusual for me , but I had missed school .
tr	I	Now there was no time for that , but he preferred his meat well done .
tr	I	He struck me again , but I twisted my rapier , tearing his flesh .
tr	O	Now the two of you just go home now and I 'll forget all about this .
tr	O	The elevator opened and they stumbled together into the private hallway outside their hotel suite .
tr	I	It was extremely hot and he felt his forehead .
tr	O	There wasn 't time to argue , but the prospect of facing her mother filled Jamie with dread .
tr	I	There was no room to maneuver and he could not get anywhere though , for they were packed too tight .
tr	I	I endeavoured to be hers and she was my rock .
tr	I	We got through it , but it hurt both of us .
tr	O	I wasn 't ready to look at him , but Max moved his head to look at him .
tr	I	For some reason he didn 't , but he should have looked totally ridiculous in the small car .
tr	O	Again , there was no tone change , but everyone could sense sadness in her voice .
tr	O	It 's been a long time since she 's just gotten away from everything , and she loves Paris .
tr	I	He had to say something , but he was afraid to assume that it might fuel the same type of resentment .
tr	I	He knew that Argon lived alone , in a stone cottage , on the northern outskirts of Boulder Plains , and he stood near a crossroads .
tr	O	He inserted a twenty , and coins came clinking out like he 'd won a jackpot .
tr	O	Lionel 's head snapped back , and he staggered against the wall .
tr	O	He heard that , and he understood .
tr	I	His voice dropped lower , and he laughed , smug .
tr	O	Mutual laughter filled both their minds and they broke the connection .
tr	I	I heard his thoughts deciding which Resistance members he would send and I could see the wheels turning in Avalon 's head .
tr	O	The exhibition bout was finally over and Amber ran out of the locker room to meet me .
tr	I	I wanted her happy and she 'd only worry over me .
tr	O	Will 's arm goes around me and he gives my shoulders a quick squeeze .
tr	I	Mary 's plan had proceeded without her , and they had captured the train .
tr	O	This is the farthest I 've ever jumped , no question about it , and I didn 't even do it on purpose .
tr	O	The tendons in John 's arm tightened , but his grip didn 't .
tr	O	Realizing the best way to avoid the spider would be to get low , and fast , I dropped to the floor on all fours .
tr	I	The floor was trashed with huge gouges and there were piles of demolished furniture everywhere .
tr	O	I quickly corrected myself , and she nodded in approval when I used her first name .
tr	I	The war never ceased but Skull was dead .
tr	O	Mason tries to take another step , but I shake my head violently .
tr	I	I smiled back and he lifted his hand in a wave .
tr	O	I sighed in pleasure , and my hands gripped his waist as he rocked into me gently .
tr	I	Will continued to watch us , but Rashad poked Will 's shoulder .
tr	O	His eyelids flicker , but that is all .
tr	I	I 'm done with drinking , and I 'm done with those .
tr	I	Bryson was staring up at him , and Michael turned his attention back to the trench .
tr	O	His arm ached by the time he had finished , and the construction hung in the air like a wall of glowing lines .
tr	O	Being blunt can be cute in a manager , but it 's is not a sought after quality in folks higher up on the food chain .
tr	O	Dr. Spence didn 't mention the dispute about medication to us , and we may need to come back to him about that later .
tr	O	Lucas shivered , and I didn 't think it was because of the cold .
tr	I	Peyton would possibly never find out and sure , I could nail her .
tr	I	The lights overhead intensified then returned to normal and the front door burst open on its own .
tr	I	I pulled his head down , hungrily kissing him as I ran my hands down his back and my chest squeezed at his endearment .
tr	O	The woman held her palms out and Zook could feel the energy she called upon .
tr	I	A barn coat tossed over a chair back and it was a house where a towel could be hung on a doorknob .
tr	I	That didn 't mean someone couldn 't somehow climb up from below , but we didn 't have steps leading from the deck .
tr	O	Her hand is over her mouth and her eyes are wide , tearful .
tr	O	He leaned forward , and they began to chat .
tr	I	They never traded goods in Quarry but some guessed they were traveling traders .
tr	O	I whack the male over the head with my bat and it falls to the floor .
tr	O	He was only halfway in her , but the sudden flood of lubrication gave her no traction to delay further .
tr	O	If they believed , the evil would be gone and they could be that which they used to be .
tr	I	I follow her and Rosie climbs on .
tr	O	When nothing happened , she finally let out a sigh that shifted through her shoulders , and she gradually put the fire extinguisher down .
tr	I	Newspapers neatly stacked in the corner and the living room had been straightened .
tr	I	He tightens his arms around me and I nestle into his chest once again .
tr	I	I doubted she ever would , but I knew she was trying to understand what I was saying .
tr	I	The old man started back , and a small orange beak popped out from the darkness .
tr	O	Your ma 's dead , but you 're not .
tr	O	Dozens of questions buzz my head but I lock them away to feed my hunger .
tr	I	Never once did she attempt to attack him , but for days he had been at her mercy .
tr	I	She had been rejected by them , but in the dream , there had been others around her .
tr	I	I gave it to him and he tilted his head slightly to catch my gaze .
tr	O	I wasn 't choosing my words as carefully as I should , but I went on , anyway .
tr	O	Saga stood on the right , Liz on the left , and Jin stood in the middle .
tr	O	Later the adventurers had gone thru many different types of difficult terrain and after some effort they were finally at the feet of the Freemont Mountains .
tr	I	She had to catch up with Jol before her dad arrived and the time was 11.30 pm .
tr	I	Senator Davis went to greet them and a couple walked in the door .
tr	I	I 'm an ass and you 're the best .
tr	I	He rubbed them together to dissipate the sensation and his fingers were still buzzing .
tr	I	His skin was astonishingly soft , yet his muscles were surprisingly hard .
tr	I	Marnie was a platinum blond , and Judith had long black hair .
tr	I	She also tells me we never wiped our feet and Youth is a welcome mat she tells me .
tr	O	It wasn 't the most eloquent speech ever , but Henry didn 't seem to care .
tr	I	On this he was adamant but Max had let her have her way on most things .
tr	I	I step in front of her , but she braces herself on the counter as if she 's about to slide off .
tr	O	They had all been warned at school about strange men , but she never in her life thought that it could happen in her own home .
tr	O	Her face was pinched and her expression was disapproving .
tr	I	They glowed a dangerous shade of crimson , and rage grew to spark in his eyes .
tr	O	He is my everything and I just wish that my parents would see what I see in him .
tr	O	I hadn 't realized that until now , but I didn 't doubt that was part of her reaction .
tr	O	Now I don 't remember if I 'd mentioned this , but the missile was probably at least fifty feet off the ground .
tr	O	She let go of his hand , but he did not forget the feel of it .
tr	I	Another one was right behind it , but I wiped it away .
tr	O	Rachel froze him with a stare , and Rusty immediately grew respectful .
tr	O	He tasted her , drawing her deep within him , and she melted into the touch .
tr	O	She stiffened and Simon retreated .
tr	I	Dimitri almost groaned as one soft breast came precariously close to the edge of the bubbles that were quickly disintegrating and she raised her bare shoulders .
tr	O	He watched the monitors in his desk and after the encounter in the trophy room he was sure that the boy was in reality his great-granddaughter .
tr	I	He didn 't seek it out , but he wasn 't afraid of it .
tr	I	I could not get their glimpses but I looked around .
tr	O	He was sure she was mixed up in the book affair , but he began to doubt she was a killer .
tr	I	It was hard , but tried not to look at him at all , in fact .
tr	O	Vic 's eye snapped open , and he regarded me with a sympathetic expression .
tr	O	I 'd just walked in from outside , so I pretended it was from that , but really it had been my nerves .
tr	I	Imagine me the way I used to be , but look , I know I 'm blind now .
tr	I	I took advantage of it , and I knew she had a thing for me .
tr	I	She was with him every step of the way and he set a relentless pace .
tr	O	He laughed at her , and she couldn 't hold it in as she laughed softly with him .
tr	I	I believe him and he promised to let us return to our lives when the danger had passed .
tr	I	The woman was freakishly strong but Serenity tried to pull away .
tr	O	Something rustled behind him and Sami snapped back to reality .
tr	I	He 's patient , but he hates losing .
tr	O	I knew how important it was to him and it had also become extremely valuable to me because of what it symbolized .
tr	O	Their conversation paused and his palms dampened .
tr	O	By now all three were alive and their wounds were healed .
tr	O	I want to ask Robin to do one more thing , but fear keeps me quiet for a moment .
tr	I	Yet , conversely , Butch had stopped barking , and I felt like I was no longer alone .
tr	O	No one seemed to understand her , and her voice grew more panicked .
tr	O	His hand cupped my elbow , and I nearly jumped out of my skin .
tr	O	He had no idea how , but there could be no other explanation .
tr	O	His full lips were set tight , and his eyes were now guarded .
tr	O	Guys are fun and we 're okay .
tr	O	I look up at Jason 's silhouette , kneeling in front of something , but I can 't make out what it is .
tr	O	She could feel the heat of his gaze on her face , but she refused to acknowledge him .
tr	I	Its place was the one back into my room and I couldn 't bear to watch anymore so I closed my eyes until the portal faded .
tr	O	I slipped under after a while , but memories kept cutting through my head .
tr	I	Her eyes aged as she reminisced and she tilted her head at me .
tr	I	The port had a welcoming festive appearance , and lights sparkled on the harbor waters .
tr	I	Then the cat moved , its powerful muscles rippling as it glided silently toward her , but for a moment she stared , almost frozen in place .
tr	I	She seemed unable to comprehend the truth of his words , and Julie shifted her head from side to side .
tr	I	The back side was also blank , but I hastily flipped the paper over .
tr	I	This time it was a metaphorical stamping of the foot , but she 'd demanded an answer to that question before .
tr	I	The hinges squeaked as if it hadn 't been used in a long time , but the door was unlocked .
tr	O	The guy was not in sight and I could not determine where his voice was coming from .
tr	O	Hancock tried to pull her away and she rounded furiously on him .
tr	I	She bent her head and Nell 's vision blurred .
tr	I	The killer could see that she was having trouble but the woman tried to calm herself .
tr	O	He might even have stopped but the fragrance faded so he continued his march .
tr	I	Cooper pulls me in , stabilizing me in every way , and I stagger back .
tr	I	Suddenly my hands were shaking , but maybe it was just nerves .
tr	O	The streets were still wet and occasional cars splashed through puddles .
tr	O	He wanted to crush her to him , but he forced his hold to stay gentle .
tr	O	It wasn 't his answer , but the way he said it .
tr	I	Thankfully neither was he and she wasn 't a big talker in the bedroom .
tr	I	She was not looking at him but Elliot looked at Ross .
tr	I	There was a growing air of fury around her , but Jenna looked about ready to cry .
tr	I	Jake couldn 't give in , but it was a beautiful face .
tr	I	We were certainly making up for lost time and this was the first holiday I had taken with the lads .
tr	O	Kae joined them and together their swords were raised towards their common enemy .
tr	O	I was on a roll , and there was no stopping me .
tr	I	Their barbaric nature makes them the most dangerous enemies that we have ever come across and they have no conscious .
tr	O	The door jerked in her hand , and Dimitri 's smile became more pleased .
tr	I	She sits up with a start and Lisa Everett 's eyes flash open .
tr	I	I wondered sometimes , with a few of them , but I never asked any of them what they visualized .
tr	O	Stars flash in his eyes , and his arms were thrown apart .
tr	I	She didn 't have to torch his Excursion , but he might have slanted his stories a bit .
tr	O	That was a slight exaggeration , as I actually did have to go seeking one ... but I was right on my first try .
tr	I	The room looked amazing , and they 'd worked hard .
tr	I	I can 't afford to have it broken and as I said , it 's not a toy .
tr	O	It hurt a bit , but I 'd had worse .
tr	I	She growled , and Molloy 's gaze narrowed .
tr	O	His eyes grew dark , and he reached for her hand .
tr	O	I estimated she was approaching fifty , and the years had been hard .
tr	I	Jason wasn 't even struggling to get free , and Truth was , Hope had him wrapped around her little finger .
tr	I	Austin was fine with that , and they didn 't talk for the rest of the day .
tr	I	He 's pretty savvy , and he 's twelve also .
tr	O	She 's being a little too giddy , and I 'm not sure that I like it .
tr	I	He jumped out into traffic and just a few steps more .
tr	O	It was a question , but he didn 't answer it .
tr	I	It was obvious that the train station was the town 's center , and the streets arched away from the platform like sunrays .
tr	I	We saved for years when we both worked so we could buy them when we retired , but these were luxuries .
tr	O	I swiped to my right , but he leaped out of the way , so it sliced the small tables in half .
tr	O	I 'm sweating , and my eyes are burning .
tr	O	You walked on his back and you woke him up from his slumber .
tr	O	Women know about it already , and men don 't really need to know .
tr	O	Helen tried to pull back , but he didn 't let go .
tr	O	She was still nervous about talking to Maggie about all of this , but she would definitely feel better with back up .
tr	O	It shouldn 't have hit me so hard , but it did .
tr	O	He might be shocked , but he wasn 't disappointed .
tr	I	I know that it is because of you and I feel more normal today than I have since I woke up .
tr	I	Then made a big show of rattling the doorknob to let them know I was home , and I backed down the hall silently .
tr	O	I can 't tell you what happened exactly , but I lost it right there on the street .
tr	O	Her voice was quiet , but the tone of contempt running through it confused him .
tr	I	I notice that his hands have a slight tremble to them and he exhales loudly .
tr	O	Ava reached for his hand , but he moved it before the touch became final .
tr	O	It was healing well , and so far I didn 't feel anything crawling beneath my skin trying to take me over .
tr	I	Her stance caused Jake to pause and Tasha had steel in her voice .
tr	I	The rest is forgotten , but I 'll always remember that , Jane .
tr	I	She continued to look at me and I blinked a few more times .
tr	I	Both of them continued to eat , and Lea tried to assure Julie with a smile , which worked .
tr	I	She quickly wiped them away and tears rolled down her cheeks .
tr	O	I am also like this village and everyone else , who accept me as a celebrity , are like occasional visitors , rank outsiders like me .
tr	O	There wasn 't anyone there , but a second buzz of the doorbell moved me into action .
tr	I	Tears were rolling down her cheeks , and she was sweating .
tr	O	She was always searching for the perfect outfit , and it was rare her side of the room was ever neat .
tr	O	Maybe something was going to get through to Jax , but this wasn 't it .
tr	I	It was too dark to tell for sure , but she strained to see if it was Jason .
tr	O	He 'd never had a woman be afraid of him before , and he didn 't like it .
tr	O	Something different was now happening , and she did not like it .
tr	O	The battery was probably dead , but it was worth a try .
tr	I	Kevin was asleep and the silence told her she 'd stalled long enough .
tr	O	It 's not pity , but it 's sorrow .
tr	I	I hoped her change of heart didn 't have anything to do with her midday rendezvous , but I liked this new Nina .
tr	I	She could tel it instantly stopped before going farther in , but she heard the wyvern slither into the cavern .
tr	O	Their legs were tangled up and she was effectively trapped .
tr	O	His entire face lit up and a glow seemed to almost radiate from him .
tr	I	The windows were open , allowing ample light in , but the lights were off .
tr	I	They no longer walked among the living , but having won that battle , they had walked off the killing field .
tr	I	I need you close right now and you 'll go crazy .
tr	O	He could have reached the bottom in seconds , but he hung back , keeping watch on Erin .
tr	I	Timberlake needed this role reinforcement , but Bickel was fretting to get back to his work .
tr	O	Mathew nodded to her , as if trying to agree , but there was no conviction in his manner .
tr	I	I couldn 't help myself , but I knew it was wrong .
tr	I	I do not expect it , but I want it .
tr	I	She offered no family name , but he waited for the rest .
tr	I	His big hands had no other hands to grip and when he opened his eyes , there was no warm sun .
tr	I	I figured it wouldn 't hurt to ask , but I didn 't think they would let me .
tr	I	I smile at the ridiculousness of it and he smiles .
tr	O	Daemon laughed , and I sighed .
tr	I	The others seemed a little restless , but I didn 't mind the dark .
tr	I	He hasn 't returned , but my brother went on a hunt to bring back the pelt of one .
tr	O	It felt like it was a mile long , and I sensed every single inch as he yanked .
tr	I	It 's obvious you 're new here , too and I noticed you in class today .
tr	I	I have to be sure the right color arrived and they were waiting on the paint when I left .
tr	I	Then as we got older , there were raves , too , and there have been camping nights .
tr	O	The manacles slipped off my wrists , and I almost cried just for that .
tr	I	He backed away , and Shane inclined his head .
tr	I	Jackson began to squirm , and he pulsed it again .
tr	O	I was trying to loosen up , to fit in , to find the courage to approach him , and I became another reckless drunk girl .
tr	I	It still smells of paint but the house is actually finished .
tr	I	It was out of order too but I tried to use the payphone .
tr	I	She realized Tess must have deliberately let Sam 's serving cool off , and that soup was hot .
tr	I	A buzz droned in her ear , and whoever it was had apparently just hung up .
tr	O	The gunslinger had no immediate sense of it , but the boy knew immediately .
tr	O	He 'd meant to tell her about that but the time just never seemed to be right .
tr	O	She had to keep her head clear and her wits about her at all times .
tr	I	Rick ordered a bottle of white wine and they took a table by the window .
tr	I	He was grateful , but he didn 't know what he 'd done to earn it .
tr	O	I 'd never met anyone who looked like her before , and it should 've been easy to spot that unique glow .
tr	O	Ed offered her his place in the game , but she had to refuse .
tr	O	I couldn 't understand it , but I knew that I had made him angry .
tr	I	I nod and he mouths .
tr	O	Charlie 's window was down and his hand held his service revolver .
tr	I	That doesn 't mean anything , but all of them have been .
tr	O	The ride home was long , and the air in the cab of the Escalade was thick with tension .
tr	I	Douglas took advantage and her arm failed .
tr	I	He was glad of it , distantly , and very little thought now was required .
tr	I	I don 't think he relishes uncertainty -- but your older brother knows how to face danger , sure .
tr	O	Karl went to Toby but he didn 't move .
tr	I	They had the knowledge and we had the money .
tr	O	Alex couldn 't be blamed for having the metabolism of a small , furry , woodland creature , but he could control where he did his eating .
tr	O	A wind clears some of the black from the sky and I can see a monstrous cloud towering over the Narrows .
tr	I	I pushed it aside , but I sobered as an unwelcome thought invaded my happiness .
tr	I	I placed mine in his and he held out his hand .
tr	I	He couldn 't help it , but he knew it was wrong .
tr	O	The phone rang , and she didn 't even bother to look at caller ID .
tr	O	My mom knocks on my door and it slides open .
tr	I	She holds my shuddering body tight against hers and I bury my face in Alex 's chest .
tr	I	She clearly wanted more , and they cut her off at one glass .
tr	I	His hands explored her back , moving along the slender slope of her spine and he pulled her onto his lap .
tr	O	This morning she 'd felt her future had fallen into a black hole , but it wasn 't true .
tr	I	She kept her arms down in an undefended position , but she rolled her eyes .
tr	I	The crescent moon rose , and the stars came out .
tr	I	She saw that her hands still shook , but looking at the patterns helped restore her .
tr	O	I tried saying good morning to him and he pretended not to hear me .
tr	O	He made her head in first , but he kept tight to her heels .
tr	I	The power signatures weren 't close , but both held a great deal of power .
tr	I	I slipped to the bed and Stefan arms went limp .
tr	I	They were closer than before , but again the growls filled the distance .
tr	O	He was giving her something beyond price , and it wasn 't the rapture of his lovemaking .
tr	O	I whispered , and he blinked .
tr	I	That had never gotten Jessa down , but they were the definition of poor .
tr	I	The laughter died on her lips , and her gut clenched at the word .
tr	I	I couldn 't exactly approach him directly but it seemed the best way to learn more of Ray 's crime would be to investigate Horton .
tr	I	Everything inside Cara warmed at the sight , and he 'd enveloped Mike in complete acceptance .
tr	O	Its shops were closed for the night , but an occasional guard patrolled the streets .
tr	O	I wasn 't really sure that was the best thing , either , but it might be our only option .
tr	I	He was gone and the stairwell door slammed shut again .
tr	O	It was a chocolate lab and he handed it gently to Rae .
tr	O	Robert was grateful for their concern , but he wished they would just leave him alone .
tr	O	They simply weren 't used to thinking for themselves , or maybe they were used to thinking only of themselves .
tr	O	It wasn 't the first time she had miscalculated with a man , but this time it seemed to matter a lot more than it usually did .
tr	I	She stayed on the line this time , but Cameron waited for her to hang up .
tr	O	If you frighten him , he might have trouble sleeping , and if he doesn 't sleep , he won 't dream .
tr	I	They did some handshake things and Kyle 's hand met his .
tr	O	He clenched his jaw , and the pain flared again .
tr	I	The front room was a spacious living room and a kitchenette was off to one side right inside the door .
tr	O	You chose to regardless , but you must not interfere .
tr	O	The door was already open and Mike walked in .
tr	O	I heard Jax stand up and I turned to look at him .
tr	I	She was searching for the truth with her mind , but Mrs. Dawson might not be asking one question with her lips .
tr	O	She didn 't seem rattled , but she was a good actress .
tr	O	He could use a reprieve and he was sure Lissa felt the same way .
tr	O	The screen door was closed , but the front door remained open .
tr	I	I almost fell to my knees at the powerful impression and a deep , punching sensation washed over my entire body .
tr	O	Mike walked up , but before he reached them , a volley of gunshots reached his ears .
tr	O	I 've been in the force , and I was tracking Green for years .
tr	O	He 'd asked her out on a date and she wanted to spend the evening with him .
tr	O	He led me across the room to the window and I looked down into the grounds behind the mansion .
tr	I	Her mouth dropped open , and a thought struck her .
tr	I	I was disappointed to see her shake her head and I asked Shade , hoping she had some explanation .
tr	I	She knew the beast 's claws had ripped into his skin , and Derek 's hiss fil ed Kylie 's ears .
tr	I	She started to shake her head no and her lashes lifted .
tr	I	The twin bed was still covered with a red chenille bedspread , and the walls were still decorated with faded blue race car wallpaper .
tr	O	You shot at me in the cemetery , and I have to believe that was you all by yourself , right ?
tr	O	Under normal circumstances , I would have agreed with him , but right now all I cared about was taking a bath .
tr	I	He looks like he 's been loving every moment , and he 's been in the wars since we parted .
tr	I	Even then , my storm magic had kept most of them at bay , but the closest had been when I freed the monarchs .
tr	O	The blonde 's expression didn 't change , but Kira didn 't let that stop her .
tr	I	I could tell by her tone that she wasn 't sightseeing , but there was nothing quite as beautiful as Capitola in the spring .
tr	O	Victoria had loved her Voice Voodoo , but she 'd given it up .
tr	I	I liked it better that way , but I know how weird that is .
tr	O	Yvette took the trolley elevator where passengers sat 10 abreast , and when she arrived at the first level , he had already passed her .
tr	O	You know it and I know it .
tr	I	She figured she 'd better get her aim right , but Andra wasn 't exactly sure how to do that .
tr	I	I 'll make sure you take your proper place in history among the all-time greats , and you come wrestle for me .
tr	O	Several long minutes later , the last guest was greeted and we were free to leave .
tr	O	He really did seem to be proud of me , and it made me feel proud of myself .
tr	I	They sunk to the bottom and perhaps their anti-gravity mechanism failed .
tr	O	It would only distract me and we really needed to talk .
tr	O	As fugitives they found one another ; or within captivity they were bred .
tr	I	Lying was lying , but sure , it was to protect them .
tr	O	The French windows burst inward , and the room was suddenly flooded with Shadowhunters in their dark fighting gear .
tr	I	I didn 't I just followed them , but he waited for me to say something .
tr	O	Alana shuddered against him and her damp lashes lowered .
tr	I	Information took time , and that was always the way .
tr	O	The gate towards the side was open , and she slipped through .
tr	O	The food was incredibly delicious and I ate enough for three full grown men .
tr	I	Gloria had responded , although it had all seemed rather forced and a number of times in the past Corrie had hugged her .
tr	O	We would go home and I would hold him forever !
tr	O	It 's just a new idea , and ranchers don 't like new ideas .
tr	O	Joanna hit another button but the alarm kept blazing .
tr	I	A smile broke out on her face and she seemed surprised I could see her .
tr	I	I had a bunch of people at Juilliard who agreed with me , and nobody was going to stand in my way .
tr	I	Without a mirror , I 'd never see it , and they could have already cast a hex on me .
tr	I	He flagged her down , and a waitress walked by .
tr	I	It was a tall order , but it was all that remained .
tr	I	I didn 't bother trying , and I couldn 't stop them .
tr	O	Vin had heard of the metal , but she had never actually seen any .
tr	O	I know it was a moot point , but I felt like I could breathe again .
tr	O	Her head began to thrash at the chorus of the song , and he smiled as her hair streaked across the newly painted frame .
tr	I	Real life had consequences , and this was real life .
tr	O	Chris saw Sarah , too , and his smile turned devilish .
tr	O	Silence surrounded us , and I knew without asking that he was waiting for me to say it back .
tr	I	She doesn 't care , but it goes straight to his voicemail .
tr	I	I raised them looking at the sea , and when he left , Laurence returned his attention to me , looking straight into my eyes .
tr	O	I took a step forward , toward Michael , toward Dean , but Agent Locke waved her gun at me .
tr	O	We only just got engaged and already she wants me to choose a dress .
tr	O	It flared red-hot for a moment , surprising me more than anything , and I staggered back .
tr	O	She sounded so damn confident , despite the fact that she trembled , and he loved that about her .
tr	O	She 'd seemed hurt , and her glamour had flickered .
tr	I	His reasoning was sound , as far as it went , but I wanted to argue .
tr	O	She knew Fiona didn 't like to see her angry but she couldn 't help it .
tr	I	I groaned in exasperation , and the flush heated up .
tr	O	He declared with a loud voice that the runaway peasant did indeed belong to the first noble , but his children would remain with the second .
tr	O	A shadow fell across the bed , and her own heart slammed hard enough to cause her pain .
tr	O	He stole a very quick glance at Claudia , whose posture softened , and she absentmindedly chewed her lip with a pitying look on her face .
tr	I	I still needed to use a fair amount of strength to get her to stand , but she was only about seven years older than I was .
tr	O	Some grow quickly , and some don 't .
tr	O	Whittier had been in the state hospital for ten years , and he had brutally attacked several attendants during that time .
tr	I	Other times just tells it like it is ; and Momma sometimes implies things I think I understand .
tr	O	Only one square of fuel was showing and it was flashing .
tr	I	It was the cleanest room so far , but in Isaac 's bedroom , toys were strewn in every direction .
tr	O	She tried to wiggle away , but he wouldn 't let her .
tr	O	Anything in the river was safe , and the few small boats that got away were ignored .
tr	O	I quickly run inside , tell her we are leaving , and then I am back in the truck ready to go .
tr	O	Aria relaxed against him but there was a lingering tension in her body .
tr	O	A shot rang out , and another , then another .
tr	O	I thought about testing this theory out by throwing some nonsense at him , but it made more sense to throw a shoulder into his gut .
tr	I	She knew it was all in good humor , but his tone was sarcastic .
tr	I	He fell back against the wall , sickened by himself , by all of it and Simon 's stomach lurched again .
tr	I	Silk is fighting , and we 're alive .
tr	I	Helen glanced sharply at the woman as she straightened from feeding the fire , and he bellowed .
tr	O	I did it to you and I 'll be glad for the rest of my life that I did .
tr	I	She walked over to take our order and a waitress was on duty .
tr	O	Eric started his bike , waited for Jace to mount behind him , and they rode out .
tr	O	You 've been in an accident , and you 've had some emergency surgery .
tr	I	That was all it was , but it was good melodrama .
tr	I	The back portion was clear glass , and it was attached to the outside of the spire .
tr	I	I can sequester the jury , or I can declare a mistrial .
tr	O	My arms slid around her stomach , and I rested my chin on the top of her head .
tr	O	Auron saw his eyes and they looked drained .
tr	O	He hands it to me , and I open it slowly , wanting to savor the surprise .
tr	I	I thought I could pull that much off , but there wasn 't much else I could do .
tr	O	I couldn 't tell , and I didn 't want to stick around to find out .
tr	I	Several times she had secretly taken it out to admire it , and she kept it in a pouch next to her sleeping mat .
tr	O	He fought against the feelings of despair that began to creep up on him , but they were overpowering .
tr	I	His breath caresses my cheeks and his pupils are huge .
tr	I	Friday nights were always busy , and it was a Friday night .
tr	I	The muscle in his jaw flexed , and Kevin 's nostrils flared .
tr	I	I was landing on a bed of jagged rocks and I felt like a rug had just been pulled out from underneath me .
tr	O	I kicked at him , but he caught my toes .
tr	I	Manhattan made me feel like a country hick , but I had grown up in New York City .
tr	I	I brought my knees up to rest my chin on , nothing going properly and he walked back into his room .
tr	O	She couldn 't see straight , and her legs almost gave way beneath her .
tr	I	She was still quaking inside , but Noelle 's pulse had slowed .
tr	I	They did little to illuminate the room , and only a couple of emergency lights were on .
tr	I	His eyes widened in horror as he saw her draw it across her skin and she was holding the blade against her left wrist .
tr	O	I told her I would and I made my way through the bus system to the police station .
tr	I	He can 't seem to figure out what he wants to say , but his mouth opens .
tr	O	Today 's the day I am proposing to her , and I couldn 't be more nervous .
tr	O	She 'd helped me grieve for my family and she 'd helped me work through my fears .
tr	I	He hadn 't come to drag her outside , and she hadn 't gone for their run this morning .
tr	O	He looked green around the gills , and he walked like he was sore .
tr	I	He had a little pride , but Campbell wasn 't exactly Mr. Responsible himself .
tr	O	I 've gone through the whole series and I still don 't have a clue .
tr	I	It didn 't make sense , but the fact that Seth had gotten Hermes to swoop in ticked me off .
tr	I	He did it , but it took hours .
tr	I	If her life made her unhappy , she 'd change it and she was a big girl .
tr	I	It 's been ten days , but I get it .
tr	I	He 'd hurt her , but too late , he 'd pulled back .
tr	I	I wanted it to be Marshall and I needed to get a release .
tr	O	Shane hit the fire door first , setting off another alarm , and they raced down another flight of concrete steps .
tr	I	He could never reach them , yet the depths of her nature roiled with currents he longed to explore .
tr	I	She doesn 't have enough grit in her to say boo to a goose but she 's a nice enough woman .
tr	I	It wasn 't , but it should have been a good dream .
tr	O	Call me ungracious , but I wasn 't going to ask them in .
tr	O	You did not help the Kindred out of loyalty , and you did not do it out of belief in our cause .
tr	O	I glanced at Mae , but she remained utterly still , a statue .
tr	I	Something struck him as off about this , but he didn 't want to look like an idiot in front of Ethan .
tr	I	She ignored it , but the thought sent a little shiver of awareness down her spine .
tr	O	I didn 't want to ruin her fun , and I figured it might be nice to talk to Molly anyway .
tr	I	It probably isn 't helping that I can 't stop smiling , either and I fail miserably at sounding serious .
tr	O	Darragh gazed at her in defiance , but under Eleanor 's unwavering stare , he wilted .
tr	O	It was only high school and it would soon be over .
tr	O	It was garbage , but it had been cooked by an expert .
tr	O	She felt the burn of the bullet as it went into her side , and she crumpled on the ground .
tr	I	I agreed when the hairdresser suggested layers , but I didn 't get much length cut off .
tr	I	The excuses being made for his absence rang false , and the boy wasn 't even here .
tr	O	Holder is several feet in front of me and when he swings the doors open , they swing shut behind him .
tr	I	I laid down , my front to hers and she gave in to me .
tr	O	A latent twinge of jealousy clamped down hard but she managed to smile through it .
tr	O	Until the day something had happened ... That last horrible day ... The flicker died , and Jenny was glad .
tr	O	They were yelling and they hit in a thud of bodies .
tr	I	She knew she was of no use to him now , but Noelle hated to leave him alone .
tr	I	I have to drop in here as well ... but in fact , my occupation is a little different .
tr	I	He probably has no more than twenty minutes of reading and I have twenty years of experience !
tr	I	He immediately realizes that touching me was a mistake , and I jerk back .
tr	O	Her cheeks heated , and she looked away .
tr	O	I have a bet going with Cactus and I 'd like to see who wins .
tr	O	I tried to move my hand , but I couldn 't .
tr	O	He loves horses as much as airplanes and he 's been talking about taking up the game of polo ever since .
tr	O	CHAPTER 37 JUDY The day wore on into evening and a chill entered the air .
tr	O	This latest caper had gone past the limit of what she could take and she didn 't plan to suck up any more of Andrew 's crap .
tr	I	She did not want to be with a man who thought he owed her , but yes , she wanted something different .
tr	O	She wiggled in his arms , and this time he allowed her to drop to her feet .
tr	O	My mother placed Milo in my arms , and he settled against me , a perfect fit .
tr	I	Pushing her h * ps backward to open herself to him and tess shivered above him , widening her knees .
tr	I	The whole palace examined for more tunnels that could house potential ambushes and the hole in my room needed to be resealed .
tr	O	He didn 't trust Eric about the houses either , but when Graham was leader , that wouldn 't matter .
tr	O	Sure , she called herself crippled all the time , but that was different .
tr	O	Desperation takes hold of his heart , but even so , he feels a more important urge to fight for her .
tr	I	I started picking at the sleeve of my T-shirt , and he was quiet for a moment .
tr	O	If he called 911 , they would pick her up , but they would also hunt down her father .
tr	I	He couldn 't undo all the damage in one night , but it made him angry .
tr	O	I was in a deep depression and suicide was the only way I could think of to escape it .
tr	I	Her palms moistened and her mouth dried .
tr	I	The goal here was to impress , but I didn 't look half bad .
tr	O	I turned to see if my friends wanted anything , but they were gone .
tr	I	Once there , Ryan asked to see his uncle , and they made their way to a bank of private elevators that led to the office level .
tr	O	You 're pathetic , and you 'll never be any different .
tr	I	Julie was too dazed to take notice , but normally his words would have hurt her .
tr	I	It often made things worse but I tried to ignore them .
tr	I	I 'd also told my mom what was going on , but yeah , I 'd wanted to know her secret .
tr	O	It made a sheen like rain on a freshly oiled road and I imagined it was slick as I thrust myself towards it .
tr	I	I realized I probably didn 't control my heartbeat , and even the gagging at the back of my throat was fading .
tr	O	Mia wasn 't coming back , and he needed to accept it .
tr	I	She shoved her fist in her mouth to cover it and she let out a sob .
tr	O	Then strong hands caught her , gripping her ribs with bruising force , and she was propelled upward in a mighty rush .
tr	I	There was a little coffeepot in the room , and I always carry powdered hot chocolate with me .
tr	I	Still , he was pleased , but Hunter wasn 't surprised she 'd already heard .
tr	I	I was tired of driving , too and Jacob was not happy about it .
tr	I	He had no idea what it was , but something had happened .
tr	I	I turned to find Jackson rushing toward me , and the door burst open .
tr	O	Taking things that already existed and transforming them into something else .
tr	I	People with money are not starving , but supplies are low .
tr	I	A hoodie pulled over her head and she has her pajama bottoms on .
tr	I	My lips felt the heat of his , and our noses sat next to each other .
tr	I	He knew the coin could be worth thousands , maybe even a lot more , but Eddie wasn 't a coin expert .
tr	O	Snake stepped between us and I suppressed an eye roll .
tr	I	None of us were wet and we were all underwater .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to argue with me , and I was staying in her room tonight .
tr	O	The only problem is I got in a fight with some strange man earlier and he seems to have messed up my crystal .
tr	O	There was no way I could hide it , and they accepted it for what it was .
tr	O	It was hard to tell with the black she was wearing , but the cloth seemed to be stuck to her body with the wetness of it .
tr	O	John started to help me , but I were on my feet .
tr	I	It hurt , but Aiden smiled .
tr	O	The temperature had continued to rise , and David regretted not wearing a cap .
tr	I	I still love him more each day , and it was ten years ago since his death .
tr	O	His mother said he 'd got some stomach bug and he was vomiting .
tr	I	I didn 't want to make a big deal of it and it wasn 't a big deal .
tr	I	There was absolutely no way she was going to get pregnant , and she wasn 't going to be tied to a man she despised .
tr	I	She tightened her inner muscles around him , wanting to imprint herself on him too , and just as she knew she 'd never forget this moment .
tr	O	He had to do this properly , but he didn 't want to wait much longer .
tr	I	There was no signal , but I scanned the screen .
tr	I	My body went solid right along with them and my lungs seized .
tr	O	Chicky had names for all the hens , and no one could tell her when one had been taken to provide a Sunday lunch .
tr	I	I blinked back tears and my throat felt thick .
tr	O	Electra carefully leaned down to his lips , but a sudden rain poured so heavily that she shrieked .
tr	O	He knew Jason had little chance of evading capture and the soldiers would likely waste little time killing him .
tr	O	Minutes ticked by and Paul stayed silent , not daring to move for fear of ruining her concentration .
tr	O	They lurched forward , and I stepped back .
tr	O	Four expressions turned stony and I realized I had found a loophole .
tr	O	He blinked , but everything was still fuzzy .
tr	O	He wished she would say more , but she had nothing else to say .
tr	I	I felt my eyes fill up with tears , and that one made me lose it .
tr	I	They 've been shown around the compound and they rested the first day .
tr	O	Normal y the irritation surrounding me would be unbearable , but catching up on lost sleep seemed to help .
tr	I	They got on and the train came .
tr	O	Wolfe 's house had no windows , and there were no cars in sight as we walked up to the door .
tr	O	He visited the ward on the fifth floor but another dying patient now occupied Sheila 's bed .
tr	O	She didn 't comment , and I wondered if I 'd made a mistake .
tr	O	The jailor pulled the door shut behind him and Tom heard the key turned in the lock .
tr	O	Earl 's jaw tightened , and his lips compressed against the words he wanted to say .
tr	I	It is the same color but he 's got longer hair .
tr	I	Jordan wanted that , too and Alix hoped to get pregnant soon .
tr	I	Seeing his work revealed another side to him , but I 'd known he was an art major .
tr	O	Adam touches my hair and I realize it 's almost all the way down my back .
tr	O	I glanced into every room that I crept by , but all of the offices were dark .
tr	O	Tears burned the backs of her eyes and she rested her forehead against his chest .
tr	I	I ended up standing around by myself , and he ran into a few more friends .
tr	I	She did and I suggested .
tr	O	You 've got the full trust of the dominant Shifter , and everyone 's going to want to get next to you .
tr	O	The cheese hadn 't got binding yet , but the time had arrived for a conference .
tr	O	I know it 'll be slow , but we can 't just sit here .
tr	O	I tried to lower my head , but he wouldn 't let me .
tr	I	In their place a glass coffin rested on a raised platform , and the thrones were gone .
tr	O	Jane 's instincts were more productive and she grabbed a stool to break open the window .
tr	O	It was a selfish decision , but I didn 't care .
tr	I	It wasn 't as if he had a choice , but to teach it , he 'd have to leave his protected position .
tr	I	He did not comment upon it , but Winston detected a tone of bitterness in the master 's voice that he 'd never heard before .
tr	O	A man was dead , and someone we might know had killed him .
tr	O	The local paper had published numerous stories about him , and the church itself .
tr	O	The three young people looked around at one another , and Tavi could feel the quivering nervousness in his own belly reflected in his friends ' eyes .
tr	O	The possibility intrigued her , and she had to fight the urge to inquire .
tr	I	I held in a sigh and Lucky smiled back at him .
tr	O	Fade laced our fingers together , and I remembered when that gesture required a mental pause .
tr	O	He said the words slowly , giving her ample opportunity to jump in and say no , just stay a while longer .
tr	O	She knew Terry didn 't want her sleeping without booze , but if food wouldn 't stay down , neither would vodka .
tr	O	His eyes lit up and he grinned like a child at the taste .
tr	O	They came here to me , not having any other place to go , and Lady Alexandra let them stay .
tr	O	Finn stumbled out into the room and she caught him before he fell .
tr	O	They returned his gesture , and with a forced smile , he steadily left them .
tr	I	She could feel his tension , but she could no longer see his face .
tr	I	I love you guys , and I love my sister .
tr	I	I wondered what was eating him , and the plainclothes cop didn 't respond .
tr	O	His eyes met mine through the stained glass , and his smile was sad .
tr	O	She froze and Simon yelled .
tr	I	The other was east of northeast and one was north of northeast .
tr	O	I just need some towels and I can 't reach them .
tr	O	Well , it made my stomach clench , but I wouldn 't die of it .
tr	O	Her fresh , alluring scent wafted from her body and he breathed it in like a man deprived of oxygen , hungry for her fragrance .
tr	O	It 's a small talent , but we use what we have .
tr	O	Soon every mat was full but the room remained hushed , like inside a cathedral .
tr	O	Yes , he seemed to have lost weight , but that was a good thing , right ?
tr	O	You go down there without a plan , darling , and you 're walking into a death trap .
tr	O	His breathing became less labored , and the muscles in his face relaxed .
tr	O	His eyes flash once , and then he turns away .
tr	O	We put an assembly line together and trays filled with dessert went out quickly .
tr	O	Brenda was also interested in the craft , but she didn 't have your natural talent .
tr	I	She kept moving with the rest of them , but Anna 's heart felt like it was going to burst out her chest .
tr	O	He doubted that , but he was listening .
tr	I	Everything had been fine and we had been right there together .
tr	O	He chose his words carefully and I was touched .
tr	O	The crisp air should have soothed her nerves , but for some reason this morning she was jumpy .
tr	I	He would be bound to it throughout eternity and he 'd made the deal .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure where she was at , but it was better than being at school .
tr	O	This is Rowan , and this is Stephanie .
tr	O	To keep that door open , and to not shut it firmly .
tr	O	To some degree they looked like people , but they definitely didn 't think like people .
tr	I	I jerked my head up when the door suddenly flew open , and Impatience shuffled my feet .
tr	I	He fell to his knees and the priest 's eyes flickered .
tr	I	They don 't even have a computer , and the Reed family is poor .
tr	I	I didn 't know for sure , but I thought it might be Daryl .
tr	I	He punched me again , and I kicked at him .
tr	O	There was a footfall outside and Harry 's voice broke in on his thoughts .
tr	O	An hour passed , and stil we waited .
tr	I	To make sure I didn 't , but I 'd kept this a secret not to hurt him .
tr	O	He was walking down a dark street , searching for prey , and then he would see her , a woman with long blond hair .
tr	I	The film was 16mm , but the fourth room was similar .
tr	I	He had , up until last week , and Jimmy had promised to stay in touch .
tr	I	It wasn 't blocked so she answered it , but it was a number she didn 't recognize .
tr	O	Everything about him was suddenly making her nervous and she wasn 't sure how to handle it .
tr	I	The senses were almost numbing and all her bones were aching badly .
tr	I	It gave me something to think about , but it was really just a hole in the ground .
tr	I	She was thinking hard about what to do but Emma looked terrified .
tr	I	They had locked him up in a cage and he was a man of action .
tr	O	He could literally be a different person if he wanted , and no one would know .
tr	I	Anywhere else as the men discussed some business deal they were currently working on , or she tried looking at the menu , out the window .
tr	O	Every single Reality has suffered , and the recovery will take years .
tr	I	I know they ended up leaving each other bruised , but I 've never quite gotten the whole story of what happened with these two .
tr	O	Their work was impressive and she wished they could have completed it in her own house before Peter had fled the coop .
tr	I	I know that I fall asleep before he does , but I 'm not sure how long he stays awake .
tr	I	He couldn 't quite put his finger on what it was , but there was something about her demeanor he didn 't trust .
tr	I	She would have demolished him or Nate had to soar away .
tr	O	There was a tense silence and she could feel Caine 's gaze searing over her rigid profile .
tr	I	I just couldn 't put the girl through any more grief , and I could not think of a natural , painless way to ask again .
tr	I	She had been asked to serve on the city council and her business was booming .
tr	I	Karou 's body did not so much as twitch in response to the idea of leaving , and a moment passed in silence .
tr	O	It was Sunday tomorrow and it seemed everyone was off to meet their sweetheart .
tr	I	Her eyes were anxious , but her voice teased him .
tr	I	She felt as protected as a tortoise and she lifted the collar around her neck .
tr	I	He was planning to sneak me out of the house somehow , and he was lying to me about my granddad giving me permission .
tr	I	Kelly sat down and Daniel left .
tr	O	He knew the supplies in the crate were important , but his first concern was keeping The Drifter from sinking to the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean .
tr	I	The lights of the city felt far away and it was darker out here .
tr	O	Blinking , she tried to focus , but her vision seemed impaired .
tr	I	She gaped in astonishment , and her gaze fell to his chest .
tr	O	She would fight to the death for this child , and she would use her last breath to comfort her .
tr	O	There was a good deal of blood , and a wide stab wound under the right side of Magnus 's ribs .
tr	O	Rema didn 't mind , and she used the opportunity to study him .
tr	I	It had the opposite effect , at least on her , but she 'd meant her touch to calm him .
tr	I	Even now I remembered the thrill of hearing his accent curl around my name that first time , and he had said it warmly .
tr	O	Helen sat upright on the edge of her twin bed and after Caroline closed the bedroom door , she sat next to Helen .
tr	I	He wanted to get anchored before it was completely dark and they had sailed most of the day to get here .
tr	I	We can take them out in one blow , but there are too many .
tr	I	She didn 't need him to be gentle and she didn 't want him to stop .
tr	I	She never kept it a secret that I was his father , but I still didn 't understand why Krista did what she did .
tr	O	Tears pricked my eyes and I knew I was going to cry .
tr	O	They were soaked , their normally immaculate hair bedraggled by the rain , but they grinned as though they 'd just won the lottery .
tr	I	I love you , Sawyer ... and I don 't want to hold back being with someone I love .
tr	I	I push my way in and she opens the door wider .
tr	I	Obviously faking it as she walked toward the corner and she was overly cheerful .
tr	O	I tripped over the wooden mat by the door and she caught me before I took a header .
tr	I	Biology 212 was kicking my ass , but last semester 's Biology class had been a breeze .
tr	O	Mother knew it had to involve boys , but she wasn 't going to say anything .
tr	I	I reluctantly returned it and Dad held his hand out for a high five .
tr	O	The brute pulled the blade free of himself , and the wound left behind continued to gush blood .
tr	I	I needed some downtime , and that takes a toll , too .
tr	O	She tilts her head to the side and the tiniest of whimpers escapes her throat .
tr	O	I nodded , scanning the storefront , but Catalina was nothing if not efficient .
tr	O	Brandon laughed and I groaned .
tr	I	They 'd fight for it and this was their home .
tr	I	She had already told someone to call 911 , but it would have been fine .
tr	O	Desmond 's eyes went wide , and he looked at Kaylee , who merely smirked at the other woman .
tr	O	The thing stopped sizzling while we walked under the shade , but it still kept the blanket on .
tr	I	He couldn 't leave the helm , but he 'd wanted to pursue her when she fled .
tr	O	He was supposed to bring Sam back to me , but he found a loophole in my orders .
tr	I	Then I woke up with my whole back fused into one long , enormous muscle cramp , and I was out for maybe six hours .
tr	I	I didn 't like any of them , and there were a thousand words in that one wink .
tr	I	He came down on her once more and his hand stung .
tr	I	I wasn 't buying it without a reason and he wasn 't saying .
tr	I	I waited again , and that was right .
tr	O	He seemed so serious , but I knew there was more underneath .
tr	O	In college most of my guy friends watched them , but I never had .
tr	O	His posture gave away his disappointment at her absence , but straightened up when we told him she missed it for volleyball .
tr	I	I was fidgeting in my seat as we pulled up to the hotel and we 'd planned to meet at a Heston property in Rome .
tr	I	I accepted as I could not remember when I last had my fill , and he offered me some .
tr	O	I put my hand in his and we walked down to the kitchen .
tr	O	It 's hard to tell through texts , but I swear she just snapped at me .
tr	O	He pointed , but I wasn 't fool enough to get close to him to look .
tr	I	He hadn 't needed to but he 'd left a note .
tr	I	I knew instinctively that she felt exactly the same , and I knew I 'd never let Gem go again .
tr	I	Moments after the doctor arrived , the baby 's heart suddenly slowed , but there was a mad scramble as the room began to be readied .
tr	I	You can 't tell for the sadness , but he 's very handsome .
tr	O	I will stir your heart , and you will know them .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to say , but I nearly went to the door .
tr	I	I walked back to where Clare stood in the kitchen , and we said our goodbyes .
tr	I	Now she was holding on to him for dear life , but Sabine didn 't even remember reaching for his hand .
tr	O	He came back to the houseboat with us and that night told us of his ordeal .
tr	O	Looks like they got knocked out or something , then they were attacked .
tr	I	He sensed her instant dismay and she pulled back with a grimace .
tr	I	Coach deferred to the second half , but we won the coin toss .
tr	O	We both had jobs to do , and getting sexually involved right now was foolish .
tr	I	All of the police are gone and we 've taken pictures of everything .
tr	O	A friend had gotten her a job with the coveted Yosemite Rangers and it was the perfect opportunity to start fresh .
tr	O	We breach our contracts , and we 'd never be hired in this town again .
tr	O	He had kept poised ahead , holding tightly to the handlebars , but the bicycle had dissolved beneath him .
tr	O	You two can stay here and I will leave right now .
tr	I	Now she was standing in front her mirror , and she 'd been puttering around while getting dressed .
tr	O	I 've been patient , but it 's getting worse .
tr	O	His eyes were dark , and his hair was long , to his shoulders , only a little gray , under his prayer shawl .
tr	O	My practical placement was over and my assessment came with a glowing reference .
tr	O	The door finally opened and two of the tablets came through .
tr	O	Unable to control herself , she snuck a lick at the tip , and they both froze from the shock of the connection .
tr	I	I 'm not quite sure why and I don 't say it back .
tr	I	There wasn 't a lake anywhere near his hometown , and he 'd grown up in Saskatchewan .
tr	I	She evidently entered the coffeehouse in the predawn hours and Sara 's car was in the back parking lot .
tr	O	All I want is one piece of my life that has no drama and I can 't even get that .
tr	O	John said something else , and she said something back .
tr	I	I was hurt and my family had been slaughtered .
tr	I	The small window inside was open , and her dress was missing .
tr	I	Then , reasons usually were , but their reasons might be different .
tr	I	Large steel gears began rolling the blast doors out of the way , splitting down the middle , and Electric motors sounded .
tr	I	It unnerved her and the expression looked strange on such a big man .
tr	O	I am relieved that Will did not find the women attractive and I am proud of how he handled Oliver 's expression of his opinion .
tr	I	He wasn 't the brightest banana in the bunch , if you know what I mean , but he was a nice guy .
tr	I	I really don 't feel like shedding anymore and I 've cried enough over the last few years .
tr	O	Colin moved to continue his rant , but Adam held his hand up to silence him .
tr	I	I could tell that he was not pleased and Jonathan 's irritated voice caught me off guard .
tr	O	It means he can feel his Elements , but any time he tries to use them , the pattern he lays backfires on his own body .
tr	O	The curved walls seemed to stretch into infinity , but I started walking , following a miniature creek between the tracks that was choked with garbage .
tr	O	He wanted to check on her , but with enemies around he couldn 't .
tr	O	Manuel began to move downstream , but he kept looking back .
tr	O	I don 't know why , but I had thought we would be turned loose immediately upon reaching US soil .
tr	O	Paul followed me with his eyes and he stepped up to the door .
tr	O	Iona didn 't mean to sleep , but she jumped awake into sudden silence , knowing someone had entered the room .
tr	O	We show a united front , and they 'll back down .
tr	I	His added agitation wasn 't helping his perspiration levels and Mat was sweating .
tr	O	There had been three large men but Lord Ashton dispatched them without breaking a sweat .
tr	I	His impatience made the drive seem interminable , but they 'd only left the office fifteen minutes ago .
tr	O	He looked startled by his daughter 's words , but he backed away , taking position on the very edge of the seat .
tr	I	Her body gave a slight excited jump and Sabine 's eyes danced .
tr	O	Sidney 's voice boomed out of the front door , and he grinned at me as I turned towards him .
tr	I	He focused on his beer , but Steven smiled .
tr	O	I wasn 't scared , but I didn 't like being this close .
tr	O	The green dot shows us where we are and the red dot shows the room that I 'm supposed to report to .
tr	O	The pacing resumed , but now his movements were those of a predatory animal .
tr	O	His shorts didn 't conceal his excitement , and he pressed the hardness against the exact spot where I already wished he was .
tr	I	He could not deny the profound fatigue he felt ; but he was older , stronger even , certainly wiser .
tr	I	Then , Dawn rarely smiled , but she didn 't smile .
tr	I	He told her , and she asked him .
tr	I	No one says anything , but some of the others look at me , as if scolding me for intruding .
tr	O	His black dragon body shimmered , and then he was gone .
tr	O	The police didn 't know that , but he knew .
tr	I	She 'd been taught reserve at far too young an age , but oh , she was an affectionate , adorable little girl .
tr	O	You scared her , but you don 't scare me .
tr	O	He cautioned me with a glance that said it was okay to correct him , but he was giving me an out .
tr	I	Jo quickly reached for her , but Anna gasped .
tr	I	He calls room his study , but he can barely talk to me .
tr	I	He wasn 't moving , but they had him on the couch now .
tr	O	As she arrived , the door was open just a crack and she could him sitting there , quietly in the dark room .
tr	O	The theater was in downtown Brooklyn , and soon they came to a crossing of the roads .
tr	O	' He must have gone out again , ' I suggested , and he tried the door .
tr	O	He caught the tears that sprang to her eyes and he felt horrible that she didn 't like it .
tr	O	Then she started to speak , but Arno was already talking loudly .
tr	O	I didn 't want to disturb her , but it didn 't look right .
tr	I	He gave the meat a vicious stir , dark eyes on Cassidy , and Diego 's voice was hard .
tr	I	I caught her before she could fall , and she stumbled .
tr	I	She cried out his name , and he plunged deeply inside her .
tr	I	Really I like testing my students all the time , but I guess you could say that .
tr	I	The ship rocked slightly , and there was another small splash .
tr	I	I was totally lulled by the gentleness of his touch , and I was hung over from the heat radiating from his body .
tr	I	I was sure I saw Emma wink , but Jack kept a straight face .
tr	O	Rand glared at her , but she just smiled good-naturedly .
tr	O	Beth continued her examination when the alarm sounded and the red lights began to flash again .
tr	O	She might be a whore , but she didn 't want this .
tr	I	I face front again , and my heart thumps hard .
tr	I	I slid down the wall next to him and he plopped onto the ground .
tr	I	A missile flew out of the barrel and there was a rush of burning air .
tr	I	Deep under their skin , they were always Lycan , but they had integrated into human society , looking civilized .
tr	O	I 'm trouble for everyone , and it 's better if I 'm on my own .
tr	O	I joined that crowd with enthusiasm , but first a quite unexpected thing happened .
tr	I	She didn 't have time to contemplate the issue but it was just a reaction .
tr	I	I didn 't see it and maybe I got so panicked that it was right in front of me .
tr	I	It didn 't so much as blink , let alone open , but she swiped the dead merc 's keycard through the lock .
tr	O	Many of our army had lost friends on this battlefield and they made the captives pay for it .
tr	O	She may not need a lot of protection , but there were appearances to maintain , after all .
tr	O	Maybe Tiger could reach the green by hooking a shot around the corner of the dogleg , but he wasn 't Tiger Woods .
tr	O	I 've smoked my whole life and that 's on me .
tr	I	We didn 't know exactly where Jasmine was being held , but we 'd received some information on the castle 's layout .
tr	I	A second later I follow and Abby leaves .
tr	I	All he 'd ended up doing was torturing himself , but he 'd meant to tease her a little bit .
tr	O	John points the gun toward the open door and Shelton walks through to a damp , dark room .
tr	O	She jerked as he went after one of the deeper slivers , and he cupped her bottom .
tr	O	I took that note , and the amount we 'd agreed upon was on it , right there with his signature .
tr	O	I can 't prove anything , but I need my trust early .
tr	O	They were separating soon , but she was still curious .
tr	I	Scorch lost it , and her lip wobbled .
tr	I	Insulting Tiny just wasn 't on in her books , but it was bad enough she kept reading her thoughts .
tr	O	She was hot , slick , and he knew he wasn 't going to last long .
tr	I	Me , acute anxiety firing in each jerky movement and her attention flitted between the house .
tr	O	Quinn 's mouth curved in an almost non-existent smile , and the shade of his eyes seemed to darken .
tr	O	I was her alpha , and she was my girl .
tr	I	It never hurts to pay attention , but this baby is set to fly herself to our destination .
tr	O	So that I 'd suffer ... and Drake would suffer .
tr	I	Stories were played of all the boxing greats , and interviews , taped matches .
tr	O	They 're gone and that 's that .
tr	I	My body is restless , but I 'm not sure what time it is .
tr	I	Her body rippled with pleasure instead of fear , and he blew softy .
tr	O	Ted wanted to take a rest , but he knew he wouldn 't be satisfied until he had the dogs where he wanted them .
tr	O	Although she was breathing , her eyes were closed and she did not move .
tr	I	I hurried over to him and Aiden waved to me from the bow of a speed boat .
tr	O	I reprimanded myself for doing something that I knew would set me up for disappointment and undoubtedly , Marshall really wouldn 't care .
tr	I	Clung tightly to his skull and the skin on his face shriveled .
tr	I	I nearly lost my breath and bess placed her hands on my shoulder .
tr	O	They had visited me regularly during my recovery but we never had any serious talks .
tr	I	Then he hadn 't really expected her to , but Marian hadn 't been taking the news well .
tr	I	The young girl was aware and there was a slight stirring .
tr	I	It would move on , and maybe if she played along , she 'd figure out what it needed .
tr	I	The rest of his body was bare , but someone had draped a sheet over his waist .
tr	I	The eyes disappeared , and he blinked a few times , shaking his head .
tr	O	It 's been a while since I roamed through it and maybe I could discover something new .
tr	I	Twenty minutes later , he was speeding down the A9 toward home and Traffic was light this early in the morning .
tr	I	It wasn 't bleeding anymore , but the area where Harrison had struck was a little tender .
tr	O	Everything sounded delicious , but she knew she wanted to try one of those pizzas .
tr	O	I tossed a pillow at her head and she ducked , laughing .
tr	O	I told him I would scream for help and he asked who would go against him ?
tr	O	Dawn leapt at him , but he sensed where she was .
tr	O	Dimitri was in trouble and she went to him .
tr	O	I would tell you his name , but she never mentioned it .
tr	I	I called the library and I took her into the room Cecil .
tr	I	They were too well tied , but I dashed behind the Governor 's table desperately trying to free my wrists .
tr	I	Her eyes moistened again against her will , and Morgan looked at her daughter , so shocked by her own mother 's sudden appearance .
tr	O	It 'd been the beginning of eternity , and nothing about our new life together was going to be easy .
tr	O	This time , my breasts were crushed against his chest and I could feel his growing manhood pressed against my belly .
tr	O	She hated this route through the caverns because it was so narrow , but it was the one that made the most sense right now .
tr	O	His eyes have the power to entrance me , to hold me captive in his gaze , and they are .
tr	O	He opened the doors and we both slid in .
tr	I	He hadn 't realized until that moment he 'd even tensed them , and his shoulders relaxed .
tr	O	For a moment Matthew thought that Bax was going to chance it , but then the cowboy glanced at him , seeming to weigh the risk .
tr	I	For the second time since it had entered the barn , he saw it as weak , but Jason didn 't know .
tr	O	They sat on a bench , and Ted reached for her hand .
tr	I	The cactus trees of the desert dotted the landscape and the lights of the city drifted behind .
tr	I	I can only hope that the speaker does not overindulge ; and I can only hope the reader recognizes : - Yes .
tr	I	Jessa beat me to it , but I opened my mouth to say something .
tr	O	His words wrenched right through her and she felt the first tear roll down her cheek .
tr	O	His eyes squeezed tight and his head thrust back toward the ceiling .
tr	I	Perhaps she was smart enough to take the director 's place , and if this worked out , the girl would have earned a bonus .
tr	I	His smile was kind and his voice was soft .
tr	I	With everything that had been happening , this was an important date , but I could always tell her I 'd be running a little late .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell him about the machine , not yet , but I wanted to ask Ralph for details .
tr	I	I release the reins , and her ear tips back at me .
tr	O	I turned toward the direction of my room , but Claudia wasn 't done .
tr	I	He had already taken her too far and she was painfully different from the others .
tr	O	The kitchen was piled up with boxes of figurines and Casino had been sketching out t-shirt designs .
tr	O	I 'll get you a gun , but you have to keep it hidden .
tr	I	He nodded , and Michael 's eyes darkened .
tr	I	The passenger window lowered with an automated hum , and a red Toyota 4Runner braked at the curb .
tr	I	She didn 't answer , but Della 's eyes widened .
tr	O	His icy blue eyes saw straight through her makeup and his sculpted jaw clenched as he looked her over .
tr	O	The wind blew his short black hair as he stepped closer , and his eyes crinkled slightly at the corners as he smiled her way .
tr	I	He caught my hand , but his chest rumbled with pleasure .
tr	O	Much frowned , and John shrugged .
tr	O	The panties were also sheer baby pink but they were covered in rows of tiny , black lace frills , like little girl panties .
tr	O	Her voice was low , soft , and yet he detected a fine layer of steel underneath .
tr	O	More men than women , it seemed , by a margin of perhaps three to one , but all of them grim with concentration .
tr	O	The boy smiled , staring around , but Gray saw the hint of fear in his eyes , a wariness of strangers .
tr	I	He was stunned to see her in this condition and she sat next to him .
tr	O	Started in 1952 , and continued until 1988 .
tr	O	Brielle 's eyes widened and she sat up straight .
tr	I	Celaena ran over to the pocket , and a shriek of rage ripped from her throat .
tr	I	There is a gemstone in the middle and I am almost certain that this pendant is real gold .
tr	I	I 'd always thought that made me worse at meeting strangers , and my whole life had been spent in a small town .
tr	I	Despite the hammering in my chest , I felt a pit form in my stomach , and Tim moaned .
tr	I	She was falling in , drowning in its waters , and she felt as if a hole had opened within .
tr	I	He 'd done his best , and he was my father .
tr	I	When she speaks , she 's wary and she 's quiet for quite a while .
tr	O	The man might wake up while Michael was under the tarp , and Michael would be wide open for attack .
tr	O	I sucked at taking gifts graciously , but I was trying .
tr	O	I try to lift my arms and this time I 'm actually able to move them , albeit not very fast because they still feel weighed down .
tr	I	It was , but her fear of heights shouldn 't be endearing .
tr	I	Her lips were pulled tight with worry , and her face was pale .
tr	I	She gasped , and a shock like lightning ripped through her , the shock of intense physical attraction .
tr	O	Being so close to her he could now see the green of her eyes and he knew she was attracted to him too .
tr	I	Jason was still sweating , but the wind was cold .
tr	I	This is a substitute that keeps me from indulging in things I shouldn 't , but nothing can replace the all-consuming feeling of stripping away life .
tr	I	Habits are hard to break , but Sid 's threat was unnecessary .
tr	O	Danni started to turn toward him , but he held her in place .
tr	O	Thank God she knew nothing about what had transpired this afternoon , but that in itself added to my questions .
tr	I	They melt non-magical weapons which hit them and Frost deals x2 damage to the magma men .
tr	O	Now there was only death , and the echoing screams of the innocent .
tr	I	That 's all it was - a fantasy , but she had fantasized about the two of them .
tr	I	If he didn 't want to help there would be no reason for him to become a police officer and they were good people .
tr	I	I didn 't expect homesickness to set in so soon , but I didn 't think being away would be a breeze .
tr	I	The last thing on your mind is letting me back in my lab , and I know you grounded me .
tr	I	He reached for her hands and the rigid persona fell away .
tr	O	Sam with his wavy hair brushing the edges of his glasses , and Stacey sitting with her hands clasped on the table .
tr	I	She remembered screaming , or she 'd screamed .
tr	I	The weight of it deadened her eyes , and she 'd come here to kill her son .
tr	I	A walk might do her some good and she nodded , thinking some fresh air .
tr	O	It ruined everything , and now , Cy was finally coming around .
tr	O	Though I didn 't want to be his girlfriend back then , he was hotness incarnate , and I loved it when he touched me .
tr	I	He 'd seen how she 'd looked at him and especially now that his king had succumbed to Tareq 's insistence on attending the ceremony .
tr	I	I choked back a sob as Desmond gave me a shocked look and panic began to spread through my limbs .
tr	I	People would soon be waking and the night was coming to a close .
tr	O	My stomach rumbled loudly and I silently shushed it .
tr	I	Gregor had a bad feeling it was a crown , but it could have been some kind of hair band .
tr	O	You can have one more , but that 's it before lunch .
tr	I	I didn 't kiss her but she looked at me expectantly .
tr	O	I can see that you are more than human now , but there is something I feel coming from my human emulator .
tr	I	The sounds of rustling papers came from within , and the door to the inner office was open .
tr	O	Her friend gasps again and I wonder how Ella could be friends with her .
tr	I	Her eyes widened when she saw me , and Kenzie looked up .
tr	I	I was hoping they would purify any turned humans , and our weapons are Skyfire .
tr	I	Graeme held up his hand , but tavis started to scowl .
tr	O	Confidence is pretty hot on any girl , but on Megan it 's just downright sexy .
tr	I	The clouds overhead erupted with a full fury , and the ferry chugged away from the dock .
tr	I	Over the centuries she 'd learned to manage it , but something that affected her flying .
tr	O	I shook my head , and Evan 's jaw dropped .
tr	O	He brought me as close as possible and I was practically on top of his lap .
tr	O	It wasn 't very strong , but it was pleasantly sweet like fresh apple pie .
tr	I	He had mage blood , and Razvan was her father .
tr	O	His voice was tender , and Sarah felt a deep contentment wrap around her .
tr	I	He nodded and I asked .
tr	O	Before he could do anything with it , the door opened and Kat walked in , Archer right on her heels .
tr	I	He didn 't give me a chance to decide , but I wasn 't sure I believe him .
tr	O	He put his hand out for Scarlett to shake , and she took it reluctantly .
tr	O	His hands might not be able to take her , but he allowed his eyes to feast their fill for a few indulgent seconds .
tr	O	Nothing else happened and she breathed easier .
tr	I	He glances in my direction and I let out a laugh .
tr	I	Gavin interrupts , but I stare at her .
tr	I	He couldn 't control it and his mind was racing .
tr	I	They still had a little under a year to go before they could start trying themselves and Miranda had checked with her doctor .
tr	O	He had some of the dreaded paperwork to fill out , and then his presence was required at the coroner 's office .
tr	I	I was a mess , and these were the kings of vampires .
tr	O	It was a Saturday , and I thought we 'd made plans .
tr	O	They knew they wouldn 't be home for the majority of the summer , but it was close enough .
tr	O	I hadn 't even noticed Carly was here , but there she is , hunched over like she 's just been socked in the gut .
tr	I	His warm head nuzzled her gently , and she heard Mur shift .
tr	I	We knew the other sat there inches away , waiting but for a long time we said nothing .
tr	I	The faded voices that I heard and I tried to interpret the movement that I saw .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to admit that but it had been .
tr	O	I 've tried to talk to him , but he won 't open up to me .
tr	I	She couldn 't quite reach it , yet it was right there , within her grasp .
tr	O	My grandfather 's love had always been unconditional , but then again , I 'd always been human .
tr	O	They 've barricaded us out , but they 've also shot the bay door controls .
tr	I	I wasn 't especially enamored of America 's official overseas representatives either and I didn 't think very highly of myself at the moment .
tr	I	For now , she 'd enjoy it , but Misty wasn 't sure where this would go .
tr	I	Josie couldn 't believe there was even a choice here , but Linda 's pain of indecision was real .
tr	I	There was wariness in his eyes , but now he watched her as she watched him .
tr	O	He gave me one of those cajoling smiles , and I frowned at him .
tr	O	Heat rushed through his shaft as he swelled further still , but I took it in stride , gradually easing him deeper down my throat .
tr	I	He scrambled to his feet , and I flew forward , landing on my face .
tr	O	Rich was serious and he made sure his brother knew it .
tr	O	Noah had only been with the Flux about a year , but he had found his place among them .
tr	O	I had a bottle of nonprescription sleeping pills in my medicine cabinet , but they gave me nightmares .
tr	O	There was a flash of hurt in her eyes , and Peter regretted the words .
tr	O	We were both getting soaked , but I couldn 't seem to care at that moment .
tr	I	It seemed I won the argument , but it 's big headed of me .
tr	I	I ran , and he screamed .
tr	I	Her eyes smiled , but her lips frowned .
tr	I	The doors opened wide and the elevator stopped .
tr	O	I couldn 't feel her no matter how hard I tried and I pulled my hand away .
tr	O	The illusion showed no chains , but she would still be able to feel them .
tr	O	Chris had advanced up one stair above where Jake had stopped , and his left foot had sunken down much lower than it should have .
tr	I	Ian was up next and Dorian 's turn ended .
tr	I	We headed back to the car and after he was finished , I got him something to snack on .
tr	I	He was gone , the loud roar of a jungle cat the only sound echoing in the darkness and his skin blended with the midnight sky .
tr	O	The door opened and Mrs. Somers came back in , her face grim as she watched the scene before her .
tr	O	That Barton was working on a cure for himself and the patients were guinea pigs .
tr	O	He pointed at the wound with his claw and it took much not to wince at it .
tr	O	He imagined there would be dogs released , and his chances of escape would be nil .
tr	O	I am the person I am because of her , and I awaken each day reminded of how she has contributed to my existence .
tr	I	On the last sentence , Iliana looked down at Jaime , but it was all shrieked at approximately the same decibel level .
tr	O	The Guards broke into laughter , but others didn 't join them .
tr	O	Yes , she had needed him to show her the ways of this world , and she would probably need him in the future .
tr	I	He couldn 't escape the crushing sense of doom that was suffocating him but he tried to seize hold of Julian 's determination .
tr	O	I knew he meant it playfully , but the thoughts I kept at bay stormed back to the surface .
tr	I	I knew what time it was because I had asked Mercer when he had returned but I didn 't have a watch .
tr	O	I leaned forward , crouching to get more spring And I flung myself off the cliff .
tr	I	The attention from Nash was flattering , and it was wonderful having my friends around me .
tr	I	Her eyes getting heavy wondering how rays really communicated with each other , and Lydia sat there with the computer humming .
tr	O	Soon my breathing fell into a steady rhythm with the gentle strumming beside me and my mind drifted closer to sleep .
tr	O	He 's trying to provide for us , but I told him the smell irritated Abby 's throat .
tr	I	She refused to throw up in front of Cain Granger , but the whole room seemed to be spinning .
tr	I	The thought crossed her mind that she could actually pass out right here in front of Debra and as she looked down , her head was spinning .
tr	I	The day was depressing enough without thinking of him , and it had been months since I 'd seen Robin .
tr	I	She remembered how hurt she 'd been when Trey dumped her , and Kylie 's chest ached for Del a .
tr	I	Looking out at an entire mountain range of loose brains and as he spoke , I suddenly found myself awash in a sea of blood .
tr	O	I know I look different , but I 'm the same .
tr	O	The sweetness in the air thickened , and the urge to taste increased .
tr	I	Winning the first place , and all he thought about was his Science project .
tr	O	He 'd given up a lot of freedom , but it had been the right thing to do .
tr	O	He hadn 't seen Jackie since the day of the surf contest , but he could still feel her touch on his skin .
tr	O	Joby 's timing had never been good , but he had other things to think about .
tr	O	Everyone kept telling him that , and maybe they were right .
tr	I	Most of all he relished the opportunity to lurk , but he also enjoyed the comfort of the small stove .
tr	O	All he had to do was follow one straight to the meet-up and he was golden .
tr	I	I certainly had no idea what I wanted , and I had no idea what was going on .
tr	O	Kip 's eyes trailed to Hannah and she seemed to shrink , huddling under the blazer like it was a tent .
tr	I	She leaned against the doorframe , watching the action in the next room , and a few slow , painful steps to the door .
tr	O	Uncle Kar swatted the horse , and it bolted out of the barn .
tr	I	Her anger burned through them with searing heat , but tears glistened in her eyes .
tr	O	He elbowed me , and I rolled my eyes .
tr	O	Perhaps he was too , but laying in a bed beside her sounded like the most pleasant thing he could do .
tr	O	The dwarf was shaking with anger and his face was red with emotion .
tr	O	She 's scared out of her mind and she needs a familiar face with her .
tr	I	Excited voices filled the room , and he heard a crash below .
tr	I	I have no knowledge of it , but old tales said it had something to do with the first King .
tr	O	We held hands so often that she became my right hand and I became her left .
tr	O	I ask and he nods .
tr	O	He tried to sound as brave as the others , but a squeak to his voice betrayed his terror .
tr	O	I started looking for anything to distract my mind from Elle , but it was no use .
tr	I	Another night was required before they sighted their ship in the cove but they traveled hard .
tr	O	Uh , listen , tonight 's been great , and I 'm really happy for y ' all .
tr	I	They 'd be on him , or he had to do something .
tr	I	I always thought of them as part of mine , and her parents always treated me like I was part of the family .
tr	I	They can 't be more than three feet deep and the trenches here are , well feeble .
tr	I	In spite of his resolve he felt his breath catch in his chest , and the Prince fell silent .
tr	I	My feelings for her were getting stronger by the minute , and she was just too damn adorable .
tr	I	Boys stopped crying when they were eight years old , and Blue came from that world where men didn 't cry .
tr	O	When I press the B button , a tiny green light illuminates and the doors close .
tr	I	She was almost certain that it had come from her garden and she had heard a sound from outside her bedroom window .
tr	O	William 's face was set with resolution and I was nearly breaking out in hives just thinking about encountering another awkward Charles , William , Bryn triangle .
tr	I	He moved , with his hand on the back of the carnivorous pony , but he moved slowly .
tr	I	I sat on the chair in the corner and Jared sat down on the bed .
tr	O	I thought his family was all dead and they might be alive somewhere .
tr	I	Every literary translation I can find , and I have the old Catholic translation .
tr	O	The fourth agent , who 'd stayed silent , took her two suitcases from her and they all headed for the elevator .
tr	I	I pushed it away , but his parting words bothered me a bit .
tr	O	They passed paintings , but neither paid much attention .
tr	O	Sebastian stuck his hand out next and I took it .
tr	I	The other part felt like I was betraying Dad , but part of me wanted to be happy for Mom .
tr	O	It was pretty awkward for me to be there but I had to be there to support Jonathan .
tr	O	I was arguing with myself , trying to justify a quick trip to La Push , but I couldn 't do it .
tr	I	This unexpected audience was highly opportune and while he was impatient to see Elizabeth , he had some thoughts to share about the investigation .
tr	O	Danger sailed on the wind and he could feel that wind now .
tr	O	You told me a little yesterday , but I need to know more .
tr	O	He slid one finger inside , running along the top and she arched her hips against his hand .
tr	O	The business of law was dog eat dog , or in our world , cannibal eat cannibal .
tr	I	The words blur for me , and I look down at it .
tr	I	Someone handed me a bucket , and her henchmen undid the restraints .
tr	O	On the outside everything seemed normal , but inside I was full of turmoil .
tr	I	Even then I felt as if I was playing at something , trying to show my parents SEE ME , but sure , I travelled !
tr	O	Her brother had been cremated and his ashes placed in a common grave without a marker .
tr	O	Of course I 'd been kissed before , but all those times faded from my mind .
tr	I	I wrenched it back open , but she started to pull her door closed .
tr	O	He had a reputation , one which he 'd been carefully building over the past several years , and she 'd maligned his character .
tr	O	It hurt like hell , but it was the truth .
tr	O	It took a few seconds for his eyes to adjust to the gloom , and then Edwin was able to discern his surroundings .
tr	I	I was getting ready to drag her as far as possible from the window and the adrenalin was flowing again .
tr	I	Just like the first time , I didn 't mean to , and I 'd offended him again .
tr	O	Jackson had an eclectic collection of movies , but I raised an eyebrow as I picked up one DVD .
tr	O	Lola 's smile vanished , and her lips became pursed .
tr	I	It worked for my happiness that I liked to keep us in , but I don 't know why I always kept Colt on some pedestal .
tr	I	Life in the cities is greatly improved , and Romanization progresses in the provinces .
tr	O	I also had much longer hair , and my body finally grew into itself .
tr	I	She felt better knowing he knew , but she still hadn 't figured out why she was telling him .
tr	I	Her heart ached from the force of it , and his pain hit her as strongly as if it were her own .
tr	I	The living dead understood that it was their way of surviving the years , but perhaps it was not as pleasurable for those involved .
tr	I	We 'd talk over my new classes , and he 'd meet me at school sometimes .
tr	I	I climbed out , doing my best to not jostle her as I moved and the van door slid open with ease .
tr	I	A moment later his hands did too , and his face fell .
tr	O	The wedding was in four weeks and they 'd done nothing to prepare .
tr	I	I can tell , but it 's subtle .
tr	I	We stopped right in front of the old wooden gate , and I pulled the car over at the next entrance to a field .
tr	I	They began to slide across the water , and the motor started up .
tr	O	He passes the photo to me wordlessly , and I examine the smiling face .
tr	I	You would have never known from listening to her , but they spent only three years together .
tr	O	You are mine , and I 'm not letting go .
tr	O	Hanna 's mouth opened , but no words came out .
tr	O	My mother found me , and we walked to the house , just the two of us .
tr	O	Her silver eyes lit up with joy when she saw him and a smile found its way to Hiro 's face .
tr	O	We can talk about what I did later , and you can give me the biggest lecture on how stupid I am .
tr	I	He couldn 't deny that he did , but he didn 't want to desire her .
tr	I	Ashe threw aside the torch , swearing , and the last remnant of the flame disappeared .
tr	O	I didn 't envy a Second forced into the role of a Master ... and I 'd helped put him there .
tr	I	You don 't know anything and you didn 't see anything .
tr	O	Drake closed his eyes again , but he wasn 't going to sleep through her next visit .
tr	I	She looked down at the paper and his lopsided grin was self-deprecating .
tr	O	We sat at the kitchen table and I was half way through my sandwich before Joe had even touched his .
tr	O	Black blood sprayed the wall , and the teeth finally let go .
tr	I	Her tongue darted out , delicately licking the flat brown circle , and she moved those few inches .
tr	I	She sprang to her feet , stumbling backward and I relented just before I did permanent damage .
tr	I	He stood rooted to the spot , hoping she 'd say it again and at one point he thought he heard her whisper his name .
tr	O	There were so many that they covered almost an entire wall , but unlike home , they did not cover the floor as well .
tr	O	Ted 's a bully , and we know that .
tr	I	I couldn 't speak , and my mouth went dry .
tr	I	They would give him no further information , but the other was confirmed to have entered the bureau around the reported time .
tr	O	That could mean invaders , or it could mean sisters .
tr	O	He offered his arm and she nestled immediately into him .
tr	O	He went over it again , but there was no mistake .
tr	I	There was a light rain falling and the sun had vanished once again .
tr	O	I knew he was an old friend of Ollie 's , but after our dealings in the past few days I didn 't entirely trust him .
tr	O	He meets my eyes , and what I see in that brilliant blue warms me .
tr	O	Michael stops and I feel his hands on my face .
tr	I	Rank always came first , but they might be friends .
tr	O	It didn 't seem such a dreadful crime - and I was going to sneak it back when I had read it .
tr	I	It didn 't bother me , but she looked embarrassed .
tr	I	Whatever it was , it wouldn 't work , but he had no idea what she was thinking .
tr	O	Larry Fowler 's eyes flashed with an impatient look behind his glasses , and his smile turned into a gnashing of teeth .
tr	O	Nikolas ducked and the beam smashed into the tank .
tr	I	It won 't be for long , but the hallway is quiet right now .
tr	I	The other men began to follow as well and tavis echoed the name with surprise as he .
tr	O	Eugene really has no alibi , and I 'm stumped .
tr	O	His expression was so thunderous I should have been afraid , but something other than fear began to fill me .
tr	I	It will never leave you helpless , and it will always take your side .
tr	O	He asked for Bolster , but apparently they were both out .
tr	O	Jean was one of my roommates , and we 've kept in touch ever since .
tr	O	After that his color started coming back and a little smile curved his lips .
tr	O	He 'd said he was sorry and she believed he meant it .
tr	I	Each was stationed with three men holding guns , and there were eight large towers surrounding the compound .
tr	I	That was her biggest virtue , and Sara was a no-nonsense kind of person .
tr	O	I know we need to have time to become friends , but I 'm not going to deny what I feel already .
tr	I	She 'd never done it on purpose , but Connie did have a talent for picking out losers .
tr	I	She drove away and he got in .
tr	O	The aroma was strong , and she licked her lips .
tr	I	Shots rang out from every direction , and we tossed grenades .
tr	O	The edges of her vision blurred and once again she pulled herself together .
tr	O	His hair was combed over his spotted head , and his suspenders were keeping up loose-fitting pants .
tr	O	She 's got a body that won 't quit , sure , but there 's this whole Pollyanna thing going on .
tr	I	She 's filed a petition to get custody of Grace ... tomorrow , and the girl who killed Mia is out of prison ?
tr	I	The primary reason Claire had agreed with Leanne 's decision to get breast implants and it was heartbreaking to watch .
tr	O	He could feel her pain and the tears blurred his vision .
tr	O	He turned to look at her , and she realized Henry had been crying .
tr	I	It didn 't help , but I cleared my throat .
tr	I	This time she used it to jab her face several times , and she stuck the poker back into the fire .
tr	I	I got pulled into looking for Olive , and Nina found me in a spirit dream .
tr	I	That 's the problem , and it 's infectious .
tr	O	A moment later it swung open , and Lauren was there with a disgruntled look on her face .
tr	O	He was bandaged in places , but he had all his limbs .
tr	I	I didn 't complain and we walked the hallway slowly .
tr	I	I try to gulp them back and I can feel the sobs coming .
tr	I	His conviction with it , and his strength was returning .
tr	O	He glanced over at his mother but she sat serenely rocking Athena on her lap .
tr	I	Sal immediately ordered a bottle of 1957 wine and the wine steward came up to their table .
tr	O	The days were endless , but the nights were worse .
tr	O	A lightning bug landed on her arm , but she didn 't flick it away .
tr	O	A northern white cedar overshadowed the backyard , but there was no dog .
tr	I	She pondered calling him , and she hadn 't seen Mike alone .
tr	O	His head tilted to the side , and I watched his left eyebrow arch .
tr	O	I shoot a quick look at my dad , but it doesn 't look like he 's in the mood to play responsible adult .
tr	O	Moonlight flooded the lane between the lodges , and a breeze stirred up swirls of dust .
tr	O	The car came to a screeching halt in front of a red , three-story building , and I got out .
tr	O	It was a step in the right direction and I was feeling like I could do anything .
tr	O	I couldn 't see John 's face across the intersection , but I recognized his green T-shirt .
tr	I	They all looked badly underdressed , and their breath came in clouds .
tr	I	She fell asleep quickly , and the last couple of days had taken their toll .
tr	I	His fingers tensed as they intertwined with mine , and the muscles under his jaws twitched .
tr	O	I would have , for my brothers , but I didn 't want that for myself .
tr	O	She 'd just need a little of his blood , and she 'd heal .
tr	I	She couldn 't see , and the world had gone black .
tr	I	I nodded without looking at him and Steve 's voice interrupted my thoughts .
tr	O	She tried to run , but her feet felt frozen .
tr	I	They weren 't vegan as they contained eggs but she used a gluten-free recipe to meet her mother 's dietary needs .
tr	O	Dale was on the football team , but he wasn 't a good player .
tr	O	I had slept very heavily , and I 'd had bad dreams .
tr	O	Humans , puppets of a vampire , had constructed the trap , and only a master vampire could have kept his presence from Riordan .
tr	I	I snap my mouth shut , but I have a ready comeback .
tr	O	The flash blinded them , but Thon was not burned .
tr	I	His hair was soaked and his clothes were drenched .
tr	I	I didn 't feel any sadness and it was finally time for me to go home .
tr	I	Both frown with distorted faces and they kiss then pull back .
tr	O	Since a ladder was needed to climb inside , the fear wasn 't reasonable , but then little girl fears never were .
tr	O	His kiss died on her mouth , and his hand froze on her back .
tr	O	They were his closest friends , but he would teach them a lesson anyway .
tr	O	I laughed then and now he was looking at me like I was insane .
tr	I	Brooke pressed a finger to her lips but Evy opened her mouth to protest .
tr	I	I shook my head , and she said .
tr	I	They 'll be happy to know they finally got some other kids close enough to play with for a change and they 're good kids .
tr	O	He was angry , and the finger that was pointed at the unseen underling looked like a gun as he jabbed it in that direction .
tr	O	Jack stood away from them with his shoulders set stiffly , and his jaw locked as he stared into the dense forest .
tr	I	She had killed a man and she was becoming a monster .
tr	O	He scanned the bachelor pad with new eyes and he saw a million details in a different light .
tr	O	They 're typically friendly , but they 're pack animals .
tr	O	These men were dressed in camouflage , and it seemed to be their everyday clothing .
tr	I	He met her lips with his in a fervent kiss and she stepped forward .
tr	I	Surely no-one would disown diamonds of such value , and he has stated already that these items were not his .
tr	I	It doesn 't mean that I have to be prisoner to that love , but there 's no escaping it .
tr	O	It was a beautiful night and maybe it did remind me of another like it long ago , one where I had also been chasing something .
tr	I	The words wouldn 't come , and she stared up at me .
tr	O	At Rosewood Day , sixth-graders were allowed to try out for JV , but only one would make the team any given year .
tr	O	I didn 't have anything to be ashamed about , but she had that effect .
tr	O	It was colder than Miami but he was still far enough south that winter felt safely distant .
tr	O	His wings snapped out and he glided in an arch through the ashy , sunless sky .
tr	I	She wouldn 't mind in the least and Little did he know that he could do anything he wanted to with her right then .
tr	I	I relaxed and I waited for his salute .
tr	O	It was getting old , and he was tired of taking cold showers .
tr	O	It was one thing for her to sneak in one stake , but it would have been impossible for her to sneak in two .
tr	O	She touched the Anvil with her Guardian magic , but nothing happened .
tr	I	Will was a strong proponent of using animals to connect with tortured individuals , and equine therapy was catching on in the mental health community .
tr	O	I know he likes me , and I thought I liked him .
tr	I	I figure Realm might still be in there , and when I get to Dr. Warren 's door , it 's closed .
tr	O	He didn 't mean to do it , and he doesn 't even know it happened .
tr	I	He had to wonder , but she laughed at his acting .
tr	O	Amanda hated sounding like those people who made judgments on a person 's occupation , but she was curious .
tr	O	After a while her tears abated and she opened her eyes .
tr	I	It was a pointless attempt , but the demon broke into a run again .
tr	O	The lump returns to my throat , but I do not hurry my old friend away this time .
tr	I	I know little about it , but I know of it .
tr	I	She glowed , and she seemed insubstantial .
tr	O	Sarah didn 't appear to have heard her , but Gideon certainly had .
tr	O	He said casually , as if he were simply musing out loud , but there was a shadow in his silver eyes .
tr	I	The security had the place locked down tight , but he worked his way all along the river , trying to find some means of transportation .
tr	O	Asher 's eyes flashed with excitement , and I could tell this was something he loved .
tr	O	It 's the last Friday of our summer break , and we 're squished together on my tiny front porch .
tr	I	People were dying , and Everything had gone wrong .
tr	O	Ian nodded once and Simon shoved Philip down the short embankment .
tr	O	No one knew whether America would enter the conflict , and the mood was grim .
tr	I	Yet he was able to escape , but you should have swallowed his magic along with the others that night .
tr	I	He was doing what he could to keep up , but his memory was affected , like so many others .
tr	I	When Zeus peeked through the glass , his tail started to wag , but instinctively he tensed .
tr	I	He needed someone 's but he may not need her blood .
tr	I	We walked out of the museum and Diana took hold of his hand .
tr	O	She didn 't see a soul around her and there were no other cars on the road .
tr	O	We might want to drop by a few more villages , but I don 't think it 'll be necessary .
tr	I	I now understood why they haven 't all shifted to leave and Gabriel must have shifted out of his shackles .
tr	O	He gestured at Wren and she looked up at me .
tr	O	Peter tossed the gun into the bushes and they got into the car .
tr	I	Your father would have handed Art over and if a baby had been reported missing , perhaps decency would have won out .
tr	O	Frantic now , I searched around , yet still I could not find her .
tr	O	She was really getting to him , and the worst of it was , she wasn 't even trying .
tr	I	There was a little bit of light in the window , and I could hear faint music coming from inside .
tr	O	His wavy hair fell around his shoulders and she could barely look into his eyes .
tr	I	He would use it to his advances and she was utterly in love with him .
tr	I	He didn 't have one , and she deserved a real explanation .
tr	O	He gestures toward the door and I walk ahead of him .
tr	O	Andrew thought for a moment , and then he smiled at her .
tr	I	Each was composed of the same precious opal stone , and I inspected every grape on the Golden Vine Ring 's cluster .
tr	O	His gaze passed over the small round rubbish pot in the corner and he started towards it .
tr	I	She 'd never thought it actually would be , but she 'd dreamed it would be like this .
tr	I	Yet she wanted to throttle him , and a few kisses were all they 'd ever shared .
tr	I	With a wave of her hand , she crossed off well over two dozen , and she examined the names .
tr	O	I hid the package in a box in the closet and I thought I would take my revenge for that trick .
tr	O	His embrace was inviting and it made me feel so good , like he was protecting me the same way I wanted to protect him .
tr	I	They 'd been inseparable ever since , and they met through an arranged play date set up by their mothers .
tr	O	My eyes hadn 't fully adjusted , but even without being able to see him , I could tell his jaw was clenched tight .
tr	O	He was breathing slowly and his eyes were closed .
tr	I	It was enough for the Raven to take notice , but the other man had begun to tremble ever so slightly .
tr	O	A lump of bar came loose in her hand , squishing between her fingers , and the floor warped around her , sucking her down .
tr	O	I 'm on indefinite compassionate leave , and my absence is being covered .
tr	O	I 'm not saying it 's right , but I did meet you first .
tr	O	A younger deputy was usually assigned to the main door , but at the moment he was on the atrium side manning the metal detector .
tr	I	The ideas came together nicely and you have a nice writing style .
tr	O	I turned my gaze to her and she stared right back .
tr	O	There was grass and it was green .
tr	I	The floor was crafted of pale white marble , and it was lined with delicate , spiraled arches .
tr	O	They looked dark as night , and if they were any indication of his thoughts , I knew they were extreme .
tr	I	The floor was slightly raised , creating a sort of makeshift stage , and red satin floor-length curtains blocked off the back walls .
tr	I	It lodged itself in his belly and he wasn 't fast enough .
tr	O	I don 't know why the Lord chose to take her home this morning , but He did .
tr	O	His leather leggings pressed against the back of her thighs as he wrapped his arms around her , and he kissed the side of her neck .
tr	O	The waiter brings our meal , and Doyle has Salmon .
tr	O	The cold weather had dampened everyone 's spirit it seemed and he barely looked up as Deckard passed over his chit .
tr	O	We walked past the command room , and I gestured for Kali to fall in .
tr	I	She would still hear , but she knew that her dear goddess was far from her earthly body .
tr	I	Jackie switched on the engine and they dashed to the car .
tr	I	Soon his words turn to song and Sean continues to recite the verse .
tr	O	His replies were curt , but at least he replied .
tr	I	The others start pulling weapons from their harnesses , and Blaze pulls out another dagger .
tr	I	Then her face goes blank briefly , and she laughs at her own joke .
tr	O	He kisses the side of my head and I shift slightly towards him , careful not to wake the pregnant princess .
tr	I	Posts guards around its periphery , and Pippa warns us not to leave her circle .
tr	I	Her mother had died when she was eight , and she 'd never known her father .
tr	O	Aric cut the ribbon in one snip , and the crowds cheered .
tr	I	She didn 't retreat , and he approached her now .
tr	O	It was quiet and the food was excellent .
tr	I	You will behave properly , from now on NO more compassion for anyone inferior to you and you are my child .
tr	I	Oliver stepped out , and the doors opened .
tr	O	Relief Flooded over me , but I dreaded spending the day with my father considering his mood .
tr	I	This is not part of the plan , and I 've finally got my life together .
tr	I	It became sore and when he rolled his shoulder he heard it clicking .
tr	O	It was Friday night and the pubs were open .
tr	I	Snow fell on Saint Peter and the winter struck with all its might .
tr	O	I believed him then and I believe him now .
tr	I	Lissa 's body slowly became solid and a bit of light formed .
tr	I	It felt overwhelmingly powerful and it was the first time we had ever been vulnerable to one another .
tr	I	I groaned inwardly when I saw a crowd of people lingering around us and my head shot up .
tr	O	If we do not see him breaking the Law , we will not act against him , and the relationship will not be threatened .
tr	O	I know this is a lot to process but you have to understand that you 're in danger .
tr	O	The only vampire I could stand was the captain of my ship , but perhaps that was just because I 'd known him for so long .
tr	I	I drew it close around me , and I was wrapped in my detachment .
tr	I	It didn 't help very much , but her faith in me was touching .
tr	I	Harvey came running from the back bedroom and she unlocked the door to her apartment .
tr	O	I would have said that the colour would depend on how much dye was used , not when it was applied , but she wasn 't there .
tr	O	She turned around and her face heated up at Aurora 's speculative look .
tr	O	She laughed , but Gavin caught the pale tint to her skin when she passed a tray of steaming garlic pasta .
tr	O	The one she 'd kneed backhanded her across the mouth , and Alexia felt a starburst of pain before tasting blood .
tr	I	For once , Corrado was grateful to return to an empty home , and there was no sign of Celia anywhere .
tr	I	She laughed at me as we left the room , and I looked away with a soft , embarrassed smile .
tr	O	Asher 's in front of me and he opens the door .
tr	O	He gave three knocks , and Isabella opened the door .
tr	I	It 's stiff , stuck to the ground , but she tries to lift it onto her lap .
tr	O	Yes , this sucks , but it 's not forever .
tr	O	Many had it far worse , and everyone knew it .
tr	O	Her body seized and she cried out .
tr	O	A chair materialized and he sat down .
tr	I	She had blushed , covering her face with her hands , and I had told her the only thing I loved more than her was her feet .
tr	O	Jake had not given that point much thought in recent days , but it was true .
tr	O	It was now or never she thought taking a deep breath .
tr	I	Jude put his finger in front of her lips , but she opened her mouth to speak .
tr	I	He supposed his brothers would argue that point , but he found it hard to believe .
tr	I	This smile was different , but Mistral smiled again .
tr	I	Her mother had managed to carry on long conversations with him , but because of a stroke , Tom Harding had been unable to speak .
tr	O	This was foreign to me as a city mouse , but I would soon look up to the older boys as great providers for our community .
tr	I	We will not have sufficient time to move the final piece off course , but we will get this one moved .
tr	I	I was intrigued , but unfortunately it failed .
tr	I	I still had my weak points , but the Marines had helped with that .
tr	O	Alistair landed beside it and the boys climbed down .
tr	I	He catches me in his arms , laughing under his breath as he intentionally rubs his sweaty body against mine and I stumble to the side .
tr	I	Right before she could sleep the branches above their head snapped , but Soul looked at him in alarm .
tr	I	The food ready to serve and the table was set .
tr	O	Theresa just said and the line ended .
tr	I	The light rail 's bell sounded before it moved forward again , and the light changed .
tr	O	She wore her hair long , and her white nightgown nearly glowed in the moonlight .
tr	I	That was last night ; but I refused to believe it myself .
tr	I	He could feel the heat in his cheeks , and Liam was already flush from all the ale .
tr	O	I glanced up at him , and he gave me a faint smile .
tr	O	Her head falls forward and she bites down on my shoulder .
tr	I	When I 'd tried to talk to Liza , it had been awkward as hell , and Jessica had been with me .
tr	I	He needed to know what she was thinking in order to keep her safe , but he knew he wouldn 't like the answer .
tr	I	The forklift didn 't tip over but Molly winced in anticipation .
tr	I	Just the thought made me feel better , but I said no .
tr	O	I didn 't know what it was , but I gripped it with all my might .
tr	I	Grace realized her assistant was already back from lunch and Loretta Bailey returned to her desk .
tr	I	If Max fired Duke , he would lose all these men , and he said they had pledged their loyalty to him .
tr	O	He is over-the-top aggressive and women still swarm him like a hive to honey .
tr	I	Slowly , a yellow spot light grew brighter across the room , and the lights went out .
tr	I	He has to come home sometime , right , but he 's not there ?
tr	I	I spoke quickly to avoid a fight I might possibly lose , but I have had worse odds .
tr	I	Of course it just sounded like an accident , but that 's when I really started to worry .
tr	O	Winter came , and Ambrose 's rhythm of life slowed a little .
tr	I	He didn 't take it and I gave him his chance .
tr	I	I couldn 't even see him anymore and I was so angry that my brain was flooded with it .
tr	I	He released the main sail which quickly billowed out with the wind and she could tell that he loved sailing when they left the Portland harbor .
tr	I	It was not the way I wanted to wake up , but I understood it went with the general farmhouse vibe the hotel had going on .
tr	I	Her heart was beating so fast that it could have easily jumped out of her body , but nobody noticed it .
tr	I	I paused when he said my number , but I stood up , ready to escape .
tr	I	Daemon responded before I could , but I shot him a look .
tr	I	Else you 'll be stammering it in front of a magistrate , or you need to tell me everything .
tr	O	Startled , she met his gaze and in that moment she knew he was as stunned as she .
tr	I	I threw the ball wild and the first play went into motion .
tr	I	She knew it , and because he did .
tr	I	I could hear her footsteps pounding against the stairs to the top floor and as I dealt the next hand , Alexa walked down the hall .
tr	O	She rose , and he did too .
tr	O	Our actions are evil , but we are not .
tr	O	His eyes are scrolling over my face and he 's smiling just enough that his dimples are showing .
tr	O	I waited for Henry to say something , anything to help me understand , but he was silent .
tr	O	We were outside the Kozlov 's door soon enough and I hammered my fist against it , careless of who it might wake up .
tr	O	She flopped back on the bed and her elbow hit something hard .
tr	I	He didn 't try anything with me , but Bozeman had a reputation for fast hands .
tr	I	The rice provided an antidote , bland though it was , and he was hungry .
tr	I	I 'd love a first kiss , but reyes , I know this is going to sound strange .
tr	O	He heard the man talking , but his voice was becoming quieter .
tr	O	Naked hunger passed through his eyes , but he didn 't take a bite .
tr	O	You 'd now have the number and please keep it to yourself .
tr	O	He moved his hand , and the pain became a burning coal .
tr	I	I dove for her and I caught a flash of red .
tr	O	I hear your screams and I share your anguish .
tr	O	I told him that I told my mom about that night and Cooper told me that he told Mason .
tr	O	She kicked up with her leg , but he twisted his body away from her , then pressed her back against the counter , pinning her down .
tr	I	This wasn 't unusual in times of impending battle , but he wore an armored mask that hid his features .
tr	O	The ale had a rich , full flavor , a little nutty , and it left a pleasant aftertaste lingering in the mouth .
tr	O	The top window was very slightly open , but it was doubtful whether anyone could get through .
tr	I	I had a feeling we 'd need the privacy , but I left the door open a tiny bit so we could still hear Noah .
tr	O	His words sound sincere , but they are lined with distaste .
tr	I	The hall was empty , but I glanced around .
tr	O	He 'd been pouring himself out to Martin , and he hadn 't closed the emotional doors yet .
tr	O	He may be the ruler of this country , but I was ruler of two others .
tr	O	It was much smaller than most of the ship 's dimensions , maybe only four yards cubed , but it dwarfed its owners meagre possessions .
tr	O	Heat ran up my neck and I was glad I wasn 't facing him .
tr	O	We looked at each other , exasperated and I answered it .
tr	O	Jane had no idea what that was about , but she didn 't care about their inside jokes .
tr	O	Holiday asked , and while she saw Holiday 's disapproval , Kylie also felt Holiday 's compassion .
tr	O	I don 't make enough to help him and my brothers even cut him off last year .
tr	I	She was greedy for every single inch of him , and he was inside her up to the hilt in this position .
tr	I	There was a distinct uneasiness roiling in her stomach , a warning she had learned from vast experience to heed , but it seemed solid enough .
tr	O	Her gaze lowered to his bared throat and her tongue darted out to caress her lush lower lip .
tr	O	All the lines got blurred and she got hurt .
tr	O	She tried to slam the door , but he blocked it with his foot .
tr	O	His breath was heavy , but he forced a whisper .
tr	O	She would have a hard enough time this morning without light , but being without caffeine might make it impossible .
tr	I	She let him in , and eventually he wore her down .
tr	I	She was an unexpected twist and this woman was smart as hell .
tr	I	She felt a faint chill , and the warning made her uncertain .
tr	I	She flushed as she thought about all the things he had done to her , and her eyes traveled the length of him .
tr	O	I knew Shadow the mutt stayed with Eli , but even Shadow was nowhere to be found .
tr	O	I call Vanessa twice and we speak in code .
tr	I	In those eyes I saw despair and its eyes burned a fiery blue .
tr	O	I couldn 't remember Claude 's last name , and that made me feel very odd .
tr	I	With every passing minute , the frown on his face deepened and he began hitting buttons .
tr	O	He was just standing there , staring at me , but my head was so foggy I 'm not even sure I understood anything .
tr	O	My name 's Rhett and I never thought I 'd be in this situation .
tr	I	Her eyes searched the landing and she held up a candle .
tr	O	Yusuf was fending off a half dozen burly mercenaries , and his companions were too busy themselves to come to his aid .
tr	I	That piqued my interest , and I suspected the latter .
tr	O	Cars screeched to a halt outside , and the trampling of feet running up the stairs made their way to my ears .
tr	O	He walked with a confident swagger that all of the girls found irresistible , and his tousled dark hair blew in the breeze .
tr	O	This all seems off-topic but it 's absolutely not .
tr	O	Swiftly she opened the freezer compartment , and vapor poured out as cold air met warm .
tr	I	I 'm starting to feel really queasy , and I don 't like the way the world keeps reinventing itself for my amusement .
tr	O	Benji pulled open a heavy metal door , and then we walked outside into the courtyard .
tr	O	The little princess was wearing a rather plain green gown open at the throat , and her expression was somewhat subdued .
tr	O	Unfortunately it wasn 't , but I did recognize the mass of vibrant red hair .
tr	O	He needed to know how far he could go , and there was a part of her that felt utterly helpless .
tr	O	How on the weekend things changed and he was seen with another woman .
tr	O	Get inside and I 'll tell you !
tr	I	I didn 't care but he pleaded for mercy .
tr	I	It seemed a long way away , but Marie knew of Tandy 's marriage in Ireland .
tr	I	He knew they could not stop now and they 'd been running for some time now .
tr	O	I 'm going to read , and you 're going to listen .
tr	I	Monica moved in over the laundromat , and they were married three weeks later .
tr	O	He knew about your family , and he 's been willing in the past to use someone 's family to get to them .
tr	I	It soon disappeared from sight , and we quietly started stacking our wood across the only way out .
tr	O	I knew this , because our bank earnings grew with Wells Fargo Bank and we had more resources to divest .
tr	I	They were always afraid , but I told them all that we had come for research , for knowledge .
tr	I	It caused her to smile once more and she thought of her Jacky in love .
tr	O	He seemed to be buying a child 's death picture and it sounded as if this was not the first time .
tr	O	Kellan 's voice had picked up strength , and it was all I could focus on .
tr	O	Ham says he can 't beat you even in an unfair fight anymore , and you 've kept the palace free of assassins .
tr	O	My eyes scanned the water for Janet , but I didn 't see her .
tr	I	She knew it was late in the morning and the suns showed brightly through the narrow windows .
tr	O	He looked at the vial ... and he looked at his friend .
tr	I	I realized that Caroline was being sarcastic , and Jed snorted .
tr	I	His mouth twitched , and she darted a look at him .
tr	O	Lydia could understand why Dean would get Marcus to write the letters , but he could have handled things differently .
tr	O	I have given serious consideration to this Czech offer to lure him to Newcastle , but now I recommend taking a step back .
tr	O	I know what love is , damn it , because you put it in me , and you 've given it to me .
tr	O	He had no idea why she was here , now , in his dreams , but he wasn 't going to question it .
tr	O	She should 've been loyal to our kind , but she chose to be loyal to whatever feelings she had for you .
tr	I	Frustration had left behind and his mind 's ability for straight thinking also returned with a crash , furious at the mess anger .
tr	I	Alexander stopped him with a look , but the guard raised his fist again .
tr	I	Stares at the form-fitting cocktail dress his stylist picked for our first public date and he grins .
tr	I	It might spell doom for all of us and she is up to no good for sure .
tr	I	She pulled open a drawer and I followed her into Laura 's room .
tr	I	She took the final step , and he didn 't make any move toward her , just waited for her to come to him .
tr	I	The building still glowed from the inside as fires many levels below the street still burned , but the visible fire was out .
tr	I	I lifted my legs for him to rise , and Alcide said he had to get back to Shreveport .
tr	O	Their full intention was to kiss again , but it would be put on hold as the blinking light of Preacher 's scope alerted them .
tr	I	He wouldn 't hurt Grace anymore , and he had more than earned it .
tr	O	Colin called , but my roommates must have stopped him .
tr	O	I waited , wondering if Jo-Jo would say anything else , but her eyes quickly cleared .
tr	I	He realized she was moving and the dangerous curves began to shift beneath the thin layer of leather .
tr	I	This is exactly what I 've been training for my whole life , but until an hour ago I had no idea .
tr	O	Liam hit her in the back of the head , and she dropped like a stone into his arms .
tr	I	Mom sometimes let me stay at home when I pretended to be sick , and Today was Friday .
tr	O	One side of his face lay in shadow , but she could see that his eyes were now dark with desire .
tr	I	Music Hanna didn 't recognize filtered out , and Kate 's bedroom door was closed .
tr	O	So far Arlo has not yet sought me out to speak about this , but I know it 's only a matter of time .
tr	I	She 'd thought he 'd pick her up in a nice car , not a limousine but sure , the man was rich .
tr	I	You 'll be fine , and just walk out into the air .
tr	I	He was furious at his lack of self-control and one night of lovemaking hadn 't been enough .
tr	I	I had to see that shit and he opened fire on a house !
tr	I	That didn 't feel right to him , yet God help them both if she was betraying Whitney .
tr	O	A car had followed him into the court and it slowed as he stepped out .
tr	I	He was afraid of her and he already noticed too many signs .
tr	I	Her words would find their way into the heavens and perhaps there was a path to the light above .
tr	I	She wanted to go home , but if they want to go dancing , she thought , more power to them .
tr	O	She hung back , and though it was difficult to tell in the darkness , she looked concerned .
tr	O	We need to be fast and we need to be sneaky .
tr	O	The babies were coming , and they were coming now .
tr	O	The door to the next section slid open and Liz lowered her arm .
tr	I	He was alone again and both gone .
tr	O	I tried to back away from him but he wouldn 't stop .
tr	I	The unremarkable door was six steps down from street level , and the Salt Sea Inn had small , grimy windows .
tr	I	He rises to his feet , his head reaching to the sky , and ' So be it , my lady , ' he says .
tr	I	She backed out of her space and the engine fired up with a muted roar .
tr	I	That 's all it was , but they had a six-month reprieve .
tr	I	They headed back toward the factory and Luke shrugged .
tr	O	Really , I do , but I have to ask why you 're being so accommodating on this .
tr	I	It didn 't much matter , but almost fifty yards separated us .
tr	O	Archer 's gaze dropped to my hand , and his head tilted to the side .
tr	O	The hiding place under the kitchen sink was still there , but four years ' growing had left him too big to fit .
tr	O	They climbed down and she untied the lines .
tr	O	Grace started another conversation , of course , but Reuben had long ago grown used to listening to their two separate conversations simultaneously .
tr	I	I followed , catching glimpses of more magnificent rooms as we continued down the main hall and Vlad strode by the garden .
tr	O	Tingling started up in my fingertips and I saw Avril 's eyelids flutter .
tr	I	It did not budge , but he pushed the door slightly .
tr	O	The reporter 's eyes sharpened , and he watched every move they made so closely that Maya felt as if she was under a microscope .
tr	O	I felt dizzy , and someone brought me a chair .
tr	O	The discussion is often heated , but I 'm not backing down .
tr	O	The morning had come , and she could hear birds twittering to each other .
tr	I	We switch seats , and Gage pulls over .
tr	O	She blinked fast , and he tried to read her reaction .
tr	O	He 's a booming baritone , and he 's got impressive lungs .
tr	I	He shifted over to his side , taking me with him , and the grip on my wrists loosened .
tr	O	There was a stir from the crowd , and several people hurried away .
tr	I	We 're cousins no matter what , but Tony may make me so angry that I want to beat some sense into him .
tr	I	Harold realized a problem ignored eventually returned home in spades , but it would be easy to just ignore this impending crisis .
tr	I	Please call me Martin , but my given name is William ; William Martin Trask .
tr	O	They 'd narrowed the search to this side of the river , but that was still a lot of ground to cover .
tr	I	We can move up to a second-class berth and perhaps I will sell a painting on the way to the wharf .
tr	O	I opened my mouth , but no words came out .
tr	O	Sharon would order her execution soon or she 'd escape .
tr	I	She looked towards the fire , and her mouth parted .
tr	O	Mari 's jaw dropped in a wide smile and she laughed .
tr	I	I think Lila might be one of those people , and a lot of people can 't handle being alone .
tr	I	He could hear them laugh as they jabbed him with the sharp points and many of them were held long spears in their bony hands .
tr	I	A report is due in a few weeks , and the study has just been completed .
tr	I	I took it , and he stuck his hand out .
tr	O	I mean I know it 's in the brochure but in real life , it is incredible .
tr	O	The lamp didn 't want to come with me , and it didn 't want to stay on my desk .
tr	I	She had no control , but she meant to wipe her eyes .
tr	O	I cannot tell you I know things but I can tell you I 'm not afraid .
tr	O	He keeps making that awful noise but the nurses soothe him .
tr	O	Whispers awoke me from my sleep and I tried to block them out .
tr	I	No brilliantly phrased words came out , and his mouth hung open .
tr	O	Her body heaved against his , soft mewling sobs , and her fingers trembled as they pressed into his shoulders .
tr	I	The ship 's lighting dimmed to simulate nighttime and she returned to sickbay when Evening Watch began .
tr	I	He didn 't dare say it , but no , he thought , looking at her face .
tr	I	He could feel his hands trembling and his heart was beating too fast .
tr	O	It was the size of a hippopotamus , and its wet yellow eyes glared at them with hatred .
tr	O	We didn 't linger long in the hangar , the first time I visited , and I 'm starting to see why .
tr	O	The girls weren 't frightened , but it was impossible not to be nervous .
tr	I	General y rather old , and vampires were scarce .
tr	O	She may not want to marry the Roly Burger heir but that didn 't change what God was whispering to her .
tr	I	For the second time tonight she felt foolish , and she stepped back , bumping into the wall .
tr	O	The lane wasn 't paved , and homes were becoming infrequent .
tr	O	They weren 't allowed to , and even if they had , I would never have understood it .
tr	O	He didn 't have much in the way of positive experience with blood relatives , but it was undoubtedly time to figure that out .
tr	I	Piercing blue eyes , and I shivered from the thought of his broad , muscular chest .
tr	O	She hoped to exhaust herself so she could sleep tonight , but it didn 't work .
tr	O	She grabbed Christine 's hand and the two girls ran out still in full stage regalia .
tr	O	I am a pretty good shot , but I have to admit that not all the pieces got through the door the first time .
tr	I	Jeff used the shot against him , landing a sidekick in on unprotected right , and Patrick tried an uppercut .
tr	O	She needed space and he would give it to her .
tr	O	Rose laughed and his heart turned over .
tr	O	Light steps were heard again , but this time the girl caught a glimpse of a yellow dress on the second floor .
tr	O	Summer moved her notebook and he took the desk .
tr	I	Cole grabbed it from me , but I was about to toss it .
tr	O	I turned back , realizing what he 'd done as my belly pushed up into my pipes and the world went off-kilter round my ears .
tr	I	Two thousand Warlords had died trying to recapture him , and it had taken a hundred years to find him .
tr	I	The next began and there was a small space between where one wall ended .
tr	I	Nothing could stop the pain that would follow and the wheels were turning .
tr	I	The wall clock ticked away , and lucius didn 't speak for several minutes .
tr	O	We 'd been together all this time and there had never been this kind of problem .
tr	I	It hurt so bad that my hips jerked back away from his a couple of times , but he eased himself in slowly .
tr	I	Everyone came by to introduce themselves , giving Chad a heaping dose of Rossi hospitality and we were seated at a corner table .
tr	I	He was breathing much faster , and nope , it was Colin .
tr	I	Lee happened to be here , and I simply came by to talk to Adrian .
tr	I	I received the tea , and she took my coat .
tr	O	A set of hands cupped my knees and the unexpected feel of rough palms on my skin sent shivers up my thighs .
tr	O	You will follow these and as they are asked you will indicate on the paper that they have been asked .
tr	I	His eager body responded and Deep , even breaths blew hot air over his exposed chest .
tr	I	His hair was black against the sand and his throat was pale in the moonlight .
tr	O	My transformation is still in progress , but this time I just might have it right .
tr	I	That could change with the right persuasion , but this one was a bit rigid for her tastes .
tr	O	She knew the others could hear her , but it was really a private promise .
tr	O	He was careful not to criticize the crown prince , but his words landed harshly on his own son , hardening him .
tr	I	Dad said that Peg ruled it , but Thomas may own the place .
tr	I	Her eyes itched and her feet throbbed .
tr	I	I could guess his deliberation , and he sized them both up .
tr	O	We gathered up our trash , and as we headed out , Stacey stopped me outside the cafeteria .
tr	O	It had no mounted gun , but it did have someone hanging from its side door with a machine gun .
tr	O	My mind wills my body to move , but my body is reluctant to cooperate .
tr	O	I heard my father say my name and my mother yelled something in the background .
tr	O	Bibliography This novel is entirely fictitious , but the underlying research programs are real .
tr	O	He didn 't even blink , but she 'd scored a hit .
tr	O	He 'll tell Sam and maybe that will save his life .
tr	I	Then I 'd come clean about everything , and I decided to do it in his apartment .
tr	I	He realized play time was over and that brought Daddy back on point .
tr	O	Its portal yielded to her shoulder 's pressure and she ducked into darkness , onto a clanging platform at the top of a spiraling stair .
tr	I	Now I 'm waiting , and I finished his errand .
tr	I	She wasn 't , but everyone else would treat her delicately .
tr	O	Phyllis seemed just as delighted and the two women exchanged hugs .
tr	O	Auron could not help but to stare at him .
tr	I	He was being worked on and we got up to the room .
tr	O	She might not be able to see what 's happening , but she 's going to feel it .
tr	O	There was a hiss in the phone , an angry sound , and then Silken spoke again .
tr	I	Until he crossed that boundary she had to feel her way , and he did not fully trust her yet .
tr	I	Her senses heightened and Hoff fell silent .
tr	O	Twice she rubbed her wrist , although he knew it was habit more than pain , but the gesture served as a reminder of her traumatic childhood .
tr	O	He was huge and she was tiny .
tr	I	Then he nodded curtly , and Apollo 's jaw tensed .
tr	O	I braced myself waiting for the bad news , but I smiled to encourage him to speak .
tr	I	Teller fought back the urge to intervene and Jessica redoubled her efforts .
tr	O	I don 't know how long you 'll be , but I thought I 'd remind you .
tr	O	He is changing and in him is the power of the light .
tr	O	I didn 't know the language ; but I understood the word .
tr	O	Time to pull out the big guns , or I should say my death ray gun .
tr	O	The going was rough at first , but as the lad 's desperation grew , so did his creativity .
tr	I	Lauren could surprise her by showing up and Sharon would be there tonight .
tr	O	It was a game we 'd played since high school called Five Fingers , but I wasn 't in the mood .
tr	I	She considered it , and I told her .
tr	O	She knew he was probably telling the truth , but there had been a time she hadn 't believed they kept secrets from each other .
tr	I	It didn 't skip much beats like how Blake does it but my heart beats twice fast .
tr	I	She sat beside him , and he gestured for her .
tr	I	They wondered how much he knew , and they were sure it was Fitch .
tr	I	He caught it , but his voice wavered .
tr	I	I know otherwise , but my eyes travel the expanse of his perfect face , studying him as he presses his lips together in seeming concentration .
tr	O	Jamie cut the connection before I could thank him and I changed my phone 's settings so that the battery would drain as quickly as possible .
tr	I	He liked him even less in death and he hadn 't liked Dante in life .
tr	O	Peddle 's copy lay unopened on his desk and Thomas 's was at the top of the pile of correspondence in his ' in ' tray .
tr	O	Her posture relaxed slightly , and she looked around warily .
tr	O	Just a normal mirror , I thought , but then the glass went dark .
tr	O	Lise was still holding her hand up , examining her nails and without even thinking I shot a quick glance towards her fingertips .
tr	O	It was here on Orcas that he first learned how to use a kayak , and little Anne Petrovic was his guide down the shoreline .
tr	I	People tend to overlook him , and he isn 't very tall .
tr	I	I tried because I knew it would make my dad happy but when I got there she was barely awake enough to talk .
tr	I	Grim would be wondering why he never got a call to come see the body and Charming would be waiting .
tr	I	Spending time with women who felt the same way avoided a lot of unnecessary hassle , and he didn 't do commitment .
tr	I	The more I told him , the quieter he became , but in the beginning he asked questions .
tr	I	For half a heartbeat , Dunk feared the boy might talk back , and Egg flushed .
tr	O	Suddenly the food turned to ash in his mouth , and his appetite left him .
tr	O	He had her breathing heavily and her mind a complete blank .
tr	O	Stars were becoming visible as Summer zipped one jar into her backpack and Trevor tucked the other into his .
tr	O	A raid on Salamis will enrage him , but it need not spur him to action .
tr	O	As she passed the new English gaffer she kept her head down and her eyes averted hoping thus to make herself as inconspicuous as possible .
tr	O	Cheyenne hadn 't noticed before , but there seemed to be bags under Maggie 's eyes .
tr	O	He moved into defensive position , and Celaena looked at him dully .
tr	I	Liz felt sad and it was Thursday of the second week .
tr	O	I know we talk about this place like a prison , but that 's what it 's like for us .
tr	O	Tam started to say something , but Rollie interrupted .
tr	I	They nudged through a small crowd to gain seats near the window , and Garrett gestured to the right , claiming it had the better view .
tr	O	She crushed her lips into mine with the same severity as before , but this time I resisted .
tr	I	A demon wasn 't , but it was complete bullshit that a vampire was allowed inside .
tr	I	The playboy here covered his emotions with charm , and the colonel couched everything with curt professionalism .
tr	I	Winston was glad to be terminating the relationship , but they 'd been his benefactors .
tr	O	Dimples appeared on each cheek and Pierre was mesmerized , lost .
tr	I	Tonight it felt more like a threat , but normally it would have been a sweet gesture .
tr	I	It wasn 't in sympathy for Nan , but my chest hurt .
tr	O	The hem of his jeans seemed to be irritating him , but I knew it was the direction of our conversation .
tr	I	Hank led her daughter into the great room , then out the front door and the two of them stood .
tr	I	He pursed his lips together and thick muscles worked in back .
tr	O	I did not anticipate any opposition , or you would have been better equipped .
tr	I	That was it , and Fed and watered .
tr	O	The air-conditioning had been out for two days and the weather had turned unseasonably warm for October .
tr	O	The fucker 's shoulders were wide and he looked to be fairly solid .
tr	I	He met Isaac 's glare a bit more hesitantly than before , and his eyes widened when he realized he had yelled at his ruler .
tr	O	The gate opened and I drove off .
tr	O	He understood too well , and it tore at him .
tr	O	Her lips parted and her eyes widened .
tr	I	Several people glanced in our direction , and Evan jerked his thumb at Archer .
tr	O	Kate glanced over her shoulder , raising an eyebrow , but Hanna waved her on .
tr	O	I flipped through the other cameras but everything looks completely normal .
tr	O	I 'd slid out of Jackson 's bed , and he 'd slid a knife in my back .
tr	I	Then he stopped altogether , but Duncan laughed as he waved a hand through the soot .
tr	O	He stared back at her , his emotions unreadable , but in his eyes she could see a conflict raging .
tr	I	Munson begins narrating what 's happening and he gives Munson a Bluetooth headset .
tr	O	She would have been upset when she realized she couldn 't find it and he seemed to like to upset her .
tr	I	The temperature was starting to drop into a comfortable range and the sun was going down now .
tr	I	It hadn 't been a disaster and I had sex with a man .
tr	I	He didn 't want to lose her , either , but he didn 't want to commit to a relationship .
tr	O	His mouth crashed down on hers and it was wonderful .
tr	I	Words refused to form , but Emma opened her mouth to reply .
tr	I	When he turned around , the light from the bathroom shone on his face , and he had his back to her .
tr	O	I wanted to ask who he was , but a part of me didn 't really care .
tr	O	Her eyes remained closed , and she swayed toward him .
tr	I	It was never good enough , but I had an hourglass figure .
tr	O	We rode along side him , and he reigned in his horse .
tr	I	They 're afraid of being seen , but I really don 't know why .
tr	I	I learned that he 'd acted in that capacity for Merrill for a long time before becoming an Enforcer , and Brock was waiting to drive us .
tr	O	A weak response sounded from the bottom of the canyon , and he froze .
tr	O	As she approached , however , she noticed something about him and her steps faltered .
tr	O	He was always saying things like that , and his drinks weren 't that good .
tr	O	Ari was thrilled at the idea of a royal palace wedding , and the two girls laughed as they reconnected .
tr	I	When he realized who it was , his eyes widened , and Braeden seemed to just notice her .
tr	O	If he saw her weakening , he would push and she didn 't trust herself to hold strong .
tr	I	Rocks me and mom pulls me into her arms .
tr	I	He was shaking slightly and his skin felt hot .
tr	I	My stomach churns with nausea , and my neck flushes with heat .
tr	O	I didn 't want to admit it but it made me feel good to know that he got jealous if I talked to another man .
tr	O	She heard the footsteps following behind her , but she did not stop .
tr	I	I could deny the unspoken but I couldn 't deny it .
tr	O	He was holding a gun and I shivered .
tr	I	They started walking and he put his arm around Emma 's shoulders .
tr	I	It did not look good but he did not know what to make of the reaction .
tr	O	He tries to raise his hand to my face but it falls limply at his side .
tr	I	She clenched her teeth against it and Case offered her water .
tr	I	Its wingspan is impressive and it ´ s huge .
tr	I	They found themselves in front of a planetary model with all the currents charted out and the large glazed hall disappeared .
tr	O	I joined her at the bush and we started eating some berries .
tr	I	I won 't be so careless again , and I gave my report to the police .
tr	I	The girl accepted it , but the apology sounded empty .
tr	I	He couldn 't kiss me enough and like his life would end at any moment .
tr	O	My head was still spinning from what Marshall had just done and I couldn 't even think straight .
tr	O	My father had warned me that grad school would be hard , but I didn 't imagine it would be like this .
tr	I	Maybe that was because I was now leaving it , but it didn 't look so scary anymore .
tr	O	he asked and the strumming ceased .
tr	I	Other people , other young girls , are at risk , and if a mistake has been made , someone out there is getting away with murder .
tr	O	It didn 't matter that my heart was beating in my stomach and all my senses were in high alert .
tr	O	Their hearts were racing , as the door clicked shut and they heard the sound of the oxygen being quickly sucked out of the room .
tr	I	Owen slid me down the wall , and we both shuddered out our release .
tr	O	The ground below him was descending , but he was not .
tr	O	She wanted to tell them what was going on , but at the same time , she wanted to keep her secret .
tr	I	I paused to look behind me , and she screamed .
tr	O	He had pledged it to her , but it was tearing him up .
tr	O	The Academic Achievement of the Year was last , and Jerome took a long time winding up to it .
tr	I	Somehow she couldn 't summon the will to do so , but the next day , Elena awoke fully intending to leave the castle .
tr	I	I realized that I had just made a truly horrible mistake , and she was grinning .
tr	I	He could still carry it , but the sword would not obey him , even if he had decided to use it .
tr	O	Miss Kluger climbed up next to me , and I was intrigued by the fact that she meant to drive it herself .
tr	O	The driver 's door opened and the interior lights came on .
tr	O	I was an ass and I chased you away .
tr	O	He cupped her cheek , and she sank against him .
tr	O	The sea battered one side , and the island spread out before it on the other .
tr	I	She was so grateful , but Baby steps .
tr	I	That was our final stop of the day , and Mdina is also home to St. Paul 's Catacombs .
tr	I	I gave her a wry smile and she searched me for a sign of some lie to my words .
tr	O	She paused and I dangled .
tr	I	That alone was something and I had achieved something .
tr	I	His brows drew together , thinking furiously about the past few weeks and his fists clenched .
tr	O	Hope sparked , but I didn 't whip out the champagne .
tr	I	She covered her mouth to stifle a scream when he tried to peer in her window , and he stepped onto the porch .
tr	I	He 'd never said anything about the castle belonging to the Keepers , but Alex had mentioned that the lake was the entrance to The Underworld .
tr	I	I was her knight in shining armor and she pretended she was a lady in distress .
tr	I	This time , Mutt can 't keep his hold , and Corr rears again .
tr	I	It felt wrong to see it , and it was an unguarded look .
tr	I	He melted at the mention of his mate , but Victor might be a fierce clan chief who enforced his laws with a brutal strength .
tr	I	Then with a loud grunt hauled them into the trunk of the car , and he reached for my bags , missed twice .
tr	I	We walked out together towards her car and Nellie got up .
tr	O	His heart was racing , and adrenaline sang through him just like it always had when explosives had been involved back in his Recon days .
tr	I	She cuts him off but he opens his mouth to say something .
tr	O	He had the red hair , but that was where the similarities ended .
tr	O	She drives an old yellow car , and she drives it fast .
tr	I	He 'd show her how to satiate both their needs , and she could tease the hell out of him any time .
tr	O	I get the sense she 's more of a bird and I 'm a cute woodland creature with a furry tail .
tr	I	The shuttle should have been on their radar and ten minutes passed .
tr	O	The moment can 't last forever though , and eventually Daddy sighs .
tr	I	Her concern matched his , but Alisha had agreed with the plan because it was the most logical .
tr	O	I can 't tell if he 's drunk , because I don 't know him well enough , but he seems a little off balance .
tr	I	That person no longer existed , but I had been Ezra Faulkner , golden boy .
tr	I	Suddenly I 'm feeling rather kidnapped even if I did voluntarily drive myself here , and he lends me a hand as we hop inside .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure that gave me a sense of ease , but knowing that Jason would be by my side did .
tr	O	Her dad was reading the local paper and Mark was texting on his cell phone .
tr	O	The engine squealed to life and she pulled out onto the street .
tr	O	I 'd been itching to try it , and when the flyer came in the mail , it seemed like somebody up there liked me after all .
tr	I	Only the family knew the truth , but I 'd already signed over parental rights giving him the opportunity to be their father .
tr	I	Most of his are hidden by his clothing , but my dad is covered in tattoos , too .
tr	O	His hand reached out and he touched a lock of my hair .
tr	O	There was something funny going on with her but I couldn 't work out what it was .
tr	O	His eyes widened and he smiled back .
tr	O	I knew I sounded like a whiny child , and Wes had probably gone to a lot of trouble to use the little chapel at the hospital .
tr	O	A flash of light came and the Wise Ones gathered in a tighter knot .
tr	O	The house had a musty , almost moldy odor , but I could still smell the scent of my dad on his pillow .
tr	I	I was more disappointed ; but I was angry , sure .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure where the shots were coming from , but Sage was certain that at least two gunmen were firing .
tr	I	His look showed that he was afraid , and the captain looked at the first officer .
tr	O	All of the art is still inside the truck , and it doesn 't look like anything 's been stolen .
tr	I	She felt a rush of panic and leaves rustled nearby .
tr	I	The wind picked up a little now and the warmth of the sun felt great .
tr	I	He was eager to see her bright , cheerful smile again , but he probably should let her sleep a bit longer .
tr	I	I don 't care at this moment in time , but it 's not even single malt .
tr	O	Noah 's hands were shaking , though he tried to smile , and he actually seemed on the verge of tears .
tr	O	I want to think about my day , try to put together the pieces of what happened , but I can 't keep my eyes open .
tr	I	He hadn 't seen Reginald enter and the door had been propped open .
tr	I	I shift it so it is more comfortable and the gun is heavy across my chest .
tr	I	He felt a terrible stab of fear and James 's blood ran cold .
tr	O	The man glanced over his shoulder at Carly again and she nodded .
tr	O	Earlier I told the maids to put the cloth on the formal dining table , and they reported it is gone .
tr	O	Someone wanted a bunch of contracts destroyed and they wanted me to do it .
tr	O	She held out her hand , and I dropped the head .
tr	O	Buck also thought the landscape tended toward the grotesque , but that pleased his contorted aesthetic , sensibilities .
tr	O	I stared at it , numb , knowing I needed to put it on but unable to command my body to move .
tr	O	The door to the circle room opened with a loud groan and I glanced over , half expecting to see Rourke barging in .
tr	I	We needed our papers , but I didn 't know .
tr	I	We sat at the kitchen table and he took my hand .
tr	I	Looking back on it , it was very significant , but it may have seemed ordinary at the time .
tr	I	She couldn 't stop him , and both her arms were occupied .
tr	O	Most of the bodies are in shrouds , but some untended corpses lie around the periphery .
tr	O	Kell 's covered his tracks quite well , but the less the authorities hear , the better , eh ?
tr	I	Every moment had stuck with him , but the woman had been a brief light in his life .
tr	I	The dream faded , and the volcano disappeared .
tr	O	Then he seemed to take in Sean 's white face for the first time , and he visibly braced his shoulders .
tr	O	The man stared up at him and his eyes widened .
tr	I	A summer full of adventure was awaiting , and I breathed easier knowing that all the hard work was behind me .
tr	I	Her eyes moved between mine with a touch of approaching interest , but her expression was unchanged , still inflexible .
tr	O	It may have been my imagination , but the sky seemed darker the longer we walked .
tr	I	Chill bumps were predominant on her skin and she shivered .
tr	I	That thought was soon lost to lust , but Stan felt a little sorry for them .
tr	I	This is about justice , but well , I do love Andie .
tr	O	I hate having to resort to such things , but I 'm not going to sit the whole hour with them bullying me .
tr	O	My irritation flickered and I glared at him .
tr	I	He was mentally ill to some extent , and people called him Ravi .
tr	I	I 'm just going to have to hope for the best but I have no idea what the hell is below me .
tr	I	Rachel glanced up , and the computer beeped .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to give him the satisfaction of seeing any tears , but the chalk dust made her eyes water .
tr	I	Aggrieved outlaws would strike back from their forest dens , and polonius had pointed out to Ambrose that even peaceful farmers could be pushed too far .
tr	O	It wasn 't a high-class place , but it wasn 't a cockroach barn either .
tr	O	It had been years since he 'd seen her , and even then she 'd inevitably been with Jessica , who always stole his attention .
tr	O	Danika 's eyes widened , and her mouth fell open .
tr	I	She loved every second , and he knew the power of their attraction , understood how to heighten the anticipation .
tr	O	Guilt coiled heavily in her chest , and she stared down at her hands .
tr	O	All her employees were technically part time , but Kevin had assumed the unofficial role of assistant manager .
tr	O	I pulled two plates from the cupboard , and I poured some freshly squeezed orange juice .
tr	I	He knew I didn 't really want to hear it , but I could tell he wanted to say something in defense of the new justice center .
tr	O	I took the next right , and after a few blocks we were lost .
tr	I	Anyone else not blood - related ... and Patricia Thurman was in there somewhere .
tr	I	Now all she saw was a scrutinizing intensity and the glint from the day before had disappeared .
tr	I	He 'd used the information wisely , and an early developer , she 'd been mortified by his discovery .
tr	O	She informed us that she had purchased the Château a little more than a year ago , and the work continues through today .
tr	O	These memories were destroying him , and she wasn 't sure that she wanted to know what cruelty his father had bestowed upon him .
tr	I	The living room light switches on and the sun sets behind the house .
tr	I	The shock of still being alive hadn 't faded , but Rory 's world began to make sense again .
tr	O	Maria spread her legs and I cut my skin .
tr	I	I wasn 't planned and what happened with Chad .
tr	I	It seemed to work , but he had no idea what word he used .
tr	O	Edwina turned to him with a bright smile on her face and he instantly knew she was intoxicated .
tr	I	I knew it and I was too drunk to drive right then .
tr	I	Her fingers locked with his , and she came to him with soft steps .
tr	O	Zane looked surprised and I laughed .
tr	O	He found nothing that alarmed him , but Shea 's mind held real fear .
tr	O	Blue sparks glittered at the tips of his long fingers , and there was suddenly a sharp smell in the air , like burning .
tr	O	She was grateful for everyone 's concern , but she wished they 'd all go home .
tr	O	He offered her the bottle , and she shook her head .
tr	O	A cry startles all of us , and a woman runs toward us .
tr	O	I knew he was a sports agent , but I didn 't know he had clients like this .
tr	O	It gave a high pitch cry and it shattered into golden dust in the rain .
tr	O	He exhaled hard , and though she could see this was difficult for him , she needed more than a surface explanation .
tr	I	I 'm growing very tired of life and I 've lived several hundred years already .
tr	I	He couldn 't believe it and we had a Yank on board !
tr	O	I asked and he blinked .
tr	O	He 'd wait two days , and then he 'd call her .
tr	O	Lucky looked at me with a worried expression and my heart went out to her .
tr	I	The stuff I did get was pretty interesting , but I didn 't understand all of it .
tr	O	We enjoyed hunting small game with our rifles , and we spent plenty of time exploring the countryside on our bicycles .
tr	O	She winced , and her eyes teared up .
tr	O	For the first time today I had finally felt happy and she ruined it .
tr	I	She moved back into her own seat , rubbing at her wrist and I let go .
tr	I	Fidget had definitely seen it , and those that had seen it never needed a repeat performance .
tr	O	Two strong jolts forced both doors open , and both men descended .
tr	I	Carly 's pain would be a distant memory and Mike sighed , reminding himself that he 'd be back touring the world in no time .
tr	O	It took three separate moves , but I got where I wanted to be .
tr	O	The McGill 's ship was off to the right , but the ferry was moving too fast .
tr	O	Helen 's voice rose with her alarm , and her husband winced .
tr	I	She still hadn 't made an appearance this morning , but the cup belonged to their fourth housemate , Eve .
tr	O	Ainsley rubbed under the horse 's mane , and Jasmine half closed her eyes in enjoyment .
tr	O	She was the only thing he could see , but he didn 't want to see her like this .
tr	I	Then it would move again , and his skin grew around the blade .
tr	O	It was a tortured cry , but almost instantly afterward Gabriel stilled .
tr	O	I 'd seen Emerson 's body on the news , but that wasn 't enough .
tr	O	His hands find her hair and he just holds her gently .
tr	I	The icy need to kill the one holding her and felt his pulse kick with fear of harming her .
tr	O	If he is sensible , he will want a winter night for crossing the Channel , and the days are already growing longer .
tr	I	Nothing else had changed , but he had gained weight .
tr	I	I wonder how much she could care about this , but anyway I wrote down my sorrow , which my mother advice me to do ?
tr	O	Howie was laughing into his coffee cup , but Ralph was not stopping .
tr	I	His face was serious , but he smiled a little .
tr	O	he said , and I shrugged .
tr	O	She loves to cook and maybe it 's time to bring her dishes to the people .
tr	I	He let me control the beat and I built a steady rhythm .
tr	O	Trolleys slammed into it like asteroids accreting around the core of a new planet , but a few arrivals did something else .
tr	O	He had a pair of tens and Charlie had a pair of Queens .
tr	I	She 'd faced that reality , and he did have to leave .
tr	I	The legs squeaked across the kitchen tile , and he pushed his chair back .
tr	I	He followed the glow of the lamp like a lifeline as they climbed into a dense pine wood and the men were already moving on .
tr	O	Ali understood each word individually , but together they made no sense .
tr	I	I could tell she was thinking about what to say and Savanna stared at me .
tr	I	She would probably tell me so , and it was none of my business .
tr	I	The sensations didn 't stop there , but I gasped in surprise .
tr	O	The darkness was still thick in the sky , but I needed comfort .
tr	I	Gustav was sent somewhere else , and the transport had a problem .
tr	I	I had a lot more responsibility , but I worked for a much smaller company in D.C. .
tr	I	He quickly saw the trajectory of the lamp , and his thoughts sped up .
tr	I	He didn 't , but for some reason , I expected him to smile .
tr	I	It started to worry me a bit , and I wasn 't sure why she was asking me that .
tr	O	Someone gave me a big red balloon , and for some reason it was my most favorite present that I had ever gotten from anyone .
tr	O	Yes , he was aware of her in a base sexual sense , but something else hit him too .
tr	O	She pushed against his chest , but even she had to admit it was a very halfhearted effort .
tr	O	Someone from the other side of the room whispered something I couldn 't make out , but Cody busted into laughter .
tr	I	There was no going back and they 'd passed that line .
tr	O	Not that there was any threat from the dead , but he didn 't want to retch .
tr	O	There had been a tiny part of her that had hoped it was a random coincidence , but now she knew it wasn 't .
tr	I	I heard myself laugh -- anything to kill the panic and Carter screamed .
tr	I	Apparently this wasn 't a popular off-ramp , but Traffic wasn 't completely absent on the highway .
tr	O	The porch light was on and they looked at each other .
tr	O	The sun is behind one of the taller buildings now , and shadows are stretching long across the main dirt thoroughfare .
tr	I	I was sure glad to see her , and Holding onto me was Suzanne .
tr	O	Monitors exploded and people were thrown in all directions as their bodies were torn apart .
tr	O	He didn 't know and he didn 't care .
tr	O	The closer I got to the source of the signal , the faster the light would flash and the faster the sound would beep .
tr	O	We had to jump start it , and it appears that she will make it .
tr	I	For a moment it seems that we 're totally in the clear , and Emerson steers the Chevy out of the school parking lot .
tr	O	Light bothers my eyes if I 'm just waking up and I 've always assumed there must be some cat genes in my make-up .
tr	O	He nodded , and his long black hair fell over his face .
tr	O	They would lock the building down and we 'd be trapped like rats .
tr	I	Her mind was all too often drawn to her impending visit to Zeus ' ' house ' , but she paid attention as much as she could .
tr	I	He pointed to the open door , and I furrowed my brows at him .
tr	I	His proud friend must have had a hard time of it and the pain of them was excruciating .
tr	O	I hadn 't even noticed that students had started to file out and now it was half empty .
tr	O	My arms felt like lead and my feet were beginning to ache .
tr	I	He didn 't resume , but Rebecca waited .
tr	O	I wanted to believe him so badly , but I couldn 't see how he could take care of anything .
tr	O	Agnes raised her hand again , but this time Paul grabbed her wrist .
tr	O	I stare at her , trying to figure it out , but everything about her is closed down right now .
tr	O	The drapes were closed and the double bed was poorly made .
tr	O	They 're probably dead and it 's all my fault .
tr	I	She smiled at him , and Grace 's shoulders went soft .
tr	I	They pulled out a photo album , and I asked about the 1990 heist .
tr	O	Franz , slightly alarmed , stepped back into the hallway , but he could still see inside the bedroom .
tr	O	Antonia saw the change in his eyes and she backed away from him , more frightened of the desire than of the anger of a moment before .
tr	I	Soon he wouldn 't have any skin left to exfoliate or Jonah really needed to cut back on the Air elemental facials .
tr	O	She would be in the way , and worrying about her would drive him crazy .
tr	O	Yes , I had been looking for him and I was slightly embarrassed that I didn 't even know it was him when I saw him .
tr	I	The whole frame was trembling from the heavy bass in the basement , but Al the windows were black , as if the place were empty .
tr	I	Once again curiosity got the better of me , but I knew I should stop questioning Eirik .
tr	O	He saw no signs of danger , but something was definitely wrong .
tr	I	It should be handled qualified and it was professional , intentional .
tr	I	It was also necessary , but the question was pointed .
tr	O	Louisa didn 't know how long they 'd been in the vault , but she tried the escape latch , with no success .
tr	I	It is wreaking havoc on airplanes and the ash has carried in the air .
tr	O	I lifted my hips again , pushing him in more , and Jackson lost it .
tr	O	Abby was a ballerina and she loved to dance .
tr	I	She nodded and her friend asked .
tr	O	Once seated , the conversation resumed , followed by guilty glances , and the occasional head turn .
tr	O	Percival said goodnight to Violet , but she gave him a big hug instead .
tr	O	He could clamp her too strong and he even wouldn 't notice it .
tr	O	Her legs tired , but she kept running .
tr	I	He yanked me against him , and I opened my mouth to ask ... something .
tr	I	I dared to give Adrian 's hand a small squeeze , and the clerk was typing away on a computer .
tr	I	It was nearly completely closed , and the bullet was already out of my shoulder .
tr	I	She wanted him to come back soon , but she barely admitted it to herself .
tr	O	She lit the cigarette and she began to cry .
tr	I	My sweatpants are being worn for the fourth evening in a row and I know my hair is being held up with a pencil .
tr	O	Maybe it 's the opposite and Lauren doesn 't even know about it .
tr	I	I let out an awestruck gasp and my hand fluttered to my mouth .
tr	I	Him feeling her seemed to be a big deal to him , but she wasn 't sure exactly what he was trying to say .
tr	I	We sit and Lexie leads me to a table .
tr	I	He wasn 't dead , but his eyes were glassy .
tr	O	She giggled against his neck and he shivered , hugging her close .
tr	I	It isn 't that bad , but Arcane can be very annoying .
tr	O	My head sagged back on the headrest and I lifted my face to the ceiling .
tr	I	That was the way he liked it , but people feared him .
tr	O	I didn 't have any particular memories telling me that , but the feeling in my gut left no room for questions .
tr	O	I loved him so much I wanted to squeeze him but my arms weren 't strong enough .
tr	O	I can help you and I get to ride .
tr	O	I know you don 't believe that , and that isn 't a concern of mine .
tr	O	Once the oats were gone , Ainsley made to leave the stall , but Jasmine suddenly swung her hindquarters around , blocking the way out .
tr	O	She caught his look and they laughed .
tr	O	There was a big hole in the side of the cabin and the door was crumbled into pieces in front of the entrance .
tr	I	I knew that the inside of the cabin would be warm , and my body had practically gone numb from the cold .
tr	O	He sounded as stunned as she felt at this sudden turn of events , and his voice held a husky , low timbre that resembled rough whiskey .
tr	I	It would dramatically improve our odds if they were here , but I wasn 't sure if I wanted his family anywhere near this madman .
tr	O	That wasn 't much protection , but it was something .
tr	O	My stepmother is white , and she has blue eyes .
tr	O	I looked up into his eyes , a deep ocean of aqua blue , gazing at mine intensely and I had to remind myself to breathe .
tr	O	We are almost to our next point , and I need you to be ready to leave immediately .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure where to look and the room was silent for a few minutes as we stood there .
tr	I	I slowed too , eventually bringing my horse to a halt , and it snapped me from my haze .
tr	O	Her eyes looked at the graph and she nodded as the signal 's strength remained high .
tr	I	I 'd really been trying to wash him from my memories , but I 'd told myself I was looking for someone else .
tr	I	His limbs felt strange , but he automatically got up to fill a glass of cold water for her .
tr	O	Sleeping again sounded like an excellent idea now that I wasn 't in excruciating pain , and I dozed off within ten minutes .
tr	O	I dreamed of it nearly every night but I never dared mention it to him .
tr	I	They headed back toward the house and Jason put his arm around her .
tr	O	They 've been pissed at me before , but this is in a totally different league .
tr	O	He had a point , and I assumed everyone else heard it as they streamed into the kitchen .
tr	I	He carried it well , but he was a big man .
tr	O	The water was warm , but I didn 't care .
tr	O	There were still fragments of glass left on the window frame , but I would have to do it .
tr	O	I reached out , but the berries were out of reach .
tr	O	A neatly trimmed set of whiskers would suit you , and a pair of spectacles is always a good idea .
tr	I	She was a primate biologist , but Mae was a good biologist .
tr	I	Once his blood started flowing again , he felt a deep sense of dread , but at first Bob felt numb .
tr	O	I am writing this on the day I signed guardianship papers and we are expecting twins .
tr	I	I was able to lock the sound part of the house away from the burned part , and he had it installed within fifteen minutes .
tr	I	It went off and that I was fighting for the gun .
tr	I	He had the most intense eyes she 'd ever , and he had a strong jaw , a prominent brow .
tr	I	The kiss deepened until the whole room was spinning , and the heat of him , the taste of him overwhelmed me .
tr	I	Holly didn 't need Margie to support the lie , but Margie wouldn 't know what he was talking about once he got there , of course .
tr	I	Suddenly my back is against one of his office walls and whirling around , Ethan takes a few steps to the right .
tr	I	She keeps her eyes trained neatly on the whiteboard , but there 's no way she doesn 't see me .
tr	O	Nothing had been a lie , but perhaps she 'd gushed a bit too much about Jack .
tr	O	I glanced at Avril and she nodded once .
tr	O	I 'm not one to run from a test , but I had to get out of there !
tr	I	The movie had released a week ago and the book Anja had become a phenomenal success .
tr	O	Their fur burst into flames , and they screamed , leaping back into their own numbers .
tr	O	He hadn 't even begun to relax , but she knew he must be thoroughly exhausted .
tr	I	She narrowed her eyes at it and the volcano glowed in the distance .
tr	O	It was vaguely pathetic , and I wasn 't pathetic .
tr	I	No sound came out , but Julie tried to scream .
tr	I	It 's too wide without his body beside me , but I sit on the rock where Cressida filmed us .
tr	I	I straighten , ready to stretch my legs , and he clicks on his blinker for the exit .
tr	I	Neither was it dilapidated , but it wasn 't a remarkable place in any manner .
tr	O	Her voice broke and she couldn 't say any more .
tr	O	I leaned out me and I was happy to see a fleeting metallic shine , sign that the object was still to its place .
tr	O	I saw the dust trail from the bus , but there was no way I was going to catch it .
tr	I	She didn 't care who knew it , and Cassidy wanted him .
tr	I	Whatever they were discussing was not pleasant , and she was at a table with a well-dressed young man .
tr	I	The Council chased him with bloodhounds , but taking both of the keys , he tried to escape the town .
tr	I	I knew very little about her and my real mom was out of the picture completely .
tr	I	I reached inside to get my purse , which held a change of clothes and Bill clicked his car open .
tr	O	He could definitely hear Joe 's footfalls now and they sounded as though they were getting closer .
tr	O	All she had to do was close her eyes and she was right there with Julie , feeling her helplessness .
tr	O	It made me a little edgy , and I don 't know why .
tr	I	He lifted his head to watch her face and his tongue swathed her wound .
tr	I	The golden flames suddenly wrapped around Baal , and Alyosha roared again .
tr	O	Being in a room full of strangers had never bothered her , yet tonight she wished she owned an invisibility cloak .
tr	O	I wanted to mark her , but I knew I probably shouldn 't do that in public .
tr	O	I slid it through the wall this time , and it WENT THROUGH !
tr	I	It would not open , but Paul tried the gate .
tr	I	There was no darkness for sale , but she paged through the biggest catalogues .
tr	O	His mind might be in turmoil , but yes , he could smile .
tr	O	His muscled body let out a gush of air and he hit the ground with a thud .
tr	O	Roberto 's cabin was not bigger than hers and there would be no room for her things .
tr	O	He didn 't recognize her , but she was obviously Ashley 's friend .
tr	I	I prayed to God that Ian didn 't invite his father , and I was nervous about this party .
tr	I	Her gaze was towards the skies and she seemed to be unconcerned about the whole thing , definitely not as volatile as before .
tr	I	I hadn 't listened and Blake had warned me .
tr	O	I 'm going to get a degree in counseling and I 'm going to help other women who 've been through what I 've been through .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but his voice was still odd .
tr	I	He kept me upright , but unbalanced , I tottered .
tr	O	He 'd said she was a sister of a friend and there was never anything romantic between them .
tr	I	Though Mike was feeling better about his legal prospects , his relief was offset by Sides 's warning , and sides was obviously a smart guy .
tr	I	The ghouls eyed each other , and something howled , off in the desert to their left .
tr	I	I don 't have a lot of homework left to do and classes are coming to an end .
tr	O	I would 've let him in without a bribe , but he said he didn 't want the glove anymore .
tr	I	She did , his pleasure a trigger for her own , but he didn 't expect her to come again so quickly .
tr	I	I pulled up a chair from a neighboring table , and Hugh scooted to make room for me .
tr	O	She wasn 't that kind of girl and Nikolai wasn 't that kind of man .
tr	I	The coded locks were specified in the agreement , and it seemed like a good deal at the time .
tr	O	The floor hits me hard and I roll onto my side .
tr	O	Kevin wasn 't going to ask anything back , but he couldn 't forbid her to talk .
tr	O	That 's probably not exactly what she said , but it 's close enough to what she was thinking .
tr	O	You have been weighed , found wanting and I bring judgment on you .
tr	O	She still hadn 't materialized , but her chill filled the room .
tr	I	All that was left was the color of his eyes staring back at me and Ryder 's face began to disappear .
tr	I	His lips crooked up , and she sputtered in outrage .
tr	O	They seemed to find my presence quite reasonable but they must have seen far worse in the black market .
tr	I	The limousine pulled up outside his headquarters building , but she was already shaking her head in denial .
tr	O	I tried to answer , but I was blubbering .
tr	O	If they haven 't adhered to those contracts , I want to know and I want their butts in these seats as quickly as possible .
tr	O	He was grinning in the picture and he was very young .
tr	O	It could be twenty dragons , but I leave that detail out .
tr	O	That very first day , I wanted to kill him , and Shane wanted me to have him .
tr	O	I nodded , and he left .
tr	O	She still owns the home , and taxes are current .
tr	I	It thrilled him , but he should have found it horrible .
tr	I	I put my hand to my mouth as I realized why and there was something familiar about the steady , rhythmic sound .
tr	I	I was actually pretty scared and the alcohol was wearing off .
tr	O	The big square sail flew above her head and men scrambled all over the boat as they maneuvered the rigging , tacking their way towards Ireland .
tr	O	As subtle as the accusation was , it worked , and the rest of the alphas fixed their weighty stares on Shay .
tr	O	Her heart beat faster and her breaths turned shallow .
tr	O	I knew what was about to happen , but it still took me by surprise .
tr	O	They both attempted to shield their faces with their arms , but there wasn 't enough time to successfully complete that task .
tr	I	I knew what he expected , and he knew what I needed .
tr	O	Much more movement than that , and I become visible .
tr	I	She says it 's rare but she wants what Blaire has .
tr	I	They heard the thumping bass of an extremely loud music system that pumped out Cuban salsa , and they approached a nightclub .
tr	I	The pain returned , worse than before , and just as the unspeakable pain was beginning to subside , he felt the teeth digging into his thigh .
tr	I	They build good schools and they make good money .
tr	I	Dean was close enough that I had to look over his shoulder to see her , but he didn 't make that same mistake .
tr	O	I 'm tempted to ask him about the lawsuit , but I don 't .
tr	O	My eyes flew open and I looked around frantically .
tr	I	The springs announce my movement , and I climb out of bed .
tr	O	I tried not to let his words bother me and I continued .
tr	O	As he looked up , he saw a tall figure glaring down at him and his grin widened .
tr	I	Rachel did not want Kara to share in her hurt but Kara 's heart hurt for her .
tr	I	Julia sat down at the table and I went into the kitchen .
tr	I	I could still pick them apart , but her words were bunched together .
tr	O	I couldn 't believe I was actually starting to consider it , but the things she told me about her dad got me interested .
tr	I	Todd received the worse end of it , and he was working off some serious aggression .
tr	I	I was already strung so tight that even alcohol wouldn 't bring me down and I was less than half a day in .
tr	I	In fact her head hurt only a little , and her bruises felt better .
tr	I	I took it without thinking and he held out his hand .
tr	O	Rafe scowled at her and she just shrugged .
tr	O	His hips were pressing against hers , and she could feel the light sting of his teeth on her neck .
tr	I	Driver dude didn 't need to know that , but right before I rammed my knife into his heart .
tr	O	Her mascara was a little smeared , but Claire supposed that was all part of the Goth thing , anyway .
tr	O	He screamed with ravenous bloodlust , yet no sound could be heard .
tr	O	His nose was more human than troll , but his ears made up for it .
tr	I	I felt a fluttering between my thighs , and he brought the glass to his lips .
tr	O	Sweeping up from the past and down from the years yet to come .
tr	O	The emotions from her heart took over and she sang back .
tr	O	Maryellen met him at the top of the staircase and he threw his arms around her waist .
tr	O	Seconds passed , and they seemed an eternity .
tr	O	He bent to pick it up but a dog snatched it from him .
tr	O	Parker poured Cleo 's full glass of wine down the sink , and she laughed even harder , like he was miming it .
tr	O	My head began to whirl , and I could feel my excitement building .
tr	I	Brandon groaned from the back and he swerved the Humvee sharply .
tr	I	At least Billy figured he did , or Rod blushed .
tr	O	There was the scratch of a match , and a lamp was lit .
tr	I	The hatred I had for him a moment ago trickled away , taking the anger with it , and I looked up into his loving eyes .
tr	I	He gestured toward me , and zeus cleared his throat .
tr	I	She wore very serious glasses , and she had a haircut that made the top of her head look like the top of a battery .
tr	O	Lucien 's mouth disconnected from mine and I found I was on tiptoes .
tr	I	Nothing will change and it has been this way for two hundred years .
tr	I	Surprisingly Kristen didn 't ask and Cody didn 't embellish .
tr	I	I 'm going to do everything in my power to uncover it and there is a hidden connection between us .
tr	I	She couldn 't ignore the shock on his face and Jackson didn 't leap backward by himself .
tr	I	I heard the hiss of the shower before I glanced down at his younger brother and I waited until Aiden closed the door .
tr	O	She freezes and her breaths fall a little quicker .
tr	O	What goes on between my daughter and me is none of your business .
tr	I	Eyes pointed upward and a young woman stood in the middle of a garden , with her arms raised .
tr	O	They scurried from the office , and Mitch 's pulse began its descent .
tr	O	Of course Mark called me right away , and I 've been a wreck ever since .
tr	O	I tried to hide it , but she 'd already seen it .
tr	I	I can 't make out a word , but Information is fired quickly .
tr	O	He followed Dick to the family room and they picked their darts .
tr	O	There were two unfamiliar hands in my lap , and it startled me when they moved at my command .
tr	O	They 'd messed up his schedule , and he hadn 't said a word .
tr	O	What happens to him and the others is out of your hands .
tr	I	The EMTs exited with a gurney and as if on cue , the elevator dinged .
tr	I	He could plainly see the bright yellow spots that appeared just before labor started and her belly was protruding .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure what was going to happen next , but all I could see for the future was good things .
tr	I	Her conscience got the better of her , but Alex almost let him walk out .
tr	O	Soon bright lights are shining through the window and people seem to be everywhere on their front lawn .
tr	I	Still the goosebumps appeared and I wasn 't cold .
tr	I	I made a federal case out of it and my mom came in for routine lab work .
tr	O	She had a clear view of the main entrance to the ballroom , yet no one could see her unless they came within a few feet .
tr	I	Glowing hotly under the restraint , but Robert 's jealous fury was banked .
tr	I	Every so often a blazing flame lit their way , but it should have been dark on the spiralling staircase .
tr	O	The steps were damp , but if he moved slowly , he kept his balance .
tr	I	A blast of fire shot at a turret a moment before the menacing sea serpent came into my view and deep animalistic roars bellowed .
tr	O	It let out a series of dull thumps as he tapped it , and there was a wholly dissatisfying thud as it fell back into place .
tr	I	I 'm fixated on your mother , and I 'm fixated on you .
tr	O	There was a pause , and the man spoke again with a hint of irritation in his tone .
tr	O	Mrs. Hermosa had come in from the garden , and I had told her about Frank 's diagnosis .
tr	O	I open my mouth to protest , but a glare from Isaiah instills silence .
tr	I	Compulsion wouldn 't work on her , and Sonya was a spirit user too .
tr	I	His shoulder was much worse , but it was just a scrape .
tr	I	The sky was growing lighter east of the mountains , but the sun was still a ways from rising .
tr	O	She didn 't understand the need for such a large room for just the two of them , but she wasn 't going to complain .
tr	I	The journalists already had that information , and yeah , somebody was after me .
tr	O	The women were on the prowl and the men were fishing .
tr	O	Chester got out of the car and Devlin walked him to the door .
tr	O	It wasn 't long before she had Buster in tow and although still somewhat disoriented , he seemed happy to be leaving .
tr	O	They were probably useless , but if the rider had companions who were following , they would follow the tracks .
tr	I	Mackenzie nervously walked to the front room and Cassandra hung up .
tr	I	I didn 't ask , and he didn 't volunteer any information about his job in the Army .
tr	O	I couldn 't pick up on anything and it abruptly stopped working .
tr	I	She raised her head , and Helen managed to subdue the dismayed laughter making her body shake .
tr	O	Her stomach lurched , but she held on , breathing through the need to be sick , grateful her aunt was too ill to notice .
tr	I	It didn 't make any sense until now , but we 've all read it dozens of times .
tr	I	It was pretty clear they were both dead , but we picked up their rifles to be safe .
tr	O	The trailer lurched around a bend , and I went down on my knees .
tr	I	I shuffled my way back into the house back to my bedroom and my shoulders slumped .
tr	O	My heart was playing games with my head and I didn 't know which side was up .
tr	I	The redheaded man was in front of him , and Ryder was in his cell .
tr	O	This was way beyond my rules and it definitely wasn 't innocent anymore .
tr	O	Even I cannot say the sources of these rumours but if Richard believes them he may think you a traitor .
tr	O	Taking a breath , Rhona let out a similar crow caw and there was an answering response .
tr	O	It was all happening too fast and she couldn 't make a sound .
tr	O	We had rehearsals that night , but Kade didn 't show up .
tr	I	Something about the woman 's storey pulled Karen in , but it was not uncommon for a woman to be married in college in those days .
tr	I	He wiped away her tears and she came into his arms .
tr	O	His life seemed to exist in shades of gray , but at least here he was speaking God 's honest truth .
tr	O	The words were distinct now and the compelling chants rang out .
tr	O	Joan heard it but she didn 't ask .
tr	I	The left side of her face was burned and her dark hair was singed at the ends .
tr	O	No bags were visible under his bright blue eyes , and he stole her breath away with his raw masculinity .
tr	O	The sun was shining and people were moving about .
tr	I	If it dropped a wagon on my head what is the difference , but a fist of Wind cannot kill me directly ?
tr	I	I think maybe this will do it , and Got ta die from something .
tr	O	I didn 't have the slightest idea what the words meant , but it was clearly a farewell .
tr	O	I understand those were different times then , and I am glad these are different times now .
tr	O	Magnus asked , and disbelief colored his voice like a drop of blood in water .
tr	I	The truth is that most infection happens when they 're in human form , but the only time they change genetic code is when they shift .
tr	O	It wasn 't there , but heard something move .
tr	O	He knew that and I knew that .
tr	O	I joke and she grins .
tr	I	It is burning a hole in my stomach , and I am feeling pity for this boy who is dying before me .
tr	O	Kris threw his shield up to block the blow , but the blade passed right through it without a sound .
tr	I	He knew there was more at play here than just respectfully returned tools but like fish in water he couldn 't pinpoint it .
tr	I	They had learned so much about each other , and the evening had gone so well this far .
tr	O	They have been brought here to a life they weren 't even able to dream about and we 're helping them with that .
tr	I	Now he was acting just like he looked -- cold , but he had a reputation for being friendly among most people .
tr	I	His eyes were wide and his mouth was open .
tr	O	It was you , father , who told me that Story is enchanted and nobody can speak of it outside of our realm .
tr	O	He shifted on the bed , then his hands slid between my knees , and I almost cried out when he pushed them apart .
tr	O	The Scots have recently condemned the book , and many Irish openly burn it in public .
tr	I	In her world , that man was god , and Damen also happened to control the purse strings .
tr	I	Apparently others blamed him as well , and he still blamed himself .
tr	I	I laughed , and she struggled .
tr	O	They were hiding something and it was big .
tr	O	She went through my business diary for the dates of the murders but there were no appointments at all on those dates .
tr	O	He paled a little more , studiously drinking his coffee now , and I knew that he knew what that meant .
tr	O	He did nothing threatening , however , and I even managed to fall asleep , though my sleep was restless .
tr	O	He 'd never been a great student , and he lasted only a year at a community college before deciding it wasn 't for him .
tr	I	It jerked , stumbling as the pain lanced through its concentration and one of my arrows dug into the first horse 's mane .
tr	O	She goes to throw her plate in the trash , and I follow her .
tr	I	Abigail Cells was still alive , and it had been three days !
tr	O	Chilling with a nice zombie like Sam was one thing , but driving right into the nest was something else entirely .
tr	O	The floor locked back into place , and we were in the room of abandoned furniture .
tr	I	I burned in the rain , calling for help , and my clothes caught .
tr	O	His anger was controlled but his frustration with her naivete rose up to make him roll his eyes .
tr	O	Southern women knew how to cook them from scratch , and I hadn 't eaten any this good in years .
tr	I	Kelly thought he must have heard her comment , and Andrew nearly choked on his appetizer as he walked up to greet them .
tr	O	Her instincts told her that he was ok that nothing so sinister lay in his past , but her instincts were never right .
tr	O	I unlock the door , and he gets in .
tr	O	Guards were already waiting for him at the front of the keep , and a group of them rushed out into the mists to meet him .
tr	O	It stole Ty 's breath and he couldn 't look away .
tr	O	Ashe had barely spoken all day , and he 'd been completely silent over breakfast that morning .
tr	O	They stood and suddenly he became very casual .
tr	I	Seeing his coat beside him he wondered whether he should pick it up but he didn 't want to go outside again .
tr	I	I do it all on my own and that 's my only hobby she added as she pointed out of the window , gardening .
tr	O	She knew mindless sex wasn 't the answer , but it wouldn 't be a bad start either .
tr	I	When Jake leaned back to stare down at me , a heated flush crept quickly back over my skin but I shivered .
tr	I	She died , and she got real sick on a family trip to Africa , like around 1906 .
tr	I	She wouldn 't be moved and she was going somewhere important .
tr	O	The sounds of the woods returned to normal , but Kylie barely noticed .
tr	I	I knew it , and she looked far from alright , however .
tr	O	Many people had said a lot of things about Jen , but no-one had ever accused her of having a pretty face .
tr	I	I don 't know , but I 've had dinner a couple of times with someone .
tr	O	Prue knew she hadn 't said the words , but they were there between them .
tr	I	I instantly felt better about the entire situation and I smiled at her .
tr	I	He was antsy , and he was up .
tr	O	The killer took a step back , but that was all he could take .
tr	O	He could sense a glance aimed at him , and turning left , he saw Dinah staring at his side .
tr	I	I would have knocked at the door , or I wasn 't expecting anyone to be here this early in the morning .
tr	I	His eyes were as jade green , and his hair was the same color as Eric 's but a bit shaggy .
tr	O	Her husband was Valentine 's closest friend , and she would have betrayed me to him immediately .
tr	O	Kyle didn 't want to alarm Amy , but Alex left him no choice .
tr	I	I kind of wish I shared the stupid mind meld with him so I could tell him to shut up and he asked .
tr	O	His eyes widened and he started to panic .
tr	O	They 'll take the first ten percent of the earnings , but you 'll get your property , fully financed .
tr	O	He didn 't enjoy it , but he did it for her .
tr	O	He was flattered , but still he had to laugh .
tr	I	I couldn 't look at them , but I could feel them all watching me .
tr	I	We make a run for it down a fire escape and a quick glance down reveals no one below .
tr	O	Amulets work for the most part , but they aren 't a hundred percent effective .
tr	I	My dad works for your dad , and my clothes didn 't cost me a house payment .
tr	I	He ordered you to see that I was made comfortable , and I 'm here by your leader 's invitation .
tr	I	It was getting more crowded as the evening wore on , and it really was packed in here .
tr	I	I walk faster , looking determinedly past him , and he brings back memories of yesterday afternoon that cause tension to coil in my stomach .
tr	I	I wasn 't going crazy and I had to know that my instincts were right , that he was here .
tr	I	He wasn 't about to be pressured against his will , but he realized he had to make an appropriate decision .
tr	O	I do because I think it 'll be different from when I told Sean I loved him , but I can 't quite get there yet .
tr	I	I think I know the answer , but I wonder this often .
tr	O	Talk is cheap , but actions are bloody .
tr	I	Sunlight streamed in , and the big bay door was open .
tr	O	He nodded and a crooked grin appeared on his face .
tr	I	Maddox had a cool sound , but I 'd never been a big fan of electronic music .
tr	I	His face relaxed and he smiled softly .
tr	I	He could cut me a little slack on the sex thing , and I figured God had made me with the disability of telepathy .
tr	O	He pulled both makeshift stakes out and the vampire fell .
tr	I	He doubted she liked it at all and obviously Eunice hadn 't expected it , either , .
tr	I	Cameron knew better than to believe in Ainsley Douglas 's innocence , but so innocent she looked , watching him with wide eyes .
tr	O	Everyone else in the house was still asleep , and his alarm was set to go off in about an hour .
tr	I	I did , but I didn 't want to look .
tr	O	He 'd parked the car in the tow zone but he didn 't give a damn .
tr	O	I feel haunted by the experience and my thoughts are constantly drawn to what 's happened to the tainted .
tr	O	It was priced far beyond anything she could afford , but she hadn 't seen any harm in dreaming .
tr	I	She shrugged , and he glanced at Sabrina in confusion .
tr	I	I knew she was sleeping again , and she curled her fingers around mine .
tr	O	She pushed the answering machine 's button but the rest of the messages were hang-ups .
tr	I	He shouts again , and his fingers go to his pockets as he 's walking .
tr	O	She tried to laugh , but the sound of her pain was carried in the mirth .
tr	I	There it was , but hardly a kind sentiment for a man she 'd known all her life .
tr	I	He was dressed in a blue satin tracksuit with silver stripes down the side and his hair was wrapped in a towel .
tr	O	He wanted to serve , and being second in command of the Clan flagship was the best way he could think of .
tr	I	They were stable and they were large enough for men to easily move through them .
tr	O	Shock widened Hope 's eyes , and then she looked at Rory .
tr	I	The partition between them let the driver ignore her , but she said .
tr	O	Nothing would change your mind and nothing would change mine either .
tr	I	Nemesis just barely heard it , but the man yelled .
tr	I	I head to my building and we say our good nights .
tr	O	March was early to rely on good weather , but people were thoroughly enjoying the warmer , sunny days .
tr	O	His voice was amazing and his range equaled that .
tr	O	The seas were rolling and Teleport was bucking like a wild bronco .
tr	O	It was not completely walled , but the houses were built together so that they could be easily defended .
tr	O	I caught Derek 's eye and we both broke out giggling .
tr	I	I think this is what woke me and I have a memory of the door to the house closing .
tr	I	Those would be much more interesting than the actions of current thugs , and I had two old diaries to read .
tr	O	I know you 're worried , but you need to trust me on this .
tr	I	It was now four separate properties and they 'd surveyed it .
tr	I	He was exactly the kind of man she 'd sworn to avoid , but she had a feeling it would be with Franco .
tr	O	Handing it to him , his hand touches mine and he quickly flips my hand over .
tr	O	She felt herself moving forward but she wasn 't really walking .
tr	I	With females scarce , males went all out to fight for them , and shifters used to be pretty bloodthirsty .
tr	O	Adriane watched her under his eyelids just in case she tried to do something foolish , but he tried to portray a man at ease .
tr	I	He 's happy , but gramps in the kitchen usually means he 's not all present .
tr	I	Anyway surely such a coincidence is unthinkable and the Vogue 's a new modern building .
tr	I	She fell lightly into his outstretched arms and he moved to the side .
tr	O	The crew hurries inside to edit the material , and Plutarch leads Finnick off for a chat , probably to see if he has any more stories .
tr	I	His gaze never left us , but it was too dark to see the emotion on his face .
tr	I	I was too distracted to care , but it should have made me happy .
tr	I	I guessed now I knew , and I 'd wondered many times what had happened to her .
tr	I	Before her stood a long row of doors , most of them closed , and she entered the hallway .
tr	O	Her thin lips twisted toward a smile , and her eyes went hard as she gloated .
tr	I	The plane was never heard from again - and the pilot made radio contact with the Reno tower - absolutely routine .
tr	O	They welcomed him without even the mildest apprehension , and he had not experienced such a welcome in the entire course of his lifetime .
tr	O	All this noise , this mess of music , suddenly came together and there was a new music inside it .
tr	O	Once again she 'd allowed her career to blind her , and it could have cost her her life .
tr	O	The battle with the giant had taken its toll and she lay in a deep slumber , with Arn standing watch over her .
tr	O	A gravel path wound through the trees , and we crunched along it toward a clearing .
tr	O	A low growl rumbled in his chest , and the pig squealed with fright .
tr	I	I could not think of it , but I should have known her name .
tr	O	Regulations can be inconvenient at times , but they are , after all , what holds a Legion together .
tr	I	He hugged her back , and she held him again .
tr	O	His face was pinched and his shoulders were strained , as if he were struggling to stay put .
tr	I	I opened my eyes and someone called .
tr	I	I preferred that to the alternative , but perhaps I 'd forgiven too much through my life .
tr	O	I didn 't want a counselor ... but I did want Sawyer .
tr	O	Violet heard his voice in her ear , but she couldn 't make out the words .
tr	I	I couldn 't even remember any details , but normally a nice bout of murder will lift my spirits .
tr	I	Sweet , angelic Danika would hate it more than most and most women did not appreciate his particular brand of pleasure .
tr	I	With each one , her lungs became a little more labored , and MaryAnn slid the buttons aside one at a time .
tr	I	He answered it anyway , but it was a question that actually didn 't need to be answered .
tr	O	He 's extremely intelligent , and he 's an excellent teacher .
tr	O	Mr Fitzroy seemed sceptical , but he didn 't quibble .
tr	O	The tape recorder is ready and all eyes are on me .
tr	O	I move myself to the side allowing some distance between us and he places his arm behind my neck as we lien back to catch our breath .
tr	I	She wondered what he 'd think and he was such an accomplished writer .
tr	I	God knows it and I know it .
tr	I	She bit her lip as the pain stabbed her momentarily and her hands gripped his shoulders once again .
tr	O	I pulled my hand out of my bag holding my digital camera and he relaxed .
tr	I	Sweat ran in rivers down my back and my head was aching with the effort .
tr	O	He made a living doing it , but so far , he 'd done a piss-poor job of doing so .
tr	O	I squinted in the late afternoon sun at the big tent , but the flap was still closed .
tr	I	Troy was gone , and the back door slammed .
tr	O	Peggy 's Cove is where I met your father , and you know that .
tr	O	His hands are in my hair and I can feel his hard body against mine .
tr	I	Her eyes dimmed and her shoulders slumped .
tr	I	This is Debbi Andrews and I 'm Brianna Morrison .
tr	I	It may come to an end , but I have no children , so I tell the stories to others .
tr	I	Both went for the alarm , and there were two guards near him , as he fell .
tr	I	I do know one thing , but I don 't know what to think .
tr	I	He would not have been surprised and she could have fallen straight from the heavens .
tr	I	She braked and they roared out onto the sidewalk .
tr	O	Kevin glanced back at her , but he didn 't get to answer .
tr	O	Sebastian was sitting on one of the thrones and I was sitting on the other .
tr	O	She hadn 't seen him and he didn 't want to frighten her by approaching on horseback .
tr	I	My stomach tenses just a bit at the way he 's looking at me , and a corner of his mouth goes up .
tr	I	Her words were beginning to squeak and Lydia 's throat had tightened up .
tr	O	My ass still stings from his hand , and I clench deep inside thinking about it .
tr	I	I looked back at her and she sighed heavily .
tr	I	I can 't breathe and my lungs are on fire .
tr	I	He kissed Angela 's temple , and Matt 's arms went around both of them .
tr	O	I added fuel to the fire , swirling my h * ps against him and he let out an unsteady sigh .
tr	I	I couldn 't move , but I wanted to jerk my arm away from his grasp .
tr	O	His brows moved up his forehead and he scratched just beside his nose .
tr	O	Part of me worried the anger that could make him beat someone so badly would someday be turned on me , but I couldn 't believe that .
tr	O	Lloyd had been standing guard fifty feet away , but he came closer as he heard our words .
tr	O	They didn 't know what to expect but they were prepared .
tr	O	Olivia didn 't say what would happen once she was found , and frightening visions flashed behind her eyes , images of being stalked .
tr	I	It shattered , and one smash against the bricks .
tr	O	We were headed out to the grocery store one morning , in my Ford Focus mind you , and on impulse I tossed her the keys .
tr	I	He groaned in his throat and violent passion slammed through him .
tr	I	All of the work we do with women centers on sewing , but I don 't know where God is planning to send you .
tr	I	I gave him a good second shot and he took it up quickly .
tr	I	The procedure was awkward , and I had never done such a thing .
tr	O	I know how you feel , I feel it too , but I 'm so stuck in the system .
tr	I	I lightly nodded my head and I looked down in shame .
tr	O	A couple of men sent her an appreciative glance , but after noticing Neil at her side , quickly looked away .
tr	I	She needed to be smart , and she couldn 't be smart when he was touching her .
tr	I	His face disappeared in my neck and as I was sorting through this new mess in my brain , his head lifted .
tr	O	The girl solider murmured that that was ok , but she also looked disgusted at what was happening .
tr	O	It was almost dark , and the cat was gone .
tr	O	They had power over all animals , and they were allowed to choose when they became adults which one they would shift into .
tr	I	My mother handed me her bouquet and we walked up to the altar .
tr	O	Susan showed up a few minutes later and Kaylin came downstairs as she walked in .
tr	O	Vin tried to cry out , but his mouth held hers as the dagger cut her flesh .
tr	I	Her body lay limp and her supple flesh was torn .
tr	I	Words never came , but Pet opened her mouth to speak .
tr	O	For a moment , I thought he 'd stop at the couch , but he continued toward the stairs .
tr	I	The wind was cold and leaves were falling fast .
tr	I	She handed me the baby and I walked over to Julia .
tr	I	Half the decanter of whiskey couldn 't erase the taste of Ainsley from his mouth , but he drank as he dressed .
tr	O	She takes sharp breaths , anger rising on her face , but she 's too weak to do anything to stop us .
tr	O	Ben nods his head at the back door all firm like and there ain 't no arguing with him this time .
tr	I	The pieces of the ignition fell to the floorboards of the SUV and Billy looked back at the column , smashed the rock down again .
tr	I	I stood up and the plane slowly emptied .
tr	O	Caring for him was important to her , and she made certain that she attended him very thoroughly .
tr	I	Inside he felt that curious tearing he was becoming so familiar with , but he said the words dispassionately , without expression .
tr	O	He 's gaining on me , and my breaths are getting shorter .
tr	I	A slight buzz settled over her , and she took another sip .
tr	I	The people messing with us right now are like ghosts , but they 're not exactly the most subtle group .
tr	O	Being a friend of a person like Mayank was not very easy but it came as a package .
tr	I	He had yet to see her in action , but Cain had heard rumors of the Defender who had a talent with electricity .
tr	O	The receptionist was trying to get his attention , and Michaels snapped back into reality .
tr	O	I wanted to wait but I don 't think she 'll ever tell me why she pulls away sometimes .
tr	I	I had fared well so far , but I had come close a couple of times .
tr	I	His relationship experience was as non-existent as mine , but maybe I should 've taken Bo up on his offer to strategize .
tr	I	Elise would never have adjusted to ranch life , but she was upset about the divorce .
tr	O	In the moonlight his eyes were as black as his hair , and his pale face was almost supernaturally beautiful .
tr	O	I guess so that she 'd have time to hook Eric ... but then , why have me come in ?
tr	O	The button on her jeans popped and the zipper came down .
tr	O	His body reacted urgently , savagely , and he allowed it , making no effort to conceal his great need .
tr	I	The boat is tied from beneath to the dock and your engine has been disabled .
tr	O	I 'd done what I 'd done , and I couldn 't take it back .
tr	I	I could guess his thoughts , and he didn 't say anything .
tr	O	I slid my legs up his back higher and he groaned , then threw his head back .
tr	I	It had never been a secret before , but to her knowledge these letters were sent out very rarely .
tr	I	I 'm sorry for oversimplifying things , and it is .
tr	O	I 'm sure it was accidental , but each one of those nudges sent electric ripples through my body .
tr	I	I can smell whiskey on his breath , and he looks like he 's been up all night .
tr	O	No one paid attention to this floor and if they did , he 'd take a scolding if it meant getting away faster .
tr	O	He was the only person in the entire kingdom who didn 't treat me like a princess and I liked it that way .
tr	I	Something that was more likely jumped to mind , but again , I wanted to believe this .
tr	O	Your father 's dead , and you 're not .
tr	I	He had never answered and she had called so many times .
tr	O	The knight was doomed and there was no sense going down with him .
tr	I	We were all out of luck for a while , and to make matters worse , their house burned down .
tr	I	His inputs make exclusive crime stories but he cannot write .
tr	I	Foxy swung into action , and Chapter 8 On the first day of the following week Sid sent the word .
tr	I	I knew I couldn 't , but I wanted to stay there with her all day .
tr	O	Adrian held out his hand , but Keith didn 't shake it .
tr	O	I kneed him right where he needed to be and that ended the interview .
tr	O	Gunfire erupted again and the two of them crouched lower .
tr	O	The Internet was a fascinating game , and Toni enjoyed it to the fullest .
tr	I	My eyes focused on her , and that question caught my attention .
tr	O	Lily takes on his blame , and she shouldn 't .
tr	I	Jace felt suddenly empty , and Cold air filled in where she 'd been .
tr	O	Someone bumped past me roughly , jolting me off my feet , and I picked Billy up .
tr	O	The sun was scorching hot and it wasn 't noon yet .
tr	O	He tried to reach for Cassie 's hand again , but she didn 't let him .
tr	O	One day he might realize that , and it would be too late ... for all of us .
tr	O	Will saw movement beneath the shelf , and with a sudden intake of breath he dropped the poles to clatter upon the floor .
tr	I	The right was bare , but the left hand was still covered by a rubber glove .
tr	O	I attempted to swallow , but my throat felt tight .
tr	O	He rolled over and seeing Katherine kissed her shoulder .
tr	I	The tallest visible point was estimated to be twenty kilometers above the island , and the tower measured little more than two kilometers in diameter .
tr	I	He knew it was true , but he didn 't understand how .
tr	I	We were heading to Tennessee but I 'd have loved to take my mom .
tr	I	She nodded , and he asked .
tr	I	She exclaimed how good they had done , and they took the birds to Waving Willow .
tr	I	Finch had said the M.E. planned to do the autopsy right away , but it was a bit early to hope they had .
tr	O	Duncan knew that , and he always tried to tear her away from the things she loved .
tr	O	My skin amplifies its telltale vibration , and I know he 's still not telling the whole truth .
tr	I	He dropped his hand back to his side , and she took another step back .
tr	I	Now I wasn 't , but everyone was mad today .
tr	O	She hugged all the kitchen staff before she left , and once again there was peace .
tr	O	I hadn 't expected Laurel to approach me tonight , but I had been expecting her one of these days .
tr	O	She held a lot of power , due to her celebrity Prime status , but once the Alphas made a decision , they always stuck to it .
tr	O	Mom kept on crying and I couldn 't say anything for a while .
tr	O	Everyone tried to find out Davido 's true age , but he 'd worked hard to keep it a secret .
tr	I	You were below and he said Sykes had already taken control .
tr	O	I 'm sure I have to hate him because he 's Cole and hatred for Cole is all that I know .
tr	I	Not one of them could reach the count in time if it was needed , but over fifty blades were drawn .
tr	I	She was sleeping peacefully , and I walked into the bedroom .
tr	O	Her voice trailed off , and Claire felt her disappointment .
tr	O	I 'd only worked two shifts on the course and I never ran into kitchen staff while on the carts .
tr	O	She had her father 's full attention and she 'd managed to shut Rachel out .
tr	I	A page entitled ' whois ' appeared on the screen and Simon clicked again on the keyboard .
tr	I	It totally confused me and I was , like , thirteen .
tr	I	Not as someone would miss a lover , but yes , she would probably miss him .
tr	O	I managed to call out to my mum and she could see I wasn 't well .
tr	I	He gave me a crooked smirk , knowing that he had flustered me , and the blush only seemed to amuse him .
tr	I	You know how it is when one bad thing happens to you but there are lots of good parts , infact more than the bad ?
tr	I	The once calm waters were a bit more rough and the wind was brisk .
tr	I	For a moment , Balthazar 's mind froze , and the tallest vampire stepped closer .
tr	I	More than anything she was just sad over all the lives ruined , but Rachel had expected to feel vindicated .
tr	O	He , too , had vanished along with them , but no one bothered to worry much about him .
tr	O	He brought her deliverance then and she made a similar supplication now .
tr	O	He felt it , sensed it , but no matter how carefully he searched , he could not find the poisonous bacteria .
tr	I	It almost covered the entrance and the swell of the sea rose .
tr	I	It 's not going to work out , but so he could say thanks very much ?
tr	O	It was a long shot , but if Barclay was still alive , then Dr. Roger Lloyd could well be the same man .
tr	O	She liked it and that scared her .
tr	O	When Kane left , he took her excuse with him , and maybe now she 'll go to her oncologist .
tr	O	Nobody knows exactly what they are , but they don 't age like the animals they resemble .
tr	I	After a moment , Owen seemed to relax , as though he 'd been worried about me , but maybe it was my imagination .
tr	O	She looked around , and her expression said she 'd thought of little else .
tr	O	I can buy some time , but she must return soon .
tr	O	He doubled over , and I shot to my feet , slipped , then steadied .
tr	I	I chose not to question her , but I blinked my eyes several times to make sure I was hearing right .
tr	I	Her vision cleared , and she sat up .
tr	I	The way his fingers curl into fists seems a little intense , but I know he doesn 't like him much .
tr	O	The houses were quiet and curtains were drawn .
tr	O	Brent threw a pair of socks at me and I had to bat them away before I was hit in the face .
tr	I	I take a seat on the couch to wait , and Lennox gets Gwen set up in a dressing room .
tr	O	I smiled and he winked .
tr	O	There 's only six weeks left in the term , and Christmas break cuts in the middle of it .
tr	I	He wasn 't concise , and this guy 's name was Rodin .
tr	O	The bot stops when it detects us , and a green ray of light beams up .
tr	I	Julie let the water beat down against her flesh , and the knife was settled on the floor of the shower .
tr	I	His training told him that they had to get out of there quick , but Wolfe didn 't know what to do exactly .
tr	O	He falls flat to his back , and I crash on top of him .
tr	I	Instead , she looked ready to laugh , but I was afraid I would see something there that would upset me .
tr	I	Kody appeared at her side , and Gruber hesitated .
tr	O	A chill settles between us , and I try to smile .
tr	I	The altercation ceased and she purposely rattled the latch before pushing the door open .
tr	O	They walked up to the house and Elissa slipped out of his arms .
tr	O	He presses down lightly , and when I resist , starts wiggling me around until I begin to loosen up .
tr	O	Kenzie grinned at me , and I smiled , too .
tr	I	He sits back down and Jacob grabs his hand .
tr	I	He wasn 't letting her off the hook so easily but she was so obvious .
tr	O	That hard tightness was like a tease and my hips undulated under Jake in a silent plea for more .
tr	I	He was far too weak , and she was far too tempting .
tr	O	Roger is a monster and Realm knew him .
tr	I	They made him feel better , but he wasn 't completely suicidal .
tr	I	He was just so ... warm , and Cassidy noticed that there were calluses on his fingers .
tr	O	Zoe didn 't say anything in response , but her lips were parted as if she wanted to speak .
tr	I	We were on our way and I quickly adjusted the volume .
tr	O	I don 't know how long we stayed on the couch , but soon , Cyrus was shifting beneath me .
tr	O	I know he notices , but he pretends he doesn 't .
tr	O	Matt took on two rushers knocking one down in what almost looked like a hold , but he gave Alex time to run down the field .
tr	I	He still hadn 't regained full use of it , but his left arm was free of the cast now .
tr	I	The peak proper and there was no seam between it .
tr	O	Maybe I was in a coma and this was a lucid dream .
tr	I	I gave him a little wave , and he stared at me with raised eyebrows .
tr	O	The first few rooms appeared to be empty offices , but just beyond them , they could hear the uneasy sounds of animals in distress .
tr	O	I know that you 're upset I contacted Claire , but please don 't let it ruin everything we have .
tr	I	The odour became even more pungent and the mixture began to lighten slightly .
tr	I	I know now that I was just confused but I thought I loved a woman back home .
tr	O	She told me you 've been friends for a long time , but she seems to be nurturing a vague dislike for me .
tr	O	I started up the stairs again , but another shot had me turning back .
tr	O	They ate the fish , and it was very good .
tr	O	His eyes scan my face and his thumb swept my cheek .
tr	O	She was one of the best archers at Mythos , and her aim was true .
tr	O	The first fakes a punch , but Mai expected as much , giving the boy no instruction just yet .
tr	I	She summoned every bit of will power to control the weakness she felt , but Karen could feel the blood draining from her face .
tr	O	More tears fall ... and I hate them .
tr	O	Boys always loved challenges and they didn 't remember their promises to girls .
tr	I	Even the tennis courts had no players and the ball field was empty .
tr	O	The finding couldn 't have happened at a better moment , and it had soon grabbed the attention of the media .
tr	I	I hoped he did -- or he felt for me .
tr	I	You simply aren 't going to blow this for me and I 'm so close to this new post .
tr	O	A heaviness settled in my chest , and muscles low in my stomach clenched .
tr	O	He 'd cal ed again during dinner , and she hadn 't answered then , either .
tr	I	Pete even told Grandma that she was cute , and playing the gentleman to the hilt , they paid the bill .
tr	I	I don 't know why , but I 'm stuffing it in a mattress .
tr	O	Frank visited , but he couldn 't spend a lot of time .
tr	O	I belong to Circle Daybreak , but they didn 't send me .
tr	O	The soldier weighed more than he 'd expected , but he managed .
tr	O	It had been a whim , and there was nothing Magnus attached more importance to than a whim .
tr	O	I felt a rush of affection for my boyfriend and I held him tightly against my chest .
tr	I	We sprint after them , bursting out the front door of the building and I nod .
tr	O	Dark circles were beginning to show under his somewhat bloodshot eyes , and the stubble covering his jaw suggested he hadn 't shaved for days .
tr	O	It made her hair pull and she shot an angry look at the woman who was working on it .
tr	O	It was moving fast , and its face was completely concealed by a hoodie .
tr	O	A quick right led him to the stairs , and he bounded up them , becoming more wobbly the higher he got .
tr	O	Elliott raises an arm to escort me out , but I remove one more mask from the bureau .
tr	O	Her hands became sweaty , and her focus on the classroom material was shot .
tr	I	Her miserable look had gone , but her nose still dripped mucus .
tr	I	Where had she come from , but he wanted a female shifter of pure blood ?
tr	O	She gave me a knowing smirk , and I just rol ed my eyes .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure I believed that , but it was still wonderful to hear .
tr	O	He 's done a lot of laughing today and I decide I like it .
tr	I	All like that and she was crying .
tr	I	The drugs had done a number on his brain , and maybe a drug addict in years past ?
tr	I	Jesus Christ , but I expected it to be cold !
tr	I	I couldn 't blame her , and she was nervous .
tr	I	Her face was slightly flushed , and her bare skin looked luminous .
tr	I	At least he didn 't think so , or so far he had not been seen .
tr	O	Jenn Martin , a girl I 'd had math with freshman year , was talking to Patch , but he looked distracted .
tr	O	We will invite the media in , too , and this story will be spread across the Alliance .
tr	I	Maybe that 's not so bad , but this is becoming a routine for me .
tr	O	I might wear what Tino wanted me to wear , but I was going to take my time getting ready .
tr	O	Margaret is currently employed part-time at a travel agency , but she 's never discussed her job with me .
tr	I	It was definitely improving , but Peter 's speech function had a way to go .
tr	I	I was pretty much positive Carly had been drinking more , and they each had a flask .
tr	I	The blood drained from his face , and Donovan flinched .
tr	I	Her body went into shock and her blood sugar is low .
tr	I	More students came out gradually , and doors opened .
tr	O	I glared at him , and he dropped his hands .
tr	O	The annoyed one opened her mouth to say something , but I got in first .
tr	I	Jeff steps out and before I can reply , her door opens .
tr	I	My world shifted on its axis , and when she kissed me back , I knew instantly that she 'd made her decision about me .
tr	O	Nick tried to get up , but Jimmy pulled him back down .
tr	O	The moon is large and the frost brings mist from the ground .
tr	I	Since he 'd fixed the problem there was no reason to address it , and she adored him so .
tr	I	It was several seconds after her departure before small talk resumed and Hera stalked out of the room .
tr	I	Then he saw me , and he shook his head .
tr	I	My commander recommended me to the protection detail for a visiting senator , and I was released with full honors .
tr	O	I bit my lip hard , but still no tears came .
tr	I	He recognizes the gasp , and he hears her gasp .
tr	O	Must be because it was the middle of the night , and he really didn 't want Sally knowing he was here .
tr	I	I wasn 't all right with anyone else seeing , but I didn 't care if he saw .
tr	O	She has a great body , and she 's cute .
tr	O	A few moments later they were gone from sight , and the sound of the galloping faded away into the east .
tr	I	It won Sundance and she acted in an indie film for a friend .
tr	O	She 'd always found that act intensely erotic , and now the wicked thought of a vampire doing it to her made her squirm .
tr	O	My heart was racing , and my body went numb .
tr	I	I 'd beg for more and he could have me now .
tr	I	I nod and he asks .
tr	O	They think I 'll be fine once they do the mastectomy and I go through chemo .
tr	O	This was rather transparent , and Laurence treated it with the contempt which it deserved .
tr	I	He would deliver the books in the next few days but Sawyer told Smythe that there had been a hitch .
tr	O	I closed my eyes and softly , slowly kissed his jaw .
tr	O	Her palms itched and her head ached .
tr	I	I 've been swamped , and it 's tax season .
tr	O	I know she 's fine and I 'm thankful .
tr	O	He didn 't say anything , but the silence wasn 't uncomfortable .
tr	O	My fingertips brush the curve of his ear , and he shivers in reaction .
tr	O	Bring the book here and your journey was over .
tr	O	Peg was a good friend to me most of my life , and I can 't discount that because she did one horrible thing .
tr	I	Ted couldn 't help feeling sympathetic to her situation , but she was more than partly responsible for this mess .
tr	O	He pulled her closer so he could feel her every breath , and to his delight , she rolled her head back , exposing her long neck .
tr	O	Nothing had changed , but everything was different .
tr	I	Philip drove with his attention fixed on the road ahead of them and Alice kept her eyes closed .
tr	I	Before I made it to the doorway , a loud boom threw me in the opposite direction , but I walked toward the front area .
tr	O	Oh , God , the town had quarantined the dogs , but nobody had thought about the cats .
tr	I	They sat outside , Sonia in his lap and after she 'd exhausted herself , he 'd taken her to the snack shop .
tr	O	His fingers spread across my stomach , and he starts singing an unfamiliar song under his breath .
tr	I	The nausea passed , and waves of energy pulsed through her .
tr	I	It 's not for discussion and I 've made a decision .
tr	I	He was too weak to make any reply , but Brin held a finger to his lips to silence the Prince .
tr	O	Adam waited , but nothing came .
tr	O	Normally , Helena would be ecstatic by Brutus 's change of heart , but if she were to be tutored , she couldn 't see Lucius .
tr	O	He 'd been staring at the roses , but his sharp gaze swung back to her .
tr	O	She was queen , and she had to be different .
tr	I	I ceased having a mother each and from the moment I gave birth , my husband .
tr	I	At least they had with Cade , or the dark shirt he wore clung to the sculpted abs that I knew lingered beneath the shirt .
tr	I	I think I 'm ready to leave and I 've finished my stories .
tr	I	His hair looked darker now that it was dripping wet and he was tan .
tr	O	I followed them to the door and Miranda 's mother met us there .
tr	I	The berries were needed to make it work , but his mother had told him that it was something in the leaves that held the medicine .
tr	I	There were no autonomous ships at all , but a few cargo shipment modules were scattered throughout the planet in various decrepit facilities .
tr	O	He spoke so forcefully that she stared at him , but it was important that she understand this .
tr	O	They bragged about his gardening skills , and he accepted the credit .
tr	I	My words sounded slightly excited , and my breathing was coming faster .
tr	I	She got up anyway but Philip got up without looking at Sarah .
tr	I	Everything outside the stall was another , and it was like we were now one thing .
tr	O	Business was slow for a Saturday , but experience told Shana it would pick up around lunchtime .
tr	O	I can see several of the crew guys up there , and a petite blonde leaning on the railing with her back toward me .
tr	O	There had been some snow in January , and Jonas suspected there would be more before February was out .
tr	I	They all agreed that this was what they felt , but none of them was able to explain this afterwards .
tr	O	I started to smile , but Caleb led me past them , to the left of the Sentinels where the students belonged .
tr	I	I set my beer down and the band began to pump out a deep , heavy , sexy sound .
tr	I	She saw his lips were twitching and her head came back around .
tr	I	I don 't trust him , but maybe it 's a reflex left over from dealing with the Corp .
tr	O	Richard tried to dodge at the last minute , but the bullet still ripped deep into his chest .
tr	O	Something snapped , and the bridge listed to one side .
tr	I	The hope of what was to come was becoming stronger than the pain , but the truth of what she had done still hurt .
tr	O	Half of them are in their early teens , and the other half are adults .
tr	O	It lay on the sand beside my backpack , and I thought of the other end tied to the secret door under - neath the attic stairs .
tr	I	He wasn 't memorable either , but he wasn 't bad looking .
tr	O	Tears scalded her eyes , fell , and all she could do was plead .
tr	I	There was a new tension racing through his body but his question sounded nonchalant .
tr	O	She was small , too , and I physically looked down at her .
tr	O	My eyes were wide and I actually felt excited .
tr	O	He had no predecessors , not really , and he would have no successors , either .
tr	I	He couldn 't possibly find humor in the repercussions , but he might have found the situation amusing at first .
tr	I	We have much for which to be thankful and another year has passed .
tr	O	There is something to be said for living in a rational age , but still , it seems to me we have lost something as well .
tr	O	She looked down again , and she was covered with mud .
tr	I	She was torn about whether she wanted him to , but Gabby could sense that he wanted to touch her .
tr	O	I couldn 't help myself and I started crying again .
tr	O	They were cheering us on , but I couldn 't hear them .
tr	O	The figure lunged at me again and this time grabbed onto my calf .
tr	O	Jim slept as his mind kept trying to focus on his angel , but yet , she still had no face .
tr	O	Kira 's eyes flashed green at Lewis , and her fangs seemed to jump out of her gums .
tr	O	I knew it wouldn 't be the same with just anyone , and having Logan touch me today left me aching .
tr	I	He felt sure it was Reece , saluting , but it was hard to see in the sun .
tr	O	My curiosity won out over my stubbornness and I scooted back in the chair in surrender .
tr	I	She hadn 't held Grace once while he 'd been there and she 'd seemed out of sorts .
tr	I	I tug on his arm , stopping him and he 's always saying that .
tr	I	She found herself intrigued by the concept and the sign in the window had caught her notice .
tr	O	The house was for one family and each room served a different purpose .
tr	I	I couldn 't get it out of my head , but I didn 't want it to dominate my life .
tr	I	The urge to arch into him overrode all reason , and my body reacted to the closeness .
tr	O	You 've both helped me a lot , and I appreciate it more than you know .
tr	I	She enjoyed it , more than she could say , but the moment was over .
tr	O	After all , my body may be broken , but I will never be imprisoned if my spirit is free .
tr	I	Water leaked profusely from her eyes , and the sudden relief made Dorian weaker .
tr	I	Wes was already working with the zipper of my dress , but I waited .
tr	O	You 're everything I 've ever wanted in a woman , and I 've spent a hell of a long time looking .
tr	I	They both knew it and this time was different .
tr	O	The ringing of the phone brought her back to the present , and she leaned over to pick it up .
tr	I	A blast of cold air alerted Hannah to the fact they 'd arrived at their destination , and he rolled down the window .
tr	O	There is no ground below my feet and I 'm surprised that I have not fallen into the fiery gorge below .
tr	I	For terrible moments , she felt a phantom womb convulse inside her , and his lips were on her scar , paying homage .
tr	I	I came from behind and the room was dark .
tr	I	I knew there 'd be none , and CHAPTER 7 There were no sirens .
tr	O	I spot lights brightening the alley and I move to stand .
tr	O	She doesn 't answer and I don 't push .
tr	O	You cannot have a change in location without space , and you cannot have a change in location without time .
tr	I	All the leprechauns laughed like this was the best joke they 'd ever heard , and Rusty slapped his thigh .
tr	I	I wasn 't the one to tell Adam about Mackenzie and Force her to understand I 'd never betray her trust .
tr	I	His intense gaze shifted to her mouth and his pupils dilated .
tr	O	Tyson walks ahead of me without another word and I wonder if he is still angry at me .
tr	I	There he is , frozen in time and I come up from my crouched position .
tr	I	I don 't really care , and I don 't know how .
tr	I	Now her three daughters-in-law were included , too , and Sarah , Jonathan 's widow , usually joined the group .
tr	I	He couldn 't bear the pity in her voice , but she whispered .
tr	I	Her hands clutched at the knitted afghan draped across her lap , and her eyes widened .
tr	I	She also made no move to run away , but she didn 't reply .
tr	O	I wish there was something we could do , but there isn 't .
tr	O	Her cheeks turned a crimson red against the pallid tone of the rest of her skin , yet somehow it enhanced her beauty instead of diminishing it .
tr	O	He pulled me closer and his voice dipped lower .
tr	O	His hands creeped back down and suddenly , he was tickling me .
tr	O	She would be back in a few minutes and the others would never know she was gone .
tr	I	He suggested each side of the old barn , and they asked Preston where they should set them up .
tr	I	I can see Fundamental go under again , fresh as the minute it happened and the storm 's inside me already .
tr	I	Her pale skin was dotted with green specks , and the woman 's red hair drifted around her .
tr	O	She was acting like she didn 't trust me , and I just couldn 't stand it .
tr	O	He held my hand and I gripped it hard .
tr	I	All the resources were directed to finding you and my project was going to be cancelled .
tr	O	I could feel my face going even more scarlet , and I didn 't know what to say .
tr	I	The look of shock on his face was almost comical and the demon looked down at the handle sticking out of him .
tr	I	He just held her closer , but she tried to pull away .
tr	I	She didn 't want to lie to her niece , but Shana could probably talk her way out of this .
tr	I	There was no need to instigate him , but he could not know what had happened to Julian in there .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to tell her it wasn 't true , but saving face was pointless .
tr	O	Corrado just stared at the man , and he stared right back .
tr	O	I needed to feed , but I could hang on a little longer .
tr	I	He didn 't like to believe her but Trinity often tried to tell him they had ran away from a home for orphans when they were smaller .
tr	I	I set the course because I could not bear to destroy my own son , yet I knew .
tr	O	I went to talk , but nothing would come out .
tr	O	I knew it was childish , but his attention was often so divided that I felt like I was sharing him with the world .
tr	O	It was the oldest cemetery in Richmond , and therefore , in my opinion , it was also the most disturbing .
tr	I	It was mild , but he could still feel the urge .
tr	I	I slipped , feeling cold liquid soaking into my clothes and Joseph took broad steps towards me .
tr	O	We have wings , but we don 't fly for long distances .
tr	O	Titus ' fingers threaded through hers and she felt instantly at ease .
tr	O	Of course , you don 't rationally think about these things , but it has become so instinctive that your brain instantly recognises it .
tr	I	She had not hurt anyone and she was only a girl .
tr	O	You hosted me when you were twenty two , and though it 's been almost ten years you 've not aged since then .
tr	O	Someone told him a story about me and he wants to write about it .
tr	I	I 'm not saying I have the answer and there 's got to be a better way .
tr	O	You must have been on Neo Utopia watching , expecting victory , but seeing only failure .
tr	O	She could sense Quinlan 's battle frequency gearing up , but she could also feel the other vampires , that they were super-charged .
tr	O	Several other lemons had shriveled up and I tossed them without telling Mom .
tr	I	She can 't get out of bed quick enough and just as I hoped , she is so excited .
tr	O	I hate to hear him worried like he is , but opening my eyes means I 'll have to explain what happened .
tr	I	It didn 't seem like she gave in because of his authority , but at last , Mei gave a sharp nod .
tr	O	His breath made her want to gag , but she refused to show her terror , refused to flinch .
tr	I	Your wounds are healing and I will return each day to see that you are fed .
tr	I	She clings to life stubbornly and the child is female .
tr	O	Here we would talk about buffalo parts , but it makes the same point .
tr	O	Mr. Lennox looked at the seal and his face relaxed .
tr	I	I will protect my land , and I will send the Demons back to where they belong .
tr	O	Once again he drew his hand back and the banging stopped .
tr	O	They were consenting adults , and they both wanted this .
tr	O	We 've been best friends for years and neither one of us knew it would become a relationship .
tr	I	I swear I can feel the exact texture of her lips , but it 's light , so damn light .
tr	I	At least the part of it she could remember , or the journey from Josh 's flat had been uncomfortable .
tr	I	The sound was terrible , and Julie 's cries grew louder , more frantic .
tr	I	Gage stepped into the room , and as she put it there , the door opened .
tr	O	The door swung open and Jacob turned to me .
tr	O	This was another one of those then , but this time it was only me .
tr	O	It only needed to be 51 percent , and that would do it .
tr	O	She started to tell him she 'd never accept it , but she didn 't even know if it was a lie .
tr	I	Her mother was a mortal and her father is a werewolf .
tr	O	My frown became a scowl , and I jumped back into motion .
tr	O	She felt each step he took on the boat deck through the soles of her feet , and she saw him approach in her peripheral vision .
tr	O	Kyle 's ex had hurt him pretty badly , and Kyle had shown no interest in going down that road again .
tr	I	No words come out , but he tries to say something .
tr	O	The white cotton umbrella was illuminated by white lights , and citronella candles were scattered on the marble balustrade .
tr	I	Since the pair weren 't slowing down , he stepped aside , but the guard by the makeshift gate was about to stop them .
tr	O	Her words burn , but while I 'm not a doormat , I won 't take her bait .
tr	I	I keep wiping them but my eyes are moist .
tr	O	Nobody had bothered to fill her in on the details , and she guessed she should be grateful for that .
tr	O	He gives it a push and it swings out , hanging over the ravine .
tr	O	Apparently my family 's property is worth a considerable amount of money , and it 's right smack in the middle of a fast growing area .
tr	O	This time she did smile , but she didn 't bother to hide it this time .
tr	O	I 've seen this before , heard it before , but it 's like all I hear is her voice right now .
tr	I	There wasn 't much that surprised him these days , and Reggie had lived a long , long time .
tr	I	Sasha 's senses were flooded by the extreme scent of perfume , another of Kenneth 's demands from her mother , and the bed dipped .
tr	O	She needed to break it off with him and the entrance of Debra only crystallized that decision .
tr	O	She had asked for his input , his thoughts , wishes , and when he offered little , she was pleased .
tr	O	Maybe this was still the rape palace and he was trapping me down here while the bigger guys did all the work .
tr	O	I know she said they killed Eliana , but I hope that doesn 't mean she saw it happen .
tr	O	His long steps made short work of the courtyard and before I knew it , we were entering the cool darkness of the castle .
tr	I	She visualized him on the other side of the door thinking and timmons didn 't answer .
tr	O	The whole thing was embarrassing then and it 's just as embarrassing for me now .
tr	I	It is only a matter of time before you take what you want , but I 'm surprised you have lasted this long .
tr	I	I ain 't heard they launched any , but they got new ones in the works .
tr	I	It was every bit as real - but maybe her faith wasn 't like her father 's .
tr	I	I had to look elsewhere , and Joe no longer needed an additional full-time waitress .
tr	O	Benedict had regarded her in the same manner , but he had asked no questions .
tr	I	He is more exquisitely lovely than I had ever realized , and Steele comes often to see me .
tr	I	Something else was going on , or he either had a serious case of A.D.D. .
tr	O	I followed Lloyd swiftly through the house , sweeping swiftly through the rooms as we searched for anything out of place , but there was nothing .
tr	I	If it 's over two years ago so is dad And Technically I already am here , safely tucked in L.A. .
tr	I	He said to drag you both up to the manse and I spoke to His Grace when I arrived .
tr	I	The walls were eggshell , giving the room warmth , and the hardwood floors in his home were a polished blond .
tr	O	He wore a helmet , but the visor was up , showing a face as familiar to me as my own .
tr	I	There was nothing remotely angelic about him , but his features were relaxed .
tr	I	I opened the package and I locked the door , turned the light one .
tr	O	She thought of a million excuses , but they both knew the reason she was late .
tr	I	It 's obvious to everyone what your weak spot is , but you don 't hide your feelings , which is admirable .
tr	O	The girl 's smile was beautiful and Chloe immediately grinned back at her .
tr	O	Anton glanced at her and she thoroughly jolted him by offering him one of those smiles that said I 'm available if you want me .
tr	I	The real smile I 'd gotten earlier was gone , but Finn offered me a smile .
tr	O	We emerge back onto the sidewalk and I zip up my jacket to keep out the chill .
tr	I	I know she is right , but I want to deny it .
tr	O	I haven 't told you before , but he needs more surgery on his eyes .
tr	I	Obviously he had gone back to school for a career upgrade of some sort , but Martin had known Ty as a mechanical engineer .
tr	O	Part of him knew there was no hope , but he refused to let that fact take root .
tr	O	I know I 'm the one speaking but I don 't know where these words are coming from .
tr	O	William gazed at her , but she could tell he saw only the past .
tr	I	He was lost in her eyes of unearthly wisdom and she gave him a look that stole time .
tr	O	I will see that day when you bury me and I reach from the grave to lie with you for the eternal sleep I owe you .
tr	I	We were running out of time , but originally , I had planned on building a pole building first , to store everything in .
tr	O	No suddenness to it the way small birds did , or hesitant pause those larger did when perching .
tr	I	There are others who are stronger but most civilians are too petrified to protest .
tr	I	I know not what but in the back of my mind something nags at me .
tr	O	They 'd walked to this dwelling , but none of them had noticed their surroundings on the quick trip because they were so diminished by the jump .
tr	O	I really hoped my entire wheel wasn 't going to fly off , but if it was , at least the professionals were close by .
tr	I	Sharing cosmetic secrets and braiding her friends ' hair .
tr	O	He opens his mouth to interject , but I hold up a hand to stop him .
tr	I	Her eyes filled with arousal and her lips hitched briefly .
tr	O	I had a few shots instead , but that didn 't stop him .
tr	O	His tongue slipped into my mouth and my back arched into him as I tasted his sweetness once again .
tr	I	Then everyone started bustling at once , and there was one brief moment of stunned silence .
tr	O	He wanted to cry out , but he was unable to speak .
tr	O	The 17-year-old male came to Ms. Meadows ' defense , and the alleged attacker drove off .
tr	O	Even after the breakup I felt relieved that it was all over but it still hurt .
tr	O	Nick went into the shower and I went back to sleep .
tr	I	That was totally besides the point , but she looked good enough to eat .
tr	O	She headed into the room where she slept and her things were scattered all over the floor .
tr	O	I was getting a feel for it and I was really getting rather smug .
tr	I	Lea was moving slower than before , but Lea would be dashing towards Tania .
tr	I	Mom worked a lot , too and Dad had to work two jobs .
tr	O	Chapter 4 Iris ran up the stairs with her fringe flying , and Violet went to the kitchen to hunt up Rita , the cook .
tr	I	Letting David help her use the bathroom was not one of them , but there were a lot of things that Noelle could handle .
tr	I	It wasn 't going to last , but it had fooled most of them .
tr	I	They sized each other up and Addy 's ex halted in his tracks .
tr	I	Then voices raised , and they heard a door bang inside .
tr	I	When he relaxed his eyes caught on something , and he took a deep , full breath .
tr	O	The current grabbed the ship , and the city began to diminish .
tr	I	He had accepted it without a thought of why , and everyone had written Cameron off as a useless drunk .
tr	I	She found it strangely intimate instead , but the scent should have been repulsive .
tr	I	I felt the same , but I thought being queen would feel different somehow , like something inside of me would have fundamentally changed .
tr	O	I look purposefully at the chair in front of me and she takes the hint .
tr	O	Face down on the mat , Joey realized his eyes were open but he couldn 't see .
tr	O	It wasn 't his own resemblance to the man , but the man himself that frightened Dario now .
tr	I	I sense him , but other times , like now , he keeps silent .
tr	O	He drew her away from Teddy 's bedside , but she stepped on something that made her pause .
tr	I	As a result he has the press 's interest , and Mr. Saunders is the world 's most eligible billionaire bachelor .
tr	O	She unbuttoned his shirt , and her mouth moved to his chest , as murmurs of pleasure escaped his lips .
tr	O	Heavens to Betsy finishes , and we head home .
tr	I	I know you 'll understand , but mom thinks I 'm crazy .
tr	O	Claire badly wanted to , but she had another question .
tr	I	I 'm left wondering if I have what it takes to be a superhero , and small Talk walks off .
tr	O	Their beauty bewildered me , and they remain after all these years .
tr	O	We join Zeke again , and I pocket the shell .
tr	O	Some bad people are doing bad things to people like you , and these guys want to stop it , blah blah blah .
tr	O	I know he doesn 't cope well when I 'm like that , but he has always been there when I needed him .
tr	O	Her lower lip trembled and she shook her head .
tr	O	I could see nothing , but I could hear them .
tr	I	Despite his brave face , I could see him wince with each step , and now he carried a toddler in his other arm .
tr	I	This little girl jumped out at me all unexpected , and I must have relaxed my guard , at the end of the last chapter .
tr	I	Everything would be all right again and Melvin would come to his rescue .
tr	O	We 'd pulled over and now , ten minutes later , we are about to board .
tr	O	I 'm divorced and I have no children .
tr	I	As soon as she felt Becky 's arms go around her , she lost it , but she thought she could be strong .
tr	I	When he did , his sight began to return slowly , as if a fog were being lifted and he stopped .
tr	O	We 'd wanted one night with nothing bad and this is what we get .
tr	O	She tried to go out for breakfast , but she 'd forgotten about how hurried life was in New York .
tr	I	He thought he recognised it , and the first thing he saw was an Orban at a computer .
tr	I	The wounds mended as quickly as they were made ... but the Sentinel blasted the monster .
tr	O	It had jammed once , for Noah , but I knew it wouldn 't for me .
tr	I	It Gets Better internet videos and I 'm just tired of people remembering my generation for Kim Kardashian .
tr	I	The sound of Bryn 's voice makes me stop short but I 'm glancing at my phone .
tr	O	She could see her pup playing , and the village as it always was .
tr	O	There was no wood around so they had a cold meal and several of the men grumbled at having no coffee .
tr	O	I was talking to Link , but I was looking at Lena .
tr	I	I were together and which means he .
tr	O	She 's crazy about you , Gage , and I 'll be the first person to say I 'm glad .
tr	I	At times , I was surprised by his own restraint , and I think he sensed my hesitation to go too fast .
tr	I	He relished it , and she clung to him like he was her life raft in the middle of the ocean .
tr	I	There is only so much that you can learn from books , but I support study as much as any man .
tr	O	Buddy might have dumped her , but she wasn 't without options .
tr	O	His arms encircle me , and for the first time in years , I truly feel like I have a home .
tr	I	I knew Daniel could tell how I felt and I wore a frown .
tr	I	Her pale blue eyes stared out over the park forever , and her body lay limp exactly as Beverly Jones had died .
tr	I	She clasped the baby protectively to her , and Corinne 's head snapped up .
tr	I	Brooke hit the number again , and John 's phone went to voicemail .
tr	O	Her pose was one of such pain and dejection Brian couldn 't bear it .
tr	I	My body doesn 't move , but my mind screams at me .
tr	O	When Callie saw the tiny Harlequin emerge , she smiled , but it soon faded as Poe looked down at it .
tr	O	She smiled , but Parker wondered if he was the most boring person alive .
tr	O	Thomas was relentless in trying to recruit Jack to work for his company , but Jack refused , preferring the work at the agency .
tr	I	It had never materialised but they had spent the last two years waiting for the new society their leaders had promised .
tr	O	He jumps down and as I 'm about to , Chaos grabs my arm .
tr	O	She frowned and the souls who had gathered in the room vanished .
tr	I	It felt like the promise of so much more but this one didn 't last more than five seconds .
tr	O	The priest leaned back and his old chair creaked .
tr	O	That was nice and I loved it .
tr	O	Whoever is there performs the blessing , and the sea takes the body away .
tr	I	His hangover wasn 't much better and the Brita was almost empty .
tr	I	Part of me was reluctant to let him go , but part of me wanted to finish things with him .
tr	O	We both stood unmoving for what felt like an eternity , but I 'm sure in reality was only a few seconds .
tr	I	That 's for another day , but even Logan wants his dead girlfriend 's diary , which sucks in a big way .
tr	I	That is why you are here and we are still in the process of rebuilding .
tr	O	The door chimed softly , and I dashed inside .
tr	O	The colony must be contained in one structure or all structures must be linked with indoor connections .
tr	I	She didn 't look back at him , but Alethea tensed beneath Marc 's hand .
tr	I	They weren 't , but he thought the mules would be slow .
tr	I	Steam obscured their view , but the rain had stopped .
tr	O	As he drank , he held down her wrists and she was roughly penetrated once again .
tr	I	This didn 't hurt so much it was like you were protecting me again , but mostly I tried not to think about you .
tr	O	An immediate protest came to my lips but I managed to swallow it , although I couldn 't hold back the tears .
tr	I	He looked sick and he felt sick .
tr	O	I 'm here with you , and I won 't leave you .
tr	O	She knew he felt some of the pull she did or he wouldn 't have been waiting for her to night .
tr	I	Parasites had entered and Gerald must have had an open wound somewhere .
tr	O	Then he was moving again , and they followed three paces behind .
tr	O	The procedure was simple , and most of the time it worked .
tr	I	Sure enough , he 's right , and I glance up at the clock .
tr	O	she called out once more , but again only silence answered her .
tr	I	I hoped it would at least tide me over until dinner , but it wasn 't cheese fries .
tr	O	Tick was ready for the rebound of force this time , and he leaned into it , fighting it with his own strength .
tr	I	They chatted for a few minutes and Simon then introduced Lucas to her .
tr	O	He looked unhappy and my heart went out to him .
tr	O	This may be Leah 's first , but I doubt it .
tr	I	A service area lined the wall , and several large community tables filled the space .
tr	I	They were the best six years I ever had , and we were married for six years before the accident .
tr	O	I was trying to be cool , but I couldn 't hide the annoyance in my tone .
tr	O	The man looked like he was about to kill her - But a bullet hit him instead .
tr	O	Her eyes closed and her legs fell wide as she ran her finger lower .
tr	I	No one wanted to take the blame for starting it and the world was on the threshold of World War III .
tr	I	Dorian was leaning over the railing -- looking as though she 'd never seen a game before , but Alisha was working on her computer thingy .
tr	O	Levin showed him on a map and Ben could scarcely believe his luck .
tr	O	The doorbell rang and her mother rushed into the living room .
tr	O	I started to run with them towards the carousel , but that 's when I noticed the carousel was occupied .
tr	I	Shawn laughed , and she whisked him away .
tr	I	I did not recognize any of the voices , but I could hear radio transmissions from inside .
tr	I	A toilet pushed against the side , and an enzyme spray hose slithered from the far wall .
tr	O	I had taken them for brown as I approached the desk , but now they looked black .
tr	O	It 's possible I said goodbye , but I don 't remember saying it .
tr	O	She could certainly handle Pappy 's truck , but she could not relax behind the wheel .
tr	I	The small box containing her ashes would be buried in the cemetery under a small stone and Riley would be cremated .
tr	I	Treating her as family and taking in a stranger .
tr	O	She was favouring her left leg , carrying her weight on her right , and her left harm hung limply at her side .
tr	O	I was exhausted from the emotional rollercoaster of the day , and I decided to treat myself to a luxury I hadn 't had in years .
tr	O	My hands began to sweat and my firm grasp had weakened .
tr	O	It was her middle name , but Andrew didn 't know that .
tr	I	The stuffed backpack was beside him , and he was still dressed head to toe in warm garb .
tr	O	I knew he was antsy for that , but it wasn 't something he worried over .
tr	O	She was wearing a simple black robe with a hood , and her vibrant red hair stood out in stark contrast .
tr	O	Adele had voiced a wish to retire and he had immediately risen to escort her .
tr	O	Then he looked at Connor , and his stance relaxed .
tr	O	You were not here but most of your things were still here so I was just wondering .
tr	O	Her fingertips could feel the muscles tighten and she knew she 'd said the wrong thing .
tr	O	For letting me make my own choices and not trying to control my potential mistakes .
tr	I	I failed for the umpteenth time , but I tried to read the thoughts he kept so well hidden .
tr	O	The wind is from the east , and we must head for open water if we are not to be blown ashore .
tr	O	It was much warmer than the frigid air of New York and with his fur he kind of liked a little cool wind .
tr	O	She turned around and they began again .
tr	O	Everyone is usually blank , but they had a status .
tr	I	At the moment the trees he loved seemed like a lesser concern , but the forest was in danger , too .
tr	I	I jerked away from him , but he grabbed my hand again .
tr	O	A shadow caught my eye , but it was motionless .
tr	I	It was Elena 's , and there was only one set of footprints here .
tr	O	The voice came from Beth 's mouth , but it wasn 't Beth speaking .
tr	O	It was an obsession and Lissy wanted in on his secret .
tr	O	Three days had passed since that first night and the landscape had changed .
tr	O	Her eyes were still sealed shut , and the expression on her face was placid .
tr	O	We had made it further than I 'd expected in broad daylight , but there was still a long way to go .
tr	O	My injured arm was bound up , but there were bloodstains on my glove .
tr	O	The room 's size equaled that of Camille 's L.A. apartment , but that was the only thing the two spaces had in common .
tr	I	It wasn 't hunger , but there was a pain in my stomach .
tr	I	I could feel their influence disappearing and I fought against each of them .
tr	O	My body began to respond when she gripped me , but I was so fucking close to sleep , so exhausted .
tr	I	In a moment he turned the lights off , but there was no response from the other side .
tr	I	Somehow , death always follows you , yet you put on this lofty pose about protecting lives .
tr	I	He thought I should get out and he was their friend .
tr	I	They were going to find it , and there was information to be had .
tr	I	I just snapped , but that was all .
tr	O	A rebuttal had been on my lips and it immediately fell off my tongue as my mouth dropped open .
tr	I	He removed a small knife he 'd retrieved from Mrs. Dawson 's kitchen and Helen lifted her left hand .
tr	I	It wasn 't what Elaine needed to hear right then , but it was a complicated answer .
tr	I	Here you are nothing , but you may be a prince where you come from .
tr	O	She tried to swing her legs over the side of the bed but her head spun like a ballerina practicing pirouettes .
tr	I	What she 'd hinted had been enough to shock Eleanor out of her complacency , but she had not gone into detail .
tr	I	It didn 't fit her at all , but she was wearing the same blue suit .
tr	O	I could think of one but I kept it to myself .
tr	O	The door opened and she disappeared onto the fourth floor .
tr	O	One of the footmen had dropped a glove and I picked it up .
tr	I	The kiss knocked her breathless , stole her reason , weakened her knees ... but there was no urgency , no ferocity between them .
tr	I	It 's first come first serve and my promise to mom was first .
tr	O	I hate the prospect of dying and I 'm more afraid than I ever thought I could be .
tr	I	She stands up straight from where she 's been leaning on the sink , and her nostrils flare .
tr	I	At the same time , it 's too real , and it must be .
tr	O	The ground kicked air out of his lungs , and the cloudy sky looked back down .
tr	I	She didn 't , but he expected her to snarl at him again for coming along .
tr	O	We killed two guys last night and God only knows how many civilians .
tr	O	I want a lover and I want a wife .
tr	O	I couldn 't see who it was , but she laughed again .
tr	O	He swings his gaze around to meet mine , and the intensity of the feeling in his eyes almost pushes me away .
tr	I	The whole time he was the one , and I sat next to him for years !
tr	O	We 'd been sitting for twenty minutes without a word , but I wasn 't going to speak .
tr	I	My crimes are my own , but these men here with me are loyal to my cause of justice .
tr	I	I don 't feel any pain , but Chapter Twenty Seven The gun explodes .
tr	O	His gut hurt , but it wasn 't from any physical injury .
tr	I	All of its instincts are bent on breeding , and it 's an adult now .
tr	O	The temperature was higher than it should have been too , but that didn 't last .
tr	O	In reality I had gotten three texts , but I didn 't see the point in telling this to Alice .
tr	O	The bell rang and everybody went back to class .
tr	I	He had no plans to abandon him now , but he was not sure what Raphael was doing .
tr	O	She could tell he was shocked , but he hid it well .
tr	O	With a thud the rugby tackle landed , and Murphy was felled .
tr	O	Negotiations are about to fail , and that 's my final word .
tr	I	Amy was kind of proud of her boss , but Linde didn 't look happy .
tr	O	Roddy guessed , and Alexandra nodded .
tr	O	He 's been a fast learner and he knows about the intuition thing .
tr	O	I could have sat in the reading chair , but I didn 't .
tr	O	I cried out when his touch hit me in just the right spot , and waves of pleasure washed through me .
tr	I	A soft gasp escaped her throat , but she gripped the edge of the countertop .
tr	O	He closed his eyes , hugged his arms to his chest , and he wept .
tr	I	Dismissing his guide , conducted his into the cottage , and she assisted his to dismount .
tr	I	He readily agreed to help out , and I told Owens of my idea .
tr	O	Noelle moved to flee , but it was too late .
tr	I	When they did , above him was a velvet night sky , hung with a billion stars , and Odd 's eyes took moments to adjust .
tr	I	It would be wise to be quiet , and his captain was not to be dissuaded .
tr	I	I could still see it on his face , but some of the sadness from the morning had dissipated .
tr	O	We miss him , too , but he moved away .
tr	O	He scooted back some more , and when the crane left the ground its burning white breast soared an inch from the man 's upturned nose .
tr	O	I thought I could run fast , but they 're a million times better .
tr	O	Charlie 's eyes widened at the tone , and Chad saw the shift in his expression .
tr	I	I looked up to investigate my predicament and I felt the wave of the avalanche dissipate .
tr	I	Chance bounded toward Connie , barking excitedly , and he lowered the pup to the floor .
tr	O	Reece seemed happy with his response and he turned back to the girl .
tr	I	Auron threw his stone gauntlet and Ember dashed towards him again .
tr	I	Case updates treated exactly the same and Information gathered must be communicated instantly .
tr	I	The shade of the mature trees gave them a welcome reprieve from the hot sun and it was a warm morning .
tr	I	He beat me to it , but I started typing a reply .
tr	I	I do not know where he travels and he has left the castle .
tr	O	Maria 's corpse kept burning on the ridge , and nothing I did would put out the fire .
tr	I	That might be months from now , and I couldn 't imagine the rest of my house being habitable until the work was complete .
tr	I	I spun to see who it was , and CHAPTER SEVEN Warm hands gripped my hips .
tr	O	Eventually he would stray , and once he did , it would break her heart .
tr	I	He flashed me another cocky grin , and his gaze zoomed over to me .
tr	O	T was also true she never partook of spirits , but somehow today ale seemed to be the wise choice .
tr	O	Moisture seeped into her clothes , but for a moment , she was too stunned to move .
tr	I	My father refused to listen , but my dowry would have allowed us to live a comfortable life .
tr	I	Her hair seemed tatty and her uniform looked tight .
tr	I	I 've been waiting , and I remember your promise .
tr	I	Her compliments made me a bit self-conscious , but it didn 't sound bad at all .
tr	O	He heads toward his trailer down the street and I go to my room .
tr	O	I could feel my skin prickle , and my head spin as all of the spaghetti that I ate , was going to make a return .
tr	O	He 's convinced he 'll win it , and I 'm not sure he won 't .
tr	I	I thought it would hurt you , but I wanted to tell you what was going on a million times .
tr	I	I took a few steps , and the line moved forward again .
tr	I	She had to be careful about the expenses she incurred , and she didn 't know how long she 'd be in town .
tr	I	This was going to be over in a damn hurry , or I drew a couple of deep breaths to calm myself down .
tr	I	All three became still , like wraiths in the passage , and he touched his ear , then held up his hand .
tr	O	He finds another love , and this time pursues her vigorously .
tr	I	In the midst of the fighting , a howl made him stop , but he marched off .
tr	O	The store is closed on Mondays , except for the holiday weekend , but I 'll call some of the staff to help in the morning .
tr	I	The only thing I could feel for her was pity , but I wanted to hate her for doing this to me .
tr	I	I slide down to a sitting position and I think of the trail of destruction in my wake - my knees weaken .
tr	O	The small club was crowded , and he could 've been watching any of the hungry girls dancing beside me .
tr	I	Then he frowned , and he looked unsure of himself for one split second .
tr	I	She remembered the feel of his lips there and his eyes darted down to her mouth .
tr	I	He could hardly breathe and fear seized his lungs .
tr	O	Yesterday I woke up with such a headache , and I just know it 's in my brain .
tr	I	The plane lurched forward and he gunned the engine .
tr	O	They ceased pushing , and Brian carefully climbed down the ladder until his head was on a level with the underside of the Delta jet 's wing .
tr	O	Soon he realizes he is kissing her neck and she is making little soft low moaning sounds .
tr	I	The afternoon warmed up ever more and the morning 's rain had passed .
tr	I	Theresa was relieved at how well they seemed to get along , and Garrett answered each one patiently .
tr	O	His hands dropped from her face and he moved away from her .
tr	I	He stood his ground , but when he reached the cook with empty hands , his cheeks flamed .
tr	O	I jerked back in surprise , but it was too late .
tr	I	The spaces directly in front of the station were reserved for police cars , and the police station didn 't have a parking lot .
tr	I	Its coat was a silky , silvery gold that shimmered in the shadows , and there was a fifth pup , a bit larger than the others .
tr	I	The tension broke like glass , and the old man had said , laughing .
tr	O	The branch shivered , coiled , and Bryan 's body was limp .
tr	O	He would write a pleasant one back , and the matter would end .
tr	I	I 'd learned to get around that , but he had my life planned out .
tr	O	Jax 's voice was warm , and he stroked soft fingers against my wrist , sending shivers of arousal through my body .
tr	O	It was a steep descent , but they had no choice .
tr	O	The woods had swallowed him up , and the police had passed him by .
tr	O	I tried to pull away , but he clutched my hand tighter .
tr	O	It was almost impossible to see anything outside , but Terry 's best guess was that he was in a moving train .
tr	I	She blinked them away rapidly , but tears rushed to her eyes once more .
tr	O	He staggered to his feet , but the sidewalk shifted beneath him .
tr	O	She had no right to feel relieved that it was a cat he shared his life with , but she was just the same .
tr	O	The water tub was not where I put it , and the sheep were not to be seen .
tr	I	Some could be reversed , but mistakes were always made .
tr	I	My memory ain 't what it used to be , but I hoped I could remember how things were in Pacifica .
tr	O	Preston considered the possibility that Vince might have installed an elaborate security system after Joanie moved out , but it wasn 't likely .
tr	O	He could be awake during the day if his life depended on it , but he was weak , sluggish .
tr	I	Yours is the snow falling and my love is a waterfall .
tr	I	He struck deep with his fangs and his mouth moved to the pulsing vein on her inner thigh .
tr	I	Victory surges through me as I pull myself up , and my hand closes around the branch .
tr	O	I tried to avoid the conversation , but Clarissa was not so easily dissuaded .
tr	O	He looked over at her desk and in the pit of his stomach he felt something was wrong .
tr	I	Lay curled in an uncontrollable flip beneath his ears , and his coppery hair was slicked back from his forehead .
tr	I	I 'll bring Steph , but I can 't stay too long .
tr	O	His head snapped up at her announcement , and his bittersweet chocolate eyes went flinty .
tr	I	Lindsay stepped closer to Carrie , and the two men began a conversation about military life .
tr	I	He felt the zombie 's grip slacken , but Ted could hear nothing over the ringing in his ears .
tr	I	I had both my hands on it , but he tried to point the gun at me .
tr	I	The lack of knowledge made her even more frantic and Dana had no idea what the protocol might be .
tr	O	Simone opened her mouth , but no words came out .
tr	I	The hunter wondered to himself if all these events were somehow related and the memory of the sneering giant eel shimmered in Leo 's mind .
tr	O	I could see the front bumper of my Scout , but that ' was all .
tr	O	The memory of our dates was still fresh to me , and it made my heart race a bit faster .
tr	O	His thrust became uneven and when she reached around to hold his butt , she knew he 'd lost it just as she had .
tr	O	He seemed to share the instinct , but after that first twitchy impulse , I shook my head .
tr	I	I knew fighting was the best way for me to let it out and I had all my emotions bottled up inside .
tr	I	Her teeth chattered and her limbs trembled .
tr	I	The fact was , it was true , but she hated to admit it .
tr	I	My friends go free and I win then me .
tr	O	As I did so , the paper sliced my finger , and a small dot of blood pooled from the tiny cut .
tr	I	I can 't , but he 'd told me to wait to find him .
tr	I	She spent her days being punished and the world was close to ending !
tr	I	It makes my chest hurt and it seems so farfetched when I think about it .
tr	O	A huge grin came to my face and I looked over at my mother to flash her a smile of true appreciation .
tr	O	She stepped back in fear , but then he turned away , leaving the way wide open for her to make a quick exit .
tr	O	It was only early afternoon and I could be there soon .
tr	I	I don 't take the time to listen , but I hear Sophia on her cell phone behind me .
tr	O	He grabs my hand and we continue walking .
tr	O	He seemed at ease in the dark , but my heart was racing .
tr	O	She looked beautiful as always , but there was a hint of sadness in her face .
tr	O	I didn 't hear Walker approaching , but I heard him laugh .
tr	O	She had been in a storm , a whirling , turbulent storm , but she had made it safely home .
tr	O	We kept chickens back home in Kentucky , but instead of carting them to Florida , Mom swore we 'd invest in new ones once we settled .
tr	O	It seemed to him that he should , but he hadn 't felt it yet .
tr	O	The raid had been meticulously planned , and the execution was one of the many fables that built up the legend of Detective Chief Inspector David Morton .
tr	I	Her legs were still weak , but Iona knew she should fight .
tr	O	She reached for her other dagger , but he caught that wrist , too .
tr	O	She holds up a trash bag for me and I drop the blanket inside .
tr	I	All she wanted to do was go back to what they were doing , and Peter hesitated .
tr	O	Buck kept that arm around me in moral support but he said nothing because there was nothing to say .
tr	I	He didn 't pull away either , but he certainly didn 't respond .
tr	I	I wanted to know more , and the more people who knew , the harder it would be to keep it from David .
tr	I	It wiped the sassy grin right off her face , and it was the last thing she expected .
tr	O	He talked to the waitress and she pointed toward us .
tr	I	She 'd always stopped me , but I 'd tried all of those things .
tr	O	They got in an argument , and then Joey threw a punch .
tr	I	His arms clamped around me , but I tried to get up .
tr	I	It was clear he knew he was licked , but Bax regarded the ostriches with a smoldering look .
tr	I	She 's already under a lot of stress and their daughter is a busy state police investigator .
tr	I	She didn 't like that particular witch anyway , but Rhiannon knew she had landed on her .
tr	O	A captain sprang to his feet , and without the usual courtesy he spoke flippantly .
tr	I	She couldn 't take her eyes off him , but Ava sat watching him read , disregarding the awkwardness of her staring .
tr	I	Those crossroads met at other crossroads , and the other occupants appeared out of other tunnels that met at crossroads .
tr	O	The Blind King rose politely , and Jason awkwardly followed his lead .
tr	O	You get into a fight and you 're going to get kicked out .
tr	I	It was going to be the death of me - and I was in her element now .
tr	I	Still , the light was less than pleasant , but he wasn 't as hungover as Terry was .
tr	O	She touched the flowers in order to remove them , but under her touch the dead flowers had become ash .
tr	I	Nikki knew there was a lot more than just promises being sold in the private rooms and Mack tried to keep the girls in line .
tr	I	She groaned again , and her chest still hurt , though .
tr	I	Days to come and days gone by .
tr	O	They were dressed like hunters , but their weapons were for killing men .
tr	I	The man shrugged him off , but Nick grabbed Owen 's shoulder .
tr	O	I stopped right before my lips touched his , and I could see the humor in his eyes .
tr	I	She was sure it was hopeless , but Ann was on 911 .
tr	O	The alarm rang , and the tinny sound echoed around the room , startling them both .
tr	I	Everyone knew Ellis had meant it to be that way , and he 'd been the one to find Ellis .
tr	O	Once I composed myself , I got dressed and we headed up to the penthouse .
tr	O	Just then the train entered a tunnel and in the darkness the dejection felt even heavier .
tr	I	It was easy for her to see the images in her minds eye and the pulsing sound was much slower now .
tr	O	He grins wickedly , and I know he 's thinking of my predilection for all things strawberry .
tr	I	Now that we had come to an understanding , all that was left was an awkward silence , and we had never been civil to each other .
tr	O	She seemed too shocked to speak , and he shook his head in disgust .
tr	I	I shivered and goose bumps appeared .
tr	O	He took a step toward me , and his hands rested on my shoulders .
tr	I	He 'd have to haul Grace up over his shoulder , and his men would have to lower him over by rope .
tr	I	She held back from accepting the diamond , yet the thought ran through her mind .
tr	I	That would be way too easy , but she thought of suggesting he use her first name .
tr	I	Then she remembered telling him it was the scare that had made her sick , but at first she didn 't understand what he meant .
tr	I	They didn 't look right either , but his teeth weren 't exactly pointed .
tr	I	She doesn 't smile , and she watches me with still , dead eyes .
tr	O	I barely knocked her out of the way in time and the car was gone when I looked up to try to see the license plate .
tr	O	He reached for her , but she jerked out of his grasp .
tr	I	Here she was sound asleep in his bed , but when he first woke up he thought he dreamed it all .
tr	O	You might not feel hungry , but you should eat something anyway .
tr	O	I 'm surprised by his simple remark and I miss a beat before I respond .
tr	O	Their eyes met and Jim nodded once .
tr	I	It looks like he wants to , but he doesn 't say anything .
tr	O	Chris watched Billy use a long stick to shove something inside the cannons , and then a gunner named Richards set fire to them .
tr	O	Ink didn 't want to think about the old guy at the cabin , but L.J. brought it up all the time .
tr	O	A wave of heat swept over her and she recoiled , staring back at the girl .
tr	I	Every day she was getting shot at , dodging IEDs , changing in ways he couldn 't imagine , and she was so far away .
tr	O	His Rugby Zombies trilogy ( Gomer Press ) is a big hit with young readers and he is a director of Firefly Press .
tr	O	She 'd asked them repeatedly if they would prefer another decorator from Ross 's business , and they 'd insisted she was their first choice .
tr	I	He moved forward and I moved back .
tr	O	We got to the front of the cafe and I held the door open for him .
tr	I	I still found it entertaining , but it was kind of gross .
tr	I	Considering everything that had happened it didn 't surprise me , but I 'd never heard him this upset before .
tr	I	I wished he had lingered for just a moment longer , but he released it almost immediately .
tr	I	He nodded and she murmured .
tr	I	I sat there blubbering like a baby and tears began to fall down my face .
tr	I	Of course there wasn 't one , but I glanced around for a weapon .
tr	I	They had the oddest collection in the shire , and the Franciscans loved their animals dear .
tr	I	His body drags with me , and I clutch Ryan 's shirt .
tr	I	Now when anyone wrapped their warm arms around her it reminded her of how cold she was , but she used to be a hugger .
tr	O	I could come as easily as drawing my next breath , but he hadn 't said so .
tr	O	True , they were both after the same thing right now , but that didn 't quell the unease roiling inside him .
tr	O	The symbols weren 't like anything I 'd seen before , but they looked kind of like hieroglyphics .
tr	I	He turned around sharply , his momentum carrying him backward and one foot dug into the ground in front of him .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure how much of that I actually believed , but it was what had come out .
tr	I	With gentle care , respecting the age of the canvas , he rolled it wide for all to see , and Rasputin leaned closer .
tr	O	The veil of secrecy clouded the booth like a drape , and he was trying to sweep the curtains open .
tr	I	We still hadn 't had our shining moment , but I 'd been ready for a while now .
tr	I	She blinked them away and they pricked her eyelids .
tr	O	Tara pointed to a spot at the stern of the ship and the girls made their way towards it .
tr	I	I can 't stop , but he 's not coming after me .
tr	I	She needed to be able to defend herself , but Balthazar would always be the best at kicking ass when necessary .
tr	I	She pulls me to my feet and I take it .
tr	I	Then she fastens the button , and she slips on a pair of jeans , shimmying them up to her hips .
tr	O	You should know and with the so called meeting coming tonight this might be your last chance .
tr	O	He bats at her fingers , but he 's playing .
tr	I	A bizarre one began to play in my head like a horror movie shortly thereafter and I was in dreamland as well .
tr	I	In the meantime I was going to make sure no one ever came looking for you , but I 'd take you on as an apprentice .
tr	O	King Ignis frowned and his eyes narrowed .
tr	I	For some reason she felt a stab of pain in her chest and slowly realisation dawned .
tr	O	The scent of fresh , hot caffeine permeated the air around me and I instantly took a step forward to inhale a good whiff .
tr	O	The sergeant had been one of the four soldiers that Laura had been sent to find and he was now the ranking officer within the Wolf Company .
tr	O	His eyes fluttered shut and his head lowered , as though it could no longer bear the weight of being .
tr	I	My legs uncomfortably began to tremble , and it was an erotic stare down .
tr	I	They weren 't helping anything , and the tears were coming harder .
tr	O	Poe dislodged a blanket and she peered beneath it .
tr	I	This was the first time he admitted it to anyone , but he always knew the answer to the question she asked .
tr	O	I raise the camera back up and he appears on the screen again .
tr	O	I know it was a petty thought , but Lyons was the only true friend that I had , other than Owens , in this forsaken place .
tr	I	He drank it anyhow but his coffee was cold .
tr	O	She 's been waiting for some type of answers and she doesn 't think she can wait anymore .
tr	I	When we were out of earshot from the Hotel , I caught up with her and I followed her .
tr	I	I was already cringing , thinking of how Mom would react to there being a witness , and she 'd bolted when she saw me .
tr	I	It took Herr 'D on many long moments to break through the web , and the inside of the hole was also covered in vines .
tr	O	It was a cute sound and she looked cute doing it .
tr	O	He turned a little to face me , and he reached over to take my hand .
tr	I	That didn 't matter , she could launch right through the door , into the driver , but the tour bus door had closed .
tr	I	The animal 's tracks were easy to follow and the ground was soft from a recent rain .
tr	I	Dana 's mouth immediately started watering at the sight of food and a knock on the door revealed a man with a tray .
tr	I	The motorcycle took off like a rocket , and Bex pumped his wrist .
tr	O	I couldn 't believe I was doing this myself , but something about the image of her walking away from me had snapped something inside .
tr	I	I knew we only had a few seconds left to cover his naked penis and I had noticed a couple walking towards us .
tr	I	She was so warm , here in her nest , but perhaps she should replenish it .
tr	O	Amy stopped speaking and it was quiet .
tr	O	The thought of it made her livid and it reminded her of her own mother .
tr	I	Sadie tucks herself behind her counter and we all stand up .
tr	O	Only one end is blackened charcoal but that 's exactly what I want .
tr	O	Skyla 's torso starts in on a slow gyration , and I secure my arms over her .
tr	I	She 'd figure it out later , but lord , she didn 't know .
tr	O	Victory seems near , but the top officer doesn 't feel at ease .
tr	O	Puck followed close behind , his worried gaze at my back , but he didn 't stop me a second time .
tr	I	He didn 't feel the least bit tetchy , but he wasn 't sure whether he should be annoyed .
tr	O	Now I am a free man , but what I am is not important .
tr	O	I caught a shadow swooping across the mirror , but its owner was in the act of departure .
tr	I	I did smile , but I was too miserable to laugh .
tr	O	A weird kind of tension filled the room and it made me wonder if the happy couple had been fighting earlier .
tr	I	Her eyes avoided his , and Mercy 's head drooped .
tr	I	Yet another part was the letter she 'd received earlier that day , and another part was the horrifying dream she had had the night before .
tr	I	Something snagged in her hair , but Mary took a step forward .
tr	I	Tonight she just wanted to hug him , but there was definitely something about the man .
tr	I	My eyes grew heavy , and he touched my arm .
tr	I	It nestled against me , and I stroked its side .
tr	I	We can 't wait here for him and Ali will be a few more minutes .
tr	O	The planet is environmentally sound and it is illegal to eat meat .
tr	I	They were escalating at an alarming rate , and only her emotions were on the move .
tr	O	She quickly got up out of the chair to leave the room and I got up , too .
tr	O	He grinned like he had caught me , and he leaned forward ( did I mention his teeth were black like his skin ? ) .
tr	I	They piled outside and Quinn pushed the door open .
tr	I	Her heart broke to think she might not get a chance to , and she 'd never been so eager to simply live .
tr	O	That explosion was enough to get Bastille free from her grapplers , but her sword had been knocked far away .
tr	I	A walkway made out of more hedging , and there was a gap in the foliage .
tr	I	Some sailor was guarding the entrance against possible stowaways , and a separate gangplank was being used by the crew .
tr	I	I 'm afraid it won 't be enough , but that 's helpful .
tr	O	Parker stopped and I turned my head , my heart pounding when I came face-to-face with Jax .
tr	I	My heart melted with compassion , and I looked into her hungry green eyes for a second .
tr	I	Katie kind of liked it , but I thought it looked ridiculous .
tr	O	My dick springs to life , pressing into her and she smiles in satisfaction .
tr	O	I was strutting towards the elevator when it dinged open all by itself and Tracy exited .
tr	I	I won 't , but I can tell he wants to argue with me until I give in .
tr	O	I tried to join him , but my body wouldn 't cooperate .
tr	I	I assumed Daniel was getting up and I heard a chair move inside .
tr	O	The porch lights were off at the Caputo home , but there were a few lights coming from the bedrooms .
tr	O	He didn 't know a great deal about how the biology of it worked , but he certainly understood the intentions of it .
tr	O	I got really good reviews , but it was so boring .
tr	I	Only now do I see something so obvious that it should have hit me immediately , and I look over .
tr	I	I didn 't say a word , but they had given me an old hag who had seen better days .
tr	I	He had abandoned her , and they had trusted him to look after their daughter .
tr	O	Let him live and please protect my little boy .
tr	I	He closed the door behind him , and Iain was the last one in .
tr	O	I looked at her weird and she sighed , then explained .
tr	I	Her face lit up and she nodded at the bus .
tr	I	John Taylor 's queen had just arrived , and every woman is a queen to someone .
tr	I	In his panic , he tripped , but Leon attempted to turn .
tr	I	The cruiser was parked in the driveway and the porch light was on .
tr	O	The Inquisition can be fickle and it 's wise not to give them an excuse to pick you up for loitering .
tr	I	We wanted desperately to spend the day together , and neither of us was scheduled to work .
tr	I	Stephen rarely had any clients at night anymore , and it was night time .
tr	I	I 've lost two games of Charm by the time March appears , and it 's nearly nightfall .
tr	I	They no longer can shift , but they carry the gene .
tr	I	It 's moved to somewhere in California now , but until last month it was based in Orlando in Florida .
tr	I	They are not what they seem , but they are affiliated with your camp .
tr	I	I spread some onto my roll , and there is a small tub of butter tucked into the wicker basket .
tr	O	He knows the history , but we angels do not .
tr	O	It made me sick to think of it , and he wasn 't even my child .
tr	I	He didn 't have to worry , but I imagined he thought I wouldn 't try to get away if the Bronco was moving .
tr	O	They were running out of time , and I was running out of power .
tr	I	It made her seem fragile , yet it infuriated me .
tr	O	A voice in the back of the Prince 's head told him not to enter ... but he ignored it .
tr	O	Something struck her hard on the shoulder , and she fell forward , sprawling on the cluttered floor .
tr	I	He picks up on the first ring , and I put a quick call into Jones .
tr	O	There was a convenience store adjacent and a grocer 's up the street .
tr	O	Cold was the breeze and the ambiance was joyful .
tr	I	I offered to take her , and mom had an appointment at the clinic .
tr	O	They 're like ice , but I kiss him anyway .
tr	O	He started to lift me again , but I shook my head .
tr	O	I was most definitely intruding , and the guilt made me cautious , even though no one else was there .
tr	I	Then she 'd be trapped , but looked like the bathroom might be the closest door .
tr	I	She didn 't care who knew it , and she was , after all , head over heels in love with him .
tr	I	Abraham caught her before she fell to the ground , and her armor rattled as her head bobbed .
tr	I	It wasn 't Friend , but Renton feared the worst .
tr	O	I was trying to recover , but my chest remained tight .
tr	I	It was completely blocked by snow , but there was .
tr	I	They both started to laugh and Matt looked over at Derek .
tr	I	There had been no attack from the Germans , which set my teeth on edge and about ten minutes had past .
tr	I	I kept my eyes shut , hoping she 'd go away , but she whispered my name .
tr	O	I called after her , but it was too late .
tr	I	Then the line goes silent , and there 's a rustling on the other end .
tr	O	I narrowed my eyes at him , but his mischievous grin was contagious .
tr	I	I 'm full of doubts but I wish I could be positive about my decision .
tr	O	Trenton immediately stopped , breathing hard , and Clay retreated quickly to his shiny black truck .
tr	I	I went with his rhythm , and his thumb rubbed my clit .
tr	O	They did not prey on humans , and they did not mate with outsiders .
tr	I	We could do it , but it tired us both out .
tr	I	He smiled , crossing his arms and he were at the mouth of the cave .
tr	I	She looked even worse than she did the previous eve and she never said a word to anyone .
tr	O	She was just her , and that was all that mattered .
tr	I	The engine makes these clinking noises and the radio plays peacefully in the background .
tr	O	Her eyes glittered with tears , and she took a deep breath .
tr	O	His tongue soothed the area , drawing out her pleasure ; but then , suddenly , he was gone .
tr	I	The runes of my staff began to burn with Hellfire again , but I don 't remember consciously doing it .
tr	O	She rolled her eyes and I laughed .
tr	O	He sipped his wine again , and his eyes glittered at her over the rim of the glass .
tr	I	On the other hand , there was really no harm in talking about it either , but she really didn 't want to talk about it .
tr	O	He wanted her , but that wasn 't the same thing .
tr	O	She can feel his gaze on her , and she doesn 't want to meet it .
tr	O	The Baron couldn 't argue with her logic , not really but he also felt like he detected a certain glee creep into her tone .
tr	O	Jiao nodded and Horacio left the bridge .
tr	O	The captain fanned his fingers out from his left palm and the rest of the squad sealed off the studio area .
tr	I	I haven 't been sleeping well , and it has been a rough week .
tr	I	She supposed she could do more sight seeing , but she had no idea what to do with herself .
tr	O	I guess there was another douchebag at the bar , and this dealer didn 't exactly have the best reputation .
tr	O	Cowboy was last in line , and when Pearl smiled at him , I thought he was going to spit on her .
tr	I	Its familiarity continued to resonate in Randi 's mind , but the voice said nothing .
tr	I	Cale just kept shifting it out of her reach , but she had been grabbing at the coat as she spoke .
tr	I	They always have their own agenda , which nobody except you can break in on , but they 'll be nice enough .
tr	O	Yes , it 'll hurt , but I 've got your arm .
tr	I	The inner lid was a dark purple and her brow was highlighted with shimmering white .
tr	O	She realised that this would anyway be too much for just one person but she thought she could have the left overs for lunch the day after .
tr	O	His men had intercepted several foot scouts , and that meant dozens hadn 't been caught .
tr	I	The sour stench was nearly unbearable , but brontes didn 't want to waste too much power cleansing the air of the odor .
tr	I	The water in the glass was frozen solid , and there were ice crystals on his food .
tr	I	She let me go and I patted her back .
tr	I	Time is renowned for keeping all the juicy gossip to itself , but only time could tell how the group would gel .
tr	I	I could breathe a sigh of relief and it was enough to tide me over until two .
tr	O	Posy looked confused and I felt bad .
tr	I	Eleanor sensed that Beth 's anxiousness was more for Hart than for her absent husband , and she looked worriedly at Hart .
tr	I	The cops had all gathered around suite 706 , and they were on the top floor of the hotel .
tr	O	I wanted to shout , but I could only shake my head .
tr	I	Government officials were robbed and Peasants were struck down in the streets .
tr	O	Fear poured off of her in waves , and I licked my lips .
tr	I	He once again disappeared and I handed him mine .
tr	O	As it was , she was stuck and she knew it .
tr	I	He was nowhere near convinced they 'd meet the deadline but Jason knew she was determined to finish in time .
tr	I	She still got on well with her aunt , and her uncle wasn 't such a bad sort .
tr	I	She couldn 't help the smile pulling up the corners of her mouth , but Tequila kept quiet .
tr	O	His hard body was right there in front of her , as though it had sprouted up from the earth , and she ran right into him .
tr	I	She shrieked even louder as her flesh burned , and they hit the witch square in the chest .
tr	O	I got the feeling she wanted Wren to reassure her , to tell her we were safe and she could relax .
tr	O	He wanted to call the police , but something was stopping him .
tr	I	I wasn 't in the mood , but I knew she was only teasing .
tr	O	I scowl at him , and he nods toward the bedroom .
tr	I	Soft flannel brushed my bare legs , and his knee rose under the covers .
tr	O	The editor was making indirect remarks on him and he was shocked that the sales head had clearly shifted his loyalties to his rival .
tr	O	I tell you how I wanted him to suffer more and it is you that soothes me .
tr	I	I know you know that , but I 'm doing my best to wrap this case up .
tr	O	She placed his hand around her waist and Evie noticed Tony step forward - like he was going to break them up .
tr	I	A scream of pain tore from her , and Never before had something like this happened .
tr	O	Her reputation had grown over the years , and by now , he would know there was a pureblood female shifter wreaking havoc with his plans .
tr	O	I heard a sharp crackling , and when I opened my eyes , the splinter was fixed .
tr	O	Haven started forward but Dormer pulled her back .
tr	O	Suzanna tore it open and both of them read .
tr	O	Smaller explosions trail in our wake , but they don 't touch the ship .
tr	I	My face must 've shown it , because Cole pressed , and a memory instantly popped into my mind .
tr	O	Tears began to trickle down the older woman 's face and she brushed at them absently .
tr	O	I didn 't answer , and he fell silent again .
tr	O	Ty was smiling , but it didn 't reach his eyes .
tr	O	It didn 't make much sense , but he didn 't care .
tr	O	He brings his hand down and I notice that his nails are all painted black .
tr	I	I came up empty , but taking a deep breath , I tried to remember the last time I 'd felt this way after sex .
tr	I	Now , it looked like she 'd just left him to face his nightmare without her , but she 'd just wanted to protect him .
tr	I	The blackouts continued , but Benson did this .
tr	O	She didn 't want to know , but she wanted it to go away .
tr	O	Tegan handed me her supplies and I crept over to where Fade sat , propped against the wall .
tr	I	I imagined this was the sensation an amputee might endure when first walking on a prosthetic appendage , and I could feel nothing below the knees .
tr	I	It 's really important and I need to talk to you about something .
tr	I	The doors slid open , and a soft ding sounded .
tr	O	Light flashed across the ground and I heard intense voices talking .
tr	I	I thought he was just nuts and he 's been telling us all along about a boat .
tr	I	I constantly wonder if my shoes really match my outfit , but the other makes my face look great .
tr	O	Morton could have tried to push this advantage , but he changed tack , seeking to unnerve Edwin .
tr	O	He was in the worst places possible , and I couldn 't stop thinking about him .
tr	I	I was being consumed but I gave back the best I could .
tr	O	She looked at me through her eyelashes and it was one of the sexiest things I 'd seen .
tr	I	What I 'd done ... and I still hated myself .
tr	O	We slip through it and I find that it 's bigger than it looks ; more than wide enough to let a person slide through .
tr	O	He wrapped himself in the tarp like a shield , and then , with a guttural yell , he charged .
tr	O	I look at Ryan , and he 's still normal .
tr	I	I knew I had to be careful , but I didn 't know .
tr	O	Students laugh at me , and I 'm certain I 'm not being just paranoid .
tr	I	He could do no wrong in her eyes and her mother loved the boy .
tr	I	After dinner , Charlie got an idea but there was just no cheering Amy up .
tr	I	She wasn 't as unaffected as she wanted to appear , but she sat perfectly still as he slid that strap up .
tr	O	The mist looks like it is slashing at the bridge and the bridge begins to rock .
tr	I	He didn 't seem to care and she didn 't respond .
tr	I	I didn 't think I would have anyway , but I didn 't have time to move away .
tr	I	I went to the floor and my knees buckled .
tr	O	Maggie blew her whistle , and the rest of the team sat up .
tr	I	Yet it wasn 't , and it was all too much .
tr	I	This simple comforting embrace is a balm for my battered soul , but there 's no question of things going any further between us now .
tr	O	They move their arms and most of the Detachment is launched skyward .
tr	I	Mark floored the accelerator and it dove into it .
tr	I	We both followed , and Jeff swallowed the remaining inch of his orange juice , then put the empty tumbler back on the table .
tr	I	The evil spirit inside her makes her want to control people , and she told me that she 's infected with an evil spirit .
tr	I	He jerked his eyes open , and something brushed Cameron 's thigh .
tr	I	Nick went quiet , waiting and she put up one hand .
tr	I	That was strange , and he 'd almost forgotten about Mike .
tr	O	The other man , I assume was Bentley , went to grab her and she sent him confusion also .
tr	O	The windows need to be closed and the shutters latched from the inside .
tr	I	She nodded to me and I went in .
tr	I	The one in the front had a large sword drawn and many of them were holding bows .
tr	O	I already felt quite biased , but now I knew Jenn was a bitch .
tr	O	I 'll have a cuppa thanks , and a sandwich wouldn 't go amiss .
tr	O	James 's fingers slide down to take my hand again , and he nods like he 's asking me to trust him .
tr	I	I plan to drive Emily to her graduation in a 1998 Toyota Corolla , and I purchased my very first car this morning .
tr	O	Her tone made me look up , and something passed between us .
tr	O	Only Jonah existed in this new universe , yet Francesca felt that everything was finally as it should be .
tr	I	Together like two frightened lambs they crept down the alley to the big garbage bin , and he tightened his grip on Shorty 's shoulder .
tr	I	He figured it was no harm to follow him when Raphael moved , but he didn 't know what Raphael was casting an eyeball at .
tr	I	This might raise her spirits , but Camille was looking a bit disenchanted .
tr	O	I practically chased her into this guy 's arms , but he doesn 't have a thing to offer her .
tr	O	I haven 't had it in years and I wasn 't about to start now .
tr	I	His arm is warm and the breeze is chilly .
tr	O	I felt the warm down my throat and spreading through my body .
tr	O	The faintest calm seeped through my veins , and I slowly blew it toward the sky .
tr	O	I told him that I could not explain it -- but I knew that marrying me would his life was in danger .
tr	O	Janelle imagined telling her father about the woman , but each time she did , she felt as if something hadn 't agreed with her .
tr	I	It settled right down , and the busboy reached up to soothe the monkey .
tr	O	Olivia saw the confusion on Jack and Beverly 's faces .
tr	I	Now they have escaped our trap , but Parliament 's little rebellion had seemed sure to fall !
tr	O	A shadow flickered across his eyes , but it was gone in a heartbeat .
tr	I	I was eager to cool off , and it felt like a thousand degrees .
tr	O	Her heart nearly stopped and the blood drained from her face .
tr	O	Andrew never knew about the chit , and I wasn 't about to tell him .
tr	O	He started for the door , but the moment he reached it , it locked in his face .
tr	I	He set down the bottle just as he was about to take another swig and Travis 's eyes narrowed .
tr	I	A quilt fair , and we have a big rodeo .
tr	I	We are hopeful it will happen anytime now , but it 's only been a couple of months .
tr	I	I 'm here now and all that matters is we 're here now .
tr	O	Your brother took my blood in the middle of your living room and there 's no trace that it ever happened .
tr	I	He still could barely see , but the air had brightened slightly .
tr	I	I realized why vampires hated animal blood and it tasted unbearably sour .
tr	O	You probably don 't know this , but I have bipolar disorder too .
tr	O	He didn 't want her around his family , and he was right to protect them from her .
tr	O	There are infinite shades of one 's consciousness , which one can decipher and it is like digging them from the land of one 's consciousness .
tr	O	We offered ber two chocolate biscuits and the other twin immediately came running .
tr	O	She wanted to ask his forgiveness for allowing this to happen , but the light that was Shea was already positioning herself over Raven .
tr	O	Ashley fell back against her seat , and Lance leaned forward , a scowl of indignation on his face .
tr	O	Daniel Mackenzie blazed into the room , followed by McNab and the hound called Ruby .
tr	O	It 's not like I 'd tell him Jack and I have already been to third base together .
tr	O	They did ask right off about the Man Wolf attack at the house , with the same old questions and Reuben gave them the same old answers .
tr	I	They had sapped him of much-needed strength , but the bullets alone might not kill him .
tr	O	I wanted us to come at the same time , and I was trying like hell to hold off my orgasm .
tr	I	She 'd probably win the lottery , and yeah .
tr	I	There 's a feeling that comes when two halves of a girl 's world collide , but Macey opened her mouth , started to speak .
tr	I	Priests don 't make very good rulers , and it 'd put the priests in command of the nation .
tr	I	He wants to check on the status , and the plant had some problems last night .
tr	O	Following that moment of relaxation came a rush of energy and I felt like I was soaring up , up , up to the stars .
tr	O	Warning lights flashed , and a siren whooped .
tr	I	The hallway light was back on , and later that night I woke again .
tr	O	She brushed the hair back from my forehead and her touch was warm .
tr	O	Ava lingered behind us , and I didn 't blame her .
tr	O	It hurts , but I understand .
tr	I	He decided he 'd find out later , and it must have meant something to her .
tr	I	I was probably even happier than they were , but I shouldn 't admit it .
tr	I	My heart was breaking and he was crying now .
tr	O	Her hand is on his chest and he doesn 't push it away .
tr	O	The coins will all be gone in a few hours and it is up to him to make sure some evidence of their existence remains .
tr	O	It looks like he 's scanning the wall ... but why would he do that ?
tr	I	He shut off the bike , and we turned into the parking lot .
tr	I	I didn 't deserve her bullshit but Maybe Ada really did care about Hunter 's well-being .
tr	I	Her body felt heavy , throbbed for release and her breasts ached .
tr	I	Fate has interwoven their paths too many times for her to dismiss the notion as coincidence any longer , but it has always been an impossible love .
tr	O	He was too far away , but even the imagined scent was enough to dredge up a long-buried memory .
tr	O	It didn 't feel like she was healing , but maybe the blood loss had just made her weak .
tr	O	His voice was almost a howl and he had risen to his feet .
tr	I	I can only let my mind race thinking about what she means and my heart drops into my knees .
tr	O	He tried to blame it on the demon inside him , but he knew that the man was thinking the same thing .
tr	I	She turned her head , presenting her cheek , but outside , Nick leaned in to kiss Ginny .
tr	O	I smiled at him and he returned the smile .
tr	O	The trail looks well maintained but it 's quiet .
tr	O	She had set up a feed to capture all the news about it and we had all caught her checking it in secret .
tr	I	Then their gazes darted briefly toward Julian , and everyone stared at her in stunned silence .
tr	I	She really loved seeing him , but it was lame of her .
tr	O	I realized I was holding my breath , and when I expelled it , I saw it was no longer white with frost .
tr	O	The wildness grew in him , rushed through him , and he welcomed it .
tr	O	Tim Mason delivered the eulogy after all , but Sarah heard very little of the service .
tr	I	Selena looked at her companion with relief , and Mother nodded .
tr	I	I knew the answer to his question , but he always made me feel breathless .
tr	O	Some of the rocks are glowing red , and others have melted into pools of lava .
tr	O	Finally she closed her eyes and Evie was relieved that her mother was going to sleep .
tr	I	Raoul barely managed to keep himself silent , and Faust cried aloud .
tr	I	Jenny turned and Dee pointed .
tr	O	A look of confusion crossed both their faces , but I wasn 't really paying attention to them .
tr	O	He pauses , looking into my eyes , and then begins to move forward .
tr	I	Then his eyes narrowed as he turned back to Edward , and Charlie swallowed loudly .
tr	O	Tears were threatening to fall and I wanted to turn away from him , because I didn 't want him to see how he had affected me .
tr	O	The others agreed and she continued reading .
tr	I	He moved with a stiffness showing the increasing pain he felt and his skin had a reddish hue .
tr	O	I know this is what he needs , and the deepness of his kiss that tugs on my lower stomach muscles proves me right .
tr	O	Denny blinked at me in confusion , and what looked a little like disappointment .
tr	O	I was sure I could lose the tail , and he wouldn 't be able to resist following .
tr	I	His eyes looked delighted and he had scruffy hair .
tr	O	Rachel hated that expression , yet her father used it all the time .
tr	I	Leathery pincers became one indistinguishable mass , and fangs , furred paws , mandibles .
tr	I	He couldn 't let her go and Chase had been crushed .
tr	O	They had cleared almost all of the sod now , and some of the boys had started at the dirt beneath .
tr	O	It was a sinkhole of a colony and Hartley put a lot of creative effort into getting off it .
tr	I	She was careful not to outshine the other women present , but Isabella 's dark blue satin ball gown was elegance itself .
tr	O	There was a picnic basket next to me , and other people were scattered around the grass enjoying themselves .
tr	I	I lean against his palm , embracing his touch , and he cups my cheek .
tr	O	I 'd been getting better , but I 'd just fallen back into my old habits .
tr	O	She loved the way his magic voice roughened and his eyes went from ice to a blaze when he looked at her .
tr	O	A trail of shuttle pieces littered the ground between us , and the Reboots around us were laughing , talking excitedly .
tr	O	He turns to make sure my father is gone , and then , as predicted , he reaches for it .
tr	O	He 's not exactly shy about his work , but his story is that he 's a bit player .
tr	O	He 'd done whatever he wanted whenever he wanted and I 'd just been there sitting on the sidelines .
tr	I	I resisted the urge to cover my own ears to block out the horrible sound and her shrill shrieks filled the air .
tr	I	Within two minutes he was asleep , and at the first touch she felt him begin to relax .
tr	I	He 'd raised the corpses in the morgue , and over the years he 'd learned to control his ability to raise the dead .
tr	O	It was too far away to see it and if there was smoke we couldn 't see it in the dark of the night .
tr	I	I woke up and well the dream was scary .
tr	O	What happened was intense , but it was partially my fault .
tr	O	It didn 't look as if the woods were going to end , but they would soon .
tr	O	It had been a memorable day in every respect , but more was to come in the next few weeks .
tr	I	Allan nodded , and Sandy pressed .
tr	I	He needed somewhere quiet to think , but Amy would be wondering what he was doing home so early in the day .
tr	I	He must have read the pain in her eyes , but she didn 't say anything .
tr	I	Being home had revived me a little , but I was tired before we 'd arrived .
tr	O	Couple minutes passed , and I noticed Bridge was nowhere to be seen .
tr	I	Somehow she believed James , but her memory of the last few hours was foggy .
tr	O	He had finished the last of the apples the week before , but he liked the apple tree as a place to think .
tr	I	Laughter came from the living room , and every single light was on downstairs .
tr	O	She moved to the side , and he could see that she was leaning against a closed door .
tr	I	When I thought everyone was ready , we began backing out the way we 'd come , and I wrapped Tony 's hand .
tr	I	Nothing changed , but it should exist a way to solve this problem .
tr	O	A family of three ran through the street , bags swinging , and I did a double take .
tr	O	It had been her idea to seek sanctuary there , and she had been close to Abbot Baum as well .
tr	O	She scowled at me and I sighed as I moved around her to scrub off the blood .
tr	I	She took the brunt of the consequences and he had asked her to do this .
tr	I	You know it and because I was here the night Walter was murdered .
tr	I	Iona kept up her glare , but he felt her fear reaction .
tr	O	Charles looked at me and I shook my head .
tr	O	It was too dark for her to see more than the faint outline of his shape , but she swore she could feel his smile .
tr	O	His smile deepened , damn him , and she stomped her foot .
tr	O	The Colonel 's body shuddered , and he shook his head .
tr	I	They gave each other sympathetic looks , and he passed a couple of men trailing their wives .
tr	O	Look , make yourself comfy , let me take your jacket , and I 'll fix us a nice drink , your favourite .
tr	I	It was leather , and it was black .
tr	O	This is the only place they can get on , and they have to climb up again .
tr	O	It was getting close to evening and the temperature was beginning to drop .
tr	I	The traffic was heavy and the weather was hot .
tr	O	Sabra went to bed , but the others met up in the spare room .
tr	I	His shoulders drooped and his brow furrowed .
tr	I	As long as she was touching him , he felt a semblance of control and the unrelenting hunger lessened .
tr	O	She belongs to me , and I belong to her .
tr	I	I saw the most bizarre thing I had ever seen and I looked up from the flattened door .
tr	O	His eyes begged her to , yet his face drew tight with pain .
tr	O	I frosted the window so fast it shook , and she opened it to thrust her head outside .
tr	I	I realized it was Lord Soren breathing , and something gurgled , whistling .
tr	O	They even had the remote control but she wasn ´ t going to say that .
tr	I	I fought to face Selene , but his arm pulled me back .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure what they were planning to do to him , but I didn 't ask .
tr	I	The two dogs kept fighting and the ax didn 't work .
tr	O	Clara smiled at me , and I nodded in agreement .
tr	O	Which should make them easy to hate , but they 're all so nice .
tr	O	Finn 's green eyes narrowed , and he slowly , carefully , quietly examined the body from head to toe .
tr	I	What sounded like footsteps , and more rustling came .
tr	I	Although Juni escaped , they killed her conspirators , and he turned the tables on their foes .
tr	O	Howard intended to exact retribution , but this new information required patience .
tr	I	He 'll see for himself and you can bring him through .
tr	O	His first day out a fog rolled in and Noah could see only a few steps ahead so he walked slowly , reverently .
tr	I	He refused to make eye contact , but this Raoul guy glanced at me .
tr	O	A sailor at the helm wildly spun the tiller , and the ship turned toward the rocks .
tr	O	Hannah felt the hope sink inside her , and it was more painful than not having had it at all .
tr	O	He gestured for me to sit down on the grass , but I refused , standing with my arms crossed .
tr	O	He 'd described his childhood to her , but it was much worse for her to actually see it for herself .
tr	O	Australia Day is a national celebration but the day isn 't without it detractors .
tr	O	She certainly wouldn 't mind , but seeing how proprietary he became with her around other men was also thrilling .
tr	I	I tried to catch my breath , and tears sprang up in my eyes .
tr	O	The other woman nods and I feel like hyperventilating .
tr	I	This was never part of the equation , but I 'd swore to never change him .
tr	I	I hope you 'll see these two differently but I know you don 't really love dolls .
tr	I	We will be one together , and while it is one , I will be one .
tr	O	Something had made her snap , and he wanted to know what .
tr	O	As I drop the hood , it slams shut , and I look through the windshield .
tr	O	I had missed out on life for so long and now I was learning that life was about sacrifice .
tr	I	I 'd never forget it , but he 'd probably never know the difference .
tr	O	I turn about to ask him what 's wrong , but the door flies open again .
tr	O	His lips moved over hers with the knowledge of a lover , and she gave it all back to him before finally pulling away .
tr	O	Tomorrow was not enough hours away and he had too much to do .
tr	I	She was too tired to probe but Hannah knew something was up .
tr	O	I eat because I 'm unhappy , and I 'm unhappy because I eat .
tr	O	It 's not like I was capable of freezing to death , but the frigid water did wash away whatever fog was left in my mind .
tr	O	He had hurried after milking , but the gate had been closed .
tr	O	Avery will remain , but I would much prefer to guard you myself .
tr	O	She had her back to Rachel , but even so , Rachel had no trouble guessing that she was in charge of this operation .
tr	O	Her husband , Simon 's , face was almost taut with restraint , and the hand that rested on his knee was clenched in a fist .
tr	O	A nagging urge passed between them to turn back but the Glance forced them on .
tr	O	Maybe it 's cold , but I cherish no attachment to his sister 's child .
tr	O	Don the Great reached in with his arm and she was able to grab his hand .
tr	O	He was down here to gather evidence that would send her to prison , and he couldn 't let lust make him lose sight of that .
tr	I	It was a joy to be working with them again and I had not seen them since Annie Get Your Gun .
tr	I	I realized what I really owed those other children , and I grew to love you over the years .
tr	I	She 'd rather be spending her time painting than lurking on the net , and Internet was spotty at best here .
tr	O	His husky whisper hummed over her ears , and she shivered at the images his words invoked .
tr	I	I resisted the urge to wipe my cheeks and Spit flew into my face as he talked .
tr	I	He 's standing in his driveway and I turn back toward him .
tr	O	Eventually John said , ' I don 't know why , but this doesn 't come as any major surprise .
tr	O	She was falling apart , and it wasn 't like her .
tr	I	Rory was such a potent force , but he tried to get a grip .
tr	I	I panicked and every freaking vampire movie I had ever watched came crashing into my mind .
tr	O	He took his usual booth in the back and Mike walked over with a Guinness in hand .
tr	I	I might not be going back , and now I 'm out .
tr	O	We really didn 't need to slink around , but having a group of vampires after me for unknown reasons was making me paranoid .
tr	O	There was a small farmhouse beside it , and that was where Abby was steering me .
tr	O	Jack couldn 't quite remember her name , but no doubt it 'd come to him in time .
tr	O	After a minute she stopped and Josef continued .
tr	I	A large piece of his face left his head and I shot him again .
tr	O	She wasn 't from our country , either , and she looks forward to having an American daughter-in-law .
tr	I	His fantasy was keeping them apart , but he obviously wanted her .
tr	O	It would be hard there , sure , but there wouldn 't be this same spectacle .
tr	I	His vision was blurry but he opened his eyes .
tr	O	Eleanor had remained quietly at home and that had been that .
tr	O	I think she is touched , but I can no longer tell .
tr	I	I already knew that the man was gone and I had sat with Mr. Heston 's cold , lifeless hand in mine for almost a full day .
tr	O	Sawyer squeezed my hand , but I didn 't look back at her .
tr	O	After some time it occurred to her Gabriel had not used his Water Element and she knew he must have not been able to find its energy .
tr	O	The floor plan was open and I chanced a peek inside .
tr	O	Suddenly my hand was caught in Jake 's and my eyes drifted back up to his as he rubbed his thumb across my knuckles .
tr	I	Alex sweeps it to the side and the wind tangles my brown hair .
tr	I	Attached to the back of the cup was an envelope , but he held it out .
tr	I	She 'd tried , but there hadn 't been any time to run .
tr	O	I hadn 't seen anything interesting in the paper fibers , but I also wasn 't a hot shot detective .
tr	O	I 'd be a whore the rest of me life , and that would be the end of it .
tr	I	I tried my hardest to keep my mouth shut , and Justin chimed in .
tr	I	She didn 't bother trying to move , and Sierra heard the hotel room door shut .
tr	I	Julian was trying to bring back something that may never be what Cassie had always been to him and now she was gone .
tr	O	His hand went to my hair and he tugs out my hair tie .
tr	O	She might be swaying in the shadowy dark , but there wasn 't a chance she would fall .
tr	O	Her face was red with anger moments before , but now the flush fades .
tr	I	Chloe looked contrite and the man left a moment later .
tr	I	She looked away and her face heated .
tr	O	He had seen a softer side to both men , but he now believed their true colours to be showing .
tr	O	He was still standing , but there was something wrong .
tr	I	She knew it would rip her apart , but if he wanted to talk , she 'd listen .
tr	I	The space around me shrank until there was only Asher , and the tension between us crackled like the air before a thunderstorm .
tr	I	De Roy was still hesitant , but the Council members agreed with him .
tr	I	I can 't talk to them because I 'm not sure if they 're still themselves , and everyone I have no longer talks to me .
tr	I	It steals what little strength I have left , but covering the body takes no time at all .
tr	I	He should not attempt the use of any flattery and he had already assessed that this man must be similar to the General .
tr	I	I lost my balance , tumbling to the floor and a stinging slap struck the side of my face .
tr	O	He 'd tasted good , but he looked even better .
tr	I	The antiques were sold for over half a million dollars , and as expected , there was a bidding war .
tr	O	I wish we could put this off , but due to your mother 's injuries , time is of the essence .
tr	O	He finally jumped into the ring , and he , too , had chosen leopard skin .
tr	O	The tears that flowed down my face felt forced , and I had never been so happy to reach the end of a scene .
tr	O	She stopped for a moment , and Garrett looked toward his beer .
tr	I	Singing alone was just as uplifting , but it was a shame there wasn 't a harpsichord for her to play .
tr	I	For a moment she thought she saw a silent plea for help in them , and he looked at Zoey .
tr	O	He shook his head and said , ' No .
tr	I	He caught hold of her waist , but growling , she tried to pull away from him .
tr	O	There were many things I couldn 't tell him , but I knew that he would want to know about my time away .
tr	O	Just a few weeks of school left , and then summer hours would be enforced .
tr	I	I dash forward to catch them and the lift doors start to close .
tr	O	He didn 't want her , and she didn 't want him .
tr	I	He could also be forgetful , but Phillip was a good worker .
tr	I	I believed everything he said , and I was young , gullible .
tr	O	They hadn 't spoken much since Persephone 's death , but their bond was still there , having grown even stronger in the everlasting fires of grief .
tr	O	I 'm glad she did it , but since she 's been gone , it 's like the oxygen is missing from the air I breathe .
tr	O	His jaw tensed , but he didn 't say anything further .
tr	I	The Queen wanted to be alone but it was a lie of course .
tr	I	I was good at killing , but I was bad at fighting .
tr	I	She felt his hardness against her thigh , and his muscled legs moved against hers .
tr	O	Finally , she tried the old school , but it was all to no avail .
tr	O	Most of the German POWs had been released by summer 's end , but a few hundred remained , segregated from the DPs in a guarded compound .
tr	O	Gia waited , expecting the door to open again , but once sufficient time had past she crossed the driveway .
tr	O	I did , but that 's not why I was smiling now .
tr	I	I could hear the glass cracking and the metal crumpled around me .
tr	O	Dorothy Fields would write the lyrics and Jerome Kern agreed to do the score .
tr	I	Right now , it was the safest thing , but going home was the last thing she wanted to do .
tr	I	It occurred to me to ask why we weren 't teleporting and we took a short drive into the far suburbs of Denver .
tr	O	I knew nothing would make you happier than to have both of us together , but he wasn 't thinking about you like he should 've .
tr	O	There were so many connections to be made and it was only the first day of study .
tr	O	Paul Sr. may have been four inches shorter than Cheyenne , but his personality made him appear to be twenty feet tall .
tr	I	She wasn 't exactly abnormal enough either , but she wasn 't exactly normal .
tr	I	Maybe now they could move on , but they 'd both made mistakes .
tr	O	Chance asked her something , and she spared him a glance to answer .
tr	O	He poked it once with his toe , but it didn 't budge .
tr	I	Agnes prevented her escape by standing in her way , but she made a move to leave .
tr	O	The driver pulled parallel to me , jerked the wheel , and the side of the SUV loomed in my face .
tr	O	It is a six point star and inside each point is a letter .
tr	O	I pulled out of our embrace and I forced his gaze to meet mine .
tr	I	None have been born since and they are the youngest Undine .
tr	O	It wasn 't a whole lot , but it was every penny I had to my name .
tr	O	Jackson had mellowed out since we had moved in together , but I was still surprised by how autocratic he could be .
tr	I	It was short-lived , but Zoe smiled at this playful victory .
tr	I	His jaw was set and both his hands were in his lap .
tr	I	He couldn 't wait forever , but Neil gave him another second .
tr	I	I cannot protect you and he is coming .
tr	I	A ' dead ' sheep was resurrected , and rocks started to bleed .
tr	I	My palms went sweaty and my heart started to pound .
tr	O	A bullet slammed into Reyes 's shoulder , and he laughed at the wonderful sting .
tr	O	I 'd told Jill this meeting would impact any modeling decisions , but there was something much worse on the line .
tr	O	She might have been alert enough to retreat but she was definitely not going to back down .
tr	O	The weather didn 't worsen beyond that , and they continued to make good time even after they turned off onto a state highway .
tr	O	The term of endearment warms my heart and I feel more courageous to move forward .
tr	O	There was absolutely nothing I could do , and the frustration of that drove me almost wild .
tr	O	We live in the same apartment building , and I 've known Hannah for several years .
tr	I	Gray made his way back to Suzy 's room , and Nick left to get checked into a hotel .
tr	O	When the cage struck the ground , her whole body was jarred and her head banged painfully against the wire .
tr	I	I let him whisk me off , and each day , I hop onto Trent 's bike , wrap my arms around his chest .
tr	O	That 's one theory , but after the bloodletting yesterday , it makes a lot of sense .
tr	O	The dam broke and she shrieked now , sobs rising out of her .
tr	O	I thought he did too , but I was just the mission to him .
tr	O	I was in New York City , and I was going to be designing clothing !
tr	I	That 's final and we 're skipping .
tr	O	McDuffie slid in toward the window and Abbot sat down next to him .
tr	O	His fingers slowly wrapped around my bare arm , and I automatically leaned against him .
tr	O	I flipped to the next page , but it was blank .
tr	O	She was a handmaiden , beneath his status in the eyes of the community , but she had the spirit of a queen .
tr	I	I drew strength from the simple gesture and Aiden placed his hand on my back .
tr	I	That someone was hitting it with something , and he said it was damaged .
tr	O	Micah arrived , and as soon as I saw him I burst into tears in his arms .
tr	O	That was just cutting things into cubes , and Shane was doing that already .
tr	I	I pet him a few times and he licked my hand .
tr	O	There was nothing to say , but I said something anyway .
tr	I	He trusted it , but he wasn 't sure where it came from .
tr	I	Nemo faltered and Francis moaned luxuriously .
tr	I	It was too late , but he was strongly tempted to cancel the rendezvous .
tr	O	All that mattered was that the truth was out at last , and Lucas would be okay .
tr	I	The tips had almost reached the ground and the spikes had completely crushed the throne .
tr	O	I 'm going to unlock the handcuff but I 'll keep the gun on Kate .
tr	I	The man still looked very out of place in such a situation , and his glasses had clearly been broken several times .
tr	O	The cold is not meant for you yet you stay , you stay , you stay .
tr	O	The road curved , and then it snaked sharply to the left .
tr	O	It was clear that he wanted to talk , but something was holding him back .
tr	O	I 'd also blocked his senses with my shield and he hadn 't suspected that dawn was so close .
tr	O	He snapped his fingers in its direction and a scream pierced the air .
tr	I	It would have been a fantastic scandal , but not that Mr. Reese had had far to fall .
tr	I	Then she had been after Derek 's accident , too , but she was surprisingly calm .
tr	O	The door opened , and I drove in .
tr	O	Suddenly the man 's eyes widened and he appeared more anxious than ever .
tr	O	The Candor girl nearby gasps , covering her mouth with one hand , but Zeke 's Dauntless friends burst into laughter .
tr	O	Andrea remained silent , but her heart pounded so hard she heard a rushing sound in her ears .
tr	O	It was early , but I decided to send him a text anyway .
tr	O	I knew Jill was just a flight of stairs away , but Adrian was more difficult .
tr	O	They didn 't know anything about our relationship and their stupid assumptions drove me nuts .
tr	O	I snapped and he blinked in surprise at my words which clearly bewildered him .
tr	O	She was beautiful and I was weak .
tr	O	Gus made a dive through the doorway and he , too , landed on the dining room floor .
tr	I	I let him hold me a minute , and tears stung my eyes .
tr	I	She didn 't comment but Gran frowned at the fact that Noelle had passed her something .
tr	O	This was because he housed less than two dozen people capable of combat , and more than half of them were under the age of twenty .
tr	I	On him it works , but he almost looks too casual for campus .
tr	O	We try the mall first , but as I feared , those tiny little dresses are fucking expensive .
tr	I	Looking down at me , he clenched his jaw and I placed my hands over his arms this time .
tr	I	They were going to need it soon , and they needed that prototype .
tr	I	It sounded like a heartbeat , but she tried to listen to the steady rhythm of the rain .
tr	O	They are very fast currents , and I can 't pull out .
tr	I	His heroic action was rewarded with death , and it was the most selfless thing anyone could ever do .
tr	I	It was quite breathtaking and she 'd researched his path to billionaire status .
tr	O	I was worried about flaking over her upholstery , but there were no plastic covers to hand as far as I could see .
tr	I	I cannot take such a chance with you , but I cannot exactly describe what you would feel .
tr	O	Just then she heard the door open softly and she turned .
tr	O	His face was pale and he looked dreadfully sad .
tr	I	It annoyed me to see her looking so happy at someone else , but I knew she was just happy that Vincent seemed to like her .
tr	I	The calls seemed like only abbreviations of the despair and for an hour I carried on calling until my voice was hoarse .
tr	I	He deliberately threw verbal gasoline at her , and Mitchell saw the banked emerald fires leaping dangerously into flames in her eyes .
tr	I	He curses me and something glass breaks .
tr	O	She stalked across the room but just as she reached him , he lifted his gaze to her .
tr	O	Before he could speak she was in his arms and he wasn 't sure who was holding tighter .
tr	I	She looked at him from underneath her lashes and her eyelids lowered .
tr	O	His sudden coldness made her pause , and Levana slowly shrank back a step .
tr	I	The lights were on but the shades were closed .
tr	I	It makes me feel like an intruder and their friendship is a deep one .
tr	O	I loved his eyes , but he didn 't need to know that .
tr	O	The abundance of what we hoard shames me in the face of the starving , and I wish to hide it even further away .
tr	I	His eyes adjusted to following the fainter glow a dozen yards ahead and Rob passed him .
tr	O	Whatever had made him kiss her like that , he could not imagine , but her reaction to it was strange .
tr	I	I know that won 't accomplish anything useful , but I want to attack her for outing me .
tr	I	Nikko 's hiding place would be discovered or eventually someone would talk .
tr	O	Bryony tapped the Spell Wizard 's hat , and he vanished in a puff of blue smoke .
tr	O	I want to punch her , but she gets there first .
tr	O	Colton slowed down but Reece kept running .
tr	O	I thought at first that he was just bein ' friendly , but no , I don 't think that 's it at all .
tr	O	Teddy was an only child and his mother was a widow .
tr	I	It might not have been , but it could 've been Jeff .
tr	I	The power was dizzying , but I stood my ground .
tr	O	Physically , she was slow on her best day , but she 'd still never met anyone who moved as fast as the dragons .
tr	I	Karl lives here full-time , but many of the houses on the block are second homes to snowbirds who only occupy them a few months a year .
tr	I	The motorists seemed to have escaped in time but the government was not allowing anyone out of the quarantine area .
tr	I	Everything in his spirit urged him forward , but he didn 't know all that taking this step would mean .
tr	O	It 's all mixed together and it stings at my nostrils .
tr	I	He couldn 't tear his gaze from her , and his heart started to thunder within his chest .
tr	O	I have never heard of it , but apparently I have not heard of many places .
tr	O	Eli demanded as the last dissolving image faded and he stood face to face with the girl .
tr	O	Many Mayans died and their cities were destroyed during the battle .
tr	O	She began to move but I gave her a look , imploring her to understand what was going on .
tr	I	We forgot about Jesse completely and the tears overwhelmed us Jules .
tr	O	I didn 't know , but it made those whispered doubts rise up in my mind again .
tr	O	To someone else that may sound silly , but Joey 's childhood had been devoid of those kinds of normal experiences .
tr	I	He did not let her but she tried to move away .
tr	I	Supper was a quiet affair , and they went below after that .
tr	I	He sank his teeth gently into that hand , and Felix , on his knees , had Phil 's right hand in his great hairy paws .
tr	O	She expected to find everyone there , but when she unlocked the front door of the house on Lot Street , it sounded quiet .
tr	I	I saw it and I was there .
tr	O	He heard the boom of a pistol , and then blood was running hot down Graham 's side , soaking his shirt .
tr	I	No training could give back what had been taken but his training allowed him to shut out the pain .
tr	O	The memories of utter despair ran through her , but she pushed them away .
tr	O	I wished that I had some spell that would help , but dragon magic was remarkably specific about what it could do .
tr	O	Before I realize it , I 'm sobbing , and I 'm in a heap on the floor .
tr	I	They had a flaw , but his words had seemed to make sense sometimes .
tr	O	I thought that if he talked to her , she might wake up , and it worked .
tr	I	She shook her head , but I reached out a hand to snatch it up again .
tr	O	It 's only when I 've been here a long while that she 'll talk , and then she tells her amazing tales .
tr	O	She 's still hopeful , and it 's so attractive .
tr	I	It was different than it had been before dinner , but when I emerged , the room was still quiet .
tr	I	I squinted up into the blinding Arizona sun , and Instantly sweat clung to my skin .
tr	O	I couldn 't , since my throat closed up completely and speech just wasn 't possible .
tr	O	He heard her breathing and for a moment she said nothing .
tr	O	It was early Tuesday night but the casino was already crowded .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to say , but they wanted me to talk about it .
tr	O	Carson lowered his head , and my heart stuttered .
tr	O	It was a little tender , but nothing like what it should have been .
tr	I	Frank decided to postpone some of his planned activity , and Friend was not capable of this kind of monitoring responsibility .
tr	O	Something heavy was pressed against my chest and I couldn 't breathe .
tr	O	I did the move , without the sound effect , blushing full-on , and he let go .
tr	O	This fact is obvious in the air between us , and I do not have to mention it to know that Tatiana knows it too .
tr	O	He couldn 't see Mia 's face , but he didn 't have to .
tr	I	Her big green eyes were sleepy and her hair was all tousled .
tr	I	I fumbled to pick it up , and I heard him call to me .
tr	I	We could rule the world , and I could amass a pack .
tr	O	5 Ira It 's growing even darker now , and the late winter weather has continued to worsen .
tr	I	The other half warned me not to , but half of me wanted to say yes .
tr	O	His dark hair was artfully gelled into place and he sported a dashing new goatee .
tr	I	He had nothing to stand on , but Pappy denied this was the case .
tr	O	It wasn 't , unless the pigs were feeling frisky and the mud was fresh .
tr	I	I hear her suggesting that Daniel go show James his high score and Barbara comes back on .
tr	I	It was a fake , but he coughed .
tr	I	I ´ m not going to surrender but this may hurt .
tr	O	I 'd detected wariness from him the day before at breakfast and I wondered if it was still there .
tr	I	It is laughable to call it a motorway , but that is the Moscow to Saint Petersburg road .
tr	I	She wondered if he would again and he 'd already refused to answer her once .
tr	I	I couldn 't take my eyes from him , but I kept telling myself to run .
tr	O	I 've heard the story before , but I don 't know if their names have ever been included .
tr	I	She could smell the adrenaline on him , but she couldn 't make out his expression .
tr	I	He stared around at all the baby furniture , completely clueless and they walked into the children 's section .
tr	I	We stayed with them -- their place is quite a bit larger than this one -- when we visited and they own a house in Little Tuscany .
tr	O	Her head fell down onto him and she buried herself in his shirt .
tr	O	The world had dropped from under Cameron 's feet , and he was falling , falling .
tr	I	Erik wouldn 't let him and he tried to isolate me .
tr	I	Her red , raw hands stung at the mere presence of heat , and the water ran hot right away , clouds of steam billowing around her .
tr	O	I could almost feel it now , and my entire body responded with enthusiasm .
tr	O	Aly wasn 't exactly sure how that could be , but she 'd drawn her face so many times she knew it was the truth .
tr	I	Their sex life was good , and things were familiar with Jeff .
tr	I	Even as I thought that , he ducked into a classroom , but I couldn 't very well run after him without him noticing .
tr	O	I 've been helping Dad out for years , and business is good again , so I figure , why not ?
tr	O	I was thinking about her and she wasn 't even around .
tr	O	Maybe enjoy isn 't the right word , but I don 't dread them , either .
tr	I	In a few moments he was gone , but Kiara increased her pace .
tr	I	He couldn 't hide the warm appreciation in his gaze , but his expression still showed shocked surprise .
tr	I	I got the smell of her arousal and her heat encased me again .
tr	O	That if it had gone away , I would have been okay , but I think I would have been a bit devastated at first , too .
tr	I	I shiver , staring up at the trees above us , and his mouth grazes down my throat .
tr	O	I love you , Mari , I really do - but I can 't talk about this .
tr	I	Still , orders were orders , but it had seemed like overkill , given the situation .
tr	I	I will hear you better , and Well put your teeth in , dear .
tr	I	I haven 't felt this pretty , ever and he wasn 't one to have fun .
tr	I	As she 'd slowly rebuilt the pieces of her life , she 'd realized a future was not guaranteed and her entire world had crumbled .
tr	O	I 'd heard we didn 't get sick often , but I wasn 't sure if that covered mental illness .
tr	I	Doc just shakes his head , but I sputter in anger .
tr	I	Their faint footfalls were still outside , but he listened for the soldiers below .
tr	O	They had all immediately gone to sleep , and there was no clock in the chamber .
tr	I	Each of the sections moved and it was split into sections .
tr	I	She never complain of it but Sofia could feel the smoldering pain on her heel .
tr	O	All of his problems had melted away and suddenly he felt like the high school boy at that party , the night they first kissed .
tr	O	In studying society , we place human beings in the place of subatomic particles , but now there is the added factor of the human mind .
tr	I	She gave me a bottle of her perfume , but Karen has wandered off .
tr	O	A disembodied voice spoke , again muffled and this time affecting a Mid Atlantic accent .
tr	I	I reached for her hand and she sat next to me .
tr	I	It could be years before she remembered , but she didn 't plan to give up on the old one .
tr	I	They named it Gordon and it was a boy .
tr	I	She shivered in the chill , and Hair whipped at her face .
tr	O	I 'm sure his vampire side has cured them however , but that wouldn 't allow him to transform , not the way he did .
tr	O	My mouth opened , but nothing came out .
tr	O	Before he could say anything , she kissed him , and he wondered if she could taste her own blood .
tr	I	I am missing it and there is something here .
tr	I	If we are right about what kind of poison it was , it acted swiftly , and he died .
tr	O	They left the premises , escorted out by Peter , and for once there was a measure of agreement on the way back .
tr	I	The room was silent and the air was cool .
tr	I	Thirty days of waiting didn 't really lose him any time , and he could resist opening it .
tr	I	The thought of actually doing it terrified me , but in theory , I wanted to face Aaron .
tr	O	The first requested her command authorization code , and the second asked for a mission profile .
tr	I	His hands were restless , but Norris attempted a casual attitude .
tr	I	The last thing I wanted to bring her , was more gossip , and we were too far apart for that to be a hidden maneuver .
tr	I	It didn 't work , but the idea sounded good .
tr	I	Josh Hammond had apparently collected them , and the diamonds had arrived this morning .
tr	I	I was missing my home and enough years went by that I thought I could return .
tr	O	I heard Jakob lie down as well , and we drifted off to our own thoughts .
tr	I	There was no way she was going to reveal her secret and that would be emotional suicide .
tr	I	In the quiet , the sadness starts to fill the air , and the other rebels eventually filter out .
tr	O	You 're here for not all that long , and already you 've got a boyfriend lined up .
tr	O	Her eyes wandered back to Lorena 's gutted body , and she felt sick once again .
tr	I	She deserved to have something she wanted even more than her own nickname , and it had been one helluva day .
tr	O	Three baskets of laundry were on the floor , and several stacks of clothing were spread out on the bed .
tr	I	That doesn 't mean it won 't be a good season , but I know things have been messed up with Coach Wilkinson out .
tr	O	There was only one person who could stop Ronan , though , and Adam 's mother didn 't have that number .
tr	O	I rarely sucked his cock , and I didn 't know why .
tr	I	Alec 's good looks had belied his selfish , arrogant nature , but her ex-husband had been attractive , too .
tr	O	His grip around my mother 's neck loosened and she fell to the ground gasping for air .
tr	O	I felt my body begin to shake and I knew Sam was seconds from turning .
tr	O	Colt pulled Ty off of Conner and he just laid there looking at his sister .
tr	I	Beatriz climbed aboard the ferry and the captain nodded his thanks .
tr	O	A smile appeared on Hilda 's face , showing just how friendly she was , but Lea didn 't respond .
tr	I	I wanted to hear her say it , but I had an idea .
tr	O	I thought about going to the waterfall , but that would make me a sitting duck .
tr	I	They couldn 't agree to buy anything and they went shopping .
tr	O	Suddenly the horn dies , and then the hood drops .
tr	I	It 'll help make me feel useful and it 'll help keep my mind busy .
tr	O	I tried to focus on Pastor Bailey 's sermon , but it was difficult being the object of rampant speculation .
tr	O	She swayed a little , and her mouth clicked open .
tr	I	The reopened wounds burned across his shoulders , and a knot throbbed in his lower back .
tr	I	He looked even younger than she 'd imagined , and she doubted her instincts at first , because he sat all alone .
tr	I	I 'll go and Just give me this one day .
tr	I	I had a few minutes before I would be late and I was told dinner would be served promptly at six .
tr	I	I almost gave in ... almost and his eyes were pleading .
tr	I	Glasses rattled , and people gasped .
tr	I	My head snapped back and I felt my body slam up against the wall .
tr	I	She refused to let them fall , but tears pressed against the backs of her eyes .
tr	O	I have a choice in front of me , and I do not remember what else we said to each other .
tr	O	My fist found its way tight round a knife , and I sucked in a tiny breath .
tr	O	Those words brought back all the horror of the previous day and she dropped her eyes , staring at her coffee cup .
tr	I	You threw it away and you took our love .
tr	O	Shouts rang out in the distance , but otherwise , it seemed empty .
tr	O	Her socks had previously belonged to Nicko , and before that they had been Edd 's .
tr	O	Pain flowed over her body , and she stopped breathing altogether .
tr	I	Micha floors the gas pedal and the car straightens out .
tr	I	Angela could still make out the words , but Sherry lowered her voice .
tr	I	Ellis had to concentrate with all his might to keep his composure and it was a scene from hell .
tr	O	They took hands , as if expecting a terrible blow , and I broke it to them as gently as I could .
tr	I	He was a vain one at that , but he might have been a lackey .
tr	O	Deep down I knew he probably wanted to be here with me , but he had a job to do .
tr	O	She escapes to anonymity at India 's Yoga capital but the threat of paparazzi follows .
tr	O	His throat was dry , and his head was throbbing .
tr	O	My hood comes off my head , and I leave it off , letting my hair get wet .
tr	O	He smiles again and I smile back .
tr	I	Her brown eyes narrowed , and she shook her head .
tr	I	I studied him intently , and he seemed pleased at the memory .
tr	O	After a few hits the rusty lock broke and the chain fell loose to the wooden deck .
tr	O	The cool breeze chilled them against her skin and she let out a loud sob , stumbling forward , desperate to reach the trees .
tr	O	I had to check on you when I heard you would be arriving in the midst of the festival , and you were safe .
tr	O	I 've done it a hundred times and it 's starting to get somewhat alarming how easily I can shut down in the snap of a finger .
tr	O	It was a tricky enough day and I was tired of the pain .
tr	O	I 'd had a couple of boyfriends in college , but nothing had ever really stuck .
tr	O	On the base Emelia could see a triangular fifth side of black crystal and the darkness was so deep that her eyes hurt to look at it .
tr	I	He lifted her calves over his thighs and she tried to remain covered as she lay back .
tr	I	Then she turns to me with a heart-breaking , bewildered expression on her face , and Bennet lurches forward a few steps .
tr	O	I cant really say that it wasn 't out of order , but then I cant really say that I 'm nuts over Jean .
tr	I	My body parts join in a chorus of complaints and the adrenaline rush that overrode the sensation has passed .
tr	I	Her dark eyes stared back at him , and her lashes lifted .
tr	O	Her voice cracked , and I saw Luke give me a questioning look .
tr	O	I don 't have much of an ear for music , but I thought I was listening to Handel .
tr	O	My voice echoed throughout the lounge , and the joint emptied in less than twenty seconds .
tr	I	I didn 't want to lie , but I knew where this was going .
tr	O	A pain stabs my left temple and I press my hand against it .
tr	I	The taste of her strawberry lip gloss lingered , but my eyes hadn 't dropped before her mouth left mine .
tr	O	Fear intensified the slamming pain in her head and her stomach rolled .
tr	I	Much may have happened since , but I was there at nightfall yesterday .
tr	I	Though it seemed crazy she knew that it was completely right , and the thought blazed into her mind , seared through her heart .
tr	O	I 'll take your actions personally , and my retaliation will be directed at you - personally .
tr	I	That wasn 't the case , but I should have been relieved .
tr	I	Now you suggest my father may not have taken his own life , and you have witnessed my grief at the scene of Alistair 's death .
tr	O	I mirror the smile , feeling happy , and then a sudden ache swells inside .
tr	I	I can tell it is getting late and the light is dim in the hut .
tr	I	Magnus bet that he knew who , and he sounded as if he were quoting somebody .
tr	O	Then her gaze turned to Aria , and the smile turned sour .
tr	O	She was silent for another strained moment , but I heard her moving through the house .
tr	I	His scream enveloped me , imprinting itself on my memory , but my forehead was damp with sweat as the dream faded .
tr	I	It would have gone through his heart , ending his life the permanent way and two inches lower .
tr	O	I asked , remembering very little and most of it was in the wrong time .
tr	I	Then the local staff meeting took place immediately after lunch , and Don called in to his staff meeting in the morning .
tr	I	I sat back down , and my legs felt weak .
tr	I	Bilbo hesitated in the rear , but across this bridge the elves thrust their prisoners .
tr	O	He 'd only been dead about a year , but already he seemed like a stranger to her .
tr	I	I was usually afraid of heights , but now that I looked back on that day , it was something I could laugh about .
tr	I	Lauren glanced up , and a fat snowflake landed on her arm .
tr	O	There was a central , main lodge for gatherings , and then separate , large hunting cabins were spread throughout .
tr	I	He bent to pull the two containers out of the heater and the buzzer beeped , indicating that the food was finished .
tr	O	That 's Dylan 's thing and he 's welcome to it .
tr	I	I 'm still unpacking my bags when he comes in and my back is to him .
tr	I	She pul ed it from her jeans and her phone buzzed again .
tr	I	Every day I had to make her promise she wouldn 't , and she wanted to tell you every day .
tr	O	Her eyes widened and he immediately softened his tone .
tr	O	Something was here and it was evil .
tr	O	I brushed myself off and we walked back to the beach house .
tr	O	She hasn 't been back here , but I think the kiddos have visited her a few times since she left .
tr	O	The two had dated a few times over the past several years , but nothing had developed from it .
tr	I	Rabbi Dave asked Adam to verify that I was his bride , and I signed it too .
tr	O	Garrett complied , and the fourth shot of scotch gave her courage .
tr	I	Andrew hugs me and Gabriel excuses himself .
tr	I	Alex suddenly envied them all so much it choked her , and they were enjoying the restaurant , the music , the romance of the place .
tr	O	Harlow will listen when you explain , and she 'll be okay with it .
tr	I	His endless touching repulsed her , and each time he tried to get her to agree to something .
tr	O	With part of her she wanted to laugh , and with the other she was holding back tears .
tr	I	He should still probably be notified about her disappearance , but I was almost one hundred percent sure she wasn 't with Keith .
tr	I	One of them is addled , and Poor Pete Turner has but two left of his six kids .
tr	I	I can 't control them and things are getting out of hand .
tr	I	She especially enjoyed the popcorn but the food was delicious .
tr	O	It had started in the underground laboratory and she needed to confront it .
tr	I	He mentioned he 's a painter and we started to talk .
tr	I	Something was out there , but nothing he could see .
tr	O	His father finding happiness , his uncle back to full health , and the love of his life agreeing to be his forever .
tr	I	She knows you have pack protection , and she 's big in the pack .
tr	I	Liz followed , laughing , and he set out at a quick jog .
tr	I	Emerson 's gut tightened at the soft , husky sound and Rachel laughed .
tr	I	The memories are certainly fading , but I 'm sure he still remembers me .
tr	I	He only knew of one way to escape it , and Helena 's impending betrothal was Lucius 's constant torment .
tr	I	Loud panting could be heard just outside the door and the persons pace slowed .
tr	I	The screen refocused onto a display of officious text , and just like my grandma 's analogue antique .
tr	O	This woman was an unexpected bonus and he realized he wanted to do all of the above with her by his side .
tr	I	She feels surrounded , yet she can only smell one wolf .
tr	O	Her parents might have been a little confused at first , but they had bought it in the end .
tr	O	I decided he was naturally stupid , and the concussion just made it worse .
tr	O	The music stopped and the line crackled with static .
tr	O	Think of the devil and she shall appear .
tr	I	A slow ache woke in his chest , and Stefan 's hand clenched under his desk .
tr	O	Jess hated herself for saying anything , but Marie wouldn 't let it go until she finally confessed something .
tr	O	One who has never experienced something like this might think it should take a long time to develop , but it did not .
tr	O	Valentine wasn 't your real father , but not because you don 't have his blood in your veins .
tr	O	She stood , and as all eyes turned to her , James quickly switched their plates .
tr	I	Her need for him seemed only to escalate , and she 'd run into Shane too many times .
tr	I	Now I feel like crap , and Skyla can barely get the words out through her pain .
tr	I	Her teeth sharpened , and her nails lengthened .
tr	O	The man opened his arms lovingly and his huge mouth rose into a broad grin .
tr	I	I 'll do my best to close the hole and if I don 't address it , send me a comment .
tr	O	He walks away from me and doesn ´ t look back .
tr	O	Karina helped me stand and I was still shaking .
tr	O	It was all so simple and she didn 't want anything within the town to change .
tr	O	I asked and he nodded .
tr	O	Nick said nothing as she wept in his arms , but his hands rhythmically stroked her back .
tr	O	She kept bathing him , but as soon as she placed the cloth to his skin the cloth would grow so hot she could barely touch it .
tr	O	I guess I didn 't look at it from your point of view , but I see it now .
tr	O	He settled in at the table as easily as if he 'd been joining me for years , and we toasted the delightful day .
tr	O	The rain clouds from the day before seemed to be stuck in place and the cold droplets continued to stream downwards .
tr	O	Amy goes down first , and I follow her .
tr	O	Frank gets to work on it , moving some bits of wood around , assembling others , and gradually the contraption begins to take shape .
tr	O	I came in when I heard you scream , and you were shaking on the floor .
tr	I	He knows it and I refuse to believe that .
tr	O	He was coming off his own shift , and his brain had punched out at the very same moment he had .
tr	O	His voice came out sharper than he desired , and Dane saw the strain come back into Angelique 's face at his tone .
tr	I	I crossed paths with that fox again from the other night and I stopped to take in the beauty of the night .
tr	O	Inside was dark with little light coming through the small windows , but all the walls were covered with bright blankets that looked handmade .
tr	O	Outside the air is warm and the sun beats down upon the concrete driveway .
tr	I	He couldn 't blame her , and she wanted to get moving .
tr	O	Steven knew he made mistakes sometimes , but he was sure they all couldn 't have been his .
tr	O	I have to warn them , or every ship that tries to jump will never come out again .
tr	O	Alex was a great guy , and he deserved a wonderful meal !
tr	I	Once the light came all the hope came with it , but while she was in the darkness , that was her only focus .
tr	O	He tossed them one by one , and Singer caught them in the air , gobbling them down like a frog catching flies .
tr	O	Dan let go and Tar placed her arm over her chest .
tr	O	Her eyes widened after a moment and she shrieked one word .
tr	I	I knew it must be just as bad for him , and things were uncomfortable here .
tr	I	She tried to level it by taking deep breathes and her breath was still shaky .
tr	O	He enjoyed basking in Star 's approval , but the vision was already starting to fade .
tr	I	She had run away from home and yes , it had frightened her .
tr	O	Forbes held up a hand and White clamped his jaw shut .
tr	O	They were sitting at their shared desk , and Seth was eating Georgie 's princess chicken .
tr	I	Eric was fixed on one a little way away from them , but other buildings filled the spaces to the west of the runway .
tr	I	Lara worked with architects on planning , and during the next six months Keller worked with banks on financing .
tr	I	He was something altogether different to her , but she might chase away demons for him .
tr	I	His voice sounded angry , and he shook his head .
tr	I	I wonder if that has anything to do with this information and I remember Anthony telling me that he wouldn 't kiss me again .
tr	I	Were both sipping good Scotch and we had finished two bottles of wine .
tr	O	He just happened to be home on leave this year and I couldn 't wait to see him .
tr	O	I remained a little confused for a second , and my question about why we were here , started to get some answer .
tr	I	Somehow , I knew Cole had something to do with it , and the mood on the dance floor had changed .
tr	I	The best shot she managed only caught her foot in his cloak but again she tried to kick out with her feet .
tr	I	I started walking away , pulling my friends with me , and he touched his cheek .
tr	I	That time has passed , but it was a man , once .
tr	I	Jeff wasted no time in getting her out to sea and the Clarissa 's engine started up .
tr	O	The dark elf looked sad when he said this , and Tom wondered if he still had love for his people even though he disagreed with them .
tr	I	Sean stifled a groan , and Andrea swiped away a drop with her moist , red tongue .
tr	O	A feral hiss escaped him and the place shook more violently .
tr	O	He thought about what Dexter said , and for the first time all night felt as though he wasn 't acting irrationally .
tr	O	Jamie was already a good rider , and Belle was learning quickly .
tr	I	We were in our hiding place and our new identities were in place .
tr	I	We began to head for the front door and he walked over to me .
tr	O	I know it means nothing to you , and this was just a one-time thing .
tr	I	The smile fell , but Sir Rupert smiled .
tr	I	For some reason the day became hurried , but I wanted time to slow down .
tr	O	In the past , our services have always been confidential , but we do not feel that exposing infidelity privately has been an effective deterrent to cheaters .
tr	O	Charlie returned to the kitchen and they settled down for tea .
tr	O	That 's all it took , and I was hers .
tr	O	They had yet to learn the subject 's name , and if he used a credit card , they could learn it off that .
tr	O	His shoulder hurt and he was sure his neck muscles would be screaming at him later for the jolt he 'd received earlier .
tr	O	His breath would smell slightly of whisky and he would breathe the fumes over McBride .
tr	O	The doorbell sounds , and I wonder who it is .
tr	O	Then they 'll go to sleep , and the second four will take over .
tr	O	She couldn 't see them , but she knew the enchantments were there .
tr	I	Now was not the time to interrogate him , but this man now had some explaining to do .
tr	I	The red glowed and the walls closed in .
tr	I	Diego went after him , and he followed them .
tr	I	You can do it by yourself , and you just did it with me .
tr	O	The meal did not suit his finicky digestion , and he still mistrusted Nan 's use of local ingredients .
tr	I	One was the strongest of them all , but every emotion was racing through my mind .
tr	O	His deep voice rumbled in her ear , but he must have felt her unsteadiness because his hands no longer hung at his sides .
tr	I	I 've been around and I 'm too old .
tr	I	I had nowhere to run and I was as vulnerable as ever to him .
tr	O	Jude covered his mouth , but it wasn 't keeping his laughter contained .
tr	I	I should have known better , but I thought it was me they waited on .
tr	I	They didn 't have a choice , but the officers didn 't like it .
tr	I	Matthew had decided to return to work and it was Monday morning .
tr	O	She exhaled in disappointment at seeing John first instead of one of the others , but then she caught something on the wind .
tr	O	That was what we discussed , and the word of a Wolf is binding .
tr	I	I won 't take up more of your time and okay , look , this isn 't going anywhere .
tr	O	I fail epically , and in the end he ends up looking over at my mother .
tr	I	I feel like if I don 't ask now I won 't get the chance , but it sounds like a stupid request .
tr	O	He tried to smooth some of the knots from her hair , but she twisted her head away at his touch .
tr	O	He shifted in his seat , and she felt her face grow warm .
tr	O	The shaper cried out , and the tarantula tore in half , black gore erupting in all directions .
tr	O	He had said that people were losing touch with nature and he didn 't want any part of such a world .
tr	O	Her name was Lydia and she became his friend .
tr	I	He smiled and his face melted .
tr	I	He stretches his hand in my direction , just short of touching mine , and Realm 's expression softens .
tr	O	He had brought her into this , fool that he was , and he was damned well going to get her out of it .
tr	I	John punched in a number , and Nate handed over the phone .
tr	I	A mother of two before the second tumor was even discovered and Margaret was married .
tr	I	She walked me through a magnificent dining room meant to seat at least fifty , and on the bottom floor alone , Hannah pointed out three bathrooms .
tr	I	It required constant maintenance , but the undead couldn 't cross that kind of power .
tr	I	She moans and gripping her hips , her lips part as her head falls back .
tr	O	The sound came out muffled , but Lewis 's meaning was clear .
tr	I	It wasn 't Bill 's libido And something was Up , with a capital U. .
tr	O	She went left and I went right .
tr	I	She will have passed without having achieved it and Alma 's one goal was to have a child .
tr	I	Jimmy slowed his pace so that he could walk beside her , and Cindy was lagging behind .
tr	I	She honestly forgot what she looked like and she hadn 't seen herself in over three hundred years .
tr	I	She turned away , walking back to the lodge and he dropped his hand .
tr	I	She didn 't want him to stop and Sal was stirring her body to life again .
tr	I	It wasn 't necessary , but Andy took my hands , ready to support me if I fell .
tr	I	I did feel bad for Timmy but I had to admit that it was satisfying .
tr	O	Jessie placed her arm on Jackson , and they slowly walked towards his room .
tr	I	Thomas once again felt in control , and his anger subsided .
tr	O	It 's a long walk , but it 's early .
tr	O	Then his lips opened over her neck , and she did swoon , melting over him .
tr	I	She could see her reflection staring back at her , yet she could see through the water without any obstruction .
tr	I	No sound came , but she tried to scream .
tr	I	I was going to let her and she needed to talk .
tr	I	It persisted in staying , but I blinked the residual of the flames away .
tr	O	I was drunk , but I managed to remember to strap on my seatbelt .
tr	I	The parasite wasn 't , but the dingo was dead .
tr	O	Whatever her burdens , whatever her sorrow , she was a royal princess and duty came before else .
tr	I	You 're engaged to someone else , so get over it , and she 's your best friend .
tr	I	It has not yet had time to reconstitute itself , and the command structure fell apart after the founder died .
tr	I	The tray itself clattered loudly upon the floor and dishes shattered .
tr	I	This might all be over after one night and I 'd thought I could handle the repercussions of this , the idea that Adam would leave .
tr	I	It 's tearing you up inside , but I don 't know what happened .
tr	O	Hank gingerly fingered his ankle , and Mac winced .
tr	I	She was focusing on the road since she was not familiar with the way going to Victoria 's house and she was driving .
tr	O	Jared handed me a pair of socks , and I tugged those on , fol owed by the sneakers .
tr	I	When she looked up at him again , she was even more eager for him and her eyes widened .
tr	I	It just wasn 't her work style and he had a need for her to excessively praise him .
tr	O	They will learn from your example , and they will obey .
tr	I	This time Clary did not try to wriggle away from her , and Jocelyn let Tessa take Clary again .
tr	I	He had a grin of delight on his face , and his kilt slid up to reveal his strong thighs .
tr	I	I snuck a peek at her , and Kenzie turned .
tr	O	She heard the guard lock it , and she turned around .
tr	I	She was gone but I turned around in a circle , expecting to see her drifting around .
tr	O	His eyes turned dark and his face glazed over .
tr	O	It 's true that her passing has been hard , but I wouldn 't stifle your curiosity .
tr	O	She was getting on in years and she had come to accept that .
tr	O	He would be surprised at the reason but I wasn 't sharing that information tonight .
tr	O	The smile on Emily 's face was infectious and a similar one immediately graced Sarah 's face .
tr	O	Sibyl wanted to smile but she bit it back .
tr	O	There are no words to explain how I feel , how this desire is consuming me , and I 'm lost in the glorious flames .
tr	O	They sized us up and we glared right back at them .
tr	I	For a second , I wondered if Samuel would snap Violet 's neck , too , simply to show his power , and Samuel stood above them .
tr	O	You 'll never find it and you 'll just be putting yourself in danger .
tr	I	His head was pounding and his stomach was rumbling again .
tr	O	Antonia thought for a moment , but nothing came to her .
tr	I	He was wearing a scribe 's robe , and the man had short white hair , a goatee , glasses .
tr	I	Elizabeth was already gone , but I glanced toward the door .
tr	O	My lips kissed her face and she gave a little girly laugh .
tr	I	All he really wanted was to get to Nick , but his mind was reeling with the possibilities .
tr	O	I am in love with her , and she is with me .
tr	O	James is brave in familiar situations but in unfamiliar conditions , he is a completely obedient kid , thanks to his fear of the unknown .
tr	I	She scarcely knew him , and he barely knew the girl , after all .
tr	I	They may think it 's motive enough to arrest you , and you had plenty of reason to be angry with her .
tr	I	Her mom returned to the side of the bed , and he left .
tr	I	The annihilation was spreading quicker than ever , and there was little left now .
tr	O	The small area had a roof but it didn 't offer much protection .
tr	O	Things have been mellow between you , and I know Lacey appreciates it .
tr	O	A third explosion went off near the harbor but neither guard took the bait .
tr	O	My men are still following the car and the police are trying to get ahead to intercept them .
tr	I	When Embry was president , he was going to help her , and Leslie intended to make it bigger .
tr	I	Her face grew stiff with disbelief , and I told her about the vandalism .
tr	O	Caleb cried , and Aden 's fingers clenched on Victoria , making her wince .
tr	O	I doubted I 'd solve the former soon , but I hoped for the best on the latter .
tr	I	A laugh escaped and he twirled her around .
tr	I	It is not true that what you see is what you get , but a very compelling impression , I acknowledge .
tr	I	Even if it hadn 't , Ronan was desperate , and the symbiotic relationship worked for both sides .
tr	I	He more than made up for it in girth but he was a short man , bordering on average , in height .
tr	I	I would require insurance first but it was time I saw a doctor .
tr	I	Now he was excusing their mind blowing kiss as simple aftermath and the whole day had been one earth shattering experience after another ?
tr	I	I was still alert enough not to do it by shaking him , but I was sleepy again by the time I woke Fade .
tr	O	There was a green watering can on the steps , daffodils peeking up in the flower beds , and a fruit wreath on the door .
tr	I	From this distance , she could hear the family going about doing their things , and there were lights in the drawing room .
tr	I	Laurel had been seeing both of them a lot , but they were taking things slow , giving her time to adjust .
tr	O	She pushed out with her hands and she was ready to harm me .
tr	O	She stepped out of the way , and he swung wide .
tr	I	I was already shivering without heat , and it was too cold to roll down a window to see better .
tr	I	Dennis worried that he had been disconnected , and there was an audible pop over the line .
tr	I	His body seized and suddenly his stomach cramped .
tr	O	Her body could barely move , and when she exerted herself to the full extent of her strength , she accomplished nothing .
tr	I	The only way I 'll be able to truly know is if I read his words , but he 's always been really truthful in the past .
tr	O	The sky was clear again , and they could see for miles .
tr	O	She sat up a little , holding the sheet to her chest , and vaguely recalled not being able to sit up earlier .
tr	I	His pulse pounded in his temple and the pressure in his groin increased .
tr	I	It fits so perfectly and it 's so intact .
tr	I	She always insists on doing it , but my stepmom isn 't the greatest cook .
tr	O	We 're the injured parties , and it 's only natural that we 'd have a lot in common .
tr	O	He was definitely boasting , and nausea soaked through her .
tr	I	I like it , but he 's certainly rough around the edges .
tr	O	Bandana continues to glare at me but the older one chuckles .
tr	I	Those days are over now , but M may be holding on .
tr	I	His whole body went rigid and he stiffened .
tr	I	Her mother dropped a restraining hand on her shoulder , but Solange started to push her way out of the room .
tr	I	Erica was wondering what Melissa was up to and in a few minutes they were on the road to the resort .
tr	I	I almost want to squirm , and Gage is still watching me closely .
tr	I	She moaned and he bit her gently .
tr	I	Now he was putting her off and she had waited all day to speak with Steve .
tr	I	Like always , he was beautiful and it was shadowed in the moonlight .
tr	I	I caught enough , but the sound of her voice was muffled .
tr	I	It didn 't matter , but she didn 't know .
tr	I	He blinked as if realizing what he had said , and the old man 's eyes landed on me .
tr	O	I gasped , but he didn 't even flinch .
tr	O	All he needed was some money , and he could have been respectable enough .
tr	I	There 's no compulsion to be with each other , but we have a good time when we 're together .
tr	I	He held up his hands , and his eyes bugged out .
tr	I	I didn 't care and Plenty of guys have seen me naked .
tr	I	A bottle of it is on the table and a glass is half full with clear liquid .
tr	O	A lamp spilled and a fire started .
tr	O	He stood back and a large , linen covered tray was wheeled into the room by two uninformed servants .
tr	O	The sensation faded and I mentally shrugged .
tr	I	Thomas Jr. just had their first real family time alone , and that 's when Anna realized she , Thomas .
tr	O	I had to , and I hated it .
tr	I	I still have pull there , but I may be on probation .
tr	O	He nodded , and she sprang to her feet like a rabbit .
tr	I	Nicholas ' words replay , but Life has returned in his eyes .
tr	O	Her hair is shorter , like a boy 's , and her skin is grayish instead of a warm brown .
tr	O	They had only a few days to produce the crossbows , and there was a lot of work to do .
tr	I	He changes the subject and he must realize how I 'm feeling because his face lightens up .
tr	I	Strands of hair had come loose from her ponytail , and her blue eyes were wide .
tr	O	The government isn 't exactly smart , but they do have one big benefit .
tr	O	Of course , I felt the same intensity of feelings for him , but it seemed like such a monumental step .
tr	O	He was standing this time rather than sitting and he looked noticeably urgent , eager about something .
tr	O	A small sigh slid from her lips when it ended , and he pulled back to answer her question .
tr	O	He could 've hit me and it would have hurt less .
tr	I	The only place that 's safe is Seaside , Oregon and I don 't freaking care if the world is ending .
tr	O	She got to her feet , and I could hear her laughing to herself as she walked out the door .
tr	O	She saw other couples strolling along across the far side as well , and she felt the sun 's heat warming her skin .
tr	O	She was used to the laws of the forest , but this was something altogether different .
tr	O	It hadn 't felt like our energies balancing , and my thoughts darted back to that static shock at the gate .
tr	I	She doesn 't put up with any shit , and I started to get nervous because I know Ellery .
tr	O	His c * ck blazed with need , and he felt everything rising up inside him .
tr	O	His mouth brushed the cotton of her glove and he had an instant fantasy of slipping that glove down to bare a narrow wrist .
tr	I	I didn 't think my father appreciated it at the moment , but the effect was stunning .
tr	O	She totally got the doctor 's anger , but this had gone far enough .
tr	I	I didn 't need it right now , and that sight would surely unhinge me today .
tr	I	Sarah bit her tongue , and Rachel brightened at this .
tr	I	I danced my heart out and I let the song take over me .
tr	O	His Collar sparked , but Graham totally ignored it to slam himself into Eric .
tr	O	He might have blindsided me with the vampire thing , but I knew without a doubt he was a good guy .
tr	O	He looks pale , and there 's a sheen of sweat on his face .
tr	O	I 'll miss you and I 'll be in touch soon .
tr	O	My cell beeps , and I quickly check the screen .
tr	I	Josh had already claimed one and there were a few more of these bed fixtures around the boat .
tr	I	They could be a family , and his brother could meet Annabelle .
tr	O	The exoteric traditions are the mainline religions , but the esoteric tradition is naturally secretive .
tr	O	The checkout girl glanced around again and her tone became more dramatic .
tr	I	He hadn 't followed up on what his guts told him and he 'd known something was wrong .
tr	O	A rough hand vigorously pulled her up and she found herself staring into his eyes .
tr	O	The karaoke lounge was two levels down , and they could hear caterwauling all the way from the elevator bank .
tr	I	Within a few beats , Grand slipped into the night and the grass rolled under the crow 's wings .
tr	O	It was dark and the stars shone brilliantly from the inky sky .
tr	I	He suspected she had no idea , which only increased her beauty but she was stunningly pretty .
tr	I	He could feel his hold slipping with each passing minute but Ransom was trying hard to hold on to his temper .
tr	O	My family tried , and they lost their lives trying to get the right pack for me .
tr	I	Owen throws in a flourish on the drums , and Rook really gets into the bass .
tr	O	It sounded serious , but she couldn 't think of anything she had done wrong recently .
tr	I	She didn 't care and she couldn 't hear what they were arguing about .
tr	I	I could have kissed him and our waiter unloaded our food .
tr	O	We have several suspects for the poisoning which did kill him , but an arrest is not likely within hours , so to speak .
tr	O	His elbow nestled next to her left breast , and he smiled .
tr	O	He saw a sign on the door , but it was too far away to read .
tr	I	My limbs were still but I wanted to rebel .
tr	I	Things were fine at home and nothing was out-of-the-ordinary at work .
tr	I	He tied it to the dock jutting out from the shore and the boat came to a stop .
tr	I	Then I saw it , and I looked around .
tr	O	He 'd never seen people so eager to hear the words of one man and simultaneously wishing they had never been summoned to listen .
tr	O	She was here on business , and she had no time for anything else .
tr	I	He said no , and I asked him if he was with you .
tr	O	Fred tried to shut his mouth to keep quiet , but the words kept tumbling over his former silver tongue .
tr	I	Then I won 't be able to work on the range anymore , and it 's only a matter of time before I wind up pregnant .
tr	O	I mean , OK , getting a handle on corruption would be a start , but I don 't even know if that would be enough .
tr	I	They are jus ' as deformed as we are , but they act as if the high lords are perfect .
tr	I	He gave me a little salute and as I watched , our eyes met .
tr	O	The lass 's eyes widened , and her head jerked back with a start , unintentionally yanking on the reins she clenched in her teeth .
tr	O	The demons faded , and a smirk spread .
tr	O	She 'd give him a call , and he could come pick her up .
tr	I	It came up coated in white dust and I ran my finger over a shelf .
tr	O	I grinned at her and she swatted my chest , giving it a playful smack .
tr	I	It works wonderfully for this , but the wire is too coarse for electronics .
tr	O	I think he made it himself , but he never said much about it .
tr	O	I am a long way off , yet I am coming for you .
tr	O	The lane to the right was open , but he wasn 't passing .
tr	I	She moved as fast as she could , and her fingers were tight on the scalpel .
tr	I	I wiped my cheeks with my dirty sleeves , and every last bit of willpower I had crumbled .
tr	I	I wasn 't even standing and it made me feel lightheaded .
tr	I	The wound is not life threatening anymore , but he will have a very sore shoulder for a while .
tr	I	I grabbed his arm , but he started to open the door .
tr	O	Malvern doesn 't smile , but his eyebrows lighten like he 's considering it .
tr	O	I 'm not even sure what I mean , but he looks like I 've just told him I 'm breaking up with him .
tr	I	Hearing him say it aloud tossed cold water on her face , but she knew that .
tr	O	Roger was still working his line , but he was staring ahead with a thunderous expression .
tr	O	It was a sound that had made strong men back away and Queens think twice about what they had ordered him to do .
tr	O	The lights fade and I find myself back on Earth .
tr	I	The hands still held him upright but he landed on his feet .
tr	I	Her arms slipped around him , and he kissed her softly .
tr	O	There was an awkward pause that made me cringe , but then Dad seemed to pull himself together .
tr	O	He clasped her elbow and together they headed toward the door off the kitchen .
tr	O	She heard footsteps coming but she just ignored it .
tr	O	Just then the barge lurched on the waves and she leaned into his grip to right herself .
tr	O	I looked over to Tyler for some type of encouragement , but he didn 't even look my way .
tr	O	Waking up with someone is the natural aftermath of sleeping with them , and that 's something that happens up there , with the grown-up heads .
tr	I	We parted to go to our respective classes , and we got to school just as the first bell rang .
tr	I	She wasn 't fooling me , but I 'm a good sport .
tr	I	His jaw was set , but he blinked .
tr	O	Dragos had crossed a line here , and there would be no going back .
tr	I	It is being sent to the prince as we speak and I have sent the news to my family .
tr	O	Joseph 's was a close family and family always came first , over work , over money , over everything .
tr	O	You came with me to get away from your life , and well , I hope you 're in a better place .
tr	I	Since Wye is at the south pole , it can arrange an influx of cold air , but [ Yes ] .
tr	O	That was the past , and she wouldn 't let it hurt her .
tr	I	Across to the large windows that allowed the late-afternoon sun to filter inside and my eyes slipped along the living area , up to the high ceilings .
tr	O	The sun 's been up for almost two hours and if you don 't get off your lazy ass , we 're gon na miss breakfast .
tr	O	Joanna herself favored assumption , but in her memoir prudently suggested it as only a possibility .
tr	I	He was below ground level and she was twenty feet high .
tr	I	They naturally wanted the best for it , and it was their baby , their brainchild .
tr	I	His version was a lot less glamorous , but thoughts of science fiction stories involving time travel came to mind .
tr	I	It comes with a bow tie on it and I have a nice work shirt for ya .
tr	I	There 's no way that 's accurate , but yes , that would make sense with the way he explained things .
tr	I	His tail swished from side to side and the mane of hair had been meticulously groomed .
tr	I	I 'm not the only one , but my ability may be rare .
tr	O	I also want you to call me Grady , or you 'll pay later for ignoring my request .
tr	I	It had become part of our negotiations with him and he 'd been flirting with me for a while .
tr	I	It doesn 't matter , but she swipes at them .
tr	I	His eyes open for a few seconds and his mouth moves slightly .
tr	I	He 'd have her soon enough and the Night Siren belonged to him .
tr	O	The words melded together , strung without the briefest pause , and Gretchen smiled at his singular ability to sell certifiable junk .
tr	O	He 'd chosen to continue covering for Robert , and that showed Cain where his true loyalties lay .
tr	I	At least he was here , but there was something in them that wasn 't right .
tr	O	He seemed confident , but Reece knew something wasn 't right .
tr	O	That fact ruined her appetite , and Wald said it so matter-of-factly .
tr	O	Tears filled my eyes and I tried to hide how intensely Julia 's words had affected me .
tr	I	He stopped walking , and a disconcerting thought crossed Michael 's mind .
tr	O	She so wanted it to be him , but no amount of scrutinising made that happen .
tr	I	We laughed , and Fido guessed .
tr	I	The icy water seeps through my shoes and the sand is rough against my skin .
tr	I	She bypassed his hand , but Talon reached for her .
tr	O	No-one else knew what had happened to the body and locating her body would damn him in the eyes of the law .
tr	O	He paused there to press gently , and this time Helen couldn 't stop herself from arching up .
tr	O	This was not a thing he had taken lightly and he needed her to understand it .
tr	O	Sure , he didn 't have as much blood as he was supposed to , but it hardly mattered .
tr	I	I could see he was worried about the increase in victims , just as I was , and he was back to a previous question .
tr	O	Her lashes lowered and she said nothing .
tr	I	I reach out to take his hand again and I realize he is mastering strong emotion .
tr	O	George said sitting next to him , and Lukas hadn 't seen him come in .
tr	O	He 'd been unafraid to experiment , and Angelina had been unafraid to let him .
tr	O	He felt the weight of her words , and at the same time the chains that bound them together spoke to him of all that sadness again .
tr	O	His brows rose and the man nodded .
tr	O	Joe 's snoring continued and Colin laughed .
tr	O	Joe didn 't move , and his eyes remained closed .
tr	I	You don 't , but you think you know it .
tr	I	The world was madly spinning around , and I was dazed , in pain .
tr	I	Max shook his head , but I started to ask .
tr	O	Kara was in the hospital and she looked beat up .
tr	I	I reach out to brace myself against the wall , and the thought of him coming out of the carriage last night makes me dizzy .
tr	O	Dying fast by falling into waters of doom , or dying slow by being driven into forlorn insanity .
tr	I	I couldn 't make out what it was , but in the center was something red .
tr	O	I thanked him , and he drove off .
tr	O	True , it did look like no one had cleaned the hallway in a year , but I was wearing my jeans .
tr	I	Peter was there to cut the ribbon and the bunker was opened as a museum .
tr	I	I adore your children and it 's wonderful here .
tr	I	She missed her Rach , and she was deeply homesick .
tr	O	I 'm able to talk about it now without shutting him down , and he 's able to accept this place .
tr	O	The rooms smelled like garlic bread , and my father was practically drooling .
tr	I	They never forgave and they never forgot .
tr	O	Mummy has been offered a job over there and without Daddy around , Mummy needs to work .
tr	I	I pull to a stop , peering across the grassland , and a glimmer comes from ahead .
tr	O	The outside board was eaten and the tar stopped the predators from getting at the inner board .
tr	I	One thing drove me absolutely wild , but I was tolerant of these peculiarities .
tr	O	A light was on inside , but no shadows moved beyond the curtains .
tr	O	The computer monitors went dark and we entered the elevator .
tr	O	We 'll have to look out for ourselves and we have to warn the others about him .
tr	O	Okay , so it was a bit sarcastic , but it still counted , right ?
tr	O	Last week , I don 't know why , but I was sure the vendor counted wrong .
tr	I	The tree came to life and Spike plugged in the lights .
tr	O	This was his lot and he would accept it .
tr	I	I almost walked straight into him , and I was being pushed on the tide of guests moving from the ballroom to the supper room .
tr	O	It rose and Ransom followed it into the back of the cave .
tr	I	Time seemed to slow , and he lay there on the floor .
tr	O	His smile faded , and he licked his lips .
tr	I	He grinned at her and she glared at him .
tr	O	Something feels familiar about the two soldiers , and when the one restraining the man turns to watch his friend , I feel a jolt of recognition .
tr	I	She could not deny its truthfulness , but it was a harsh realization , this striking difference between the two men .
tr	I	A search party found him six hours later , and he 'd chased two deer into the woods .
tr	O	The trainers departed and I approached the King .
tr	O	Sean 's lips twitched , but he didn 't laugh .
tr	I	He was physically intimidating , but he wasn 't smart .
tr	O	The transport vessel blasts off into the sky and I can ´ t wait to see her .
tr	O	My arm felt like someone pinched me , and I knew Dee 's dress was torn .
tr	O	To him it 's probably such a casual question , but to me the answer is more complicated than living .
tr	O	Less than three weeks into the job , and I was already searching the classified ads for another position .
tr	I	I notice new , darker shades pulsing in his aura , and the smile doesn 't linger on his face .
tr	I	There was a bit of a mischievous glow about him , and his tone seemed to be laced with excitement .
tr	I	A sword appears from her hip and there 's a glint of metal .
tr	O	She took the white string off her hair and her long blonde hair fell past her shoulders .
tr	I	I 'll help you in the event of an insurance claim and the chap on the motor bike is going to be fine .
tr	I	There was only emptiness and the show was over .
tr	O	The air around us warmed up , and I noticed I had been shivering .
tr	O	The room was on the second floor and the windows looked straight at the sun .
tr	I	She stepped back and Ms. Bimbo 's eyes flashed .
tr	O	It didn 't last though , and my reaction scared them too .
tr	O	She wasn 't very good at it but lounging around in her pajamas until noon felt nearly as decadent .
tr	I	He accidentally kicked her and Cooper started to stir .
tr	O	There were times he wished he could smite him , but he always restrained himself .
tr	I	She pushed him back but he held her close , not wanting to see her face .
tr	O	It was totally unexpected , and she blinked at him stupidly .
tr	O	The storm seemed to work itself into a fury , and its force smashed the wooden box into the heavy rocks of the cliff behind him .
tr	O	He didn 't tell me , and it 's not like I had the presence of mind to ask .
tr	I	I 'm totally busted and his ice blue eyes meet mine .
tr	O	He only took his eyes off Andrew for a second , but that was long enough for Andrew to lunge at him .
tr	I	Ibrahim motioned for me to wait but I was about to stand up .
tr	I	I had the best one out there and Family was the most important thing in my life .
tr	O	They walked out of the hotel , and when Rooster went left , they went right .
tr	O	The world seemed so different now , yet nothing had changed on the island .
tr	O	He clicked to Twister and they thundered across the pasture toward the calf that had come back toward them a little ways .
tr	I	He felt such a powerful well of emotion flowing toward her that nothing else would do , but the words sounded stupid to his ears .
tr	I	She chose killing , but she could have done anything to survive .
tr	I	I wince as she cries out in pain and Maddy is thrown against her seat belt .
tr	I	She hated it , and he looked tormented .
tr	O	There was nothing wrong with Tessa 's eyes , but the glasses were sometimes useful in projecting an image .
tr	I	She gasped and her eyes flew open .
tr	O	Albert turned off the lights in the galley , and they retired to the stateroom .
tr	I	It piqued the male show-off gene just a bit as well , but the extra bit of testosterone not only drove his muscles harder .
tr	O	We come to you with broken beaks And wings like crippled birds .
tr	I	She grasped onto it with desperation and the touch of a leather strap brushed against Echo 's hand .
tr	I	She knew better , but he could hope .
tr	O	A knock at the door drew my attention away from myself and I looked over to see Jericho standing in the doorway .
tr	I	I certainly don 't have any feelings for him , and I don 't even know if I can entirely trust him .
tr	O	Kiersten moved into a house on our street about a month ago , and Kel seems to have developed a slight crush on her .
tr	O	Ropes began to smoke , and pulleys squealed as the massive cage plummeted toward the chasm floor .
tr	O	The rain had stopped and the clouds were dissipating .
tr	O	That made Luisa drop the Molotov , and she was pushed to the wall .
tr	I	He was not about to say that , but being rudely summoned before the heir to the throne with no explanation was highly unusual .
tr	I	Her breathing evened out , and her leg remained steady .
tr	I	She 'd picked better looking things than her off the bottom of her shoes , and he looked hot enough to make her one good ankle buckle .
tr	O	I managed a tiny nod , and that was all she needed .
tr	I	She saw no point in arguing , but Brimstone strictly did not buy immature teeth , not animal , not human .
tr	I	We both laughed , and Felix placed his hand on his chest .
tr	I	The inner harbor was filled with many ships , and the city seemed to wrap around the harbor .
tr	O	He wanted to call her but he knew he had no reason .
tr	O	Her chin got that stubborn tilt to it , and I shook my head .
tr	O	Twenty minutes , Reyes reminded himself , and then he could be with Danika again .
tr	I	There was a good chance that he would die before she 'd ever spoken to him , and she 'd finally found someone to love .
tr	O	Clark asked , and she shook her head .
tr	I	It 's making me nervous and she 's being really quiet .
tr	O	I could strategically steer our conversation by raising certain subjects , and Vee could blather on forever about them .
tr	O	We 've always had a bit of tension between us ; but lately , every time we see each other , the air is charged with electricity .
tr	I	She was absorbing the sensation of our coupling and those dark , mysterious eyes were now closed .
tr	O	It was a silly , two-year-old thing to do , but I couldn 't help it .
tr	O	We 'll be here all night , and that 's just for a start .
tr	I	When she didn 't he chuckled , and Jake waited for her to answer .
tr	I	I hate knowing that we may never talk again and the finality of our conversation crackles through the air .
tr	I	A peek through the shutters revealed a muddy boar , grubbing around , but he had been startled earlier by something large moving past the cabin .
tr	O	He made a strangled cry and I soothed his back again .
tr	O	Chapter 7 Everything in Kira froze at the feel of those sharp fangs puncturing her skin , but she wasn 't prepared for what happened next .
tr	O	He remained standing beside the desk , but as she kept her gaze upon the pages of her accounts , he at last gave a low chuckle .
tr	O	I hesitated , the blackness receding just a bit , but I held them strong there in front of me .
tr	I	It doesn 't seem possible , but it could 've been .
tr	O	I could have slipped off the ledge at that moment , but Jim put a hand on my shoulder to steady me .
tr	O	The facts were that Thomas had fangs and she was pretty sure he 'd bitten her .
tr	I	She still didn 't completely understand Jason 's motivation , and Hope knew that .
tr	I	It wasn 't there , but I thought I had hung my cardigan over the back of one of them .
tr	O	It was an oddly erotic sensation , and her body quickened in remembrance .
tr	O	The sisters had walked through this magical wood for a little while and were both feeling a little bit hungry .
tr	O	Blood coated his rain-soaked worsted suit , and his eyes were wide , bewildered .
tr	O	A loud wail erupted from the back of a young girl , and putting down her panga , she moved the baby around front .
tr	O	She held out a hand , and he shook it .
tr	O	Chapter Five The doorbell rang and Rachel 's dad , John , ran to see who it was .
tr	I	That wasn 't going to happen , but what she needed was a woman .
tr	I	I still know it 's there , but it 's hard to feel pain sometimes now .
tr	I	It wasn 't like Stacey wasn 't popular , and I could be a terrible friend at times .
tr	O	She looked up , hoping to see a smile on his face but he did not seem notice her .
tr	O	A knife appeared from her sleeve in a twist of her wrist , and she held the blade to Elaina 's throat .
tr	O	He turns in a circle so that everyone can see him , and then stops to face the direction of the empty royal balconies .
tr	O	Oban opened his mouth to call for that vote , but a crest rose into the air before he could .
tr	I	Now she reached all the way to the back , fingers desperately searching , and she 'd seen him return that key to this middle desk drawer .
tr	I	They knew the objects were dangerous , but they wanted to find out exactly how they worked .
tr	I	In a few hours , they 're going to kill us , and they 've got all three of our Legions dead to rights .
tr	O	Gregori had to take Savannah to safety , but he knew he would not be leaving the humans of the city to face the threat alone .
tr	O	Andrew rises , but it is Nicholas who emerged , drawn from Andrew , his face fierce with hatred .
tr	I	His boss seemed to have it in for him , and he couldn 't see what he was doing wrong .
tr	I	He liked it just as much as the slim fitting skirts but Today 's little floaty number was a complete deviation from the norm .
tr	I	They ´ ve got guns , big guns and it ´ s dark .
tr	O	His fingers dipped into my panties and two of them found their way inside of me .
tr	O	It was supper time and Nomi 's mother offered lunch to the officer who gladly accepted the offer .
tr	O	By this point nothing should have surprised the boy , and yet everything did .
tr	O	Alfie said nothing , but his eyes were darting about like frantic ferrets .
tr	O	It took a moment , but he began to focus on people .
tr	I	The angry lines around his eyes have gone deeper and his face is beet red .
tr	I	Little globules of red blood floated out from under the cover and it split .
tr	I	I wish I could remember my dad , but I have a few good memories of my mom .
tr	O	We didn 't all go crazy like Dad after your resurrection malfunction , but it wasn 't any easier on us kids .
tr	O	Skyler hadn 't come to that realization yet , but Dimitri saw it in his eyes .
tr	O	He is not prone to such emotional displays , but that doesn 't mean he feels nothing .
tr	I	The stars had come out , and the sun had long since set .
tr	O	She was always all right with me , but it was your father she really had it in for .
tr	O	Dangerous she knew , but she had pride .
tr	O	Draping her arms around him for a moment and exchanging a very passionate kiss .
tr	O	I never take baths , or I haven 't since I was a little girl .
tr	I	The shimmery color was in the thread , not painted on , but Jane scratched at the gold vine on the bedspread again .
tr	I	There was a sense of expectancy that permeated the air , and Tension was thick .
tr	I	Mikael drew back shaking his head , but he must 've pulled it off .
tr	O	The branch quivered and the leaves rattled .
tr	I	I really don 't care all that much , and no one says anything to me about my demotion .
tr	I	She could have quit then , and Burnout had hit her after a short time back in the field after her kidnapping .
tr	O	I may have been a virgin when you met me , but I have definitely not led a sheltered life .
tr	I	We are just sitting here and she 's come all this way to find us .
tr	I	Privacy was not a luxury we could afford , but we had an audience that included her uncle .
tr	O	The guy carelessly flung her arm back at her , and Devon immediately took a step away from him .
tr	I	She heard the uncharacteristic note of sharpness in her voice , and she asked .
tr	I	I want her inner thoughts and something 's digging at her .
tr	O	I easily found the hotel , but the lot was almost full .
tr	I	Mike raised a hand to him and Tom came into view down below .
tr	I	That pain would be waiting for him , ready to pounce , and it would end too soon no matter what he did .
tr	I	There 's a rule you can only stay one night , and Evil sticks far away due to the enchantments around it .
tr	O	Until the sky turned dark we practiced , changed melodies , changed pitches , and finally , we completed our set list .
tr	I	She wouldn 't have done anything to jeopardize Aden 's health , but she might have gone to see her brother .
tr	I	I don 't remember that , really , but they said I tried to get out .
tr	O	The ocean was so vast outside my window , and all I could think was that the list was out there somewhere .
tr	I	No , he had to find the perfect one but there were so many other people he could have hired to cover for Jenna .
tr	O	He swung at my head but I quickly put him in his place .
tr	O	Glass here was dark not even because of the dirt , but because it was so tinted it turned almost opaque .
tr	I	She waved at the rows of cars and they rounded a high hedge which had hidden the parking lot .
tr	O	I announce and that seems to re-energize everyone .
tr	O	She thought she 'd just imagined that he 'd looked like that the night she 'd been attacked , but now she knew she 'd been wrong .
tr	I	You have someone to take care of you and I 'm here .
tr	I	There 's no way I 'm going to squander it and I feel like I have been given a second chance to prove myself .
tr	I	I remembered the look on Trenton 's face , and my eyes filled with tears as my mind replayed the scene .
tr	O	Jeffery had also wondered the same question and he didn 't like what he suspected .
tr	O	I 'd volunteered right away when he mentioned it , and I was happy for the distraction this morning .
tr	I	There was no other way to do it , but I 'm sorry I left under false pretences .
tr	I	Each man stated he had not seen Timmy anywhere , but he approached the others .
tr	O	In a graceful moment it crouched and the two were face to face .
tr	O	I ran into the barn and I thought of the horses .
tr	O	The galleries were constantly packed with jeering crowds , and Kurt would never find a friend among them .
tr	I	He shoved it aside , but Guilt rose .
tr	O	The sounds of heavy footsteps came up from behind him and he felt a hand grab his arm .
tr	I	I can 't help it , but I know I 'm strong .
tr	O	I wasn 't prepared for the instant pain that radiated through my body at the same time , but I made sure the knife made it through .
tr	I	It treats her engine right , but it may be more expensive .
tr	I	His face softened and he looked up .
tr	O	I felt like there was a giant bubbling volcano inside me and it was on the verge of erupting with insanely hot lava .
tr	I	I spent most of the time asleep , and whatever was in the sweet tonic Walter kept pouring down my throat worked .
tr	O	He might not have a kingdom , but Lan was a king .
tr	I	No one had seen it in over two months , but okay , so I 'd neglected my sacred place .
tr	O	She knew he wouldn 't be happy but she had to do something .
tr	O	He didn 't know what he had been expecting , but it hardly surprised him when the worn armchair remained conspicuously empty .
tr	O	The way he set his jaw indicated a stronger emotional response than the one he gave , but Jasmine ignored it .
tr	O	You weren 't breathing and we couldn 't find a heartbeat .
tr	O	With any luck she would lose her chips quickly and the game would be over .
tr	O	His thumb rubbed warmth onto my cheek and his steady gaze suggested he didn 't mind my fear .
tr	O	A lock of his hair falls forward , and I resist the impulse to smooth it back into place .
tr	I	A wash of lamplight flooded in , and the door grated open a crack .
tr	I	They needed that OR and there was an emergency .
tr	O	Compassion squeezed her heart , and Ainsley reached up to touch his face .
tr	O	She hoped he wouldn 't be much longer , but she knew men could take forever in the bathroom at times .
tr	I	She missed him horribly , and she had only seen him once in the last couple of weeks .
tr	I	It showed on his face and he hadn 't been sleeping well at night .
tr	I	I ducked behind a tree , and Mrs. Caputo 's car came around the corner .
tr	I	I had no right to give it , and I 'd taken life .
tr	O	Lou placed the piece of paper in Alan 's hand , and Alan went out to drag his mower from the garage .
tr	O	It had been perhaps a decade since I had visited with her on any real level , and she seemed not to have aged a single year .
tr	I	A law enforcement officer second and Walt was a politician first .
tr	O	They have everything and yet they want more .
tr	O	They know its power , and they know its power over Shifters .
tr	O	In the end Mexico relinquished its hold on Belize , but the ripples of that invasion spread through South America .
tr	I	She still had an allergy to hospitals , but she probably should have had them augmented like everyone else in her Miami circle .
tr	I	I nodded as I stuffed my battered member back into my pants gingerly and she made a face .
tr	O	If you have a problem , just say so and I 'm off .
tr	I	Had one of the worst personalities of all the people I have ever seen and I was not a good guy .
tr	I	I snapped out of my reverie , and Lightning lit up the sky , followed by a symphony of thunder .
tr	I	It was his first case back from behind a desk , but it wasn 't his first case back since his surgery .
tr	O	I don 't know anything about cars , but I can at least pretend .
tr	O	His expression sobered and the light faded from his eyes .
tr	O	I 'm the land , and the land is me .
tr	I	I 'll call you later , but I have to go .
tr	I	She thought he might be smiling at her , but she wasn 't sure .
tr	I	I walk over to put on my shoes and I let my hands drop to my sides .
tr	O	The hands shot up and Nate started pointing out people to ask their question .
tr	O	I should have called the police first , but something made me call her .
tr	I	He was in charge , and like she was the weak one , the charity case .
tr	O	Rand 's face hardened , and he blushed just faintly , turning away from them .
tr	I	Her nail just scraped off the top but she poked it to try break the ice .
tr	O	The traitor did have a weak chin , yet one of the dark-haired men hardly had any .
tr	I	She couldn 't give me friends , but mom could give me an education .
tr	I	She brushes my fingertips with hers and I reach out my hand .
tr	O	A throng of bodies sail through the doors , and in minutes , it 's wall-to-wall people .
tr	I	We still don 't know what the charm does and it is charmed by a demon .
tr	O	It irked me but I couldn 't let her get to me .
tr	I	She realized that she had begun to lean out over the stone parapet , and Ashe 's concerned voice sounded in her ear .
tr	I	It was stupid of me to linger on the stairs with Kiran , and it was stupid of me to rush up the stairs so quickly .
tr	O	Grabbing his head and holding him close , as we approached the final moment - so intense , so unbelievable .
tr	O	Hudson 's voice was hoarse , and I ground back into him .
tr	O	The idea that it wasn 't really a tree persisted , yet a tree was the best representation she could possibly grasp .
tr	I	I cried out , panting and he nipped at my fingers .
tr	O	It 's a weak segue as far as they go , but it seems to satisfy Calder for now .
tr	O	He watched as her brows snapped together and her eyes flashed .
tr	I	We sat on the couch together and he carried me to the living room .
tr	O	You have your degree and this would give you a nice financial cushion .
tr	O	My shoulder gives a dull throb as if to punctuate my thought , but I know it is only an echo caused by my remembrance .
tr	O	I realize you 're not a fairy , but they did work a change in you .
tr	O	Within minutes Tex sped by in the Range Rover , sunglasses on and attention totally focused in on everything straight ahead .
tr	O	This world had need of only one rebellion and that was a rebellion against these rebels .
tr	O	His hands were resting , palms down upon his thighs , and his eyes were transfixed upon the events unfolding before him .
tr	O	I have my own sources and they tell me you have something you call the Apple , which you found under the Sistine Chapel some years ago .
tr	O	Michigan 's gross humidity was adding to their misery , and he didn 't look forward to the long twelve hour days .
tr	I	He didn 't feel anything , and his nerve endings had calmed .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but Mary knew she was screaming .
tr	I	The girl 's eyes seemed to follow her , but she held the locket away from her face .
tr	O	It took Mad Rogan 's people over an hour to pull us out , and the police detained us for questioning for another hour .
tr	O	They helped her stand up and her legs wobbled shakily .
tr	O	She was scheduled to give her presentation the following Wednesday , and she knew it would be a success .
tr	O	Suddenly her necklace started to glow , and she widened her eyes in amazement .
tr	I	No sound came out , but she mouthed the last word .
tr	I	Color brought the image to life , but the black work laid the foundation .
tr	O	Things had been far from easy in my kingdoms , but a few things had helped us through this disaster .
tr	I	Mr. Clearwater thinks he can get two more homes done this summer beyond those planned , and a big grant came in .
tr	I	Conor noticed a hint of a tattoo winding away into his sleeve , but his animal was not evident .
tr	I	She blushed even harder and her eyes widened again .
tr	I	She could feel him trying to penetrate her mind and his steely eyes narrowed on Cassandra with intense interest .
tr	I	I think my adrenaline was still in full force playing out every moment in my head , but I tried to sleep while my family slept .
tr	O	His eyes fell to my lips and I licked them , anticipating the kiss I knew he wanted to share .
tr	O	The house looked exceptionally tidy and Rose was not there .
tr	O	Karen is with me , but she isn 't helping .
tr	I	She reeled backward on the platform of the ladder , and she was panting , out of breath .
tr	I	He 's free , and I 've spoken to Darren .
tr	I	Her thong is too revealing and the shirt 's too short .
tr	O	Two years ago I was at a party and a beautiful woman took my hand .
tr	I	The two women mounted and the men waited as the horses were brought .
tr	O	He didn 't look happy , but he kept his mouth shut .
tr	O	Raja already did not like Bryce but he said it mostly for Clarice .
tr	I	The door is slipping back into place and soon the entire cell is vibrating with the warning .
tr	O	Her jaw dropped and she sank onto the couch .
tr	O	We discarded the contents of one of the duffel bags and Jones stuffed it with small pillows from around the house .
tr	I	We 'll always be together and I want to tell her that she 's right , that I 'll never leave .
tr	I	Tandy a vintner with a notorious father , and cornwallis was now Lord Lieutenant of Ireland .
tr	I	You love me , and I love you .
tr	I	She definitely could create effect , and she could be dramatic , too .
tr	I	It had kept me alive this long , but yes , I was probably being paranoid .
tr	O	She wouldn 't like that , of course , but he didn 't care .
tr	I	Only he could do it and they had to be stopped .
tr	O	The door opened and the hugest man Andy had ever seen filled the hole where it had been .
tr	O	He hung up and I raked my fingers through my hair .
tr	I	Couples begin to disappear from the dance floor without returning , and the night gets late .
tr	I	It sounded pathetic , and I had half a page written .
tr	I	The flames shot up the stone instantly , heading to lick at the ceiling and she slammed her hands against the nearby wall .
tr	O	She was on his bad side , though , and the reminder instantly sobered her .
tr	O	If I was sure I could do it , I would 've just transported us all , but our group was abnormally large .
tr	O	She 'd started out protecting him from bad news , but deceit was an icy road that spun you around .
tr	O	The current screen vanished and another took its place .
tr	I	We 'll take care of it now and I need to know who you owe .
tr	I	Sirens sounded and lights flashed .
tr	I	There were some who were more powerful , and she knew there were others like him .
tr	O	Bill had his headphones on and the music cranked up in his ears , locking into his coding world .
tr	I	Kenny wants to be outside , but the December day is crisp .
tr	I	Her head said yes , but no , her heart said .
tr	O	She tried to grab Anna by the elbow to steer her toward her tent but her hand went through .
tr	I	Some people cared , but I know it must 've been hard to see that .
tr	I	There was a ball forming in the depths of my pharynx , nearly crippling it and my throat felt tight .
tr	O	Tanya motioned for Tom to step forward and he did .
tr	O	He didn 't try to stop me , and that only spurred me on .
tr	O	Then the smile was back , but he was shaking his head .
tr	O	I was facing Zeus , and Hades was behind me .
tr	O	Klaudia 's eyes had opened , and she stared straight at Aria .
tr	I	The fight on the beach is out of my control , and I can only be in one place at a time .
tr	O	I know your point and I understand your anger .
tr	O	I turn , and Mom 's blurry face is looking through the railings of a hospital bed .
tr	I	She gave me her attention and I gave her my time .
tr	I	I was going to stick with that , and my initial reaction had been right .
tr	I	Davidson passed it off with a remark , but Baker looked surprised .
tr	O	The crowd roared again , and the only thing missing was loud music .
tr	I	I really think I hated him right then , and Apollo showed no reaction .
tr	I	Right this moment he is sitting , sipping his whiskey , but when he stands the whole world can see it .
tr	O	I didn 't know the exact distance from old Austin to New Austin , but it wasn 't too far to walk .
tr	O	Before Crispin could reply , Frances rose to her feet again , and grabbing hold of Crispin 's arm , literally wrenched him out of his seat .
tr	I	I reached round behind me to pull out the food , but I flushed .
tr	O	I felt so wet and his tongue felt so good inside me .
tr	O	He swings twice , hard , and I hear a horrible crack .
tr	I	Micah waved her off but Jules lifted her stick as I got closer .
tr	O	That would set her off and everyone would know about it .
tr	I	He 'd have to spend something to rebuild readership , but of course , Colin 's changes would cost money .
tr	O	I didn 't tell Friedrich , but he asked me an awful lot of questions about you .
tr	I	The curb was congested with street peddlers , and people still walked rapidly in both directions .
tr	I	Then she guessed it was part of his profession to do so , but the man was really thinking ahead .
tr	O	In the distance Rachel could hear loud bells ringing , and then , after a moment of silence , cannons going off .
tr	O	As he turned around , she was standing and he couldn 't stop smiling .
tr	O	We made a good evening of it but I wondered at the lack of servants .
tr	O	Anne Marie wanted her to retain as much as possible and Ellen practiced every chance she got , especially on Baxter .
tr	O	You may recall the headless horseman was a Hessian , but I digress .
tr	O	It left with an audible pop and I felt more myself .
tr	I	The door unlocked and he swiped it through the reader .
tr	I	Valentine kicked it hard , sending it skittering under the table as Luke collapsed and it hit the floor with a hollow clang .
tr	O	Her head rested on his chest , and her fiery hair tickled his skin .
tr	I	I hesitate on the edge of the crowd , but it looks like a fun time .
tr	I	Suddenly they heard two men 's voices coming up the stairs , and they waited about ten minutes .
tr	I	The weight of the unknown lifted , and a tiny smile broke inside me .
tr	O	She lay slack but her face was twisted as if with pain .
tr	O	His fingertips touched my lips , and I opened my mouth for him .
tr	I	The newlyweds dramatically contrasted each other , and they married on her twenty-third birthday .
tr	I	Once it started moving they decided to visit the various cars , but The found their seats on the train easily .
tr	O	Noah asks as his tears are gone and a smile is back on his kind face .
tr	O	Dad disappeared about the time I was ten and Mom took on two jobs to make ends meet .
tr	O	Haddington has been seeking his long lost grandson for some time and now he has two claimants as guests in his house .
tr	O	It was heavy , but she barely felt it .
tr	I	If he could 've without hurting her , he would 've scooped her up and a laugh burst from him .
tr	O	I needed sleep and I needed it badly .
tr	I	I imagine it would be like holding a huge slippery bag of marbles , but I have never touched him .
tr	I	She was too angry to speak , but an outraged squeak escaped her lips .
tr	O	That cooled Clarice momentarily and she scanned the room .
tr	O	He muttered an embarrassed goodbye , and I nodded as I left .
tr	I	She missed her next step , and the action jolted her .
tr	I	Then I realize I 'm happy to be on my own , but I consider waiting for him .
tr	O	A thin membrane stretched between the fingers , and visible scales snaked down the top of his forearm .
tr	O	Devon should have moved on , but he wanted to hear if they said anything about him .
tr	I	We both start laughing and she looks over at me .
tr	O	Ashland knocked on my door a few minutes early , but thankfully I was ready to go .
tr	I	The skin at the back of my neck crawled like it always did when someone was watching me , and the silence grew heavy .
tr	I	There 's no need to sit in some hotel room , waiting for us , and you don 't have a ticket for the show .
tr	I	The computer was asleep , and the gate was empty .
tr	I	I woke up with my memory returning , and I was dreaming about it .
tr	I	That was not something I wanted to discuss at the moment , but I wanted him as mentally with me as he could be .
tr	O	He was browner in color than his mother , and his mane was the blond color of her own hair .
tr	O	Dad hands me a glass of water and I drink half of it .
tr	I	You need fear nothing , and Trust everything to Him .
tr	I	You will not see the light of day and you will not escape me !
tr	I	Then I stopped after a few paces because I could now see almost nothing in the pitch dark interior , but I moved inside .
tr	O	He could feel her shaking in his arms , but he kept a tight reassuring grip on her .
tr	I	I hold up my finger , but she starts to say something .
tr	O	Rose laughed , but there was no mirth in it .
tr	I	She knows I know she knows and she knows .
tr	I	That confirmed his own suspicion , and she looked pale .
tr	I	I think I know why , but you didn 't call again .
tr	I	Then stopped when I got near the bottom , and I ran past her , down the hill .
tr	I	He kicked at the swivel chair with one violent motion , clenching his fist , and his face was contorted .
tr	O	He 'd tried to give her an injection , but she 'd refused that too .
tr	I	Under it her voice was shaking , but she sounded huffy .
tr	O	Her tone was tough and I looked down sheepishly .
tr	I	She would not , but she wanted to cry in frustration at the hand that fate dealt her .
tr	O	Her eyes are narrowed , but she looks scared too .
tr	I	If I enter through the shop , Mom will know , but this way in is only for emergencies .
tr	O	Ron took a corner fast and Sara slid against the door .
tr	O	I 'm not sure , but I believe it will do .
tr	I	It spread out over quite an area , but the two-story building wasn 't large .
tr	I	No one on his staff would work , but he needed a new spy .
tr	I	Jack repeated his words calmly and my eyes flew open .
tr	I	He gazed down at the woman he loved and the door clicked as Julie walked back out .
tr	I	I didn 't care , and he wasn 't mine .
tr	O	It 's hard to resist him , but I know I have to .
tr	I	The fire in his dark eyes nearly roasted her and he shot her a look filled with sexual intent .
tr	I	The great wall of the Preserve was breached for a hundred meters in either direction and much of the main compound aboveground was incinerated in the fireball .
tr	O	Oh , she was a tease and I was taking the bait .
tr	I	He couldn 't even think about going on without her , and Kara had become his life .
tr	I	A small beep announced the opening of a discreet panel in the door and he tapped in a six figure code .
tr	I	We soon get into the rhythm , but it is quiet an effort at first .
tr	I	They listened to Victoria 's voice and he set the phone on the coffee table .
tr	O	The walls were draped with white velvet , and the floor polished ebony .
tr	O	Dom 's gun went off again and I hugged my body against the tunnel wall .
tr	I	I 'm not , but I thought I was ready .
tr	O	I spoke to a spider , and the next thing you know , my brother turns up .
tr	O	The moon had ducked behind the tree tops , but it didn 't look like the sun was going to come up quite yet .
tr	I	A cool breeze plays at Elaine 's white curtains and Shelton had opened all the windows in the house .
tr	O	Chris had given him just enough leeway to be able to breathe , but it was like sucking air through a stirring straw .
tr	O	I 'd already been noticed , and he was beaming at me .
tr	I	Selena 's voice halted me , but I started to rise up onto my elbows , sighing in relief .
tr	O	The blow might have taken out the body , but the soul that rested within would be unaffected .
tr	O	I must teach , and you must learn .
tr	I	Carrying others , but a mister might lift smaller objects ?
tr	O	Anger flashed in his dark eyes and he made a visible effort to pull himself together .
tr	O	Even his fingers were clean and he smelled faintly of soap .
tr	O	The happiness she displayed earlier was gone and now she was in a somber state .
tr	I	I knew it and he was right .
tr	I	It tugged at her sleeve but she tried to ignore it .
tr	I	I feel his hand on my shoulder and the strain flows out of his voice .
tr	I	She did recognize the stamp of confidence he carried , the complete self-possession , but raven didn 't recognize him .
tr	O	I invited Theresa to come , to stand next to Mom , but she graciously declined .
tr	O	Sean could protect me , and I needed him tonight .
tr	O	A million snappy comebacks flood my mind , but I hold them in check .
tr	O	The nurse was surprised by his question and a look of confusion crossed her face .
tr	O	The prosecutor couldn 't hand-pick his jury , but Kern could resurrect the specter of jury tampering .
tr	I	My scabbard was empty , but I leapt to my feet , reaching for the rapier at my belt .
tr	O	That was reality , and there wasn 't any future in indulging fantasies .
tr	I	My face unpleasantly flushed , and I felt stripped bear .
tr	I	You can almost see how happy they are to be together , and they 're friendly with one another .
tr	O	She 'd pulled on her helmet , but the face shield was up as she straddled the bike .
tr	I	His bruises are almost gone and his ribs have healed up .
tr	O	It weighs a ton and you can 't take it .
tr	I	Ty knew he was processing , but Zane hadn 't said anything .
tr	I	They become like sharks on a feeding frenzy and this is when a competition chromosome kicks in .
tr	I	Sally did not , but Bart remained indifferent .
tr	I	She blinked rapidly to break away from his mesmerizing spell , and Jaxon felt a little lost .
tr	I	I believe they shape who we are and we all make poor choices from time to time .
tr	O	An engagement ring represented something to me and I didn 't want to dishonor it .
tr	I	For a moment he appears self-conscious and the corner of Anthony 's lips twitches .
tr	O	She smiled at him , sultry , knowing , and then she parted her lips .
tr	I	He breathed in deeply and his hands rested on his flat stomach .
tr	I	She soon joined in and we both laughed at her .
tr	O	I don 't have any idea what to do , and I have two kids to take care of .
tr	O	The door swung open then and Lady Hutchinson strode in with Caroline following closely behind her , chattering away .
tr	O	Rand was in shock but Rand was not crazy .
tr	O	She kissed him again , but he tore back .
tr	I	Most of his attraction was in his big personality , but he was attractive .
tr	I	I wanted to snap at her , ask her where she wanted me to begin , and it seemed like a ridiculous question .
tr	I	She helped him take it off her and he slipped his hand below her shirt .
tr	I	I had no way to tell her that , but tex I NEEDED MO TO move a little to the right .
tr	O	We walked for days , but it felt like weeks .
tr	I	Cory wasn 't buying it , but Allen 's tone was friendly .
tr	I	He 'll die or he needs this .
tr	I	I swayed as my body screamed for me to get away from him , and my eyes fell shut .
tr	O	This was his chance , maybe his only chance , and he didn 't want to go down in flames .
tr	I	This was one of those clouded moments and the uncertainty created a paused calculation of the obvious .
tr	I	My skin prickle everywhere , and the cool air hit my body like a wall of ice .
tr	O	My friends knew a lot about my past , but I kept my uncle 's creepy perv tendencies to myself .
tr	I	I fall , and half way down the stairs , my legs give out on me .
tr	O	He wasn 't certain how he would survive the upcoming weeks without his wife , but it was too dangerous to bring her with him .
tr	O	The fitters were putting the pipework back to normal and he was conscious that a great moment had passed .
tr	O	Penetrating cold bit into my fingers and climbed up my arms .
tr	O	Finn 's expression was relaxed , but he sat straight , feet on the floor .
tr	I	He stubbornly declared otherwise , but Ashe was ambivalent about it .
tr	I	Jackson could see a dingy furnished home full of what looked like heavily used thrift store furniture and a second later the room was full of light .
tr	I	She had to do what she could to make this go away , but his sympathy made her feel guilty for shading the truth .
tr	I	I was sitting there in my clothes waiting for her and Lor came in that morning .
tr	O	It is news to me , yet it does not surprise me .
tr	O	The world seemed to stand still and I swallowed painfully .
tr	I	Slide on fresh lip gloss while waiting for him and I glance at my watch a few times .
tr	O	I could wriggle my right hand , but that was it .
tr	O	She climbed down from her horse , and the rest of the Vikings dismounted .
tr	O	I expected more of you , but what 's done is done .
tr	O	Her words were meant to be empathetic , but her eyes were devoid of emotion .
tr	O	Haven stared into his eyes for a long moment , and she could feel that connective pull growing stronger with each passing second .
tr	I	One of the thugs shoved a gag in the policeman 's mouth just then , but he might 've said something .
tr	O	That 's my excuse and I 'm sticking with it .
tr	O	He hit Daniel with another blast and Daniel fell hard to the ground .
tr	I	He cut her off , but she went to speak .
tr	O	I guess it was far from perfect , but just for a moment I forgot .
tr	I	He held out his hands and his shoulders drooped .
tr	O	My heart was going a mile a minute , and my stomach twisted nervously as Ash 's footsteps followed me into the room .
tr	O	I could only guess what he truly was , but vampire was at the top of my list .
tr	O	Even I cannot say the sources of these rumours but if Richard believes them he may think you a traitor .
tr	O	My heart beat faster but I kept my cool .
tr	I	I have to , but you don 't need to watch .
tr	I	His green eyes met mine and he pulled back .
tr	O	She was bad for him , so very bad , and he couldn 't seem to care that she was messing with his head .
tr	O	Peter was in love with Laura , and that was never going to change .
tr	I	We were all there for the same purpose , but sure , some I knew better than others .
tr	O	The rover only has one airlock , and the bedroom was attached to it .
tr	O	It seemed to her that it had just begun and he was gently setting her away with a groan .
tr	O	He wanted her to trust in the idea , but her eyes left his .
tr	I	He knew and Sebastian looked at her .
tr	I	All my anger melted away and I gazed into Devin 's pleading eyes .
tr	I	It would have to do , but it was slightly too long .
tr	I	I did not know why , but I , at that young age , only understood that her mood had changed .
tr	O	She realized struggling would do no good , but perhaps she could coax him with words .
tr	I	She surges forward , listening and I whisper to her for speed .
tr	I	We left Light Land and once everyone was gone from the trial room Claire opened a portal .
tr	I	He had to buy an extra moment , but Jake shivered in his armor .
tr	O	On the other hand she may want him to kiss her , and his lack of reciprocation could cause even more offence .
tr	I	It seemed the traffic lights were against me , but I prayed for a red light to pause us on our trip .
tr	I	It was no use , but she tried to run faster .
tr	O	He hit the light switch , and I instinctively closed my eyes as the light blinded me .
tr	I	Jeff leaned down to open the door for her , and the cab pulled up next to them .
tr	I	I could see real fear behind his eyes as he came to a startling conclusion , and he looked over at me .
tr	O	They have made Shadow miserable and they know this .
tr	I	They helped get me an early release if I remained in their custody and the Jedi needed all the pilots they could get .
tr	I	You could still see the writing , but most of the paint was scratched off the embossed moon .
tr	I	It was hard for me , but I wanted to flirt back .
tr	I	Something nameless steaming from somewhere deep inside the animal but she smelled the dog , too : not just its fur .
tr	I	He wouldn 't be right much longer , but she hated when he was right .
tr	O	The temptation to stay was strong , but she couldn 't let him uproot his life because of her .
tr	I	His other hand slid down to play with the waist of my shorts and one of his hands slid up to cup the back of my head .
tr	O	You do not know me , because you cannot merge your mind with mine , but I can read your thoughts , your memories .
tr	O	I 've got dream disorder issues , too , and they make stable , long-term relationships very difficult .
tr	I	It 's weird to feel so alone , but I know he 's never far away .
tr	I	Their robes remained tight against their forms and despite everything their cheeks glowed with vigor .
tr	I	They can 't stop it , but they slowed the Flare down .
tr	I	He saw her number coming up every time , and it had caller ID , certainly .
tr	O	Jason was pretty sure he knew what was about to happen and it made his stomach turn .
tr	O	She entered through a door cut in the huge trunk and the others followed to find themselves in the common room of an inn .
tr	I	She didn 't want to let go of the comforter , but she wanted to rub her eyes .
tr	O	The sweet juice hit my tongue and I quickly drank more .
tr	O	A police car pulled in to the side of the fire truck , and Sheriff Bud Dearborn got out of the driver 's seat .
tr	O	Open the hatch and down they go .
tr	O	The woman was none of these but for this , her very important cause , she could be .
tr	O	Suddenly they 'd stopped , and while he stared at them , they stayed Still .
tr	I	David refused to acknowledge it but Noelle 's eyelids fluttered in response to his voice .
tr	O	I tried to spit it out , but a hand clamped over my mouth .
tr	O	Ibrahim could give him the appearance of a human temporarily , but even he didn 't know how to truly turn my father back .
tr	I	We were almost ready , and the party was tomorrow .
tr	I	The police just left my office , but I 'm sorry to bother you .
tr	I	He took a step back and Sali 's eyes were wide .
tr	I	I scrambled to get to the door , nearly tripping on my shoes laying on the floor in the process , and there was a second knock .
tr	O	It was odd , but she was suddenly sure of that .
tr	I	Magically becoming the Sean Kendrick I saw in the butcher shop as he does and he shrugs the jacket on , suddenly .
tr	I	My heels click on the polished floor and I swallow hard as I step out .
tr	O	The tension on my shoulders was unbearable and I was finding it hard to breath .
tr	I	Instead she rolled away after knocking him down , but Damien expected claws to tear down his stomach .
tr	O	There were two other chairs in the office and he was lining them up next to each other so he could sit on them .
tr	I	You 'll see the tarmac when you round the corner and keep walking along the building -- to the left -- .
tr	I	Adela gave him a questioning glance , and there was a beat of silence .
tr	I	Perhaps she 'd occasionally gone to him or she assumed he 'd come back for Sharon .
tr	O	It gave slightly under his paws and it slowed him a bit .
tr	O	They used too much voltage and her heart stopped right off .
tr	I	The man mentioned something about a stirred anthill and the boy asked what all the fuss was about .
tr	O	Julie was angry at what had been done to them , but Amanda Beyer 's drug-induced delirium aside , the trip was never of her design .
tr	I	Her eyes stared at my shoes and she turned back .
tr	I	The need for blood are bound together and it will push your control until the need for release .
tr	I	He shoved it back down but the word rang in his head loudly .
tr	O	I stood on my tiptoes , extending my arm , but I just couldn 't seem to stretch far enough .
tr	O	Vivienne said the same reassurances I kept telling myself , but still , it didn 't seem enough .
tr	I	It wasn 't because of Percy , and there was only one reason they 'd play a stodgy election party .
tr	I	Matt had to restrain himself from kissing her right then , and she asked , a little frown wrinkling her forehead .
tr	I	It was about time I did something about it , and I was done with that part of my life .
tr	O	He was looking right at Jo but she knew it wasn 't her he was seeing .
tr	I	The smell of gardenia mixed with beer envelops me , and a cluster of tiny tea lights twinkle from a marble console table .
tr	I	They don 't really like us because of that , but Alex is bold enough to ask them to stop .
tr	O	She nodded , and her gaze fell to her left hand .
tr	O	He 's willing to give up the entire world just to be with me , but it 's not that easy .
tr	I	He told them all of his childhood as a frog and the New Toad had many toad children .
tr	I	We have not had a chance to see how much , yet ; but he has changed .
tr	O	His brother was okay , but he could have died .
tr	O	We 're out on the balcony smoking and he 's sipping on a beer while I 'm drinking a soda .
tr	O	I silently offered him some gum and he put his hands out to catch it .
tr	I	No matter what happened , at least I had my friend back , but things weren 't anywhere near perfect .
tr	O	He could do this himself , but he feels better if I do it .
tr	O	Holding her hand , he stepped aside and she slid in the driver 's seat .
tr	I	My mind immediately jumped to conclusions that he was already making a move and I sensed that Marshall was behind me .
tr	I	The damage wasn 't enough , but Blood 's running down my knuckles .
tr	I	We could have gone upstairs , or the office seems pretty soundproof .
tr	I	There were fresh stitches along the hairline and her nose appeared to have been broken .
tr	O	He had a dream one night and in his dream God spoke to him .
tr	I	Being a leader is still an ill-fitting coat on you , but men have followed you because of your name .
tr	O	He remembered Frank who 'd died almost a year previously and again his mam 's voice spoke lifting him above despair .
tr	I	I haven 't been this comfortable in a long time and I am relaxed .
tr	O	I know this is difficult to swallow at first , but I recommend we at least hear Butch out .
tr	I	I stayed crouched so that I could keep my balance , and it took a moment for my eyes to adjust to the brilliant moon .
tr	I	A ladder was being extended to the road and a hatch opened .
tr	O	She grunts when I hit her in the chest , but it doesn 't stop her from hugging me tightly .
tr	O	His cheeks turned pink but he laughed .
tr	I	He gripped my waist to take control of my movements , and my pace quickened as I felt my own orgasm build .
tr	O	I 'd feel better making sure you and your mom are safe .
tr	I	It siphoned off the resources needed to do the job , and though good information was possible , bad information was guaranteed .
tr	O	He wanted so badly for Phil to see this place , but he couldn , t bring Phil up here just now .
tr	I	She gripped her mallet 's handle tighter and her eyes widened .
tr	I	It makes me feel like such a fraud , and she tells me all the time that I 'm a good man .
tr	O	It jerks around , but I place the tip of a knife against its wispy body .
tr	O	No self-respecting judge would give me high marks for those , but they looked impressive so the carnival spectators loved them .
tr	I	I glance down at him and my eyes begin to open slowly .
tr	I	I knew I would be someday , but I wasn 't really Kai then !
tr	O	I fear death like everyone else , but this is only my father .
tr	O	Everything that happened nearly broke him , and it scared me to death .
tr	I	She was smart enough to recognize the time for a healthy retreat , but she didn 't know why she was so drawn to this man .
tr	O	Only now he was pointing at the battlefield , and it was plain what his intent was .
tr	O	The second group was just as enthusiastic and she laughed with them , eager to give them the encouragement she 'd given the first group .
tr	O	Her heart was going to burst , but she hung on .
tr	I	All she could think about was how amazing his touch felt , but he could rip her throat out faster than she could blink .
tr	I	It wasn 't what she wanted , but she may have loved me .
tr	I	It was standard procedure , but none of the individuals on the top floor was thought to be carrying any weapons .
tr	O	Branden may not be his chief advisor any longer , but he was still good to talk to .
tr	O	The doors closed and we went up again .
tr	O	Finding himself wanting to give her the good and the happy troubled him more than a little .
tr	I	Now I give you more , and your gift is strong already .
tr	O	My eyes slipped closed , for a second , and I startled back open .
tr	I	It could only be the fault of the kitsune , and Because Elena had abruptly been absent from his company .
tr	O	Ryan lay sleeping beside her , but no one was on her other side .
tr	O	A sigh pushed from him , and Danika would have sworn she felt that minty breath all over her sensitive body .
tr	I	It 's comfortable and we don 't have to speak at all .
tr	O	Louise studied his face for any flicker of emotion , but there was none .
tr	I	This is really important , but I know it 's not what you 're used to .
tr	O	I know he 's not telling me the truth but I don 't push the subject .
tr	I	He was too embarrassed to say otherwise , but Sneed wasn 't even his real name .
tr	I	She was fast asleep and her mouth was open .
tr	O	You 're my kid , living under my roof ; and this is my phone that I let you use .
tr	I	He didn 't let me , but I tried to pull back , not wanting to wear the ugly thing in front of him .
tr	I	Scott drew down his arms and the thunder stopped .
tr	I	It doesn 't quite fit anymore and I feel uncomfortable , like I have shifted in my skin .
tr	I	This time there was more of an edge to the woman 's voice , but she was formal , as usual .
tr	O	At first I thought he hadn 't seen me , but once in a while I caught him watching me .
tr	O	I lunge forward and plate glass shatters around my ears as I force Stenger through the window .
tr	O	He was not the most mobile player , but he had no problems making himself large when a striker was bearing down on him .
tr	O	Several people shouted at him for one more , but he never stopped his purposeful stride offstage .
tr	O	It was an empty question but I didn 't know what else to say .
tr	I	He didn 't pick up but she called Brownie earlier .
tr	O	Amy took Sarah 's hand , and the two turned to leave .
tr	O	His hand left my chin , and his eyebrows pulled together .
tr	O	I try not to writhe against his face , but it 's nearly impossible .
tr	O	Every part of my gut is telling me that you 're a good guy , Ben , but I just had to make sure .
tr	I	Her life was over , and she was eighteen years old .
tr	I	The tendons beneath were like solid steel , and his skin was hot to the touch .
tr	I	Yet right from the beginning I 'd been hungry for his , and I 'd lived twenty-one years without the touch of a man .
tr	O	I looked back at her and she smiled at me encouragingly .
tr	O	He snapped his fingers , and her ghost instantly appeared by his side .
tr	I	There was blood soaked into them , and his clothes were cut , too .
tr	I	I was officially ready to move on , and it was blown .
tr	O	His eyes flame higher and he moves toward me .
tr	I	She felt her heart swell at his thoughtfulness , and she realized he had left them there so she could see he had kept his word .
tr	O	She tried to look charmingly apologetic , but it didn 't work for me .
tr	O	I could feel it growing in strength and that other half of me was losing .
tr	O	Lea tried to defend herself , but her tail was held in place .
tr	I	He had me pinned , but I tried to get up again .
tr	I	She shivered and his cool fingers sent a tiny jolt over her skin .
tr	O	Autry has been the sole delivery system and he is the only one , we hope , that knows what happens here .
tr	O	He would know it anywhere , but yet he failed .
tr	I	He looked guilty , but he didn 't admit it .
tr	O	We 're both overtly sensitive but with me , I can 't hide it .
tr	O	I turn so I can see Gwen , and it 's obvious I have big news .
tr	I	They made a determined effort to work together whenever possible , and strangely enough , the men got along well .
tr	O	She 'd stuck with him as she 'd said he would , and it wasn 't the moment for pressing questions .
tr	O	He carried me across the street , and then careful y set me in the passenger seat of the Beemer .
tr	O	He was moving on autopilot , but with each step he felt his anxiety growing .
tr	O	Bree started to pull against him and Chad wanted to yell at her not to .
tr	I	Then we were whisked away by some unknown force , and there was a bright flash of light .
tr	I	He followed her gaze , coming to rest on the tips of her shoes , and Julie was looking toward the floor of the truck .
tr	I	His eyes were full of life , but his body may have been an uncooperative husk .
tr	I	I 'm focused on him and he 's focused on cooking .
tr	O	Orphans crowded the streets like rats , and I became a very clever rat .
tr	O	It belonged to Margie , my boss , but her husband bought her a new one .
tr	I	He chose not to and Liam wasn 't sure he could live with that on his conscience if he had the chance to save a life .
tr	O	I 'm joking now and Reece rolls her eyes .
tr	O	Zoey felt the blood pump in her veins as she and her friends advanced towards Stuart .
tr	I	Her heart would melt and in the middle of a meeting she would suddenly think about Philip .
tr	I	I made my good-byes , and butters came back in .
tr	O	She wanted to call him on it , but then she would look petty .
tr	I	There was still room in her heart for human feelings , but she 'd committed herself to Lord Loss by that stage .
tr	I	It seemed that things were changing , but Vincent might have been a bad boy once .
tr	O	I 'd have hit him with all the fire I could call if I 'd had a second to spare , but I didn 't .
tr	I	His corpse had not been discovered in time to send a replacement , and he had failed to eliminate Smith .
tr	O	Patrick 's tone turned serious , and Ainsley sucked in a breath .
tr	O	He could see the wall of flame moving toward the circle of vampires ; but they were unconcerned .
tr	I	I didn 't argue , and she took my elbow .
tr	O	It slides down just a little , and I close my eyes , letting the fresh cold breeze fan my face .
tr	I	I 'm sure I softened a few , but I may not have turned their bones to water .
tr	I	There were plenty available , but several were being used .
tr	I	For weeks there 's a complete blank and I look back at my notes .
tr	O	That girl came to Louisville for one thing , and it wasn 't to watch the Kentucky Derby .
tr	O	I didn 't have to stare much as she would be mine for the whole day and nobody could change that .
tr	I	Your doing so for that matter - after what I did - or I mean , not that I deserve his even talking to me .
tr	I	Jason soon followed his example , and Talon had fallen asleep quickly after a long day of riding .
tr	I	She just shuddered against him for a while , and Bernard held her , drawing her into his arms .
tr	I	It was all the hope I had , but it had been a long shot , too much to hope for .
tr	I	I started to skim through the book on the ghosts and the book on the ghosts I extinguished the TV .
tr	O	Her arms encircled my waist and she pulled me towards her .
tr	O	He had tried to do something to help once , but he learned there wasn 't anything to be done .
tr	I	Sarah wouldn 't allow it , but John begged for a fire .
tr	I	It signals the approach of evil but the breeze feels good .
tr	O	Jane also had only one book on Julia Wallace , and there again I found no message .
tr	I	I was sure I didn 't want to be crossing jungle rivers for the rest of my life and at 23 I knew I was over trained .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure , and at this moment , she didn 't know what to tell him .
tr	O	He didn 't open his eyes and his breathing didn 't shift either .
tr	O	Maybe Spencer should have been more bothered that he didn 't take her at her word , but it felt like too much emotional effort .
tr	O	Agony ripped through me , but I didn 't care .
tr	I	I kept quiet until he had started the truck , and Noah handed me in .
tr	O	She appeared calm , but her foot bounced , not surprisingly .
tr	I	In the end , it is not much comfort at all , and I say the only thing I can think of to comfort her .
tr	I	I suppose I can 't be mad at the instruments of Fate and the Fates decreed hard times for them .
tr	O	I waited and she sighed .
tr	I	Saluting the commander who 'd just promoted him and firming his stance a bit .
tr	O	I wasn 't worthy of Carrie like that , but I got better .
tr	I	Let 's just say it didn 't end well , and she came to my room one night , naked .
tr	I	Silver is standing too close for comfort , and I turn back around .
tr	I	He didn 't want to give up his extracurricular activities , but he needed to have a beautiful wife to produce beautiful children .
tr	I	One of them ended up dying and he hoped that this would all come to an end before the police arrived .
tr	O	He should have been back in the corridor outside Windsor Ward , but it felt like he was inside an Icelandic volcano .
tr	I	He 'd be more respectful , but not that Hazel would be any more gentle if he got the chance .
tr	O	She wanted to snap at him , but something in his manner defused her .
tr	O	He tried to pull back his power but it was too late .
tr	I	He turned even more pasty , but didn 't think it was possible .
tr	I	Bureaucracy was never efficient , and Police involvement equaled bureaucracy .
tr	I	There was no direct route to get there , and it was at the other end of town .
tr	O	Pride rose in my chest alongside that hope and I felt better than I had in weeks .
tr	I	I really wished he hadn 't because the laugh sounded more appropriate for a menacing villain from a horror flick and Taller dude laughed .
tr	O	The room was loud but the sound of the shot would easily drown it all out .
tr	O	He couldn 't understand , but he was starting to .
tr	I	I can see the bones where my father 's hand had been just before he snapped them and its neck hangs haphazardly to one side .
tr	I	She has an aggressive form of lung cancer , but I pray for Nona every day .
tr	I	There was no humor behind his eyes , but he grinned .
tr	O	At least she wasn 't on foot , or God forbid , hitchhiking .
tr	I	I won 't ever be and I 'm not with her .
tr	O	The rest of the band might be able to pretend that nothing had happened , but Jax 's unpredictable , erratic behavior had me worried .
tr	O	She finds the latch , twists , and half of the top lid opens slowly .
tr	O	Yeah , I like making fun of him , embarrassing him , but I don 't want him to actually fall .
tr	I	She went on the roller coasters at Great Adventure , the adrenaline rushing , feeling alive and she felt like she did when she was a girl .
tr	I	There was an older woman standing beside the door instead , but when I stepped inside I expected to see Miles .
tr	O	The patient was young , of course , and sometimes the young ones did show improvement .
tr	I	She pushed on , but her thighs burned .
tr	I	He nods and I ask .
tr	O	She had a few things to say about Monique as well , but she did so carefully .
tr	O	I was so sure of how Calvin felt about me , but I really didn 't know if his parents had just been being nice .
tr	O	His grip was tight but Savannah did not care .
tr	O	His long , black lashes were low , and color burned in his cheeks .
tr	O	My confidence soars and I feel the world melding to my control .
tr	I	Life lives everywhere that life can , but it was a quiet , black nightmare world .
tr	O	Digging up the knights and taking their heads .
tr	I	Now she was suspicious , especially after what Kevin said , but under another circumstances she would 've taken them without a second thought .
tr	O	His letters had meant so much to her , and she 'd saved each thank-you note from the time he was six years old .
tr	O	There was a fight , and Sabrina was badly injured .
tr	O	I went around the desk to toss my purse in the drawer , and Sam stood up .
tr	O	Carmine started for the door , but Salvatore 's shrill voice stopped him halfway there .
tr	I	I couldn 't give it to him , but he needs a reason to keep on living , just like Landon needed !
tr	O	She had never even thought of using one as a weapon , but she wielded it expertly all the same .
tr	I	I smiled as well and he managed to smile .
tr	I	I never left the hospital once during the whole thing , but all the RN 's were put on 24 hour call .
tr	O	Good karma was flying her way , and if she slowed down enough to grab on to a piece , the ride was amazing .
tr	I	I should be a politician and it was obvious Johanna had grown fond of this idea that we should get married .
tr	O	His teeth tugged gently at her nipple and his tongue lapped before he suckled strongly .
tr	O	She willed herself to take a step back from him but her legs did not comply .
tr	I	It was too late , but I cried .
tr	O	Ian kissed her again , and she responded , her mouth softening for him , hands seeking his body .
tr	O	Donna was off , and Ethan entered his office .
tr	O	It 's smaller , and there 's no hearth .
tr	O	He gave a reassuring smile and he stepped toward the gate .
tr	I	The music drifted through and the door to the ballroom opened .
tr	I	For a long moment , nothing came out , but my mouth opened .
tr	O	He laughed above them and the sound crashed around them , reverberating like surf in a filling cave .
tr	O	The water wasn 't hot enough to really warm him through , but at least it wasn 't so cold that he 'd freeze .
tr	I	A tongue swiped out , catching Grayling along his firm , square chin and ears flopped .
tr	I	Part of my leg was numb , and my neck ached .
tr	I	His features softened into a boyish charm that could melt the heart of anything female , and the amused gleam in his eyes was breathtaking .
tr	O	We 'd been seeing each other for a few months when we walked by the gymnasium and Marty suggested we try out the swing dance club .
tr	O	We found Myron sitting in his office and I asked if it was an ok time to talk .
tr	O	I wondered if the rose represented her as well , but I couldn 't ask .
tr	I	He couldn 't help looking in , but another brick fell nearby .
tr	I	He ignored it , but he felt a bruise on his cheekbone throb painfully as it pressed against the unyielding surface .
tr	O	They look completely out of place but I know it ´ s impossible .
tr	O	Their one daughter was grown by the time Ben and his mother moved in .
tr	O	She hated feeling stupid , and she could tell that this woman was slowly losing respect for her .
tr	O	More than once , he 'd turned back around only to find no one behind him , but King Bobby knew something was off .
tr	O	Every day was just like the day prior , but this day would be different .
tr	I	It felt like months but it was only a week ago .
tr	O	Ladies , take everything that bothers you about men and it all comes back to pride .
tr	I	I watched his nostrils flare repeatedly as he attempted to get his anger under control , and Blood tinged his mouth .
tr	O	It worries me , because my father has hate in him , too , and it nearly cracked my mom .
tr	I	It felt as solid as a rock , but I even kicked the old fireplace .
tr	O	Pandora said , and he nodded .
tr	O	Everything in me screams to run , to leave right now , back to my world , but I can 't .
tr	I	His fingers wrapped around her palm , and she reached out awkwardly .
tr	I	Like a caveman , he threw me over his shoulder , and his hands had found their way back to my bottom .
tr	O	This wasn 't his problem , and it wasn 't his fault .
tr	I	She was seconds away from performing a death-defying move and she walked on the tips of her toes , like the roof was a tightrope .
tr	O	One moment they were outside the Underworld , and in the next they were in her flat .
tr	I	It wasn 't a victory more a landmark , but I overcame the pain that night .
tr	I	It 'll be worth it , but it 's gon na hurt .
tr	O	It 's just that life goes on and I 'm trying to do the same .
tr	I	He 's slipped because of it , and he 's had a tough life .
tr	I	We fit well together but none of us is perfect .
tr	I	He wanted to , but he wouldn 't .
tr	O	There had been a hunt within the British army , and soon soldiers had come forward with the information that Brown had drunkenly boasted of the crime .
tr	O	I stopped at a hipster bar to have a few beers but it only made me feel more like a stranger .
tr	I	He looked startled and his eyebrows shot up .
tr	I	Her body began to tingle , and her heart started to race .
tr	I	He carried her to his bed and she fell asleep in his arms .
tr	I	This is creeping me out big time , but I 'm not easily spooked .
tr	O	I was angry that Riley had shown up , but I tried to tell myself I didn 't care .
tr	I	He 'll let you in the room , and the desk clerk is a guy named Andy .
tr	I	Sophie saw , upon turning around , that her aunt had not crossed the doorway and her voice was shaky .
tr	O	She 'd learned to stand on her own and she couldn 't sacrifice that hard-won ground now .
tr	O	She was frightened , but she felt so much stronger now .
tr	I	You need to understand that it 's as new to me as it is to you , but you keep trying to belittle what we have .
tr	O	She felt the urge to push come upon her , and she prepped her mind for birth .
tr	O	More rage burned in my heart , but I plastered a smile on my face .
tr	I	If there is , the Germans that ambushed us have warned them about us and there could be a Kraut company nearby .
tr	O	A little later I tried to call Heidi but she didn 't pick up .
tr	I	I know exactly how to help him , but I have no idea what it is .
tr	O	I tried to suppress a laugh , but unfortunately , it caused me to snort loudly .
tr	O	My eyes were bloodshot and I hadn 't even bothered combing my hair .
tr	I	I prefer to take only one member from each community , but I am aware that your council selected a few names .
tr	O	I had never been parted from her before and I feared she would be most upset by my leaving .
tr	I	They must have been slavering away at their keyboard because I got my answer seconds later and I sent the query .
tr	O	Erica nodded again and Connie left .
tr	I	The smoldering light in his eyes stole her breath , and Hugh turned from the window .
tr	I	That thug is hurting her and there she is .
tr	I	I touched his fist with my fist , but I wasn 't sure what to do .
tr	O	He doesn 't mean a minute and I know it .
tr	O	His face was still pale , but I didn 't want to press the issue .
tr	I	Trajan was forced to eat a medium steak instead of a rare one but Ashe didn 't mind that his prime rib had cooked a little more .
tr	O	We have baptized new members by the tens of thousands , and churches are opening every day .
tr	I	I managed to force a small one , but smiling back at her seemed like such a huge project .
tr	I	Never attached to an actual person , but she 'd sensed such things before .
tr	I	For some reason they just pour out , but I try to filter the words that come out of my mouth .
tr	O	She read it once more , and this time , instead of putting it back with the flowers , she placed it in her purse for safekeeping .
tr	O	Fluid was drawn skillfully from the amniotic sac around her boy , and the needle withdrawn .
tr	I	I had to ask , but the question seemed ridiculous .
tr	O	A man stepped forward and Ilona instantly recognised him .
tr	O	I tore my eyes away from Pogo , and he barked as the door clicked shut .
tr	O	He stepped out and the door closed .
tr	I	He set his site on the only viable target within range and the irritation which had been building the last few days bubbled up within Dan .
tr	I	She was right but he tried to laugh it off .
tr	O	He threw a harder punch but I still easily sidestepped it .
tr	O	My storming off had been better , but she coped with the ladder well .
tr	O	It doesn 't bother me , but I have to go .
tr	O	This time I waited until the wife was out , and I had a bit of peace .
tr	I	No words come out this time but he opened his mouth to speak .
tr	O	There was a presence in the forest , in my head , and it bowled me over .
tr	O	I was getting to know her better and I felt closer to her every day .
tr	I	She jumped at the sound , and her coat rustled against the single windowpane in the front door .
tr	O	She lifts a latch , and light comes from out of the floor .
tr	I	Then he swung her deftly in a semicircle as the band moved into the next song , but he sensed her resistance for a moment .
tr	O	The open sky above grew dark , and bloated clouds sank around the house .
tr	O	Zarah laughed at most of her suggestions , but some of them stuck in her mind .
tr	I	It shouldn 't be shortened , and I think it 's a beautiful name .
tr	O	Nate kissed me on the lips and I didn 't feel a thing .
tr	I	I wondered how the food tasted , and it was fairly modern with lots of art on the walls .
tr	I	I missed my pink wine coolers that Finn had always kept stocked for me , but it tasted okay .
tr	O	He flipped on the lights and I hissed .
tr	I	He groaned in approval , and I used my legs to move with his thrusts .
tr	I	After this rain , it would be , and the corn was almost ready for picking .
tr	I	I immediately check the small inside pocket of the duffel bag and together we go back to the room .
tr	I	Radioactivity shot them into a whole new game , but he also didn 't seem to get that leaching chemicals was bad enough .
tr	I	I was glad I wasn 't one of the clueless , and I thought how stupid people were , how oblivious .
tr	I	He stopped struggling and Cassandra placed her hand on his shoulder .
tr	O	I shake my head , and she shoots me a sidelong glance .
tr	I	As I 'd just proved , he wasn 't insurmountable , but yes , they had Bob posted at the front gate .
tr	I	No sound came out , but I opened my mouth to speak .
tr	O	The unknown can seem exciting on the surface , and as you get closer to the center , you find a dud .
tr	O	He had known money was tight for the retired couple , and the mounting medical bills couldn 't be making things easy .
tr	O	I was embarrassed by what he said , but at the same time I felt insulted .
tr	O	Her arms were wrapped around his neck and she didn 't want to let go .
tr	O	Her expression cleared , but she said nothing .
tr	O	Steam rose from the filled bath , and the scent of roses drifted to her nose .
tr	O	Her face crumpled in confusion and she shoved me away , lifting her arms like she was going to keep fighting me .
tr	O	The neighbor waved and Baxter waved back .
tr	I	Lora held up her hand and Ian started to speak .
tr	I	I felt the blood dry upon my skin and a breeze rolled in from an open window .
tr	O	Walking through the streets hand in hand feels great for a while , but eventually we have to get in out of the cold .
tr	O	He still didn 't move for a moment , and she knew his gaze rested on her face .
tr	I	Pop-Tarts were totally out of the question , and they still couldn 't make decent tequila .
tr	I	Sarah had not had the nerve to ask how but the woman who sold it to her had just lost her son .
tr	O	It was only moments until he reached the top of the ravine and looking back he could see no sign of the rider .
tr	I	His body goes limp in an instant , and he puts up a fight until the unholy soldier gives Logan 's neck a squeeze .
tr	O	It was barely big enough to cover him , but a sense of urgency drove him not to care about his lack of modesty .
tr	I	All eyes turn to me , and he motions in my direction .
tr	O	You can fight this , but you have to listen to what I 'm saying .
tr	I	I reached for my cuffs , relief flooding me and he hit his knees .
tr	O	You 'll still return , and I 'll just catch you a little earlier than before .
tr	I	She said nothing , but Patty was devastated .
tr	O	She put out a gloved finger to trace them , but Sean stopped her .
tr	I	Her dark window loomed on her wall , but her eyes had adjusted to the room .
tr	I	The carpet was disgusting and very little natural light made it through the windows .
tr	O	Mac noticed how short the other woman was , and a pang of insecurity tugged at her gut .
tr	I	I swear I saw the broken window but this is more than likely another urban myth coming up .
tr	I	Speed knew this was not possible , but the voice seemed to have a british accent .
tr	I	He actually saw red around the edges of his vision and Garrett 's mind splintered a little .
tr	O	He tried to regain some kind of control , but it was no use .
tr	I	My breathing became more labored and my heart rate sped up .
tr	I	She understood was a potion but then she found a tiny vial of clear liquid that could have been holy water .
tr	O	I had to come in to the office and she didn 't say a word .
tr	I	There was no sign of him , but he glanced quickly around the room , half expecting to see Bobby lurking in a corner somewhere .
tr	O	Fintan 's chest puffed out , and he felt ten feet taller .
tr	O	It was , he knew , an impersonal greeting , but he didn 't care .
tr	I	From the mechanical speakers the dry whisper sounded again , and as if in agreement , the paper-thin lips moved .
tr	I	I 'll be ready to go , and just give me a couple minutes .
tr	I	She forbade herself to lose her sensibility and her breath caught in her lungs .
tr	O	I know you came to Palm Springs for my sake , but I figured it was time for you to change things .
tr	I	Now the only thing I saw were large black spots , and I couldn 't seem to voice a complaint , though .
tr	I	It fell limply to the earth below unseen as it passed below the treetops and it was more than the first could withstand .
tr	I	Then there was a sudden explosion of words spoken in Italian , and Ashley took a deep breath .
tr	O	She has always wanted to create her own line in dress design , and my dream has always been to become an architect .
tr	O	His feet were on the top rungs , and he was leaning over , blocking my way .
tr	I	Evie could see crusts of dry blood on the ends and her hair was matted with sweat .
tr	I	We mine together sometimes and he sleeps one bunk below me .
tr	I	Edwina fetched us fresh martinis and Stephanie plonked down beside me .
tr	O	Tears were now flowing constantly down her cheeks , and she even choked a little .
tr	O	He paused , and his face grew set .
tr	O	The doors shut and Jess opened the book .
tr	O	He had probably just contaminated the crime scene below , but he didn 't care .
tr	I	I can 't afford to waste any more time and I 'm a very busy person .
tr	O	His grip on her fingers loosened , and a flicker of what looked like regret flashed in his eyes .
tr	O	There was a sigh and if he wasn 't mistaken it was a vaguely reprimanding sigh .
tr	O	I will let myself become a nothing , and then Luthor won 't want me , because there will be nothing to want .
tr	I	Her lips parted in surprise , and he didn 't realize he 'd called her by her first name until her blue eyes turned to midnight .
tr	I	My name shot from her lips as her body went wild and she shook wildly .
tr	O	She laughed , but it held an edge of pain .
tr	O	I look up at him , and his returning smile melts away any uncertainty I have .
tr	I	He suppressed it , but he was filled with panic .
tr	I	He yelped , and I grabbed Mack 's arm .
tr	O	He knew where he had to go , but he wanted to enjoy this .
tr	I	It was just endless white , endless nothing , but I looked around , hoping for some clue as to how to get out .
tr	I	He caught it with his , and a small moan escaped her mouth .
tr	I	I couldn 't be ' Ashley ' either and I couldn 't be who I was before .
tr	I	Nothing else seemed to disturb the quiet night but the slight whistling of the wind through the sails made a haunting noise .
tr	I	Baldwin has none to offer , but he pauses for an answer .
tr	I	It only repulsed , but Thomas ran his hand down my arm to soothe .
tr	O	The light was produced by a furnace at the top and the tower was built mostly with solid blocks of limestone .
tr	I	Apparently none of them were important because Gabriel was gone in the blink of an eye , but goodness had a long list of questions .
tr	I	She was jarred out of her cell and before Zoe had time to resist , his fingers had clamped down on her shoulder .
tr	O	This made the soldiers from the boat all laugh , and the Indian , still smiling , turned to them .
tr	I	The sound was a hiss , and he exhaled .
tr	O	Jude laughed quietly , but Ludwig did not .
tr	O	I let my lips part as well , and soon our tongues merge .
tr	O	They might not be able to reach him physically , but the pain still pulsed through the Ring .
tr	I	She should have expected to be sore the first day and she was coming back from an injury .
tr	O	An awkward pause took root between them , and neither spoke another word on the subject .
tr	O	She was not actually crippled , but in all aspects , she may as well have been .
tr	O	Now we were seeing a new construction made by a new creature , and it was again difficult to conceive how it might have been made .
tr	I	Only then would they touch me , and she would explain .
tr	I	They are now talking of forming a cult , and it 's sickening to see them treating this as some sort of entertainment .
tr	I	Her lack of professionalism infuriated her , and all she could think about was his big , naked body under that blanket .
tr	I	I couldn 't say that I didn 't like it , and those eyes were undressing me .
tr	I	She needed it fast , and right now she needed blood .
tr	I	She is also short , but Gigi is perfect .
tr	I	They could talk about something else , and she hoped Priscilla had forgotten what she was saying .
tr	O	Which meant he was stupid , and she didn 't date stupid men .
tr	I	I didn 't like this , not one bit , and it was more like a hazy conception of both .
tr	O	McNair scowled , reached down with a handkerchief , but instead of wiping his boot as he wanted to , he handed it to Lina .
tr	I	She was his mate , but she might not be a wolf .
tr	I	I still don 't relish his screams of pain , but he might be one of the people who offered Jeanine Matthews the attack simulation .
tr	I	He introduced her as his new countess , and the locals all hailed Sawyer by name .
tr	I	I feel like a fat hobo and every imperfection I have stands out .
tr	O	It took over five seconds to memorize , and soon enough , Tania was able to hit Lea more often .
tr	O	He was shorter than her five foot , eight inches but getting some good form on him for being eleven yearlings .
tr	O	Her voice was nonchalant , but I smelled a setup .
tr	I	Everyone is on a first name basis and we 're not very formal in here .
tr	I	Diego saw that the land was bathed in fog , but the light was gray like dawn .
tr	O	He was surprised by her question but he didn 't move .
tr	O	The Mother Turtle looked down at her son for a moment , and he moved out from under the shadow of her frame .
tr	O	Her voice chills me , and I can see by James 's posture that he knows his threat didn 't have its intended effect .
tr	I	She wasn 't coming up with many options , but she 'd been circling various help wanted advertisements .
tr	O	After all , Peter was Chad 's brother , but they had immediately jumped in to help her when he left .
tr	I	The crowd had had a sudden change of heart , hurrying out of range , and archers atop the gate had let loose a few warning arrows .
tr	O	They didn 't fight for a while after that but that may be because she spent so much time down here .
tr	I	Luckily no one is here to witness it , but I 'm also grinning like an idiot .
tr	I	Tasting her wasn 't something he was willing to wait to do any longer , but Kincaid would probably curse himself later .
tr	I	Her voice is like music to me and I can barely make out her form .
tr	I	That 's it , then it 's too late , and then tomorrow morning they will come for you .
tr	I	I almost forgot to do the one thing that makes me sane and she has my mind racing in a million different directions .
tr	O	The moment the book hit the flames their bodies stiffened , and as it burned , they burned .
tr	O	He had been certain the FBI would arrest her soon , but nothing appeared in the press .
tr	O	I don 't know what Peter wants with a journey into the city , but it can 't be good .
tr	I	He kissed her tenderly -- her eyes , her chin , her mouth , and she looked up at him .
tr	O	There was a new sense of energy , of well-being , and Colette felt invigorated .
tr	I	Abby has become family , and the women in our family are really close .
tr	O	Simon could now see that the room was even larger than he had thought , and it was very richly furnished .
tr	O	The urge to release her screamed in him , but he held on , squeezing her hips .
tr	I	Now we face the Franks , but we have stolen some of the Frisian lands .
tr	I	She was still aching , desperate for him even now and she 'd been making love to Alec in her dreams .
tr	O	There was something about an exclusive report and I almost wanted to change the channel .
tr	I	Chase looked down at the man for a split second and Jimmy moaned .
tr	O	Many of the Librarians seemed to assume that the shot had come from the besieged city , and they were forming up battle lines facing the dome .
tr	I	It didn 't take long for her to follow his lead , but she had only danced with him that one time at the bar .
tr	I	A few wisps of mist still curled around the tree trunks and when they reached the wood it was cool under the trees .
tr	I	He thought it might be Latin for depart , but Brody wasn 't sure .
tr	I	The clasp fell away and her fingers trembled .
tr	I	The man was a bit intimidating , but she knew he was her uncle .
tr	I	That was my mistake , and I let the needy female in me want more .
tr	I	This ... this was one of them , but I hadn 't allowed myself to miss many things while I was away .
tr	O	They 'd been waiting for almost an hour , and she was starting to get a cramp in her leg from her tense position .
tr	I	His wide chest expanded when he inhaled , and he lifted a cigarette to his mouth .
tr	I	Kingsley was immediately the designated jungle gym , and Anthony , I knew , had never seen a man this big in his life .
tr	I	When we were together , we were at her place , and we always lived apart .
tr	I	She couldn 't seem to move , but she wanted to go to them .
tr	O	I don 't know how you arranged it , but you managed to inject adrenalin even into this .
tr	O	A bell tolled from within and suddenly the double doors creaked open .
tr	O	Mr. Good shall cut his way to the middle obelisk and Miss Glory shall follow .
tr	I	There are many words I don 't know , and My German is only fair .
tr	I	When my brain processed his words , my mouth hung open in disbelief , but it took a minute for what he said to register .
tr	I	I raced back into the stacks , and my bare feet seemed to move of their own accord .
tr	O	Knowing she could ease his hunger , but keeping his distance was killing him .
tr	I	There was a full house and Friday night rolled around .
tr	I	When you got back , I was going to accept your choice , and I swore to myself that I wouldn 't call you .
tr	O	he asked in concern , and they all laughed again .
tr	O	It was good , and I was hungry .
tr	I	It did need to end , but it didn 't make sense .
tr	O	The fog claimed me again , and I knew only darkness .
tr	I	It quickly halted , but he heard his sister stirring in the other room .
tr	I	The entire building seemed to quake and the elevator shook on its cable .
tr	O	They played a game Ryan chose , and then Timmy picked out a book for her to read .
tr	I	She stepped inside , and the elevator arrived .
tr	O	There was a groan from him , and he stormed out of the building .
tr	I	They continued on and she pointed them north .
tr	I	It looked like she might not have come back from lunch , but he 'd been waiting to see her for over an hour .
tr	I	She would succeed , and she had this situation under control .
tr	O	She had been left alone , and she had also been left empty .
tr	I	Aunt Tabby was pouring some tea , and everyone was sitting around the table .
tr	I	Timmy had promised he would not miss the post-show festivities , and it was growing later by the moment .
tr	O	Cade moaned repeatedly as Bishop worked on him but I couldn 't bring myself to look .
tr	I	No one knew this better than the woman standing before me , and it was the ability to celebrate that was worth the celebration .
tr	I	The feelings he 'd evoked hadn 't faded , but it 'd been over a week .
tr	I	The tea was even hotter and the cup was very hot .
tr	I	She 'd known that going in , but not an easy thing to do .
tr	O	He 'd said they were tough , and they 'd just proven him right .
tr	O	My heart beat imperceptibly faster , and I waited until I 'd closed his office door to breathe again , for fear I would betray myself .
tr	I	I couldn 't allow him that advantage , and I could see it in his eyes .
tr	I	Maybe she could reason with her , but Angelica couldn 't battle the woman .
tr	O	It took only minutes to get back to the others , but my teeth were chattering uncontrollably by the time we arrived .
tr	I	I was too afraid to go , but he asked me to accompany him .
tr	O	She tried to speak , but no words came .
tr	O	He wore no tie , and the strong , corded lines of his neck stood in relief against the open collar of his light blue shirt .
tr	O	He 'd seen her coming , but he wasn 't a problem now .
tr	I	I assumed he 'd saved it for last with a good reason , and he pointed to the closed door at the end of the hall .
tr	I	I didn 't really leave the parking lot and I was only gone for about fifteen minutes .
tr	O	Everyone had very compelling theories either way , but no one seemed to know any truths .
tr	I	I thought she was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen and Avril wore a white dress that seemed to shimmer with her aura .
tr	I	It was her eyes that drew you in , but her mahogany hair was stark against luminescent skin .
tr	O	She hadn 't covered herself up , but she was wrapped in the comforter .
tr	O	His black eyes went a glittering obsidian , and he looked away from her , ashamed .
tr	I	I was at a loss and the blood trail stopped .
tr	O	It wasn 't as fiery as Tallis 's touch , but things were definitely heating up .
tr	O	It 's lunchtime , and looking at the amount of rain flooding the courtyard , it 's obvious that Karma has retaliated with shitty weather .
tr	I	I do enough crazy stuff in my forays into the tunnels , but it 's not a very ambitious schedule .
tr	O	He felt her shiver beneath his hand , but she did not pull away .
tr	I	At least she had cheered me up , but I didn 't think I was that funny .
tr	O	She wanted to scream at him , but all that slipped past her lips was a choked little moan .
tr	O	His face sunk and he looked away .
tr	I	He went in anyway , wandering over to her desk , but she wasn 't in her rooms .
tr	O	We haven 't been able to hang out much , and I need new shoes for PE .
tr	O	They joined the chorus of chants , but they recorded everything for the government .
tr	O	he roars , and I about wets me pants .
tr	O	The second shot went wild as well , and I scrambled to get my blasting rod .
tr	I	Telling them how badly I had misjudged Chad was embarrassing , but I had friends back home .
tr	O	The city rushed by down below , and the buildings provided the perfect landscape .
tr	O	As if to make the decision for him , she tilted her head up and her lips brushed his .
tr	I	She bent over to the opposite side of the bed to put her empty glass on the floor and it was her turn to sigh .
tr	O	My jaw dropped , and I stared .
tr	I	You will be dead a week later and you stand one hour by the lake .
tr	O	When that paid off , he invested in other dreamers , and along the way he 'd amassed millions .
tr	I	The women began to pick the corn , and the sun had dried out the field .
tr	I	He did , but I don 't know how he could 've known I 'd found something to concentrate on .
tr	I	She told her to wait in the garden , and Mandy had to talk to her father first .
tr	O	His report files showed they had spent much time together , but they did not tell him what they were doing together .
tr	I	He nodded at me and Callum 's eyes widened .
tr	I	She looked away from me for a second and her eyes looked slightly distressed .
tr	O	The waiter came over and I ordered a coffee .
tr	I	Nothing can hurt her now , but I know it 's awful .
tr	I	It was a tough one for me to swallow , but Jill had a point .
tr	O	Sixteen Before the accident , Jude would have said she could handle anything , but grief had overwhelmed her .
tr	I	She had to share a bathroom with the girl in the next room , and it was snug .
tr	O	She felt his lips on the side of her neck and she moaned .
tr	I	Besides , she would only be wasting her breath on an unruly boy like Crispin Ballard , and she was too tired to argue .
tr	O	A small contingent of soldiers stood at the ready , and another officer was on his knees , two soldiers guarding him .
tr	I	Hopelessness chokes me until I pass out and dark thoughts start rolling through my mind .
tr	I	Then another spasm of pain came , but I tried to lift my head to catch a glimpse .
tr	O	I was tired enough to sleep , but I fought against the weariness .
tr	I	The car seemed to stop at every corner , and Chapter 3 The streets were busier than usual .
tr	I	I was beginning to feel a distinct sense of unease about the whole thing , but I had no idea where this was going .
tr	I	The vibrations buzzed through her ears , but she could not see his lips .
tr	I	She knew enough to let her beauty do her work for her , sometimes , but it was not a real smile .
tr	I	He nodded , and Sophie repeated .
tr	O	Liz brought the car to a slower pace and Fin focused his gift behind them .
tr	O	He 'll strike and I 'll fall .
tr	O	His arms were crossed and he was leaning against the wall .
tr	I	Then Mr. Whitman fell to the floor like a felled oak tree , and it made an ugly , dull thud .
tr	O	I hated to think it , but not being able to feel right now would have come in real handy , because I was becoming hysterical .
tr	O	I should have walked away , but I couldn 't help myself .
tr	I	He was considerably calmer and by the time Joe made it home that night , the day 's drama had drained him .
tr	O	She was like a broken doll , and anywhere he touched her would hurt .
tr	I	Then he looked down at my hand , and Denver dwindled into silence .
tr	O	The weather was great and they all had a blast .
tr	I	He 'd gotten to pretend he was an evolved , strong alpha , and the vamps had gotten rid of the bodies for Jeremiah .
tr	I	Her eyes were saucers and her mouth hung open .
tr	O	It was starting to sound like a science-fiction plot and sci-fi was his least favorite genre .
tr	I	Lara was like no one he had ever known , but he had been involved with more than his share of beautiful women .
tr	O	I dove underneath the closest library table , and the creature landed on top of it , instead of on me .
tr	I	My head stops spinning and we brave the storm together until my breathing slows .
tr	I	There didn 't appear to be a door into it , and it was behind the wall to the right of the entrance .
tr	I	Jason 's plan was complete and morning came .
tr	I	I knew it was too much of a risk to let the monster he 'd become run loose , but I wanted to spare him .
tr	O	Pasha wanted to object because the food was excellent , but Straus didn 't hear a word he said .
tr	O	The man looked aggrieved , but at last he obeyed .
tr	O	She paused , and he saw her struggle to form her words .
tr	O	That always works on an upset stomach and Alexa said you might be nauseous from the concussion .
tr	I	I loved him very much so I just let him and he was very gentle .
tr	I	I touch my lips with my fingers , and my hands raise of their own volition .
tr	O	Della couldn 't say for sure , but she had refused his blood .
tr	O	I 'd said I would do anything for my pack , and I meant it .
tr	O	Again I was drawn back to the altar but this time I was calm .
tr	I	The men immediately headed for the dining room and the timer on the oven went off .
tr	O	Her nerves stood on end and she knew she was on the brink of falling over the edge with Alexander .
tr	I	I still need to catch up on Avery 's notes , and we 're going ahead with the first test on Friday .
tr	O	I held out my left hand , and he pushed that gorgeous piece of jewelry into place .
tr	I	The Angel had never come , and Christine 's hopes had been raised numbers of times in the past few years .
tr	I	Water now filled the interior , and an entire side was missing .
tr	O	Ryan had gone to jump school right away for his job as a pathfinder , and he had told Jake all about it .
tr	O	The moonlight brushes softly against the chiseled features of his face and I inhale sharply at the expression I find there .
tr	O	Scared I 'll break myself But I can 't shake you .
tr	O	Jacob was talking about finishing the bikes , but his descriptions were getting technical , so I wasn 't paying close attention .
tr	I	He decided to let her continue with it , but he could guess what was going to be her question .
tr	I	I intend to stay out , and War was my best way out .
tr	I	The plan took careful layout , and when we did stonework , it was of the richest kind , when matching the marble pavers took patience .
tr	I	They couldn 't know that , but Danika was not a friend .
tr	I	I stumbled , the edge of my sneaker splashing at the edge of the pool of bodies , and the wind increased .
tr	O	He ran over to the same street she 'd turned down only moments before , but there was no sign of her .
tr	I	His adorable mop of sandy hair falls in his eyes and he shakes his head .
tr	I	I realized this wouldn 't be funny to him and he looked horrified .
tr	I	Whatever it was , he kept it to himself , but something was on his mind , nagging at him .
tr	I	It was too much for her to ice completely , but some of the chaos lessened .
tr	I	He moves often and his location is well hidden .
tr	O	It was cleared by the first quarter of the moon and the wave shattered on the cliff was for her music of infinite joy .
tr	O	Melton was the regional must see show , and she absolutely had to be on it !
tr	O	The surface was still and it looked like oil .
tr	I	The words repeated themselves , and my brain stopped working .
tr	O	The small metal latch won 't hold out a determined attacker , but it would at least alert me to his presence .
tr	O	She laughed , but this time there seemed very little humour in it .
tr	O	We were alone on a dark street , and I realized they had boxed me in .
tr	O	If he stayed out here much longer , the pain would intensify , but he had to have one last look around .
tr	O	It was still mostly dark but a glow to the east was visible now as the sunrise approached .
tr	O	There was an evil feeling to the Live Forest , and she had no desire to walk through it .
tr	I	The spa 's white robe ended inches above her knees and Avery became conscious that her face was cleansed of makeup .
tr	I	She was in the middle of it , and it was a pretty little mess .
tr	O	You need to make sure this thing between you and Tara doesn 't turn sour .
tr	O	Something suddenly came to mind and it was the most important question I could ask .
tr	O	Without the key it might take their computers hours to decipher it , but they wouldn 't fail .
tr	O	Its shape was roughly human , but it was little more than a mound on the ground .
tr	O	He could say what he wanted , but Arthur was fairly modest himself .
tr	I	I have agreed to honour it , and their war is my war .
tr	O	His pacing stopped as he rested against the countertop and his hands gripped his hair .
tr	O	He looked back to me and the fury was there again .
tr	I	They were thin , but there were curtains at the windows .
tr	I	She was ready to win and she was showing no hesitation .
tr	O	Her eyes were still translucent , yet I knew that she must now be in control of her actions for her to be navigating the submarine .
tr	I	One twist was what it took and one twist was what I said .
tr	I	They can make mistakes and they can be tricked .
tr	I	I pushed the feeling aside as his expression turned grave but my heart fluttered like a butterfly 's wings in my chest .
tr	O	We 're changing the menu a bit , but it 's still going to be exceptional .
tr	O	Julian picked at the strange meat on bread , but he didn 't feel like eating it .
tr	O	A choke cut off his next words , and I grabbed both of Daemon 's shoulders .
tr	I	The judge announced that there had been no cheating , and then the jurors talked quietly for thirty seconds .
tr	O	Like you could see farther , but the Dark seemed increasingly impenetrable as it crept back toward the horizon .
tr	O	He moved his hips up over mine and his cock found me waiting to be taken .
tr	O	He was too proud to contact me , but he cared enough to follow my life .
tr	I	They all looked alike , and the artifacts rested on blank white cabinets .
tr	O	The gadget seemed antique in contrast to the high tech sports car , but a perfect solution nonetheless .
tr	O	Max Fairlight led his victim out of the bar , and she leant into him in the cold night air .
tr	I	Plans were made to rebuild quickly , and the ruins of Winkler 's beach house had been cleared away , too .
tr	O	I unfold the pages and my eyes instantly fall to the two names written at the top of the page .
tr	O	This startled the unit and it turned to face the emplacement .
tr	O	Jacques ' arms tightened , and he laughed softly , triumphantly .
tr	O	ABOUT THE AUTHOR Demelza Carlton has always loved the ocean , but on her first snorkelling trip she found she was afraid of fish .
tr	I	She is hindered without it , and she has none at all .
tr	O	The clean cut preppy look suited him and although I had every detail of his face already memorized , I found myself staring .
tr	I	Her lungs ached from having to draw in rapid breath after rapid breath , and her knees protested every step .
tr	I	They were good curves , in just the right places , but she still had some curves on her .
tr	I	What the hell , I am going to do anything I can to help you but you could be stupid at times .
tr	I	Then you 're just as quick to walk out as my father was , and you tell me I can trust you .
tr	I	She was pleased to find her voice steady , and she said .
tr	O	This might have been my favorite part of the day , but for him , it must have been the most lonesome .
tr	I	My weight is no match for his , but he 's about average height for a guy , which makes me in heels as tall as him .
tr	O	It was hardly a little adventure but Charlie couldn 't tell Bill that .
tr	O	The ground grew uneven , and her progress slowed as she navigated the rougher terrain .
tr	O	Those who know , simply know and there 's nothing I can do about it .
tr	O	She has it in her mind to avoid all relationships of such a nature and we must respect her wishes .
tr	O	Her eyes were clear and her hair didn 't look bad -- pretty impressive if you ignored everything below the chin .
tr	O	She wouldn 't call it ego , exactly , but the guys had all grown into their fame through the last couple of years .
tr	O	The pain in her leg blazed , but Mairi was numb to the hurt .
tr	O	The person lying in that hospital bed did resemble the Max I 'd worked with for ten years , but there was something missing .
tr	O	I moved to sit up , but Michael didn 't budge .
tr	I	She flinched involuntarily , and his words felt like a slap across the face .
tr	I	The morning came all too quickly , and it was late when Heather returned to their camp .
tr	I	All she could do was smile a little , and he watched her face carefully for any sign that she wanted to stop .
tr	I	There was no going back to those few months where my life felt just right , but I wished everything could be alright again .
tr	O	It was getting hotter by the minute , and he wiped the sweat from his brow .
tr	O	Ashe had never seen these vampires before , but his experience with vampires was quite limited .
tr	O	The forest fell away , and I plunged into blackness .
tr	O	He 'd get her home as soon as he could , but she 'd only truly be safe if he took the Starlin Group down .
tr	O	At first , Savannah was smiling , enjoying the fascinating old legend , but a slow dread was beginning to seize her .
tr	I	I winced as I swung my leg from the ATV , and we parked the vehicles near the entrance .
tr	O	The room had windows on three sides , and the morning light dazzled the eyes .
tr	I	Her husband agreed with her , and the girl 's mother gave her the name of Lea because the mother believed that it was a beautiful name .
tr	O	We are in disorder and there are few candidates .
tr	O	She spent the better part of that afternoon finishing her homework , and she also did some more reading on the Shroud .
tr	I	Angelina made her way home and at the Arches they parted .
tr	I	Dr. Stewart holds out a hand to stop her , but mom starts to answer .
tr	O	We 'll be back together soon , and then I 'll tell you about how much this really sucked .
tr	I	He staggered down to one knee and his face went white with shock .
tr	O	Silently she handed him her cup , and he disappeared into the house .
tr	O	Sheridan had pushed me to this point , and I hated her for it , hated her for making me act like this type of violent person .
tr	O	The sarcasm was clear and Hayes saw Lenin did not appreciate it .
tr	I	Her expression soured further , and she glanced past Tessa .
tr	O	They were meaningless but they were funny .
tr	I	Then he was voted back into office for three subsequent terms , and he had grudgingly served as county judge when the incumbent died without warning .
tr	O	Below , a wolf got close enough to jump at Monika , but she gave him a kick in the ribs , which knocked him down .
tr	O	Their distress brought a lump to Grace 's throat , but she wasn 't about to reveal that to Camille .
tr	O	She was already in pain and he doubted she could bear much more .
tr	O	Her feet slipped out from under her , and her hands flailed at her sides .
tr	I	We wouldn 't and we didn 't .
tr	O	It hurt , sometimes more than you could bear , but there was no way to avoid it .
tr	I	He would not betray James 's now , and he had never betrayed Will 's confidence .
tr	I	Eliot was already reacting , but I screamed .
tr	I	There was currently nothing I could do about it and my husband 's soul was trapped in my hands .
tr	O	A smart man would avoid both hazards , but he couldn 't afford to opt out .
tr	O	I didn 't cover my trail as well as I should have and they picked me off a few weeks later .
tr	I	She couldn 't seem to draw enough air into her lungs and her pulse raced .
tr	I	Stefan 's face was wet , too , and tears were slipping down Katherine 's cheeks .
tr	O	He glided smoothly into her wet opening and there was only a small moment of pain before the pleasure took over again .
tr	I	We wouldn 't have had to spend so much time apart , and I don 't know why I hadn 't thought of it sooner .
tr	O	Those were the golden days , and they were all too fleeting .
tr	O	I know I should walk away from this situation , but I can 't .
tr	I	She could tell he didn 't really care , but he asked .
tr	I	She didn 't listen , but warning bells were going off inside her .
tr	O	Okay , so it probably wasn 't going to work , but obsessing about it certainly wouldn 't work .
tr	O	If two men fought to the death , something got broken and they won 't have been able to conceal everything .
tr	I	I could only reach halfway down my shins but I strained .
tr	I	She wasted no time on such concerns , but a small analytical part of her mind was staggered at just how much power she was holding .
tr	I	I sighed deeply and the connection ended .
tr	I	She forced herself to grip them tightly , afraid they might slip , but the hot tweezers scalded her skin .
tr	O	I didn 't know how she 'd feel afterwards , and I didn 't want her driving home by herself .
tr	I	They were suddenly moving and the truck engine fired to life .
tr	I	My instincts lead me to believe that won 't happen , but we can hope for it .
tr	I	Her desk would stop her but she 'd back away .
tr	I	He pulled away but I reached over to shake his hand .
tr	I	His tall form covered me completely , and his back was to the rest of the room .
tr	O	He hesitated , as if his next words were difficult , but that made them sound all the more sincere .
tr	I	He stares down at them too and he notices that I 'm staring at them .
tr	I	The pair ran back up the stairs , and she collected her sister by the elbow .
tr	O	His head stayed still , but his feet kept on going .
tr	I	He didn 't let go , but he loosened his hold on me .
tr	O	He had no more words , and he just shook her hand .
tr	I	He said we knew each other , but I didn 't recognize him .
tr	O	She glances my way now and I feel frozen in place .
tr	O	She had managed to clean off part of the last word , but the meaning was still clear .
tr	O	Some of the crimson in it flared to green , and I knew this was the color of her sadness .
tr	O	My knees gave out and I fell before her .
tr	I	Jain pulled them anyway , but the only weeds were tiny sprouts amid the thriving vegetables .
tr	I	After one particular month-long drinking binge , he graduated to cocaine and he tried unsuccessfully to make the pain go away with liquor .
tr	I	The only real conclusion I drew was that it was very sensual , and it was the first time I 'd had sushi .
tr	O	He led them at a run to the front door and he flung it open .
tr	I	Their temples were flared , and their scales were the same shade as blood .
tr	O	Blood spurted from the overlord 's wound and he roared in pain .
tr	I	There wasn 't anything happy in the gesture , but he smiled in full now .
tr	O	I 'd withstood the Florida heat for an hour with no problem , but suddenly I felt sweat break out on my forehead .
tr	I	They added to his air of confident maturity but there were streaks of grey in his curly brown hair which had not been there two years ago .
tr	I	He 'd left the other in the front cab , but he had brought one rifle with him .
tr	O	The shirt itself was seared through , but the skin beneath it was unburned .
tr	O	Her legs buckled at the sight of the incline , and her stomach rose in her throat .
tr	I	She had the courage to decide what she wanted to do with her life and she had gone through something extraordinary .
tr	O	Taylor was only mean and Marisa was only stupid .
tr	O	She visibly relaxes when she sees me , but it only lasts a moment before anger replaces it .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to reply , but someone else beat me to it .
tr	I	A hard lump formed in my throat , and my mouth went dry .
tr	I	She looked up at him and her long lashes lifted .
tr	I	Her face was bright red as she avoided eye contact with me and I turned to look at Clementine .
tr	O	Maybe Buzz ' FBI job had nothing to do with him , but again , maybe it did .
tr	O	His breath burned her cheek , its scent filling her lungs , and everything inside her snapped .
tr	O	She needed him to agree to thirty days max , or she wasn 't going to go along with this .
tr	I	I could feel the tension in the air and his fingers pressed into my side .
tr	O	He frowned out at the sea , and his voice trailed away into an awkward silence .
tr	O	Little exciting happened in the isolated village , and Polonius ' boast had been reported .
tr	I	Not when the cold was so bitter , the wind so vicious , but normally they would have walked the short distance .
tr	I	As soon as it left her lips , Carol stiffened , but his name slipped out unnoticed .
tr	O	Her eyes were open once more , and they were focused on his mouth .
tr	I	I put the flowers in water , and he says we can order in tonight .
tr	I	She 'd allowed Trent to coax her upstairs , and she 'd convinced herself she was ready for the first step of her new plan .
tr	I	I was , but it 's like I wasn 't supposed to be here .
tr	O	Angela might be planning to move , but she hadn 't done it yet .
tr	I	You could see every inch of it but it was surrounded by a glass cabinet .
tr	O	His chest was heaving and Charlotte knew he was fighting his own anger .
tr	I	That was kept by the New Zealand coven , but she 'd won a choker that gave its possessor the siren 's song .
tr	I	The shopkeeper starting shaking his head slowly , still looking Dan ' r in the eye , but Dan ' r started .
tr	I	Twice those screams eclipsed the sound , and twice she turned up the volume on the television to drown out his screams .
tr	O	She knew that a few hundred feet above , the sun was only just setting , but here it seemed to be the dead of night .
tr	O	Peter asked , turning to her with a faint smile , and Emma nodded , not entirely sure what she was agreeing to .
tr	O	She stood for a moment , and then she lay straight on the ground where she stood .
tr	O	The house had seemed quiet on the outside , but noise filled the inside .
tr	O	He 'd always disapproved of her , and that constant in her life gave her another boost of energy .
tr	O	Ha , tell that to the people back at home and they 'd die laughing .
tr	I	She was shocked now , but Rue couldn 't remember the last time she 'd been shocked .
tr	I	The silver buttons gleamed in the sunlight streaming into the room , and its wooden body felt warm in her hands .
tr	O	He shook her hand again and Maggie flushed at the compliment .
tr	O	It has become the gossip of the town , and it does little for either of our reputations .
tr	O	It 's a great facility and we liked it very much .
tr	O	Now you may think that my path to God was unique , but besides my trip into the future , it 's not .
tr	I	I could at least do what I do best -- learn , but I might never be able to make that dream become real .
tr	I	This burden of knowledge could not wait until morning , but he had hoped not to have to make the trek to the cemetery in the dark .
tr	O	The sidewalk was packed with people , and like the road , no one seemed to be moving .
tr	I	Helen answered it , and a knock sounded at the door .
tr	I	I would both get out and there was no way Emma .
tr	I	A spy must embrace the unexpected , but I am lying .
tr	I	She was worried about her own , and Duncan was heading after his brother .
tr	O	I should 've hit its heart , but it showed no signs of dying .
tr	O	yelled the talented showman , and the audience gave a little chuckle .
tr	O	I expect I 'll cause quite the uproar , but I 'm up for a fight over it .
tr	I	Izzy , of all humans , knew this and dragons were not beasts of burden .
tr	O	I turned to Riley and he nodded in agreement .
tr	O	She 'd never experienced it before , and it made her all the more wary .
tr	I	She had nowhere to go , but Vin felt that she should have left as well .
tr	O	I glance at Elliott , but then I follow .
tr	O	Well , who wouldn 't , given what happened , but he had to deal with that , not run away from it .
tr	O	Brother killed brother out of jealousy and the earth became filled with wickedness .
tr	I	It was a losing battle from the start , but he could manage it for a little while .
tr	O	I 'd intended to tell her this whole story soberly , because it was only a nibble , and maybe it wouldn 't pan out .
tr	I	Both of my sires crowded around me , and I yelped as my chair slid to the wall .
tr	I	Inside , she was afraid all the time , but she wore the costume of a grown woman .
tr	O	Looking at her , and he was happy .
tr	I	They still made me uneasy anyway , but the words didn 't feel like a lie coming from Kade 's lips .
tr	I	He was finding it harder to carry Katie and his vision was going gray around the edges .
tr	I	The night flowed into silence , and the light went out in Andrea 's bedroom .
tr	I	Once was enough , but James had only met Vicky once .
tr	I	She dropped the subject for now but she didn 't look like she was ready to give up on trying to help me .
tr	O	She could create the warming spell herself , but that wasn 't the point .
tr	O	Magnus did not take such suffering lightly , but even mortals did not die of broken hearts .
tr	O	Tears dropped from her eyes , and he couldn 't hate her .
tr	O	We headed off in the direction that the gremlins had been dragging the bodies but there was a lot of ground to cover .
tr	O	The troll reached around Joey to fiddle with something and the bed started moving .
tr	I	Now he needs life energy every day , and the crystal did something awful to him .
tr	O	She hoped he was all right , but the desert could be treacherous .
tr	I	It flailed against the restraints and he jerked his left arm .
tr	I	She lashed out again , and Christopher tried to approach .
tr	O	He tightened the hand at her waist , and with his other he slid his thumb along the angles of her jaw .
tr	O	That 's neat , and it 's tidy .
tr	O	It was the finest thing that Odd had ever made , and it was beautiful .
tr	O	He was actually quite good looking , but something about his soul felt diseased .
tr	O	I want to ask him about last night , but I can 't chance someone hearing our conversation .
tr	I	All I could do was scream , and everyone came rushing into my room .
tr	I	I pull my clothes off and I 'm standing in front of the shower .
tr	O	Beside him , Amber slid the gown over her head , and he moved to shield her from their late-night visitor .
tr	O	It was beautiful and it was warm .
tr	O	She 's determined to be a good mother , but that has extended into everything .
tr	I	The tires kick up a cloud of dust and the approaching car bounces over the rocky earth .
tr	O	He struggled at first as I brought him over the fence , but then settled down as he saw us all .
tr	O	Her own fingers turned to claws , and she slashed quickly .
tr	O	He should have included her scholarship fund program in his own proposal , but he had underestimated Zhang 's commitment to it .
tr	I	They always do but I don 't know why .
tr	I	I am inclined not to inquire , but I don 't have a reason for the Honored One 's reversal in this .
tr	I	That 's when I found the jaw bone and I wiped my hands off in the dirt .
tr	O	The grid 's already in place , and all this stuff is computerized nowadays .
tr	I	They didn 't pay me , but my parents made me work .
tr	O	The scout 's sword dropped as he felt Altair 's blade held to his throat , and he whimpered .
tr	I	Some last shred of himself - whoever he was - kept him clinging to sanity , but he wanted to lose his mind .
tr	O	Then the grin faded , and he looked wary .
tr	I	The other man nodded his head in agreement , and he looked at Dr. Graham .
tr	O	* * * * * Within minutes Sam appraised the mattress covering the open doorway , and the frame wedged into place , temporarily securing the mattress .
tr	I	We all went home , and we had a fight .
tr	I	His eyes rolled up in his head and Blood spurted from his nose .
tr	I	He preferred it that way and he lived his life for himself .
tr	I	I bent down to pick it up , and the box smashed to the floor .
tr	O	Neither of them was strong enough and they both fell on the floor .
tr	I	Our word is our bond , and we are creatures of honor .
tr	I	I was pregnant , but the spa beckoned , its hot water frothing in the late morning sun .
tr	I	They 'd have such a treat , and she 'd take it home to Father .
tr	I	The next day you break up , and they won 't be there anyway .
tr	O	Just her luck that the one guy she found attractive was not only human , but a frigging dream to boot .
tr	I	Instead he would be annoyed , but the really amusing thing was that in about a week he would no longer be amused .
tr	I	She leapt to her feet , and then she recognized whose body it was .
tr	O	For so long he had been set on his future , but now it was necessary to make a switch .
tr	O	Owen stiffened beside me , but he didn 't say anything .
tr	I	There was a deep line between her eyebrows and her mouth was twisted .
tr	I	His guest graciously paid before he had a chance to get out his money , and the waiter arrived with drinks .
tr	O	She didn 't know what would happen between them , but she knew she never wanted to lose him .
tr	O	I heard the vehemence in my voice and I hurried to explain myself .
tr	O	She was looking at me as if I was slightly mad , but she was too desperate to really care .
tr	I	My mom was at home resting , and I was in the hospital , hooked up to machines .
tr	O	Her head fell back , and her nails scratched at his back .
tr	O	Guilt soured my stomach , but this was different .
tr	O	There 's a tapping noise , something faint at first , but the more awake I get , the louder it becomes .
tr	O	I know my hand was trembling , but it had been so long since I had relief from this pain .
tr	O	Barlow 's barking laugh subsided , but his heavy shoulders kept heaving .
tr	I	I sneezed profusely and a gust of dust filled my nostrils .
tr	I	He held onto me , but I tried to get out of bed , to get away from him .
tr	I	They twinkled brightly over our heads and the stars were out .
tr	I	I drop to my knees , shouting in pain and as I take a step toward them , fire spreads through my chest .
tr	O	Her shop 's not doing so great right now , and I don 't make a lot .
tr	I	I can see the looks passing between them and Jacob straightens up .
tr	O	His name would be called and he wouldn 't be there .
tr	O	They may call me Supergirl , but I wasn 't that brave .
tr	O	Arnie opened his eyes and Melissa handed him the drink .
tr	I	Couples began filling the enormous dance floor and the music started .
tr	I	My lunch churned inside me and my face was hot .
tr	O	There was a contact that would have opened it automatically , but in the blur of waking , he could not find it .
tr	O	She gripped the tree and she turned her gaze .
tr	I	Then Mom puts down her fork , and my parents give each other a meaningful look .
tr	O	She whacked it on her thigh and the light came back on .
tr	O	* * * * * Ken was sitting in the living room , drinking coffee and reading a newspaper .
tr	O	He seemed trustworthy but something still bothered Aaron .
tr	I	I won 't do anything to you without your permission , but a lot of people are counting on you .
tr	O	His eyes were fixed on the priest , and he appeared engrossed in the sermon .
tr	I	Nothing changes , but she tugs once at the dress , trying to get it fall in a different way .
tr	I	This one seemed different , but she had seen these rooms countless times before .
tr	I	Melissa had encouraged her , but it had been difficult .
tr	I	Screaming like a banshee and * * * * * Old Lady Griffin dashed into the clearing , wielding her cane like a battle axe .
tr	I	It 's not the real you , but it 's like I 'm looking through a blurred window at you .
tr	O	They had been practicing since dawn , and Austin hurt from head to two .
tr	O	I loved Deborah , and I defended her .
tr	O	The dirt brown fur on its back is standing on end and anxiously it paws the ground with its hoof ready to charge him .
tr	O	I have some lasting issues but I have almost completely recovered .
tr	O	They 'd made love , and she 'd taken off .
tr	O	Sebastian had a sudden mental image of how that body would appear naked , and he swallowed hard .
tr	O	I 'm taking time out of my sleep only to get you and your guy back out there on the job .
tr	O	She 'd said it with her eyes closed , not really intending to say that , but the words just slipped out accidentally .
tr	O	It 's so simple and you 're so pretty .
tr	I	You didn 't see me being ridiculously irresponsible about it , but I hadn 't gotten a chance to eat .
tr	I	She 's of legal age and that 's her daughter .
tr	I	They are never this big , but I have only seen pictures of them .
tr	O	I wasn 't exactly perfect out there either you know .
tr	O	Kate 's being raised by her father -- and Camp Shipley is her fifth summer camp .
tr	I	When he did , my wobbling knees forced me to prop myself up with my back to the wall , and he let me go .
tr	I	I just keep thinking I 'm not bringing you anything at all , but it isn 't news to you .
tr	O	I 've not met them personally , but by reputation they 're expert outdoorsmen .
tr	I	She wanted to remember every single one and because she knew his kisses were numbered .
tr	I	The security DVR had been destroyed after the disc was stolen and the night clerk had been killed the evening before .
tr	I	It was obvious Helen didn 't have anything to worry about and one step into the orphanage .
tr	O	Seeing Caleb was like a gift , but all we 'd done was argue .
tr	I	I had to admit that I was eager to see the package that awaited me , and his bulge was apparent from beneath his boxer shorts .
tr	I	I take it and Blake pulls it out of his back pocket with his free hand .
tr	O	Cabrillo let out a shout and the man stepped back smiling , unabashed by his lewd behavior .
tr	O	I promise , promise , promise to eat everything on my plate , but I want some now .
tr	O	My delay could have easily been attributed to my sleeplessness , but I was surprised to find that Al saw right through me .
tr	O	Guess I didn 't think it all through yet , but now I see where you 're going with it .
tr	O	I liked to believe I was more skilled now , a better hunter , and that first time was a mere fluke .
tr	I	I hated it , and it was my birthday .
tr	I	He pressed play , and she handed it to Brent .
tr	O	It had truly been a roller coaster ride , one with a lot of bumps , but things were healing over .
tr	I	She 's doing her best to remain calm for us but I can tell that her face shows a little bit of anxiety .
tr	I	There were staff sat at all of the four desks and when he checked the office again , it was open .
tr	I	I focused on the empty bookshelves and a lump formed in my throat .
tr	I	I wonder if I should give her some privacy , and there 's no answer .
tr	O	It seemed odd to be giving orders to people who were all older than I was , but I figured I 'd get used to it .
tr	I	He came in to talk to me about Stephen and he was a psychiatrist .
tr	I	It means the world to me and the feedback for ' The Pursuit of Emma ' so far has been genuinely heart-warming .
tr	I	There was still a dark cloud between us but I wanted to curl up in his arms .
tr	O	She smiles at me , and my stomach curls .
tr	O	He had no idea how he would carry out his threats - but he had no doubt that he would indeed carry them out .
tr	I	Sadly it seemed that just wasn 't going to happen , but Martin held out hope that he could harbor some secrets .
tr	I	I don 't think anything could ever get him down , and he 's like sunshine .
tr	O	The boy 's face fell , and Henry had to keep himself from smiling at the transparency of his feelings .
tr	I	It is for this moment that our lives came to be but what has traveled to us on desert winds is not of our experience .
tr	O	All I need is this one moment , and I can get back to being me .
tr	I	She never thought he 'd let her in enough to explain , but she 'd sensed his unease with many things in his life .
tr	I	I didn 't see anything , but I looked around the room .
tr	I	They 're bullshit and I was angry .
tr	O	She tosses her head back and my name is moaned out .
tr	O	The dining room was still full , and people were lingering longer this morning .
tr	O	Her tongue teased his between little nibbles on his lips and it made him want more , need more .
tr	O	That wasn 't a direct answer to my question , but I guessed it meant yes .
tr	I	I started hiking toward that part of the beach that sloped down from right to left of the precipice and I grabbed my camera bag .
tr	O	He drew a sharp breath at the first touch , and she loved this ; the moment when a man was helpless to her touch .
tr	I	It was so quiet a tiny breeze would have put out the fires , but there might have been the slightest stirrings of desire .
tr	O	Cammie held up her arms for Travis to pick her up , but Donovan stood , lifting her into his arms .
tr	I	He was suddenly red with shame and it had been like a spasm .
tr	I	Timmy read the accompanying article and a picture of the hotel flashed up .
tr	I	Two solemn faces appeared round the door and there was a padding of feet .
tr	O	Susan opened her mouth to protest , but then reconsidered .
tr	O	Her eyelids began to droop , and she fought back a yawn .
tr	I	I bit back a squeal and the leaves crackled around me .
tr	I	She trembled , and he caressed her cheek .
tr	I	You can never be forced to divulge anything a client tells you and it 's a privileged relationship .
tr	O	The effort drained her though , and every night she returned home too tired to go running in the park .
tr	I	I couldn 't say for sure , but Everything had felt right .
tr	O	I hesitated , but I went in .
tr	O	Several minutes dragged on and the screaming finally quit .
tr	O	His posture was misaligned like a hook , but his was smiling .
tr	O	His bar managed to survive while others faded away and he attributed his longevity to going with is instincts .
tr	I	Red had a broadsword , and Stella now carried a short sword at her side .
tr	I	She walked quickly behind the man , and the lost item turned out to be a small knitted bootie , which she picked up .
tr	O	Then Karou attacked the guy , and he felt much better .
tr	O	He hadn 't even been back for twenty-four hours and already he was tormenting me .
tr	I	Sometimes a minute felt like an eternity , and sometimes a week felt like a day .
tr	O	His mother pulled away from him and I felt my mouth opening in surprise .
tr	I	She recognized the spot he gave her and he pushed the coordinates into her head .
tr	I	Scott got the distinct impression she had lost something and she looked over one shoulder then the other .
tr	I	I could see the dark , arched entrance of a huge cave in it , and there was a hill on the opposite side of the pond .
tr	I	Gray buildings were beginning to rise up around them on either side , and they had entered London .
tr	O	The nurse appears wary now , but he has a job to do .
tr	I	I nod , and he asks .
tr	I	Mr. Honeybee , who was also having lunch , made her clean it , and Cherise was too embarrassed to pick it up .
tr	O	The gunslinger 's stomach seemed to rise painfully against his heart , but his face didn 't change .
tr	O	She could have sworn she 'd shut it , but maybe she hadn 't .
tr	O	Megan opened her mouth to argue further , but I cut her off .
tr	O	She hadn 't in years , and these phone calls only served to remind her of yet something else in her life she could never get right .
tr	O	Her breath hitched as Aiden closed the door , bathing the place in darkness , but her eyes soon adjusted .
tr	I	It was really more like an oversized walk-in closet , but all her personal things were located in a room adjacent to the bathroom .
tr	I	I didn 't feel good about them , either , but I didn 't exactly feel like all these deaths were my fault .
tr	I	That was not the whole secret , but for one thing , they were too big for such a wind .
tr	O	Ben went through the window , and McBride followed straight after him .
tr	O	He turned to me and my heart sank again .
tr	O	Matthew pushed Alexis out of the way and Amanda plunged the knife into his chest .
tr	I	Several units made it through the gates , but most of the second generation did perish in the final blast .
tr	I	He turned it over , letting his fingers slip between mine and I placed my right hand on his left .
tr	I	They understood it , and yes , they were all implicated .
tr	O	I didn 't ask , and he didn 't tell .
tr	O	A great celebration had been enjoyed on the eve of their departure , and many gifts were given to them .
tr	O	Shelly concluded , suggesting a spot for it in the relish dish , but it did not fit .
tr	I	Since I was with Max , the rich part took care of itself , and I guess I qualified as a tourist .
tr	I	He was still not speaking above a stage whisper , but a boy 's voice was the loudest .
tr	O	She 'd come in with friends , but they 'd soon deserted her to dance .
tr	I	I can assure you there is nothing about you that 's special and a zebra doesn 't change his stripes .
tr	O	The voice called for me again and this time I found myself standing .
tr	I	I was drawing blanks , but I racked my brain , trying to think of what I had wanted to say .
tr	I	His face was damp with mist , and he could hear the main cascade pummeling rock with a constant , thudding splat .
tr	I	Still , she adored them , but they weren 't much by de Laurent standards .
tr	O	As Jenny arose , so did Aunt Elinor , but she paused beside Arik , her hand on the back of his chair .
tr	I	It irked me and I knew he had a crush on her .
tr	I	The people around her ran for cover and she pulled her gun when she didn 't see us .
tr	O	There was blood splashing everywhere and the scene was tremendously sickening .
tr	O	His gaze moved and he saw the magazine cover .
tr	O	I kept looking at moving back there as getting my life back ... but I guess I 'm realizing it 's an entirely new life now .
tr	I	This will all be over and maybe if I tell her about the real me , she won 't want me .
tr	I	She wanted more ... so much more , and his body , pressed against hers , held its own armor , its own safety .
tr	I	The children were still too young to appreciate it and the furniture was expensive .
tr	I	My career changed , and when I became a vampire , my life changed .
tr	O	She hasn 't taken anything from me and I think she 's dying .
tr	I	I take it , wedging it against the door handle and Lennox has a cricket bat in his hand .
tr	I	I will never have to see her again , and she is not worth wasting my breath on .
tr	I	There was no mistaking their shock at her behavior , but her parents talked over each other .
tr	I	She 'd still come to lunch , but she 'd known that .
tr	O	She was knowledgeable and Case enjoyed every minute of the conversation .
tr	O	I checked over my shoulder , but the Fist was gone .
tr	I	Surrounded her until Frieda Whitehall stepped forward , obviously the spokesperson , and the women poured in as if she were giving merchandise away .
tr	I	I needed to get my balance again on land and like I had spent all this time at sea .
tr	I	One must not be rushed into these things and it is obviously a big decision .
tr	I	I was just shaken up a little and they hit on the passenger side .
tr	O	He 'll be weaker during the ritual , but he won 't be dead .
tr	O	A chill went down her spine and yet she found it hard to believe he could be capable of such a thing .
tr	O	A slow quiet melody took place over the crackling of the fire and they all turned around to see what the noise had stemmed from .
tr	O	She comes back to the room crying , and she tells us to help her get off campus .
tr	O	The visions were always about the person I touched and they were always a piece of something that was going to happen to them in the future .
tr	O	I moved closer to him and with just one touch he would be mine .
tr	I	I can tell Coach is nervous , but it 's a hot sticky night .
tr	I	Primarily she used the room for storage , but there was a double bed .
tr	I	My legs reached up to encircle him and I moaned as his lips clasped down on my left breast .
tr	O	The moment I heard seared my brain , and I grieve even yet over the memory .
tr	I	Immediately , I can 't imagine why I said it , and it 's out before I even think of it .
tr	O	Damien was close to taking a swing at the man but he didn 't want to make the situation worse for Trinity .
tr	I	It would have to wait , but Gumshoe recalled the tale well .
tr	O	I never expected much from a tree giant , but frankly I was surprised .
tr	O	Classical music meant he needed some zen or he 'd start busting heads .
tr	O	Her call to action frees me and I 'm able to move again .
tr	O	I were still tucked against John , both my arms behind his one like it were some shield , and the light were snaking into the cave .
tr	I	He saw the hope flicker across the man 's face again , and he brandished them like a badge .
tr	O	My relief hauled herself in over the port side and I flopped out the other .
tr	I	I had departed for my home on the range and they asked me for a signed statement .
tr	O	Someone gasped below , and she swallowed the urge to glance down .
tr	O	His lids grow heavy and he reaches out , his fingers cradling my cheek .
tr	O	I gingerly pressed down on the accelerator and the car leaped forward , like some kind of beast being let out of a cage .
tr	I	She nodded , and we both knew the reason why .
tr	O	Maybe I 'm a little nervous , but there 's no reason to be .
tr	I	I barely notice them , but a waiter passes by bearing small salads for another couple at a nearby table .
tr	O	Perhaps his tip-off could have been wrong about this being a safe house belonging to the United States , but his source was rock solid .
tr	I	Here his expression changed and Arjuna stopped a few paces behind .
tr	O	It was organic , but it wasn 't human .
tr	O	She punctuated this with a little laugh so that she didn 't sound complete pushy , but Mike just stared at her blankly .
tr	O	He lived in this one bedroom apartment he shared with a buddy from a restaurant he used to work at , and he slept on the couch .
tr	I	Now her skin hangs from her bones like melted plastic , but she might have been beautiful once .
tr	I	They hadn 't even opened their mouths but she had tried to question her captors .
tr	O	You would think it meant that we were together , and it wouldn 't mean that at all .
tr	O	He wondered about playing it but it didn 't say , play me .
tr	I	Things don 't seem the way they should and obviously you 've had a very big head injury .
tr	O	a voice shouts , and I go still .
tr	O	You don 't like me and I don 't like you .
tr	O	he begged anyone who would listen , but no one was .
tr	I	I wasn 't surprised about that , but Gavin didn 't get a greeting .
tr	I	He was far from functioning enough to drive and the man driving had been on some medication .
tr	I	I heard James 's voice , and my machine picked up .
tr	O	The wood boards creaked under her heels , and the wind whistled through the trees overhead .
tr	I	Everyone was always dumping on him , but Ethan deserved happiness .
tr	O	I 'd apologized , but it wasn 't my fault she insisted on ordering the third drink .
tr	O	The storm was moving in and the wind had picked up considerably buffeting the aircraft .
tr	O	It was a few minutes to three and she was about to take off her pinafore to go home , when the door chime announced another customer .
tr	O	There were a lot of good players here and some of the kids were pretty big .
tr	I	Although she was thin , she wasn 't skinny , and she wore a black dress .
tr	O	He could drink anything he pleased , but solid food made him violently ill .
tr	I	Rob was looking at the rest of them soberly and a few minutes later they had pulled over by the roadside .
tr	O	When he came out , they tried to fire him , but his lawyer convinced them that they couldn 't .
tr	O	He had too much power to cross , and Max had no scruples about using it as it suited him .
tr	I	Was still taking awhile , but the walk to the gas station was fairly short .
tr	O	Jake groaned , but it was not from any kind of pain in his head .
tr	I	She tried to lasso me with it and she had a noose in her hand .
tr	I	I was getting the sudden urge to run the other way and the door to the counselor 's office was growing dangerously near .
tr	O	Her shirt floated to the ground , and she lifted her arms skyward , a seductress tempting the heavens .
tr	O	Autumn was hungry , but it was a lot of food for just the two of them .
tr	I	I see the face of a man that 's about to do something stupid , and my eyes dart sideways to peek at him .
tr	I	I am fully clothed and here you are naked .
tr	I	It might affect your plans as you have described them to me , but by tomorrow this will be known to everyone .
tr	O	It saddened her deeply , but she couldn 't see any other option .
tr	O	A laugh flees from my mouth and he opens his eyes looking happy .
tr	O	Jared joined in our laughter and I squeezed his hand .
tr	O	She had fallen hard for Brady Maxwell , but he couldn 't parade that woman in front of her .
tr	O	Lord wanted to lunge at him and Hayes seemed to sense the hatred .
tr	I	I thought I would be up for the challenge , but they had warned me that it would be taxing .
tr	I	Victoria shook her head and Liz opened her mouth to speak .
tr	I	He never told me , and he 's on drugs ?
tr	O	She didn 't know what to make of this offer , but it did plant a seed of hope in her mind .
tr	O	I want to be with him , but it 's not a good idea .
tr	O	There were only a dozen dragons in his wing , and he brought no presents that year .
tr	O	I hear what you 're saying and you have to admit I 've been better lately .
tr	I	We don 't solicit applications and we don 't advertise openings .
tr	I	These things are usually over quite quickly , but they 'll miss each other , naturally .
tr	I	The music had stopped and everyone was watching us .
tr	I	The weight of his touch intensified , and he disappeared halfway through that sentence .
tr	O	She whispered it , but her voice seemed to echo .
tr	I	Nothing like we 've had since this guy blew into town , but we 've always had our share of crime .
tr	O	I started to complain , but I fell silent when I realized that his whole body was quivering with anger .
tr	I	Everyone jumped , and I shouted .
tr	I	He was already walking away , but he tried to hit the man 's grubby shoes .
tr	I	She thought for a moment that he was praying , and he knelt down in front of the altar .
tr	O	Others will take the credit for her work and since she was undercover , she could not boast about the cases that she solved during that time .
tr	I	The look on her face was sexy as hell , and her crazy corkscrew curls were flying in every direction .
tr	O	That was a different kind of love , and it was no more .
tr	I	It wasn 't a surprise when Shelly returned with an apologetic smile , and a soup kitchen couldn 't exactly afford the best cuts of meat .
tr	I	I felt as though I was constantly missing some important details and everything with them was awkward .
tr	O	He felt a large bump near her temple and she winced when the pads of his fingers gently examined her .
tr	O	He pulled back suddenly and she pouted in protest .
tr	O	Miss Berkshire was late to Advisory class , and as she set her things on her desk , Ms. Moore came on over the loud speaker .
tr	O	The streetlights were lit up but nothing moved .
tr	O	She looks back at the screen and a look of pure disappointment covers her face .
tr	O	They might all be a bunch of criminals , but even they could behave at a funeral .
tr	O	It would be embarrassing for him , and I wanted to spare him the gushing parental gratitude .
tr	O	The professor 's soul is returning , and it 's still a little ripped .
tr	I	No amount of preparation could replace experience and he had expected this , that this unit was as close as his old one .
tr	O	I noticed sets of eyes staring at me , but many more sets were staring at Sawyer .
tr	I	While they 'd fallen asleep earlier , they 'd still filled their evening with incredible sex , and he 'd spent the night again .
tr	I	It doesn 't look like she 's brushed it in a year , and her hair is straight , falling in sharp lines around her chin .
tr	O	I was told that I would only be safe from this fate if I crossed over to the Netherworld ... but I think my chance has passed .
tr	O	Chicago was large , but I had to admit it did not approach the majesty of New York City .
tr	O	Shame rushed over me again , feeling Rob 's awful stare on my back , and my face crumpled .
tr	O	He paused for a moment , and the look on his face eased .
tr	O	She had no idea how they could make something so amazing , and they had a special cream for hair !
tr	O	Alanna looked determined , but the weeks of pulling Alanna in the cart had taken a toll on Thomas .
tr	O	I saw the fear on some of their faces then , and again that fierce joy hit me .
tr	I	I 'm supposed to be one of them and there aren 't a lot of people you can be you around .
tr	O	It created a considerable amount of steam , but I could still clearly see the results .
tr	O	He understood then , and he will now , too .
tr	I	It felt like lifting an oak table , but he tried to raise the cover .
tr	I	He found some interesting papers , and he was rummaging through his parents ' bedroom .
tr	I	It was destroying her , and my mother had just realized that she 'd lost me .
tr	O	Tears ran down my face and I couldn 't stop them .
tr	I	At least we could be , or we are near the end .
tr	O	I have been trying to prepare for this moment but the right thing to say never came to me .
tr	I	I practically choked on the blood and I began to spit it out .
tr	I	He hated pity and he hated scandal .
tr	O	All three women 's faces were creased with horror and it sparked gladness in Keeley 's heart .
tr	O	There are two other pyramids just beyond it , but you couldn 't see those through the rain .
tr	O	I recognized it , and my heart sped up , beating against my ribs .
tr	O	The music began to fade from my ears , and the people around me vanished from my vision .
tr	I	She couldn 't help that , but Joy knew she sounded defensive .
tr	I	You want to believe that we can be and we want to be thoughtful .
tr	I	The sweat kept dripping into my eyes and my arms were aching .
tr	O	I wished there was some way that I could be the only one to suffer , but I knew that was impossible .
tr	I	He can tell by my tone that it was bad , but he doesn 't press me for the details .
tr	O	Her change of subject was obvious and Doug knew he had to accept the parameters .
tr	I	The demon 's focus remained on Susi , and we approached as quietly as we could .
tr	O	It wasn 't much , but it looked nice .
tr	I	I wanted to whip out the crowbar , just in case , and Adrenaline rushed through my limbs .
tr	O	Then he remembered where he was , in life more than that morning , and his heart sank .
tr	O	My heart was pounding and I was pretty sure I was going to pass out .
tr	O	A muscle began to tick in Roth 's jaw , and I looked away , focusing on my untouched cookie .
tr	O	He only had to finish this last delivery and his shift was over .
tr	O	Her head started to turn toward me , and just before I could see her face , I woke up .
tr	O	The next day , the old man found out it was a drug bust but they didn 't find any drugs .
tr	O	She so badly needed a mantra , but she couldn 't think of any at the moment .
tr	I	I promised to meet him in the parking lot after work and Devin called .
tr	I	I can 't meet his gaze , but I do my best to treat Edward like a person .
tr	I	Her head knew she couldn 't allow that , but her body ached to be close to him , to be wrapped in his arms .
tr	I	Haven tensed as he approached her , and he gave a slight nod before turning .
tr	O	My ability may be rare , but it can only help me .
tr	O	He was my Zane and this was how it was meant to be .
tr	O	He held on a little longer , but it was another quickie .
tr	I	Lee caught the movement of his Adam 's apple and Cloud swallowed nervously .
tr	O	I assumed it was the same Cole , but it was the normal question to ask .
tr	I	They provided this report and we recruited a well-respected , reliable contractor to excavate the original location .
tr	O	Her feet hit solid ground and she rolled at the impact .
tr	O	Our parish hospital is a little one , of course , and it doesn 't have the facilities that a city hospital can boast .
tr	O	It hadn 't been around when she lived here , but the businesses on this street frequently changed hands .
tr	I	It was true and it was out .
tr	O	For the next fifteen years Palermo was Ivo 's school , and his uncle Nunzio was his teacher .
tr	I	He couldn 't find the words , but he figured he was expected to add some praise at this point .
tr	I	She knew whatever thought had crossed his mind had stirred his anger and when he pulled back , his eyes held touches of amber color .
tr	I	I step up to one of those , and there 's a row of ticketing machines off to one side of the actual service counters .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure how to dress , but sure , it was a bit fancy .
tr	I	Now she needed something as normal as possible and he was the only normal person she knew .
tr	I	He had this sparkle in his eyes that showed too much hope for being together , but he was a cute , friendly boy .
tr	O	His fingertips brushed her shoulder and she trembled .
tr	I	Immortality wasn 't going to stop it , and my body was doing this to itself .
tr	I	She forced herself to take a calming breath and they were only seconds away from optimal positioning .
tr	O	' Sí , I will not , and sí , I will be there .
tr	O	When I first emailed him for economics help , he must have known , too , but he gave me no hint .
tr	I	Most of it is muffled but I try to hear what he 's saying .
tr	I	She wanted to learn about every part of Cameron 's life , but Ainsley had no idea when she 'd ever have the chance .
tr	O	Wrinkles smoothed away and age spots faded .
tr	O	Mom drove past Bartley 's dilapidated motel , and I glanced into its U of rooms .
tr	O	We can see how high the thing goes before the string snaps and it flies away .
tr	O	Jake was attractive , and he smelled good .
tr	O	Sunny swiped her wrist under her eyes , and he followed her train of thought in a flash .
tr	I	Nerissa had bled to death with their babe still inside her , and the child had failed .
tr	I	It was time to change it and Mark decided this was a bad plan .
tr	I	She sits back down , and his steady eyes meet hers .
tr	I	They both squinted to see past it and suddenly their faces were awash with light .
tr	O	I didn 't know what he showed them this time , but it had to be good .
tr	O	The wall stood firm but he would not be denied his resurrection from the tomb he was sealed in .
tr	I	The grass was thick but Dave could see the top of the ball .
tr	O	I saw who I was going to become and it made me feel ashamed .
tr	O	They 'd done something to her , and now they 'd realized they 'd messed up .
tr	O	I don 't trust you , Jake , and I don 't know if I 'll ever trust you again .
tr	I	He was immediately more recognizable as himself , but Tiny flakes of glue still clung to his skin .
tr	O	The ties around his wrists had loosened and he slowly freed his hands as he still struggled to breathe .
tr	I	They stop , and he raises his fist again .
tr	O	Music suddenly blasted the air , drowning out whatever the two girls were saying , but it looked heated .
tr	O	Realm stiffens next to me , and his hands fall away .
tr	I	Surely that couldn 't hurt , and she said firmly , expecting it to only be a little peck on the lips .
tr	I	He had to press a kiss to them and a soft whimper left her pretty lips .
tr	O	Her muscles burned with in her , and she felt her body vibrating .
tr	I	He walked and Cricket took the old axe handle .
tr	O	My hat had fallen off somewhere in the hall and I wasn 't about to go back for it .
tr	I	They cast their dark glow across his face , and the moons had inched slightly higher in the sky .
tr	O	Bianca Thompson had indeed gone to school with Phoebe , and Bianca had given birth to a daughter named Nina .
tr	O	She wanted answers about the night before , but her body needed him more .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I wanted to scream it at him .
tr	I	I was ready to go home and the clothes weren 't that interesting .
tr	O	Her eyes were brighter as well as her cheeks and her throat looked flush with life .
tr	I	You have a right to be , and you 're mad at him .
tr	I	I was showing off , and Aric kept the speed high .
tr	I	The wind tugged at it playfully but she brushed back her cascading hair .
tr	O	She shouldn 't have been hurt as she knew it was coming , but she was .
tr	I	Just ahead , at the foot of its steps , loomed the front door , and a staircase ascended to my immediate right .
tr	I	She returned to her room , and I nodded .
tr	O	I like having people nearby , and frankly , I 'm happy that Mr. Stuart has hired you .
tr	O	Ren sat next to Ashe , just as he had before , and the two were carrying on a private conversation of their own .
tr	I	He knows it and he 's gorgeous .
tr	O	Asher 's risk was all for nothing and now he 's being punished for it .
tr	O	Her words puzzled Leo , but they weren 't important .
tr	O	I try to pluck it off me , and my finger slips through something sharp .
tr	O	There 's a time when you turn vampire that you lose it completely , and I lost it .
tr	I	I kept trying to fix my appearance in the mirror , but this was good reason to get out while we could .
tr	O	They hadn 't solved anything out here by the ocean , but at least she wasn 't crying anymore .
tr	O	This was the price that he had to pay -- and the price was not having to pay the price .
tr	O	The top of the frame snapped , and the reception window cracked .
tr	I	She wasn 't there , but he looked in her room .
tr	I	I snag the food nonetheless , but I hope we won 't be here long enough to need them .
tr	I	I give him a little wave and Cole passes by us .
tr	I	That was reason for real celebration , and a royal wedding was in order .
tr	O	She tried to blink it away , but it remained ; solid , unmoving .
tr	I	Love could appreciate that , but she adored Julie .
tr	O	She laughed and I was jealous .
tr	I	She had no idea how much longer she would have to pay for that son-of-a-bitch 's twisted act of deception , and she still was his .
tr	O	It was Trip 's idea to go back , and even though I knew he was right , I wasn 't willing to be the guinea pig .
tr	I	We 're going to leave , and I 'm going to graduate .
tr	I	I am stronger for it , and I know that you are with me in spirit .
tr	O	I tried to smile at them but I felt my lip tremble a little .
tr	O	You 're a turned out slut , and you 're gon na need the pain to get wet .
tr	I	He wrapped them around his hands as makeshift gloves before prying open the lid , and she handed him the dish towels .
tr	I	I 'm not having anyone spoil the party this time , and ' Greensleeves Was My Delight ' is a wonderful theme .
tr	O	My stomach knotted , and I faced her .
tr	I	She coughed and a tickle formed in her throat .
tr	O	I know she likes to argue , but she wasn 't winning this one .
tr	O	His limbs weakened and he fell to the floor in agony .
tr	I	The cold of nightfall descends and the sun goes down unnoticed .
tr	O	Hamilton 's little sister looks bored , and Hamilton 's little brother looks eager .
tr	O	Cal 's voice shook with bitterness , and his eyes dropped to the floor .
tr	I	I 'll need you to read it to me before you go , but I know you want to move immediately , Tavi .
tr	O	She had to be alive , and he needed to save her .
tr	O	Ellie didn 't want to admit it , but she was a bit spooked .
tr	O	Calder is staring straight at the door , and his hands have curled into fists .
tr	O	Marcus 's stomach howled more than growled , and he fell to with a will .
tr	I	Adam wouldn 't let him touch them , but he was excited about the Master Tools .
tr	I	It startled her , but Josh 's voice was barely a whisper .
tr	O	The creatures had non-human qualities , but they also had human ones .
tr	I	I sobbed loudly and my body shook .
tr	O	There was blood everywhere and mom rushed him to the emergency room again .
tr	I	The windows were curtained in every room , and the walls were painted dark , earthy shades .
tr	I	Everything broke in time , but bones were powerfully strong .
tr	O	My mother was shouting behind me , but I couldn 't care at this point .
tr	O	I looked out to the dance floor but the only thing I saw were two sets of women 's garments laying on the ground .
tr	O	She was dressed for cool weather but it was hot .
tr	O	They called themselves the Blue Falcons , and they regularly experimented with magical candy .
tr	I	She didn 't know what to do and it was a feeling foreign to her .
tr	I	An edge of wistfulness seeped from it and his voice had dropped .
tr	O	The plasma ball only needed to feel the slightest touch of an object and it blasted into fire .
tr	I	You 've already claimed her and you had her four days .
tr	O	Someone was coming in and I needed to hide .
tr	I	The pair were walking off together , discussing the game and he 'd swapped his jersey with his opposite number .
tr	I	My audience wasn 't really ready for it , but singing in two voices at the same time is rather pleasant .
tr	I	Their footsteps left tracks , and dust coated the shelves .
tr	I	She responded with a triple jump , clearing the board of red checkers , and Trip took Sarah 's piece .
tr	I	My stomach bunched and Dom stepped closer .
tr	O	I don 't have feelings for you the way I know you would like me to , and I 'm sorry about that .
tr	O	My throat was dry and my breathing was raspy .
tr	O	We took our seats as the engines revved to life and I searched in vain for the seat belts .
tr	O	He sat up and a large rock rolled off his chest onto his lap .
tr	I	He had never put his hands on them , but Lew shouted at them a lot .
tr	I	I 'm mesmerized by the fluid way he walks : a sleek predator on the move , and Isaiah hops off the counter .
tr	O	You might not see me on the back nine , but there will be another agent taking care of you .
tr	I	I usually didn 't complain and it was convenient .
tr	O	The creature was hurt and it was obvious .
tr	O	He stood when he saw her , and she went straight into his arms .
tr	I	The dream of empire was born , and my protege immediately realized what he 'd created .
tr	I	It kept her grounded , and he held her tightly .
tr	O	We swerved again , this time to the left , and I heard the wheels skidding on the ground .
tr	O	I 've been a widow for ten years and your mother is gone .
tr	O	I can hear the odd clunk and each one makes my heart flutter .
tr	O	I didn 't know a lot of specifics , but if Joseph was the mold for those that followed , it was clear they learned by example .
tr	O	Before Carmine could shift the car into reverse , his door opened and someone grabbed him .
tr	O	No , I haven 't proposed yet , but I intend to .
tr	O	She was always running off on dangerous adventures , and there were never any real repercussions .
tr	I	Daniel carefully rolled the scroll before climbing up out of the storeroom , and the torch was burning low .
tr	I	We 're not going to start it just yet , but yes it runs , actually it runs really great .
tr	I	His image twitched again , instinctively I lifted my pistol and I asked him .
tr	O	The chastising didn 't work and Liza expelled a long breath of air .
tr	O	Promising he 'd stop and then nearly killing me .
tr	I	She shoved them away and they were unwelcome memories .
tr	I	I had no clue which day she 'd gone where , but the beer garden was just ahead in the German Village .
tr	I	Scott knew it , and I knew it .
tr	I	As far as I knew , no one had seen her since that night and the police labeled her a runaway .
tr	O	Ethan nodded , and Damien acknowledged us with a small dip of his chin , his face devoid of expression .
tr	O	Her head whips around and the wolf emerges again .
tr	O	I nodded wordlessly and he gave me a final tender kiss before walking out the door .
tr	O	Joy didn 't know who got up first , but soon they were in each other 's arms .
tr	O	I take a step back and he glances at me again .
tr	O	The moonlight was reflecting through a nearby window , and the gun seemed to be staring back at him .
tr	I	It was probably more him than me that helped Doyle stand upright , and Frost grabbed one of his arms .
tr	O	I knew right that second that I wanted to spend the rest of my life with Daemon , but it wasn 't that simple .
tr	I	There was death or there was it .
tr	I	Yet , it did not stop him from pleading , and he certainly saw the hypocrisy in his own prayers .
tr	O	I tried to move off of him , but keeping his eyes closed , he pulled me tighter to him .
tr	I	He 'd gotten much better at hiding it , but he was still uncomfortable dealing with people one-on-one .
tr	O	Ne 'd oe 's legs felt strangely weak , and her throat closed on a gasp .
tr	I	My eyes wouldn 't cooperate , but I was tempted to explore .
tr	O	I thought I was willing to stay with him , even through all of his despair , but this was proving to be too much for me .
tr	I	They were too far underground to hear , but he tried to listen for the spatter of gunfire .
tr	I	As he does , I notice that he stinks of fish , and I step back so that he can walk into the house .
tr	I	She moved again and he placed a hand next to hers .
tr	O	At least her hotel was only down the road and I didn 't have to stumble that far .
tr	O	No , she did not heal at his rate , but it was at a rate that far exceeded anything she should be capable of .
tr	I	Her body was constantly buzzing out of control around him , too , but she enjoyed his company .
tr	I	I sure don 't want to jeopardize my campaign by being complicit in a cover-up , and she didn 't mention my involvement , thankfully .
tr	O	We sit silently and finally he continues .
tr	I	They were engaged in self-congratulation when Black walked in wearing a mischievous grin , and Moss showed her his discovery .
tr	I	He was too sick to his stomach to care , but he knew he should be thankful that Bill hadn 't told Jesus to kill him too .
tr	O	She tried the door and it was open .
tr	O	Yes , she 's just the kind of girl Cam would go for , and he 's probably just the kind of guy she would be into .
tr	I	Their dry , rocky faces were uninviting , but the mountains around her weren 't high .
tr	I	You had to assume there were plenty of cameras around , and the hard hat could not hide the ear piece he was wearing .
tr	I	It doesn 't come , but I 'm waiting for that feeling of disappointment .
tr	I	I couldn 't concentrate on it but I turned toward the center of the crater to watch .
tr	O	Surrendering his guns bothered Clint something fierce , but that wasn 't the worst of it .
tr	O	She blinked and her eyes immediately darted from my face .
tr	I	No sound came out , but as I watched her lean into him again , my throat constricted from the urge to scream .
tr	I	Her skin is creamy white in the dark and she turns her face .
tr	I	He 'd dropped his bomb and it 'd been two weeks since they 'd bumped into each other at Starbucks .
tr	I	The disgust I felt rolled deeply in my most inward parts and the thought unnerved me .
tr	O	He placed a hand on my arm and I shrugged it off .
tr	I	She saw my internal debate , and I hesitated , starting to buckle under the strain of hiding this .
tr	I	I smile and he raises a golden eyebrow .
tr	O	My tweets are not always the most profound , but they will occasionally contain information about the series .
tr	O	Jimmy had managed to destroy the creatures eating her , but by then it was too late .
tr	O	Savannah was speaking and Brady was laughing at whatever she said .
tr	I	Alex always steered it firmly back to business , but Cale had tried to steer it into more personal conversation several times .
tr	O	I stiffen , willing the pain to dull , but I 'm glad for the change of subject .
tr	I	Then Ezra stepped away from the couch , and a few more moments of thought passed .
tr	O	He leaned over her , and she heard the paper rustling .
tr	O	It was obvious these men had set the trap , and it also looked like I had found the reason .
tr	I	That was it and he was here to get her to the alter .
tr	I	We finally reached a stopping point , but it took a lot of walking .
tr	O	It sounded like a fine idea to him , but he didn 't relish the thought of leaving her very delectable body to venture downstairs .
tr	O	He reached for the dress but Lorelei wouldn 't release it .
tr	I	I had no idea who I was looking for , but I went to Peaks Island to look for him .
tr	I	She 'd lose herself in his gaze or she had to get out of here .
tr	I	She scrambled back to her seat and he released his hold on Lilith .
tr	I	The day of his father 's deadline had arrived , and a week was soon up .
tr	I	Nothing in the world could make me happier , and she 's relaxing , letting down her guard .
tr	O	Two of the batting cages were in use , and several groups roamed the miniature golf courses , putting on artificial turf surrounded by miniature monuments .
tr	I	She felt like she was going to be sick and her stomach tightened .
tr	I	I began to take notice of the interior decoration and we were making our way toward the east bar .
tr	O	Sara scooted closer to me , and I leaned against her .
tr	O	I know that you will lose everything , but it doesn 't have to be that way .
tr	I	I knew she wasn 't really herself , and I could feel Tim 's presence all around me .
tr	O	I think he and my sister might be , um , more than that .
tr	I	They all knew it and the man was dying .
tr	I	Cruz stopped me but I started to back away .
tr	O	It was the curse of his breed , and it was one he 'd resigned himself to a long time ago .
tr	I	I don 't know where , but he 's inside the complex .
tr	I	That will get rid of the bullet in the chamber , and then pull the slide back .
tr	O	Before all this started he would never have believed anything like that to be possible but he had learned so much since then .
tr	I	For the most part , the knowledge hadn 't changed us any , and we had an unspoken contract not to discuss our relationship publicly .
tr	I	Tapped on his workstation and nodding the goblin bent over .
tr	I	Stone crumbled to the ground and he punched the wall again .
tr	O	Franz said it would be okay because it was just around the outer road and no one was around .
tr	I	Jean scowled at her little brother , and said Ron angrily from the landing .
tr	O	She continued to tremble , but she wasn 't completely convinced fear was the reason .
tr	O	The dreamlike quality of it all made him wonder if this could be really happening , but he found he didn 't care .
tr	I	It felt so real and Sara worked with them .
tr	O	I know what I promised Chris , but Chris doesn 't know what the last year has been like for me .
tr	I	Now I 'm not so sure , but I thought she liked me once .
tr	I	I would never hurt either of them and Izzy is my daughter in every way .
tr	I	Her safety was more important to me than anything else , but it made me feel like an asshole .
tr	O	I took him to his room and he composed himself in a while .
tr	I	His grin widened and as he looked up , he saw a tall figure glaring down at him .
tr	I	It wouldn 't fit through the airlock anyway , and there 's no room inside the cabin .
tr	I	He didn 't fall to the ground , but the blow to the head sent Rodney staggering sideways .
tr	O	Moving closer , his voice sounds so tortured and I see the pain in his profile .
tr	I	His collar was out and he had a tie hanging over his shoulders undone .
tr	I	She also couldn 't deny that she was bone tired , but she didn 't want to admit any weakness around this man .
tr	I	The sensation lingered after she pulled away and her lips were so soft on my skin .
tr	O	He told her he had a merger meeting to go to , and she knew he lied to her .
tr	O	He dropped the pole to the floor and it clattered away .
tr	I	Everything else seems to fit , and we were told to be to on the watch for strange activity associated with your joining ceremony .
tr	I	No delay is acceptable and President Shepherd has said the meeting should take place immediately .
tr	O	He looked over at the other yacht to see if there was any movement , but all looked silent .
tr	O	She out thought him , and he liked that for a change .
tr	O	He 'd met his own mortality and he begged your mother to forgive him .
tr	I	It was for the best , but for a second , I missed that I couldn 't hold her hand .
tr	O	I turned toward Ian and his face was devoid of color .
tr	I	I feel alone , like no one understands but everywhere I look there 's people surrounding us .
tr	I	Graham understood them , but the words were in Fae .
tr	I	I always believed in vampires , but I never believed in magic .
tr	O	I braced myself , and then I hit the ground hard .
tr	I	There is a devil and there are angels .
tr	O	Tess , as usual , did not feel comfortable in either camp , and besides , her ankle , though better , was still painful .
tr	I	Roberto decided to do it early in the morning , when most of those men would still be asleep and it was already late .
tr	I	No one did , but Dan hoped someone would offer her a ride home .
tr	I	She wasn 't there , either , but I scanned the hangar as I walked inside .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure what , and it reminded her of something .
tr	O	I was at the Beacon and my name was Cleo .
tr	I	It rang immediately and I laid down the phone .
tr	I	Her face remained a frozen mask and Monique didn 't bother to turn .
tr	O	She waited patiently until she heard his footsteps fully recede and his bedroom door click shut again .
tr	I	I 've told you , but you keep saying that .
tr	I	Somehow the action was cathartic , but he usually hated doing it .
tr	O	The men would worry about her safety - and that could easily lead to their deaths .
tr	O	Third hour with Ryder was awkward and he was my new science partner .
tr	I	I stayed in to watch a movie with Monty , and Kevin went out on a date later that night .
tr	I	They were different from the ones they 'd bought for Patrick , and she noticed all the new stuffed animals still had tags on them .
tr	O	He asks a simple question and yet I can 't answer .
tr	O	Pam moved her lips but no sound came out .
tr	I	Being hunted made him go cold all over , but he 'd spent much of his life hunting .
tr	I	Before he could move , Sam had positioned herself for the shot and Hunter paused .
tr	I	His voice was a low growl in my ear , and I gasped his name into his mouth , my fingers digging into his bicep .
tr	I	She didn 't push , yet she understood that he had struck his brother completely from the conversation .
tr	O	All things were part of the Goddess , and the Goddess was part of all things .
tr	I	She doesn 't pry , but she 's clearly puzzled .
tr	O	The cuffs could restrain his hands , but they could never stop his music .
tr	O	She wouldn 't meet his eyes , and he patted the seat beside him .
tr	O	She 's sassy , and I 'm timid .
tr	O	She 's parked and I 'm parking .
tr	O	I throw my arms out in a mock parody of not caring , but the truth is I do .
tr	I	Ty stopped him with a hand on his chest , but he moved to pass Ty .
tr	O	Of course from here she could still hear everything that was said , but at least she wouldn 't be the one to translate it .
tr	I	It 's wholly unsuccessful , but I try to smile .
tr	O	Castle uses his energy to toss the objects into the air and it 's my job to destroy them from across the room .
tr	I	I got one , but I didn 't expect an answer .
tr	I	I say it aloud , quietly in the darkness of my suite and her name is soft on my tongue .
tr	O	Containing their hidden meanings and questionable lies .
tr	O	He racked his brain and suddenly Billy 's face appeared , wearing the same strange expression of approval that Ryan had seen earlier .
tr	O	Della 's eyes brightened and her canines came out to play .
tr	I	I was savoring every moment of it , and I had never seen anything like this .
tr	O	The silver service was set up on the coffee table and two delicate china cups were neatly positioned , steam rising from the recently poured tea .
tr	I	He bent his shrewd stare on his uncle , and Daniel 's attention came back from his future .
tr	I	For the long-term , he wanted a gem , but he was like me , in that any girl was okay for a night in the sack .
tr	O	Obviously God had a plan in all this , and Jason found himself deeply rooted in that plan .
tr	I	I needed to find out what it was and as far as I was concerned , he had a motive .
tr	I	I was happy to let them do it , and I respected what they did .
tr	I	I pressed my face against his hand , and Doyle laid his hand against my cheek .
tr	I	Instead of snarling , she ran her typical circles , but my wolf jumped to attention immediately .
tr	O	She ran out the door and he paced the room , his boots thudding against the Formica floor .
tr	I	The weight on top of me was eased off , and Martin said .
tr	O	Those women were in a safe house , or at least they thought it was safe .
tr	I	She 's better for it and it 's made her stronger .
tr	O	Noah always got off the bus at exactly a quarter past three every day , and he was expected to call me within five minutes without fail .
tr	O	She looked up at him and he motioned for her to open it .
tr	I	One of us is actually a mortal and we are a club of immortals !
tr	I	We picked Doyle up , but it took some maneuvering , like an arm version of a three-legged race .
tr	I	Maybe she was just one of those females who hated other women , but I thought that was why she didn 't like Lei , either .
tr	O	He says again and he kisses me .
tr	O	No one is talking and we don 't have enough to force them to talk .
tr	O	I thought about doing it , eatin ' the dead ... but I didn 't .
tr	I	Unlikely to release them to foreigners , and Wil didn 't think so , for they held the keys to the countries future .
tr	O	He breathed over the two areas and the pain swept through once again .
tr	O	If Cassie was such a great swimmer , she wouldn 't have drowned , and then there was me .
tr	O	I just had better things to do , and they were your friends , not mine .
tr	I	She couldn 't help getting sucked into trouble from time to time , but she knew to leave business of the estate alone .
tr	I	I flopped to the ground like a fish out of water and my left foot barely hit the back of my right .
tr	I	I didn 't look at her , but I could feel Julie 's terror .
tr	O	The sun was shining in her eyes and sand was pressing uncomfortably on her neck .
tr	I	Her shield must still be working , and Jane brought us here , remember .
tr	O	Its so weird that I 've only been with Blake for a few months and I feel like we 've been together for a long time .
tr	O	I have a handful of my men at the space station , but we don 't have all the names involved in this yet .
tr	I	It wasn 't to discuss that , and she knew what she wanted .
tr	O	Kyle lunged at her , but she spun nimbly away from his grasp .
tr	I	He didn 't really belong , but he looked human .
tr	O	A nuclear bomb could have gone off in the rest of the hospital and she would be totally oblivious .
tr	O	They walked into the hall and Owen grabbed Jill 's collar .
tr	O	Chapter Six The Green Leaf Bookstore wasn 't far from the diner and I stopped in front of it , looking at the window display .
tr	I	I wish she would relax and although I 'll still go no matter what she says , I want her to support me .
tr	O	I saw the image in my mind and I felt scared to even describe it .
tr	I	George let her get away with the lie , but she was bright red as she said the words .
tr	O	I laughed , but no smile crossed my face .
tr	I	The crowd is small , and it 's still early .
tr	I	I didn 't really know what I was looking for , but I moved to the front of the ship where Sean had motioned .
tr	I	He isn 't rebellious , but Thomas is many things .
tr	O	No two castles were the same , and in that way no two days were ever the same .
tr	O	Her parents didn 't answer , but her father took her hand .
tr	I	Julia 's cheeks , already pink with emotion , flamed and he turned to give her a sexy smile .
tr	O	Rachel enthusiastically pulled him inside , and he allowed himself to be led , although at a slow pace which Sarah found easy to keep up with .
tr	I	I 'm terrified to wake up from it , and this really is all a dream .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to invite her , but she could come in .
tr	I	His knees folded like the flimsy legs on Esme 's ironing board and he barely deflected the blow as the lamp connected with his skull .
tr	O	She 's not going to take it lightly , and I bet her father won 't either .
tr	I	He stepped back and the elevator binged .
tr	I	I throw him a bone , and West slumps against the wall .
tr	O	There 's a reflection of pain in his eyes , and I glance away pretending not to have seen it .
tr	I	You were gone , but the magic was up , so I ran over here , got inside with my key .
tr	O	For a blissful moment I 'm ten years old again , and we 're at a KOA campground in Needles , California .
tr	I	Considering the density of the brain it was grossly inadequate , but that was good surgical placement .
tr	I	We made our way back to our picnic spot , and he took me by the hand again .
tr	O	Breaking contact wasn 't easy but he managed .
tr	I	They were on their way , but they weren 't soaking wet .
tr	I	She seemed close to tears and Amira 's face was red .
tr	I	We can use the raid to our advantage and I think we shall find what we want .
tr	I	A man plummeted from above to land on the deck ten feet away , and there was another scream , this time up in the rigging .
tr	I	I almost fell inside and as I raised my hand to ring the bell , the door opened .
tr	O	Winston thrust with his spear , but the wolf batted it aside .
tr	O	It wasn 't what she had dreamed about , but it was a start .
tr	I	I think Rosetta did not preserve the document very well , and I believe that part of the Story is common to all the Kingdoms .
tr	I	I kept my concentration glued on careful foot placement rather than my latest fight with my mom , and the terrain grew increasingly difficult to navigate .
tr	I	She was in trouble , and now she was here .
tr	O	It was Mrs. Poole 's day off , and Aunt Mabry was still in bed .
tr	I	It never occurred to either one of us to tell him , and Peter knew nothing of it , of course .
tr	O	the old woman snapped , and with that , Julia 's fears subsided .
tr	I	Her hands were like ice , but her stomach was burning up .
tr	O	Gee watched me as I got closer to her and I noticed the hope flicker in her eyes .
tr	O	With the journalism course her days would be even busier than usual , but the summers were a time for relaxing .
tr	O	She had known about Al Forte for years , but their relationship had been cemented through their spouses .
tr	I	I moved away from him and he held out the gown .
tr	O	It was too impossible , and he grew suspicious .
tr	I	Her mouth watered , and Eric leaned to her again .
tr	I	She wished she could take the words back , and he sighed at the mention of their loss .
tr	I	She gave , submitting herself to his possessive embrace , making him completely lose it , and he demanded .
tr	O	It was too gloomy to make much out of the lock and it was sure to be trapped .
tr	O	I will write as often as time allows , but things might get a bit hectic , soon .
tr	I	He was grinning , but she looked for an angry reaction .
tr	I	I relish the sound despite my confusion , and Ivy laughs .
tr	O	They have long memories but he seems to have none .
tr	O	I had a maternal vampire and I had never known .
tr	O	We 're constantly fighting with Congress and we 're fighting with the President .
tr	O	She laughed , and Lance thought he 'd never seen a face so pure .
tr	O	She 'd lied , and he hated liars .
tr	I	It could only be a matter of time , but so far , Peter had not seen any of his companions amongst them .
tr	O	His eyes catch mine , and I am held still .
tr	I	Five seconds later , the lock clicked open , but I listened for any sign someone was coming .
tr	O	Twilight was ending , and the stars were beginning to come out .
tr	I	They didn 't attack her , but the wolves didn 't stop growling .
tr	I	Josh grimaced and Printer nodded .
tr	O	First they went to pick up Travis 's coffee , and then they drove to the jail .
tr	O	He did owe Cale , and even though he was going to bring the other man in , he couldn 't betray him this way , too .
tr	I	She could hear him shift in his seat , but the priest didn 't speak .
tr	O	He didn 't have to muster the energy to fight if the threat wasn 't real - But those damn teeth .
tr	I	No one was speaking , but the passageway was more crowded than he 'd ever seen it .
tr	I	Eastward they saw the windy uplands of the Wold of Rohan that they had already glimpsed many days ago from the Great River and ahead .
tr	O	Tears brighten Nicole 's eyes and she pulls her lips in tight , as though sucking in all the words she really wants to say .
tr	I	It wasn 't his problem , and Kyle was being so helpful .
tr	I	Of course , Romulus wasn 't there , but his eyes searched the room frantically .
tr	O	You can count backwards from ten , or I 'll do it for you .
tr	I	I didn 't know how to harness enough magic to keep fighting them now , but they won 't stop .
tr	O	I bent down to pick it up but there was yelling coming from the room .
tr	I	The front door slammed , and I heard a creak .
tr	I	It would be suspicious enough that I haven 't drawn blood , and he has no reason not to rip this information from you .
tr	I	She didn 't lose the defiant edge to her gaze , but her expression paled somewhat .
tr	O	Miles was beginning to see red and his pulse raged out of control .
tr	O	He winked at me and I giggled .
tr	O	Every man in the room turned to look at Halston Man , but he seemed not to understand why .
tr	I	One of my best friends became my worst enemy and my worst enemy became my sister 's best friend .
tr	I	Personal communication was password protected , but so far , I hadn 't found anything .
tr	I	I can forget about Grant , the farm , everything and it 's like our own little world .
tr	I	Now there were none , but just an hour earlier she 'd had several bars .
tr	O	Their yard wasn 't large , but her father 's landscaping was meticulous .
tr	O	Baal hissed something , and Alyosha 's real body suddenly materialized .
tr	O	The recording said her call was important to them , yet it took almost ten minutes to get through to a live ticket agent .
tr	I	He didn 't want to know , and he didn 't know what they did with someone if they needed a tomb before that time elapsed .
tr	I	She laughed out loud as the wind rushed through her hair , and another driver gave her a thumbs-up .
tr	I	Here I was being a follower and Khan had just finished explaining to me that we were meant to hunt alone .
tr	O	For a moment , I freak-out thinking that Sean left me tied to the bed alone , but then I feel his hand on my hip .
tr	I	I missed her , and it felt like I had my best friend back .
tr	O	They didn 't want me to know , but I found out .
tr	O	Cole had his eyes shut tight and little choking sounds came from him .
tr	I	She reached for the necklace to reassure herself it was still there , while simultaneously reaching out with her mind , and Jackie 's stomach sank .
tr	I	It seemed to zip straight through her system and she 'd never tasted anything like that before .
tr	I	Turned as he slept and * * * * * Adam tossed .
tr	O	He takes my hand , and we walk inside the house hand in hand .
tr	O	It 's only a matter of time before they root us out -- and they 're doing it in every city we have a cell .
tr	I	It was not , but something about him was off .
tr	O	I want to be on the right one , but I just don 't know anymore .
tr	I	So far as anyone knew , no vampires had access to cannons , and a cannonball would have to be used to knock through the exterior .
tr	O	We may punish if necessary , but we must not enjoy it .
tr	I	There is no possible way to avoid him but I don 't want to talk to him .
tr	O	He wanted to look away from Roger but he couldn 't remove his eyes .
tr	O	McKie 's mouth moved , but no words came out .
tr	O	He regretted having to shove Garen to the ground , but he needed him clear of the Warden 's grip .
tr	O	This had been quite a hard one to translate , but she had made an effort .
tr	I	Any impression of invincibility was betrayed by the rubble , but the setting sun cast the gray stone in a rose-colored hue .
tr	I	The air is exceptionally smoky , but the land is a light grey .
tr	I	She couldn 't inhale , but she tried to breathe in again .
tr	O	I look like a prostitute but that 's kind of the point .
tr	I	The stunning grayness seemed to pop out at me , and she 'd applied a dark , smoky eye shadow with long , thick , black mascara .
tr	O	It will be fine , but you need to calm down .
tr	I	It could have been avoided had none of the other things happened , and the accident was next .
tr	O	After all I love my home , but I cannot just dissipate there without something to help me do it .
tr	I	She almost felt sorry for him , and he looked away .
tr	O	He gazed back at her , and all hints of evil were gone from his eyes .
tr	O	Everyone who came in here wanted the same thing , but they all wanted it for a different reason .
tr	O	I told Atticus as Alita and I made stepping noises as if we 'd walked away .
tr	I	It wasn 't that secret , vulnerable glimpse into her heart that it usually was , but there was still something there .
tr	I	There 's no guarantee it will work , but I might be able to lead us away from them .
tr	O	I felt like an idiot for lying to him and I knew that I was messing up any chance I had with him by lying to him .
tr	O	There was another 20 miles of river to run tomorrow , and everyone needed to be rested .
tr	O	He points the camera again and everyone freezes their poses for another shot .
tr	O	The door slid open and two of Cronus ' super Cylons walked in .
tr	I	I knew Lawrence was again moving through the house , and the hardwood floors vibrated .
tr	I	They both came striding over , and Silvio had been standing next to Sophia .
tr	O	I was reluctant to take off his shirt , but I knew I couldn 't leave it on .
tr	I	She didn 't only have herself to think about but she would 've walked out the doors when the take-over had occurred .
tr	O	It already exploded once , and they just rebuilt it .
tr	O	I heard the sirens before I saw the lights and I cursed as I saw the cop cars speeding down the street .
tr	I	He was already pushing her toward the door of another room , but she was shaking her head , trying to get the words out .
tr	I	That didn 't diminish the strength of her indignation , but her voice wobbled just a little .
tr	O	I ask and he nods .
tr	I	Bodies constantly bumping yours , and it takes time to get used to the feeling of closeness .
tr	O	Walter 's voice rumbled behind Henry , but he didn 't turn toward him .
tr	O	We were too far above the planet to see the beetles , but I imagined that there was chaos in their ranks .
tr	I	There was still emotion behind her eyes , but her face didn 't show any sign of tears .
tr	I	I didn 't feel any pain , but her fingernails dug into my skin .
tr	O	Maybe she should see someone about schizophrenia ... But she knew better than that .
tr	O	Progress was agonizingly slow , but his patience was eternal .
tr	O	The soul lived forever but the body must die .
tr	O	James didn 't want his wife waiting on him , but something about the way she spoke told him this wasn 't the time to argue .
tr	O	The voice is like a punch to my gut and I 'm instantly still , every nerve ending frozen .
tr	O	There are no marks , and the swelling is gone .
tr	I	She hadn 't stopped to consider what that meant , but she was dimly aware that Paul 's yells had stopped some time ago .
tr	I	Celaena 's swords remained at the ready , but the guard faltered .
tr	I	She couldn 't find the space to care , but the force of her orgasm left her blind .
tr	O	Her arms were lifted and her hands were stilled in the process of taking the hairpins out of her the hair at the back of her head .
tr	O	I hated looking away from Dank 's gaze but I did in order to tell Gee bye .
tr	O	The picture was taken in another of their bases , and the man had been captured in a speedy sprint .
tr	O	I knew they both woke up when I got off the bed , but neither of them said anything to me .
tr	I	Nicolas readily forgave himself for this , but he might have had harsh feelings for the one holding up his play to now .
tr	O	He went to the fridge and she watched his shoulders moving .
tr	I	Her housekeeper told him the news , but Helena was in Edinburgh visiting relatives .
tr	I	Your house is strange , and I cannot , indeed , understand the way you live .
tr	I	I have seen Tripoli and I have seen Morocco .
tr	I	I needed to hold her for awhile but I wouldn 't make love to her right now .
tr	O	Now I was not only seeing her , but I also felt as if I actually was her !
tr	O	Rick gave Colin a long-suffering look and Colin wondered how Rick would look on his third day with Sibyl .
tr	O	I desperately want to confide in her , but I know she won 't believe me .
tr	I	She wouldn 't survive this emotionally , even if she survived it physically , or she had to quell the fear charging through her .
tr	I	I 'm too tired to go get her , but I told her not to go down there alone .
tr	I	I 've got my friends , and I 've got Singer here .
tr	I	He can see the tension on my face , but he can 't hear the conversation .
tr	O	His partying ways made Edwin feel young again , and he always invited Edwin on nights out .
tr	O	Mason started checking the pallets over , in each crevice , under tarps , but the sheer amounts made the task beyond any minute-long scan .
tr	I	It constantly plagued his thin skin , and he hated the cold .
tr	O	It 's been a long time since I 've had the fancy Starbucks kind and it tastes better than I remember .
tr	I	She began , and fearing I wouldn 't make it through reading the letter myself , I gave her the go ahead .
tr	O	Her disappointment was hers to deal with later , but she wasn 't ready to give up now .
tr	O	It would be destroyed already and everything would be business as usual for all of us .
tr	I	Shoving it into his backpack and grabbing anything of value .
tr	O	In fact , he looks mildly annoyed , but that might be projection more than accurate interpretation on my part .
tr	I	It had been all my fault , and my son had been reduced to a frightened , shivering newborn kitten .
tr	O	Colton didn 't understand the process , but he was getting used to it .
tr	I	She suddenly looked tense , but Mum shrugged her shoulders .
tr	O	It 's not such an unusual story , perhaps , but it 's the way you put everything in words .
tr	I	A year later you were born and we were married within a year .
tr	O	She stepped onto the porch , and the heat of the day met her with a slap .
tr	O	The whine stopped , and I hopped in .
tr	O	Knox 's mouth formed a thin line , and he wrapped his arm around my shoulders .
tr	I	It would have been possible in many directions to have reached neighbouring islands by a mere jump and the sea was still calm .
tr	I	She simply couldn 't afford to fall victim to it this time but Distance had not diminished the power of his attraction .
tr	O	I will be ready but if the teacher is a cat then I am running for it .
tr	I	Francesca glanced up to see Butch filling the entire doorway , and a shadow darkened the place where Paris had first entered the room .
tr	I	Then lay still again , but the rabbit kicked once as the arrow came out .
tr	O	They didn 't appear to be armed , but that didn 't mean they weren 't .
tr	O	No , our daughter wanted to come out and she wasn 't willing to wait any longer .
tr	I	I tuned most of it out , but Casey seemed to tear up as she listened to the ceremony .
tr	I	The young man protested which was unusual , but traditionally , they decided to leave Heyday in the space ship .
tr	O	The giant bird grew tired and its wings ached .
tr	I	He quite liked it , and it was odd for him to be thinking of someone else 's feelings for a change .
tr	I	I released Goldie and after a few moments my tears slowed , then stopped .
tr	I	Her gaze darted from him to Elijah speculatively and she hesitated .
tr	I	The servers need to be completely connected , but I 'll work on individual machines shortly .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I wanted to .
tr	I	Steve took in several deep breaths until the familiar ache passed and the acid building up in his stomach seemed to explode with pain .
tr	I	Parker looked like the lightning ball electrocuted her and Sebastian flipped her over .
tr	I	My head was spinning in a thousand directions , but the wine was beginning to help calm me .
tr	O	The night is cool against my skin and my heart beats hard against my ribs .
tr	I	She would , and her goal was to marry off all three of her boys .
tr	I	I could feel his heartbeat quicken as my head pressed against his chest and he wrapped his arms around my body .
tr	I	My golden eyes narrowed and the visor slid back .
tr	O	Each lab was given only a small amount of it for test subjects , and they don 't have much left to analyze .
tr	O	He heard none moving and Kenny was relieved .
tr	O	I looked at him , and for a second he was vulnerable , like the brother I 'd loved when we were young .
tr	O	I could have gone there by my mind 's art , but it was no longer allowed .
tr	O	The pressure chamber activated , and the outer hatch opened .
tr	O	It was a sleeveless , summery yellow linen , and why they were talking about it was beyond her .
tr	I	I could smell the yeast from the beer on his breath and he leaned closer .
tr	I	I had a feeling Marcus was trying to protect my feelings , and those words settled heavily between us for a few moments .
tr	O	I can 't make out her features but she is a mass of brilliant blue .
tr	O	The passage from the gentle environment of the womb to the harsh medium of reality had been too long , and he had not survived the journey .
tr	I	Suddenly we are not , and yesterday it looked as if we would be having a species war right in the middle of the city .
tr	O	They were coming , and he would go over it until the last minute .
tr	O	Confusion swelled throughout the galaxy , and civilization declined .
tr	I	I think he 's taking advantage of the fact that you 're so young and you 're too young to go through something like that .
tr	O	His face was pale , nearly as white as the covering of snow , but beads of sweat dotted his forehead .
tr	I	The wind was gone , and it grew rapidly humid .
tr	I	The worst the boy could expect was a twinge of rheumatism when he was around eighty , but it was a chilly night .
tr	O	I dial again and Amanda picks up .
tr	I	As he spoke , his voice chilled her to the bone , and these eyes were the colour of the underside of an iceberg .
tr	I	Both knew what had happened that evening , but neither said a word .
tr	I	No one I knew , but it was a really cute boy .
tr	I	I saw my life before me and I sat up there .
tr	O	Orpheus looked back before he reached the surface , and she was snatched right back into the Underworld .
tr	I	They scrambled to mount their horses and Bowen was already shouting orders to the men .
tr	O	There were so many things I wanted to say to her , but we hadn 't had the time since this whole thing began .
tr	I	As she dials each number it goes to voicemail , but she has the phone out immediately .
tr	I	A bullet shattered the wood just above his head , and the men turned just as he reached the wall .
tr	O	Part of it was having Birgitte pressed against my left flank , but honestly it just felt a little like coming home .
tr	I	The deep gashes had faded to little more than just scratches with a few deeper gouges , but the wounds weren 't completely gone .
tr	O	She was a pretty girl , but Haven thought she looked much better without all of that covering her face .
tr	O	I pivot to watch her but she doesn 't look back .
tr	O	Zach was still passed out on the couch and Weir was in the booth reading a book .
tr	I	That would have complicated matters , but we could have given you a new , full life as a Little Person .
tr	O	It was her and no one else .
tr	I	She jumped and the baritone voice was immediately behind her .
tr	O	Cruz lives in another country and you 're with Nate .
tr	O	I have fingered two killers tonight already and he 'd still be in a character battle with the two of them for most loathsome .
tr	O	Sure , I could be a little crazy , but I had my charms .
tr	O	I could feel him studying me , but I wouldn 't look at him .
tr	I	Bobo caught a hint of incredulity , but probably the sheriff was trying to sound neutral .
tr	O	He still had his hand on my waist , but I pretended not to notice .
tr	O	Danni thought about calling Darren as soon as school let out , but she didn 't have time .
tr	O	Maybe I can 't do much in your world , but I 'm big news in the world of ghosts .
tr	O	I pulled my arm free , and he didn 't fight me .
tr	O	These were the Northland Marauders , and they were prepared for battle .
tr	I	I 'll seriously consider it , and it 's a fabulous offer .
tr	I	We talked long into the night , and it was my sister .
tr	I	I know I 'm not delivering it but I want her to have the best .
tr	I	He knew that would only frighten her , but he wanted to invade her mouth with hot kisses .
tr	I	He wiped the last of her tears away and Denise looked up at Seth .
tr	I	By God he was going to tell it and this was his story -- a crazy , messed up lie of a story -- .
tr	I	Her grammar was lacking , and she had an edge to her voice , like she was from another city .
tr	O	It seemed an imposition at first , but one of the monks stepped forward .
tr	O	Neither had Christie , and in her opinion , it was just as well that Ruth had stayed out of the picture .
tr	I	I stared wordlessly at him and I felt a lead weight drop into my stomach .
tr	O	The fire snapped , and its scent made her nostrils burn .
tr	I	I feel bad , and I know it had to be uncomfortable to wait for the bathroom .
tr	O	We had talked regularly these past few months , but I hadn 't told her anything about Jackson .
tr	O	She might not have been able to be really close to them , but she wanted that to change .
tr	O	Her toothy grin turned into a scowl and she ignored me , her bushy ponytail flicking away from me .
tr	O	My thigh muscles ache and my toes are coated with Alex 's dried blood .
tr	O	I stare up at the stars , glowing above my head , and I begin counting them .
tr	O	I may have set the criteria , but this is your project .
tr	I	I couldn 't leave , but it probably was stupid .
tr	I	My vision blurred , and there was soft thunder in Henry 's voice .
tr	I	The two men opened their briefcases , and my target smiled at that .
tr	O	I keep pace with him and it is pure ecstasy .
tr	O	He 'd gotten a shotgun , and he was pointing it at her .
tr	O	I watched his face and he watched mine .
tr	I	Her face felt flushed with passion , and her heart pounded in her chest .
tr	O	There was a van waiting outside and I was loaded into the back seat .
tr	I	He had to clear his throat and his voice sounded rusty .
tr	O	I looked back for Aiden , but he was gone .
tr	I	I was beginning to nod off against the window , and I hadn 't gotten a wink of sleep in the plane .
tr	I	Brittany played hostess and everyone sat down .
tr	O	A party tonight was really the last place she wanted to be , but her parents had requested her presence here tonight so she 'd come .
tr	O	We start down it , passing door after door , and I keep my senses on high alert .
tr	I	The water in the pool bubbled ferociously and the earth beneath their feet rolled slightly .
tr	I	We decided it 'd be worth the risk , and he was dying to know more about Nina .
tr	I	There were times when he was more hesitant than others , but I didn 't always have to prompt him like this .
tr	I	I couldn 't resist real sugar , but I usually took it as thick as motor oil .
tr	I	She thought he would make an excellent government leader , and Anna had heard that he was planning on a career in politics .
tr	O	She entered into this arrangement fully aware of where she stood with me , and for her to think otherwise is stupid on her part .
tr	I	In the dim light it gets too difficult to see , but I try to read some more of Quickly 's journal .
tr	O	He doesn 't lie and he 's greatly respected .
tr	I	She was mesmerized by Ryan 's ability to retain his composure but Melody wanted to run .
tr	I	I made it and it was a rookie mistake .
tr	O	You cannot return to Sanctuary until this is over because they will follow you there and people will die .
tr	I	I felt a sudden overwhelming urge to hug her and her voice was soft , unsure .
tr	I	She didn 't move away , didn 't even flinch , but he took a step toward her .
tr	O	I realized what a fool I had been , and I let the pamphlet fall from my hands .
tr	I	For some reason he didn 't want to , but Trapper had a feeling that if he brought up the idea of going home .
tr	I	His sad eyes glassed over , and he nodded .
tr	I	It hardly hit solid but Jimmy hit him again .
tr	I	She turned back to her friend and her face brightened .
tr	O	You were just trying to help me , and I bit your head off .
tr	O	Just yesterday , a helicopter had brought Noel here from Rosewood , and he hadn 't regained consciousness since .
tr	O	The lights were on and the stove was hot .
tr	I	Then she dropped backward off the landing , and she gave herself another second , enjoying the spray of blood beginning to cover the floor .
tr	O	Isaac jumped off the floor and his building blocks tumbled down .
tr	O	I try in vain to clear Day from my mind , but it 's impossible .
tr	O	Her voice was strictly neutral , but she didn 't like it .
tr	I	The bastard , standing in his living room beyond , grinned , but of course the explosions had also taken out Merl 's wall .
tr	I	She could appreciate the situation , but she may be an Academy dropout .
tr	O	I don 't trust him , and I 've never felt comfortable around him .
tr	I	I had to steady her elbow to keep her from toppling over , and Miss Wren was so excited that she leapt up without her cane .
tr	I	I turned to watch her blend in with the crowd of similarly dressed teenagers and she slammed the door .
tr	I	Nothing stronger in this world exists , and if anything , it shows the love you have inside you .
tr	I	The mine security team will ask probing questions that may be difficult to answer , and the Sheriff would be on the hot seat .
tr	I	Then his mouth was on hers , and Sam went willingly , sucking in a little gasp of air as their bodies brushed together in the water .
tr	I	He has people looking for someone in the state with those names and I 've already filled Hawke in .
tr	O	The truth had pushed her out on a twisting , narrow road , and only she could find her way .
tr	I	Eleanor was not one to take chances , but she had a mild flu .
tr	I	Part of Kat couldn 't help being impressed , and it was a place where meticulous people did meticulous work .
tr	O	Siloam Springs was only about fifty miles from Whistler 's Gulch , but rides were a lot harder to come by this far off the beaten path .
tr	O	There was one thing Simon had never been , and that was graceful .
tr	O	My legs were slowly recuperating , and I knew that they would feel even better after a good rub down with liniment .
tr	O	Everything inside me screamed it was more than an erotic kink , and I wanted to understand .
tr	I	I 'm a human , and he 's a demon .
tr	I	He smiled at me , a smug , sexy smile of utter satisfaction on his lips and his mouth lifted from mine .
tr	I	She wouldn 't now know about it and anything could have been done to her .
tr	I	Soon , his distance from the truck seemed indeterminate and darkness seemed to swirl in behind him .
tr	O	Zook started toward the archway , Eris in tow , but Sye stopped them .
tr	O	He 's about to be pulled into a mess because both Mom and I go too far when we 're pissed .
tr	O	I had been putting off so much shit because I couldn 't focus in the last two weeks , and now I was behind .
tr	I	Della suspected it was Holiday 's , and she wore a gown .
tr	O	Maybe it was a wrong number and it would stop .
tr	O	The more he thought about it , the more he knew he was being deceived , but perhaps the neighbor was an innocent stooge in the deception .
tr	I	We briskly pushed through the Vikings ' turf , placing our feet on singular patches of soil , and she pushed me .
tr	I	Most of the battle was concentrated in the middle , around the trenches , but scattered fights dotted the perimeter of the valley .
tr	O	I took an oath of confidentiality in the interest of American National Security and I will never break it .
tr	I	My throat felt raw as I forced one leg in front of the other and my skin burned .
tr	I	For the first time I notice the omega symbol stitched into the back of his jacket and he stops in front of me .
tr	O	Rock 's gauge read about 15 minutes remaining and he decided he was going to have a look inside .
tr	O	She wanted to know the truth -- and she was going to face it , no matter what it led her to .
tr	O	I still don 't quite understand what 's going on with Pip , if I 'm honest , but I 'm coming to terms with that .
tr	I	They always protected each other , but they may not get along very well , his family .
tr	O	He held his hand out for me and I smiled .
tr	O	He throws a punch , but the man ducks .
tr	I	It wasn 't the cuts that worried Jenny , but Michael 's cotton undershirt was showing signs of pink .
tr	O	We all have equal share in these times , and every task is as important as every other .
tr	O	Something in my stomach knotted into a hard ball , and my tongue suddenly felt too big for my mouth .
tr	I	I can feel the energy within him , and I 've seen him use the magic .
tr	O	It still was , but we had visitors now .
tr	O	That had driven me over the edge and I had leaped at her without looking .
tr	O	The association of diamonds with volcanoes had been recognized for more than a century , but it was still poorly understood .
tr	O	Deanna said yes , and the man who answered went on .
tr	O	You 're going to help me out of this situation , and then I 'll help you .
tr	O	The possibility had been worrying her , but now that logic had proved beyond all doubt that she was safe , she was able to relax .
tr	O	Maybe I was wrong and she will shape up for next year .
tr	O	Jared 's contrived smile didn 't hide the heavy disappointment in his eyes , but I pretended not to notice .
tr	O	Duncan slung Shane across the room , and the vampire rammed into the side of Connor 's cell .
tr	O	The tidal wave was coming fast , and she wasn 't about to let herself drown .
tr	O	The man 's nails were broken and his fleshy fingertips were bloody , likely rubbed to the bone when he tried to get into the stable .
tr	I	The duke rose , and they were silent .
tr	O	I turn to her , and her gaze is sympathetic .
tr	O	Rashid pulled her along again and they were walking as quickly as possible towards the area where the palace hospital was located .
tr	O	Another slip of coin , a few whispered words into her ear and she was off to do his bidding .
tr	I	I minded being steered , but I didn 't mind being held around the back of the neck .
tr	O	She did not know why that scored such a big point , but the fury in his eyes proved it did , so she continued .
tr	O	Jackson stepped forward , but I stopped him .
tr	O	Dorian had no idea what velvet was , but she understood the tone of the comment .
tr	O	They were leaving town to get away from trouble , and they didn 't need to take on anyone else 's .
tr	I	He knew that he was going to enjoy their wedding night and just watching her , even from a distance , had his body stirring .
tr	I	They were going home , and Day was indeed coming .
tr	I	Garrett sensed she was waiting until Chelsea had moved out of earshot to answer him , and Jessi looked through the screen door into the house .
tr	O	I expected defiance , but instead she cowered , terrified .
tr	I	They 'll expect you to have mail for them to deliver , and the ponies will be here soon .
tr	O	Ava 's voice trembled , but power radiated from her .
tr	O	Miss Maren groaned as soon as his back was turned , and a little smile tugged at the corner of his mouth .
tr	I	I 'd been to that cabin at least twice before , but walking toward the porch , I tried to search out something that was familiar .
tr	O	I knew it , and Lucius knew it .
tr	I	Paris could suddenly breath again and Riyad 's aura relented .
tr	O	There was a lengthy pause and Farnsworth didn 't like pauses .
tr	I	The guard 's buttons flashed again as he moved further into the room , and Logan nodded .
tr	I	He pointed to a girl in the front row and hands shot up around the class .
tr	O	I tried to look anywhere else , but my eyes kept circling back to her .
tr	O	The music swelled , and the noise released from Cameron 's throat was drowned in Giorgio 's notes .
tr	I	She tried never to show it bothered her , but it was a sore subject .
tr	I	A third set came alive from near the yard gate and another set from behind exploded in the rear view mirror .
tr	O	Blood pounded in her ears and she was blind with terror .
tr	I	It did no good but I tried to soothe her by rubbing her hair .
tr	I	What was new but she didn 't trust me ?
tr	I	It 's probably been less than five minutes when I 'm finally able to open my eyes again , but it feels like a lifetime of agony .
tr	I	It kills me and I can already see how it would end !
tr	I	I let out a startled scream and Clay pulled me into the water .
tr	I	It would allow her to remain invisible , but it wasn 't a very good plan .
tr	O	Luca pointed ahead and the driver nodded .
tr	I	After studying them the way he 'd study any adversary , he wisely swallowed his rising temper , and they turned on him .
tr	I	I did my best to relax my face and she was watching me with a concerned expression .
tr	O	Our guys went over every inch of Simon 's house , but it was the same as Charlie 's .
tr	I	He wasn 't there and Hannah blinked .
tr	I	She was about ready to vibrate into oblivion and his throbbing member stood ready at her entrance .
tr	O	He holds the card up and the door shunts into life .
tr	O	I look up at him , and finally , he looks back at me .
tr	O	Her fangs might not have been out moments before , but they were sure there now .
tr	O	I 'm afraid that it might be another close one , but if we are lucky , we could get another year .
tr	O	I was tired , but I felt exhilarated .
tr	I	Laurel smiled back , and Peyton smiled as Laurel caught her gaze .
tr	I	I try not to look at it , but the small hatchback car is parked down the street .
tr	O	I have assured them , but I will be sending through your latest rough draft for them to review .
tr	O	He left two messages , but she didn 't respond .
tr	O	His arm shook and he looked pale .
tr	O	There were so many ways to answer the question , but the scariest one was the one he said next .
tr	I	The energy coursed through my body and the life giving nourishment was palpable .
tr	O	I preferred to imagine I 'd survived the long walk to serve some purpose , but the world might not operate like that .
tr	O	Theirs was the final decision and they turned many people away .
tr	I	She gasped and he caught her hand .
tr	I	He wasn 't worried about it , but it 'd been a couple weeks since he 'd heard from Erin .
tr	O	I lunged towards her and Ian grabbed my arms .
tr	I	He usually had to drag Billy along , but he was allowed to go alone .
tr	O	He 'd come if I asked , but I shouldn 't have to ask .
tr	O	My chest tightened , and a warm feeling rushed through me .
tr	O	Once the gold star is attached to the order , the kitten is promised to the person praying and we make that special order just for them .
tr	I	She melted slowly to the ground , her arms spread to her sides , her open mouth to the sky , and her knees gave way .
tr	I	Dorian took a step forward , and she reached the bottom of the stairs .
tr	I	It has to stay that way and we 've managed to keep this , this situation out of the public for years .
tr	I	An hour later I 'm in his office , and Frank Beebe calls me at eight the next morning .
tr	I	We still must play our parts , but the events of our lives are not as random as they seem .
tr	O	Trenton put his hands on the pool table , and her ass was nestled tightly in between them .
tr	I	He has a perfectly trimmed goatee circumventing nearly invisible lips and his head is shaved bald .
tr	I	Edward ten , and though my brother is only eleven years older than I am .
tr	I	She would end up at Dee 's house , and at least she knew she was going the right way now .
tr	O	His voice was suddenly passionate , and I realized Greg was really close to a major breakdown .
tr	I	When the plates were clean , they were removed with a flourish , and the cutlets lasted half an hour .
tr	I	His warm fingers intertwined with mine , and my hands joined his that returned to my shoulders .
tr	O	She wished they were here , and at the same time was glad they weren 't .
tr	I	He could still sing , but yes , to his ears he didn 't sound 100 % back to normal .
tr	O	Her hand had crept to her chest , and she could feel her heart beating anxiously .
tr	I	He kissed the tips of her fingers when they lingered on his lips and she let her hands discover the elegant planes of his face .
tr	O	Jake didn 't reply , but his lips formed a soft smile .
tr	O	he said , and I hugged him around the middle .
tr	I	I groaned and I raised my brows as I scanned through the untidy , messy living room .
tr	I	She came to her feet and he saw that shrubbery broke her fall .
tr	O	The priest 's orb grew in size , and his voice deepened with authority .
tr	O	We find a secluded corner in a waiting room and I fall into the first empty chair .
tr	O	Her life had become a serious rut , and if she didn 't do something to shake things up she thought she might go mad .
tr	O	He wanted to be closer to Whitney and Port A was a compromise .
tr	I	Damn it , she needed to leave discussions of his father in the past , but he wanted to be with her .
tr	I	16 Oxford Street was one such office block , and the street was predominantly made up of office blocks .
tr	I	I liked it and it was different .
tr	O	Thomas ' itching caught Alanna 's attention and she grimaced .
tr	I	There was a brief , whispered exchange and another set of boots walked up .
tr	O	I put the Jeep in park and we sit here for a moment .
tr	I	Josephine headed for the door and the doorbell rang .
tr	I	There 's no time to waste , and we 're on deadline now .
tr	O	I open my mouth to call out , but my lips only manage to form a silent Dad .
tr	I	That didn 't mean it couldn 't happen , but maybe killing for hire didn 't happen often .
tr	O	In the afternoon her water broke and nothing was going to stop the delivery .
tr	O	It didn 't really matter now , but I suddenly wanted to know .
tr	O	The phone clicked off and I grabbed my shoes .
tr	O	He found it in the stream near one of the camping grounds when he was a tiny boy , and his father told him it was lucky .
tr	O	She was supposed to lead them to greatness , but then , Mari liked her soaps , too .
tr	O	She was all his , and no matter what happened , he 'd make sure she was protected .
tr	I	It 's clear the Judge will find against him anyway , and unfortunately he can 't really think of a good objection to this particular question .
tr	O	Jax knew how to seduce and he never shirked the effort .
tr	O	The Facebook page loaded , and Emma gasped .
tr	O	He didn 't offer to help with the suitcase , but Grant carried it up the ladder as if it had been no heavier than a book .
tr	I	I will make sure that our hospitals spend more time preventing sex than actively encouraging it and vote me .
tr	I	We went on with our dance and Merrill was back at my elbow .
tr	I	She couldn 't help herself , but Adria knew it was rude to stare .
tr	I	The blindfold was being removed and it was only moments before she was free .
tr	I	The worktable would serve this purpose , but we seldom ate in the kitchen .
tr	O	As expected they fanned out to surround them , but they did not attack at once .
tr	I	I never could ignore a scream , and my bed was screaming now .
tr	I	Except for a faint sluggish feeling , nothing happened , but I braced myself for something nasty , pressing close to Kenzie .
tr	O	He hopped off the train with her , and they walked in together to Marina City .
tr	O	He was very good at being a monster -- but as a boy he was mediocre at best .
tr	O	She wasn 't immune to any of it , either , and I knew it was time I was strong for her .
tr	I	She was very pale , and her toast was untouched .
tr	O	Nathan 's heart ached and he suddenly despised himself .
tr	I	That will take time to check out , but Dan thinks the books are in a commercial storage locker .
tr	O	There were rumors that she 'd married a Russian billionaire , but nothing confirmed .
tr	O	They got to the door but he did not go in .
tr	O	Father Pirlo hurled a vial of holy water at the face of his enemy , but it didn 't allay its advancing rage .
tr	I	He looked away at his patrol car , pretending to be fascinated by the querulous voice coming over the radio , and his lids fluttered .
tr	O	His eyes darkened for a minute and I licked my lips .
tr	I	He sat next to me and I sat on the bed .
tr	I	He brushed it aside but something stirred in him at the thought .
tr	I	Now wasn 't the time , but he was going to have to figure out what this thing between them was .
tr	O	The men sat quiet for a moment , and Nathan contemplated what else could be done .
tr	O	She sounded proud , and he could understand now why she might be .
tr	I	He seems like one of those guys who 's been with about a hundred girls , but he 's hot .
tr	I	Caroline is in a class of her own , but I never thought a girl would do this to get revenge .
tr	I	It makes them smile , and they like the music .
tr	O	She stops cold when she sees me , and I can tell by the expression on her face that she wants nothing to do with me .
tr	O	I 'd really hoped she 'd get together with Christian , but now I wasn 't sure it was such a good idea .
tr	O	Missy set her fork down , and when she looked at Adela again , a deep sadness had taken the place of the sparkle in her eyes .
tr	I	I yanked her forward against me , and my hand slipped to her waist .
tr	O	On the dance floor the music was fast and it was fun to move around a bit .
tr	I	Then it 's your house , Matt , dear , and Ma ma hasn 't said a word about it .
tr	O	Her eyes peered through the screen of hair , and they were colorless orbs .
tr	I	If so , he 's knocking on the right door ... and maybe he 's all about bad girls deep down .
tr	I	It would preserve her reputation , but it might mar the picture .
tr	O	Jack leaped from the dock , as if to plunge into the water , but he landed on a firm surface .
tr	I	He felt his hair move on his scalp ; and the thing wasn 't the Moon at all .
tr	I	Apparently , he was performing some surgery on this man in their house and her father was a doctor .
tr	O	He loves them and he can 't get enough of them since they came off ration .
tr	O	We created another prototype similar to you , but it is being used at another facility .
tr	I	I could barely move and Sleep was still heavy on my eyes .
tr	I	The touch was gone before I could really pinpoint it , but I scanned the room quickly .
tr	O	She watched him closely and her curiosity got the better of her common sense .
tr	O	Seth 's muscles tensed up and he was screaming at his father now .
tr	O	She needed the money , and this was the best offer she 'd had so far .
tr	O	I tried to tell him that I could go get help , but Joe Solomon was one of the best operatives in the world .
tr	O	She brushed a kiss over his cheek , and her hair tickled his skin .
tr	O	Her body had a will of its own , and kneeling on rice every night seemed to be doing little to tame it .
tr	I	It really didn 't matter , but I had no idea where we were headed .
tr	O	Instead she had agreed , and from then on they were hardly ever apart .
tr	O	The danger inherent in wanting him and his implacable arrogance turned her on to such an extent that she was panting in her chair .
tr	O	He has not lost anything Many people were troubled by these views , but attempts to establish guidelines quickly ran into logical problems .
tr	O	I didn 't fall asleep , but I pretended to be .
tr	O	He wasn 't tagged , but the picture was set to public .
tr	O	Avalon sent me a thought and I inwardly cringed , realizing I had promised not to interrupt him .
tr	O	Shannon didn 't know the half of what 'd happened with Isabel and he 'd prefer to keep it that way .
tr	I	I was this close to breaking down the door to punch her for that comment , and my hands curled into fists .
tr	I	Their contributions were rarely wrong and they often contributed to meetings .
tr	O	Love nudged the driver 's door with his foot and the remaining fragments of glass fell to the ground .
tr	O	She was all too many sorts of perfect and I was a million shades of fucked up insanity .
tr	O	His phone buzzed and he answered it .
tr	O	The dinosaurs listened to her , but they did not like it .
tr	I	I accept her attempt at kindness without objection , but I don 't think my youth excuses it .
tr	I	He 's got the right touch , but he 's got hands the size of hams .
tr	I	I relaxed a tiny bit , and his voice was soothing now .
tr	O	She waited for her host to do the same , but he didn 't .
tr	I	To relax and to think .
tr	O	I looked into those terrible eyes , feeling acute pain but there was no emotion there .
tr	I	We went shopping in Little Rock together twice a year , and we had coffee together every other day , just about .
tr	O	Nick 's voice was soothing , but it seemed so far away .
tr	O	Both factions had great abilities but those abilities are what set them apart .
tr	O	There was no doubt he and Ryan were brothers because they looked so much alike .
tr	O	Her fixation would be too noticeable , and that made it all the more apparent to her .
tr	O	The man was wearing sunglasses , even though the van had dark windows and the sky was cloudy .
tr	O	He slid his arm around my shoulders , and we walked to calculus together , where I took my rightful place in the desk behind his .
tr	O	He knows what happened , and he wants to talk .
tr	O	Then something caught her eye , and she whipped around .
tr	I	He was determined to woo her properly , but weeks of abstinence were taking their toll .
tr	I	I 'd no choice , but I hesitated , perhaps he would hate a hiker .
tr	I	Once , when she looked like in sleep in his cuddle , he squeezed her closer and he checked his doubts .
tr	O	They were talking low , circling someone on a lounge chair , and she feared she knew who that someone was .
tr	O	We hadn 't known each other for that long and it was hard to know what she was thinking .
tr	O	We won the coin toss and we all got into position .
tr	O	I couldn 't stay another night in the dorm without Evie , and I sure the hell wasn 't calling Ash .
tr	O	They all look at me , and then Logan starts to laugh .
tr	O	Everything about Jo was perfect and she looked wonderful in everything .
tr	I	Dreamer smirked , and squeaked Damon .
tr	O	Not when Daemon was looking incredibly scary and I had no idea how deep Blake was involved .
tr	I	I went to her small closet to rummage amongst her colorful things , and this she agreed to .
tr	O	Like the first time , he ignored the calls , but after a while , it just got annoying .
tr	O	Day 's lips move away from mine and he buries his face against my neck .
tr	I	She hadn 't told him , and Tamara had known she was pregnant .
tr	O	Now wasn 't the time to play games , but I couldn 't help myself .
tr	O	I told him about the pale blue dress , and how everyone said I looked like a bride .
tr	I	I think I know what he is going to say , and I can see him searching for the words .
tr	I	She refused to open her eyes but he stared down at her in confusion .
tr	O	Nicole had a sinking feeling Ryan Patrick didn 't like losing , and he could afford to fight a lot longer than she could .
tr	O	My breathing was still rapid , and my heart felt like it had been broken into a million tiny pieces .
tr	I	I think we are also trying to minimize our own sense of risk , but partly they are trying to be helpful .
tr	I	She cannot leave you and take enough to convert her .
tr	I	He was out looking for me everywhere else and I was waiting in his apartment for him .
tr	O	I told her , and she backed even further .
tr	O	He 'd only catch her , and then he 'd be pissed .
tr	O	He tried several times to think of something to say , but the situation was so bizarre that he found himself speechless .
tr	O	I had my arm draped round her and we were both wearing Mickey Mouse ears .
tr	O	I try to smile , but I know it won 't be possible for me to maintain this façade for the rest of the evening .
tr	O	Both men shrieked as Ezio 's blade tore through , and the men fell , their legs useless .
tr	I	Until he understood what was happening he intended to shelter her from that and this would likely alarm her .
tr	O	Stone didn 't know why he felt sure of that when he 'd only seen pictures from the old world , but the walls were smoother .
tr	O	She was privileged to have such knowledge and she didn 't share it .
tr	O	His kiss surprised me , but I quickly sank into it .
tr	O	Her aunt looked suspicious of Della 's proposal , but she nodded .
tr	I	I stared as they swayed in the light wind , and there were a lot of pretty flowers in bloom .
tr	O	I try my hardest to not smile , but it 's hard with Frankie .
tr	O	A baseball cap shielded his eyes from the sun , and he hadn 't yet noticed Susan 's reluctant approach .
tr	I	While she looked annoyed , she swallowed it , dry , and he shoved a white pill into her hand .
tr	I	I found no reason to say yes and I thought about it .
tr	O	The choice of punishment had been on his motion , but they 'd all voted in favor .
tr	O	That was when they 'd stopped talking to me , but I forced myself to read one at a time .
tr	O	She 'd always been jealous of Jason 's girlfriends , but one had always stood out more than the others .
tr	O	This was the first time Catherine had really felt relaxed in his company and when he left , she felt she had made a friend .
tr	O	I closed my eyes to relax and the vision came again .
tr	I	Her uncle knew her too well , but Lena tried to hide her disappointment .
tr	O	He was spot on , but that didn 't please me .
tr	I	She responded to him eagerly and Tessa became warm all over .
tr	O	We were so very close to each other and his eyes were terrifyingly clouded with ulterior motives .
tr	I	Julia raised her head up , letting the light rain cool her face and a light mist fell .
tr	I	He bet she wasn 't , either and he wasn 't thinking clearly .
tr	I	It was comfortable , but they hiked in silence .
tr	O	We told him we were using it for storage and we lived in it .
tr	O	Everyone thought I eloped with Len but I could not blame them for thinking that way .
tr	O	Give us another hour and we 'll have something .
tr	O	The memories bombarded her , and when she stepped off the bus late that afternoon , she was emotionally exhausted .
tr	O	Now his heart was full and he couldn 't imagine a life without her .
tr	O	I had a strange urge to put them away neatly , but the idea was absurd .
tr	O	Jen 's Mum had said cool , and Moonbeam had agreed with the anorak .
tr	I	He had no choice , but he wasn 't ready for this conversation yet .
tr	O	Liza didn 't want to continue this conversation anymore , but she didn 't want to be rude either .
tr	I	She pushed away all the reasons why this shouldn 't happen , and the relief of being in his arms again was almost painful .
tr	O	Chapter Twenty-five Kylie caught Burnett 's scent and in no time she flew beside him .
tr	I	I nod , and she asks .
tr	I	It could buy them some time , but he wasn 't counting on it .
tr	I	I 've put them together for ease of access in chronological order , but they aren 't necessary to enjoy the novella .
tr	I	I couldn 't lift my lids , but I fought to open my eyes .
tr	I	I love you , but I am so pissed off .
tr	I	It barely grazed my hair and I sidestepped it just in time .
tr	I	He was skilled enough to still transfer the basic principles , but Dorian 's magic was actually completely different from my own .
tr	O	My cheeks went hot , and I started to protest .
tr	O	The picture blurred , and then the hotel room refocused .
tr	I	She continued to push herself onward , but Sand filled her sneakers as she slipped in it .
tr	O	He watched me , and although it was clearly difficult , he remained silent .
tr	I	He took her slow at the same time and he took her hard .
tr	O	Her fingers stroked along his cheeks , then moved to his hair , and then she pushed his head back toward her thighs .
tr	I	I never did , but I should have .
tr	I	She couldn 't understand why , but it looked like Nick was still living there .
tr	I	He had to wait until the timing was right , but he wanted to be inside her more than anything .
tr	I	He won 't listen to me and I try to talk to him .
tr	O	He could give advice , solve problems , but he had yet to learn how to deal with conflict .
tr	O	Yes , I could provide for them financially , far beyond the average person 's dreams , but I wanted to be more than a bank account .
tr	I	Angelica nearly gave in , and Maia met her eyes .
tr	I	I know it very well , and it is a small house , which never gets very dirty anyway .
tr	I	I plan on doing the same for you , Gwen , and she saved my life more times than I can remember .
tr	I	They think that a short visit would do the trick and my soul purpose in coming to this place was to get him ?
tr	O	She still felt dizzy , and there was a strange , metallic taste in her mouth .
tr	I	She easily recollected all the wonderful times they 'd had , and he was so attentive , just as he 'd been during their time in Sydney .
tr	I	Everything shifted and Ashe took it .
tr	I	She didn 't turn around , but she must have heard him .
tr	O	The night had been mostly quiet and I slept pretty sound .
tr	I	It was a close game , but naturally I was the victor .
tr	O	He didn 't look any younger , not exactly , but there was something of a spring in his step , a glint in his eye .
tr	O	My blood heated quickly and I felt alive wondering about the pretty vegetarian at the end of the table .
tr	I	There 'd been no answer , but I 'd asked again in my last email when she was coming home .
tr	O	I know , corny , but it seemed to work .
tr	O	He was looking at me with that amused look again , and I knew he was enjoying that I was suddenly tongue-tied .
tr	O	Her parents were killed by werewolves , and she has been alone ever since .
tr	I	He said he couldn 't discuss it , but I tried to talk to him about it .
tr	I	He visited the best spots and her mouth was familiar territory .
tr	O	My Dad wasn 't stupid at all and he 'd know if I was lying .
tr	O	Raymond insisted the attack was perpetrated by aliens , yet Zinger admitted to orchestrating the whole thing himself .
tr	I	He was ignoring them , talking to Sam instead , but a few girls across from him were looking like they were going to join him .
tr	I	He had his head in his hands , and his elbows rested on his raised knees .
tr	O	I stare at the entrance gate and I can 't believe my eyes .
tr	O	He sat there until the morning sun streamed through the window and he sat all through the day .
tr	I	Laurence looked straight to her , and Helen shouted from the balcony .
tr	O	She tentatively glanced back and her mouth dropped open .
tr	I	Her eyes were glassy with exhaustion and Mab had stayed awake all night .
tr	I	His eyes gazed into mine , and his thumb grazed my lip .
tr	I	Her martial arts training eventually enabled her to incapacitate both men , but she really struggled that night .
tr	O	She was laughing so hard that it was coming out as sobs , and tears of mirth were streaming down her face .
tr	O	Jed tried hard to ignore him , but the more he tried the more Chelsea 's father continued his verbal attack .
tr	I	It goes down all right when you 're thirsty , but it ain 't the elixir of the gods .
tr	O	He had no intention of getting drunk , but a little liquid courage couldn 't hurt .
tr	O	He turned to go , but his father turned around .
tr	O	He felt certain her hair would be dark , and whimsically he imagined freckles .
tr	O	I couldn 't figure out where the light came from , but I knew Blake had sent it .
tr	I	It dropped a lot of water and that was a pretty intense storm .
tr	I	I used the ingredients I knew Harry liked best , but so I baked fruitcake .
tr	O	She was starting to consume my every thought and I prayed to God that I consumed hers .
tr	I	It wasn 't bad , but it tasted different .
tr	I	There was nothing there either but I turned to the other side .
tr	O	I feel like all that I can move are my eyes and even those I don 't think I 'm actually moving myself .
tr	I	His eyes crossed to look at it and a tiny feather fell on his nose .
tr	O	His hands gripped the edge of the bar , and his face began to contort a little .
tr	O	You were five years old , and you dressed as the tooth fairy .
tr	I	I savored the taste of her and her tongue slid into my mouth .
tr	O	His foot caught on a table leg , and his head cracked into one of the bookcases , rattling the stone models on the shelves .
tr	O	Rachel sat on her cot and Daniel sat on his .
tr	O	There is a lot more in him than you guess , and a deal more than he has any idea of himself .
tr	I	That was no surprise , but the house was dark .
tr	I	I winced again , and my phone chimed that I had a new text message .
tr	I	She was better dead and her life was shit .
tr	O	She kept her voice low so as not to frighten Joey , but she wouldn 't tolerate Quentin 's lack of concern for her dog 's safety .
tr	I	He didn 't seem angry , but he grimaced .
tr	O	His voice inflected maybe , maybe not , but I 'm game either way .
tr	O	Stories in the evenings were something I looked forward to , and it gave me a chance to get to know everyone better .
tr	O	I tightened my grip , but I didn 't swing .
tr	O	In time , I took to teasing him about this , but I was never sure if he knew I was kidding .
tr	I	He pushed the door open , and the lock clicked .
tr	I	We run in silence and he falls into stride next to me .
tr	I	Now I wanted to know more about fun spankings , but I never thought I 'd be so limited in my imagination prior to this moment .
tr	O	I sped through the numbers in my recent calls , and when I found Mary 's , I clicked it .
tr	I	It was hard , but she tried to look him directly in the eyes .
tr	O	If it were my own , I 'd be happy to let you borrow it , but it isn 't mine .
tr	O	You come here to make money and that 's what you do .
tr	I	My heart skipped a beat , and I slipped into a vision , viewing the present as it was happening .
tr	I	He shakes his head at me , but I go to help him with his clothes .
tr	I	That didn 't mean it was wrong that we were , but she said they didn 't want us to be alive .
tr	O	His words struck her , and Valerie felt tears prickle her eyes .
tr	I	I sank into my father 's leather armchair , and a tremendous well of disappointment opened inside me .
tr	I	I thought I saw a twinkle in his eye , and ' A good idea , ' said the Captain .
tr	O	To aid you and myself there are several tutors who will share their own expertise .
tr	I	We wondered if he 'd seen something , but he would have been little more than a baby when Barbara was killed .
tr	O	He handed her a glass , and the tattoo flashed once more .
tr	O	It was cold , white metal , and it rang hollow like a pipe .
tr	O	Madeleine nodded , smiling slowly and regally , her expression like that of a cat .
tr	I	After two weeks , she reluctantly concurred , but at first , Erin insisted that the snubs were in my head .
tr	I	She didn 't , but he expected her to push him back .
tr	I	We began running , and my father grabbed my hand .
tr	I	Even while a delicious tingle settled deep inside her , Colleen felt a tiny niggle of worry , and Heat sizzled through her veins .
tr	O	He had solemn concerns as to the wisdom of the journey , yet Adele had strongly urged him on .
tr	I	I regretted not buying a house in the area , and West Chester is really quite pretty .
tr	O	My eyes widened and I rushed over to place my hands on his bare chest .
tr	O	A pair of blue eyes meets mine and the floor of my stomach gives way .
tr	I	I might very well walk out of this with information that could show us a whole lot more , but Rescuing Jill was my main priority .
tr	O	He twined his fingers through mine and as we walked , we talked .
tr	O	The rest of our party was gathered in a circle , but he stood slightly apart .
tr	O	It shocked me so bad my tongue started to swell and my brothers freaked out .
tr	I	Dak had no idea who was winning , and sometimes the sight of it was gruesome .
tr	O	You 've been here nearly your entire life and the ARC hasn 't caved in yet .
tr	I	Callie couldn 't have offered anything that would 've tempted him more , but pancakes shouldn 't have been much of a draw .
tr	I	I won 't offer this again , and I 'm not saying it again .
tr	O	Even though he 's short , he 's got speed , and because he 's got speed , he 's got respect .
tr	O	Gabriel 's warm tiger frame curled up beside her , and she rested her head on his arms .
tr	O	We talked a little about my research into werewolf folklore and how I wondered if there could possibly be a cure that wasn 't a silver bullet .
tr	I	She disappeared from sight , but Sofia staggered up ahead .
tr	I	The fog made it hard to see , but I tried to navigate more carefully .
tr	I	The blood didn 't flow as she expected , but three pieces stung at her for a moment .
tr	I	He laughed and I retorted back at him .
tr	I	She buried her face back into my chest and I kissed her on the forehead .
tr	O	The men in the cave couldn 't understand the Indians ' words , but they recognized the astonishment in their voices .
tr	O	His uniform was pressed and he looked freshly shaven .
tr	I	Neither of them seemed to hear me , but I shook the gun in their direction .
tr	I	I will not have you , and the dead belong to me !
tr	O	A flicker from her nightmare rose in her mind , but she shook her head , tossing the thought away .
tr	O	It wasn 't even November and it already felt cold enough to snow .
tr	O	There was so much going on inside her head , and Daniel knew there was a lot of work ahead of him .
tr	I	She wasn 't alarmed , but Joe wasn 't there .
tr	O	Magnus didn 't answer , but the music swelled louder .
tr	O	I wouldn 't call her a drunk , but she was damn close to being one .
tr	I	He pulled me away , but I bent to take him in my mouth , just to taste him .
tr	I	She refuses to go away , but I try to ignore the shimmery mirage .
tr	O	The guard narrows his eyes and I find myself getting uneasy .
tr	O	Her voice was a little shaky , but she now had control over it .
tr	I	She seemed happy , so in Steven 's mind she couldn 't be sick , but she was pale , almost sickly .
tr	I	Normally she sounded much more confident , and I 'd listened to her recorded shows before .
tr	O	The condescending tone of the scholarship winner was still in my head , and part of me didn 't want to help him .
tr	I	The Indian goalie blocked the shot , but he passed it up to his front row of cowboys .
tr	O	He was wearing only a short-sleeved T-shirt , and the inked designs of lines from the Upanishads were darkly visible around his biceps .
tr	I	I was distracted by the number of the warriors but I overheard them muttering about the box of souls .
tr	I	We can 't go south because of the army , and we can 't go east because of New Sea .
tr	O	You stole Mary Ann a laptop , and you question my methods ?
tr	O	Cameras didn 't lie , and there was no mistaking the distrusting look he 'd cast my way .
tr	O	The phone rang and Mrs. Muller went into the house to answer it .
tr	I	It 's connected to me and it 's recurring .
tr	I	Lexi relaxed a little , and not much more light filled the space than it had that morning .
tr	I	He 'd reached the end of his tolerance , and too many people had questioned his authority lately .
tr	O	The Candor sing the praises of the truth , but they never tell you how much it costs .
tr	I	They would have only a short time together , but she should refuse .
tr	O	She crawled into his warmth and the pain slowly eased .
tr	I	Her body stilled and her lashes lowered .
tr	O	She 'd raised him and she 'd done it alone .
tr	O	He cleared his throat , and I didn 't move .
tr	I	I knew that would only let him know he was getting to me , but I wanted to pull away .
tr	O	His grip on my hair loosens and I pull back with a smug smile on my face .
tr	I	She didn 't ask any questions after that , and I told her we were no longer together .
tr	O	I tried to hold the roots back , but the giant was strong .
tr	I	He 'd doubled the guards around anything of value and all of the munitions had been brought to the front of the convoy .
tr	O	Max 's back hit the ground , and he wrapped his arms around her to cushion her fall .
tr	O	That was a sudden flare of hope that glowed inside her like a spotlight , but it dimmed suddenly at the look on Claire 's face .
tr	O	My mother was a vampire and my father was a hunter .
tr	I	The track was in use , which made them nervous , and the lights glowed red when the track was in use .
tr	I	She would try very hard not to do it again but she didn 't understand why she 'd acted in that manner .
tr	I	He felt the temptation to take the loaf for himself , and he hadn 't eaten anything himself all day .
tr	I	I realized that I never would have known her , and then I looked at Kim .
tr	I	She could never understand why , and it was so infuriatingly unreasonable .
tr	I	He didn 't show it , but he noticed she hesitated for an instance when choosing words .
tr	O	He 'd been to visit my mother any number of times , but he quickly grew bored .
tr	O	It didn 't seem possible , but Donovan lowered his head more .
tr	I	She still landed heavily only a moment after the spear struck the floor , but Vanessa managed to slow her descent at the last moment .
tr	O	Maybe he was a bit bossy , but when it came to me he did have a weakness .
tr	O	Seth 's gaze swept over us , but he didn 't argue with Brianna .
tr	O	He saw the man turn towards the noise , and Mr. Clemons stepped out onto the front stoop .
tr	O	Sure they 'd realized they were caught easily enough , but they 'd seemed utterly surprised to get caught in the first place .
tr	I	A worse way to lose , and a bad way to win .
tr	I	I shut it off , and they have an older model security system .
tr	I	It was magic and he took control .
tr	O	I could bring Sean into my lab under the house or I could bring the body of the stalker to him .
tr	I	I 'd actually had an enjoyable time with the game , and it had ended up alright though .
tr	I	She quickly lowered her eyes when Asha noticed her stare , but Lina looked up at Asha with a distinct look of envy .
tr	O	So I had a straight shot of tequila at the Athenian , but it wasn 't enough to calm me down .
tr	O	The kids had seen many life-like Halloween decorations , but this one looked real !
tr	O	He looks like he 's trying to figure out something , but then gives up .
tr	O	He grabbed me underneath the arms , hoisting me to my feet , and the pain screamed through my leg .
tr	I	I exhaled , realizing I had been holding my breath and the doorbell rang , cutting the silence with harsh reality .
tr	O	All banter left him , and his eyes turned serious .
tr	I	He says it 's too soon for so ambitious a test but I suggest trying to uproot a tree .
tr	I	They all wore gas masks and none of them were glowing .
tr	I	Lukas once more battled two at once , but the battle was now three against two .
tr	I	Now she was giving her body and he 'd given her his blood .
tr	O	She looked like she might say something else , but she ended up hugging me instead , which seemed to surprise both of us .
tr	O	They were talking , and then he was on the ground .
tr	O	Ethan resists at first , and I know he wants to ask more questions .
tr	O	He was insanely happy and that happiness infected me .
tr	I	I got rid of that before I went into the clinic , but I did have an expensive one just for racing .
tr	O	I was still trying to usher him out , but I had one last boyfriend outside the door .
tr	O	Injustice is as blind as justice , and no one is safe .
tr	O	She shocked herself with her new , enlightened attitude , but he 'd given her no reason to doubt him .
tr	I	The youngest was an infant whom they called John , and her eldest was a girl named Emma .
tr	O	I listened to him talking , but I didn 't hear the words that were flowing out of his mouth .
tr	O	Another step , and it all became so dreamy .
tr	I	It appears I was taken , but I hate to say it .
tr	I	I climbed to the platform , and Miles was up the watchtower , standing sentry .
tr	O	The room went eerily quiet , and Ethan 's frame finally stiffened .
tr	O	I tried to stop fighting , but I was suddenly very scared .
tr	I	My breath was definitely faster as blood rushed through my body , but I tried to smile .
tr	O	She probably didn 't realize she was angry , but her body betrayed the depths of her emotions .
tr	O	Jeffery went in and his heart leaped .
tr	O	I love him more than my own existence , and I believe he feels the same for me .
tr	O	She didn 't really want to sleep with him and he wasn 't desperate enough to take advantage of her kind heart .
tr	O	That really made no sense to me , but I nodded .
tr	I	Obviously Heather needed the same thing and I needed to be alone .
tr	O	He looked at me and I looked at him .
tr	I	The burly man held it there with a firm grasp , and Walter 's sword was at his throat in a moment .
tr	O	He holds me firm around the waist , and our legs are intertwined .
tr	I	Restrain it , thinking about how I couldn 't handle it at therapy the other day , but I almost laugh at the idea .
tr	I	Their marriage consummated when Mother turned eighteen , and their match was made when Mother was very young , only twelve .
tr	I	Him offering me a trial today and now I feel I was really silly , asking that man for a job .
tr	O	They probably hadn 't intended to put in at her marina , but since they were there they decided they might as well .
tr	O	She read the file twice more , but nothing new popped out at her .
tr	O	She may detest Talon , but she was also the queen .
tr	O	Gwen 's hair is lighter , finer , but it curls the same way Wilder 's does .
tr	O	She holds up a jar to my nose , and I pull away from her hand , one of the leaves rubbing against my nose .
tr	O	They caught three more , and if she helped her baby a bit , the magick was for love .
tr	O	I pocket some disinfectant and some plasters as well , they will also come in very handy at the bank .
tr	I	It seemed he was determined to make that happen , but I didn 't really want to fall in love with him .
tr	I	I do , but I don 't want to .
tr	O	He stood just inside my bedroom and the smile he wore made me feel as if I 'd spotted a rainbow .
tr	O	The seriousness faded from Della 's eyes , and she grinned .
tr	I	The closer we got to Christmas , the more he seemed to pull away , and he never looked me in the eye .
tr	O	He was glad her body blocked the view of his leg and he didn 't dare risk a glance at his shoulder .
tr	O	I 'm sure that she isn 't anywhere bad and I 'm also sure she is watching over you .
tr	O	She wasn 't strong enough and it was like she lied to herself .
tr	I	I stepped forward and mom shoved me in the back .
tr	O	My throat dried up and I didn 't respond .
tr	I	Robert was storming the walls , but for twelve years she had kept herself safe inside her carefully constructed fortress .
tr	I	Willow Patterson is not the end and Marcus Grey is only the beginning .
tr	I	His look turned dangerous , and Hart went still at her words .
tr	O	His arms wrapped around me , and I felt the heat from his body soak into my pores .
tr	I	The door opened before I could touch it , but I reached for the knob .
tr	I	It didn 't turn and I tried the handle .
tr	I	Before he could speak , Marcus stepped in , but Aiden whirled toward me , his eyes narrowing into thin slits .
tr	O	You can 't afford that right now and my brothers wil not be stopped .
tr	I	He was calling it a night and apparently his confounding work was done .
tr	I	He delivers his words simply , belying their weight and Quinn stands like a soldier .
tr	O	His head slanted her way , but he didn 't look her in the eye .
tr	I	It was Lonnie who cried out , but they both leaped back involuntarily .
tr	I	My mind is racing with a billion thoughts and he just cracked me open .
tr	I	I sliced her arm , and I withdrew my knife from my boot , the presence I always had .
tr	O	I know things have been weird between us , but I really wanted to spend tonight with you .
tr	I	She realized hers had become unsteady as well , and his breathing was rough .
tr	I	She was alone , flattened against the wall on the fourth stair from the landing , trembling alone in the dark and suddenly he was gone .
tr	I	Then he changed the subject , and there was an awkward silence for a minute .
tr	I	It didn 't fix our friendship , and it didn 't excuse any of this .
tr	O	Alek Dexter said , and he turned his face away as though he 'd been slapped .
tr	O	I didn 't know for certain if that had been him at the airport , but it was a pretty good guess .
tr	I	I plopped into a limp heap on the mattress , and my legs gave out when I reached the edge .
tr	I	Michael 's face broke out in an easy smile at some of Joanna 's impressions , and they began comparing notes on who they knew .
tr	I	I saw my feet in the air in front of me and I felt myself fall .
tr	I	Before Frederick could say anything , Leopold spoke up , but Otto openly stared at Frederick , demanding a response .
tr	O	I remember the shadows I had seen on his face when we had talked about leaving the resort , and everything falls into place .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I wanted to keep my eyes open .
tr	I	None of them had the experience , but he was already trying to fit one of his other guys into the shoot .
tr	I	He slowly crept toward me and his hands tightened into fists .
tr	I	She was without a doubt the daughter of gods , but she may have been mortal .
tr	O	He has brought me closer to the other side , and I know that I 'm changed .
tr	O	I remembered his gaze , every hue of yellow , and I couldn 't be afraid .
tr	O	Izzy knew she was dazzled , but she couldn 't help herself .
tr	I	The influx of people from other areas of China was at its zenith , and apartment houses were still going up in all areas .
tr	O	Her complexion was still green and Claire hoped the distraction would help her keep breakfast on the inside .
tr	I	Thomas wasn 't really listening , but Alanna was engrossed .
tr	I	Once they were inside , they saw light , but he had to pry apart a door with his bare hands to make it in .
tr	I	He ran a thumb under my eye , and I wrapped my hand around his wrist .
tr	O	In fact , he tried to confront him on the matter while we were at Holden , but the man has disappeared .
tr	I	I knew he could get this , but he might usually deal the hard stuff .
tr	O	Lazarus shot out ahead of him , and she gave him a good pat .
tr	I	The men readied for departure and the repatriation papers were signed .
tr	I	The agreement is that one of us always stays sober and I 'd been careful not to drink because I knew Brax was drinking .
tr	I	I never wanted to hurt you , but I know you may not believe it .
tr	O	The cold took his breath , but it swept away the lather .
tr	I	Losing this opportunity to read the man might not come again , and it didn 't seem as if Philip would be staying long .
tr	I	He isn 't , but I thought Sean would be happy to see me .
tr	O	She could outrun me in distance , but I could take her in a sprint .
tr	O	Mom took back her original name for us , and that was about the extent of her independence .
tr	O	I 'd opened my mouth in preparation to shout at him , but I spluttered instead .
tr	I	He kissed her once more and she moved closer to him .
tr	O	She 's right and I know it .
tr	O	I wasn 't going anywhere , and I planned on making sure she understood that today .
tr	O	I was used to people teasing me but I never expected Len would be one of them .
tr	O	Cassidy was , well , gone , and I was totally confused by what was happening .
tr	I	I tried to figure out where his thought process might go , but my knowledge of the situation was limited .
tr	I	She wouldn 't have him changing himself - and Stefan didn 't force his way .
tr	O	She waves her scarf at him , and he waves back , friendly enough .
tr	I	No guy had ever done that before , and he loved me the way I was .
tr	O	I kept hearing everyone around me say that I was just a victim , and she dumped you , give it up .
tr	O	There were only a few humans who hadn 't succumbed to his efforts , and the guy heading straight toward me was one of them .
tr	O	The little brunette 's eyes misted over and Julia felt hers do the same .
tr	O	Kylie asked , and her concentration on Derek made the vision fade like an old photograph .
tr	I	We were in Miami and she was only five .
tr	I	My hand touched his chest , but his hand caught the floor .
tr	O	I eat lunch first and it 's almost time .
tr	O	He knew his feelings for her were strong , but he also knew that some things were stronger .
tr	O	I tried to explain , but he wouldn 't listen .
tr	O	Almost as if it were choreographed , every head in the vicinity turned to look at her , but she turned to look at me .
tr	O	The doctors expected him to recover , but they wouldn 't allow visitors for a while .
tr	I	He would turn away before she caught him , but occasionally , he glanced toward her .
tr	I	Her quick reflex to get on the bridge before the others was not conducive of controlled foot work , but she tried to step lightly .
tr	I	He remembered the sound of her voice soothing him through the darkness , but he didn 't remember much about the last few days .
tr	I	I had frozen salty water into an ice cage , but it should have been impossible .
tr	O	His Excellency made a determined effort to speak perfect English , but there was still the trace of an accent lingering .
tr	O	He still refused to provide her with a more modest wardrobe , but she 'd grown used to wearing the low-cut , form fitting gowns .
tr	O	I immediately liked this girl a lot but that wasn 't so strange .
tr	I	I 've got a couple of new outfits and my mom took me shopping in Kokomo Saturday .
tr	I	Perry didn 't care , but they had an audience .
tr	I	The book had sucked me in , but I had been meaning to fix myself something to eat .
tr	I	That kind of whimsy had died with her dad ... but once , when her father had been alive , she recalled writing a letter to Santa .
tr	I	It had brought him luck and he had worn that hat to many sites .
tr	O	I had never heard anything about them and I highly doubt that I wanted to know .
tr	I	Desire swept through Julian , and their lips brushed , accidentally .
tr	I	She lay still , afraid to move , and Anger ripped through Sabrina like a knife .
tr	O	He wrapped his arms around my waist and I hesitantly wrapped mine around his neck .
tr	I	There was even a rotisserie set-up between them and the kitchen had a couple of large gas ranges .
tr	I	I could sense that Shane 's guilt was turning into shame , but I didn 't feel any remorse for Gillard Shutter .
tr	O	It might not seem the same , but in some ways it was .
tr	O	They went to their movie and the rest of the evening was relaxed as it always was .
tr	O	He had waited for so long and already he was in love with the act .
tr	O	If she is caught , there is no doubt the king will allow a trial , and a second excursion wouldn 't exactly help her case .
tr	I	Of course it will not , but I step closer , closer , a little wary that the ground might collapse under my feet .
tr	O	It was the stagecoach , and it was coming fast .
tr	O	The fighters went to Bangkok , and we landed at Pattaya Beach in the southern part of the country .
tr	I	Dua never had enough and that took more energy than the other two .
tr	I	From the moment you arrived , she never left your side , and she was a baby herself .
tr	O	It was still cocked and Jack cleared the weapon .
tr	I	Now he was leaving , again , and he opened me up .
tr	O	This wasn 't Lysander 's living room , and it was not Nicholas watching the evening news .
tr	I	She jumped off the chair and Tessa 's face lit up .
tr	O	The cousins ran up to it and when Ben picked it up it also became invisible .
tr	I	I knew it was about to get a whole lot worse , and I wasn 't sure how to feel .
tr	O	My phone is ringing , and I know it is probably Derrick .
tr	I	I start to lose it , and the sweet scent from her skin infiltrates me .
tr	O	Her life was literally a living hell but she tried to see a brighter side to it all but she couldn 't .
tr	O	You were nine and I was sixteen .
tr	I	After a half hour , he seemed satisfied , but his face tightened up at some of my answers .
tr	O	My weak protest started a hushed conversation , but I was simply too tired to eavesdrop .
tr	I	She wanted to be with him so they were together while he was in her country and he wanted to be with her all the time .
tr	I	No sound comes out but I open my mouth .
tr	I	I 'd been fully prepared to kill Micah , too and I 'd killed someone .
tr	I	It makes me feel like I 'm alone , just myself , no one else and I pick up my drumsticks .
tr	I	He stretched out his hand for the cup , and no one was paying him attention , however .
tr	I	We exited the bathroom and I nodded .
tr	O	Another ball had been procured in the meantime , and the game was about to recommence .
tr	O	Black pumps , red stilettos , tan patent leather sling backs , but none of them seemed right for that little black dress .
tr	I	The building was almost empty , and exam session was already over .
tr	O	I picked up his hand , which had somehow fallen to my knee and I laid it on the table .
tr	O	Leonardo could be curiously innocent at times , and he had wanted a new patron very badly .
tr	O	Her fingers flew over the keyboard and she finished , pressing the send button only thirty minutes late .
tr	I	The movement reminds me of the discomfort in my back , and I shift .
tr	I	They got suspicious right away , but I tried asking my parents .
tr	I	Maybe I was just delusional , or maybe it was hysteria .
tr	I	He caught it deftly , running into the end zone and it landed in his arms .
tr	O	She 'd tried to save Nicolas and instead she 'd haunted him .
tr	O	I had arrangements to make , and he had guests to greet .
tr	I	At least I was clean , but I held my place as wingman to all my pretty friends .
tr	I	She had stepped on a landmine , but they would 've torn her apart .
tr	I	We will , of course , consider them alongside our other freelance writers and please do feel free to submit to us any articles that you produce .
tr	O	I told you to resist the devil and he would flee from you .
tr	I	Izzy seemed to know where we were going , but I 'd lost sight of Finley by now .
tr	O	He was not sure how , but he followed .
tr	O	I did my best to climb the fence gracefully , but it was no use .
tr	I	Her wide grin says it all , but she 's pretending to be mad .
tr	O	Soon my spirit broke from my body , leaving it cold , forgotten , and I was looking down at myself .
tr	I	The agony quiets to pain , but I float on my back , which continues to burn beneath the water .
tr	O	I hated knives , but I didn 't see how I had a choice .
tr	I	You 'll keep them on the beat when they 're marching and you 'll call out the men to battle .
tr	I	She didn 't seem to notice , but some of it spilled down the front of her shirt .
tr	I	He brought a bottle of whiskey and he was planning a day hike ?
tr	I	I stayed , but it was the hardest decision I 'd ever made .
tr	I	She really wanted a slice of fudge , but the fruit looked beautiful .
tr	I	Moving seemed better than standing still , but I didn 't really know where I was going .
tr	I	I shook my head as I watched her running around and she laughed .
tr	I	She flailed , knocking her head into her captor 's chin , and Instinct kicked in .
tr	I	Paul , breathing deeply , lowered his rifle , and there were a moment of silence .
tr	I	I give him a cool smile , and he cocks an eyebrow at me .
tr	O	We exchange glances and she smiles .
tr	O	Knox didn 't want to wait and I didn 't want a big wedding .
tr	O	The past several years of my life tumbled through my brain and I realized that I 'd been afraid to graduate from college .
tr	I	There were few places she 'd grown familiar with and she 'd only been in London a few weeks .
tr	I	Lea greeted him first as Azalea stood in the background as awkward as ever and he got up .
tr	I	That 's when I realized he was completely dry except for the hem of his t-shirt and he nodded to my stained shirt .
tr	O	He didn 't think he 'd ever seen such a perfect pair , and he was suddenly obsessed with getting the girl back to his house .
tr	O	Just get a move on , ' he said , and he swore at me .
tr	O	I think he 'd broken several of her fingers , but of course he 'd done nothing to help her .
tr	I	He needed Carol , and he 'd come through hell , suffered the torment of losing his wife .
tr	O	Maybe some of what Leanne said was plausible , but Claire couldn 't accept that Alana had left them .
tr	I	None could find her but a few elders searched the area for Lina .
tr	I	She flinched and her cell phone rang .
tr	I	His eyes glowed red , and his white lips were covered in her blood .
tr	I	One woman asked me what I thought , and I inched my way into the huddle .
tr	O	Her black claws protrude from her fingertips , but she can 't do anything .
tr	I	I was smarter , but the mobster was smart .
tr	O	Theresa is very big on events , but I really wanted to help her with this .
tr	O	Any number of his acquaintances would agree , but the stench of his ex-wife 's betrayal still clung to him .
tr	O	They 're not immediately life-threatening , but you should have a doctor see to them .
tr	O	Call was in his cabin , Archer in his room , and I spoke in both their heads at the same time .
tr	O	Dad found out that Amy had been pregnant and I thought he was going to lose it .
tr	O	We returned to the restaurant and my steps slowed .
tr	O	Some had been friends in his younger years , and he could hear them now , screaming in his head .
tr	O	She was taking a lot off him and I wanted to like her .
tr	I	This is how it works , and you are now a keeper .
tr	I	Yuri were passing by and he began taunting her as she .
tr	O	I can 't wrap my brain around his behavior , and more than that , I feel rejected .
tr	I	Her mates watched her carefully , and she was beautiful , though .
tr	O	She 'd always been reasonably content with her body and normally she wasn 't self-conscious about being nude .
tr	I	Bellamy held his hand to her , palm out , but she cringed away , as though expecting a blow .
tr	O	Power surged from deep inside him , and the uncanny sense to root out a nearby Arum took hold .
tr	I	The soldiers look away , and he bites his lower lip , covers his eyes , pinches his nose .
tr	O	I forced my eyes to open , and I glared contemptuously up at her .
tr	I	My spoon flies out and my mouth falls opens .
tr	O	She blinked , and it vanished .
tr	O	Shane nodded , and I noticed his strong profile .
tr	I	She stood up , and I let go of her wrist .
tr	O	Your body getting cold and you not able to get back inside it .
tr	O	He kissed me , and I answered so hungrily I thought my lips would bruise .
tr	I	I sat up in horror and a little voice spoke up .
tr	O	My throat is suddenly young like Ruth , and though the car is freezing , I do not even feel the cold .
tr	I	It was purplish , but there was light outside .
tr	I	I did not ask , but I wondered if these two were the sons of those lost uncles .
tr	O	Now her mouth closed and he stared at her .
tr	I	She let out a happy sigh and as I washed her hair , her eyes drifted shut .
tr	I	The less she thought , the less she cared , and the more she ran , the less she thought .
tr	I	I jerked away from him , but Ax reached for my hand .
tr	O	I did a quick medical check of his structures , and everything looks fine .
tr	I	I can handle her , and I 'm an anchor .
tr	I	I squeeze them shut and my eyes are flooding .
tr	O	He looked around to be sure , but no , there was no one with her .
tr	O	I shoved him as hard as I could , but of course it didn 't do any good .
tr	O	There was a heavy thump against the door , and then it burst inward as a body barreled through it .
tr	I	They were off and someone blew a horn .
tr	O	They 'd told their stories , and John had confirmed everything .
tr	O	He was much paler than he had been , and beads of perspiration stood out on his brow .
tr	O	She tried to fight , but nothing she did freed her body from these men .
tr	I	They could potentially hear everything that happened inside and the general had left guards outside the tent .
tr	O	It had all the makings of one and yet there he was continuing on .
tr	O	I 'm dying with laughter and I am not quiet about it .
tr	O	He had good looks going for him , and he had worked hard on his speech .
tr	I	I felt my skin burning up , and he stared at me suggestively again .
tr	I	I was anxious to take the chance down the narrow slope and the smell of smoke was becoming more predominant by the second .
tr	O	He needed air in a bad way , but he couldn 't tear himself away .
tr	O	Max might not have had an ounce of self-discipline , but there wasn 't a thing wrong with his wits .
tr	O	I hear the sound of Kayden 's voice as he shouts something and I pick up my pace toward a bridge .
tr	I	The chapel steps danced with colorful ribbons , and the path to the chapel was lined with bouquets .
tr	I	That makes me smile and maybe Anthony is jealous .
tr	O	Being around Owen always left me breathless , and today was no exception .
tr	O	Maggie 'd been the only one who 'd ever come close to creating it , but I 'd understood it the moment I experienced it .
tr	I	He smiled , and a thought moved in his eyes .
tr	O	A white ball of magic heat shot through the right wing of the dragon and it started to bellow once more .
tr	I	I 'm also the only person getting dicked around and I 'm the only link between all these people .
tr	I	Aiden 's eyes lit up the way only a proud grandparent 's did and I placed my baby in his arms .
tr	I	He wondered what she 'd done with it and now his ring was missing from her finger .
tr	O	This honest man , who had confessed all his dark secrets and she trusted .
tr	I	He will answer my prayer , and I know God is faithful .
tr	I	Anyone who has a mind to can watch us get married in the morning , and they 'll party through the night .
tr	I	Though this might make the sailors feel more at home , they were poorly designed for emergency exits and the two grimy windows were more like portholes .
tr	I	Chris made paper airplanes , and Doug cracked bad jokes .
tr	I	I felt our souls connect and his eyes focused on mine .
tr	O	They most certainly thought me extraordinary , but I still didn 't understand why .
tr	O	Chapter 7 Dara My insides knotted up , and I had the overwhelming urge to vomit .
tr	O	The fabric shimmers and I put my hand down to touch it .
tr	I	His arm brushed lightly against hers , and lucius reached above her head .
tr	I	Her heart fell to her toes , and blue flame licked through the metal .
tr	I	What I thought about , feared mostly , was the reaction I 'd receive from my father and the long drive gave me idle time to think .
tr	O	They were trapped again , and they had fewer options .
tr	O	It 's an honor for us to ask and you to accept .
tr	I	She tousled my hair , and I stood beside her .
tr	O	Elise started to move into the room to break up the fight , but Maverick quickly took control , pulling the boys apart .
tr	O	Someone tackled him as he got free , and he was thrown back against the wall .
tr	O	It can 't be over eighty degrees , but it just feels awful .
tr	O	She probably flung it across the room when she jumped out of her skin last night , but it was nowhere to be found now .
tr	O	Then his eyes landed on Romy , and his whole face seemed to light up .
tr	O	He didn 't admit to killing anyone , not at first anyway , but he agreed he must know something .
tr	I	At least the policeman had turned up that morning , but it was a missed opportunity that nagged at him .
tr	I	He 'd kiss her if he looked at her again , but Mari 's gaze was burning a hole on the side of his face .
tr	I	Ian held up his hand , but Spencer started to cry out .
tr	I	Once he reached the exact middle , the Shades on the stage began to swirl , and he hesitantly crossed the stage to the center .
tr	I	I didn 't have enough evidence yet , but I 'd found a few possible places that could be their compounds .
tr	O	At least that 's what a jury thought , but it 's different to know that you 've killed another human being .
tr	O	He softened now , and I could swear his eyes were wet as well .
tr	I	This time , nothing happened , but she threw one more hard punch to her forearm .
tr	O	I wanted to , but I didn 't .
tr	O	He stood up and Mat mimicked .
tr	I	I sucked on it , drawing on it like I would his cock , and he thrust his tongue deep into my mouth .
tr	I	She wanted him to give way , and Heat coursed through her own body .
tr	O	We 're encroaching on their land and that 's it .
tr	I	My dark hair was indeed askew , and there was stubble on my jaw .
tr	I	I didn 't want just that , but her jealousy was flattering .
tr	I	He began and James worked her body drawing out her pleasure until she didn 't have a clue where she ended .
tr	I	The heroes are moving the wrong way , but there is a monster in this room .
tr	I	He did not answer , but the pain that crossed his face gave her short-lived satisfaction .
tr	I	Fen wasn 't about to argue , but that was probably bull .
tr	O	Do not lose the coin or you won 't be able to get back .
tr	I	At the same time , I didn 't like what was happening to me , but I craved him , wanted him .
tr	I	I always will , and I always have .
tr	O	Kelly was still fuming when she arrived at the restaurant , but she made herself smile broadly as she greeted her friends .
tr	I	I just want to be happy , but you can judge me for that .
tr	O	He didn 't know the original title of the music , and he doubted that any robot had composed it .
tr	I	This shook her to her core and she thought she may lose her best friend .
tr	I	We would need to crash soon , and the sun was beginning to set .
tr	I	I 'm not sure if I could make them smile , but I affirm thee that I will not wail if such a thing happened to me .
tr	O	Her degree was in design , and she would be interning this summer at design firm in Austin .
tr	O	He 'd already been through so much this week , with Lina disappearing , and Isis going to the tombs .
tr	O	I assume that they are both far taller than me , and they must be very uncomfortable .
tr	I	She had bought the Nephilim extra coverage , but Lisa couldn 't burn fallen angels to death .
tr	O	She wanted answers and she wanted them now !
tr	O	Ethan already had plans in the works and he almost always got what he wanted given time .
tr	O	It worked for a while , but Edgar caught on to our game .
tr	I	Her friends had met with her and this was the third Sunday Emily .
tr	I	It was sensible to take precautions , but Sophie didn 't think she was in any danger .
tr	I	A circle is perfect and I am a circle .
tr	O	The streets were open in the commercial district and they made good progress .
tr	O	They 'd had no insignia , no names ... just a report , and they were gone again .
tr	I	He would respond with singular interest , hanging on every word no matter how mundane and in those daydreams I was never at a loss for words !
tr	I	He had been allowed to do so and he had insisted on bringing his own scout fighter , instead of a standard fighter , to battle .
tr	O	It tasted so good , and I even dipped a few fries into the milkshake .
tr	I	He didn 't care , but somewhere in the far reaches of his mind , Todd knew they would be found out .
tr	O	He is still hot to touch , but not burning like before .
tr	I	The Church will get a good , faithful abbot , and he 'll be too busy to brood about things .
tr	O	It 's as though we had tolerated the aliens and they now had our permission to leave .
tr	I	At least he 'd received only a mild beating in that one , but he had no real desire to see either of them .
tr	O	I 'd been ignoring it up until now , but seeing that bruise on her face ?
tr	O	He 'd been teasing but she was entirely serious .
tr	O	Matthew went downstairs to the kitchen and Alexis pulled out the video camera .
tr	I	This time , their lustrous color darkened , but as usual , those brightly lit bands slipped from my hands .
tr	O	True , some of the ones they had killed hadn 't been people in the true sense of the word , but they had taken innocent lives .
tr	I	Acting like that might get one into trouble , but he was polite enough to say nothing .
tr	O	He was wired on something and it wasn 't drugs .
tr	I	You do your job and you go to work .
tr	O	I dictated details of the tasks to Felix and he bullet pointed them on the spare paper .
tr	O	She reluctantly handed him over , and I swore Hopper glared at me for depriving him of her attention .
tr	O	Hamish had one more person to serve , and that required a trip to the cellar .
tr	I	The others had met together in the big house and * * * * Back at the compound 35 .
tr	O	It made her a hell of a teacher and the best friend anyone could ask for .
tr	I	I looked away from him , and he stared into my eyes as if asking a question .
tr	I	The room was as still as a crypt , but he was still expecting a flurry of indignant protests .
tr	O	The vampire was cold but Lucien sensed he wasn 't unfeeling .
tr	I	You could hear the wind howling and it was snowing really hard outside .
tr	O	Patti might be right about some things , but she was wrong about Gabe being unreachable .
tr	I	I pushed her , and she was crying .
tr	O	She spotted him at the bar and her smile lit up the room .
tr	I	Jain walked in and he stepped aside .
tr	O	Their stench was in his very lungs , and he was a hunter .
tr	O	The vamp 's mouth was wide open , and you could see his mouthful of fangs .
tr	I	Now we 're cut off , and our whole strength was in coordination .
tr	O	That muscle jumped in his cheek , letting her know he was as sensitive about the subject as ever , but at least he answered .
tr	I	Some message passed between them , and the girls exchanged silent glances .
tr	I	It 's all I can do to contain my fear , and they treat us as livestock , food for the feast .
tr	O	He smiled at me , and my lips automatically curved in response , even as I wondered what he had in store for me , for us .
tr	I	Anything was better than being in that room , but I felt like some rat in an experiment .
tr	O	The ferry wouldn 't arrive for days , and the seaplane hadn 't flown in yet .
tr	O	The cisterns of the house filled , and the freshwater poured into the mikvah .
tr	I	They were always within arm 's reach , but I didn 't even know her name .
tr	O	It was a Christian group , and I accepted Christ that night .
tr	I	His boss would go ape shit or he 'd have to kick in some of his own .
tr	O	His beautiful features marred by his immeasurable sadness and his eyes are vacant , reminding me of a desolate wasteland .
tr	O	I 've laughed in the face of overwhelming odds before , but nobody 's laughing now .
tr	O	I raised my own to shoot him but the first boy pitched forward for me .
tr	I	I have just enough time to pull her head closer to mine but her body goes limp .
tr	I	I thought I knew them all , and I 've never heard of that team .
tr	I	Hoping for some type of revelation , but my eyes search his knowing he cannot give me an answer .
tr	O	I quickened my pace , but with every step I took , the body under the tree moved farther away .
tr	O	he repeated and we nodded .
tr	I	She was looking at a thin man about her same height , and an instant later the door opened swiftly .
tr	I	That is silent , too , but eventually I am given dinner .
tr	I	It was only my second day on the job , and this was shaping up to be the worst day ever .
tr	I	I could feel my pulse had picked up , and I suspected that it was sweaty .
tr	I	For a moment , I couldn 't speak , and my gut squeezed , horribly .
tr	O	He had so much to say in response to his critics , but no one wanted to listen .
tr	O	It was her friend 's turn to chime in , and she did so with a little giggle .
tr	O	It took several moments , but the rifle shots finally quit zipping towards them .
tr	O	I was guessing , but Ray said it was on the third floor .
tr	O	Okay , so she 's a friend , and I shouldn 't be telling her these things .
tr	I	Her eyes seemed to instinctively dart to his mouth , and he moved forward a bit , hesitantly , gauging her reaction .
tr	O	His hands worked like mad to stop the flow , and Julie crawled back to Ethan .
tr	O	It was an ineffective style , and I avoided his strikes easily .
tr	O	His voice was calm and he seemed more relaxed .
tr	I	I didn 't take notice , but some looked at me funny .
tr	O	He didn 't think she had been in his car to steal , but he thought that one could never tell with the mentally ill .
tr	I	He whipped around to see most everyone running outside , heading into the woods , and a commotion next door startled him .
tr	O	He took his arm and once again there was no hanging back in that firm grip .
tr	I	He 's hanging in there , but the doctors couldn 't believe he was still alive .
tr	I	You 're asked no questions , and you don 't ask questions .
tr	O	Claire had thought Morganville was bad , but this -- this was beyond bad .
tr	I	She seemed to hear me , but for some reason , my frantic words made no sound .
tr	O	I wasn 't one-hundred percent healed , but I was feeling much better .
tr	O	I stared at her and she looked right back at me .
tr	O	My shock at being embraced by Pen falls away , and I wrap my arms around her , holding her tight .
tr	O	The fog hid the location of the fight , but they were both certain it was coming from the south .
tr	O	A low knock sounded at the door and we pulled apart abruptly .
tr	O	The kids keep me on my toes , and I refuse to hire a nanny .
tr	I	Some guy hacked off her hair while she was passed out so it barely touches her chin and she 's not wearing shoes .
tr	O	The green canopy gave way to patches of orange , yellow , and brown as the leaves had turned color with the changing season .
tr	I	The drive still took a few minutes , but Traffic wasn 't bad .
tr	I	Mac put the glasses on him , and Sneed laid down on the couch .
tr	I	Then I quickly frown , but I smile like a stupid idiot .
tr	I	Some looked ready to flee , and all of them looked uneasily at me .
tr	I	I opened mine to take her spot and she opened her door .
tr	I	Once you find what you 're looking for , meet us at Rockaway Point , and don 't tell anyone .
tr	O	My mother then directed Mr. Fitzgibbon 's attention toward another part of the garden , and they moved out of my sight .
tr	O	Too many people are packed behind steel barriers , and none of them are doing anything .
tr	O	Gregori was standing within striking distance of Mikhail , but there were others .
tr	I	My family never asked , and I never spoke about it .
tr	O	The other man 's horse shied at a leaf , and for a moment , he tended to the reins .
tr	O	Let 's just say I 'm no specialist on hauntings and I never want to be .
tr	O	It hadn 't gone well , and she hadn 't gone back .
tr	I	Even I couldn 't , and Dance saved me in ways my parents , doctors .
tr	O	Her eyes jerked back to his and Callum saw stark terror mixed with her grief .
tr	O	She bounced on the spot for a moment , and I imagined her original hair bouncing on her shoulders .
tr	O	The years had been good to him and he looked healthier now than he had that first day at her father 's pool party .
tr	O	You want to learn to read and I 'm going to help you .
tr	I	I block out his existence , but the handler starts upending my pockets , roughly searching for The Treatment .
tr	O	I wanted , right then , to point out that I wasn 't actually her boyfriend , but it seemed out of place .
tr	O	He almost brought me down out of sheer surprise , but in the end , I held my ground .
tr	I	We reported to him on all our cases , and he was the one who backed Gerald 's paranormal investigation business .
tr	I	He pulled back , and her stomach growled .
tr	O	He shivered under my touch , but he didn 't pull away .
tr	O	My mother passed away , and my grandmother told me that she was protecting me .
tr	I	We did it in a metal box , and we are apparently the only thing that survived this long after whatever happened .
tr	O	They don 't and I admit to being one of them !
tr	O	This city 's people might not be his sister 's subjects , but he would not see them taken advantage of by his troops .
tr	O	They had been walking on thin ice for a long time now , and the whole drama was about to come to its final conclusion .
tr	I	They know what to do and our adults share knowledge with them .
tr	O	I don 't really do much in the way of fine arts myself , but I like that world .
tr	O	He opened the door and she stepped into his embrace .
tr	I	Lately it had come leaking out a little , but for Claire 's sake , I 'd hidden a lot of what I felt about her boss .
tr	I	I edged around her and my tone was rising .
tr	I	I felt myself relax slightly , and the familiar taste was comforting .
tr	O	For days in a row they continued in this way , and slowly they discovered each other .
tr	I	Neither man can bridge the gap now - but the raw wound of a broken relationship is still sore for both of them .
tr	I	You have provided your children with a home and you are reconnecting with Jeff .
tr	O	Perhaps it was because he didn 't wish to draw attention to them , but now Voss walked more slowly along the street .
tr	I	I returned the pressure and she squeezed my hand .
tr	O	Her spine stiffened , and she looked up at the animals in the canopy .
tr	I	My hand was shaking furiously , but I tried to hold the needle upright .
tr	I	The people in the next unit might but I don 't think Harvey knows .
tr	I	I don 't care for it and Ethan 's never been so blunt .
tr	I	Some instinct cautioned me against lying this time and I regarded Mage 's shrewd , hawkish eyes .
tr	I	She kissed him and she smiled .
tr	I	Then Claire felt the statue shake as something leaped on top , and a shadow flashed by them , barely visible in the moonlight .
tr	I	I shoot her a look over my shoulder , warning her to keep her mouth shut and Lila asks way too loud .
tr	I	We won 't , and I know you don 't want to talk about it .
tr	O	The King possessed a hearty appetite , but he never ate in the morning .
tr	O	The nerves abated slowly as he pulled out onto the freeway and we cruised smoothly through the night towards the airport .
tr	O	I 'm relieved when my mom gets home with groceries , and I help her unpack them , thankful for the distraction .
tr	O	Saber opened her mouth to reply , but then his words really penetrated .
tr	O	One had once been his room , and the other belonged to his sister .
tr	O	She wasn 't completely steady on her feet , but with a wall nearby , she 'd be fine .
tr	I	He seemed shocked as hell , and I yanked my wrist away .
tr	I	Then , miraculously , it begins to fade , but it is all I can do not to scream .
tr	O	He would still go away , and she would still left behind in Rehoboth instead of living her big city dreams , taking care of her mother .
tr	I	It was too late , but Aden tried to rise .
tr	I	A policeman poked his head round and there was a knock on the stateroom door .
tr	I	We both fell into the water , and I gave his arm a light yank , lost my balance .
tr	O	Two bandits dead in the attack , one died on the trail , and one killed in the heat of battle .
tr	I	Soon , I saw him clearly enough , but it took a moment .
tr	O	Clint had a spark of hope , but it was squashed by Edward immediately .
tr	I	I pressed on , determined to warm them up with mine , but they were cool , like she 'd been eating something cold .
tr	O	He already knew this , but in the sudden flurry , he didn 't have the necessary pause to do a full banishing .
tr	I	It was nothing like this , but he was a big bear of a man like me .
tr	I	I wanted him on my terms ... but Ax was all I 'd ever wanted .
tr	O	Rio hopped into the back a moment later , and the doors shut behind him .
tr	I	Then the metal door opens , and I hear a big screech .
tr	I	She was sort of dreading making her way back into the room , but the poker game she was supposed to be serving was ahead of her .
tr	I	My nerves once again settled and the suffocating sensation of choking passed .
tr	O	I just got a phone call from Lillian Bray , and she explained it all .
tr	O	One was a Tractor and one was a Mustang .
tr	O	Garrett had looped his arm around Sarah , pulling her into his side , and he was quick to alleviate the worry in the women 's eyes .
tr	I	They weren 't sad ones , exactly but I felt tears stinging my eyes .
tr	O	He was shorter than me , wiry to the point of being gaunt and I guessed he was younger than me by at least a decade .
tr	O	They were cute together , but it was a bit weird to think of my parents as married .
tr	I	Her fingertips began to glow and a low chanting erupted from her lips .
tr	I	The area was deserted , but I checked to make sure there weren 't any giants lurking around .
tr	I	He didn 't really care now , and Simon hadn 't noticed it before .
tr	O	He didn 't speak , but I had my answer .
tr	I	We 'll choose the best and you guys do the same .
tr	I	Tears wouldn 't come , but she wanted to cry .
tr	O	She either gets help , or she gets dead .
tr	O	Adam did not like the idea of leaving women to their fate ... but Drusilla insisted that rescuing the Priestess Muriel the Enlightened was too important .
tr	O	A few windows lined one wall , but all of them were covered in privacy film .
tr	I	He knew the chances of that were next to nothing , but he wanted to be able to share affection with someone .
tr	O	Practicality won and he let out a breath .
tr	O	she whispers and a relieved laugh puffs from my mouth .
tr	I	A few minutes later , Elizabeth appeared , and the matron returned to her desk .
tr	O	, then his shoulders relaxed with a sigh and he walked over to Colton .
tr	I	It sometimes happened , but they rarely took a man so suddenly .
tr	O	It didn 't even seem to be bothering her at the moment , but I couldn 't really blame her .
tr	I	I was doing my best to rock a fussing Declan while belted into my seat , and our plane was descending into Los Angeles .
tr	I	I didn 't know it was actually working now until you screamed , but I mean I knew I could do that before .
tr	O	He glanced toward the fire , but it was out now .
tr	I	She accepted the offer , but Cassidy saw that the young woman was miserable .
tr	O	She knew the answers to all of these but she wasn 't going to stop until I gave in .
tr	I	My jaw hurt too damn bad but I tried to laugh .
tr	I	Connor followed and Takeo entered .
tr	O	I hadn 't even slept with him yet , but here I was , giving myself to Brandon .
tr	I	Wayne Brockman had been killed during the rescue , but the girl was unharmed .
tr	O	His hands gripped her firmly around the waist as she tried to regain balance , and the touch melted the anxiety away .
tr	I	Finally the good Doctor announced that it was time to get to work on the startup and Progress was encouraging .
tr	I	It wouldn 't be anything close to what the house was actually worth , but they 'd still have to pay rent .
tr	I	Laura knew that his looks were just another of the many weapons that Dirk had mastered over the years , and he oozed sex appeal .
tr	I	What she 'd done to Josh 's truck had to be reckoned with , but maybe her craving for a cigarette would pass .
tr	O	I was sore after my time with Declan , but there was something here that I really liked .
tr	I	A full premonition of something to come , but this was not one of her fleeting glimpses of the future either .
tr	O	His hands were gnarled , and his knuckles protruded from the sallow , waxy skin .
tr	O	Not a single one of them would finger Corrado directly , but there was enough to loosely link him to the crimes .
tr	O	I take the card , but my decision is already made .
tr	O	I offered her an out , but she wanted to stay there .
tr	I	That much blood loss had made me weak and I can barely see now with all that beating .
tr	O	They brought my three bags out and I dragged them away .
tr	I	He was old , but he wished to avenge his sons ' death .
tr	O	His back was rigid with determination , and no doubt his mind was ticking through ways to get past her resistance .
tr	O	Stone hooked his thumbs in his belt , but he didn 't move .
tr	I	He ignored me , scratching at the bottom of the door that led into the Plumeria room , but I tried to shush him .
tr	I	He gave it to you and that was his personal power .
tr	O	I know it was silly , but it made me feel better .
tr	O	Mitchell suddenly realized that he wanted to explain things , but he didn 't know how to go about it .
tr	O	They shielded their eyes and Genie was forced to deactivate her spell .
tr	I	She lowered her eyes and Missy 's smile faded .
tr	I	Hopefully Trajan will overlook it if I 'm not , but I don 't know if I 'm doing it right .
tr	I	She shoved herself away , breaking contact and a look of horror crossed her face .
tr	I	Then a whoosh as a ring of flames suddenly exploded to life , and it was followed by a click click click .
tr	O	I had tears running down my face , and Chow was looking uneasy .
tr	O	I try to open my eyes , and it takes a ton of effort .
tr	I	We prayed together , and then I rose .
tr	O	It was the last leg of the journey , and he was close , so very close .
tr	I	She turned her head , but his lips brushed her cheek .
tr	O	She wasn 't in there when Liam did his scan , but she is now .
tr	I	For every other person he could help , and he was doing it for Liz , for the people there today .
tr	I	She felt more tormented than ever , but the voices might still be gone .
tr	I	I really didn 't get it , but I 'm glad he appealed to her in some odd way .
tr	O	His hand offered me a promise of adventures to come , and I accepted .
tr	O	Lord Quinn 's eyes widened and the entire room fell silent .
tr	I	He 'd come home to a polite greeting from his wife and T was as if nothing amiss had occurred during his absence .
tr	O	The story is the same , but he left out a lot of key information .
tr	I	They believe they are possibly other members of Henry Meyer 's family , but the other three bodies they have no idea who they could be .
tr	I	Bax seemed to be intentionally keeping himself in the way , but Matthew tried to get a look at the figure on the ground .
tr	O	Yes , Skyler confessed to being here four months now , but Morgan was dead .
tr	I	He didn 't catch sight of his partner anywhere , but Ty strolled into the lobby , expecting Zane to be waiting for him .
tr	I	I was just exhausted , but it wasn 't a thriller .
tr	O	He didn 't know why the hell he felt guilty , but he did .
tr	O	She adored the artsy stuff , and while David pretended to protest at its sprawling all over the house , he didn 't really mind .
tr	O	She 's got me fucking worried , but I attempt to remain calm as I reach her .
tr	O	He went on to apologise , saying that there had been an error , and they would perform a re-test .
tr	O	I don 't remember well , but I do remember that hit just now .
tr	I	The night 's going , and the Moon 's gone .
tr	I	He 'd always treated her well , and there had been no promises made .
tr	I	I didn 't turn to see who it was , but a soft knock on the door startled me .
tr	I	Somehow she knew it had nothing to do with his arm and he winced .
tr	I	Renna sank back onto her heels , and the safe opened with a click .
tr	I	Cleon wetted his lips in anticipation , and a knock sounded on his door .
tr	I	She wouldn 't rest easy until she actually saw them in my hands , but I already owned a lot of them .
tr	I	It was the place that their military efforts originated from , and it was a large room , maps lining three of its four walls .
tr	O	I had been in combat mode since this morning and in fact , had never come out of it .
tr	I	Then she remembered what he 'd told her about where he 'd come from , but for a moment she thought he was kidding .
tr	I	She stared , and it was clear from Zoe 's expression that she had not actually seen such a weapon before .
tr	I	His imagination was working overtime , and he had always been a little claustrophobic , which had prevented him from considering the submarine service .
tr	I	I was not interested , but he was very handsome .
tr	I	I once tried to check time cards , but their scientists work in the large installations .
tr	I	At last he nodded shortly , but a low growl escaped him .
tr	I	She could feel the beat of his heart through both their T-shirts and their bodies lay neatly aligned .
tr	O	We talked a little more , but before we hung up Tasha circled back .
tr	I	He 'd been assured it was going to go fast despite a hefty price tag and the agent had been thrilled with the listing .
tr	I	None answered her question , and none of them looked directly at Lisa .
tr	I	I 'll be in York at tea time , and I 've been abroad , just got back .
tr	O	You 're a wanted woman in England , and there is a reward out for you .
tr	I	He pulls me into him as he returns my kiss with even more intensity than before and his hands wrap around my waist .
tr	I	By the time he found me it was too late , and I was the one that got away .
tr	O	I got five percent and he made the sale .
tr	O	He thought she might hang up in a huff , but she didn 't .
tr	I	In truth I couldn 't slow down enough for her to catch me , but she caught me all right .
tr	O	You sure are your father 's son and I couldn 't be more proud of you .
tr	I	Everyone extends a chronometer hand to touch it , and Mr. Cameron has provided a stool to set it on .
tr	O	Della made a little hiccup noise , and Kylie realized that the vamp was crying .
tr	I	Then he stamped his signature with a blue seal of the agency , and a bureaucrat completed a form , signed it at the bottom .
tr	O	I was barely whispering now , but somehow he heard me anyway .
tr	O	Lucas helped take care of me , but it was my choice .
tr	I	She looks like any other baby doll and take her out of the box .
tr	I	He was the end and I was the beginning .
tr	O	He drops the keys , and they clank against the floor .
tr	I	For the most part , I let myself be carried along uncaring , but the occasional jarring would rouse me .
tr	I	His hand reaches for me , and his eyes fix on mine .
tr	O	All the stories Leo grew up with about Orion , about legendary beasts , and his knowledge of celestial signs swirled in the islander 's head .
tr	O	Shiv assures her that he has the money and she can buy anything she wants .
tr	O	I cut my attention in his direction , and eyes so much like Aly 's stared back at me .
tr	O	It was as if I was a part of her that had been denied her and she wanted it back .
tr	I	Aria 's Subaru gunned up the hill , and headlights appeared above the crest .
tr	O	Now they 're going to have another baby and Mr. Garrett won 't be able to work !
tr	I	She looks helplessly lost for the first time since I met her and she catches my gaze .
tr	O	I cringed inwardly as Kirk 's smile dissolved , and he met my words with an awkward nod .
tr	I	I froze and she whispered .
tr	O	Henry tugged at the chains again , but his blank expression didn 't change .
tr	I	They could still make it , but the shuttlecraft would be leaving at any moment .
tr	I	It isn 't easily accessible to the other classes and we would need to get the key because it 'll be locked up for the night .
tr	O	With all those rolls of fat he could have hidden an arsenal on his body and we would never have known .
tr	I	For the most part the halls were empty , but I passed a few people on the way .
tr	I	That didn 't diminish the excitement of the evening , but this time there was no contest .
tr	I	He will try to interrupt our operations , and he now knows of your presence .
tr	O	They fled , and we heard the door close behind them .
tr	I	I had enough on my mind to sort through , and the silence left me plenty of time to think .
tr	I	I couldn 't see anything except the blackness of night but I peered out the window .
tr	I	I wasn 't convinced for a second , but I don 't know about anyone else .
tr	I	Kim would be ignorant of his true intentions , but there was time to explain the idea to Julie .
tr	I	Once I do , I see his pen freeze while writing but I didn 't mean to say that one .
tr	O	The talking stopped , and Hank stomped by me , in the center of the road , a bag slung over his shoulder .
tr	I	I return with the scent of another woman on me , and it is a natural conclusion when you wake alone .
tr	O	The early morning air was cool and a shiver went down her spine .
tr	O	They focused on me , and now I couldn 't be entirely sure that I didn 't pee myself .
tr	O	I told him about how I 've lost something , and he said , ' Be lucky you can find it .
tr	O	He circled the table slowly and precisely , then took several deep breaths .
tr	I	Waiting , and watching .
tr	O	Liz 's eyes fell on Logan and her hand caught Simon 's attention .
tr	O	Jazz parted her lips to fire off a response , but nothing came to mind .
tr	I	His brow furrowed in confusion , and I struggled in his arms .
tr	I	I can endure nothing without you ... and I could endure anything for you .
tr	O	He reached a hand out and she put hers into it .
tr	I	Breakfast was served , and Day 11 Morning came quickly .
tr	I	Nisha looked away but Emma caught her eye .
tr	I	It took a lot to scare Madison , and he scared the hell out of Madison .
tr	O	She hadn 't exactly seen me , but she 'd known I was there .
tr	I	The second one pulls up my dress , and I started to scream .
tr	O	The chief couldn 't force her to give him the knife without losing face , and he couldn 't just take it from her .
tr	O	Tessie came out of it first so she looked around and things appeared different than when she climbed into bed .
tr	O	he asked , but I could tell he already knew .
tr	O	Mat took his hand off and that made Steven feel better .
tr	I	I can 't be totally certain because it doesn 't sound quite human , but I 'm pretty sure it 's me .
tr	O	Her head started to spin and her knees actually went weak .
tr	O	I guess I was crying and the words came out shaking .
tr	O	Even her hands were red and it smelled like blood everywhere .
tr	O	He was growing stronger by the second , but he did not admit it .
tr	I	The pages which she knew contained Isis ' spell , were missing , but she began pouring through it to find anything related to her predicament .
tr	I	It 's what 's expected from them or they settle because they think they need to .
tr	I	This time my heart picked up speed , and his eyes again went to my lips .
tr	O	Kindness had emitted from him toward everyone , and his science students had adored him .
tr	I	The feeling of disquiet grew and my heart began to pound .
tr	I	Sylvia was arrested for receiving smuggled livestock , and both birds have been put into quarantine as they appear to be ill .
tr	I	The expression on her face betrayed her , but she tried to hide the surprise .
tr	O	He is about six feet tall , very big , and wearing a very heavy jacket that you could probably stay warm in ice cold water in .
tr	O	I tried to set her down , but I had to sit with her , so she ended up on my lap , like a child .
tr	I	I could tell she was putting on a face for me , but her lips were drawn into a smile .
tr	O	It was quarter to eight , and there was hardly any light left in the sky .
tr	O	Her affair with a U.S. Senator wasn 't exactly a secret , but it might not attract the vultures if she kept a low profile .
tr	I	He 's been in this job for nigh on two years now , but he was Solicitor General one time , right enough .
tr	I	She danced backwards out of his reach , but Ashley saw a meaty arm swing for her .
tr	I	He looked at it as he ordered a coffee , and there was a sandwich menu .
tr	I	He was having a hard time of it , but each was no taller than Goodspeed 's knees .
tr	I	Until now the lifestyle had suited him fine , but Mike hadn 't been determined to remain a bachelor .
tr	I	We all laughed and I quipped .
tr	O	Her nails found his back this time and each scrape hardened him one degree more .
tr	O	I know that sounds crazy , but I awoke to hearing them .
tr	O	I entered through the doors and he fell in behind me .
tr	I	I 'm sure I sounded more like an elephant , but I used my sultry voice while batting my eyelashes .
tr	O	That seemed to satisfy Nick , and he helped carry the Lamia towards the van .
tr	I	Then revenge would be his , and with that information he could begin to form his plan .
tr	O	He had thought about following him but that would be unwise .
tr	O	I slid behind the wheel and Claire got in beside me .
tr	O	There were cries of relief , joy from the kobolds around me , and I joined in wholeheartedly .
tr	I	My mouth is dry and the sun is relentless .
tr	O	She didn 't have any make-up on , but she rarely wore make-up .
tr	O	I hadn 't known how to reply to Woods 's advice , but it wouldn 't stop replaying in my head .
tr	O	I feel angry , small , stupid and his calm confidence is unnerving me .
tr	O	Iona had no awareness of anything but him solidly inside her , the point where her existence began .
tr	I	She ignored it , but a dull shard of dread hit her in the chest .
tr	O	They 'd been old enough to take care of themselves and Chase hadn 't had to deal with their toddler years .
tr	O	There was a knock at the door , and then her mother peeked inside .
tr	O	Its long ears twitched and it let out an offensive snort , which sounded more like a donkey 's bray than the proud whinny of a horse .
tr	I	Peggy 's Cove sounded boring , and I 'd never get to the ranch with Kim .
tr	I	I like them , but they 're rough .
tr	O	Hands shook me , and I sat up .
tr	O	His pulse seemed to steady momentarily , but then it began to flutter again .
tr	I	Then said what I was thinking , but I hesitated , feeling adrenaline pulsing through my veins .
tr	O	I looked Calvin in the eyes and it was evident that he was contemplating his next move .
tr	I	I wisely decided to limit my curiosity to that of a purely investigative nature , but it was almost enough to make me a tiny bit curious .
tr	I	He moaned into my lips , and my hand ran along the smoothness .
tr	O	I couldn 't believe how many there were , and worse yet , they all looked like me .
tr	O	My heart was beating too fast , and I struggled to collect my thoughts .
tr	I	The plainclothes cop , who was standing behind him , scowled , and Ralston grunted .
tr	O	He stood there for a while gaping at her and she sat there without looking at anything .
tr	O	My voice wasn 't loud enough to travel to the first level , but Bex could hear , regardless .
tr	O	I didn 't ask to go home , but I doubt they would have let me .
tr	I	I wouldn 't cross her , but Raegan was a great friend .
tr	I	There were the faint outlines of booted footprints , but Death left no tracks .
tr	I	He looked pretty damn strong and that man was stronger than he looked .
tr	I	Someone might just find her asleep in a corner somewhere or if she had to she would make up odd jobs .
tr	O	It was Patrick , and here 's how he looked the first time I saw him .
tr	I	The pieces finally came together , and Henry remembered what the man had called her earlier .
tr	O	It was the plan and it worked .
tr	O	It spooked the mare slightly and she sidestepped in protest .
tr	O	She wanted to scream but the sound never came .
tr	O	I shut the door and he starts to laugh .
tr	O	She knew he was trying to draw a smile out of her , but she was too weak to smile .
tr	I	Colin groaned and their solitude had officially ended .
tr	O	being one such example ) but David kept these to himself .
tr	O	Lennox walks towards me and I back farther away .
tr	I	More than that , you have always been my one true love , but you are my wife .
tr	O	This time Michael Pitt was copilot , and Bob had released the shuttle at 54,000 feet , a record for the whole team .
tr	O	He felt the cold hard metal of handcuffs clasp much too tightly around his wrists and he was dragged to his feet .
tr	O	She wore another one of those guilty looks , and Maureen guessed that she was talking long distance to Paula .
tr	I	I spoke over him , but he tried to respond , looking angry .
tr	I	Helen seems to carry herself well , but I can smell the faint scent of alcohol in the hall .
tr	O	This man , this traditional southern gentleman , was close to tears and she had no idea what to do to help him .
tr	I	Ours was the first , but there were others later .
tr	O	She bumped into my shoulder that was already sore as shit and I cursed , loud , scaring the hell out of her .
tr	O	She smiles a really sneaky smile and I groan .
tr	I	In a panicked moment I fear for James ' life and I 'm afraid to consider the answers to my own questions .
tr	O	I felt ill , but the words escaped me before I could stop them .
tr	I	He was snapped forward again , his arms almost wrenched from their sockets and the thread grew taut .
tr	I	She clutched her chest , and misery twisted her face .
tr	O	After a while I drifted off but at four my own traitorous bladder woke me .
tr	O	The rope was pulled tight and her body swung into the air .
tr	O	She 'd gotten her distraction , and then she 'd left him .
tr	I	Jasmine poked at Jack , and she gazed at Jasmine .
tr	I	Now she was worried silly that something had happened to him , and she had gone from irritation , to anger , to anxiety .
tr	I	It isn 't the same over the phone and I needed to talk to you .
tr	O	I knew what needed to be done now , and it wouldn 't be much fun for me .
tr	O	She had always healed fast , ever since she was a little girl , and she had never been sick .
tr	I	He swerved to avoid hitting the vehicle and the car ahead of them made a sudden stop .
tr	O	Giving comfort was new to him , and he prayed he did it correctly .
tr	O	Noah had never once expressed any concern about his fight , but then I never gave him the chance .
tr	I	This escape attempt would require great endurance , but she 'd created a brace to keep it from failing under normal circumstances .
tr	I	We couldn 't care for her properly any more , but it 's about an hour 's drive .
tr	O	Jane started to type , but Sebastian took over again .
tr	O	I didn 't want it , but I couldn 't help myself .
tr	I	I was shunted away home , but I wanted to comfort you there .
tr	O	Fun moved to boredom and I wanted more fun .
tr	I	Finally she got an answer and the phone rang several times .
tr	I	It wasn 't allowed to attract anyone 's attention , but of course , he could use his special skills .
tr	O	Clearly my outbursts are growing on him -- or he understands .
tr	I	I didn 't want to stick around to find out , but I had no idea what he was going to sing .
tr	I	He was smart enough to keep his annoyance to himself , but Anger sizzled through the cur 's hazel eyes .
tr	I	He stumbled , and it impacted his ankle .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell you what his ordinary facial expression really meant , but I can 't say the goblin looked pleased to see us .
tr	I	Every corner was cleverly used , and the ship was small .
tr	O	We had a bear hug and we came back to home .
tr	I	She ducked inside and he opened the door .
tr	O	She bowed her head for a moment , and everyone leaned forward a little more , completely captivated .
tr	O	He clasped his arms round her neck , and they kissed each other .
tr	O	That had been long ago , but the memory of defying her mother still gave her a glow .
tr	I	He wasn 't surprised when human soldiers stepped into view and they waited .
tr	O	The drunkard reached out feebly for the needed whisky and she let him have it alright ... right upside the head .
tr	I	I turned to make a clean getaway , and Abbot left us in the hallway .
tr	O	She didn 't know how she was going to manage to save them , much less herself , but she wasn 't going to give up yet .
tr	O	They were just thinking about hanging out but they wanted to see what we were doing .
tr	O	He didn 't even say good-bye before Gretchen and I left for the airport .
tr	O	There 's nobody here go away shouted Adriana , but the knocking persisted .
tr	I	We both fall onto the small hammock suspended between two poles and as he turns to me , I throw myself at him .
tr	O	It sounded like a truck , and it was moving fast .
tr	I	We were ushered into the back card room and it was just after two before our name was finally called .
tr	I	I stare at the numbers on my phone , and she leaves .
tr	I	She didn 't hand it to Jaiden , but when she was finished she closed the notebook .
tr	I	That wasn 't about to change while he spent most of his life overseas , and Tammy Haynes was her own person .
tr	I	From the afterlife she had learned a great deal , and she had seen him when she was a spirit .
tr	I	She 'd see them , and they 'd come down .
tr	O	There was a small puff of flame and red embers fell from the brown stub .
tr	O	I know it doesn 't taste like it , but there 's a lot of alcohol in there .
tr	I	Her legs were sore , and Rema 's back ached .
tr	O	Her face was distorted through two visors but I saw she meant it .
tr	I	I smiled , and my eyes narrowed on her .
tr	I	They were vaguely on the same side , but they weren 't exactly a real team .
tr	I	He didn 't care , but Raja was lucky not to get pulled over .
tr	O	I wanted to assure him , but I didn 't know how to .
tr	I	There just wasn 't enough room , but I tried to cross my arms .
tr	O	I don 't mean that it wouldn 't be epistemology , but I 'd come at the issues from a different perspective than Barrett would have .
tr	I	I unashamedly needed more proof , but I really wanted to believe Thorne .
tr	I	You 'll go after Haidar , and I 'll open up to Ayman .
tr	O	I turn a questioning glance at him , wondering at his haste , but his face is impassive .
tr	O	He was suffering , and she 'd been too sated to notice .
tr	O	Yu want to kill me , but dere are others .
tr	O	His steps faltered just slightly when his gaze locked on Riley , but then he continued over , walking a little faster than before .
tr	O	I was busy scanning the horizon , but I saw nothing .
tr	O	Adela 's thoughts went back to love and the emotions involved .
tr	O	The water was a good thirty feet below them , and yet Rachel could still feel the heat rising off the water .
tr	I	Younger prisoners often have the most difficulties , and he was very young , of course .
tr	I	She loved even those qualities , but her husband was a dominant , hardheaded alpha male .
tr	I	She 's too fast but he grabs for her .
tr	I	I could do nothing to pull it out and my foot slipped into the space between two broken boards .
tr	O	I had big plans for us , and I was looking forward to all the things we were going to do together as he got older .
tr	O	I know exactly who you are , Kitty Doe , and I know exactly what you 're worth to me .
tr	I	His smile is the first clue that my luck might be changing and the doctor bursts through the door .
tr	O	I was damn proud to have her on my arm , but I also didn 't want anyone else looking at her .
tr	I	I still need him to try to attack me , but I see the frustration building inside of him .
tr	O	Mack stepped out of the way and Tom landed heavily , jarring his ankle .
tr	O	I 'd tried asking about that , but he wouldn 't discuss it any further .
tr	I	Gore leaked down over the keys , and Blood jetted across the white lid .
tr	I	He groaned low in his throat , and her fingers tucked inside his boxers .
tr	O	Sebastian wasn 't pleased , and his scowl darkened .
tr	I	She was immediately suspicious , and he introduced himself awkwardly .
tr	O	The accent was very good , but it wasn 't quite American .
tr	O	They had the capacity to help us , languishing in our factions , but instead they let us fall apart .
tr	I	He wasn 't from Adamant , and he was older than me .
tr	O	I felt Lucky approaching before she spoke , and I turned to look at her slowly .
tr	O	He was doing everything in his power to sway this girl , and it wasn 't working .
tr	I	It was better than the parking lot , but it wasn 't the most romantic place .
tr	O	She hadn 't so much as stirred , and he hadn 't been quiet when he 'd come into the chamber .
tr	I	Alex frowned , and you just focus on ... A soft sob from outside the shelter .
tr	I	There 's a familiar figure there that captures me , and my eyes go to his ink again .
tr	I	He just couldn 't sleep but Alejo closed his eyes .
tr	I	The whole idea of him picking out my panties is amusing me , but I try to keep a straight face .
tr	O	The whole affair was starting to frighten me and there were two more pages to copy .
tr	O	I nodded against her chest , but I really couldn 't even begin to think about anything at that moment , much less make life decisions .
tr	O	Doug is staring at Baldwin and Baldwin is staring into space .
tr	I	His rough hands find me , and I stumble forward .
tr	I	My breaths came irregularly , just watching and my heart rate spiked .
tr	I	I didn 't try to stop them , but tears started to slide down my face .
tr	O	The screams have stopped , and in their absence my name has rebounded , startling in its proximity .
tr	O	Bobo didn 't struggle , and he didn 't protest .
tr	O	Juliette would help with her healing skills , strengthened by Riordan , but he knew the two women were a tremendous influence on Juliette .
tr	O	I 've always loved you as a sister , and I know you have reason to be angry .
tr	O	She hadn 't thought about her parents , but now it flooded in with a vengeance .
tr	I	I worked there during the day and we found a university lab where I could manufacture the filament .
tr	I	I could tell he was pissed but he gave me a tolerant look .
tr	I	I started to panic and he didn 't move .
tr	I	His injuries weakened him , but Xavier didn 't break a sweat .
tr	I	Becca pulled her close with her free arm and she leaned her head into Becca 's chest .
tr	O	I shout back at him and he gives me a rebellious smile at me .
tr	I	It pierces my heart , and the confusion in his voice reminds me of when he was a young boy .
tr	I	I might have exaggerated their severity , and I might have mentioned the hallucinations .
tr	I	They laughed when he laughed and his dark eyes were expressive .
tr	I	There was nothing I could say , but I wanted to help him .
tr	I	This drove him on , with at least some idea of direction , and as he scrambled to the top he heard the dog once more .
tr	O	The last few passengers ducked aboard , and still , we remained .
tr	O	This was his life and he 'd better get used to it .
tr	O	He could see the ring beyond and the mid-level jumps he 'd struggled to put together while she 'd been gone .
tr	O	Something wasn 't adding up and he didn 't like it .
tr	O	We had been instructed to move quickly down the line since many more guests had to be introduced , but Claude would have none of it .
tr	O	The sound of her laughter was infectious , and Jason roared with amusement .
tr	I	I like that one the best , but I have other versions of it .
tr	I	You find out it doesn 't matter , but you think that was what you wanted all along .
tr	O	I didn 't want to deliberately invade Anne 's private thoughts , and I was also reluctant to think too badly of Cara .
tr	I	Mom was in there supervising , and Clean up was kind of a pain , since there was grease everywhere .
tr	I	Lexi crossed her arms , frustrated , and then reality crashed in .
tr	O	They were the enemy and the court was the battleground .
tr	I	He lay on the ground , sobbing uncontrollably , and he fell out of his chair when she finally released him .
tr	I	After a shower Jesse set off for the office , and they had some breakfast .
tr	O	It was a bloody massacre , and they were rarely talked about it .
tr	O	The wood of the outside banister had been lovingly refinished and there was a rope handrail against the opposite wall , leading upstairs .
tr	I	It reflected blue in the dim light , and his hair was dark , the color of obsidian .
tr	O	Everyone was relieved , and Pippa invited her to come stay at her house so that she could get to know her brother again .
tr	O	I wanted to laugh , but my voice came out a croak .
tr	I	She refused , but Julian tried to push Penelope out of the way .
tr	I	It 's your fault because you couldn 't handle reality and your dad 's dead .
tr	O	Blake stood uncomfortably close to us , and I tried to suppress a shiver .
tr	I	They asked if they could stay the night and the rich man was a nice person .
tr	O	Of course she wanted to keep her girl friends , but at the same time , she really liked Brian .
tr	I	I cut him off , but he opened his mouth to say something .
tr	I	His political downfall shot him to power within the Faith , but he was a relatively high member while a minister .
tr	O	Zane was standing behind him , and they wore matching frowns .
tr	O	The skinhead kept looking our direction , and it was making me nervous .
tr	I	He took a huge breath , and his little piggy eyes widened .
tr	O	I was aware that there were many places on this Earth that were rarely experienced by humankind , and that was a good thing .
tr	I	This would be on the grandest scale imaginable , but he already did that .
tr	I	Then they could slam the slots closed , protecting them , but soldiers fired their rifles through the slots .
tr	O	She had time to scream , ' No , ' as his sword flashed and he drove it into her stomach .
tr	O	Grams was sweet , but she knew next to nothing about fashion .
tr	O	Emma 's laughter died down and an entirely different feeling took over .
tr	O	There was quite a bit of undergrowth , but I could see no signs of the fugitives .
tr	I	Romulus had been so oblivious and Viktor could barely believe he .
tr	O	I have never looked , but the possibilities are endless .
tr	O	Chad 's wasn 't , but Jeremy 's was .
tr	O	She 'd tell you that it wasn 't a good idea , but the two of you would go in anyway .
tr	I	Jamie felt a gasp escape at the pulsing invasion , and he nudged in a little farther .
tr	I	Now I 'm paying for it , and Complacency is a deadly mindset .
tr	I	He blended into the throngs out for an evening walk by the river , and the taxi dropped him two blocks up the Bund .
tr	I	It caused you to miss out on friendships with special people but getting to know Leif had taught me that judging others wasn 't only wrong .
tr	I	Maggie would bet her next paycheck Matthew Webster would fit into that category , too and the men had all been mediocre .
tr	O	I checked the handle and it was unlocked .
tr	O	He mated with my mother , and I was born nine months later .
tr	I	His mind was so frenzied that he couldn 't think straight , but he tried to recall the last time he had them .
tr	I	I feel a pressure unlike anything I 've ever felt , but there isn 't anything physically on my chest .
tr	I	I always insist , but Ben hates having to go to sleep .
tr	O	Those days were long past , though , and she fiercely suppressed the impulse -- choosing instead to look straight ahead , waiting nervously for her summons .
tr	O	There was obviously some second conversation going on that she was missing , but neither of the men was about to let her in on it .
tr	O	My voice sounds cold in my ears and I wonder what I must look like to him .
tr	O	She had thought going to see a therapist would hinder their relationship , but instead , Prue felt liberated somehow .
tr	I	Their military power will be destroyed one by one by our allies and their transport is dead .
tr	I	He stood silent , waiting , and his lips clamped shut .
tr	I	He moved away to take care of the rope at the bow and she was actually disappointed when the engine roared to life with the first pull .
tr	O	We 're driving home from gymnastics and my mom tells me that my team had a practice that night .
tr	I	I feel a chill and all eyes turn to me .
tr	O	I saw Danny today and they have it covered .
tr	O	My teeth are still chattering , and I can 't draw in a complete breath .
tr	O	It would be crowded but it could be done .
tr	I	I was not and she was asleep .
tr	I	She gave me an encouraging smile , and I found Samantha in the crowd .
tr	I	Occasionally they took him out in the lifeboat with them , and he hung around the lifeguard team when they practiced .
tr	O	More pictures of Maddie surfaced , and I remembered why these photos were hidden away .
tr	O	Her lips curved up in a sweet smile , and she nodded solemnly .
tr	I	Then she cried out , and he heard Sara say .
tr	I	She could ' t feel the frantic beating of her heart , but her carotid artery throbbed .
tr	O	My time on earth is ending and I 'm at peace with whatever comes .
tr	I	I stayed behind , saying I 'd catch the next one , and you 've taken Maddie out for her first ice cream cone .
tr	O	My seat was the only one left and I was placed right next to Alexa .
tr	O	The bridge in my mind was as broken as ever , but at the sight of him , little pieces snapped together .
tr	O	She flips on the lamp and the room glows soft amber .
tr	O	The spotlight swung to us and Callum gripped my hand as we took off across the patchy grass surrounding the shack .
tr	O	There were no drivers in the truck and it was running out of control towards us .
tr	I	She considered leaving before Raoul found out that she hadn 't been patient enough to wait for him , and the man continued to deliberate .
tr	I	No matter how many times it happens , it still hurts , but I should be used to having important people taken away from me by now .
tr	I	She felt thick , warm liquid seep out between her legs and more cramps hit her one after the other .
tr	I	Then he heard a cough in C Cyl , but for an awful moment he thought he was the only survivor .
tr	I	The ashes are cold in the hearth , and it is nearly dark outside .
tr	I	Zoe braced for the rebut she expected , and he cleared his throat .
tr	I	She said she wasn 't sure how she felt . , but she told me you proposed a few days ago .
tr	I	I 'll tell Noah that I 'm madly in love with him , and you get well .
tr	I	They sat very close together , and it was a small one .
tr	I	It was necessary , but it was bold .
tr	O	Rachel was surprised , but then realized she was in a much different town than the one she came from in Pennsylvania .
tr	I	He answered anyway but he didn 't recognize the number .
tr	O	The words seemed inadequate , but apparently they were enough .
tr	O	A slow wave of understanding began to creep over her , and she wanted to push it away .
tr	O	She swept across Thomas and her blade flashed as she drove it right into the Crank 's forearm .
tr	O	I was going to be late to French class , but right now that was the least of my worries .
tr	O	The table tipped and shotgun parts scattered .
tr	I	She lost her grip on his hair with one hand , and the Yankee hit Hannah across the mouth .
tr	I	I knew it , and I was right .
tr	I	Holly slipped inside and the door opened .
tr	O	Nobody will remember our names next week , but everyone will remember our verdict .
tr	O	He didn 't hear her move toward him , but he felt her hand on his shoulder .
tr	I	The pain seems to dull everything around me except the agony it gives , but I hear my father scream something .
tr	O	The blasts knocked the soldiers back , and they all tumbled away .
tr	I	She turned around , smiling at him and while this statement did not relate to her in any way , it lifted Emily 's heart .
tr	O	It only took a moment , and then the pants were gone .
tr	O	My eyes were on fire and every one of them knew what that fire meant .
tr	O	Sonia had the sense that he didn 't rule with a heavy hand but he certainly liked to have his finger on the pulse of absolutely everything .
tr	O	I can tell she 's a little shy , but she tries not to let that show either .
tr	O	Richard took one of the chairs , and Dean Wallace sat next to him .
tr	O	My excuse worked and I was on my way to my favorite coffee shop near my house .
tr	I	Madison put on the water , and Sharon accepted with a nod .
tr	I	Even now as she left the dining hall , he felt her eyes on him , and she seemed to know his every move .
tr	O	Look , your juvenile record is sealed , and you 'll be tried as an adult .
tr	I	That lonely beach turned into an impromptu shipyard , and Riva put them to work building ships immediately .
tr	I	I watched the shiny flesh tighten over fat as she flexed her knees , and she sat on the bed , still absorbed in her own thoughts .
tr	O	He had a right to be worried after the shooting by the Parliament buildings , but his alarm seemed to go beyond that .
tr	O	I offered the cup with its flower petals to the lords , and they drank from it .
tr	O	Louisa 's fists moved again , and Fellows grabbed her flailing hands .
tr	I	It is one small thing you can do to make life easier , but I agree that in the great scheme of things it is not important .
tr	I	His hands were shaking terribly and his heart was jumping in his chest .
tr	I	His many chins wobbled alarmingly , and he laughed .
tr	O	My hands are pulsing with heat , and I ball them into fists .
tr	I	You probably won 't be the last , and you 're not the first to be infected with it .
tr	O	Here I am infected and there is no cure .
tr	O	I had a sneaking suspicion Henry had something to do with his change of heart , but I didn 't ask .
tr	O	He took a big risk telling his dad what was up , and I want to reward that .
tr	O	She laughed , and he was glad she had a sense of humor about something many women would make an issue of .
tr	O	You 'd have to be blind to miss the pattern , but most of us wouldn 't recognize the constellation of Capricorn .
tr	I	I helped him pick them up and some of them rolled to the floor .
tr	I	They began to think their king might have made a serious mistake , and they did not know of course how Thorin had escaped .
tr	I	You 'd gain nothing , but you can kill me .
tr	O	Share your troubles with me , and I will help you carry them .
tr	O	He might be angry , but he was willing to concede .
tr	O	I felt him angle my head , and then I did open my eyes .
tr	O	I screamed at her to go back , but she didn 't listen .
tr	O	He winked at me and I pinched him .
tr	I	There were only blank bricks behind it , but I pulled away the ivy that was crawling up the house .
tr	I	Now he 's made contact with it and he 's been waiting for that ship .
tr	I	Most of them were for ammunition which was stored in a separate warehouse -- but it brought up eighteen hits .
tr	O	She was so tired , and she really , really hurt .
tr	I	We were happy for a little bit , and we all used to live together .
tr	O	There wasn 't much light , but there was enough for him to make out the shape of a woman standing in a doorway .
tr	O	Her knees buckled as his weight slammed into her and they crashed to the ground .
tr	I	The men approached Sibyl , carrying medical boxes and the other woman was walking into the room leading two men in green jumpsuits .
tr	O	He felt that it would serve no purpose in telling them and anyway Peters mother Eileen should be the person to tell him these sorts of details .
tr	I	I deluded myself that it was a noble cause , and I did it with the best of intentions , to protect someone I loved .
tr	O	He hated he was using such cliches in his mind , yet time did seem to stand still as he glimpsed her .
tr	I	It was a relief for me , from the tension of the preceding weeks and it helped distract Column from his boat .
tr	I	They would not be able to catch him then , and this would leave him suspended .
tr	I	They always sat him near the dance floor to keep things cool , and the bar 's operators liked it when the sprite showed up .
tr	O	Perhaps a fiery temper went with the red hair and Hunter had pushed her too far .
tr	O	They were out in the hallway , and the room was empty .
tr	I	No , he was lying - but the man made so much sense .
tr	I	He loves me , and I love him .
tr	O	He hadn 't known she was catching a flight that afternoon , and when he heard , he seemed to accept it as inevitable .
tr	O	The biggest shark was fast approaching and Bubbles was whining anxiously .
tr	O	Her voice broke off and she leaned into him .
tr	O	Terry didn 't have enough energy to pull them into the singularity , but the gravitational pull had clustered them conveniently .
tr	I	The thickness of the wood cast deep shadows , and the stacks were actually shelves that had been carved out of the lumber logs .
tr	O	Countless , he guessed , but he had never stopped .
tr	I	He had no idea that was so , and Mike was up against something very powerful .
tr	O	I open my mouth to say goodbye , but it seems such an insignificant word to use .
tr	O	She looked at her shadow again , and her breath caught in her throat .
tr	O	Jasmine had claimed she loved it , but she hadn 't even opened it .
tr	O	Usually target practice soothed her , but nothing could soothe her now .
tr	O	For a moment she thought the visage was Athena 's , but it was too masculine .
tr	I	Her eyes were on her phone , but Gayle was pretending to pay attention .
tr	I	My lungs won 't expand , but I try to suck in air .
tr	O	They reached the door , and she propped Finn against the wall .
tr	O	Rolls of flesh spilled over the wooden frame , but Jane didn 't care about her excess weight .
tr	O	Raquel laughed unevenly , and that reassured me .
tr	I	McBride made for a door across on the other wall , and their eyes became accustomed to the dark inside the room .
tr	O	I kicked my legs , knocking her off me , and she flew into the bed with a grunt .
tr	I	The FBI is monitoring the troublemakers , and this financial crisis has everybody worried .
tr	O	He wasn 't saving me and I wasn 't trying to save him .
tr	I	The pounding rang in her ears and her heart raced .
tr	I	She grinned back , and he couldn 't stop the smile from sneaking over his face .
tr	O	We settled , and I watched as Mrs. Duckworth cut the roast .
tr	O	I 'm so exhausted I can 't even stand up anymore , but I 've made more progress than I ever could 've hoped for .
tr	O	The most I could pick out from them was an impression of a shark , but that didn 't seem right .
tr	I	Together they began twisting it until the chain became tight and Jack took the free end of the pipe .
tr	I	I guess that Andrew isn 't the only one who is artful in delusion , but I knew it in the back of my mind .
tr	I	Most major cities were in ruins , and arm wrestling had been replaced with the standard mechanisms of war .
tr	I	He stopped at the sight of her but the rest of the men watched as Pond tried to teach Riddick words .
tr	O	The woman scowled at him , but she headed for the tap .
tr	I	Catrina continued unabated , grunting with a degree of ecstasy with each blow from the knife , but the man was long since dead .
tr	I	Just like expected , Denver exploded into riots , and that is 50,000 troops more than went into D-day .
tr	O	I start toward him , and he shifts back , into the hallway .
tr	I	Often I made good decisions while I was doing something completely mundane , and it was a good time to let my mind drift around .
tr	I	The old staircase leads up to the restaurant where you found us , and the passageway is half hidden under rubbish .
tr	I	Those files have been wiped clean , and they store their surveillance videos digitally .
tr	O	The old Roman reached down and he ruffled Bod 's hair .
tr	O	Nora also joined them and together the two couples watched the harbour coming closer .
tr	I	It wasn 't her fault , and she had a money problem .
tr	I	I must take this chance to write , but I am sleepy .
tr	O	The lights were all out and there were no signs of activity from within .
tr	I	You won 't be able to rescue your friends in that cowardly state or man up .
tr	I	I didn 't want to know right now and I had no idea what he was thinking .
tr	I	I wasn 't worried , but Sebastian even vowed to hire his own team of investigators to track down the culprit .
tr	O	The radio was placed on the ground , and the three of them were circled around it .
tr	O	His voice cracked a little , and Alejo felt his shoulders tense .
tr	O	It 's like you 've never felt anything before , and you can 't get enough .
tr	I	The tape across her mouth kept the words unspoken , but she wanted to curse him .
tr	O	I don 't know why that should have been , but I think it was .
tr	O	It 's not like Brendan and I are the only targets .
tr	O	I 've always seen it , but I think that has more to do with Mason .
tr	O	her father asked , and she knew now he was toying with the creature .
tr	I	The other extended at an awkward angle , clearly broken , but one of the bat 's wings folded in .
tr	I	I wonder whether her mother 's words of yesterday still trouble her , but I can 't yet read her mind .
tr	O	Beside him , Kira was silent , but a slight shiver went through her .
tr	I	A belt took care of that but his stuff fit me well enough , a little wide at the waist .
tr	O	He told Aline about his decision , and they had a very public disagreement .
tr	O	He wasn 't letting her in and it made her feel ... lonely .
tr	I	I held my breath and Reinhold was quiet for a moment , contemplating whether he would allow the witness .
tr	I	His eyes fluttered open , and Adam groaned a little .
tr	O	I ask , needing to make sure because I know what she 's been through and the last thing I ever want to do is pressure her .
tr	O	Her name is Lauren Elizabeth , and she 's beautiful .
tr	I	The sound makes my ears ache , and they start screeching .
tr	I	He pressed his lips down against hers and Liz slid her arms around his neck .
tr	I	It wasn 't there , but he scanned for Gar 's body .
tr	O	Those images were in her head , and Jane couldn 't get them out .
tr	O	Emer 's eyes wavered , but she shook her head .
tr	O	Even if it meant he would never remember me and we would never speak again .
tr	O	We were forty-eight hours away from the severing of our GP ties , and they 'd already made an appearance .
tr	I	He would destroy their only way out or he told Raymond to put the gun down .
tr	I	They 're worth nothing and I 've seen his results .
tr	O	The note was late , but it would be an unexpected development that would keep the police busy chasing up worthless leads .
tr	O	His face was becoming red , and his hands were gripping the beer bottle so tightly that the whites of his knuckles were showing .
tr	O	Situations like this called for serious thinking and she could only think if she was calm .
tr	I	The bearer still had to have the necessary security clearance , and access to the classified material could be gained only by a coded magnetic card .
tr	I	I flushed underneath his gaze , and he slowed down enough to peer at me out of the corner of his eye .
tr	O	I heard the front door shut and Kim now followed me in .
tr	O	She saw Basha , but she still wasn 't sure if she should consider him .
tr	O	I walked to Godfrey , and I touched his hand .
tr	I	She couldn 't help it , but she knew she was babbling .
tr	O	He laughs , but it 's an irritable laugh .
tr	I	She clung to the back of her cage and Sara 's eyes widened .
tr	I	I feel like I 'm about to pass out again and the sudden exertion makes my heart beat faster .
tr	I	She quickly covered it with a laugh , but he felt her start in obvious surprise .
tr	O	His mother had grown lemon balm in her garden in the backwoods of Pennsylvania , and the scent pitched him back in time .
tr	O	Shane tried to pull back his control , but it was gone .
tr	I	The old coast guard station was still privately owned , but the island was donated to the government of Maine many years ago .
tr	I	Thankfully , I held back , but I just wanted to let loose .
tr	I	I point to my ceiling and we lead them back to my room .
tr	O	The feeling of euphoria had disappeared with him and my body ached from its loss .
tr	I	She moved into his small rented apartment in San Fernando and they were married nearly a year later .
tr	I	Marcus sent me an address , and I texted back that we 'd be there .
tr	O	The others might not have recognized him , but I had a sense Sarah would have .
tr	O	I 've had a lot of time to think about it and I 'm going to be fine .
tr	O	The sand was damp , and there was a cool breeze .
tr	I	They plunged beneath the surface together , and she followed his example .
tr	O	It smelled nice too , like honey , but then I realized Victor smelled like that .
tr	I	I couldn 't wait to do it again and Dillon had kissed me .
tr	O	The smirk deepened and Tar chuckled .
tr	O	She does not kneel , and this breach of decorum draws forth a shuddering collective gasp .
tr	O	III Dan ' r had his same dream that night , and he thought the same thoughts as he woke .
tr	O	He was connected to all the right people and businesses everywhere were seemingly talking to him .
tr	I	It had nothing to do with Veronica for a change , and falling asleep was difficult after that .
tr	O	Renée has warned me that his power can break me easily , and she fears that I do not have the strength to stand up to him .
tr	O	You 'll still be you and I 'll still be me .
tr	O	He lived several blocks from my place and he was stabbed , the poor man .
tr	O	Ceilings always did from the floor , but this was more than just that .
tr	I	He went flying through the air for a moment , landing hard in a tumble across the moist ground , and Percival 's leg caught on something .
tr	I	The sun was shining in our own special universe and the birds were singing their own song of joy .
tr	I	The ghost still loomed ominously in all their hearts , and they thus had nothing to anticipate with pleasure .
tr	I	She looks away and I meet Abby 's eyes .
tr	O	I wasn 't the best at reading a situation , but Liz didn 't seem to be hiding her intent .
tr	O	He wanted to do one thing for a person who needed it , and his hands were always tied .
tr	O	I 'm sorry for your loss , and for any pain you might feel .
tr	O	My head was bleeding and my vision was blurred .
tr	I	We ate our dinner together at the table , and Denny joined me downstairs right as I finished .
tr	I	The play of moonlight over her face told him that her jaw tightened and she sniffed .
tr	O	He had brown hair , and as far as she could tell from halfway across the room , his eyes were dark .
tr	I	The semi-automatic was ready for action , and a full clip was inserted .
tr	I	He gave a firm nod , but he looked terrified .
tr	O	I 'm sure I heard it snap and she fell to the ground , lifeless .
tr	O	There was no proof that this was the place , and yet , somehow , she knew it was true .
tr	I	Then the panic bubbled , and I paused .
tr	O	Egwene didn 't recognize the sister , but the ageless face was obvious .
tr	O	Everything slammed to a screeching halt and I looked at the broken man standing in front of me .
tr	O	It was a long shot , but I had to take it .
tr	I	Then she saw the first page of the presentation , and what subject , she wondered .
tr	O	A shudder racked his big body , and instinctively , I began rocking against him , pleasure consuming me .
tr	I	I suspected their new home would be somewhere near her beloved London , and mom brightened .
tr	I	You can reshape it anytime you like , and it 's unbreakable .
tr	I	No one I know is going to read it and it isn 't my name on the blog anyway .
tr	I	She waved , and his face lit up when he saw Sylvie .
tr	I	I carefully maneuver over to it before the Fem reels me in like a fish and a fallen branch catches my attention .
tr	O	I 'm rusty , and I know I should have practiced more this past week .
tr	O	My red silk Chinese pajama bottoms come back on , and I add the matching top .
tr	I	I pull him into a quick embrace , and Richard gets up .
tr	I	She caught the question held in his eyes , and he blinked as if coming to from a long sleep .
tr	O	She tried to fight them off , but they were too strong .
tr	I	Admitting that would only make her happy , but I was so afraid of her .
tr	O	I begin to ask why she would know how to do such a thing but I decide I 'd rather not know .
tr	O	They spoke in Czech , and her acquired accent matched his native one perfectly .
tr	I	Riordan forced the air through her burning lungs , but Breathing was difficult .
tr	I	Peter was fingered out and Matthew wanted to know .
tr	I	He wore a cape of crimson that hung down behind him , blowing in the breeze as he walked and his armor was all black .
tr	I	She glanced around the otherwise deserted garden , and there was a pause .
tr	I	She gave him a pleading look and her eyebrows crushed together in frustration .
tr	I	The short beard he was sporting tickled my lips and he hadn 't been able to shave since we crashed .
tr	O	We have mapped new potential Vortex pathways , and now is the time to use them .
tr	O	He said nothing , and I just followed .
tr	O	I assumed the bonfire wasn 't just cover to go hook up again , but either way , I was tired of being a third wheel .
tr	O	I saw his hand on his hip and that meant he was thinking , plotting .
tr	I	These guys were seriously indoctrinated , but we tried to warn them .
tr	O	She was his , and she didn 't know it yet .
tr	O	Heather was tired of my shit and there was a chance that I 'd ran out of second chances .
tr	I	Maybe he messed with her psychologically , but no , Jeff didn 't think Liam was the type to get physical with her .
tr	I	Otherwise the atrium was dark , but exit lights above the doors glowed .
tr	O	Emma 's smile had dimmed , but she still looked way too amused .
tr	I	It would have attracted a lot of attention , but if she could have , she would have moved to the end of the queue .
tr	O	The ornate door to the Queen 's apartments swung inward , and Miranda stepped out , regal in a dark orange gown trimmed in pale gold flowers .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I liked it very much and it was unsettling .
tr	O	He pulled in and everyone climbed out .
tr	O	They were coming to no harm from the dampness , but he couldn 't allow himself to open his ammunition box .
tr	O	I would have never guessed the the dress would pop even more with shiny navy shoes , but I was no stylist .
tr	I	The second blast knocked the wind out of him , and it hit the roof of the sheikh 's house .
tr	O	It was Ryland , but this had been well before I 'd been truly initiated into the Resistance .
tr	O	Her eyes flicker to me and I know what she 's thinking .
tr	I	He 'd bail on the Garvey job or he couldn 't push Dexter too far .
tr	O	I know she 's teasing , but I 'm in no mood to appreciate it .
tr	I	I climb in the back seat and coop rides shotgun .
tr	I	She 'd asked him to stop , but he had started to call her during the week .
tr	O	Then the President started laughing , and then the General joined him .
tr	O	I know these mountains , and they do not .
tr	I	Her stomach was in knots , but she knew she should eat something .
tr	I	He sketches his fingertips along my stomach and I hope he doesn 't notice the anxious tremble of my body as his fingers slip underneath my shirt .
tr	I	His prophet is Mohammed and Allah is their god .
tr	I	Jones was treated to a lecture on the technical nature of Kieron 's affliction by his mother and they marched along to Olivia 's office .
tr	I	Now they 've been badly rattled and the people here expect miracles from our Benes .
tr	O	Still furious , he struggled to bring back his human form , and when he did , his voice was frigid .
tr	O	I 've no idea who the target might be , but I 'm not taking any chances .
tr	O	She rode up so fast that for a moment Rif feared she would trample them , but the horse came abruptly to a stop .
tr	I	They failed to react fast enough and they were completely caught off guard by her presence .
tr	I	We walked to their waiting limousine and I pulled a few instruments together .
tr	I	My legs are leaden once again , but I consider bolting out of sight .
tr	I	Her stomach gave a queasy twist and her head started to throb .
tr	I	The fear that had been a constant companion all day rolled off her shoulders , and she lunged into their welcoming warmth .
tr	I	The cries of Max 's enemies finally crossed the courtyard and the flames from the lanterns began to quickly strobe in the dusk sky .
tr	I	The tension was broken , and the crowd laughed .
tr	I	It looked as though it wasn 't meant to be , but I imagined those hands could be of real use to us in the near future .
tr	O	Maybe he could forgive but he would never forget .
tr	O	It was time he and Gino set things right between them .
tr	O	She was irritated too , but I saw the fear behind it .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure how she knew , but this she knew .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure what it was , but she was sure Reid was saying something .
tr	I	It had little to do with its given name , and the ship we took over was called HMS Fortitude .
tr	I	She sighted with pain and Julian touched her carefully .
tr	O	Zeus raised his eyebrows and he pulled his head back .
tr	O	Max heard a door open and the sound of footsteps descending wooden stairs .
tr	I	Then he drank some more , and he drank until Hewitt 's heartbeat fluttered faintly .
tr	O	I had no idea where this was all coming from , but I knew what I had to say .
tr	I	I 'd like it if we could be friends , but I can 't deal with all that right now .
tr	I	His face seemed honest and his voice was direct .
tr	I	The stitches were gone , and his bruises had faded .
tr	O	One of Jacques ' eyebrows shot up , as did the corner of his mouth , and he started walking towards me .
tr	O	The Washington political machine is much more nefarious than FSMA , but that act could smash your dreams .
tr	O	She could feel blood trickling down the side of her face and she found she couldn 't open her right eye anymore .
tr	O	I tried to pull my hand free as the knots in my stomach tripled , but Roth tightened his hold .
tr	I	You 're being super awesome , and my parents will be there .
tr	I	Thinking of her helped settle my nerves and it reminded me of Nan .
tr	O	My mother 's voice exploded of concern , and the questions , which tortured her mind , spilled out to me in the phone .
tr	O	She 'd thought her idea excellent for the past six months , but now she feared others would see it as an irresponsible prank .
tr	O	It was on its last legs but hanging on .
tr	I	He reached one hand to the counter to support his weight just as his orgasm hit , and his legs trembled .
tr	O	I asked , looking from vampire to vampire , but no one offered a response .
tr	I	There was no way I would let Doug go , and there was no way he would let Brandon go .
tr	I	He flexed his fingers , and his smile became vicious .
tr	I	You 'll get my brother , and I 'll get your friends .
tr	I	If there were more to come , I was afraid where things would lead , but I thought the things I could do were cool .
tr	O	The two choices are ridiculous and I don 't want to choose either of them .
tr	I	Covert taunting continued , but the men piped down .
tr	I	Like his house , it had no windows , but I 'd never been inside this building before .
tr	I	Della was my life , but she was my mom .
tr	O	The stars lit up the night sky and the moonlight hit the fields , making them almost shine .
tr	O	I always felt so guilty when Denny touched me while I was thinking about Kellan , and lately , I was usually thinking about Kellan .
tr	I	He hadn 't seen a single enemy being destroyed and their ships disappeared one by one from the screens .
tr	O	She persevered and I got the distant sense she was playfully toying with me .
tr	O	Spirit infused every part of her , and I had to summon so much to see it .
tr	I	She started for her store and her body trembled with excitement .
tr	I	There was no guarantee the Phoenix could survive another blow , and the Dark Lord was about to strike again .
tr	I	I didn 't remember putting myself under the covers , but I vaguely remembered Logan asking me about my keys .
tr	I	The door swung open , and he pressed the lock release under his desk .
tr	I	Had grudgingly agreed to support their only son , but his own parents weren 't too happy either .
tr	I	As his temper flared , he was beginning to understand exactly why he didn 't invite women over , and it was a huge jump for him .
tr	O	Her shoulders tensed , and Sabine glanced around the trolley car 's interior .
tr	O	Danica loved when she was on top of her game , and shifting the focus to Rusty allowed her to fall back into line .
tr	O	The law doesn 't care if I buy pornography , but they 're very severe about littering .
tr	O	A lot had been said and a lot was still unspoken .
tr	I	It will be the same way and I can take your hand .
tr	O	I believed Blaire could use that gun but I didn 't want to be anywhere near her target .
tr	I	She smiled , and he looked at her puzzled .
tr	I	Jezebel 's susceptibility would raise further alarm , and they probably didn 't trust him now .
tr	O	He looked around frantically but they failed to materialize .
tr	I	The coast wasn 't there , yet it was as if she were walking along a coast .
tr	O	His parents had been away , and pretty much everyone knew it .
tr	O	They 'd dyed the top part black , and then underneath there were flashes of red .
tr	I	She made it to the gate just as they were boarding , and luckily the line to check her bags was short .
tr	O	William couldn 't write the methodology but he could set the limits in which Sarah would have to operate .
tr	O	Jess did not look at her again , but Alex knew what she 'd seen .
tr	O	I 'd let him get under my skin , and now he had started to occupy my every thought .
tr	I	Then again , he had lost a great deal of blood , but Daniel couldn 't see how they were going to do that .
tr	I	A second later , my shorts slid to the floor and he dropped onto his knees .
tr	I	It created the father daughter bond , but it was not necessary though because her mother will still give them to her .
tr	I	Flung herself into it and she stomped back to her chair .
tr	I	I catch the flicker of amusement in his eyes as he leans down to retrieve the picture book by his feet , but he glares at me .
tr	I	I couldn 't face that right now , but she was right .
tr	I	He was no fool , but he might have been quite , quite insane .
tr	O	He gave her a pointed look and Rose was completely confused .
tr	O	Marion , her mother in law , helped , but it wasn 't the same .
tr	O	He looked at her google eyed and she had to laugh .
tr	I	Her pencil sits between her fingers unmoving , but I look down , thinking perhaps she is taking real notes .
tr	O	Both his hands reached for one of mine and he held my hand loosely in his own .
tr	O	That practice had stopped a long time ago , but I believed I saw the remains of it .
tr	I	I smoothed his hair back , and after a few minutes he raised up on one elbow .
tr	I	Two pistols hung low at his side , and his Western boots were buffed to a shine .
tr	O	Emma didn 't know what her father could do to her from the grave , but she braced herself for the pain he was about to inflict .
tr	O	Congress wants us to inspect your entire operation , and I have three platoons of US Army on board a C-17 several minutes behind us .
tr	O	It was still cold outside , but I felt warm as he pulled me into his arms .
tr	O	I walked over to the elevator just as they opened , and she stepped out with a big smile on her face .
tr	I	His scar almost gleamed in the harsh overhead light , and his hair was hanging in tangles around his shoulders .
tr	I	The beast remained but black blood seeped from the wounded eye .
tr	O	The words were a challenge thrown , but then the big vampire 's fierce expression relaxed a fraction .
tr	I	I didn 't want to fall asleep on the job and I looked away because his relaxation was contagious .
tr	O	My foot connected and he just laughed .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to answer , but Kron barely left space for a breath .
tr	I	Her heart leaped into her throat , and voices came from behind the walls .
tr	I	His eyes were clear and he had good color .
tr	I	She backed away , and he stepped closer .
tr	O	He hadn 't come here expecting this , but he also couldn 't think of anything he wanted more than to be here with her .
tr	O	I tilted my face and his hand fell to his lap .
tr	O	It 's going to take a long time and you 're going to enjoy every damn moment of it .
tr	I	Something went wrong , but look , he 's good at what he does .
tr	O	Her jaw has unhinged and her eyes are wide .
tr	O	His legs grew weak , and he fell .
tr	O	We also know how hard this has been on you , Thomas , and I 'm sorry about that .
tr	O	Column had only a week to go and he would be able to come home .
tr	I	I jump , and the bell rings .
tr	O	I couldn 't feel them , but they kept giving out from underneath me .
tr	O	I Erased her memories and she wants them back .
tr	O	A revolver packed more punch and she didn 't want to do something stupid just for the sake of her pride .
tr	I	A headband was pushing his shaggy locks away from his face and his hair lay on his shoulders in two big tangled clumps .
tr	I	Gretchen vowed to do whatever she could to help Daisy , and her possession of Caroline 's car had established a connection .
tr	I	Lumpy scar tissue covered the old wounds and several chunks of skin had been ripped away .
tr	O	The light was fading from the sky and she remembered the warning .
tr	I	They made it look so easy , but I was dressed that way too .
tr	I	He pushed me playfully and I rose an eyebrow .
tr	O	Vane stood up , but Fang stepped back .
tr	O	She was staring at me and it was a hungry look .
tr	I	He couldn 't get out through the door , and he didn 't have time to escape through the window .
tr	I	I send them both text messages promising I 'm on my way home and a reluctant smile pulls at my lips .
tr	O	The boy leaned his head back and he let out a hearty laugh .
tr	O	She was cold , though , and shivering violently .
tr	I	Again he swept the silk away and more icy drops pierced his side .
tr	I	She drove her tongue inside and reyes parted his lips .
tr	O	The man reaches for the book , but Ketchup is quick to snatch it back up .
tr	O	Zia shouts and finally I run over to help her hold it shut .
tr	O	She kicked against the walls to stop him but he simply forced her legs under his arm .
tr	I	When I blinked , James was gone , but my ears had barely registered the sound .
tr	O	He studied Jake 's defensive stance , Zhang 's defiant tilt of the head , and the tears running down Dominic 's girlfriend 's cheeks .
tr	I	I didn 't look back , but I could hear Leviathan screaming .
tr	I	Everyone I didn 't , thank you so much and to everyone I mentioned .
tr	I	I could see blood dripping from his face to the floor and his head hung down .
tr	I	They slipped inside without a sound and it did not creak as she pulled it toward her .
tr	I	It moves , but I half expect it to stay still when he presses the gas pedal .
tr	O	You like the song , or you don 't .
tr	O	Alisa ordered spaghetti , and Cassandra a hamburger .
tr	I	We matched it effortlessly , and the tempo picked up .
tr	O	You know I 'm right , and I realize you have to be exhausted .
tr	I	Hemp was already investigating his rows , and I could hear her sliding some drawers open .
tr	I	There was no pause in his soft snores and he didn 't shift .
tr	I	She spent at least ten minutes reassuring her , and her mom called her every night now .
tr	I	I have a reputation to protect , and I deal with some very high-end clients .
tr	O	I didn 't sit on the bow , and I didn 't want to .
tr	I	Her mouth fell open and her eyes went wide .
tr	I	Camille realized she 'd frowned at him and a shadow darkened the valet 's face .
tr	I	Her word was law , and I was a secretary .
tr	O	I would say where but I wasn 't sure .
tr	O	I 'd even finally had that conversation with Lillian , to assure her that we were just going as friends and it didn 't mean anything .
tr	I	He thought that he would easily be able to fight a teenager off , and he was a big man , see .
tr	O	I 've only known her for a week , but it 's enough .
tr	I	By the tingling in her fingertips , she knew something else was there , but it felt perfectly smooth .
tr	O	The readings said he was still alive , but it was them , feeding on his thoughts , on his knowledge .
tr	I	He knew she was thinking about it , but Bethany hadn 't brought it up again .
tr	O	Vin nodded , bidding him farewell , and he retreated down the stone stairwell .
tr	O	My heart squeezed , but I ignored it .
tr	I	It might give me enough time , but it would wear off eventually .
tr	I	Those who have unfortunate deaths will become red roses , and those who die in peace will become white roses .
tr	I	Devlin said they would make it from there and they got within fifty metres of the shore .
tr	I	I 've just got this strange feeling , and he 's human , not jaguar .
tr	I	I can tell I surprised him with the question and his face goes stiff for just a second .
tr	O	She seems to be recovering now , and last evening I finally had a chance to follow him .
tr	I	She honestly looks happy and she smiles at me .
tr	I	He heard the horrified screams behind Keeley , but for a moment he didn 't know what had occurred .
tr	I	Still she let some knight completely confuse her and the leader of one of the toughest rebellions in known history .
tr	O	His fingers wrapped around Jackson 's neck , and Paris slammed him repeatedly into the wall .
tr	O	I check and he nods .
tr	I	It was Lucien 's turn to go tense and his voice was snide .
tr	O	Kira leaned closer , and her voice dropped .
tr	O	Both of my sisters watched them with their heads held high , and they looked every inch the queens the world needed .
tr	I	Her head bobbed to the side , and her eyes fluttered as she drifted .
tr	O	It made no sense , but Alex knew the look .
tr	O	The view during daylight was quite spectacular but his night vision was nearly as good .
tr	O	I understood what he said , but I was incredulous .
tr	O	Dinner was awesome and Dad quickly dropped the uncomfortable conversation about Asher .
tr	O	She wondered if she 'd lain on them strangely , or perhaps it was a side effect of nearly drowning .
tr	I	Then the thing was gone , and a giant tail slashed past his legs with a whoosh .
tr	I	They were overjoyed and nothing this exciting had ever happened to them before .
tr	I	I carefully looked around and Josh was standing in front of me , bent over from laughing so hard .
tr	O	He should 've pulled it out , but he stayed right where he was .
tr	O	Bookcases lined the wall , but most of the shelves were empty .
tr	O	It was spring , however , and that 's always a good season for traveling .
tr	O	When the show ended , Devon shifted to reach for the remote , but Brennan moved first .
tr	I	There had been no comments from Rishi until then , and it was the third day of the show .
tr	I	No words come out but I open my mouth to speak .
tr	I	Peter was on alert , and their faces were grim .
tr	I	Father Hummer fastened them with a band , but the frames were too large for her face .
tr	O	My heart actually flutters in response , but I try to keep a serious face .
tr	O	Quinn picks me flowers and I carry them .
tr	O	I was armed , and he was not .
tr	O	They have organized our society in a way that the men do much of the manual work , and the women became educated in ruling .
tr	O	It would be well worth it , and Sloane would never let me wear the same dress twice .
tr	I	People quickly got back to whatever it was that they were doing , but I got a few stares .
tr	I	He was starting this morning by paying closer attention to the boring routines and he pledged to do a better job in all aspects of his life .
tr	I	She rushed forward and Fila 's heart pounded in thankfulness .
tr	O	The critters are solitary monsters but others are never far away .
tr	O	I knew she wasn 't much of a baseball fan but she would have to be impressed because everyone knew him .
tr	O	His eyes got this sparkle in them and his whole face seemed to light up .
tr	I	His daughter is understandably upset , and client of ours died suddenly .
tr	I	She 'd not see any earnings from it but he told her he 'd accepted the job .
tr	I	By the 1820 's it was well within the sites of the settlers pressing westward , and this territory included Texas .
tr	I	His bloodshot eyes bulged and Saliva flecked his cracked lips .
tr	O	Pop says , and I can hear laughter in his voice .
tr	I	The memories would grow less sharp , but it would never be forgotten .
tr	O	She raised her arms and he tugged the shirt the rest of the way over her head .
tr	O	He would be there for Arie no matter what , and it seemed she was finally beginning to accept that .
tr	I	She pounced on it , claws out , and he moved his foot slightly .
tr	I	His smirk turn instantly into a frown and I watched his eyes flinch with jealousy .
tr	O	The other end was sharpened , but wasn 't a knife exactly .
tr	I	The conversation ended , and at that moment the form of Wither , slowly sauntering in their direction , became apparent to both .
tr	I	Marley had injured his leg in the fall and the pit was three tall men deep .
tr	O	Chris flipped the couch back over and both men sat down on it .
tr	I	What was that cost compared to a loss of production , but sure , a child may lose a hand here , a foot there ?
tr	O	He turned his back on the man he called friend , and he ran from the battlefield .
tr	O	I looked up , and Zeus 's throne was empty .
tr	O	Prescott was rich enough that he could have written off the debt with little trouble , but this amount of debt hardly seemed routine .
tr	I	We didn 't have any food with us anyway , and they were far enough away not to pose a threat .
tr	I	He accepted it , and after one semester he was offered a permanent position .
tr	I	She lay back on the bed , her hands in his hair , and the stubble on his chin felt erotic against her skin .
tr	O	It was cold , and the sun was sinking towards the horizon .
tr	I	It was there , at least for a brief moment , but her smile was small .
tr	I	I was too tired to move , but I wanted to curl up on the big overstuffed sofa in the living room .
tr	I	The words came out slowly , and he was panting heavily .
tr	O	The front of her robe brushed against his chest , and he lowered his voice .
tr	O	You know I can see it -- and you know he 's telling the truth .
tr	O	He must have gone downstairs while she 'd been talking to the boys , and she simply hadn 't heard the door squeak .
tr	O	I don 't think anyone around us could see but he was almost pulling my arm into his throat .
tr	I	For some reason I still nodded , but I didn 't know if I was ready .
tr	O	The light in the basement was very faint , but it actually felt good to his eyes after the hostile lighting above .
tr	I	Her father had stayed here for far longer than normal , but it was a theory that her family often stuck to also .
tr	I	She could not , but she wanted to hate him .
tr	O	Flavio knew and he was there now , the only Council member that had come .
tr	O	We got into his Bronco and he put my bag in the back .
tr	O	There is no privacy in the Wilds , and there can be no modesty , either .
tr	I	He didn 't elaborate , but I waited .
tr	O	Today was the day we were going into hell and I was going to find those souls no matter what it took .
tr	I	Like clockwork my eyes pop open at six Saturday morning , but Chapter 8 The store doesn 't open until nine .
tr	I	Shorty popped out , and Tony said again .
tr	O	The meal was excellent , and the conversation pleasant until the First Lord asked Tavi to share his story of the events of the past few days .
tr	O	The girl who gazed back was beautiful , but there was a sad wisdom about her eyes that the old Elena Gilbert had never had .
tr	O	He gazed intently into my own eyes , and I felt the bond between us tighten .
tr	I	Now it 's my turn to squeeze , and his grip on my hand loosens .
tr	I	I couldn 't open them again , and I closed my eyes .
tr	O	He tried to get up to yell for everyone to come to him but he couldn 't move .
tr	O	Jared immediately looked down to my stomach , and then his eyes met mine .
tr	O	Charlie patiently waited for the rest of the story , but it didn 't come .
tr	O	He happened to be scuba diving that day and he caught sight of Moko .
tr	O	However , just tell us about your experience first , and then we can then move things on .
tr	I	The asphalt was baking , sending up waves and the early morning cloud cover was burning away .
tr	I	The relief in his face let me know just how much he 'd feared my refusal , and he smiled , moving against me .
tr	I	Heading to his room and with that he was off the couch again .
tr	O	It was a perfectly ordinary thing to say , but Tessa was struck speechless all the same .
tr	O	She opens her arms and I go to her .
tr	O	It was frightening in its implications , and there was nothing they could do about it .
tr	I	He could still feel anger coursing through him , but he was in control again .
tr	I	She knew that he 'd take care of her , and all she had to do was let go .
tr	O	The people I spoke to didn 't know any names , but I don 't think that there were many of them .
tr	I	I stopped her , but she started to slam the door with her free hand .
tr	O	Hannah asked her companions and they nodded in response .
tr	I	His voice rose in outrage and my shoulder slammed against someone 's camera .
tr	O	The crowd went trampling about in mad warlike passion , and I was gripped with fear now because of Inno .
tr	O	I may like to run , but I hate climbing stairs .
tr	O	Abbot sighed , and I heard him lean back in his seat .
tr	O	I agreed to do this and I had to keep filming .
tr	O	The eternal knot meant two hearts bound together forever , and that 's what would free the Shifters in the end .
tr	O	Alejo drew in a breath , and it was sharp , hurried .
tr	I	I 'm willing to bet my farm that 's exactly what 's going on and I was reading a book about photosynthesis .
tr	O	Pia 's eyes went wide , and she stared in mute fury .
tr	O	I 'm in love with Shannon and she is in love with me .
tr	I	Your right arm must 've gotten tangled up in your lap belt somehow and you were thrown from the car .
tr	O	I place a hand on his cheek and his stubble is rough against my palm .
tr	O	Mad Dog smiled , but it was forced .
tr	I	I resolved not to look at it again , and I knew he was trying to frighten me .
tr	O	He wanted to know Burke 's name , which suggests he 's familiar with Lane 's crew or he was calibrating a lie detector .
tr	O	I was still clutching the cape , but I felt my hands reflexively slacken .
tr	O	A trick to build up her hopes only to dash them cruelly , but she didn 't care .
tr	I	I appreciated that at least I wasn 't alone in my grief and they were mourning right along with me .
tr	I	She would be warring with herself all day or she needed to do something to clear her mind .
tr	O	Day rolled with the punch , but it snapped his head back .
tr	O	This was a nice neighborhood , really nice , but she had no idea where she was .
tr	O	He turned around slowly , but his face looked different .
tr	O	Winter had gone away somehow , melted with the snow , and now a pale sunlight filtered through the windows .
tr	I	Carefully backed down the stairs and silently , he reset the first deadbolt .
tr	O	It may be all my fancy , and I do not wish to slander .
tr	O	She strode across the room , toward Clarence , and I noted that half of her allure was simply in the way she dominated her surroundings .
tr	O	He moved closer to her and she could see the anger in his dark , blue eyes .
tr	I	The whole scene was very inviting and it was cleaner than the marshland he 'd left behind .
tr	O	He had won second place with that project , to his surprise , but he still had thought the idea was stupid .
tr	O	She shouldn 't have been able to see his eyes from where she was standing , especially not in such detail , but she did .
tr	I	I pressed the button and my stomach did a flip .
tr	O	She wondered what she would do if she went into work that night , and he told her she was sacked .
tr	I	You 'll be figuring out how to accomplish them and I 'll be giving you the tasks .
tr	O	She knows this and I know this .
tr	O	Her lips felt dry and her hands moist .
tr	O	His eyes slid open and he stirred .
tr	I	I whipped out my phone , hands trembling , and Major Timothy Grant A whimper escaped my lips .
tr	O	He was weak , wounded , and they were united .
tr	O	A kid rode in the little sled behind the horses , and a father stood next to a young boy on a roaring lion .
tr	I	She got to her feet and he stretched out his hand .
tr	O	He fought against it , but gravity pulled them back toward the flaming sea .
tr	I	There was a vulnerability that hadn 't been there before , but not that I could read any of Seth 's thoughts .
tr	O	Her voice rose and several anxious faces turned her way .
tr	I	The food here is terrible and I don 't know .
tr	O	There were others who coveted our land , and we were too small to hold it .
tr	O	He smiles and we make love again .
tr	O	It is out of action and we can do nothing until propellants have vented safely .
tr	O	I knew the night we made love , that very first time , but I was so very afraid to hope .
tr	O	I heard footsteps behind me , but I didn 't turn around .
tr	O	First , stop her movement , and then you can use it on her .
tr	I	She pressed in a code and we stopped at the elevator .
tr	I	It still shone , but the pickup gleamed in green instead of gold .
tr	O	She let these chains limit her and she didn 't care about it .
tr	O	It 's what was meant to be , and it 's what we came here for .
tr	I	I feel good about one thing , too , but I feel a little shattered .
tr	O	She met Lily 's gaze and all the flirtation was gone .
tr	O	It seemed to be an inside joke and I was an outsider .
tr	O	They did their best to keep me out , but I saw what I needed to see .
tr	O	Civilians glared at him with hatred in their eyes , but they remained silent .
tr	O	Akiva waited for her to say she was ready to get down out of the wind , but she didn 't .
tr	I	When I step out , Blaze is the one guarding the door , and Lennox has several guards posted around the pavilion .
tr	O	I , too , have a sword , but it is strapped to my saddle next to the crossbow that hangs there .
tr	I	With a steely tone in his voice , he continued and the soldier did not laugh .
tr	O	Her lips parted and his heart thumped .
tr	O	I want to say , help me forget about Logan , but I 'm not sure I could ever push those words through my vocal chords .
tr	I	Things are fine , but my dad 's been riding me pretty hard .
tr	O	Riley , who was next to them , looked angry , but before Chase spoke again , Riley disappeared into the crowd .
tr	I	She did and she could leave now .
tr	O	The bearded man raised the whip handle , and McKie saw the thing rushing toward his head .
tr	O	He 'd known his recent actions would get him in trouble and he hadn 't cared .
tr	O	At first I thought it was because I told Nicholas he was hurting my shoulders , but he seemed angry about something much more important .
tr	O	I opened my locker , and to my horror , there was nothing in it .
tr	I	She has a great bod , and she 's gorgeous .
tr	I	She thought it unlikely , but her father was still hopeful that Stefan would one day return to the Fortress .
tr	I	I didn 't know how to tell him that , but Mitch had accepted him as part of the family .
tr	I	I 'm not sure why , but I feel guilty .
tr	I	They went anyway , but they were scared out of their minds .
tr	I	There are no words , but I open my mouth to speak .
tr	O	He didn 't want to insult her so he remained silent , but the facts remained .
tr	I	As I do , as I yank backward , my foot slips free of my tenuous foothold , but I wrench my arm out of his grip .
tr	I	She latches onto me , but I go to pass Adria back to him .
tr	O	The door was slightly ajar but I couldn 't see in .
tr	O	Broken pottery was not high on their list of priorities , and although Ted had his suspicions , they were no more than that .
tr	O	Chase wasn 't home , but he could at the very least be a shelter from the storm of my life .
tr	O	These were either the friendliest people in the world , or they had gone far too long without seeing visitors .
tr	O	Time is of the essence , and I don 't have long , so remember this ; there is war coming .
tr	I	I appreciated that more than he 'd ever know , and Shayne wanted me around .
tr	I	He had always offered her a nonplussed look , but on several occasions she had pointed out to him that his leather jacket was hardly fantastic .
tr	O	Cameron clattered in through the back passage , the entrance he used when returning from the stables , and everyone went silent .
tr	O	He noted , again , she said it in ( weak ) protest but she didn 't bloody well mean it .
tr	I	We saw a large pile of yard clippings and Joye was passing the flashlight over the ground .
tr	O	The look in the older woman 's eyes was one of compassion , and Harriet found herself suddenly blinking back tears .
tr	I	They know what he 's after , and he 's asked too many questions .
tr	I	He pulled me tight and I frowned at him .
tr	O	They draw the lines because the land is talking with them , and the plan comes together as the two parts marry into one .
tr	I	I doubt there 're any clues there , but I 'll look through Frieda 's stuff .
tr	O	It was full dark by now , and he 'd be up .
tr	I	The pneumatic doors opened with a sharp hiss and he beat at the panels on the accesses .
tr	O	There are too many coming down and I can 't hold them off .
tr	O	Gary looked stressed and his expression guarded .
tr	I	She 'd always treated Kateri like another daughter , but Starla might only be related by marriage .
tr	O	His hand moved again between her thighs , and this time she knew she wanted more .
tr	I	She almost fell down on the sidewalk and she was somewhere in the city .
tr	O	A passing girl shot her an amused , jealous look , and Clary pulled back hastily .
tr	I	He was getting sleepy , but he was enjoying the morning air .
tr	I	He didn 't stop , but someone kneed him in the stomach , knocking the breath from his lungs .
tr	O	Something seemed always to be missing and now it 's complete .
tr	I	Smell of sulfur filled her nostrils , and the floor began to heat up .
tr	O	The car jerks to a halt , slamming my body up against the metal side , and I can feel more skin ripping open at the wound .
tr	I	She knew what he saw , and his gaze drank her in .
tr	I	My father absolutely hates having things hanging over his head , and there were some things he wanted to do .
tr	O	He waved at her , and she waved back .
tr	O	He didn 't want her to know how rattled he was , but the fact that he was off balance probably showed on his face .
tr	I	I smoothed my hand over the top of her head , and quietly I laughed at the simplicity that was unbearably complex .
tr	I	His feet were ice blocks , and he couldn 't feel his fingertips .
tr	I	She moaned against his mouth , and one of his hands fell away .
tr	O	I loved chatting with the members , and it always felt like fun , never like work .
tr	I	The zombie bit him full in the face as they dropped to the ground , and the man 's arms pin wheeled as he fell back .
tr	I	He nods his head , as if to say okay , and I motion for him to come over .
tr	I	She landed in a heap , laughing , even as Vel continued to pray , and the force of the engines pushed her down into her chair .
tr	O	She started to close the door , but Max moved to follow her in .
tr	O	Finally at the end of the third week Amelie was well enough to return home and for a short time their life returned to something like normality .
tr	O	His hand was now holding the balled up piece of napkin , but his hand still remained outstretched along my jawline .
tr	O	I do this maybe fifty times and there are still too many uncertainties .
tr	O	The entity tilted his head slightly to one side , and as he did so , a brief image flashed into my thoughts .
tr	O	I lied to save you , and it didn 't work .
tr	I	I wrapped my arms around his waist , and tilting my chin up , he kissed me gently .
tr	O	Her lips pressed against his for just a moment , and she leaned into his ear .
tr	I	Mike hadn 't found out until that morning , and Mike 's parents had to run to Rochester for the weekend for some family thing .
tr	O	Levon skated past to the locker room , and he stopped when he saw them .
tr	I	The body was undoubtedly that of a short black female , thick in the legs , plump through the torso , but the face was unrecognizable .
tr	O	He had no privacy , and there were obvious indications .
tr	O	He understood the temptation , but it was a mistake to yield to it .
tr	I	You will only be in the way , and I am not inexperienced in these matters .
tr	O	Another blow drove into his stomach , and he exhaled violently , blood spraying from his mouth .
tr	I	At the end she was nearly screaming , and her voice had risen as she spoke .
tr	I	I grabbed a heavy candleholder in my left hand as I heard steel clash with steel at the front of the cham and my arm shot out .
tr	I	I don 't like the idea of being in dark alleys with her , but I should slow .
tr	I	They hadn 't answered , but he 'd called Otto 's pilots .
tr	I	He liked her close , but she was almost too big now , with his back aching the way it was .
tr	I	It didn 't work and I tried that already .
tr	O	Maybe he 'd make a pass at one of the vamps , or maybe he 'd disrespect Chow , the bartender .
tr	I	She was actually more interested in the architecture , but naturally , he had assumed she wanted to know all the shopping destinations .
tr	O	Time was passing quickly but there was no sign of the Morning Star .
tr	O	He had a long life and he enjoyed almost all of it .
tr	O	She ran out of the office and they could hear her telling Mavis about the Barbie .
tr	O	A king-size monstrosity with gorgeous silk sheets appeared , and she crawled on top gratefully .
tr	O	I knew what I was getting into , and I am going to uphold my end of the bargain , no matter what happens .
tr	I	It 's black silk and it 's from France .
tr	O	The light in his brother 's eye made him realize what he had done , and Steven forced himself to relax .
tr	O	A sob broke free and Myra clasped her hand .
tr	I	My mother was a nurse at Hollywood Health Hospital , and my father worked as a fire fighter for the Los Angeles Fire Department .
tr	O	Dillon stepped back and bent one of his friend 's over .
tr	O	He tried to hold back , but he wanted her too desperately .
tr	I	If he died , he died and she used all of her might .
tr	I	Now he felt as if she didn 't need him anymore , but all he 'd wanted was for her to stand strong on her own .
tr	I	She turns her back on us and Seth makes a face at her .
tr	I	There was one Warden between us , but Roth was heading straight for me .
tr	I	The city surrendered , and my messages were never delivered .
tr	O	A large Harry Potter poster caught her attention and she stood looking at it for a while .
tr	O	My pulse kicked up and my mouth dried .
tr	I	He already felt terrible for what happened , and he loved Clive almost as much as I did .
tr	I	He was easily lifted into the air and the angel 's wings began to flap .
tr	O	My throat is dry but I have to ask .
tr	I	You will see , and Travel alone Wil .
tr	I	I cared for him very deeply , but I didn 't love him .
tr	O	There was this house , and then there was Roderick .
tr	O	Its body was full of hairs resembling the hairs of a bear and it was seated on a dark red throne .
tr	I	I stay clear of them , but I 'm used to them .
tr	O	I had every intention of waiting for you , but then I saw the dress .
tr	I	That 's okay , and you miss him .
tr	O	The double doors of the throne room opened and both men stood with helmets tucked under arm .
tr	O	She had cut the tie first , but she 'd paid the price .
tr	I	He was built like a bear and the man looked to be Russian .
tr	O	I didn 't know what I needed to do but I had to move .
tr	O	Thomas could almost enjoy it now that he wasn 't holding the pack and they 'd put the sheet away .
tr	O	There was the possibility of capturing one of them and that would be as good .
tr	I	He could feel an iron tension in his shoulders that slowed his thrust , but Tavi struck out with a counterattack .
tr	O	Channing 's voice rose and he scowled at Justin .
tr	O	I dumped them on the floor and they retaliated by scrambling back up onto my warm bare knees .
tr	I	Things became pretty serious and we started dating each other when we were around sixteen .
tr	I	Zoe couldn 't imagine sacrificing her independence for any man , and experience showed her that her mother often caved in to make her father happy .
tr	I	They do respond , but they respond sluggishly .
tr	O	She kept her head down , face slightly averted , but she was watching him the entire time .
tr	I	Another stairwell led down to a basement , and a small door had been propped open .
tr	I	I smiled , too , and a soft , goofy smile settled over her lips .
tr	O	The girls cringed at this , but Garry seemed satisfied .
tr	I	The enormity of her actions stole her breath away , and Pam stared into his face , only inches away .
tr	O	Theodore had betrayed his own sister , yet the Resistance trusted him .
tr	I	He was real tired of being on the receiving end of Pate 's rage , and that gun was too close to comfort .
tr	I	I had not the slightest idea what to say to him , but I was excited by his nearness .
tr	O	A few doors could be seen branching off , but I had no idea what was beyond them .
tr	O	Their union had been forbidden , but they loved each other .
tr	O	The door started to slam , but I stuck my foot in the frame , wincing as it banged my knee .
tr	O	My hands were clammy and I was shaking inside .
tr	I	The celebration began and Evening was approaching .
tr	O	I knew that sounded like the lamest excuse , but I didn 't know what else to say .
tr	I	I knew he was standing close behind me , and a tingle of awareness slid down my spine .
tr	O	It was weak to cry , but it hurt to acknowledge that Abbot no longer looked at me as a part of his family .
tr	O	He was joking , but considering the mood at the house , I decided there was still a kernel of truth in it .
tr	O	I knew I was spiraling , but this time I was powerless to stop it .
tr	O	I do not give in , but I am losing .
tr	O	She knew when a guy was interested the way he was and she 'd be lying if she said she didn 't feel the same .
tr	I	The peri turned the table upside down , and the werewolf 's face changed , snarling .
tr	I	It felt as if ice water had replaced the blood in her veins and a chill raced through her .
tr	O	Our aim wasn 't too good , but what we lacked in accuracy , we made up for with velocity .
tr	I	Graham had been talking about how he saw her , but she had no illusions about what she looked like .
tr	I	My eyes immediately go to June , still fast asleep and I brush my brow with the back of my hand .
tr	O	He didn 't approve of her , yet he had gifted her with his virginity .
tr	I	The burn in her stomach subsided as sleep began to take her and her nerves stilled .
tr	O	He was tempted to pretend he hadn 't even heard Baxter , but they were all expecting him to make some comment .
tr	I	His head pounded mercilessly and his wrist throbbed .
tr	I	She couldn 't fill her lungs and the air dried up too quickly .
tr	O	My injury was barely visible , but I was surprised my ears weren 't still red from the lecture Maddy had given me .
tr	O	A couple of kids temporarily lost limbs , but nobody got torched .
tr	I	I convinced him to join me and he ran a bath for me .
tr	I	I powered it up , and she handed it back .
tr	O	Once through it would be finished and he could put it to rest .
tr	I	Then she felt arms wrap around her waist , and Victoria didn 't watch where she was going .
tr	I	Jesse could not continue watching but there were further visions .
tr	O	That 's something he was trying to find out , but no one is talking .
tr	O	He flips it onto the mattress , and I see that all of his info came from reading my texts .
tr	I	Everyone had broken their fast ere she 'd come below , and Cullen had left her sleeping that morning .
tr	O	He 's seen death , but he 's not afraid .
tr	I	The vid image again displayed the river flowing past the open gate , and the engineer tapped on his keyboard .
tr	I	A show of sincere cooperation just might make him trust her , but he 'd stopped suspecting her , which was a relief .
tr	I	He wouldn 't be able to attend for another week , but the new school had accepted him .
tr	O	Ethan 's voice trailed off as he warmed her insides , and Julie finally knew what sex was supposed to be .
tr	I	An arm appeared faintly from beneath the covers , reaching out to be touched , and a maternal smile crept over her face .
tr	O	This would be his victory , and his alone .
tr	I	Heaven forbid he accept any but he could comfort .
tr	O	I looked at my reflection and I realized I was glowing .
tr	I	She couldn 't be certain , but she guessed the Blue Ridge Mountains .
tr	O	She may have come from his union with another , but she is not his .
tr	I	Crying , and screaming .
tr	O	The smile Dylan slanted her was primal , and Glory 's excitement doubled .
tr	O	Tuck saw it too and we both took off running .
tr	I	I could be petty when necessary , but it was wrong to think it .
tr	O	His eyes were bloodshot with dark circles under them , and he looked as if he hadn 't slept at all .
tr	O	He observed the growing thuggery of the streets , and from all these things , he sought seclusion .
tr	I	I 'm wearing a black tux and she 's in a red prom dress .
tr	I	She hadn 't responded , but he 'd sent her a text .
tr	I	She didn 't know why , and it was the singularly most terrifying thought she 'd had in a long while .
tr	I	She hit the windshield wipers , with their soft slap - slap sound , and a fine rain began to fall .
tr	I	The lunatic 's laughter did little to help matters and Darryl 's head throbbed in pain .
tr	I	It was clear he would deal with it as necessary , but he didn 't sound real pleased about that prospect .
tr	I	I don 't care , but I leave a nose print .
tr	O	The knobby stones dug into my knees and I shined the light down at them .
tr	I	He smiled , and his eyebrows rose a little .
tr	O	Her head snapped up and her wide eyes looked over my face , surprised .
tr	O	Because not only was this series her journalistic debut , but it also marked her return to the social scene .
tr	I	The room was empty and the door was open .
tr	O	It was a perfect night , and we 'd made love until the sun started to come up again .
tr	O	I thank Camille , and we walk out .
tr	O	The girl opened the screen and he backed his chair up .
tr	I	When he had she 'd been much more quiet than usual , and in fact he 'd barely seen much of her all week .
tr	O	Blazing white eyes looked upon them that had grown dim , and the last guardian now stood before them its strength failing .
tr	I	I saw a towering , skeletal , half-naked silhouette , but it was dark .
tr	I	I wondered why Kim had been sent instead , and News was usual y the job of Samuel .
tr	O	I look at Onyx and he shrugs his shoulders .
tr	I	That 's what they did and they were created to serve .
tr	I	She felt the heat coming off him against her skin , and her T-shirt was short-sleeved .
tr	O	I was trying to get some more answers before I was evicted from the room , but I leaned forward to indicate I was ready to leave .
tr	O	She locked one arm through his and they walked to a reserved area , roped off with velvet .
tr	I	She stepped into his embrace again and he opened his arms to her .
tr	O	The organization demonstrated by the machines was devastating , and unlike anything that had been seen in the swarm tactics of past battles .
tr	O	I stared at her curiously , and Sandra slapped my hands .
tr	I	Now , Sirena was also in place , but Jamila was exactly where he 'd left her .
tr	O	She really did know then , but it was such an impossible , intolerable concept that she pushed it away .
tr	I	Matching worked for her , and she liked neutral colors .
tr	O	The doctor touched buttons on the apparatus , and it started to whir .
tr	I	It was on the inside toward me , thank God ; but Jack had left a bloody fingerprint on one of them .
tr	O	I stepped away from the sink , wiping my hands off on my jeans , and wondering what to say to him .
tr	O	Their smiles fell away , and Julianne held out her hands , walking toward me .
tr	O	Gwen opened her mouth to protest , but Gareth overrode her .
tr	I	Her mouth opened under his , and her lips found his again .
tr	I	Taunton wrote this figure on his legal pad , and it was twenty-five thousand .
tr	O	We put our orders in and the hostess leaves .
tr	I	Lord examined Thorn 's library and they returned to the house .
tr	I	She had come to the planet in her late twenties and Subject # 5 had been with them almost fifty years .
tr	I	I 've never been in love and I don 't do commitment .
tr	O	His final justification rested on two of them being definitely connected to the northeast , and perhaps Baumann 's trail could be reassessed from there too .
tr	I	Darius insisted on the traditional fingertips method , but we could have handled the blood transfer with syringes .
tr	O	He seemed to take everything in stride , but he complained about it at the same time .
tr	I	He even got a five second mention on the evening TV news and his photos appeared in all the major newspapers .
tr	O	He tried to take her in his arms but she struggled , pushing him away .
tr	O	He might be here on Earth , but he could 've sent word .
tr	O	I thought I recognized one of the items half buried toward the back , and I could no more resist kneeling than I could have stopped breathing .
tr	O	His lips curled and he kept moving .
tr	I	She thought she recognized Mozart and the music accompanying changed timbre .
tr	O	Uncle Drac always uses the old dry stuff , but they had put new stuff in the sacks .
tr	O	They 're friendly with one another , and you can almost see how happy they are to be together .
tr	I	I 'd barely touched mine , but I usually love Hawaiian haystack .
tr	O	She nodded to Sean by way of greeting , and she dumped the shoes out on the floor .
tr	I	Kevin had retrieved it and she 'd been fretting about the choice that winter evening when her hat blew off .
tr	I	She turned back , but Kelly was about to walk out of the room .
tr	O	I 've been very patient with you , but I 've just about reached my limit .
tr	O	Then he got a slot full time on a basic life support transfer car , and that ended that .
tr	O	She was here , and he was grateful .
tr	I	She didn 't take that personally , but he , on the other hand , didn 't totally trust her .
tr	O	He couldn 't leave here without her and at the moment he wasn 't sure if he really wanted to leave the Fae world yet .
tr	O	It was nice while it lasted , but it 's over .
tr	O	The tables around them had just grown quiet , and the name seemed to echo throughout the room .
tr	I	Perhaps one could tell it through wisdom , but one couldn 't tell age by looks .
tr	I	She pushed it to one side as she opened the door and the hair was dangling in her face .
tr	O	There were no tickets available and I saw no one walking up to us .
tr	O	Instead he , under the mantle of the state , took on the welfare and well being of all members .
tr	I	I had no idea whether that was good , but there was nary a spade in my hand .
tr	O	She lifted her shoulders in a nonchalant shrug , but I could see the eagerness in her eyes .
tr	I	He was still able to cling to the side of Ash , but his weight shifted as his muscles relaxed .
tr	O	I scream , but all I can hear is a crackle of white noise .
tr	O	The wall couldn 't possibly be electrified , yet it seemed that way , crackling with life every time the stranger attempted to touch it .
tr	I	The city werewolves had , but shifters seldom got organized .
tr	O	There were no stars tonight , or maybe the clouds were blocking all of them .
tr	O	I didn 't feel as bad as I thought , but my muscles did protest when I finally crawled out of bed .
tr	O	She had been expecting that , and she had already been mentally juggling her finances .
tr	I	Then , Michael was the quiet type , but Michael didn 't say much about them .
tr	O	Rick hadn 't heard him say much of anything before this , but Kaylee swore that he spoke English .
tr	I	The gates to the town were being closed and the trumpets had been heard .
tr	I	I cherish it and I see that .
tr	I	He was speeding casually through the streets before she realized he hadn 't muttered a word to her and she was buckled in .
tr	O	Savanna couldn 't drink , due to her pregnancy , but she didn 't seem to care in the least .
tr	I	Today was turning out to be more stressful than normal , to put it mildly , but he hadn 't smoked in two years .
tr	I	She ducked her chin and Color rushed to her cheeks .
tr	O	The fire station came into view , and I put the pedal to the metal .
tr	O	He wore the hard mask of disciplined self-control , and she longed to slap it from his face .
tr	O	Tom smiled back , but it soon faded .
tr	I	He was angry and he noticed that his nervousness was gone .
tr	I	He could tell she was impressed , but she couldn 't hide her amusement .
tr	I	I had felt him waiting for us , but he let us get back to the cabin before coming to talk .
tr	I	Before the first song 's chorus the arrangement fell apart and the girls ' reluctance spoke volumes .
tr	I	I have to get other people involved , and I have to do something .
tr	O	The pain gave him relief sweeter than any pleasure and his mind was momentarily clearer .
tr	O	I wiggle them , but the knots are tight .
tr	O	I 'd never heard Raphael speak so seriously and angrily in the four years I 'd known him .
tr	O	I waved the staff side to side warning the demons not to advance , but they kept coming .
tr	O	He started to pull away , but she was prepared for it .
tr	O	The smooth walls of the corridor were charred black , and the reflective floor was covered in debris from the collapsing ceiling .
tr	O	I nod , not sure which question I 'm answering , but I guess I 'll find out when we get there .
tr	O	Velda had lost everything , and Destiny still had Nicolae .
tr	O	I looked toward Cade for an answer but he was keenly studying the pile with his hand resting against a beam .
tr	I	Paris felt his heart skip a single beat , and Mateo tilted his head , as if looking at her with curiosity .
tr	O	It 's low tide , but still , there 's only fifteen feet of rocks before the unruly sea smashes itself against them .
tr	I	The City became the Universe and the walls closed around him .
tr	I	McKenzie had no illusions about where she stood with Byron Knight , but he was on a sex high right now .
tr	O	She pressed the cloth to the jagged claw marks , and I set my jaw .
tr	I	Emma met Haven at the door , smiling brightly as she held her paintings , and their caregivers trickled in to pick them up .
tr	O	She 'd come from a questionable past , and she had broken a dozen hearts by the time we found each other .
tr	I	To him it felt like a death sentence , but it was a marriage to prevent further bloodshed .
tr	I	There were moments when I found her beautiful , but she wasn 't pretty .
tr	I	Each clan wanted to make sure they allied themselves with the winning side , and War was imminent .
tr	O	She wanted nothing intimate between them , and his name seemed musical to her .
tr	I	My hand goes right through it , and I reach for the palm scanner .
tr	I	Even without it , I don 't want to remain here , but the promise to Loras gives me a compelling reason to leave .
tr	I	Winter break is coming , and they 'll get used to the idea .
tr	O	Alright , give me some directions and I 'll see you tomorrow night .
tr	O	Unexpectedly tears filled her eyes , but she was too happy to care .
tr	O	The morning passed ever so slowly and she may have slept at times , despite the centipede which continued to explore her face .
tr	O	This must be Terra and she was grateful that Terra had a heart .
tr	I	Liam felt a jolt of recognition , and she pushed her hair out of the way .
tr	O	I groaned and he laughed .
tr	O	It sprinted along the beam , never losing its balance , and vanished back into the shadows .
tr	O	Ruben points out some drag queens and Cora causes some ... wardrobe malfunctions .
tr	I	Not Sally 's , but the voice was female .
tr	I	Beyond the trees , fields opened out , and Thick mist floated under the trees along the towpath .
tr	I	My mother 's father had informed them that I needed my own space apart from them , but my parents hadn 't been happy about it .
tr	O	A lightness filled his chest , and he waited for the fallout .
tr	I	Barely marking the surface of the sand , but they were less than twenty feet away now .
tr	O	He died in January and they sent her his effects .
tr	O	Minutes later I 'm in my PJs and all my makeup is washed off .
tr	O	The ice began to numb the ache almost immediately , and the food was setting up a nice warm fire in her stomach .
tr	I	It gave JC a perverse satisfaction and Angelina flinched .
tr	O	Fred had already checked Mary 's whereabouts for the week prior to Marvin 's disappearance and it appeared she was able to account for her time .
tr	I	She shook her head and Carol 's gaze widened .
tr	O	My full name 's William Richard Hunt and I 'm the same age as you .
tr	I	His hold on her was strong , but Jace was shaking .
tr	I	With that , the campaign would officially start and the letter she 'd mentioned would be in the community post office soon .
tr	I	He said nothing more on the subject , but lucius ran his tongue over his teeth , his eyes glinting like pressurized steel .
tr	O	I tried to keep the heightened beat of my heart to myself , but it sounded like it was broadcasting to the ends of the earth .
tr	I	She had more than half the shawl yet to knit and next week was our final class .
tr	I	I keep going , because I know I have to but I think about her everyday , Peyton , .
tr	O	I pointed to my new seat , and he wrote my name in the square .
tr	O	Red Paw might not have known much , but she knew the word fly .
tr	O	Her voice pleaded and Zoe felt guilty .
tr	I	She decided to worry about it later , but that was unusual enough to concern Kira .
tr	O	He occasionally shook his hand out , but I kept going , afraid I 'd forget it once it slipped from my tongue .
tr	I	The white of his fur seemed to glow and the colors lining his stripes flickered in their shifting rainbow .
tr	O	Of course you remember water ; but you weren 't in it !
tr	O	Nicolas was desperately trying to give her time and truthfully she needed it .
tr	O	One by one , the electric shields flickered off , leaving the men who 'd wielded them with nothing but a saucer sized handle .
tr	O	I wanted to hug that skinny body , but I knew Teeny would handle that duty .
tr	I	The thing held fast , but he instinctively swiped at the clinging beast in an attempt to dislodge it .
tr	O	Her heart was racing , but her hands were rocky steady .
tr	I	She stopped beside him and Ronan stopped at the corner .
tr	O	I pass the door to the flat my mother and I lived in without looking at it .
tr	O	We 're going out to dinner and then to see a movie .
tr	O	Jack then quickly stepped back to pull his Starr out , but the small man struck quickly with the case , hitting his gun arm .
tr	O	He hadn 't prayed since he was a kid , but he did so now , knowing he was lucky .
tr	O	They threw those words at him but he couldn 't lob them back .
tr	I	We broke out , and we have been detained in a prison camp .
tr	I	Perhaps it didn 't matter anyway , but unless that happened they would never make the train from Bala that day .
tr	O	I wanted to go to it , but I couldn 't bring myself to .
tr	O	She would 've thought that was overkill , but she knew how the guy worked .
tr	O	I will it to stay still , but the damn thing completely ignores me .
tr	O	It was hot , yes , but that fitted a peculiar requirement of the occupant .
tr	I	I never see him again and she thought , What if I don 't return ?
tr	O	There was a soft rumbling noise above , but he didn 't give it any thought .
tr	O	I am angry , and he knows it .
tr	O	His breath tickled my ear , and I shivered .
tr	I	He waited patiently but Steven knew he was missing some major point she was trying to make .
tr	O	The air from its wing beats pushed aside the rain , and its rasping breath grew louder .
tr	O	Her lip quivered and she pulled in a shuddering breath .
tr	O	Loki seemed confident in himself , and I easily followed him trying to not second guess him .
tr	O	That was his trump card , and he knew it .
tr	I	We 'll take this thing on and I will throw open the door .
tr	O	Ibrahim cleared his throat to get her attention , but whatever she was doing , it seemed she wasn 't going to stop for anything .
tr	O	She awaited his complaint , sure he would find a flaw in it , but he smirked instead .
tr	O	Noah held out his hands , and Bo wrapped him .
tr	O	The Earthling who is alive has his pack open and the Earthling who is dead has his pack closed .
tr	O	She slid in and I clumsily tumbled in opposite her .
tr	O	You worked hard and you made it .
tr	I	We 'd return , but if they shot at us today we 'd probably die .
tr	I	The man fell back to the wall and the swing connected .
tr	O	Jessica pointed to the right and we broke into a run .
tr	O	She didn 't like to give advice , and she knew Ty would ask for it if he wanted it .
tr	I	Preston was one of theirs , but they all seemed really nice .
tr	O	The zombies were sent flying forward , and this time none got back up .
tr	I	It said nothing at all again and she looked at the screen .
tr	O	The staircase was wide enough that there was still space between us , but narrow enough that there wasn 't much .
tr	I	The foothills are turning blue , even before his eyes , as the snow melts but the peaks are white .
tr	O	I can make them tired when I need to , but with you , it works a little bit different .
tr	O	I think I see amusement in his eyes but his face is so stern that I can 't tell if it 's genuine .
tr	O	That life was long gone , and she honestly didn 't want it back .
tr	O	He walked over to a nearby building and we followed him inside .
tr	O	Her eyes opened and she looked at him again .
tr	I	He settled supine between her legs , putting one on each shoulder , and his blood surged at that thought .
tr	I	She wasn 't sharing , and the rabbit was hers .
tr	I	If she could be of use to me , I had to ally with her , but I loathed this woman .
tr	I	Fear ... and anger .
tr	O	Well , she did sleep with him , but she didn 't sleep with him .
tr	O	The weeks were dragging by and there were no job offers .
tr	O	He pushed his fingers into it and there was an audible click .
tr	I	They had not been heralded by angels , but I knew the Kings of Israel had been the Lord 's anointed .
tr	I	It would just hurt both of us if I were to pretend otherwise , and this was nothing more than a summer romance .
tr	O	I 'm not proud of that fact , but it is the truth .
tr	O	What a strange role reversal where I was the calm one , and he was the one losing his shit .
tr	I	Steve chased after the girl and Lavina nodded .
tr	O	She began sniffing about , though she stayed far from Dorian , and she soon disappeared beneath the bed .
tr	O	If he stepped outside it would be all right , but then he couldn 't see the can inside a dark shed .
tr	O	I backed up away from the desk and my eyes flickered between the pair .
tr	I	The knife is at the side of my throat and his leg is between mine , holding them open .
tr	O	She dropped into one of his guest chairs , and as she did so , Nikolai took her in with hungry eyes .
tr	I	I will tell you one and - So close your eyes .
tr	I	I 'd been desperate and she 'd been hurting .
tr	I	Her apprehension melted just a little , and Allen 's voice settled on her warmly in the darkness .
tr	I	Things almost seem normal , and we laugh , we joke .
tr	I	It makes sense , but I didn 't think of that .
tr	O	Not for the reasons you think , but yes , I 'm happy .
tr	O	Here was not the risen Jesus Christ , but a different miracle come to life .
tr	O	She raked in the spoils and she was shameless about it .
tr	O	A little smirk tugged at her lips and she leaned further over the couch so I could feel her every breath on my bare chest .
tr	O	Neighbors milled about , stunned , but busily going about the cleanup .
tr	I	She hadn 't , but she wanted him to think she 'd given up .
tr	O	Everybody knows that word , yet you misused it .
tr	I	The dark tones of her attire had submerged her in shadow , and the corner was dark .
tr	O	The only thing that worked was money , but the piece of paper keeps it legal .
tr	I	I don 't get it , but I know you 're helping me .
tr	I	It came from a dying man which she loved the most , and she never thought that a guy would tell her that she was beautiful .
tr	O	We weren 't in any danger now , and we all wanted to find a warmer climate .
tr	O	Egwene had not been given dinner , but she felt too sick to care about eating .
tr	O	He slid behind the wheel at once , and the car was turning to come down the street .
tr	O	I could hear Paul speaking , but I only heard one side .
tr	I	Here I am , and I swore I 'd have a better life than my sister .
tr	O	She looks down , and I shut the door between us , needing to be home .
tr	I	She makes up for it with effort , but she may lack finesse .
tr	I	His eyes took in everything and he was a night creature .
tr	O	Abigail 's apartment was above an antiques store , and we climbed two flights of rickety stairs to get to her .
tr	I	To pull away all support , but I might have thought otherwise ?
tr	O	He loved attention , and seeing him bloom under the eyes of strangers made her remember the one toothpaste commercial he 'd been in as a child .
tr	O	The house was small and if there were a place to hide he would have found it .
tr	O	Her eyes watered a little and she wiped at them with her hand .
tr	O	The snake was back and ready to try again .
tr	I	He 's been there ever since and he went directly to the bar .
tr	O	I drank almost the whole bottle and I was trashed off my ass .
tr	I	He looked like a child , and the lines from the man 's face had gone .
tr	I	It won 't be covered heavily by the press because the purse is small but some good competitors will be in the ring .
tr	O	The soft voice instantly quieted the man , and he was passive in the enormously strong grip .
tr	O	That came out at a bad time , but when you asked so directly , I couldn 't deny it .
tr	O	They offer a lesson for beginners while the regulars take a break , and we 'll do what they tell us .
tr	I	His breath caught when he saw the exact path the storm had taken and Donovan studied it carefully .
tr	I	Thinking about himself , well , it was just a distraction , and he had work to do .
tr	O	Training in California and then a posting in Manhattan .
tr	O	He looked really good , but I didn 't see the point of dressing up before a long flight .
tr	O	He was a guy , ruled by his cock , and I 'd made myself way too easy for him .
tr	I	His attention was on the backyard too but I gave a curious glance to Phoenix .
tr	O	His dark brows dipped low and his jaw bulged with frustrated anger .
tr	I	They spilled back inside and the door clicked open .
tr	O	He affected her on more than the physical plane and that made the dynamics between them even more explosive .
tr	O	He stood with the fabric flap held back and she stared out the opening at the Redoubt .
tr	I	Every head in the tavern swiveled in its direction , and a gruff voice yelled from the bar .
tr	O	Every able-bodied federal inmate is required to have a job , and the Bureau of Prisons controls the pay scale .
tr	I	We headed down the narrow , treed path and the guys grabbed their backpacks .
tr	I	Savannah moved in closer to Trey and the movie projector started to play the first movie of the night .
tr	O	She could die tonight or she could die next week .
tr	I	I will show you , and let us away outside .
tr	O	Anyone can look inside your account , but no one knows who owns it .
tr	O	Whoever had pushed him into me had closed the distance for us , and Kellan 's lips were now firmly on mine .
tr	I	He does come from a good family , but a bit too free with his inheritance .
tr	O	Menstruation passed by , and with it Betty was feeling life starting to pass her by in a meaningless fashion .
tr	I	The car is great , and I 'm doing fine .
tr	I	Dark glasses are no longer a disguise , but there was a scattering of dark glasses .
tr	O	Soon he was pulling his car to the front , and he quickly went around to help Suzy into the passenger seat .
tr	O	I want to go back to my world , and I want Meg to come back with me .
tr	O	She 'd accepted her fate and in her mind , she 'd moved on .
tr	I	Those interested Rayford even more , and other predictions had not yet taken place .
tr	I	I wonder what he sees exactly and he searches my eyes for something .
tr	I	Michael easily avoided the blow , but the vampire Michael was leaning on swiped at him .
tr	O	I have a legacy , and I 'm going to be true to it .
tr	O	I consider now the cost to future progress , and the promise I made to Loras going unfulfilled .
tr	O	she cries , but her voice is fading .
tr	O	It was a small gesture , but he knew the cost to her .
tr	I	They were smart , but Xavier kept them weak .
tr	O	His words faded and his eyes paled .
tr	O	You might be a lot of things , but you don 't strike me as dumb .
tr	I	Scott has been really pushing Walt to go after what he wants , but I get that .
tr	O	Especially since Pandora was a legend , a myth , and there was probably nothing inside .
tr	I	She was shrinking against the bed like a coward , but she tried to appear unaffected by his anger .
tr	I	His arms fell at his side and he leaned back in his chair .
tr	I	Lux swore so loudly that a flock of birds exploded from the branches above us , and Ava 's eyes widened innocently .
tr	I	Lea knew that Karen was coming from Lea 's left side , but Karen moved behind Lea .
tr	O	Everyone stood up , grabbing books and any trays still left on the table .
tr	O	She held out her hand and he rose to take it , stopping only a moment to straighten his clothing .
tr	O	he demanded and that faint Irish burr rolled beneath his words .
tr	I	I held my breath , and he paused .
tr	I	He didn 't find the move to be as careless as she 'd probably planned , but then she shrugged .
tr	O	I was wide awake , but I let Shane sleep .
tr	I	I tapped into it , and Anger rose like a violent storm inside me .
tr	O	I had seen enough films where people did this and it looked easy .
tr	I	She was paying little attention to the scenery , yet she 'd never been to the city before .
tr	O	The underbrush against her back felt like soft moss , but the emotion in her chest was scratchy .
tr	O	The pain of hitting the floor was agonizing and for a few moments I couldn 't even move .
tr	O	You always bully our classmates and I hated you doing that .
tr	I	I smiled , and his laughed at me .
tr	O	Lisa had decorated every single one herself , and there weren 't enough as it was .
tr	O	The ambulance trailed behind , but the second its back bumper was in line with ours , it flipped around .
tr	O	I know they fight a lot , but they really love each other .
tr	I	I didn 't correct her , but that 's what I felt .
tr	I	Craig looked up from the sports magazine he was reading , and she hurried into the marina office .
tr	I	I 've got a bad feeling about this , but he promised to keep me informed .
tr	O	Mr. Rapp introduced and Len stepped forward .
tr	I	I can 't help the laugh that escapes me and he unlocks a tan Malibu .
tr	I	We hardly notice , but our dinner arrives .
tr	I	He lifted his hands in defense , and I raised my eyebrow at him .
tr	O	It was a dangerous destination , but she felt safer without them .
tr	I	He smiled absently anyway , already knowing what their reactions would be , but Gel didn 't really like that metaphor .
tr	I	Her golden hair shimmered and the bathroom light streamed in through the walk-in closet .
tr	I	She would have to do the best she could , but she had no idea whether she could remember everything that was in the house .
tr	I	His face brightened as a sly smile crossed his lips and he paused .
tr	I	He got to the lonely stretch of dirt road that led to his house , and he walked for half an hour as fast as he could .
tr	O	It was extremely early , but maybe he was awake .
tr	I	They woke her every time and Kara repeated the crazy dreams .
tr	I	Elections have consequences and I was elected .
tr	I	I struggled free from him as he kissed me on the lips and he pulled me towards him .
tr	O	Graham 's cell phone had indicated what number had called him , but Misty had been on her cell , which meant she could be anywhere .
tr	O	Cy squirmed , but he didn 't pull away .
tr	O	She was doing her job , just as he did his job , but she still felt as if she had betrayed him in some way .
tr	I	His brow is furrowed , and his hair is wild .
tr	O	I promised I 'd take care of her , and I 'll do anything to keep that promise .
tr	I	There was nothing that I could do to stop it , and Jasmine was actually going to kill Morgan right in front of me .
tr	O	The benefit of being in a room that was sound proof was that no one heard the commotion of the fight , or my breaking free .
tr	O	When I explained it , however , he saw it too and it was then that he formally transferred his power to me .
tr	O	I asked him what he meant , and he told me to think twelfth century Robin Hood .
tr	I	You weren 't going anywhere with it , but it seemed stuck in your head .
tr	I	Verity tried to see what was going on and there was a jarring crash inside the room .
tr	O	Their meetings were primarily information swapping sessions , but occasionally they shared parts of their personal lives .
tr	I	He really couldn 't stand me , and Detective Sergeant Jack Burns was a frightening man .
tr	O	Her feet swung free , but struggle as she might , she didn 't seem to be able to connect with anything .
tr	O	While enjoying her day , Lea received a knock on the door , and she went to answer it .
tr	O	All the women were looking at Lucky in sympathy , but all the men were looking at me in jealousy .
tr	O	He went to pick the comm back up , but again it rang before he was able .
tr	O	Bec could crow but she doesn 't .
tr	I	He knew then the mercy of death came to his son and he heard the high-pitched balloon shriek escape his son 's lungs .
tr	O	Steve 's voice changed , and he looked angry .
tr	I	Zack was helping him again as he swayed unsteadily , and he was of only average height , very thin .
tr	O	I look to my dad hoping he can make the call to allow me to stay up a little longer but he just shrugs .
tr	O	The ambulance pulled up but Jake remained at Tasha 's side while Avery went into a very animated explanation of events for the policeman .
tr	I	He pulled her closer to him and his expression softened .
tr	I	It seems enough for him , but it 's a nervous twitter .
tr	O	The boy , still cradled in the basket , was unharmed , but my great-grandfather was almost killed .
tr	I	A netted behemoth Bass help me create my ruse , and my mission was to have Bob .
tr	I	The nails on the door hinges came loose and the crash came again .
tr	O	Fred hated fraud scheme cases more than he hated doing dishes and he stocked his house with paper plates .
tr	O	They moved away from the bag and he couldn 't see them anymore .
tr	O	It would just make things worse and he was already in enough trouble .
tr	O	I am here because my parents want something better for me and the missionaries convinced them to do what they did .
tr	O	It was completely dark in the room , so he couldn 't make out his face , but he was a large physical man .
tr	O	She offered him vegetables and he shook his head .
tr	I	She 'd still slept with him to get money , but she may not be a hooker .
tr	I	Simone gave a low groan as she impatiently pressed herself closer , and it was astonishingly erotic to have his emotions pulsing through her .
tr	O	Then I thought about Quinn , and that kept me from giving myself over to the ride .
tr	I	Echo couldn 't quite latch on to it , but something was there .
tr	I	There was still a hint of humor there , but his voice was hoarse .
tr	O	My head fell to the hard wood of the bench and I fell asleep .
tr	I	It all fell in place , but it 's never connected before now .
tr	I	The boy hit the side of the house with a thunk , and Allie gripped on to the window ledge for all she was worth .
tr	O	His pale eyes shine with a cold light , but he masks it with a smile .
tr	O	Natalie 's heart leaped with nerves , but Michelle was oblivious to her discomfort .
tr	O	It was stronger than she liked and she added a packet of sugar .
tr	I	That was the end of conscious thought and Dimitri 's tongue slipped between her lips .
tr	I	I 'm piling it into place , and she 's throwing everything she can .
tr	I	I was running out of time , but the irony was that I had a time machine .
tr	I	All of his payoffs were wire transfers but the crash took place right near Horton 's office .
tr	O	Sienna looked at me and I shrugged my shoulders .
tr	I	When Kylie saw Sara , Kylie gasped and Sara 's door stood ajar .
tr	I	Their leader wasn 't happy , and Minho reached him first .
tr	O	His arm tightened instinctively around her and Levana squeezed her eyes shut before she could cry .
tr	O	The bolt struck the can , bounced back , and with a flash of dark smoke Idol shriveled to a twig .
tr	O	She was born a girl and she was born in Africa .
tr	I	I can 't read her face anymore , and her expressions are different .
tr	O	She smiled , but it looked forced .
tr	O	She knows they have heard her story , but she can see their smiles .
tr	I	It found significant facts wanting , and when it had its own data to compare , it compared .
tr	I	Natalie was suffering as a result of being too close and Sophia was suffering as a result of being so far from home .
tr	O	His eyes , the angled , clenched orbs are covered in shadows , covered in wrinkles , covered , but the anger oh so clear .
tr	O	Just one more Christmas together , and then I could accept saying goodbye .
tr	O	Unhealthy curiosity overcame the fear , and she looked behind the corner .
tr	O	The men had become restless and this was music to their ears .
tr	O	Liliana looked at Elena , astonishment clear on her face , and then she looked at Drake .
tr	O	They echo with me now , giving a whisper of Jax to eternity , and that knowledge humbles me .
tr	O	Fury blazes again , and I move to smash his face in .
tr	O	He looked like a little boy , and it made me feel warm .
tr	I	People press in from every side , and a thumping drum passes for music .
tr	I	She would choose life for both of them , but she would not forgive him .
tr	O	A million thoughts were rushing through her mind and it was difficult to pick just one to concentrate on .
tr	I	I don 't feel the need to explain , simply because I know in my heart how real it was , and they wouldn 't understand .
tr	O	They were laughing at something , and she had put a hand on his arm just like she had the waiter .
tr	O	She hadn 't , and he found that irksome .
tr	O	He grinned and Rachel shook her head .
tr	O	I 've just radioed into the station and it would seem Abraham Gillespie had no buttons missing from his shirt .
tr	O	I have orders not to kill you , but maiming has not been expressly forbidden .
tr	I	There were empty spaces for other ships to land , but the airfield wasn 't large enough for a runway .
tr	O	At once her fingers fumbled and the milk failed to flow .
tr	I	Her mind was just playing a cruel trick on her and she wondered if she was still in Parker 's arms .
tr	I	Death brings more closure than comfort allows , but we humans desire matters come to an end to a point .
tr	O	That might only mildly hurt him , and I needed to massively hurt him .
tr	O	She reluctantly showed him her blistered palm , and he winced , guilt assailing him .
tr	O	He was the pessimist , and I was the optimist ; both challenging the other to see the world differently .
tr	O	The second man grinned at us both , and it reminded me of Jason 's grin .
tr	I	There are sobs coming from somewhere in the room and my shoulders are shaking .
tr	O	My husband was working on something when he died and I think the person he was in communication with may have been involved with this .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but the movement made her head ache .
tr	O	The clothes bagged on her , but Maddox thought she looked delectable .
tr	O	A glance at the clock showed she had slept later than usual , and it was all Zack Ravenscroft 's fault .
tr	I	Tim raised a hand , but Joe started to argue .
tr	O	She didn 't belong there and they both knew it .
tr	I	The knife fell to the grass , and she heard the snap of bone .
tr	I	He grimaced a bit , and then the smile fell .
tr	O	I have a meeting , and I 'm afraid I won 't be able to help you .
tr	I	It 's tight in place , and I check my mental wall .
tr	I	That 's what most people did in La Salle , but he had no clue what they really did for a living .
tr	I	It wasn 't there ... and the orange Mustang was hard to miss .
tr	I	I think I can recognize Portia 's voice , and arch , plummy vowels drift over to me .
tr	O	I don 't want to sleep , but the next thing I know , he 's waking me up .
tr	O	I hadn 't actually planned on asking them to move in , but once the idea got planted in my head I needed it .
tr	I	Isaac jumped in the way with his shield activated and Duncan snapped his fingers at them .
tr	O	Strength was prized among the Amazons , and Zane had nearly won his freedom .
tr	I	His strong arms were wrapped about her and nothing could be truly terrible when her head was resting on Viper 's shoulder .
tr	O	You could probably stay through the weekend , but after that , I don 't know .
tr	I	I didn 't say anything either , but I didn 't hang up .
tr	I	I thought we would make it and my apartment was in sight now .
tr	O	She pulled her to her feet and Amity screamed in pain .
tr	O	It was slightly cold out , and the girls shivered in their dresses .
tr	O	Suave 's words ended in a scream and she quickly flipped to the other sheet .
tr	I	My voice was gone , but I shook my head .
tr	O	He didn 't hide anything from her , but she 'd never really merged so deep with him that she saw beyond the darkness in him .
tr	O	The thought embarrassed him , but it also helped confirm his decision .
tr	O	Laurence wanted to be over this trial to make friends and the girl had time for this so they began speaking .
tr	O	Vlad had made another move , and Tucker had lost the battle .
tr	O	She ordered chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream in a cone and he chose chocolate .
tr	I	From its head the black smoke turns white , making its way down , and Light bursts through the orange eyes , turning them white .
tr	I	He was killed as well , but there was a third prisoner .
tr	I	A breeze floats across the reflecting pool beside us , and I sag against the railing of the rustic teahouse .
tr	I	She moaned softly and the throbbing increased .
tr	I	They ´ re as puffy as can be and I focus on the clouds as there are different shapes .
tr	I	I can feel her holding it and the girl takes in a breath .
tr	I	She took off at a dangerous gallop down the narrow trail , and she yelled that those of the Forest with her should follow .
tr	I	Then someone clued him in to who I was , but I think he was going to rob me .
tr	I	Soon we were in motion , and I did as she asked .
tr	O	Ron couldn 't believe he 'd actually said it , but when he thought about it , he realized it was the only way .
tr	I	He was smart and he was strong .
tr	I	Then we could see them , and my father lit the lamp .
tr	I	She was nowhere around , but I shouted for Emma .
tr	I	I put voice to my thoughts , but a tremor ran through me at my impudence .
tr	I	He liked her too much , but he should have lost interest .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but when it was over , her ears were left ringing .
tr	O	I tried to sit up , but my body wouldn 't move .
tr	O	He wasn 't near enough to touch , but I could feel the warmth of his skin , beckoning me , lulling me .
tr	I	They don 't even know anyone in Germany , and they were charged for a call to Germany .
tr	O	His eyebrows rose in surprise at the taste , but it didn 't stop him from pouring another .
tr	O	It was a meaningless little tune that I composed on a whim , but it helped .
tr	O	He got a shock alright but he was quick to recover .
tr	O	Soldiers work in the new day , clearing the roads inch by inch , but it 's slow going .
tr	O	I don 't know how I knew that , but I did .
tr	I	I 've been there before , but I have something in mind .
tr	O	This was his woman , the primitive whispered , and he 'd bring her joy no matter what cost .
tr	O	In her heart she knew Cole would never purposely disappoint Jeff , but her son 's anxiety had been as acute as her own .
tr	O	He lit the match , and it immediately went out in the breeze .
tr	I	He did so , as they headed up the stairs to pick up Mikael , and she motioned for him to follow .
tr	O	The constriction in her lungs eased and she was finally able to draw her first easy breath since they had parted yesterday .
tr	I	I am sold with others and later they move up north .
tr	I	The Brute didn 't even seem to flinch , but I thought I saw blood spew from its right shoulder .
tr	I	He didn 't , but she waited for Noel to come back .
tr	I	The color rose in her cheeks , but she concentrated on the two animals instead of looking at him .
tr	I	The work crew pushed it away , and the death cart was now full .
tr	I	Since I 'm hiding one , I didn 't want you to see them and there were wolf trades there .
tr	O	The phone rang once , and a familiar voice said .
tr	O	I told Jill I 'd meet up with her later , but I don 't know if she heard .
tr	O	There was a small flash of amusement , and then he poured love into her mind .
tr	I	I closed my eyes , and they stiffened instantly .
tr	O	He ran over to them and Eve held out her hand .
tr	I	He took a step back , but I took a step forward .
tr	I	Nobody cried out , but everyone was listening intently .
tr	O	The teacher was from China , and Cassandra would be hearing from a native speaker .
tr	O	The name Alicia comes back to me , but that 's not right .
tr	O	Part of me wanted to know the secrets behind the private club , but another part of me was afraid .
tr	I	He didn 't , but she knew that .
tr	I	The bullets caused nothing more than minuscule chips on contact , but I expected the glass to shatter immediately .
tr	O	Everything had gone smoothly and five minutes later a clerk handed her a receipt showing her newly recalculated bank balance -- a dismal paltry number .
tr	O	Almost wanting her to be mad at seeing me with Mel , because that will mean Travis was right and she likes me .
tr	O	He said not a word , but his hands were clenched into fists at his sides .
tr	I	It managed to put the fire out in a second , and it absolutely soaked the trees around her , including Brick .
tr	I	Its agility was amazing and it was tiny with a bushy tail .
tr	I	I know without turning around that Damien is here , and the hairs on the back of my neck prickle .
tr	I	The large windows were covered with heavy shades , and the actresses ' dressing room was a classroom that still smelled of erasers .
tr	O	It was a large workload , but it was all the staff they had .
tr	I	I had to have more , and I 'd been bitten by the Private Eye bug .
tr	I	She knew this time was different but she had been dreaming about being with him again .
tr	O	I glanced to see if Mike had noticed , but he wasn 't paying any attention to me .
tr	O	Lucy looked over at Tyra and there was a long pause .
tr	I	He still had not located the necklace , but Stacy called Darius when she got back home .
tr	O	She wasn 't supposed to be on the dig site at all , but she was passing through for the weekend , so Erin had allowed it .
tr	O	Ari is on his way back to New York and Laura Drake is tucked safely away in my bag .
tr	I	Zoey 's insides stirred , but the operatives laughed .
tr	O	Her conscience pinched , and she glanced at Mason .
tr	I	Jackie stepped forward for a closer look and I lifted it out of the sand .
tr	I	Mitch is weaving up the middle , and I barely dodge the opposing center .
tr	I	Her body language spoke volumes , but Brianna didn 't realize it .
tr	O	He wanted to get back to Sigma command , but more important , he wanted answers .
tr	O	I know they do some good work , but they just have no credibility left when it comes to resolving conflicts .
tr	O	Riley sensed us before Ana did and he stopped to look up .
tr	I	He bowed his head to her , and his eyes shone for a moment .
tr	O	Bits of plastic crumbled inside his fist and he dropped the broken mess to the tile floor .
tr	O	The silence is stretching past the point of comfort , and I feel as though something must happen , though I have no idea what .
tr	I	The terms are that you follow all my instructions without question and it starts immediately .
tr	I	Their power supplies low , and their hulls were compromised .
tr	I	Pictured Mom 's dog running through the yard with a pink bow around its neck and I smiled .
tr	O	My knee connected with something soft and he tensed , his grip loosening .
tr	O	We each took our turns in the shower and I let her borrow some of my clothes .
tr	I	He didn 't let go of my hand , but as though sensing my thoughts , he pulled back .
tr	I	I felt Nick 's arm draped protectively around me and the next morning , the alarm woke me up .
tr	O	He wasn 't unpleasant to her tongue , but neither did she crave the scaly creatures .
tr	I	Together we went to the corridor and I smiled to her .
tr	I	She let everything else vanish , and she closed her eyes .
tr	O	His eyes had a red hue and he 'd bared his fangs .
tr	I	It took every ounce of my self-control to stay seated , and the urge to rip her hair out twisted inside me .
tr	O	Smaller conversations broke out around the table , and I busied myself eating .
tr	I	Then he got a cut of the profits , and people paid big bucks to see them fight .
tr	I	Gloria broke in , but the woman started to ask her something .
tr	O	Her family history was largely a matter of public record after all , and he was a sheriff with access to all of it .
tr	O	One of the soldiers , presumably the cowboy at our door earlier , waved at me while I flipped the patties , but I played ignorant .
tr	I	He didn 't really care , and he couldn 't hear what they were saying .
tr	I	It was impressively small yet easy to read but the girl 's writing could never have fit on a grain of rice .
tr	O	She didn 't know what to expect , and the more she thought about it , the more she realized she didn 't know what he expected .
tr	O	The sun shone warmly on their backs as they walked , and the nights were mild .
tr	O	We pulled everything together , and he still hadn 't looked at me .
tr	O	Miranda called again and I turned my attention back to the crowd , knowing I should go to her .
tr	I	I went flying with the fixture into the other room and he leapt out of the way as the chain broke .
tr	O	Yes , he 'd gotten her into this mess to begin with , but at least he was around to help her deal with the aftermath .
tr	O	He could make me lose control , and I never lost control .
tr	O	Normally I was extremely conscientious , but perhaps my mind had been distracted .
tr	I	It has its logic that I will explain to you one day but it might seem strange .
tr	I	Her face is unreadable and finally she pulls back .
tr	I	She suddenly laughed and her eyes widened .
tr	O	My voice was soft and my heart was beating .
tr	O	His arms came around me from behind and I felt his warm breath against my ear .
tr	I	She cuts me off , but I start to react right away .
tr	O	He keeps walking and I follow along .
tr	O	Sure , I hadn 't trusted him initially , but he 'd never done me any true harm .
tr	O	Bo 's eyes returned to me and he smiled a mischievous grin that made my stomach feel twitchy .
tr	I	More than that was his desire to be near her , to get to know her , but he wanted to warn her about his brother .
tr	O	The jeep was dead , no fear of fire , but still he wanted all that explosive potential away from the gas tank .
tr	O	His lips found hers and she sighed into the gentlest of embraces .
tr	I	Nothing happened , but part of me expected the action to spark Armageddon .
tr	I	Perhaps he was politically oriented and Arthur Smith might be wily .
tr	O	It stuck in her throat to ask the question and it showed in the husky tone of her voice .
tr	O	The test strip soaked up the drop of blood he 'd extracted , and the monitor beeped to show it had enough .
tr	I	Rid laughed , and Bade growled at Link again .
tr	O	His tongue plunged deep and the breath hissed out of her .
tr	O	I was trying to be funny , but he obviously didn 't see the humor .
tr	O	The healer is on his way , and my brother is determined to keep the cities free of vampires .
tr	O	Ivor looked at me and his brow furrowed into a puzzled expression .
tr	O	That 's why she said no when you asked her to prom , and that doesn 't make her a stuck-up bitch .
tr	I	We 'll go another round , and get some water .
tr	O	She wanted to be his equal , or she didn 't want him at all .
tr	I	His movement stiffened and the man grimaced .
tr	O	You get carried away and you hurt us .
tr	O	Dawson lowered his arm , and the light dimmed .
tr	O	There wasn 't much else I could reasonably be doing , and any official story I wanted to write was placed on judicial ice .
tr	I	She felt a strange warmth from him , but she could not understand him .
tr	O	I lost a lot of blood , but there wasn 't much damage done .
tr	O	I could feel the tears threatening , but I was determined to not cry .
tr	I	Like hell she 'd let those gun-toting humans see her in all her glory , but normally she wouldn 't worry about her nakedness after shifting .
tr	O	I kissed him , or he kissed me .
tr	I	The feeling that I failed crushes my chest , but when I step into the sunlight , I breathe freely .
tr	O	My mother said she 'd watch her , but I hated to drag Ellen over there .
tr	I	I cannot simply dismiss years of torture , but yes , I know that he was a bit more humble in the changing rooms the day before .
tr	I	Eventually I must have fallen asleep , and I laughed more than I had in ages .
tr	I	Time doesn 't affect us , but we 're fastened to time .
tr	O	Violate too many and you 're out .
tr	I	He sat down again , smiling himself over the shared moment of exhilaration and she rode out of the ring .
tr	O	Her arm was returning to a normal temperature , and I could feel its pulse beating rapidly .
tr	O	Maryann slowly got off of Leah 's back , and Leah slowly got off the demon 's back .
tr	O	Ethan didn 't like being pegged for the fool , and he made a decision on the spot to steady the scales .
tr	I	I kept that closed to keep my tonsils from solidifying , and about the only thing I had exposed beneath my face shield was my mouth .
tr	I	Together they could take on anything , and now she had Quinn beside her .
tr	O	That would mean that she had let Steven go , and she had promised herself that their love was forever .
tr	O	The cops ask him questions , but he can 't really speak .
tr	I	Nic cut me a sharp glance , and I asked .
tr	I	He 'd do whatever he could , but he didn 't know what help he j could give her .
tr	O	She was smiling and I wasn 't sure .
tr	I	It wouldn 't turn but he reached for the knob .
tr	I	She couldn 't tell them they 'd just met , either , but she couldn 't let them believe she was James 's girlfriend .
tr	I	I wasn 't disappointed , and I was under no illusion that working at Mickey B 's would be fun .
tr	I	I make a face and my jaw drops .
tr	O	They 'd given him plenty to think about , but it was past time to change the subject .
tr	O	I got here after Dad fell asleep and he was gone when I got up .
tr	I	I could see his hands were shaking and Cuthbert looked terrified at having to do that .
tr	O	Thelma 's face dropped and her heart sank to her feet .
tr	O	Her head tips back and she laughs .
tr	O	Of course , he wanted his hand to drift farther south , but that would be far from appropriate for this occasion .
tr	O	By this time the sun had set and the city lights had come to life .
tr	I	She did need Allen 's help changing her clothes , but she tended to Angelina as if she were a newborn .
tr	O	You have performed your duty , Sir Knight , and I thank you .
tr	I	Both of them knew they would need each other , but he still wasn 't certain what he had given away .
tr	I	She shot up and that got Mandi 's attention .
tr	O	I wished we were there already , but it was at least another fifteen minutes until we reached our destination .
tr	I	All I could really do was shrug but we exchanged glances .
tr	O	She shook her head to get rid of the Darke feeling , but a doubt stayed in her mind .
tr	I	His stride was quickened with the murmur of the additional townsfolk , and a small assortment of onlookers slowly began to follow which fueled his ever-present ego .
tr	I	A hot , dry wind cut across her as she beat her wings toward the area , but it had been cool in the tunnels .
tr	O	She 's stunningly blonde , stick thin , and she really doesn 't like me .
tr	O	She didn 't want to break the news over the phone , and right now , she had to go to the hospital .
tr	O	Isaac takes the first step inside , and she gestures toward the plants at her feet .
tr	I	I was now a regular member , representing Lakeshore South , but I was still with the local Space Council .
tr	O	My eyes burned and I needed sleep .
tr	I	Rock 's ex was still in town and I hadn 't realized the lovely stewardess .
tr	I	I didn 't want anything happening to him and Sam was a good kid .
tr	O	Shadows had bloomed under his eyes , and I knew he hadn 't gotten much rest .
tr	I	A small frown puckered his brow and Marcus glanced up .
tr	I	She moaned his name out loud and he took her breasts by surprise .
tr	O	A shiver ran down Kylie 's back and she looked around again for the ghost .
tr	O	This may sound crazy , but I 'm kind-of hoping Zoey gets Valedictorian , instead of me .
tr	O	She guessed he topped six feet , but it was the sheer dominance of his presence that pressed upon her .
tr	O	The boxes around her began to rattle and she saw his form become just a bit transparent .
tr	I	Over her desperate breathing , she heard a man cry out in pain before silence descended , and Air agonizingly returned to her lungs .
tr	O	I know we can 't die like that , but I bet it still hurts like hell .
tr	I	Strangely , that calmed me down a little , and I heard his rapid heartbeat , pounding against my ear .
tr	O	If there are more attacks like that , people will want revenge , and that means pressure to punish Louisiana .
tr	I	He couldn 't place it , but the name sounded vaguely familiar .
tr	O	His bills were far out stripping his income , and there would be nothing for his family .
tr	I	She doubted they were clever enough to have drugged that , and that was more than enough to keep her hydrated .
tr	O	She flipped open the button on his jeans and her fingers grabbed the zipper next .
tr	O	Both hands were wrapped around a three-foot length of wood that was cocked over her shoulder like a baseball bat , and she was ready to swing .
tr	O	He might have been joking , but Neil nodded anyway .
tr	I	Kyoto picks up where he left off and Messick fills his coffee cup as well .
tr	I	For a second I thought maybe I was dying , too , and I 'd heard about stuff like that on TV shows .
tr	I	When I needed him most , he disappeared , but Geist is my only confidante .
tr	O	I didn 't know for sure what that meant , but I wasn 't stupid .
tr	I	They did not see , but his eyes were open .
tr	O	Green eyes stare at me from beneath brown eyebrows , and much thinner lips curl into a smile .
tr	O	Sweat was pouring off his neck and he banged the sand with his hooves .
tr	I	His verbal score was atrocious , but he missed two math problems .
tr	I	I knew where a guy had to come to make you pregnant , but maybe I hadn 't known about antibiotics interacting with birth control pills .
tr	I	I closed my eyes to keep the tears from escaping , and my lip quivered .
tr	O	She felt a tear on her cheek , and her hair had grown a pale white .
tr	O	I could feel the tears beginning , and if I started I wouldn 't be able to stop .
tr	O	I did not ask for this , but I will not run from it !
tr	I	It was happening and this was real .
tr	O	I don 't know who I used to be , but I don 't like feeling intimidated by anyone now .
tr	O	His head lifted from the table , and he speared her with his glare .
tr	O	He was clearly trying to sound blase , but I could hear the hurt .
tr	O	I wanted her to tell me the truth , but unfortunately , I lost it .
tr	I	You 're taking it out on me , like it 's somehow my fault , and you can 't write .
tr	I	Radio phones were everywhere and he didn 't care for this modern era .
tr	I	She shook her head , but she flushed with pleasure when I called her that .
tr	O	She had deliberately worn the white lace in hopes of enticing him , and she was angrier with herself than with him for his reaction .
tr	I	They 'd never missed a game , and Vaughn had played team sports throughout his four years in high school .
tr	I	It 's only to keep him on track , but Alaska Bishop may take something every few days .
tr	I	With each passing word his smile grew , and as he read it , he found himself smiling .
tr	I	She couldn 't remember why , but she was angry with him .
tr	O	This was beginning to sound very familiar to Chewy and he trembled listening .
tr	O	Rachel 's head bobbed a few times and I watched her with amusement .
tr	O	It appeared to be a man , but she couldn 't be too certain .
tr	I	It made her feel better to thwart him in some small way but it was a small , cowardly action .
tr	I	His body flew out and I see the hollow emptiness of space as the hatch door opened .
tr	O	I hear him , but I don 't respond .
tr	O	The original hostess comes in with three others , but they are not carrying our food .
tr	I	He didn 't deserve to be murdered , but I know Max was an annoying man .
tr	I	They were blood red and she opened her eyes .
tr	O	The barking was closer now , and he could pinpoint its direction with little difficulty .
tr	O	It had a small overhang that offered little shade , but it wasn 't as bad as Jacqueline had anticipated .
tr	I	Their partner had to coax them to their side by pretending to offer them food and one person flew around like a bat .
tr	O	The skin around the burn mark wasn 't glowing as much as the rest of his body , but the gas did have healing qualities to it .
tr	O	She was lying about something , however , and he needed to know .
tr	O	I know I want something like what you two share , and I 'm not sure I 've found it yet .
tr	O	You don 't want to believe it , but he will .
tr	O	Bobo was working that morning , and once again he seemed depressed .
tr	I	She 's not pushy with it , but she 's absolutely oozing sex appeal !
tr	O	They might have been an international airline , but they felt like a local bus company .
tr	O	You 've helped me more than you 'll ever know and I didn 't even deserve it .
tr	I	Dad sat on my right , and Jayden sat beside me while his parents sat across from us .
tr	I	He drew her closer in his embrace , and she hugged him , anxious because of his seriousness .
tr	O	We should get breakfast ready for everyone and I need to make sure I take my shift .
tr	I	I saw it as clearly as I could see through a glass of water but he was trying to make me feel better .
tr	O	There was a roll of thunder , and fingers of lightning walked along the Edge of the world .
tr	O	Gareth shook his head over that , but when Gwen glanced at him , he was smiling .
tr	I	She cried so and it stung Adelle .
tr	I	His friend Tony was driving and Austen , that was his name , was sleeping in the passenger seat .
tr	O	Ash didn 't stop , but the gun didn 't go off , either .
tr	O	I 'd left him only this morning , yet I missed Aidan 's fire so much .
tr	O	She wanted to look anywhere but at him , but she couldn 't stop herself from raising her eyes to his .
tr	I	The stories began and he was the center of attention until after the eating was done .
tr	I	Bill had his poker face on but the dealer looked at him again .
tr	O	I tightened my cardigan around me , struggling to keep my teeth from chattering as he opened my door and I climbed out .
tr	O	We 'd done two fittings , but Elizabeth insisted I be blind folded both times .
tr	O	One kelp vine snaked skyward and a cold light , like luciferase , touched its tip .
tr	O	The disappointment seemed to resonate with the players as much as with the crowd , and the Trotters , Bolton Wanderers , started to play .
tr	O	These acres were more exciting to him than Disneyland to a kid , especially when it was late and Butch was gone .
tr	I	Once it started it came out easily , and this time the piece moved .
tr	I	The results were equally powerful , but even with the amulet to help , it still required a lot of power .
tr	O	I 'd read books that compared the hero to a face on a Roman coin , but I guarantee none of them had anything on Vincent .
tr	O	She is crouching now , and I watch a dark stain of liquid spread on the packed dirt floor around her .
tr	O	Dinah looked after him , and when Eric advanced to the witches ' stand , her eyes gleamed with anger .
tr	O	The door opened and Elizabeth Manning stepped out of the house .
tr	O	His eyes traveled up , and he looked around suspiciously .
tr	O	They recognized a true friend , and now , so did he .
tr	I	Payton was ready to counter the attack , and the Spear Strike was launched .
tr	I	It seems that it was not the right time but she thought of bringing the matter .
tr	I	It was a killer , but it may not have killed the man left in the park the night before .
tr	I	His rage didn 't lessen , but Cameron let go of her .
tr	O	It was Tori 's turn for his attention , and she was the one he had to save .
tr	I	It echoed through the gymnasium and his laugh was deep .
tr	I	That helped , and she was working out of the house .
tr	I	It occurred to him that they might not like questions at this time , but he would have liked to have asked .
tr	I	The attack fell silent and an overpowering burst of energy shot out from somewhere .
tr	I	Bob Jenkins thought he heard barely controlled terror in that voice ... but Brian 's voice , coming through the speakers , sounded calm .
tr	I	I wondered all the same ... but he had slept with Fade .
tr	O	I felt as if I were on the edge of a cliff and there was a cool breeze that was aching to push me over .
tr	O	Shannon wasn 't as tall as Rowe , but she was tall enough for it not to be an issue .
tr	O	Seldon would have liked to deny that firmly and at another time he would have .
tr	O	Pop moved to the door and I opened the drawer with my purse in it .
tr	I	At least I said it , but he doesn 't even turn his head .
tr	O	He had that right and he likely didn 't even know how right he was .
tr	I	He lives in fear of a British counter attack , and Rousseau is sick to his stomach for much the rest of the day .
tr	I	Everything was beginning to make sense , and Courtney was waking up now .
tr	O	He tried to swallow , but his throat was dry .
tr	O	The light flashed green and Grady started pedaling again .
tr	O	I kept yelling for you but you didn 't come .
tr	O	He was not sure if he liked Pam but he could not keep his eyes from her .
tr	O	I push him , and he doesn 't budge .
tr	O	I know the school is not very big , but it 's the only excuse that I have .
tr	O	There is nothing to watch , and I do not want to think .
tr	I	The feeling was apparently mutual and he couldn 't get enough of her .
tr	O	The fatigue was replaced by adrenaline , and my pace naturally picked up .
tr	I	He was quiet , but Little Judas knew .
tr	I	I shook my head and Zane studied my face .
tr	I	His phone screen turned green , and the numbers settled into a pattern .
tr	I	I listened as intently as I could from the hal way , and the professor had already begun class .
tr	O	I guess I could have missed out the bottom bus completely , but I really want to see the sea lions .
tr	O	He kissed her like he cared and she 'd had too little of that in her life until now .
tr	I	She didn 't feel like fighting anymore and she didn 't care about anything anymore .
tr	I	His hair stood on end , and he hadn 't shaved in days .
tr	I	He hadn 't wanted to think it , but he should have guessed when he saw Andrew here .
tr	I	His elderly cronies eyed him suspiciously , and Alonso looked around the room quickly .
tr	I	I didn 't move towards him and he didn 't move towards me .
tr	O	He could walk through her , and she would not feel him .
tr	I	I paused to give her a backward glance , but I started to climb out .
tr	I	She sensed his every footstep , yet she could not see him .
tr	O	It was true , and we all knew it .
tr	I	I know they 're not for me , but I 'm not sure exactly what they do in those classrooms over there on the mainland .
tr	O	His eyes are brown and his hair is black .
tr	O	This looks like it was an organised kidnapping , and the coincidence is too great .
tr	I	Her expression became serious , and she looked at him .
tr	I	I never saw him at lunch , and he was never in the halls .
tr	I	It still came out cold , but Erin kept her voice steady .
tr	I	He shoves me back , and I thump him playfully .
tr	O	It seemed impossible that he was jealous , but an even darker thought began to surface .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but her math was off .
tr	I	I cringe from his closeness and Nicholas sits down beside me .
tr	O	She had no answers , and for now , it was a moot point .
tr	I	It was weird sharing it with middle-aged males , but I knew that look .
tr	O	They strained at the traces and the sleds flew along .
tr	O	My mother went back to school when I was five and she became a nurse .
tr	I	They were really about me , but they were supposed to be for him .
tr	O	Leto didn 't lift her head fully , but she looked toward Prometheus with wide eyes .
tr	I	It 's really my only marketable skill , and I want to use it while I have it .
tr	I	He clapped his hands together with glee , and she glared up at the earl though .
tr	O	I never go a day without drinking but that is no indication of control .
tr	O	Her lips trembled and she shivered .
tr	I	The temperature instantly started to rise and he shut the door behind them .
tr	O	It was three in the morning and Alonzo had been awake since two .
tr	O	It was older now , more mature , but it was London .
tr	O	He walked toward her and she took another step back .
tr	I	He took as much of each breast in as he could , suckling , licking , biting until she moaned heavily and she arched into his mouth .
tr	I	He made a change , and he was a single man .
tr	O	Everyone wanted to know what she saw in the cave under Shrine , and her ability to describe only vague sounds was met with general dissatisfaction .
tr	I	The rail lurched forward , and bolts began to pull .
tr	O	I grabbed her hand and we left a sparkled trail leading to a secluded table in the corner at the back of the library .
tr	I	I hear smacking noises I wish I hadn 't heard , and she pauses for a moment .
tr	O	The ground had dried and there was no evidence of the deluge earlier that morning .
tr	O	He looked like any other human , but something felt uneasy about him .
tr	I	The girls all knew better , but Danni wished it was that easy .
tr	O	The last few days had been too tense , and it was good to see his smiling face .
tr	I	She could only watch dumbly as he walked away from her , and he touched her cheek tenderly in a last salute .
tr	O	Her voice ran out at the end of her sentence and she started to pant , struggling to catch her breath .
tr	I	You can doubt it or if you have a feeling , you can trust it .
tr	O	She had been lugging that thing around for how long , and she almost lost control of it ?
tr	O	I tried to look away , but I was frightened .
tr	I	It was only after hanging up that Jeremy realized he hadn 't said the words in return , and Lexie was quiet on the other end .
tr	O	The wall broke , and tears flowed forth .
tr	I	One he quickly hoped to disband by finding something else to talk about , and it was not a pleasant feeling in the least .
tr	I	Certainly she understood , and Margaret Beaufort had listened to Matthew with care .
tr	I	I was a mass of tension , but I continued what I was doing .
tr	O	I rushed to his arms and he held me tightly to him .
tr	O	It shouldn 't have been surprising , but in its own way it was .
tr	O	The weather was still warm in late September , but the early hour made it a pleasant walk .
tr	O	Amanda belonged to the light and he belonged to the darkness .
tr	O	Hassler growing weaker , Ethan stronger , and with each punch the need to do more damage grew exponentially .
tr	I	They quickly crossed over to the production facility and the resistance from below the catwalk was light .
tr	I	They 'd all gone inside , shutting up the doors just as tight as they could , and it was the first really hot night that summer .
tr	I	I was shocked to realize how much she was growing up , and she was taller than Meena .
tr	I	Loop earrings dangle from her ears , and the Banshee enters , wearing a long , velvet , maroon dress , her hair done up .
tr	O	Jess could hear the music still and the words were now plastered in her mind .
tr	I	He stopped her but she looked like she was ready to go .
tr	O	She opened the door , and snowflakes filled the car .
tr	O	Chase 's eyes met hers and she decided he needed the truth .
tr	I	Those green eyes were no longer hideous , but the stranger 's face was deathly white .
tr	I	That was just plain bad on so many levels and that meant she had to be the real thing .
tr	O	Garrett was staring at her intently , and she made a point of not looking at him .
tr	I	Of course we need to check , but I think it wears off after a few months .
tr	I	She couldn 't let go , but she felt so weak , so exhausted .
tr	O	I 'm quiet for a minute as I ponder that and for the life of me , I don 't care .
tr	O	I felt free but of course I wasn 't .
tr	I	They wandered over and the other four at the barn heard the commotion .
tr	I	In an abundance of counselors there is safety , but -- Where there is no guidance , a people falls .
tr	O	I should go , ' he finally said , standing , but he didn 't move away from her when he stood .
tr	I	He wrapped his arms around her and Leah sat next to him .
tr	O	She felt guilty for snooping but she had to reassure herself .
tr	O	To experience the wonder of his love after the storm was too much and tears ran down her face .
tr	O	I didn 't want to show it , but I 'm glad I got that rest .
tr	I	He cared about them , and they were his friends .
tr	I	I stopped drinking for a moment and it was unbelievably attractive .
tr	I	I find myself smiling naturally and the children continue to caper about .
tr	O	He bent lightly , offering his hand , and immediately feminine fingers rested in his palm .
tr	I	Rohr paid him cash bonuses when he landed a particularly good case , and he received a salary for his investigating .
tr	O	I grab my keys , and when I 'm almost out the door , Mom calls for me again .
tr	O	Preston 's words were meant to break the silence but it only made Marcus 's eyes flare up .
tr	I	They wanted to send her there , and they thought the dormitories a terrible place to live ?
tr	O	What little strength I had left my body , and I gave way to his embrace .
tr	O	The Swords moved back , and the gathered crowd screamed out in terror as word spread about the discovery .
tr	I	Chairs were distributed in a neat circle , and lights were on in the rehearsal room .
tr	O	One sexy , amused grin from Jason and I was completely over being ready to bitch slap Tiff .
tr	I	I swear the big beast may have smiled , and Max turned to me .
tr	I	Even that seemed to be falling into place , but the other half of Amanda 's time Laura would have to make arrangements for .
tr	O	I didn 't know him well , but he 'd been my dad 's attorney forever .
tr	I	I hoped that Sally would be exhausted , too , and I was exhausted .
tr	O	He got a scholarship , but he had to get a deferment when Matt got sick .
tr	I	I turned around , and a voice asked .
tr	O	My eyes meet his and although he appears concerned , I 'm surprised that he doesn 't appear overwhelmed .
tr	I	She knew it worked -- had worked , but Claire didn 't really understand it .
tr	O	Mimas ' head jerked up and she started to move away .
tr	O	She had small black eyes like buttons that peered out below a hairless brow , and her nose was flat with tiny slits for nostrils .
tr	O	He remained focused on it , and the chain moved faster beneath his shirt .
tr	I	Even if someone had , they would have put her father out , but Eva could not imagine that anyone could steal the car so quickly .
tr	O	There was a blanket over one armchair and I grabbed it to wrap around me .
tr	O	There were many men who have come , but none had a tale such as that .
tr	O	It was unheard of and it was blasphemy .
tr	O	I need to tell you one more shocking thing , and this may really surprise you .
tr	O	If I dropped it , it would shatter and the similarity to my father 's life frightened me .
tr	O	The pillow was soft , and I buried my cheek into it .
tr	O	I 'm not doing so hot in my classes and I don 't want to give her extra fuel .
tr	O	Parents might believe themselves to be the bosses , but in the end it was the kids who made the rules .
tr	O	The fury coming from all three of the guys was terrifying , and it wasn 't even directed at me .
tr	O	The hunters split in three directions , and the bear followed the closest one .
tr	I	I welcomed sleep and I closed my eyes .
tr	I	It would take me to them and I would just follow my nose .
tr	I	If he did , it was never in my presence , or my father never cried .
tr	I	Suddenly he felt a little foolish for donning a pair of expensive white trainers for their jaunt , and Ryan did .
tr	O	She 'd once dreamed of having her own place , but the timing had never seemed right .
tr	O	In fact , almost all our neighbors have lights up , except for us , but my dad never did like to celebrate the holiday .
tr	O	She wasn 't up-to-date on the latest home fashions , but there was no mistaking that the furniture in the room was top of the line .
tr	O	It felt like I was back in school , but I was in the teacher 's seat .
tr	I	He drew her even closer , but they were quite close already .
tr	O	It made my heart ache , but I still wanted to see .
tr	I	They wanted to wait another day to prepare , but they were to go after him as a group .
tr	I	It was useless to her without bullets , but the gun felt heavy in her hand .
tr	O	A strangled sound of surprise escapes from his throat , and his fingers slip on the shampoo bottle .
tr	I	The women of court would probably describe him as handsome , in a rugged sort of way , and he has charisma .
tr	O	Daemon had once mentioned how many he thought were here , but I couldn 't recall the amount .
tr	I	I was surprised to find that fear had replaced some , not all , of the boulder of inflexibility , and my gaze flickered to hers .
tr	O	My arms break out in chills and I suddenly have visions that are entirely too inappropriate for a high school cafeteria .
tr	O	She couldn 't find her voice , but she managed a stiff nod .
tr	I	He 'd be sure to take her with him , but he 'd leave Genesis .
tr	I	In the morning she was gone , and she was only there one night .
tr	O	She didn 't want the evening to end , but Noelle 's comfort came first .
tr	I	You can hardly wait to get back and you nearly died on that stupid aircraft carrier .
tr	O	He knew it was right , but still he resisted .
tr	I	The light moved forward and the voice laughed .
tr	I	The wal I had learned to form around my feelings had long been routine , but Jared 's whereabouts lingered in the forefront of my mind .
tr	I	I shook my head and his eyes looked worried .
tr	O	I ran my hand along his jaw and his eyes opened at my touch .
tr	I	The stitches looked good , and the swelling on his cheek was going down now .
tr	I	On Nicole I make sure she feels all of my strength , but I knew it wasn 't hurting him .
tr	O	I didn 't know their name , and really I didn 't need to .
tr	O	The guard followed her and the door slammed shut .
tr	I	Henry played the waiter and I was the chef .
tr	I	I still felt Penelope on the bed beside me , but I heard the door click shut .
tr	O	Don 't choose and they both die .
tr	I	Three feet of clean snow has buried it and the city 's knocked to pieces .
tr	O	Many people were unemployed , and even more were hungry .
tr	I	Stars danced in my vision , and my head started to pound .
tr	I	His nostrils flared with the need to take , claim , possess , and he scented her arousal from here .
tr	O	One group must rule , and another must serve .
tr	I	Now she was passing it on , a rite of passage and it was the line she heard from countless mothers when she was expecting .
tr	I	It slid easily and I gave it an experimental push .
tr	O	Baxter needed help , but he couldn 't get the right kind of help as long as he went on lying .
tr	O	She was a pedestrian , and before she could call the cops , if she were so inclined , he 'd be gone .
tr	O	It was a brittle , hysterical little laugh , and it scared Claire down to her shoes .
tr	O	She 'd risk her life , but she wouldn 't risk mine .
tr	I	Mac passed them as well and other soldiers were running .
tr	I	I tried to figure out why , and I knew my face was flaming .
tr	I	His French at last got through , but his English was not understood .
tr	I	It was nice , but it was weird .
tr	O	I was dying to learn the sex of the baby and Amy just wanted to make sure that our baby only had five fingers on each hand .
tr	I	It 's November , but it is cold .
tr	I	She smiles knowingly at me , but the secretary is unfamiliar .
tr	I	I looked to the ground and he walked slowly toward me .
tr	I	His heart kept him standing there but he knew in his mind he should .
tr	O	His gray eyes interrupt my perusal of his body , and he smirks when he realizes .
tr	O	Your boys may not know how to get information , but I do .
tr	I	I crawl into the back and she pushes the seat up .
tr	O	She smiled again , and he smiled back .
tr	I	His stress fade , and arriving on the island , he felt his muscles relax .
tr	I	At least she was , or she 's a dark witch .
tr	O	I looked at Kali and we started our plan .
tr	I	We 'll know if someone here really is behind this conspiracy and I might catch that vibe .
tr	I	He doesn 't answer my question either , but Matt looks over at me , his face searching mine .
tr	I	His teeth clenched and his face was red .
tr	I	While sore , her foot was unmarked , but she 'd stepped on something hard-edged on the floor .
tr	I	Motion for him to get a move on and I move aside .
tr	O	Her hazel eyes looked alarmed and she was nibbling the side of her fingernail .
tr	O	My phone rang and I glanced down to see Braden 's number .
tr	I	My knees nearly gave away , and Heat shot up my spine .
tr	O	The mere sight of his name triggered a tiny jolt , and I thought about how items once posted stayed in the ether of the internet forever .
tr	O	I knew what I thought I should do , but I needed to work up the nerve to do it .
tr	O	I 'm terrified , and I 'll push down anyone to stay up with you .
tr	O	A glorious vision seized Toby , or I should say Vincenzo .
tr	I	It was all I had ever known before Uganda , but I may not have had the best home life .
tr	I	Each time came home with items they could sell and they started going out more .
tr	O	All the while the music blasted a happy beat , and the smell of barbecued ribs provided a rich aroma .
tr	I	He shut off the engine and we pulled into the driveway .
tr	I	I can 't tell if it means anything significant , but her face smooths out when I say his name .
tr	I	Was considered to be the peacemaker of the bunch and he was an innocent looking heartthrob .
tr	I	All seemed to be well and here I could put layer upon layer of magic on the pages I wrote .
tr	I	Whatever it was that now looked at her , it was not Captain Janus and he met Amara 's gaze .
tr	I	The other women of the keep and T is the truth I 've never had dearer friends than you .
tr	O	Libby desperately shouted , but nobody was listening .
tr	O	He advanced on me , and I screamed , swinging on him .
tr	I	I think he missed being on the stage and he loved to perform .
tr	I	A living smell , but actually , it wasn 't really a food smell at all .
tr	I	My body would not cooperate , but I tried to struggle against the pressure .
tr	O	When I realize this , something snaps inside me and I get to my feet .
tr	I	Myles had been home alone , and Marley had also stayed with her maternal relatives at the end of the summer .
tr	O	His father may fall for that dry wit , but no way can he get anything past me .
tr	I	There was a green smell like moss , and the cool rose gently off the water .
tr	I	I felt horrible for bringing her here and her shoulders shook .
tr	O	He couldn 't make out their faces but from their physical size they were unmistakable .
tr	O	Sophia stroked the bug 's back gently with the finger of her other hand until its wings twitched and it flew onto the windowsill .
tr	I	His moves are sluggish but his holds up a finger as if attempting to tell me off .
tr	I	My heart nearly stops , and a face slams against my window .
tr	O	We have barely been reunited , but I can feel our bond growing .
tr	O	He wanted to ask about the gift of seeing ghosts , but he didn 't dare to broach the subject .
tr	O	This took more energy than I thought it would and I found myself out of breath .
tr	O	My cheeks filled with heat and I launched into a typical speech , feeling the heat grow stronger with every word .
tr	I	I held his gaze , trying to offer some sort of silent comfort and walking back to his horse , Nikolas reached up to help me down .
tr	I	There would be a small war in the nation 's capital , but not a hint of it would ever surface in any newspaper .
tr	O	If I don 't , I 'll have to hit him , and I really want to hear his story before I hit him .
tr	I	Europeans loved their hair , and my talents were vast .
tr	O	I don 't actually feel them , but I sense them .
tr	O	I 've had time to think , and I believe I know what 's happening .
tr	I	She wondered , but she never pushed him .
tr	O	I hoped maybe I 'd sent it back , but it 's not here .
tr	O	I bit down hard on his hand and he yelped , letting go of me .
tr	I	It was a veneer with particle board but they looked like wood .
tr	O	I made a promise to Rachel , and I 'm never breaking it .
tr	O	Sloane set off her catapult , and I had to duck to keep from taking a pencil to the forehead .
tr	O	You get your money together , and we 'll meet at the arranged location tomorrow .
tr	O	The crowd ripples with shouts , and I close my eye , savoring the wave of their fear .
tr	I	Its character was permanently altered , but I could go there again .
tr	O	She 'd really hoped she was wrong and the maid would somehow prove herself innocent .
tr	O	I feel suffocated , but at least I feel strong .
tr	O	He couldn 't deny that her reticence , bordering on secrecy unsettled him and the things he had managed to find out didn 't quite add up .
tr	I	There is the wall to be repaired and there are many bodies to go into the Bosphorus .
tr	I	I realized the grandfather clock had stopped beating , and a strange silence settled in between the shadows .
tr	O	A frown creased his features , and then he looked up at us .
tr	O	Before she had a chance to think , a clear welcome lit her gaze , but just as quickly her eyes turned wary .
tr	O	She insisted she didn 't need them , but I made her wear them just to be safe .
tr	O	Picking it up , she tried to open the thing but it was locked .
tr	I	It pointed toward the wall , but I glanced at my tether .
tr	O	The door opened and Master Yoda hobbled his way into the now silent room .
tr	O	I don 't recognize him , but I 've never been happier to see anyone in my life .
tr	O	It was there she 'd cleaned out the stall of the horse her stepfather wouldn 't let anyone but him ride .
tr	I	Suddenly there was no space between them , and Ty 's laugh turned into a growl .
tr	I	He knew they were about to have company , but he felt the whisper of energy rather than heard footsteps .
tr	O	It wouldn 't last long , but it didn 't need to .
tr	I	Suddenly he was frozen in place and as he did so , his clothing brushed against the uprights on either side of him .
tr	I	I totally admit it , and I was wrong .
tr	I	It surely wasn 't what she got , but Helen did not really know what reaction she expected .
tr	I	I was so tired from the day and I had warmed up under my covers .
tr	O	Jazmine tentatively accepted the phone , but the conversation was short .
tr	O	Two passengers had volunteered and four were bumped by random selection .
tr	O	Isaac 's impish grin widens and he takes off running towards the woods leading to the pond behind the house .
tr	I	Zoe was on the offensive now , but that seemed to mollify our dad .
tr	O	The staircase was of polished stone , cut into steps , and it led to an impossibly large living area with a huge domed ceiling .
tr	O	All tech assistant robots had been programmed to keep away from the clandestine workshops , but nobody had bothered to take such precautions with Nilo .
tr	O	he tried to shout at the ship , but it came out as a croak .
tr	O	Granted , forty bucks wasn 't much , but it could have been a bus ticket .
tr	I	Her curiosity about that light coaxed her on , but she might be risking more by coming into this dark alley than by returning to her room .
tr	O	I 've been shot at once in my life and I don 't intend to let that happen again .
tr	I	I was exhausted , and my eyes were heavy .
tr	I	She refused to cry out , but tears swam in her eyes .
tr	I	The temptation was too great to disregard , and it could be the last time she ever touched him .
tr	I	Her breath caught and her heart stalled .
tr	O	That was a possibility , but he couldn 't imagine that a vampire could feel sorrow .
tr	I	I looked back at him squarely , but my gaze had gone a little glassy with my thoughts .
tr	O	Knowledge he 'd worked time and again with Mac to come to terms with .
tr	O	Nothing distracted her and nothing came easily .
tr	I	There are none , but moving my hands , I lift the top of my costume slightly to see if there are any marks .
tr	O	He set Ainsley down on her chaise near the fire , and she waved a weak hand in front of her face .
tr	O	I still wasn 't sure what to say and my heart was beating so fast that I could hardly breathe .
tr	I	She didn 't feel the usual weakness , and the sunlight was warm on her skin .
tr	I	It was obviously not a painting , but it was just the front piece .
tr	O	They like the water and we don 't .
tr	O	Any conflict would need to be resolved quickly or they would have to resort to regular weapons .
tr	O	Soon the sun would dip below the mountains and the temperature would plummet .
tr	I	She wanted him almost beyond imagining , yet he hadn 't really touched her .
tr	O	She knew it irritated him , but it was not on purpose .
tr	I	Still they acted though there was none and they knew there was danger .
tr	I	Tonight it was almost cloudless and he liked watching the sky .
tr	I	Tears filled his eyes and Lou took several steps back .
tr	O	Luke wasn 't promising anything , but at least he was willing .
tr	O	The man nodded vigorously , but that was a mistake .
tr	I	Our lives are your property , and now you know about us .
tr	O	I looked in saw a girl , but she wasn 't alive .
tr	I	You were almost forced to look into them and they took in every detail .
tr	I	She frowned , and then she realized it was a graze .
tr	I	Everyone was buzzing as they watched her work , and by then the school was filling with students .
tr	O	He wasn 't grinning , but I could tell he was holding it back .
tr	O	I won 't lie about that ... but I want to help in this .
tr	O	She reached out , and once again , Amelie let herself be touched .
tr	I	I like to think I can take some personal credit for having pounded the basics of English into you , and I 've read all your books .
tr	I	Other than that , the rest of me felt OK , but the back of my head throbbed with a dull ache .
tr	I	Her already pale face whitened that much more , and her eyes widened .
tr	O	Her mouth falls open a little and she looks at me blankly for a few seconds .
tr	O	The noises of the forest began to quieten and soon the men felt they were going nowhere .
tr	I	She quickly decided to accept , but Theresa , too , was a little surprised .
tr	O	There were three safe houses in the area but those generally required checking in with the Council .
tr	I	In front of us , Casey , now sitting by herself , didn 't even look my way , and beside me , Liza shifted uncomfortably .
tr	O	That bird had done its job , but we needed to eliminate the demons behind her .
tr	I	She felt she owed him some honesty regardless of the risks , but it might be safer to try to lie to him .
tr	O	The aroma of the gourmet beans filled the kitchen , and I took a steaming cup into my home office .
tr	I	You played hard , yet you were feminine .
tr	O	It had been weeks and it still seemed surreal .
tr	O	He rammed himself into her , and the pain was excruciating .
tr	I	We were all up for the walk , but the station was a half mile away .
tr	O	Her head ached and she was exhausted .
tr	I	He jerked to his right , and something moved in the hallway .
tr	O	It just completely stops , and I like that feeling .
tr	O	She turned down the hall in her black leather heels , and I followed wordlessly , not trusting myself to say anything yet .
tr	I	I have no idea how to begin , but it 's my chance to ask him what 's up with that woman .
tr	O	It raised one arm to its mouth , and a long puff of smoke followed .
tr	I	I can 't help myself , but I know it 's wrong .
tr	O	He was still pinned against the wall , but I needed him to be able to breathe .
tr	I	He holds my gaze and I glance at him .
tr	O	she says , brushing back her hair , and I see her exasperation isn 't serious .
tr	O	Now , roll the ball bearing from one finger to the other , and you 'll find you have to accommodate the curve of the bowl .
tr	O	Her shoulder-length black hair was up , adding an air of sophistication , and her dark eye makeup made her appear older than her twenty-two years .
tr	I	It added character to his face , and it was just part of him .
tr	O	Trapped in midair , the boy crosses his arms , but the approaching strike will certainly end his life regardless .
tr	O	Perhaps he 'd merely been naive , or perhaps he 'd not wanted to believe it .
tr	O	It cracked me up , but I didn 't care .
tr	O	I tried to ask her if she was OK , but all I got back was an empty stare .
tr	I	I 'm left repeating my story , hoping it doesn 't sound rehearsed , and the ambulance takes the old woman away .
tr	I	He laughed and I asked .
tr	O	I 'm limited by my oxygen production , but I 'm all excited now , so I 'm willing to use half my reserves .
tr	O	I wouldn 't even have to take more than a sip , and no one would notice .
tr	I	He looks adorable and he 's grinning at me .
tr	I	I am here to offer my services , but you do not have to allow it , of course .
tr	O	A part of her mind was struggling to put the puzzle together , but there were too many missing pieces .
tr	O	Amira felt herself wanting to believe him , and she tried to fight down the impulse .
tr	O	It can happen , but it is rare .
tr	O	I was responsible for it , and I had failed it .
tr	O	Howard bought out that company , too , and he brought the founders on board as consultants for a year .
tr	I	I jumped out of the pickup , and we parked in the driveway without pulling around back .
tr	I	It was on fire and she put her hand on Savannah 's side .
tr	O	His eyes flutter open wide and he takes a step back .
tr	O	Her favorite sniper rifle lay waiting , and she checked it out of habit .
tr	I	I really don 't think he actually does , and he never has .
tr	O	The torch in his hand barely held a flame , and several Shades blocked him from the wall of fire .
tr	I	I heard a sharp intake of breath , and his hand tightened on the steering wheel .
tr	I	She shoved with all her might and she grabbed Leander Jack 's violin .
tr	O	I looked up again , hoping that Donovan would appear in the reflection , but only my own disappointed face stared back at me .
tr	O	I didn 't want to stick my neck out and she got hurt .
tr	O	There would be plenty of room and they would love to have her .
tr	O	She holds me at arm 's length to study me , and I happily study her right back .
tr	I	They might catch him somewhere , but Cowboy was gone .
tr	O	Sage was still talking and she forced herself to listen .
tr	I	To be available whenever the visitors arrived but her mother had warned her not to gad about .
tr	I	I had no intention of letting her go and I held her as close as I could .
tr	O	She has a husband , children , a home , but somewhere along the way , she has lost herself .
tr	O	Her eyes opened wide and she looked wildly around .
tr	O	Zombies can be very difficult to kill , but there are no silver bullets for them .
tr	I	Dawn crept in slowly , and the curtains were drawn .
tr	I	Home for me is wherever you are , but I plan to go home , Alethea .
tr	O	It wasn 't the most extravagant dress perhaps , but Mary felt that it suited her quite well .
tr	O	* Greece * Classes resumed after the Easter break and May was a busy month in the department .
tr	I	She didn 't recognize who the other voice was but David was talking to someone .
tr	O	We were trapped , and it was now inevitable that we would be overtaken .
tr	O	There were always important things to do , and this was not one of them .
tr	O	I was starting to think that he had forgotten , and a strange part of me almost hoped he had .
tr	I	He was against the wall , but he looked behind him .
tr	I	I spent a lot of time hiding from the sun , and I 'd had pale skin even as a human .
tr	I	Please don 't give up on the chance that you 'll walk again , but I know you 're angry right now .
tr	O	It was a place Lil and he decided so long ago .
tr	I	You aren 't your father , and she 's not your mother .
tr	I	The weak bandit had to rest it on the edge of the wagon for his leader to see , and the breastplate was heavy .
tr	I	Tonight he didn 't care , but he realized her ploy had worked before .
tr	I	Brice didn 't want anything more to do with the teenager , yet she knew Skyler was destined to live with her .
tr	O	I hadn 't meant for my tone to be rough , but in my surprise it kind of came out that way .
tr	I	I stared straight ahead , and every muscle in my body tensed .
tr	O	He made a face , and Henry chuckled .
tr	O	Bloody Demon 's choice of song seemed to be based solely on its weight and it 's intended effect to strike awe into the crowd .
tr	I	I knew I wouldn 't be okay without them , but I wasn 't supposed to mix them with alcohol .
tr	I	His hands shook slightly as he examined it and he picked up the headband again .
tr	I	The decor proved it , and this was a town house , not a country house .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure , but it seemed better to bathe him before checking for any more head wounds .
tr	I	Both strode through the doorway as if the idea had been their own , and the guard passed her the keys .
tr	O	They streamed down her face and she wiped self-consciously at them .
tr	O	Heather thought she didn 't deserve to be happy , but the truth was , I didn 't deserve her .
tr	I	Her hold never did but her sobs eased .
tr	O	I said no and he walked away .
tr	I	I was still in control , but Shane won a small battle .
tr	I	She is stifling but I love her .
tr	I	I knew they made me look like a laborer , but they were the nicest clothes I owned .
tr	I	Those that heard his colorful language sometimes blushed at the creative nature of it , and he was a grumpy man .
tr	I	Claire wondered if her Mother was drawing breath for a new sarcastic come back , and there was silence .
tr	I	She felt lighter in her soul than she had since walking out of Simon 's life and a dozen childish voices shouting in unison made her laugh .
tr	I	Manfred needed to see something amusing , and that would have been pretty amusing .
tr	O	He 'd spent most of his life hating me , but now he 'd been told I was his brother .
tr	I	It reflected a man 's face in every window , and the driver 's side was illuminated with fire from the strike of a match .
tr	O	He was sitting out back , spying on the wrestlers as they came in , and he said that he saw Zeke Thunder enter the arena !
tr	O	It took me half an hour to find the trail , but when I did , I had no doubt I 'd found the right one .
tr	I	My body becomes electrified and his statuesque physique stuns my mind .
tr	O	Grandma 's mouth thins , but she doesn 't argue .
tr	O	I knew that should be enough for Sarah , but she wouldn 't commit herself .
tr	O	My mind was reeling and I just wanted to go back to bed .
tr	I	You 're wrong , but you seem to think I 'm too young to know anything about emotional pain .
tr	I	I sensed a certain subterfuge in his carefully phrased question , and he asked .
tr	O	He 's waitin ' on you , and you 're as much his family as you are mine .
tr	O	Perhaps I overstayed my time enjoying a hot bath , but I felt so refreshed that there was little room for feeling guilty .
tr	O	I don 't like that obnoxious assistant professor woman , and I don 't like your boss .
tr	O	I know it 's late , but I need to talk to you tonight .
tr	O	The letter sat on the kitchen counter and she picked it up .
tr	O	Today he chose not to wear a tie , but he had tucked a red pocket square in the breast pocket of his sport coat .
tr	O	Again , that warm feeling ran over my skin , but I didn 't have time to wonder about it .
tr	O	He grinned , but his eyes were sad .
tr	I	The fact remains that if they are , our comrades can 't be killed , but I can 't explain exactly why I thought they might be .
tr	I	He was my master and I became his puppet .
tr	I	She was hanging on by a thread , and Sera was their safety net .
tr	O	She went to get up , but he stopped her .
tr	O	To show me that he 's rich and eventually he 'll get whatever he wants , even if what he wants is me ?
tr	I	She was hungry for dinner , and Night was falling .
tr	O	He pulled her close and she felt the intense heat from his body .
tr	I	The ruckus of the party had died down when she heard footsteps approaching and it was some time later .
tr	I	On it lay Kat wrapped in white silk , and they formed a semi-circle around a stone table .
tr	O	Before long food was served , and conversation began between the twenty-five guests .
tr	I	They would start a life together and he would get the money .
tr	O	She was a good-looking middle-aged well-dressed woman , but most of her makeup was all smudged .
tr	O	I walked around towards her side , but she 'd already opened her door .
tr	I	I didn 't want to be in there longer than necessary but I hesitated opening the door .
tr	I	This Operative Nine towered over me , but I 'm a pretty tall guy .
tr	I	You lose everything - and you say no .
tr	I	We arrived in the Vale a few days later , and the weather held fair .
tr	O	The air through the door was foggy with dust , and there didn 't look to be any light .
tr	I	Mrs Whitlow would still have said , but she had to raise her voice above the argument .
tr	I	It 's the reason you 're currently unemployed and it cost you a fiance .
tr	I	Then they asked my father to protect you , and you were put in the orphanage as a way to hide .
tr	I	He was gone , but when it was Sienna 's turn to sign , I scanned the crowd looking for Jack .
tr	O	I chose it because it was near one of the biggest windows on the ship , and I liked to stargaze .
tr	O	My misted body came in contact with the bomber 's , and just as the tiaras had disappeared in my grip , so too did the human .
tr	O	He increased engine power , as the air was thin and the four powerful engines had to work harder .
tr	I	He 'd been wrong , but he hadn 't thought that anything could have hurt as much as losing Sibyl .
tr	I	I didn 't want to show it , but I was desperate to regain her favor .
tr	O	I held back a baffled head shake , as I knew that would certainly provoke a dirty look , and we continued on our way .
tr	I	I finally managed to open my eyes , but I couldn 't tell .
tr	I	John lifted it high above his head and his hand nicked it a hair before mine .
tr	I	She needed to head home quickly to pack and she had a weekend away with friends to look forward to .
tr	I	I wasn 't completely naive , but I may have be inexperienced .
tr	O	From there we go to the cleaners , and I pick up Mom 's suit .
tr	O	Dirt Man Two charged forward , and I used the air element to fling him back against the trees .
tr	I	Jared knew he wouldn 't be able to remember them all and the names were many .
tr	I	Neil wondered how he could stand wearing long sleeves in May , and the all-black ensemble Aaron wore did nothing to make him look any taller .
tr	O	I 'd worn her out , and she slept like a baby .
tr	I	I searched for Samantha , and the Bravado slowly began to retreat .
tr	I	Ryan sounded tired , but Jeff sounded great .
tr	O	She reached for my arm , and I spun around .
tr	I	She didn 't know why ... But I need to get out of here .
tr	O	A small twig snaps under her weight and she freaks out .
tr	O	You don 't like being replaceable , and you don 't like being replaced .
tr	O	They backed down the sidewalk and Ethan 's head hit the ceiling as the tires launched off the curb .
tr	O	We 're on our way there but she 's not picking up the phone .
tr	O	She had been in the country for a little over an hour and she was ready to leave .
tr	O	Orders were given and a small reconnaissance party left to check the Southgate police station .
tr	O	His brow raised slightly and he leaned into me .
tr	O	He passed her in silence , and she followed , silently grateful that he kept his pace slow .
tr	O	The glass was Miriam , and the wine was Dreamer .
tr	O	He was the pediatric infectious disease specialist and just hearing those words alone nearly sent me into hysterics .
tr	O	Maybe those things were true , but it was still inexcusable .
tr	I	I knew they were suffering from latte withdrawal and we hadn 't stopped at a coffee shop .
tr	O	I thought about Ryder and how devoted he was to Kenna .
tr	O	You 're too young , and you 're too fragile .
tr	O	Everything was different , and she knew it .
tr	O	His eyebrows lifted , and then he laughed .
tr	O	I could see the relief he and the others felt concerning that bit of salvation .
tr	O	They had built an empire , their cattle ranches renowned , but their enemies often went after their family members as well .
tr	O	We heard the butler returning , but he was running , clattering down the stairs .
tr	O	This sexual ease wasn 't something I 'd picked up , and Dorian knew it .
tr	O	He did not look happy with his assignment , but at that point she didn 't care .
tr	I	Maybe he wasn 't Matt hot , and his smile was kind of goofy .
tr	O	Seconds ticked by , and the room was silent except for the low hum of the air conditioner .
tr	I	She knew he was up to something , and she 'd felt him retrieve the stiletto .
tr	I	The others took the creaky steps to the second floor and I lay there quietly as Caden .
tr	O	Pyro was an energy catalyst , but the briefings had been pretty obtuse .
tr	I	Katherine nodded and Benedict shook his head slightly .
tr	O	It was Wednesday evening , and they 'd gathered here to watch the final cut of her dad 's commercial .
tr	O	I felt comforted , and my hand didn 't bother me as much .
tr	O	Horse shoes echoed in the tunnel as the entrance sealed again with white light and the woods between the two giant trees were visible again .
tr	O	The food was good but A.J. didn 't really taste it .
tr	I	His face was relaxed and his mouth was open .
tr	O	She attempted to put her own bag in the trunk but the driver stopped her , prying it from her hands .
tr	O	I 'm here al summer , but I real y do like it here .
tr	O	His eyebrows creased together , and his eyes grew serious .
tr	O	His dad had a camera , but it was way too big .
tr	O	They 'd tried it , and it didn 't work .
tr	O	I only meant to brush a kiss on your lips , but when I touch you , I go up in flames .
tr	I	The car started to pick up speed , and the pedal went straight to the floor .
tr	O	A thick silence filled the air and at last she lifted her gaze .
tr	I	She clicked on that and they were live-streaming their local broadcast .
tr	I	She quickly slid towards Alonso , which surprised him , and Alonso called for Lea , who was relieved for that .
tr	O	The chaplain had told him that he 'd need spiritual eyes to understand it , and that didn 't make sense either .
tr	I	I thought you wouldn 't turn down the opportunity to kill me , but I obviously don 't trust you .
tr	O	An unexpected crack of thunder followed , and she jumped back , out of his reach .
tr	I	He closed his eyes and the reaction was sickening .
tr	O	It grossed Kara out but she maintained my composure .
tr	O	Hampton wasn 't the worst place he 'd ever seen , not by a long shot , but it wasn 't the best , either .
tr	I	His hands shook where they held me , but Patch murmured soft sounds in my ear .
tr	O	Maybe it was as simple as my denied heart wanting him as a friend , or maybe it went deeper .
tr	I	Before he can ask any more questions , the priest quickly leads the man out of the caves and the messenger was given the scroll .
tr	I	It 's all I want , and it 's all I have .
tr	O	This was the busiest time of day in Wayward Pines , with school having just let out and the streets wonderfully noisy with the laughter of children .
tr	I	She was still here , but I had killed her a thousand times in my head .
tr	I	They always left her breathless , and they always had the same theme .
tr	I	The man 's talent was even more impressive than Adam had realized , but Chihuly was known for his massive glass installations .
tr	O	Fredericks got his hand burned , and Webster got a leg scratched .
tr	O	The pipes screamed and the house shuddered .
tr	O	Karol expressed his belief that it was unrealistic to expect that anyone would allow them shelter without payment , and their money could not last indefinitely .
tr	I	All the nuances of the home sat ready to explore and the weight of her gift simply wasn 't overbearing every sense in her system .
tr	I	She 'd expected that , but Jack wasn 't a good patient .
tr	O	I looked down to my knees and the scrapes had disappeared .
tr	I	He looks almost ... amused , and her dad 's brow arches ?
tr	I	I even scored a couple of very decent boxes before I began my search , and it was clean , for an alley .
tr	I	Somehow , this night felt imbalanced , but she awaited her beloved .
tr	O	We frolicked more on the longer days , but other than that , we didn 't much notice .
tr	I	Thing 1 laughed , and Thing 2 called .
tr	O	The more people who knew , the harder it would be to keep it from David , and I wanted to know more .
tr	O	The water was warm , but it quenched his thirst .
tr	I	I didn 't see her but I looked around for Lucky .
tr	O	There were claw marks on her chest , and the thing had another claw hooked into the waistband of her jeans .
tr	I	I don 't really give a damn what he says , but I 'm tasking with carrying his messages .
tr	O	I stammered thanks as he grabbed my waist and I hotly remembered the time alone with him in Cinque Terre .
tr	O	He 'd found his gun and all his attention was focused on moving it slowly behind his back .
tr	I	I still don 't like the thought of Zeke getting pulled away , but Damien 's decision is final .
tr	I	This was the opportunity she 'd wanted since she 'd learned of the foundation , but handling the field trips helped .
tr	O	I don 't know why , but the thought of him liking cakes warms something inside me .
tr	I	Ethan turned to look at me and I blinked .
tr	O	Her cat wasn 't in heat , yet she was .
tr	I	She swayed her shoulders and her voice hit all the sultry tones .
tr	O	I hadn 't really looked at him full on until now , but there was something terribly askew with his appearance .
tr	I	One could not escape the world forever , but it was a good place to hide .
tr	I	A quiver of excitement surged through my veins and I didn 't recognize him , not at first , until he turned around .
tr	O	Friends are great but they may not have a clue how to help you .
tr	O	Cale shoved Cassidy out of the way , but then he realized that the shot hadn 't been aimed at her .
tr	I	It would be much cheaper than living at the university for a third year , and they 'd divide the rent .
tr	O	Her eyes opened slowly , and her gaze met his .
tr	O	I watched as Lola walked back to me with Casper and I could feel the anger rising up inside of me .
tr	O	No tongues are going to wag about me here , and yours had better not wag when you go home .
tr	I	A vase shattered to Austin 's right , and the gun went off .
tr	O	James thought her mother locked Joni away from the world , but he was smart enough not to voice his opinion .
tr	O	There was no way he would do this , and we knew it .
tr	O	Another pause , and she could picture her father 's brother frowning down at the phone .
tr	I	A grey tone sets the mood for the day and the morning sun is hidden behind the heavy clouds .
tr	O	McGregor did not answer the bell , and the second half quickly became the Fabrizio show .
tr	I	She 'd loved Isaac more , but Joni may have loved him .
tr	I	The doors opened , and the elevator stopped .
tr	I	We waited for the doors to open and I smiled as he pushed the button .
tr	O	Richard didn 't say anything , but then , Claire had no idea what he really could say .
tr	O	She was still shuddering , and I rubbed her back .
tr	O	She reached out for the coin and I placed it in her hand .
tr	I	His voice hissed in her ear , and he grabbed her by the arm .
tr	O	Her lips moved , but no sound emerged .
tr	I	The tan fingers around the glistening stem didn 't belong to my boyfriend , but one of Del 's roses was right in my face .
tr	O	Well , she 'd studied acupressure , too , but she must have missed that chapter .
tr	O	He opened the bottle with a series of quick movements , and Adrienne held both glasses as he poured .
tr	I	He understood , and she pointed .
tr	I	She was floating to the surface , and he looked up .
tr	O	There was a full moon , and I looked out the window .
tr	O	She was smiling at something someone said , but there was something in her eyes , something out of place .
tr	O	I knew she heard the tension in my voice , and she studied me with a trace of apprehension .
tr	O	Gran was nobody 's fool and she believed the story completely .
tr	O	The door opened and Rock walked in .
tr	I	I felt alone and he read parts .
tr	O	They don 't have all the details but they do know they need that pendant .
tr	I	Arnold leaned ever more closely to her , and Kathy feigned an expression of astonishment .
tr	I	I nod and he asks .
tr	O	Darcy 's eyes slowly opened and she noticed Michel sitting on the side of her bed , grinning .
tr	I	I never apologized , but I felt terrible for what I said .
tr	I	The engine steamed perfectly and the nuclear fire bar continued to radiate heat .
tr	O	Jules has her sources and her instincts are uncanny .
tr	O	It was a waltz and they talked some .
tr	O	The Germans used poison gas first , but the British followed suit .
tr	O	She looked around wildly and I grabbed her arm .
tr	O	It was there , and then it disappeared .
tr	I	There was a clunk as her board smashed against the vessel 's hull , but Jade threw herself to her left also .
tr	I	He smiled inwardly , and he noticed she chose to ignore the dig about Cain .
tr	O	Sam watched helplessly , fearing the worst , but Harden just left Reddington on the floor .
tr	I	All this is the real thing , and I can 't even afford IKEA .
tr	I	At least it was something , but it was all I had .
tr	O	He didn 't really have any other option , and she didn 't appear to be a lunatic .
tr	O	She hadn 't heard from Mark all day but she knew he was busy .
tr	I	One corner of his mouth lifted and Amusement flickered in Travis 's eyes .
tr	I	She hit the speaker button and before he could reach for the phone , her fingers flew out .
tr	O	His eyes stopped on Heller , and the jailer quickly looked away .
tr	O	Once they left the lake behind , the turbulence cleared up and the jet landed in Grand Rapids without further incident .
tr	I	They 'll never see my face , but they 'll know it 's me , of course .
tr	I	She studied Ashton sitting in the armchair across the room and a sense of foreboding settled over her .
tr	O	John was pressing the button and the elevator began its ascent once more .
tr	O	The bolts unlocked and the fat boss walked up to the door .
tr	O	It was just a simple hug , but the tension racked up several degrees .
tr	O	Rock was still on the dance floor with Trisha and I had no idea where Dewayne had gone .
tr	I	Elise declined , but Aurora offered to drive her .
tr	O	Josh had a puzzled expression on his face , but at least he wasn 't laughing at her .
tr	I	I can 't imagine what else drew them out at precisely that time , but I don 't know for sure that Doc heard our message .
tr	O	She began to speak , but he kissed her again .
tr	I	She tiptoed in , looking adorable in her footed pajamas and the door slowly opened .
tr	O	The brightness overwhelmed me , but my eyes quickly adjusted .
tr	O	He fingered his jaw , but for once he was too numb to enjoy the pain .
tr	I	They were still looking at us , murmuring and he looked at them .
tr	I	She shrugged his hand away but he touched her shoulder .
tr	I	Baxter had chosen to stay there until he could afford his own place , but he 'd moved out of the apartment after a couple of years .
tr	I	They were all closed , but flanking either side of the hallway were other doors , only a few .
tr	I	It could have certain security protocols in place , but we don 't know what the ship is .
tr	I	I could actually feel my heart pounding in my ears , and by now my stomach was somewhere south of my knees .
tr	O	I slammed myself into the lockers again , hoping to stun it , but all that accomplished was giving me some bruises .
tr	O	He tries to run , but the floor is slick with entrails .
tr	I	The roaring of the wind died down , and he lifted a hand .
tr	O	She ran out and the kids followed her until she disappeared somewhere through the halls .
tr	I	He eased open his eyelids , and her name whispered through his mind .
tr	O	I flinch back , jerking my hands away , but the horn continues to wail .
tr	I	I didn 't want to , but I should 've said something sarcastic to lighten the mood .
tr	I	Preston cupped my face , forcing me to look up at him and my lower back pressed into the edge of the desk behind me .
tr	I	It was certainly easier , but she knew that it wasn 't healthy to always be alone .
tr	I	He was just too big , too strong but she kept pushing against his chest .
tr	O	He waited a moment but she didn 't continue .
tr	O	Eventually there was a big row and Alison stopped coming .
tr	I	Thor could see his fierce determination , and the boy 's eyes opened wide .
tr	O	Her blood kept him steady , and her love kept him whole .
tr	O	My face feels stiff with anticipation , but my heart is hurting , too .
tr	O	Nothing like the right time , and he seemed to be in a particular magnanimous mood .
tr	I	Carmine flew upright immediately , holding his hands up defensively and Corrado stepped forward again .
tr	O	I wasn 't even certain that I could bring myself to do it , but it was time to find out .
tr	O	It was always too much to expect things to be exactly as he wanted , and no ice was the least of his problems .
tr	I	Neither was I willing to let him , but he was not going to give up this fight easily .
tr	I	I could learn , but maybe have some cows , I don 't know much about cows .
tr	I	I didn 't ask either , but he didn 't say .
tr	O	The two men had refined a language all of their own over the years , and words never seemed to hold the weight of their deep connection .
tr	O	He grasped the sword , looked up at me , and I thought I saw a softening in his eyes .
tr	I	A young man lay sprawled across the dirt , his eyes fluttering open at the noise - but no attacker stood behind her .
tr	O	Riley smiled , and then it grew wider .
tr	O	Realm collapses next to me , and we 're shoulder to shoulder .
tr	I	We went inside the cold storage room and I said .
tr	O	I heard her muttering to someone else , but she did leave me alone after that .
tr	O	He didn 't get out , but he distracted Vivian , irritated her .
tr	O	They continued at a more leisurely pace , but there was nothing else casual about them .
tr	I	Alex lifted her gaze to the mirror and a deep voice spoke up from just behind her .
tr	I	I had no idea how many resources our enemies had anymore , but that wasn 't where we were really headed .
tr	I	He had a happy smile on his face and she glanced over at Tim .
tr	O	I looked over at Brodie , but he was silent .
tr	I	He makes a mumbling slapping sound when he talks and his lips kind of hang off his face .
tr	I	I do , but I don 't know why I feel so compelled to tell Olivia all my dirty little secrets .
tr	O	Sara had been saying no thank you for most of the morning , but Rafe was glaring from across the way .
tr	I	An unseen burden seemed to weigh heavy , slowing his steps , and he felt faint for lack of food , fear gnawed at his stomach .
tr	I	I ran up to his head where he looked at me with apology in his eyes and the four of us scrambled off him .
tr	I	Four will move on to the next round , and once that round is completed , five will fight .
tr	I	I am guessing that he now believes and Dante looks at the spaceman .
tr	I	He is the last thing on her mind now , but they are an arm 's length from one another .
tr	O	His hair fell over his eyes as he slept and his relaxed features held a boyish charm to them .
tr	O	She wore her heart on her sleeve and it made her easy pickings for men who wanted to hurt her .
tr	O	It is a beautiful night and this city is truly a beautiful one .
tr	I	The two rode away in delightful freedom , and the groom was dismissed .
tr	O	She looked back towards Hector , but he 'd disappeared below decks .
tr	O	She remembered the other man from the courtyard , and it was obvious that they were close friends .
tr	O	It wasn 't cold , but still it was water .
tr	O	She couldn 't imagine her grandfather handing over the reins , but that day was coming , she realized with a heavy cloak of sadness .
tr	I	His vision blurred and he was dazed .
tr	I	He groans and Knox 's head falls back .
tr	O	I threw up a hand to hold him off and it was completely red .
tr	I	Allie went looking for small game while I attempted to fish , and we reached our previous campsite at Laurel Lake .
tr	O	He heard the creature shriek once more and this time he heard a rustling .
tr	O	She told Darius this and he seemed to approve .
tr	O	Soon the incoming waves were washing over her head , and still she walked , until her feet could no longer touch the sandy bottom .
tr	O	The door pushed open and a man climbed out .
tr	O	Sebastian had tried , but he 'd come up empty .
tr	O	She hated running the kingdom without him , but she would do what she had to .
tr	O	I tried it over 15 minutes , but he wasn 't moving .
tr	I	If there was a way , I would figure it out , but I didn 't know .
tr	I	It wasn 't just because of the sheer terror I 'd felt in last night 's dream , and I was afraid to .
tr	O	His brows furrowed together , and a spark of hope entered his eyes .
tr	I	They kicked again , on cue , at Ren 's touch , and certain places in her body had been kicking a lot lately .
tr	O	He started with a song he hadn 't played in months , and I closed my eyes for a minute to take it in .
tr	O	Mateo could think only of Nadia , in so much more danger , and he couldn 't even get to his damned phone to warn her .
tr	O	He just sat staring in front of him at the endless trees ; and after a while they all fell silent again .
tr	O	Everybody heard him , but nobody was listening .
tr	I	A drawer held multiple rows of silk ties in every color from red to purple to black , and a small bin stored silk handkerchiefs .
tr	I	He 's not around anymore , but he used to live next door .
tr	I	His chest tightened , and his skin went cold .
tr	I	It was revenge , and there was something I had forgotten in this time .
tr	O	He wore a thick gray coat , and under it , a breastplate with the emblem of an iron gate .
tr	O	In that moment , I felt a spark of sympathy , but I squelched it before it could grow into a flame .
tr	I	Everyone reacted , and everyone saw it .
tr	O	She moved to help him , but he pushed her hands aside .
tr	I	I tilted my head to listen in on their conversation and their voices dropped in volume .
tr	O	A sick ripping noise reached my ears and I began to scream as the scars from where I had slit my wrists began to peel open .
tr	I	I 'm a pariah and I cheat on my husband with a 20 something .
tr	O	The barrage from above struck the Crusher , but ordinary bullets would never have pierced its armour .
tr	I	Then stopped , but I was just about to pull the trigger .
tr	O	He rinsed my hair and I leaned back against him , letting out a contented sigh as I watched him rub soap onto a washcloth .
tr	O	We were alive , but the dream was dead under a pile of rocks in the blood that stains a uniform .
tr	O	The key was in the ignition and I grinned , gunning the engine .
tr	O	Rachael was dissatisfied , but she kept silent .
tr	I	It was always with me , but I kept it to myself .
tr	O	I look at my phone and the screen 's gone black .
tr	I	He let her break free of his hold , and when the music faded away , Tamara made to pull away .
tr	O	She turned her head , and their lips brushed together .
tr	O	She thought the woods were calling her name and she believed she was a reptile .
tr	O	She wanted Gwen to have a better start in life , and already time was running out .
tr	O	I lay my head back down on the ice and I close my eyes .
tr	O	It was a bright day though , and Toby found it hard to stay blue .
tr	O	His mouth is cold and I gasp .
tr	I	Her words were swept away as joining in with Lucas ' laughter , Cass leapt into the air , but Lizzie swiped at him in indignation .
tr	O	You have already seen so much and you doubt about this one thing ?
tr	O	Her long fingers stroked the back of my neck , and her perfume hung heavy in the air , like a vapor cloud .
tr	I	He was stuck with her , and they 'd saddled him with a castoff .
tr	I	She almost enjoyed the pain , but Renna gasped .
tr	I	The butt of Kenny gun was already slamming into the side of Blake 's head , but the gun went off .
tr	O	Maybe he was uncomfortable around Clay , but a part of him admired the younger man 's strength .
tr	O	It was gorgeous and it made me hate James Hunter that much more .
tr	I	I recognized my father 's presence and a separate , powerful thread worked its way into my mind .
tr	O	Chapter 12 The day of the factory 's anniversary celebration had arrived and Mandi was excited about the entire day ahead of her .
tr	O	Hannah kept her tone as light as possible , but her stomach had tightened into a hard ball .
tr	I	Someone 's been cut and Window broke .
tr	O	It took him back to the days when she was a courtesan and he had booked a double session so they could talk as well .
tr	I	For some reason , he didn 't really care , but the ball missed the hoop by a mile .
tr	O	The weather had cooperated so everything had been set up outdoors , and the decorations were exquisite .
tr	O	Exhaustion pulled at her , but she couldn 't stop .
tr	O	Nate continued holding on to Annie 's hand , and she instinctively moved up behind him where she felt sheltered .
tr	I	It 's driving me crazy , and I couldn 't get that woman out of my head .
tr	I	Last time I owned one it brought more bad luck , but she says it 'll help me keep the curse away .
tr	I	At first I didn 't take it too seriously , and the images were almost Biblical , difficult to believe .
tr	O	Her eyes settle over mine , and a smile warms her lips .
tr	O	Immediately her ire faded to concern , and her eyes widened .
tr	I	He supposed he shouldn 't be , but he was surprised by the question .
tr	O	We would ride the elevator together , but it wasn 't the same .
tr	O	He led , and I followed .
tr	O	The Fox at this point looks no different than it does for miles in either direction , but the Indians had spotted the portage .
tr	I	I knew I would need some proof , but intellectually it made a kind of bizarre sense .
tr	O	They came to a stop beside the tree and she smiled up at him .
tr	I	She lingers on Reeve for much longer , but the question is directed at them all .
tr	O	The news said that the outbreak started today officially , but for me it all started yesterday .
tr	I	The long trail had ended and the crowd started to thin .
tr	O	He let out a soft grunt of frustration , but I could see that his eyes were resigned .
tr	O	He attempted to arrange his features into a look of sorrow , yet it was obvious there was no real emotion behind his expression .
tr	O	She said nothing at all , but she never did .
tr	I	It was a silly one , but that was a choice too .
tr	I	Draven enters the room and the door behind me swings open .
tr	O	He wants to get married , but I told him I had to think about it .
tr	I	I could tell after he was on his knees that he caught the smell of my blood , and he took Tara 's place by my side .
tr	O	Raegan was walking quickly , searching in her purse for something , and Kody was a few steps behind , trying to keep up .
tr	I	The leaves fell , whirling in the air and the wind struck .
tr	I	Her mind slowly started to function but there was only one light on outside the car .
tr	O	Up till this moment I have always seen him as the weak one in our relationship , but now I 'm not sure .
tr	O	I took a step closer in my sudden enthusiasm , and he backed up .
tr	O	Actually , he did smell a little unusual , but his scent wasn 't unpleasant .
tr	O	The sun would be up soon , but until then , there shouldn 't have been nearly as many demons present as there were .
tr	I	It seems there are no paths - but I thought we went along paths .
tr	O	He wasn 't touching her , but he was much too close .
tr	I	In fact he had none , but to the inexperienced eye it might look as if the older man had the advantage .
tr	I	I shake it , and she offers me her hand .
tr	I	I felt weary already , and Barrett smirked at me .
tr	O	She wanted him to stay and she wanted to be alone .
tr	O	Three of its divisions were on the block , and soon the company itself would cease to exist .
tr	O	His eyes softened and he moved closer .
tr	I	No tear dropped , but I felt like crying .
tr	I	If you 're in some sort of trouble , I deserve to know , and we 've been friends a long time .
tr	O	He managed two more , and then the phone rang .
tr	I	The craft was already yards above the ground , but he sprinted even faster toward the rising helicopter .
tr	I	I was fighting against it and I was getting sleepy again .
tr	I	I pray you do not seek me out and you are your own man now .
tr	I	Rick felt the sting of tears forming in his eyes and the warmth returned .
tr	O	He slides my legs apart and they fall open for him .
tr	I	Hildy ignores my Noise on the subject and I don 't say nothing to this .
tr	I	She liked him too well to believe such a thing , but she was reluctant to admit such a thing , even to herself .
tr	O	She tried to get off him , to stand up , but she couldn 't .
tr	O	It hasn 't been that long since breakfast , and we don 't have any food in here .
tr	I	Even a mastectomy wouldn 't have helped at that point , and the cancer had spread .
tr	O	If y ' all want , all y ' all can wait around a bit and if he shows up , I 'll send him right down .
tr	O	A tiny spark of hope ignited in her breast and she curled herself around it to keep it alight .
tr	O	Many feared that the King was murdered by the sinister Lord , who now inhabits this fearsome castle , but none would dare to question .
tr	I	My mom has been too heartbroken to do anything and my dad died last year .
tr	I	I still don 't feel like I know my own mind , and I 've had all day to think .
tr	I	I meet with each student to discuss their individual topics and the next week , we begin a writer 's workshop .
tr	O	She knew they weren 't going to get much closer , but she couldn 't stop the foreboding that pulsed through her .
tr	O	Victoria felt Sebastian 's eyes on her , and an odd chill went up her spine .
tr	I	If the Council says it 's okay , then we go live with him , and one of them picks one of us .
tr	O	With another glance over his shoulder he saw the suited men emerging from the vast tracked machine and he sighed heavily .
tr	I	She 'd just be setting herself up for heartbreak , and assuming it could turn into anything more wasn 't smart .
tr	I	If he had to , he would , but it wasn 't exactly what he wanted to resort to doing .
tr	I	A small , gray-haired woman stepped out , and the heavy library doors opened .
tr	O	The subject 's name was Redding , and he 'd been incarcerated in Virginia .
tr	I	Somehow , beyond all comprehension , it was about to become the focal point of a revolution , and it was his beloved home .
tr	I	I can see she 's really into it but I 'm not sure what kind of notes she 's taking .
tr	O	It sounded like another gate was banging open , and then I was being shoved in my back .
tr	O	Wanting more , she struggled to wrap her legs around his hips , but her skirt was tangled around her knees .
tr	O	He could go to the director 's office , but she 's not there half the time .
tr	I	I knew she must have realized it was huge , but she didn 't ask questions .
tr	I	These days she was taking notice , but a few weeks ago Alix would have considered details like that pointless .
tr	I	I feel it in my bones and Ellie sighs deep .
tr	O	In no time , his breathing evens out , but I lie awake , staring at the ceiling .
tr	O	Her family had been a huge snag and Jake had worked it through .
tr	I	At this point he was my only hope , but he was a poor excuse for a leader .
tr	O	There was a bright flash , and the lights in the library winked out suddenly , leaving Tessa staring at an unlit black square in the floor .
tr	I	Wilder rolls to lie beside me , and I take a gasping breath , trying not to let it overwhelm me .
tr	O	She brought her hand in front of her , and in it I saw a long , thin knife .
tr	O	The air had turned and the fire had blown out .
tr	I	She 's too tall , but I 'm slightly envious .
tr	I	She 'd been Kate 's gynecologist for years and Bonnie was a friend of Holly 's .
tr	I	Yet there was so much terror and her voice was a throaty whisper .
tr	O	Roth fell quiet and I took over flipping through the pages .
tr	I	It was worth it , but the throb in my hand increased with every second that passed .
tr	I	I will and I have said I shall move them from harm 's way .
tr	I	Frank was in a real state , and we finally got to Brownie 's about twenty minutes later .
tr	I	I had to practice my breathing technique , and a hot prickly feeling came over me .
tr	I	Every night from here on out he 'd be with Blythe , but he 'd spend this time with her .
tr	I	He made me forget for a moment that my chest was about to explode from pain , and Tripp always managed to make me laugh .
tr	O	I was curious too , and I loved teasing her .
tr	I	I doubled up my efforts to catch her and she increased her pace .
tr	O	This was proof that the government had murdered an innocent woman and they were involved in a lie to cover it up .
tr	I	Together they walked toward the hive and he led her from the building .
tr	I	I nearly dropped my bag , hustling over to the group of crowd fillers , and she gave me a look .
tr	I	It would do , but it was not as clear in tone as her own .
tr	O	My knuckles burned with the impact and I found every muscle in my body beginning to burn with unimaginable pain .
tr	I	He began to lick her neck , and his h * ps flexed involuntarily , pressing his hard length against her stomach .
tr	O	His arms slid around my waist , and I leaned down to kiss him .
tr	I	The storm may have delayed her somewhat , but she was planning to be here this morning anyway .
tr	O	His body shut down and he slipped away .
tr	I	We had no real way of knowing ... but the man 's life had seemed solitary .
tr	I	As the birth nears they occur closer together , but at first they are an hour to thirty minutes apart .
tr	O	It was messy , but it would have to do .
tr	I	She stared at it , and the receiver clicked in her ear .
tr	O	I wasn 't , but for her sake , I made my expression go neutral .
tr	I	Even so , she spent most of the weekend thinking about Steven , but she had brought home a lot of her work .
tr	I	He seemed agreeable to her choice of color and she told him her dress would be red .
tr	O	The survival suit shielded her from the brunt of the fall , but her left knee smashed into a jutting rock .
tr	O	We have a search helicopter en route from Oklahoma City , but the woman may be dead before it arrives .
tr	I	Then , he wasn 't willing to chance it , but he wasn 't sure she had the power to do such a thing .
tr	I	We 're not that far out of it , but we may be out of it up here .
tr	I	I could tell Gray did , too , and I 'd wanted more to happen , in all honesty .
tr	I	Kate wondered why it was so quiet , had everyone else been hiding too and down the hall they crept ?
tr	O	The way she said it , that word traveled through me , and I sure as hell wasn 't thinking about parents doing it .
tr	O	Abe was going to request a hotel but Shorty had a different agenda in mind .
tr	O	We exchanged the normal office small talk , but there was obviously something she wanted to speak to me about .
tr	I	Various weapons ' equipment was scattered throughout and heavy black mats lay littered across the floor .
tr	O	His tan was permanent , and his sharp brown eyes missed nothing .
tr	O	Stone didn 't smile , but his eyes looked happier .
tr	I	I know Ares will go straight for you , but you 're the opposite of that , Aiden .
tr	I	I quickly shut him out and Simon flashed across my mind .
tr	O	Go now , Antonietta , or you will catch a chill .
tr	I	His face went white as he clenched his jaw and Ali stopped .
tr	I	It was more than that , but I was surrounded by metal .
tr	O	They might turn to each other in the darkness , but his pack would never accept her .
tr	O	Madison could tell Annette didn 't like being cornered , but she 'd already decided to throw her support Caleb 's way .
tr	I	I listened to him anyway , but I still didn 't understand .
tr	I	She 's not looking at me , but I look over to where Reagan 's sitting .
tr	I	They went down and Sarah grabbed her sketches .
tr	O	Yes , it had been a good kiss , but it hadn 't been more than a kiss .
tr	O	It does not like the comfiest grass in the world , but dirt is underneath , which is a lot better than concrete .
tr	O	It was always the same , but there was nothing he could to do stop it .
tr	I	The canopy closed , cocooning them inside the humming machine and the Stinger responded .
tr	O	I strained to get closer , but his hold on me didn 't allow me to move .
tr	I	I felt like a missing piece of my soul had just returned and it slid into place .
tr	O	I 'd just moved out of my parents ' place and I was desperate to be a proper grown up .
tr	O	He had been a handsome man , but he wasn 't handsome any longer .
tr	I	Then that 1977 Mustang had breezed into his life , but he 'd had a chance to get the latest model of a Chevy .
tr	O	The gesture brought tears to Chris 's eyes and she nodded .
tr	O	I hadn 't even realized I had been holding it in , but once released , the dam broke .
tr	O	His skin went bluish , and he cried out in pain .
tr	O	She reached out to take it , and without thinking , I shouted No !
tr	I	He wanted to howl , and she propped her elbows on the counter , ending the contact .
tr	O	She 's there and she 's leaning up against the railing , smiling down at me .
tr	I	Entry was gained by way of an outside stairway , and the physician maintained his quarters on the second floor over a greengrocer 's shop .
tr	I	You have been so patient and I 've been so useless .
tr	O	He gives a tight nod , and we jog down the hill toward the trespassers .
tr	I	There were three of us and I only had two tickets .
tr	I	Slowly moving in his direction but it was faint .
tr	O	I had a picture of one of the most expensive sports cars in the world and you smoke me with a picture of a picture .
tr	O	I felt the hunger , so I started toward the exits to get away , but then something changed .
tr	O	In fairness , I 'm also shitting myself here , but I have to focus .
tr	O	Her hands rested on my chest , and she let a smile come out .
tr	O	He nodded in the direction , and she looked to her left .
tr	I	It terrified her , and she knew it .
tr	I	His skin was ashen and his breathing was shallow .
tr	I	The wolves had gone quiet long ago , and there were no warriors to be seen .
tr	O	I 've said my piece and that 's all I 'll say .
tr	O	He can feel it pushing , but he 's too young to understand it .
tr	O	The controls were calibrated and the batteries were fully charged .
tr	I	At least he grunted to my bad jokes as if he understood , but he couldn 't talk .
tr	O	He has a choice whether he wants to let me leave , and he will not .
tr	O	Its arms had been hacked off and it looked like it had shared a wash with some oily farm equipment .
tr	O	I hissed and he backed against the wall .
tr	I	Alcide had achieved it , but it 's not often a mind reader gets taken by surprise .
tr	O	My hands flew back to my mouth , but it was far , far too late .
tr	I	I could read her and she could read me .
tr	I	Iron was still beyond him , but he might connect with the elements of the earth .
tr	O	The sensation is so horrible that I want to cry and I know that it 's only a fraction of the emotion surging through Sean .
tr	I	Even then I 'd only slept there , and I hadn 't been back since Christmas .
tr	I	Pity filled his eyes nonetheless , but he tried to suppress it .
tr	O	This house had been severely damaged by the tributary , and Sam wondered how safe it was to be inside .
tr	O	He kept his head down , but his lips turned up slightly .
tr	O	He ripped the last button off , and I winced as the silk tore .
tr	O	Her face fell and she shook her head .
tr	I	She slept calmly and she was better .
tr	I	I still hit my head , but then they threw me down on the ground ; the sand from the fake beach cushioned the landing .
tr	I	For them the spectacle has passed , but customers whisper .
tr	I	He couldn 't contort his head around to see , but Deckard could hear a door slid open behind him .
tr	O	The trees were thinning out and I could see open pastureland ahead .
tr	I	The last rays of light were fading and the sun had set .
tr	I	I asked , and he was disappointed .
tr	I	Tall trees leaning overhead protected him from the light snow , and the hollow blocked the wind .
tr	I	Every nerve end tensed of its own accord , and his head jolted back as it hit .
tr	I	Now that we were married , it might be something he was expecting , but we hadn 't slept together since .
tr	O	Jenkins flipped on a light , and there was Larry .
tr	O	Tuck was nodding , and Sydney seemed confused .
tr	O	Michael 's shoulders slumped , and he lowered the tasers .
tr	O	One press of a button , the stake flips over and a silver blade comes out .
tr	O	The sky wasn 't clearing , but it hadn 't broke .
tr	I	The constant rain was beginning to bother it , but of course it didn 't mind the darkness .
tr	I	She felt Spud 's relax under her touch , but her stomach burned a moment as she drew the pain away .
tr	I	She forced herself to ignore the fluttering of attraction , but her heart skipped a beat at his compliment .
tr	O	We had reached my classroom , and I turned to face Michael .
tr	O	When I return , the children are still asleep and the bags are by the door .
tr	I	He looked as afraid of me as I was of him , and he had greasy brown hair that was hanging in his eyes .
tr	O	It was open , and he was waiting for me .
tr	O	The line goes dead and it reminds me of the sound of a flat line after a heart stops beating , desperate to be revived .
tr	I	Nobody returned the salute , but the man with the glasses raised an imaginary mug .
tr	O	I placed my hand on his shoulder and I turned him toward me .
tr	O	I took a piece of shortbread and she nodded at me encouragingly to take another piece .
tr	I	An ebony table rose from the floor , and with a quiet click it retracted back up into the ceiling .
tr	O	The vocal slit opened and smooth baritone issued forth .
tr	O	A few days passed and we began to worry .
tr	I	Nyala was listening intently , and Steve was nodding .
tr	O	He 's tall , good looking and his teeth glow in the dark .
tr	O	I hoped that it was a very , very secluded lake , and Nate was the only one who got to catch the show .
tr	O	I guess your cliché would have worked , but mine was better .
tr	O	When I looked back , that stoic mask was back over his face , and I suddenly wanted to cry again .
tr	I	He looks at me and Sean 's hands smooth over the outside of my dress .
tr	I	He knew the reason , but Ash didn 't answer .
tr	O	His Holiness believes a peaceful exodus from the schism is in sight , and it is exactly his peaceful disposition that renders him weak .
tr	O	Rita halted for a moment to tie the laces on her boots , and then she disappeared down a descent ramp toward Cartwright 's private quarters .
tr	O	Plutarch begins to explain the drawbacks here - the dangers , the extra security , the risk of injury - but Coin cuts him off .
tr	O	The smiles were real , and that , Chloe knew , was her favorite photograph of all .
tr	O	I tried to smile , but disgust twisted my lips instead .
tr	I	She almost did on the way to her apartment , and she could 've called him .
tr	I	I 'd take what I could get , but an I love you back would have been nice .
tr	I	At least it wasn 't so revealing , but the pink wasn 't much better .
tr	I	It 's a rare occasion when he actually does get called , but he 's on call most of the time .
tr	O	One would bring me a bit of trouble , but the other would definitely land me in jail .
tr	O	He shrugged it off , but Freda could see that it hurt him .
tr	I	She nodded , grinning , and Peter asked with a small smile .
tr	I	He had not , but she had expected him not to acknowledge her , maybe even treat her rudely because of what had happened to his son .
tr	O	He took me out every day , and we really had a good time .
tr	I	They were all eager to see it and there was a small town of sorts down in the valley on the other side of the ridge .
tr	I	I still can 't see her , but I look for her again .
tr	I	She was stripping off her clothes , and a silk scarf was in his palms .
tr	O	Becka had heard that story before and he hoped she 'd believe him one more time .
tr	O	On the outside it sounded like an extreme stalker , but she craved to be completely taken by a man .
tr	I	Her breath was difficult but her heart beat hard in her chest .
tr	I	In that same moment Billy accidently released the clip from its housing in the gun , and they threatened to attack .
tr	I	She didn 't turn , but she could tell by the sound of his voice .
tr	I	Something darkened his eyes , but his smile never wavered .
tr	O	My heart wouldn 't slow down , and that stupid knot just got tighter .
tr	I	He shook himself free of them , and they pulled him to his feet .
tr	O	She is adorned in a white glow , but I can see a small crimson empty bubble resonating heat , next to her .
tr	I	Something about the entire situation felt wrong , but he wasn 't usually nervous about anything .
tr	O	I watched him get in the car , and I didn 't offer him any reply .
tr	I	Their army 's survival could depend on the knowledge she held , and she was a female among the Lore .
tr	I	The trees along the sidewalk blocked the sun , but Twilight was still more than two hours away .
tr	I	The video flicks off , and the person walks towards him .
tr	I	She liked it that way , and she talked to nobody about Thomas .
tr	I	She worked every night , and Ravage opened every night .
tr	I	My thought of venturing outside to go to visit Jordan suddenly seemed like something for another day , and my room was still warm , though .
tr	I	There were only few survivors , and the border villages had especially suffered from the attack .
tr	O	I have no idea what is in it , but it is important for you to have it .
tr	O	He looked toward her , hoping to share his plan , but she was gone .
tr	I	She wasn 't making me feel any better , but I knew it wasn 't her fault .
tr	O	He was close , or he wouldn 't have given his position away .
tr	O	She moved against him , pure sensual woman , and he drank in the sound of her shuddering breaths , the way she trembled with need .
tr	I	She was willing to give it to him , and she knew what he wanted .
tr	O	I don 't know if you 're aware of this , but your father would make one heck of an investigative reporter .
tr	O	Just before time is up I find a page I missed , but I have no more time left to do it .
tr	I	When she did , her voice was gentle , understanding , and her friend didn 't say anything for a long time .
tr	O	She hated to hurt him , hated driving the knife deeper in order to get her own way , but it needed to be done .
tr	I	It couldn 't hide the tell-tale signs that he was losing the battle against his cancer , but his suit was tailored perfectly .
tr	I	Even the back wouldn 't be that disappointing , and at that second I decided I was glad I was in the middle .
tr	I	Wayne drove me to Jamey 's to pick up my car , and when the movie was over we grabbed a bite to eat .
tr	I	No words came out but I opened my mouth .
tr	O	It was a nice concept , but the practical problems were daunting .
tr	I	That of the United Irishmen seemed renewed , but they may have dashed my ardour .
tr	O	The woman was driving him completely insane , and he was about ready to beg her .
tr	O	His voice remained bland , but there was a furrow between his brows that told with eloquence of the worry he felt .
tr	O	He 'd actual y considered that I might say no and the thought of his insecurity made my consent feel al the sweeter .
tr	O	The man shot his wire again , but I raised a hand to shield myself .
tr	O	I should 've told you when we were alone in the clearing , but I didn 't really know you then .
tr	O	All the words reached our ears and that did not please us , as a matter of fact .
tr	I	I need a little help myself , and probably I can help you out of your present plight .
tr	O	Regan was hysterical and she needed reassurance .
tr	I	She went with it and Sylvia felt a rush of adrenaline .
tr	O	A hand braced behind his back gave him support , and Nick grimaced with pain as his body shifted upright .
tr	I	She didn 't seem nervous , but she looked small behind the wheel of the SUV .
tr	I	His head thrust out , nose almost to the stone , and he seemed to be crouched right down with his flat hands splayed on the floor .
tr	O	Her life is set on a path , and she intends to follow it .
tr	I	We 've made an opening and we 're here .
tr	I	She kissed me back , and her lips melted against mine .
tr	I	I hesitate to disturb him and he 's lost in thought .
tr	O	It wasn 't his fault , and he needed to know that .
tr	O	Ashlyn 's smile returned , and this time it was laced with feminine knowledge .
tr	I	The flash in his eyes giving it away , and he was angry about something , the way he banged on his keyboard .
tr	O	She was everything I 'd ever dreamed of , and my deepest regret then was not finding her first .
tr	I	Her eyes grew fearful and her voice dropped to a whisper .
tr	I	He gave her a quick smile before returning to his supper , and his brown eyes widened .
tr	I	He seemed to be speaking to me , but his voice was pitched loud enough for the large group to hear .
tr	O	None of that made any sense to him , but there was one part he understood easily enough .
tr	O	His Russian language skills might be lacking , but some communication was universal .
tr	O	He smiled and she nodded .
tr	O	We moved at a quick pace , but I couldn 't help constantly glancing behind me .
tr	I	She 'd been able to pull back before he 'd noticed her , but once , she 'd even seen Lucas .
tr	O	Her lips drew tight on her teeth and her teeth clenched tight enough to crack each one .
tr	O	Thon smiled at Ares and he nodded in return .
tr	O	When she awoke the next day , she felt she could face the day at school -- but she wasn 't the same person she had been .
tr	O	My breath came fast , and I did not take his outstretched hand .
tr	I	That sent me to heaven and he smirked at me .
tr	I	There was no sign of Ryder , but dying azaleas wilted on the northwest corner .
tr	O	Even Jan seemed to be impressed or perhaps he was just glad that the monologue was over .
tr	I	When you 're twelve , maybe it seems different , but like Aunt Maddy , I thought that was cute .
tr	O	Sparks crackled from the pins on her head , and her eyes flashed like a car 's hazard warning lights .
tr	I	With the Fates involved , it is never fair , but Life is not always fair .
tr	O	Compulsion wasn 't needed and he had grieving to do in private .
tr	I	He blocked me again , and I swooped around his left side .
tr	O	Gizmo would have been interested even if he hadn 't been drinking a brew of unknown origin , but as they talked , Gizmo found himself hooked .
tr	O	Matthew turned on the news , and he couldn 't have picked a worse time to do so .
tr	I	Now she was smiling and Solange held her crossbow .
tr	I	With me , there was plenty and Jones was saving me more embarrassment .
tr	O	His muscles tightened for an instant , but as she heard him exhale , they relaxed .
tr	O	I hated myself for it , but it was what it was .
tr	O	I might be able to pour more energy into the spell , attain greater clarity , but I wanted to save that as a last resort .
tr	I	I couldn 't be too sure but I thought I caught a hint of a flattered smile .
tr	I	His eyes quickly cast about for his slippers , and the floor felt cold under his bare feet .
tr	O	Thankfully the door opened and Trudie walked in .
tr	I	I could hear her inhale loudly and another pause on the line .
tr	I	He didn 't show it , but those words made Alonso feel a little touched .
tr	I	I won 't need it for a week and we are going south to spend the holiday season with his parents in St. George .
tr	O	She 'd looked at medical supplies , but that was all I could remember .
tr	O	This was embarrassing , but I didn 't want to admit I was there on official Society business .
tr	I	When Huw opened it they saw Philip standing outside and at that moment there was a knock on the door .
tr	I	She 's sitting up in the bed holding onto her head , scowling at me , and I look up at her out of my good eye .
tr	O	Something extremely hot and it burned .
tr	O	Behind her , someone called her name , but she didn 't turn around .
tr	I	He was quicker , but she was quick .
tr	I	I 've never seen a more romantic setting than this one and the stars shine brightly above us .
tr	I	I was left in darkness more pronounced than it had been before , and then it faded .
tr	O	Dee burrowed her head into the pillow , and he hesitated .
tr	O	The words came out slowly , and he knew he needed to share the rest .
tr	O	The automatic glass doors went from floor to ceiling , and there was no one around to bar her way .
tr	I	His eyes locked on the other agent , and Duncan 's head whipped up .
tr	I	I have no idea how to make it happen , but I wish I could prove that I 'm not an at-risk youth .
tr	O	It 's dawn and we see the light filter in through some of the windows high on the walls .
tr	I	For a moment , I thought it worked , and I threw everything in my sway toward her , pleading for calm .
tr	O	Just don 't let em feed you to that daddy of theirs , and you 'll be okay .
tr	I	I could feel how much he wanted me , and his eyes were already darker .
tr	I	Chain had found a way to harm them all without physically touching , but she didn 't know how .
tr	O	He begged entry , and Henry allowed him in .
tr	O	As the days wore on , Ryan grew less happy about her cold demeanor , and the grumbling turned into ful - blown arguments .
tr	I	His heart broke , and he looked up .
tr	O	The way was straightforward , but it required leaving the hotel again .
tr	O	Chapter 3 Harry stood and his breathing became strong .
tr	I	It was a long while before he could bear it , and the sun was shining brilliantly .
tr	I	She had already parked the bike behind a large clump of vegetation , and keeping to motorways proved to be faster than Nick 's A1 route .
tr	O	Panic sears my tired body , and I try to rouse her .
tr	I	Something about its sparseness said she only rented , but this beach-front house must have cost a packet .
tr	O	I don 't know what , but I don 't want you to be scared by whatever you see .
tr	I	We set off towards the sea , and though not sure whether Cosmo wanted my company , I agreed .
tr	O	Lea tried to attack , but just like her , Karen was still focused enough to dodge Lea 's attacks .
tr	I	Apparently , I was wrong and she 's on her feet .
tr	O	From there I outlined the strategy Stalker and I had agreed on .
tr	I	She did , but for a second , I thought she wouldn 't give way .
tr	I	Even doses of liquid Tylenol couldn 't cool their fevered skin , and Children cried out in their sleep .
tr	O	I tell all this to him , and he don 't even believe me !
tr	I	I tried not to laugh , and Nori nudged me .
tr	I	I looked at the vampire with some curiosity , and I 'd never heard Pam express such a strong opinion .
tr	I	I feel her hair lightly brush my arm , and Nina shifts next to me .
tr	O	I can 't hear my mom 's response but whatever it is , my dad 's not happy about it .
tr	I	I hear more shuffling followed by sounds of several different book avalanches and he disappears behind the door .
tr	I	Then a kid died during a fight with him , and he 'd been hassled for months , targeted unfairly .
tr	I	She needed to use the ladies ' room , and the line would start again in ten minutes .
tr	I	I was a child model , easily forgettable , but I was trying to forget mine We 'd both been famous .
tr	O	Rausch had only just entered the space , leaping to the side before Jude 's body could crush him , and he rushed to Sophie 's side .
tr	I	It would only taste of shame , but I would drink it still .
tr	I	I had gotten the impression from Mona that not many were full-time residents , but there were many people .
tr	I	Saying I could pick the restaurant and she responded a second later with an acceptance .
tr	I	It was all written down on one of these pages and nothing was trivial to the man .
tr	O	Her head is pounding , but the spinning has stopped .
tr	O	To see her sitting there in her yoga pants and a baggy sweatshirt was a sight for sore eyes .
tr	I	Begging ... or ordering ?
tr	I	The people fled and their civilization collapsed .
tr	I	I wont kill you - but you deserve to die .
tr	I	A tangled wool rug covered the floor , and Rainbow velvet curtains hid the floor-to-ceiling windows .
tr	O	Hopefully you will deliver him an heir immediately and he will be done with you that way .
tr	I	I 'm not really sure how to find him yet , but I can summon him in dreams .
tr	I	It quivered with fear , but her voice was quiet .
tr	I	He hurt himself a couple of times , and he 's been afraid to be outside .
tr	O	She 'd meant to garden for only a couple of hours , but the morning had gotten away from her .
tr	I	I could recite entire passages by heart and each time of reading it became easier .
tr	I	In my opinion they 're goin ' to make it work , and they know what 's to come .
tr	I	The sight of Armand made him want to cry , but he steadied himself .
tr	I	He 'd had a plan to achieve his getaway , and he also wanted out of their small college town .
tr	O	He wanted more petting , and that was as clear as if he 'd spoken the words .
tr	O	His shoulder wept blood through his jacket , but it was only a graze .
tr	O	One week of lugging this bag around , and I was tired of it .
tr	O	I don 't think it was actually peanuts because the guy didn 't chew his food well , and I found no peanut particles .
tr	O	The last cuff fell away , and she threw down the bolt cutter .
tr	O	There were even shackles on the wall , but thankfully , our two prisoners weren 't bound .
tr	O	I 'd just turned fifteen and he came to my room one night with two tickets .
tr	I	What I most wanted wasn 't on any menu , but my stomach was growling .
tr	I	He held his hand up to Cade and Fire blazed in his ice blue eyes .
tr	I	It was not only his mouth that knew the High Speech and he was the last of his breed .
tr	O	Daemon waved his hand , and the channels flipped rapidly .
tr	I	I said so and that sounded incredibly stupid .
tr	I	Then it blew open , smacking against the wall , and I could hear muffled voices right outside the door .
tr	I	He felt more exhausted than ever now but he had long since downed the Monster .
tr	I	She didn 't run , but she locked up again .
tr	I	It was packed with people and it was the widest street in the entire dome city .
tr	O	The walls were stone , and there was one long bench that ran across the west wall .
tr	O	I will tell you what I told him , and maybe you can convince him for me .
tr	O	She needed to convince him , but she had to be careful .
tr	I	It covered his shoulder wound , and Preston had draped a towel around his neck to catch the drips from his hair .
tr	I	Maybe he got things mixed up in all the stress of last night , but he thought for sure it was the other side .
tr	O	Her eyes went glassy , and I hated not knowing what to do to help her .
tr	I	His groin throbbed and his breath caught .
tr	I	I will require you to seal each agreement with a kiss , and don 't worry though , everything I plan is subject to your approval .
tr	O	Alix slid inside and they kissed briefly .
tr	O	Her expression is masked , yet her eyes grow watery .
tr	I	I wan na know my grandchild 's name and he is , you tell her that too .
tr	O	I didn 't have a plan , but if I was going to immobilize the fall en angel , I 'd need a weapon .
tr	I	A knot of guilt formed in the pit of my stomach , and he remained stoic as I walked across the meadow .
tr	O	Mallory 's pulse quickened under his fingers and his smile broadened .
tr	O	He was a diabetic as result of his weight , and his plan was to use the insulin to induce stupor by hypoglycaemia .
tr	I	Ali was mean and Paige was condescending .
tr	I	It had been recently cut , and the remnants of an ancient oak , it spanned nearly three of her feet end to end .
tr	I	He held a fist to his breast and his chest puffed out slightly .
tr	O	It bit them , but they were able to escape .
tr	O	She was tired , bone tired , and her back ached badly from where the big gypsy had thrown the rolling pin at her in the house .
tr	I	I don 't want to get sidetracked here - But I thought if you were gone , then .
tr	O	It 's only the fifteenth century and already Danny is getting tired .
tr	I	This time he didn 't reach over to touch my knee , and he said nothing .
tr	O	There is natural light streaming through the room , but I see no windows .
tr	I	Soldiers died , and I made the choice .
tr	O	Knowing his stay in town wasn 't permanent , and never needing much space , he 'd rented the empty room over Joe 's Bar .
tr	O	His nightmare always took place in a hospital , but for him it was never just a dream .
tr	O	I thought I was , but maybe I wasn 't .
tr	O	I looked at Greyson then and his blue eyes gazed into mine with an emotion akin to sorrow .
tr	I	I 'll help you , and help me .
tr	I	The crown of her head was covered demurely with a thin golden veil but her long auburn hair hung loose down her back .
tr	O	The pills he took were prescribed to him by his doctor , and they contained codeine , which can apparently convert into morphine in the human body .
tr	I	She 'd never really learn , or she had to figure it out on her own .
tr	I	We all sat back down around the table , and Maria pulled up two more round orange chairs for us .
tr	I	A doctor walked in and the door swished open .
tr	O	His head was shaved completely bald , but he had a goatee that was made up of black hair .
tr	O	My fingers brushed the walls and they felt like unfinished drywall .
tr	O	Maybe he could find a job he and Delilah could team up on .
tr	I	Somehow the sentiment didn 't ring as true coming from Morgan as it did from Ethan , but so I 'd heard .
tr	O	He turned to walk away , but Trevor didn 't follow him .
tr	O	He is trying to comfort her and I can see she has been crying .
tr	I	I knew she no longer expected me to do so and she knew I would not open my door unless asked .
tr	O	You said the tests would not hurt and I believed you .
tr	O	The molecules of my mind are still scattered , and I float through oily black space , trying to swipe them up like fireflies .
tr	I	Papers flew and Glass shattered .
tr	O	She sighed and he deepened the kiss , sweeping his tongue inside .
tr	I	It opened at the touch of Liliana 's hand , yet there was no visible latch on the door .
tr	O	Magnus bore the sight of him , too weak to stand and still hurting himself , as long as he could .
tr	O	' Somewhere nice ' turned out to be Claridge 's , and I hated to think how much it would cost .
tr	I	A road well worth traveling , but they had a long road ahead of them .
tr	O	Tully thought he was dozing , but she wasn 't completely sure .
tr	O	The door opened a second later and Denise stood before me , frowning .
tr	I	We 're back on your trail now , but I lost your scent for a time .
tr	I	His body responded , pulsing within me to the beat of our hearts , and I rose to meet him .
tr	I	Emma 's words explained why he was so cautious in even that , but he 'd had enough of a spine to befriend me .
tr	I	He was in the middle of a series on the seven Sacraments and Joseph was teaching the last year of Confirmation .
tr	O	Most of the details are blurring but I still remember the overall theme .
tr	O	She didn 't look up when we came in , and I wondered what she was reading that had her so absorbed .
tr	O	I find Sky exhausting , and I 'm not sick .
tr	I	I rubbed it in hastily as Judy yelled that it would ruin the carpet and the wine spilt on the rug again .
tr	I	His whole face lit up with the happiness of a kid on Christmas morning and he smiled .
tr	I	You have babies already , and you 're only nineteen !
tr	I	Then she might seem pathetic , but she thought about phoning Margie .
tr	I	She already missed him , but they 'd only been apart half a day .
tr	I	The topics I had chosen were ill conceived , or they were either ill timed .
tr	I	My body jolted and there was a loud snap .
tr	O	We ate in silence , but it wasn 't awkward .
tr	I	She didn 't want to believe it , but something kept telling her Franz was dead .
tr	O	He looked for a place to carry additional nut bars , but his polyester jumpsuit had no pockets .
tr	I	Lexi couldn 't take it anymore and Mia launched into another college story .
tr	O	They didn 't provide complete cover , but it kept things R-rated at least .
tr	O	The boy did not appear completely satisfied at this but he relaxed slightly .
tr	O	A roomy walk-in closet opened to my left , and I darted inside as the bathroom door opened .
tr	I	Dreamer nodded , and said Miriam .
tr	O	Audrey questioned and stepping away .
tr	I	By then it was too late , but lost in her passion , it took her a moment to acknowledge the pain .
tr	O	Bertram was a semblance , so he was free to talk , but the unexpected response startled him .
tr	I	He handed it to me , and a sigh rushed from his lungs .
tr	I	I am not a mage ... and the Seminary no longer exists .
tr	O	He was so spoiled about these things and I loved him more because of it .
tr	O	I made a mistake , Jax , and I can 't begin to tell you how sorry I am .
tr	I	His expression is grim , but he touches her neck then her wrist .
tr	I	He was too much a gentleman to push her on it , and Raja couldn 't argue with her logic .
tr	I	The thought of it sort of terrifies me and I 've never been on an airplane before .
tr	I	They wouldn 't let me do it , and if I told Ryan that the potion might drive me insane , he 'd tell Tam .
tr	O	The likeness was impeccable , and he reached out to pick up the sketchbook , then paused .
tr	O	She might have felt a smidgen of relief , but Sean had no right to dictate to her .
tr	I	He was nowhere to be seen but Bax 's Hemi ' Cuda was up on the rack .
tr	O	Tears blurred my vision of him and I had to blink to let them out just so I could see him clearly .
tr	O	There were thirty-something people in the shadowy room , and I saw him right away .
tr	I	He had bigger concerns on his mind right now , but he knew she was saying it for his benefit .
tr	O	A light flips on and I shield my eyes .
tr	I	The person was never him , but each time her heart raced .
tr	I	She blushed some more for those thoughts , and he had the softest lips .
tr	O	We were in serious trouble and we al knew it .
tr	O	He placed his hand on the man 's back and his own power flowed .
tr	I	I ended up in a city and the king showed me how to leave .
tr	O	Jason checked to make sure the tiny metal recorder was still in his pocket , and then he led her by the hand to the next pass .
tr	O	On his left was a bay window , and Jeffrey could see into the east side of the park .
tr	O	He didn 't call her , though , and he couldn 't fully understand why .
tr	I	He watched me intently the whole time , and I put the thermometer under his tongue .
tr	I	I 'd left it out of my plan , but I 'd seen our Alchemist jailers do it many times .
tr	I	Her heart was in her throat at the thought that she might not see him again and Brian had left her with Jack .
tr	I	Partner with him in a shop he just opened and he wants her to come out .
tr	O	They dragged me to these tent revivals all the time , so I was used to it , but this was different .
tr	O	He 'd turned off the microphone , and understanding lingered behind his no-nonsense stare .
tr	O	I felt her teeth scratch my neck and I elbowed her in the side , wriggling out of her grasp .
tr	I	I was suddenly grateful to have him there and he winked at me .
tr	I	Wolves were faster , but vampires were fast .
tr	O	Her chest felt heavy and she pressed her hand against it hard as she took another nervous look around .
tr	I	That made her think of all the times she went shopping with her mother , and she needed a dress for the funeral .
tr	I	Rather , it had chosen her but she had not chosen this path .
tr	I	The blight was still too fresh in mind for me to even think about eating any more dried meat , but most of it was fruit .
tr	O	He laughed , but it was a cynical laugh .
tr	I	She really needed my help and maybe she wasn 't joking ?
tr	O	The sun is starting to come up , but he hasn 't noticed it yet .
tr	I	Police suspect foul play , but the cause of death is not known at this time .
tr	O	He was smiling at his joke , but I wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	I	I couldn 't understand where he got the will power - but he was certainly smarter than I was , just avoiding it entirely .
tr	I	The creature fell to the ground and before the banshee could focus , a hatchet slammed into its face .
tr	O	Dreams didn 't pay bills and they certainly didn 't provide for the future .
tr	O	I could back away and he 'd let me .
tr	O	Phillip didn 't know how lucky he was , or maybe he did .
tr	O	I tried to scream , to shout at the beasts to stop , but I could not breathe .
tr	O	All it would take was one thought of her dream lover and she would be right back in the same situation of frustrated lust .
tr	I	Helen 's lips twisted bitterly , and Ducky 's anxious voice sounded .
tr	I	It did not come , but he expected another beating as payment .
tr	O	He also said that she 'd lost some memories , and the doctors had told her she may never get them back .
tr	I	Neil couldn 't stick around that long , but Nicky wanted Neil to wait for Andrew .
tr	I	He fitted them together and Mada noticed that they were of the same fruit .
tr	O	He hadn 't wanted to tell her like this , but all hell would be coming down in a hurry .
tr	I	It would always be there between them , and it underlay everything else in their relationship .
tr	O	Time passes and I forget .
tr	O	For a brief instant , he couldn 't catch his breath , but then he was running just as hard as they were .
tr	O	I feel the Superior summoning me but I can 't tear myself away from the cataclysm before me .
tr	O	Now it 's getting dark , and what must be half of Stillwater has gathered in the backyard to celebrate .
tr	I	Her body relaxes back toward sleep and her mind settles .
tr	O	The glass eyes didn 't look at her , and the ruddy plastic face couldn 't change expression .
tr	O	It was a romantic vision , even poetic , and Jeremy had never been prone to poetic thoughts .
tr	I	She turned to Rand a little warily , but the worry left Adele 's face immediately .
tr	O	Eyes closed and teeth clenched tight , Brian 's mind spun from how damn good it felt .
tr	I	I felt no pain , yet before I knew it , I was in another portal , my body being flung around like a rag doll .
tr	I	I sort of like having Gage , with no pressure to choose Logan , and it seems like that will only complicate things .
tr	I	He had no reason to be in a bad humour , and some provision was made for himself in the will .
tr	O	The bleeding had stopped but he would have a large scar for a long time .
tr	O	The pressure on Chris 's hand ebbed somewhat as the rolling ebbed , and once again the ship sat proudly on the sea .
tr	I	Ion could feel the focus in him , and the vigilante stood rooted to the spot .
tr	I	The tingles disappear , and she pulls her hands back .
tr	I	Some were so bold as to tell the tsar how they felt and none lamented his death .
tr	I	The doorbell rang again but when Luis was gone , Michael turned to say something to Jase .
tr	O	I turn my head away to hide the smile on my face , because he 's just having fun and I 'm enjoying it way too much .
tr	I	Nothing would come out , but he tried to call them back .
tr	I	There were hiccups , but we were slowly getting comfortable with one another again .
tr	O	Tavi froze , and his mouth went dry .
tr	O	I may not particularly like her , but I would never want her to feel guilty for making that choice .
tr	O	Barry 's frogs were waiting for him outside , and we could hear Barry 's voice coming from the closet .
tr	I	It took off and Dean chased the calf out into the open .
tr	O	Doors were opened and everyone piled in .
tr	O	Jonathan felt Jessica 's arms tighten around his chest , and he focused on the white lines of the road .
tr	I	He 'd needed to shift to the saving end of the job before he burned out , but he wasn 't ready to hang up his uniform .
tr	O	No , it wasn 't that cold , but my ears got cold easily .
tr	O	I 'm taking my frustrations out on you and it 's really Damon I 'm furious with .
tr	I	I wanted to get you on the phone as well but you should receive a certified letter shortly .
tr	O	Emily doesn 't respond , but another high-pitched voice does .
tr	I	He figured that any ships would have landing lights on , but at this time of night , he couldn 't see anything .
tr	O	Everything else I love , but the timing sucks lemons .
tr	I	She paid them no mind , but the arguments rifled through her thoughts .
tr	I	He leads me straight into his bedroom , but there are a few doors upstairs .
tr	I	Really , it wouldn 't have been that hard , and I tried to drown .
tr	I	The weekends , at least , still seem to be going strong , but I thought things would settle down now that fall is here .
tr	I	Our eyes locked , and she slipped the cool platinum band down my ring finger .
tr	O	Only one person would talk , and that person is not French .
tr	I	There 's nothing to hear , but dove 's still listening .
tr	O	While I wasn 't paying attention to Jace , he pushed against my shoulder and I slammed into the ground .
tr	O	Thomas cried , and she stopped .
tr	I	I started to panic and we approached a door .
tr	I	He didn 't , but I was afraid he was going to argue .
tr	O	His homosexuality never bothers me , but it is in my thoughts .
tr	I	She apparently had no intention of admitting it and the woman behind the mask was Lauren Perkins .
tr	I	She raised her hand , and they began to sing .
tr	I	I was blindfolded , and we were both naked .
tr	I	You just need to let me do this but I 'm really sorry .
tr	O	My tone sounded harsher than I intended , and I watched as he shifted his gaze away from mine .
tr	O	Brielle stepped to the front of the line , and the boy who was about to throw gladly handed over the ball .
tr	I	I applaud him and the song finishes .
tr	I	I am aware of them , but those were not our men .
tr	I	Dylan stepped back , and they released each other .
tr	I	It must have seemed greatest so soon after the rebellion but for as long as King Richard lived there would be danger .
tr	O	The heat didn 't help , but it was more than that .
tr	I	She was bullshitting me about not knowing how to play or she was either very lucky .
tr	O	Business was booming , and I was actually busier than before .
tr	I	Flung it out of the way without difficulty and whenever he struck a rock , he levered the blade of the shovel beneath it .
tr	I	She greeted me with a heartfelt smile and I sat down at my usual seat .
tr	I	You 've been denying any connection with her , hoping to curry favor , and all this time I 've been praising her name .
tr	O	He was well aware how stupid the rush was , but he couldn 't let Pattern die too , not if he could save him .
tr	O	I didn 't trust him as much as he didn 't trust me , but somehow we didn 't say anything bad to each other .
tr	O	I returned to the painting , and this time saw the signature .
tr	O	Cassie opened her mouth to speak , but Nick was going on .
tr	O	He sat me backwards and I struggled to shoot arrows at whoever threatened from the rear .
tr	O	We 'd been here for two weeks , and I still hadn 't found the time to take Noah anywhere .
tr	I	It definitely wasn 't that , but he wasn 't certain what he had expected her to say .
tr	O	David was relieved , but he was still irked that Simon would leave the bank at this critical time after knowing that David had just left .
tr	O	I found the records for his home again , but a second property he owned also came up .
tr	O	He checked his watch and it read ten past the hour .
tr	I	Andrew 's car was the only one parked there , and the parking lot was out back .
tr	I	They 'd been walking downhill for an hour and it was almost noon .
tr	O	He was thrown into a chair , and the lights came on .
tr	I	The stars were out , wavering in the wind , and I woke up a few hours later , cold .
tr	O	Bill had access to almost everything inside the company and he did an exceptional job of copying files .
tr	O	You 'll say it was stupid of me , but I went down to her room .
tr	I	She certainly had control of her own checkbook now , but she might be fighting for control of the company .
tr	I	At least three-quarters were , but not all of the sixty-five thousand seats were taken yet .
tr	I	Six soldiers would carry the firebombs , which could be lobbed as far as somebody could throw them , and Tully planned to start the fires .
tr	I	He 'd lost his own inhibitions somewhere along the way , and he 'd seen a thousand years of long nights .
tr	O	She wasn 't wearing all that black shit around her eyes and Callie had a haircut that made her look like a guy .
tr	I	It didn 't , but she expected it to hurt .
tr	I	I take a step away from the hot air in my face and the smell of smoke assaults my nose .
tr	I	Now I was drunk , too , and I was paranoid from the pot .
tr	O	Now you are come back to me , and I cannot make you a joy .
tr	O	She closed her eyes to ward off the image , but it only intensified the vision .
tr	O	I wasn 't okay , but what I could say ?
tr	I	We stopped just outside the office , and we rounded the corner , walking down the long hallway .
tr	I	It has handmade rugs so soft I sink into them , and yeah , I like the Blue Room , very serene .
tr	I	I feel just happy , and I am still waiting for further opinions of you , people from the whole world .
tr	O	She avoided using his name again , and I appreciated it .
tr	O	I curled my hands behind his neck , moaning into his mouth , and he crushed me against his chest .
tr	I	The name was cut from his lips and the Lender gave him a sharp look .
tr	I	He was simply too exhausted , but he would have held on .
tr	O	The tail dived between its legs and it scampered away as fast as it could .
tr	I	None were forthcoming , but I searched my mind for answers .
tr	I	Let 's keep it simple , but actually , I 'm a diluted version of his personality embodied in your sub-conscious since birth .
tr	O	I 'd been focused on my thoughts , and I didn 't see him start to slide away along the slope .
tr	I	Through the haze of drugs I see him , and I look over my shoulder .
tr	I	I listened to the dial tone , and he hung up on his end .
tr	O	You 're no patriot , and neither was your father .
tr	O	The physical contact helped to sooth Tasha and she absently wondered if Maven was using Fae magic to calm her .
tr	O	They spoke quickly and it occurred to Mona that they were arguing .
tr	I	Something about that look makes my tummy melt , and his jaw has a few days of stubble that makes his face look more rugged .
tr	O	He also knew he was acting spoiled , but he was unable to help it .
tr	O	It was probably the most unpleasant thought he 'd had in years , if not ever , and he instinctively tightened his hold on her .
tr	O	Seeing Charming over her with blood on his face and a wild look in his eyes had been shattering .
tr	O	She had seen a ton of dinosaur films , but seeing them for real was surreal for her .
tr	O	Blake was doing something with his wrist , but my eyes latched onto the front door .
tr	O	I say , and she wipes her nose again .
tr	I	I knew that he had expected me to leave and Tarquin 's expression had changed to one of admiration .
tr	I	Everything had seemed normal , and I 'd watched her check in .
tr	O	He 'd revealed painful memories and she 'd admitted to embarrassing truths .
tr	I	I bang my shins , hard , on the harsh , jagged edge of the stair and I stumble trying to climb up a particularly high step .
tr	I	He liked the dog immediately , but he 'd never pictured Rina with this kind of breed .
tr	I	We stepped out onto the stage together as the opening strains of the song came up , and Jeff handed me one of the cordless mics .
tr	I	They 're pretty spectacularly horrible , but I 'd seen beheadings before .
tr	I	He sits across from me and Daniel covers me with a soft blanket .
tr	I	We bump over the grass in search of the others , and the engine roars as Johanna presses the gas pedal .
tr	I	She slapped my hand away but I reached out to touch her .
tr	O	I begged my father to let me go with them , but he said no .
tr	I	Something more powerful prevented thee but my mind whispered to avert thy gaze .
tr	O	I walk out , and everyone hugs me .
tr	I	Antagonizing him right now wasn 't wise , and he was wandering somewhere inside his head .
tr	O	The eyes of one of the bodyguards raked towards him and he sensed that he 'd become a target of interest .
tr	O	He might not be paying any attention to her at all , or he might still be keeping an eye on her .
tr	I	He stormed down the hall to his room , and Christopher 's chair screeched against the tiled floor .
tr	I	He noticed she was shaking a little from his caresses , and she lay back .
tr	O	I struggle , but I have no more strength left .
tr	I	His was gone , which was truly odd to witness and men of this time period lost their hair .
tr	O	There were laser lights flashing from the yard and I asked myself if this really was a grandmother 's house .
tr	O	She waved her hand and the blanket over them retreated .
tr	I	Dave annexed the lab and Little Mike departed , shaking his head .
tr	O	She 'd been enjoying the evening so much and now this woman was ruining it !
tr	I	The imprint of large fingers could clearly be seen and indeed a deep , purple bruise encircled the top of her arm .
tr	O	He set his hand over mine again , and this time I didn 't pull away .
tr	I	She let hers drop , and Maddie held on to his hand until he 'd moved too far away .
tr	I	His image still hovered at the front of Nate 's consciousness , but the strange man may have left .
tr	O	He nods , but there 's something in his eyes I don 't like .
tr	O	These were ordinary questions and I always answered truthfully .
tr	I	Pete next door said he 's lost three and it took two of my lambs last week .
tr	O	Brat have I been talking a lot , and he 's made some good points .
tr	I	No makeup sprawled all over her vanity and there were no clothes on the floor .
tr	O	Her mouth was at my ear before I could form words and her hand was rubbing my instantly hard dick through my jeans .
tr	I	Rivers sighed , resting his head against the wall , and several prisoners exchanged nervous looks .
tr	I	It came from behind but I heard gun shots .
tr	O	She blinked , then shook her head , trying to concentrate but it was hard when he was doing that to her hand .
tr	I	At least for now they 've carded that ' safe ' , and our exposure will only be a matter of a few minutes .
tr	O	Sarah could see very little of his face , but she knew he was staring at the house .
tr	O	She might be beautiful as hell , but she was quite the sweater .
tr	O	The only person I believe capable of piecing them back together is Christopher , and he appears completely unwilling to do so .
tr	I	They 'll just have to be quicker , but the automatons would be a problem .
tr	O	Marion looked at me over her coffee cup and I almost choked .
tr	O	Ken is dead , and many lives were ruined .
tr	O	Something about that sentence struck a chord with Dennis , but he couldn 't figure out what it was .
tr	O	He started laughing and the twins laughed with him .
tr	O	He hadn 't seen any reindeer , but he 'd seen rows of blue lights before -- at the airfield outside of town .
tr	O	A few guys looked me over , but every girl we passed stared at Alexander like he was Criss Angel performing magic .
tr	O	I jump in last , and then we 're off .
tr	I	She couldn 't keep her arms crossed forever and the thin material wasn 't hiding a single thing from his view .
tr	O	I know you don 't want to think about that now , but it 's just life .
tr	I	Another one moved to Kansas , which is why we travel there occasionally and four of our boys stayed in Texas .
tr	I	It 's not there but the police told us they 've found its tyre marks in the yard of Ryland 's back drive .
tr	O	Call it instinct , but something felt off .
tr	I	Then she had to deal with what her eyes were showing her , and that was al the respite that she got .
tr	I	I crawled out of the gutters of Flea Bottom , and you were born of a camp follower .
tr	I	I gave directions and the cab arrived .
tr	O	Patch breathed a laugh , but it held an edge .
tr	I	Others wouldn 't be so strong but she could resist the blood bond .
tr	I	He didn 't want to remember Abbey , and he didn 't want to be cheery today .
tr	I	Tears perched on the bottom lids waiting to spill down his cheeks , and they were red .
tr	O	My breath caught in my throat and I turned .
tr	I	They seemed willing to trust her judgment , but they hadn 't been happy about it .
tr	I	I opened my eyes , and he kissed me on my forehead like a parent .
tr	O	The driver jumped out of the truck and his heavy boots crunched against the gravel .
tr	I	She 'd spoken loudly enough to draw the attention of someone in authority , but he didn 't bother .
tr	I	I wouldn 't need it , but the screen on his desk was dark .
tr	O	I knew the minute you started licking their feet where it was going to lead and I wanted it to go there .
tr	I	Now the world could see us , but I wanted to kiss him again .
tr	O	She hugged me back and I heard her sniff .
tr	O	The doctors agreed her father would recover to some degree , but only time would tell how much mobility he would regain .
tr	I	They had seen more ghosts entering the circle of lights , but they hadn 't seen anything lurking .
tr	O	He shakes his head and his pain envelops me .
tr	O	What mattered was her baby 's happiness , and Angie 's .
tr	O	The bed was comfortable , and Taya left her alone .
tr	I	His mouth was entirely upside down , and his cheeks were at different heights .
tr	I	The next started , and the song ended .
tr	O	They were hurt , but they were alive .
tr	I	I wasn 't trying to be but I am sorry I was rude .
tr	I	It would take too long to dig so many separate ones , but that wasn 't a whole lot better .
tr	O	Her father had died soon after the civil war begun , and Lucy moved back to Roche with her mother .
tr	I	She turned to the right , and it emptied into a hallway .
tr	O	Isaiah turned it off earlier , but we all began to freeze .
tr	I	I 'm tired , but it 's early .
tr	I	Every comfort was shown them and the food had been excellent .
tr	O	She didn 't tell me why , but then , we haven 't spoken much since last summer .
tr	I	The fire was contained , but the cabin is gone .
tr	I	Her voice was firm , but she didn 't sound angry .
tr	I	Landing on the deck had jarred his bones again , but he gasped for air as the numbness in his arm slightly subsided .
tr	O	I had only considered how the new Cure rule would affect me , but Felix was a fellow Descendant .
tr	I	Now we 're looking for one of your sisters , and we picked up Tall Man two hours ago .
tr	I	I knew I wanted to be in it , but I had no idea what the amateur contest was about .
tr	O	She tried hard to reclaim some hold upon the tree , but it was too late .
tr	I	It tore me up to watch him like this , but I didn 't know why he was so tortured .
tr	I	I know that it 's her way of retaliating to the people who badmouth our family , but she 's never said .
tr	O	He looked up at her and she nodded toward the bundle .
tr	I	She opened it a crack , and he knocked on the door .
tr	I	For some reason it wouldn 't come , but there was something more to be said .
tr	O	I wondered if he knew just what his presence was doing to me , and he grinned .
tr	O	The peculiar patch of wall continued to perplex Kathy and she approached it slowly .
tr	I	She wanted good company and he 'd had potential disaster tossed at his feet on his wedding day ?
tr	I	Mitchell might have a point , but I hate to admit it .
tr	I	At the same time , he stayed true to his character , but I saw it in his face .
tr	O	She couldn 't remember much of what Mitch had told her , but something made her not want to travel with the Kiwi Experience .
tr	O	I 'm a mechanic , and I have experience as a bush pilot .
tr	I	The dawn was almost over and the houses were still empty .
tr	O	She had very few on-line friends , and the boys are all accounted for .
tr	O	I shook my head , but the rest of my body was frozen .
tr	O	Kenny sat back down and Bulldog maneuvered down to Kenny 's eye level .
tr	I	I know what she 's saying , but I can 't hear her from where I stand .
tr	I	I didn 't dare set off Hank , but a slew of spiteful responses sprang to mind .
tr	O	He fell on top of her , breathing hard , and she could feel the racing thump of his heart .
tr	O	It 's just an aftershock from the sudden and probably a little naïve energy burst I have .
tr	O	I 'm desperate to leave , but the pleading in his tone overpowers me .
tr	I	I 'm sorry and I messed up .
tr	O	Sure enough , her mother was no longer blonde , but Cheyenne recognized those eyes , that smile .
tr	O	I do not know why , but I 'm drawn to her .
tr	I	No words were coming out but his mouth was moving like he was shouting .
tr	O	He reached behind the door and I felt the adrenaline from earlier kick in .
tr	O	The horse may be docile , but horses are very stubborn in their own way .
tr	O	The door slid noiselessly shut behind her , and she stared around , trying to see in the gloom .
tr	I	I 'm able to control the energy I release better so as not to injure it and the arm is getting stronger .
tr	I	I groaned as I saw my dad 's name on the screen again and my phone started ringing again .
tr	I	He knew he had to tell them everything , but Thomas hesitated at first .
tr	I	I immediately understood his train of thought and Felix muttered the word .
tr	I	He shoved Grant off in a rush of strength and Adrenaline flooded his system .
tr	O	He didn 't believe the tarantula in the corridor was real , yet he still felt its disgusting legs crawling up his hand .
tr	I	I sat in its place , and he moved a duffel bag from the passenger seat into the back .
tr	I	Chapman immediately had to cough , and Nicole crossed her eyes .
tr	O	Kevin tugged at the key a few more times , but it seemed like it was soldered into the hole .
tr	I	The rest of her was just too tired , but part of her wanted him again .
tr	O	He waited another good ten minutes before his patience had reached its limit and he started toward the entrance door .
tr	O	Michel Foucault Charlie awoke still with the urgency he 'd felt last night , but it was just seven in the morning .
tr	I	She did not venture further than that and the entire lake fit within the two-mile boundary .
tr	I	He listened to the rant like the good friend that he was but Jimmy didn 't think she was serious .
tr	I	They feel just like you do , and I 've met several women who have had similar experiences .
tr	I	He couldn 't afford to give away holes to Buzz , and it had almost cost him the hole .
tr	I	The deadweight nearly pulled her down , and he had one arm around her .
tr	I	The camp was subdued , and the day was overcast , as usual .
tr	O	I feel like we 're invading people 's privacy , but at least we can put the blame on Dina if anyone gets mad about it .
tr	I	He wasn 't going to start now and he 'd never taken a woman there .
tr	I	Sage felt more comfortable on the ground , but Pat would ride .
tr	O	There was a click , and something was pushed into the nape of his neck .
tr	O	I turned to look at him and his face was unreadable .
tr	I	How would he know where to go from there , but he 'd track my cell phone to the street outside Pete 's Locker Room ?
tr	O	Vic reached her at the same moment I did , and I pressed my brooch into her hand .
tr	I	At how stupid I must have sounded , and Gideon was grinning , probably at me .
tr	O	Maybe she didn 't but that 's no excuse .
tr	O	Almost half the tickets were fakes , but the gate staff couldn 't tell them apart .
tr	I	It didn 't work , but he started drinking to calm himself .
tr	I	There was no attempt for comfort , but he laid down on a cot on the floor .
tr	O	I couldn 't actually make anything better , but I could let her know I was there for her .
tr	I	She wanted to stay with her brother , but she had to meet with this doctor .
tr	O	His hand was fine , and though that had been an odd sensation , he was unharmed .
tr	I	Noel glanced at the monitor next to his bed , and there was a loud ding .
tr	O	I cry out in ecstasy and in that moment I know that I could give anything , promise anything to him .
tr	I	It was a war , and because something was coming .
tr	O	I 'm supposed to be asking the questions and she 's supposed to be answering them .
tr	O	I look up , and my heart soars .
tr	I	The room still sways , but I feel strong enough .
tr	I	They were hot , and she was meeting them for the first time .
tr	O	Sugar never told her about Charlie , and she hasn 't taken it well .
tr	I	I caught her dorsal fin and Mitch swam up to me .
tr	O	I hold my arms out , and she thumps into me .
tr	I	My person had become emaciated with confinement , and my cheek had grown pale with study .
tr	O	It was ten minutes after the swarms had gone and we were all standing in the storage room .
tr	O	There wasn 't much in the kitchen , but the basement was filled with canned food .
tr	O	I didn 't know where Aberdeen was , but Scotland wasn 't that big .
tr	O	I recognize her voice , but it startles me , just the same .
tr	I	She would survive her broken heart until I could see her again and she was tough .
tr	I	I start to lose myself in him and he runs his fingers into my hair .
tr	O	Most women are too short for you , but Braden will be barefoot on the sand .
tr	O	I wanted to turn away from the look , but his eyes held mine .
tr	I	In this case he was pushing his luck , but they usually leaned in favor of the doctor .
tr	I	They want to take it back , but they know it belongs to us now .
tr	O	Goose bumps rose up on her arms and she peered out of the cave .
tr	I	I decided I would enjoy it , and there was one more escape to execute .
tr	I	I didn 't know why , but it does do that .
tr	O	When they divorced , I thought it would finally come out , but it didn 't .
tr	O	I gripped the door handle , ready to exit , but then stopped myself .
tr	O	She hadn 't thought he had given it much thought , and he certainly hadn 't thought about her .
tr	I	I was really looking out for her , but she thought I was an ass .
tr	I	Then he ran some more , and he ran until his legs felt ready to drop off .
tr	O	he asked , and I nodded .
tr	I	I 've seen you on the court and I know how much you love basketball .
tr	I	There was a rip on the sofa 's arm , and the windows needed to be washed , for instance .
tr	O	He sighed , shrugging casually , but a muscle ticked along his jaw .
tr	I	Madden returned him to his seat by pressing down on his shoulder , but Napier started to stand .
tr	O	Her arms tightened around me , and she buried her face in the crook of my neck , her cheek warm against my skin .
tr	O	I 'd never asked him what he was and he shouldn 't know I can read minds .
tr	I	She wouldn 't make a scene , but Deep hurt settled in her chest .
tr	I	For a moment she looks as if she 's going to say something serious to me and I catch her eye .
tr	I	Her plan had failed , but Dee was obviously trying her best to find a way out of her current predicament .
tr	I	He sets aside his phone , and we take seats beside Nathan .
tr	O	This beast did not have a human brain , and it was unlike anything we had ever seen .
tr	I	He couldn 't do that , but he wanted to leave the factory , walk over to the pub to see Caitlin again .
tr	O	Her heart fluttered in her chest , and she found she could barely look at him without quivering .
tr	O	The only nice thing about it is cricket , but they don 't let you do that all day .
tr	O	She smiled , and he smiled back , happy to see her awake .
tr	I	They all wanted to screw him , and most of those people were girls .
tr	I	At least it was a start , but I wasn 't ready for anything .
tr	O	She cut her eyes to Chase , and he nodded at her as if he was aware of it as well .
tr	O	Look , I 'm sorry you saw what you saw , and I completely understand why you reacted the way you did .
tr	I	I just didn 't care and I sobbed into his chest .
tr	O	She wasn 't moving , but she was facing Stannard .
tr	O	Colton blinked heavily and his vision blurred .
tr	O	He looked hurt , but I didn 't care .
tr	I	I knew he would be gone forever , and he walked away from me .
tr	I	A faint light was coming from a Care Bear nightlight , and the plum curtains were pulled closed , blocking out the sun .
tr	I	His body radiated warmth , but Sean might say he was cold .
tr	I	I need you , and I need them .
tr	I	Clay certainly couldn 't ignore it , but it was difficult material to read .
tr	I	She purred loudly , and he tickled the kitten under her chin .
tr	O	I nodded , and Connie gestured across the lobby .
tr	I	We saw nobody and there were no traps along the way .
tr	I	The light shining through gives her hair an ethereal appearance and the wall behind her is all windows .
tr	I	She awoke everyday to their soothing greeting , and she had wind chimes on her balcony .
tr	O	His eyes snapped up to mine and he slowly let his thoughts flow , his presence a gentle hum in the back of my mind again .
tr	I	Her expression grew more quizzical , and the girl seemed to cock her head .
tr	O	Hiding Easter eggs in those bushes , eating popsicles on that front porch , raking leaves into a pile and then diving into them .
tr	I	I see where we are and I look out the window .
tr	O	Two minutes crawled by , but the explosion didn 't come .
tr	I	I cursed myself for getting so wrapped up inside Kiran 's world and Sebastian 's satisfied voice echoed Kiran 's English accent from the doorway .
tr	I	No attempt was made to disguise the fact that she had once claimed that place at the table , and Frances 's place was conspicuously left vacant .
tr	O	There wasn 't anyone to be seen , but he did discover a locked back door .
tr	I	Now that we were getting closer , I was having second thoughts , but I 'd agreed to it easily enough in the theatre .
tr	I	There would be others , but Ian had said that the man who 'd set the bomb had died with it .
tr	O	A fire started in the shop the car had crashed into , and a little light came back to Times Square .
tr	I	They start the inquiry , and other police officers arrive as well .
tr	O	As well as my pilot , he used to be my lover , and maybe he will be again .
tr	O	Her eyes darted down to the Chicago Fire Department sweatshirt I was wearing , and a flash of recognition crossed her features .
tr	O	It always sucks to lose a good NCO , but to lose two at a time really hurts .
tr	I	I soon drifted off while the television played Ace 's favorite movie , The Terminator and they left .
tr	I	I could barely gasp breaths , but this would have been an ideal time to scream .
tr	O	Noel took more this time and it felt wonderful .
tr	I	Soon I was talking to Sky face to face while Chewie went to go find Kev and they got me through security without issue .
tr	O	You use your wits and you move damn fast , never letting him get the upper hand .
tr	I	His face tensed up as he came , flooding me with his hot seed and his body shook .
tr	O	He complimented her mother on the dress she wore , and they were on their way .
tr	I	My whole perception of Willow was beginning to change , and I had more questions than answers .
tr	I	Then he turned sober , but he laughed .
tr	I	He already wanted her again , and Pleasure still coursed through him .
tr	O	His boot scraped across my neck , and he landed heavily on the carpet .
tr	I	It will slow them down , but it won 't stop them .
tr	O	His hands clenched at the top of his cane , and he raised both eyebrows in a look of surprise .
tr	O	Flannel Man 's head rocked to the side , his teeth tearing free , but the pool cue snapped in half at its middle .
tr	O	Her reply was passed to Nate and he opened it .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but Holly laughed at me .
tr	O	Everyone around us shot to their feet , clapping , but the four of us stayed in our seats .
tr	I	As soon as I had accepted it in my head , it was so and we were sisters .
tr	O	We 'll stick together and everything will be okay .
tr	O	He must have been hoping I would get tied up in surgery , but here I sit , once again to ruin his plans .
tr	O	I wasn 't afraid now , and I didn 't know why .
tr	O	His aunt was being herself , but she wasn 't as silly .
tr	I	Now I 'm waiting , and I finished his errand .
tr	O	I whispered back to him and he almost laughed .
tr	O	I usually could fill those silences easily , but my brain still felt kind of foggy .
tr	I	I hardly care but I feel cold .
tr	O	My fingers catch on a gash , and we both jump a little bit .
tr	O	The Methodists were up eight to six , in the bottom of the seventh , and the Baptist dugout was tense .
tr	I	I nodded , and he said .
tr	I	I 'm not in labor , but well , they feel real .
tr	I	My cell buzzed once more and I rolled onto my side .
tr	O	Tears flooded his eyes and the rest of the song was lost to sob after sob after sob .
tr	O	I shake my head no , but he holds up a hand .
tr	O	Yes , her father 's death had been a shock , but at the time her grief had seemed ... formal .
tr	O	Immediately he releases me , but a discerning look is in his eyes .
tr	I	The kids were at school and Uncle Stewart was at work .
tr	I	He was twelve that she 'd first felt her heart skip upon seeing him and it wasn 't until the summer that she was eleven .
tr	I	Now it was confirmed and she had suspected Greg had placed him here as a spy .
tr	O	I can barely process what she was going to say , and I 'm not sure it even matters right now .
tr	O	My tablet trembled in my hands , and Max leaned over .
tr	O	There are so many doors that I could have gone through , and he instantly decided to go to this one ?
tr	O	I was going to have to toss another ball in the air and hope gravity didn 't win .
tr	O	It was fascinating but it was insane .
tr	O	Scar glared Frey , and she chuckled ridiculously .
tr	I	That was quite aggravating , and I couldn 't find them otherwise .
tr	I	Lifting her shoe from the leash , she reached down for the pigeon , and Melina said .
tr	O	I itched to ask why she hadn 't immediately told her husband I 'd been Masked , but the words turned to sawdust on my tongue .
tr	I	There was no time , but with all his soul , he wanted to devour the man , to close his jaws on his flesh .
tr	I	Clay took Julia 's hands in his , and Julia gave the flowers to her sister .
tr	I	She couldn 't breathe easily and Jenny 's voice was beginning to shake .
tr	I	He was going to end this unpleasant chapter and they became the authors of his misery .
tr	I	He 'd soon found himself falling off to sleep again , and the only problem was that the brew had made him sleepy as well .
tr	O	Caleb jabbed me with his elbow a few times , but I couldn 't stop staring .
tr	O	You may want to pretend you 're pursuing a career , but we all know you 're just avoiding confronting your demons !
tr	I	I stood frozen in place , but he walked to the door .
tr	I	Ragged breaths rasped from my lungs , and Sweat drenched my body .
tr	I	I pushed it open and it forced my hand back on the door .
tr	O	They had given them temper as well , and that was one thing about the High King that had not diminished with the years .
tr	I	She was buying the gas so Sam had better not complain , but it was a long drive to the school .
tr	I	She pressed ahead , but when he indicated no interest in how she 'd managed it , the disquieting thought that he already knew jarred her confidence .
tr	I	Isaiah so deserves it , but I haven 't even played this game with my brothers in years .
tr	I	This one I could write books about , and the second time comes only a little later , however .
tr	I	There was a white picket fence surrounding the perimeter of the home , and a swing hung from the tree .
tr	O	I know I promised to behave myself but I can 't help it .
tr	I	She knew it probably looked crazy , but she 'd sent Sutton 's friends quick texts before she left , saying she didn 't feel well .
tr	O	He had always viewed that as the way of the coward and he had never been a coward .
tr	I	They weren 't looking at it , but one of the books was open in her lap .
tr	I	I want you to think the answers , and I 'm going to ask you a few questions .
tr	I	He took a deep breath to calm himself and Gareth 's sudden anger threw him off his stride .
tr	I	He tolerates me and I pamper him .
tr	O	The afternoon was supposed to be free , but I had messages on my answering machine .
tr	I	Darcy slowly lost the battle of wills and his face wouldn 't give an inch .
tr	O	After time the party dwindled , and Fintan 's anxiety grew .
tr	I	The blossoming trees were full of radiant colour and the gravel on the driveway was satisfyingly pliant .
tr	I	It shouldn 't have , but the heat in my voice surprised me .
tr	I	I ran before I could give the situation another thought , and the world sped up as the fever rushed over me .
tr	I	I can hold off a whole tribe of Indians trying to crawl through that small opening , and there 's no fever in this wound .
tr	O	Levi quickly took charge and I never even saw who delivered it .
tr	O	He would forgive her , because he was her husband and he loved her .
tr	O	Their foreheads touched , and their eyes locked .
tr	O	I could see that I was upright , but I couldn 't feel my legs .
tr	I	She just stared at me with a look of confusion , but I smiled , feeling joyous inside , happy for Henrietta .
tr	O	Evidence tape was strung up around the whole perimeter and we didn 't want to risk getting in trouble .
tr	I	Paul gathered her into the group , but Amanda moved back from the crowd .
tr	I	She would not let him defeat her , but she was hurt , gasping for breath .
tr	I	I don 't think it 's from time travel , but Everything goes dark as when a curtain closes on a stage .
tr	O	He spotted the sinkhole , and beneath it the cool waters of the underground river he 'd noted earlier in the evening .
tr	O	Reece seemed happy with his response and he turned back to the girl .
tr	O	Before long the rain became torrential , and the thunder was directly above them .
tr	I	He couldn 't say no , but Mike wasn 't so sure .
tr	I	He grinned , grabbing her hand to stop her and he was ticklish .
tr	I	Nothing moved , but I waited .
tr	O	You 've given me a wonderful idea and I just love it .
tr	I	I could hardly breathe , and he stared up into the space I occupied .
tr	I	The scientist reads the label and Shaw hands him the vial .
tr	O	They rode on , and evening deepened in the valley .
tr	I	I pulled my invitation out of the air and he got to me .
tr	I	I tightened my grip around it and it felt cool in my hand .
tr	I	Then he didn 't like lengthy conversations , but it wasn 't scintillating conversation at best .
tr	I	She said she wasn 't hungry but I 'd tried to feed her again .
tr	O	She sucks in a breath , attempting to stop the tears , but they keep pouring out .
tr	I	He took the chair across from me , and I sat down .
tr	O	I knew my doppelganger was only a shell with no working parts , but it was awful to think about .
tr	O	They stayed silent for what seemed to be eons but in reality , it was only a few seconds .
tr	O	To Stephen bothered her tone , but he showed he needed counseling .
tr	O	Easy traffic moved me along , but I still felt like his store might as well be hundreds of miles away .
tr	I	Then his eyes narrowed , and he blinked in surprise .
tr	O	She finished preparing and they all stood around the kitchen island marveling at the wonderful flavor of the coffee .
tr	I	He had brought me here to impress me and this had to be his boss 's room .
tr	O	They had more than enough flowers in their garden , but she didn 't complain .
tr	O	They needed him , and they needed me .
tr	O	The medical mask was suffocating but Randall dare not remove it .
tr	I	We make love on the beach and he kisses me softly , pulling me to him .
tr	O	The fit track team boys towered over me , and John was only a little taller than them .
tr	I	There 's no key under it but I lift it up .
tr	I	Now she noticed several packages on the dresser , but she hadn 't paid much attention on waking .
tr	I	He didn 't budge but she attempted to brush away the stranger 's help .
tr	I	She ran away outside , and I started to laugh .
tr	O	she shrieked and Jared still stared at her confused .
tr	O	He 's flanked on either side by handlers as they head to the door , but I have to find a way to get his attention .
tr	I	It was almost finished and Matt had been restoring it for several years .
tr	O	He came out the room in a foul mood and his left arm was bandaged in a sling .
tr	I	We rode around the corner old style and ' Clock 's ticking , ' I was anxious to avoid revisiting last night 's discussion .
tr	I	How you contact Mr. Clause and give me all your passwords .
tr	O	I paid 15 euros to the driver and I was heading to the booking office .
tr	I	It gives me comfort and I 've had this dream many times this past week .
tr	O	They will have been repaired and no doubt have been in pursuit of us on our course to the North .
tr	I	This is the ideal situation , the wisdom and you become a step ahead of your shadow .
tr	O	The top was down , and the sun was out .
tr	O	It was better the second time , and I realized that she was funny when she wanted to be .
tr	I	Instead of taking time to mourn , he avoided his memories by throwing himself even further into work , but Paul was devastated by the loss .
tr	O	There were bear tracks , and there was blood everywhere .
tr	I	You 're certainly not going to New Orleans alone , but I realize this is something you have to do .
tr	O	Mrs. Reid kept the house clean , but domestic touches were missing .
tr	I	Abigail continued the rounds of introductions with her father and they all bowed politely .
tr	I	Once he 'd left the school , I 'd seen him at a club in London , and he 'd been a teacher at Hex Hall .
tr	O	Annie let go and Evie slumped down , rubbing her sore neck .
tr	O	Susan Highland might be in bed with drug dealers , but she wasn 't stupid .
tr	I	The bottom dropped out of my belly and he grinned lazily .
tr	O	Several machines are set up around it , and there are wires everywhere .
tr	I	Mustapha was drinking a Coca-Cola , and Alcide was having a beer .
tr	O	The short kid doesn 't look as strong as his buddy , but he 's compact , which should make him a better climber .
tr	I	He wouldn 't ruin Miranda 's happiness with his ugly mood , and Shame would inevitably lead to hatred .
tr	I	It doesn 't mean they don 't notice just the same , but I try not to flaunt it , most of the time .
tr	O	I thought the pain would have eased up by now but it hasn 't .
tr	O	I love Grey , but I love Finn too .
tr	I	I forced them back and tears burned my eyes .
tr	I	Several of the men around him moved away from him , and the man who had thrown the spear stepped back in fear .
tr	I	He tapped a finger on the table and Sampson 's eyes flashed .
tr	I	It was the same suit , but the suit lacked its distinctive tatters .
tr	I	She was a good sport about letting him watch the games when they were televised , but blythe hated anything having to do with professional basketball .
tr	I	A couple of people shrugged out of sweaters , and Water bottles joined coffee cups on the floor .
tr	I	He wanted to yell orders , the prick and we were having our asses handed to us .
tr	I	They were off and the goatee man tossed a few bucks on the table .
tr	O	The woods bordered the north lawn , and I scanned the spectacle before me .
tr	I	Your mother loves you very much but I know you might be scared when you see her .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop , but my lies were spinning into a clusterfuck .
tr	I	Then Axel was there , ripping Malcolm away from her , and footsteps pounded .
tr	O	He 'd meant to make life so good for her , give her a family , and now it was too late .
tr	O	You haven 't gone down there and you haven 't been able to contact them .
tr	I	A MEAN PEOPLE SUCK sticker someone had stuck to the wall , and there was a great Shakespearean sayings poster next to the blackboard .
tr	I	She buried deeper into the sea green blanket and a shiver seized her body .
tr	O	The earl stopped imperiously at the bank of the canal , and it took Alexia only a moment to surmise they must cross it .
tr	I	The gesture looked stiff , but David shrugged .
tr	O	This copy was older , more damaged , but it was the same book .
tr	O	His voice was a bit higher than I expected , and he supplemented his words with a nervous laugh , running plump fingers through his ginger hair .
tr	O	Hot tears burned her eyes , but still she did not cry .
tr	I	It was only matter of time before he possessed her body , and Hearts were following .
tr	I	He winked as he drove by , and his dark eyes caught Melinda 's .
tr	I	Now I can 't even talk to him , and I know he saved me .
tr	I	He pulled me onto the boat and his strong arms grabbed me by my shoulders .
tr	I	It could have been makeup , but her face was suitably green .
tr	I	I fall a step back , and he takes another step closer .
tr	I	Now he was realizing there were pitfalls as well , but there were perks to being rich .
tr	I	Down the gorgeous bluestone steps circling back down to the driveway , and I took the outside path past the pool , the bar .
tr	I	He remained coldly silent , but she waited for some answer .
tr	I	I held back , but I wanted to kiss her again .
tr	I	There were a number of ugly incidents , and that irritated the generals .
tr	I	She envied them , envied any pair she saw together , yet Sylvie wasn 't sure .
tr	I	He seemed to sense my positive outlook and I reassured him he would be all right .
tr	I	They were true , but those words were so hard to utter .
tr	O	He pushed them back , knocked them down , but there were too many to concentrate on just one .
tr	O	We didn 't have anything that we needed to be successful and I felt my shoulders droop .
tr	I	Shelly would never know and there was no risk .
tr	O	I 've had my fair share of girls and I 've seen what that situation can do to someone .
tr	O	There were two matching armchairs , and she took the second one .
tr	I	I must be certain that it is genuine and the letter they brought contained worrying news .
tr	I	She saw the doubt in his eyes , but he didn 't say anything .
tr	O	She says my great grandmother was sick when I was born and they didn 't know if she would live .
tr	O	I opened my bedroom door to find that the bed had new sheets and my room was tidy .
tr	O	That child had thought to undo her with one of the most basic spells ... and had she not been warned , it could even have worked .
tr	I	Suddenly she was hunched over the tiny screen , her fingers mashing buttons , a smirk on her lips and her hand vanished .
tr	O	He 'd never played their games but he knew they had them .
tr	O	The pain was immediate , but I kept fighting back .
tr	O	I hadn 't meant it to come out so harsh , but it did .
tr	O	Aiden was slightly ahead , and Louise followed , arm in arm with Christian , reassuring him as they went .
tr	O	She had been home for a couple weeks now , and Liz felt like the worst friend in the world .
tr	O	Everything after that had started to make sense , and now , I was just extremely annoyed .
tr	O	Hopper fell asleep after that , and I thought Sydney would too .
tr	O	Goose bumps erupted on my skin , and the air became electrified with dark energy .
tr	I	They were constantly together , and it had only been a couple of months .
tr	O	He was right to some degree but I needed the book to get to a certain point .
tr	O	I 'm not proud of it , Toby , and he never found out .
tr	O	The apartment complex itself was sketchy , but her apartment was a real home .
tr	I	He shrugged it off , but Jason felt a twinge of guilt .
tr	I	I opened my mouth in a silent scream , and I 'd never used a portal by myself .
tr	O	Their Civil Defence training was finally being put into practice and they knew what to do .
tr	I	Hey , at this point , anything was worth a try , but Sara felt like an idiot knowing what she was about to do .
tr	O	This may sound psychotic , Kane , but I think it may be following me with hungry revenge on its breath .
tr	O	She just knew her friend was there now , and she could hear the voice in her head .
tr	I	She longed to know her , to gain something of a mother figure from her , and her grandmother was always affectionate in her letters .
tr	O	It had happened to me and my friends were dead because of it .
tr	O	Once sleep took over , she finished what she had started , and by morning , he was like the men of the future .
tr	O	He had joined APW full of enthusiasm , determined to make a difference and at first it seemed possible .
tr	I	He felt a ripple of excitement when her mouth curved into a tempting smile , and her golden hair glistened like strands of lustrous glass .
tr	I	I could well imagine it , but luckily I couldn 't make out what he was saying to Madame Rossini .
tr	O	I don 't need to see the name at the bottom to know what it will say , but I look anyway .
tr	I	It would be possible , but it would be difficult .
tr	I	My resolve wavered at seeing his dark eyes , and he coolly glanced up at me when I entered .
tr	I	There was more to this thing between them , but Attraction was easy .
tr	O	Her wrinkled face split into an evil grin , and she disappeared .
tr	I	Whatever it is , it 's spreading , and we sparked something .
tr	I	That night could hardly sleep , and she was silent all evening .
tr	O	Everybody wins , and we keep the artifact out of evil hands .
tr	O	The guilt was eating away at her , but he hadn 't spoken his intentions either .
tr	I	I want to make sure you are safe , but I want to do my job .
tr	O	I realized , for the first time in years , that I could do whatever I wanted , and those thoughts settled in my mind .
tr	O	I loved her ... and I always would .
tr	O	I wouldn 't call myself fat , but I could stand to lose a little Nephilim bulk .
tr	O	Her breathing had become very labored now , and her voice was a strangled choke .
tr	I	Each accepted a small cup of water from a silent young man , and they took a single deep breath .
tr	I	That 's what made me think about coming here , and Thursday was the anniversary of my dad 's death .
tr	I	I 'd lived years not know who I really was , and he 'd lived with the fear of never seeing me again .
tr	I	I have no idea how , but I just want to catch my breath .
tr	I	Claire caught him at it , and Michael had lied to them .
tr	I	Then he realized that bastard Wyatt was the one urging him on , but at first , he thought the urging was just inside of himself .
tr	I	I slipped into my comfortable black sneakers , and I chose to wear all black because I didn 't know what my character would be like .
tr	I	Showing them where to park their car and upon arrival at the airfield an old age pensioner gave him directions .
tr	O	Sunlight lanced his eyes between the shifting shadows , and David 's head began to throb .
tr	I	These cities in actuality were swallowed up into mega cities , but which end of the city you traveled to decided what you called it .
tr	I	I wasn 't afraid , but I knew he was a Daimon .
tr	O	For a second I thought it was me who 'd shouted the word , but in the next I knew it wasn 't .
tr	I	I promised her , and she promised me .
tr	O	It filled her with longing for her own babe , and then she shook her head at the insensible urge .
tr	I	Unfortunately none of them were in law enforcement , but Lily had relatives all across the five boroughs .
tr	O	Now he could see her starting to shake and her face looked paler than normal .
tr	I	He grabs my hand first , squeezes my fingers , then lets me go , but I move to touch him .
tr	I	Holding on to her helped him focus , and he wanted to do a proper job .
tr	I	It was thought that he would never be seen again , and the man disappeared sometime during the night .
tr	O	I say gym , but it was probably as large as five gyms put together .
tr	I	He followed , shutting the door behind them and he gestured for her to go on in .
tr	I	I listened to see if I could hear any noise as I shut off my engine and there was a car parked under the big oak tree .
tr	I	She 'd strike up a friendly conversation , and the person might come to her for help in finding a particular book .
tr	O	I had a feeling it was going to bite me in the ass eventually , but for now , it felt good .
tr	O	I 'm starving , but if he didn 't plan on feeding me , I don 't want to impose .
tr	O	Her voice was edgy with fear and she didn 't care one whit .
tr	O	The only gamble there was that both his arms were free , and he wasn 't insensible enough to forget that .
tr	I	Strung it around her neck and after Sophie left , Tessa took the clockwork angel from her bedside table .
tr	O	Yes , he could have his pick of these women , but he knew what they wanted : to date Smith Sullivan .
tr	O	The instructor 's voice was soft , and I followed her command with pleasure .
tr	O	Each one was in a slightly curved square and each square was connected forming the circle around the entire room .
tr	O	I struck out at them but they simply lay on top of me , pinning me down .
tr	I	Beyond that transformation , she had matured , but yes , she was no longer human .
tr	I	It was all he had , but it seemed a very slim hope .
tr	O	They weren 't the only ones out walking a dog that morning , but Sam was one of the few official dog parents among the lot .
tr	I	His advisor wouldn 't have any of it , but he debated wearing his dress blues uniform from another life .
tr	O	As soon as the car quit rolling , my door flew open and Tallis was scooping me up , carrying me swiftly to the door .
tr	O	Now he had an explanation for the distressing sight he and Harry had witnessed earlier .
tr	O	I couldn 't read her eyes but I want to go in there .
tr	O	He followed me down the hall and I showed him where it was .
tr	I	She feared him , but it was Anakin .
tr	O	Why they would need that as they walked through cement tunnels she had no idea but she walked alongside Hector , taking her cues from his attitude .
tr	I	I had to make it count , and I 'd only have one shot at Sebastian .
tr	I	There 's nothing wrong with us spending time together now , and there was nothing disgusting about our relationship then !
tr	O	Sabin had never panicked , and now wasn 't the time to start .
tr	I	Crawley was glaring at him , and by now all had turned away from the house .
tr	I	She seemed recovered now and her eyes were now dry .
tr	O	The headlights of oncoming traffic threatened to blind him , to make him lose his footing , but he quickly gained ground .
tr	O	James wanted to help , but the images Lloyd had put there made him take a step back .
tr	O	We live with my father 's side of the family but they treat us as strangers .
tr	O	She had no makeup and she 'd never lamented that fact .
tr	I	He vanished and the police came .
tr	I	We cannot procreate with them , but we can have sex with humans .
tr	I	That alone made me want to get to her , and she hadn 't bought into my charm , into my practiced flirtation .
tr	O	The dealer said she didn 't remember her leaving with anyone , but she really wasn 't paying that much attention .
tr	O	Mrs. Ebrahim 's face was entirely American looking , aside from the headscarf framing it , and she wore ordinary American clothes .
tr	O	Okay , it bothered her that he could just appear like that out of the blue , without warning , but she 'd had enough .
tr	I	The ground rumbled so long it could have been an earthquake , and a blast struck off to my left , closer this time .
tr	O	Her head fell back and she moaned .
tr	O	Her scalp tightened and her skin tingled .
tr	I	I gave no complaints , but he rewrote the rules of the position .
tr	I	Her fist hits me instead as a glancing blow , and all I manage to do is jerk my shoulder up at the last second .
tr	O	This reasoning sounded good , but Bradford knew the decision was colored slightly by Saturday 's golf match .
tr	I	Marlowe arrives much earlier than the appointed time , but Marlowe has arranged a meeting with Mars .
tr	O	Inspiration hit and he pulled out his phone .
tr	I	It still hurt to be in the same room with her , but he had no reason to love her anymore .
tr	O	He cradled her body , trying to will life back into it , but the bubbly girl he 'd loved was lost .
tr	O	To Zayne , it would be a different story , but I 'd fill him in when I got home .
tr	I	The rest appeared to be Latin American and there was only one female .
tr	O	Henry sits down on the floor and pul s her onto his lap .
tr	O	He flashes an easy smile and I 'm all toasty again .
tr	O	I knew Patch would dismiss my guilt at once , but I felt responsible for what had happened to him .
tr	I	He figured at the very least they might be hungry and it wasn 't the best of places to spend the night .
tr	I	Before she could react , he was happily walking over to her , and his face lit up when he recognized her .
tr	O	The fuselage read : United States Coast Guard Baffled , Sexton watched as the cabin door opened and a woman emerged .
tr	O	Add in her high-risk multiple pregnancy , and I think I stand at least a slim chance of succeeding .
tr	I	These reminiscences had confirmed the truth of it , and he 'd told her that more than once .
tr	O	The children sat there awed , and the adults hugged them tighter .
tr	I	He couldn 't resist , but Cole knew he shouldn 't .
tr	O	Betty was not dressed for travel , and Heather felt relieved to know that she would help care for the little ones .
tr	O	Someone had to make the tough call , and I was there .
tr	I	She 'd lean one way and something would happen .
tr	I	A few of us hit the weight room , but the following day was pretty much the same .
tr	O	She 'd asked to tell one person and she 'd decided to tell her mother .
tr	I	Her worries of his physical strength evaporated , and a second later she felt him slide inside her mind .
tr	I	You 'd be absolutely right , and you could call me a grade A son of a bitch .
tr	O	I was in a state of flux , and the catalyst for it all was Josie .
tr	I	She was older now but it had infuriated him that she 'd betrayed him with another man after all of his restraint .
tr	I	Maybe it was the way he kept staring at you all night , or his expression , I guess .
tr	O	The medicine is wearing off and she leans heavily on me , face screwed up in pain .
tr	I	It was enough time for the moon to truly set , but I don 't know how long we were there .
tr	I	I had just been too enamored to see them , but all the signs that he was more than just an assistant had been there .
tr	O	Dr. Warren shifts behind her desk , and I look at her .
tr	O	He 'd managed not to laugh then but he couldn 't restrain his amusement now .
tr	I	I turn to Olivia , and she nods when our eyes meet .
tr	O	She felt a certain pride in that and she knew she gave her clients satisfaction .
tr	O	I should try to kick again , but my legs are too heavy .
tr	I	With each increment of time , Kylie felt more awkward , and several seconds ticked by .
tr	O	I wasn 't thrilled I had to defend myself against others ' assumptions , but such was life as the daughter of a real estate mogul .
tr	I	He curled his long body so that I could take him in my hand and I reached for his erection .
tr	O	Finally the spell at Henrietta 's feet took hold , and several metal poles shot from the symbol , rushing towards the witch .
tr	I	I sat down on the other end , and Alice sat down on one end of one couch .
tr	O	My comm beeps , and I check it .
tr	O	He needs to take back some of that control , and I so desperately need to give it to him .
tr	I	Now I was flushed for a different reason , but I had flushed with pleasure at his words .
tr	O	It 's the first night of the full moon , and for me , the memories will come .
tr	O	I 'd gotten a chain letter from Maxine ( which I deleted without reading ) , and I 'd gotten a message from Michele .
tr	I	The surprise on his face showed instantly and Gaston stepped into the apartment .
tr	I	She got a house and maybe that 's really why they broke up .
tr	I	Gods , the rest of her needed a shower , and her hair was in desperate need of a brush .
tr	I	My parents went to fight them off , and the zombies came into the house somehow .
tr	O	Her rent was paid in advance and she owed nothing .
tr	O	I didn 't consider Kimber my friend anymore , but no one deserved this .
tr	O	A tear slid down my cheek , but I remained resolute .
tr	I	I would use it today , but I hardly ever watched it .
tr	I	At the same time , I wanted to hear from him , but I wanted to forget him .
tr	O	I lucked out and I know it .
tr	O	The lift reached its destination and the doors again opened .
tr	O	He tried to raise it , but the nerve impulses would not penetrate the brain .
tr	I	I was actually running from her but she probably thought I saw something .
tr	O	Tucker 's grasp of the language was rudimentary , but the man 's tone said it all .
tr	I	In my way , I love him back , and he 's given me his friendship , his love .
tr	O	Trusting her is still a huge risk , but doing nothing will cost Mason his life .
tr	O	The dream opened her heart and she admitted she was in love with Chuck Veal .
tr	I	His expression has softened considerably , but Trevor doesn 't say anything .
tr	O	Somewhere a horse stomped a hoof , and another blew out a noisy breath .
tr	O	The name was right , and the address was right .
tr	O	Devon probably shouldn 't have been taking advantage of the situation in his state , but she wanted answers .
tr	I	I launched that pan right at him , but I don 't even remember what we were fighting about .
tr	I	Ella made it clear they would celebrate Christmas for me , but I 'd expected them to celebrate the winter solstice instead .
tr	O	It was starting to get dark as we neared sunset , and Andy flipped on the lights .
tr	O	Rock held out his hand and she gave him the keys .
tr	I	Yet , shortly after you wake up , you can 't even remember you have had one and they are so vivid .
tr	I	I kicked off my shoes as I spoke and he handed me a glass in exchange for a kiss .
tr	O	Our shoulders brush when he gets close and I don 't move away .
tr	O	My smile falters and I take a deep breath as I leave the kitchen .
tr	O	Garrett tried to talk to her , but she pretended not to hear him .
tr	O	Tuck was with me , but the coach called him back .
tr	I	I followed , trying not to scrape my heels on her pristine hardwood floors , and my friends eagerly headed for the door , swishing their miniskirts .
tr	I	I wondered how they had done it , and it looked very realistic .
tr	I	She froze anyway , but nothing stood out .
tr	O	Everyone assumed him to be a part of the Italian gun making family , but nobody ever asked .
tr	O	She ate the cookie and she hated herself for being so weak .
tr	O	She hated being so jaded about her classmates , but that had been her experience .
tr	O	The door opened behind her and Evan stood there , staring at the exposed skin on her back .
tr	I	She had to defuse the situation , install the terms of their future relationship , and she was the reason for their current hostilities .
tr	O	They 're all into the same things and all wear the same kinda clothes .
tr	I	As the lights changed again , she drove right , and an impatient driver behind her blasted his horn .
tr	I	I bit my tongue , and my head snapped back .
tr	O	I see Elle heading back towards the car and I know I have to end the call .
tr	O	He 'd known it from the beginning but after last night , it was confirmed .
tr	I	I teleported away just as quickly , but he tried to lunge at me .
tr	O	My legs buckled and air was pushed from my chest as I fell to my side .
tr	I	Her mind was completely preoccupied with the night 's events but Laci tried to be enthusiastic .
tr	I	I 'd be pretty weird if I was scared of butterflies , and ladybugs are okay .
tr	O	They slammed into an old tree near Sabrina , and it shuddered from the strength of the impact .
tr	O	It seemed forced , but it was the first thing she 'd said to me since I returned .
tr	O	Normally I would think possessive was annoying , but on that man , it is sexy as all hell .
tr	O	Will coughed again and the topic changed to bitching about how much we didn 't want to start classes the next day .
tr	O	Bubba came home from work to find them , and he had a nervous breakdown shortly thereafter .
tr	I	He was no more relaxed than she was , but he was behind the counter , hands resting on it , poised to minister to her needs .
tr	I	I would not put it past Calvin , but it was a macabre thing to put a girl in a mausoleum during a zombie apocalypse .
tr	I	I already knew , but what I 've dreaded my entire life is now a grim reality .
tr	O	I stepped back , but he 'd only come for the lights .
tr	O	Weber swears , and I realize through my daze that it 's the first time I 've ever heard him curse .
tr	O	With a gasp he stumbled back , and I punched him across the jaw .
tr	I	He never would , and Byron Knight made no difference in her life .
tr	I	She at least had an excuse , but ok she didn 't have too many friends herself .
tr	I	He was going to make sure she did it , and it was her duty to save one of them .
tr	I	Now that we had our separate lives , I didn 't realize how much I needed him , and I went to him for everything .
tr	I	That wasn 't entirely unpleasant , either , but she was a little dizzy .
tr	O	He sounded pathetic even to himself , but that was the way it was .
tr	I	An arctic chill deluged her and her hand stopped inches short .
tr	I	Clary couldn 't help feeling awful for him , and Alec looked wretched .
tr	O	It had been only a short time so far , but already the lost opportunities grated on her .
tr	I	She backed away , and the pianist didn 't begin .
tr	O	The waiting room was full , but I didn 't see Ula .
tr	I	It 's still come out in a hundred little ways , but Gabriel 's tried to hide this from you .
tr	I	He realized , too , that he didn 't want to be the one to hurt her , and Jack sensed that .
tr	O	My body tenses , but I don 't make another sound .
tr	I	She doubted she 'd ever get the chance , but she imagined it would be amusing to watch him attempt to chase her through the trees .
tr	O	I suspected there might have been a divorce ... or perhaps he never even existed .
tr	O	It came out more of a bark than I intended it to , and I felt my ribcage literally shift , accommodating a stronger vampire form .
tr	I	It was taking its toll on her , and Katie spent every weekend at home .
tr	O	Panic gave her strength and she scrambled away from the monster .
tr	O	She had a friend there , Greta , and I wished we could have them both .
tr	O	He was not moving an inch , but his breathing was subtle .
tr	O	Whitey was already going bald on top by the time he was in his late twenties , but this was earlier than that .
tr	O	His eyes turned deeper blue , or maybe it was the dark .
tr	I	Now it 's time for the payoff , and she has paid her dues .
tr	I	It made me feel like shit inside and it was wrong on so many levels .
tr	O	He did not know if they could hear him , but it was not a chance he 'd take .
tr	I	I can 't write anything else until I see how it turns out and once begun , the novel takes over .
tr	O	She called again and this time she heard a familiar hoot from the back of the aviary .
tr	O	This woman she 'd become was spectacular , but she was too guarded .
tr	I	He wouldn 't listen , but I pulled back some .
tr	O	Her hair was cropped close to her head and a dirty blue bandanna was wrapped around it .
tr	I	Linda wouldn 't say anything else about it , and then a few weeks ago Randall had abruptly disappeared .
tr	O	I almost laughed , but that was only because I was on the edge of hysteria .
tr	O	They lined up at the starting line and the gun went off with a bang !
tr	O	She stared at me and I didn 't bother letting her speak .
tr	I	You come crashing into her life , and she is setting up a business .
tr	I	Those seconds were costly , but his left arm , hanging by a few ligaments , took a few seconds to repair itself .
tr	O	There would be more Kims , more casualties , and Julie started to number herself among the dead .
tr	O	One offered to pay after the hit , which was a possibility if Edwin could borrow the money temporarily , but it wasn 't ideal .
tr	I	I wasn 't listening but Jack looked taken aback .
tr	O	Maybe she didn 't know he was married , or maybe she did .
tr	O	Adela sat on one of the stools , and Jeff slid onto the other .
tr	I	The news had just traveled through the siblings and Thomas might have mentioned it to one of the other brothers .
tr	I	I hear clicking in the background , like she 's tapping her fingernails on top of the counter and she pauses .
tr	O	Tara smothered her smiling mouth with her hand , and Cian spit out the wine he drank .
tr	I	He had gotten so proficient at it that he did it without thinking and Shelly had taught him how to absorb ambient energy .
tr	I	I saw that a week had passed and the time stamp slowed .
tr	I	Once they were together , Michael addressed him , and Michael waited for his brother-in-law to join him .
tr	I	She wanted him to kiss her again and the desire she had been suppressing for days seemed to surface all at once .
tr	O	I need another coffee but the pot is empty .
tr	O	Cameron had proven himself worthy of the job but his fidgeting was making it hard for Nate to decide what to do .
tr	O	Ben tried to argue with her , but she refused to change her mind .
tr	O	Judy brought them their check , and Rebecca quickly threw down her credit card .
tr	I	I leave him with thoughts , returning to the river and at that he turns back to face his target tree .
tr	O	Less than a league from the clearing , the dogs picked up his scent and the intensity of their yapping increased tenfold .
tr	O	She wasn 't really a bad person , but she wasn 't particularly interested in me .
tr	O	It threw her to the ground , and its claws ripped at her .
tr	I	He kept his arms out to catch me if I fell , but Sam let him pull him back .
tr	I	Maggie 's guests began to leave and the night started to wind down .
tr	I	I feel the vibrations against my side , and Ethan laughs .
tr	O	The others trooped up the steps , but once again , I lingered behind .
tr	O	he asked , and I made myself meet his gaze .
tr	O	The tears were falling and I didn 't know what to do .
tr	I	There 's no evidence , but there 's truth here .
tr	O	She opens her mouth to speak and I continue , smirking at her annoyed glare .
tr	O	Lucas turned toward the man and I followed slowly , Jeremiah bringing up the rear .
tr	I	The city turned their street lights on from lamps on poles and it was night time .
tr	O	Yaris 's eyes went huge , and she drew a sharp breath .
tr	O	Even I thought it looked quite good on and I hate looking at myself as a rule .
tr	O	First he inhaled her scent , and then he licked the blood .
tr	O	Something had happened to my friend ... and I wasn 't there for her .
tr	I	Aileen wouldn 't say so in vain , but he didn 't know why .
tr	I	They will give you a handicap , but you can 't go before the green .
tr	I	I tried to act disinterested , and she looked directly at me .
tr	I	She could imagine fishing boats being pushed into the water at high tide , but the tide was out , showing the rocky bed .
tr	O	The dark humor distracted me , and the distraction eased the pain .
tr	O	I was happy ... and I was naïve .
tr	I	That 's enough , and the killing end 's pointed at me .
tr	O	I asked and he nodded .
tr	O	The man I called my best friend was suffering so badly inside and I never even knew it .
tr	I	She must obey , and something infinitely more powerful than she commanded her .
tr	I	He dropped my hand swiftly , and Realisation dawned upon his face .
tr	O	I 'm wiggling them inside my boots as we speak and I really don 't have the energy to waste arguing .
tr	I	He gave me his first large-scale painting and Canaletto was so grateful that he admitted he lost the bet .
tr	O	The neck broke with a sickening crunch , and it fell .
tr	O	I 've been trying to find a way to talk to you about it , but there just hasn 't been time .
tr	O	The walk to school was long and a touch monotonous .
tr	I	Most items only come in that number and the ideal family is four to six .
tr	O	She explained the history , and how in the early 20th century , Japan destroyed much of the palace .
tr	I	Some facts can be overlooked if they 're inconvenient , but true , he was also the embodiment of good .
tr	I	I have learned what others have not , and I have great control , tremendous discipline .
tr	I	My heart jumped , and there was a knock on the door .
tr	O	I force a smile , but it 's not fine .
tr	I	When he glanced back , there was no one , but twice he felt as if he was being followed .
tr	I	Only Dan had survived , but three men unjustly convicted .
tr	I	He cocked his head and Zeus 's ears pricked up .
tr	O	I couldn 't lift the tomb lid , but maybe I didn 't have to .
tr	O	The shouldn 't have , but they did .
tr	I	Bastian hung up and someone said something on the other line .
tr	I	His eyes turned down and sadness flowed into his expression .
tr	I	It was missing but he looked everywhere .
tr	O	She was lying , of course , but what was the use in arguing that point ?
tr	I	You were lucky I let you in , and you 've come all this way .
tr	I	She said nothing , but her brows furrowed .
tr	I	Her eyes glittered with liveliness , and her red lips were full .
tr	I	I like Cruz and I like Nate .
tr	O	Paul hadn 't wanted to get involved with anyone else , and in the beginning he 'd found the transition from potential lover to friend difficult .
tr	O	He 'd barely touched her and already she was trembling on the brink of orgasm , ready to fly over the edge at the slightest provocation .
tr	I	It was stamped on the back with the Founder 's Seal , and it was heavy , expensive paper .
tr	I	There was a flurry of activity in the camp and the men had stopped working on the small boats .
tr	I	I had to know , but I felt like crap for asking .
tr	I	He left the room and he took the envelope .
tr	O	A quick glance was enough for her to dismiss Khloe , but the woman gave Gene a long hard stare .
tr	I	Her unwieldy tongue couldn 't do any better , but she could tell she was slurring her words .
tr	I	He didn 't make a sound , but his eyes immediately trained on Collins .
tr	I	I think again about the car , and I am slowly being buried alive .
tr	O	They sounded like crows , but when he looked up , it was like staring at a blank piece of paper .
tr	I	That was a good sign and they hadn 't hurt her .
tr	I	Amy 's mom had told her that there were other places to get vapor , but the Amazons gave this Vapor to the vampires .
tr	O	I was completely ready to move on , and Colt was exactly the guy I wanted to do that with .
tr	O	Valeria was the last one to get into the ring , and the announcer wasted no time in introducing both boxers .
tr	O	Wanted her naked and screaming beneath him .
tr	I	She 'd tried to give heed to them all , and there were so many things that demanded her attention .
tr	I	I shriek as she gets closer , holding onto Isaac for dear life and she swims toward me .
tr	I	It was the only way to save their lives , but his decision would brand them as traitors , deserters .
tr	O	I 'd be offended , but it was a waste of time .
tr	I	Her hands were tied to the bedpost and she was on a bed .
tr	O	The bouncer held out his hand , but she knocked it aside .
tr	I	His good hand gropes around for something that isn 't there , and it grows faster , more labored .
tr	I	It is currently held by a corporation registered in the Caymans , but the property was once owned by a dead actor named Bob Hope .
tr	I	As a darkness came over us the Germans abandoned the attempt and Time was on our side too .
tr	I	I sensed no heartbeat from him anymore but Foam continued to spill from his mouth .
tr	O	I just got your letter and you can 't do this .
tr	I	I wondered how he could still manage to drive like that , and Aiden had gone completely motionless .
tr	I	I knew that , if I didn 't lie down soon , I was going to puke and the world started spinning again .
tr	O	I don 't think any of them ever expected it to be taken seriously but events have overtaken us .
tr	O	Kim was nowhere in sight , and he was sure he was alone in the apartment .
tr	I	The soldiers go to their resting area and the fires burn down their last bit of light .
tr	I	I would never let that happen , and all you can do is go down with me .
tr	I	I knew she would want to go out looking for them tonight , and I could see Jenny 's eyes following them .
tr	I	I have to close my eyes to keep from falling over and the room spins .
tr	I	Her eyes narrowed , and she shook her head hard .
tr	I	Now she had struck the final blow and her words still resonated deep inside him .
tr	O	Avril tensed too , feeling what I felt , and she grabbed my hand as I stood .
tr	I	I worry for him constantly , and he is my beloved brother .
tr	O	We sat in silence , but it wasn 't uncomfortable .
tr	I	She didn 't ever want to risk it , but her skin tanned pretty easily in the sun .
tr	I	Now he looked as if he could have died that second , and I had just blamed him falsely for ruining everything .
tr	O	Why she lied to me , I can 't say , but I have no doubt of her absolute devotion to you .
tr	I	She refused to rise to the intentional jibes this time , but she heard Malik make several pointed comments in her direction .
tr	I	Again , if you would prefer breakfast in bed , we will oblige , but Breakfast is normally served by the pool .
tr	O	It practically crackles and my heart flutters .
tr	O	She shifted again , and he wished she 'd just get in the stupid cab .
tr	O	His chest shook with one more growl , but the barely conscious Cane did not move .
tr	I	Pulling me back and suddenly , Taylor was right beside me ; her hand gripped my upper arm .
tr	I	Already the air was warming up , but it was barely sunrise .
tr	I	I 'd been barreling down the highway to hell ever since , and it started with Amanda 's call two weeks ago .
tr	O	On her dark skin it was harder to see the bruises , but they were there .
tr	I	My first instinct was to treat them as guests in my home , and I wasn 't used to having staff .
tr	O	His eyes are shut and he has this euphoric look on his face .
tr	O	A guttural cry tore from me as my tears fell more rapidly upon him and my hands clenched at his still warm cheeks .
tr	I	I was glad he had my hand , and the rain was pouring down in sheets .
tr	O	She was going to beg him to come back -- But it was not .
tr	O	Her heart was breaking all over again , and she knew Mike 's was as well .
tr	O	Your father didn 't find out about our night together and he won 't , unless you tell him .
tr	I	March regards me with quiet despair , and a spreading red stain covers the white cloth .
tr	O	This needle did not point North but that was not its purpose .
tr	O	I 'm sure there 's more than one , and I 'll show you why in a second .
tr	I	I didn 't want to scare you off , but all I wanted to do was talk with you alone , get to know you .
tr	O	The man was old and he had a hard look about him .
tr	I	I buckled up and I closed the door behind myself .
tr	I	I ultimately said nothing , but I found my thoughts wishing that she would take me away from this mundane life .
tr	O	I had Ortega on the ropes and he cheated .
tr	I	He disappeared and with that he turned .
tr	O	There 's a doorman , an older gentleman , and he smiles at me , bowing to all of us as we walk into the building .
tr	I	A slow song began to play and the upbeat music from the party switched over .
tr	I	They walked out to his car together , and he helped her on with her coat .
tr	I	Her last human experiences were absolutely primitive to what she was facing now , but now , she had been dropped into the middle of it .
tr	O	He 's trying so hard not to smile , but he 's not exactly making fun of me , either .
tr	I	He was slacking , hadn 't been to the gym because it was just easier to avoid old crowds , but sex was a great workout .
tr	I	Ethan was no longer on my other side and I looked over .
tr	O	Her hand glided past his and in that one moment she felt a spark run through her .
tr	O	Nick was shocked by how observant the man was even in the midst of this ordeal , though , and the realization made him uneasy .
tr	I	His gaze met Sara 's , and Rafe glanced around the room .
tr	I	Our pack as a whole has flourished , and his father was similar .
tr	I	Her gaze stayed fixed on my companion 's face , but she handed me a menu .
tr	I	Her heart sank , and he now looked angry , frustrated actually .
tr	O	He yanked , and the bikini came off in his hands .
tr	I	There are certain things that most people just don 't know about , but I 'm not trying to be secretive .
tr	I	He chuckled , and I made a face at him .
tr	I	He shook it off , but his eyes grew moist .
tr	O	It was where the kitchen might have been and the door was probably the rear entrance at one time .
tr	O	I had been hanging around the arcade a lot , and Todd drew my attention to the stamps .
tr	I	When she melted into him , passion ignited , incinerating reason , but he took her lips in a gentle kiss .
tr	I	What could I tell him , but the poor kid 's desperate .
tr	O	Knowing she was finished brought me a sense of relief but I had to press on .
tr	I	His voice carried to them , but he stepped out of view of the camera .
tr	I	Here she now was , sitting in a lawyer 's office , smack in the middle of Mayfair , yet it was home to her .
tr	O	His flesh-and-blood hand trembled slightly , but it was hardly noticeable .
tr	I	The path was not friendly and it was near the cliff .
tr	I	I don 't see how it could be possible , and I 've thought about it a lot .
tr	O	He tried to go back to where the house stood only a few minutes ago , and all he could see was a chaos .
tr	I	It brings me back to reality , but it didn 't hurt much .
tr	I	He struggled , and I struggled .
tr	O	It carried no water this late in the season , and the scrubby trees hemming it rustled in the breeze .
tr	I	They had their own , vivid colours , but most of the sculptures were wooden .
tr	O	She never leaves our suite , and we don 't really have that many visitors .
tr	I	He wondered how someone who 'd only known him a short while could read him so easily , and her simple question went straight to his heart .
tr	O	When he lifted his head , he reached for her hand and she allowed him to take it .
tr	O	I reached for my phone knowing she needed me now , but Duncan pulled it back out of reach .
tr	I	She thought it looked worn , but his expression was masked with shadows .
tr	O	There were a bunch of cars parked in the driveway , and more kids were making their way up the front lawn .
tr	I	He felt as though he couldn 't breathe , and that realization knocked the wind out of him .
tr	O	He whirled her around and he produced a large , silicone cock that looked suspiciously like his own .
tr	I	He sank down into the grass beside her while she bathed her swollen ankle in the icy stream and the tension completely eased from his body .
tr	I	I avoided looking over in the corner , and I didn 't smile .
tr	I	Lissa had only been awake for an hour , moving about sluggishly while she drank her usual amount of blood and Winkler arrived two hours later .
tr	O	She thought they were childish , but I had to have them .
tr	O	A new memory pieced together , and I found myself zooming back in time .
tr	O	I began to protest but it was no use .
tr	I	He man aged to control it , but Violence swirled close to the surface .
tr	O	His cheeks were flushed and his jaw was clenched .
tr	I	I told her she could take the car out tonight to practice her turns and she perked up a little when we went downstairs .
tr	O	I would be content to stay here for the rest of the day , but Flynn stands up .
tr	I	I was scared where she was taking the conversation , but I kept my voice low .
tr	I	It echoed mine , and I heard her silent scream .
tr	I	He had a peculiarly startled expression on his face , and Longbow was standing off to one side .
tr	O	Sure , they all had to know she and Jackson were lovers .
tr	O	Alarm shot through him and he looked up for a medical responder .
tr	I	He was , but she wasn 't ready to expand on that thought .
tr	I	We shared a look and I turned toward Gemma .
tr	O	Allie kept smoothing my hair with her hands , and I closed my eyes to her soothing touch .
tr	I	Hans led the way into the house and we parked directly in front .
tr	O	Maddie is the one who wants them and she is so excited about her coming out .
tr	O	He felt like a bouncing ball , which everyone kicked a little , but no one knew where it would end up .
tr	O	The door opened and a skinny , gangly doctor walked in , a sombre expression on his face .
tr	I	Everything would seem as if it were going fine and they would start .
tr	I	They would have to get a cab , but they weren 't far from the house .
tr	O	I felt his hands tightening around my neck , and he began squeezing .
tr	O	The attic is too small to hide them in and there isn 't any place to hide a safe .
tr	I	You 'll be reading well by the end of the month , and we 'll have coffee every day for a month .
tr	I	Her jaw was clinched , and her face was fierce .
tr	I	The Simpson family escapes to Alaska and a sinkhole becomes a secret passageway .
tr	I	Dante felt his legs go a bit wobbly beneath him , and a shredding howl tore out of her mouth .
tr	O	A round came close , and Joe hooted from behind .
tr	O	He hated to admit it , but he owed Kari the truth .
tr	O	Deborah was ill-tempered even before her parents ' death , and after it she became completely unmanageable .
tr	I	Just having a physical connection made her feel better , and she still couldn 't believe everything that had happened .
tr	O	These horsemen were too numerous for me to rebel against , and the women had no sympathy on me , either .
tr	O	She pushed on them , but they were too heavy for her to move .
tr	O	It 's pretty for sure , but in this weather , I can 't help wishing they 'd added heating to the sixteenth-century stone cloisters .
tr	O	The gun went off and Griffin crumpled to the floor .
tr	I	His smile was as wide as he could manage , and in his hand he held a tiny gold box .
tr	O	It wasn 't a positioned he would have chosen , but it was what he 'd been dealt .
tr	I	Lux stopped dead in his tracks , and a quiet voice echoed through the trees as if the wind were carrying it .
tr	I	He nearly lost himself completely to the sound , and she sighed , a soft murmur of surrender .
tr	O	His eyes darkened and his hand instantly lifted to cup her jaw tenderly .
tr	I	I could tell he was comforted by the woman 's appearance , but Jack 's words said one thing .
tr	I	By remaining in Orchard Valley she was creating one of a different sort , and the crisis had passed .
tr	I	Then we were gone , and there was a moment where everything froze .
tr	O	Part of his soul was dead -- and he believed he had a soul .
tr	I	Maybe she was wrong , but she thought they had feelings for each other .
tr	I	Now , it 's her turn , and Victoria suddenly realized that all her classmates were done introducing themselves .
tr	I	There was not a speck of dust on its surface , but it was an oil painting , with no glass covering it .
tr	O	Kristina Marino is currently missing and authorities are searching for her .
tr	I	He fell down on one knee and his footing gave way halfway up .
tr	I	Then I can get a pass for you to leave the city , and you will have to stay here for a few days .
tr	O	We 'd actually already started the game , but I refrained from correcting him .
tr	O	Sara didn 't see how that was a bad thing , yet she kept that thought to herself .
tr	I	There was more than that , but he looked eager , true .
tr	I	Else Quin was even more powerful than he realized -- or the glue must not have worked .
tr	O	She saw it flare to life and the sound reach them just afterwards .
tr	O	Agatha 's voice was the barest whisper , but her thin lips smiled .
tr	O	It could have just been the excitement of the change , but Anna had faith in more .
tr	O	We walk over to the grass and I hear another vehicle pull in .
tr	I	Now , so was she , and the lather had been slick .
tr	O	A cold wind stung my face , and diesel fumes , caught in a down draft , wrapped around the back of my throat .
tr	I	Colt saw an image of her that she couldn 't see , and her father had left from his visit saying how proud he was of her .
tr	O	It was certainly a mess but she did enjoy the irony .
tr	O	He pulls me in close until my chest is pressed up against his , and I can feel his heart pummeling out of control .
tr	O	At first the soldiers marched in disciplined columns , led by officers wearing golden helmets , but even then they were less than stirring .
tr	O	I know this sounds crazy since we live on opposite coasts , but I need to see you again .
tr	I	I doubted he was still hanging around , but my shooter had definitely been past here .
tr	O	Lucky glanced at me , and I could see a blush rising on her face .
tr	I	It looked like I wasn 't going to get any from Christian , at least not today and what I needed was information .
tr	O	It wasn 't much of a ride but my mom 's little car was great on gas .
tr	I	Aria 's blood seeps through his fingers and Jason covers her wound with his hands .
tr	I	My throat closed up with emotion , and hot tears stung my eyes .
tr	O	I want to call Mel , but she 's working .
tr	O	he 'd scream , and we 'd hear him searching for his keys .
tr	I	It was only her daughter that kept her going and she carried her husband for years .
tr	O	They arrived at the duplex , but neither seemed ready to get out of the car .
tr	O	I should move away , but he 's so warm .
tr	O	Henderson is doing everything he can do to maintain control , but we are being forced down towards the earth extremely fast .
tr	I	She wiped it away , and a single tear came .
tr	O	The visit with Merrie had produced nothing in the way of information , but it most certainly swelled with an overabundance of heartbreak .
tr	O	I threw my arms out in front of me , but my head dug into the gravel as something heavy sat on top of me .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to do about it and the girl just didn 't like me .
tr	I	Then James lowers his head , and it 's quiet at first .
tr	I	By then everything else was ready , and the pasta took about twenty minutes .
tr	O	No doubt whatever they came up with would be crap , but she knew to choose her battles carefully .
tr	I	He got over his disappointment , but his face fell a little when he realized that I wasn 't going to protest .
tr	I	The fire in the grate hastily burst into flames , and Marcia 's big purple front door had already sprung open for them .
tr	I	No one knew where he was and the Titans didn 't have him .
tr	I	I brought them up on the screen , clicked through , made a few notes , and I 'd bookmarked the articles Frank had originally given me .
tr	I	You need this training , and if you get caught , they will expel you .
tr	I	No amount of support could fix this , but he was just being a good friend .
tr	I	There is the evidence , and there are the elements of the charge .
tr	O	The door of the Steward 's office was open , but Talon knocked on the wood anyway before entering .
tr	I	Lorcan had also learned the value of science , but sure , magic was still his favorite pet .
tr	O	Her television was on maximum volume , and that masked the sound to the adjacent flats .
tr	I	Heat blew along my back and Air stirred around me .
tr	I	It was a moment too long and I took a moment to recover .
tr	O	It sounded more like an order than a request and he didn 't wait for her to reply .
tr	O	Mack opened the passenger door , but Tom shook his head .
tr	I	She hands them over and we meet for coffee at a waffle house .
tr	I	They spoke very highly of your reputation and you 've helped some friends I know .
tr	I	She hasn 't spoken to him in a few weeks but Mother said he sounded fine .
tr	O	His white shirt was damp , and his face was glistening with sweat .
tr	O	It 's a despair that I don 't think I will survive , but I don 't want it to ever leave me .
tr	O	Trisha 's breath began to warm and Joe 's palms began to sweat .
tr	O	You knew I was pregnant , and you didn 't say anything .
tr	O	A young kid working part time at a storage unit facility was one thing , but a bank manager was going to be harder to fool .
tr	O	Good thing he was so skilled with his blade or I might stab him .
tr	I	He 'll win it and give him a war .
tr	O	I would say more , but there is no need .
tr	I	He 's with me and he 's a rebel .
tr	I	He followed as fiercely as he could to uncover what was making that strange noise and his feet padded into a sprint .
tr	O	Dan 's lips parted , to negate the plan , but the words wouldn 't come out .
tr	I	It will make you feel better but it is only broth .
tr	O	People get tattoos to cover scars all the time ... But everything in my gut tells me that it 's not nothing .
tr	I	She continued to try , taking another step toward the hunter , but he knew she saw the attack in his mind .
tr	O	I said to her , and I pushed her inside , hitting her head on the mirror , cracking it .
tr	I	She began to question herself and attempting to speak in a masculine voice was causing her considerable nervous strain .
tr	I	They weren 't expecting how it worked out , but these would all be unencrypted while they watched .
tr	O	He thrust forth his hands , and a great cry came from the wounded creature .
tr	O	She did and he stayed one step behind her .
tr	O	She was already starting to miss Austin , and it had only been a day .
tr	O	She wanted to say yes right away , but she knew that she should at least talk to Mike about it .
tr	I	Air rushed in , almost bursting her lungs and he shook her .
tr	O	I drink a few more handfuls , but Bernard refuses .
tr	I	She decided to stop by the beach and the rain started to pick up again .
tr	O	CHAPTER 13 The door closed behind him , but it went unnoticed .
tr	I	He was impatient with himself , and last night 's ploy hadn 't worked all that well because of something he simply hadn 't considered .
tr	I	Rod reached for the rope to snub her on a shorter line , and Brindle pulled her head backward .
tr	I	I was kissing him back , and my brain disconnected from my body .
tr	O	He laughs again but his face is sad .
tr	I	I refused , but the village elders told me that I should find a new mate .
tr	O	The dwarf fell on the landing , and he hoped the dwarf would recover .
tr	O	I shivered in the bright sun , and Martin put his arm around me .
tr	I	She instantly missed the feeling of his body pressed into hers and he pulled away from her .
tr	I	He shivered , even under the bright midday sun but his skin was burning up .
tr	I	Theresa sensed it , and he was hesitating , conflicted .
tr	O	Blood rushed to my cheeks and I looked at the floor .
tr	O	His girlfriend was still standing in this guys arms and he couldn 't comprehend what had just happened .
tr	I	It seemed a lot farther , but the front door was approximately a hundred feet away .
tr	I	No words came out but her mouth fell open .
tr	I	My sister is a rich airhead and my mom is a rich crackhead .
tr	I	Then I lost those books for almost 30 years , and I wrote three books about it that no one ever saw .
tr	O	She 'd thought him a skilled kisser , but it was nothing compared to what he was doing now .
tr	I	I bounced her a little on my shoulder , while I walked her around the room , and the baby started to cry .
tr	I	She seemed to relax next to him , but he doubted it .
tr	I	She was a complete angel the rest of the day , but I don 't know how you did it .
tr	O	The dreaded process of relaxing came more easily than I expected , and my anxiety was soon replaced by a soothing peacefulness .
tr	O	The blackness rose up in my mind again , and I was helpless to resist it once more .
tr	I	She didn 't ever want to let him go , and as quickly as it arrived , the pain faded .
tr	I	They both turned to look , and Madison stopped short beside him .
tr	I	Fisher walked right , but the Skyway was in the ground to the left .
tr	I	I left a message and it went to voicemail again .
tr	O	Your Achilles heel is lying on your lap , and if any of your enemies gets a hold of her , they will control you completely .
tr	I	He did eventually leave , but Ry 's escort was slower to go out the door .
tr	O	He 'd asked to talk , and she 'd let him begin .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure what , but she was up to something .
tr	O	These were water dragons that lived at the bottom of the sea , and the devil backed dragons were their greatest enemies .
tr	I	She jumped in and he kept his eyes on the monstrous thing in the sky as the passenger door opened .
tr	I	It 's still risky , but we can move too fast to be seen .
tr	I	I couldn 't understand it , but I knew what was happening .
tr	O	She 's going to need more than me though , and I think Tallis would be the best option .
tr	O	He rubbed his eyes a third time , hoping he was just seeing things , but the creatures were still there watching him .
tr	O	My chest feels like it 's cracked open , baring my pounding heart , but I answer .
tr	I	I wasn 't even going to touch the patties and there was no more salad .
tr	I	She slowed and they approached a crypt with an open door .
tr	O	Self is an undeniable reality and selfishness is also very natural .
tr	O	My ticket was purchased in the name of Malcolm Bannister , and his old passport worked just fine .
tr	O	Her breathing accelerated , but finally he spoke .
tr	O	We jogged through much more of the dense forest , but this time it was different .
tr	I	He had made good on that promise , and John had always said he was going to be a cop .
tr	O	I navigated us through the hiking trails , telling Cassidy stories about the invisible world Toby and I had concocted there when we were kids .
tr	O	He would have to wait , but in the meantime , he could check a few of the places she frequented .
tr	I	He felt that under the circumstances , just having food was quite the luxury , but fresh lobster was the best kind .
tr	I	My jaw dropped as we entered and the double doors swung inward .
tr	O	One of Mandisa 's friends passed by and Mandisa scurried from my lap toward them .
tr	I	His hands slipped around her waist but she tried to push those thoughts aside .
tr	I	I 'd been intimate with Mistral , but once it would have impressed me .
tr	O	I knew that the most greater part of the human ones if they get them working , and Italo had been without job for a piece .
tr	O	He was the best Mags could ask for in a son , and it made me happy to know he was there with her .
tr	I	Ted wasn 't nearly as transparent as most people , but she did what she could to read his expression .
tr	I	Once more his thoughts drifted away from him , but Dollop 's usual interview patter fell effortlessly from his lips .
tr	O	I lied and she agreed .
tr	O	I squeezed his hand , and as impossible as it seemed , I fell asleep .
tr	I	Everyone went through different ones and portals appeared .
tr	I	Now they shared a child , and they shared so much history .
tr	I	That woman spells danger , and we are the same .
tr	I	Now , it was too late , but maybe she could have survived a similar injury in this world .
tr	I	The recklessness of their experiments had put them squarely into this position , but she wanted to feel compassionate .
tr	O	I called to Sadie and she came to us , sitting next to me .
tr	O	I ask and he nods .
tr	I	His foot moved up and she pressed on his ankle .
tr	I	They 're doing it through Black and someone was using me to get to you .
tr	O	I lowered my head in concession , and he knew he had won .
tr	O	He reached for her hand and she let him take it .
tr	O	I want to tell her , just to get Des stripped of rank , but I won 't do that .
tr	O	One of them tried to grab Ash , but they did not bleed faster .
tr	O	They understood and ten men created a circle around the two combatants .
tr	I	She loved the way his body felt as it gently touched hers and Jake moved her hands up to his shoulders .
tr	I	I haven 't mastered it , but there is .
tr	I	It 's better left there , and that 's in the past .
tr	O	He tapped my shoulder and I looked back up at him .
tr	O	He 's breathing hard but he 's suddenly alert .
tr	O	He fought to get in and I let him get in .
tr	I	I was now marked for damnation , but Sure I still had my life .
tr	O	This seemed to satisfy her for the moment , and she nodded once .
tr	O	One flap down and it would be out of his reach .
tr	O	She had opened it , but he didn 't think she 'd really got a chance to check it out before this .
tr	O	He wasn 't necessarily comfortable with the idea of being armed , but he was even more uncomfortable with the prospect of encountering a hungry bear .
tr	O	Metal scraped against the road and Haven turned to see the crashed truck sway a little on its side .
tr	I	Her tantalizing scent touched his heart , and her soft skin brushed his fingers .
tr	I	I left , but I 'm supposed to be in my room .
tr	I	With luck someone might have left a knife in one of the drawers , but the place had obviously been uninhabited for a very long time .
tr	O	He slightly lifted his arm , and I looked down at his hand .
tr	O	Jocelyn was sitting on the sofa but Ilona couldn 't see her face .
tr	I	It did happen , but it wasn 't common .
tr	O	He has a family now and it 's made him overly cautious .
tr	I	That made this victory all the sweeter , but Funny that she hadn 't even known she was a contender .
tr	I	It kept going straight to voicemail , but I tried calling his cell phone .
tr	I	Tabitha sighed and the radio fell silent .
tr	O	He was a few steps down from the landing and his eyes were level with hers .
tr	I	For so long she had thought only of that aspect , and the act he 'd been engaged in had been obscene .
tr	O	Helen stepped forward and her voice rose .
tr	O	He could , and we 'd be powerless to do anything about it .
tr	I	She didn 't get the message until today , but Bastien had called her .
tr	O	Jason answered the call on the first ring , and Gray filled him in on what was happening .
tr	O	I know you may think it does , but the world doesn 't revolve around you !
tr	O	She grabbed the knob and flung the doors open .
tr	O	Elise had many secrets and some of them were very bad .
tr	I	Daniel seemed to appreciate her businesslike attitude , but I didn 't think I could stand to work with someone like that .
tr	I	The Mediterranean sunshine radiated warmth off the stone pathway that meandered through the gardens , and vast vineyards blanketed the hillside .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I could see from Holden 's face that he was confused .
tr	I	On the other hand , I didn 't feel right adding fuel to Wild Bill 's fire , but I didn 't want to lie to him .
tr	O	It was meant to appear accidental , but Z knew better .
tr	I	The Captain went on , and Allan nodded grimly .
tr	O	The plants need to be watered , but if I take time to water them then the weeds start taking over in the other rows .
tr	O	If she wasn 't tired of the repetition , I was , but I couldn 't seem to get my mouth working .
tr	I	The look in her face revealed her longing , and I glanced at Sara to see her reaction .
tr	I	The street was filled in again , but a plow had gone by earlier .
tr	I	Sage surrendered to it and Heat slammed into him .
tr	I	I couldn 't picture it , yet it was reasonable .
tr	O	Playing his fiancee would make everything seem real and I wasn 't sure that was such a good idea .
tr	I	I knew that would only make us appreciate the good times more , but we 'd had a bumpy ride .
tr	O	The tailor gnomes clapped like happy seals , and the nurse nodded approvingly .
tr	I	They didn 't loosen either , but his fingers didn 't tighten , for which I was glad .
tr	I	I was positive the line to the restrooms was out the door , and the crowd thinned a little behind us .
tr	O	She had done this to him , and the guilt ate at her , a malignant cancer without a cure .
tr	O	The new Mrs. Barron was the head of the Beautification Committee 's fund-raiser and Liza had signed onto the committee .
tr	O	He wanted me to know that he had told the world and I repaid him by missing it to be with another guy .
tr	O	Ryan greeted her but she barely noticed .
tr	I	I knew I should tell her , and Allie said , smiling .
tr	I	My kids made a great new friend , and I got to hold the new calves .
tr	I	I could barely get the words out , and my heart was pounding against my ribs .
tr	O	She thought to raise a hand to block her eyes , but of course her eyes had nothing to do with it .
tr	I	There 's no further hell falling from the blue sky , and this private estate fared slightly better than my mother 's villa .
tr	O	I have to glance over my shoulder at Luke in his truck and that gives me the extra boost I need .
tr	I	The answer was immediate , and Kat 's eyes met mine .
tr	O	There was probably a homeless guy sleeping a few feet away from me in the darkness , but I didn 't give a hoot .
tr	O	Sherbrooke Enterprises would be calling for bids on their new development soon , and he needed to start positioning himself for the election in another year .
tr	O	I wanted an answer , and I wanted it now .
tr	O	As she worked down his jeans , her hair slid over it , and he gave a harsh gasp .
tr	O	I think he 's trembling less , but it 's hard to tell without the bells singing to tell me .
tr	O	She showed me how to get onto the Mississippi Highway , and we made much better time getting back to Green Bay .
tr	I	I couldn 't focus on the chicken scratch on the pages and the pencil in my hand was limp between my fingers .
tr	I	I don 't mean the schizophrenic kind , and Marketing really isn 't anything more than word salad .
tr	O	I 'd tried explaining this before , but everyone had been so angry with me I was sure none of them had listened .
tr	O	Devin 's hand shot out and he firmly grasped my arm .
tr	I	The other woman did not even bat an eyelash but Misty was scared that would hurt Matilda .
tr	I	Her back arched up and her grip tightened on the hilt .
tr	I	Broken walls can be mended , and few enemy lives would be lost .
tr	O	She left off the part where she was quitting and they had dated .
tr	I	We have a moment to look around and the pushing seems to weaken a bit .
tr	O	He always wanted to do fieldwork someday , and this might be the opening he needed .
tr	O	She was exhausted , and it was late .
tr	I	I doubled over , dry heaving and my throat was on fire .
tr	O	Reece inwardly knew the truth , and that was all that mattered .
tr	O	This fleet appeared to be catching up to us , and thus it must be a war fleet .
tr	I	The arrow grazed Altair 's cheek and one of the archers had checked his aim .
tr	O	As he did , Nancy appeared to realize I was standing there , and she turned to face me .
tr	I	It seems to work , but I don 't know what it is .
tr	O	The watch glowed a dark red colour , and suddenly his right hand glowed as well .
tr	I	I 'm elated to see it vacant and a cab pulls up to the stop at the next block .
tr	O	To understand what it could mean for herself ... and Johnnie ... Johnnie froze , realizing what it meant .
tr	I	On some level I was also genuinely attracted to him , but to be honest part of me was compelled by him .
tr	O	A pencil appeared in his hand and he began to wave it around .
tr	O	I don 't want to be jobless in two months if I work at the Banner and it falls apart .
tr	O	She made an effort to smile , but she kept her eyes straight ahead .
tr	O	pulling it open and shoving her though .
tr	O	The phone rang and in the distance , she heard Thomas on the answering machine spouting out some numbers .
tr	I	He would get stronger , but now he was weak .
tr	I	I have to get home , and I 've been working all night .
tr	O	At first his tone had been affable , but the invitation to his office sounded businesslike .
tr	I	He froze for a last stand , and I backed him into a corner of sorts .
tr	O	They had rescued Sibyl , and the remains of Andra 's sister were safely stowed in his duffel bag .
tr	O	The hair on the back of Ellie 's neck stood up , and she felt like she was being watched .
tr	I	She 'd kicked off her strappy heels , but she still wore her little black number from the party .
tr	O	I started to answer , but she cut me off .
tr	I	She was determined to keep it that way and she had turned her back on that life .
tr	I	I was shaking and it was cold .
tr	O	He spent his days swindling customers , and I spent mine practicing my dancing .
tr	I	She had lost a lot of weight recently or she was either wearing someone else 's clothes .
tr	O	I winked at Collins , but she didn 't seem amused .
tr	O	Something about the picture disturbed her profoundly , but she couldn 't think what .
tr	O	He pushed my gurney slowly beside Jamie 's , and I lay there , our heads side by side .
tr	O	It was too late , and soon he saw why .
tr	O	My mouth moved , but nothing came out .
tr	O	Jace bellowed , and the crowd 's shouting diminished into startled murmurs .
tr	O	Cal twitched his arm a few times until the needle came into reach and he grabbed it in his right hand .
tr	O	Lea tried to get out of the clinch , but she noticed something .
tr	O	Maggie 's arm was tense and I moved back a fraction .
tr	I	I 'm giving you nothing , and you are giving me everything .
tr	I	Nick had ever been close and it wasn 't like she .
tr	O	I graduated at the bottom of my class , yet I was smarter than my wife .
tr	I	She didn 't want to argue anymore , and she was embarrassed .
tr	O	Rachel rapped on the window , but it made hardly any sound .
tr	O	I was offended at first , but then I put myself in your shoes .
tr	O	Annie was back , and she loved him .
tr	I	She was more than willing to put her own insight into the companies , but she had no idea what he might be looking for .
tr	O	Then he touched Chelsea 's elbow as if to ease her out of the room , but she jerked away from the contact .
tr	O	My fingers curled a little more closely around hers and I took a breath .
tr	O	Her eyes flashed to Shifter again , and her claws came out .
tr	O	Many of them are retired commercial fishermen and it is in them to the bone .
tr	I	Rachel couldn 't respond for a moment and the words stung .
tr	I	Things could be worse , and it was his job .
tr	I	We 're safe and we 're here .
tr	I	They 're ignoring it , but I think the cops know about it too .
tr	O	They were living in the twenty-first century for God 's sake , and here he was participating in medieval rites .
tr	O	In all of my centuries , I have never encountered anything quite like it , but I have had time to consider it .
tr	I	I suddenly realize he must be craving for my blood and he turns back towards me .
tr	O	He shut his eyes , and I thought I heard the softest of sighs .
tr	O	It moved fast though , and soon we were inside .
tr	O	Her eyes frantically searched the room and she found a soft , blue wrapper thrown across the back of a chair .
tr	O	I winked back at him , and he went away .
tr	O	This infuriated Reuben , but he pressed on .
tr	O	He wanted her so badly , but he 'd taken pains to hide his desire .
tr	O	The door remained closed and the bustling stopped .
tr	I	He had a competitive streak as well , but Eddie wasn 't quite as bad .
tr	O	He inquires , innate politeness taking over , but I can see the questioning in his eyes as to why he agreed to speak with me .
tr	O	She felt as if she were going to start screaming at any minute , and she didn 't like being this crazy , irrational person .
tr	O	I heard about these things , but I 've never seen one .
tr	O	She didn 't like lying to her mother , but if she knew her date hadn 't shown the inquisition would start .
tr	O	Petunia whined , and Heather 's girl reached past Georgie into the dryer to pet her .
tr	O	The rain was cold but they brace through it .
tr	O	I may be headed for the loony bin , but I don 't need to let the entire world in on my journey .
tr	O	She may be a nominee , but she was fairly certain that they probably wouldn 't even read her name .
tr	O	Kids were smoking marijuana , but this wasn 't unusual .
tr	I	The balance of power had shifted also , but the United States was irrefutably split now .
tr	I	We answered as many questions as possible and the police had arrived shortly after that .
tr	O	I couldn 't hear him , but it looked like he was screaming at me from across the room .
tr	O	She tried to touch his mind , but he simply waited .
tr	I	I know it and you know it .
tr	O	At that moment my cell door opens and a lowly Mog enters .
tr	I	You have plenty of baby-making time on your month long honeymoon , but I really want a niece .
tr	O	She was a pleasant kind of bird , and the Fat Frog liked her very much .
tr	I	She was a fast learner , but yes , her financial situation was uncomfortable .
tr	I	She wasn 't as confident on her stiletto heels as before , and Gail 's black gown was wrinkled after all .
tr	O	The evening is growing dark alarmingly fast , but his numerous concerns do not include the availability of light .
tr	I	What he really wanted to know was what his parents were like as individuals , but I couldn 't give him the full truth , obviously .
tr	O	There is a nice full size panoramic sunroof and when he turns the radio on , the speaker system sounds crystal clear .
tr	O	It was super early in the morning , but the temperature was already on the rise .
tr	O	He wants to say something , but he doesn 't because his words wouldn 't be heard anyway .
tr	I	She knew she couldn 't tell her the whole truth , but she trusted Emily .
tr	I	Really it was just more monotony , but Sandor thought he was rewarding me with that Lecture Hall session .
tr	I	You Settlers among us , but not just the Spacers .
tr	O	I can see he wants to push harder , but it 's not just about me any more .
tr	I	Sam was far away , but I could still feel our connection .
tr	O	Jacqueline had taken her to a boutique , and Alix had made the mistake of glancing at the price tag .
tr	O	That helped warm her , but her feet were freezing .
tr	I	I did not wish to turn around and she motioned with her weapon over my shoulder .
tr	I	Dominick would be Max , and she 'd start over as Emma Wright .
tr	I	When she saw the view below she gasped , and she let him escort her out of the car .
tr	I	I wanted to know but I didn 't know .
tr	I	It might be nice to see him grovel a little , but I understood why .
tr	O	I opened my fridge , and a list of needed groceries instantly printed from the side .
tr	I	He gave her no choice , but Mira didn 't want to look at him .
tr	I	As the girls walked away , Shawn got up slowly , not willing to let anyone see how stiff he 'd gotten , and Lunch ended .
tr	O	He saw the longing in her eyes and it matched the desire pulsing through him .
tr	I	Her instinct for survival quickly took over , but he was larger , stronger , deadly .
tr	I	Again Marius smiled , and they looked at one another for a moment .
tr	I	My voice echoed around the room and I shouted .
tr	O	The Valkyrie stared at me , and I fumbled for an explanation .
tr	I	I told him so and it was exactly what I needed .
tr	O	Tears filled her eyes , and she blinked them away .
tr	I	Unfortunately , I didn 't have that talent , but I wished that my abilities included telepathy because I wanted to tell him to hurry .
tr	I	He couldn 't shake a sense of nervousness , and now they were on their way back to the SUV .
tr	O	You 're The Boss , and you represent legitimate authority .
tr	I	Bounding with joy , I communicated my discovery to my mother , and a new light seemed to dawn upon my mind .
tr	I	The vehicle disappeared into the night , but Deuce started to run after it .
tr	O	Nathan pulled his hand back and a swirling green whirlpool appeared .
tr	O	My ears know the truth already , and the sun does not shine today .
tr	I	He grinned as he pushed away from the curb and his expression became smug .
tr	I	I understood , but I didn 't like it .
tr	O	Logan lets me go , and I look at Matt .
tr	O	The paper was discolored from being in the barn so long , and someone had scribbled across the lower right-hand corner in red ink .
tr	I	Her posture was too stiff , her entire demeanor , too wary , but it should be the same for her .
tr	O	Sawyer glanced at me and I gave her a wide-eyed , pleading look .
tr	O	I understand that , but Van doesn 't .
tr	I	Several minutes ticked away , and only silence greeted me .
tr	I	I told her so , and it wasn 't her place .
tr	O	She would learn from her mistakes , and then they could all move on .
tr	I	Everywhere else I could think of , and I checked up here twice , your parents ' house once .
tr	I	Amelia 's comments had only led to more questions about the puzzling Madeline Spencer , but her friend had been more forthcoming .
tr	I	I take this inside and Let 's you .
tr	O	I can feel his sympathy , but it 's drenched in an agony of his own .
tr	I	Her hand shook too much , but she started to punch in her combination .
tr	I	She wanted it to herself and this was still her office .
tr	O	We road back to his office and he tied me to his couch .
tr	O	She laughed , and the sound of it eased something inside him .
tr	I	It was all about Violet , but neither had I. Will might not have either .
tr	O	He 'd tried to check last night , but it 'd been too soon .
tr	O	She nodded and he pulled her onto the back of his bike , revving the engine .
tr	O	At that moment , Lea was done changing , but that didn 't bother Tania because she wasn 't interested in Lea 's looks .
tr	O	He wondered how many more might be moving among the hallways of the keep , but he did not worry .
tr	I	We watched it disappear and some of the sunset glow could be seen .
tr	I	HHA had quickly realised that it could be very useful indeed and I had inherited the nose section with one of my aircraft .
tr	I	We sat on one near a beautiful , lighted palm tree and there were some unoccupied seats at the bar 's exterior .
tr	I	I stopped myself before I could say something , but I wasn 't ready to do this .
tr	I	He needed more workers , but there was still time .
tr	I	He looked it , and I felt lost .
tr	O	Fire had made her nervous right at first , but now she rather liked having a fire in the evening .
tr	I	His stomach inched a little closer to his throat , and his hand wrapped around the ring inside .
tr	I	Apparently it shows and I have no idea what he 's talking about .
tr	I	You have to end this call but I don 't want to be rude .
tr	I	The sea was his realm , and he never spoke up much during meetings , since we mostly dealt with mortal problems .
tr	I	I remember wishing you could use my knee but I was too small to do more .
tr	O	A blare of static pealed forth from the radio , and he fumbled with the controls until he managed to turn it off .
tr	I	He hadn 't fallen , but the Titan had stumbled .
tr	O	You spun your little lies , and she got caught in them .
tr	I	His cheeks shined like waxed apples , and he saw he wore corporal stripes .
tr	I	There 's a keypad and the desktop lifts up .
tr	O	Stones bit into my knuckles as I slid down , but I refused to let go of my gun .
tr	I	Even after trotting it all out , he still wanted Rachel , and damn it , he 'd gone into this conversation looking for a libido killer .
tr	I	I have tried to give you as much information as possible but I 'm sure the past few days have been overwhelming thus far .
tr	O	Everyone looked the same in a hood , and Nate couldn 't place the voice .
tr	I	What could we do , but this seemed like a shallow hope ?
tr	I	I don 't know what I 'll find there , but I would invite you to stay at Monica 's .
tr	O	I do want to help him , and I 'll find something to do with him .
tr	O	There was a sizzle and the man screamed , falling back out of sight .
tr	I	How helpful Glenn Hallam had been and Ben told her about the blank prescription pad .
tr	O	He fell to the ground , tried to roll to put out the fire , but the flames wouldn 't die .
tr	O	The acrid smoke would likely overwhelm any subtler smells , but Butch appeared keen to try .
tr	I	His intense gaze made her speechless , but she wanted to speak , to tell him she 'd keep visiting Pea no matter what .
tr	I	I shook my head , and the guys took off .
tr	O	She had let another man touch her , and she wanted to die because of it .
tr	O	The spotlight is bright , so I can 't see her from up here , but I have a pretty good idea she 's smiling .
tr	I	Blake skied off to the side to let it pass , and one of the rescue team 's snowmobiles was pulling out .
tr	O	He checked his cell , but Lauren hadn 't called .
tr	I	As such , it hurt me to see all the pain he felt over Jill 's disappearance , and I was proud to call him my friend .
tr	I	They could see lights in the windows , and there was smoke coming from the chimneys .
tr	O	Thomas did his best to mask his worry , but he was having more difficulty now containing himself .
tr	I	It faded , but I tried to hold on to it .
tr	I	Max knew it , and Kevin had never been this adamant before .
tr	I	Tink intercepted him , but Jason took an awkward step forward .
tr	I	Contemporary threw her , but hymns were fine .
tr	O	Anger quickly formed a shield around the hurt , but it took Jax a few long moments to get through the seething transition .
tr	I	In that moment she finally slew all her demons , and sheer feminine power surged through her at his response .
tr	O	I 'm ashamed and I don 't even remember it .
tr	I	No sign of the physical trauma he 'd endured was with him , and his face was perfectly healed .
tr	O	He paused , waiting for the assurance , but it didn 't come .
tr	I	I wasn 't having any of it , but he put his hands on my shoulders .
tr	O	Donovan screamed and I hit the floor just in time to dodge Sulley 's grasping hands .
tr	O	He didn 't return until very late but I was awake when he did .
tr	I	Death is the only thing that will divide us , and as a united front we will prevail over a lone vampire .
tr	I	He had not asked for the privilege , and he hadn 't been invited to sit .
tr	O	They ate in silence and Savannah was grateful .
tr	I	He made a soft groan and I lightly squeezed his nipple between my fingers .
tr	O	I drink a little , ignoring the girl in front of me , and watch as Megan purses her lips around a straw .
tr	O	The cake needed another half an hour , and she set the timer to remind her .
tr	I	Grace 's younger daughter , Kelly , provided day care for Noelle , and the two women had helped her find a new job .
tr	O	I asked , and he nodded .
tr	I	He 'd hate to howl with all those men watching , and when the bone broke , it was liable to be excruciating .
tr	O	A great nation must show itself to the world , and Germany is a great nation -- perhaps the greatest .
tr	O	Now I 'm trying , and I 'll continue to try .
tr	O	He tried to clean up the floor , but it was no use .
tr	O	He may have a funny way of showing things but he does care about you .
tr	I	She was slowly becoming an obsession he had to have but he wished he could just walk away .
tr	O	I 've asked you before , but I 'm askin ' you again now .
tr	I	Marcus lowered his head and the people respectfully applauded .
tr	O	You 've claimed me and I don 't care if it shows .
tr	I	Dad had inherited it and it had been Grandfather 's car .
tr	O	I seriously considered the talking in my sleep option for five full minutes but I knew that the woman would just keep calling until I got here .
tr	I	He tucked it down against his chest to get it to stop and Lenny 's jaw clicked away like a jackhammer .
tr	I	They slipped out into the night and he took her by the hand .
tr	I	We laughed at the same places , which was heartening , and the movie we picked was a comedy .
tr	O	Some were no bigger than imps , and some were as big as houses .
tr	O	He shrugged his shoulders and they headed into the bedroom .
tr	I	It was her tone of voice that was telling but she squinted up at Josie .
tr	I	He found everyone waiting for him in the lounge and Neil was the last one out of the showers .
tr	O	I was willing , but I didn 't know if I was able .
tr	O	The door to the spare bedroom was cracked , and I couldn 't remember leaving it that way .
tr	I	I rushed toward it , frantically hoping that I could make him stay , and panic struck me .
tr	O	I shove the gun forward and it slides away from us .
tr	O	She was drinking from him , and every soft move of her lips had his body tensing even more .
tr	O	Being rude was natural for her , but she was determined to keep the peace until after she 'd eaten the cheeseburger .
tr	I	That 's as it should be , and you both have those responsibilities now .
tr	I	Elizabeth knew he saved Josh 's life , but Randy didn 't want to discuss how he managed the horror filled ATV ride to the truck .
tr	O	The pub was much emptier now , and as I stepped outside , so were the streets .
tr	I	It was the honest one , but I knew it probably wasn 't the answer Mom wanted .
tr	O	Vince snorted into his drink and I felt my jaw clench .
tr	I	She still didn 't have the time and now the twins were six years old .
tr	I	Damn if it didn 't turn him on , just a little , and she bared her teeth at him .
tr	I	Logic was of little comfort in that moment , but this would have been breaking the rules as far as I understood them .
tr	O	He wore only a pair of jeans , and every movement of his muscles taunted her .
tr	O	A sickening wave spread through my body and I felt my head growing dizzy .
tr	I	You could tell he wasn 't used to the small talk thing , but Bryce tried to keep the conversation going .
tr	I	I was glad to rest in an actual bed , and it had been a long , emotionally exhausting night .
tr	O	He moved his arm from around me slowly , and unless I was imagining it , he wasn 't too happy to be doing it .
tr	I	I knew I didn 't like beer , but I didn 't know what I wanted .
tr	O	The sudden switch of subjects made my head whirl a bit but I nodded again .
tr	O	The sun shone down through the thick cover of trees , and Mother Earth dissolved into the sunlight .
tr	I	The mosquitoes were ever present , searching endlessly for blood , and the beetles were large , with thick , hard shells .
tr	O	He tried the handle , but it had locked again .
tr	O	Maybe this time when she woke up her father would be there , and he would have a nice hot cup of coffee steaming .
tr	O	The team had assembled and the hunt was about to begin .
tr	O	I 'll share the ice cream , but we 're eating it somewhere else .
tr	I	Claire would sleep peacefully , and tonight they would end .
tr	I	Balthazar didn 't intend to give him that opportunity and no , that would require getting Skye alone .
tr	O	She didn 't know how he 'd worked that miracle and she didn 't care .
tr	I	Katie told her thanks and she laughed .
tr	I	I feel him pressing inside me and he moves his weight onto his elbows .
tr	O	I tried not to smile , but it was the best damn part of my day seeing someone else get shot .
tr	O	I thought he 'd gone for the day or I would never have risked slipping into the tub without my suit .
tr	O	He began to speak , but I didn 't hear him at first .
tr	O	My soul died that night and I 'm hoping that my body will soon follow because being here is just too hard ... too painful .
tr	O	It 's been so long , and I 'm so very tired .
tr	O	He scooted back from me and I scrambled to my feet .
tr	I	The second that laughter climbed up my throat , Willow 's face flashed in my mind , but I desperately wanted to laugh about it .
tr	O	The waitress left her to it , but Iona noticed she stopped by another server for a quick word .
tr	I	It stopped him for a moment , but it didn 't break his shield .
tr	O	Mayor Gherkin handed Jeremy the ring , and Lexie gave him one as well .
tr	O	Kelsey 's eyes locked on mine , and suddenly things seemed much less funny .
tr	O	Her hand went to her throat , and then she opened her mouth again .
tr	O	Tommy Hargrave was dead , and she was the very culprit that the police chief had been referring to .
tr	I	Austin decided that she wanted to support it , and it was a healthy dose of rebellion .
tr	O	I 'd known this day was coming but I hadn 't been prepared for it .
tr	O	His face , close above her , had that same vacant expression , but there was an underlying bestiality that chilled her .
tr	I	We could hide it behind some leaves instead of bare stems and it would have been a lot easier if it wasn 't autumn .
tr	I	Nick about died and she ran her tongue over her bottom lip .
tr	I	Her voice has a ring of desperation , and Sarah tries one more time .
tr	O	Our mouths lined up perfectly , and Aiden 's chest rose sharply .
tr	I	She believed he always would , and he had rescued her before .
tr	O	My eyes widen and my heart beats hard in my chest .
tr	I	She adopted him right away , and the thought made her furious .
tr	I	He was not going to wear a stupid dress , but he didn 't know who these aliens thought they were .
tr	O	Luke had taken a risk , and I appreciated his honesty .
tr	I	She could outrun him easy , and he was fifty feet away .
tr	I	The sound filled the interior of the car , and Lorena was still screaming .
tr	O	I played along at first , but it didn 't take long for me to switch to club soda .
tr	I	Now they were going to entertain themselves , and once the sun had started to set , the marauders decided to make camp .
tr	O	Jack the Zipper hadn 't even touched her yet , but the mere thought he might triggered a primal response .
tr	I	When after two days he still hadn 't heard anything , he put in a call to Rodriguez ; and Durrant too let him stew .
tr	I	We headed home and Crystal laughed as she started up the car again .
tr	I	He thinks his friends will laugh at him if he likes a girl , or maybe he 's shy .
tr	I	I 'm waiting for a break and all of the evidence is catalogued .
tr	O	It was fairly standard procedure in such a situation but as they weren 't trained it was an impressive start .
tr	I	He promised Amy she wouldn 't be the last to know , but this was going to be the hardest call of his life .
tr	O	That wasn 't going to save him , not now , but it did defuse the hottest threads of Aden 's fury .
tr	I	Even she knew she 'd had very little to give in the first place , and she had nothing more to give .
tr	O	She was grateful for the tiny bikini that didn 't hide much of her skin from his hands but it still wasn 't enough .
tr	O	You can afford to seem worried , but you mustn 't ever seem uncertain .
tr	I	At the moment , it showed merely a sleeping pattern , but usually , they still mostly showed the characteristic coma pattern .
tr	O	Pain exploded in my head and I felt like the skin of my scalp was about to be torn off .
tr	I	It 's been disconnected , but we have a number to what might be a cell phone .
tr	O	Finn talked a big , dirty game , but I hadn 't seen him with anyone .
tr	O	He had opened her eyes to the possibility of another life but that didn 't mean she was leaving her husband for him .
tr	I	It 's obvious the bastard is enjoying himself , and he chuckles .
tr	O	He knew he had the option of filing for bankruptcy , but he refused to consider it .
tr	I	Her heart broke a little when Damen sucked in his breath audibly at the seeming snub , and she forced her gaze away from Damen .
tr	O	He was massively injured , and my self-examination was aiding his recovery time .
tr	O	One of the shuttles roared past us , and another hung back .
tr	I	Now his body lay at the bottom of the Atlantic where it would remain for all time and his undying love had saved her .
tr	I	Now he saw just how smart Grandpa was , but Will had thought the idea of stores with no food ridiculous .
tr	I	I knew his sharp eyes missed nothing and his thin lips pressed in a line .
tr	I	He shut me out of his life , and three days since we came home .
tr	O	Few truly believed the Huntress had committed that crime , for she had taken her duty to protect the community seriously , but all feared showing support .
tr	O	I really didn 't expect them to have anything back as far as 1984 but it didn 't hurt to look .
tr	O	He 's trying to run away , but he 'll go to her eventually .
tr	I	Obviously I 'm the only one , but I AM SO PROUD OF HER !
tr	O	I asked finally , and my voice was more like a gasp .
tr	O	Colby raised his eyes to the ceiling , but he managed to keep his mouth shut .
tr	I	Hey , it was not , but I hoped that ours would be different .
tr	I	Together they made their way up the steps , and to go with the image , Lucas handed him a briefcase .
tr	I	His sweatshirt had covered her wrists until she started eating but she 'd been beaten .
tr	I	You are stronger than they are , but they are preying on your instincts .
tr	I	Sheridan pushed a button on the remote control , and I must have taken too long to answer .
tr	I	She fought the urge to go to him , and Max turned away to tend the stove .
tr	O	All his sweetness had leaked away by the end , and they were merely holding on .
tr	I	He was able to call for help before they cut him down , and he did his best to defend himself .
tr	I	They turned into real birds and Jesus looked at the birds .
tr	I	All the parts of me that were worth anything would be , but I may not be completely dead .
tr	I	He lifts his glass and his gaze flicks up .
tr	O	My tone was light but a part of me really wanted to do it .
tr	O	I 'm not trying to hurt her feelings , but the snort escapes my lips before I can stop it .
tr	O	I released my line as quickly as I could , and I fell into the covered terrace .
tr	I	We walked outside again , and Lynnette waved a little .
tr	O	Vlad wasn 't calling the shots anymore , but Riley understood the reasoning behind the edict .
tr	O	My associates may not like that , but I don 't care .
tr	I	I couldn 't pull my eyes off Aspen long enough to see , but Crystal must have turned around to see what I was looking at .
tr	I	I nod and he asks .
tr	O	Roger started to get up but Bloom pulled him back down .
tr	I	If she hadn 't spoken , he wouldn 't have recognized her , but it was Joanie .
tr	I	The waves really are crazy and Gavin drops anchor .
tr	I	She needed time to get over the hell McRae had put her through , but the woman might have a backbone of steel .
tr	O	Cold filled the room , the kind of cold that ate at his bones , and he pulled the threadbare blanket close over his thin dressing gown .
tr	O	His vision was blurred by tears , and he missed .
tr	I	They were both clearly visible and the moon was almost full .
tr	O	Justin waited a few minutes to see if her biker boyfriend was going to chase her down , but nothing happened .
tr	O	With a face as serious as murder he lights it for her and she puts it into her mouth .
tr	O	My disappointment was sharp , but I tried to hide it .
tr	O	He had a serious look , but I wasn 't surprised that he noticed that I lied , because I had a retention in my voice .
tr	O	She didn 't want to look for anything deeper and she definitely didn 't want to start talking regrets .
tr	I	Only half of its seats were occupied , but this conference room could comfortably seat forty .
tr	O	I knew it wasn 't the one everyone wanted me to make , but it was mine .
tr	I	I followed him off the stage , and Trystan nodded his head at me .
tr	O	His erection seemed to have grown , if that was even possible , and I could see his pulse thrumming in his neck .
tr	O	Megan looked at her intently , and Kelly looked away again .
tr	I	She detected a smile behind his eyes , but his voice was serious .
tr	I	I remember keeping close to the bridge , but the memory of those hours is vague .
tr	O	Then he was standing on a strange , colorless plain , and there seemed to be statues all around him .
tr	O	Every guy at the table perked up at the sight of two additional women , but the odds were still on the poor side .
tr	I	She jerked away from him , looking at his hand as though it were a snake about to strike , but he reached out again .
tr	I	When she opened her hand again the heart was gone , and a light came from behind them .
tr	O	Her head reminded her that she needed to let go of Austen , but her heart fought the notion every step of the way .
tr	O	She leaned into me , and the adrenaline pouring through me made everything except the beat of my heart go silent .
tr	O	Merlin hopped down to observe , but she paid him no heed .
tr	I	The stars had begun to hide , And the sky had just turned on .
tr	I	Her brain provided the answer the second he looked at her , but she needed a few minutes to recognize the young man .
tr	I	I couldn 't find you , but I went looking for you .
tr	I	Quinn didn 't have one of those , either ... but instead , they used pain switches to ensure compliance .
tr	I	It had gotten a lot less playful , but they 'd kept having this conversation over the years .
tr	I	Any that wanted to come to Portsmouth should be on board ready to depart and Robert announced he would be leaving in two days .
tr	O	She had started to learn the piano at the early age of four , but she had hated every minute of it .
tr	I	I 've pulled it off , but it 's just been so hard keeping secrets from Zoe .
tr	O	I felt my eyes well up and my breath quicken .
tr	O	He didn 't look any different than the rest of the people that frequented our establishment , but he seemed suspicious to me .
tr	O	He pressed a bloody hand to the floor as he tried to get to his feet , but I was there first .
tr	I	I know that he believes me , and the worry fades from his eyes .
tr	O	Tim drove her home and as soon as she walked in the door , she noticed the box sitting on the front hall table .
tr	O	She obviously liked him , but his feelings were conflicted .
tr	I	When the officers placed a registration form in front of him he looked at it carefully and the man did not struggle .
tr	O	He reached under his shirt with his right hand , and I remembered seeing the glint of something metallic earlier .
tr	I	I know it is near , but I can barely track it .
tr	O	The safeguards were many and all of them deadly .
tr	I	Ours was a busy life , but I thought when I could .
tr	O	It didn 't matter that the leather seats were ruined and the interior smelled like chicken shit .
tr	O	My name is Mulroney Jakes , but this guy 's weird accent made it sound ... weird .
tr	I	They were speaking too quickly for me to understand , but I strained to hear the Hungarian words underneath the English of the reporter who was translating .
tr	I	It wasn 't really a question , but he asked her .
tr	O	We stayed in bed until the afternoon , and Ellery showed me how grateful she was .
tr	I	She would like you and you would like her .
tr	O	He looked tired , as if he hadn 't had much sleep , but he didn 't seem to be suffering from a hangover .
tr	I	I 'm so allergic to it and it has always been his line .
tr	I	At other times , it could be as exact as a Mozart Sonata , and sometimes it turned out to be a jumble .
tr	I	My heart crumbles and Dad sobs now .
tr	I	I don 't care , and I don 't know .
tr	O	I know Sara and I could use some coffee .
tr	I	Now it looked so empty , so lonely , but the town may have had happy townspeople before .
tr	I	Its construction looked a lot older , hundreds of years in Ben 's opinion , but the Towers were built at the four corners of the palace .
tr	O	She might not possess the strength of a demon , but she wasn 't entirely helpless .
tr	I	I brought up a map search engine and I accessed the internet once again .
tr	I	His gaze stopped on Tristan , and the mysterious Mr. Chase looked around the classroom .
tr	O	They were about to demolish it , and that would have cost the power company a fortune .
tr	O	The lady 's eyes turned to her and now I saw her face grow soft .
tr	I	You will also gain parts of other people 's abilities , but if you go with them you will lose some of your own ability .
tr	O	It wasn 't easy , but with the lights this dim , it was possible .
tr	O	She smiled back , and he felt a sudden hopefulness .
tr	O	A cushioned chair appeared a few feet in front of Calliope , and Henry let go of me so I could sit down .
tr	I	I could hear the air-conditioner humming quietly and cool air hit me in the face .
tr	O	We 'd destroyed the half vampire , half human motorcycle gang , but there was still the vampire who created them to worry about .
tr	I	A slight smile curved his lips , and those green eyes focused on her again .
tr	I	Chelsea treasured the beautiful wooden clogs that Daddy had brought back for her , and a few months ago he had gone to Amsterdam .
tr	I	He would walk away , or he would either offer marriage to save her reputation .
tr	I	She froze , silently cursing herself , but the sole of her boot muffled the sound .
tr	I	Her friends tended to talk about them as if they were real , and she 'd been drawing these creatures since she was a little girl .
tr	O	The first man somehow had made it a full quarter of the way up , and more refugees took hold of the end .
tr	O	We 'll be together and that is all that matters .
tr	O	He waved Killian out of the door , and they were gone .
tr	O	She is to have the run of the Fortress , and all her needs met .
tr	I	There was something about him that was similar , but I admit this man looked nothing like Patrick .
tr	I	Then we 'll see , and I 'll call tomorrow for an appointment .
tr	I	I could hear the frustration in his voice , but he shrugged .
tr	O	His hand snaked around to my back and he unfastened my bra in one swift motion .
tr	I	It did , but his disinterest shouldn 't have bothered me .
tr	O	I knew they were watching me , but I didn 't care about that either .
tr	I	She kissed me back hard and I kissed her hard .
tr	I	She released her grip on him , and Harry let go of her coat .
tr	I	It wasn 't the wind , but the wind , I thought .
tr	O	It 'd be dark soon , and he hoped to be welcoming Charming home .
tr	O	The breeze carried the soft singing of the tea pickers on a distant slope and she paused in the shade of a tree to listen .
tr	I	They made room for him and it was a large hole .
tr	I	It came right off , and I twisted the ring the other way .
tr	I	Sarah held the newborn life in her arms , and soon the cheers were echoing all around them .
tr	I	After a while it climbed steeply , and soon the passage that had been sloping down began to go up again .
tr	I	There were very few dramatics , and there was no reverential air .
tr	O	He would have offered a hand , but she didn 't appear to need his help on any level .
tr	O	I 'd gotten an A in world history this year , but period clothing hadn 't been on any of our tests .
tr	I	Now his words haunted her , but at the time , Hanna had paid attention only because she thought the cop was sort of hot .
tr	I	Shorter strands had escaped , falling across his tanned cheeks , but his shoulder-length blond hair was pulled back into a ponytail .
tr	I	She laughed before hurrying to follow him and I stuck my tongue out at her .
tr	O	His voice started to vibrate violently , and he buried his face in her hair .
tr	I	He produced a pair of handcuffs , and he nodded at the officer to his right .
tr	I	She definitely didn 't want to go there , and otherwise she 'd probably start thinking about the past .
tr	O	He 'd wanted to say something about the kiss , but Camille was already uncomfortable as it was .
tr	I	Before the coming of the tiger he had slipped away , and he knew all the possible ways out of the room .
tr	I	Giving him hope would keep him on his best behavior , but I wasn 't sure exactly how our honeymoon would work out .
tr	I	The only sign of anyone is the janitor out front emptying the garbage cans and the bleachers are empty .
tr	O	It 's been a year since she died of consumption and my sister Lorrie has taken her place as school teacher .
tr	O	My eyes were blurry with tears , but I couldn 't move a muscle .
tr	I	Some of them would have to be replaced and there were clamps on almost every surface of the vessel .
tr	I	Mom would be heartbroken and Dad would be disappointed .
tr	I	She moved to Heaven , but her body is here .
tr	O	I told him he needed to cure me , and in return , I 'd let him live .
tr	O	I tried to get more involved when Vera left , but her mom didn 't want her getting too close .
tr	I	His fists clenched , and his eyes flashed with anger .
tr	I	Her body hummed like a beehive , and her brain filled in the gaps with graphic images collected over the past three hours .
tr	O	I nod , and he continues .
tr	I	My spells can only do so much , but your physical strength has mostly returned to you .
tr	O	I lived to make her happy , and she loved me more than I 'd ever been loved before in my life .
tr	I	In more ways than I care to count , I actually was and I felt as if I was just starting my life .
tr	O	Grandma isn 't any better , but they are the easiest thing I 've had to deal with today .
tr	O	She started walking and I followed her .
tr	I	The countess wasn 't , but the tiara was real .
tr	I	Some were destined to wield it , and some people were born with it .
tr	O	Here it was mixed with a touch of machine and people smells .
tr	O	Min stumbled , and he unwillingly forced her down to the ground , easily ignoring her struggles .
tr	I	She wasn 't accustomed to taking risks like Hailey and the whole bubbly thing didn 't work for her .
tr	I	Blackness enveloped her , and she felt a sharp pain in her arm .
tr	I	I was over it , but all the while , he stood motionless , looking at me like I was some sort of specimen .
tr	I	He didn 't so much as look at me , and I handed him the fresh copy with his afternoon coffee .
tr	I	They had vacated but it seemed like there had been people recently .
tr	O	Zander tried to take my hand but it was too late .
tr	I	He 'd saved her , yet he was a destroyer .
tr	I	I recognized the deep drawl but he 'd startled me .
tr	I	Robots haven 't been programmed to keep out of sight , and there are bound to be people about , especially in the Eos metropolitan area .
tr	O	She 'd thought most of the people here would be familiar to her but quite a few of the women weren 't .
tr	O	I 'd found a core of steel inside myself , and it wouldn 't let me make so many compromises .
tr	O	His eyes went another shade darker , but they never looked away from mine .
tr	I	I raise the knife and I scream at him .
tr	O	She licked her lips , and he inhaled the fragrance of her heat in the air .
tr	I	She didn 't care because , bottom line , she 'd just seen a ghost but she asked on a whisper , sounding childish !
tr	O	Still , after what felt like an hour of descent , his arms burned from the exertion , and his insides felt like they were disintegrating .
tr	O	I don 't think you realize it , but you sealed your fate the moment you gave me your trust .
tr	I	For a moment it looked like it was going in and he executed the shot .
tr	O	Kara had been roused from the nightmares and she mind filled with the dreams .
tr	I	They weren 't far from it , maybe sixty yards , but they 'd crossed over to the west side of the road .
tr	I	He had landed in a bank of snow and in an instant the door had slammed shut .
tr	O	I knew I was a horrible liar but Ethan knew I was incapable of lying without completely giving myself away .
tr	O	Ornate tapestries hang from the ceiling , and I now realize my hand rests upon someone 's .
tr	I	There was undeniably a strange sense of companionship developing , but we didn 't speak much .
tr	I	Suddenly the party was back on and everyone standing near the table laughed .
tr	I	It always proved to be a nightmare , and add a full moon to the equation .
tr	I	We 're going to have a problem getting him out of here and all we need is a stray shot to hit his suit .
tr	O	The nurse pressed a button , and the head of the bed rose enough so that Renna was propped upright .
tr	I	They suck , but some people disapprove .
tr	O	I close my eyes , terrified that it 's happening again but unable to stop the warm feelings of love coursing through me .
tr	I	She had ridden to warn me , and Valentine had heard the rumors too .
tr	O	There was a small clearing in the forest and they decided to make camp there .
tr	I	If this was her only hope of getting out now , she was taking that chance , but maybe he 'd drop her on the ascent .
tr	O	She looked up at him and he smiled .
tr	O	He pressed his lips into a tight line , and my heart sank in my chest .
tr	I	He fished it out of his pocket , and Bennett 's phone buzzed .
tr	I	Two are vacant , and there are only four campsites on the property .
tr	O	He knew she was going to be difficult but it still frustrated him .
tr	O	The room is suddenly silent , and there 's nowhere to hide in that silence .
tr	O	Susan walked out first , but as she approached Savitar , the hair on the back of her neck rose .
tr	I	We went to Florida for a family trip in high school and I hadn 't seen the ocean since I was a kid .
tr	I	Beth 's body took up a lot of room all the same , but the space was big enough for all of them .
tr	O	The reminder of what had happened that morning made a block of ice form in my stomach , and I dug my nails into my palm .
tr	O	I only had one female friend , and she was back in Boston finishing up law school .
tr	O	He leans in excruciatingly slowly until his lips just barely reach mine , and the anticipation of them alone is enough to paralyze me .
tr	I	Never had been and Mike wasn 't much of a planner .
tr	I	She felt compelled to suggest it , but Valerie didn 't actually believe that .
tr	O	Customer has a choice and he will buy the best .
tr	I	One of the guards outside said something to her sharply , and she opened it .
tr	I	I had objections to all of them ; and Mother had lined up four houses to see .
tr	I	Her breath trembled with each inhale , and her eyes were raw from crying .
tr	O	I thought it was great but Wanda squeaked a lot .
tr	I	I knew why and she seemed surprised .
tr	I	She was lost , and he gave a knowing nod .
tr	I	I carried a coughing Riley out of the ocean , and I made it back to shore in record time .
tr	I	Maybe she was starting to wake up too , as she moved her bottom closer to him , or she shifted in her sleep .
tr	O	Travis still isn 't looking at me and I wonder how long he 's been carrying this around with him .
tr	I	There 's no reason for you to come with me , but I 'll look for Cadaver anyway , just in case .
tr	I	I sigh , and she chatters .
tr	O	Pastor Billings said as his eyes narrowed and he lifted his hand toward Chloe .
tr	O	She loved Esme more than anyone in the world , and she knew the older woman would lay down her life for her .
tr	I	Because I had not witnessed the gradual topographic expansion , this sudden revelation was staggering , and it had changed overnight .
tr	O	The dark metal band wrapped around her wrist shook and she scraped at it , attempting to remove it .
tr	O	She watched him , hesitating , and then made to turn away .
tr	I	I took one last look at my husband before I shut my eyes and he slipped the blindfold over the crown of my head .
tr	O	She knows I 'm trying , and that makes her happy .
tr	I	She felt cool air hit her back as the fabric peeled away and he tugged .
tr	O	That 's why we 're here and we aren 't leaving without a fight !
tr	I	I couldn 't exactly share that with Beth , but I knew she was with Jared .
tr	I	I didn 't want to burden him with this on top of everything else , and he hadn 't heard what Solaris had said .
tr	I	I sighed , and Jared pressed his warm chest against me .
tr	I	I 'd invented a whole imaginary life , but other kids might have had imaginary friends .
tr	O	My fifteenth birthday was coming up and for some reason I was excited .
tr	I	His gums ached , and Moisture pooled around his tongue .
tr	I	His words only seemed to fluster her more , but he waited for her to preen .
tr	O	With only his arms protecting me , I easily could have fallen , but I knew that Levi wasn 't going to drop me .
tr	I	I started to lose my sight : and for Lorenzo was gone .
tr	I	She managed to keep a straight face , looking down her patrician nose at him , but Ryland saw her lips curve for just a moment .
tr	O	The lights weren 't as bright at the rear of the stadium , and there weren 't many people .
tr	O	A thin layer of perspiration covered her body , and it took all her strength to stop shaking .
tr	I	He winced and his knee cracked .
tr	O	It 's a good feeling , but the pressure is still on .
tr	O	He could tell she was itching to try it , but she didn 't want to ask .
tr	O	His face looked peaceful and he was the same way they had found him .
tr	O	We finished up lunch , and being the Southern gentleman he was , Jackson insisted on paying .
tr	I	His mind drifted to thoughts of what it would be like to know Mandi on a more intimate level , and it was most fascinating .
tr	O	Both were beautiful countries she 'd visited many times , but neither were places she 'd pick for a honeymoon .
tr	O	She went to sleep with brown eyes , and when she woke at dawn to the howling of wolves , her left eye was blue .
tr	O	I made to follow her , but a blinding pain went off in my head .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to change my story , but I was never a very good liar .
tr	I	It 's just so ... peaceful , and you hardly ever hear cars driving by .
tr	O	The door opens and Tobias slips in .
tr	I	Celaena kept her focus on Nox , falling so fast , so far from her outstretched hands , but Chapter 22 Wind tore at her .
tr	O	I feel terrible saying it , but he has to understand .
tr	I	We just kept digging through the things , but Rob looked at me quick .
tr	I	I shiver , and the simple touch of his hand sliding across the thin fabric of my dress is enough to set my nerves on fire .
tr	I	My heart almost stopped , and a figure came through the door .
tr	I	A solemn silence descended , and the music died down to a low background hum .
tr	I	He wished he could have a picture of that moment and she was waving as he pulled out of the driveway .
tr	I	Every minute it was getting darker and the sun was already setting .
tr	I	The smile on her face said he wasn 't in too much trouble , but Emily slapped Mark 's arm .
tr	O	He growled at her , and she made a snarling noise in return .
tr	I	Mike picked up the phone , and she dialed her home number .
tr	O	We had an awful fight in Boston and I don 't know what in hell he thinks he 's up to .
tr	I	It looked very nice and her hair was up .
tr	O	The vampire 's eyes glowed red hot , and his lips drew back in a snarl .
tr	O	The teacher walked in and we hushed our voices .
tr	O	We 'll never be free of The Program , and even when we are , who 's to say they don 't change the rules ?
tr	O	Cole started slapping the girl 's ass as he neared climax and I stopped the machine .
tr	I	No sound came out , but Dreamer opened her mouth .
tr	I	It 's nothing like Cheri 's , and it 's not a full nude .
tr	O	His eyes were saddened , but I didn 't care .
tr	O	She stared into my eyes , and I nodded .
tr	I	My heart beats harder and his eyes are panicked .
tr	O	I had failed him in lots of ways , but tonight he was frustrated with my weakness .
tr	I	I felt like I was on a roller coaster , and he threaded his fingers through mine .
tr	I	He was not going to be able to explain anything to these robots and Everything was unreal .
tr	O	A quick glance at its face sent her hand flying to her head and she let out a shout of dismay .
tr	I	He used it to his best advantage and he knew that her shifting weight meant she was distracted .
tr	O	She reached out her hand and he promptly took it , trusting her already .
tr	O	The door opened without warning , and Fat Charlie lurched inward , into the empty box room at the end of the hall .
tr	I	He doesn 't touch me but Chapter Ten Adam puts on the gloves .
tr	I	What could she do , but Trisha did not want to think that way .
tr	I	Jake came running out of the house , and Chapter Eleven Beth pulled into the driveway .
tr	O	The words came out in a rush , but the ground was very understanding .
tr	O	I don 't think Angelina is strong enough to actually cause internal bleeding but I still need Della checked out .
tr	I	He 'd only be wearing it for an hour , perhaps , but the one they had found for him bound him slightly under the armpits .
tr	O	The large LCD monitor sprang into life , and once the desktop had loaded , Angelina opened a web browser .
tr	I	Ellery took her from me and Julia started to whine .
tr	O	said Thorin , and he jumped forward to the fire , before they could leap on him .
tr	O	My feet slip , but my arms hold .
tr	I	There was a couple times we didn 't but I mean we used a condom a couple of times .
tr	I	You insisted , but I am sorry you have come so far .
tr	O	Xander 's blue eyes are bulging , and he quickly begins to scan the room .
tr	I	He felt decades older , but he was only forty-six .
tr	I	I would leave that for now , but it sounds as if you want to speak to Angela again boss .
tr	O	I manage to moan as his fingertips delve into my skin and the contact is so stimulating I almost collapse to the floor .
tr	O	Suddenly her entire face brightened and she grabbed my arm .
tr	I	Excitement glowed in his eyes , but he gave me a weak smile .
tr	I	I don 't see the cafeteria anymore , but I know that 's where I am .
tr	O	Boyle shifted his weight , angled his head , and the fist breezed by his ear .
tr	I	He 'd never give up until she did , but she wished she didn 't have to have this conversation .
tr	O	I got going , and neither of us said anything for a while .
tr	O	Miss Daly had heard from somebody and she turned up with one of the French dentists who had now become a close friend .
tr	I	It had reminded him of when he was young , carefree , and he had been having such a good day yesterday , a great hunt .
tr	O	I thought Mr. Hall might reprimand me , but he just chuckled as I stared out the window .
tr	I	It was to no avail but the ghost inhabiting my body struggled from side to side .
tr	O	Damian was impressed with the kid 's bravado , but it didn 't fool him for a moment .
tr	I	He was entertaining enough as a business partner and oh sure , his money was good enough .
tr	I	Her relationship with him had been forever ruined , and the results had been disastrous .
tr	O	It shouldn 't have mattered to him , but apparently enough of his soul was left that it did .
tr	O	His tongue touches mine , and the velvet rasp of him searching my mouth makes my knees begin to shake .
tr	I	It was ominous and she recognized her employer 's tone of voice .
tr	O	Wake Forest was smaller than Rutgers , which meant the classes were , too , and the professors in the Art History Department were passionate about teaching .
tr	I	She refused , but they offered for Daisy to join them .
tr	O	His back feet step on me slightly and his front paws are on the back of the couch as he snarls at the side yard .
tr	I	That gave Rif courage , and her voice sounded calmer this time .
tr	O	I will even spare the human 's life and her son 's .
tr	O	He had always called her his little sweetheart princess , and somehow the affectionate term meant a lot just now .
tr	I	They gave him the same thrill they always did , but the soft words came out a little breathy .
tr	O	Musical men held a certain attraction for me , and I 'd love it if he serenaded me .
tr	I	He felt the chill of the air like a sprinkle of fine mist , and the strain from winking the tube away had worn off .
tr	I	There was no shadow of him but she looked around .
tr	I	It was calling him and there was somebody 's face there .
tr	I	His breathing was a little labored and his palms were starting to sweat .
tr	I	She never used them , but Mum had bought her some recipe books .
tr	I	She noticed the long scratches across his back and she watched him as he passed .
tr	O	His eyes were watery , but the tears stopped flowing .
tr	O	I saw her , and she saw me .
tr	I	The notion set her heart beating out a rapid pulse and he sounded as if he cared what she thought of him .
tr	O	Henry was dead , and I would never hold my son again .
tr	I	I will forever be yours , despite the seasons that pass , and I am yours .
tr	I	Panic had made them clumsy , but as he 'd expected , they were frantically trying to reload .
tr	I	Many of the other structures in the city aren 't safe to live in , but this cave we are in seems stable .
tr	I	There were few things I hated more than Patrick being right , and I exhaled , knowing he was right .
tr	I	The Apple was in his hand , and there , on the parapet of a tall tower , stood Abbas .
tr	I	They were just out of reach but I could feel memories pushing into my mind .
tr	O	Fingerprints can be used to extract DNA , but as we know , getting sufficient reliable material depends on a lot of things .
tr	O	My heart kicked and my pulse pounded throughout my body .
tr	O	Milligan said something ugly to Roosevelt and he reported it to Jessie Frances .
tr	I	My estimation of her went up a notch , and she returned back to her typing with a smile of her own .
tr	O	He took one step towards me and I instantly backed away .
tr	I	His dark mood was soon replaced with a feeling of joy , and her presence , as she had promised , was with him .
tr	I	I was ok on the idea but the class awed in disapproval .
tr	O	It was easy to see that there were three horses and the women were being made to walk .
tr	O	Now they were each past their fourteenth year , and they took all of this perhaps not the same as we little ones did .
tr	O	It burned his hands and he almost dropped it .
tr	O	She expected me soon but it wasn 't her time just yet .
tr	I	That was the roar that had awakened me , but I didn 't know at the time .
tr	I	They seemed ' human ' enough , but he didn 't know what alien women were like .
tr	I	There was also more light , but there were occasional clumps of brush to avoid .
tr	I	I like him , and he likes me .
tr	I	He followed her into the narrow hall , and the door opened .
tr	O	I swear I heard him yell out something about insubordination but I didn 't stick around to listen .
tr	O	A tingling sense of dread threaded its way up his spine , but for the life of him , he didn 't know why .
tr	O	She thought it a stupid question , but it was the missing part to their story .
tr	O	He slipped on a pool of blood , and the partition rattled as he struck it .
tr	O	We were the same person , but separated through time .
tr	I	He answered it and his phone rang .
tr	O	Instantly the clamps released my feet and I was free .
tr	I	I stared at her and my mouth dropped open .
tr	I	I wanted to find out , and I wondered if the rest of her skin was as soft .
tr	O	I was being a guy and she was there .
tr	O	He was not good at greetings , and he certainly couldn 't handle farewells .
tr	O	America wasn 't happy and with the government only interested in bailing out big business , the whole U.S. population was in a foul mood .
tr	O	People did stupid shit every day , and Layton had already demonstrated he wasn 't the most logical person in the galaxy .
tr	I	I have no idea of what to do and my rational thoughts are being overtaken by emotions .
tr	I	We leave without a backward glance and Nash leads me to the door .
tr	O	It wasn 't enough that she was an indentured servant to Maureen , but she 'd borrowed money too .
tr	O	Her lips moved , but no sound came out .
tr	O	It couldn 't be seen from the air and anyone approaching by water would be instantly discovered by our private army of bodyguards .
tr	O	41 Altair paid a visit to the church and his heart sank at the sight of the unrest .
tr	O	Her breath fogged the glass in front of her , and she swiped it away quickly with a fist .
tr	O	Logic told him that she had also recognized Smythe 's hands , but his jealousy blinded him to that fact .
tr	O	Living , breathing proof of a crime would finally give the White House some immediate bargaining power , and Hale would surely then be in a panic .
tr	I	This one was different , but there are often screams in this place .
tr	I	There were two things he 'd figured out about her already , but he might not know her well .
tr	I	Someone always suffers and someone always benefits .
tr	O	The Métis have taken Fort Douglas , as I said , but I don 't believe they will continue to be violent .
tr	O	My first reaction was that one of the inmates had escaped , and the entire joint was on lock-down , like in a prison .
tr	O	He couldn 't even see a faint flickering light , but her warmth increased to the point of true heat .
tr	O	Garrett raised an eyebrow in Micah 's direction , but she just shook her head .
tr	I	She enjoyed the attention , but it was very strange .
tr	O	Almost immediately the door opened and Ben slipped out .
tr	I	He ignored the ache but his legs had grown weary hours ago .
tr	I	They 're acting like my high school pom squad , and these are ancient faeries , for Pete 's sake .
tr	I	They were able to move without leaving tracks , and this ground was more solid , worn down to rocks .
tr	O	She didn 't know the man well , but she had a certain instinct about people that was seldom wrong .
tr	O	She sounded surprised Stacy would even suggest it , but then she didn 't know Stacy 's past .
tr	O	She 'd gotten him clean clothes , but they were already soaked with sweat .
tr	I	My life would be ruined or I have to go back .
tr	O	We gave them the assurance we would put their technology to better use , and they gave us a different instruction manual .
tr	O	He has never been on our planet before and he cannot behave like a man of breeding , like a courtier .
tr	O	I was surrounded by hunters and I was willingly heading toward the last place any vampire should be .
tr	I	There are a few constants , but Humanity changes all the time .
tr	I	Michael pulled up a cleverly camouflaged trap door , but at first it seemed impossibly narrow for either of them to enter .
tr	O	She looked for the year but it wasn 't obvious .
tr	O	I started to call her back but Buck put out a hand to stop me .
tr	I	The pain had begun to subside , but Hanna 's eyes were still squeezed closed .
tr	I	He knew for a fact that she 'd had to put down several herself and she 'd been raised around cattle .
tr	O	He wasn 't answering his phone and he hadn 't come by since their date .
tr	O	Eddie heads across the street to Lake 's house and Gavin walks inside , tapping his knuckles against the front door .
tr	O	Steven didn 't think that sounded right , but he accepted it anyway .
tr	I	Steve shrieked , clutching his ruined fingers and the knife span into the dark shadows .
tr	I	It was getting increasingly hard but I knew I just had to wait until tomorrow .
tr	O	Amelia found her mother irritating , but she knew better than to address her in such a manner .
tr	O	She had a retort but it died after a syllable .
tr	O	Well , he was sweaty , but the scent wasn 't bad .
tr	I	Bobby set it up and we got everything back .
tr	I	The two looked at each other confused , unable to come to a comprehension and he tried speaking back to the man .
tr	O	An Army truck was parked nearby , but we were too far to jump .
tr	O	Across the street from them rose the mammoth Palace Hotel , and its rows of bay windows glowed golden in the afternoon sun .
tr	I	They were impressive with long , lean fingers that a surgeon would envy and she could only see the muscular forearms .
tr	I	The cat sniffed him , and he bent to pick up Martha .
tr	O	I will not waste time thinking of my husband , and yet , I feel some guilt at my actions .
tr	I	As I do he pulls me to him , his free hand gripping my waist , and I rock back , wanting to take more of him .
tr	O	Mucus was being spewed out of his mouth , and I was directing his head like a missile launcher at the guys who were standing nearby .
tr	O	His hands were still pink from the burns , and his ruined voice would never be much better .
tr	O	Becca has been involved with theater productions all her life , but this is her first devised piece .
tr	I	Then I told her why , and I told her that I was glad Christmas was over .
tr	I	It held him fast , and it was like he was a decoration on top of a cake , mushed into the icing .
tr	O	Even the television has been tipped over and the back ripped off it .
tr	I	She was not that fussed on them and creatures of the night were not her speciality .
tr	O	She started to say she didn 't want to watch a movie , but he was already turning away , going into the living room .
tr	O	He might have been handsome , but the effect was still creepy .
tr	O	They walked to the building what had huge height , and it was even taller than what they went up in New York in tha .
tr	I	Raven might not believe her until he heard it from his own master which is impossible and it was hard to explain .
tr	I	I wrap my arms around his neck , and my mouth finds his .
tr	O	Aye , and you dreamed of dragons hatching from stone eggs .
tr	I	She bumped into the laptop and the envelope with the photos dropped to the floor unnoticed .
tr	I	Any skin left exposed quickly turned red and the sun was fierce .
tr	O	The shrieks died off more quickly than I would have thought , and I did my best to keep moving in a straight line .
tr	O	It wasn 't as loud as I thought it would be , and it definitely did not destroy everything .
tr	O	Another limo pulled up and Dominic leapt out of it , rushing toward little Judy .
tr	I	The food is terrible and no mattress , no pillow , my back is sore .
tr	O	his father asked , and I wondered if he 'd been this way in real life .
tr	I	I finally had one , And eris thought ?
tr	O	I bite my tongue and we continue in silence .
tr	O	I know how to stay ahead of the authorities , and I have contacts on most of the merc worlds .
tr	O	Her fingers fluttered in the air and he chuckled .
tr	O	I could feel eyes on me and I didn 't like that feeling .
tr	I	She was extremely grateful for that , and he still wanted her to manage the inn , despite her heritage .
tr	I	Her anger began to seep away , and the hostel seemed deserted as she stalked through the rooms .
tr	O	She was the one who had suffered the greatest loss , and yet no one seemed interested in how she was feeling .
tr	I	I continue to stare at the ground , too scared to even breathe and Holder tightens his grip around me .
tr	O	Until I didn 't know where I stopped and he began .
tr	O	You have lost your compass , and you perpetuate your own ignorance .
tr	I	It will not stay in his mind , but he tries to be angry with her .
tr	I	They both ordered lunch , and Victoria accepted water instead of beer .
tr	I	She focused on what was important , but the rogue 's insinuation struck a punch to Della 's nerves .
tr	I	It made me realize something I should 've seen before , and I wasn 't expecting Mrs. Jenkins to be so forthcoming .
tr	O	She was a little leery , but Paris wasn 't worried .
tr	I	I wanted to squirm , and he studied my face .
tr	I	She supported two other attorneys full time , and she tracked three phone lines for my father .
tr	I	Aaron snorted , but Nicky beamed .
tr	O	Her lips curled upward and her eyes flickered with disdain .
tr	I	She hoped dearly that they 'd accept the offer , but they hadn 't answered by the time she left .
tr	O	She 'd kept her secret from him and he realized now he 'd kept his .
tr	I	I was not really sure why , as my head was still full of too many uncertainties , but I could feel myself smiling .
tr	O	Max knew my parents would be out to get him , and he 's called them on it by showing up tonight .
tr	I	I 'm sobbing too hard and my arms are too weak .
tr	O	He was still looking politely at a shelf of books , but we had an excellent view of his very muscular backside .
tr	O	The time was roughly noon , Central Standard Time , and the day was roughly hot .
tr	I	He groaned and I giggled .
tr	I	He already asked her for help and Leonard was visibly interested in her .
tr	O	It was only a small smile , but it caught my attention in more places than one .
tr	O	I may not have wanted to get involved with Levi , but I didn 't want him thinking I was a spoiled rich girl .
tr	O	It would be wonderful , but come Monday , it would make it just that much more difficult to handle .
tr	I	This royal bitch is paired with her and Julienne has a project due too .
tr	O	In other circumstances , I would have asked her out in a minute , but there were certain things holding me back .
tr	O	The smoke was clearing and Mitch was breathing easier .
tr	I	Again an aperture opened , admitting them into the first cave and once again they reached what appeared to be the blank wall in the underwater cliff .
tr	O	Not exactly the aroma I would have picked if I 'd been giving myself flowers , but I appreciated the gesture .
tr	I	Paintball shots were fired , and the battle officially began .
tr	I	He did not move from his position , but his eyes no longer roamed her body .
tr	O	The fiery projectiles missed the boat , and Cole landed neatly inside .
tr	I	All she wanted to do was get him out of it , and Everything just fit him as if it had been made for his body .
tr	I	No sound came out but I tried to ask a question .
tr	O	Two guards are stationed outside each doorway and one is in the kitchen itself watching her .
tr	I	It gave off an impression of extreme age and its workmanship was definitely not of Inuit origin .
tr	I	The souls had died here , and Aden had been born here .
tr	O	Trent didn 't like the sound of that , but there was no turning back now .
tr	I	It was close enough , but it wasn 't exactly true .
tr	I	I 'm sure he got the point , but for the record , I was pretty sure he didn 't know the word hell .
tr	O	He closed his eyes , and the tension lines faded from between them .
tr	I	She could not reach Houston , but Ross took the opportunity to try to transmit on the computer , continuously brushing ash from the video screen .
tr	I	They 'd said no , but I 'd begged them to add one when I turned thirteen .
tr	O	Over the past six years the women had become good friends and Barry Stevens ' Nashville based hedge fund was a substantial account .
tr	O	He grunted and she felt him stiffen .
tr	O	We hadn 't won a contest , but we acted as if we had .
tr	O	Cabrillo appeared annoyed with the two being unable to understand each other and he thrust the native aside , stepping forward to take over negotiations .
tr	O	Dad glares at him , but he doesn 't move his hand from mine .
tr	I	I was diverted , but I would have said something in a low voice to Sylvia .
tr	I	I had also been eating like a pig , but I knew that my pants were fitting tighter .
tr	O	After a minute I can 't take it anymore and I ram my shoulder into the door .
tr	I	I saw her lie back down and she laughed .
tr	I	I look toward it , and my phone dings again .
tr	I	One included hanging the school 's American flag upside down on its pole , and several occurred on campus .
tr	I	Madison had trouble fighting an appreciative smile , but at her first sight of him , Brianna 's expression darkened .
tr	I	A shower improved things further , and I felt a lot better when I got up .
tr	O	Action was necessary but they all stalled .
tr	O	I know you don 't always welcome my help , hell , anyone 's help , but I 'm in for the long haul .
tr	O	Savannah says breaking out into a grin and it clicks I have been played .
tr	O	His eyes were open , and his gaze caressed my body .
tr	O	Henry tried to be as delicate as possible , but he felt as though he was getting somewhere .
tr	I	The truck continued on its way , and Brooke rolled up her window .
tr	O	Joe was doing okay , but he was conserving energy .
tr	I	I no longer wanted to kill her , but I didn 't understand what I felt for her .
tr	I	I felt my shoulders slump , and a pair of handcuffs appeared .
tr	O	Joanna stifled another giggle , and Michael looked , confused , between us .
tr	I	A few rabbits added to their travel rations and at the first night 's camp their dinner consisted of game birds .
tr	O	I wouldn 't let my father hurt her , but if she made this easy , I wouldn 't have to step in either .
tr	O	We brought them here without disclosing our location and we can return them the same way .
tr	I	Asher frowned at me , and my voice was drier than I intended .
tr	O	He went for a coke with us , and we told him all about our game .
tr	I	He wouldn 't stand for it , and Thane despised public displays like this .
tr	I	It 's bad and this is big .
tr	I	Catherine made a strangled sound , and she gestured with the knife .
tr	I	It was not what he was all about , and he just wasn 't prone to flirtation .
tr	O	She didn 't trust Dustin , that was a given , but she wanted -- no , she needed , to be at Chelsea 's funeral .
tr	O	asked Bruce , and she shook her head .
tr	I	I could hear her breaths coming fast , and she stopped at the water 's edge .
tr	O	Tried really hard to keep him here , but over the last couple of years it got pretty clear to everyone .
tr	O	His body was relaxed , but concern radiated in his gaze .
tr	I	She wondered why and a flash of surprise lit his eyes .
tr	I	Then I realized the gift he 'd handed me , but I almost rolled my eyes .
tr	O	The pink building with the lavender trim was the talk of the town , and that wasn 't surprising .
tr	O	Jeff climbed behind the steering wheel , and she got on next to him .
tr	O	Mikhail 's voice appeared calm , serene even , yet he looked capable of murder .
tr	O	He 's from Yuma , and you 're downplaying .
tr	I	He was too upset to let me look at it , but there was a nasty looking scrape along his head .
tr	O	You saw that there was a job to be done and you did what was needed .
tr	I	She looked wired and she looked resigned .
tr	O	I knew everyone would be worried , but I was taking precautions .
tr	O	I could hear James talking quietly on the phone or I would have turned on some music to relax .
tr	I	Colton walked down the hill toward him and he held up a hand in greeting .
tr	O	Her heart started pounding and she subconsciously started biting her bottom lip .
tr	I	For a split second , she forgot to breath and the dimple at the side of his mouth winked .
tr	I	They were restrained at his side , but James tried to move his arms .
tr	I	You can meet lots of people and the university has a great atmosphere .
tr	I	Now her victory tasted hollow , and here was the man responsible for her mate 's death , at her feet .
tr	O	I felt the connection to the Underworld waver , but he was just barely able to keep hold .
tr	O	His lips were drawn back from his teeth in fury , and the lounging grace of his body was gathered into a predator 's crouch .
tr	O	You guys obviously have a connection and now you have this child together .
tr	O	His mother used to live there when she was in town , but he wasn 't on speaking terms with her at the moment .
tr	O	It was really yucky cleaning up the kitchen and it took forever .
tr	O	He wears a flowing white robe , and he makes a single gesture , a sweep of his graceful hand .
tr	O	Auron landed and his sword plunged into the roof .
tr	I	He smiled and I nodded .
tr	I	His face is looking outward , away , but his body is angled towards the door .
tr	I	I appreciate you did what you had to to survive , and to be honest , I appreciate you 've had a different upbringing to mine .
tr	O	She was saying something to him , but he still could not hear properly .
tr	O	I did everything I could to contain the exposure and as a result , I almost died .
tr	O	His logic was good , but he knew Tim was probably right .
tr	O	The demon blade struck , but he felt no pain .
tr	O	I can say honestly that I only have four friends , and two of them are getting married today .
tr	O	He was her creation , and her instinct urged her to protect him .
tr	O	It was my anxiety , and I needed to take responsibility for how I dealt with it .
tr	I	My gut tells me something 's definitely off , but none of them raised an alarm anywhere else .
tr	I	It would allow her not to dwell on what had flared between them on the ferry , and her body desperately needed sleep .
tr	O	His mouth drops open the tiniest bit and I feel my heart speed up .
tr	I	That infuriating smile curved her soft mouth , and Savannah straightened .
tr	O	The sky was white overhead , and the wind had died down .
tr	O	It was still dark , and they were snoring loudly .
tr	I	Though it meant he had company , she didn 't feel like coming back later , and another car was parked behind it .
tr	I	He was reluctant to leave , but frustrated that he 'd come up empty , Myles let Allen go on about his business .
tr	I	No crime had been committed , and Sole Pleasure was their horse .
tr	I	There was blood coming from her mouth and I looked down at the building inspector .
tr	I	My thin cotton uniform was failing to shield me from the chill and the weather was getting colder .
tr	I	Hand was squeezing the handle nervously , but arm with the revolver was lowered .
tr	O	He leaned in close to Julie 's ear , and she could feel his breath against her .
tr	O	It helps us with our investigation , but it 's not admissible in a court .
tr	O	It was a long walk and she had plenty of time to worry about his proposition from the night before .
tr	I	She stands abruptly and her hands start fidgeting .
tr	I	I was determined to get over whatever he was keeping from telling me , but it was going to be difficult .
tr	I	I know what she means , but he 's at the theater every day with me .
tr	I	Cade grabbed hold of it before it slammed closed but the weight of my body caused it to fling open .
tr	I	The women wore black lipstick , and they even wore black nail polish .
tr	I	She finally calmed down after time and he was very kind to her .
tr	O	Then the paralysis passed , and he was breathing again .
tr	I	I pressed my finger against my lips once more , pleading with the old man with my eyes and the voice was louder now .
tr	I	Jax groaned in pure pleasure , and each vertebra felt as if it released in turn .
tr	I	She still had friends in the business , but we got kicked out of our apartment .
tr	I	I was just the first stop , and he planned to live somewhere else .
tr	I	God had I missed it , but I 'd avoided all of the rough stuff since she 'd been injured .
tr	O	I looked out the window , but his car was already gone .
tr	O	I had a bad feeling about this after we talked , and I had to check .
tr	I	Something rolled away from his hand and he went down .
tr	O	I tried telling him I wouldn 't , but he saw the gun in my hand .
tr	O	I like her and I love her .
tr	I	He 'd given everything he had to them and nearly seventy-five thousand people had been in the audience tonight .
tr	I	When he was satisfied , he took his seat next to Theresa , and he waited about a minute , making sure the anchor would hold .
tr	O	She accepted it as part of her culture , and it wasn 't a big deal .
tr	O	Pen 's face pales , and I 've never seen her look so sick .
tr	I	She hadn 't reached for him yet , but she didn 't try to pull away .
tr	O	Howling wind starts , and I have a bad feeling about what is coming my way .
tr	I	Dark , glassy eyes struggled to focus on him , and eyelashes crusted together with specks of blood broke apart .
tr	I	All fled into the darkness and a panic spread among them .
tr	O	Yes , it hurt me to hear , but the fact that he 'd told me was more important .
tr	O	That was another thing he hadn 't known about her and he liked it .
tr	I	It chafed to be forbidden , but I didn 't really want to spend time with him anyway .
tr	I	I pushed it away , but I could feel Megan 's worried gaze .
tr	I	Hearing him admit it rekindled the steam of their raw goodbye , but of course he did .
tr	O	Cooper headed out of the bathroom and she heard a door slam .
tr	I	It quickly faded , but I laughed .
tr	O	I love her dearly , but I do know her .
tr	I	I had the distinct impression he didn 't care if it had hurt , but he asked .
tr	I	She kissed his cheek , and Levi approached his mother .
tr	I	He still felt the same , hot but it might have been true in theory !
tr	O	Rick 's head began throbbing and he needed another pill .
tr	I	Then you guys stack ' em up , and I 'll draw the outline for where to put the stones .
tr	I	Nothing would be ever again , and nothing was the same anymore .
tr	O	He was trying to scare me , but I stood my ground , determined to prove my case .
tr	I	I can 't figure out a way around it and it 's not the most settling feeling .
tr	I	It was all he could do to hop clear of the striking serpent , and the snake attacked .
tr	I	It would get colder as the night wore on , but we could do without a fire .
tr	I	He didn 't think he could do it , but he said he would kill all of them if he could .
tr	O	We don 't need any more damn drama and I wanted to avoid it at all cost .
tr	O	She brushed the tears from my face , and for a moment I thought she was going to cry , too .
tr	O	Night falls and we keep on running .
tr	I	Ty 's voice stopped him , but he pulled the phone away .
tr	I	He wasn 't there either , but she went to Mark 's house .
tr	I	Evenings are the time for talk , and it 's just that I like to talk .
tr	I	I 'd gotten a taste of what life might be like a few years down the road , but it 'd been longer than I 'd planned .
tr	I	He is sorry and your father overreacted .
tr	I	Cassidy went for one of the wolves , and Shane hit the bear that held Xavier .
tr	O	A moment passed as Dennis waited for his own phone to ring , and he answered it immediately when it did .
tr	O	Except she wasn 't a fair goddess spread and waiting for his pleasure .
tr	I	He returned to his own form , and I gestured at the knight I 'd just converted into ambulatory bacon .
tr	O	She had a bit of color in her normally pale cheeks , and she was sipping something out of a Styrofoam cup .
tr	O	Gar 's face reddened , but he mumbled .
tr	O	His comrades warned that the White Army was within miles of Yekaterinburg , but he assured them no White would want to meet up with him .
tr	I	I raised him back to standing height , and he offered my faded cloth towards me .
tr	O	It rains from time to time , and the rain water collects in pools .
tr	O	Carol had said she wanted to have a baby , and she knew how he felt about the subject .
tr	I	I was amazed , and he left me .
tr	O	I 'd broken into someone 's boat and now I was hovering over a corpse .
tr	I	The wildness faded from his eyes , and his claws turned back into regular nails .
tr	I	I won 't get any sleep , or I better not think about her .
tr	I	We only meet on Saturdays , and we keep this a secret .
tr	I	We got out and Dad parked the car .
tr	O	The tall , lighted buildings of downtown sat to my east and the quiet suburban neighborhoods were located to my west .
tr	O	He stumbled to his knees and his eyes lost all focus before he fell onto his back .
tr	I	I felt my chest ease up , and she kissed me back , pressing closer .
tr	O	He would laugh out loud at times and the sound of it made me smile .
tr	O	Not one of them had the audacity to make a comment but they all smirked at him .
tr	O	She fell silent , and Mitchell said nothing more because he was listening for a particular sound .
tr	O	Jude was not dummy , but his grades reflected otherwise .
tr	O	He hated to leave her at risk for even a minute , but he had no guarantee she was coming right back .
tr	O	Constanza slammed on the brakes , and the Mercedes stopped with inches to spare .
tr	O	I knew they were all staring , but I 'm used to that .
tr	I	He noticed Mariana 's father amongst them and three guards took positions outside this cell .
tr	I	The rest of her was frozen stiff , but the tips of Haven 's fingers twitched .
tr	I	He knew why , and she was flummoxed .
tr	O	The room actually functioned not just as a kitchen , but it also was the living quarters for the crew .
tr	I	He 's not going to start now , and he hasn 't lied to her before .
tr	O	She caught more movement at the other RV , and the big shadow could only belong to Ox .
tr	O	Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam was just as busy as Gatwick had been , but Thomas had less patience for it .
tr	O	It 's half full of dust and it 's still 2,000 steps deep .
tr	O	The driver 's door opened slowly and a woman emerged .
tr	I	She cried out as he hit a spot that sent arcs of pleasure shooting through her , and his fingers tunneled through her folds .
tr	I	The frisson sank even lower , and his gaze ran over her .
tr	O	I knew he was teasing , and I chose to ignore it .
tr	O	She 'd already been kicked out of the pirate web , and she would definitely be kicked out of the Academy for killing her intern .
tr	O	His left leg was broken , and his right cheek was pale white , in contrast with his brunet complexion .
tr	I	He kept coming at me and I shot him three times !
tr	O	She raised her brows , and Josh could see her searching her memory with no luck .
tr	I	Now my sister is ready , and it 's the only way I know .
tr	O	A foot brushed the bottom , and she knew up from down .
tr	O	My stomach clenched , and I clutched the phone in my suddenly sweaty fist .
tr	I	He decided to terminate the call , relieved that the decision had been made for him and it rang four times .
tr	O	My legs have gone stiff and I am oddly frozen to the spot .
tr	O	Reuben felt like a bad schoolboy , but he didn 't know the reason himself why he 'd gone .
tr	O	It was a lovely summer 's evening and she wanted to look nice .
tr	O	I wasn 't at all concerned about the facts that my favorite jeans were now really big and my best friends were still pretty hostile .
tr	O	She 'd fought so hard to keep it her own secret and she didn 't want anyone to know , not until she 'd found her brother .
tr	O	Dad looked down at his menu again , to avoid emotion , and I glanced at mine for the first real time .
tr	O	This was excruciating , and he howled again .
tr	O	Our eyes met , and suddenly I was very glad I 'd already set down my coffee .
tr	O	It seemed to always be in her way , but she didn 't know what else to do .
tr	O	The rumble of thunder became almost continuous , and the crack of lightning followed right after .
tr	O	A little time passed and she didn 't reappear .
tr	I	Now I was leaving and Nash was ignoring him .
tr	I	They faded into the mist , and the swirling haze of magic swelled at their feet .
tr	I	I value my freedom and I travel quite a bit .
tr	I	The rest of us could trip over it and Ben insisted on putting the scratching post in the hall , where George would have immediate access .
tr	I	He seemed to do it willingly , surrendering the battle , and Nolan complied .
tr	I	I 'm letting him win , and I am weak .
tr	I	I think Renee can convince him that Eva is helping Laurel and he trusts Jeff .
tr	I	There 's no time for therapy , and we have miles to go before we sleep .
tr	O	I thought of Scar , and guilt rose in my stomach .
tr	O	I could go through the window , but the broken glass might cut me .
tr	O	There was a grating sound , and one of the glass panes of the roof raised itself .
tr	I	I really don 't care what they taste like , but her lips taste like salt water .
tr	I	His mouth thinned and his brow puckered .
tr	O	Raina knew Charlotte was probably right and she 'd packed a separate sandwich for him just in case .
tr	O	Her short blond hair hangs just above her shoulders and her calm pale face is completely free of blemishes .
tr	I	Her reaction told him something about it scared her , but he knew scientists could be tetchy about their investigations .
tr	O	She watched Mary 's face while pretending to be making the tea and she saw her blush .
tr	O	I 've been trying for the last hour , but the connection is too fuzzy .
tr	O	I didn 't get sick , maybe because my body couldn 't muster the effort , but I couldn 't stop my screams from filling the room .
tr	I	The impression was gone , and I blinked a couple of times .
tr	I	Then the heavy gate swung open , and hinges groaned .
tr	O	I work a job that allows me to network during the day , and hopefully I 'll make connections that will lead to a solution .
tr	I	It may as well have a spotlight on it , but she tried to cover it with makeup .
tr	O	The spell continued , and the succubus began to shriek , clutching at its head .
tr	I	Her face is covered in blood and she can 't feel her legs .
tr	I	Something didn 't register , but I listened .
tr	I	Yet she felt his touch every time he looked at her and he 'd never even touched her .
tr	O	I wasn 't in dire straits yet , but it would have to be dealt with .
tr	O	I don 't know how , but it is true .
tr	I	I specialize in lawsuits involving defective drugs , and I 'm an attorney here in D.C. .
tr	O	It took practically all my courage to meet her gaze , but I forced myself to do it .
tr	I	He was sure the commanders had a good reason but Mac would admit that it sounded strange that the military wouldn 't let certain soldiers go home .
tr	O	Supposedly , he 's dropped out , but we have an address on him .
tr	O	We tie our horses up here and I suggest Claude be set to guard them .
tr	O	She could understand both of their sides , and that made things a helluva lot tougher than if she could have just labeled this Kim a bitch .
tr	I	Even though I knew my life was going to change , I was not ready to accept it , and it was a sign of the times .
tr	I	I felt the moment clarity hit him and Understanding lit my father 's gray eyes .
tr	I	She was unable to , but she tried to scream .
tr	I	Yet she didn 't know what the right one would be and she didn 't want to leave him with the wrong impression .
tr	I	When they do , they kill , and they seize the moment .
tr	O	Three knocks on the door and I know it 's Mom .
tr	O	Josephine struggled to take control of her body but she was being held a short distance away .
tr	O	She kept a scrapbook describing every celeb interaction she 'd ever had , and glossy signed head shots lined the wall space in the breakfast nook .
tr	O	There were long , dark shadows at the back door , and the scratching noise had grown louder .
tr	I	He held out the pad for me to check it , and I spelled my name for him .
tr	O	His cell rang and he glanced down .
tr	I	He couldn 't believe someone hadn 't snatched it up and sitting on ten acres , it was a true find .
tr	O	I saw Jack 's jaw tense and I knew the answer before he even spoke .
tr	O	He had forced her within , and she had almost lost her barrier to her mind .
tr	I	It was not the man who had called the night before to wish her a loving goodnight , but Jake was on the phone .
tr	I	Altair regarded him for a moment , seeing him shrink a little under his gaze , and the leader smirked as he walked in .
tr	O	She felt the brush of a hand against her arm , and warm breath stirred her hair .
tr	O	She smiled , and her eyes fairly danced with excitement .
tr	I	He wasn 't coming , but she whimpered for Myles .
tr	I	She smiles at him but her face is unsure .
tr	O	She wanted to tell him that Perry would be all right , but she couldn 't .
tr	O	I thought about throwing my teacup at him for reminding me that I had to work the following day , but I didn 't .
tr	I	He held out his hand for mine , and we reached Edward then .
tr	O	Elizabeth Smart was found after nine months and Jaycee Dugard survived hell for 18 years .
tr	I	Some even have spotlights placed around the trunks giving the tree a glowing look and some trees are wrapped in white lights .
tr	O	Without all the warriors the feast was much less rowdy and the two remaining warriors had chosen to do a patrol .
tr	I	In turn , they held him in the highest respect , and Jake looked after his community .
tr	I	He could adapt well , and he was an intelligent man .
tr	O	Eleanor at a loose end is a disaster waiting to happen , but for the rest of today she was somebody else 's disaster .
tr	O	It 's because the world is changing , and I need to be part of it .
tr	O	I have no idea what they mean and I couldn 't care less .
tr	O	It 's not my kind of thing , but there 's something infectious about their energy .
tr	O	She supposed they were just as muscular , but there was something different about Jack .
tr	O	Tonight he would come and I would talk to him .
tr	I	Maybe we can work out a deal , but I 'm sure he killed the diplomats .
tr	O	Xavier releases me quickly and I step away from him rolling my eyes .
tr	O	Unbearable need was heating my core like a furnace and only he could put out my flames .
tr	I	It was obvious the man wasn 't concerned , but Tony looked at Brielle with a raised eyebrow .
tr	I	I blinked away a quick tear and my breath caught .
tr	O	The lady stuck her head out the door and she had a contemplative look on her face .
tr	O	She 'd had severe swelling in her brain and they 'd had to operate , drilling bur holes into her skull .
tr	O	At first she resisted and then , gradually , he felt her resolve weaken as she leaned against him .
tr	I	You never know when they 'll go berserk , and crazies tend not to pay .
tr	O	Ray loved doing research on the Internet but he didn 't like the idea of using it as a communications device .
tr	O	He would have to find someplace to hide , but first he needed to feed .
tr	I	Our terminal patients have exhausted all approved experimental treatments and our patients are all considered beyond conventional psychiatric treatment .
tr	O	I wasn 't quite sure what I had been expecting , but it wasn 't that .
tr	I	Pain exploded once again in my shoulder as I landed on my back , and we fell through nothing .
tr	I	She answered as Phyllis once again , and the display showed a number she vaguely recognized .
tr	I	Hadley had been the one that pointed it out the first time , and she never got hit on in public .
tr	I	Suddenly she could see the newspaper on the big screen , and it made a loud noise as it loaded the machine .
tr	O	Joe was in a pretty good mood , and he hit that bottle hard that evening .
tr	O	I stick my head in door after door , but there 's no sign of the haggard witch .
tr	I	The audience remained quiet , but I wondered if a mini riot would occur at this observation .
tr	I	Strung out on crystal meth and they 're addicted to .
tr	I	She wanted badly to be back at the cabin , and a feeling of dread almost overwhelmed her .
tr	O	I can use both sides , and if it comes down to it , I can re-use them by scratching out the old question .
tr	O	The reading glasses slid a little further down her nose , and she silently cursed as she jammed them back into place .
tr	I	He knew , deep in his bones , that nothing could save the females now , but he remained silent .
tr	O	I 'd berate Rob but his attention is elsewhere .
tr	O	We took the journey in easy stages , and it was nice to journey with my family .
tr	O	This seemed surreal in the beginning but it seems more real than any other part of life .
tr	I	It was just below her breast , but it was resting on her side .
tr	O	It lasted longer than he might have expected and he grew a little uncomfortable .
tr	O	She couldn 't imagine why Paris would be calling her , but she wanted to find out .
tr	O	His voice was terse and she gripped the receiver .
tr	O	They 'd never had any trouble , but they weren 't exactly friends .
tr	I	As she looked around , she realized everything was different , and she knew she had never been to this place before .
tr	I	Like before , the grenade didn 't actually hurt any of us , but I hit the ground in a roll .
tr	O	They couldn 't get back in , but it reinforced the idea that nobody had left that way .
tr	O	I 'd better give him some good news about his performance after this or it 'll be like this every time .
tr	I	I 'm not hungry , but it 's early afternoon .
tr	O	I have plenty of staff to cover , but I 'm going to miss that kid .
tr	I	We know how to move through the woods unseen when we want to , but they came close to being spotted a few times .
tr	O	His color was back and his eyes were free of the terrifying opaqueness of pain .
tr	O	At first she thought he was still delirious , but his gaze seemed clearer now .
tr	O	Reyes was on his feet a moment later and the two strode out of the room , side by side .
tr	O	I jerked away , repelled by his touch and the merciless look in his eyes .
tr	O	She struggled to inhale , but it hurt too much .
tr	O	She needed to get control of herself around him , or this was going to be a very long , very tortuous night .
tr	I	Clear thinking wasn 't their strong point , but they might be lovely to look at .
tr	I	A couple of wet teardrops splashed in my palm , and I looked helplessly at the hair in my hand .
tr	O	I asked her why she was late but she blanked me .
tr	O	There was movement down the hallway and Zarah looked up .
tr	O	As greetings went , it was rough , but the woman 's face lit with enthusiasm .
tr	I	He just about ground his teeth in fury when she rejected his hand but it was an automatic gesture .
tr	O	She wipes her eyes and they hug again .
tr	O	The mouse clicked into action and Stuart leant forward to read directly from the screen .
tr	I	Jason was probably thinking they 'd know he was okay and Work could get so tedious .
tr	I	Again , she relents , but Cami eyes me suspiciously .
tr	I	She didn 't even bother to come to the hospital , and Brand could 've died in surgery for all his mother knew .
tr	I	I don 't have any communicable diseases , and I 've never done drugs .
tr	I	His free time was his own , but oh , he had added chores .
tr	I	She shook her head , and Biddy glanced at him with confusion , then understanding crossed her face .
tr	I	Maybe it was the will of the Gods or maybe it was just the way things were .
tr	O	He didn 't love me , but he loved having me around .
tr	I	Taking care of her mother had become her primary focus , but Cheyenne had often thought about getting a pet now that she was older .
tr	I	They did blame humanity for their pain , and if they truly remembered everything their people had suffered over the years , then I was right .
tr	I	Our eyes were locked , and neither of us moved .
tr	O	He will not always be alone , necessarily , but he will quite likely die alone .
tr	I	The couple will marry after a whirlwind courtship , and they 'll introduce them two years from now .
tr	I	Then there were the skis , but the clothes were bad enough .
tr	O	Her eyes met his again , and there was so much love in them he was humbled .
tr	I	Her jaw is hanging open and Lila 's eyes are magnified .
tr	O	I 'll have him forever and he 'll have me .
tr	I	He gasped for breath , and his head broke the surface .
tr	I	I blurt them out and a few things stick .
tr	I	Michael was right , but she hated to admit it .
tr	O	You can fix all this but I just need the truth .
tr	O	The palm trees that had given this land its name were unnaturally big , but that hadn 't saved them from the cold .
tr	I	It 's bleeding from past injuries and my heart is right there on my sleeve .
tr	O	You take great joy in those things , and you should never be ashamed of that .
tr	O	She reached out to thumb a bit of paper sticking out of the book and Wallis made to pull it from the pages .
tr	O	It was as when a great wave overtakes you while you are bathing , but this time it was an earth wave .
tr	O	I do know they need food , and no one 's ever come back .
tr	I	She felt her whole body tighten with fear , and his calloused hands were running along her arms .
tr	O	Covenant Street only existed in our memories , and I found myself turning a blind eye to the still cover of clouds above .
tr	O	He moved his head and his eyes slowly began to open .
tr	I	Before he could stop himself , he kissed her there , his firm lips warm against her skin , and his lips were against her forehead .
tr	I	Randy is tending to the few remaining visitors , but my mother is still nowhere to be found .
tr	O	He looked a little startled at my abrupt approach , but that was just too bad .
tr	O	About ten feet out his head popped out of the water and he took out his mouthpiece .
tr	I	If she wasn 't careful she would pass out , and already her heart was pounding erratically .
tr	O	Chandler didn 't respond and he didn 't relax at those words .
tr	I	Jack wasn 't certain she really meant it , but she had said that she believed them dead .
tr	O	Sometimes my thoughts wander back to my twelfth birthday and my head fills with what-ifs .
tr	O	The batteries heated up , and Jake waved everyone back .
tr	O	Someone screamed and it might have been any one of us .
tr	I	I knew he would likely say something next about how Brody wasn 't good enough for his daughter , and Dad looked like he swallowed something sour .
tr	I	We had a meeting planned inside , and my friend Connor is the cook here .
tr	I	He nodded and Mrs. Greenleaf asked .
tr	I	They took no solace in it , but the Twelve shuddered at his bravery .
tr	O	They live alone since their mom died and their dad left .
tr	I	He rolled down his window and I walked up to the driver 's side of the car .
tr	O	Willow swore she felt invisible eyes all over her , but every time she looked around , there was nothing .
tr	I	He crushes us against the side of the building and I pull him against me .
tr	O	I had reservations about her sanity before that and her choice only served to confirm those doubts .
tr	I	The only light in the abandoned warehouse came from her lantern , and it was completely dark outside .
tr	O	Seth offers me a sympathetic smile , but there 's pity in his eyes .
tr	I	She didn 't move but he watched her closely for a reaction .
tr	O	Destro had been standing on the outdoor balcony of his private dining room when his guests arrived and he hurried back inside to greet them .
tr	I	He was still as unmoving as a statue and Chase was at the edge of her vision .
tr	O	Most were minor noblemen of little import , but there were a couple of important additions .
tr	I	He didn 't understand , but God bless him .
tr	I	Instead of easing , the ache only grew , but I squeezed my thighs together .
tr	I	She nodded without hesitation , but Victoria 's heart pounded .
tr	O	Elder 's voice is kind , and his eyes beg me to understand .
tr	O	I 'm a stranger to her , but I realize now she was kind of like a stranger to me the entire time we were dating .
tr	I	Yet her beauty was evident and she was dressed in rags .
tr	I	Her eyes had been vividly blue , even if for the last time , and not only was she happy , she was thriving .
tr	O	He scooped up a handful of dirt , and a something sliced the side of his index finger .
tr	I	It was a face in which any flaw was quickly forgiven , but Lines were etched in his face .
tr	O	He had been perfect since the moment she 'd met him and he didn 't deserve to be in constant pain because of her .
tr	I	It let out a dreadful moan and the zombie 's face contorted grotesquely .
tr	O	He gave me his lopsided grin and I recalled what Roth had said .
tr	O	She had a pack , and she would protect them .
tr	I	The cotton cloak to shield the cold and he wore the same clothes as me .
tr	O	Hazel eyes flecked with gold shimmered beneath the afternoon sun and laugh lines bracketed a sensuous mouth .
tr	I	I looked away , and Kellan watched me intently , too intently .
tr	O	Nell told herself that was why she shivered , but she wasn 't convinced .
tr	I	We 're starting to draw attention , and it 's becoming clear we are unequivocally lost .
tr	I	I followed suit , and Gem put her gloves on .
tr	O	Evie couldn 't put her finger on it , but it seemed she became addicted to living dangerously .
tr	I	She shivered again , and that thought scared her as much as the attack had done .
tr	I	I don 't want to go to hers and I don 't want her in my house .
tr	O	They 've changed the locks , and that sort of worries me .
tr	I	The more time passed since the breakup , the less likely that seemed , but I 'd said the words .
tr	O	he turned his head to give me a serious stare and I nodded my reply .
tr	O	I realized that I 'd been staring , but in my cozy , comfortable , uninhibited state , I didn 't feel particularly embarrassed .
tr	I	He had the brains to go with his muscle , and he was the toughest cop on the force .
tr	O	The indistinct shape inside jumped , and the door cracked open .
tr	I	She looked at me with round , dark eyes , and I took a step back .
tr	I	It was an afternoon shift , but I had to work today .
tr	I	The comforter at least covered the sheet , but Evan 's bed wasn 't neatly made .
tr	I	He grabbed her wrist , but she went past him .
tr	I	Under the light , I saw everything , but she had the most infuriating poker face .
tr	O	Cole peeled them off my legs , and I kicked them aside .
tr	O	There was only a handful of people still left awake , and of that handful there was only one person I could actually talk to .
tr	O	The weather had turned bitterly cold , but Ara 's kitchen was pleasantly warm .
tr	I	He nodded , but Eli seemed dubious .
tr	O	I want him this summer and he 's not getting it .
tr	O	He 's ordinary , and you 're not .
tr	I	It was impossible to tell , but there may have been a hint of warning there .
tr	I	At last the Assassin was a Master Assassin once more and he had restored Altair 's full status .
tr	I	The tree was nearly hidden by gifts and several dozen presents also arrived for everyone .
tr	I	You don 't want anything else and you eat them almost mindlessly .
tr	O	Students used magic to pick up a pencil off of the floor , and teachers used it to close a door that was left open .
tr	O	She would be repulsed by him if she did , and that was something that he never wanted to have happen .
tr	O	I still wondered if I had crossed some line in my conversations with him about LaSalle , but apparently things were back on track .
tr	O	Jenny was still on top of Matt and practically drooling on him .
tr	O	His golden eyes were gleaming in the moonlight , and I stared right back at him .
tr	O	I calmed myself down and the hallucination never returned .
tr	I	Any distraction was better than none , but as distractions went , it was pretty lame .
tr	I	Liz bowed politely as they passed and Mrs. Perkins was peeking through her door .
tr	O	I tried to make the words come out , but they just wouldn 't form on my lips .
tr	O	She climbed down the manhole , and he followed .
tr	I	You , you were different , but I 'm surrounded by fake people who only want my money every moment of every day .
tr	O	Dad pulled out the drawer , and we all looked .
tr	I	His stomach was thankful all the same but it wasn 't much .
tr	I	A military man walks in and the door behind us opens .
tr	O	In the end she had , but it had been her words , not her actions , that drove him away .
tr	I	She shook her head and he wiggled his eyebrows at her .
tr	I	You could pretty much hear a pen drop , but a few people were chatting quietly in there .
tr	I	A blush came to Lisa 's cheeks , and all the company repeated the salute .
tr	O	She had tried to convince him , reach his better nature but apparently , the man didn 't have one .
tr	O	I even have diagrams , but they don 't help a lot .
tr	O	The more I studied it , the better I came to know it , and I eventually grew fond of it .
tr	O	I hadn 't a clue what that was , but I wasn 't about to waste the breath to ask .
tr	O	Her dark hair was always styled like a pinup girl 's and she was never without bright red lipstick .
tr	O	I was imprisoned because I believed this then and I still believe it today .
tr	I	I saw her pulling on a pair of shorts and Lucky 's singing woke me up .
tr	I	I couldn 't let it go , but I knew it was too late .
tr	I	Her body certainly wasn 't , but her mind was conflicted .
tr	I	He let out a long , slow sigh and his head fall forward .
tr	O	He hastily stripped , or he started to .
tr	I	I could still feel it burning a hole in my temple , but I squeezed my eyes shut to avoid the horror in his .
tr	O	Hanna became her daughter 's handmaiden and the two grew to be close .
tr	O	She looked fine , but her stomach didn 't feel fine .
tr	I	He drank greedily , nearly inhaling the cool water , and the rim of a goblet pressed to his lips .
tr	I	Grace felt her heart beat faster again , a sick feeling settled in her tummy , and Nana frowned .
tr	I	We turned to head toward the schoolhouse and I ran a hand down his arm .
tr	I	The Immortal went down in a sprawl , and Bernard shot him through the thigh , breaking the bone that supported it .
tr	I	I continued and he nodded .
tr	I	No one followed , but they waited , panting , watching the damaged building .
tr	O	She tripped once , scraping her palms on the jagged surface of the rocks , and then took off running again .
tr	O	The tension in the room was unbearable , but the waiting was worse .
tr	O	He wanted a whole lot more than that and somehow he would have to make that happen .
tr	O	I was pretty sure everyone but me already knew that information .
tr	I	It would be unwise to unleash him so early in the evening , but Larry would know .
tr	I	The best was they 'd strip us of our rank as protectors , and worst possible scenario was that they 'd probably kill us .
tr	I	I nodded approval and he motioned to the bartender for another .
tr	I	Everyone knows it and Emily 's his .
tr	O	One black eyebrow lifted slightly , and a faint , dry smile touched his lips .
tr	O	I could feel her looking at me but she was far too bright for me to gaze long upon her .
tr	I	Darius smoothly nodded , but Stacy was mortified .
tr	I	Her eyes flew up to his , and her hands went to the injury .
tr	O	Some sore spots which were probably bruises , but that was it .
tr	I	There had to be flaws hidden somewhere deep inside , but his pseudo personality was incredibly sexy .
tr	O	It sits uneasily in my stomach , and I whimper , trying not to picture what I 've just eaten .
tr	I	Joy knew she hadn 't fooled him , but eventually he left .
tr	I	I narrowed my eyes , and a car pulled up .
tr	O	Her laughter died and her smile wobbled .
tr	I	Malcolm shoves the shell into my hands and the test light on the DG turns green .
tr	O	I go to wave my arm in front of the monitor , and Callie 's tiny hand comes flying up , pushing it down .
tr	I	It felt like she hadn 't seen her home in a very long time , but she had not been playing for long .
tr	O	Lori was still standing in the doorway and Ryan was pointing directly at her .
tr	I	You had choices still , but you might have had some bad breaks .
tr	O	All her findings were based on one Subject , and they were wrong .
tr	O	It felt too good , and that made him wary .
tr	O	She handed me the cup and I took a long sip .
tr	O	He startled me , and I looked up .
tr	O	He 'd saved my life and I owed him for that .
tr	I	I was no longer alone , and it really was my daughter .
tr	O	Once , I caught a flash of headlights in my mirror , but they were far behind me .
tr	I	He couldn 't pull himself away , but he meant for it to be a brief embrace .
tr	I	Elijah cut him off , but Rick opened his mouth to object .
tr	I	That would be done and a few more phone calls .
tr	O	Horns blared and voices rose from the sidewalk below .
tr	I	His face was unassuming even as he looked upon their suspicious visitor , and nevertheless he had gentle blue eyes .
tr	I	A space half a meter across appeared in front of him and ten minutes later , the stone in front of him fell free .
tr	I	There didn 't appear to be one , but he was looking for a safety catch .
tr	O	It was a late hit , but no penalty flags were thrown .
tr	O	His gaze dropped to her mouth , and he saw that her lips were red .
tr	O	Prayers are said and a young girl comes forward to read a passage on Freedom .
tr	O	I brought my hand up to cover hers and we stood that way , in the cold .
tr	O	Then someone pressed a tin mug of hot soup into her hand , and she gulped it down as quickly as she could without burning herself .
tr	O	Kevin appeared to be having a hard time saying goodbye to Samantha , but she seemed nonplussed .
tr	O	We are together , and we are close .
tr	O	She didn 't want him to be awake , but she couldn 't stand this sadness he was immersed in .
tr	I	He 'd made her relax and she 'd laughed with him .
tr	I	In the light , he would see it , and a hot flush washed into her cheeks .
tr	I	I held my tongue but I wanted to ask .
tr	O	My eyes feel heavy and I 'm really tired .
tr	I	Anyone else , or she wouldn 't let him .
tr	I	Now she has to wheel herself around , and she walked every day of her life ?
tr	I	Lenny felt feint and the stress was mounting .
tr	O	It was an unknown number but since Iris , I always picked up , no matter what , though it was never her .
tr	I	She 's hitched her leg over mine and her hair is hanging in her face .
tr	I	She felt herself coming apart as his hand slid down to the top button on her jeans , and his lips parted hers .
tr	I	I tried to dial it back , and I focused on the heat , the urgency of the flames .
tr	I	I do not feel any additional pain , but someone gasps as the crunching of bones echoes off the trees .
tr	I	He could already feel stiffness in the joint , but Everything seemed to work properly .
tr	O	He 's hard on Sam , and Sam is hard on him .
tr	O	As he got closer , the moaning grew stronger and he peeked in , startled by what he saw .
tr	I	I realized I was standing on a red , velvet carpet , and then everybody moved from our path .
tr	I	He stared at them puzzled and their unexpected visit surprised the boy .
tr	O	He has always wanted your ability , but he couldn 't get to you .
tr	I	He forced himself to rise , but his body was still tired .
tr	O	What happened to her was so tragic and I hoped that she didn 't suffer .
tr	I	My stomach warmed at his teasing , and my cheeks burned .
tr	O	She 'd always been able to control her dream , but lately , reality had crept in a little too much .
tr	I	Mary realized just how shocking this news must be for him , and Robert 's eyes widened .
tr	O	At the end of the corridor was another door , and Vince had me punch in the code myself .
tr	O	There were several people learning how to skateboard and they seemed to be having fun .
tr	I	He would have been carried to the hospital , or he would have talked .
tr	I	She felt so small and he was so large .
tr	O	He bought a program and together they kept score .
tr	I	That was it , but sure , his nose had bled .
tr	O	He 'd loved her squeezing him with her hand , but being inside her was ten times better .
tr	I	The sinking moon was shining brightly and the sky now was quickly clearing .
tr	O	It 's only Tuesday , and he told me he 'd probably be busy until Friday .
tr	O	I have them planted everywhere and the yard is full of color .
tr	O	He turned the old pitted brass doorknob and it creaked open under its own weight .
tr	O	I struggled against her , but it was no use .
tr	I	I didn 't like blood , but well , I liked hunting right fair .
tr	I	Only two of them knew who he was , and in fact only a handful of directors knew of your father .
tr	O	More of the wall was built but the ground was just as cluttered .
tr	O	Kathy 's borrowed mouth paused from talking , and her borrowed eyes began scanning her surroundings .
tr	O	I hadn 't been able to do it last time , but this time , I would .
tr	O	A hush fell over the crowd just as Hayden got the equipment secured into place , and Liz bit down on her lip hard in anticipation .
tr	O	It was a simple enough thought at first , but then worse thoughts followed it .
tr	O	He called them my brothers , but they weren 't my brothers .
tr	O	I 've seen her many times from a distance , but this is the first time I 've touched her .
tr	O	Samuel yelled at me to get down again and this time I didn 't ignore him .
tr	O	Not wanting to show his suspicions , Abe nodded , and the three of them headed back into the terminal .
tr	O	He 'd rushed to gather an army at Rand 's urgent command , and then Rand had forced him to do nothing for weeks .
tr	O	The armor sheathed him , dark like tar , but unlike glossy tar , it swallowed the moonlight .
tr	O	He shook his head and we squared off again .
tr	O	She couldn 't live with them , but she wasn 't sure she could live without them , either .
tr	O	The water was cloudy and the seaweed was thick .
tr	I	He could be a very good leader if he was given a small team , but he might have been a bit of an anarchist at heart .
tr	O	Taro waited until his heart rate was back to normal and his perspiration was beginning to dry .
tr	O	Heavy black carpeting sheathed the floor , and red drapes hung from the walls .
tr	O	Her coppery curls fell past her shoulders , and her nose was splattered with freckles of the same shade .
tr	O	She desired him , but she was sure that was par for the course with his women .
tr	O	The bathroom door opened and Aiden filled the doorway .
tr	I	He took a steadying breath , and his eyes twitched with pain .
tr	I	He repeated the same message , and Sally 's phone went straight to her answering machine .
tr	I	There was no sound but it began to play .
tr	I	It certainly felt like it , but there was no one there .
tr	O	Mindi called her parents on the way back to campus , and they 'll be on a flight here in the morning .
tr	I	Love works in mysterious ways , but I 'd have thought it would be more insect than reptile .
tr	O	Atlas was patiently holding the wet , frayed rope in his mouth and Cuddles was losing her furry mind trying to shred it .
tr	O	I 'm human and right now I 'm ravenous .
tr	I	I felt my heart drop and a look of sadness crept across her face .
tr	O	Then there were fewer prisoners , and the staff were a bit stretched .
tr	O	The scientist swallowed hard and his eyes focused back on Jackson .
tr	I	Some of that curiosity had rubbed off on Gretchen , and A find like this would be of great interest to her mother .
tr	I	Knowing his wife would argue with him , and he inquired , cringing the moment he spoke .
tr	O	Of course that wouldn 't necessarily help me find the tunnel , but it couldn 't hurt .
tr	O	I called for help again , but the sound was lost in the roaring of the flames .
tr	I	She couldn 't make him fit as Addie 's brother , even a half one she didn 't know about , but Ellie sized up Budda .
tr	O	I could feel a pressure building low in my core , and I pulled his head back up to mine .
tr	I	He would 've been suspicious , or keep in mind , now , she must have been drinking along with Avery .
tr	I	It wasn 't accompanied by any sound , but he 'd thought he 'd seen something moving .
tr	I	I didn 't mind but Cherrie frowned at me .
tr	O	He wasn 't buying any of it , but I didn 't have much choice .
tr	O	It 's a pretty big park and you can easily lose sense of direction after the sun goes down .
tr	O	Oh , he cared enough to sleep with her , and Sloane definitely wasn 't making him beg for sex .
tr	I	An image of Declan flashes through my mind , but I can 't keep the disdain out of my voice .
tr	O	I need to start getting to the gym again , and we could go together .
tr	O	They 'd either come or they wouldn 't .
tr	I	There to knock off the nerves of his job and just sipping from the cup here .
tr	I	I felt no fatigue , but it had to be a good mile across that plateau on foot .
tr	O	There was a tingling between my legs , but it wasn 't because I was hot for him .
tr	O	If you don 't protect your brother , they 'll take him away from you and he needs you .
tr	I	The plane started to roll and the nose dug deep into the ground as the body turned sideways .
tr	I	She savored the feeling of dancing in his arms and he was the first true gentleman she 'd ever met .
tr	I	Eventually he has to figure out a way to pay it off , and he owes a lot of money .
tr	O	Feet touched the floor , and Selena opened her eyes .
tr	I	We 're trying to spread the word , but it 's a bit of short notice .
tr	I	No one had ever stuck around long , but his father had dated in the past .
tr	I	He was still shivering , but it helped a little .
tr	O	I was in a dimly lit blue room , and I hurt so bad I wanted to cry .
tr	O	As if we 're starving for each other , his mouth is on mine and he backs me against the door , closing it .
tr	I	Then maybe he was a good actor , but I didn 't see any hesitation .
tr	O	It 's been almost two years that I 've been doing this on my own , and the loneliness has begun to take a toll on me .
tr	O	His coughing fit returned , and they both waited for it to pass .
tr	O	He figures he has a prize that some big people desire , and he needs to be in the thick of things .
tr	O	Tom 's eyes flicked to the left and he found Mack staring at him intently .
tr	O	She peeked up at me and I swear she was blushing .
tr	I	Trick looks over at me and I turn in my seat .
tr	O	His eyes jerked up to her , but he didn 't move .
tr	O	We then talked about the capture of the Castle , and I asked him how it had come about .
tr	O	I think he 's taking me away from this place , but I can 't concentrate .
tr	I	His palms ached where they touched , and her skin was smooth under his hands , enticing .
tr	O	He would have a lifetime of training in the art of imitating others , and he had probably been planning his insertion for a long time .
tr	O	He falls and I run .
tr	O	She stared back at him with the white eyes of blindness , but her blindness was unusual .
tr	I	It was well on toward full darkness now , and it had been sundown when they made port .
tr	O	My hands are covering my mouth and I don 't know who put them there .
tr	O	Anna 's eyes widened and she turned to Kyle .
tr	O	I wanted more of him and I had a sinking feeling that I always would .
tr	I	Like most students I had little money for automotive maintenance and I was driving a 1965 Volkswagen Bug at the time .
tr	I	He didn 't know where to go , but everything inside him screamed for him to go to her .
tr	O	It was just as horrible , but this one was the opposite .
tr	O	Clara shakes her head violently , and I know we 're thinking the same way .
tr	I	He knew it would be ruined if he spoke , and they were sharing a moment .
tr	O	I 've been talking to Jules ... Julia lately and she 's skittish .
tr	O	I knew it was fruitless to ignore the car , but I didn 't want to look in that window .
tr	I	They 'd get suspicious or I needed an excuse to be here .
tr	I	Her belly dipped and his voice rumbled through the receiver .
tr	O	These words were well rehearsed , and the effort was worth acknowledging .
tr	O	Cassie strived to believe his words , but she couldn 't get the awful image of Matthew 's visions out of her head .
tr	I	It felt like I had accidental y walked into a door instead of the ful power of a Hybrid pounding into my jaw , but it stung .
tr	I	They mumbled their agreement , and I gave them all a hard look .
tr	O	He could see Pat , their manager , making his way over , and he did not want to talk to the man .
tr	I	His gospel is peace and his law is love .
tr	O	The doorbell sounded a moment later , and Tyler turned to open the door .
tr	I	When the words registered , she frowned , but the words were so low that Sabine barely caught his murmur .
tr	I	I still hear of the rumors that pass through the town , but I may have been confined to these woods for many years .
tr	O	He poked his head out the curtains , and she assumed that Mike had come back .
tr	O	He retreats to the washroom first , and I join him after a few minutes .
tr	I	That way lay pain , but Misty swam toward consciousness .
tr	O	The ominous sound slithered across the snow to me , and I froze , wondering where it had come from .
tr	O	He was turned to his side and it sounded to Daniel like he was mumbling .
tr	O	For tonight I have seen that child , and his name is Prince Caliban .
tr	O	Holly was there , and she was terrified .
tr	O	We hated the sight unfolding before us , but we all knew that it would happen .
tr	I	There was no reply , but the brothers began calling out for Billy , their voices desperate , panic-stricken .
tr	O	I was mortal , and I knew it .
tr	O	It would have cost her nothing to dissolve the contract at her death , and yet she 'd refused to do so .
tr	O	He looked furious , and the fury looked directed at me .
tr	O	Mom burned the turkey , and Dad threw a wineglass at her .
tr	O	They saw what you tried to hide , but at least they kept their mouths shut about it .
tr	I	She felt his hands , but Everything was pitch black .
tr	O	She pressed her ear against the door , hoping to hear voices , but the building was silent .
tr	I	The subjects were easily identifiable , but it was a little grainy .
tr	I	His face was pale and his eyes were bloodshot .
tr	O	It just cleared the base of Meredith 's arched neck , and its lower branches passed over Bonnie 's small body .
tr	I	We have to be clear of here by daylight , and he 's blocking our way out of this area .
tr	I	They wouldn 't let her see a doctor and the piece of glass was too deep to pull out .
tr	I	I just couldn 't help myself , but it was a cruel thing to say .
tr	I	His eyes were wide , but his face was normal .
tr	O	I sweep lightly , so I won 't make too much noise , or I 'll be in trouble . .
tr	O	The street had been almost deserted when she had arrived , and she was sure that few people had watched her leave .
tr	I	I called him to surprise you for lunch and Jimmy is right behind you at all times .
tr	I	Toni is very strong , but usually under hypnosis you can get through to them .
tr	O	I don 't know you well , but I could imagine an experience like that crushing a lesser woman .
tr	O	When they did , my heart stopped and my body stiffened uncontrollably .
tr	I	Her appetite had returned in full force and Dianna was the most grateful for dry land again .
tr	O	It means innocent men are in prison and the true culprits are walking around .
tr	I	I don 't know why but Reagan is obviously lying .
tr	I	Conrad set the phone aside , and the call disconnected .
tr	O	The prince smiles , and the servants release her .
tr	I	The laughing spread like a contagious sickness , and the clapping turned to laughing .
tr	I	It 's intimidating in a way , and I 've never seen her act this feminine .
tr	I	The end is not even pointy and the end of it is too thick to fit inside the handcuff lock .
tr	I	It was so frightening , but she knew what she should do .
tr	O	His arms came around hers and his hands supported her wrists .
tr	O	When he looks perplexed , I make a little pinching motion and he winces as if his underparts feel her attentions once more .
tr	I	They scattered throughout the arena , taking positions they thought would be most strategic , and there were about thirty male recruits .
tr	O	We ran that way for a couple of miles , until the trail narrowed and we were forced to run single file .
tr	I	It 's your body , and you 're a human being .
tr	I	He realized where he wasn 't and his eyes adjusted to the flickering fluorescent lighting .
tr	O	Slowly the area began to heat up , but the dog did not seem to mind .
tr	O	Stepping back he broke away from her and a slight smile played on his lips .
tr	I	He pressed her back in place , but she tensed as if to jump out of her seat .
tr	I	Caroline practically snatched the prescription out of Dawson 's hand , and Dawson was wondering how the medicine was to be fetched .
tr	O	He believed that even the walls had ears , and the water that flowed under the bridge could communicate .
tr	I	There he was , playing an upright as bold as brass and Brad ran into the house .
tr	O	The trio acted the part of businessmen , but somehow they didn 't feel that way to him .
tr	I	The attempt only caused spasms of pain to go through my throat but I tried to chuckle .
tr	I	I pointed the blade at him , and he opened his mouth to speak .
tr	I	I didn 't want her to spoil my good mood and I really wasn 't in the mood for an argument .
tr	O	It wasn 't that cobblestones didn 't sometimes fly through the air , but usually someone had thrown them .
tr	I	They had fought against each other and they had gone to war together .
tr	O	Their drinks came and they both downed half the glass in one gulp .
tr	I	He needed all of his powers to face the challenge of keeping Sunshine safe and he had too many things to do .
tr	O	The song finished and we stopped dancing .
tr	I	I was not going to get my hopes built on false dreams but I liked Asher a lot .
tr	O	I told the nurses , and they called the police .
tr	O	He chuckled and I almost relaxed .
tr	O	The bed was soaked and the covers were in tangles on the floor .
tr	I	Toby could not crack it and the ice was too thick .
tr	I	I made myself study the flowers that much closer , but my heart started to pound with excitement .
tr	O	It was made of clear plastic and it was colder than the rain .
tr	I	He pulled her hand away , but she reached down to cup him .
tr	O	We 've met in this situation many times over the years , but this time I will always remember as my favorite .
tr	O	Duke nodded , and we drove the whole way in silence .
tr	I	I 'll make you stay this time , and I 'll search until I find you .
tr	O	The other boy lifted up his hands and we heard a noise like a loud wind .
tr	I	I wondered if she was trying to tease me and her other foot nudged closer to my crotch .
tr	O	There was a vein throbbing on his jaw and he looked like he was gritting his teeth .
tr	I	I hate that my mind is lingering on that instead of trying to improve my fighting skills and his cheek feels warm against mine .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but maybe it made her shallow .
tr	O	He had not studied English very hard at school but he kept it up as a hobby .
tr	I	Sophia didn 't feel the need to join them , but most of the other girls were forming similar clusters .
tr	I	They went back to the army boat parked inside the boat house and the rock wall closed behind them .
tr	O	I tried flipping her off of me , but she held me in place with thighs that were incredibly powerful .
tr	I	Suddenly it was filled with people , and Cold wind blasted through the cave .
tr	O	He had accepted he would find her in the next life and he was carrying out his resolve to do his last duty to his people .
tr	I	He was happy , and she was pregnant .
tr	O	My Shark Trek bucket hat was long gone , and I was only wearing one shoe .
tr	O	In exchange their tax revenues took off and the military was given a quick boost in their research .
tr	O	There are few among mortal Men who know more of Orcs ; and I do not hunt them in this fashion out of choice .
tr	O	She fired a furious look on Garrett and he just glared right back .
tr	I	She loved Italy , too , but Home represented so much to her , much more than she 'd realized .
tr	O	They 're taking a few items out of each order and I don 't think many of our clients have noticed .
tr	O	Her movement shocked Rome out of his stupor and he reached out to grab her hand .
tr	I	She felt completely out of control and her heart was beating in her ears .
tr	O	I 'd known there would be consequences , yet I 'd done it anyway .
tr	I	The woman changed instead , her hawkish gaze softening , but I murmured , expecting Cole 's exterior to change too .
tr	I	Someone sure didn 't like us , and someone sure knew where we were .
tr	O	The kindness of another woman had been something lacking on The Reliance , and now Kira felt some of her loneliness abate .
tr	I	The body was riddled with bullet holes , and there was very little glass left in the windows .
tr	O	She had no idea how Jack perceived the sparkling , glittering waves of light , but she felt the change in the pattern instantly .
tr	O	There were sounds of thrashing about , but Jason didn 't stick around to see what was happening .
tr	I	Father Alberto merely smiled , but Carmine was half expecting to be kicked out .
tr	O	The man had brought in a basket of food and the creature was hungry .
tr	I	It was draped over something , someone I couldn 't see , and there was a man lying on the ground , his body limp .
tr	I	There were swords bolted at their hips , and they were all dressed in chain mail !
tr	O	I curled up in a ball , not caring that I was still naked , and I let out a choked sob .
tr	I	I reached out until I felt Jax 's arm , and I heard the sound of a hand touching the fabric of the waiter 's shoulder .
tr	O	My manners were less than decent , but after being somewhat electrocuted , I didn 't particularly care .
tr	O	His eyes , usually so full of confidence were darkened by doubt , and I realized he was just as afraid as I was .
tr	O	She had a slight tan , and then Tammy remembered why they hadn 't spoken .
tr	I	Katie was quick to believe that Greyson was the evil one , yet we still didn 't even know what was going on .
tr	O	My body stands up to follow Holder , but I leave my heart at the table .
tr	I	We passed through and the gate opened .
tr	I	She said nothing but she could see the desire in those eyes that bored into her .
tr	O	I gave him a reassuring hug , and his expression lifted just a bit , then I went to the kitchen to retrieve my casserole dish .
tr	I	She was taking a big chance that no one would see her and it was only lunchtime .
tr	I	The room was damp , musty , the floor almost wet but she wanted to take the letters out to read them straightaway .
tr	I	The world spun round him and the Prince looked up sharply .
tr	O	The day wasn 't even halfway over and she desperately needed a drink .
tr	I	What could you expect with his family , but Ned grimaced at the irony ?
tr	I	He was looking the way they came , as if hoping to see the rest of their group , but he nodded absently .
tr	O	The few times Grace had done that had been accidental , but she 'd still felt the sting of Pat 's reprimand .
tr	O	She turned , and the fringes of her scarf hit my cheek .
tr	O	I could not hear their chants , but I felt the dark energy curling through the walls , twisting what had been good .
tr	O	They got the brains of bugs , and like bugs they always come back .
tr	I	Then a class that evening and I had a shift at the nursing home .
tr	I	I still needed to know , but I didn 't care what they did .
tr	I	You 're not going to lay anymore on me , but I can take a little guilt !
tr	O	I am not certain why and apparently his memory is a bit fuzzy on the matter .
tr	O	Our powers swirled together in an almost palpable energy field around us and I lost myself in him .
tr	I	He stroked my hair , and I clung to him , glad that he was here .
tr	O	He fell quiet then , and I waited for instructions .
tr	O	Then the pain was gone , and his hands were still .
tr	O	She had a few more lines , but she hadn 't changed a bit .
tr	O	She almost said so , but what was the point ?
tr	O	It was a small shield , but it was all she had .
tr	O	His fists clenched and his jaw tightened .
tr	I	Everyone else followed her back to the classroom and she stood up first .
tr	O	Sometimes his hand reaches for mine , and he squeezes it to reassure me .
tr	I	No bruised was left and the wound was healed .
tr	O	I saw no evidence of it now , and he 'd been putting in long hours at the forge .
tr	I	The pieces fit , but I knew that wasn 't the entire story .
tr	O	He 'd pointed out that Sabrina could do that just fine , but she persisted nonetheless .
tr	I	I found myself overwhelmed by confusion and a collective gasp rippled through the crowd .
tr	O	She wanted to be with him , terribly , but she was not ready for that step yet .
tr	I	His heart pounded and his blood sang .
tr	I	She looked away , and something flickered in her eyes .
tr	I	Matthew suddenly recognized him and he was the fishy riot leader with a musket .
tr	I	Shannon couldn 't tear her gaze from Julian 's face , but he walked over to the table to show them off .
tr	I	He should be in St. Louis by now , but I haven 't heard from him yet .
tr	I	Now Nuala was letting me down , and we had roles that we played when we were around each other .
tr	I	She could not wait to share it and the answer was so clear to her .
tr	I	A flash of pain darkened his eyes , confirming it , and his jaw flexed as if he was gritting his teeth .
tr	O	Their legs were tangled together and yet it wasn 't enough .
tr	O	She laughed , and I realized she was flirting with me .
tr	O	There were a lot of things in my closet I was fond of , but my stakeout clothes were by far my favorite .
tr	I	It would do the job well , but it was too big for her .
tr	I	No one could save Lupe , and I couldn 't save Giselle alone .
tr	I	A few regarded her with obvious malevolence , but some of the occupants appeared merely curious .
tr	I	That 's saying something , and I feel about as uncomfortable as I 've ever felt in my life .
tr	I	She was his mother but he had no affection for his mother .
tr	I	I sat up again after a moment , and that train of thought led to another .
tr	I	She caught herself licking them before pulling the lower portion in for a bite , and Cole 's eyes drifted to her lips .
tr	I	I realize he is speaking of David , but Nicholas looks to Andrew .
tr	O	Those green eyes turned dark and her glare dangerously nasty .
tr	O	He is your guard , not a hospital employee , and he will ensure you are safe in our absence .
tr	I	She wasn 't complaining , but somebody had hit her pretty hard .
tr	O	They were still under the impression that I was intoxicated and the only harm I would bring would be to myself .
tr	O	I would have asked you to sit in , but these guys are touchy about privacy .
tr	I	He 'd make her his and he would take her to bed tonight .
tr	O	He slumped down into the pen , and the puppies immediately leapt on him .
tr	I	I got an inkling John might 've had the same notion , and I felt like Fred needed people standing close to him right then .
tr	O	We start eating again , and after a minute , I smile .
tr	I	I was going to live it the way I wanted and this was my life .
tr	O	His voice was quiet , but it carried all the way to my ears .
tr	O	He 's filthy rich and only wants to keep me company until Warren arrives .
tr	I	Yet he 'd stopped and he wanted her as much as she 'd wanted him .
tr	I	I stopped , and I held up my hand to knock when I heard my father 's voice .
tr	O	He did not listen of course , and he immediately set out to prove his worth .
tr	O	Van , every one of these ingredients in the entire room is well known all over the world , and each item has free-standing beneficial aspects .
tr	I	The family chapel was too small , and Isabella had not wanted to take a chance with the changeable weather to have the ceremony in the garden .
tr	I	Always they denied knowledge of him , and I interrogated every demon I could .
tr	O	She already had the box out and a glass of ginger ale poured .
tr	O	Blaze runs forward , but Des is there first .
tr	I	We were wrong to accuse you of anything but we were concerned for someone 's safety .
tr	O	Noelle 's head hung limply from her shoulders , but she was still conscious enough to see him .
tr	O	I didn 't mind wearing the skirts , but on a windy day it was hell .
tr	I	For this dawn I vow that she 'll live , but I 'll hunt her again .
tr	I	The camera itself weighed less than a pound , and the lens was half an inch in diameter .
tr	O	It was beautiful , and I told her so when she twirled to model it for me .
tr	O	Travis chuckled at the sight , and it filled Risa with warmth .
tr	O	I heard a vampire hiss as it missed me , and it came rushing up behind me .
tr	I	Yet I 'm confident that it 's true , and I have nothing to base it on .
tr	I	The boys would all be meeting us there and Scott had closed it early for the party .
tr	I	His eyes looked over at Tammy and he slowly removed his hands from his face .
tr	I	I wanted to keep it that way , and my mother didn 't know the reason I 'd been admitted .
tr	I	The original owners had believed in planting , and it was an older home .
tr	I	The aroma filled the air and the cherry trees were blossoming .
tr	O	Vee shot back , and I heard her bustle up the stairs .
tr	I	Again , I felt pretty confident of my instincts , but my next leap was drastic .
tr	I	Yet , tragically , it couldn 't be hers , and this was the fairy-tale moment she 'd always dreamed of .
tr	O	His eyes were strained , and his hair messy .
tr	I	I found Daphne and carefully I opened the shelf door .
tr	O	I will stay in the lounge and if you need something just let me know .
tr	I	What surprised him was his lack of concern over the matter , but they had taken ' playing house ' to a new level .
tr	I	The wilderness will slow us down , and it is at least a twelve day march out to the Iron Gate Pass .
tr	I	Mara 's scent was indeed on multiple trails , and the territory they had already tracked was well-worn .
tr	O	Octavia secures my Mockingjay pin over my heart and we step back to look in the mirror .
tr	O	He snapped his gaze to her face when she did , but her expression belied nothing of what she might be thinking .
tr	O	He was drunk and the blackness poured out of him like crude oil from a leaking ship .
tr	O	That thought used to bother me as wel , but now I had information that he did not .
tr	O	He 'd wait forever if that was what it took , but every part of his soul prayed that she was ready .
tr	O	It hurts me to write this , but I 'm beginning to think that you are right .
tr	I	He didn 't like the feeling and Watching Nikki had aroused more than his curiosity .
tr	I	I 'm very sorry for your troubles , and I know you said you were filing for a legal separation .
tr	I	A fear crept up inside me and I got nervous .
tr	O	She handed the original back to him and he placed it back inside the bottle .
tr	I	He sloped back to the desk and the bell rang .
tr	O	He just believed the Sacred Writings were true , and following them was the right thing to do .
tr	O	None of it mattered to him and her brain started to soak it in .
tr	I	I ducked to one side , and he raised his sword high .
tr	I	That was far from the worst Cain had , but the vampire hissed .
tr	I	That 's not true , but they say the dead do not bleed .
tr	I	I didn 't mistake it for fear , but her hand shook a little .
tr	O	Somehow the sword had acquired its own will , and the will was evil .
tr	O	Her doorbell rang and Lissa opened it .
tr	O	A steam whistle began to blare and the captain 's voice bellowed out .
tr	O	The carriage bumped around a curve , and he withdrew his hand .
tr	I	We weren 't staying around to find out what , but something must have been happening outside the castle walls .
tr	I	Somehow he had turned his whole body into air , but I don 't know how he was doing it .
tr	O	Love put his foot on the brake and his car slowed down to a crawl .
tr	O	she asked , after a comfortable silence had fallen between them and Marco had slid to the side of her so she could breathe again .
tr	O	His eyes sink in and his cheekbones become more distinct .
tr	O	We parted the hug and I met her eyes .
tr	O	I knew he wanted to edge nearer to his gun , but I played along .
tr	O	He paused and his eyes closed wearily .
tr	I	Internal corridors lit by fluorescent tubes and the third floor had low ceilings .
tr	O	I could not begin to think who would have a dossier on me , but I was intrigued .
tr	I	There 's no stopping her , and she 's on a roll .
tr	I	His face merely showed weariness as he watched her , but she glanced up .
tr	O	Look at me , the hottest girl at school and she ´ s sound asleep right next to me .
tr	O	I was hoping that Mike would get gangrene from his burn and his arm would rot off .
tr	I	The craving stirred within her again and Josephine could feel the power enticingly close-by .
tr	O	I was night and she was day .
tr	I	She was my mother , and I didn 't have anything going on .
tr	I	He sighed , and I asked .
tr	O	The press shot their hands up and the questions were routine at first .
tr	O	A black hole formed in the wall next to her , and Claire felt the storm of force rip through the house .
tr	O	Mum had given me some good ideas though and I knew just where to head .
tr	O	She knew it was dangerous , but still she was giving me a little more freedom .
tr	O	Once again her eyes swelled with tears , but she quickly dried them away .
tr	I	The answer was obvious , and put it like that .
tr	I	I have the most points and that was the last race .
tr	I	Yet you allowed harm to come to her on more than one occasion , and you took responsibility of Annabelle .
tr	O	His smile faded , and he looked at me with stripped honesty .
tr	I	I think he made her uncomfortable , but I never knew Ali that well .
tr	O	We still had next to nothing , but sometimes there was food .
tr	O	I knock on the window , smiling , and he leans over to open the door .
tr	I	He stays pretty busy and his company has grown .
tr	I	I suddenly wondered what I was doing here , and there was something sinister - not to mention permanent - about those words .
tr	O	They would surely come looking in a few more hours and in the meantime , he could get some sleep .
tr	O	One by one all of them started to slide down , and in the end it was only Kanika remaining up there .
tr	I	The walls of the room seemed to close in on us , and my skin crawled .
tr	I	She shrugged and icarus looked at Dare .
tr	O	He let the glamour go while I watched , and it was smoother even than Rhys 's .
tr	I	At least I was out of the air duct , but I could feel the walls .
tr	O	He walked into the grub spot and I followed .
tr	O	His eyes closed and his breathing deepened .
tr	I	I figured he more than any of the others would ask a fair question and his request had put me in this positions .
tr	I	I 'm not sure I 'm the infinity type , but I 'm sorry if I caused you to panic .
tr	O	You have the power to run from your destiny , but your feelings for your friends won 't allow you .
tr	O	She smiled cheerfully at the man and he produced her drink almost immediately .
tr	I	Before we knew it , the sun was peaking over the horizon and we talked for hours .
tr	O	The approval in his voice warmed her and that frightened her .
tr	I	He ran up , and I waved my hand towards him .
tr	I	He 'd had enough and she was avoiding him .
tr	I	This time louder , but I knocked again .
tr	O	He went inside and she followed him , sliding into the booth he chose , reading the menu he handed her .
tr	O	Suddenly the clouds parted and the alley glittered strangely .
tr	I	I didn 't think it was a good idea to give him the gory details , and Connor didn 't realize exactly how lucky I was .
tr	O	The smoking ban had been in place for several years , yet the restaurant still reeked with the smell of stale cigarettes .
tr	I	It hit the man Alexia hadn 't even realized was there , and there came a cry .
tr	I	It was only a matter of time before he was found out and he was a rebel spy .
tr	I	He cuts me off , but I start to say .
tr	O	I had already thought the same thing , but obviously Marlene hadn 't considered that it 's possible the ingredients were tampered with .
tr	O	I ain 't thinking of one right now , and I gives you my word on that .
tr	O	she asked , and Diana nodded .
tr	O	He shoots me a glare , but then , once taking me in , smiles .
tr	I	One news van remained , but the news helicopters were gone .
tr	I	I know he must be thinking of Lacey , and his face is still pale .
tr	I	I saw the sun was still in the sky , almost ready to retire for the night and I peeked my head out of the window .
tr	O	He stopped just short of the curb and she took another step away from him .
tr	O	Bastian gave a thumb 's up and Roku flipped a switch in the Jeep .
tr	O	She didn 't understand why her heart was beating frantically and her breath seemed to be caught in her throat .
tr	O	He didn 't have any skill with this particular craft , but he could lend some muscle .
tr	O	They had put me in the same room where I started , and I was again by myself .
tr	I	Her only thought was escape , and any emotional stability she had gained the last few months was suddenly shattered .
tr	O	Her problem was not solved and she continued to think hard .
tr	O	Quick service , but right now I 'm in no mood to play handyman .
tr	I	He backed off right away , and Evelyn shook her head .
tr	O	Initially she 'd stiffened at his touch , but after only a second , she relaxed .
tr	O	I 'm not sure I can trust it , but I don 't have any better choices .
tr	I	She kept her footing this time , but her head snapped to the side .
tr	O	The leaves rustled and heavy footsteps crunched on the ground .
tr	O	It wasn 't broken , but it was badly sprained .
tr	O	It was almost dark now , and no one was watching me .
tr	I	A part of me was happy to have the answer confirmed , and her face grew red .
tr	O	She knew that Gary had probably returned to his apartment by now but he 'd failed to call her .
tr	O	Violet felt her defensiveness rising to the fore again , and she straightened , squaring her shoulders once more .
tr	I	It was worth it but I was in pain .
tr	O	They have cut out his tongue and he will never speak again .
tr	O	The pilot obligingly shifted to one side and they looked .
tr	I	He ignored it , but an apple rolled perilously close to the edge of the table .
tr	O	I started for the bathroom , but Bex was right behind me .
tr	O	His past was none of my business , and I wouldn 't concern myself with it , just like he wouldn 't meddle in my affairs .
tr	I	She groaned and my hips pressed into hers .
tr	I	It was a discomfort I could handle but it itched like crazy .
tr	I	I instinctively put it behind my back , as if that would hide the stench of blood and Blood was dripping onto the dusty gravel below me .
tr	I	This was Molly 's attempt to help him win her over and he 'd texted her last night letting her know that he was bringing Rachel back .
tr	I	The distrust he 'd built up over the years was painful to watch , but his brother was so close to returning to full sanity .
tr	I	The old shores would not , but Angels might notice .
tr	I	He 's not going to , and he didn 't get you .
tr	I	His jaw hung loose in his mouth , and his hands trembled , shaking the light .
tr	O	The nurse came to get me , as foretold by Dr. Boggs , and she asked if there was anything I needed to bring with me .
tr	I	Aw , geez , Mama sure did look mad already and Kirstie looked around into the crowd .
tr	I	They sometimes had odd ideas of what took priority , but the Alchemists were fast when they wanted to be .
tr	I	Finding out who might be her only hope and recovering her memory .
tr	I	Alex saw the limp , furry red leg of an Elmo doll dragging from the footwell , and there was an empty child 's safety seat .
tr	O	There 's a whole lot of self-doubt in her eyes right now , and I want to squash it .
tr	O	It was all totally undemanding and he was glad that he had come .
tr	O	He held me a long time but I knew he wasn 't sleeping .
tr	O	The floor stopped and the paintings ceased .
tr	O	The world sank away around Colton and he was suddenly a small boy in his childhood home on the morning his mother abandoned him .
tr	I	Bret got inside , and Dad got in his side of the car , then shoved the passenger door open .
tr	O	I felt a quiver of anticipation , but I knew I couldn 't commit to anything at this point .
tr	I	We started walking back towards the main building and I laughed at the look on her face .
tr	I	Scholars have some fascinating clues which archeologists can surely use ; but we haven 't found them yet .
tr	I	There he stood at the top glaring down at me , and as I started up the next set of stairs I instinctively looked up .
tr	I	She looked just about ready to stomp her foot , which was about as mad as she ever got and Suave 's eyes flashed .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to say to that , and they were all serious .
tr	O	He moved , a single ripple of muscle , and her heart pounded in anticipation .
tr	I	You 're guilty of child abduction or you have twenty-four hours to produce Isaac .
tr	I	There was no use in dredging up the bad memories , and they 'd both moved on .
tr	I	He felt the need inside her body , but she would fight him at every turn .
tr	O	It took me a second of seeing stars to realize he 'd started forward in the same direction , and we 'd bashed heads .
tr	O	Angela glanced quickly at him but he just rolled his eyes .
tr	O	Give me the go-ahead and I can take the sister .
tr	I	Now Vicki was everything he loved in a woman , wrapped up in one gorgeous package , but she 'd been a pretty teenager .
tr	O	The bus stopped again and two more boys got on .
tr	O	She was carrying some internal weight and she wasn 't as happy as before .
tr	I	We quickly moved to my dorm and he grabbed a bag he had packed from under his bed .
tr	O	The paper he had glued there was still stuck fast , and to his eyes there was not even a shadow to betray what was underneath .
tr	I	Before he could reach for her she flung herself into his arms but he dropped before her .
tr	O	If you weren 't protected , the wind would make your face and ears feel like they were frozen .
tr	I	They took their chances on letting it spread , but it was an interesting experiment .
tr	O	Samara 's head was released and his throat was let go .
tr	I	She took the opportunity to explore it boldly and he sucked her tongue into his mouth .
tr	O	It was still daytime , but you could not tell from the sky .
tr	O	Nothing made sense , but Tristan said that those cases rarely did - that it 's people you least suspect .
tr	I	I could not but all my friends repressed their smiles .
tr	I	His breathing turns even , and his eyes close eventually .
tr	O	Claire rolled him out of the way , but she left the pencil in his chest .
tr	O	Riley doubted she 'd be sent mad , but she kept her head bowed anyway .
tr	I	Ian bumped into his feet from behind and the thought brought Connor to an abrupt stop .
tr	I	She was returning to the cathedral and she was grateful the week was over .
tr	I	She could feel his warm breath on her cold cheeks and with the other hand he tipped her face up towards his own .
tr	O	Rome had been gone a week and he 'd only called three times .
tr	O	It had been almost an hour since she had seen her last and the room was already full .
tr	O	It was dark and the streets all started looking alike .
tr	I	As he had taken it with him when he 'd vanished , she pointed out , that was unlikely to change , and she did not .
tr	O	He marched with time , retreated with it - and he 'd started somehow on the wrong foot .
tr	O	I hate it when the victim says that in movies but I couldn 't think of anything better to say .
tr	O	He wasn 't crying , not that I ever expected to see the day that that would happen , but he definitely looked saddened .
tr	O	I had no doubt we looked a bit ridiculous , lined up like Christmas nutcrackers , but if she thought the same , she gave no indication .
tr	I	The seconds felt like minutes ticking by , but I watched her for five seconds .
tr	I	Brown skin marked the spots where ears might have been , but there were no visible ears .
tr	O	I 'm trying to find out what I can , but the rain plays havoc with communications I 'm afraid .
tr	I	I replied with a lightning slice of my wrist and it lunged .
tr	O	It didn 't feel that way to me , but just as soon as it had boiled up , my anger deserted me .
tr	I	Their clothes behaved as if gravity ceased to exist , and their hair stood straight up .
tr	O	There was a pause , and then she chuckled .
tr	I	Respect me , and the more time that passed , the more confident I became that they had finally learned to fear me .
tr	O	She was still on the fence , trying to get a handle on the moment and he walked over to put an arm around her waist .
tr	I	There 's no changing that and I will never know a lot of stuff about our relationship .
tr	O	The two figures stared at each other and the captain spoke again .
tr	O	I nodded in their direction and he followed my eye line .
tr	O	The effort robbed me of the oxygen I needed , and a familiar pressure began to build in my chest .
tr	I	It 's a price I 'm willing to pay to be alert , but the burning pain of my wound is growing , too .
tr	I	They are actually yellowing newspapers , but at first I think they are filled with extra printing paper .
tr	O	He 's like my daddy but he was only following instructions .
tr	I	He even thought that she was rich , that her parents hid a lot of money in secret , and no one knew the reason why .
tr	O	She could hear their conversations and it made her feel uncomfortable .
tr	I	He wondered why and she seemed uncomfortable .
tr	O	They hung up and Blake called his pilot .
tr	O	That small cry was followed by some muffled words , but he caught the drift of what was happening .
tr	I	She answered her own question and her eyes narrowed .
tr	O	She never was one to beat around the bush much , but Sweet Saltwater Taffy this was more frankness than I was prepared to hear .
tr	O	They built the ranch when they were young , and my uncle built the house when he married .
tr	I	From his predatory expression , he could smell her desire like a lion smells its next kill , and her heart rate increased .
tr	O	We didn 't say anything for a minute , and Alice stopped crying .
tr	O	He doesn 't back away , though , and his breath teases my lips like fingers .
tr	I	I joined in and they workout in groups .
tr	O	I am almost fine now and I realize that I am late for school on my very first day .
tr	I	He seemed steady on his feet , but his shoulders slumped with exhaustion .
tr	O	I started sliding slowly to the side , but Griffin 's eyes were still on me .
tr	I	I have enough for now , but I 'm not sure I have all the answers .
tr	I	She knew it , and it was ridiculous .
tr	O	This vampire was taking no chances , but I was .
tr	I	I sighed and she looked around .
tr	O	He put his head in his hands and I think he held in a gulp .
tr	O	The scarf in his pocket was folded into a peeking triangle , and his pants fit him as though they 'd been custom made .
tr	I	It let out another low , ominous growl , and the wolf 's gaze cut over to them .
tr	O	Noah won every time , but I said Finn did .
tr	O	Such things happened and the Jesuits were right to oppose them .
tr	O	Watching the brown water rushing by was hypnotizing , and she was soon lulled into a groggy wakefulness .
tr	I	It was dated just a week back and it was another page of the diary .
tr	O	I don 't understand all of it , not even close , but I think this whole thing about killing me is just another layer .
tr	I	There wasn 't a blurb , but she flipped to the back .
tr	O	I think I didn 't like him for that at first , but it is what it is .
tr	I	My initial guess would be a 30-45 year old single white male , but all right , I need more information to make a detailed profile .
tr	I	It gets me in the range of survival , but I 'd still be in danger of starvation .
tr	O	She waved at her friends , and then I was surrounded by significantly more estrogen .
tr	I	She was hoping for a miracle , but now no physiological parameter could give her hope .
tr	I	They hit the floor with a resounding thump that echoed throughout the keep and the force sent them both over the back of the laird 's chair .
tr	O	No need to upset the boy by telling him this , but she seemed to have disengaged with her son entirely .
tr	I	Lucien let us in and we took the elevator up .
tr	I	The house is nothing like I expected and we walk inside .
tr	O	He was tempted to sell his motor yacht , which he kept in Douglas , but so far it had not come to that .
tr	O	I felt as if I was about to fall , and I wasn 't sure where .
tr	I	He finally takes it , but his dark eyes stare at the drink for a beat too long .
tr	O	His father was one of the founders , and Marcus had spent his life at the plant .
tr	I	She knew she had lost , and her father crossed his arms .
tr	I	No one objected , but a murmur rose from the other members of the council .
tr	I	I still hurried , but I knew I had plenty of time .
tr	I	His chest was heaving and he was sobbing now .
tr	I	I can 't read his lips , but he 's murmuring something .
tr	I	The past few months had been uneventful and thankfully Social Services had agreed to the foster placement .
tr	O	I 'd heard people like him existed , but I hadn 't really believed it .
tr	I	They were oddly appropriate , and the terms evoked images of deep-sea operations .
tr	I	It went wide , but he fired again .
tr	O	His fingers spread along my skin and he guides me closer to him .
tr	O	He wished that wasn 't so pessimistic , but she didn 't seem to notice .
tr	O	He did not take a guard with him , but he did wear his sword .
tr	I	For just that moment , her focus strayed and she was absently pondering the odds of the battle .
tr	O	Her gaze bore into Jake , but he still didn 't understand .
tr	O	I bent to help her pick them up and she stared at me .
tr	O	Her lower lip quivered and she wobbled in place .
tr	I	You 'll read the messages to me , and we 'll go to the walls covered in card graffiti .
tr	I	She was still heavy hearted , and she had not slept well .
tr	I	The gate closed and the air shimmered .
tr	O	Soon her limbs grew heavy , and behind her eyelids things began to spin .
tr	I	Kind of scared became very scared , and it was cold like Leon 's .
tr	O	The first one , however , had stayed in long enough to do its job , and the drug was already coursing through her system .
tr	I	She stood making the sign of the cross as the canoes landed , and she was taller than average , more modestly dressed .
tr	I	Gannon carefully arranged it around Keeley and one of the other men tossed up a blanket .
tr	I	Together , we yanked down his jeans and his free hand helped me .
tr	I	I don 't point this out , but he 's so proud of himself , having pinned a girl half his size .
tr	O	Most would argue he made a better person of me , but I 'm not as happy as I used to be .
tr	I	He wasn 't letting her go until one of them decided to call it quits and she was his woman .
tr	I	Before I could even squeal in protest , he 'd bitten off half the cannoli , and he grabbed my arm .
tr	O	I was so very grateful when the bell rang and I could get out of there before I made a bigger fool of myself .
tr	I	She reached for her sister 's hand and the grief hit her in the stomach .
tr	I	That everything she blamed Alisa for was her fault , not Alisa 's and I told her to leave Alisa alone .
tr	I	Rutabagas began climbing in , and behind us a window shattered .
tr	O	He 's hired as many guards as he can afford , but the other landowners are pretty backwards .
tr	I	Abruptly Wells was there with a knife flashing , cutting through the strap , and his stiff fingers refused to work on the buckles .
tr	O	The soft little hairs on my arms stand on end , and I am breathless .
tr	I	Dianna picked them up and a couple spilled to the ground .
tr	O	I 'd really hoped I could vomit so I 'd feel better after , but I knew now that nothing would make me feel better , ever .
tr	I	Silver was the metal of choice for almost any other creature , but Iron could inflict lethal blows on the gentry .
tr	I	The rent was due , and the landlord was there .
tr	O	Dr. Hoffmann might not have proof of all the things he 's about to say , but I do .
tr	I	She didn 't look at the screen , but the iPhone in Laurel 's hand bleeped .
tr	I	Tug must 've helped hide the evidence , and if it was Leanne who 'd hurt Alana , she must 've acted in anger .
tr	O	I knew he was only trying to help , but he didn 't get it .
tr	I	There was almost no traffic out so early on a Sunday , and it was a pretty day , at least .
tr	I	They giggled together , and Bernardo leaned into Madhu 's ear .
tr	I	I moved to the tables to help greet the people that came and the people started arriving not long after the band had set up .
tr	I	The sun shone brightly over the town , and the river flowed gently under the bridge .
tr	O	She didn 't want that to change , and she 'd assumed he understood her feelings .
tr	O	The ground shook as though an earthquake had hit , and then Zoey could feel the booming thumps of something massive approaching the room .
tr	I	Abby followed her to a giant tree and Jenny pulled them toward a smaller path .
tr	I	Bobby didn 't know that , but I had in my Search .
tr	O	I wasn 't hers , and she wasn 't mine .
tr	O	Zeus put his arm on Poseidon 's shoulder and the older brother put his hand on top of it .
tr	I	He always seemed to go out of his way to annoy me , but I didn 't know what Oliver 's deal was .
tr	I	The knot in her throat made it hard to speak and the tears wouldn 't quit .
tr	I	Their wings do not have so many joins , and they are all much more brightly colored than I am .
tr	I	The two groups moved to surround her , and dozens more were coming out there , however .
tr	I	Somehow his blood did , but his stomach didn 't rumble .
tr	O	I think he 's after the gun on the floor , but he 's still a good few steps away from it .
tr	I	The air felt warm and the rain had cleared .
tr	O	This island was clearly special to him and he 'd chosen to bring her here .
tr	I	We fall , or we stand together .
tr	O	There was a flash of movement , and Sebastian was there .
tr	I	I was in awe and it was magnificent .
tr	I	Darkness was creeping along the edge of her vision but Josephine brought his shield down with her next attack .
tr	I	It was wasted on me , but the offer would be tempting to almost any girl .
tr	I	Clint continued , and Chewy lowered his eyes to show Clint he didn 't .
tr	O	Her eyes widened with surprise and a smile lifted her mouth .
tr	O	They were well known to have financial clout but what they actually did was never fully explained .
tr	O	He wasn 't cheating on her anymore , but he had a feeling something terrible was about to happen .
tr	I	No sight could pass through but the light made its way through the swirling presence of the Mist .
tr	O	My cell phone rang , and I turned it over .
tr	O	Jacob had caught her sleeping in one of Brian 's shirts and he tore her a new one .
tr	I	It always does and I know the best is going to come to me .
tr	I	He very much meant to oppose it , and he did know about the fourth colony .
tr	I	I listen to his erratic heartbeat and my head rests on his chest .
tr	O	She shuffled through the living room , picking up the shirt and shoes Blake had left discarded on the floor the night before .
tr	O	Links start when you 're mortal , but the end varies .
tr	I	My colleagues will know more soon , but that 's a language I 'm not too familiar with .
tr	O	A hard bone pummeled the back of my head , and it hurt like hell .
tr	O	Claire brought up the browser 's history , but it had been cleared .
tr	I	I winced , and she asked .
tr	I	I knew that you knew about Kenzie , and you said something about my crush .
tr	I	I don 't know why , and he still frightens me , Toni .
tr	I	It made her feel secure , far from any dangers that may harm her and it was the only home that she had ever known .
tr	I	She worshipped him till the day he died and he loved her dearly .
tr	O	Immediately , my fingers brushed against the hard length of his cock , and something wet .
tr	I	She watched and she waited .
tr	O	I thought it looked a bit creepy , but Barbie assured me that it was safe .
tr	I	I 'm mortified to feel tears pricking the corners of my eyes , and I say the last part of this sentence in a shaky voice .
tr	I	It was in the ballpark , but this was not quite true .
tr	O	True , she had always had a healthy appetite , especially before the full moon , but this was over the top .
tr	I	He gave her the respect of giving it serious thought , and he paused , instantly sensing it was a serious question .
tr	I	The gloves from the pressure suit prevented it from sounding effective but he tried to snap his fingers .
tr	O	He might have been forced to venture meekly onto Armstrong land , but he damn sure wouldn 't allow any Armstrong to intimidate him .
tr	I	My nails dug painfully into my palms , and my fists were clenched .
tr	I	I recognized it as something from the early jazz era , but I didn 't know the song .
tr	I	I don 't think I can answer that yet , but I want to say that it was good news .
tr	I	You 're attracted to me , and I 'm attracted to you .
tr	I	The looks he 'd given her were close to hostile , but he denied there was anything wrong .
tr	O	She was trying to act strong so not to worry him and Hiro shut his eyes .
tr	O	Dr. Riley frowned , and this time I clearly saw pity in his eyes .
tr	O	Everyone 's laughing now , but I 'm still lost .
tr	O	Always he left her with a gentle kiss after taking her roughly , and then he 'd leave her to sleep when he departed the chamber .
tr	O	Liam 's chest lightened , and he smiled at Adela .
tr	I	He had friendly blue eyes and his short black hair was curly .
tr	I	The tunnels are like a spider 's web but it doesn 't make sense to me .
tr	I	He was too heavy , but she tried to push Nate off to roll free .
tr	I	The engine fired to life , and he turned the ignition switch .
tr	O	The draft was a year away but he would still be exempt .
tr	O	I wondered what Ajax had told him about me - and what he knew from the gossip he 'd heard .
tr	I	She couldn 't find it , but she reached around on the seat next to her for the gun .
tr	O	Footsteps crunched toward the bench , but Emma didn 't flinch .
tr	I	I don 't think they knew about the Russians , and to be fair , the Greens weren 't getting paid .
tr	O	He halted , but he refused to turn around .
tr	I	I cringed , and he came out with a pair of tweezers .
tr	I	This gave him some hope and every golfer wants to improve .
tr	I	Then shot forward again and the horses jerked nervously in the shafts .
tr	I	If he won Saturday , he was in the finals and he had reached the semi finals of the Club Championship .
tr	I	It was all empty , a facade , but it gratified me , validated me .
tr	O	Harold has gone grey and his eyes have begun to bleed .
tr	I	They walked slowly towards the museum and the driver took the old man 's arm .
tr	O	He seemed surprised that I hadn 't pulled back , and he briefly opened his eyes , searching my face .
tr	I	She felt his fingers tighten as if in readiness , and Dewhurst didn 't release her arm .
tr	I	A bit rude , he thought , and it was peculiar question to ask .
tr	I	She suspected the temperature had dropped several degrees , but as they left the pharmacy , Carrie noticed it had stopped snowing .
tr	O	My phone buzzes , but I ignore it .
tr	I	I 'm terrible at swordplay and he 's challenging me .
tr	I	This time he hiked it over her waist , and only this time , it was in the back .
tr	I	He adjusted the jacket over his arm and Jase 's face turned red .
tr	I	He rolled his eyes and James looked at her .
tr	I	I leaned away from him and I felt my eyes widen .
tr	O	His teeth nipped at my bottom lip and I opened my mouth in invitation .
tr	I	The words had to be said , but Easy enough to guess where this conversation was heading .
tr	O	I was his , and he was mine .
tr	I	I was hoping that contacting my parents would help to fill in this void , and there 's a deep aching hole in the middle of me .
tr	O	He gives me a curious look , but even though he 's confided in me , I don 't know what to say .
tr	I	Haddington chuckled and he smiled .
tr	O	Course he wrote it back in the fifties , and I suppose when nothing happened right away people just forgot it .
tr	O	It was too much evidence , but I prayed for another explanation .
tr	O	My phone was buried somewhere in my flight bag and I dreaded seeing how many calls I had missed since I 'd left the plane .
tr	O	It might not have been her choice to be turned from human to vampire , but she 'd known Knox wouldn 't care .
tr	I	She was lying and she was nervous .
tr	O	It 's a rite of passage , and we dismiss the words of any well-meaning adult .
tr	I	That didn 't mean he couldn 't start lobbying , but Tonight might not be the right time to indulge in tantric sex .
tr	O	The male pulled her away , and Lord used the moment to dart for the open gateway .
tr	I	Honestly I didn 't want to and I couldn 't stop the tears .
tr	I	I 'm touched anew by her kindness , and her door recognizes me , after all this time .
tr	O	It would take a few days , but it would be worth the effort .
tr	O	She couldn 't help seeing the rigid length bulging beneath his jeans , and he made no effort to hide it .
tr	O	Zeal linked her arm in mine and we began to walk down the hillside .
tr	O	Female werewolves weren 't as rare as female vampires , but the males outnumbered them six to one , at least .
tr	O	She hadn 't technically gotten the apprenticeship yet , but she wanted to think positively .
tr	O	I haven 't heard from him and that 's not like him .
tr	O	He disappeared beyond our range of vision from the cemetery , and I pulled Rachel 's phone from her pocket to text Dad .
tr	O	Dia said something else , but Haven didn 't wait to hear .
tr	O	His eyes are bright blue , I know , but in the low light of the barn , they look almost sapphire .
tr	I	I ate it , but it was tasteless .
tr	I	He smiled a deceiver 's smile at his friend , and then he thought of Marten , of his mother .
tr	O	Maybe brushing it to the side and never mentioning it to anyone .
tr	I	The smirk that graced my stupid face fell and my throat instantly dried .
tr	I	I know I 'm killing time and a few more days pass .
tr	O	They didn 't hurt that much , but it made it difficult to stand up .
tr	O	Lord Avery must have left an order at the shop , because more flowers arrived the day after he left , and more the day after that .
tr	I	The tiniest of smiles crossed her face before she continued on her way out of the office , and she stopped momentarily .
tr	I	The indiscreet thoughts filled my mind and the blood started to pump south .
tr	O	David would be gone , but it 'd be nice to have a little piece of home here with me .
tr	O	It had only been two hours since she had seen him last , but she still ached for him .
tr	O	It wasn 't disrespectful , and it wasn 't negative .
tr	O	Let me fight this , or I 'll take you .
tr	O	She shoots several rounds into Anthony 's abdomen and he falls to his knees .
tr	O	It was an enormous feature that engulfed the middle of the plaza , but today running like a madman along the edge drew hardly any attention .
tr	O	I must have set something off , because a window opened and Ricky appeared , smiling at me .
tr	O	My mom explained things to me and my grandmother confirmed it .
tr	O	I frown , wishing I wasn 't that way , but I know she 's right -- especially lately .
tr	I	She thought he had been doing the same to her , and she had been sneaking glances at him the entire time they were motoring out .
tr	I	She was watching Bickel , but he smiled at Prudence .
tr	I	All three were stupid , but none were demon possessed .
tr	O	I had a pen in my jeans , and I wanted to get it out .
tr	O	He turned to Camille and she softened his mood .
tr	I	I didn 't want to answer , and I thought he was about to ask me where I 'd been staying .
tr	I	It leaped into my throat , but I didn 't think that my heart could pound any louder after today .
tr	O	Her voice was full of promise and he loved her for it .
tr	O	The leg removes itself from the car , followed by its twin , and both make their way to Tammie .
tr	I	Others , like Saxon , didn 't , but some , like Tempest , became wolves .
tr	O	Squirrel 's jaw dropped open and he shook his head .
tr	I	I didn 't want to dance , but it was almost like a waltz .
tr	I	Using such energy had drained him , and his earlier need for blood had barely been satisfied .
tr	I	Her expression was knowing , and my smile was soft .
tr	I	It continued to lumber forward , but the other hit a Forsaken in the middle of its skull .
tr	O	She couldn 't understand what was happening to her and she knew she couldn 't let this go on .
tr	I	He stared her over for a few more moments , ignoring the telephone , before hitting another button on his phone , and she blushed .
tr	I	Bongo let out a bark , to let us know that he agreed with my words and I tried to lighten the mood with a joke .
tr	O	The machine let out a low whine beneath her , and Renna glanced down at the controls .
tr	I	Her heart rate escalated and she was lying against him .
tr	I	I could hear the light footsteps moving away from my room and she scurried away quickly .
tr	I	Nothing comes out , but I open my mouth to say stop with the drugs .
tr	O	Tears streamed down her cheeks , but her chest was tight with an agony that no tears could expel .
tr	I	I don 't say anything and my breath catches .
tr	I	I hadn 't realized he was so actively involved in this stuff , but I knew he cared about equality .
tr	O	When he gave me the card he said I could call him anytime and I hope he meant it .
tr	I	I don 't trust them and they 'll just want to get their hands on my inventions .
tr	I	I don 't know what I can do about it , but I 'm not saying I agree with it .
tr	I	She had received it herself , but the report did indeed contain such an assertion .
tr	I	The vampire 's blood flowed out into her mouth , and they were so sharp that they sank easily into the skin .
tr	O	She might be his lover now , but she would never be his lady .
tr	I	Greg was not of a mind to tell them , and they didn 't know how close the enemy were .
tr	I	With another burst of static it came to life , and a flatscreen hung from the ceiling .
tr	O	He kissed her , touched her , pulled the gown from her shoulders , and she let him .
tr	O	The lady next to her had a handkerchief , and she wished she had brought one like her .
tr	I	Each had a shiny red button on the thumb , and they looked exactly like reindeer heads .
tr	O	I 'd been in charge , and now it was his turn .
tr	O	She seemed to force herself back upright and she sprang into action , crawling across the living room floor towards the window .
tr	O	I can have the first sections rolling off the line in six weeks but my yard can 't hold many modules .
tr	I	Lifting my hand up to his mouth for a kiss and covering my lips with a few fingers to silence me .
tr	O	The cities can now resupply , and their forces can regroup .
tr	I	We had to go in and the 28th Division was pulled out .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to answer , but my cell phone started to ring .
tr	I	The base commanders had kept their distance and the states in the ASSC were flirting with rebellion in many people 's eyes .
tr	O	Damien was an unknown , but Jeff was an ally .
tr	I	We don 't hurt children , but our laws might be harsh .
tr	I	He should be proud of her , and many men would find her attractive .
tr	I	Then put down his fork the moment he swallowed , and Cy took a bite , thinking while he chewed .
tr	O	That was impossible now that Tyler was gone , but everybody agreed that Watkins had been a hit .
tr	I	The viewers could see behind him the figure of Maria and it was open .
tr	I	She needed it now - and she needed fresh air !
tr	I	Nobody 's even been able to figure out how to do that , but we might be able to block them from coming here .
tr	O	It could have been Scribe but I don 't think so .
tr	O	They would just argue I shouldn 't be drinking if I couldn 't walk straight before I started , and they would have a point .
tr	O	Leslie hopped on the bike and I hopped on behind her .
tr	I	It was becoming increasingly residential as the years passed , but this particular Brentwood had once been a farming community .
tr	O	Of course , this situation was different , yet he had heard Lilith 's orders .
tr	O	He stopped me in the middle of the walkway in front of Clare 's house , and he cupped my chin .
tr	O	It was just too embarrassing and she didn 't want to deal with it now .
tr	I	We stare at each other for a while and his eyes focus on mine .
tr	I	It can 't be , but that 's him in the picture .
tr	I	Beyond that , there are warriors everywhere and there 's the man at the door !
tr	O	I quickly gather up my items and I practically ran out the door .
tr	O	She couldn 't believe what she was seeing and her heart beat so hard in her chest she thought it would explode .
tr	I	I spent an unnecessary amount of time stirring my yogurt as I mulled over her words , and we sat down .
tr	O	The microwave dinged and I welcomed the distraction .
tr	I	Shivers ran down her spine and her back erected .
tr	I	They 'll have all the power and we have all the interest .
tr	O	I knew my sister and I knew her well .
tr	I	He knew the truth , but Sara tried to dismiss the importance of the situation .
tr	I	She made the softest , cutest snore I 'd ever heard , and her arm dangled toward the floor .
tr	I	I lost my bearings for a split second and I felt momentarily dizzy .
tr	I	Her firm squeeze did quiver a bit , but she did not weep .
tr	I	Before each meal we prayed and we still had dinners together .
tr	O	James kept his arm around Joni , but she shuddered at the venom in Kathy 's eyes .
tr	O	He shook my shoulders , but I held my ground .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed , and the man 's finger stilled over the button .
tr	O	He was acting weird and it was making me nervous .
tr	O	I watch him as he moves effortlessly around the kitchen and I 'm in awe at his level of comfort .
tr	I	The author feels that she is just as important today , and she was important for the well being of the human race in her life time .
tr	I	It was a complete failure , and led by Marshall Brit Cairns .
tr	I	I was starting to get bored , and this continued for a few more minutes .
tr	I	Her incisors stayed put , but the Queen 's eyes had returned to their normal silver glow .
tr	O	Maybe I should have picked a better way of showing up , but the look on your face was priceless .
tr	O	You require peacefulness to feed your spirit and your mother requires the energy of love .
tr	I	This isn 't over , but I need to go .
tr	I	No rebirth until you eat your fruit , and no dessert until you eat your vegetables .
tr	I	Jennifer shook her head as the car started forward again and the light turned green .
tr	O	The door opened at the far end of the room , and two of Amelie 's favorite vamp bodyguards came in , dragging a beat-up human .
tr	O	Jason had known Mark since high school and they were now friendly competitors who occasionally had a beer together after work .
tr	I	Under the carpet of ash , I feel the paving stones of the square , and the surface beneath my feet hardens .
tr	I	He 'd had no problem easily letting her off the hook , and he understood .
tr	I	Then , I became involved with the Soul Reaper 's secrets , but the first time I saw Scar , was just an imagination .
tr	O	I closed my eyes and when I opened them we were standing in some sort of hallway .
tr	O	Grace sincerely hoped he got the message , but the subtle approach wasn 't always successful with Stan .
tr	O	He was large , and she 'd been completely cold .
tr	I	They would fade as clouds of summer do and if it were to be known the gods were not omnipotent then worship of them would cease .
tr	O	West barked requests to ratings around him and they raced off in haste .
tr	O	Today was the first practice that included Kain , and I was fighting like a baby .
tr	O	My head began to turn , and I stopped myself .
tr	I	The children have already gone through too much and I won 't risk our family .
tr	O	She knew who they were from and she wanted to savor the moment .
tr	O	I asked and she shrugged .
tr	O	The thunder faded , and Bryony froze as she heard another sound echo through the laboratory .
tr	O	She kept her tone light , but as the words tumbled out , she realized they came from her heart .
tr	O	He 's as wise as any , but he 's soft-hearted , that 's what he is .
tr	O	I did , but as I 'd warned him , it was ugly .
tr	O	Even Mrs. Morris wouldn 't be able to find fault in her appearance , but it was driving Jude crazy .
tr	I	He could fantasize , but she probably wouldn 't have worn them .
tr	I	She obviously had , along with practically everything else , but Robin didn 't remember mentioning that to Angela .
tr	O	As it flew open , I fell to the right , and Yang rushed forward , sweeping the room .
tr	O	I knew my mother was just angry with me , that she didn 't mean a word she said , but I didn 't care .
tr	O	Easter 's handwriting was quite dissimilar from Lancaster 's , but he 'd made a mistake in running from Hirsch .
tr	O	He ran to the van , and Kait followed , scrambling up behind him when he opened the door .
tr	I	For a long time they did not move , and they lay there , wrapped in each other 's arms .
tr	O	I looked past him ... and that 's when I saw Kitten .
tr	I	I don 't know , but I have heard that .
tr	I	It appeared that they had already removed him for surgery , but I returned to the Containment Center to interview Chris Abbot .
tr	O	Balthazar tried to speak , but his throat was dry .
tr	O	She was invited to all the important social events , and hostesses were eager to have her at their dinner parties .
tr	I	Far from the dumbest we came up with that fall , but it was a dumb idea .
tr	O	He waved his arms , and the images faded away as if they had never been .
tr	O	The selection was completely random , but what came next wasn 't .
tr	I	The pilot crunched across the gravel on his way to the cockpit and the Royal Flying Doctor Service plane 's doors slammed shut .
tr	O	Every once in a while they 'd start firing them darn things off , but so far they were just a damn nuisance more than anything .
tr	I	Victoria no longer felt that way now that he 's gone again but all she ever wanted to feel was to be happy with him .
tr	O	You must forgive our methods but like you we are wary of those we encounter .
tr	O	Mia met them briefly during his birthday party , but apparently , she wasn 't very interested in spending time with other people .
tr	O	She had no idea how to get through those spinning blades but she was willing to try .
tr	O	I tried to kiss him again , but he didn 't let me .
tr	I	I said nothing , but that was debatable .
tr	O	She was open to attack , but he didn 't do anything .
tr	O	We were on foot and he was on wheels .
tr	I	I gave an involuntary gasp , and a chill ran down my back .
tr	O	He did not even wait to be acknowledged before speaking , and the Dragons ' humming took on a slightly offended tone .
tr	I	She 'd managed to put him in his place over that , but Enrique had demanded even more favors from Diego 's mother .
tr	O	I felt like nothing more than dropping off to sleep , but instead I got to my feet .
tr	I	There was no end and there was no beginning .
tr	O	Disable more than a handful , and the brain would fail altogether .
tr	I	She was very clever , and she understood the issues .
tr	I	Hanna followed , and she started across the parking lot .
tr	O	Then I stood a few more minutes until it took off , and I watched it until it dwindled to nothing in the blue .
tr	O	She supposed she could always hit up Magnus 's friendly local supplier of lamb 's blood , but the whole business made her queasy .
tr	O	He insisted on carrying everything , and I carried only the red single rose .
tr	O	She reached out a hand to touch me and I cringed , expecting the cold feel of her hands .
tr	I	Evie relinquished her place behind the wheel , and immediately the agent clambered back into the boat .
tr	O	spat Agnes , and the baby whimpered .
tr	O	Hurt crosses his features , and I can see his intention was never to harm us .
tr	O	The disease would certainly kill her , but as Linsey felt , she would not allow her condition to take those final moments of life away .
tr	O	I walk past him and he grips my arm .
tr	O	He 'd heard that reporting unusual activity was a good idea even if you didn 't see any , but he was afraid to do that .
tr	O	She was now begging and Dante could see it in her face .
tr	O	He hoped the boon would help , but the king didn 't look impressed .
tr	I	She watched , nervously gripping the book , and he continued to mumble low , as if in argument .
tr	I	He grinned and I giggled .
tr	I	Then Harriet had continued to teach herself , and her grandmother had taught her to play until she died when Harriet was seven .
tr	I	That had an appeal , but he was the exact opposite of her .
tr	I	When he came back , he only had you , but when she did , Stephan went looking for her .
tr	I	I stroked the silken strands , appreciating the softness , and the gleam of her hair appeared almost silver in the moonlight .
tr	O	I want to see his face , but I don 't look .
tr	I	Now he was soaked and a wave caught him unawares .
tr	O	I wasn 't afraid of him physically , but I didn 't release the chain either .
tr	I	Marco held him back with hundreds of bullets spitting out at Atticus 's hiding spot but atticus tried to fire off a few rounds .
tr	I	He disregarded after a moment , but he stared at it for a moment , trying to decipher the meaning .
tr	O	Lars stopped dead in his tracks but I ran past him to where she had been , just in time to hear the door slam behind her .
tr	I	The ones that didn 't were carried in the talons of others , and most of them had wings .
tr	O	I know cops protect people , but I always feel like they 're after me .
tr	I	She took off for the forest , and that thought galvanized her into action .
tr	I	There appeared to be strands of gold in the firelight , yet he had brown hair .
tr	I	She put hers around mine , and I wrapped my arm around her waist .
tr	O	His aim was dead-on and she hummed her approval .
tr	O	Now here he was , a year later , sitting with a pregnant boxer and slowly going insane because some perpetrator was still at large .
tr	I	Mom lowered her head , and Aislinn swore under her breath .
tr	O	Jasmine 's voice floated out from the sitting room , and I picked up my pace .
tr	O	I took their word for all that they averred , and I became their disciple .
tr	I	While she killed Finn , Alexander made me kill Dean , and first I turned on you .
tr	O	Her heart rate accelerated , but it wasn 't out of fear .
tr	I	I didn 't want her to stop , and her touch sent shivers down my spine .
tr	I	I would have your word on their safety , and I am their mother .
tr	O	A couple chairs were turned over , and desks were moved out of their places .
tr	O	She glared at me in response , but I meant what I had said .
tr	I	If I 'm not , you 'll have to handle things here for a while , but I 'll try to be back by morning .
tr	I	More often than not it was a new girl every time , but according to the clerk , some of them would be the same girls .
tr	O	I walked out to the parking lot , but I didn 't stop there .
tr	I	I clawed at him and my hands found Dom 's face .
tr	I	His question derailed it but a thought occurred to Chris .
tr	I	My heart sank as I realized there never had been , and there was no longer any chance of stopping the path of destruction .
tr	I	When I can 't answer he 'll smell a rat and the policeman will come back with a barrage of Turkish .
tr	O	The barriers opened , and he went in .
tr	I	All that was left to do was wait for spring break and we were set .
tr	I	He knows it , and I want him so badly .
tr	I	Hard it lands a strike faster than a blink and I nail that ball down the lane so fast .
tr	I	I couldn 't help myself from sighing and I looked up into Nick 's sleeping face .
tr	I	She felt that odd sting on her skin and the glow seemed extra bright .
tr	O	I even talked to Dad but he won 't budge either .
tr	O	Ironically , she was sitting there telling Trystan to confess , but she didn 't understand .
tr	I	All my senses were heightened now , but when I was human , I wouldn 't have recognized it .
tr	I	Finn caught my elbow without even looking my way , but I struggled to right myself before I went legs over head in the rack of wetsuits .
tr	I	It was no use , but Callum struggled to escape .
tr	I	Her eyes kept drifting Finn 's way , but she pretended to be absorbed by her food .
tr	I	The guys stopped their car behind her and Andrea pulled into the tiny parking lot .
tr	I	The pack of dogs were already too close , coming toward Ryland at a dead run , with only the fence separating them and the security guards .
tr	O	Parts of him remembered being a journalist once , and he maintained that observational nature even as a patient in the asylum .
tr	I	She might 've thought the alcohol was affecting her or she 'd only drunk half a glass of champagne .
tr	O	Aaron had really done a number on my confidence , and I was only beginning to see how deep the damage went .
tr	O	Bad enough that the Danes outnumbered them two to one , but each ship was big enough to carry an additional fifteen men .
tr	O	Many of you don 't know this , but before Ethan died , he wrote me a letter .
tr	I	He 'd bungled it , and what better excuse for her to hold his hand .
tr	I	I knew that I was playing with fire and I thought back to what had happened before .
tr	O	She still knew Spencer 's number by heart , and it probably wouldn 't be too late to call .
tr	O	Maybe he 'd lost track of time and Ink had kept him shut up in this cabin for days .
tr	I	My mom had been the same way before she 'd died , and sure , my Grandma Frost was the strongest person I knew .
tr	I	His grip only tightened , but she tried to step away .
tr	O	She sounded surprised , but she followed me .
tr	I	They threw themselves to the ground and they were half way to the trees when they heard a shout from the hamlet .
tr	O	The whole place stunk like Will 's track bag , but overall they didn 't run into any major obstacles .
tr	I	You wanted to stick to it and you 'd made a deal .
tr	O	I heard him take a few ragged breaths , and then he was on me .
tr	O	I 'd made sure to cover up my tattoo today , but it felt like she was staring right through to it .
tr	O	I climb into the back seat and MacKenzie gives me a small smile .
tr	O	I don 't know what you 've been told but there are three immediate priorities .
tr	I	Now I 'm still not , and I wasn 't enough for them the first time .
tr	I	Unfortunately you can 't because suddenly there 's a graph , but if that doesn 't interest you , you might like to skip this section !
tr	I	Trouble cost Brainerd money , and his greedy grin fell when Mr. Brainerd started in to complaining about the other laborers who were trying to cause trouble .
tr	O	He swung his legs over the side of the bed and she crawled behind him .
tr	O	I wanted her naked and it was going to happen , right here , under this tree .
tr	O	That arena was big , but I 'd never been to one like this before .
tr	I	She cheered him on when they were older and she soothed his brow when they were children .
tr	I	Another wood panel arose , and it shifted , shook .
tr	O	She didn 't even turn around , knowing no one but Sam would enter without her permission .
tr	O	She wanted to shake off the feeling , and her frustration made her aggressive .
tr	I	They went to the sitting room and when it whistled , she poured two cups .
tr	O	My magic grew stronger and I stood up straighter .
tr	I	Her dagger found its mark , and she demonstrated for him .
tr	O	It hurt a lot , but apparently I was lucky .
tr	I	I did manage to open my eyes , but I wouldn 't say I woke up .
tr	O	Rory has put some flowers in her hair , but just a few daisies stuffed into a bun .
tr	O	I recognized the envelope at once and my heart rose into my throat .
tr	O	We started around a corner , and I heard heavy footsteps .
tr	O	Laila 's face hardens , and she whips around to face him .
tr	I	Her arms were wrapped inside the man 's grip but she tried to reach up to brace her fall .
tr	O	She knew everything and she understood .
tr	I	Abby stopped her , but Rachel pivoted .
tr	O	I waited to hear the front door open , but I heard nothing .
tr	O	He kissed her again and she tasted his pleasure , just as she knew that he would taste hers .
tr	I	She knew somehow they were , but they appeared no different either .
tr	O	Egwene sat up sharply , and at that moment the entire Tower shook as if from an explosion .
tr	O	I snuck a few looks back at him and he gave me a little smile each time .
tr	I	Nothing improved , but this eased his suffering considerably .
tr	I	She didn 't shrink away , but she demanded .
tr	I	She couldn 't do it with his mouth on her , and she needed to think .
tr	O	His face softened , and he put a hand on her shoulder .
tr	O	She managed a self-deprecating chuckle , but he didn 't join in .
tr	O	We consume blood and it feeds us .
tr	O	My headache had faded , but I was asleep .
tr	I	It doesn 't , but I rub them , hoping it would ease the pain .
tr	I	Peter did not let go of my hand , but when the dance ended , we stepped apart .
tr	I	She whirled around and the door opened .
tr	O	The final bids would be checked later and the girls handed over to the man who had made the highest bid .
tr	O	I 'm running out of time , after all , and the afternoon will drag by if I don 't eat something .
tr	O	I ran my hand across the scanner , and the glow faded to a smoldering crimson .
tr	O	She was losing control , and right now , Eric didn 't care .
tr	I	Now she has this new guy and you 've seen her tears almost as much as me .
tr	O	She smiles , and to me , it seems as if her teeth sparkle in the sun .
tr	O	It was either that , or she was one of those few humans who knew that vampires exist amongst them .
tr	O	It was perverse , and so bizarre Reed couldn 't begin to guess why the words were spoken .
tr	O	Mrs. Clark 's familiar rap at the door startled him from his reverie , and he opened the door expecting to see her sour face .
tr	I	If I refused , Maximus could stay locked in this dungeon for centuries , but I 'd sooner face a firing squad than go there .
tr	I	If he ignores them they move on to the next person and they are odd little things .
tr	O	This was supposed to have been a special day , and it had ended so badly that all Evie could feel was disillusioned .
tr	O	Her visit home had been relaxing , and no one had figured out how stressed she was .
tr	I	He was calling a foul , and they were now in overtime .
tr	O	Her billionaire didn 't like taking no for an answer , and this was one occasion when she didn 't mind that in the slightest .
tr	O	She 'd promised to help put on this party , and she was a person who delivered on her promises .
tr	I	There appeared to be no gravity and Bradley was wondering how they were supposed to go down if they were suspended in the air ?
tr	O	Maria echoed her husband 's stance , but the accusing glare she aimed at her son had the edge only a mother is capable of honing .
tr	O	When it did , Sam turned on her as if he 'd tear her to pieces , and Noah got up , just in case .
tr	O	There were signs where other feet had sought a break , and they eventually found it .
tr	I	I disembarked with several other passengers , and the bus approached the Village Players Theater .
tr	O	Every club had bouncers , but these guys looked monstrous .
tr	O	You mapped your journey out carefully or you did a lot of walking .
tr	O	Jen points over at me with a pen , and it 's only now I realize she 's taking notes .
tr	I	She didn 't have access to the Internet , rendering it useless for their purpose , and Mrs. Dawson 's ancient computer was a dinosaur .
tr	I	He could feel the venomous blood slowly evaporating already , but he had a mind to make himself sick .
tr	O	The play provided a platform to talk about these issues buried deep within them and some of it came out in anger .
tr	O	She felt as though she had just been sent to jail , but worse was to come .
tr	I	He hated a mystery , always needing to uncover the truth of any situation and the pieces of the puzzle didn 't fit .
tr	O	I was a stranger in the land of opportunity , and I took advantage the way I never could in Paris .
tr	I	It will appear that you came out on your own , and I drove you here in your car .
tr	O	Daemon groaned louder , but this groan sounded less sincere .
tr	O	Only one name made sense , and people rarely used it .
tr	O	The appearance was of primitive squalor , and security inspectors sent here by the Director seldom stayed for more than a cursory look .
tr	I	At least they were too unbalanced to risk a shot at him , but they came after him from three different directions .
tr	O	I shook my head and he laughed .
tr	I	In case we needed to make a quick escape from the mysterious fog and we packed everything we could into our two backpacks .
tr	O	I had to push back and I know it was foolish .
tr	O	The cold grew colder and she cut her eyes to where the ghost had been .
tr	I	I was the outsider who needed to comfort her , and she was showing motherly concern .
tr	O	The door connecting the cars opened and a uniformed conductor stepped through .
tr	O	It was going to be a tight fit for the DC-3 and it would take all of his ability to get her in .
tr	I	His robes would keep some semblance of cleanliness , and the water would not be so difficult to walk through then .
tr	O	Her eyes went wide and she gripped his arms hard enough to leave bruises .
tr	O	I whispered , but I already knew .
tr	I	It 's amazingly calm , but it isn 't absent .
tr	O	You 're hanging your whole scheme on the two who just left , and you only met them this morning .
tr	I	I do not love them , but I should be grateful for the part they have played .
tr	O	There was too much debris in the roads , and the roads themselves were being demolished .
tr	I	Heather left them this task , and those of the Red were far more competent in manning the engines of war .
tr	I	His warning glare told her this conversation was over but she opened her mouth .
tr	O	I knew that it is going to very hurt me but it 's so hard thinking about something else this time !
tr	I	She gasped to see him so altered , and Jesse showed Ruby a little of that possibility , what he now knew in his heart .
tr	I	Yet she couldn 't bring herself to admit his father 's disapproval had tainted an otherwise successful day and she didn 't like lying to him .
tr	I	She was glad of it , and there were no cats near .
tr	O	My hands clenched at my sides , but I never slowed my step .
tr	O	His phone rang again , and he turned to answer it without waiting for her to reply .
tr	I	She would never abandon that , and all that was left for her was her pride .
tr	O	She 's reached out to me maybe a dozen times over the last thirty years , and I 'm just finally getting around to her now .
tr	I	His eyes flashed to me and this seemed to intrigue him .
tr	I	I went back to my bedroom to get dressed and he hung up .
tr	O	He 'd have to resolve that at some point , he knew , but he was still working out all the details of their marriage .
tr	O	We jogged most of it in silence , and I seriously debated the whole allergy angle .
tr	O	Usually soup is one thing I can get down as long as it is only vegetable , but the smell of it is making my stomach rebel .
tr	I	I don 't claim to be very good at it , but I love to bake .
tr	O	I sensed that he was insane , and I guess my mom did too .
tr	O	I have absolutely no control over my life , and yet I 'm as happy as a fish in deep water .
tr	I	He was a real snarky fellow and the boy 's name was Jerry .
tr	I	I decided I needed a cigarette and all the stuff going on before the wedding turned out to be pretty stressful .
tr	I	She described the children she would build for him and Chris described the house he would build for her .
tr	I	I didn 't think I could stand to see him , but I stopped in the middle of pulling on my gloves .
tr	I	I have risen rapidly in their ranks , and I 'm still new with this lot .
tr	I	Until they had pointed it out it seemed O.K. , and yes , he had said Herbert Hoover .
tr	I	She emailed back the same two words and he sent a short sentence every week .
tr	I	She has an older brother , and Elizabeth is also being raised by both her parents .
tr	O	His knees ached , and his lower back threatened to spasm .
tr	I	I grab his hand , halting him , but he turns .
tr	O	Colton opened his mouth to speak but another wave of pain shot through his body .
tr	O	I walked over to slap him , but my hand just passed through him .
tr	O	I double over , and she takes my face between her hands .
tr	I	Then I 'd miss that blush of hers , but guess I could 've put some clothes on .
tr	I	It takes everything in me not to kiss her , and her lips twist in a cute bow .
tr	O	I reach for him again , but he steps backward .
tr	O	She was a small woman , barely five foot , but she was slender with an athletic , fluid grace .
tr	I	It still felt as fresh as a June day and next week would be October .
tr	O	It was wrong for me to send him away so suddenly , but Bane was my closest friend .
tr	O	This view definitely was more to his taste , and his smile became frankly inviting .
tr	I	It showed , and no , these buildings were made of ordinary steel .
tr	O	He stepped back to put more distance between us , and I had to hide my disappointment .
tr	O	We 've won , but the fighting 's continuing .
tr	I	The next thing she knew , she felt his presence brush her mind , sending her into sleep , and he followed her into the living room .
tr	I	They already a children since last year , and the man lived in friendship with her after their marriage .
tr	I	He would give me onerous detail if I let him , but I felt bad about interrupting .
tr	O	His hands had framed her face and his eyes had locked with hers .
tr	O	He waited for her to say something , but Anna did not know what to say .
tr	O	Gone , no good bye , a note left in the dirt , but he 's alive .
tr	O	She grew more tense as her left hand began rising toward Aria 's face , but she didn 't stop .
tr	O	I ruined our chances the day I agreed to Holly 's stupid idea , and here I am taking the heat for her .
tr	I	Steep , wooded , dark green hills embraced the meadow on the other two sides , and the river bank was lined with ancient white birch trees .
tr	O	My kind are , or we are not .
tr	O	Everyone was benefiting and John was no longer feeling so alone without Kathy around .
tr	I	He took a deep breath to regain his bearings and his booted feet hit the dirt with a thud .
tr	O	Our last conversation hadn 't been exactly pleasant , and he 'd never responded to the message I 'd left on his cell phone .
tr	O	This one was an ordinary jewelry box , and the red jewels sat on soft velvet , glittering in the light .
tr	O	An odd expression crossed her face , and then she glanced at me sideways .
tr	O	He was a proud man at some point in his life and he tried to maintain his pride in his current state of lifestyle disrepair .
tr	O	His expression changed even more this time , and I felt my heart racing .
tr	I	It was obvious she had magnificent taste and the wide windows opened to the street .
tr	O	Saturday came and the camp was deserted .
tr	I	The creature pounced on him , and Eric took one more step .
tr	I	She was getting the hang of it , but you would have killed a robin if you hit it with her first loaf of seven grain bread .
tr	I	His feet became unsteady and he started to feel the heat from above .
tr	O	He rested his hand on her thigh , and Andrea suddenly felt a little less brittle .
tr	I	You never want to get up again couch and his long , white , comfortable , leather , sit down .
tr	O	I hated being controlled , and nobody could break me .
tr	I	I was beyond answering , but I wanted to respond .
tr	I	The family had returned to the clinic and Akane had gone to get the fathers .
tr	O	He was surprised at her question but he shouldn 't have been .
tr	O	The mouth had been cut in the same upward curl and the left eyelid had been sliced away , exposing most of the eyeball .
tr	I	It was safe but it wasn 't comfortable .
tr	I	She simply waved me off with a flick of her fingers , but her dark eyes glittered dangerously .
tr	I	It struck her as familiar , but it was only a movement .
tr	O	he asked when they reached her floor and she shivered slightly .
tr	I	She leaves no doubt it is her but she is not all the way back .
tr	I	His world was fiction and he was a writer .
tr	O	He pointed to his left , and Nick gazed in that direction .
tr	I	I let him worry about me anyway , but other than fatigue , I felt fine .
tr	O	It 'd been converted into a pub and it seemed as good a meeting place as any .
tr	O	The Hummer stopped and he put a hand on my knee .
tr	I	It still offered me no guidance , but that might be a good sign .
tr	I	Then he furrowed his brow like he thought I was stupid , and his eyes met mine .
tr	I	The words had practically leapt out of her mouth , but she immediately wished she could take it back .
tr	O	They 'd spread out and the other one probably heard the sounds of when I made my jump .
tr	O	The chances of success might be small , but it was the only chance he had .
tr	O	He leaned in , and when her breath caught , he didn 't mistake the sudden light in her dark eyes .
tr	I	She catches them and I toss her the keys .
tr	I	She even didn 't notice when she got the first strike and Jonas was smiling frosty from every mirror she was looking at .
tr	I	Yet there are thoughts that arise to me unbidden , and I know only my mind , not any other .
tr	I	He even followed it up by shaking his head , and there was a stiff , disapproving edge to his gaze .
tr	O	I let out a laugh , but Onyx wasn 't amused .
tr	I	The harrowing smirk flashed across the ashen visage , and the bold question sparked a glint of anatomy in the cobalt eyes .
tr	I	He took a deep breath and Acid scalded Alejo 's stomach .
tr	O	His gaze was drawn to the dark curls between her thighs and his mouth watered with the need to taste her .
tr	I	He also didn 't make a habit of going after them , but Daemon didn 't shy away from human females .
tr	I	Olive hovered near him , and Neil sat down beside it .
tr	O	I could barely talk , but somehow he understood me .
tr	I	There were stones all over the ground , but I did not have my gun anymore .
tr	O	You didn 't know about this and it isn 't on your shoulders .
tr	I	It 's all my mother can do to keep us upright and the atmosphere is bashing us around .
tr	O	I 've been piecing this together for quite some time , but this , this is the missing piece .
tr	I	There was food cooking on the stove , and their stuff was still there , though .
tr	O	Again there is a long pause , but then the manly voice comes back .
tr	I	There was nothing immature in her expression but she was young .
tr	I	The flip-top gave way , and it hit the wall .
tr	I	It was hard for me not to eat with gusto , especially since the food was so delicious but I wondered if I should eat more daintily .
tr	O	I try to keep my expression neutral , but inside I 'm screaming .
tr	O	I had little information on such matters , but as he moved , my breath caught .
tr	O	Genie shrugged , and Donnie tended to agree .
tr	I	A muscle was jumping in the line of his jaw and his shoulders were set .
tr	I	She gave a quick nod , but the look on Rose 's face showed she felt as completely unprepared for that as I was .
tr	O	A comma of hair fell across his forehead and he brushed it back .
tr	O	Collin could only get shots of the thirty-something 's back but Amy Holt 's face was clearly visible .
tr	I	I thought I saw stains on the blade and I sneaked a look at it one time .
tr	I	He looks sad , but he smiles .
tr	I	The sound carries forever , and shakes the whole envelope .
tr	I	He knew she was going to come again by the way she tightened up around him and the scent of her arousal marked the air .
tr	O	We charge by the hour though and it may get expensive .
tr	O	Arron 's expression was of shock , but it turned to fury .
tr	O	The Proteus had made a long , sweeping curve and the wall seemed about a hundred feet away , now .
tr	O	Boone guffaws and I know exactly why .
tr	I	Small children showed their parents little souvenirs they had bought in the Cathedral gift shop and Ladies in fine hats sat close together , gossiping .
tr	I	Even if I had been , she didn 't give me the chance , but I wasn 't sure how to reply .
tr	I	I figured I could just add that to my massive list of questions , but he still hadn 't explained how he 'd known about me .
tr	O	It 's barely perceptible , but she inclines her head .
tr	O	I stepped aside , and she moved in .
tr	I	The people within the caves changed often , but Aria did not know who they were .
tr	O	He clearly has an end game , and I want no part in it .
tr	O	Kaylin 's noise barrier was up when she walked in , but I could tell something was wrong .
tr	I	Soul looked past him to see why and his eyes were narrowed in confusion .
tr	I	I 'd have been none the wiser , and you could have gone back to Dallas .
tr	I	I nodded , and my mouth went dry .
tr	O	Several natural tunnels led off of the chamber , and a small rope ladder hung from the bottom of the rift to facilitate going back up .
tr	O	His eyes narrowed , but he said nothing .
tr	O	I was going to give him another hoof in the mouth to try to get him to talk , but the sounds of voices were getting nearer .
tr	O	Ren e sighed , but Martin nodded enthusiastically .
tr	I	They had extra long cables , and with their old car it was a good idea to carry jumper cables .
tr	I	They headed for the door and he turned off the tablet .
tr	O	The youth 's skull caves in and his brain squishes out .
tr	O	She 'd instigated the kiss , and Fellows hadn 't been able to stop himself turning it into a taste of passion .
tr	I	There was chaos all over the city and the LA Riots started late April 1992 .
tr	I	Now the light was freaking killing me , but I 'd been blissfully sleeping moments before .
tr	O	Honor had sustained him these long centuries , not addiction , and it was the only thing he had to offer her .
tr	O	His body was broken beyond repair and he clung to what little life was left .
tr	O	I 'm going to see that she gets it , and then I 'm going to find who did this to her .
tr	O	I gasped , and he put his finger to his lips .
tr	O	Another big wave came , and she stumbled backward again .
tr	I	Grant appeared momentarily at the opening and the door to the plane opened .
tr	O	He tried to compensate but his balance wasn 't good enough to keep up .
tr	I	He took a seat on the other end , and I sat down on the couch .
tr	O	These people seem to have it pretty good , and she doesn 't want to spook them .
tr	I	I would soon be 49 , and Doug would be turning 54 in a couple months .
tr	O	You 'd have to know every detail of the case and how to spin it for this to go the way I think you want it to .
tr	O	I used to think that when people fell in love , they just landed where they landed , and they had no choice in the matter afterward .
tr	O	Often times she 'd denied it to members of their team , but certain death has a way of forcing feelings to the surface .
tr	O	Few of the refugees spoke to her , and they were hesitant to answer her questions .
tr	I	It was nearly a half-hour drive back to the castle , and we had just left the docks .
tr	O	I wondered where the other soldier was , but my question was answered when I saw his severed body lying against a tree .
tr	O	It is the same thing Undine say when forcing their way into thick coral in an emergency , and it feels right to say it now .
tr	I	He would be trapped and if she heard something , she could call the police .
tr	I	William saw her startlingly bright green eyes focus on him and the woman looked up .
tr	O	A game that I 'd kept on playing because people expected me to , and I was good at doing what people expected .
tr	O	Because the room is uneven , I avoided a group , but I can 't ditch my brothers .
tr	O	I desperately wanted to run , but my legs were wooden , stiff as posts .
tr	O	Haul out some of your effete boy humping priests and they 'll concur .
tr	I	The thought of more victims arriving to be exterminated , but it had not been the cold which had sent a shiver down Meyer 's spine .
tr	O	They also said a rumor that the prince -- the king -- had married some duke 's daughter , but they weren 't sure they believed it .
tr	I	No form is unchangeable ; then the universe is always full of new opportunities ; and if nothing exists entirely on it 's own .
tr	I	The family is far too distraught to notice us but I look around the room .
tr	O	Hart had thought , at that moment , that he 'd caught her , but he 'd been a fool .
tr	O	She returned to her chair and there might possibly have been the glimmer of tears in her eyes .
tr	O	I was glad she was getting herself out of the house , but right now I would have given anything for the Ruby buffer .
tr	O	Rocks soar in a jagged arch , but none of their shapes look familiar .
tr	O	I am who I am , but I think I need to see her .
tr	O	The guys laugh , but Realm moves over .
tr	O	The drapes hadn 't been opened , and the room was still dark even though it was early afternoon .
tr	I	The trackers were hard after my family but I wish otherwise .
tr	O	His brow remained furrowed , but he tossed the rock into a trunk .
tr	I	A few moments later , he was standing above the freshly tilled earth , and he shouldered the wind .
tr	I	She didn 't try to help him either , but she didn 't move to attack my friend .
tr	I	No one else knows , but the kids know .
tr	I	Carter was glad it was so , and no other human presence was there .
tr	I	Then his mouth covered hers , kissing away any further response , and his arms circled her waist , squeezing her just as tightly .
tr	I	He still thought he was seventeen most of the time and he was rarely serious .
tr	I	Henry 's eyes danced when he told of her last letter , and she was the source of immense pride .
tr	I	We 'll need to check it often and T is a large wound on her back .
tr	O	He ducked , and it burst into thousands of burning sparks that went out as quickly as they exploded .
tr	O	He hadn 't remembered seeing that poster before , but something about it seemed strangely familiar .
tr	O	Alaina knew little about medicine but the cuts didn 't appear overly serious .
tr	O	He 'd laid out what he wanted , and I knew I had to respect that .
tr	I	It was a little bit nicer , with the exception of her insane roommate , but Trish 's apartment wasn 't as large as mine .
tr	I	It collided with a bolt of electricity that was heading right toward me and he had another one to follow .
tr	O	Luke 's voice was firm and I followed him out of the room , stopping to look back at the bed before I walked out .
tr	I	He coughed uncomfortably , hoping Caroline would change the subject and judging by Lady Hutchinson 's expression , his light-hearted remarks were not appreciated .
tr	I	Then she 'd swayed up to look frantically for Rodrigo , and she 'd kept up her resuscitation efforts until paramedics came .
tr	O	They were not sure what was going on and there was not the desperate rush for the door I had hoped for .
tr	O	She loved working in the hotel and she 'd already made some good friends here .
tr	I	I hope that 's not for you , and that 's not for me , Milton .
tr	I	No harm had been done in borrowing him for the rescue , and it was a relief to know he was back with her .
tr	I	Of course he knew it was , and he wondered a moment if this lowly , backbreaking work was continued punishment for his attempted mutiny .
tr	O	Her heart was racing , and her wolf was pacing in wait .
tr	O	I frowned at him , not understanding what he meant , and then I got it .
tr	O	Their discipline was lost , and they scattered to every corner of the room in disarray .
tr	I	She knew it and her brothers ' drowning was completely her fault .
tr	I	I started to realize I 'd been quick to judge him , like everyone else had me , and he 'd scored a lot of them tonight .
tr	I	They were soft , but her tits were not only on the generous side .
tr	O	He still wasn 't angry with her , but he could tell that his reaction didn 't convey that message to this sweet , terrified woman .
tr	O	Guilt crept back in and I broke away .
tr	O	He chuckles , and I slowly let out a sigh of relief .
tr	I	That was because they revealed only as much of the project to her as she needed to see , but she didn 't know .
tr	O	I thought that from TV , but it isn 't .
tr	O	He was feeling more Italian by the minute , and he needed caffeine .
tr	O	You 're the most honest , wonderful human being I 've ever met in my life and you are always here for me .
tr	O	Her breath hitched and she looked away , even more terrified of how attracted she was to him than the answer to his question .
tr	I	This time , he held her in place , and frowning , he set her away from him .
tr	I	I was caught exactly in the middle , and the cliques had formed within a day .
tr	I	I loved leaving him wanting more of me , but I knew it wasn 't nice to do .
tr	I	He could do well without it and this bordered on worship .
tr	I	The prognosis on compound fractures never looked good , but Nina hoped that the guy 's arm would heal eventually .
tr	O	His breathing deepened and his jaws tightened .
tr	O	He embraces me so tightly , yet somehow I can feel the relief at whatever he sees in his muscles .
tr	I	Ben looked up , a smile on his lined face and Tom approached .
tr	O	The others were blown aside , but you flew in the air .
tr	I	It must have fallen out during the fight ... but he tried to grapple for his flashlight tucked in his vest .
tr	O	He reached for the stele at his belt , but the creature , sensing weakness , was already on him , reaching out its clawed hands .
tr	O	I hadn 't expected this , but I guess I should have .
tr	O	David asked for a glass of water and Xavier poured him a glass of water .
tr	I	Keeping his identity secret was the least of his worries , but he knew how .
tr	I	His steps were leaden as he walked away , and Fade didn 't glance in my direction .
tr	O	I know you want to eat potato chips and you 'll spoil your lunch if you do .
tr	O	I shifted uncomfortably , but at least they didn 't slide in the opposite direction .
tr	I	Some part of her actually hoped it would and she couldn 't promise that wouldn 't happen .
tr	I	He shoots Seth a death glare and Luke 's head whips in his direction .
tr	O	I grab his arm , but he shrugs free , thrusts his arms under the water , then his head .
tr	O	He watched them to ascertain which direction they traveled , and then he did the smartest thing he 'd ever done in his life .
tr	O	He never held back and he was never embarrassed .
tr	O	He was supposed to be an up-and-comer , and he didn 't disappoint .
tr	I	He ordered a drink before McKenzie could tell the woman he wouldn 't be staying long and the waitress came up .
tr	O	The room had cooled significantly , and goose bumps popped up on my arms .
tr	O	Hannah caught only a brief glimpse of it as it scampered into the trees , but she thought it might be a skunk .
tr	I	Then thought I at least owed him an apology , but I 'd intended on fleeing out the back door .
tr	O	My family was struggling , and that was my focus .
tr	O	Bane was a constant presence beside her , and she would not forget his threat .
tr	O	He was also on a power trip where Alec was concerned , and she bore the brunt of his machinations .
tr	I	Things were going to work out the way they should and I wanted to pretend , just for a little while , that everything was normal .
tr	I	You had to have your own cup , but vendors were happy to pour you what you wanted .
tr	O	Turn yourself in or your baby dies .
tr	O	I know you want revenge , but you shouldn 't face this situation alone .
tr	I	I didn 't turn to Kira , but I thought I heard a sound from behind me .
tr	I	Hope someone will show up , obviously no one is going to and we can 't just wait .
tr	I	Jake refused , but I wanted to go back right then .
tr	O	Emma pulled the bandana down , and it fell around her neck .
tr	I	Suzy put her hand over his , stilling his movement and Gray 's finger against her sensitive nub was now almost torture .
tr	I	Then she had a moment of clarity , and she pondered these things .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure how to start , but there was no better time than now to say it .
tr	I	The others might not know it , but Dorian had explained that to Luke .
tr	O	Smiling , he withdrew , and she heard him whisper something to James about how unreasonable women could be .
tr	I	The two brothers were overcome with pain , their minds becoming lost , and the vase shattered into a million pieces .
tr	I	Maybe , maybe , Becca 's right on one count , but it 's too much to think about him right now .
tr	I	Garrett was already gone , but Griffin was laughing as he made the call .
tr	I	The hand wrapped around mine tightened reassuringly , but his smile faltered .
tr	I	It was clear he was in pain but Vincent tried to shake off the blow .
tr	O	Silence returned , punctuated only by the dripping water , and the high wail started again .
tr	I	You don 't have to be and you 're kind to me .
tr	I	The doors opened and the elevator stopped .
tr	I	I wanted her looking to me for them and I saw her looking to him for answers .
tr	I	They 'd tried to reclaim him ever since , and they 'd found out that Brett had survived .
tr	I	Presents exploded and Christmas lights began to pop .
tr	I	The people pour inside , and I open both Bridge doors .
tr	O	When it was sufficiently large , their plasma thrusters fired and they stepped through .
tr	O	She respected Lemuel , and she wasn 't afraid of him ... much .
tr	I	I work the same job I 've had for years , and I live in a garage behind my mother 's house .
tr	O	Arlen cried , and her voice took on a frightened tinge .
tr	O	He kicked out , sweeping the foot she was balanced on out from under her , and she fell back , landing hard on her ass .
tr	I	You annoy me now , and you annoyed me before .
tr	O	I don 't know how she knew , but I believed her .
tr	O	That frightened her , but she couldn 't say why .
tr	O	The street was decorated for the coming holiday and the twinkling lights lit the scene .
tr	I	The sun is dipping fast and I have not killed a meal for us .
tr	O	It was not entirely comforting to be forced to rely on Max Pace for advice , but there was simply no one else to turn to .
tr	O	I had heard dreadful rumors but it cannot be true !
tr	I	Her teeth are jagged yellow fangs , and she grins .
tr	I	I wrap my arms around his neck , pulling him closer to me and my concentration shatters .
tr	I	His breathing grew faster as he pulled the bra apart and he undid the snap between my breasts .
tr	I	My hand shoots up and a hand knocks against the side of my head .
tr	O	Crystal was on my right , and Calvin was on my left .
tr	O	There 's something very strange about her , and I think maybe we should all do what we can to find out just what that is .
tr	I	It was over in an instant , and they were cold from her diet soda .
tr	I	It felt right , but it surprised me .
tr	O	Damn , you did a number on me , and I 've got it bad for you .
tr	O	It didn 't quite touch his lips , but his eyes were full of kindness .
tr	O	Without Yang , Yin was still the most powerful Werewolf ever conceived , but with Yang , Yin was perfection .
tr	I	Slung his rucksack from shoulder to ground , and Walter walked to the base of the cliff , where the sun cast a deep shadow .
tr	I	There was no doubt about that and she had a crush on Thomas .
tr	I	I don 't say it , but I nod my head .
tr	O	Bull filled them in and Susi immediately broke down .
tr	O	Just the thought of the boy I loved had my eyes sparking and my cheeks flushed .
tr	I	He didn 't waste time raging against the kidnapper , and he didn 't respond to the Rev 's rebuke .
tr	I	It wears off quick , but you may be warm now .
tr	O	He downed it quickly and color flooded his skin .
tr	O	I also caught a glimpse of a tattoo on his abdomen , and I made a mental note to ask about it later .
tr	I	A tiny seed of love for him always remained , but she 'd tried countless times to vanquish the feelings .
tr	O	The Council didn 't see me for six days and Merrill didn 't come to see me , either .
tr	I	All he could think of was keeping his sister alive , and it had been snowing that night too .
tr	O	The floor seemed to drop out from underneath him and the vista broadened .
tr	O	The headliner took the stage , and the crowd squeezed in around us .
tr	O	I started for the fence again , but a female scream reached my ears .
tr	O	I 'm sure we have an audience , but I don 't care as I lean into her , forcing her to lean against the bus wall .
tr	O	Once they got the shark off me the pain came rushing back and I lost consciousness .
tr	I	They loosened and she felt his fingers on the ties .
tr	I	He sidestepped into her path , and she attempted to pass him .
tr	I	A light shone from his eyes that hadn 't been there a few moments ago and his smile increased .
tr	I	We still miss her , every day , and those were nine precious years to us .
tr	O	The feel of his hand sent a sweet electrical current up her arm and it reminded her how close she had come to letting Derek kiss her .
tr	I	The boys were watching a movie in the playroom , and Mike sat beside her on the couch playing an online computer game .
tr	O	I did not appreciate how much more relaxed , and adorable , he looked when he mentioned her .
tr	I	She was no more ready for him now , and she had been totally unprepared for Schuyler Kimball a week ago .
tr	O	All cheering silenced instantly and I rose again to my feet , the fingers of both hands coming to my mouth .
tr	I	Voices carried out and we were almost to the driveway when the front door opened .
tr	I	She knew it , and not many had what she had .
tr	O	It sounded like a politician 's speech and even I knew how those usually turned out .
tr	I	I caught it and she tossed it to me .
tr	O	I tried to escape his hold , but he pulled me closer towards him .
tr	I	As I watched his movements , I finally understood what Katie saw in him , and Brandon took another step towards Greyson .
tr	I	The interaction was identical to their first , and it happened the day of Alyssa 's death at the community gardens .
tr	O	She 'd tried her best , but it just hadn 't worked .
tr	O	Neil was too tense from the morning to follow that advice , but he made a beeline for his bed anyway .
tr	I	He would try just the same , but he might die trying .
tr	O	He staggered suddenly under the weight of the load he carried , and his head turned toward me as if drawn by a magnet .
tr	I	Nothing was what it seemed , yet we were just getting started .
tr	I	Then he seemed as sane as could be , and first the man seemed as crazy as a bedbug .
tr	O	Giselle had called him her Judas , but she had never said his name .
tr	O	Maybe they wanted to eat people but they kept getting stepped on first .
tr	I	No one , even his nosy kin , had any say in it whatsoever and their Claiming was their Claiming .
tr	O	Of course he meant the decorating ... but at the thought that maybe he just might mean matters more personal , her foolish heart fluttered .
tr	O	She wanted to say what he wanted to hear , but she wasn 't sure what that was .
tr	O	Even Einstein knew that couldn 't be proven , but he believed in it anyway .
tr	I	There was an underlying vulnerability lurking beneath the surface , but he was so self-contained , so controlled .
tr	O	Riley peeled back the tape and Gumshoe ducked into the apartment .
tr	I	He saw Petra standing there and before he had time to worry , the cabin door opened .
tr	O	A small storage cottage stood among a few tall trees , and Lia strode straight toward it , dragging Shane behind her .
tr	O	He got to his cart and Vincent began loading his bag .
tr	O	Then we lay there , and I let time pass .
tr	I	I had been brutally , cruelly betrayed and I had given up everything for him .
tr	I	It satisfies my sweet tooth , but it 's stale like those pre-packaged cookies that sit on the shelf for months .
tr	I	It 's killing me , and I don 't know what !
tr	O	My head still swam and my knees felt weak .
tr	I	The sun was his only method of navigation and Everything looked the same in all directions .
tr	I	He says he 's in love with me , but I may not be in love with Ryan .
tr	O	The thought was almost a whisper , but it shook Kaitlyn with its strength .
tr	O	I can 't explain it , but you do .
tr	O	Three of the four barn doors on each end still worked , and the fourth one was permanently sealed in a closed position .
tr	I	Greg was barely better , and the men were twitchy .
tr	I	He knew it and I had questions .
tr	I	He stormed out of the salon , but Finn shot Owen another hot glare .
tr	I	She stood atop a cliff shaking a canteen , and she never left .
tr	I	What she read just confused her and she 'd been reading entirely too much .
tr	O	It all seemed a little much but that was this whole situation .
tr	O	Brian urged her toward a chair and she sat .
tr	I	Jaxon found she could lie beside him without fear , and its fragrance was soothing .
tr	O	She had stopped to look , and Joe had stopped as well .
tr	O	The voice was different and Grumpy was carrying some extra baggage strapped to his chest .
tr	I	Eventually you 'll get pinned against the Boomerang Forest , and if you flee north , you 'll end up back in the Quiet Wood .
tr	O	He concentrated and he hummed .
tr	I	Buttercup seemed to know how much I needed her , and I was so lonely .
tr	O	I extend my hand and he reluctantly shakes it .
tr	I	His heart beat faster , and he spotted four of the king 's Silver , guarding the entry .
tr	O	Beautiful books such as this were being made in these Christian compounds , and all were invited into this new faith .
tr	I	I could tell that Cooper had crafted them with the same care he did everything else he made , and they were all beautiful .
tr	I	The Captain returned to his ship and by midmorning the planning was complete .
tr	O	She stepped into the elevator first , and he followed .
tr	O	There was a bit of mist on the lake , and some birds were getting noisy in the trees beside me .
tr	O	She spoke in what she hoped was a soothing voice , but the judge didn 't calm down .
tr	I	I peeked around the edge of that door to assess my competition , and the door to the hall was open .
tr	I	This accentuates mistakes , and Cricket once told me that when you 're tall , your center of balance is also higher .
tr	O	They 're not perfectly clear , and I don 't know why you 're feeling what you 're feeling .
tr	O	Your grandmother 's a wolf , and wolves don 't hold grudges .
tr	I	We left , and Juliet linked her arm with mine .
tr	O	I might be uncomfortable right now , but at least it wasn 't killing me .
tr	I	I knew it was a knife , but I saw only the flash of silver as he jumped up from his seat .
tr	O	Natalie knew what happened , but no one else did .
tr	I	All her worrying was for nothing , and as it turned out , Ronan was right , as usual .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure where to go next and now he was at the junction with the A4 .
tr	I	Despite my desperation , it seemed I broke through to him , but by that time , I was beginning to sound really desperate .
tr	O	His eyes were dancing and she let out a huffy breath .
tr	O	I smiled when the other end went quiet , and I looked at my phone to confirm that the call was dropped .
tr	O	She nestled her head into the crook of his arm , and as her heart slowed she felt herself growing drowsy .
tr	I	None of the men showed fear , and he showed no fear at all .
tr	I	My mind is a blank , but I recognise the name vaguely .
tr	O	Torches flared in the distance , and the beat of drums throbbed nearer amidst waves of tense expectancy .
tr	O	She tried to open her eyes , but they wouldn 't cooperate .
tr	O	she tried to scream , but no words came out .
tr	I	He didn 't quite meet her in the eye as he said , Used to and this time , his lips curved .
tr	I	He wanted her to share it with him , and because this was an important moment in his life .
tr	I	It is pushing me deeper , and Water is heavy like sand .
tr	I	My mother told me he called three times , and I slept until noon yesterday .
tr	I	It would certainly give them a better chance of avoiding prison , but it wasn 't a lot on which to hang their hope .
tr	I	My fry defense quickly fell , and the table vibrated .
tr	I	Now he realised this decision was absolute , but he 'd been certain this was what he wanted .
tr	I	He gets in , and I unlock the door .
tr	O	He could not see the satyrs , but he could hear that they were not far off the path .
tr	I	I am you looking back at me and I am the amber eye looking at you .
tr	O	He was sitting on his back haunches , and Henry could only imagine that should he stand upright he would be roughly seven feet tall .
tr	I	Then the door slammed with a crash that rattled the house , and we heard her climb the steps to the upstairs bedroom .
tr	O	The weather had started to cool off a little bit and it had become pretty cloudy .
tr	O	It 's hard to say this now , but it may have been for the best .
tr	O	He was fine with orange juice , but Sandra couldn 't function without her coffee in the morning .
tr	O	He was the one who asked me up and he was the one who made the move .
tr	O	The black curls inched up his neck , and I caught a sliver more of his tanned cheek .
tr	O	She pushed to her feet as Blake and his entourage stood .
tr	I	Then his head cleared , and he felt a wave of intense dizziness .
tr	O	She was almost nine and she was beautiful .
tr	O	He struggled to watch but the song distracted him .
tr	I	The bus driver closed the doors and Jason climbed the stairs behind me .
tr	O	In there somewhere was another Great Philosophical Question to be posed , and Ogg was obviously wanting Antonia to pose it .
tr	I	One act , one miniscule moment without valor , to destroy everything you 've ever stood for but it takes .
tr	O	I look into his mind and I see his doubt .
tr	I	He could feel his fang teeth snap out , and Simon was making a noise low in his own throat , a sort of vampire hiss .
tr	I	Her head jerked around , her eyes opening , and the word echoed sharply in Rachel 's mind .
tr	I	She met him stroke for stroke , tasting him , and he stroked his tongue along her own .
tr	I	There is some kind of black mist beneath the bridge , but I can 't see what is beyond the castle .
tr	I	The shadows eventually grew to encompass it , but # Time passed slowly in the camp .
tr	I	There were suddenly two people whom he was now very keen to dispose of , yet good Lord , he 'd never considered resorting to murder before .
tr	I	Slowly he lowered his hand , and there was another little chirp .
tr	I	You can keep yours but she will change her name back to Winters from Peters .
tr	O	His legs hit the edge of his bed , and he folded down , cradling me close to him .
tr	I	Janelle blinked , but the gray spiral on the floor seemed to twist for a second .
tr	O	I look up at Asher and he kisses my nose again .
tr	I	I heard a distinctly male voice telling us to come in and he knocked .
tr	O	There are 400,000 people on Malta and half of them live in Valletta .
tr	I	I wasn 't in the mood to tell her what had happened , and Ava was gone when I 'd crept out of Persephone 's room .
tr	I	When Georgie took a shower , the water ran rainbows , and he kept a set of Prismacolor markers by his bed .
tr	O	I gave a growl and it brought me enough out of sleep to realize I wasn 't dreaming the sound .
tr	O	A sharp slap rocked the head on my shoulders and I blinked open my eyes .
tr	O	It might not help , but then again it might .
tr	I	He grabbed it , but I began to lower my hand .
tr	O	She was fine , but they just said ... Oh my God .
tr	O	She discovered behind curtains , in corners of wardrobes , and under straw mattresses every little toy she 'd ever owned .
tr	O	The two men finished loading the wagon and Sutter dropped the end board into place .
tr	I	After she was finished with Brady , she was never giving it back to Hayden , and it was Liz 's favorite chair in the whole building .
tr	O	Marcus looked perplexed , and I remembered he didn 't know the whole history .
tr	O	I already suspect , of course , but his life with Adele fascinates me .
tr	I	It was probably not all that long before I first stumbled onto The Brotherhood , but nobody knows when it happened .
tr	I	I have to warn you , but it isn 't that far .
tr	O	Her hands were doing more than their share as it was and she knew she needed to hire someone to cook for them .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure what to think about this , but I trusted Fang .
tr	I	Keeping the manuscript open , carefully carried it from the room , and the scribe hastily blotted the page he had been working on .
tr	I	My own reaction is very straightforward , but I could bore you with a lot of projected scenarios which could be manipulated if we were to proceed .
tr	I	That instinct had never let him down yet and Simon tended to go with his gut on big decisions .
tr	I	She hits the last button and she shakes her head .
tr	O	She holds the rock up in front of her , showing me , and a grin spreads across her face .
tr	O	He was my Dominant and I was his submissive .
tr	I	He could swear it was there , but it was purely a mental illusion .
tr	I	He smiled , stroking her hair for a moment , and she nodded .
tr	I	Then it evaporated into the air above her head , and the fire warped her skin immediately , too thin to do anything else .
tr	O	Fresh air hit me like and I welcomed it .
tr	O	Fully a third of them would normally be asleep at this hour , but they did not want to miss this moment .
tr	I	He had to get his head clear , but he should go to her .
tr	O	Tiberius waited a second for an objection , but none was forthcoming .
tr	I	The wall was behind her , but she tried to back away .
tr	I	He looked terrified , and he had my food .
tr	O	Trapper thought his mom was going to be furious , but instead she said she was so proud of him .
tr	O	Charlie didn 't quite drop the phone , but he came close to doing so .
tr	I	Then , without further hesitation , she accepted , and Isis looked at his palm .
tr	I	She hadn 't been to bed yet , and it was almost nine in the morning .
tr	O	I opened my mouth with a horrified protest , but she stopped me .
tr	O	Brooks shouted something but Jacobs ignored it .
tr	I	She doesn 't let anybody use it , but they got a phone inside behind the bar .
tr	I	A night on the town appealed to him , and there could well be a reason to celebrate .
tr	I	She raised her eyebrows , and I looked at Kim .
tr	O	Well , I 'm sure they were curious too , but they were checking me out for Candy .
tr	O	He didn 't elaborate , but Lewis quickly filled in .
tr	O	John groaned , and Sarah could tell he was not too pleased .
tr	O	She could understand the flowers , since she grew a few in her underground home , but she had no idea about the mint .
tr	I	Logan waved me off , but I tried to protest .
tr	I	I do not know , and I have heard the tale told in a hundred halls by a thousand tongues .
tr	O	Jack looked over to the boy without saying a word and a calm came over him .
tr	I	Neither of us , in our naive selfishness , could bear such a thought , and they wanted us separated .
tr	O	Emma couldn 't tell her the truth , and all the lies made the distance between them feel too great to cross .
tr	I	Her behavior was erratic , and I couldn 't have any time to myself .
tr	O	That fear of her feelings would make her run , but he was willing to wait for her .
tr	O	Noelle knew the words he said , but it took several seconds for her to process them into something she could understand .
tr	O	Nick had been expecting a man , but he shrugged it off .
tr	I	They exchanged grins and Quil nudged Embry 's arm .
tr	I	She took a step back , pulling me with her , and Beth let out a smal gasp .
tr	I	It was stolen from him and I told him to bury it deep so no one would ever find it that could use it .
tr	O	It is a sad fact , but we do not know whom we can trust beyond ourselves .
tr	I	I quickly saw why , and the soldiers wore caps like the Judaic do .
tr	I	He doesn 't believe in me , but he knows Bobby didn 't write that list on his own .
tr	O	He wasn 't bleeding badly from either injury , but he felt himself shaking in sheer exhaustion .
tr	O	She seemed to be a little spitfire but he didn 't mind that at all .
tr	O	The birds were singing madly , and the temperature was still comfortable , probably in the high seventies .
tr	I	I couldn 't get away fast enough and I know Greg did it only because I 'm the smallest one on the line .
tr	O	Julian held her hand all the time and he didn 't notice that she had fever .
tr	I	Her aim was steady as she punched him squarely in the chest , but Kira 's breathing was labored .
tr	I	Yet , she couldn 't find it in her heart to blame him and he was the reason for this pretense .
tr	O	Nicola followed , still sniffling , but she followed .
tr	O	Aidan 's laughter was a vibration between us , but he kept on kissing me as his hands dropped to help mine .
tr	O	We 're not an easy community to break into , but those who do are part of something bigger than themselves .
tr	O	People liked to imagine they were free to choose their own lives , but Beth had learned that choice was sometimes illusory .
tr	O	He was soaked on the outside , and she was soaked on the inside .
tr	O	They aren 't watching where they 're going , and one boy nearly collides with us .
tr	O	The men were gone but the Fat Man remained where they 'd left him .
tr	I	We could see that the photo had been taken on February 14th 2004 and a new panel opened up .
tr	I	I thought she might pass out , and Marcus patted her on the back .
tr	O	Magnus asked , absently , stil watching Will , and the light sparking off the Thames behind him .
tr	O	A story to frighten children , but that thing outside was real .
tr	O	She kept asking me who , but I didn 't know .
tr	O	His name was Desmond , and he lived in Villanova .
tr	I	I so little , and Plus , Orpheus knew so much about it .
tr	O	The door clicked closed and the lab was thankfully silent .
tr	I	It snagged a few inches down and her fingers fumbled with the zipper .
tr	I	He forced himself to stop and his knee began to bounce .
tr	O	Her name was Jessica , and I was already smitten with her .
tr	I	Calvin set his watch alarm ten minutes earlier and Mike told them what time to be back .
tr	I	I hadn 't even met them yet , and I couldn 't stand his parents .
tr	I	Walt wasn 't taking chances and it sounded very suspicious .
tr	I	A distinct laughter rose above the rest and bold male laughter bounced around the classroom .
tr	I	I kept it from moving an inch , but he again tried to close the door .
tr	O	We enjoy the hour and it seems like everything is normal again .
tr	O	Everything is spinning , and I cannot stand .
tr	I	The blade slid back into the weapon , and Alyosha pressed the extrusion on the staff .
tr	I	She marched the rest of the way over to his desk , snapping the plastic card down on the dark wood and her spine stiffened .
tr	O	Finally we reached altitude , and the whirring calmed down .
tr	O	There was no curfew because there was no place to go , but the Party Room closed at ten .
tr	O	The sweetness hit him immediately and he moaned in pleasure .
tr	I	I 'm hoping it 's all coincidence and it 's all beginning to piece together .
tr	O	M cuts across the street , directly across our exit route , and I floor the accelerator .
tr	I	Sam had always paid on delivery , but we had a few days to pay it .
tr	O	I tried almost everything painfully possible and yet it didn 't work .
tr	I	If Charley didn 't get that truck running in the next few minutes , we were all dead and zombies were coming our way .
tr	O	She laughed and her dimples returned .
tr	I	Still he talked on about minor events , yet nothing he said to us was significant .
tr	O	There was no fanfare at her arrival and she didn 't expect it .
tr	O	The kelp itself often garbled radio communication , but this time it seemed to embellish it .
tr	I	She was not wrong , and Sadie assumed he must be about to perform for them also .
tr	O	He knew Bandini would be doing everything possible to hunt him down , and he had no intention of helping the odds in Bandini 's favor .
tr	I	He would never have let me go and he would have followed me to the ends of the earth , because I belonged to him .
tr	O	She wasn 't blameless , not by a long shot , but she wasn 't alone in this either .
tr	O	When Vincent found me I was dying and he turned me to save my life .
tr	I	Eventually she stopped doing anything to convince him otherwise , and Robert thought a credit card would keep her happy .
tr	O	The ghost materialized right in front of Kylie , and she looked panicked , scared .
tr	O	I really didn 't want to reveal all of Noah 's private confessions , but I also wanted Lana to like him .
tr	O	A face came into view and Avril gasped next to me .
tr	I	This was but the precursor to something more delightful , and it was mere child 's play to manipulate them .
tr	O	I motioned to welcome him but I was stopped by Shade 's outstretched arm .
tr	I	I scoot closer and I feel his hand flex on my hip where he 's holding me .
tr	O	I knocked on the door and a second later a voice replied .
tr	I	She glanced to Hera before looking back at Zeus and her eyebrows flew up .
tr	I	Then again I don 't but I know him .
tr	I	He switched his game on her , but she tensed .
tr	O	Diggs ' Jeep was gone when I pulled in , but Jack 's Honda Civic was parked out front .
tr	I	Pippa caught herself checking him out , and he led the way up the stairs .
tr	O	The drive would take more than an hour but that gave them a chance to catch up .
tr	I	You must allow me to take you there one day and I know a great restaurant there .
tr	O	I knew her struggle had a source and it drew me in .
tr	I	He wants me to keep an eye on things for him , but Dad has a PR firm .
tr	I	That hurts and just remembering it is making me shiver .
tr	I	Ash was already gone , and the flowers had faded .
tr	I	Her cold gaze flicked to Phillip , but she started to hit me with the stun gun a third time .
tr	I	I 'll be careful and I won 't go too fast .
tr	I	The tone stringing them together was clear , but she couldn 't understand any of them .
tr	O	He smiled , and it was a real smile .
tr	I	He became cooperative , and five FBI badges napped in his face .
tr	O	Fire is very dangerous and you must learn how to use it !
tr	I	He nodded his head , and I looked at Declan .
tr	I	The guy didn 't answer for a sec , and I asked curiously .
tr	O	There was only one thing to do and he laid it out .
tr	I	I 'm still going to hit Tony , but it was just a dream .
tr	I	He still rarely looks back at me and he doesn 't speak for a moment .
tr	O	I leapt into the back of the truck , and he handed me the paint .
tr	O	This meant something to him and I was just enjoying the idea of being wanted .
tr	I	That would have sounded pathetic so I kept my mouth shut , but more than me , I wanted to add .
tr	I	I think she might without me -- and I won 't let her die .
tr	I	The ship 's bottom half remained a charred , destroyed block , and the beams dissipated .
tr	I	I could suddenly see the symmetry underlying her deformity , and she met my eyes .
tr	O	She brought Mallory straight up to her face and she looked beyond him at Colin with love shining in her eyes .
tr	O	He wanted to scoot across the bed after her , but he couldn 't - not with this damn leg .
tr	O	The Girls in Red stepped inside and the door slid closed behind them .
tr	O	He sucked her sensitive nub into his mouth and she jerked with the powerful orgasm that washed through her .
tr	I	It was unwarranted , but she appreciated his concern .
tr	I	He was concentrating on his plate , but Mandy glanced over at Buddy .
tr	O	I 'd never noticed Cash smelling particularly amazing , but he was also my brother .
tr	I	The dog jumped up and he patted the spot next to them on the sofa .
tr	O	He wanted to howl his rage into the teeth of the storm , but he made himself take a couple of minutes to search the cabin .
tr	O	His father could wear both coats , and the things he would do in each were different .
tr	I	What I did know was I 'd never felt this way before , but I had no idea what I was feeling .
tr	I	Her brow was furrowed like a child angry at being scolded and she was still frowning .
tr	O	Joshua was practically begging me to tell him who the girl I kissed was , but I knew better .
tr	I	The screaming of the crowd fades out and I quickly answer it as enter the food area .
tr	O	He looked comfortable , but his eyes were yellow stones filled with anger .
tr	I	Roman now knew exactly what he had to say to Charlotte , and his pacing time tonight had given him the opportunity to think .
tr	I	These people were worse , but a regular human was bad .
tr	I	It was a slow , slow ride , and they were headed from the eastern suburbs to the western .
tr	O	She looked thoughtful as she chewed , and Claire felt unable to turn away .
tr	I	Teague flashed him a quick glance , and it was the first thing he 'd contributed to the conversation .
tr	I	Fear extinguished it , but fury stoked inside him .
tr	O	I kissed Doyle first , and he had to bend down to help me do it , then I kissed Rhys .
tr	O	She told me where I could find her and I was out the door a minute later .
tr	O	Twice he 'd made love to her , and twice he 'd needed to clean her .
tr	I	I remembered something in my bag , and we walked out into the cold .
tr	I	I could smell incense , and there were candles burning .
tr	O	My left hand clenched into a fist and I felt a tingling along my wrist .
tr	I	His gut tightened but Dimitri didn 't pause .
tr	O	He knew I found him attractive , and he made no secret of it .
tr	I	I took a moment to admire his big shoulders , and he gave me a playful grin as he strode down the hall .
tr	O	At one point he thought Dave 's foot would have to be amputated to get him out , and Dave urged him to cut it off .
tr	O	Those little sleep shorts pressed into my stomach , and I dug my fingers into the supple flesh .
tr	O	There was no return address , yet suspicion curled within him .
tr	I	She gave it to me and I asked for your number .
tr	O	He helped her up and she leaned against him .
tr	I	He peered into the rearview mirror and there were more honks behind Nick .
tr	I	I 'm covered in muck , but the mud cushions the fall .
tr	I	I 'm too tired , but I 'd kiss him .
tr	I	Thoughts of Marco have me wide awake , but I should 've been asleep hours ago .
tr	I	We discussed their trip to London and Sir Richard returned from his phone call .
tr	I	It was watered-down junk but Raja tried a drink .
tr	O	I start to get out of my chair , but Derek holds up a hand .
tr	O	The voice replied and he waited impatiently .
tr	I	She started to grow concerned as the evening set in and her first few stops proved to be fruitless .
tr	I	I hadn 't even seen him move , and he had a Glock in his hand .
tr	I	Supper would hopefully be a good one and the evening would be cool .
tr	I	It sounded like there were more bodies behind him crashing towards us , and Paul 's voice was closer , nearly upon us .
tr	O	Jordan hesitated , aware that daylight was slipping past , but his fascination rapidly won out over his common sense .
tr	I	He looked angry , and it was Jason .
tr	O	He was relentless and she was demanding .
tr	I	Then he shifted out , not even saying goodbye , and we stared at each other for a few seconds .
tr	O	I had access to some other books , but I doubted I 'd find anything useful .
tr	O	Emily knew she should shut up , but she couldn 't control her mouth .
tr	O	He handed the phone to me and I winced as I looked at a photo of a beaten up Adam Hendricks .
tr	I	I noticed something on the far side of the room and I surveyed our surroundings .
tr	O	I don 't hurt them girls and it makes me feel real good .
tr	O	She playfully slaps my arm again and I cover the area with my hand .
tr	I	They 'd be one big happy Blythe family , and now we just needed to get Tate here .
tr	O	He cocked an eyebrow at me , and I laughed , shaking my head .
tr	O	The follow-up combo misses the mark , and the agile ninja slides between Rift 's legs through the grass .
tr	O	Was I here or wasn 't I ?
tr	I	The panel remained intact but a spider web of cracks stretched across the passenger window .
tr	O	If I could just make it inside the school then , hopefully , there 'd be other people around , and I might be okay .
tr	I	That caring makes them vulnerable , and they cared enough to come after you once .
tr	I	Her throat was dry , but she tried to swallow .
tr	O	The torchlight helped to illuminate a path ahead of him , and he saw a pile of boxes stacked in a corner .
tr	I	I knew what Mage was worried about but we could 've easily outrun the trucks .
tr	I	He 'd rapidly moved into management , and I 'd given him his first job , right out of college .
tr	I	One look at Jem stopped her , but Tessa almost said .
tr	O	Two ghosts were standing there , but only she could see them .
tr	I	They took one another for granted , and they knew each other too well .
tr	I	Due to be married , and we were in love .
tr	I	We were too fast for her , but Van tried to grab it first .
tr	O	The Dark Shadowhunters didn 't seem to feel much fear , and they died without screaming .
tr	O	Keller stared , and then her insides plummeted .
tr	O	When I drew away she snuggled closer , and I sighed .
tr	O	Glen Miller played me to sleep through the walls , and I dreamed I was dancing on a beach in Brazil with my photographer .
tr	O	Rafe 's grandparents were both Vampires , but they raised his mother .
tr	O	One man was slumped over and two were holding their heads .
tr	O	Zane asked curiously and I shrugged .
tr	O	He yelled out many obscenities but he didn 't repeat any one of them twice .
tr	I	He felt the hot sun on his neck , and Sweat poured down his face as he walked .
tr	O	Lydia noticed that some of the employees seemed to be Indian , but the waitress was white .
tr	O	It is passing , but it is enough .
tr	I	She was curious enough to press the issue , but warning bells went off in Rebecca 's head .
tr	O	The growing feeling inside me escalated , and I knew I wanted whatever it was .
tr	I	Now we know the reason and someone with connections had you assigned to that crew .
tr	O	We began moving faster , and we reached the house just as dark fell .
tr	O	It was late in the afternoon , but the chapel lights weren 't on .
tr	I	There are designs etched into the stone of the dome , and the dome is a burnt orange color .
tr	I	Softly cal ed his name and I tapped my fingers lightly on his cheek .
tr	O	He was his usual gracious self when he came stumping up the stairs to my tower on the morning after the night Pol and I got home .
tr	I	Andrew wasn 't far behind him , and Kevin got back on the court with a racquet in his right hand .
tr	O	* The ship had steadied , but Printer suspected this was temporary .
tr	O	I had complete faith in my teacher and I followed him , where he took me to .
tr	I	Her gorgeous eyes focused immediately and her posture bolted more upright .
tr	I	It was implied , but my being a possible Lycan was also not specifically mentioned by name either .
tr	O	Aiden held it in his calloused hand , and the charm fell to the ground .
tr	I	This was even worse , but I thought I was used to humidity after growing up in Charleston .
tr	O	His hand touched the small of my back , and we started down the road to Cincinnati .
tr	I	Michael let go first , and Claire cleared her throat .
tr	O	The navy is first with you now and I 'll always be a poor second .
tr	I	She sighed deeply and her posture drooped though .
tr	I	She 'd fall apart or she had to believe that .
tr	O	She had gotten herself back , and she knew her own worth .
tr	O	He 'd already given it over to her , and she could do whatever she wanted with it .
tr	I	I was only two inches shorter , but he towered over me .
tr	I	The water was lightening and the seabed was rising .
tr	I	He would start his journey home and it would only be another forty five seconds .
tr	I	I wanted to savor every moment I had spent with Cassius , and morning would come sooner than I was prepared for .
tr	O	I think I know what you 're worried about , but I meant what I said .
tr	O	President Davis continued taking over , and no one could stop him .
tr	O	They gleamed in triumph , and his smile was one of complete satisfaction .
tr	I	We 'd gone to lunch at some cute chic restaurant in Soho , and it had been a Saturday .
tr	O	Nervousness wasn 't fear , but it was a start .
tr	I	She glanced at the street out the window , and a motorcycle engine revved .
tr	I	He had curtains of pitch black hair ... And he was dressed in a black cloak .
tr	I	They were right and they knew her greed wouldn 't keep her waiting long .
tr	O	I 'm not sure what he means , but I want to find out .
tr	O	I rationalized that prescription medicine in the wrong doses wasn 't good for me either , but sometimes I needed it .
tr	O	The risk she was taking frightened her , yet she knew she couldn 't go back .
tr	O	The curiosities that were found were stored in the vault at Arcane House in England , but several vanished during the Second World War .
tr	I	It 's too late to take it back , but which I immediately realize is kind of wrong .
tr	O	He 'd once told her so , but she 'd had trouble believing him .
tr	O	David was four years older than Kerri , and she had a huge crush on him .
tr	O	The twins had never kept anything from each other and they weren 't about to start now just because they were about to be married .
tr	I	His breath came in deep , rough gasps and still he held her hard against his loins .
tr	I	Her romantic heart took over , and she could see the worry in his face .
tr	I	They promoted from within , and Norcross had good benefits .
tr	I	Milo let out a startled cry , and her words echoed throughout the nursery .
tr	I	He looked my way and I squeezed his hand .
tr	O	All of the vigilantes are gifted , but none of them can make light .
tr	O	I 'd failed , and now I had to let him go .
tr	I	It has a happy ending , but it 's no fairy tale .
tr	I	He let out a short laugh and his gaze dropped to the guns .
tr	O	He 's pretty much the perfect guy - but he 's just not my perfect guy .
tr	I	I seemed to be gaining on my enemies , but I could barely breathe anymore .
tr	I	She shook her head and he held up the china creamer .
tr	O	It was a cozy cottage , not brightly lit but glowing brightly from a small fire in the hearth .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure if she was still listening because she was crying so hard , but I had to tell her .
tr	O	The crowds were thicker here , and most people were heading in the same direction .
tr	O	She was still convinced she was dreaming but the churning inside her felt very real .
tr	O	Katherine struggled for a response , but no words came .
tr	I	She shivered anyway , but the shirt prevented his breath from caressing her .
tr	I	His eyes softened slightly , but he didn 't say anything .
tr	I	She didn 't want it , but she understood it .
tr	O	Roy charged at the vampires and they knocked him aside like he was a fly .
tr	I	Woman 's , as the case may be , or vampire hunting was a young man 's game .
tr	O	Peter made cute babies , and she wouldn 't change them for the world .
tr	O	His brother might have taken the wrong path , but he still deserved an honorable death .
tr	I	Kennan landed three more strikes consecutively and they went back to fighting .
tr	I	They were all doomed or it had to be done .
tr	I	He sat up and his eyes looked worried .
tr	I	The others follow behind and I crawl in awkwardly .
tr	I	Like my dad says , I have to stick it out until the end , but my brain could not keep up with all the stupid numbers .
tr	O	I put on my little black dress , high boots , and I curled my hair .
tr	I	He 'd taken it all in stride , and the first thing she 'd done had been to insult him , question his competence .
tr	I	I smiled , and he fought a drowsy smile , apparently liking the way I said it .
tr	O	His American shaving kit had been left behind in Warsaw , and he had not asked to borrow a razor from Karol .
tr	O	Except one day the daydream ends and I go to war .
tr	O	He could handle himself and that wasn 't good .
tr	O	She needed to check in , but she was denied visitors until the military gave the okay .
tr	I	He certainly enjoyed it when the opportunity came , but he didn 't drive much .
tr	I	I hesitated , and she slipped through the final piece of plastic .
tr	O	He wasn 't exactly sure why , but it felt right .
tr	I	He didn 't feel sad any longer , but many times he thought of his mother .
tr	I	The mayor knocked me back , but I ran toward James .
tr	I	Then the nightmare would begin again , and the longer I spoke to anyone , the greater the chance that They would notice .
tr	O	She couldn 't imagine him much crazier than he 'd already proven to be , but she chose not to verbalize that thought .
tr	O	She had been a thorn in my side for several millennia and she had never been more devious than she was as Morgan .
tr	I	Voss released the handle , stepping lightly onto the ground , and the carriage had come to a complete stop in the back alley behind Maude 's .
tr	I	She was speaking over the murmur of male voices , but he could hear Ava speaking .
tr	I	Somehow he must have sensed her hesitation , but it was short , just a kiss of greeting .
tr	I	It was uncommon for Marie to call this early , but she regretted taking the phone call the second she did .
tr	I	The words wouldn 't come out , but I opened my mouth to speak .
tr	I	I thought of what Torin had said , and mom made a noncommittal sound in reply .
tr	O	The key ring was back on its nail , but the only key remaining was to the tractor .
tr	O	The infected were attacking him from all sides , but he still managed to keep them at bay .
tr	O	Just give me the case back and we 'll be even .
tr	I	I laughed and Zane made a face .
tr	O	When Sheridan woke up , it was daylight and she found Cain sitting next to her bed .
tr	I	I feel relieved that she is okay and I see Victoria talking with her friends .
tr	O	We might not be marching an army to face the horde , but this , we could do .
tr	O	I tucked my face into his neck and I sobbed .
tr	O	He had tried several spells but none had prevail .
tr	O	It required all his strength just to raise it , and then it shook erratically .
tr	O	Maybe it was her overactive imagination again , but her gut told her there was trouble on the horizon .
tr	I	She returned it and it was contagious .
tr	I	He could see her breasts touching the edge of his desk , and Lara leaned forward .
tr	O	Her pale blonde hair was pulled into a classic chignon and her face was devoid of the makeup that funded her firm .
tr	O	We could do whatever we wanted , and they would never find out .
tr	I	I turn away , pretending to fume , but a rush of something goes through me .
tr	I	There was too much to do but she wanted to ask more questions .
tr	I	They would meet us there , and Lydia said that she would tell the others .
tr	O	The groans he received in response were more sincere this time , and Dennis kicked his friend in the heel to shut him up .
tr	O	Her head rested on his chest , and she listened to the strong , steady beat of his heart .
tr	I	She stayed transfixed long after he left and it was not a casual kiss .
tr	I	Her pulse was erratic and straight away she became unconscious .
tr	O	He was so much taller than me now , and he 'd cropped his dark curls short .
tr	O	No one was stirring , but I couldn 't sleep .
tr	O	She 'd called to remind me and I 'd hung up on her .
tr	O	She might not love him anymore , but she didn 't begrudge him happiness .
tr	I	She felt she could easily eat another plate full and the plate was soon empty .
tr	O	As I spoke , my teeth cut my lip , and the coppery taste of blood filled my mouth .
tr	O	His grip on my wrist tightened and I saw desire harden his face .
tr	I	I 'll think about it , but I won 't get one .
tr	O	I 'd fallen sideways , and my right hand was trapped .
tr	O	I don 't know what it once was , but it has been there for as long as I can remember back into my own childhood .
tr	O	I felt suffocated because all her attention was on me all the time , and I didn 't feel the same way about her .
tr	I	She could not place it , but she was startled she recognized the voice .
tr	O	The shapeshifter looked briefly at the control panel and the buttons lit up by Josie 's fingers .
tr	I	Eleanor found it difficult to get used to all the splendor , but Lord Ramsay took living in Hart 's Grosvenor Square mansion in stride .
tr	I	I didn 't want to ruin the rapport we had going and it was pretty much all because I wanted to see Lucky .
tr	I	It still wasn 't right , but they obviously weren 't together at the time .
tr	I	He retired to his apartment as he always does , and we had a glass of wine together about ten .
tr	O	My eyelids drooped , and I struggled to stay on my feet , leaning against the wall to hold myself up .
tr	I	I was sixteen when Ma died and I 'd just turned fourteen when Pa passed .
tr	I	We hooked up every night for the next week and I spent the night with him .
tr	O	Tyler 's arm tightened around her as his muscles locked up and he sent Blake a glare .
tr	O	I am lost and I 'm scared .
tr	I	Julianna shook her head , her golden hair catching the light but I raised my eyebrows .
tr	O	he cried , showing his pointy teeth in a fierce grimace but his eyes shifted behind me to where the pretty one stood .
tr	O	She knew she couldn 't hold the shape long , but a second was all she needed .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure why and there seemed to be a little bit of loneliness around him .
tr	O	No one spoke for another hour until the sun started to set and the small town came into view .
tr	O	I hadn 't remembered to tell my father that bit of news , but my eye color was the last thing I 'd been thinking about .
tr	O	Again there was that nagging sense of familiarity , but she couldn 't quite grasp what it was .
tr	O	It ´ s Mario and I ´ m so glad to see him .
tr	I	He seemed to be reading my mind , but I hadn 't noticed anything strange .
tr	O	The simple movement caused his chest to rub against mine , and I had to bite my lip to keep from moaning .
tr	I	She watched the trees rustle in the breeze and the cattle were running across the fields below .
tr	O	They went in through a window and they never come out .
tr	O	No one had died , but there were serious injuries .
tr	I	Cat 's smile was bland , devoid of any of her husband 's thinly veiled antagonism , but she eyed the redhead warily .
tr	O	Mia felt her muscles start to object and she knew she had to slow down .
tr	I	I was too upset to find it even faintly funny , but Acacia snorted .
tr	O	He 'd been working construction in Louisiana and even though the jobs paid decent wages they had been dangerous .
tr	O	Sara tried to scream but her throat closed off .
tr	I	Then they took him away , and Cy struggled as they apprehended him .
tr	I	I have no voice , but I want to scream .
tr	I	He stopped , looking away from Brandt , and the dream flashed across his memory again .
tr	O	College wasn 't my thing and I dropped out after just two semesters .
tr	I	I 'd sleep all day , and in the morning I 'd be exhausted .
tr	O	He guessed those didn 't work , either , but it was too late to check .
tr	O	Melanie 's curves made her look soft , but she had a backbone of steel .
tr	I	I don 't want him to stop , but he shouldn 't say things like that .
tr	I	We advanced towards them , and I yelled .
tr	I	My soul was the moth , and his brown eyes were flames .
tr	I	Kai is pointing in the other direction , directly at Ervin , but she looks to where she thinks the noise came from .
tr	O	Gavin takes the wheel and we 're gliding our way out onto open water .
tr	O	Morgan extended his hand to her , and a loving smile came to his face .
tr	O	It would probably keep Charlotte from breaking my neck , but then everyone would know what I was carrying wrapped in my bathrobe .
tr	O	A smile tickled his voice , and a shiver ran down her back .
tr	I	I just didn 't feel it , but maybe she deserved one .
tr	I	For the stinging wounds he had suffered at their hands in past , and he would make them pay for straying too close to his nest .
tr	I	Aly giggled and I groaned .
tr	O	A blanket lay rumpled in a pile on the couch , and I could hear water running from a faucet in the bathroom .
tr	I	Every time I see you , you seem angry at me , but since you moved next door , I 've tried to be nice .
tr	I	He never got to hear it but she seemed about to say something .
tr	I	That 's all that mattered and Jackson was with me now .
tr	O	She did not want to see what he was going to do , and she would not be able to stop him either .
tr	I	His eyes lose their focus and all this runs through his head .
tr	O	Oh , she 'd be better prepared this time , but it was strong .
tr	I	We found a way to bring him back , and she had believed Macon was gone forever .
tr	O	It 's got lots , excuse the pun , of old fruit trees and a wonderful velvety red rose which is climbing all over the front veranda .
tr	O	Their best efforts to identify her had failed and even the experts at the FBI had come up with nothing .
tr	O	The hubbub died down some after that first week , and life on the Rump started going back to normal .
tr	I	I strode nervously past them , and three men stood at the urinals .
tr	I	She did not answer her phone , but Susan tried to call Trisha again .
tr	O	He was carrying on a conversation with Zach , but I saw the slightest upturn of his mouth .
tr	I	Sadie McLeod cannot return her gaze , but the eldest McLeod looks at her daughter .
tr	I	Instantly she was silent and he placed a finger against Tammy 's lips .
tr	I	This time the movement was more prolonged , but then he heard the chain move again .
tr	O	It had taken him a long time to realise this and now he had left it too late .
tr	O	I had already written Ides of March , police academy , get in your pants , and something I want you to see .
tr	O	I tried to get up , but I was only crawling away .
tr	O	A child 's voice whimpered in the darkness and it took him a moment to realise the sound was his own .
tr	I	Campus security is heading toward us , and the rest of the girls are looking over at me .
tr	I	Her eyes flitted from one shape to the next , waiting for something to stick out , and every shadow appeared to be moving .
tr	O	She reached the spot where she had last seen him , but her frantically searching hands came up empty .
tr	O	His eyes widened , and Rose saw his guard fall into place .
tr	I	Human beings don 't speak dog , and only dogs can hear the soft voices of ghosts .
tr	O	I had known that this was likely , but hearing the words was a huge blow .
tr	I	There was something solid within , but it wasn 't particularly heavy .
tr	O	I was farther from them when I reemerged , but still the bullet found me .
tr	O	The music escalated , and the crowd shrieked .
tr	I	A greater demon came through and he did .
tr	O	Spencer hadn 't heard from Chase since before their arrest , but she knew he would do anything for her .
tr	I	The house by which he 'd parked was far from modest but based on her humble demeanor he 'd expected her to live in a modest home .
tr	I	He was finished , defeated , and she nibbled her plump lip .
tr	I	You were gone and I was so worried when I came down .
tr	I	His lips found mine immediately and he landed beside me in a satisfied heap .
tr	I	Now that you 're here I feel sure they 'll be dismissed , but there are a couple law suits pending .
tr	O	They were atop their wagon , with Stephen leading them , but the mule was growing weary as they trudged along .
tr	O	The resentment in Gorn 's eyes was fierce , but the Minister wasn 't going to back down .
tr	I	I had no way to reach him , and that left my father .
tr	O	Warmth was spreading through her pelvis and she could feel the slide of sweat down the middle of her back .
tr	I	By all that he considered holy , he planned to be a good husband to her , and Lindy was his wife .
tr	I	He knew that there was nothing more discouraging than constantly losing , and he wanted her to get a taste for the game though .
tr	I	I let out an animalistic growl , and it was pulled away from me .
tr	O	His hand moved up her shirt , and she felt it on her breast .
tr	I	She knew the moment he glanced up that her tactic had worked , but she didn 't think that she was giving him any intimate view .
tr	I	Gleaming window panes shone in the sun like diamonds and flowering green shrubs crouched at the base of the Manor .
tr	I	Her cheeks were hollowed and her face was pale .
tr	O	I laughed , and Brody winked .
tr	I	Clusters of bushes dotted the landscape , and Trees grew along the sides of the valley .
tr	O	Maybe he was only in her mind , but it didn 't feel that way .
tr	I	It was as if only now could I feel all of it , but I knew that it must have hurt before .
tr	O	He 'd cut off her breath and her ears had begun to ring .
tr	O	That was a frighteningly rare emotion from him recently , but he did seem softer than he had during previous days .
tr	O	I don 't understand anything other than the fact that it feels like my veins are on fire and I 'm melting into something else .
tr	I	I find myself wishing that I could bathe in it and Dante laughs , an honest , happy sound .
tr	I	There was something frightening in its place , but the mask of icy control was broken .
tr	I	I don 't see the harm , but I might not like the weed .
tr	O	The energy tingled within the male patrons , but the lady entertainers were not immune .
tr	I	He looked at Travis and Kade wasn 't wearing a watch .
tr	O	Red blotches were still along her cheeks and I sighed , hating that I 'd hurt her .
tr	I	It was too late , but Jem called for him to stop .
tr	I	She leaned into my touch , and her eyes closed .
tr	I	Sure enough , they were inflatable dolls as well and Angelina went over to them .
tr	I	Our top advisors shuffled out to the room without having much else to say , and as usual Nate was right .
tr	O	You boys are the men of the house now and you have to start acting like it .
tr	O	His legs were aching but he did not care .
tr	I	Already Summer could read her husband 's thoughts and they 'd been married less than twenty-four hours .
tr	O	The little finger on her left hand was crooked , and it bifurcated at the top , splitting into two smaller fingertips .
tr	I	The pinhead of light disappeared and a few heavy steps rumbled below my feet .
tr	O	She easily felt the hard thrust of his erection , but she refused to give in to his silent urging .
tr	O	I scrambled away from him , and then Jared grabbed my arm , pulling me to the Tundra at ful speed .
tr	O	His tight hold on her body had her pressed hard to the front of his body , and there was no missing the guy 's arousal .
tr	I	The bond is broken and take out the heart .
tr	I	Gascon tucked her mother in comfortably and Catherine ran to retrieve the wheelchair .
tr	O	She thought she knew why he was crying , but it didn 't matter to her .
tr	I	It took everything he had not to lunge at the man he 'd once called friend , and a growl rose from Rio 's throat .
tr	I	It looked like he wasn 't going to find relief anytime soon and his body was on fire .
tr	O	His joyful disposition had dropped like the leaves , and she couldn 't withhold her concern any longer .
tr	I	He wasn 't stupid , but he might be old .
tr	I	I couldn 't meet her eye , but she looked at me apologetically .
tr	O	You wanted to go on , but I made you stop here .
tr	O	Compensating for the pitting did indeed display a clearer picture of the symbols , but they didn 't make a lot of sense .
tr	I	His eyes were worried , but his words were light .
tr	I	I choke on it and a laugh forces its way into my throat .
tr	I	Much prose had been written on it , and it was a small table .
tr	O	I haven 't done it in years and that 's the truth .
tr	O	His eyes locked with Savannah 's and he could see terror there .
tr	I	I didn 't listen , but everyone 's told me that it was impossible .
tr	I	Some things - some feelings - simply didn 't die but they might have been separated for a long time .
tr	I	He 's in a state , but I 'm not sure what .
tr	I	She was also rightfully angry that I had not trusted her with the information until that night , but she was in shock .
tr	O	The fizzy liquid tickled her lips and she concentrated on the sensation .
tr	I	I force myself not to , but I want to roll my eyes .
tr	O	I could see through my eyes , but they weren 't mine anymore .
tr	O	Liza nodded and Mitchell walked away .
tr	I	It isn 't easy , but on the drive home we try to find things to say .
tr	I	Your progress will be closely watched by all of us , especially Avery and all areas of the exam will be covered .
tr	I	It appeared to have no eyes at all , but one had that same circular maw of razor-sharp teeth .
tr	O	She needed to think and she couldn 't do that when he was standing so close .
tr	O	This place is clean and I think , safe .
tr	I	He had to adjust his jeans in order to pull in a breath without emasculating himself and Paul 's stomach clenched .
tr	I	I took several shallow breaths and my lips curled .
tr	I	Again , we were not sure if there was a connection to the murders , but we connected this one to Emma 's encounter .
tr	O	The second death vamp offered Samuel a slow smile and in any other situation , he 'd have reason to fear the significantly more powerful death vampire .
tr	O	My mind wandered during the times without electricity and I started imagining that we were all alone .
tr	I	Off he went and the guy smiled .
tr	O	Toby pulled the strings now as strongly as anyone in town , and both men knew it .
tr	I	Definitely from me she will have it , but she didn 't got a kick ass from Damian .
tr	I	The more I studied them , the more I realized I could understand him , but at first I only saw the beautiful colors .
tr	O	They were approaching the trees , and it was quite dark .
tr	I	I was exhausted before the bath began , and this took eight trips with a bucket .
tr	O	I know you 've sworn off girls since Lisa died , but I 'm beginning to wonder .
tr	O	Jackson swallowed nervously and Turner laughed .
tr	O	He stared and she smiled .
tr	I	I didn 't really want to ruin my clothes , and I hadn 't packed anything for walking around in a swamp .
tr	I	I wanted to vomit and my stomach wrenched itself .
tr	I	I wanted him right now , and Sean was the only one I wanted .
tr	O	When we reached them , my mom turned towards the gate and it opened all on its own .
tr	O	We took a seat at a picnic table and David poured a glass of wine .
tr	I	Calmness wove its way through me , and his eyes flashed a deep violet .
tr	I	He wasn 't buried , but he might be technically dead .
tr	I	Then his eyes returned to his work , apparently unconcerned that Kade had nearly broken the heavy wood door , and Travis looked at Kade briefly .
tr	O	He asks frankly absurd questions , and you watch how I respond .
tr	I	Jack usually called me after work , and it was early evening back home .
tr	I	She knew it and Jared 's offer was a godsend .
tr	I	I want to try , but I don 't know how much sleep I 'll get tonight .
tr	I	I nodded tersely , and a lump formed in my throat .
tr	O	It was hard to see far with the trees blocking my line of sight , but I did the best I could .
tr	I	He could make sure no one else hurt her , but he might not be able to have her .
tr	I	Her vision blurred , and she turned her head to look up at what had been the cause of her fall .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to try , but no words came out .
tr	I	They 'd both been ill at ease , and he 'd taken her to a movie the weekend after their wedding .
tr	O	The postmark was clear on the envelope , but surely he would think it was a mistake if he had seen the date ?
tr	O	He held up the hairpin and I pressed my lips together .
tr	I	We took what we were strong enough to hold , and none of us lived long .
tr	I	Nobody close to him could have seen what he was doing , and the whole fuse was about the width of a piece of pencil lead .
tr	I	I feel a chill and she touches my hand .
tr	O	He cared little for his own life , but he would survive to remove any threat to his younger brothers .
tr	O	The doors opened and he stepped inside .
tr	I	Kira met my stare , and my mouth fell open .
tr	I	Since the races are coming up , I have more than enough orders backed up , and I also paint teapots for the tourists .
tr	O	Her body went rigid and she moaned his name .
tr	O	These are my newer troops and they get a little spooked .
tr	O	His brows furrowed , and he seemed conflicted .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop smiling , and thank goodness no one was around to notice my reaction to him : sweaty palms , rosy cheeks .
tr	I	An implied threat to their lives was enough to send them scurrying for safety and they weren 't combatants by nature .
tr	O	We 've been living in Ypsilanti for a month now and I 've spent every single Friday night in my room .
tr	I	I liked his protective instincts , but it was a strange notion .
tr	I	The coach stopped him , but Nick turned to leave .
tr	I	It was too soon , but my daughter had said he shouldn 't be expected to live on his own .
tr	O	His boys loiter a few feet down , and they keep their eyes on us .
tr	I	I was still embarrassed and I was by myself in the house .
tr	O	It wasn 't the response a man was ever looking for , but when she spoke , he realized why .
tr	O	Iona could move faster as a panther , but she had to worry about carrying Amanda .
tr	O	Owen 's hands are as clammy as mine , and we grin at one another .
tr	O	Each herd was held by a fierce hierarchy , and the leaders would send in the weakest first to determine the skill of his opponent .
tr	I	Drew introduced himself and the doctor came in .
tr	O	Of course , we know now that this course of action was wrong , but it 's what they wanted to do .
tr	I	I don 't have to accept it , but so I may have earned the bite in your grip .
tr	I	That seemed only to make Jackie 's grin widen , but confusion rattled him .
tr	I	I don 't feel I can depend on appearances in the current circumstances , but the aircraft 's radio equipment appears to be working .
tr	I	That in no way made him less worthy of love , but he hadn 't opened his heart to her .
tr	O	I 'd just made myself and Duke sound like total idiots .
tr	I	Facts were facts , but Caleb wasn 't a lot more comfortable saying it .
tr	O	She had lost weight , and her eyes were listless .
tr	I	He couldn 't be around her on this day , but it wasn 't fair to Surreal .
tr	I	The pain was making it difficult to move , but I managed to let out a small chuckle .
tr	O	She watches the rearview mirror because it 's now such a habit , and she watches every other vehicle to avoid any chance of a collision .
tr	I	I think ... And all day long I pace inside this dark , tiny , cell .
tr	I	It 's not going to make me stop loving you , but granted , I 'm not thrilled you had sex with her .
tr	I	Mr. Flowers had paid a great deal to have somebody do it and they 'd later learn that it was professionally decorated .
tr	I	I shake my head , but he brings one to me .
tr	O	Okay , maybe he didn 't say it just like that , but he didn 't have to .
tr	O	His name was Friedrich and he was nearly as old as Flavio .
tr	I	I got hard just thinking about what you had on under that coat and I sat there watching you sip that vodka .
tr	I	Watching her work tonight had been impressive , and Nicole Hightower in full war paint was a sight to behold .
tr	I	Your mom 's , and I wish he hadn 't ruined your dad 's life .
tr	O	I will be more than happy to claim him , but Josef is an altogether different matter .
tr	O	His three privates looked at each other , but if the corporal was going along then they had no choice .
tr	I	She was now tempted to surprise him , but she had told Declan she was going home tonight after she left Beth 's .
tr	O	She knew he was waiting for her to say the words back to him , but she couldn 't do it .
tr	I	I won 't be the only one , and I 'll be watching you .
tr	I	I shake my head , but she offers one to me .
tr	O	I pointed towards the article , and he motioned for the paper .
tr	I	She shook her head , but John looked at Liv .
tr	I	I wink at her and she punches my arm .
tr	O	None of the men said anything , but Jason could tell by their expressions that they were not happy about their current situation .
tr	O	They bought carrier bags at the checkout , and McBride used his credit card .
tr	O	The exquisite dinner he prepared was more than satisfying , and his domestic skills scored major points in my book .
tr	I	I tried to pull away from him and he leaned down to kiss my neck .
tr	O	No one met Stefan , but in a moment they could al hear running footsteps .
tr	O	He had been the only man in her life and she 'd meant nothing to him .
tr	I	She looked at me , and I looked at Kitten .
tr	I	She wondered grimly if it was her blood that had given it to him and there was a healthy pink glow to his cheeks .
tr	I	My breathing turned shallow , and my heart was thumping so hard I knew she could probably hear it against her ear .
tr	O	Wake up , she thought , but she didn 't want to .
tr	I	A tissue sample had been sent out for a second opinion , and unfortunately the results were inconclusive .
tr	O	I 've only been vampire since last January and I don 't know how to turn someone else .
tr	I	Butch wasn 't the one standing in her bedroom , but she wanted to believe him .
tr	I	Nothing came out , but his mouth opened .
tr	O	She remained grim , but the smile played around the edges of her mouth .
tr	I	I did not recognize it , but Sam 's face was there .
tr	I	I wasn 't quite sure I was comfortable with a stranger rubbing their hands all over my body , but I knew it wouldn 't be painful .
tr	I	She instinctively cringed into Declan 's side and the goblin narrowed his eyes at Willow .
tr	O	I will not back down and I will win .
tr	I	I knew what had happened , but my first reaction was shock .
tr	I	That makes your old dad smile and I can hear it in your voice .
tr	I	He shoved it off and the man placed an arm on Luke 's shoulder .
tr	I	I 'm not going to pressure you , but I already told you I 'm interested .
tr	O	She looks fragile , but she is not .
tr	I	She had been careful to empty it out , since she didn 't want it to rust , and there was water in the pan .
tr	O	The Chinese might have some planes hidden somewhere and they would be handled if they rose up to challenge the Navy .
tr	O	They appeared to be on the verge of moving beyond , and I didn 't want to stick around for that .
tr	I	Eventually she breathed a quiet sigh of relief , and the hallway fell silent .
tr	I	They feel like they 're going to rain down on the beach , but I don 't know where he shoots them off from .
tr	O	Her eyes revealed the opposite effect , and Ethan could see her racing through the last hour of her life .
tr	I	I think I 'm trembling and my gaze followed that hand .
tr	I	It 's really pretty amusing , and she puts her hands up to shield herself .
tr	O	The silence in the car was so absolute I was beginning to think he hadn 't heard , but then he glanced at me .
tr	I	He spoke the rest of the ritual , and Relief flooded through the Prince 's body .
tr	I	He was pretty infuriated with her right then but he knew he wouldn 't really do that .
tr	O	There was a hard road and there was an easy road .
tr	I	There was one obvious answer -- blood , but it could have been so many things .
tr	I	He never would , and as far as I knew , my dad didn 't know about the drawer .
tr	O	Their footsteps echoed , and it was creepy .
tr	O	I felt a shiver , but my worry was silenced .
tr	I	Her innards removed and her throat was torn out .
tr	O	There was moisture in the grayness and I hated seeing it again .
tr	I	She hadn 't told him and she knew who Julian was .
tr	I	She stiffens and I cover her hand with mine .
tr	O	Dark circles sat under her puffy eyes and her hair was a mess of curls .
tr	O	It was passionate and there was heat .
tr	O	Some chain of chance might have saved me , but this chain did not .
tr	I	I didn 't know that I could bear much more of it , but it had only been hours so far that he had left me wanting .
tr	I	His amber eyes glowed , and Anger flushed his cheeks .
tr	O	Amber owed Art a meal , and Willow had volunteered to cook .
tr	I	Her head lulled to the side , and her eyelids were heavy .
tr	O	The vibration raced along my arm and I could see the color of it fly from my fingertips .
tr	I	She was ready to go home , but she didn 't know about Ronan .
tr	I	The knife kept pricking her as her feet got tangled up with her long skirts , and her ankles kept banging against the stairs .
tr	I	I am looking out over the room and he stands behind me , so that we are in the shadows .
tr	O	She hadn 't wanted to interrupt the reunion , but she wasn 't sure what to do next .
tr	I	It doesn 't do much , and I give a pathetic kick at the wall in front of me .
tr	I	Xander sighed heavily , and Caleb just shrugged .
tr	I	She wasn 't feeling it , but he wanted to do the long-distance thing .
tr	I	She didn 't pull away this time , but an odd look passed over her face .
tr	I	Everyone loved it , but the little parade didn 't last long .
tr	O	His eyes opened and he gave me the warmest , most sheepish smile I 'd ever seen on him .
tr	O	The water did nothing to stop the burn , but there was flavour amid the hot sensation .
tr	I	That friendship wasn 't exclusive , but I considered Peggy a friend .
tr	O	It was more comforting than in any way romantic , but Clary still felt as if she had stumbled on a private moment .
tr	O	The phone clicked , and he was gone .
tr	O	He 'd left his mark on her , and he found it pleased him .
tr	I	His nose brushing close to the floor and in he trotted with his ears up .
tr	O	Allison left with her mother and Kelly stared at Ryan staring back at her .
tr	I	It quickly was emptied , and a waiter set a large pitcher on the table .
tr	O	The man was like a seething kettle of testosterone , and every female hormone in her body was rising to happily meet the masculine lure .
tr	O	As she reached the corner , someone grabbed her arm and she swung around , pepper spray in her other hand .
tr	O	Thousands of questions flooded my head , which by now was a familiar feeling , but one burning was at the forefront of them all .
tr	I	He sounds pissed and it 's Cooper .
tr	I	It 's the only thing I care about , but it 's a stupid response to what she said .
tr	O	Savitar waved his hand and on the far wall images appeared .
tr	O	Her cousin Tyler suddenly appeared in front of her , and Jeni stopped short to avoid running into him .
tr	O	So they saw me , but they didn 't scare .
tr	I	I owe him nothing and he 's an ass .
tr	O	Her heart fluttered in her chest and she bit her bottom lip as she wiped her moist palms on her jeans .
tr	O	Her desperate thoughts about Josh disappeared , and her present reality returned .
tr	O	It kept me from eating too much ice cream and it helped me score brownie points with my boss .
tr	O	She laughs at this , but she doesn 't seem bitter .
tr	O	He 'd understated her malady , and he was beginning to worry .
tr	I	Right now , only part of it was in use , but the room was about the size of Dad 's house .
tr	O	He had ruined her , and Max did not fully understand that yet .
tr	I	I find I am still hungry , and it has been an emotional morning .
tr	I	Only a few seem willing to listen to him , but one of the Inquisitors calls out from where they 're fencing in the people .
tr	I	I knew that I no longer felt like I did in London , but I wasn 't sure when I had started to grow a conscience .
tr	I	I wished I could crawl into the bed with him , and he gave me a faint smile before closing his eyes .
tr	I	When she turned to him , he perked up , but he 'd been watching the class with a bored expression .
tr	O	Grandma 's brow smoothed , and her eyes lit up .
tr	O	I didn 't know any of the contestants in the snowboarding event , but it was still fun to watch .
tr	I	Maybe Tarik was giving her a hint , but she didn 't want to point randomly .
tr	I	He hadn 't been able to voice it , but her name had echoed in his mind .
tr	I	A hand appeared on his shoulder , jerking him back , but Ty took a hasty step forward .
tr	I	It was inevitable once the idea hit him , but it was crazy .
tr	O	I 'd been under the assumption that person wasn 't alive , but I didn 't feel like questioning it .
tr	O	A miracle had occurred and he was here .
tr	O	Running offered me the chance to excel if I worked hard enough , and I began focusing on it to the exclusion of everything else that summer .
tr	O	His irises appeared to darken and his eyelids looked heavier .
tr	I	Thomas knew it was only a matter of time before he should send them back , but the team was proving to be quite useful .
tr	I	She could feel the slight vibration through her seat , but it was quieter than some motorcycles .
tr	I	Without them , the rides couldn 't hold ; but these rides were built on the broken , resigned spirits of those trapped here .
tr	I	It was parried to the side , but Lea attacked with a right uppercut to Tania 's body .
tr	O	The old images rushed in on her , and she gritted her teeth .
tr	O	At first there was only silence , and Nolen strained in the dim light to hear any sign of life .
tr	O	I 'm the first to pull back , but I lock my hands on her waist .
tr	O	His voice was terribly faint , not much stronger than a whisper , but it struck her like a slap .
tr	I	He just stands there , staring at the damn ceiling , but I 'm flabbergasted , waiting for Ian to chime in .
tr	I	He was aching to make it happen , and he 'd make her his .
tr	O	They danced and Bea took noticed of his nameplate even though they had been introduced moments before .
tr	O	Willow knew she was taunting the beast , but this was the best gift she had ever received .
tr	I	By the time he finished Riley Albritton was roaring with laughter , and Luther spilled his guts .
tr	O	The man didn 't say anything more and Cory was glad .
tr	O	The mayor smiled in satisfaction , but instead of answering directly , he pointed to the magnificent magnolia tree in the center of the cemetery .
tr	O	Suddenly Abigail was falling , and with bound hands couldn 't brace for the fall .
tr	O	Tokyo was a city where people lived their lives , sometimes they lived them well , but it was not a city of happy endings .
tr	O	There was still discomfort all through his lower half , but it was dull enough that he didn 't care .
tr	O	She reined me in and I pulled her closer .
tr	O	Then it blew up , and I started believing darker things .
tr	O	She blinked in utter disbelief -- once , twice -- but the scene simply didn 't change .
tr	O	His tone was joking , but his eyes were dead .
tr	I	They were going through something like he 'd been through , only worse , and they weren 't a lifetime ago .
tr	I	Burning anger flared up inside me , and my grip on my son tightened .
tr	O	His eyes survey my face , pausing on my split lip , and his lips press together tightly .
tr	O	He asked her about school , and Janelle answered his questions as she stared down at her plate .
tr	O	Her teeth chattered and her body shivered .
tr	I	He was also insistent , but he was always pleasant in his requests .
tr	O	I didn 't want anyone controlling that country , but if I had to choose , I 'd have preferred to have the Indians control the petroglyphs .
tr	O	I shall not come out here again , but I wanted to say goodbye in person .
tr	I	Neither was the future , and the past wasn 't important .
tr	O	Under his scrutinizing gaze the memories began to rush through my head , and a bolt of pain headed straight for my heart .
tr	O	Ed got out of the car and I started the engine .
tr	O	Shock rippled through me , and it was followed very closely by thick dread .
tr	O	His eyes were sparkling with mischief , but his tone was dead serious .
tr	O	Snowflakes danced across her nose and she laughed out loud , mesmerized by the magic of the night .
tr	I	While there was genuine warmth in the tone , she could not call it stuffy , but it might seem starchy to some .
tr	I	He didn 't want to be banned from this bar for indecency , and he knew he 'd jump on the chance to vent his frustration .
tr	O	She was in suspended cognizance for twenty years , and we 're lucky we were able to get her back at all .
tr	I	The floorboards sagged against his weight as he stepped through , and the hinges creaked as he pushed open the door .
tr	I	Each one touched Pearl 's heart , and they had come in from all around the world .
tr	O	She looked at me sternly , but she was listening .
tr	O	Everyone in Sussex at some point in their teenage years found out about this place , but few set foot inside .
tr	O	The moment began to escalate and boundaries crumbled , setting them up for failure .
tr	I	Yet the thought churns my stomach , and it should be the least of my worries .
tr	O	Men arrived with a wicker hurdle , and we gently lifted him onto it .
tr	O	He saved me so he could get his hands on me , and I had been stupid to let him .
tr	I	He pivoted , firing back , and a bullet plowed into the post that Deckard stood by .
tr	O	Her lips tightened , but it was obvious that she was considering his words .
tr	O	Colin didn 't like surprises , and he didn 't think Luna 's grandparents would appreciate stumbling upon the information sometime in the future .
tr	O	We will be prepared for you and we know what your intentions are .
tr	I	The same type of thing would happen again the next day and she 'd storm off to her room .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure what it was , but I didn 't like it .
tr	I	She nodded and I asked .
tr	O	The lights swept over to where he indicated and he heard his friends gasped .
tr	O	She is still a little bit dizzy -- but she knows that she has to do something .
tr	I	Now he was looking at being alone once more , and he 'd had Clarice for such a short time .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I always thought that I should have protected him .
tr	O	They went to the wine section and Parker looked over all the red wines .
tr	O	The girl hugs herself to herself again on the rock and we 're back to even worse than where we started .
tr	O	She was lying at his feet , and she was worse off than his worst fears had allowed him to picture .
tr	I	I sort of hoped he would remain unsuccessful , but maybe it was cruel .
tr	O	The goalkeeper made a valiant effort , but the ball was beyond his reach .
tr	I	A wave of his scent , his gorgeous , sexy , toffee scent , flowed over her shoulder and a shiver traveled straight through her .
tr	I	It didn 't last long , but I laid my head back to rest .
tr	O	I still have my axe and I 'm not going to be defeated !
tr	I	We shook on it , and would be used good .
tr	O	I cleared my throat and she spun around .
tr	I	She twisted harder and he cried out in pain .
tr	O	I 've had a rough day and I took that out on you .
tr	O	One of them belonged to the Inn , clearly identified by a logo , and the other likely belonged to a guest .
tr	O	There were plenty of other fatal options on the cliffs that surrounded Wayward Pines , but this particular precipice had the benefit of being the most sheer .
tr	I	Pigeon climbed in and the door opened .
tr	I	He slid an arm quietly around her , and Amara leaned in close against him .
tr	I	Now we 've found a small commercial lab here on the island that 's agreed to manufacture a few runs of the stuff , and oh .
tr	I	It sounds like multiple people but I can 't see anything .
tr	O	His tongue pushed against my teeth , and I welcomed him into my mouth .
tr	I	We 're hopeful , but she 's still sleeping .
tr	I	They need to be stopped , and this organization wants to destroy the Dreamscape .
tr	I	Andy was soon sweating and it was very warm .
tr	I	Granny Dee was knocking on the door and when she woke up , it was nighttime .
tr	I	Another sexy outfit , therefore it was acceptable , nor that was not an attempt to escape .
tr	I	You took my daughter away from me and I was innocent .
tr	O	Of other clothing they had none , but most of them were quite furry .
tr	O	Sophia flipped her long blonde hair from one side of her face to the other , and her elegant diamond drop earrings shimmered in the light .
tr	I	It will pay the bills , but it 's not exactly my passion .
tr	I	I am , but I shouldn 't be hungry .
tr	I	He didn 't know what the right answer was but he knew it was a test of some sort .
tr	I	They caught sight of the three immediately , and two guards were stationed at the bottom .
tr	O	She had grown bored with reading stories , but a secret door was another matter .
tr	O	We would text occasionally during the week , nothing consistent though , and I never texted him unless he initiated the conversation .
tr	I	I couldn 't recall even sitting up to do it , but it was my handwriting .
tr	O	Then to take revenge against him , I kept his favorite red T-shirt secretly and later I buried it in the backward .
tr	O	she said as she smiled at him , and the baby nodded .
tr	I	As I fell , my ankle twisted underneath me , and as she jumped the stream , I fell backwards .
tr	I	It was useless , but mysterious people in green helicopters went around drilling little holes for them so they wouldn 't starve .
tr	I	I didn 't enjoy actually hurting him , but I loved to torment my little brother .
tr	I	She shivered and rain battered against her .
tr	I	When she reached the second floor , she could see the door to the blue room cracked open , and Adrienne followed the sound .
tr	O	If you do , your brother will be returned to you and you can take him home , if that is your wish .
tr	I	M ranch , so why not his former home , too and Vlad had burned down the D ?
tr	O	She shut the door behind me , and the chimes rang out wildly .
tr	O	I take my dinners with Deacon Dunne in the gun room and they are pretty joyless affairs .
tr	O	He snarled at them , but they held him fast .
tr	O	He looked at her , surprised , and bordering on alarmed .
tr	O	A king may run a kingdom but a good housekeeper runs the king .
tr	O	Any idiot would recognize that , and he liked to think he was at least slightly above idiot level .
tr	I	The great broadsword sliced viciously into their ranks , and whirling Bianca , he towered above the Frenchmen .
tr	I	The man was speaking Arabic , but Solomon removed his hand .
tr	I	Everything seemed to explode around them , and Julian leaned forward .
tr	I	I hated every second of it ... and I did all the things expected of me to look normal for a normal day of school .
tr	O	At first , Michael was too stunned to cry , but he didn 't know what else to do .
tr	I	He knew something unexpected was warranted if he wished to make headway and she 'd been unnaturally tense since their talk on the beach that morning .
tr	I	That was about all you could say for it , but Black velvet looked good .
tr	O	Her eyes flicked to the nodding boys and she mimicked their movements .
tr	O	His mouth hung open , and when I realized I was mirroring him , I snapped my mouth shut .
tr	I	Then Mortimer began to chatter cheerfully away about things they should do that day , and they ate in silence at first .
tr	I	He wanted her to know he truly understood her , but it wasn 't easy to reveal his biggest humiliation .
tr	O	When he had done the Morrie family adopted the principle of ' every man for himself ' and all made a grab for their portion .
tr	O	I looked around to see where the danger might be , but all I saw was an endless sea of white clothing .
tr	I	Her body trembled and her teeth chattered .
tr	O	The sun was setting rapidly , and Grey would soon be here .
tr	I	Chelsea clung to it with all her might as their bodies jostled hers , and his gaze was glued to the tree as the cattle flew past .
tr	I	Ari knew she 'd make it through this just fine and her mother was tough .
tr	I	They were no danger so far away , but spirits from the dead they might be .
tr	O	In the days to come , he would have to reconcile all these things in his heart , but this day was not the day .
tr	I	She 'd be much less impressed with the whole idea or it 's obvious she 's never attended one of my family 's brunches .
tr	O	She smiled , but it didn 't reach her eyes .
tr	O	I asked what he needed the money for , and he said he was building things .
tr	O	Carrying four people on his back was a chore of determination for the great dragon , yet he refused to give up .
tr	I	How naive she 'd been and she stopped , remembering that scene .
tr	O	Perhaps they considered him to be a madman , or perhaps they had problems of their own to worry about .
tr	I	I wanted to scream , but it felt exquisite .
tr	O	Others say he did not exist , and still others say he was merely a good man who lived an exemplary life .
tr	O	Stop it , I said again , and this time I wasn 't shouting .
tr	O	She arched into him and he smiled .
tr	I	She felt a bit weak in the knees and immediately her body reacted to his presence .
tr	O	Jamie pulling on the pencil slowed things , but Eleanor managed to start the list of names .
tr	I	The taste very strong and the smell was peculiar .
tr	O	Eliza 's jaw dropped and Samantha held her stomach .
tr	O	He didn 't , and she felt disappointed because she wanted more than a quick kiss .
tr	O	She was going to need me , but my feet were cemented to the ground .
tr	O	She felt him hardening against her hip , and a great shudder of pleasure shook her .
tr	I	There was no answer but it rang several times .
tr	I	It stuns me , but a simple question .
tr	O	Amira was no great rider , but her urgency pushed her ahead .
tr	O	He took her arm and she shook him off .
tr	I	They 're all hopped up about Santa and it 's also Christmas Eve .
tr	O	He reaches for me and I instinctively step back .
tr	I	Her gaze rounded quickly to Fin and her attention centered on them .
tr	O	She did as I ordered and I continued .
tr	O	He was striving to reach her , and she was only telling him farewell .
tr	I	Instead it felt like someone had lit a fire in his chest , but he tried desperately to pull in oxygen .
tr	I	She silences and I say sternly .
tr	O	I rounded a long bend , slipping between two freight lorries like the breeze , and Stadium City filled the horizon .
tr	I	He was in no mood to be patronized , and a lecture was coming on .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I knew I would be begging .
tr	I	I peered up , and we moved to the middle .
tr	O	Another figure walks in from the shadows and I pick up the pistol again .
tr	I	I 'm sure my face was as drained as hers and my chest pounded .
tr	O	She handed it back to me and I slipped it into my pocket .
tr	O	If the High King took their shaping power , he would have to keep them alive , or the power would be lost , right ?
tr	I	That wasn 't likely - and at least Cal was there , unless he 'd been taken out in the first minute .
tr	I	She looks at my hand , and her eyes stray .
tr	O	I stared at her , suddenly , and I knew it was a threat .
tr	I	Cassandra had beaten her to it but she went to answer the door .
tr	O	Malcolm remembered their mom , but Philip recalled nearly nothing .
tr	I	We will work out an arrangement for Pavel , and we 're splitting custody of this baby like adults .
tr	I	Because of her longing for power , we vampires were not set free and Nichole craved power .
tr	O	She was having silly thoughts and that was a bad sign .
tr	I	Both were convinced I had a way to help them , but they barely knew me .
tr	O	Dante holds his elbow out for me to take and I realize once again that boys are different here .
tr	I	Leaning toward no , but Poodle was uncertain .
tr	O	Anger set my mouth hard , and I bit down on the long sleeve of my pajama top to keep from screaming my frustration .
tr	I	Her forehead creased and her lips parted .
tr	O	It was a warm day with a bright sky and the sun reflected glaringly off the phone 's screen .
tr	I	There was also a spark of anger in her gaze , but Hurt radiated from her as she continued to stare at Marcy .
tr	O	The long rest break was over and the men were resuming their work .
tr	I	They get it gratuitously and milk is for babies .
tr	O	Her mission was impromptu , even reckless , but it was important .
tr	I	I 've regretted nothing in my life more , and I never saw you again .
tr	O	None of us were surprised that it was locked , but Benji successfully picking the lock with some wire from his trunk surprised us all .
tr	I	He wasn 't completely stupid , but he might have his pride .
tr	O	He squeezed my hands , and he leaned toward me .
tr	I	She wasn 't able to bring Lea down and the round ended .
tr	I	He made no comment but out of the corner of her eye she saw Fallon 's brows climb .
tr	O	That startled her , and she leaned back .
tr	O	She was the nicest person Alex had met and she seemed to adore Howie .
tr	I	I was determined to learn this as quickly as possible , and I 'd always been a quick learner .
tr	O	I scratched his ears and he moved his head to allow me better access .
tr	O	I wouldn 't have cal ed Thomas lovely , but he had charm .
tr	I	She felt a moment of elation , and she still held the gun in her hand .
tr	O	I hoped I wasn 't pushing my luck , but I needed a distraction that only music gave me .
tr	O	Blood poured onto her hands as she yanked it out , and Cain staggered back , clutching his ribs .
tr	I	Three throughout any given semester was as good as an expulsion , and one absence meant detention , two meant one week of suspension .
tr	I	My glasses didn 't take over my eyes , and the style seemed to draw attention to the shape of my face .
tr	I	They turned troublemakers over to the militia , and his employees were vigilant .
tr	I	He refuses , but we 've tried to force him to take a vacation .
tr	I	I couldn 't have her thinking the worst , but she wasn 't Adam 's biggest fan .
tr	I	From the way they talked about it , it seemed worse than my old memories of prison , but I couldn 't remember what The Tank was .
tr	O	Mark tried to wave me down , but I wasn 't in the mood .
tr	I	The ghost of a smile appeared briefly on his face and Hugh glanced at him .
tr	I	It was Sawyer who flew off the handle , but I bristled at the derogatory tone in the word ' you ' .
tr	O	The ICU is on the fourth floor and we need passes to get up there .
tr	I	Every move he makes appears effortless , but he has that look of concentration on his face .
tr	I	Only a muffled growl of pain came out of his mouth , but he tried to speak .
tr	O	She loved him , and she 'd brought him to this .
tr	O	It was warm and I was wearing gloves .
tr	I	Color infused her cheeks , but her face was still pale .
tr	O	I pulled my communicator from my jacket pocket and I looked at the display .
tr	O	I yell , but he disappears .
tr	O	I wanted that part of the story , but now I felt bad for pushing him to answer .
tr	O	He saw she did not appreciate the inquiry , but then again he didn 't appreciate her tone .
tr	O	He was the reason she still needed to drink , after all , and since she hadn 't fed him breakfast , he was probably starving .
tr	O	His expression was anguished , and that was no lie .
tr	O	Tiny took it from her and the three of them studied it very closely .
tr	I	She needed to face the inevitable and when they turned onto her parents ' street , an unsettling thought popped into her head .
tr	O	My parents were bohemians , and we really never fit in with our kind .
tr	I	We entered the home of Desmond Tiny and about an hour later the tunnel ended .
tr	O	She wished him well , but she couldn 't be part of his life .
tr	O	He studies me , looking torn , but then gives in .
tr	I	The cabin began to level off and the roar subsided .
tr	O	Sean had given her a taste of that and it wasn 't worth the price you had to pay to get it .
tr	I	I latched onto it and he gave me his hand , wrapped in medical bandages .
tr	I	Logan had never had a father , and my father had lost a son .
tr	O	Though he didn 't let go of my hand once as we walked , and he occasionally stopped just to look at me .
tr	I	Luca called a friend that night to set me up with lessons , but I think that suggestion was a joke on the doctor 's part .
tr	O	He tilted his head , and compassion filled his eyes .
tr	I	The pain in his lungs was instantaneous , and he sucked in air violently .
tr	I	There appeared to be no bad effects from the virus and she ran a series of tests .
tr	O	The climb was steep and Lindy was winded by the time they 'd gone only a few blocks .
tr	I	I didn 't know which ones to push , but there was a panel with buttons .
tr	I	She 's severed it completely or it 's either very faint .
tr	I	A long way back , but it was following them .
tr	O	Lyons continued to sit there , and I could feel his eyes on my back .
tr	O	His lips grazed hers , and she smiled against them .
tr	O	I knew it instantly and my heart leapt .
tr	I	They did not stop their search , ignoring every cry but people called out , all wanting the Browns ' attention .
tr	O	Her voice trailed off , and her words ignited more pain in my chest .
tr	I	For a moment we walk in silence and Roland takes my hand .
tr	O	Laura blushed as they made her , and themselves , as comfortable as possible .
tr	I	The creature gave him a curious wink and he turned in surprise .
tr	I	It was annoying to wait for it to melt enough to spread but she only liked real butter .
tr	I	I said I would be fine , but Joseph offered to go with me .
tr	I	I was somewhat shocked to see the face of a good-looking man staring back at us and finally the door opened .
tr	I	Then she 'd always wonder , and Force her to accept they were meant to be together .
tr	I	Rhapsody could see the quick , furtive glances she kept directing her way , but Capella was studying her cards , as if oblivious .
tr	I	Jack had almost dropped it back on his cousin 's side table and although barely the size of his palm , it was heavy .
tr	I	I start counting my strides as I jog across the parking lot and my thoughts speed up .
tr	O	I 'm sorry I didn 't call when I said I would , but I wasn 't being deliberately hurtful .
tr	O	I honestly don 't care about what you did last night , and I don 't want to hear about it either .
tr	I	The blood rushed instantly to his groin and she kissed him on the lips .
tr	I	The sparrows flew away for reasons I didn 't understand and Gravity held me firmly to the rock on this hill .
tr	I	Connor speaks up for me and I keep my head down .
tr	O	There was a war , but people had forgotten about it .
tr	O	Adam 's lewd comments were getting to me , bad , and it was time to put an end to insulting Quinn .
tr	O	The telephone woke Cain almost as soon as he fell asleep , but he immediately scrambled to get it .
tr	I	It 's there ; ever-present , lurking in the shadows , but I 've tried to deny it , to hide it .
tr	O	Star Thief 's face lights up , and I have no trouble believing Raffaele 's words that she aligns with joy .
tr	I	It would not become an issue , but Franco cursed the wording of his agreement with his father .
tr	I	He was nowhere in sight , but the streets weren 't that crowded anymore since most people were going home for dinner .
tr	I	That would at least give me an idea of which way to face if things got dicey , and I should be able to glimpse any motion .
tr	I	They don 't have a bit of photography training , but Big fancy cameras that they spent a ridiculous amount on .
tr	O	His gaze locked with mine , and one corner of his mouth lifted in a smirk .
tr	O	I understand that you 're off in school , but at least a phone call .
tr	O	My body was responding to his touch and my mind kept telling me to STOP !
tr	O	To cherish this freely gifted life , and love the Emperor as is your nature .
tr	I	Expectations hung between them and her words trailed off .
tr	I	A silence hung , amplifying my awkwardness , and the joyfulness of the reunions had died down .
tr	I	There was Julian and she turned around .
tr	O	That man is a sadist and he would have hurt you .
tr	I	My fear stifled any possibility of a second volley , but I panicked , struggling to conjure another burst .
tr	I	Glowing down from the walls and trailing across the floor .
tr	I	You weren 't asking him to change his life , but I know you two got along .
tr	O	A glass sphere with a flat spot so you can put it down and it won 't roll away .
tr	O	Tears began to pool in my eyes , and I glanced down at my boots .
tr	O	His left wrist is completely shattered and one of his lungs was punctured .
tr	O	Her brown eyes were huge and now her face was white again .
tr	O	Suits are in the closet on the right , but you don 't have to wear one .
tr	I	I grow bored , and all I see is black .
tr	I	I wasn 't exactly looking forward to walking home in heels , but I appreciated him thinking ahead .
tr	O	There was a pause and I held my breath .
tr	O	She mentally counted to ten and Mary still hadn 't returned .
tr	O	In was the end of summer and she spent full days in the bath tub adding hot water , trying to get warm .
tr	O	He didn 't look happy to see me , and I sure wasn 't happy to see him .
tr	O	He crossed along it , noting the polished walnut floors and the boot heel impressions in the wood outside each barrack .
tr	I	I still wish Mom were here , but it almost feels like a family .
tr	O	They pass through a wall of smoke , and the air is suddenly cooler , fresher , easier to breathe .
tr	O	Brian 's presence was a problem , but maybe it was also a blessing in disguise .
tr	O	Angelina 's shoulders sank and she dropped her head .
tr	O	The Ivory Turtle lay on one side of her , curling not quite completely into his shell , and together they drifted off to sleep .
tr	O	A faint sob escaped my throat at his words and I fought to keep the tears away .
tr	O	He winked , and a smile warmed Elspeth 's sallow face .
tr	O	Moments later she felt smooth road beneath them and she dared open her eyes .
tr	I	I opened my eyes , and someone yanked the stone horn out of my hands .
tr	O	There were several dogs on strings sniffing around the entrance and he could hear a pounding dub bassline coming from within .
tr	I	No one else had ever set foot in these woods and she knew she had nothing to worry about because this was the Princeton Estate .
tr	O	My entire body sags in relief , and I drop back into my chair .
tr	I	She would if she had to , but she didn 't want to shoot anyone .
tr	O	I felt bad for saying that , but a little of the pressure lifted off my chest .
tr	O	I had studied all the month 's worth of work I 'd missed at school , and I was ready to face the scholarly challenge .
tr	I	The sun was beginning to drop quickly in the sky and it was late afternoon now .
tr	I	I closed my eyes , winded , taking involuntary gulps of air and I felt the air leaving my lungs in a rush .
tr	I	That included helping Savannah get on her feet , and he needed to stay focused on his job .
tr	I	The door opened , but he said nothing .
tr	O	His stomach was empty , and there was nothing coming up .
tr	I	I rush to the entrance and blinding hot temper takes me over .
tr	O	His eyes were fixed on my face as I threw my head back in ecstasy , and feelings of pleasure washed over me .
tr	I	Whatever patience he 'd had a minute before , had evaporated completely and Alistair Tillman 's tone was harsh now .
tr	I	She glances guiltily at me , shielding her cell phone against her chest and Cami 's head jerks up .
tr	O	He searches the street , and for a moment , his eyes fall on me .
tr	I	I can help you and I can place orders .
tr	I	He 'd certainly benefitted from her death , and he 'd been the last person to see his wife alive .
tr	I	His face wasn 't giving away a thing , but I watched for some sign of what he was thinking as he walked silently to me .
tr	I	Antonio courteously opened the door for them , and the car pulled into the police station parking lot .
tr	O	Everyone could probably still hear us , but it was an attempt at privacy .
tr	O	I 'm not sure why , but I feel strangely reassured to have him with us .
tr	O	He paused , and they both remained silent .
tr	I	I stared at Aiden , but I felt the girls line up , poised to tell the Wildcats to attack .
tr	O	He smiled at me , but I thought I saw concern in the depth of his eyes .
tr	O	His little security guard was beautiful , but beauty was common in his world .
tr	O	He bared his teeth to me for just a moment , and then he set his lips along my knee .
tr	O	Barbi was barely speaking to me after our exchange the night before and Abby wouldn 't even look in my direction .
tr	I	She pulled away from Heath , but Jane 's breath panted out .
tr	I	We never knew when someone might die , and we had a traitor in our midst .
tr	O	The men were no longer pinned by her will , but the weapons at their throats seemed sufficient to keep them still .
tr	O	He did not respond and we fell into silence .
tr	O	She 'd decided to let it out , and he was going to help her .
tr	O	Our love consists of stolen moments , but maybe I should cherish them instead of fighting for the impossible .
tr	I	Making small talk with a woman he barely knew was awful , but sex was one thing .
tr	O	The sweet meat erupted on her tongue , and she consumed it within moments .
tr	O	The maneuvering thrusters fired and he lurched against his restraints as he looked over at Mickey .
tr	I	That 's not the point , but I don 't real y do it that much .
tr	I	The musicians struck up a tune , and he motioned with his hand .
tr	O	There were two of them and they seemed to be having a contest of which one could make it to the next flower the fastest .
tr	O	Aunt Prue pushed the door open easily , and we stepped out onto a rocky coastline .
tr	O	Anansi looks at Bird with suspicion on his face , and he moves to stand in front of the pot in the hole , bubbling away .
tr	I	Joe can be a pretty smooth talker when he wants to be , but the man naturally seemed apprehensive at first .
tr	O	said Ava , and he shrugged .
tr	O	It 's funny , but it was one of the last real conversations we had that really meant anything .
tr	O	His skin was very dark , but a sickly yellow appeared from beneath the surface .
tr	I	He slipped one hand behind her back to hold her up , all the while never letting the water pressure ease and her legs began to shake .
tr	O	There are quiet snores and there are loud snores .
tr	O	Savannah inhaled slowly , and her breathing became steadier .
tr	I	This place was a throwback to a time generations past where the rules were different , but it might have been 1983 everyplace else .
tr	O	She doesn 't eat much of her sandwich , though , and she winces every time she reaches forward to get her glass of water .
tr	I	He placed them in his pockets , and his hands shook .
tr	I	Together they found a spot out of the wind to do his thing and she put Sid on a leash .
tr	I	I put my pen down to look at her and she sat with me at the table where I was studying .
tr	O	They were noblemen , so Venture couldn 't execute them , but he was very fond of the more brutal disciplinary forms .
tr	I	The door slid into the recess in the wall , and grasping the lever , he jerked it to the side .
tr	I	To be honest his deductions seemed very straightforward , and he explained how he had reached his conclusions .
tr	I	I need to concentrate and I 'm healing Dimitri 's body .
tr	O	He asks me if I want one and I shake my head , telling him I rarely drink anymore .
tr	I	It doesn 't seem to faze him , but I try giving him my coldest stare .
tr	I	He ordered another beer and a blond waitress appeared from nowhere .
tr	O	The box settled on the floor , and she heard feminine voices nearby .
tr	O	I felt my face flush again and I bit my bottom lip to keep from grinning like an idiot .
tr	I	She waved her hands in the same fashion she had done before to banish the ghost of Dave 's grandfather and this startled the medium .
tr	O	People surrounded her ; but they couldn 't stop her from getting away from the room .
tr	I	She was more than willing to help me out , and her locker was next to Laurel 's in PE .
tr	I	One of his friends had Miranda in a half Nelson and a dark skinned boy had Milton pressed to the ground .
tr	O	His little girl was in danger and he was helpless to save her .
tr	I	Tom kicked out , smashing the guards left knee but the guard lifted his sword for a killing blow .
tr	I	Derek just murdered his own father , but he may not know it yet .
tr	O	It didn 't make any sense to us , and the stories of German atrocities were scarcely believed .
tr	I	She 'd been certain a moment ago , too , but he sounded so certain .
tr	I	His alone , and no , it was his fault .
tr	O	No one is answering and I can tell that you 're really scared .
tr	I	He winced in pain , and Instantly Eliot saw Clare 's face in his mind .
tr	O	I thought I could talk to her afterward , but after the eulogy , she was gone .
tr	I	Wesley 's pleading look assuaged her , but her eyes narrowed dangerously .
tr	O	He knows I know , but he doesn 't care .
tr	I	Everybody was right , but I went to art school because I wasn 't good at anything else except drawing .
tr	O	I tried to smile , but it did not fool him .
tr	O	He took one of the chairs in front of my desk and I took the other one .
tr	O	Lucy paused and I heard voices in the background .
tr	I	Allie could not save him , but he would be the victim of all this .
tr	I	The sheet was tugged away and my coffee was set aside .
tr	O	she says , and I stop crying tears of happiness because now I am laughing .
tr	O	The nurse said that 's common and I shouldn 't worry about it .
tr	I	I certainly enjoyed learning to attack more than I liked repeatedly attempting to free myself from an assailant , and Bex seemed to enjoy teaching those more .
tr	O	Still I promised him I wouldn 't cry so I don 't , but I hold pain for him that is only now about to die away .
tr	I	He immediately informs the rest of the team , and the first operative to reach the plane sees that it has finished unloading .
tr	O	She prefers the former , but she won 't balk at the latter .
tr	I	I doubted they 'd be happy ones , but I had no idea what kind of memories I 'd see down here .
tr	O	He wasn 't willing to rescind his loveless vow , clearly , but I was wrong about the apathy I 'd thought he felt .
tr	O	I remember it because our mothers had a row and I cried when Lila had to go home early .
tr	I	He sounded somewhat nervous , and Troy started the conversation .
tr	I	I jumped before running over to answer it and a knock at my door caught me off guard .
tr	O	When the song ended , Noah grinned , breaking the spell , and then thanked the DJ .
tr	I	She held the thick file folder in front of her chest defensively but Helen chose to simply stand in place , eyebrows rising in polite inquiry .
tr	I	If so , she didn 't feel the information passing through her , but she might be the conduit .
tr	I	I am so confused , and since the night we went out , he 's changed completely .
tr	O	Nick met the gaze with confidence , and both the boys looked away at the same time .
tr	O	I smile , but it 's too weak .
tr	I	It didn 't matter -- but we had so little in common .
tr	I	We will keep it at a marina that is walking distance from the cottage , and we bought it today .
tr	I	The door whipped inward , and as Jason knocked a third time , locks disengaged .
tr	O	Those times he had disappeared into the woods , and come back strangely revitalized .
tr	I	We both tried to ignore each other , and I spread out on the kitchen table with my calculations .
tr	O	He should have gone to the FBI then , but he 'd decided to wait the full day .
tr	I	When she saw all the uniforms standing there , she had a meltdown , and Kathy answered the doorbell .
tr	I	Tears start to spill out of my eyes again and I rest my head on his cold chest .
tr	O	John had agreed , but Cain had been tolerated about as well as a noxious odor .
tr	O	At first I 'm afraid to scream but it 's the only thing that seems to faze him .
tr	O	The beer had helped relax me , and the delicious scent of Ethan warmed my body .
tr	O	She didn 't hate him , not down deep , and she wanted to , just because hate was easier .
tr	O	He was unlike any college student she 'd ever seen , but he didn 't look old enough to be a professor .
tr	I	I can tell that he is a powerful person , but he is not so tall .
tr	I	I had no idea that she had any real feelings for me , and I had no idea that she had been the one leaving the notes .
tr	I	For once she was at a loss , but she knew she needed to do something .
tr	O	Kristin giggled and Curtis snorted .
tr	I	Muddy Run would always be home but she may have gotten the world 's attention .
tr	I	We had to put it behind us , and he told me that she was gone .
tr	O	He muttered and I felt myself grow wetter at how turned on he sounded .
tr	I	They wouldn 't let me , but I was on a path to destroy myself .
tr	I	He didn 't glance in my direction , yet my rocking chair was three feet from the airport office door .
tr	O	She places her small hand inside of mine and I squeeze it tightly .
tr	I	I didn 't realize how much , but it felt like this moment mattered .
tr	O	I will find the best torturers in the country and I will give you a slow , slow death .
tr	O	I was waking up , but taking my time coming back to myself .
tr	O	He had her body tonight and that would have to be enough .
tr	I	No words came out but she opened her mouth .
tr	I	Helen saw his shoulders sag , and Jack stared out the window .
tr	I	He was smiling and she was stunned .
tr	I	I prayed Ana was okay , that nothing was wrong , and the dragon shot through the air , toward the island .
tr	O	She jogged up the stairs without me , and I resolved to make this quick .
tr	O	Another noxious breeze assaulted her nostrils and Eve waved a hand in front of her face .
tr	O	The announcer asked him to come back , but he waved him off .
tr	I	You could always sense when they were about to jump in by default and at court they would sit on the sidelines , watching the men train .
tr	O	He knows his life has changed dramatically and for a long time it might feel like nothing will ever be the same .
tr	O	I had made my choice , and I would make the same one again .
tr	O	Cain reached for her throat , and she flung herself backward .
tr	O	Her knees ached , and they seemed a strange counterpart to her backside , which still stung from her regular morning beating .
tr	I	She didn 't intend to let any negative energy ripple through the crowd and she knew how fast gossip spread .
tr	O	Not that I wanted to do anything drastic right that moment , but I had to know if there was an out , ever .
tr	I	It slammed up against me and his partner immediately kicked at the base of the bedroom door .
tr	O	My mother said I had a green thumb , but I always knew there was more to it .
tr	I	There were shadows on all faces now , but there had been a shadow on his face .
tr	O	She tried to escape , but the knot held tight .
tr	O	Her right eye was missing and her nose had been so badly pummeled it resembled putty more than human flesh .
tr	I	I watch Megan expertly mount Storm , and June waves me over to her .
tr	O	He could only whisper her name , but she lifted her gaze to his .
tr	I	He swore under his breath and he glanced back .
tr	I	That reminds me of him even more , but there 's a musky scent in the room , something that doesn 't exactly smell like Elder .
tr	O	I am utterly dejected and I feel like I haven 't slept in days .
tr	I	She 'd long ago given up trying to understand their peculiar tendencies , and it seemed to be the case in her family , at least .
tr	I	He could not look away and he felt his heart heavy .
tr	O	Colton slowed down but Reece kept running .
tr	O	My clientele are special and they have special needs .
tr	O	I 'd gone into defense mode , and I wasn 't happy about it .
tr	I	As much as Pearl had , and she wanted Travis to love Gregory as much as she did .
tr	I	I followed her gaze and she looked down at something .
tr	I	It has no historical precedence , but a modern shower in a tract house in the suburbs may seem like an odd venue to experience bliss .
tr	O	It got even harder for her to breathe and her heartbeat seriously needed to slow down .
tr	O	He looked up as I approached and I saw what he was doing .
tr	O	A trio began to play at the end of the bar , and several people got up to dance to Winter Wonderland .
tr	I	Now I knew how wrong I was , but I 'd thought he was getting better .
tr	I	He could only call his mood elated , and it was the start of a new Season , his first complete Season with Elizabeth as his wife .
tr	O	A few gulls were circling high up in the sky , and a stray dog had appeared at the end of the road .
tr	O	I know they can be nasty , but I 've never had any trouble .
tr	I	He planned to tell them in person , and Ryan had every intention of telling her family about his decision to let them raise Sam .
tr	O	It appeared they may have mistimed their ambush slightly , but they were more than making up for it .
tr	O	There was a second of startled silence , and then the goons went for their guns .
tr	O	Dylan 's eyes glittered in the darkness , but he went silent .
tr	O	Her eyes nearly popped out of their sockets and she looked at Caroline , bewildered .
tr	I	He flinched at my touch , and I tried to grab his arm .
tr	O	A small sound escapes me and Blake whips his head around to look at me .
tr	O	The thick blonde Aryan hair had been reduced to a crew cut , and dyed chocolate brown .
tr	O	Maris moved her hands , and he immediately freed them .
tr	O	They checked the trail that led up the hill but there were no others about .
tr	I	He hates it and I 'm hostile .
tr	O	She 'll be safe soon , and I 'll be strong .
tr	O	A few strokes brought me to his side , and then I had him .
tr	I	He knew it , and I hadn 't messed up .
tr	I	She was herself , and she was home .
tr	I	As he pushed his way inside , he flipped on the lights , and randomness ended at the door .
tr	I	She was ashamed of it , but as I studied her , I realized suddenly that not only was she hiding something .
tr	I	They all moved to the long table at the far end of the hall , and Supper was announced then .
tr	I	Hudson was sitting at the next bench , but David was nowhere to be seen .
tr	O	The association of local insurance agents came in for their monthly lunch together , and since it was so hot , they were almighty thirsty .
tr	O	At the edge of his memory a bit of his dream held on , and he heard himself scream .
tr	O	She called home , but there was no answer .
tr	O	He snapped his fingers , and his own bodyguard came to attention behind him .
tr	O	She felt nothing for him at the moment besides a slight irritation , but perhaps an attraction could grow .
tr	O	John 's eyes glittered , and the old wrinkled face broke into a wistful grin .
tr	O	Instinct had me recoiling , and then I was immediately embarrassed that I did so .
tr	I	He lurched for it , and the phone rang .
tr	O	The half smile was there , but it lacked its usual smugness .
tr	O	I don 't want to stop touching him , but the need to have him inside of me is so intense .
tr	I	His eyes widened and his wave froze .
tr	O	I screamed it in my head and pretty quickly , I felt him withdraw .
tr	I	The Atlantic approached and I slipped into drunkenness while she rambled , pouring her insane mind on to my drunken one as Portugal passed below us .
tr	O	The man stared at the letter with a sober expression , but the expression wasn , t cold .
tr	O	God loves life , and being a lawyer is no more important to God than chasing mice .
tr	I	Hagan still couldn 't remember that Nick didn 't drink coffee and they 'd been partners for almost three years .
tr	O	Every pond has floating candles and all of the water fountains are colored with lights under the water .
tr	I	He seemed determined not to disappoint a single person and he had brought his own money .
tr	O	He 's uncertain , but he was clan leader for all his life .
tr	O	Instinct told her she could trust Ben , but at the same time her brother was right .
tr	O	She 'd talked it over with her parents and all agreed it would be the highlight of her grandfather 's life .
tr	I	He held up a hand , but she opened her mouth to speak .
tr	I	He wasn 't having any of it , but I tried to return to my dormitory in a state of confusion .
tr	I	He supposed that over the past year that opinion had changed slightly , and he had always thought her pretty .
tr	I	He heard the metallic ring as the hook struck the wood and it landed heavily .
tr	O	A death is a death , and a loss is a loss .
tr	I	It thunders to life and he starts up the engine .
tr	I	Several people turned to look and his voice pitched a little too loud just as the song ended .
tr	O	The hot liquid spills down my throat and the heat is almost unbearable .
tr	I	I squeezed my eyes shut , and the room shifted to the left .
tr	I	He swore Lady Westfield would pay with her life if his death came by my hand , but I would have killed Eldridge long ago .
tr	O	A van rolled into the parking space on the other side of them , and a bunch of ragged guys spilled out , carrying music equipment .
tr	O	If you wanted to talk to a stranger you could , but there was no pressure .
tr	O	Claire was exhausted , but she couldn 't stand the idea of giving up before they 'd gotten a solid lock on Roth .
tr	I	He contemplated the cubes as though they were objects of a secret rite , and I tossed him the dice .
tr	O	Ilona looked at John for any sign that he was uncomfortable with the question , but he looked her straight in the eye as he answered .
tr	O	His hands are still bleeding , and I am getting quite concerned .
tr	I	He melts into me and I arch into him .
tr	I	I convinced her otherwise , but she talked about pressing charges , Connor .
tr	O	He was still very thin , and he depended on his cane to keep his balance .
tr	O	I came in close and I gave back answers .
tr	O	I couldn 't translate all of it , but I recognized several curses .
tr	I	It hasn 't ever been more than a humble farmhouse , but my old house has been added onto over the years .
tr	I	His dented pride could not tolerate it and her ex-husband wanted a fight , probably because she had left him .
tr	O	I half expected some type of alarm to go off , but only the quiet of the evening greeted me .
tr	O	He guessed it was his turn to wait and he 'd never been much good at waiting .
tr	O	Debbie opened her mouth to say something , but words wouldn 't come .
tr	I	It was worth it , but Practice would start late .
tr	O	An audience had formed across the street , and I was sure the cops would be there any moment to arrest them both .
tr	O	Panic rises within me , but I bat it down .
tr	I	She quickly hid it , but as though something had just struck her deep .
tr	O	They took his dad straight back and he hasn 't been out since .
tr	I	I 'm stunned , standing in the middle of the front office , but he leaves .
tr	O	His stomach knotted and for one moment bile rose .
tr	I	Ted was careful to keep the distance between them pretty constant , but gradually their pace slowed .
tr	O	Rohm looked dumbfounded , but that was alright .
tr	O	Half of it lies here and half remains on your plane .
tr	O	The table looked like a magazine spread and I was beaming with pride .
tr	O	It didn 't hold any substantial financial worth , but sentiment carried a far higher value .
tr	O	Everyone leaned forward to look as she opened it , and there was a soft hiss of amazement around the Circle .
tr	O	She still has practice , but I go to the school anyway .
tr	I	All I felt was the carved moldings under my fingertips , but I wanted to feel some sort of connection to him .
tr	O	Richard still seems shaken up by it all , a little vague , but I think he 's starting to get better as the scars heal .
tr	O	I don 't know why , but it 's like a revelation .
tr	O	Agatha nodded with pride , but her smile faded as she looked down at her gnarled hands .
tr	O	So , just follow us and we 'll lead you to the hospital .
tr	O	Surely if I 'd given the man enough time , he would have attacked me , and I would have had to defend myself .
tr	O	He felt more alert , though his hands were shaking and he was developing a headache .
tr	O	He 'd gone driving last night after he 'd left Roxanne , and he 'd registered nothing until he 'd happened by this place .
tr	O	The ship was in a state of shock , but Darius ' mind was quite the opposite .
tr	I	It did a whole lot of nothing , but I banged on the side of the fence .
tr	O	It had been a delicious lunch and he patted his stomach .
tr	O	He kissed her with all the love he 'd been holding back , and the last of Julia 's fears fell away .
tr	O	More jets flew over and more explosions shook the ground as Chairman Z 's journey took him closer to help .
tr	I	I clutched the armrest , and my stomach turned circles .
tr	O	I 've stopped talking because there 's really nothing left to say and there 's this piercing sort of pain where my heart is .
tr	I	This time isolated the audio , but she rewound the Texas footage .
tr	I	The black blood being born in our tribe was an omen and Red became the color of our power .
tr	O	The waitress appeared and she summoned a sailor .
tr	I	The space opened up and abruptly the tunnel widened .
tr	I	Deep inside he was frightened , but Hiro kept an expressionless face .
tr	I	She willed herself to breathe deeply , and she felt the anxiety tightening in her chest .
tr	I	Her brother wasn 't one to give up , but it might take the man a little while to do it .
tr	I	He was no longer panting but his face was still red .
tr	I	If she had her scent she was in even greater danger , but he couldn 't help her if he couldn 't find her scent .
tr	O	She didn 't know if her soothing tone would relax him , but it was worth a shot .
tr	I	The numbers seemed endless , but likely it was exhaustion .
tr	I	The knots in my shoulders untied , and my exhale came like a sudden release of air from a balloon .
tr	I	I reached for her arm to stop her , but she started to lift her cover-up to put it back on .
tr	O	I haven 't told Bo yet , but I 'm not going back home .
tr	O	I knew Jess could be a mean drunk , but this was harsh even for her .
tr	I	He killed her and she was fine .
tr	O	He 'd tucked in his white undershirt , but that was as formal as the occasion got .
tr	I	Gage took them silently and the earthen steps were steep .
tr	I	The Bursar had gone to sleep on him , and the Librarian had gone back to being a deckchair as a suitable mode for shipboard life .
tr	I	She froze and his nostrils flared at her movement .
tr	O	I faked a growl and she poked me in the arm .
tr	O	Joshua turned to his older brother , but there was no answer .
tr	I	They both incited much interest from the females in the kingdom , and both of them were eligible bachelors .
tr	O	Fortunately for this woman I was not one of them , and I smiled at her .
tr	O	All lights in the house had been doused and the music silenced more than two hours earlier .
tr	O	She looked at me warily , and I took a deep breath .
tr	I	There were still a few spots left to sit down , but it was already relatively full of people .
tr	O	His hand snagged the shoestring and he pulled Charles toward him .
tr	I	In the past four months , he 'd learned to embrace it , and Hope , he 'd learned , was sometimes all a person had .
tr	I	I saw her boyfriend in there with her , but I went to her room to say something .
tr	O	My knees started to shake and my breath was coming in fast , uncontrollable pants .
tr	O	I 'm not sure whether she intends for me to follow her , but I do .
tr	O	Kenneth 's sharp intake of breath concerns me , but I slump in relief at his resigned response .
tr	I	Your sign was literally right there and we arrived back in the present .
tr	O	Weird that this had been going on in my backyard and I didn 't even know , because I usually got off work around ten .
tr	O	The glamour will fall and it will be unprotected .
tr	I	Her grip tightened and she inhaled .
tr	O	Marcus kept the glare going for a few moments , but it was a forlorn hope .
tr	O	Inside was dark as night and there was barely enough room for the two of them , both sitting up .
tr	I	Rock barely held on as she split between two cars and suddenly she swerved .
tr	I	They had no choice , but Gray couldn 't argue with her .
tr	O	The cigarette lighter popped out and he snatched it from its electric cavity .
tr	I	His eyes showed the agony that attacked him , but John was awake .
tr	O	Colby studied her for a long moment , and then he smiled back with lazy sensuality .
tr	O	I hit the unlock button and she pushed the door open .
tr	I	Abortion just wasn 't an option for me , but I wasn 't going to judge what was right for someone else .
tr	O	The creature didn 't reply , but it looked straight at me .
tr	I	The blue of his shirt made his eyes practically glow , and his blond hair was a bit shaggy .
tr	O	They were honest enough , but they were a nuisance .
tr	I	He waved it away , but she brought a glass of water to Ned .
tr	O	I wait for Jack to make another comment but he keeps his mouth shut .
tr	I	Also none shall leave , but it keeps us safe by allowing none to enter .
tr	O	I curl my fingers tightly around his wrist and his breath comes out in a quiet sigh .
tr	O	His eyes narrowed at the sight of them and he leaned into my chest inhaling the scent of my hot skin .
tr	I	He drove the army as fast as he could , and Wilmot was still as enthusiastic as ever , however .
tr	O	The moonwalk entrance flapped open and kids began pouring out .
tr	O	The mosquitos became frantic in their flight and the dragonflies flew swiftly about the traveller 's shelter , snatching the mosquitos out of the air .
tr	O	Her eyes were sad as Cassie pulled away , but she was smiling brightly .
tr	I	I 've forgotten it entirely and I was cooking dinner for you .
tr	I	James held her in place with a firm hand on her back , but she tried to thrust back on him .
tr	I	He sent Reece in for testing , and she mentioned this to their family practitioner .
tr	I	Christmas music was playing and the mall was decorated for the holidays .
tr	I	Then maybe she shouldn 't be thinking at all , but she didn 't know what to think about any of this .
tr	I	The bird gives a caw of objection , and I slip my knife from its sheath .
tr	O	Jen looked into the gloom for the shade but it was gone .
tr	I	The bedroom faced east , and the God King 's palace was higher than the surrounding wall .
tr	O	The front door opened and two large men stepped inside .
tr	I	I get her out then I keep her with me , and you give me the key to wherever she is being kept .
tr	O	They 're gone to us , but not really , you know ?
tr	O	He touched her shoulder and she could feel the relief at her safety flood through her .
tr	O	I whispered in his ear and he started to tickle me .
tr	O	Any woman with half a mind doesn 't , but he doesn 't think as we do .
tr	I	You 're not part of them , And Keller didn 't need to add .
tr	I	He looked like an intern and we had seen him give a speech on a Main Street event .
tr	O	Adam had never forgiven himself , and neither had his father .
tr	I	His hardened length pressing against the crotch of my swimsuit bottoms approved wholeheartedly , but his face registered something like surprise .
tr	I	He returned her gaze and she stared at Steven .
tr	I	I am ignorant of many things , and I know many things .
tr	O	We are strong and we will prevail .
tr	I	It 's quiet and he stops barking .
tr	I	She whimpered as if in pain , and the pup 's eyes grew white .
tr	O	It was such a simple thing , but there was a beauty to it .
tr	I	Trevor was out of reach , but Nate tried to prod him .
tr	I	I pursed my lips to stop myself from smiling at him and he winked at me .
tr	I	A fresh pair of arms took their place and the arms that were cuffed together fell to the rocky ground .
tr	I	Most likely he would never be sitting in this airport waiting to board this flight and if she was successful , she would change history .
tr	I	At the same time the stage spots lit up the area to the left , and the lights dimmed .
tr	I	Gabriel finally got some time off , but he had to wait another week .
tr	O	Had she always been off kilter and I hadn 't seen it ?
tr	O	She recalled riding his huge shaft , and an answering wetness came between her legs .
tr	I	You want me , and I trust you .
tr	O	I yank the string and the give it more slack .
tr	I	He was listening , but Yankee didn 't answer .
tr	O	Jasmine was the suffering for their quarrel , and Ainsley 's heart went out to her .
tr	I	All eyes were on Stone and they were smiling brightly .
tr	O	He started to reach for the photo album on the bedside table , but at the last second , he drew his hand back .
tr	I	It seemed as though Jeff 's was getting quieter , but they couldn 't understand what the muffled voices said .
tr	I	Instead of causing trouble he keeps the community together , but I guess you can compare him to a mercenary .
tr	O	All around the campsite , Company D protected me from the straggling Freaks , but the battle felt far away .
tr	O	His head slid back from her , and he glanced up .
tr	O	It was Susie , but you two are the same .
tr	I	There 's no going back , and someone did this to me .
tr	O	It reminded me of that first day with the motorcycles he was bigger , though , and I felt even more like a child now .
tr	O	We chatted for probably at least an hour and I actually ended up liking her .
tr	O	Lights start switching on and fluids begin to flow .
tr	O	Her eyes narrowed and her lips pursed .
tr	O	My voice didn 't falter , but my heart was aching .
tr	O	It wasn 't the way the drill sergeant had told us to do it , but I didn 't give a shit .
tr	I	She is attempting to resist my charm , but I am doing my best to make her my wife .
tr	I	Mike didn 't think he 'd have been able to say yes to the position , or the situation was temporary while Simon recovered .
tr	O	He 'd dropped the yellow cloth and it lay next to his body .
tr	I	He hadn 't complained , but the wound ran deep .
tr	O	I 've heard her husband was from one of those wealthy Boston families , and he was incredibly handsome to boot .
tr	I	Sara could have sworn she saw a fifty on it and Ron handed Thomas a bill .
tr	I	He opened it before she did so ... but Vain was about to knock on the door to Dr. Clarity 's room .
tr	I	The comforter at least covered the sheet , but Evan 's bed wasn 't neatly made .
tr	O	I knew I was safe , and in that moment , that meant everything .
tr	O	Her lithe frame molded against him and he reveled in the feel of her softness pressed to him .
tr	O	FENCE means you bring me things , and I give you money for them .
tr	I	That was a top priority , and he wanted his son back .
tr	I	He 's moving around too much , but I try to follow his line of sight .
tr	I	It had always been only a dream , but she 'd always dreamed of meeting one for real .
tr	I	It was easy to see it was a rabbit feeding and the spot grew in size .
tr	I	For all my searching , I 'd gotten one word , and I 'd spent the last several hours going through records .
tr	I	My mouth went instantly dry and my skin started to burn .
tr	I	White ferries glided past , and the green water glittered like diamonds .
tr	O	She tried to get over the passenger seat but it took too long .
tr	I	He really did care about us , and he was a good man .
tr	O	I looked around as I entered into the living room , but I didn 't see my mom anywhere .
tr	I	Something close to it slipped out of her mouth , but she tried not to laugh .
tr	I	I winced , clasping my wrist , and Pain shot through my left arm .
tr	I	A younger werewolf could take him down easily , but his animal was a wildcat .
tr	I	Then the alarm clock buzzed , and it was still dark outside .
tr	O	She began slinging it around her body , but I interceded .
tr	O	The door eased open , and her dad peeked in .
tr	O	His smile stretched right into the middle of his ears , and Mary simply had to say something about it .
tr	O	Nikki kept the bourbon flowing and the music got louder .
tr	O	Celia 's perfectly sculpted teeth parted , and I thought deliriously here it comes !
tr	O	He meant to the healing richness of the soil , but he could make no references to where they were .
tr	O	The meat was dry and the cheese like plastic .
tr	O	Of what lay ahead , and what he could not allow to happen .
tr	I	I continued into my room and Will turned to go in .
tr	I	It hurt like hell but she said it softly .
tr	O	His smile was cautious , but it was full of real affection .
tr	I	His arm snaked around her waist like a vice , but she started to leave .
tr	O	I have tuition due in a few weeks , and we have rent .
tr	I	I didn 't like how it made me feel ill at ease , and I had a black cloud hanging at the back of my mind .
tr	O	Mara laid her hand on his arm but he shook it off .
tr	I	Allie could tell his mind was frantically racing through possibilities , but he said that with absolute certainty .
tr	O	His erection was pressed against my backside , and I couldn 't stop my hips from fluttering into it .
tr	I	It 's a tragedy in its own right to throw that away because of something neither of us did , and we 're so good together .
tr	I	It was coming down on top of her , and it was coming down .
tr	O	She missed his touch at her ankle , but she forgave him as soon as his fingers traced a gentle line over her cheek .
tr	I	What he 's really looking at is inside his own head , but she tries to follow the gaze .
tr	O	Their mouths were a breath apart and their gazes fastened to the other .
tr	I	I cried in his arms before I left and Jack took me to the airport the evening of my flight .
tr	O	He was right and she hated him for it .
tr	I	Patches of stars shone through it and the roof had collapsed long ago .
tr	I	I am lost , but I feel like I should be able to .
tr	I	I was too weak but I let you take care of Becca when it should have been me .
tr	O	He had tried to take it from her , but the light had died in it when he 'd touched it .
tr	O	You think it won 't hurt people to break rules but it does .
tr	O	She rose , beaming , and she clasped his hands .
tr	O	He 's got his overalls down around his ankles , and boy he 's humping this thing in the moonlight .
tr	O	She takes him from me , and he attaches to her with visible shivers of pleasure .
tr	O	I had an idea for small boutique hotels , and I persuaded a banker there to finance me .
tr	O	Yesterday , her wedding day of all days had started out wonderful but it ended not all that fun .
tr	O	A scream tore from my throat and her attention shifted from him to me .
tr	O	The blonde slid to the floor , and Jane stepped over her body .
tr	O	He was injured so badly , but he still reached out to her .
tr	O	His head was hurting , and he was feeling sad .
tr	O	I 'll try to be a better person , and you do whatever you can today .
tr	O	A door slammed on a shack near the road , and an elderly woman hobbled toward him .
tr	O	Soon I 'll be slug fodder and the beast will be able to feast on my flesh at its leisure .
tr	I	She refused , but I asked her to sit down .
tr	O	It was well lit and now there was traffic we had to contend with .
tr	I	It 's painful to look at , but Trick 's mouth pulls up in what approximates a grin .
tr	O	Logan looks serious , and this alarms me .
tr	I	Rhiannon turned toward them , and one of those insipid little humans yelled .
tr	O	The morning was still very early and he wanted to make it over to the Old State House by noon .
tr	I	The Cook Strait had lived up to its reputation for wind and it had been a wet spring on the South Island .
tr	I	The king said nothing , but the impertinence in that throw should have earned her a trip to the gallows .
tr	O	He might be afraid , but I 'm not .
tr	I	Your rebels will earn our appreciation , and well , give the God King 's priesthood what we desire .
tr	O	The door clicks shut behind me , and I put my pumps back on .
tr	I	This test would allow him to see if Guillaume would tell the truth , but Maximilian already knew the answer .
tr	O	I gave her the address , and she agreed to come as soon as possible .
tr	I	The frame rattled as the door slammed behind us , and Dee ushered me out of the room .
tr	I	Suddenly I realized he was on the wrong side , but I had never snapped at him like that before .
tr	O	His hands stayed where they were , still as bones , and Karou knew he was fighting the urge to hide them .
tr	I	Rising almost by the hour , and it was now at fifty .
tr	O	I thought it would feel weird after ... everything , but I can 't help it .
tr	O	Sebastian bumped into her and their backs came together .
tr	I	She quickly realized the cars wouldn 't stop to let her pass and one step into traffic .
tr	I	Tears still pool in her eyes but Hailey gives me a small smile .
tr	O	She leant forward for glass number thirteen and her hair fell down across her face in a wave .
tr	O	He had to make a statement to the press eventually , but first he needed to examine the evidence .
tr	I	He let her settle deeper onto him at her own pace , but beneath her , she could feel how tense every muscle was .
tr	I	His skin was lobster red , and he was covered in soot .
tr	O	We took several blood samples , and the results were the same .
tr	O	It 's a tunnel and there is something pulling on me to enter .
tr	O	He didn 't have any money on him , or he would 've given it all to the child .
tr	I	Still crying he gave her a bloodshot stare and he rubbed his temples .
tr	I	Once again I blamed myself , and I thought of Stephanie , for I knew we must be near the underpass where her body was found .
tr	O	Your purpose manifests in many different ways , yet there will only be one composite outcome .
tr	O	Most were ... eating , and a little distracted .
tr	I	We finish and you come back tomorrow .
tr	I	You had a tan , and your hair was loose .
tr	O	The whole mess was Romain 's fault , and now he had Jasmine working with him .
tr	I	She smiled , and he barked .
tr	O	He led me to his bedroom , and my heart rate picked up .
tr	O	A lawn mower buzzed in the distance , and bees flitted around the newly sprung daffodils .
tr	I	His chin scruff was tightly groomed , as was the faint trace of his moustache but there was a craggy shadow of day-old stubble on his cheeks .
tr	O	Music thumped , bleeding through the walls , and I sighed .
tr	I	Then it takes the shape of a tall figure that moves whimsically , but at first I think it 's from the moving branches outside my window .
tr	O	Constance might be angry , but she 'd never contact you .
tr	I	All my thoughts have gone fuzzy and he 's practically holding my hand .
tr	O	I not only found them , but Adrienne 's soul as well .
tr	I	The prince staggered back , clutching his arm , and Blood misted on the air .
tr	I	His eyes widened and his voice trailed away .
tr	I	You 're not getting any more of it , but probably the best kiss you 've ever had .
tr	I	The man sat down again and the woman left .
tr	I	Harriet bit her lip , and Eleanor blushed in shame .
tr	I	I opened my eyes and my feet touched the ground .
tr	O	Not too long before , the thought had been suffocating , but now that she was here , it felt just right .
tr	O	The floor had still been damp , and they 'd tracked all over it .
tr	I	Jenny had gone to cheer her on , and Dee had taken a kung fu exam .
tr	O	I hear fast footsteps gaining on me , but I do not stop .
tr	I	He had on fingerless gloves and his leather vest looked well-worn .
tr	O	The situation was critical and the friends weren 't in the mood for fighting about trifles .
tr	I	At forty-seven he 's fifteen years older than I , and Martin is a Vietnam vet .
tr	O	* * * Friday comes and there 's no delivery .
tr	I	I caught her , and the older woman lurched a bit .
tr	I	Some of the sadness in his eyes retreated and I said with a small smile .
tr	O	He hits a line drive to Laura , and she catches it for out number three .
tr	I	At this moment it has a new meaning , but I never much cared for it until now .
tr	I	I could tell Amelia was less than pleased and now I was embarrassed .
tr	O	My eyes stung and I blinked furiously .
tr	O	Brand takes a step and I stop in my tracks .
tr	I	Charlie wasn 't too concerned , but Clarissa peered at her uncertainly .
tr	I	When it came time to tidy up , he turned away , finished , but the blasted man had been in such a hurry to unbutton her .
tr	I	Tonight his fears about becoming a werewolf followed him to sleep , but Chapter Twenty-One Derek had not dreamed since he was thirteen .
tr	O	He had caught a serious sickness , and his mother was caring for him .
tr	O	He figured it was a good investment and he wanted some security .
tr	I	She was fairly certain her skin wouldn 't burst into flames , but it had been years since she set foot in a church .
tr	I	I giggle as he slips around at first , and the tip is slippery from the lube on the condom .
tr	O	She started to run again , but this time she wasn 't able to be fast enough .
tr	O	Mark responded with the same and they both sat .
tr	O	She swirled the dessert wine they 'd used to conceal the sweetness , but in the bronze goblet , it was difficult to see the color .
tr	O	It had been unexpected , but she saw no reason to refuse him .
tr	I	He held me up and I wrapped my legs around him .
tr	O	It had taken them a lot of time at the hospital , and it was now after three .
tr	O	I laughed to myself because not only did I agree , but Mina always had such an eloquent way with words .
tr	I	Something in his eyes changed , but his face revealed no expression .
tr	I	She just arrived from Ireland and she is Mike 's daughter .
tr	I	I am surprised that the fountain in our front yard is running in the winter , and I hear the sound of rushing water to my left .
tr	I	We are not uncomfortable , and we are quiet together .
tr	O	I knew that I was being cranky , but I just couldn 't help it .
tr	O	I 'm not sure whether the rest of the team milling around the pool got Keke 's dirty joke , but I got it .
tr	I	The rest of the world falls away and I lean into him .
tr	I	The same thing occurred : the beads vanished as soon as they touched , and they tried again .
tr	O	The deep scar on his cheekbone made some say that his handsomeness was ruined , but Ainsley disagreed .
tr	O	Myra fell asleep next to him , and he didn 't want to move .
tr	I	He could not be moved by them , but the winds blew against him .
tr	I	Neither of us ever had much , and he worked his ass off , like me .
tr	I	I had the urge to brush it away and his right cheek boasted a smear of dirt .
tr	O	I huddled in the stacks , my back against a bookshelf , knees tucked into my chest , and the cart positioned in front of me .
tr	I	His eyes drifted closed and his head dropped back against the sofa .
tr	I	She wanted to taste him and her gaze studied his lips .
tr	I	His pretend roaring didn 't sound mean enough , but Teddy tried to play .
tr	I	Telling her , trying to kiss her , but because the truth was I did really like Sally .
tr	O	The far doors opened , and more EMTs came through .
tr	I	That was all her body was going to allow and she needed to sleep .
tr	I	He had to head up to the stadium real quick , but Coach was supposed to be here to let you in .
tr	O	He fell into step beside Karen and David happily resumed his water games .
tr	O	Chloe will never know I was here , and she can fight for her life .
tr	O	We made our way over to the girls ' table and Clare slid over to make room for me next to her .
tr	I	The house is clean , but they don 't have much .
tr	I	That happened in 1863 , and I think we 've had one murder .
tr	I	She didn 't answer , so he walked in farther , pausing in the kitchen , but he called out .
tr	O	The wall behind the Dark Altar changed to mist , and Daemon walked through the Gate .
tr	I	He held her hand firmly in place , but her first reaction was to pull away .
tr	O	When they went out into the corridor , Selena tried to yank the nearest door open , but it didn 't .
tr	I	I grabbed her arm , but she grabbed up her bag off the floor .
tr	O	Not until educations were completed and careers launched .
tr	O	Arriving at the gateway to the old town the horsemen shot an arrow at them but it bounced off the thigh of a Jesus statue .
tr	I	It felt like my chest was going to explode , but tears poured down my face as I tried to catch my breath .
tr	O	Luther , near death , groaned , and Nora made her first mistake .
tr	O	A tear rolled down her cheek and Nick wiped it away .
tr	O	Will handed it over , and I called my dad .
tr	O	He 's looking at me like he wants to devour me , and the sexual tension emanating from him - from me , from us is palpable .
tr	I	She wanted Ryland Miller , and in a dream she could do anything , have anything .
tr	I	The first set of doors closed and a ding sounded from outside .
tr	I	Life with Sam was like being in a dream , but I had always pictured myself alone .
tr	O	I stand up straight and nearly fall over .
tr	O	His frown grew almost angry , but she could swear she spotted a bit of guilt in his eyes , too .
tr	O	Every instinct screamed that there was something wrong , something he was missing , but he had no idea what .
tr	I	A neighborhood canvass to see if anyone saw anything , and we 've completed the Buckley house search .
tr	O	The doors slammed behind them , and Sebastian clapped his hands together .
tr	I	She could see the desire in his eyes in the darkness and his eyes were heated .
tr	I	I didn 't need them to , and they couldn 't worry about me .
tr	O	I looked around and there was Elle .
tr	O	She grinned up at him , and the wicked glint in her eye sprayed gasoline on his fire .
tr	I	I am free to float into the sky , and the anchor strapping me down has been cut off .
tr	I	I could see the definition of his muscles under his thin white dress shirt , and his jacket hung open .
tr	O	Falcons are faster than most other birds , and the screaming inside my head convinced me that speed was essential here .
tr	O	My heart is accelerating and I feel nauseous .
tr	O	She was over him , and this would be the absolute last time that she 'd shed tears about him .
tr	O	It wouldn 't be the first and it wouldn 't be the last .
tr	I	She was special and she was Nikki .
tr	I	She stole a glance at him from the corner of her eye and Royce reached for his goblet of wine .
tr	I	She goes to the center and the circle opens .
tr	O	Again it was echoed by a cacophony of others , and in a wave , the invaders charged back into the battle .
tr	O	The other sorcerer shrugged , and they both began to chant .
tr	I	Yet he was willing to claim it , and he didn 't think the baby was his .
tr	I	The road to recovery will not be an easy one and I am afraid it will take some time for you to adjust .
tr	O	A heat , this unimaginable flush , charged through her and she felt that tug in her lower body that Sarah had told her all about .
tr	I	You did anyway , but you didn 't have to help me .
tr	O	It is damaged but I believe it can be repaired .
tr	I	He would bet she did not know , but he was unsure why he thought so .
tr	I	Through it I saw the familiar busy street and a narrow gap formed between the trees .
tr	O	The men were alone and the forest was still .
tr	I	Julian arrived a few minutes after I did , and Donald was back at the airport before me .
tr	O	Her mind might recognize the truth , but her body was still catching up , breath rasping from her lungs .
tr	O	I don 't suppose I considered their family positions , as such , but I knew they would be safe .
tr	O	This was rehearsed and she knew it .
tr	I	He was working in a democratic campaign office for free , and Cecil was studying .
tr	I	He had suspected something like this might happen , but he didn 't want to hurt her feelings .
tr	I	He wiped a hand across his brow inhaling deeply , feeling the drain the Elements took on his body , and Sweat dripped down into his eyes .
tr	O	His eyes sharpened just a bit , but he didn 't say anything about her rejection of him .
tr	O	The chocolate burned my tongue , but I drank it fast anyway .
tr	O	Vin shrugged , and she sounded perfectly honest when she spoke .
tr	O	I knew I wasn 't going to erase that anger , but we were talking .
tr	O	The flow of the water was fast and it was muddy .
tr	O	He was no longer dripping but he felt cold all over .
tr	I	I turn my face away from him but he tries to kiss me .
tr	I	I want you to be careful but I don 't know what she 's planning .
tr	O	The point score over his head flashes red , and a second later the number decreases by five .
tr	I	Several of the foreigners jumped out and the truck screeched to a halt .
tr	I	It crackled like a vat of hot oil , and soon the entire room was covered with the strange mist .
tr	I	I always look stunning in black and I was working .
tr	O	I would stay home , and my parents wanted me to stop pursuing my own deal .
tr	I	Riley glanced around as if noticing it , too , and everyone was out of earshot .
tr	I	I shook it and she put out her hand .
tr	O	Though he had stabbed it , the wound was superficial , and he 'd had no time to properly prepare his weapons .
tr	O	Surprised , I glanced up , and he gave me a weary smile .
tr	I	He wanted milk and he had to pee .
tr	O	You took off without letting me get a word in and all that weight came crashing back .
tr	O	It didn 't escape his notice that he hadn 't seen a picture of her late husband , and his curiosity grew .
tr	O	It was a prince to the rescue , but it was not her prince .
tr	I	The beginning is the end and the end is the beginning .
tr	O	It was almost as if she was preparing herself for a battle , and yet all he had done was ask her out .
tr	I	Manny coughed and Jerry fumbled with tying his shoe .
tr	I	Chanting is not begging , but when one chants there is always a desire .
tr	I	Nikolai was equally holding his own in an elegant black suit paired with a crisp white shirt , but she thought her golden dress was a showstopper .
tr	O	It was far from a finished piece , but the likeness was one he easily recognised .
tr	I	She was dry somehow , but it was still raining .
tr	O	Ray was a loose cannon and this would not end well .
tr	I	Her heart sped up and their gazes caught .
tr	O	Grams didn 't answer and Courtney suspected she hadn 't heard her , which was often the case .
tr	I	I needed to stay somewhat focused on getting us out of here , and that sight would surely unhinge me .
tr	I	His arms flowed around her , and his mouth formed to hers , responding .
tr	I	Air squeezed out of her lungs , and she stepped into the house .
tr	O	People are scared , and a lot of them are hungry .
tr	O	It turned on , and I braced myself for horrific images .
tr	O	Allie assured me he 'd be nice , but the guy made me nervous before I knew we were related .
tr	I	I can 't tell from his face , but I wonder if he is teasing me .
tr	O	Abby was sobbing , but the words were clear enough , each one cutting me to the core .
tr	O	The power had corrupted Seth , and he was only the First .
tr	I	She wasn 't willing to give him up and a lot of work had been done yesterday .
tr	O	Hadrian rushed her , going for her throat , but a field of some kind forced him back .
tr	I	He turned his head , blowing the strands from his mouth , and the wind rol ing off the water blew my hair into Jared 's face .
tr	O	Sebastian noticed it very well , and Julian perceived it even more .
tr	I	My heart sank and they disappeared out of view .
tr	I	It looks like you are at work , but we 're waiting outside of your apartment .
tr	I	Then I see them , but I turn to run .
tr	O	The Posse leader , Jaden , was once Brazen 's best friend , but there was a gulf between them now that could not be bridged .
tr	O	He knew his goal and for the first time , he felt soiled by his intent .
tr	O	His head reeled back and his nostrils flared angrily .
tr	I	She could feel the guilt lesson , just a bit , but Lily was still overwhelmed by grief .
tr	O	Tyler frowned and I held up my hands to block his accusing look .
tr	O	Guilt tore through me , and my full stomach protested .
tr	O	Her hand is firm against my neck , but her bottom lip is trembling slightly .
tr	I	Grace spoke first , but Josh opened his mouth to answer .
tr	O	Sunlight can never hurt me , but I do have a weakness .
tr	O	It was little to the liking of either of them , not even after facing so many other perils ; but it did not last long .
tr	O	Blinding pain consumed me , and it was a wonder I was still conscious , be it barely .
tr	I	We knew that we were no longer inside the house and the light from my flashlight shone off the damp rocks .
tr	O	The wound on his shoulder was visible but it has been dressed with a dark bandage .
tr	I	When I do , my own voice drops out of the argument , but it takes me a few minutes to realize that .
tr	I	The cut on her chin began to bleed again and her dress was soaked with bloody water .
tr	O	There 's something in my mind and I want it to stay there , to lead its life in my mind .
tr	I	Her gaze darted between the boys and Katherine 's eyes widened .
tr	I	It always will be , and it always has been .
tr	O	Said Alonso , who didn 't want to say it , but he had to admit that Lea was doing pretty good .
tr	O	Something about the man put Jeff on edge and he wanted to be prepared in case there was trouble .
tr	I	A large boot stomped onto his chest , pinning him to the ground but he made to get up .
tr	I	You said she 's not there but I thought she would go to your house for the night because you guys live so close .
tr	O	Tonight felt like winter , and Manfred shivered .
tr	I	She simply placed her weight on her left foot , but her right leg buckled .
tr	O	He wasn 't watching Ashlyn , but Danika , his expression shuttered .
tr	O	It was the same dull red color as the front door , but it looked even more decrepit .
tr	I	She could make it out , but they 'd have a man , maybe two outside .
tr	O	She went back to her desk and I sunk further into my distraction .
tr	O	My heart aches , but I can 't let myself think about Brady today , not when we have to go to school .
tr	O	I was willing to testify on Cole 's behalf , and I told him so .
tr	O	Egg swam well , and Dunk did not .
tr	I	I can see him assessing the information and he is completely guileless in explaining to Laurel , even Anthony doesn 't interrupt .
tr	O	A bit of sun would have helped , but it remained steadily overcast , with dark clouds rolling over us from the west .
tr	I	Its bass boom rings out once more and before the sound from the first ring dies out , he lifts the bell again .
tr	I	She realized they had to pick up some food , and they took the train to the apartment .
tr	O	A gig this good couldn 't last forever , and then I would have thrown away college for nothing .
tr	O	He experienced it every damn day , and he was more grateful for that love than she could ever rationally understand .
tr	I	I cannot speak but I can read lips .
tr	I	Baby Jenks couldn 't take it in , snore , but Davis would read out loud from that one sometimes !
tr	O	Lindy started to retch when her tears were spent , and she knew she was about to lose her dinner .
tr	I	He winked , and she glanced at Justin , to see if he knew what Cyrus was referring to .
tr	I	Her stomach burned , a hard knot of pain , and Jaxon 's fingers twisted together .
tr	O	The wooden door opened and she stepped inside silently .
tr	O	He flicked her nipple again , and she gasped .
tr	O	We have a new song to learn and I have written out the words on this sheet .
tr	I	I was trying to keep an open mind , but I wasn 't sure how positive thinking correlated to my uterus .
tr	O	It was peaceful , and I was relishing the time alone with him .
tr	O	You didn 't take it and that 's good .
tr	I	Despite this , was doing a good job , but Nathan knew John did not have the technical expertise .
tr	O	I 've already changed things for the better but things aren 't yet the way they need to be .
tr	I	I lit up my third cigarette when I hear my mother talking to Nicole , but I 'm not really sure .
tr	I	It was a good start , but it was not a success .
tr	O	If I didn 't tell her , she 'd just pull strings until she found out , and she had a bunch of strings to pull .
tr	O	It wasn 't Gran who called my name , and we both turned to see the addition to our small reunion .
tr	O	Dreamer looked at him curiously , and he giggled at her .
tr	O	I hadn 't noticed them before , but they had to have been there .
tr	I	We 'll get you somewhere warm and let me get your coats .
tr	I	I slide my arm around his waist and he puts his arm around my shoulders .
tr	I	His face is clean shaven and Kamil 's hair is short .
tr	I	Dammit , it was important to me , but okay , my blog was seriously the least of my worries .
tr	I	Unfortunately she was drunk more often than she was sober and when Regine was drunk it was a whole other story .
tr	I	The basement walls waterproofed and the shingles were replaced .
tr	O	I should simply withdraw the offer , but luckily for you , I 've decided not to .
tr	O	I answered honestly and Robin fell silent .
tr	I	She shuddered , and I looked at Mem .
tr	I	A tankard of your good brown ale would do for us and some slices off the boar .
tr	I	Maybe it 's just as well , and so far as I can tell , we 're never going to have any children .
tr	I	He could stand without stooping , but the ceiling here was a bit low .
tr	O	The math was simple , but that didn 't make this any easier .
tr	I	The smile disappeared and his shoulders sunk .
tr	I	I grabbed his pistol and without hesitating I lunged at the one facing me , knocking his head hard on the side of the van .
tr	I	I 'm not saying I 'm any better than her , and I 'm not saying she didn 't have her good side .
tr	O	She might not be afraid , but he was scared enough for both of them .
tr	I	We were so scared we would lose her , and she was too small when she was born .
tr	I	His jeans rubbed against her bare legs , but Grace snuggled even closer to his warmth .
tr	O	Jerome of the cathedral was there , and he looked miserable over the proceedings .
tr	I	Evan finished my root beer , and they demolished the two baskets in a few minutes .
tr	O	Davis herded the cook into the kitchen and she started making breakfast for all of them .
tr	O	The door opened and Ed Mulvaney entered .
tr	O	Trying to get her to open up to him was like trying to pull teeth and he was damned tired of it .
tr	O	He would laugh right now , but then she would hear him .
tr	I	It had only been a week before , but it seemed like ages ago .
tr	O	The smile faded , but his eyes didn 't waver .
tr	O	I looked back up at the roof of the RV , and Jeremy was still there , in the same position .
tr	I	I obeyed and every corded , delicious muscle of him made my mouth water .
tr	I	He sliced the wires off me , wrenching me to my feet and at once a knife shot out of his other hand .
tr	O	The train came and they began their journey to London .
tr	I	There is a muffled thump and the rumbling pauses .
tr	I	He suddenly became very tired and the weight of all that had happened seemed to descend on him all at once .
tr	I	I let my hair fall back around my face and a little piece of me groaned .
tr	O	I start counting my footsteps for something to do , but once I reach eight hundred , I lose interest .
tr	I	Instantly I knew why nobody had noticed me , and then I saw a woman at the center of the stage .
tr	O	He scared her more than any of the others , but for some reason she 'd rather be with him .
tr	I	It throws me off , scares me , confuses me and she holds my gaze .
tr	I	They seemed to be enjoying what they were doing and the figures in the puzzle picture seemed truly animated .
tr	I	Liz would remain in Dundee , but Isaac would be moving on .
tr	O	I 've been inside all day , and besides , I want to keep an eye on Ben .
tr	O	He reached into his pocket , and I yelped , jumping back .
tr	I	She knew who could ease it , but she didn 't know how to ease whatever he had aroused .
tr	O	Moving in that direction , he waved his arms again and this time caught something in the crook of his elbow .
tr	O	His mouth was dry and he could not swallow .
tr	I	We knew it was there , but we couldn 't see the white Cessna inside .
tr	I	You can compare it to your own experience , and I guess I 'll start from the start .
tr	O	She pauses as I deliberate what she 's asking and I can 't believe I 'm even considering it .
tr	I	The fevers struck , and why , they hadn 't given him water for days .
tr	O	Graham 's voice might not be up to his usual volume , but he 'd held on to his strength of will .
tr	I	The horses closed in , and I did as she directed .
tr	O	Oliver Hector 's voice sounded right beside me , and I had to clamp my lips together to keep from shrieking in surprise .
tr	I	Judging by the light outside , not much time had passed , but it was impossible to tell how long I 'd been out .
tr	I	Dermot hurried out to his car , and I heard the screen door bang .
tr	O	The sheets were soft and the pillows were fluffy .
tr	I	They shouted at each other and Justin had noticed they were arguing about something because she looked upset , angry .
tr	O	He wore green goggles over his eyes , and the back of his long black coat thrashed about behind him like a cloak .
tr	O	This , this ... The rhythm began , and Iona 's thoughts dissolved .
tr	I	Claire pulled away from Noah , and she heard the elevator ding .
tr	I	The culprits never identified and the items were never found .
tr	I	There was no sense in it , but I might have held up the lie a little longer .
tr	O	Her imagination took over and she could see herself beside him .
tr	I	She shivered , and his erection pressed against her .
tr	I	Evelyn prayed he wasn 't in the middle of that fracas and unfortunately the girls couldn 't see Jamie anywhere .
tr	O	They can stay with us as long as they 'd like , but I expect most will want to get back to their lives .
tr	O	Her sanding had stopped , and she was now focused solely on me .
tr	O	He began to play a new song , a different one , and he started to sing .
tr	I	It grew and the show had a loyal following from the beginning .
tr	I	Off the land , hoping someday he would return to civilization after the chaos had ended and he would live in the country .
tr	I	Garrett found himself remembering the conversation , and his father had called just as he was stepping out the door on the way to the docks .
tr	O	I wished I could read their minds , but I guessed they were thinking that I , too , would be easy money .
tr	O	Asia got up then , her briefcase in hand , but she did not reach out to shake his hand .
tr	O	I hit the emblem , and the fire on the sword goes out .
tr	I	Julia started retreating again , step for step and he started walking towards her again .
tr	O	Using Fila to help was one way to skin that cat , but he didn 't like the taste that thought left in his mouth .
tr	I	I didn 't say good-bye , but I hugged her tight .
tr	O	I was remembering the last time I 'd seen little blue lights like that , and I was suddenly sick with knowing .
tr	O	He felt the blackness of death descend over him and as he died , he heard her last whispered words .
tr	I	I was pretty sure we 'd never make it walking , but I wasn 't sure how far away the ranch was .
tr	O	Andra tried to shift , but his grip tightened .
tr	I	He didn 't want to risk being inside the ship when it exploded , but he might survive being in the middle of the gas .
tr	O	All he had to do was raise his hand and he could leave this island .
tr	I	They could at least have found a clean cloth with which to hood her , but she had expected to be bound , of course .
tr	O	This wasn 't okay , and it wasn 't fun .
tr	O	A pile of laundry was near the bathroom , and shoes lay in a heap by the closet .
tr	I	A matching helmet covered with spikes protected his head , and a solid black breastplate adorned with gold imagery was on his chest .
tr	I	I shook my head , and she asked .
tr	O	It wasn 't a very secure grip but it was the best I could get .
tr	I	Rhyme heard a strange hissing noise , and Juda howled in pain .
tr	O	It had been a long few days and I was ready for that bath I promised myself .
tr	I	I know it 's the furthest thing from the truth , but I wish she were repulsed by him .
tr	I	He tore himself from her and the magnitude of the moment , of what could have happened , scraped at his already raw insides .
tr	O	I balled them together in my lap , but I couldn 't ball my emotions together .
tr	I	The other was just below her ankle and one was on top of her foot .
tr	I	I 'd be forced to listen to a replay of their weekend for at least a month and he 'd ask for her number .
tr	I	The rest is history , so to speak , and my clerk subsequently took the booking for the memorial service .
tr	O	I ask , and he nods .
tr	I	It didn 't always work like that , but that 's how I imagined it going .
tr	O	Phillip took a step closer , and she could smell his aftershave .
tr	I	He licked his chapped lips , and his mouth immediately watered .
tr	O	Lights ran along the walls ahead of us and the tunnel kept going on like that for some distance .
tr	I	Then her eyes fel to his lips , and Claire watched him .
tr	O	Visiting hours are from 5-7pm today and she should be awake by then .
tr	I	A small boy ran into the dome and a pair of swinging double doors nearby flew open .
tr	O	He was in the bathroom and Jase couldn 't see him .
tr	O	I want to be strong for you , but I don 't know if I can .
tr	O	The light flashed on again , and he directed it over the walls around them .
tr	I	He quickly recovers , but his voice catches .
tr	I	She was the only person to lead the way , but Life had to go on .
tr	O	The task of her destruction was mine , but I have failed .
tr	O	You should know how to recognize the GR markers , but we 'll get you a map just in case .
tr	I	You 'll get used to it soon , but unusual working conditions have thrown you off .
tr	I	Pete came into view , and Julie bit her lip .
tr	I	She didn 't see the smirk that passed fleetingly over his face , but Griffin didn 't notice , at least she thought he hadn 't .
tr	O	Jason , with his wide muscular shoulders , could have been a football player , but sports were of little interest to him .
tr	I	The flicker in her eyes conveyed more than words , but she had the tact not to say anything rude .
tr	O	She might be too drained to produce much of her own , but it would be obvious to her how much I was using .
tr	I	Claire paused in her packing to soak it in , and the smell of fresh bread wafted through her room .
tr	I	The words wouldn 't come , but she wanted to respond .
tr	O	It ran well ( when it ran ) , but it was not aesthetically pleasing to look at .
tr	I	We have to keep her alive every second of the day , and she is the most dangerous being in the world .
tr	I	He had won his life mate , and they 'd found their rogue .
tr	O	I felt my jeans loosen and her hand reach down inside .
tr	O	I don 't know you , and I don 't like you .
tr	I	He had been so intoxicated that he had thought he was invincible , but Anna had tried to stop him .
tr	O	Cami had interviewed her , done the reference checks , but even so , one could never be too careful .
tr	I	Then he did as I said , but Evan seemed to hesitate .
tr	O	The smash-hit boy band is currently looking for a instrumental band to play the music they sing to and auditions are being held in California .
tr	O	I hated to admit it , but he was scaring me .
tr	O	She cringed and her hold fell away , turning away with a sob .
tr	O	I avoid funerals as much as possible , and until the last couple of years , I 'd been pretty good at it .
tr	I	My stomach growls , and something smells delicious .
tr	O	She never did ; and she had never , in his memory , spoken his title .
tr	I	They had set it aside in order to offer him comfort , yet they had been stricken by grief as well .
tr	O	His eyes come up to meet mine , and there is no humor in them .
tr	O	She would do so if she thought it would ease the pain , but she knew it wouldn 't .
tr	I	He was six foot three and the top of her head was just shy of his earlobe .
tr	I	She could tell it was expensive , but it wasn 't flashy .
tr	O	I didn 't think it was the detail I was looking for , but it was possibly related .
tr	I	He was uncertain whether she was actually French , but she spoke in flawless French , her accent perfect .
tr	I	I start to squirm on the counter under his stare and he still doesn 't say anything .
tr	I	Brianna blew out her breath in audible relief and when we got to class a few minutes later , Rigel was there in his usual seat .
tr	O	I keep wanting to write but you know I hate email .
tr	O	Frank Collins , standing next to Bishop , kept staring back at his son , and Claire didn 't think that look was concern .
tr	O	She 'd lost so much already , and to lose Rover was more than she could take .
tr	O	I would dream that she was somewhere needing my help , that she was calling out to me and I couldn 't hear her .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure , but I couldn 't complain .
tr	O	I don 't know why , but I know this is big .
tr	I	By the way , don 't go back to your office and oh .
tr	I	I bet he 's underestimating her , too , but Nicholas examines her as if she were the least of his worries .
tr	O	Tires swished on the wet pavement as cars sped by , and a few of the drivers threw her an appreciative wave .
tr	O	Rena had gone to her parents ' house for dinner that weekend , and although Kane had been there , he hadn 't mentioned Nick again .
tr	O	Faye shook with aggravation , but she would not relent .
tr	I	I obviously didn 't even know him , and we only dated for a few weeks .
tr	O	Her voice was cool , but her lips curved in a shy smile .
tr	I	You do your best to keep surviving and you find other locations to trade with .
tr	I	It was nice to hear it , but I assumed she remembered me .
tr	I	The food was passed around , and Pappy said a quick prayer .
tr	I	I was terrified to be away from him , but I understood the concern for safety .
tr	O	Something was obviously up with him , but there was no way he 'd get away with speaking to me like that .
tr	I	They would still kick me out and if I said that I did , they wouldn 't believe me .
tr	O	The easterly wind continued and it seemed to go right through them , wet as they were .
tr	O	Said the little girl with a bright smile , who was now awake , and Luisa went to sit on the bed with the child .
tr	I	I couldn 't let them out , but words sat on the tip of my tongue .
tr	O	Many myths surrounded that place , and my spirits were high because the distance was short .
tr	O	She pouted prettily , and he wondered if that was one of the things they taught wealthy young girls at schools like Miss Porter 's .
tr	I	My body flew forward through the doorway and the door swung open from the pressure .
tr	O	The man rounded , his mad eyes swimming with hemorrhage , and that dead , hot summer stink washed over Alex again .
tr	O	This was her idea as well , but I see the merit in it .
tr	O	He chuckled and I realized it was the most beautiful sound in the world .
tr	I	She had really enjoyed joining them tonight , and she had always wanted to understand what the big deal was , she said .
tr	O	You look back on y ' family , Beth me darling , and y 'll find all the women have these here religious names .
tr	O	When she looked back to the spirit , it had faded and the air had lost its chill .
tr	O	Nicholas , I don 't regret helping him , and I suggest you try to make the best of it .
tr	I	Their world suddenly became very dangerous and there was a blast of trumpets .
tr	O	I don 't and I saw it .
tr	I	Compared the handwriting to the note they 'd just found , deciding both notes appeared to be written in the same hand and he read it .
tr	O	Then a goblin approached , and he was not stopping .
tr	O	He laughed , but Iona wondered .
tr	I	Caution turned to laughter as we roamed the aisles for items , but I was cautious at first that someone might see us .
tr	O	Devon may be a vampire , but this was the real monster .
tr	I	Gan interrupted , and she blanched .
tr	O	Bill was wearing a suit , of course , and Bettina was wearing a very pretty green dress .
tr	O	Each person shall have justice and the punishment will be fair , always commensurate with the crimes each has committed .
tr	O	Words escaped her a couple times , but she backed to contemplation .
tr	O	They could hear the screams , yet they did nothing .
tr	I	They understood that a difficult decision had been made , but the rats , being rats , were not keen on seeing a grinning cat .
tr	I	His head snapped back and as he bent forward , her right knee came up to meet his chin .
tr	I	I can tell his eyes are scanning the surrounding area and as we walk across the courtyard , Andrew brings me closer to his side .
tr	O	You 're going to become my wife , and you 're going to do that because you love me .
tr	I	It lets me get my hands around Zander 's shoulders , but I regret the hasty shove I give him .
tr	O	He wanted to treat her to a cocky grin but a real smile was all he could offer .
tr	I	She pressed the smooth edge of the glass as hard as she could while they collapsed and they both fell against the wall .
tr	O	He grasped her hand , to dab perfume on her wrist , but Lotte stopped him .
tr	I	It was finally time to make my presence known , and this was the moment we 'd been waiting for .
tr	O	I had this idea for another play , and I 've worked out more details concerning that one about the hairdresser .
tr	I	Her body froze and her face paled .
tr	I	She sank deeper onto him and her knees weakened .
tr	I	Her heart continued to knock rapidly against her ribcage , but Scarlett let out the breath she 'd been holding .
tr	I	Her body settled into his and whatever she saw there made her stare then her eyes went blank .
tr	I	The wind robs the rest and it 's so loud that other people 's conversations drown out most of his words .
tr	I	He 's expensive , but if anyone can help Hamilton , he can .
tr	O	Dropping an arm around my shoulders , he pulled me into the shelter of his body and I went , resting my cheek against his chest .
tr	I	They 're getting smaller , but Big crumbs at first .
tr	I	Her question was still firm , but Valentina 's voice was quiet .
tr	O	They 'll probably keep a watch on me , but I already am useless in my old age !
tr	O	Then I was aware I was moving , and I realized that Eric was carrying me .
tr	O	His erection throbbed at the idea , and he cursed it .
tr	I	I was out , and before I could punch her , pain hit me .
tr	O	Anyone is welcome to join me , but if not , that 's fine .
tr	O	He interpreted her expressions as wonder , then anger , followed by bewilderment , and ending in a harshly judgmental laugh .
tr	O	Long hours passed before Murdoch returned to Daniela , and he arrived even later than he 'd intended to .
tr	I	With a quick look at Akane he closed his mouth firmly but Ranma started to say something .
tr	O	Within moments he was snoring and I did my best to stay awake .
tr	I	She would be gone and hopefully he would only find the scent of a large cat .
tr	I	Every time they spoke Ilya had some new adventure to recount , but those were meager accommodations compared to living in a manor house .
tr	O	I thought maybe it could be Petr , because I took his soul , but maybe it isn 't him .
tr	I	Sam caught a glimpse of scarlet , and came Vale 's shout again .
tr	I	He spoke in a seductive whisper , and his mouth moved to her ear .
tr	I	He knows best and I told myself he is our leader .
tr	I	She holds on to me , wrapping her arms around my waist and silence grows around us .
tr	O	I may not know him , but I like his hand .
tr	O	I heard a thud , and dust rose in clouds up out of the trap door .
tr	O	She gasped and he made an apologetic wave of his hand as he rose from the couch .
tr	I	To Julienne he looked wonderful , but he didn 't look well .
tr	I	The stars hung bright in the sky and the night was clear .
tr	I	They were filed away in his memory like so many chess gambits and he had handled the planning of most of them .
tr	I	It didn 't mean I understood , but he could say that .
tr	O	He frightened me , but I made sure not to show it .
tr	O	Her pearl necklace jabbed into Emma 's collarbone , and she felt surprisingly solid for such a petite woman .
tr	O	Everyone was looking up at Chewy , and Clint could hear their complaints .
tr	O	Colton expected to answer immediately , but instead the word yes caught in his throat .
tr	O	The police don 't know about your connection with Peeper and they don 't know about the blackmail - yet .
tr	I	She 'd given it , and he 'd even asked permission to kiss her .
tr	I	Laila was climbing over , and Duke was already on the balcony below us .
tr	I	She looked around the room , a room that he seemed so out of place in , and Jewell finally managed to tear her gaze from his .
tr	O	I felt shaken and my mind was churning with doubts .
tr	I	His heart stopped beating a few seconds later , and his body dropped to the ground in a heap .
tr	I	It took long enough , thank you very much , but it took a split second for her to realize Isaac crouched in front of her .
tr	O	The limo could have seated at least twelve , but only five others occupied the soft leather benches .
tr	O	His fever was still going , but I convinced him to drink some water .
tr	O	He 'd been adamant only moments ago and now he seemed completely indifferent .
tr	I	All of them looked so free , and some of them were laughing .
tr	O	Evie quickly made up her mind that Tony was a crashing bore , and she actually felt quite sorry for Clare .
tr	O	I offered him a hand , and after a moment 's hesitation , he took it .
tr	I	He nodded , and I explained what had happened at school .
tr	O	Piers pulls me to my feet and I hand him the can of water .
tr	O	Not long after I was out he showed up at my door and that 's when things started to make sense for me .
tr	I	He only smirked at me , but I blinked in surprise .
tr	I	Ensuring that they were as close as could be and she embraced their relationship .
tr	I	Most Bostonians would be on their way to happy hour and Steve would probably still be at the office , even though it was Friday .
tr	O	Lorelei started to walk down the street and Liam followed , still holding her hand .
tr	O	They have a bunch of different gods here and the horse god is one .
tr	O	Luke nodded his head slowly and I turned back to Joseph .
tr	O	I won 't eat a lot , but it 'd be mean not to share with me since I 've been such a big help all day .
tr	I	She sucked in another breath , and she looked puzzled until my tongue reclaimed its territory .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but it was a poor man 's drink .
tr	I	Josie was in the end zone and it was late in the game .
tr	I	The children noticed he was wearing a priest 's collar and the man with her turned back .
tr	O	I also got to meet her mother during our little trip and the woman seems like a real bitch .
tr	O	His fangs barely showed , and his eyes had banked the red-orange glow of fury .
tr	O	With a sigh Angela 's head fell to her chest and William breathed a sigh of relief .
tr	I	I laughed quietly and her blush deepened .
tr	I	He hesitated to go inside and it was closed .
tr	I	There was still so much I didn 't know about him , but we 'd come so far together .
tr	O	The south side of the lake is all marsh and this particular point of land seems to be about two feet above water .
tr	I	In moments , the truck drove away , weaving a bit , but she couldn 't hear what words were exchanged .
tr	I	I gasped as my muscles clenched around him and he slid his length into my wet warmth .
tr	I	He threaded his fingers through mine , and Aiden 's hand slipped down my arm .
tr	O	Grandpa Jamie demanded , and the man jerked .
tr	O	He was going to kill me , but I killed him .
tr	O	I 've had my heart broken one too many times and I 'm done .
tr	O	He switched off the engine , moving to stand beside me and he opened the bike 's storage compartment .
tr	I	He remembered it well , but he 's retired now .
tr	O	Luke was smiling , but Dennis didn 't share his good humor .
tr	O	Quince hit the floor on his back and his weapon fell out of his hand .
tr	O	It was a more up-tempo number , but that really was all that could be said for it .
tr	I	Her fake smile became real and James winked .
tr	I	He breathed easy and the door snatched open .
tr	O	He had rough features , his face bearing a few scars , and his hair was cut very short , like a military haircut .
tr	I	I held her tighter , and the words vibrated against my chest .
tr	O	I followed the woman 's lead up the steps and we entered via a pair of gargantuan oak doors .
tr	I	I did have other options and Dawn was a sweet girl who needed this break .
tr	I	My plan depends on him not being home , but I regret not boldly driving to his doorway .
tr	I	It 's our bird , but it 's their territory .
tr	O	Shane wanted blood , all right , but not that woman 's .
tr	I	Still everything said by the man seated across from her was incredibly boring , yet her head clouded from the alcohol .
tr	I	He grabbed the dog to keep from grabbing Savannah , and he muttered something about taking Cuddles out for her .
tr	O	Sometimes we Wolves sort of blunder along until we get things right , but when we finally do get them right , we stick to them .
tr	O	One bare foot was visible , and even in the low light , Ice could see claws emerging from disfigured toes .
tr	I	After a few minutes my concentration was interrupted when Stefan leaned down to capture my mouth in a kiss and I lost myself in reading .
tr	I	I lost him in the town square , but Kurt insisted on accompanying me .
tr	O	It must have happened fast , but it felt like slow motion .
tr	I	She only a commoner , and he was a prince .
tr	I	The reward was clear , but the battle was rough .
tr	O	It seemed the show was really over this time and the crowd started to slowly disperse .
tr	O	I would probably survive the fall and Nisha would just be waiting for me when I got out .
tr	O	The lass went to her father with her fears and he discounted them .
tr	I	He froze as he stared at me , and Jason put both hands in his hair .
tr	O	All she saw was the illumination of the nature all about her , and none of it seemed real .
tr	O	I was no fan of pain , but I had been through this before .
tr	I	Nova climbed over top of him to enter and Ash lay down in front of the tent .
tr	I	I supposed it was something , but it wasn 't the bloody , gruesome revenge that Jasmine had wanted .
tr	I	I couldn 't solidify my hands , but I tried to claw at the windowsill , the stones of the wall , anything .
tr	O	She froze , but as she did so , a massive wind shoved into her from behind , making her stagger into the room .
tr	I	Some were removed , but New governors were given a two year trial period , after which most remained in their positions .
tr	O	Her bedroom door opened and her mother walked in .
tr	I	I had betrayed that trust and he had trusted me .
tr	O	Frank was carrying a bag with the name of a local department store on it , and he placed it on the bed .
tr	O	Mr. Ii shouted against the advancing army , and the boys began to fulfill their own plans for this battle .
tr	O	I jerked my gaze up from my hands , which I 'd been wringing in my lap nervously , but my bed was empty .
tr	I	At the end of the aisle , standing beside Hades 's throne , was Hermes , and rows of the dead turned to watch us .
tr	I	Talon had never before been caught out like this and they 'd known each other for over a thousand years .
tr	I	She started to believe that they had made it , and around the next bend in the trail she could see canvas through the trees .
tr	I	He couldn 't quite bring himself to say it , but he knew what Tyson wanted to hear .
tr	I	It sounded like a good idea , but he hadn 't thought about it .
tr	O	He swung after Rico caught it , and Hank roared with laughter .
tr	O	Pain sliced through her eyes briefly and his arms gave her a squeeze .
tr	O	She digs a half-smile into her cheek , and my stomach twists like a tangle of bungee cords .
tr	I	The chosen one was far off in her mind but she could admit that she was different .
tr	O	She doubted her voice was very good but when she sang , she managed not to be able to hear it .
tr	I	They 'd had Jill much , much longer , and Sonya had been in bad shape when she 'd been rescued from the Warriors .
tr	I	He was already reaching into his pocket for his phone , but Isabelle looked at Simon with questioning dark eyes .
tr	I	The door to Howard 's private apartment slid open , and one of the goons produced a key card , swiped it through the scanner .
tr	I	Gilded mirrors hung on the wall beside French paintings , and the hardwood floors gleamed .
tr	I	I sit impatiently , waiting for the next file and Lucien continues to plough through the computer records determinedly .
tr	I	I don 't even know what that would be , but it 's not what I 'd choose to do .
tr	O	The alarm cut off and I sighed in relief .
tr	I	The light vanished instantly and the floor was rough .
tr	I	She took it , but Kira 's brow furrowed .
tr	I	Melody didn 't understand any of the words and the song was in Gaelic .
tr	I	Then to make sure it was free and he gave a tug now .
tr	I	We are , and you wanted us to be friends first .
tr	I	His brain took another moment to decipher them , but Gray heard the words .
tr	O	A feminine voice said behind me and I turned around .
tr	I	He reminded himself he had no need of a warhorse , but his throat tightened .
tr	O	You led by example , and it took me a while to admit to myself what I realized deep down the whole time .
tr	O	He lifted his hand toward Rhyme , and the orb was cast from it .
tr	O	I grabbed Jessie 's arm , but he pulled away from me .
tr	O	Her talisman was within her grasp and she couldn 't take it .
tr	O	I tried to quiet her , but she laughed on , until at last the broken laughs turned to sobs .
tr	I	He should have discussed it with her , allowed her to come to terms with it , but Marcus may have done what he thought was best .
tr	O	I 'd read all about the effects of the line but I never thought it would be so pronounced .
tr	O	She had many suitors and her pending betrothal was the talk of the Commonwealth .
tr	O	Violet tried to convince herself otherwise , but she was a woman with needs of her own .
tr	I	I didn 't like where this was going , and the feeling of someone watching us persisted .
tr	I	He moved causally aside , and he watched calmly , his mind moving at extraordinary speeds , as the arrows left the bows .
tr	I	He had failed , but he had tried to remove even that small risk .
tr	I	Right now he looked angry as well , and he always looked nervous .
tr	O	Their shields deflected the blast 's fury , but the jet sliced the catwalk in half .
tr	O	I wish it made me feel better , but it didn 't .
tr	O	The man then turned the switch off and everything disappeared .
tr	I	The ambiance was one of an easy gathering of friends , and fewer than twenty people had braved the cold to catch her show .
tr	O	Someone needed to guard it , and Perry needed Brooke for her eyes .
tr	O	Rebecca was fairly certain he didn 't mean what he 'd said as a sexual innuendo , but his words still brought visions of August 16th .
tr	I	There 's little real traffic , but we 're on an interstate .
tr	I	I wasn 't trying to make him jealous , and I wasn 't sure where the Mike accusation came from .
tr	I	She 'd also known he might save her for last , but their past affair wouldn 't stop him from hunting her .
tr	I	A glance outside should answer that question , and he wanted to know what time of day it was before he staggered downstairs .
tr	I	She forbade it with a soft sudden gesture , but I wanted to hold her again .
tr	O	It looked more like a stop on a historical tour rather than a concert venue , but that 's the thing about Charleston .
tr	O	Oliver made several attempts but the pornography channel was the only one that seemed to be working .
tr	O	I reach the window and it 's open a crack .
tr	O	I shifted so I was on top of him , and he grinned like I had just given him award .
tr	O	Their ship was repairable , but there were too few of them to man it .
tr	O	The door was opened a crack and Rose saw Marielle inside , eyes wide , with a hand over her mouth .
tr	I	Her fingers held him in a grip that hurt , but he jerked his hand back .
tr	O	The fear of losing him was real and with my hormones making me think crazy things , I just didn 't want to imagine it .
tr	I	A figure moved out from behind the shadows at the back of the cave and I managed to open my eyes .
tr	I	There was an edge to his voice , but he was still smiling .
tr	O	I bring my knee to his balls , and he does the same like a reflex .
tr	I	It was just too hard , but I almost explained that for once I was conscious .
tr	I	I felt a twinge of pride that Callum didn 't trust this human and neither of us responded .
tr	O	I probably would have become a vampire anyway since I wanted to spend eternity with her , but now I have the best of both worlds .
tr	O	Nicole wanted to take over her father 's company , but she wasn 't looking to take over the world .
tr	I	I feel it all and my heart opens up .
tr	I	It was locked but Eddie tried the passenger door .
tr	I	I looked over at him and Joel shifted next to me .
tr	O	She winced when she met his eyes , and her dim smile melted into a sigh .
tr	O	The idea took root , and though he searched for any other options , Slade realized he was truly screwed .
tr	I	The day was a Saturday and St. Wiz had been formed .
tr	I	We started talking , and he just happened to sit down next to me .
tr	I	A section of the floor was actually a stream , but the tunnel 's walls didn 't change .
tr	O	Ada jumped into motion , always ready to dance , but the new steps didn 't come out as expected .
tr	I	He glanced over it as if it was the most natural thing , and his sweeping gaze did not miss the vines wrapped around the wheel .
tr	O	That 's what L says , and she 's right .
tr	O	His wound did not appear to be life threatening and they were able to press on .
tr	O	The bottoms followed and Carlo 's hands were everywhere , touching , sending tingles throughout her body .
tr	O	He says something with a soft smile , and she rests her hands on his shoulders .
tr	O	They could build their own home , and he would be home each evening .
tr	O	Trees as high as fifty meters littered the place and they held in their wide trunks the tree houses .
tr	O	The stick broke off into two directions , and Skinhead fell over like a tree .
tr	I	He 'd never answered her question and she 'd asked him about the saddest day of his life two nights ago .
tr	I	The others showed up , and I wasn 't alone for two seconds before Bishop , Caden .
tr	I	Annie 's face was impassive but he looked down at her .
tr	I	Another fireball blasted through it and he turned towards the window .
tr	I	Otherwise it was comfortable , but the log was damp .
tr	I	Each time the muscles tightened another intense rush of sensation ripped through me , and my insides were clenching that thick rod inside .
tr	O	The nurses at the nurse 's station look at me in alarm but I don 't stop , even when they call for me to .
tr	I	He was impossible to get close to , but T.J. was difficult to stay mad at .
tr	I	The bite of nausea was a constant at the back of her throat , and the pounding was getting worse .
tr	O	She had the sensation of Peter on her left , pulling forcibly on her arm , but in her mind , she was slipping away .
tr	I	Tantalizing shivers followed , and his hand stroked up her calf , across the back of her knees .
tr	O	She reached lower , and a groan escaped from his lips .
tr	O	Together we will ride this storm out , and together we will survive .
tr	I	Cameron liked that she didn 't pull away , and her hand remained on his arm .
tr	I	I don 't know what my other gift is but I know Zeke gave me the power to move stuff with my mind .
tr	I	Her cheeks flushed and their eyes locked .
tr	I	It wasn 't directed at me , and the growling by my side got louder .
tr	O	He went to the bathroom and Theresa listened as the shower was turned on .
tr	O	Ellen was with the first squad and she was to go inside .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to protest but he was gone .
tr	O	Lei Yeung didn 't seem rattled by the gaffe , but I was .
tr	I	We finally exited the building and he winked at me .
tr	O	The rainy season was definitely upon them , and chances are it would be there to stay .
tr	O	Reuben begged to go with her but she insisted that this was a trip she had to make alone .
tr	I	The research commenced by order of the king , and monstrous was precisely what he meant to achieve .
tr	I	I started to shake and admitting it out loud made it more real .
tr	O	I miss you and I 'm afraid .
tr	O	She knew that she was happy here with Mr. Hayes , and she hoped that it would stay that way .
tr	O	When Tom lowered his hands to his gut it left his head open and Doug accepted the invitation by slamming his left hand into Tom 's face .
tr	I	He didn 't , but Rico must assume that Cy has already informed me about him .
tr	I	In the end , she agreed , but Crystal took a little more persuasion .
tr	O	It was dark inside and several other people were seated around a long , rough-hewn table .
tr	O	I wasn 't supposed to be at the warehouse this evening , but I showed up .
tr	O	From now on they were making up their own rules and no one had a say in anything .
tr	I	I began people watching again and I soon gave up on looking for him .
tr	I	It was only a plain white shirt , nothing special , but his white shirt reminded her of the pirate captains she had seen in movies .
tr	I	The pleasure blowing through her but White lights went off in her head , blinding her to everything .
tr	I	I eagerly drank from it and Dr. Moss placed the plastic cup to my lips .
tr	I	We dropped onto a black iron arm of the spinning ride , and I pulled him off the golden face of the pyramid tip .
tr	O	My legs were placed over each of his shoulders and he rubbed the underneath of my ass as he positioned himself .
tr	O	Rose understands that he 's helping her get away and she feels relief that she is going to escape this ordeal .
tr	I	Gretchen held up her number again , and one of the bidders dropped out .
tr	O	Her eyes narrowed , and then she shot an accusing look at him .
tr	I	By all accounts wasn 't much wiser , and Deuce wasn 't much younger than Ace .
tr	O	Dante saw me out , and it took every ounce of control to walk calmly to the Volkswagen .
tr	I	Now it was the Robotic Era , and these others had been mere humans , though .
tr	I	She tried not to let it bother her , but that concerned her a little .
tr	I	I did too , and he exhaled .
tr	O	This was supposed to make me feel better , but it didn 't .
tr	I	He definitely wasn 't interested now , and he hadn 't been interested before .
tr	O	A good cop knew a crime like this one was personal , and unfortunately Ray was a good cop .
tr	O	I lightly ran my fingers through the shorter hair near his neck , and he sighed contently .
tr	I	I hope to change that , but I read : Dear Grandson : Circumstances have prevented me from being a greater part of your life .
tr	I	He felt that he was experiencing a lot very quickly and as much as he hadn 't planned any of this , it was an education .
tr	O	The Undead bit into it , shrieking with pleasure , and then began to play with the severed limb , beating the shrieking woman with it .
tr	I	Now he would try to get it back , and Mad Rogan had expended all of his magic .
tr	I	I had no other choice , but I didn 't trust him .
tr	O	I circled my hips , trying to reach him , but my legs held me securely against the soft bed .
tr	I	Berlin wasn 't what Nina expected , but she wasn 't here to be a tourist .
tr	I	I could not figure out why , but everyone was clearly livid with me .
tr	O	He could have killed them all , but how could he destroy Kay 's father with her standing there , watching ?
tr	I	Mr. Carter just might be subpoenaed to testify before Congress , and Committee hearings would take place .
tr	I	Gradually he sat up , and he forced his muscles to move .
tr	I	I want more , and I get it .
tr	O	She put a finger to her lips , and he nodded .
tr	I	I felt as if someone had been watching me , and every shadow moved as if it was alive .
tr	O	His arms lift me off the ground and I twist my legs around his solid torso .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to warn him but John clamped his hand over my mouth .
tr	I	It was not known how it did so , but dirty water was known to be able to carry disease .
tr	I	There is no bringing back the amazing beauty in those places , but you can hold a memorial for those that were lost in an attack .
tr	O	The Well was only a few feet across , but its power loomed in her mind .
tr	O	I turned to Hunter to see if he had just witnessed what happened , but he was too engrossed in his cards .
tr	O	She 'd lost weight since beginning her trek west , but she was still a far cry from being a tiny woman .
tr	O	He made wide , slow circles around her throbbing nub , and she had to clench her jaw to keep from panting .
tr	I	A sharp pain shot across his skull , and he turned his head .
tr	O	I tried reaching you , but you never answered .
tr	I	Your new family 's forced to claim you , and your real family doesn 't know what to do with you .
tr	I	I also needed to get warm again but I needed to talk to Jules .
tr	O	Relief washed through me , and I sagged against him .
tr	O	Henrietta started to freeze up , her muscles tightening , and her eyes opened as wide as they could .
tr	I	I thought I 'd help out , but I knew that he would return them to the tack room after he had finished exercising Dancer .
tr	I	If the accusations were true , it could explain motive , but none of the charges had stuck .
tr	I	The smell of baking awakened his hunger , and it was warm inside .
tr	I	He was nowhere to be found , but he tried to find Jake to deliver the goods .
tr	I	I heard one of the older Titans ask what this place was and the small sanctuary was quickly filled with our large number of people .
tr	O	He hid it well and he hid it quickly .
tr	O	She knew terror was written plainly across her face , but she couldn 't help it .
tr	I	Just a sliver of the almond torte Kate had bought the day before and he went down for coffee .
tr	I	It was bleeding pretty well , but the cut didn 't look too deep .
tr	O	She 'd not shown up for work the day before and she hadn 't called to report her absence .
tr	I	She 's letting Ryland debrief me , but I can tell she wants to come over .
tr	I	Her attitude was too much the same but her appearance might 've leveled up .
tr	I	Starting walking down the hall to find where Jessie had gone and with nothing else to lose , I stood up .
tr	O	Liz shifts in my arms , and I climb out of bed .
tr	O	Dealing with Collins , Irwin , and their goons was a distant third at this point .
tr	I	It didn 't matter , but I didn 't know where he got the money for it all .
tr	I	That wasn 't a good thing , but I could feel my body again .
tr	I	He 'd also begun rinsing glasses in the sink in preparation , but he said Edward had complained nonstop about having his privacy invaded .
tr	O	Joseph 's mouth twisted with frustration , but in the end , he nodded .
tr	I	She gave out on fifty but Ellen Rose could have done more .
tr	I	Then I nod slowly , and a moment 's thought .
tr	O	He declines , and I 'm secretly grateful .
tr	I	There was no blue light from within and there were no voices coming from it .
tr	I	To leave , but I do not see any other course of action for me now .
tr	O	It frustrated me then , but I love it now .
tr	O	He looked over at me as if waiting for a response , but all I could do was nod .
tr	I	I 'm just pulling books from my locker , making sure I take home everything I need for tonight 's homework , and School 's out .
tr	O	I began to think of all of the people that would want to harm me in Hanover and I could only think of James .
tr	I	After a while it became obvious she wanted an answer , but I waited for her to keep talking .
tr	O	Liu 's face darkened and his smile vanished .
tr	I	Vin wasn 't certain if she wanted to be part of them , and there were forces moving in the world .
tr	O	He waved at me and I went over to him .
tr	I	We cannot protect you out there as easily , and it 's just harder out there in the world of the living .
tr	O	He lectured and he cajoled .
tr	O	I attempted to rip the cold metal away , yet it remained firmly in place , snaked around my arm .
tr	I	When I did , Nic flexed his hips , but I hadn 't meant to voice the question .
tr	I	Together they walked inside , Kelly 's thoughts on Nash 's adoptive mother and Kelly glanced at Nash .
tr	I	They weren 't tears of sorrow , but she swiped at the tears in her eyes .
tr	I	She hadn 't even noticed he was standing next to her and he 'd easily gotten close to her with his mask on .
tr	I	He plays for the Mets now , but he used to live here .
tr	O	Her friends got way more dates than she did , and they both had guys calling them off the hook .
tr	O	Amira wondered for a moment if he had the ember like she did , but his fires were just a conjurer 's trick .
tr	O	He didn 't want to overstay his welcome , but he didn 't want to be rude either .
tr	I	He had brought this upon himself , but this could ruin his life .
tr	I	Very slowly my body eased itself back to normal , but the adrenaline still pumped through my veins like a raging river .
tr	I	She asked me if I could do another reading and I 'd once read the cards for her about a boyfriend .
tr	O	For a time , things felt good again , but still , deep down , Michael knew .
tr	O	At rst they were too big on me , but I put on a thick pair of socks over my tights , so they 're comfy now .
tr	I	His gaze shifted from Bruno to me and Reid 's eyes narrowed .
tr	O	You can 't see it , but I can .
tr	O	I researched it , and it 's true .
tr	O	She was slender , and a streetlight caught her blond hair .
tr	I	It was the only way I could do this without freaking out , but I wasn 't sure slow was something we could do .
tr	I	He struggled to draw in air , and sharp breaths wheezed from his lungs .
tr	O	He was missing most of his lower jaw , and his tongue just sort of hung there , not knowing what else to do .
tr	O	She was a nurse , though , and trained to hide her emotions from frightened patients , he told himself .
tr	I	He matched her rhythm , plunging deeper with every thrust , and she began to rock beneath him .
tr	O	He didn 't recognize it , but the area code was 206 .
tr	I	She protested with a plaintive whimper and he slipped out of her .
tr	O	The hinges squeak and I hear Kayden laugh as I let out a little squeal .
tr	I	Jonas drank her share as well as his own , and Verity turned down the sherry .
tr	O	Dormer pushed down a handle on the front of the box and the side panels slid down to reveal a compact block of machinery .
tr	O	They arrived and she got out of the car with a knot in her throat .
tr	O	I 'd never done it before , and it was much more difficult than I 'd expected .
tr	I	Emily hadn 't said anything and he 'd ask why they 'd hung out three times now .
tr	I	They are all strange , and they are all here .
tr	O	We moved , and my back hit something soft .
tr	I	I winked at her , and she rubbed my leg with her foot .
tr	O	My eyes are welling up , and I feel raw with emotion .
tr	I	My focus is on a few decades that passed three centuries ago , and I am an historian .
tr	O	She had a natural light about her that drew people in , and he wasn 't immune .
tr	I	Our parents did not know how to cope and only in our lifetimes had the cycle changed .
tr	I	Now I 'm pretty sure I know , but before , I wondered what they meant .
tr	I	Then he turned his searchlight gaze onto Alex once more , and Yeager waited until Kincaid was gone .
tr	O	The man 's neck is bent back like he got dropped on it , but everything is covered in hoar frost .
tr	I	My stomach sinks , and vibrating in my hand , the phone reads Mom .
tr	I	Again I demurred , and Cecil offered yet again to drive me .
tr	O	We knew that was impossible but we could try .
tr	I	At this point the other tunnel options led out to a waterfall , and it would be harder for the vampires to navigate through here also .
tr	O	He didn 't say a word , but then he didn 't have to .
tr	O	Sen 's jaw twitched , but he continued the briefing .
tr	I	Then the light disappeared , but her flashlight had made it possible for him to track her movements to the loft .
tr	I	He shuddered under my touch , and I stroked my hand over his hair .
tr	O	He was chained to the wall , and the compartment door was barred from the outside .
tr	O	Her head exploded with pain and she felt dizzy , so faint she was afraid she might collapse again .
tr	O	He loved you all , and he loved his country .
tr	I	On the other she placed a teabag and on one teacup she placed three teaspoons of chocolate powder .
tr	O	Miami was no hell , but it was comfortable at least .
tr	I	Her fingers didn 't work right , and she could barely lift her hand .
tr	I	I 'm not sure how to turn it off and chapter 10 Lola I haven 't cried in forever .
tr	I	I nodded , and he looked down at my license .
tr	I	A knot formed in my throat , and he snatched the baby away from me .
tr	O	I have two horses with me , and I am light .
tr	I	The dragon breaths a stream of fire out of its mouth and there is a laugh .
tr	I	Her breathing became uneven and Sabre 's skin flushed .
tr	O	He was brought through multiple corridors and his fatigued mind soon lost its way .
tr	I	She laughed , sending a jealous , coursing storm through my veins and he said something to her .
tr	O	The rifle shot was sure to have attracted unwanted attention and there would be a lot of scent drifting on the wind .
tr	O	She yelped and her hand went up .
tr	I	He stumbled , and a few pieces of pungent refuse hit Kurt .
tr	O	He took another sip of wine and I heard the liquid hiss through his teeth .
tr	I	It would shut her up , but it would give her what she wanted .
tr	I	In spite of his grave injury , the priest struggled to obey , and it was a command .
tr	O	She 'd picked those out herself and they made her legs look longer .
tr	I	The kidnapper took him to a candy store , where the owner recognized the boy , and the boy wanted some candy first .
tr	O	Ramirez doesn 't have my raw power , but he uses what he has well .
tr	O	Anger swept through him and the metallic flesh on his arms rippled as he prepared a response .
tr	O	As Edwin fumbled with the envelope his pulse quickened , and his head began to throb .
tr	O	He moved to the wall , and he punched in the number of the banker on the phone he 'd stolen from the lawyer .
tr	I	Given the circumstances , Sam was very much afraid that was exactly what they 'd have to do , and to pop smoke was to leave quickly .
tr	I	Obviously Rafe had been hit by Cupid 's arrow , but Adriane didn 't know what to think about that .
tr	O	I asked instead , and she nodded vigorously .
tr	O	I want to tell him I 'm sorry , but I don 't .
tr	O	The brush with death had energized the man from Georgia and he pushed his assault on Pierce with more fervour than before .
tr	O	I have no proof of the matter , but I have to at least try for your mother 's sake , for our family 's sake .
tr	O	He remembered how his father had died and his family had been sold into slavery .
tr	O	This was absolutely horrifying and yet it was strangely titillating to be outside in the sunlight , completely nak * d .
tr	O	It was hard to guess his age , but I figured he was at least forty .
tr	O	Not a single soul was in sight and the street felt like a ghost town .
tr	O	It was what his morals demanded and his father would have expected of him .
tr	I	A lot of them were the deep , dark kind , and everyone in Arcane had secrets .
tr	I	He refused to allow himself to be caught in a vulnerable position , but he had no idea who .
tr	I	My entire body felt fuzzy and my head was totally pounding .
tr	I	A knot formed in her throat , and Eve 's heart lurched .
tr	O	Her heart did an immediate somersault , and not because he 'd frightened her .
tr	I	I knew Julian 's body was as rigid as mine , and my body stiffened at the sound of Sofie 's voice .
tr	I	He wouldn 't leave but Sidra couldn 't believe she was discussing things like this with Rashid in the room .
tr	I	His eyes began to bleed and the sound made my teeth rattle .
tr	I	He would have none of that , but they simply wanted to banish him .
tr	O	The Bastard wants to kill me , Roger , but he needs to do it clean ; in battle .
tr	O	Forcing the reaction down , I smiled , and this time I made it a promise .
tr	I	Elliott waited for Mitchell 's response , but Father Donovan nodded .
tr	I	He slid in beside her and Joni lifted the covers .
tr	O	She must have had many suitors , but none had yet stolen her heart .
tr	I	Jake went on , but Toby didn 't .
tr	O	Add her adrenaline rush at the closeness of danger and her legs felt like they were made of water .
tr	O	He 'd lost his most treasured anchors to this world , and the majority of his people didn 't need him .
tr	O	An eerie silence hung in the air , yet there was no one .
tr	I	We drank and everyone cheered at that .
tr	O	He checks his phone every few minutes to make sure we 're headed in the right direction and I check his face .
tr	I	They bought our ruse , and the feds were watching .
tr	I	I didn 't care , and I didn 't know who Silas was .
tr	O	He refused to be conned , but so far the story made sense .
tr	I	I had a strong feeling that he hadn 't really been talking about French fries , but I couldn 't be sure .
tr	I	A professional repairman could 've come out to take care of the leak , and all it would 've taken was a simple phone call .
tr	I	She did get her fairytale and they really were going to be a family together .
tr	I	The shoes arranged along the back wall went for just as much , and there wasn 't a dress in here that was less than five grand .
tr	I	Her expression quickly turned to one of amusement , but Emmy shot me an irritated look at first .
tr	I	It was being given to her as a gift and Evie wondered if this was some other family home .
tr	O	She 's prettier than me too , but I didn 't bet on that .
tr	O	It was the power hub of the world , and Oliver Russell was the center of that hub .
tr	O	Ryder 's eyes wanted to sag closed , but he forced his gaze to stay open .
tr	I	I particularly refused to see the one they were pointing out , but I didn 't like romantic comedies as a rule .
tr	O	Alyosha nodded , and Baal disappeared .
tr	O	There was a stir at the door , and a guard entered .
tr	I	He wasn 't going anywhere until he made certain she wasn 't there , but Will didn 't know if his brothers could smell Lina .
tr	I	The music from next door drifts through the open window and it 's dark .
tr	O	My stomach was queasy , and my mouth dropped to the floor .
tr	O	I heard her ask , but there was no reply .
tr	I	The double cheeseburger was a Big Bopper and the cheeseburger was a Chubby Checker .
tr	O	Her full lips set off high cheekbones and she radiated an air of relaxed elegance .
tr	O	The sweating blood thing was eww , and she so wasn 't becoming Carpathian .
tr	O	He could feel the distance between them and he had no idea how to cross it .
tr	I	What he became , so much worse than the murderer he had been and he saw the psychotic Saul .
tr	O	She kicked him in the groin , and he went down .
tr	O	Only a couple of cars are parked out front and a few lights burn in the windows of the upstairs floor .
tr	O	Her lips split into a grin , and I thought it was the first genuine happiness I 'd seen from her .
tr	O	Evan laughed back , and his was cold .
tr	I	The door was slightly ajar and the lock had been removed .
tr	I	There are crates onboard , presumable filled with weapons and they confirmed the ship is still in the harbor .
tr	O	Mack glared at me , and I could literally feel the rage .
tr	O	I 've been thinking about you all day and I don 't want to wait until tomorrow .
tr	I	That was all I needed before I pressed my lips down on hers and she nodded slightly .
tr	O	His face flushed red and I stroked his chin .
tr	O	She was a couple of months pregnant and her boyfriend was going to propose to her that weekend .
tr	O	The door opened and she came in .
tr	O	Numerous cuts on her face had been sutured shut , and she looked a bit like a scarecrow .
tr	O	His words were low and I froze for a second .
tr	O	I 'll pick you up and you can ride with me .
tr	I	It never occurred to them to say , Planet of the Apes and the others made several guesses .
tr	I	Without his shirt to soften it , it would chafe , but I was going to just drape it over Sean 's bare arm .
tr	O	She held a folder in her lap , and there was an expensive brief case at her feet .
tr	I	That didn 't make it any easier on me , but I wouldn 't want to ever see her again .
tr	O	She 'd willingly had sex with Simon , and sex could lead to pregnancy .
tr	O	She held out her small hand to me , and I took a step back from her .
tr	I	I closed my eyes , and one of his fingers brushed my skin as he felt the cool metal .
tr	O	He was too dangerous , and she was an addict .
tr	O	They 're probably watching my every move , and I won 't make it back alive .
tr	O	No sign of her was to be seen , but he was mad , psychotic .
tr	I	There is no fight but I ready to fight .
tr	I	She didn 't have time for another cup and it was cold .
tr	I	I feared the effects of the daemon 's disappointment , and I had now neglected my promise for some time .
tr	I	I couldn 't do anything about it , and the bolt was coming toward me .
tr	O	A small petite blonde with big green eyes , Layla , follows behind her and they are laughing at some guy in front of them .
tr	O	The Devil shrank , while Wiz did not , because he wasn 't grounded , and the Devil was .
tr	O	Finding answers would not change the course of history , but perhaps it would prevent more slaughters in other schools .
tr	O	He slipped his finger out , and shortly , I heard the tear of a foil packet .
tr	O	She swipes her card through the lock and I open the door to her building .
tr	I	It 's not the kind of thing I 'd forget and I can 't think of when I would 've put it in my pocket .
tr	O	Malcolm 's warm hand pulled me forward , and I stumbled in the dark .
tr	O	The nurse produced it after quite a search in the storeroom and he handed it to Stephanie .
tr	O	Jin went along , but something didn 't seem right .
tr	I	None of them was Kenzie , and only to discover two girls were already there .
tr	I	I approached Liza and my father took a step back .
tr	I	Maybe Rex were here too and noises in back said Fade .
tr	I	The drive once you 're on the ground shouldn 't be too bad , but you 'll have to take a prop job from Boise , probably .
tr	I	I cross my arms and she shuts the door .
tr	I	We sat at a stone bench in front of the courthouse and Spencer took me by the hand .
tr	I	It feels so damn good but it must be the chains .
tr	I	You have no business going anywhere near her , and it 's her six months off .
tr	O	Dr. Holbrook had no previous experience , and she was not sure how well he would adapt if things went wrong .
tr	O	I 'm getting crushed too , but I can 't help smiling .
tr	O	They continued to cling to each other and Jasmine felt like an intruder .
tr	I	He soon turned it around , but wasn 't doing too well by the time Dick made it home .
tr	O	In her mind I saw her desire to gulp down a whole glass of vodka before she left , but she pushed it away .
tr	O	Sheila smiled , and Connor nodded .
tr	I	He spoke before she could , but she shook her head again .
tr	O	True , it had happened a long time ago , but for him it was just happening .
tr	I	Snaking up her arm was whip , and a velvet choker wrapped her neck .
tr	O	She sighs again , but her eyes shine with enthusiasm .
tr	I	They pulled themselves free of the earth , and these were the shambling , rotting dead .
tr	I	His throat was already dry and this was going to be a long conversation .
tr	I	Its whole head was now consumed by ethereal flame , and the heat had spread beyond its eyes .
tr	I	Maybe she shivered , or she tensed briefly .
tr	I	They 'd taken me at my word , and I 'd told them they could do whatever they wanted .
tr	O	The driver doesn 't say anything , but the color ratchets around him , bright along the edges .
tr	O	I doubted it , but anything was worth a try .
tr	I	He 's still thinking about me , but he might be tied up elsewhere .
tr	O	He could barely see her face in the shadows , but he sensed the genuine tension in her voice .
tr	O	It 's only a spider I try to tell myself but it doesn 't help .
tr	O	All I want to do is pass on to Mount Hockey , and I will tell you that this path is not yours .
tr	I	He surveyed me and his eyes grew cold .
tr	I	I swallowed fear , and my nerves flared .
tr	O	Randall turned her to face the staircase , and he slowly helped her climb the stairs .
tr	I	His uncle follow the hordes of people heading to their shrine and Steve is all eyes as he .
tr	O	She even had perfect teeth , and Sera had the thought that it should be against some universal law for people to look so good .
tr	O	Excitement shone in her sister 's eyes , and Sabrina fought back the pain that coursed through her .
tr	O	Everyone was so awed because we were friends with you , and they thought we must know something nobody else did .
tr	I	My casual clothes seemed too dumpy and my nice clothes seemed too dressy .
tr	I	He realized that he was suspended upside down , and she came into focus just inches from his face .
tr	I	We have only just returned from the midwinter ball , and late in the day on February 21 The sun has risen .
tr	O	Greyson Twining was many things , but he wasn 't a killer .
tr	O	Sherry had missed her last two periods and she knew she was pregnant once again .
tr	I	Royce almost regretted telling her the truth , and Jenny 's finely arched brows drew together in a puzzled frown .
tr	I	It wasn 't enough but I told her everything .
tr	I	She hadn 't said much but her mother had hinted at the fact that Max owned a wine distribution business .
tr	O	I kept working at the mechanic shop , but he owned my soul by then Ames .
tr	O	There 'd still be steam hiding them from onlookers , but there would be nothing hiding her from Riley .
tr	O	Lilly 's waiting , but I cannot bring myself to take my own life .
tr	O	Now that the words had fled his mouth Lucius knew they were presumptuous , but he didn 't have a dignified way to back out .
tr	O	Another flash , and I saw what he was staring at .
tr	O	He vaulted into his saddle from a standing start , and his horse was running before he was even settled .
tr	I	Her gaze went to his mouth , and her blue eyes went soft at the sight of him against her .
tr	I	I had my dick pressed between her legs and now we were on her bed .
tr	I	He was nowhere to be seen , but she turned to speak to Jude .
tr	O	No one disputed it , but no one agreed either .
tr	I	It is hard to stay in complete isolation , as I am being sure you know , but we kept to ourselves .
tr	I	Elizabeth 's got your sisters choosing bridesmaids ' dresses , and you haven 't even asked Charlotte to marry you .
tr	O	The room is dead silent for a moment , and then a snicker explodes behind me .
tr	I	That is not entirely accurate , but I said ' they 're all here ' .
tr	O	She then looked down at his chest but there wasn 't much to be seen .
tr	O	The woman clasped her hands together , and she smiled in warm greeting .
tr	O	he yelled and the scrawny stranger exited .
tr	O	Tammy wanted one too and she saw this instantly .
tr	O	Zane 's lip curled and he narrowed his eyes .
tr	I	I would never say that , but I wanted her to go away .
tr	I	Brazen knew the mayor had arrived , and a large white passenger van pulled up outside the bar .
tr	O	He rubbed my feet as he sat next to me with my legs draped over his lap and it reminded me of the library .
tr	O	Noel knew his great-grandfather held sway with all the military men in their area , and he now used that influence .
tr	O	'd known each other since we were kids and we understood each other .
tr	I	I got butterflies again , and Jean smiled at me .
tr	O	My father may have taught me how to think , but it 's my mother who taught me to love .
tr	O	To give up is the easiest thing any Bird can do , but to continue when most of the other birds are against us is real strength .
tr	I	Aden heard only Caleb , the soul 's upset giving him volume , but Victoria was talking , too .
tr	O	He was certain that registration laws had been broken , but he would plead not guilty to any moving violation .
tr	O	It wasn 't a dramatic reaction , but it gave Shane hope .
tr	I	She was able to move and as soon as his hands left her shoulders , the horrid gloom lifted .
tr	I	I don 't care , but a hundred heads turn to stare at me .
tr	I	It was locked , but there was a door at the bottom .
tr	I	She frowned and Natalie 's shoulders slumped .
tr	I	She saw the look on Amy 's face but Celia started to protest .
tr	I	He knew he wouldn 't do that , but he knew it would be easiest to go to the FBI now , while she was gone .
tr	I	I held myself back but I wanted to run after him .
tr	I	I faked it for my man , but I wasn 't quite as excited .
tr	I	Barbi , well , she was Barbi and Abby never really warmed up to me .
tr	I	He was worried he 'd only make matters worse by wading in , but Nate wanted to help in some way .
tr	O	Then everything went spiral , and my mind went blank .
tr	O	One date gone horribly wrong , and now he was being charming ?
tr	I	Someone got out and a door opened .
tr	O	I picked up a foreshadowing just as I turned , and that enabled me to keep my smile in place .
tr	I	You never seemed to feel the same , but for years I imagined us being together .
tr	O	She placed a hand on my shoulder , and I fought not to wince .
tr	O	I still had to rescue the captured princess , and I still had to return to my queen .
tr	I	That was probably his intention , and he made me feel worthless .
tr	I	Everyone was mad at him when I woke up but I don 't remember because I was basically unconscious .
tr	I	The loss of blood would quickly drain his strength , but as a vampire he could not bleed to death .
tr	I	I went for the cheap shot , and he shrugged , still infuriatingly nonchalant .
tr	I	I walked down the stairs and I walked over to the one on the left .
tr	I	This was his biggest mistake and he caved in to their demands .
tr	I	Devon found her eyes drooping , and the drive back into the city had a calming effect .
tr	I	I get where he 's coming from , but stafford saying the word ' cool ' is pretty traumatic .
tr	I	I can trust the thoroughness of my acquaintances regarding it , but I myself would refrain from gaining this information first hand .
tr	I	Then he turned to submit himself to Deuce 's tender mercies , and Zane watched him silently as he started messing with the dials .
tr	I	We entered and he unlocked the door .
tr	O	Leah wrapped her arms around his shoulders , and he rode out of the back yard .
tr	O	The garbage guy came on Monday and he was welcome to it .
tr	O	I tried pushing him away again , but I was trapped against the door .
tr	O	I ordered the chicken parmesan , with a Cesar salad , and Henry ordered a Tuscan Steak , rare with stone crabs .
tr	O	Connie had known that Frankie had been eating those sweets and she never said a thing .
tr	O	I didn 't understand this crazy world of magic , but he was just a guy in pain to me .
tr	O	He didn 't wait for an answer , and the boat rumbled forward , working through the gentle swell .
tr	I	I broke the kiss , looking down , and I remembered what else happened that night .
tr	O	I 'd make some suggestion and she 'd instantly tell me why it was bound to fail .
tr	I	Maybe he wasn 't ready to talk about it yet , or maybe he was saying what Perry wanted to hear .
tr	I	He sighed and the smile on his face fell away .
tr	I	Your hamburger is complete , and put the top on .
tr	I	She held back tears but Moisture filled her eyes .
tr	O	He slammed the knife into her back and she shrieked in pain .
tr	O	We finished eating peacefully and my headache waned some .
tr	O	I held my phone , hoping for an answer , but I eventually gave up .
tr	I	It doesn 't kill them , but Sunlight might confuse them .
tr	O	Marjorie Tench went fishing , but you didn 't bite .
tr	O	Zach made his choice and I 've made mine .
tr	I	I could get into any trouble and I met Chloe before Ellen .
tr	I	He pushed his thumb on my chin , opening my mouth wider and his large palm was still cupping my face .
tr	O	You 're so full of love in a way they 'll never be , and it 's natural you love both of my sons .
tr	O	Wartime drinking hours were short and to compensate for this , both had put in an extra shift , this evening .
tr	O	During their battle all the Elder Gods were destroyed and now she was alone .
tr	I	I unlocked our door and we reached our room .
tr	O	I was just about to greet him when the passenger side door opened and Riley stepped out .
tr	O	She stared at him over the curve of her arm , eyes wide , but she didn 't tell him to stop .
tr	I	I nodded , and pouted Ron .
tr	I	She was ashamed that he heard it , and there was a wistful note she couldn 't keep from her voice .
tr	O	We took turns sneaking into each other 's bedrooms , and so far , her parents were none the wiser .
tr	I	A groan ripped from my throat , and he used his tongue to massage the nipple .
tr	I	The breeze simply stopped , and the air took on a metallic , dusky taste .
tr	I	His word wasn 't worth any more than the price of the last tankard of beer , and he was the town drunk .
tr	I	I just didn 't understand how someone could do that and it was so selfish .
tr	I	From the empty look in their eyes , they weren 't in control of their will , but the pack circled me more warily now .
tr	O	The room is stark and the bed is empty .
tr	O	He pauses , lowering his head , and I think he might be crying .
tr	O	It 's the weekend after Thanksgiving and we 're relaxing after a busy day of studying .
tr	I	His cause was just and it was his time .
tr	O	It was a smile , which shouldn 't be such a big deal , but for Nick it had his heart racing .
tr	I	She wasn 't shy about collecting and everyone owed her a favor .
tr	I	Getting any closer risked a messy breakup , and he wasn 't eager to make their relationship permanent .
tr	O	Emily knew she shouldn 't , but she couldn 't resist .
tr	I	She 's changing as she does , but my sister finally looks to me .
tr	I	I am not exactly intimidated at the thought either , but I am in no hurry to take that step .
tr	O	She still breastfed the little ones , and her religion forbids the drunkenness anyway .
tr	I	Now his voice was decisive , not to be argued with , but it was unlike Nick to say anything at meetings .
tr	O	She 's quiet for a second , before her head snaps up and she looks at me again .
tr	O	The snow begins crunching again as he starts walking away , but I do not hear the second set of footsteps leave .
tr	O	The taste of the guy 's mouth stil lingered on her tongue and she wanted to spit .
tr	O	She 'd been right there , and they hadn 't seen her .
tr	O	Both children had been born at the end of April and Abby wanted to have a combined surprise birthday party .
tr	I	It makes them see things and they take drugs .
tr	I	Mihai 's heart ached to see the girl 's terror and the Queen tilted back her head by force .
tr	I	There was no way I was driving eight hours straight , but Chapter 2 I had gotten on the road early .
tr	I	A shape I thought was Tolliver leaped forward , and then the lights came on in the room , blinding me .
tr	I	No one remembered him and Dank was gone .
tr	O	I knew what I had done was wrong , but I just couldn 't deal with right now .
tr	I	I surely worried her with my mumbled thoughts , and the lady 's maid from before attended me .
tr	I	Desperately I wished he were here and I was astonished at how suddenly .
tr	O	He wasn 't outright mean , but he certainly wasn 't friendly .
tr	I	I want him to shut the hell up and it 's like he 's stuck on repeat .
tr	I	He couldn 't risk going lower , but Frost started to cover both of them .
tr	O	I moved to leap down , but Icarus 's shout stopped me .
tr	O	Perry felt pride in his words and that showed in the reciprocating smile .
tr	O	You couldn 't see more than a few feet in front of your face but there were a few torches that hadn 't been snuffed .
tr	O	The clock ticked on and Nash didn 't return .
tr	O	People would meet him there from time to time , and legends of him would prevail throughout the generations .
tr	O	It was easing up each day , but he still needed me close by .
tr	O	I gave her a look , asking if she really thought I was silly enough to answer any other way , and she laughed .
tr	O	Maybe her body had become resistant to some of the effects and she needed a stronger dose .
tr	I	His behaviour makes trouble for the colony and now he is the size of an adult dragon .
tr	I	He drew her close to him , bending his head to hers and his hand curled around the nape of her neck .
tr	O	A red light came on , and static sounded through the speaker .
tr	I	As he pressed me against him , he actually hauled me up on my tiptoes , and CHAPTER 26 Dex was taller than me .
tr	O	ii Benjamin Church was a doctor , and we found his house easily enough .
tr	O	They all knew what needed to be done , but none of them had any good ideas about how they were going to go about doing it .
tr	O	I probably could have asked Hugh to do it , but that wouldn 't have gotten me leave to actually go to Seth , hence my wording .
tr	O	My son pulled him into our boat and we took him to be buried on Utila .
tr	O	She let the question linger in the air as she took his arm once again and they began to walk back toward the palace .
tr	I	My teeth start chattering and we continue walking .
tr	I	The blood trickled instead of gushed , but he had some pain in his back .
tr	I	We all respect her , but we talk a lot of shit about her because she 's the hard-ass of the group .
tr	O	He rarely approached family with business matters but he felt Mack 's judgment about people was reliable .
tr	O	He 'd promised not to tell Jolene and she prayed he would keep his word .
tr	O	He 's interesting , but he 's not controversial .
tr	O	Hands were on me , my lover 's hands but they weren 't touching me in a loverly way .
tr	O	I couldn 't prove anything and they probably wouldn 't even believe me .
tr	I	Flung her back like a rag doll and the first shot took her in the chest .
tr	O	He did what he could for them , but never presumed too much .
tr	O	I didn 't meet him until we were in college , and he never talked much about his past .
tr	O	It was Phil , and Phil was staring into the shop .
tr	I	He lets go , rubbing his palms on his pant leg and he notices me noticing our hands .
tr	I	My face is center stage at every level , but no public appearances are made since the jet incident .
tr	O	He was centuries old and she was rusty in her practice .
tr	O	They pulled back the sod from the trench and she climbed in with her sword across her chest .
tr	O	The sun shining down on it during the day , and the stars at night .
tr	I	He 'd look into it and he 'd see something wrong .
tr	O	Weekends like this most likely won 't happen again , and I 'm partly reconciled to that , because of Kevin .
tr	I	Going back just didn 't feel right , but Thomas knew it was a good question .
tr	O	I don 't know why I torture myself with this shit but I do it anyway .
tr	I	She snapped it shut , but her mouth opened .
tr	I	The four small vials of holy water secreted in each of the heels of his boots , and now his only protection was the vis .
tr	O	I wanted so badly to cry , but my ghostly body created no tears .
tr	I	The box was carried away with the squad , and the rest of the items were left in the box , to be issued later .
tr	O	He has been caught , and he will be Cured .
tr	O	He presses his lips to mine , and I cup the side of his face .
tr	I	Iridium was maintaining his customary stoicism , and Winston had overcome his initial shock .
tr	I	He lay still as stone , but presently his breath was hissing softly through his clenched teeth .
tr	O	My hands start to work on the ties of the top and when I get that off , I work on the rest of it .
tr	O	He sighed , and for a second , his expression darkened .
tr	O	Jeff would be disappointed about Cole missing his game , but he 'd understand .
tr	O	My body was firmly placed against his , and his arms were on top of mine .
tr	I	I slowly lowered my gaze from the ceiling to the floor , and reality slowly swam back into focus in my fragmented mind .
tr	O	This was the time for diplomacy , but Keller was too exasperated to think .
tr	O	He resisted , and though she was strong enough to keep him moving toward her , she released him .
tr	I	Her body wrapped around his and she seemed to be just as desperate to kiss him back as he was .
tr	I	I was genuinely curious , but I hated how arrogant that sounded .
tr	I	There was a limit to how much he could take with him , but he was lucky that the jacket seemed overly blessed with pockets .
tr	I	It shook intensely for a second time as I came close , and I slid over to it .
tr	I	Sure enough , it was the three musketeers running from the family room out to greet us , and I heard a shriek .
tr	I	They will be for sure , but we can 't get over there to help them .
tr	O	He hates puking , and when you kept hurling , he was afraid you were going to get him sick .
tr	I	My heart literally stops beating , and the name Ingrid leaps out at me like a neon banner .
tr	O	Their eyes met , and she left , walking as though she were going slightly uphill .
tr	O	This was probably garbage , but it was good garbage .
tr	O	You know it and I know it .
tr	I	They were moving , slowly and there were dark shapes against the glowing light .
tr	I	Angrily , he couldn 't tell which , or her bare foot with its pale pink varnished toes bounced casually .
tr	I	She smelled his scent again , and a breeze blew into the house .
tr	I	The guard tightened his grip , but she teetered forward .
tr	I	I was weak from blood loss , but I tried to scramble for some shade .
tr	I	She saw her reflection in his sunglasses and he turned to face her .
tr	I	A line of hopefuls waited in the corner , and EVERY table was full .
tr	O	It pushed the wind out of her lungs and she lay on the floor gasping for air .
tr	O	Behind me , something tugged at me , but it wasn 't strong enough .
tr	O	It was supposed to clear up today , but it didn 't look good right now .
tr	I	She forced them out , as much for her own benefit as for his own but her words could barely form the words .
tr	O	Chapter 16 Cautiously , I entered , looking for him , but I only found a large room filled with white furniture .
tr	I	Her overly nonchalant attitude suggests otherwise , but she pretends she has no idea what I 'm talking about .
tr	I	His mouth was moving in a strange fashion and his eyes looked as if they were glowing .
tr	O	I do need to know and I 'm not sure Juliet will tell me .
tr	O	He stabbed the knife into his desk and it stood there , leering at me .
tr	I	He was under no illusions that she would stop him again , but Julie had stopped Singer the first time .
tr	I	Still , they 'd never paid attention to her , but sure , they were much older than she was .
tr	I	Somehow I would find it in me to believe him , and some childish part of me still hoped that he would proclaim his innocence .
tr	O	The door slammed shut , and Marcia caught her breath .
tr	O	I start by picking up the clothes from outside the tent , and Derrick cleans up all the open food containers .
tr	O	She looked like she was going to cry , and I felt one pang of sympathy .
tr	O	Budda waited to hear the door open , but it didn 't .
tr	I	I couldn 't say I blamed her , and that was the last thing she wanted to do .
tr	I	Her arm only burned worse from the struggle , so she gave in with a low , resigned cry , but she twisted toward release .
tr	O	The sound jolted Diego , and the wildlife took off .
tr	I	She grabbed his wrist , stopping him from moving anywhere too intimate and his hand slid upwards .
tr	I	I decide that I love the taste of him and I lick the side of his neck .
tr	I	It didn 't help a whole lot , but I blinked rapidly to try to help my vision return .
tr	O	Ari held her hand out and I pass him over to her .
tr	I	His hands were tied behind his back , and he realized that he was being carried .
tr	O	They ran out , heading to fight , and Duncan looked back just once before he followed Pate .
tr	I	Barry slammed his shoulder into her , knocking her slight figure to the side , but Jaxon would have gone through the door first .
tr	O	The door banged open , and I stopped my pacing .
tr	I	She clenched her fists together in her lap , and every sound from the corridor made her twitch .
tr	O	It had initially sounded like possession , but further data suggested otherwise , unfortunately .
tr	I	That isn 't gon na change , and I love every single freaking piece of you , even when you feel this way .
tr	O	He put me down and we began walking again .
tr	O	He had never thought about it that way , but stated so bluntly , he found it hard to deny .
tr	O	Tears seeped out between her fingers and she opened her eyes to look at him .
tr	I	Very effective it had been as well , and indeed , they had already used it in a small way from time to time .
tr	O	Jolene wasn 't the same woman she 'd been before , and none of them knew quite how to deal with her .
tr	O	A horn goes off behind me , and I scoot through the intersection , following Nev all the way to the mall .
tr	O	There is silence again and as I rerun the words through my mind I realise the man I saw on the news tonight was framed .
tr	I	I hadn 't even known I was waiting for it , and then came the moment for which I 'd been waiting .
tr	I	It was bad enough but it was not the worst thing she had ever tasted .
tr	I	Then he remembered Allie yelling , trying to warn him , but he wanted to believe the gunshot was a freak accident .
tr	O	Nyx always seemed to like that , and the gryphon did too , judging from the happy little squeaks he let out .
tr	I	No one took notice and no one could tell .
tr	I	This time , light glows behind the windows , and I find myself in the atrium garden again .
tr	O	Though I had to press my arm up hard against his , I didn 't care , and he didn 't move .
tr	I	It was Jack who made the first move , but they could all hear it now .
tr	O	His eyes rolled like shiny marbles in their sockets , and his eyebrows drew together in an angry scowl .
tr	O	Steam rises from the demon 's feet , and seconds later they burst into flames .
tr	I	My own words were making my chest ache , but I was trying to sound brave .
tr	I	At lunch , Savannah approached me again , but I finally got rid of her when I went to my social studies class .
tr	O	I was a slob and my wife was see-through !
tr	I	I stopped talking and my voice caught .
tr	O	Her heart hurt for him , and her blood heated with the need to defend him .
tr	O	Nobody came and I began to relax , allowing my hand to wrap around the knob of one of the doors .
tr	O	Not many men made her feel petite , but this one did .
tr	O	The man rushed forward and I shrieked .
tr	O	You had evidence that demon pox existed and you didn 't mention it to me !
tr	I	I wouldn 't meet his eyes , but he got down at my level .
tr	I	Theo 's gaze was locked on the floor , but I nodded .
tr	I	Yet he seemed to grow bigger , scarier , and he didn 't move a muscle .
tr	O	My ears filled with a loud pounding , and I tasted salt .
tr	O	It had only been a few months but Savannah was having the time of her life .
tr	O	There were times when she looked like a hedgehog , and bright sparks flew from her fingers whenever she touched anything even remotely metallic .
tr	I	She only called Carson when something bad was going down , but his sister Jenny was constantly getting into jams .
tr	I	His name is Timmy Madden and he 's seven years old .
tr	O	It was not her place to question her employer , but she found herself disliking the slights that she perceived Lord Rafe to be offering Adele .
tr	I	It sucked , and she was being fired for the first time in her life .
tr	O	Her eyes were closed , and she was breathing normally again .
tr	O	She was ashamed to think it but her behavior was more like that of a love-struck schoolgirl .
tr	O	The werewolf might not feel guilt , but hurting Sheree would destroy the vampire .
tr	O	Calliope tilted her head , and I held my breath .
tr	O	The kitchen had a couple of cookbooks , and the bathroom a wicker basket of magazines .
tr	I	It was enough to make a living , but it wasn 't much .
tr	O	Erica made a point and it stuck in my craw like a sore thumb .
tr	I	An image was placed in Franklin 's mind and the Guardian 's eyes were filled with light .
tr	O	He did not tell us much about the journey we would take , and we had not realised that we would be camping out .
tr	O	She brought out the mischief maker in me , and I brought out even more mischief in her .
tr	O	She sensed his presence but he was not in sight .
tr	O	She rose from her seat and Doug followed .
tr	O	I need to make progress and I need to regenerate oxygen .
tr	I	Sierra laughed when she thought he might just take off her sweater and his hands started to reach for her .
tr	O	For a moment his mouth seemed to disappear entirely and she braced for an explosion of righteous male wrath .
tr	O	He 'd asked about my family , and I was going to tell him .
tr	O	She was five ten , so she wasn 't exactly short for a woman , but he made her feel petite .
tr	O	I roll my eyes and back away from him , then head to the window .
tr	I	She went through it on a regular basis and this was one of Antonia 's favorite museums .
tr	I	She had to see how it fit her , but Rhona may hate the nickname Babysitter .
tr	O	This time , Chase 's voice wasn 't soft , and it wasn 't gentle .
tr	I	Derek dared to peek his head inside and we walked over .
tr	O	I didn 't even notice the middle-aged man walking on the sidewalk and now he 's staring at me , his eyes full of suspicion .
tr	O	My entire body stiffens , and those red warning sirens turn back on , telling me I should stop him .
tr	O	Max released her instantly , he tried to move swiftly to the side but the swamp hindered his movements .
tr	O	He had rammed me in the stomach , and I spent six weeks recovering from the toxic liquid that invaded my body .
tr	O	He 'd clung tightly to Mandy for two days , and his thighs in particular had rubbed against her skin whenever she 'd made a sudden move .
tr	O	She didn 't want to be rude , but she couldn 't muster any other words .
tr	O	Excitement surged in her chest , and she closed her eyes .
tr	O	Everything looked normal , but something was off .
tr	O	Cameras flashed at my back , but I didn 't turn around as I headed down the long hallway , following the signs .
tr	O	He closes my door , and the two of us stand there , holding hands , staring in silence .
tr	I	I didn 't sense any elemental magic emanating from it , and No smells either .
tr	O	Part of her wanted to report what Denny had seen , but she felt too embarrassed that she had been so careless .
tr	O	Oliver did , or he 'd have been dead a long time ago .
tr	O	We 'd spent many nights wrapped in each other 's arms , but there had also been twenty other people with us .
tr	I	He was gone and I spun around .
tr	O	Here he was , in the same room with a vampire , and all his gear was outside in the trunk of his car .
tr	I	No words came out , but Jake opened his mouth to respond .
tr	I	Would stop threatening to send him into the Young Army as an Expendable and surely then his Master would forget all his past failures .
tr	I	He began to listen himself , and then he saw that Frost was listening .
tr	I	The harsh reality would come soon enough , but she 'd love to live in this fantasy world where everything was perfect .
tr	O	He 's saying everything I wanted to hear from him before , but now it feels like a cruel joke .
tr	I	It emitted an unearthly howl as it writhed on the roadway , and his left rear tire rolled over one of the things .
tr	O	It slowed to a stop , and Anderton got to his feet .
tr	O	Everything is still wet , but the sun is shining now .
tr	O	I 'm embarrassed to watch , but I can 't look away .
tr	O	The decision was made , and bickering wouldn 't change anything .
tr	I	Talking amongst themselves , and * * I watched as the two men worked feverishly , sorting through the Scrolls ' databases , jotting down notes .
tr	I	Charlotte didn 't want to miss a second of it , and Pastor Flemming would invoke God 's blessings on this enterprise .
tr	I	She frowns and I smile .
tr	I	She wanted to cry in frustration , and he stopped .
tr	O	Her stomach flipped and she sighed .
tr	O	We need to know why these things are happening and you might have valuable clues that will aid us .
tr	I	I looked for one of the types of car which I knew were easy to break into and my training from M.I. 6 cut in .
tr	I	The words escaped anyway , but it wasn 't what he 'd planned to say .
tr	O	I raised the blade up into an attack position , and a purplish eye on the hilt snapped open .
tr	O	There was torment in his eyes , and deep shadows lurked , making his gaze appear haunted .
tr	O	It failed spectacularly , and Caleb , I think , feels his reputation has been tainted from his brief association .
tr	O	Olivia upped Mandi 's bid , and the bidding war had begun .
tr	I	They should be here within the hour , but they haven 't reached our building yet .
tr	I	Instead of illuminating Cale , it just sent dark shadows chasing across the room , but the lamp flickered on beside him .
tr	I	The side effects still lingered but Genie had removed the poison from their bodies .
tr	I	He plants both hands behind me on the desk , trapping me between his arms , but I shrink into my chair to try to escape .
tr	I	The child clung like a barnacle , but she tried to put Lulu down .
tr	I	I can 't control it , yet the last thought is so selfish .
tr	O	Eddie smiled back , and I saw genuine friendship between them .
tr	I	I don 't think he will , but strong enough to hurt me .
tr	O	I could have saved him from what he is now , but I didn 't .
tr	I	She pulled free , but he lifted his hands to her shoulders .
tr	O	Thick carpeting covered the floors , and wallpaper softened the walls .
tr	O	I reached for him , but he pulled away .
tr	I	I mean anything , and they eat anything .
tr	I	Be merry tonight ... and let us eat , drink !
tr	I	We THANK YOU from the bottoms of our hearts , and you really came out for Yesterday 's Gone .
tr	I	Neither of them ride , but Joe loves his boys .
tr	I	A shiver slid over Olivia , and he seemed to surround her .
tr	O	When they were in the club with all the men who flirted with her that was a different situation , and he could be the macho guy .
tr	I	He continued and I nodded .
tr	I	There was a click as the door unlocked and the Captain pressed a card to his name .
tr	O	Sandy took Harriet in his arms , and they danced a rousing country reel .
tr	I	Her mouth was cottony , and her left hand shook even as she pressed it to her chest .
tr	O	It would make the process a lot less of a headache , and it wasn 't like we didn 't share the same taste .
tr	O	Marla 's words faded and Joni caught her breath .
tr	I	This will give me a good excuse to go out there , and I 'm overdue for a visit to some of our West Coast facilities anyway .
tr	I	The gremlin cackled , tossing the sword down , and Kenzie gasped .
tr	I	It had too many heads , but the something else looked almost snake-like .
tr	O	Dallas isn 't in the living room , but I have to find her .
tr	I	Together we raced through the underbrush to catch up with the twins , and I gave James one more good glare .
tr	O	He 'd told her that his life didn 't allow for a pet and she 'd blithely waved that off as something he was just rebelling against .
tr	O	Tony got clipped in the hand , and the rest of us responded with hundreds of rounds .
tr	I	She just managed to keep hold of it , but Henrietta almost lost her grip on her wand .
tr	I	She was glad the boy couldn 't really remember much , but Kara still didn 't know if she 'd died before Timmy went into a coma .
tr	I	Both faces were beautiful , and both heads were blond .
tr	I	He soared across the gate , and his chariot shot through the portal .
tr	O	The other man followed him into our suite , and we stood awkwardly for a moment before Tristan finally spoke .
tr	O	Lilith 's been here a couple of times , but she hasn 't come near any of us .
tr	O	He tied a flashlight to the rope at the bottom of the ramp , and Alex showed up seconds later , head first .
tr	O	Sad as it was , I was kind of having fun messing with him and I think he was , too .
tr	O	She knew your mother , and she really liked her .
tr	I	No one loved her , and she loved no one .
tr	O	Okay , it was sad , but it wasn 't like Juliet to react like this .
tr	I	She sipped , but she grimaced .
tr	O	Now his thick beard would make him nearly impossible to place , and I was almost certain he had had some nose work done .
tr	O	He held out his hand , but before he could utter another word , the axe came down .
tr	O	Beyond his hope she returned to him where he sat in darkness , and long ago in the Hidden Kingdom she laid her hand in his .
tr	O	When he spoke , the eyes narrowed and the black pupils glowed fiercely .
tr	I	You chose to take the day to help me but you could be doing anything else .
tr	O	I picked Noah up , and we followed Molly down .
tr	O	I opened the door and there was no one there .
tr	I	My stomach hurt with anxiety and it made my lungs tighten .
tr	I	Some people might think that 's odd , and I read Stephen King .
tr	I	My flight just arrived an hour ago and I was called away unexpectedly on business .
tr	O	There were blotches all over his face , but he looked better than I 'd expected .
tr	O	Rob hasn 't followed me anywhere and I 'm starting to get suspicious .
tr	I	A moment later Eben slammed into the field , dropping his sword , and the ground approached rapidly .
tr	I	To get lost in the crowd , and all I wanted was a stiff drink , perhaps an illicit cigarette .
tr	I	She was as fierce as ever and five minutes back on her skates .
tr	O	I know he was your supervisor , and I assume you got to know him fairly well .
tr	O	I wait for Kayden to get back up , but he stays unmoving not even bothering to cover his face with his arms .
tr	I	That was nothing compared to being given the cold shoulder but * He 'd thought the three hour flight was torture .
tr	O	Competing to secure parental approval was another , and after his fourteenth year Rafe had flatly refused to do so .
tr	I	The intensity of his need was so great that his hands were shaking , but he wanted to touch her .
tr	O	I had no idea , but it made sense .
tr	O	I jump into the melee and as I do , Ariel comes to his aid , the twelve year old warrior .
tr	O	He tried to shoulder past her but she shot out her hand , staying his departure with a grip on his arm .
tr	O	I started to object , but he cut me off .
tr	I	I was going to read for fun , and I was going to pick up an effin ' book .
tr	I	The hope fizzled out of me and it had no effect on her .
tr	O	She 'd offered to go , and he 'd said no .
tr	O	They had me try to teach him but they have not developed .
tr	I	She couldn 't , but she wanted to believe it .
tr	I	Miles ground his teeth , and there was a sudden acrid , burnt odor in the air .
tr	I	He was there first , but I have the same right to be with you .
tr	O	The Queen snapped an order , and her attendants left the room .
tr	I	I think it 's time we revisit that conversation , but Wes asked me not to tell .
tr	O	His mind seemed to have snapped , and his loyalty to someone called the Red Lady was absolute .
tr	I	I can 't make myself go to Gary , but I definitely could use one of my anxiety meds .
tr	O	Something inside me breaks , and I tell him everything .
tr	I	I kissed her on the forehead , and I know that made her feel good because she smiled at me .
tr	I	The scent of blood lingered in the air , but the dead guards had been taken away .
tr	I	His deep voice rang hollow , and his face was set .
tr	O	The ceiling here sloped upward , and rock formations draped down in limestone curtains .
tr	O	The hinges squealed again , and the wrought iron gate slammed shut of its own volition .
tr	I	He gave her another hug as she stood up , and of course he did .
tr	O	I didn 't change my shoes before I left for my walk , and now I 've got a few blisters .
tr	O	He blinked again and his vision cleared .
tr	O	' Just relax , ' he whispered , but I had gone rigid again , scared at just the sight of his fangs .
tr	I	Plates were filled with food , and a few of the women had begun cooking sometime before dawn .
tr	O	Normally Doug has to handle the sails alone , but today he has several capable hands to assist .
tr	O	I glanced at Tolliver , and he nodded , understanding .
tr	O	The team watched silently as the church door opened and a vampire stepped out onto the front steps .
tr	I	I was sure he was thinking about her , but I wasn 't sure .
tr	O	It shone through , and I couldn 't stop admiring it .
tr	I	It had worn both of us out and Jessica 's trial had been last month .
tr	I	It was far from warm , but the cabin wasn 't icy .
tr	I	She glanced down as if seeking confirmation herself and CHAPTER 22 GRACE 'S eyes widened once more .
tr	O	Ellie 's eyes widened , and she glanced at the door .
tr	I	She 's on top of me and I was lying on the car 's floor .
tr	O	She wondered about the endless struggles he must face just to live , and suddenly her own life seemed grand .
tr	O	I can 't move and I can 't speak .
tr	O	His wife has filed for divorce , and he 's lost control .
tr	O	I wasn 't allowed to visit her without my mother and it was almost impossible for us to have a conversation with her hanging around .
tr	O	She married a werewolf and they had three boys .
tr	O	I decided not to say anything further , and mentally berated myself for not stopping after the first word to let her say something .
tr	I	He struggled to hold back his release , and tremors shook her far longer than he thought possible .
tr	O	I 'd never entered Coosa Liquors , but it was every bit as desolate as Alaska described .
tr	O	It was a private affair , and he wanted to help keep it that way .
tr	O	The tears started flowing then , but he couldn 't see them .
tr	I	Karl must be detained until further notice , and I will authorise a psychiatrist appointment immediately .
tr	I	He tilted his head in question and his eyes narrowed .
tr	I	He 's trapped in this fevered nightmare , but he wants to move toward her .
tr	O	He was asking the question , but he wasn 't really asking it .
tr	O	I pull back and he stops me .
tr	I	I was already neck deep in this , but she may not have wanted to help Lux .
tr	O	He 'd give her his love and he 'd never give her any reason to ever doubt that again .
tr	O	We had to go a few more miles to the ferry , and then we 'd be back in Plattsburgh in about 15 minutes .
tr	O	I shouted at her but I couldn 't make a sound .
tr	O	Danika had known she 'd missed her friend , but she hadn 't realized how much until now .
tr	I	He got caught speeding on Interstate 81 just outside of Roanoke , and the kid was mule running .
tr	O	She shrugged and that little movement had her shifting on his lap again .
tr	I	Every time he looked at her he wanted to cry , but he thought he was abandoning his friendship with Jenny to benefit both of them .
tr	O	The nurses are calling it shock , but I know that 's not it .
tr	O	I quickly turned around , but nothing unusual was there .
tr	I	I called for a taxi , and we found a pay phone .
tr	I	He was starting to think that perhaps a rib had been broken , but he wasn 't bleeding much .
tr	I	The soreness was there to remind her where this could all lead , but her body felt better .
tr	O	There was a blank expression on his face and I had the overwhelming urge to soothe him somehow .
tr	I	She would take this hard , and they were still good friends .
tr	O	He doesn 't , but his eyes narrow .
tr	O	He was hard already and she knew firsthand just how capable a lover he was .
tr	I	I heard only the sound of the water , but I listened for his footsteps to move in a direction .
tr	O	He tried to stand me up but my legs fell loosely beneath me .
tr	O	What that will accomplish is they will be helpless , and then they will be dead .
tr	I	You know him well , and his name is Boredom .
tr	I	The Bell accelerated to its maximum speed , and the timbre of the engines climbed .
tr	O	It shatters the chains around my wrists and finally I 'm free .
tr	I	Lloyd was right they were moving inward , narrowing in on a point further ahead , but they were a good two hundred yards away .
tr	I	She knew what he 'd say before he uttered a word , and she saw tears in his eyes .
tr	O	her mind ordered , but she couldn 't .
tr	I	She assured me I could handle it , but I told Lucy I didn 't have the experience .
tr	I	The youngest steward beckoned me to follow them and the women turned around in unison .
tr	O	I had never thought about it until today , but Bishop 's right , they know .
tr	I	It 's clear that she 's been crying and Lila climbs out of the car .
tr	O	I look over my shoulder and Vincent isn 't chasing us .
tr	O	He taught her to do several dances worthy of any hoe down and Monika started laughing at the fun she was having .
tr	O	He 's grown tired of denying and he 's ready to move on .
tr	O	I 've heard a lot of stories about your ability with a gun , but I 've never heard a bad word said about you .
tr	I	There was little else holding her together , and her arms were open to the bone .
tr	I	Without moving , he was somehow closer than he 'd been a second ago and his eyes darkened .
tr	I	My heart hurt as if a blade really had pierced it , and I was wet with sweat .
tr	I	His legs buckled , but I tried to prop him up .
tr	O	Everything that had been weighing on my mind exploded out , and I cried against his chest .
tr	O	He blinks , not sure what to say to that , and I see drops of water still cling to his lashes .
tr	I	It didn 't reach his eyes , but he smiled at me .
tr	I	My insides felt warm , and I smiled at him .
tr	O	She tried to sound defiant , but she was too scared to sound like anything other than hysterical .
tr	O	Hannah looked back and she looked almost terrified .
tr	I	Ran came forward to cut the bags open and the Governor gestured to his henchmen .
tr	O	Modeling just hadn 't been for me , and I 'd burned out on it quickly .
tr	I	We could be related to any number of them , and there were billions of people in the world .
tr	O	I held Mom tighter , and she closed her eyes .
tr	O	I wore this tank top all the time , but I had never done it with the intention of teasing a guy .
tr	I	She missed her mom , but she never thought she 'd feel this .
tr	O	I yanked his arm across his body , freeing my sword , and then plunged it into his side .
tr	O	I just accepted Jesus as my savior , and it is just like what Dane described .
tr	O	Jackson nodded but he still looked tense .
tr	O	I explained my theory to the group and they all shared the same idea .
tr	I	The path of right will have been nearly forgotten , and Power , in this time , will mean everything .
tr	I	He kept one hand on his knife , and stalker lay nearby , almost as if watching over me .
tr	I	I wouldn 't let him come , but that creature wanted to come again .
tr	O	She 'd have her champions , but she 'd also have her detractors , people who remained stubbornly loyal to the men who 'd raped her .
tr	I	She sputtered , trying to figure out what to say and Kelly felt her cheeks burn red .
tr	O	Their confrontation at the Winter Solstice Dance flashed through my memory and I didn 't want to ruin Kiran 's party .
tr	I	Now , suddenly , even the way forward seemed impossible , but there had never been any turning back .
tr	O	The eyes observing us were invisible ; but they were observing us , nonetheless .
tr	O	He turned , and the tentacle knocked him down .
tr	I	He was also enjoying irritating Dean , but he might have wanted a sandwich .
tr	O	I am Perry Kelvin , and this is my last day alive .
tr	I	His lips capture mine , and he leans in .
tr	O	In a rush of excitement I start towards the window , but then one of the other demons spots me .
tr	I	She took it , and her eyes flickered down at her shot .
tr	O	Those Agents might have the place staked out and they were the last people he wanted to meet again .
tr	I	He was a huge motherfucker , and he wasn 't going to take this lying down .
tr	I	I haven 't attended any parties and I have kept my grades up .
tr	I	She lifted her head from his chest , allowing him to move over top of her and he shifted .
tr	O	She asks Cas if he wants a cup , but he passes .
tr	I	I clumsily brushed it away , and something was on my face .
tr	O	My head was spinning by the time he released my mouth , and I dragged in a ragged breath of air .
tr	I	We resumed out relationship , and Brad forgave me , though .
tr	O	She wanted time alone with Ryan and he 'd taken that from her .
tr	I	It can 't be good , but I can 't imagine what he 's thinking .
tr	O	He continued looking through the net , and the lad didn 't object .
tr	I	His blood felt thick and Cameron 's heart pounded .
tr	O	He still did not know what she meant , and her face gave away little .
tr	O	There was warmth in Rusty 's voice , and Donovan had to hand it to her .
tr	I	Dr. Williams had given her a look , but it wasn 't the first time she 'd come home sore .
tr	I	Together they collapsed back into bed , and he towel dried her first , finished up after .
tr	O	My father was going to die , and I knew it .
tr	I	He hadn 't turned on a light in the room , and he was concealed behind the curtains .
tr	O	A bird flapped overhead , and Kathleen stumbled back a step just before the door opened .
tr	I	Juliette knew better , but he picked up a lock of her hair , twisting a long strand around his fingertip , seemingly distracted .
tr	O	Her smile faded though as she led the way to the back door and the thought occurred to her that he really was too perfect .
tr	O	I know , but if it don 't work , then I 'll have to kill him .
tr	I	Then I see the glint of gold , but at first I 'm afraid they 're gone .
tr	I	I knew he 'd be there and I hadn 't heard from Joseph since the phone call .
tr	I	That moment was the first time I 'd experienced it firsthand , but I 'd lived for thousands of years .
tr	O	I touched her face and she closed her eyes .
tr	O	He opened it and a library receipt fell out .
tr	O	My stomach tightened as I watched and I suddenly desperately missed my mother .
tr	I	Jax grabbed her upper arms , sitting her back on his lap but she tried to stand .
tr	I	I 'll follow up with Leo , but not sure why the GPS didn 't get picked up .
tr	O	Howell was the same age as his wife , but not working quite as hard at concealing it .
tr	O	I 'd tried calling his house but his dad said Jake was sleeping .
tr	I	They weren 't climbing anymore , but there was the light , twenty feet away .
tr	O	The office was quickly being filled up by heavy roots and if he didn 't get out soon , he would be crushed .
tr	O	All those habits would pay dividends now , and he would have the satisfaction of seeing to the end of their only remaining threat .
tr	O	Then her face turned into a blurry vision , and before I could speak , everything went black .
tr	I	We board , and the doors slide open with a hiss .
tr	O	She couldn 't bear the thought of walking away from him , and that made her just plain stupid .
tr	O	I wanted to read more entries from her diary , but I had fallen asleep before I had the chance .
tr	I	Angry , and stunned .
tr	I	It was more than enough to cause tremendous damage , but Payton tried to take the punch because the Spear Strike wasn 't completely thrown .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I wanted to .
tr	I	She kind of scared me and she was pissed .
tr	O	Thank God he 'd put the weights away or he 'd have dropped them on his feet .
tr	O	He tried to speak , but no sound came out .
tr	I	I know what that means and her eyes are turning glassy .
tr	I	A tear came to her eye , and she pictured Dean as she had first seen him , labouring in her father 's garden .
tr	I	I hadn 't stopped to give any thought to her lack of recent sexual activity , but Sienna always had a healthy sexual appetite .
tr	O	My hand went from my belly back to her fur and I stroked .
tr	O	Strong hands grasped my shoulders , and I found myself pressed against Nathan 's chest , his arms holding me securely .
tr	I	There was a general belief that he was holding something back , but a constable had already asked him for his statement .
tr	I	She continued to talk with my grandma and I handed the phone to my mom .
tr	O	I fell to the ground but he didn 't let up .
tr	I	He doesn 't realize I can see him , and he 's standing outside my door .
tr	I	She was all too aware of him , but Byron moved in his usual silent way .
tr	O	You know him , but you can 't remember .
tr	O	All I had was my knife and I drew it as I crept slowly towards the noises .
tr	O	My negativity dampens my hopes and rain falls like a tragedy .
tr	O	As the contest began , Adam played the first hand cautiously but Tony was aggressive .
tr	O	Most of the time he slouched , trying to shave off a couple of inches , and he became quiet .
tr	O	I grin at him , but my face hurts .
tr	O	he asks , and I say the words that have been in my heart from the moment I first met Damien .
tr	O	She moaned , and I knew the exact moment that she got into it .
tr	O	I carried it once and it probably saved my life .
tr	I	I couldn 't remember how I got home and the drive home was a blur .
tr	O	Michael said you 're afraid to even look at him , but clearly , you don 't blame Dean for what his father did .
tr	I	The smell of blood was in the air , but we saw no guards to speak of .
tr	O	I didn 't know who I was channeling , but it all sounded good , so I went with it .
tr	I	He could think of far worse things he could 've been doing but he hadn 't planned on starting his day out ravishing her .
tr	I	I knew that it was only a matter of time before I was no longer useful , but they were never cruel .
tr	I	He would be if he was allowed the right of his rank , or he was an alpha wolf .
tr	O	He had never been a believer , but for a moment , he thought that he had gone down instead of up .
tr	O	Savannah moved to get up , trying to adjust her clothes , but Cole held her in place .
tr	I	I knew that was just a wasted effort , but sometimes I wished things had turned out differently .
tr	I	The earbuds are just for show and it doesn 't play any music .
tr	O	Our free time wrapped up , and everyone was sent off to their dorms .
tr	O	My shadow fell over them , and in unison the twins greeted me .
tr	O	Her headache only grew worse , but when she reached the top , she forgot about fatigue , forgot about pain .
tr	I	I gripped it tightly until it burned and the orb I reclaimed in my hand became hotter .
tr	O	No , there was more to it than that , but for her life she couldn 't figure out what .
tr	I	At least he 'd gotten Nick to go to Angel , but he hadn 't needed his brother 's nudge to get him to go after her .
tr	O	My footsteps were silent , and I moved without detection despite the baby I carried .
tr	I	I am really going to miss him and dane is like a brother to me .
tr	O	Scarlett expected their shoes to echo inside the cavernous place , but there was only silence .
tr	O	I 'd only heard of a handful of killer whale attacks , and I 'd never heard of a killer whale carrying a gun .
tr	I	He had great taste in music , and he seemed like a decent guy .
tr	I	He saw how wrinkled it was and his thumb ran over her knuckle .
tr	I	He understood that , and she had to find her sister .
tr	I	She is literally losing her shit , and her dress was trashed on the trip over here .
tr	I	I blinked back tears of sympathy , and it hurt to see him suffering .
tr	O	His easy agreement surprised her , and she studied him more closely .
tr	I	I drove alone back to New Orleans , and Elise ran into the house with them .
tr	I	His iron wrench broke with the impact , but he tried to parry the next attack .
tr	I	I felt my insides melt as I thought about her , and an image of Maddie 's sweet smile flashed in my mind .
tr	O	Nina jerked her head back up , and tears glittered in those gray eyes .
tr	I	It wasn 't going to get any easier , and her presence here was certainly problematic .
tr	O	All she wanted to do was run , but with her heart pounding so hard , she stood frozen .
tr	I	She had felt like she still had plenty of time to start her family , but sure she was looking forward to getting married .
tr	I	The coffee will be brewing and I 'll have breakfast waiting for you .
tr	O	They were fierce goblin warriors , but part of them was not .
tr	I	It made my heart sink all the same , but it was a breathtaking sight .
tr	I	She gave it a squeeze before giving me an apologetic smile , and Ula held my hand .
tr	I	It was different when you had the charge of them , but we 'd lost a lot of good men in the summer patrols as well .
tr	O	Mom of course wants to chat , and Dee turns over the phone fast .
tr	O	He had no idea why he was so emotionally moved by her , but it was powerful .
tr	I	Her support softened his features , and Julia laid her hand over his .
tr	I	We said our goodbyes , and I shooed them along .
tr	O	Officially , we call them Masked Balls , but I call them Eyes Wide Shut parties .
tr	I	He didn 't need to be more attractive , but the time in the sun had been good for him , bronzing his skin until it glowed .
tr	O	I kept my silence , held his eyes and we went into stare down .
tr	O	Fat lot of good that would do , but it made me feel better , at least .
tr	O	* * * Nikki had protested , but Kevin drove her home from the clinic .
tr	I	He pulsed hard within her , nearly setting off her own answering explosion and she slid back down on to him .
tr	I	I suppose it could have been worse , but well , my first day hadn 't been great .
tr	I	His jaw dropped and his eyes widened .
tr	O	We have signed a declaration of exchange and we must urge you to go along with our plans .
tr	I	They still have murder in their hearts , but we 've beaten them back a little .
tr	O	I could never forgive myself as I had promised Antone to protect her but I never could fulfill my job .
tr	O	A curious lethargy stole over her , but she was no nearer sleep than she had been earlier .
tr	O	He pulled his arm back , but only a managed to escape from the shield with a slimy black stump .
tr	O	She always knows what to say to someone and she can make you laugh no matter what .
tr	O	There was a plan was in motion and many lives were at stake .
tr	O	Reveal Lina didn 't know how long she 'd been laying but she woke in a pool of her own tears .
tr	I	The rapids below offer a great fishing ground and animals scent their territory around here .
tr	I	Claire took it , and Matt put up his hand .
tr	I	He figured Sam could handle the situation , but Judson felt a little sorry for him .
tr	I	Max had been more revealing , but she was keeping her secrets .
tr	O	Raj called me in the morning and we had little chitchat as usual .
tr	I	It sounded happier to me today than it had in a long time , but the office was the usual buzz of morning business .
tr	I	You 're obviously upset and that was a serious call .
tr	I	Blood roared through her ears , and she froze at the nickname .
tr	I	She heard it fall to the floor , and he pushed her jacket from her shoulders .
tr	I	He loved her and she was his .
tr	O	The quarter children aren 't and that causes problems at times .
tr	I	Financial ease had ceased to be a goal to her , but she wasn 't poor .
tr	O	A thunderstorm was rolling in from the West and I could see lightning flashing in the distance .
tr	I	Laughed at something I missed , and she stared at the screen , the previews now starting .
tr	I	I planned to bury myself in a secluded spot in the library and I went back to our room to get my books .
tr	O	He thrust faster and her back arched .
tr	I	He was six feet tall , and the top of her head came almost to his jaw .
tr	O	Her arms were crossed and she was glaring at him .
tr	I	Mana seemed entirely at her ease , but the sound echoed through the room .
tr	I	I pull it out of that dark passage , but my mind shudders .
tr	O	He 'd asked her not to cover up her body and that was the first thing she was looking to do .
tr	I	The only way the creek wasn 't going to be a problem was to unplug the thing , and the biggest problem was the creek .
tr	O	The thought occurred that he might point out what she actually wanted , but it was probably out of line .
tr	O	It would be nice to find them but if we don 't , I 'm good right here with him .
tr	I	I was a fool to even think along those lines , and there was no magic here .
tr	I	The machines showed that , and my pulse rate was up .
tr	O	The crew went through the steps three times as fast and the cannon was lit .
tr	I	I didn 't understand why David wasn 't upset when Gill took his girl -- and I was sure that Susan was being sarcastic .
tr	I	They were talking rather than arguing , and he had Lauren in his arms .
tr	O	Nicole 's voice is so quiet I can barely hear her , and slender tracks of tears wind down her face as she remembers her dead friend .
tr	O	Maybe it wasn 't exactly advice , but his words had led me to a course of action .
tr	I	Joshua wiped them away and the final tears passed .
tr	O	I didn 't know what he was playing at , but I knew it wouldn 't end well for him .
tr	O	He wasn 't vertically challenged , and he didn 't look that much older than she was .
tr	I	It wasn 't like she was in love with him either , and she couldn 't expect him to be in love with her .
tr	I	We have to act fast , but I 've slowed the bleeding .
tr	I	Boy I 'll be a soldier of the righteous truth , and you give me a compass that tells good from bad .
tr	O	The cafeteria was bustling and bodies were moving everywhere .
tr	I	I couldn 't place it at the moment , but his was face was vaguely familiar .
tr	O	We don 't race , but he has to be there to oversee the race .
tr	O	The corners of his mouth hitched up slightly , but still he said nothing .
tr	O	I slowly opened my eyes again , but I was disappointed .
tr	I	I can tell he doesn 't want to answer , and he kicks at the bottom of the fence .
tr	I	They never provided an explanation , and what they thought was right .
tr	O	His words rung in my ears , and yet my heart agreed with him .
tr	I	Phillip made them stand , but the other quickly followed .
tr	O	The children loved having their own little house to play in and it was kept for their exclusive use .
tr	I	Let me tell you , she should write a book on it , and the car drive over was filled with Aunt Lulu 's shopping advice .
tr	O	There 's still no contact about any kind of demand , and that leads me to believe you may not receive one .
tr	O	The alcohol made its way down and the effects riveted throughout my body .
tr	O	I collapse onto my bed pad and barely pull my boots off before I plunge into sleep .
tr	I	He could confide in her , and she kept him company on the trail .
tr	I	One was instantly thrown from the saddle , a pistol crack sounding nearby , but two horsemen spurred their mounts towards me .
tr	O	She pulled the sun visor down and a pair of keys dropped into her lap .
tr	I	The opportunity never arose again , but he 'd sincerely meant to tell Carrie about his relationship with Natalie .
tr	O	I hadn 't dreamed of him again , and Mom never brought him up .
tr	I	His lack of scorn regarding her ideas , and he pleased her with his ready comprehension .
tr	I	The Habsburgs are fighting to get one of their own crowned again , and the Holy Roman Empire has been torn apart since King Albrecht died .
tr	I	They were nowhere to be seen , but I looked around for some of the usually ubiquitous cops .
tr	O	He is still naked , but now he has a length of cord coiled around his shoulder .
tr	I	She worries about me , and she is dying .
tr	I	He covered it up with another broad smile / jaunty wave combo , but the floor gave slightly bringing a touch of giddiness to his circuits .
tr	I	She couldn 't afford to let herself freak out , and they weren 't out of here yet .
tr	O	When it didn 't go away she shot a quick glance over Charlie 's shoulder , but it revealed nothing out of the ordinary .
tr	O	I hovered over Lysander a bit too long , and I felt him stealing glances at me from the corner of his eye .
tr	O	She 's using me and I 'm using her .
tr	O	She gave him her hand and they proceeded through the crowd to the front of the hall .
tr	O	When he talked himself out of that , his mind turned to his brother , and he rolled over with a groan to check on Ty .
tr	O	Sure , she wasn 't as well endowed as the women he usually hung out with , but she wasn 't that bad .
tr	I	She was still more pale than when Rico had first seen her in the village and her forehead beaded sweat .
tr	I	Their blood will be on my hands , but you will slaughter them .
tr	I	She didn 't want to know , and she had no idea what all these things added up to .
tr	O	That it pained him pained me , but not enough to change it .
tr	I	Steven had never understood the attraction , and Carolyn had been totally dependent on Andrew .
tr	O	I had to let him drive , you know , since I 'm working my keyboard magic , but we thought you could use some help .
tr	I	There still was no answer but I pushed the doorbell one more time .
tr	O	I lay my head on his chest and he wraps his arms tightly around me .
tr	O	Her eyes are already on me and she nods in agreement with James .
tr	I	They 're doing so many things around here I cared not to look anymore , and they changed the sets , the models .
tr	O	When the Boeing lifted off , his tension seemed to levitate from his shoulders and he started to relax .
tr	I	There was even a gleam of amusement in his silvery gray eyes , and Relief flooded her when she saw that he no longer looked devastated .
tr	I	Jason collapsed on the road , face first and they got about half way to the truck .
tr	O	I had fallen in love with him once , and I was halfway there now .
tr	I	She was on my good side , but I didn 't like it when she talked down to me like that .
tr	I	When I get there , a woman looks up at me , but I walk there slowly , still somehow waiting to wake up .
tr	I	Even so , the siege failed , but the tall walls suffered significant damage .
tr	O	Through the course of the day , they had overflowed Kara 's trash with empty cans , yet they drank more .
tr	I	Claire stopped short just a few inches away , and she put out a hand , palm out .
tr	O	My knees knocked together , buckled , and I propelled onto my face .
tr	O	There were some issues only she could make decisions on and she needed a few days to review them .
tr	I	Being silent on an argument meant you agreed with it , and he was an experienced debater .
tr	O	As he felt her acquiescence his kiss became more insistent and he pressed her softness against him , molding her body into his .
tr	O	That I was worried my lack of experience would so obviously show and I wouldn 't measure up to Logan 's standards .
tr	O	My father had tried his best to make me like the others , but he had failed on several occasions .
tr	I	Maddie ordered Seth to leave while his niece changed , and Brandy 's dress was hanging in the office .
tr	O	Hazard was older than most of the kids , but riding on bats was still a new skill for him .
tr	O	Grace pulled the blankets up over us and we kicked off our clothes beneath them .
tr	O	Practices started to take too much time away from my homework , and Mom put her foot down .
tr	O	Maybe he was right and I should go out ?
tr	I	Gavin follows after him and Joel storms out .
tr	O	The silver key let her in , and she locked the door behind her .
tr	I	Being just a teacher , but as a Brother , the students were in awe ?
tr	O	We usually parted ways when the bus reached Central Campus , but she held back once we got off .
tr	I	He squeezed , his smile so big that his face nearly split and Seth 's hand caressed a line up her leg to rest on her knee .
tr	O	Mark 's head snapped around at this and a look of perplexity came over his face .
tr	O	He was almost 80 , but others thought much younger .
tr	I	I 'm still spinning , but the world has stopped .
tr	I	I didn 't care , and my voice was hard .
tr	I	His eyes looked hard but he wore a grin .
tr	I	We 'll have to cut this meeting short , but I 'm sorry , Ms. Garza .
tr	O	There were a few people passing by , but she was too scared to ask anyone .
tr	O	He had lost his worried expression , and good humor replaced his seriousness .
tr	I	They gestured less I think , but they still had weapons with them .
tr	I	She jabs it into Alba 's ribs , and a spoon is gripped in her hand .
tr	O	There were so many ways to do so to a mortal , and he was going to find the one that took the longest .
tr	O	Her lashes fluttered up , and her gaze pinned him .
tr	I	I sat on the edge of the bed , facing her , and Ellery laid herself down on her side .
tr	O	Adam 's eyes met mine , startled , a little confused , as if he had no idea who I was talking about , and I snapped .
tr	O	My feelings had been building since our childhood , but that year , the year he turned sixteen , was the year everything changed .
tr	I	We heard everything , but we closed our eyes .
tr	O	I spent all my free time with him , but it was obviously not enough for him .
tr	O	The gates he operated were covered in roses , and the symmetry of the idea appealed to him .
tr	O	She wiggles against me and I feel my body react .
tr	O	We come out into the next station but the train grinds to a halt .
tr	O	I 'm feel like I 'm in an eighties slasher flick , and I click on the lamp next to the bed .
tr	O	He opens the front door and we step into the house .
tr	I	There was no getting away but I cried on another heave to get away .
tr	O	This time , when someone rapped on the door , I was expecting it , but I took my time about answering , tremors shaking over me .
tr	I	I dug my nails into my palms , and the edges of my vision turned red .
tr	O	I tried to sound as casual as possible , but my hands twitched nervously as I responded .
tr	O	I stare at her , at a loss , and then she laughs .
tr	I	I had to hold my breath to keep from making a noise , and his arm brushed my side .
tr	O	He 'd expected to have no problem exercising that restraint , but it wasn 't easy .
tr	I	She doesn 't adjust well and this is a big change for her .
tr	O	He cocked his head at me and his brown eyes turned unusually serious .
tr	O	We will of course remain an important country , but our influence will be much reduced .
tr	O	Vince couldn 't obtain the hero worship he craved any other way , or he wouldn 't have repeated the crime he 'd committed in Iowa .
tr	I	I focused my flashlight in the direction of the sound , and I had everyone turn off their flashlights .
tr	O	All the sounds seemed muted , and all the colours seemed drab .
tr	O	The back door is unlocked , and the security alarm is dead .
tr	I	Cora turned the TV back on and I lay back on the couch .
tr	O	A wave of soothing warmth penetrated my every cell , and our indivisible entity became light as a petal floating on water .
tr	O	He left me twice , and I never tried to stop him from doing what he thought was right .
tr	O	We had penetrated into his lair , his domain , while he was amusing himself , and he was angry .
tr	O	I told mom I 'd be right back and she came to the door to see Avril .
tr	I	He stood up and Pablo 's face got irritated .
tr	I	Birds flew and clouds formed .
tr	O	He put his finger to his lips this time to keep her silent and she nodded , bemused , as he moved stealthily to the door .
tr	O	I don 't know how , but I 've stopped underestimating her .
tr	I	It did wonders for the worry I felt over her predicament , but it did little to ease the fury I felt inside .
tr	O	Weldon buried Thomas on his North Dakota property , and many of the werewolves carried large stones from the river to cover his grave .
tr	O	I don 't know you and I don 't trust you .
tr	I	She didn 't understand , and Cassie felt more embarrassed .
tr	O	Holly teased her about being a compulsive list maker , but it worked for Kate .
tr	O	They meet halfway and Miya crumples as his arms come around her .
tr	I	She trusted him and Owen had always been fair to her .
tr	O	He crouched down to make out the faded writing near the base , but the noise of something shifting behind him made him freeze .
tr	I	I pay it no mind , but Pain ripples around his wrist .
tr	O	Tomorrow you can depart with Jason , sharing his secret , or you can depart for a quiet life on a farm .
tr	O	We both sat up and she looked at me .
tr	I	The salty wind only adds to the performance , and the waves roll in behind the huge stage .
tr	I	She found herself smiling as well , and then she noticed the twinkle in his eye , the smile at the edges of his lips .
tr	O	His frustration jumps from the pages and I can see he has been left stumped .
tr	O	Look , you 've made your point and we all get to govern ourselves accordingly .
tr	O	Her mouth was completely dry and her breath came up short .
tr	I	As long as she had their alpha 's protection , they couldn 't touch her , but sure , they might hate her kind .
tr	I	He forced himself to relax and Ashlyn released a breathy sigh .
tr	O	I 'm a meticulous planner , and when I 'm presented something like what I was just presented with , I freeze .
tr	I	He was still unconscious and he was still too pale .
tr	O	All I had to go off was the journal ... the journal of a lunatic , and I was only halfway through that specific piece of evidence .
tr	I	Then I had more than my usual share of unexpected visitors lately , but I wasn 't expecting anyone .
tr	O	We chatted about weekend plans as he towel dried his hair , and I watched him walk around the room in his pajama bottoms .
tr	I	Gil waved him off , but Avery began to approach .
tr	I	You 're still Victor Stone 's son and your father is still the one responsible for her father 's death .
tr	I	I lost sight of Grayson as I sped through the sprawling parking lot and it did .
tr	I	At once they rushed him and the leader called .
tr	I	His expression twisted , and she protested loudly .
tr	I	Sticking out of the car were two legs and the door was open .
tr	I	It was trying to warn them off and they 'd probably just stumbled too close to its babies .
tr	I	I heard it nevertheless , but Unspoken was the word together .
tr	I	All was to no avail , but she fought against the bondage of paralysis to grip again the mace that had slipped from her hand .
tr	I	They seemed to like me and I liked bananas .
tr	I	I didn 't have a face , a voice , but my mind was spinning in circles , trying to point a finger at someone .
tr	I	She didn 't like Andrew Reid 's slightly mocking smile , and she 'd no desire to get even further entangled in the Riddell family .
tr	I	He burst into laughter for the second time tonight , and his sense of humor finally won out .
tr	O	I let you go without saying good-bye , and I 've hated myself ever since .
tr	I	With some power , I pushed it , to be heard and I saw a ring bell button .
tr	O	A curious smile curved his lips because I was staring , but I could tell from his stride that he was used to being stared at .
tr	I	Her slender arms suddenly tightened on him , and she turned her face against his chest .
tr	I	That 's better , at least with regard to the heat , and we 've been flying at night a lot .
tr	O	It turned out to be a bug , and the noise was its wings .
tr	O	Occasionally someone threw a bits of fried onion at Armin , and he caught them in his mouth , crunching away happily .
tr	I	He was right in front of her and she did what he said to her .
tr	O	We 'd handed out the flashlights , but no one seemed to understand what to do with them .
tr	I	I need to figure this out , but I didn 't plan this .
tr	O	He leaned in to give me another kiss , but I pulled away , fighting the urge to give into him .
tr	O	His strong arms swung her leg over his face and he pulled her on top of him .
tr	I	I needed to be alone , but I wasn 't sure where I wanted to go .
tr	I	Thomas found himself turned around , looking the other way , and it was hard to watch Dragons eating in this way .
tr	I	My body trembled as my legs shook on his face and his tongue entered me as he sucked on my clit .
tr	O	His dark expression said he was ready to deny what he was hearing , but Claire cut him off before he had a chance to speak .
tr	I	John took it , shaking his head and he handed the pink band of material to his father .
tr	I	I got ta hoof it since it gets dark pretty early now , but Glad there 's no bugs .
tr	I	I know I can 't bear the pain if the ice melts away and your heat threatens to melt it all .
tr	I	The tree struck directly behind him , in Carrie 's path narrowly missing her car and he stepped on the gas , spinning his tires .
tr	O	The night was still ruling the sky and I scolded myself for waking before the relief of dawn .
tr	I	He plowed through the blows , but he could feel their impact on his face .
tr	I	The stars looked down on him , and the sky was clear .
tr	O	Something in her begged her to surrender to the feeling , but she fought against it with every ounce of her will .
tr	I	She desperately wanted to touch him , to feel his rough skin with her fingertips and his body had always fascinated her .
tr	I	When she spotted Jenn 's Honda Accord , she wasted no time , but it took a minute to find it .
tr	O	She was still a troubled woman ... and there was nothing he could do to help her beyond providing her with this house to live in .
tr	I	I know most of you have never held a gun in your lives , and I know you 're scared .
tr	I	I felt as though I had gone three rounds in a heavyweight match , with me being the loser of the bout and my head was throbbing .
tr	I	The little boy happily retrieves a basket to help serve everyone , and he motions for Henry to help him .
tr	O	When he nodded , she smiled and this time he allowed her kiss .
tr	I	He said no of course , but after she left , a doctor asked Laurence if to let Montana in .
tr	I	The police were alerted and Jo was admitted for observation .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I was very aware that there were four other sets of eyes staring curiously in our direction .
tr	O	He didn 't know why , but seeing her made him feel like a man .
tr	I	Jackson was looking at me funny , but I was more than happy to stop .
tr	O	Those guys had been playing Addie like she was a piece in some game , and they had absolutely no remorse .
tr	O	An iota of guilt nagged at her for not telling Kevin about Nate , but another part insisted she not worry about it .
tr	O	I swallow hard and as I do , I realize that my throat is tender from Luca 's hands last night .
tr	I	I realized we 'd already gone two blocks , and the cabbie 's baritone cut through my dazed preoccupation .
tr	I	Flung the door open and I stomped across the trailer .
tr	I	I want so much to be close to this man , but it 's not the kind of thing I usually share .
tr	O	Some of the bigger shards made their way to my feet , and I stared at them for a moment .
tr	I	No heart beats in his chest , and no blood runs through his veins .
tr	I	There was no way Aden had met this particular cow , and Cheese came from cows .
tr	I	They all stared at him , and he stopped , breathing heavily .
tr	I	He was happy that no one recognized him and he walked towards the precinct with crazy thoughts .
tr	O	He didn 't think she 'd buy into this but he couldn 't think of a better plan .
tr	I	It 's that Warner thinks we 're all dead , and there 's a silver lining in all of this .
tr	I	At least I remembered it happening , but everything else that happened since seemed bizarre .
tr	O	My hands began to sweat and my heart began to race .
tr	O	She could lie , but Mack was right .
tr	O	Xavier opens his arm wide and Tomas runs into his body .
tr	O	You 're not around that much , and I know you 're not working all the time .
tr	O	My stomach heaved and I gulped down .
tr	O	I asked , and Liam shrugged .
tr	O	He didn 't know what she wanted , but he knew he couldn 't refuse the candy .
tr	I	I slam my fist into the driver 's side window , and I march straight for my car , getting more furious with each step .
tr	O	It crushed down on my hand , and I felt the bones breaking .
tr	O	I was told to eat it , and I found that when I ate it I could control the curse .
tr	I	It was a worthless effort , but over the weekend , I tried not to worry about stuff .
tr	I	His eyes warmed even more but he lips tipped up slightly .
tr	O	He knew he was waking , yet he didn 't want to .
tr	O	He was much more skilled with foreplay than she was , but he couldn 't wait to teach her how he liked to be pleased .
tr	O	I do not want that to happen and I think there are those who would not want that too .
tr	I	I could see beneath it , but he smiled a smile that seemed worshiping on the outside .
tr	O	Winkler recalled at the last moment that he was in public and the waiter was on his way to refill iced tea glasses .
tr	I	I transformed into the beast , and a rage overtook me .
tr	O	He wished to be on the roof of the Discovery Apartments , and the crystal took him there .
tr	O	Bliss , you started a little unsure , but you were dead on by the end .
tr	I	I don 't want to push it with her but I want to say more .
tr	O	My mother didn 't know any lesbians personally , and she didn 't want to know any , either .
tr	O	They must have a creator , but it is not a super being , not a God .
tr	I	It wasn 't a happy smile , but she tried to smile a little .
tr	I	Then kissed her creamy skin slowly ... gently and I buried my face in the crook of her neck , taking one big breath of her .
tr	O	That 's an excuse and you know it .
tr	I	She 'd had enough explosions for a while , but she usually preferred blow 'em up action flicks .
tr	I	They did not dart together , and his eyes darted all around .
tr	I	She heard the resentful whispers as they passed , but Alex fixed her eyes on Kincaid 's back .
tr	I	She takes Valium before dentist appointments , and she has to cut her own hair .
tr	I	She almost wished it hadn 't , and her implant obeyed .
tr	O	She was aware now that she had had no time to grieve for him and she was not even sure when she would ever have the time .
tr	O	Daddy was pissed and he had a bat !
tr	O	We slip into one of the rooms ... and it 's quiet .
tr	O	She 's fraught with panic and her body still thrashes around .
tr	I	I continued forward , but I felt sick .
tr	I	He closed his eyes while inhaling and her sweet fragrance surrounded him .
tr	O	Jesse hadn 't known anything about this , but she was soon to confirm every detail .
tr	I	That was what she felt with him , but it didn 't make sense .
tr	I	I 've got a memory but I may be an idiot .
tr	O	Right now the dominant personality is Jude Cole , and his only purpose is to protect Lukas Clay .
tr	O	Those expensive shoes stepped closer and my blindfold was yanked free .
tr	I	I want to court you , Annie but I know it 's old fashioned .
tr	I	It took all her effort to push her neurons into action , to find a counter-argument to win her freedom and her thoughts were weak .
tr	I	He 'd been even more surprised by her perceptiveness but when Shelley had blurted out the question he 'd been taken aback by her bluntness .
tr	O	Cassie stared down into the fire , and it suddenly seemed to be everywhere .
tr	O	Chloe looked mutinous for a few seconds , but she finally abandoned the battle .
tr	O	I laugh harder , but it makes the pain of my headache that much worse .
tr	I	The full force of her loss hit her and she watched as Mrs. Basso was taken away .
tr	O	You will be expected to make for one of our houses and we would have further arrangements to provide for you from there .
tr	I	I swear I can hear his heart beating and his hand is turning pallid as he clutches onto the steering wheel .
tr	O	My legs felt sleepy and my back hurt from riding on the saddle all day .
tr	I	His hair was a bushy tangle and he was dressed in filthy clothing .
tr	I	I totally agree , and I hear you , Annie .
tr	O	Her steadfast denial is like flint to tinder , and my temper flares again .
tr	I	His father had known it , and he 'd known it .
tr	O	Instead he gropes around above me and a small bare bulb goes off .
tr	O	I was sitting there , enjoying my buzz , and you two started talking .
tr	I	The world blurred , and a tingle ran over me .
tr	I	Then he turned back toward the door , but a guard gave him a wary look .
tr	O	I knew the plot of Charley 's Aunt and I liked it .
tr	I	Until then take some time off and Johnny , please be patient .
tr	O	The falling ash from the second volcano would get into the engine and if they didn 't land they would be joining the family below .
tr	I	He was sweet , but he may not be interested .
tr	O	I tugged at my lap bar , but what did I think I could do ?
tr	I	Still it hurt , but she knew that she couldn 't go to the event with him , not after the blowup with Heather .
tr	O	He rubbed his eyes , and for one brief moment , I thought he was crying .
tr	O	I swallowed , but I still felt like I was choking .
tr	I	Captain Charles Johnson 's , but that 's not my observation .
tr	O	Some reminded him of those from the testing , but there were many others that looked far more complex .
tr	I	I knew , with everything inside me , that I would see this through with him and I felt a claim on him .
tr	O	The hope in his voice is faint , and we both know he is wrong .
tr	I	She doesn 't lose focus on the beast , but briefly , she looks over at the sheep 's head lying severed from the missing body .
tr	I	The view of the red liquid inside it hit him just as the smell did , and he tipped the cup toward Simon .
tr	I	He disassembled it for parts , and I brought it back to my grandfather .
tr	I	The whole time I couldn 't take my eyes off of Grandpa , but we took another two-minute break to explain what we 'd been through .
tr	O	It 's hard to hear her through the crying , but the soft utter of the words are enough that a few tears escape my eyes .
tr	I	She wasn 't allowing it and he was trying to treat Jewell better .
tr	O	Dani glided over to us , and we headed into the trees .
tr	O	Although he was sure the place was already crawling with shady characters , and he didn 't want to take any chances .
tr	I	She studied the knobby thing that she recalled she had to pull down to allow the vehicle to move forward and the engine roared to life .
tr	I	It was a wistful smile that made something inside me ache , but he smiled .
tr	O	Other than those similarities , they were quite different , and their wives weren 't anything like each other .
tr	I	When he did , I had seen livelier expressions in the bargain rack of a fish market , but Rudolph didn 't show his eyes much .
tr	I	I scowled at her and they landed on my feet .
tr	O	He looked at me like this was important , but I couldn 't get past the idea that Noah hadn 't dated anyone seriously since high school .
tr	O	The only light came from the various TV screens , but it was way more than any of us needed .
tr	I	He opened it and she knocked on his door .
tr	I	She knew it was the wolf , but her attacker had no discernible shape .
tr	I	She couldn 't afford to get injured , but perhaps she could have killed it quicker .
tr	O	the little girl shouted , and we all looked up .
tr	I	I am happy for you , honestly , and I 'd love to meet your special woman .
tr	O	The angry men were creditors of Rufus not of my darling Alfred , yet I thought ill of him .
tr	I	Lilly spoke but I opened my mouth to argue .
tr	I	Looking back , I really couldn 't picture it any different , but high school had been nothing like I imagined it would be .
tr	O	Perhaps the air conditioning had caused a draft and I hadn 't closed the door completely , causing it to blow open .
tr	O	He needed her , and she needed him .
tr	I	His guts felt like jelly and both his lips were split .
tr	O	he asked , and those blue eyes captured hers .
tr	O	The group has come back together and I motion them to form up .
tr	O	Mary gave him entry , and he plundered her mouth , meeting her tongue with his .
tr	O	The grandmother nodded once , and he looked relieved .
tr	O	I can see her movement , but I can 't feel her touch .
tr	O	In the latter scenario , these separate parts are not necessarily symmetrical , but they are both , by their nature , vastly incomplete .
tr	O	Waiter tilted his head , analyzing the spectacle , and then rechecked , using the less useful solitaire game on his monitor .
tr	O	We wouldn 't get full custody , but you 're her mother , Lexi .
tr	I	An airship didn 't have to worry about tracks , but the train had been fast .
tr	O	Somehow I had to leave the house , and I couldn 't use the stairs .
tr	O	She loved the work she was doing , and the pride in her tone was evident .
tr	O	I can hear the water turn on and the sound of her brushing her teeth .
tr	I	You are come , and well , I expected you .
tr	O	Best not get into that or she 'd hit him again .
tr	I	I got a fork in anyway , but she knocked my fork away with hers to defend the potatoes from me .
tr	O	The smell of the cell -- industrial cleaners , sweat , fear -- made her throat ache , or maybe that was just her general tension .
tr	O	I feel him shift in the darkness and soon his body is too close so disarmingly close to mine .
tr	O	Always trying to save me , but the nightmare is him slipping away at the end .
tr	I	I understand that , and you 're frustrated .
tr	O	Then his eyes became marble , and his body leaned to one side , a long , rattling sigh escaping from it as it relaxed in death .
tr	I	In the brightness , I saw that the tiny room was vacant , and Lightning flashed .
tr	I	We started walking again , and he nodded .
tr	I	We walked to the street , and Jared tugged on my hand .
tr	I	It was more comfortable , but it really didn 't offer a great view of the cells .
tr	O	Tavi saw Fade 's attention snap toward him in the corner of his vision , but he didn 't look at the slave .
tr	O	He was biting my hands , and I was reeling in pain .
tr	O	I had nothing to say , and I was scared that I 'd say something too flirty .
tr	O	They had design flaws from the beginning and now they couldn 't solve them .
tr	I	I snap the mem card into it , and Amy pulls it out of her pocket .
tr	O	A thought crossed her mind and the irony of it made her chuckle .
tr	O	The Mitchells arrived when we did , and the hostess ushered us to a long table in the back .
tr	I	It was causing pain in his opposite shoulder and she was still straining against his arm .
tr	O	They miss you , though , and it 's hard on them .
tr	I	She was just as hungry as he was and they hadn 't been together in a month .
tr	O	Yes , she 'd be a perfect mentor and I 'd learn so much about a business that wasn 't that different from mine .
tr	I	He said sweet things , and he made me smile .
tr	I	She hissed , jerking her fingers back and there was a flicker of silver static .
tr	I	All my resolve vanish and it makes my heart start pumping .
tr	I	Demonic , glowing eyes bored into her , and immediately ghoulish heads turned .
tr	O	Jess looked at Johnnie and he kissed her .
tr	O	The show began and Emma could tell every one of her guests loved her delightful daughter already .
tr	I	The words would not form on my lips , but there was so much I wanted to say .
tr	I	I find that unconscionable , and they didn 't treat us as adults , Shadow .
tr	O	He tried with all his might to throw me off , but he was helpless as a worm .
tr	I	The guy won no soft spots with me , but most everyone seemed to tolerate him because of it .
tr	O	Julie looks at me like she 's waiting for more , and I wonder if I 've expressed anything at all with my halting , mumbled soliloquy .
tr	O	I know how important the sorority thing is to some girls , but they can 't force you to do something like that .
tr	I	He raised an eyebrow at my appearance , and I turned to face him .
tr	O	Her mouth dried , and she suddenly tasted cotton .
tr	O	Sarah 's eyes opened fully at that , and she nodded , her eyes holding his .
tr	O	He was getting no younger and he really needed a significant amount of money in order to disappear for good to the anonymity of the Caribbean .
tr	O	I was taken without incident to my cell , but as the guards unlocked it , I glanced at the other closed doors in the hallway .
tr	O	The windows are tinted but I think I already know who 's in there .
tr	O	A few moments later Severance Pay settled gently down into the landing field , and Severance cracked the hatch .
tr	O	A song by the Foo Fighters comes on , and I sit up a little in my seat .
tr	O	It was the middle of the night and her room felt more like a prison .
tr	I	She 's not mine , but Bambi is a demon familiar .
tr	O	Only a few scraps of food were available to share and drinking water was short as well .
tr	I	Evra froze , and he sang .
tr	O	He slipped the blanket off my shoulders and when I heard his sharp inhalation , I wanted to grab it again .
tr	I	I really couldn 't imagine Aaron cheating on her , but I knew that didn 't make up for anything .
tr	O	The stopover was very brief and we were back on track .
tr	I	I didn 't want Parker to think I hated him , but I may have been angry .
tr	I	You never waited for me but I came back for you !
tr	I	The scenario he gave wasn 't inconceivable , but his response didn 't seem particularly plausible .
tr	O	She didn 't know where it had come from , but she put it on anyway over her black underwear .
tr	I	They don 't forget it , and I appointed them for that .
tr	O	He thought he heard Asher yelling his name , but he didn 't care .
tr	O	I try to lean up , but he doesn 't back down .
tr	O	Over the past ten months she had cast a spell and he didn 't even want out .
tr	I	She clutched her throat softly and Kira felt the breath catch in her chest .
tr	O	I wish I were dead , truly dead , Father , because I want to be human again and I know I cannot be .
tr	I	They needed full-time people to respond to it but the advertising had made it quite popular .
tr	I	It was something I understood , but cats weren 't quite as open with their affection as dogs .
tr	I	She wasn 't certain she could make it , and that was almost surely where he was going .
tr	O	A big floater caught me on the elbow and I cursed to myself .
tr	I	You 'd never be able to tell by the determined expression on his face , but he 'd already been through a lot .
tr	I	She blinked them back and tears stung her eyes .
tr	O	I 'd hoped he 'd be willing to go for the ripping it off like a bandage route , but I wasn 't going to press him .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure what would be waiting for me there , but I knew I had to return to Nell 's forest clearing .
tr	O	I couldn 't make out the words , but the voice was angry , maybe hysterical .
tr	I	My hunger licks its lips eagerly , but it 's such a small amount .
tr	O	Her eyes widened and she began to push at my chest .
tr	I	The truth is out and I am thankful that you are here .
tr	I	She flicked at a voile curtain dismissively , as though critiquing the decorating job and James caught her eye .
tr	I	Reacting to Bobo this way was a constant irritant , and I loved Jack , loved him more than anything .
tr	O	She looked up into his eyes and she was surprised to see the playful glint in the green depths .
tr	O	Difficult , because he felt like his body wasn 't his own , but a good life mate by any standard .
tr	I	You 'll have to deal with me or don 't fuck with John .
tr	I	They came away wet with blood , and I put my fingers to the throbbing ache .
tr	O	He is mesmerised until the sounds of raspy gasps and loud tears bring him back .
tr	I	He decided to ride it out but Dave should have walked away .
tr	O	She 'd arranged to meet Olivia for lunch at noon , but she 'd had to deal with a patron 's inquiry .
tr	O	It was a new life , and Mad Rogan had given it to him .
tr	I	I didn 't have a bib within reach to throw at him and he would 've started drooling at the table .
tr	O	Three had gone west and two had gone east .
tr	I	It seemed to be crowded with a young , rowdy crowd and the fountain was a popular tourist spot .
tr	I	I 'm surprised Rory was able to make a vague reference to sexual desire , but I don 't say it .
tr	I	Then Mother is beside me , and Prospero shouts something about dancing .
tr	O	Sophie asked for one , and Theo lit them both .
tr	O	A soft sigh escaped her lips , and she shook her head in sorrow .
tr	I	He 'd clenched his hands , and his face was turning red .
tr	I	I extinguish it quickly , but fear blazes through me .
tr	I	If she wasn 't , he was prepared for a good hard slap , and he figured if she was willing , she would kiss him back .
tr	I	She felt compelled to explain and he didn 't respond , just kept watching her .
tr	O	Days had past , and we had become best friends .
tr	O	My hands freeze up and I don 't know .
tr	O	Nate offered to pay the bill , and even though my dad tried to protest , Nate won the challenge , saying they were the real visitors .
tr	I	This time her dress was of watered silk , and she had changed from the outfit she was wearing that morning .
tr	I	It landed solidly in his hand , ready for the next blow , and he tossed it in the air , giving it a triple spin .
tr	I	I 'd never call him sweet , but Ricky was a lot of things .
tr	I	She paused in midair to greet him , and Nate glided over to her .
tr	I	They were too engaged in conversation to acknowledge my presence but I passed a pair of souls coming the other way .
tr	I	It was gone now but it might have helped .
tr	O	His feelings for me weren 't his weakest point , but his ego was .
tr	I	I opened the one Noelle pointed to , and half a dozen lockers lined the left wall .
tr	O	My parents didn 't follow the races , but I know the shape of the story nonetheless .
tr	I	I was now hearing everything in the house and my fangs had come out .
tr	I	She bolted stiff , and he shook her .
tr	O	I thanked her mother again for staying with her and she left .
tr	O	She blinked twice , noticing the difference in brightness as her pupils changed , and the tips of her fangs melted into ordinary teeth .
tr	I	I got this feeling that people expected us to stay together , and Yale was in our future .
tr	I	The sun was down outside and the lights were on inside .
tr	I	None of us are going home until we find out who 's responsible for this , and there are ten of us guarding all of you here .
tr	I	I was really starting to worry , but I wanted to respect his privacy .
tr	O	I had expected another grand marble room , but what stood before me was the longest hallway I had ever seen .
tr	I	There were few customers , and Ian could see that most of the locals felt the same .
tr	O	He had fine-tuned his mind to filter out such things , yet Dahlia was shattering an entire lifetime of conditioning .
tr	O	Her face disappeared into the pillow once more and the low wail of a muffled scream escaped .
tr	I	His breath was warm and he lowered his head again .
tr	O	I don 't know what Will 's done , but the water 's running again .
tr	I	She was already depressed and it was barely after eight .
tr	I	Hiding the affair would be impossible , but she had not wanted her friends to know about the money .
tr	O	It was cold so close to the lake , and the air smelled rancid .
tr	I	I followed his hand around and he gestured about the room .
tr	O	She dipped her tongue into the blue glass , coating it with silvery powder , and swallowed .
tr	O	I peeked in and the place was trashed .
tr	I	She flushed when her traitorous heart sped up , and he placed his hand on her chest .
tr	O	They found a do-it-yourself car wash in a town called Grants Pass , and Kaitlyn disbursed ninety-nine cents from their funds to buy paper towels .
tr	O	I then popped some popcorn and we settled on the couch to watch one of my DVDs .
tr	O	I thought she put on a good act , but I don 't think she cared all that much .
tr	I	I feel there 's no progress , but june I meet with Ashley regularly .
tr	I	I racked up many assists by feeding him , and Terrell averaged twenty-three points a game last year .
tr	O	We walked back to the house , our guns at ready , but we didn 't need them .
tr	I	If she knew the truth about the night with Eddie , she wouldn 't want me then either and she didn 't want me now .
tr	I	If a pitcher hits a batter , I 'm supposed to write HBP real big , and a double means drawing two dark lines .
tr	I	The younger girl shook her head , but Stacy offered her some grapes .
tr	O	My fingers dip into her wet hair , my tongue dips into her mouth , and our hips grind together rhythmically .
tr	O	I stuck my tongue out at him and one side of his mouth tipped upward .
tr	I	He is adamant , but it is the argument I gave Vasily .
tr	O	There is weakness here and I do what I can to help it find strength .
tr	O	It was on the tip of her tongue to confide that she , too , had experienced a kiss like no other , but she remained quiet .
tr	O	He did better during the singing , since he was participating , but he wasn 't doing well there , either .
tr	O	At the village everyone followed the same rules because our Elders said so and to disobey them was death .
tr	I	It was probably because I was too far away to see them , but I saw no tracks in the dirt .
tr	I	It would take hours and there were a million dead ends ahead .
tr	I	After last Saturday night I could hardly blame him , and I saw him always on the defensive .
tr	O	Suddenly the double doors swung wide and a woman doctor strolled through .
tr	I	His eyes were intensely green , and his hair was dark , cropped short in a soldier 's cut , as was his beard .
tr	O	His mouth fell open and his body stopped moving .
tr	O	I wouldn 't have minded walking , but the unknown variables made me ride horseback .
tr	I	She could see from his expression that she 'd impressed him and he nodded .
tr	O	We have things to do , and Ryan says you 're on the clock this morning .
tr	O	I do believe you , but I still don 't understand .
tr	O	He 'd come to the new world for a different sort of life , and he intended to grasp it with both hands .
tr	O	It was now September in Georgia , and the nights were hot , too .
tr	O	Calvin 's eyes locked with mine , and I couldn 't have looked away if I tried .
tr	I	He fell limp and the back of his head cracked with a wet thud on the edge of the tiled stair .
tr	I	We take our payment in blood and we fight for his vengeance .
tr	I	I keep thinking , What if I screw up and Ethan 's responsibility lecture is fresh in my mind ?
tr	O	Okay , so that was really stretching the justification but I did feel like the end justified the means .
tr	O	Then a moment later she blinked , and the flitting darkness was gone .
tr	O	These are my favorite times , where she 's not just Mom , but she 's also not guilty Mom .
tr	I	It was complete because she learned to love what was right in front of her , and Alma said her life had been complete .
tr	O	Her voice took a more pleading tone , and it wavered as if she was going to break down .
tr	O	I was giving the audience exactly what they wanted , a damn show , and they weren 't missing a hot minute of it .
tr	I	She hated it , and then it became cold .
tr	I	She needed things that this place didn 't have , but so far I saw no signs of renewed bleeding .
tr	O	A gun was in his hand , and he raised it , taking aim .
tr	O	She 's four years old , and you 're afraid of her .
tr	O	I described my clothes and she said no to everything until my entire closet was on the floor .
tr	O	It was open , and she knew it was only a matter of time before she got caught with him .
tr	I	It might have been the best , but it wasn 't his first kiss .
tr	O	The door burst open and Morgan appeared with a squad of goons .
tr	O	Originally she said she had some information for me , and yet I was still unsure if she had given me this information .
tr	O	The girl shook off the request effortlessly and he noticed that , perceived it without understanding it .
tr	I	Reece was grateful , and the dining atmosphere remained mostly subdued after that .
tr	I	It betrayed her age but her voice was strong .
tr	O	The door opens , and I 'm asleep .
tr	O	No one was happy with the present predicament , but no one openly criticized the course of action .
tr	O	Their party only stopped once to change horses , and Rema didn 't speak a word to the prince for the rest of the day .
tr	I	I can 't tell them , and they don 't know any of the truth .
tr	I	He never spoke back but the driver tried to speak to Clyde .
tr	I	Other crops planted in their place and Tea plantations were being ripped out .
tr	O	She tried to teach me but it involved swallowing your conscious .
tr	I	Two teenage boys walked in and the nurse backed off .
tr	I	Everyone 's eyes fell on me and the entire room went completely silent .
tr	I	Moore stood holding it foolishly and the arm came off without resistance .
tr	I	Now , I 've ruined them and the lace trimmed sheets looked expensive .
tr	I	She was wearing a practical khaki pantsuit with a badge pinned to the lapel , and she was truly almost black .
tr	I	Strangely enough they were unable to push him , but the police officers tried to force him out .
tr	I	She groaned in protest , and he shook her gently .
tr	O	The waiter came by and Tony asked for a club soda .
tr	I	He couldn 't have been too tired to lock up , but he 'd been tired this morning .
tr	I	Samuels 's military record was impeccable , but Roy was well aware of that .
tr	O	I reached for his heart , his soul , his mind , but there was nothing to hold .
tr	O	I can finally breathe again and that 's all that matters .
tr	O	He knew that neither would shoot Ryan , or at least he hoped .
tr	O	Nicolas called out from the ground , having fallen backwards after a final tug on Tara 's arm and successfully pulling her out from under the demon .
tr	I	That power is as useless against fire as water is to a flood and Air is my element .
tr	I	The years have darkened my heart but I have tried to be strong .
tr	O	I may not like her , but Lil loves her .
tr	O	It sounded again , but this time I was able to identify it as human .
tr	I	It felt so different , yet Chapter 9 MONDAY WAS A day like any other .
tr	O	His tongue demanded entrance into her mouth , and she was ready for him , too .
tr	O	We flew down the mountain , and I got glimpses of the winding trail that we 'd first come up .
tr	O	Her name was Victoria , and she was his girlfriend .
tr	O	I beat Will home today , but I won 't be waiting at the window .
tr	I	They weren 't so modern , girlish in style than me and I was happy about these two friends who I had .
tr	O	She 's had a lot of work to do , but she 's fine .
tr	I	I kept a hand on the side of the house anyway , but the roof 's slope was gentle outside of Lia 's room .
tr	O	He couldn 't make his interview , but he was anxious to be home .
tr	I	He hung up the call and they bid each other farewell .
tr	O	He smiles , but the emotion doesn 't reach his eyes .
tr	I	What sounded like a body hitting the ground , and Claire heard something like a snarl behind them .
tr	O	I wipe the slime from my face with my sleeve and I can see the girl smiling at me while I do it .
tr	O	I 've been told my clothes catch the attention of the opposite sex but my money 's on the fact it 's my developing body .
tr	O	I felt the irritating rush of heat in my chest and I couldn 't understand how he could remain so calm .
tr	I	They shared a laugh and he looked at Devlin .
tr	O	An air of fragility surrounded her , and it had him biding his time .
tr	I	I sucked in a breath , and the back of his hand brushed against mine .
tr	O	I suppose it could have been only half an hour but it felt like about eight !
tr	I	Her throat hurt from screaming , and she was trembling violently .
tr	I	I barely looked at it as we stumbled into the bedroom , but Owen was , of course , staying in the penthouse suite .
tr	O	I looked over at Matt and he gave me a thumbs-up .
tr	I	It wasn 't , but I thought for sure rubbing down both horses after Cami left last night would 've been enough to work off some frustration .
tr	O	Turning around , his eyes are blank and he looks like he is in shock .
tr	I	She doesn 't , but I keep my hands positioned near her in case she attempts to stand .
tr	I	Serena scrambled to pick it up , pointing it at his chest , and the sword fell to the ground in a clang of steel .
tr	O	It was true : one urchin grin from Vic and he could have his pick of the room .
tr	I	He 's right , yet I hate admitting it .
tr	I	He gazed in amazement at the diverse life which filled that space , and he wasn 't often on duty in the small hours these days .
tr	I	There was something suspicious there , but aris returned his gaze forward .
tr	O	She then felt her body fall down to the ground and when she looked back the elk 's body was gone .
tr	O	Her left hand grabbed the blade and she pulled down with her right .
tr	I	He found himself staring into those dark pools of midnight velvet and her lashes lifted .
tr	I	She relaxed a little , breathing heavily and Colton put his hand on her shoulder .
tr	O	The stars glimmered brightly and the moon was full .
tr	I	He 'd been badly bitten , and Michael had been his hire .
tr	O	Benji didn 't see Hunter often , but he knew he had to see him to tell him he broke the ancient code of their coven .
tr	I	It felt good when the enemy fell in droves around us , and we fought as a unit , not as separate Hunters .
tr	O	Her kiss with Lucas had been ... hotter , but nothing about it had felt safe .
tr	I	Neil went in to talk to the Director and the inner door slid back .
tr	O	There are a million things covering him and he 's scared out of his mind .
tr	I	Then a small smile crossed her face , and Liam could see her thinking about it .
tr	O	Remnants of the Studebaker factories stood on the south side , adjacent to the downtown area , but the other factories had left long ago .
tr	O	Her eyes were red and her face was puffy .
tr	O	The operative had been taking an online class on how to read lips , and she hoped to put her newfound skills to use .
tr	O	If I 'd had any energy left in my body , I 'd probably be nervous , but this just felt right .
tr	I	Then your time will come , and someone 'll get in trouble soon .
tr	O	I know someone 's supposed to be there to help her , but the person 's missing .
tr	I	The rest of the soldiers stood still as statues , and each of Jules ' strides seemed to last for an eternity .
tr	I	This ship did meet all the minimum requirements of their insurance policy , but his ship had been newer with the latest technology the Borman clan had .
tr	O	Smoke was billowing from Keaton and terrified students were running across the lawn .
tr	O	It lodged near a bone and we did a clean extraction .
tr	I	The temperature in the room continued to rise and several moments passed .
tr	I	I swear I heard Leah swoon and Declan smirked at Clare 's request .
tr	O	Something occurs to me , and I open one eye .
tr	O	Eventually looking at Sawyer brought my emotions back to level and I smiled at her .
tr	O	Noah had a lot of juice and he was backing me for partner .
tr	O	The limo had pulled up outside his house a few minutes earlier and he held out his hand to her .
tr	O	Hex Hall shone under a fresh coat of paint , and the windows were repaired .
tr	O	Abigail had been rescued , and the baby was safe .
tr	I	Murmurs pierced the illusion of celluloid and the body 's in the seats shifted uncomfortably .
tr	I	There was a horrible pungent smell under the arms and the top was damp with sweat .
tr	O	The realization struck her hard and she rolled off him , turning away .
tr	I	Pull out of the driveway , and I smile , wave back .
tr	O	Sally was only supposed to be a conduit for the Dark Lord , but it was obvious she was able to call on some hefty magic .
tr	I	He was able to walk into the ambulance on his own and he could tell the person that got in the ambulance was a Deputy .
tr	O	Climbing onto her knees , she tried to get a better view , but the white mist was too thick , concealing the mystery beneath it .
tr	O	There were disgusting wads of hair around the skull , and tendons stretched like dead vines around the bigger bones .
tr	O	His words were gentle , yet it felt like he had slammed his fist into my gut .
tr	I	There was nowhere to go , but people ran for their lives .
tr	O	His face was wet with rain , and his slicker dripped onto the carpet .
tr	O	My box is over that way , and I told you I 'd come pick it up from now on .
tr	I	It was his eyes that were terrifying , but an aura of dangerous calm surrounded him .
tr	O	It was an issue I hadn 't given enough thought , but one that needed addressed .
tr	I	I looked up at her unblinking , and I felt Eden shaking my shoulder .
tr	O	I said , and he nodded .
tr	I	He wasn 't going to wait for reluctant cops to figure it out , and she was in danger .
tr	I	The town is at least a mile wide , and the narrow streets have been paved over with large flagstones .
tr	I	He did not step away this time and she stepped closer .
tr	O	He was gone , and he 'd stay gone .
tr	O	My head was swimming , but I didn 't care .
tr	I	He looked down , but holding his hand to my heart , I leaned in to kiss him .
tr	O	I knew it , and he knew it .
tr	I	He cuffed that one , too , and I put my right hand behind my back .
tr	O	She sat up again and her dirty face scrunched up like a used paper towel .
tr	I	He happily tosses them over to me and I ask politely .
tr	O	The boy may have the Sight , but our lady is not interested in humans .
tr	O	I don 't really want to confide in him anymore , but he already knows more than anyone else because of our moonlit talk .
tr	I	Their personalities are their own but physically they resemble their father .
tr	O	One of them is holding a bucket , but I don 't need to use it .
tr	O	I had so many sleepless nights wondering what he had written on those pages , and I was finally going to take the leap .
tr	O	Let me make love to you and you 'll see we belong together .
tr	I	She didn 't want him to think she 'd jumped into something with Tucker , but things might be over between them .
tr	I	She rubbed my back in circles , and I counted each breath she took .
tr	I	I may be able to spin that to our benefit ... but if they had a strong reason to free you , it would accelerate the trial .
tr	O	His injured ankle wasn 't getting any better , and his good leg was growing ever more fatigued .
tr	O	Nora reaches for me , and I tense .
tr	I	I do , but I don 't know why I speak up to comfort him .
tr	O	He tried to roll her beneath him , but she wouldn 't give him that view .
tr	O	I felt like I was wrapped up in a big bear hug , but most of all I felt safe .
tr	I	Peering through the shadows , I could see beyond the sunroom into the kitchen , but no lights were on .
tr	I	I could feel the weight of that still hanging between us , and it wasn 't important to me .
tr	O	Terrible things are locked inside me , and I 'm afraid to let them out .
tr	O	If they had a problem , they came to him and it was fixed .
tr	I	He studied his son 's face , and his father 's brows went up .
tr	I	Della couldn 't hear Burnett anymore and Shawn walked off .
tr	I	It was fast putting a strain on their relationship , and Bruce did , too .
tr	I	He came running back to my door , and I 'd made sure he saw me with another guy .
tr	I	Mia remembered a lot of the patient classifications and they had a major malfunction with the records .
tr	I	He wasn 't splattered on the pavement , but he wasn 't out of the woods .
tr	I	She wouldn 't stand up to him but she loved me .
tr	O	There were few things she worried about in her life , and the cat she had left behind was one of them .
tr	I	The minute hand was broken , and the clock was barely ticking .
tr	O	They didn 't think they 'd need the boat again , but one never knew .
tr	O	He was , after all , an angel , and angels were forbidden to interfere in the affairs of mortals .
tr	O	She pulled hard , and the chain snapped .
tr	O	They still call her Seven , but everyone else calls her Six .
tr	I	I really hoped I would see him today , but I hadn 't seen the Devourer in weeks .
tr	O	Devon glanced through the glass at her best friend , and a sob escaped her throat when she saw her .
tr	O	Before they had known it , dusk was falling outside the chapel windows , and Spirit had found her lodgings .
tr	I	His fingers are soft , but his grip is firm .
tr	I	His eyebrows were black , but he had white hair like an albino .
tr	O	She blinked very slowly at him and they continued .
tr	I	She seemed to enjoy using it , yet Artemis could never keep track of colloquial slang .
tr	I	Everybody stayed where they were , and the dogs suddenly went quiet , as if on orders .
tr	I	Every morning she joined the long line of parents dropping off their kids at the grade school , and she insisted on driving Jazmine to school .
tr	O	He was upset , and they were leaving .
tr	I	He suddenly looked older than he should have , and Joseph 's eyes went back to the map .
tr	I	Nick blinked at her and she nodded .
tr	O	Margaret 's previous car was well past repairing , and she was excited about buying a brand-new vehicle .
tr	I	The workers are migrant so I doubt they would get involved but as far as I could see he has two bodyguards there .
tr	O	He took her hand and she tried to stand on the skates .
tr	I	I wasn 't , but I should have been cold .
tr	O	The curtains were delicate lace , and colorful artwork adorned the walls .
tr	I	I could see her face more clearly , and the window covering shifted .
tr	I	Your well-being , desire your happiness above all else , will use all my resources to insure that end and I 'm completely devoted to you .
tr	O	The movement was so sudden the servants almost missed it , but they never would have seen the green pattern he snapped between his fingers .
tr	O	Three guards were not far away and his nurses were close .
tr	O	She tried to remember how she got here , but there was nothing .
tr	O	Security was tight and their names were checked against a guest list provided by Bill Martin .
tr	O	It was a good song , and it was his song .
tr	I	Both the detectives leave and I raise my eyebrows .
tr	I	The longing in his voice made me feel like a voyeur , but I wanted to hear who she was , who made him sound like that .
tr	I	Mine begin mimicking his and his eyes start to tear up .
tr	I	He gives me a pound and I hold up my fist .
tr	O	She was getting up to follow her but Suave was already through the door .
tr	I	A perfect fit and Everything was pressed .
tr	O	The Grand Administrator doesn 't favor the measure , and it sounds like the people echo her misgivings .
tr	I	He stopped her by pressing his finger against her lips , but she started to talk .
tr	O	He 'd do that for her , and yet he didn 't love her ?
tr	I	His arms went round her , pressing her against his chest and she knew she was doing something right when he moaned again .
tr	I	A round lump lay at his feet and a man stood inside the center of the star .
tr	I	It hadn 't worked , had it and that had been her parents ' approach ?
tr	O	I walked into my bedroom to make sure that everything was in its place and it looked perfect .
tr	O	The strong took from the weak , and even blacksmiths were not safe .
tr	O	The reason for her brother 's sudden interruption nagged at her , but she kept silent .
tr	O	My heart squeezed painfully and I ran my hands through my hair .
tr	I	His men came crashing out of the bushes and he commanded haughtily as he .
tr	I	She is going to the national beauty content tomorrow , and she succeeds to make peace with her friend !
tr	O	She smiled , looking at Maddie in my arms , as she placed her own hand over mine and we begin to stroke Maddie 's hair together .
tr	O	There 's only one left but it 'll have to do .
tr	I	That would probably demoralize Bubba , but I could jack up the price a little bit .
tr	O	Nightingale knew nothing about art , but he knew what he liked .
tr	O	She leaned against him and he wrapped his arms around her .
tr	I	The sound warms me despite my determination to keep myself hardened against him , and he laughs .
tr	I	The words wouldn 't come , but you 're ... Sho ... ' stuttered Billy .
tr	O	His lips were twitching , as if it hurt him to smile but he couldn 't stop the movement .
tr	O	A loud volley of cover fire began and David urged Noelle forward with his body .
tr	O	He held a heavy burden in his eyes and his face had begun to darken with stubble .
tr	O	Her voice had been muffled behind the mask , but even when she hadn 't been facing me , I 'd understood her .
tr	I	Then my future was already secure with the Cardinals , but I certainly didn 't want to be a farmer .
tr	I	The other knee was bent , jammed against the lip of the hatch , but he got one of Beth 's legs into the hatch .
tr	I	She dodged him , sending him back to the same spot empty-handed , but he traced to her , determined to take her from this place .
tr	I	The lights fade from the controls and the screens die with a whirr .
tr	I	It ended the conversation on a polite note , but as she expected , his response was noncommittal .
tr	I	Our house 's got paint on it , but you ain 't gon na believe this , boy .
tr	I	The urgent demands were becoming more difficult to ignore , even with his centuries of discipline , and his body was unrelenting in its need of hers .
tr	I	I quickly folded it down and the collar of my blouse had been turned upwards .
tr	O	I jerk my eyes open and she 's standing on the other side of Lake 's bed .
tr	I	They always have the terrain , and they always have the numbers .
tr	I	I bite my tongue , and it makes my jaw ache .
tr	I	I learned something from them but I know you flip me shit about my other husbands .
tr	O	He wasn 't good enough , and now they would all die .
tr	O	It is one of the hardest things I have ever had to do but she 's my Eternal mate .
tr	I	He temporarily let go of Justin to brace himself so he wouldn 't fall and he almost fell to the ground .
tr	O	That might not seem like a lot compared to all of humanity , but it 's still a needle in a haystack .
tr	O	He parked out of sight , around the corner , but he didn 't want to leave her lying there .
tr	I	The two started towards the house leading the pack , and Cobble wasn 't about to argue on that one .
tr	O	The ground around me wasn 't warm anymore , and my feet were cold .
tr	O	His eyes are cast in shadow beneath the brim of his cap , but I remember the pure green color of them .
tr	I	It made him uneasy and it was as if something was moving beneath his skin .
tr	O	Eric would help the Shifter females , but Cassidy felt responsibility for them too .
tr	I	The warmth from her body beckoned to him , and the scent of her hair curled through his nose .
tr	O	She was still herself , but she felt distant -- unattached .
tr	O	There was a knock at the door , and a young assistant popped her head in .
tr	I	When sensitive issues came to the table the forum was temporarily deadlocked , and the interwoven communications were only slightly demarcated by declarations given by the moderator .
tr	O	Marcus pulled back , and I swore his eyes were shiny .
tr	I	His voice came more quickly , and then he sat up straighter .
tr	I	He said so , and the coaches looked normal enough to Vimes .
tr	I	You don 't survive for long and you act the way you want him to where he 's from .
tr	I	I 'm still not completely convinced , but Mason talked me out of the idea .
tr	I	He continued his movements , and I nodded my head , unable to talk .
tr	O	I know my mouth is hanging open as I watch him take a seat next to me on the step , but I don 't care .
tr	I	Her eyes are the colour of seaweed , and she has golden hair , like honey .
tr	I	Danny simply nodded in the direction of Raphael 's stare , but he turned back .
tr	O	Eric was going to approach his girlfriend , but for Greta 's sake he decided to linger a little .
tr	I	I can tell she liked the compliment , but Rachel lowers her head .
tr	I	The rest made no sense , but a particularly resistant person could make it difficult for a spirit user to form a dream connection .
tr	O	Everyone packed up to leave and we booked our flights home .
tr	O	He stepped away and I saw Ashley standing between the two stone-faced goons .
tr	I	It 's you , Stefan , and I know who I hate most now .
tr	O	His eyes widened when he saw me enter , but otherwise he remained still .
tr	I	You are still a predator , but you are light to my darkness .
tr	I	Loyalty to me does weigh in his decisions , but he is primarily loyal to the needs of his town .
tr	I	Even though her mind was storming with questions , she asked none before hanging up , and she listened for less than twenty seconds .
tr	O	It was a husband 's right to make love to his wife and no one would condemn him for it .
tr	I	I along with it , and it would be erased .
tr	I	It wasn 't a one-man show , but okay , so that emphasis wasn 't exactly subtle .
tr	O	I open up her door for her and she crawls into the red Mazda XIII .
tr	I	My blood pressure rise as I do everything in my power not to explode right now and I can feel my heart start to beat faster .
tr	O	She tipped back her head , but she couldn 't see his features in the inky room .
tr	I	They would see us the moment we came down , but we had the high ground .
tr	O	Maybe Megan could teach her to go through the walls , too , and they could all escape together .
tr	I	That 's to do something terrible before we die , and there 's only one reason to tie us up .
tr	O	Benton began to move , and his eyes flickered open .
tr	O	He may have fled into the wilderness , but I suspect he went to the mine .
tr	I	The launch was a little bit more enjoyable , despite my fear of crashing and luckily everything settled down a bit .
tr	I	Tatiana Landon had just done it inside of five minutes , but very few people had ever made Ian speechless .
tr	I	His phone was off , but I called him before I left the house this morning .
tr	I	She felt it in his loss of rhythm , and he was close then .
tr	O	I was demanding , almost desperate , but she didn 't seem to mind .
tr	I	In death they did not look so different , and another young man lay dead beside him , one of the Circle .
tr	O	The monster was still on board , and it was going for his friends .
tr	O	He said the word out loud , but I was thinking the same thing .
tr	O	I say what 's on my mind at the expense of grown-ups , but I respect the little people .
tr	I	The window is frosted and the fire has died .
tr	I	It clung to it like bony claws , thin probing fingers worming through the soil and it rose from the ground like smoke .
tr	I	I am now involved in events beyond my hopes to fully know , and my heart is unsettled .
tr	I	I met her gaze squarely , but I thought that sounded ominous .
tr	O	Mitchell had his arms around William 's wife , and Caroline 's cheek was pressed against his chest , a handkerchief clutched in her hand .
tr	I	I was only making matters worse , but that 's what I was trying to tell you when I called .
tr	I	I 'd already learned that with Sebastian , the specifics were often important , but it seemed like an odd request .
tr	I	I suggested water instead , but she had wanted some wine .
tr	O	Keep playing along ... or you 're next .
tr	O	Franz noticed Caitlin was still wearing black , but her face wasn 't veiled like yesterday .
tr	I	The eunuchs lounged around on the polished floor talking idly , and the Serpent Queen wasn 't there .
tr	I	I was a part of the world that the mystic evading prosecution knew ... and I had known other stray mystics .
tr	O	I 'd remind him , but I 'm not in the mood to feed his psychosis any more than necessary .
tr	I	There was no turning back and she was lost , over the crest of the hill .
tr	O	Her shift would be over and I wanted to hold her .
tr	I	I heard the final whack that flew bits of brains all over me , but I didn 't want to see .
tr	I	She didn 't go down , but as the air hissed out of her lungs .
tr	O	William didn 't realize it , but she knew that he needed her .
tr	O	He was lying down on the couch and there were tears streaming out of his eyes .
tr	I	Finally Shim agreed to let us take only that step -- for now , but it took a lot more arguing on my part .
tr	I	It was good Preston had made a friend out of Adam , but I wanted to roll my eyes a little .
tr	I	Next to her was Mandi and I couldn 't believe it .
tr	O	I usually don 't read the sports pages , but I did read the articles under your by-line .
tr	O	I waited for Jared to offer an answer , but he stood speechless .
tr	O	His career came first and Doctor Julie Cooper would be no exception .
tr	O	I 'm a good employee , and I can work any shift .
tr	I	Chancey realized he 'd somehow revealed that this conversation was about to change course , and suddenly Sutherland got that cold look on his face again .
tr	I	She was still close enough to get a look inside the box , but maximus caught Gretchen 's arm before she reached me .
tr	O	She had no idea how the trapped currents appeared to Riley , but she knew that they were affecting him .
tr	I	She resumed the struggle against her bonds , and Julie tried to calm her breathing .
tr	I	Only the barest current flickered into him , but I poked him with my right hand .
tr	O	He shifted the rock into his right hand , and his left hand reached up to my face .
tr	O	The sound of Mark clearing his throat brought me back down to earth , and I pulled away , blushing furiously .
tr	I	Melanie picked it up just as fast as it had fallen , and a tinkling of something metal hit the pavement beneath the car .
tr	O	Let 's have some fun first , and then we 'll let ya go .
tr	O	He winked cheekily at me , and I thought for a moment .
tr	I	It was obviously nothing good , but I wasn 't exactly sure what my father had done to them .
tr	O	Taking up residence there was the best way to ensure her safety but she planned on figuring out a way to live on her own .
tr	O	Claire could no longer struggle as much as earlier and within minutes she was as limp as a rag doll .
tr	O	Nicole 's smile grew wider , and her hand moved down to the insignia pin .
tr	I	Her eyes were hazel and her skin was a creamy ivory color .
tr	I	There were too many unanswered questions , but there was something about the look in his eyes that made me want to trust him .
tr	I	He 'd have thrown it out in an instant or he 'd had no idea what it was for .
tr	O	She has her times of struggle , and when she does , she shrinks away from contact .
tr	O	There were still five escapees on the ship , but that didn 't sit well .
tr	I	Thankfully the protests were not carrying very far , but anyone happening by would hear the faint commotion .
tr	I	He yanked one panel of my sarong aside and his hand went between us .
tr	I	Both worked hard at it , but Conversation wasn 't easy .
tr	I	He stared at it for a while , his emotions playing out across his face and Jeremy 's mouth dropped .
tr	I	He cocked his head a bit and Jared 's brows pul ed in .
tr	I	That was OK because I was going to solve this on my own , but I knew he wouldn 't tell me a thing .
tr	I	She wouldn 't listen but we had many arguments about it .
tr	I	She was losing and she was fighting it .
tr	O	His house was the church and the church was on fire .
tr	O	I didn 't know what he was looking for , but I wanted to know the second he found it .
tr	O	Her life was confined to the house and wherever Kenneth wanted to leave her .
tr	O	All he needed to do was inch down his pants and he would be inside her slick damp heat .
tr	O	The group had a bit of trouble in finding the path , but they found it .
tr	O	I 'm about to tell him it 's not my back , but I stop .
tr	O	I should have told her when I moved to Iceland , but I never did .
tr	I	While he no longer uses a cane , he has a slight limp , and his eye is a hundred percent now .
tr	O	I have a sister , Evangeline , but she grew up with my Mom .
tr	I	A man stepped through and the door opened again .
tr	O	Yes , there was curiosity there , but there was also something else .
tr	I	It would need a good washing and some had splashed into her hair .
tr	O	He seemed to like pinning her down , but she didn 't care .
tr	I	For several seconds , we both just stood there , and Sydney slammed the door shut behind him .
tr	I	It sickened him , and he 'd learned so fast , the best ways to kill these things .
tr	I	I see that she is Tris , and the woman turns her face toward the light .
tr	I	Hurried back up the steps , nearly bolting through the open door and Melissa turned .
tr	O	Seemed logical enough , except the Council presiding over our Alliance wasn 't being logical about William and me being together .
tr	O	Rory wanted to help , but she couldn 't move .
tr	I	I tipped them generously , and they offered to carry my luggage , which I allowed two of them to do , to a waiting tourist bus .
tr	O	Her Dad was still cleaning car parts when she returned and her Mother was sat in a deckchair reading a paper .
tr	I	The stuff they sold now never left your system , but once upon a time , people could quit drugs .
tr	O	Wally 's television camera had been set up on a tripod , and Benn was waiting for confirmation from Washington that the satellite signal was good .
tr	I	Mac didn 't see anything unusual , but she rolled up her pant leg .
tr	O	The forest was preparing for nightfall and the birds were returning to their roosts .
tr	O	The four of us made sure that there was nobody living there , and we hung around in the police car until dusk .
tr	O	There is great glory in this noble quest , and bards will be singing your name !
tr	I	His eyes never left her , but he wasn 't seeing her .
tr	O	My carry-on bag has wheels and I roll it into the vault .
tr	I	He was bleeding , little trickles of black blood painting dark circles on the ground , and several of his rust coloured scales had broken off .
tr	I	Even they have mostly cleared out , but most of the city was built on the backs of the dwarves .
tr	O	Della saw all the vamps reach down for their own knives , and in a flash , they charged .
tr	I	I was enjoying making him work for it a little bit , but I wanted more than anything to say room service .
tr	O	Currently they were off , but it had not been for very long .
tr	O	His hand slid out of my shirt , and I shivered , my skin mourning the loss .
tr	O	I turned around and she licked her lips .
tr	I	Her head was still pounding and her skin was painfully pale .
tr	I	Kevin didn 't bother correcting her , but Neil slid Kevin a sideways look .
tr	I	I was shocked to the core , but his presence was comforting .
tr	O	She 'd gone home , after being gone all night and her father had been spitting he was so angry with her .
tr	O	The void slows time as best it can , but it is not nearly enough to save them both .
tr	O	Electricity jolted through my body , but before I could respond , the waiter brought our food .
tr	O	I ask and he nods his head once .
tr	O	I hadn 't been to see the Eiffel Tower yet and it was only fifteen minutes away from the apartment .
tr	O	His potion pouch tumbled from unfeeling hands and he fell hard to the study floor .
tr	O	The light stabbed at Tavi 's eyes , and he lifted his hand to shield them against it .
tr	I	He saw it , and I still flinched .
tr	O	She had not expected the war to end so soon , and the messenger 's timing could not have been more perfect .
tr	I	She couldn 't really figure it out , but he was trying to tell her something .
tr	I	The others followed in the car behind him , and the driver was comfortably shut away behind glass .
tr	O	It was slight but it was there .
tr	O	The first torch ignited immediately , and I proceeded to light the rest as I made my way toward the bottom .
tr	O	His head hurt and he saw large brown circles in front of his ' eyes .
tr	I	He didn 't want me sponging off him anymore and Said I was useless .
tr	O	It won 't kill a person but it will fire an electric shock that can temporarily incapacitate someone .
tr	I	He realized he had laid his ears flat back in a threatening expression , and she patted his head several times during the day .
tr	I	He held himself together , but his lips twitched .
tr	I	Cain wasn 't sure he could change with them , and things were changing .
tr	I	It made him sad , and he could see far-off fell tops through the blue sheen of protection .
tr	I	I knew I 'd have to have a new pair soon ; another item for my already tight budget , and they were looking very shabby .
tr	O	Sure , it was a great victory , but no matter how you sliced it , Izzy was still in danger .
tr	O	I couldn 't argue with him and it was starting to get old .
tr	O	The technique is great for measuring DNA lengths and that goes pretty far toward DNA segment identification .
tr	O	A hand rested on my shoulder and I turned slowly around to face Leif .
tr	I	She was very close to doing just that , and he had to keep her from slipping away .
tr	I	The end reward would be infinitely greater , but he 'd have to play his cards more carefully with Tamara .
tr	I	Spider helped her pull him up and Clementine snagged his belt the second time .
tr	O	Jackson 's lips were bared in a snarl , and as I watched , he stared down Len .
tr	I	It stirred up the fondest memories in Garcia 's head and she wore the Chanel on all of their special occasions .
tr	O	Stellan didn 't say a word as Mrs. Fisher carried on though his jaw clenched tight , and his eyes stared daggers .
tr	I	By the time I finally decide to move , he 's walking toward me , but I 'm tempted to go take a closer look .
tr	O	Where there is life , there is hope , but there is also conflict .
tr	I	James doesn 't move , but my eyes well up .
tr	I	Still making sure I had everything prepared , but I felt the vest , knowing it was there .
tr	O	His mind spun out , and he cleared his throat .
tr	O	He had heard tales of the alchemist and up until then he was the enemy that they were pursuing .
tr	O	I didn 't know , but I had to help him end this gruesome experiment .
tr	O	At one time our people shifted into crows but over time we became more of a hybrid .
tr	O	She opened the door to leave the room , and there stood Peter .
tr	I	I joined him a few years ago , and Gregori has done much research on this .
tr	I	Leopards hadn 't made it to the top of the wildcat pyramid because of size , but the wolf was bigger , almost twice Jace 's bulk .
tr	I	I floored my jeep , and the light turned green .
tr	I	He gave her a small smile and Olivia turned to look at him .
tr	O	Sylvia Myerson was a social whirlwind , and one was never quite sure just where she 'd set down .
tr	O	Her hair was pulled into a dank ponytail , and there were bags of exhaustion beneath her eyes .
tr	O	Liz concentrated hard , attempting to ask what he needed , but Simon had mastered blocking her out when he didn 't want her in .
tr	I	Mary hugged her tight , and Paola burst into tears .
tr	O	In the following weeks the girls practiced and Zoey became almost as good as her sister with future prediction .
tr	O	Olivia 's fins Connie would have understood , but it was a little off-putting for Olivia 's human torso to be as cold as a corpse .
tr	O	Harris grabbed one of her shapely legs and she pretended to fall back in the pool .
tr	I	It was not attached to the other but there was a cord around one leg .
tr	O	One side of Weston 's mouth turned up , and then his mouth stretched into a full-blown grin .
tr	I	Dark murky clouds hung low in the sky , and hundreds of ravens circled in the gloomy haze above the towers .
tr	I	It is too late but I turn the wheel .
tr	I	One seemed to follow the other , knowing where they would try to strike next and they were graceful in their movements .
tr	O	Bathory snapped her fingers , and the wolf abandoned Nate .
tr	O	Everything was fine and they lived happily in a small Polish town right on the border .
tr	O	His movements rocked me , but I refused to scream .
tr	O	Her fingers flew over the keys and she soon had what she wanted .
tr	I	We 're all slaves in a way , but yeah I was a slave to Hawk .
tr	O	He took the words out of my mouth , but Chet didn 't wait for me to ask .
tr	I	They have a house in the neighbouring city but Uncle Tommy practically lives here for his wife .
tr	I	The warning in his eyes bore some weight in her decision , but normally she wouldn 't even pause to think .
tr	I	There are no pieces missing , and it fits perfectly .
tr	O	Jess went to the bar , and Kim sank down into the seat opposite .
tr	I	He rolled his eyes at me , and I meant the last part to be said flippantly .
tr	O	The Slayers already knew too much , and they were not easy to kill .
tr	O	He fixed his blue eyes on her , his lips ready with a retort , but he saw the sincerity on her face .
tr	I	Before I could press call the door from outside flew open but I pressed 911 into my phone .
tr	I	Most of it had been aimed at himself and he had been uncharacteristically negative the last month .
tr	O	Of course she 'd been seventeen when she 'd fallen for him and ten years later , she didn 't know him at all .
tr	I	Some of the happiness that comes from drinking too fast begins to fade , replaced with a faint sense of shame , and my head spins .
tr	O	The overhead heaters keep me warm , but the alcohol keeps my brothers warmer .
tr	I	With all this secrecy , I was dying to find out , but I had no idea what their costumes were going to be .
tr	O	She deserved the same level of trust from him , and he 'd failed her .
tr	I	Their conversation sounded far away , but she could hear people talking .
tr	I	They began to walk down a narrow passageway , and Levi led them around a corner .
tr	I	Amanda grabbed his arm , but Nick started out after him .
tr	O	Susan scowled as she heard a voice answer him , but she couldn 't make out any of the words .
tr	O	From there we were divided in to practice teams and team leaders were chosen from the seniors .
tr	O	You 've been blaming yourself all day and I 've had enough .
tr	I	She didn 't say anything but she could see the deeper lines of pain that had formed around her friend 's mouth .
tr	O	They looked a little confused when they saw the two suspects with their hands on top of their heads , and they weren 't the only ones .
tr	I	I notice the lack of stars in the sky , and the sun has set a few hours ago .
tr	O	The phone rang four times , and Bob swore that each ring lasted ten seconds longer than the one before .
tr	I	It was a matter of survival , but there was a sense of adventure as well as fear mixed together .
tr	O	Her hands weren 't on her hips , but the look in her eyes said they could land there any moment .
tr	I	She saw the gunman at the same time as he did , but Chad reached forward to push Bree back to the ground .
tr	O	Jenkins was suddenly alert and leaning into the phone .
tr	I	Dr. Rhodes had the most beautiful blue eyes , but I didn 't notice it the day before .
tr	O	The guard growled , but Tam was unfazed .
tr	O	She pushed against his chest and he could tell she was mortified by what they 'd been doing .
tr	O	It all happened so fast , and I never got a good look at his face .
tr	I	He didn 't want it , but a spot within the low stone enclosure waited for him .
tr	I	Everyone began to move to their assigned seats , and the head server announced dinner .
tr	I	Even my stomach is saying it needs something , and I was the one who threw up at the site .
tr	I	Isobel pulled in a deep breath but Julian tipped up his chin again .
tr	I	He now had to brave it out , and I think the words had slipped out of Henry 's unguarded mind .
tr	O	I was a little nervous that something would be wrong with me , and changing wouldn 't be possible .
tr	I	No one was there , but it looked as though someone was dribbling a phosphorescent ping-pong ball against the wall .
tr	I	A big man appeared and the front door opened .
tr	O	It took us 48 days to cross the Atlantic , and I shall never forget them !
tr	I	I sure wasn 't going to bother wasting my time taking her for a walk on the beach afterwards , and she had no information .
tr	O	The smile disappeared and his gaze hardened .
tr	I	We weren 't yet close enough for me to tell , but I wasn 't sure if there were windows .
tr	I	She hoped he 'd continue to do so , and James played a huge part in her life .
tr	O	He hadn 't reloaded , but it didn 't matter .
tr	O	It shouldn 't have , but it did .
tr	O	You showed me part of the truth when you threw me over , but this tiny boy made me face myself .
tr	I	It dawned on me that if he kept this up , I wouldn 't recognize him without it , and he was still wearing the Hawaiian hat .
tr	O	It hurt to think it , but I assumed he wanted to study me .
tr	O	She wrote about losing her virginity , but to my absolute surprise , it wasn 't with Weston .
tr	O	The men passed down the street , and he sprang from his hiding place .
tr	I	He 's an instigator and Pat is our first baseman for the Bulldogs .
tr	I	With a cool breeze in the air it had a cooling effect on the burning wound but Delilah expected his saliva to be warm .
tr	O	He felt her body tense but she didn 't pull away .
tr	I	Whispers of words surround me and I turn to face him .
tr	O	Jared handed the paper to me , and I recoiled at the misshapen beast .
tr	O	Several of them ended up on Kiran 's desk , and I observed his smug smirk after he read each of them .
tr	I	He wanted to be like God or this angel wanted to be God .
tr	O	Brother Enoch swung the door open , and she walked inside , flinching a little as the heavy door crashed to behind her .
tr	I	He 's basically a loner , but I think he likes me .
tr	O	I did so without hesitation , and he sifted his fingers through my hair .
tr	O	He actually looked right at her , but she knew she was invisible to him .
tr	O	He was silent after that , staring straight ahead , and then the tense muscles of his face slowly relaxed .
tr	O	First get them to see her , and then she could make them listen !
tr	I	She wasn 't the only schoolgirl sporting exotic hair colours but I thought Alexa would stand out with her dyed red hair .
tr	O	Not that she knew me back then , but I could see how she 'd find that funny .
tr	I	He angled my face for deeper contact , and his hands tangled in my hair .
tr	I	My cynical side was just fine , thanks , but the rest of me might be walking wounded .
tr	I	Now it was too late to stop it , and he 'd let it go too far .
tr	I	All I could see were hundreds upon hundreds of darkened trees , and the highway was gone .
tr	I	Some of them lead here and there are doors between worlds .
tr	I	Ethan wasn 't as completely sure of them as he was of Bartholomew , but the other Spiritual Guides stood behind him , too .
tr	I	Ethan didn 't know that , but maybe she wasn 't really married to Nate .
tr	I	The others fall in behind him , and one of them strides toward us .
tr	I	Antonietta obediently scratched his silky ears , and Celt pushed his nose into her palm .
tr	O	We 'll brief you as much as we can , but for the most part you 're on your own .
tr	O	She knew the words by heart , of course , and right now she heard them ringing in her mind .
tr	I	It got really cold and the sky turned dark .
tr	I	They were filled with the promise of death ... and they literally swirled with a hazy silver color .
tr	I	There were more here than that , but I 'd been expecting to see the three missing Australians , as well as the seventeen from the UK .
tr	O	I can show you evidence , but that will have to come later .
tr	O	He knew he was yelling into the phone , but he didn 't care .
tr	O	Every part of him fought to keep his mouth shut , but he couldn 't help it .
tr	I	His heart raced , but the breath stalled in his lungs .
tr	O	She wanted so to talk to Ancient Evelyn , but Ancient Evelyn was still recovering from the stroke .
tr	I	Fenrir growled even louder , and Sylvia whispered to me .
tr	O	She 'd known him for fifteen years and still she didn 't understand what happened four years ago .
tr	O	Hudson 's lips crushed into mine , and I felt the tip of his tongue touching my lips .
tr	O	I stared , surprised by the appearance of her tongue and she cackled with laughter .
tr	I	Still another racking sob escaped Mairi , but thanks to Drake 's letter , she knew now that - She inhaled deeply .
tr	O	He was angry that Billy had been so reckless , but he was also angry that we didn 't file a police report .
tr	O	I like the analogy but I disagree with you .
tr	O	The coffee finished and my stomach grumbled .
tr	O	I wanted more than anything to lie beside him tonight , but I couldn 't .
tr	I	My face hurt too much , but I tried to eat .
tr	I	I went with them , looking at the depressing wasteland and visions of hell flashed in my head .
tr	I	I was suddenly grateful my grandfather was also the principal of this school and Kiran was nowhere to be seen .
tr	O	He could still feel her aura hanging around the room , but it was weakening quickly .
tr	O	She felt as if she had recently been in a life-or-death situation and the horrible part was that she didn 't make it .
tr	O	He meowed again , ending with a touch of howl , but the person who opened his windows did not wake up .
tr	I	It would have to wait until morning , but she had to find a new hobby .
tr	O	My silence proved his point and he knew it .
tr	O	Micah said something to her but she walked right by him .
tr	I	If she 's really as great as you say she is , it 's worth it , but it might be hard .
tr	O	That need called to me , and I had to answer it .
tr	I	It could get her friend in trouble with Cain , but she had half a mind to take Anna to the caves .
tr	O	My stomach had gotten over whatever had affected me and my head was clear .
tr	O	It hadn 't been sorted yet , and there were a few dozen pages addressed to various people .
tr	O	The rejection cut bone deep , and he wasn 't sure why .
tr	I	She 's really great and she 's from California .
tr	O	We made love a second time , and when Savannah finally fell asleep , I found myself staring at her .
tr	I	I revved up the engine , and we all took our seats in the truck .
tr	I	He would lay waste to everything and he was the god of war .
tr	I	I 'm hoping this one will have your eyes and I have never had a baby before .
tr	I	Then I remember I 'm wearing a stupid hat , but I try to push a hand through my hair .
tr	O	When he pulled away , she was breathless and her lips were swollen .
tr	O	Kane trotted over , his tail high , but he must have immediately sensed the black pall around his partner .
tr	O	They went up two floors but it seemed endless at first .
tr	I	I didn 't bother to hide my grin , and it was a gratifying sight .
tr	I	She was past the point of cooling down and he 'd been sending those sizzling glances her way for three hours .
tr	O	Paying him off might solve the problem , but she wasn 't convinced Troy could be trusted .
tr	I	Grace fell back a step , and Josh pushed to his feet .
tr	O	She was incredibly weak , and he despised weakness .
tr	O	It seemed kind of weird that this kid that I didn 't know randomly asked my name , but I gave it to him anyway .
tr	I	The other seemed to be afraid , and one was doing a lot of talking .
tr	O	He sounded exasperated , and I grinned .
tr	O	He could simply trace to the lodge , but she might be out , anywhere within that vast forest .
tr	O	It got a bit overwhelming , but suddenly I heard my name from behind me .
tr	I	He was disappointed it was a closed casket , but Dave wasn 't sure why .
tr	I	The logs seem to be coming faster at me than I hit it , yet the motion of slowness does not come this time .
tr	O	Do not come near or I 'll shoot her .
tr	I	I slid back in and as if he were reading my mind , Weir changed the RV 's gears .
tr	I	It was important , and there was something she still hadn 't said to him .
tr	I	Our relationship had been my only experience of a red-hot romance , and I 'd dated Arthur for months after the investigation was over .
tr	I	Each night she was treated to the brooding masterpiece that was his music and she watched Gage perform .
tr	O	The muscles in the rebel 's jaw beat and his teeth trembled rabidly .
tr	I	I played the messages , and the phone was blinking red .
tr	O	A leg between my thighs pulled me higher and I ground my hips , rubbing myself against the rock hard thigh .
tr	I	He drives through and a gate lifts .
tr	O	We love him so much , and you have no idea how frightened we are for him .
tr	I	He decided he 'd best back off , and Fire danced in her eyes .
tr	I	Cyd was there and I went backstage to his dressing room to congratulate him .
tr	O	Burns needed to sign these last papers , and the transfers to Baltimore would be final .
tr	O	Mat knew his new friend 's name and he knew how to use the internet .
tr	I	She had too many questions to linger , but her mind reeled .
tr	O	Alex emerged from under two tacklers with the ball , but the referee 's didn 't signal anything .
tr	O	There were no lines on his face and his skin did not tan .
tr	O	Introductions were made and Robert led them to the conference room .
tr	O	Emelia 's whole body went icy and she turned in terror .
tr	I	The rain blew in sideways and wind dragged hair across her face .
tr	O	I have hunted a lot of monsters in my day and one thing was always the same , in the end I always won .
tr	O	He leaned forward with a sweat soaked shirt but the air conditioned temperature was far from hot .
tr	I	Not having enough money and going to buy something !
tr	I	Like the first two , this one has been emptied as well , and this is the third bank -- third bank that I 've been .
tr	I	His silver white hair almost blended in with the white haze , and his nearly blue eyes stared straight ahead .
tr	O	Adrenaline started to course through my veins and I knew that my end was here .
tr	I	She knew that and she had touched a nerve there .
tr	O	It sounded as if she directed the question at Charles , but it was really rhetorical as she reached for the gift wrapped binoculars .
tr	I	I would never be able to forgive myself or I had to tell him how I felt .
tr	I	There they remained , motionless , and the explosion knocked all three crewmembers on the deck to their backs .
tr	O	The tension in the room is getting thick , and I 'm beginning to worry it might suffocate me .
tr	O	Her head fel forward onto his shoulder and he rested his chin on her hair .
tr	I	I craved the freedom that the woods gave me and it had been a long , tiring day .
tr	I	The third was poured for Michael , and the second was poured for Amber .
tr	O	The ground levelled and after an hour , they found themselves beside another stream .
tr	O	Aly clung to me , and I held her up , refusing to let her fall .
tr	O	All of the CIA messages came from one person , Robert Swanson , and they started a couple months ago .
tr	O	The apartment door opened and Dean greeted the host .
tr	O	I sling my pack over my shoulder , and the three of us begin to walk .
tr	O	I wasn 't exactly sure whose responsibility it was before , but it was now part of Uncle Albert 's sprawling mass .
tr	I	He wouldn 't accept , and he wouldn 't understand .
tr	O	His arms gripped me from behind and his lips closed in on my ear .
tr	I	Grateful to know Mr. Worthington was all right - but I was surely unhappy to hear that Mr. Lucas was hurt .
tr	O	It slowed down just as it passed under a streetlight and I saw him .
tr	I	Once it gets dark , I will have been here for more than twenty-four hours , and 11 Ira It is now Sunday afternoon .
tr	O	22 couldn 't answer but the flush in her cheeks was his answer .
tr	I	Patrick was silent , but Patrick 's skin showed the same painful symptoms .
tr	O	Colton 's world threatened to go dark but he fought to stay conscious .
tr	O	His thumb stroked the palm of my hand and I felt a wave of dizziness so strong that I stumbled back .
tr	O	Most times I 'd say they want profit above all else , but sometimes it seems to me they want one thing even more .
tr	I	I never want it to end and this is the best thing I 've ever felt .
tr	O	The gavel slammed down and the audience clapped as a whole .
tr	O	Now I don 't have all the details , but I know something is happening .
tr	O	Scotty brought back coffee , but it didn 't help .
tr	O	There were just a few minutes left before the moon turned full and in the last moments in this human body , he thought of Nikki .
tr	O	I should have pushed to drive more , but Mom insisted .
tr	I	The last of the staff had just left and bakeries weren 't known for evening traffic .
tr	I	They do not know what they do , but I think they can block me too .
tr	O	The car wasn 't moving and the girl was alone inside .
tr	I	I bet you don 't either , and I don 't know where he works .
tr	O	He didn 't want to part from her , but he wanted her out of the coven into the daylight as soon as possible .
tr	O	The snug grip was perfect , and he knew in that moment that he 'd never get his fill of her , not if he lived forever .
tr	I	I quickly excused myself to get changed and she rested her head on his shoulder .
tr	O	I don 't think Erin is right , but I don 't say anything about that .
tr	I	She ignored the dangerous warmth that settled in the center of her heart , but his low words seemed to echo deep inside her .
tr	O	A bug was crawling up his arm , and a few more were on his chest .
tr	O	I hold out my hands , making soft noises through my lips , but I 'm helpless .
tr	I	He lingered longer than his allotted three minutes , and the shower behind the scuba shop was warm .
tr	O	I was thinking that if you wanted you could come down to the beach and you could lay out while I surf .
tr	I	It still wouldn 't break but he tried kicking it again .
tr	I	Some were spread farther out as if isolated in that particular part of the world and some of the pins were clustered together in large clumps .
tr	I	Highly annoyed I had come in at the last minute ... and they were all rush , rush .
tr	O	There was a flash of orange again , and then the blue rotated back into sight as the movement in the bushes increased once more .
tr	I	My arms feel tingly and he still makes my heart flutter .
tr	I	She did her best to send him a telepathic message , and he looked down at her .
tr	O	He 'd asked me what had happened yesterday and I felt I owed him the truth .
tr	O	It 's been a long day , and I need a good night 's sleep .
tr	O	They keep enough of the funds to cover expenses but they let me put the rest in my account .
tr	O	His left leg is broken and he 's punctured a lung .
tr	O	I had probably said too much , but there was no taking it back now .
tr	I	The person need never know that I was there , and for the most part it can be painless .
tr	I	I willed myself to stop and my fingers were drumming on the console .
tr	I	We were silent again and I nodded .
tr	O	She had never been swimming , but that hot tub was enticing .
tr	O	It 'd been three days since Ian had gone missing , and Harriet was frantic with worry .
tr	O	This was all too much , but it got so much worse .
tr	I	It would mean a lot , and it 's your first time .
tr	I	It had to stop , and somehow my mind tended to process things a lot slower whenever I was around him .
tr	I	When they were close enough , she pointed , and she waved them closer , still shushing them .
tr	I	He began to speak and Josh looked at me .
tr	O	Once the police had statements from them , Julian had taken her home and she 'd done her best not to dwell on it .
tr	O	I had no idea how it had got there , but I would deal with it later , after I had found Jim 's address .
tr	O	I wish I didn 't know it ahead time , but it keeps me from hitting on the wrong guy .
tr	I	It was the first time I 'd seen her fierceness and the word ' hell ' coming out of her mouth was odd .
tr	I	He was exhausted , and they had been running from the trackers for nearly a week .
tr	I	There were disagreements on several of the points made in the paper , and the discussion was animated .
tr	O	The procedure took a while but eventually , the size of Rome 's stomach shrank slightly .
tr	O	I slip by him and he shuts the door .
tr	O	I thought about the files I 'd thumbed through , but no hospital names stood out .
tr	O	I probably hadn 't known them , but I felt guilty all the same .
tr	O	He was just so insanely good-looking , and the teasing light in his eyes reminded me once again that I was the one he had chosen .
tr	O	He don 't talk much , but he follows directions real good .
tr	O	There 's no other way to get through this , and I have to finish it .
tr	I	Everyone will know what I 've studied , and release the key on this thumb drive .
tr	O	Juanita was just a child then , but she remembers the message .
tr	O	My heart quickened , and I swallowed .
tr	I	He always asked for more , but at first I thought it might be too silly for a busy man .
tr	O	Kyle kicked me in the ribs as I attempted to get to my feet , and I let out a grunt .
tr	I	I didn 't , but I expected to feel the hot wave of jealousy when Daemon hugged her .
tr	O	His expression changed to one of surprise , but I sensed his concern wasn 't abated .
tr	I	His arms loosen from around me and James swallows hard .
tr	I	That 's a weak word , and yes , I like him .
tr	O	The stallion was especially finicky about his feet and only A.J. was allowed to pick out his hooves .
tr	I	I had known there were some at prop 603 and every mine shaft has spare props in case of collapse .
tr	I	I bring the snowmobile to a halt on the other side of the road , and the skis scrape across the pavement .
tr	O	Memory is structure , or structure is memory .
tr	O	I knew that she was crushing on him hard , but she played it cool when she was around him .
tr	I	His throat worked as if he 'd swallowed , and his brilliant blue stare focused on her stomach .
tr	I	I felt a little like my old self , and I was content , warm .
tr	I	He had always done that , but he wrote in his ledgers .
tr	O	We have worked hard to keep it a secret , but recently it became necessary to reveal its existence to your friend Ann Rogers .
tr	I	I don 't see what 's funny and Marionette laughs .
tr	O	She wanted to do that now , but this experience had made her a much more cautious person .
tr	I	At least I wasn 't suffering , but I wouldn 't go so far as to say that I was happy .
tr	O	It raised the hair on my neck and she smiled .
tr	I	He smiled and she nodded .
tr	O	The weather was favorable and the boredom of an ocean crossing soon became an issue for most of the passengers .
tr	O	I reached for the address , but he snatched his hand away .
tr	O	They were a rather rare occurrence in the prairie land , and she felt very lucky that she had them so close .
tr	O	I ought to have expected this , yet I hadn 't guessed that he was the type of guard who would rub salt in prisoners ' wounds .
tr	O	It would be hard , but at least they had each other .
tr	I	I didn 't give in to the urge to turn around , but I could feel Dean stiffening behind me .
tr	O	Jake said in frustration and I clenched my teeth .
tr	O	He 'd meant for it to be a great romantic act and the past weeks had been murder on him waiting for the book 's release .
tr	O	They 'd had her once before , and she 'd barely gotten away with her life .
tr	I	That 's how it always was when you needed to get somewhere important , but the bus ride seemed to take forever .
tr	O	I even straightened my room , but nothing could wear me out .
tr	O	I conferred with my sub unit commander and he then had a private conversation with the other officer in the rear vehicle .
tr	O	I don 't care about money as much as Dad , but maybe that 's just because it 's always been there .
tr	I	It still faces the planet , but the window is smaller .
tr	I	Then I 'm out in the freezing night , and I pass a couple more uniformed door staff .
tr	I	I didn 't want to remember , and I didn 't want to care .
tr	I	He latches on , and I hold my hand out .
tr	O	She would surely want to visit him and that would be a waste of time .
tr	I	A silence ensued , and I sat down .
tr	I	On the opposite side the countertops seemed to need to be wiped off , and there were beer cans on all of the tables .
tr	O	You think you 're some kind of queen , but in reality it 's all a ruse .
tr	I	It stares back at him and he stares at the cat .
tr	O	She watched the sales associate give him his change and they went out again .
tr	O	I 've gone over every moment , and I should 've scented the Freak .
tr	O	His handsome features softened and he cupped her cheek .
tr	O	The messenger raced down to the captain of the guards in the courtyard , and the man nodded as he turned to the servants .
tr	O	The strong stench of alcohol accompanied him , and I felt unease starting to take root in my gut .
tr	O	He could laugh , but there was always a bitter tinge to his laughter .
tr	O	He starts to move , and I move with him , moaning , lost in the fresh wave of sensation pulsing through me .
tr	I	I could see the cabbie latched in his seatbelt , hanging awkwardly , and Everything was upside down .
tr	O	I placed my hands on his back , but he didn 't move .
tr	I	I was in amazement and the wind then died around me .
tr	I	Something inside him tightened another notch , and all directed at easing his pain .
tr	O	Behind the slim wooden post he stood , and now he could hear her plaintive cries .
tr	I	It 's a start , but France isn 't really far enough .
tr	O	I was trembling and it had nothing to do with the cold .
tr	I	The way that that leg had crumpled meant that the bone was shattered , but he 'd been shot in the thigh .
tr	I	She didn 't move , but she went still .
tr	O	Brad looked up through his dark eyebrows and his face broke into a wide grin .
tr	I	I 'd ordered wine and Marcus had ordered water .
tr	O	She didn 't want to show any weakness to him but it was difficult because he was behaving in an unfamiliar manner .
tr	I	He captured her hands in his and she reached out into the darkness .
tr	I	I got ta get back as soon as I get there and there 's some sickness goin ' on .
tr	O	For months she 'd craved his touch , and now he was giving it to her .
tr	I	What I did not get was why the Masons were here at all , but I could have had time to prepare .
tr	I	Everyone flinched and Stein was horrified .
tr	O	The constriction in his throat loosened and he swallowed in gratitude .
tr	I	The slightest touch to his abdomen sent Sam jerking away in pain and the stethoscope moved to Sam 's stomach .
tr	O	The tent was warm enough , but Ellie couldn 't stop shivering , even with Mina curled alongside her .
tr	O	It was two p.m. and he hadn 't eaten lunch yet .
tr	O	A vile curse fell out of my mouth , and I stared off at the empty road .
tr	I	We stare at the Chevelle poster on my ceiling and she lies on the bed next to me .
tr	O	Bit unnerving , but I didn 't give it much attention .
tr	O	We head outside together and I feel strange , especially when he places his hand over mine .
tr	I	I do try to look for the good in people but I wouldn 't say I was exactly the happy-go-lucky type .
tr	O	Kira could feel his lust battling with his sense of honor - and she wanted his honor to lose .
tr	I	I 'll have no choice or you get him following orders .
tr	O	Only the unique among mortals will be granted immortality and approval shall be sought before performing the act .
tr	O	The day before I had been able to play verbal war games with Nell , but today that power was lost .
tr	O	My hair was up in a knot at the back of my head , and my face was sans makeup .
tr	I	Her face relaxed , and the red color faded away .
tr	O	We showed up at my parents ' house , and Mom was already waiting .
tr	O	It was the first mistake he could ever recall making in his lifetime , and he wasn 't very happy with himself .
tr	O	I held it up to my face to look at it closer , but it really was just a rock .
tr	O	She glanced around and we all nodded .
tr	O	There is a mystery to life and it doesn 't come with a neat little formula for us to plug into .
tr	O	It 's because of me that she holds back , and I don 't know if I can ever fix that .
tr	I	Maybe England 's too and you are de Stafford 's heir .
tr	O	His gaze remained cool , but the hard edge softened .
tr	O	It was cool to watch Rhea disappear like that , but it made what she said all the more real .
tr	O	He died without a sound and I rested him on the tabletop , as though he had simply passed out from too much drink .
tr	O	Technology didn 't really interest Lolly , but she knew it had its uses .
tr	O	I was still joking , but my cheeks blushed from the compliment .
tr	O	The camera had playback capability and Dean had obliged the sheriff by playing the tape for him .
tr	I	I giggled and he swore .
tr	O	She 'd think it meant he was special to me , and it would amuse her all the more to slice him up .
tr	I	Always she received the same reply , no matter that each of her opponents was different , and always she asked .
tr	I	This time , none of them spilled over , but tears once again moistened her eyes .
tr	O	Claire finished and her pride sure felt like it took a hit then .
tr	O	She could not hope to match the vampire 's strength , but she could match his cunning .
tr	O	Obviously they weren 't and he wasn 't about to explain it to her from a distance .
tr	I	With that motion it lunged at her and she placed her full attention on it .
tr	O	It was time for the monthly Dock Workers United membership meeting and Brody knew everyone .
tr	I	He failed , but he tried his best to get an arrow into the chest of the vampire while it was in the air .
tr	O	There 's a great big fantasy world out there , and I 'm stuck in here .
tr	O	He lifted the rag , and our gazes met .
tr	O	Ivy knows that , but she still hangs around .
tr	I	The pine needles were all aligned , as if the slumbering animal had pine needles for fur , and the ground was warm , too .
tr	I	Mamma refused to let him see her , but Raoul had delivered the managers ' message .
tr	O	Steam puffed , but no flames snapped .
tr	I	None had joined them , but all had been polite .
tr	O	One hand instinctively started to move towards the shades sitting atop my head but I paused , wanting to give her the benefit of the doubt .
tr	O	The train slowed to a halt and Abbey felt a wave of excitement wash over her .
tr	O	The front door squeaked , and Will walked in , a pair of dark sunglasses perched on the bridge of his nose .
tr	O	Jack held his friend 's eye for a moment , and both men knew there was no need to thank Andrew for the money .
tr	I	She turned her back while I wrapped it around my waist and I reached out for the towel .
tr	O	She stared into Hayden 's gorgeous face , and the full force of his charm hit her .
tr	O	The kiss felt good , but she knew it was only a means to an end .
tr	O	That piqued his interest but he got no chance to ask questions .
tr	O	Grant 's wife had walked out on him and we were married .
tr	O	Mr. Hunter opened his mouth to speak but Bunny raised her hand to stop him .
tr	O	There was nothing to end in the first place , but I told London we weren 't going to work .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to argue with it , and the whole storm had given up its will to live .
tr	O	It was getting late and David knew it was time to retire for the night , he just really hadn 't the will to get up .
tr	O	The force sends me back a few steps , and the boy advances .
tr	I	Heisenberg took off just in time to avoid him , but johannes dove for the platform 's moving support .
tr	I	Children are in dorms , and parents are on one side of the caves in their own rooms .
tr	I	Maybe it was the hair , or Dave had reacted to her looks .
tr	O	His eyebrows raised and he shifted on his feet , the tension returning to his body .
tr	O	I sounded forlorn , and I could only hope I didn 't come across as self-pitying .
tr	O	By then we 'd been there for five minutes , and though I was frightened , I didn 't think we would ever get caught .
tr	O	Johnny gallantly carries my sea chest back to the brig , and I put my things in it , which is satisfying .
tr	I	She followed Christine around the house like a puppy , and she had a blanket she carried with her everywhere .
tr	I	I was sick to my stomach , and my head hurt for days afterward .
tr	O	Four girls entered the restaurant just then and Sam French was one of them .
tr	I	Her brother 's too , but addresses , not just hers .
tr	O	I didn 't say anything , but I felt the dagger slide from its sheath .
tr	O	We are up above a city , and then I see the flash .
tr	O	She meant well , but Lucy didn 't understand how she felt .
tr	I	Him , without any guarantees and she would be traveling a very long distance just to meet his family .
tr	I	Her pupils widened and her lashes fluttered .
tr	I	He thought it might be spiritual , but he didn 't know what she meant by the ' inside ' .
tr	I	Right now I need you more , but yes , I need sustenance .
tr	I	I had laughed in relief and those feelings of anticipation returned .
tr	O	Ivy glanced up at me , and her bright smile returned .
tr	O	The beasts of hell have been unleashed and we must be prepared .
tr	I	The second time , he kissed me , but I had kissed Victor the first time .
tr	O	I caught Liam 's eye as I spoke , and the intensity of his gaze let me know that he knew about Calvin .
tr	O	I tried letting out some cord but the slack wasn 't taken up .
tr	O	One officer , a Lieutenant Fred Johnson , seldom joined with a story but he laughed at theirs .
tr	I	She felt herself grow warm , and he gently patted her hand .
tr	O	She tapped her finger on her upper lip and her eyes moved to sweep over Stefan .
tr	I	We walked side by side down the tunnel and I nodded .
tr	O	These issues span far beyond one lifetime and in I walk to complicate your existence even further !
tr	I	They were lying eyes , but his eyes were hard .
tr	I	No one had answered , but they had called out .
tr	I	He turned and the creaking of a grate from behind him broke Donny 's observation .
tr	I	They did feature a vampire , but they weren 't nightmares where I relived Jackal kidnapping me .
tr	O	The lonely Mouse was aging and he realized he missed not having any prospects for a mate .
tr	O	My instant recovery would cost a pretty penny down the road , but yes , I was .
tr	O	When David heard , he knew the value of this type of power and despite Marlena being there to take them out , he ordered another attack .
tr	O	He checked throughout the afternoon but it always reminded him that he would be informed when the survey was ready .
tr	I	There was no use telling that to them , but it wasn 't going to work .
tr	I	It could also mean she was in even greater danger than we thought , but that option sounded better to my ego .
tr	O	I can remember your grandmother showing me an old portrait of them in days gone by , and the resemblance is quite frightening .
tr	I	Later we found out it had changed domains to outside the US , but I was surprised the website was even still up .
tr	O	His head is tipped down and his warm breath caresses my neck .
tr	I	I could tell it really made Jack think , and I ask .
tr	I	I wondered if she was looking for her father , and Melanie scanned the crowd .
tr	O	A path was formed and Kiran was allowed entry without any physical contact from anyone .
tr	O	He was fighting with her and he was in a wheelchair .
tr	O	The company shifted in their seats , and Violet jumped in to change the subject .
tr	I	Players don 't change , and he 's a player .
tr	I	It didn 't move again , but they looked at the flickering .
tr	O	It wouldn 't be for whom I was leaving behind , but I would welcome it .
tr	I	The picture became clear , and then Pop turned two knobs at once .
tr	I	I follow her silent instruction and she closed her eyes completely .
tr	I	The goblin dropped like a stone , and it met with a satisfying crack .
tr	I	He didn 't stop talking , but he shifted where he sat .
tr	I	I was again plunged into darkness and I dropped the match as the flame reached my fingers .
tr	O	The door to the library was closed , but the handle turned at once .
tr	O	The Prosecutors erupt into laughter again but this time they ´ re alone .
tr	O	I can 't explain it , but it was important that I ... talk to him .
tr	I	Sibyl didn 't have any interest ( much to Mags 's everlasting chagrin ) but mags tried to help Sibyl channel this extraordinary power .
tr	I	This is the second time she has gotten involved in field work , but since then , mom has been promising to stay behind a desk .
tr	I	I remember what a mean , sadistic bully he was then , but he obviously didn 't recognize me .
tr	O	Every inch of her was covered in bites , but still she covered her skin in bug repellent .
tr	I	He knew it , and he wasn 't at all made in the mould of a medieval prince .
tr	I	He was too tired to think , but all the worries were swimming inside his head .
tr	I	All the guys fell all over her and she had the cheerleader Barbie body .
tr	I	I 'm paralyzed by the sight of him , but I should run .
tr	O	Maybe I 'd turn into a werewolf , or maybe it would be his demise .
tr	I	She had a good mouth on her , but she wasn 't anything like that voice .
tr	I	I screamed and I could feel the freezing cold drops splashing against my skin .
tr	O	I had found something innocent in this world , and I wanted to hold on to it .
tr	I	He showed no signs of a reaction as he spotted their entwined hands , but Devon glanced briefly back at them .
tr	I	He just shook his head , but I looked up at him with frantic questions in my eyes .
tr	O	A very powerful aroma filling the room and clouded the senses .
tr	O	Her entire field thrived on it but she was in no condition to deal with it today .
tr	O	I felt Sam shudder next to me , and he closed his eyes .
tr	O	King said that there was no point in saying anything because they 'd just worry and we didn 't know what had happened .
tr	O	I was brown and he was white .
tr	O	Everyone got out and the Captain pointed a general direction towards where they should go .
tr	I	For a moment he worried about getting disoriented , and the pressure was greater the deeper he went .
tr	O	A lot was happening , and very little of it made any sense .
tr	I	It also affirms to me that Kevin isn 't the bad guy , but I feel exposed .
tr	I	My temperature rose several degrees and my heart rate increased .
tr	I	The inhabitants of the house remained safe , but several cannon balls landed in the yard .
tr	O	He could so easily crush me , but Christian had become my welcomed complication .
tr	O	I 'm relieved once the path widens and he falls back into step beside me .
tr	I	He is eager to speak with you , and I 'm Monsieur Lapierre 's private secretary .
tr	I	Rachel 's entire body tingled with electricity , and Realization burst .
tr	O	The new knowledge reinvigorated us , and we nearly forgot our food as we began making plans .
tr	I	It felt like a scream , but her voice was barely a whisper .
tr	O	They untie him and Satyr 1 pours him an overly large cup of wine .
tr	I	It was difficult to maintain under the pressure of the massaging jets beating onto her back , but the stress was still there in her shoulders .
tr	I	During the year he 'd done some campus policing for spare cash and he 'd worked summers at the golf course .
tr	O	Julie 's house held different types of inter-species people , but Julie had never seen a Lamia climb a tree in that way .
tr	I	I felt the cool air upon the wetness he 'd left there and his kiss slowed to soft nibbles until he pulled his lips away .
tr	I	I can see the war happening in her mind but she remains silent .
tr	I	She leans forward to kiss me , and a sob escapes her throat .
tr	O	That men are weak and women must restrain them .
tr	I	The sky darkened and the earth rumbled .
tr	O	It was how she 'd grown up and she felt younger , softer somehow .
tr	O	I provided a detailed statement , and the judge has it , so there is very little left to argue , as I see it .
tr	O	This guy was excessively confident , but rather than annoying her , she was intrigued .
tr	I	Lucas 's door was closed and the hall was empty .
tr	I	She remains quiet , but I wait for her to say something .
tr	I	He was temporarily by himself at the bar , and Jane had tottered off to the ladies ' .
tr	O	He indicated the men should go , but then stopped , holding up the first finger of his left hand .
tr	O	He believed he had to do anything to stop the prophecy , and I knew then that Deanna had spoken the truth .
tr	O	A full moon hung above the fog , and it made the thick mist deceptively luminous .
tr	I	Instead he opened the door to a midnight blue Maserati , but Sara expected him to lead her to a limo outside .
tr	O	I 've been single for a year , and I 'm still getting dumped .
tr	O	Jared glanced down the hall , and his face darkened with fury .
tr	I	It had created a predictable response in him and he 'd seen desire flare in her eyes .
tr	I	We went for a long drive , and my parents threw me in the pickup .
tr	I	He wanted to impress the kids at school and Jackson wanted to please his parents .
tr	I	These Exiles were nothing , and he was the rightful son of the Empress .
tr	I	I guessed he 'd assured her we 'd return because she nodded once and he spoke to her in Bantu .
tr	I	The two exchanged a smile , and he caught Iris 's eye .
tr	O	He stepped up beside the silent sentinel on the dark edge , and Frodo followed .
tr	I	They stood like sentinels watching over the town below , and three large towers rose from its highest point .
tr	I	Grimshaw leant on his stick and I was holding on to the back of a seat .
tr	I	The soot had been ground into the fibers , and while it had once been white , it had been repeatedly used by novices cleaning the fireplaces .
tr	O	She could no longer see him but she couldn 't mistake his presence .
tr	I	It sounded like something I 'd like but I couldn 't quite picture it .
tr	I	That had never bothered Bri before , but sure they might tease her for her fluff pieces .
tr	I	She waves him over and they make eye contact .
tr	I	For now he would continue downward , but he could always retrace his steps .
tr	O	The air got colder , and Daniel hugged tightly the cloak Alistair had given him .
tr	I	That was not something that I had -- not for a direct confrontation anyway , and that would be pointless without any leverage to use against him .
tr	I	Her smile to Jeff showed it , and Sera was relieved .
tr	O	He held up a long plastic tube sealed at each end , and Kat 's stomach flipped again .
tr	O	Well , I tried to smile , but it felt more like a grimace .
tr	O	She had known him for less than forty-eight hours and already he had her rethinking her relationships .
tr	O	He was saved from having to reply when the doors opened , but Willow couldn 't help wondering how he would have answered her last question .
tr	I	I wasn 't upset , but I wanted to cry .
tr	O	I felt like a toy whenever I was around him , and it seemed he never tired of playing games with me .
tr	I	Everyone else had somewhere too , and Trish was teaming up with Lottie again .
tr	I	He wasn 't ready to let her walk from the room and his normal cool was agitated .
tr	O	He had the little black box in his hand , and he sank to his knees in front of Jamie .
tr	O	I represent my House as well , Merit , and I have my pride .
tr	O	She probably wasn 't on-board but he had to check everywhere .
tr	I	I have to be careful , but I have money saved up that Ivy doesn 't know about .
tr	O	Maybe that was just optimism , but I preferred it to despair .
tr	I	Here we were , waiting , coffee on the ground , but I had been exaggerating about expecting her to drop it .
tr	O	It hadn 't gotten any bigger , but it hadn 't gotten any smaller .
tr	O	The group therapy didn 't work , and the hypnotism sessions aren 't working at all .
tr	I	He nodded as he sat on the arm of a chair and I glanced at Zayne .
tr	I	I always trusted my bones when it came to something as important as liberating treasure and I felt it within my bones .
tr	O	Duncan would have been out of place standing in line , but the girls looked so similar to me at first glance .
tr	I	I sighed , and much looked down .
tr	I	I shoved my face in the pillow to escape his action even though I allowed his touch and he pulled my hair away from my shoulder .
tr	O	It 's not normally needed -- not much happens on the road , and if it does we can usually agree which side would handle it .
tr	I	I quit caring , and then Jack slid on top of me .
tr	I	I definitely didn 't recognize that harsh tone , and it had grown in intensity so much that I barely recognized him .
tr	O	He wanted to watch her from a distance , but he made himself pull back .
tr	I	Just as I recalled , she reminded me , and it took me a moment to place her .
tr	I	I was not but I thought I was dreaming .
tr	O	His voice sounded strained , and I berated myself for letting Torin get to me .
tr	O	I sat up , and my head spun .
tr	I	I wasn 't to blame , but I squeaked out possibly the stupidest question .
tr	I	I need more time to think , so for every step she takes forward , I take back , but she walks toward me again .
tr	O	Granted she thought it was kind of fascinating , but then , she was a freak of nature .
tr	O	His foot met with the shoulder , and she went flying backward , falling so hard that her shoulder relocated with a sickening crunch .
tr	I	Maybe this was just as well , but Greg Disappointment fluttered in my stomach .
tr	O	Between the clouds , she saw an occasional jet trail , but logic told her they were from planes stationed at the naval base in Norfolk .
tr	I	His fingers rest on the edge of the purple mass , sending jolts through my body , and I pull my leg out of the water .
tr	O	At first I think another building is burning , but instead it seems to be coming from a series of contained campfires .
tr	O	The light had turned green , and he hadn 't noticed .
tr	O	It 's not so crowded and still it is a great place to party .
tr	I	If she died , at least she 'd die holding the man she loved , and whatever came would come .
tr	O	Luther 's head flopped to the side and his chin dropped to her shoulder .
tr	O	The hard metal tapped his pecs and he pressed it back up , exhaling through his mouth .
tr	I	He said no and it 's not like I had asked him if he had a girlfriend .
tr	O	No need to attract more attention than necessary , and the night only had a slight chill to it .
tr	O	They ran , but it already felt too slow to Zook .
tr	I	She had the brief fantasy of sinking them into the curls at the nape of his neck and her fingers stopped twisting .
tr	I	I can 't get a fit , but it throws me off a bit , trying to match the voice to a picture in my head .
tr	I	I 'm sure I heard but voices sound like they 're coming from outside a womb .
tr	I	She sat in the dark , waiting , and the popcorn she 'd popped had gotten cold .
tr	I	He had no choice but he was afraid .
tr	I	I felt him start to get hard against my belly and he breathed in deeply .
tr	O	I was already sensitive from the last orgasm and so even this made my mind go blank .
tr	O	Tally had spread the word about the carnival , and even Trot seemed to be moving with a purpose .
tr	O	The roller coaster rumbled again , and the air filled with the screams of its riders .
tr	I	She was starting to think that it really couldn 't be , and it felt like home , although of course it wasn 't .
tr	I	The firepower compensated for the loss , but he missed the maneuverability .
tr	I	She looked at the ground and I swallowed hard .
tr	I	I countered it with mine , and he swung his sword .
tr	O	Somehow the walk seemed easier now and the fear of not getting out alive began to fall away .
tr	O	He stared at me hard then , and I could hear the determination in his voice .
tr	O	His phone rang several times , but he didn 't answer it .
tr	O	Normally she wouldn 't have made such a comment , but these weren 't normal circumstances .
tr	O	Lilith would rise to power again , and they would face her .
tr	O	The suspicion in his gaze faded , and he almost looked relieved .
tr	O	It was a female Voice , like a bell , but possessing great authority .
tr	I	It wasn 't as though they could ask for volunteers , and they couldn 't experiment much on themselves without risk .
tr	O	I may have amnesia , but even I can see that .
tr	O	Savannah 's mother was still , well , her mother , but they did exchange kisses on the cheek .
tr	I	They would not see their parents again , and they would be leaving at dawn .
tr	O	They were used to following her lead and it was natural to look to her now .
tr	O	It was during their drinking that one of them had decided to set up the night 's entertainment , and the prisoners were forced to capitulate .
tr	I	His ankle was securely strapped and his bruised face was peaceful .
tr	O	Either news had spread or it was simply rumour coming close to the mark .
tr	I	He despised the women he carried on with , and the difference was he didn 't enjoy it .
tr	I	She knew what he was saying and she took in a breath .
tr	O	one of the other vampires called , and there was a ripple of laughter .
tr	O	My brother was a Navy SEAL but he 's in a wheelchair now .
tr	O	My brother 's brows drew together , but he slowly shook his head .
tr	O	Rourke 's jaw was clenched and fierce concentration lined his face .
tr	I	We were clearly outnumbered , but our guns were bigger .
tr	I	He couldn 't just take Black 's word for it , and he had to know that the kids were really okay .
tr	I	The sudden silence spoke volumes , and I didn 't say anything .
tr	I	The air was always thick with humidity and rains fell more often .
tr	I	I think it 's awesome and you happen to be very electrical !
tr	I	She continues and everyone nods silently .
tr	O	You think you can die twenty-five times and it won 't change you ?
tr	I	I realize I haven 't eaten today , and the smell of the grill hits me .
tr	O	The plane was still rolling , but Kevin unbuckled his seatbelt anyway .
tr	O	I try to stare at him in the night , but it 's hard because it 's dark .
tr	I	I will scream or I need fresh air in my lungs .
tr	I	We approached our new car ; an old model that looked to be in well kept condition and Benny gestured to me .
tr	O	She smiles and I catch her eyes going to the hem of my pants which are too short again .
tr	I	My eyes are too strained and it 's too dark .
tr	I	Now they did have a leader , and thirty all together .
tr	O	The arrow point would have to be dug out and the wound bled .
tr	I	Her scent invaded his senses , and James felt every supple curve .
tr	O	I hated to blindside him like that , but he needed to know .
tr	O	He turned as I pulled the trigger , and his face lit up in surprise .
tr	I	A cascade of westbound signal towers turn green and unseen network controllers in Omaha instruct switching tracks ahead to slam into place .
tr	O	Steve was still asleep and the three candles painted a dancing pattern of yellow around the room .
tr	O	That would make life so much easier in a way , but then , it would suck the fun out of everything too .
tr	O	I 'm Edward Stein , but Eddie is just fine .
tr	O	I knocked , since her door was closed , but she called out to me to come in .
tr	I	Amica talking , and he found his mom .
tr	O	He folds his arms in front of his chest and his veins are visible beneath his skin .
tr	O	He wanted to give her a choice , but if she didn 't choose him , Shane wasn 't sure what he would do .
tr	I	I instantly regretted it , and I 'd never really shot my mouth off in class before .
tr	O	The black ink was starting to fade , but I could still make out the runes .
tr	I	Valeria was lying flat on the mat and the count went on .
tr	O	Grace deserved better treatment , and if Jeff had seen him , he had blown his cover as a married man .
tr	O	This interrogation was inevitable , but it didn 't make me any less nervous .
tr	O	Lightning cracks on cue overhead and I jump nervously .
tr	O	Norm was almost gone , yet he clung grimly with one hand .
tr	O	The debate raged among our people and we wanted our women to be protected .
tr	O	He stepped closer , reaching out for me as if he expected me to take his hand , but I didn 't move .
tr	I	She gasped , and when we were only a few feet away her eyes met mine .
tr	O	She knew that if he had not been holding her , he would have gone after Dani , and he would have killed her .
tr	O	She hadn 't heard his voice in more than two years , but she recognized it immediately .
tr	O	Her belly was slightly swollen with another baby and she 'd never looked more gorgeous .
tr	I	Hands neatly folded in their laps , like they had done this plenty of times before and they sat unmoving , with legs crossed .
tr	O	The traumatic event had taken its toll on Cappy , and he had to be taken back to Harrogate .
tr	I	He didn 't want to lose the island either , but he didn 't want to leave Molly .
tr	I	He abandoned his general protest for the specific , but this explanation did not reconcile Riley at all .
tr	O	A few mats remained on the floor , but otherwise everything looked bare .
tr	O	Shifters were moving around outside , but inside , Graham 's house was calm .
tr	I	He agreed to send me one full set and I said yes .
tr	I	I couldn 't blame her , but her face had no expression .
tr	O	Seth aims me a dirty look and I smile innocently back at him .
tr	O	Being in the hallway gave her a headache at first , but after a short while she didn 't notice the smells .
tr	O	I may not have any sort of recollection right now , but I 'm learning that I 'm very good at faking it .
tr	O	They reacted by firing the gun on its direction but it could not pin down the fast moving torpedoes .
tr	O	My head throbbed , and I felt sick .
tr	I	There was not power on Earth that could have saved Elaine , but Chase was on his knees , vainly trying to staunch the bleeding .
tr	O	There was already a girl with dark hair that fell around her face , and a boy hopped in right after him .
tr	O	I can tell you 're not comfortable with me here but I 'd love to see Noah .
tr	I	I grabbed the first one I could touch and we ran together , back to the center .
tr	I	Some will take you around forever and some threads will take you right to the end of the web .
tr	O	I narrow my eyes , and warily do as told .
tr	I	Instead all were bowed down , but nobody had touched him .
tr	O	It was nine at night and I was suddenly consumed with this profound need to see her , even if it was from afar .
tr	I	There were no passersby , and such would only happen if the person was already unconscious .
tr	O	He touched her arm and she turned to him .
tr	I	A sprightly young male smiled at me , and the door to the chamber swung open .
tr	O	Sebastian wounded Jace , but the heavenly fire rebounded on him , somehow .
tr	O	I hit the log again , and the same thing happens , I hit it hard with my hand , with a tear coming from my eyes .
tr	O	Ha , and he thought I was bossy .
tr	O	It had been two days since he 'd been released from the hospital , and so far he 'd only had about three hours of sleep .
tr	O	Isabelle used her beauty like she used her whip , but Clary didn 't know she was beautiful at all .
tr	O	The flare gun was in my hand , and my hand was pointing at her chest .
tr	O	He made a sound in his throat , and she felt his c * ck pulse .
tr	O	Fortunately my food arrived or I would not be alive to tell this story .
tr	I	I could tell it made him feel something , but I didn 't know how that made him feel .
tr	I	He kept it to himself but he had something to ask .
tr	I	Again , Lea wasn 't in favor of it , and Julie used the excuse that she was the one who invited Lea .
tr	O	When they did paddle , it was against the current , and half the time they were not sure which way to go .
tr	I	She knew evenings were a good time to get a hold of me to chat , and we kept in touch .
tr	I	Damn , I was nervous , but that was how a jump worked .
tr	O	The horror of Aggie 's tale was nauseating , but she felt a morbid curiosity .
tr	I	I 'll do it mine and you do it your way .
tr	O	I can kick my feet , and I can move my arms .
tr	O	Then they were ready to commit him , but he convinced otherwise .
tr	I	Emily could see there was no possible way for Jeremy to reach him in time and the killer began to raise the gun .
tr	O	The trial was now entering its second full week of testimony , and he would push the lawyers hard to finish as soon as possible .
tr	I	Then his eyes shot up to mine , and Jackson stared at it .
tr	I	The devil in the snow spoke the truth , but I hadn 't either .
tr	I	I wouldn 't push her and she didn 't want to talk about it .
tr	I	After a hell of day , realized she never stopped by for dinner , and he 'd been caught working late again .
tr	O	Like I admired him from afar , but I knew I didn 't have a chance with him .
tr	O	He touched the surface in several places and it popped open .
tr	O	It 's weak , barely there , but goddamn it , I have one .
tr	I	I won 't keep things like that from you again , and I should have told you about everything .
tr	O	The police didn 't suspect Jason , but his own people did .
tr	O	Vero skipped out of the door and her high-heeled shoes beat a tango beat retreat up the stairs .
tr	O	Nothing seemed to change about the Wanderers , but they were approaching more quickly as well .
tr	I	Trouble had not run out the front door and he 'd watched Lauren go in for her keys .
tr	I	It just came out sounding that way and her vocal chords had tightened .
tr	O	He always knew what was best for me , and I ' d taken the wrong path .
tr	I	Bobo smiled back , perfect white teeth flashing in a tan face , but most people would have found this terrifying .
tr	I	That was beyond my current budget , but usually I went for the empanadas .
tr	I	Their fingers intertwined so naturally that Rachel felt like they 'd done this for a lifetime , and his touch had a tender strength .
tr	O	I couldn 't fight off all the wolves alone but I was thinking about making a run for it .
tr	O	Amy perched beside me , closer than she had been in weeks , and I felt a shiver run up my spine .
tr	O	As I enter , I see Jacob going to his room and he doesn 't even turn to say anything .
tr	O	They hoped he might fall into a deep sleep , and then he could be drugged as he slept , in Emilie 's room .
tr	I	Danica fought the urge to reel off her credentials : PhD in clinical psychology from Boston University , undergrad degree from Tufts , and Blake stood .
tr	I	There is no greater light for me than you , but you think yourself tainted .
tr	I	I didn 't want to come across that way , and I couldn 't talk about it without sounding bitter .
tr	I	Over his shoulder was hung a towering shield and at his side was hung a huge sword .
tr	I	He didn 't understand respect , but Robb always thought he knew best .
tr	I	The crowds out on the walkways had stifled the sound , but I sucked in a breath , thinking Scott had heard .
tr	O	He 'd slowly been working towards getting her to think of him in terms of a man , but it had been a painfully slow battle .
tr	I	He showed me all these wonderful things , Nis and I have been talking with Aeolus .
tr	I	I 'm not bad , but cats are for witches .
tr	I	He shuffled towards the door , blinking in the unaccustomed light , and Skin hung loosely off his thin , hollow frame .
tr	O	Few humans are allowed to know of our existence , but they have done so throughout history , mother to daughter , father to son .
tr	I	I hesitated purposefully to see simply what the boy would do to me when I didn 't act first and I saw his mouth move .
tr	O	She 'd been conned , and she didn 't want anyone know she 'd been played a fool .
tr	I	There was nothing carefree about his demeanor now , but Ashby shrugged .
tr	I	I widened my legs to give him better access and gripping the counter for support , a tiny moan fell from my lips .
tr	O	Doyle lay on his side , fighting to try to get to his knees , but he was too hurt .
tr	O	He didn 't think much of Atlantica , but he wasn 't entirely unreasonable .
tr	O	My dad 's only thirty-six , and his height makes him look even younger .
tr	O	A few moments later a car honked its horn behind him and he felt his heart surge .
tr	O	The Counts will invite me someplace , and I 'll mindlessly go right along .
tr	I	This time , I held it in for a few moments but I pressed it again .
tr	O	Neither spoke , and Tavi closed his eyes for a moment , ordering his thoughts .
tr	I	She suspected for Sergio too , and it was tempting to go beyond kissing for Mandi .
tr	O	His matter-of-fact attitude stole a little of her good cheer , but she didn 't let it show .
tr	O	He 'd just found Emily , and he wasn 't losing her .
tr	I	I wasn 't , but I guess I should be concerned by that thought .
tr	I	You can never be sure , but it seems to be an isolated incident .
tr	O	My head snapped up , but my eyes saw nothing .
tr	O	Danger is so close and they don 't know .
tr	O	His eyes were closed and his hands were shaking .
tr	I	I couldn 't take it back , and I had said it .
tr	I	The raspy echo sent shivers up my back , and the blade screeched off the armored hide .
tr	O	Her sandy scales disappeared and she seemed to shrink .
tr	O	Okay , that is sweet , but I 'm still standing my ground .
tr	O	The overwhelming feeling of fear had blinded me into submission and now I 'm out of ideas .
tr	I	Everyone froze , and Charlotte spoke .
tr	O	The flows of Spirit energy were slowing down with each death , but there were still so many more advancing .
tr	I	Of course , she didn 't have the courage to ask for them , but there were several things that popped into her mind at that moment .
tr	I	I let out a small cry , and our eyes meet .
tr	O	He would have preferred some privacy for this call , but he sure as hell was not going to get any of that right now .
tr	I	The boat lurched into high speed , and the engine started .
tr	I	There was nothing Graham could do about that , and wallis was getting some dosing , of course .
tr	I	The impatience is clearly stamped on his face and he has his arms folded across his chest .
tr	I	I supposed that was irrelevant , but I couldn 't remember doing that .
tr	O	His chocolate is still intact , and I hope it will stay like that for a few more minutes .
tr	O	Gayle was not the kind of person you crossed , and now she was knee-deep in Mr. Marin 's campaign .
tr	I	Her dad 's gaze narrowed , cutting into me , and Kenzie swallowed .
tr	O	Angels , Tessa thought , wondering , but she didn 't say it .
tr	O	He should have left then , but Harding had a nasty streak .
tr	O	The metal around her wrists clicked into place , but Charles kept his knee in her back , rendering her immobile .
tr	O	He wanted to scream but he couldn 't .
tr	O	Dean opened the windows and flung back the curtains .
tr	I	Then there was silence , and her screams were heard briefly .
tr	I	With people around us dying all the time , it was hard to lighten up , and I guess I tended to be a little serious .
tr	O	I fastened my gaze on Gideon 's , trying to put all my love into my eyes , and then he had disappeared .
tr	I	He made no indication his mind would change , but there had to be a better one , like him going over himself .
tr	O	I 'm not challenging the law of the land , but maybe the simple volume of those prayers was protective .
tr	I	He wore animal skin around his waist like a kilt and Leather sandals bound around his feet for protection .
tr	O	Her eyes narrowed at my demanding tone , but I didn 't back down .
tr	I	After college , I saw you drifting away to California , but I thought you would take over the company when you were old enough .
tr	O	Kellen 's image suddenly rose in my mind , and I couldn 't help smiling .
tr	I	She looked away quickly and Jess 's eyes stung .
tr	I	A familiar figure strode out and the library door opened .
tr	O	Their gazes locked , and he watched her silently with his calm blue eyes .
tr	O	Beth forced a grin and they marched on .
tr	I	They continue to leave , but I 've had the men severely punish any deserters that we find , as a lesson to the others .
tr	I	Manuel ran to the stands and the two coaches nodded .
tr	O	His lips formed a snarl , and I fought down the urge to sock him in the jaw .
tr	O	Haylie had dated maybe ten different men in her entire adult life ... and some of those had been one-time encounters over nothing more than coffee .
tr	O	Instead I felt warm , as if Henry was embracing me , and I imagined him pulling me to shore .
tr	O	His lips were set in a thin line and his eyes were cold as they gazed at me .
tr	I	I knew he was replaying those images , and he hesitated .
tr	O	I pulled his hand up toward me and his face registered a kind of shock .
tr	O	She said she was too new around here to know who all the crackpots are , and she was afraid somebody was trying to snooker her .
tr	I	This wasn 't it , but I don 't know what I expected .
tr	O	I thought we had fun together , and I looked forward to spending more time getting to know you .
tr	O	Tears were pricking at her eyes again , but she no longer paid attention to them .
tr	I	They disappeared down the path and James pulled Catalina along .
tr	I	She couldn 't do it without his help , and she needed to form a court .
tr	O	In the mornings she was too ill to feel like dressing , and in the afternoon , she figured , why bother ?
tr	O	Vader was still breathing , but each breath was labored .
tr	O	Davin 's line on his mother 's side was questionable at best , but that hadn 't mattered when she 'd been married into the family .
tr	O	I didn 't want to make a scene , but I wasn 't ready for that kind of comfort .
tr	I	Erin wouldn 't have been my first pick , but I said I would help Bryce get a date .
tr	I	She 's wearing a ratty old robe and her hair is wrapped in a towel .
tr	O	I pulled away , feeling completely helpless to do anything to ease the situation , but I had to try .
tr	I	He started opening drawers in search of something else , and Ethan seemed pleased .
tr	I	Nancy is doing something similar , and Florence paces the halls , murmuring under her breath what sounds like a prayer .
tr	I	Ali wanted to punish her , but her mom hated the smell .
tr	O	The officer turned to go after his caustic rebuttal , but Maximus 's growl stopped him .
tr	I	A faery came through , glaring at them , and the ranks parted .
tr	O	She knew she wouldn 't be able to make out what they were saying , but she tried anyway .
tr	I	He refused to release it , but Rena pulled at her arm .
tr	O	He still looked stunned , but it was fading as his quick mind began analyzing everything .
tr	O	It was a spare , but it had a Jeep tag .
tr	O	She couldn 't see anybody , but there was something out there that suggested movement .
tr	I	Something inside me knows already , but I can 't remember .
tr	I	It was difficult , but I tried to sound reassuring .
tr	I	She did too and I smiled inside .
tr	O	I tried not to stare at him too much and I denied the desire coursing through my veins like really good whiskey .
tr	I	Her carefree smile told him that she 'd left her problems behind , at least for now and her face was flushed pink .
tr	I	A woman 's voice sounded , and she pressed another by it .
tr	O	Darnell took a step toward me , but Cade moved in front of him .
tr	O	His face was pale , and he was sweating profusely .
tr	O	The ship was visible for only a few seconds , but it was risky .
tr	I	If the Captain wants him on the ship , he 's definitely expecting trouble and Harrison is our best sword .
tr	I	Sure enough , they were at the pier and she looked out her window .
tr	O	In my time we say cut to the chase , but it comes to the same .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I said that much louder than I needed to .
tr	O	Balthazar never flinched , but I saw the dampness shining in his eyes .
tr	I	I 'd prefer that outcome , and it will keep you alive .
tr	I	It would do until she got her first actual paycheck , but it wasn 't much .
tr	I	This displeased him the most , and he had been misled by the calmness of the ocean earlier .
tr	I	They took me on , and I signed up for nursing school .
tr	O	- returned , and the Prince abruptly leaned over the side of his horse , feeling he was about to retch .
tr	O	The alleys were closer together , and the church patrols much less frequent .
tr	I	Her gaze jerked to his face , and Ian asked .
tr	I	A small branch fell to the ground and High above there was a snap .
tr	O	He nodded and the queen left , running down the corridor with a sense of purpose .
tr	O	The glass cup shattered on the floor in front of him and he released the straws to hurriedly pat his pants with some of the napkins .
tr	I	Their glass sides were cloudy with congealed oil , but a few of the street side lamps worked .
tr	O	In turn he would see headlights miles away and he would see men on foot about ten feet away .
tr	O	I wanted to offer the kid some advice , but I couldn 't think of anything to tell him .
tr	O	She couldn 't read his expression and she really wished she could .
tr	I	She stands firm , but I get in her face , hoping to scare her back .
tr	O	This book is better because of all of your input and I 'm so grateful to everyone who helped me make it the book it is today .
tr	I	Travis has already sacrificed so much of his and they have their entire lives ahead of them .
tr	O	She seemed anxious for any news about him , and this made me uncomfortable .
tr	O	My head hits a chair on the way down and I see stars .
tr	O	My feet hit it ; and with no force to counteract , I went sailing out of the wind wall .
tr	I	I trot to reach him sooner , and my breath escapes me .
tr	I	It was bad nonetheless , but I didn 't know .
tr	I	She 's staring right at Charlie and her eyes pop open again .
tr	O	I watched his unsteady hand smooth Karina 's hair from her face and a sob broke from between his lips .
tr	O	It wasn 't the type of show that would have occurred to me , but it was clearly working for the ladies .
tr	I	She was working on it , but her Spanish was still rudimentary .
tr	O	The fuzzy pink carpet was heavy , but Link popped the door open with one hand .
tr	I	He thought he might one day win a similarly respected sobriquet but not only did Hugh finally feel a kinship with a member of his family .
tr	I	I would advise that you allow yourself to love , but your heart is heavy .
tr	I	I 've never been stable enough regarding location to take it seriously , therefore me staying seriously mentally unstable instead but I considered therapy .
tr	O	They 'd wanted me to follow in their footsteps , but I still wasn 't sure that was the right career path for me .
tr	I	The family couldn 't get enough of her and she was the spitting image of her siblings .
tr	I	They knew it and he was right .
tr	O	His teeth were yellowed , and his beard had a piece of food stuck in it .
tr	O	The car stopped at a red light and she brushed her hand against the door handle .
tr	I	Neither did I say no , but I didn 't say yes .
tr	I	They didn 't appear to be too deep , and there were two , about an inch apart .
tr	O	She was an expert driver , and again I considered how much more independent I would be if I should acquire my own form of transportation .
tr	I	I breathed him in and he consumed my mouth .
tr	I	He 's in bad shape , but after an hour of waiting I finally learn that Earl has been stabilized .
tr	O	There was something agonizing in his expression and I wanted to help make it better .
tr	I	Her face is impassive , but I look at Raven for guidance .
tr	I	Her clipboard appeared , and she snapped her fingers .
tr	I	Sarah shook her head sadly , and his question brought back the sting of reality .
tr	I	It could be bad or it could be good .
tr	O	It didn 't seem fair that I expected the whole truth from him while I shied away from it myself , but I needed it .
tr	I	Ambrose was sure that he intended to beat him half to death and Triumph glinted in his eyes .
tr	I	It didn 't rain here as the concrete ground is completely dry , or the rain has stopped .
tr	O	Nerve endings in parts of his body he never knew existed began to twitch and he took a deep breath to calm himself .
tr	I	She had another thing coming , but she thought she was getting rid of him this morning .
tr	O	Sounds like a serial killer , but I 'm not one to judge .
tr	I	All I could do was stare , and his words echoed through the room .
tr	I	Cherished could do something resembling lightning and it would be reasonable to think the High Weavers .
tr	I	He was ready to declare pistols at dawn on her behalf , but Leo didn 't even know the woman who accompanied the billionaire .
tr	I	You will be punished and if you answer dishonestly , we will know .
tr	I	It 's difficult to see it because I don 't think it 's real , rather created by his high , but he gives me a smile .
tr	O	She might put up a good front , but it was nice to know she wasn 't completely unruffled by the events of the past twenty-four hours .
tr	O	I clicked the hyperlink on Supremo and it directed me to another article .
tr	O	My arms curled around his neck and I lifted my mouth for him to kiss again , even as I raised my hips .
tr	O	The woman they called Rivers was painting with a fury , and I strained my eyes to see what she was making .
tr	I	Then it began to steam up , but it was very sweet at first .
tr	I	My denials withered up like a dead flower , but I opened my mouth .
tr	I	Then I wished I hadn 't been , but I was as close on his heels as my legs would allow .
tr	O	All I can do now is try to hide , and this is as good a place as any ; possibly better than most .
tr	O	Easter was still three weeks away , perhaps if he was careful and with the guidance of God he could get her to come .
tr	I	Soon enough , she 'd be leaving , and this place wasn 't where she belonged .
tr	I	She couldn 't seem to help it , but she shouldn 't start counting her chickens about this inn project .
tr	O	I never thought I 'd enjoy being a blonde , but I really did like this look .
tr	O	It had no smell , and she licked it first , then popped it into her mouth .
tr	I	He doesn 't want to see it destroyed , as you were about to do and all Matt wants to do is restore the cemetery .
tr	O	* * * Then winter came and the black bear went missing .
tr	I	He held on to me tighter but I started to get up while I said it so he could catch up to Dylan .
tr	O	Some are busy making trouble , and some are busy making peace .
tr	O	I tried to push them away , but it only meant they cut deeper .
tr	O	Stony Point Campground was just outside town and as they approached , Ice anxiously eyeballed a dark green Jeep standing in the back of the parking area .
tr	O	It kind of feels like it might be , but I 'll have to think about this more later .
tr	O	Right now Chloe 's ring remains safely on the right , but I know it won 't stay there for very long .
tr	I	It involved silence , but I wasn 't sure what it was .
tr	I	After a great deal of dramatic sighing , he reluctantly put on his own clothes too , and I answered him with a warning look .
tr	O	We all get it , but I had no idea what to expect for someone who only half changed .
tr	I	Yet I 'd found him and there was no reason for me to have known he 'd return there .
tr	O	Slapping her would give me so much satisfaction , and I 'm pretty sure I wouldn 't regret it one bit .
tr	O	That 's why you didn 't tell me what you knew about John , and it 's why you didn 't tell me about the baby .
tr	I	It 's getting better , but I 'm still miles away from being able to sit down to a quiet family dinner with him .
tr	O	He hit her again and she went straight down to the floor .
tr	O	It made no sense to me , but then , that was the point .
tr	I	Here it was nonetheless , but Raja had expected it to be gone with the resolution to the case .
tr	I	I can 't quite get there , but I 'm trying to force the irritation out of my tone .
tr	O	Kevin looks to be just a little older than I am , but we don 't say much as he drives us to Sumpter .
tr	I	Something huge had sprung up between us but we were still standing just a few feet apart .
tr	O	Soldiers were standing , helping wounded move across the field , but the Red Caps were still figures lying across the grass .
tr	I	Behind her , she heard laughter -- laughter in name only , but Claire had thought it was a private conversation .
tr	I	The blue was the sky and I surmised I must be outside .
tr	O	Logan knocks his fist into mine , and for the first time in days , we feel like family again .
tr	O	I should really give myself the break I should deserve but I can 't .
tr	O	He tried to imagine how she would look , but all he could see was a laughing face , dominated by a pair of magnificent aquamarine eyes .
tr	I	I lashed out blindly with a frantic fist and naturally my assumption was for the worst .
tr	O	He deserved to be deceived , and her conscience would be clear .
tr	O	My heart leapt , and a hope I hadn 't felt in ages filled me anew .
tr	O	I was no expert on kidnapping , but these guys appeared to be careful .
tr	I	She stretched on her tiptoes and Light shone beyond her reach .
tr	I	I knew what my wish was immediately , and a shooting star flared across the sky .
tr	I	Its colors fell upon the back of his white uniform , dyeing it a brilliant maroon , and he was backlit by the study 's window .
tr	I	They wanted you safe , too , and I told everyone here about you .
tr	I	She knew she would never leave if she started crying , and his face splintered into shimmery prisms .
tr	I	That was probably for the better , and I doubted even her parents knew .
tr	O	You 're a good man , but justice has to be served .
tr	O	They didn 't know what Clementine wanted with him any more than I did , but we all knew it couldn 't be anything good .
tr	I	She knew Nana wouldn 't appreciate the humor , but part of her wanted to ask how many touchdowns had been scored .
tr	I	Yet she couldn 't find the room to rebel at the notion , and his determination warned her that he was going to get his way .
tr	I	It isn 't something to write home about , but I don 't have the worst voice in the world .
tr	I	His frown slowly morphed into a bashful smile , and Tyler thought for a moment .
tr	O	If only the past could be that easy to clean away , but she knew otherwise .
tr	I	Physically I felt all right , but I was still drizzling tears .
tr	I	Breeze looked relieved , and the crewmembers nodded .
tr	I	High school would be over and it wouldn 't be long .
tr	I	I pushed his hand away , refusing his kindness , but he tried to hand me a cup of water .
tr	I	I was completely taken by her by the end of the song and she even sung harmony with me for the chorus .
tr	I	It disintegrated before me and I rammed the blade through its owner 's chest .
tr	I	He caught it , and she barely twitched .
tr	I	Vance took her hand and she stretched her arm across the table .
tr	I	I don 't have the facilities , but maybe in one of the better hospitals on a central world they could cure this .
tr	I	Knocked on the double doors and harding slung his coat over his shoulder .
tr	I	He had turned away from it and he had tasted her blood .
tr	O	His eyes flit , and then he nods .
tr	I	He did have a lot of respect for this employee , but he shouldn 't even be listening to this .
tr	O	The black spears instantly disintegrated , and nothing remained where Baal had once stood .
tr	O	Answers implied questions , and questions never got anyone anywhere .
tr	O	I didn 't know what game she was playing , but I knew this wasn 't the end of the story .
tr	I	It 's hard to get to the water at times , and the rivers run through deep canyons .
tr	I	Bodies collapsed , and heads flew .
tr	I	The weight of the bill ensured he 'd never forget the place , and Renton had taken the suggestion from Adams .
tr	I	Somehow Derek was sneaking closer and it felt like Lucas was pulling away .
tr	I	They both needed the money , and Romano needed an outlet for his raw product .
tr	O	Hunters who allowed emotion to overrule reason were doomed to failure and he couldn 't fail in this .
tr	O	There were a staircase leading lower in the far corner , and my mind went to it first .
tr	O	Father murmured some platitudes about destiny , but I wasn 't really listening to him .
tr	O	Pigeon set a few more kibbles on the floor , and the cat ate them .
tr	O	He tried to shake off the dull pain in his mind but when he shook his head , it made the world spin around .
tr	O	The lie came easily and I felt ashamed .
tr	I	He 'd learned something important , but that had been a close call .
tr	I	She motioned for me to sit in the other and the fortune teller sat in one of the chairs .
tr	I	I shrink away but he leans in to touch me .
tr	O	Being in charge meant that you had to be professional around your employees at all times , but Bram had never gotten that memo .
tr	O	Her muscles slowly relaxed under the warm water and she closed her eyes .
tr	I	She couldn 't think past the next wave of pain , and it was excruciating .
tr	I	All she saw was the tapestry that concealed the tomb , but Celaena looked to her right .
tr	I	I 'd come to think of him as that way , but Vic wasn 't alive , not exactly .
tr	I	It fit , but she wasn 't sure what fanciful person suggested that name .
tr	O	Most of them looked away just as quickly , but Clary sensed the fascination in their stares .
tr	I	Her name was on my charts , but I never met my mother , of course .
tr	I	Brent led the girls down to the patio , carrying two pitchers , and the screen on the deck slid open .
tr	O	He had never been in the habit of sharing more than the surface details about himself with anyone and he wasn 't inclined to do so now .
tr	O	He hesitated , his eyes watering with emotion , and Elena fixed him with her gaze .
tr	O	Andrea had to let go of the nurse , but Dylan moved to block the nurse 's retreat .
tr	O	Abigail ran around the pile of dust and together they rushed to the white stone .
tr	I	Jake touched my hand to stop me but I started to pull out my phone .
tr	O	She didn 't know the date , but at least the location was good .
tr	I	There were streaks of grey through his very full beard and he had a red face framed by dark hair .
tr	I	Daniel began to feel better and chapter 26 The days passed .
tr	I	It would have helped to catch Zeus unaware , but Surprise was not an integral part of this .
tr	I	Go figure , someone is still locked in there now , and one room was impossible .
tr	O	His mouth was too cold to yell and his hands too cold to move .
tr	I	I realized that we could have the same fate and we passed a smoking , twisted tangle of a car wreck .
tr	O	Daemon tugged me forward , and I went .
tr	I	The other was headed straight toward the Wandering Wench , and one boat headed aft , towards where The Crow was anchored .
tr	O	My face twisted in confusion , but before I could speak , Sara said , ' I truly don 't understand why she left , Evan .
tr	I	He placed a hand behind my back , tearing the laced corset too , but I recoiled from him .
tr	I	He moved in and his eerily green eyes stayed trained on mine , at least until his tangled lashes dropped .
tr	O	There was a large sink and Steven had recently purchased a new stove .
tr	O	Sulley stepped toward me to insist , but Will stepped up between us .
tr	O	It 's too light , and nothing heavy moves inside .
tr	I	Jax pulled her close , driving his c * ck straight into her throat , and she took him back into her mouth .
tr	O	Jake was now perching himself on a camera stool , but giving his visitor his full attention .
tr	I	He was sitting facing me , also on the bed and I was sitting propped up on the bed .
tr	I	This could be of our advantage , but I should be disgusted with you .
tr	I	His whistling approached the bay of stalls , but she prayed he crossed to the urinal .
tr	O	The Sheriff groaned beside him , and there Toby had his idea .
tr	O	My blonde hair is arranged in a loose chignon , and the warm spring night doesn 't even require me to wear a jacket .
tr	I	It lit up the room , but the light did not burn .
tr	O	In the morning the elves would be gone and the cobbler would find a fine pair of shoes ready to be sold .
tr	I	She sat reluctantly back down , and Lizzie looked away from the old man towards Lucas , who nodded .
tr	I	She would be on her way to total devotion and it would take just a small brush of power over her thoughts .
tr	O	Next to Stacy , I 'm not much , but if I 'm standing a good distance away from her , I 'm not bad .
tr	O	She wasn 't saying quite what she wanted to say , and at first she couldn 't figure out why .
tr	I	You can no longer live , but so , I 'm sorry .
tr	O	Swimming in the heated pool had been excruciatingly wonderful , but for the sake of his sanity , he was going to take a shower .
tr	I	The most talked about girl in school had to be interesting and being head cheerleader .
tr	O	Iona liked it too , and she really shouldn 't .
tr	O	I can 't recall her name , but I can see her face .
tr	I	I will , however grim the truth may be and I said that I 'd tell you everything .
tr	O	Kaitlyn had only met Nadiya once , but once was enough .
tr	O	The cattle are restless and last night we lost several to the bloodsuckers .
tr	I	Together they would devise a plan to eliminate William Winkler and he 'd be meeting with his contact soon .
tr	I	Quinn was working on it , but they still hadn 't figured out how to leave the grounds without being caught .
tr	I	She could see the gaping chest wound and the blood on his shirt had dried .
tr	I	I shape it chip by chip into a form that suits me , and the populace is my stone .
tr	I	I needed the time to finish the cage and he was having her bottom tarred .
tr	O	There might have been a hint of a smile there , but it was more a look of satisfaction than anything else .
tr	O	He caught it , but it was too late .
tr	I	I don 't care but I 've earned a small audience by now .
tr	O	She wanted to know the man inside the gorgeous body , and that frightened her .
tr	I	I found myself fearing his anger and he was glaring at me .
tr	I	I was pretty sure he was trying to lessen my pain , but I wasn 't sure if he was telling me the truth .
tr	O	It knocked the Thin Man 's blade aside , and the faery drew back in astonishment .
tr	O	He 'd instinctively put both hands on the wheel , and in doing so , he 'd stopped touching Rory .
tr	I	She would often direct that rage at us , and the insanity turned into rage .
tr	I	Knowing for sure rocked me but I 'd been suspicious .
tr	I	Everyone turned to see what he was looking at , and he began backing up .
tr	O	I didn 't even know that was possible in the dreaming , but I guess the mind could only take so much .
tr	I	I don 't know what it means , but I think the blurry part is important .
tr	I	He rested his chin atop her head and Keeley lay her cheek against his chest .
tr	O	I 'd never been to the shop , but brides of any claim to prominence in the area made a point of shopping there .
tr	I	We all turned around to face the man walking toward us , and he pointed over my shoulder .
tr	O	It was on the tip of her tongue to hurriedly deny any such thing , but she wasn 't going to lie .
tr	I	I nodded , and as far as theories went , it wasn 't a bad one .
tr	I	They were police all right , but they were out of uniform .
tr	I	The inclusion of Sheen 's name made the question seem more flirtatious than serious , but Jimmy was a little nervous .
tr	O	He smiled , but in his eyes she saw only regret .
tr	O	The castle was similar to the other governors ' homes , yet it lacked some of the opulence .
tr	O	Hunter gave an awkward shrug , and a second later , he was standing on the floor , looking as cuddly as a pit bull .
tr	O	It was them , and it was her .
tr	I	I helped her to get it , and this is exactly what she wanted .
tr	O	Jason looked up , and it was eerie , seeing eyes exactly like Eve 's in such a different face , simmering with anger .
tr	I	Her hand was cool , and the skin felt fragile .
tr	O	I avoided the break room all day and after work I left by way of the rear entrance .
tr	O	I pick up my pack and sling it over my shoulder .
tr	O	The afternoon sun had set but the heat was not waning in the least .
tr	O	I needed your help , and I kept you with me the only way I could .
tr	I	His shoulders sagged , but the clenching in his jaw stopped .
tr	I	She wasn 't moving , but she was alive .
tr	I	He surrendered , sinking into her kiss , and his breath shuddered out .
tr	O	When the throng settled at last , she opened her eyes - and they reflected him , before gradually clearing .
tr	I	The last thing you want to do is piss him off , and Henry doesn 't react well to people messing around like that .
tr	O	He wasn 't picking up all of it but whatever it was , it was nasty .
tr	O	He needed help , and she had to make him believe she could help him , until help arrived .
tr	O	Her veins needed to pump blood , but he found no pulse .
tr	I	Katie became much lighter , and Jeanine began to rise .
tr	O	It looked like it worked , but he couldn 't tell just from looking .
tr	O	I scanned the grounds , but everything appeared quiet .
tr	O	You are worth holding onto forever , and I won 't throw this away .
tr	O	This is our home and you are my brother .
tr	O	She professed to love them , but they made her cry .
tr	I	It seemed her hair had grown another two inches since the last time I saw her , and she pulled off her cap .
tr	O	We follow a different route most of the way , but the chambers we pass through are much the same .
tr	O	The girl with red hair flicked a glance at her , and the malicious pleasure came back .
tr	O	It took him a few seconds to answer , but eventually he managed another word .
tr	O	The world of fashion was cutthroat and you had to want it more than you wanted anything else .
tr	I	I guess it 'll do , but it 's not the most romantic way I 've pictured him kissing me .
tr	I	His eyes fluttered open and David groaned in pain .
tr	I	Chaz played into them with tantalizing care , and Pregnancy had heightened her senses .
tr	I	Then an idea came to me , but the lack of answers was frustrating .
tr	I	The message was clear , but she didn 't exactly hear a voice .
tr	O	This level was much tougher and he wanted to build up their reflexes .
tr	O	He carried them out to the car and she headed to the Forest Arms Motel .
tr	I	I shook my head and Victor looked at me .
tr	I	The expression in them felt like a knife twisting between her ribs , and his eyes met hers .
tr	I	I took this chance , stumbling across to get it and Scar 's arms loosened around me .
tr	O	She darts her gaze to meet mine and I see the determination in her eyes .
tr	O	I probably wasn 't going to like the sound of that either , but I had to hear it , just to put my mind at rest .
tr	I	I can 't stop it but I 'm about to ruin everything .
tr	O	Racer was in full flight , and he was in a panic .
tr	O	As we scrambled forward , another crash echoed through the hall , and a shimmering fog seeped into the palace .
tr	I	They were there , but they were thinner .
tr	I	He could not determine where exactly but it was coming from the trees .
tr	O	The room was lined with shelves filled with books , and maps covered the wooden walls .
tr	I	When she came close enough , he tugged her into his lap , and Hugh chuckled .
tr	O	It was after four now , and the sun still blazed overhead .
tr	I	She couldn 't stop itching and large red welts covered her body .
tr	O	They both looked at him , and then Leah cleared her throat .
tr	I	His manner was decidedly shifty , and today the eyes seemed shifty .
tr	I	They looked completely blanked as she stared at them , yet her bright blue eyes had so much to tell .
tr	I	There were plenty of people who could take care of her , but sure she needed him .
tr	I	That obviously wasn 't enough , but she knew the mechanics .
tr	I	He guessed she might 've said more if Kate hadn 't been in the car , but Jane left it at that .
tr	O	His daughter would never know her father and his love would carry the burning hate she must feel for him to her grave .
tr	I	Daniel couldn 't move , but every instinct told him to run .
tr	O	If I left it any longer I would bottle out and Ryan would be able to hurt her all over again .
tr	I	He couldn 't make out any details , but at this distance , he could make out the moving shapes of the crew .
tr	I	The parking lot was usually empty and neither business had attracted large volumes of customers .
tr	O	Mary Ann 's mouth opened in surprise , but Louise laughed .
tr	O	I stared studiously at my coffee for what seemed like an age , but when I looked up , he was not even looking my way .
tr	O	Francesco had made good on his promise , and all of Andy 's bills were covered .
tr	I	It wasn 't heavy , but it was a thick scent .
tr	O	The song is still here , always here , but softens as my skin opens to the sunlight .
tr	I	The custom seat felt like heaven and his body was stiff from the beating his lower limbs had taken during the walk .
tr	I	You bring in a lot of customers with a lot of money , and I know this business .
tr	O	The first truly adventurous thing I do in my entire life , and it 's because of a boy .
tr	I	His words were clear , but his voice was hoarse .
tr	I	Not meaning any sarcasm and said Gwendolen , speaking from the lip , .
tr	I	I suddenly understood just how sneaky my father really was , and the pieces fell together in my head .
tr	I	I wondered where his clothes were , and he looked cold , of course .
tr	I	He knew it , and we were vulnerable .
tr	O	Travis 's grip on her arms loosened and when he set her aside , she could see there was still fire in his eyes .
tr	O	Skyla comes over , and I hand her the holy grail of all things Bishop , the diary .
tr	I	Both of Lorraine 's maternal grandparents had died in the early eighties , but Virginia 's parents had helped financially for many years .
tr	O	We will get a conviction , and beyond a shadow of a doubt we 've got the right person this time .
tr	O	I don 't think she 's joking at all , but it 's probably best that my sister is clueless .
tr	O	There is also the fact that he has a girlfriend , and this makes me uncomfortable -- even for a fake date .
tr	I	I could feel Denny 's gaze burning into me , but I may have pulled my gaze from him .
tr	I	I want to know about it , and there 's a world out there .
tr	O	I look around the tiny cottage and for the first time , it seems enormous in its solitude .
tr	O	Her body slid to the floor and he stood up , eyeing McCall cautiously .
tr	O	His eyes were on something other than me , but I caught the slightest glimpse of a half smile as he shook his head .
tr	O	I reckon this planet only gets one more shot at it , and that 's all .
tr	I	I haven 't laid a finger on her , and just the thought of her makes me grin .
tr	I	Then she remembered , and Kylie rolled a few things around her already confused mind .
tr	O	I jumped out of the car and the smell hit immediately .
tr	O	I would heal , but down here it wouldn 't be fast enough .
tr	O	They 'd even been intimate for a while now but still , a deeper connection was missing .
tr	O	It would take the officers a little while to get here , but he knew they were closing in .
tr	O	William remembers her , and it saddens him .
tr	I	The scientists had ordered them to be and Jonesy wasn 't fully suited as Ryan .
tr	O	He lifts me again and we all go outside .
tr	I	It felt like an eternity for her and he observed her a couple of minutes .
tr	O	I went to the kitchen to get a plate , and Arlene followed , her eyes going to every corner .
tr	O	He closed his eyes again , but he could feel Alena still watching him .
tr	I	She prepares to do battle with whatever comes , and the mother knows something is about to happen .
tr	O	She just looked too cute and she was so embarrassed by the thought of a sexual liaison with him that he had to laugh .
tr	I	Now she hesitated , but Rebecca had been about to shoot .
tr	I	Then the spirit stood before me , and the momentary cold descended upon us .
tr	O	She slammed into him and he staggered backward , fetching up hard against the edge of the counter .
tr	I	I was determined to do whatever I needed to prove that to her and we belonged together .
tr	I	My own was doing a fair job at imitation , and I could feel her heart pounding in her chest .
tr	I	Simon felt the tension in him , but the earl maintained his leisurely pose .
tr	I	It melted to the ground and I tapped my staff on the lock holding their chains .
tr	I	She was rapidly escorted away by two of the Africans from the Island but they tried to surround the bent over figure of Doctor Owerri .
tr	I	She nodded and I repeated .
tr	I	I do , but I know you don 't think that I understand .
tr	O	Then two more were on them and the humans were giving them a fight .
tr	I	I 'm late , and classes are starting .
tr	O	I twist my arms trying to get away without laughing and my foot stomps down on the floor .
tr	O	I trailed my fingers along the side of his face , and he pulled me closer .
tr	O	He might even decide to tell you , but that 's up to Him .
tr	I	She couldn 't bring herself to speak , but she nodded .
tr	I	The head came apart and he fired .
tr	I	She would sooner drink the rain that was beginning to fall outside , but a tall glass of water was sitting beside the sandwich .
tr	O	I asked him what he saw out in the field , and he never said .
tr	O	The door opened and a withered old prune of a woman walking with two sticks peered out at Becky .
tr	I	Attending a charity event gives her the warm fuzzies , and she likes to get all dressed up .
tr	I	They don 't want me , but now it 's taking off .
tr	I	That is the end of our conversation and she never explains further .
tr	I	He yanked his mouth away from his prey , and the cry reached him , so very faint .
tr	O	Lost in the eyes and now I 'm gone .
tr	O	I 'll want to have a scan of it tomorrow but he needs rest tonight .
tr	I	The look quickly mildewed into threatening , but the others looked at her now with frightened eyes .
tr	O	At least I think someone whispered , but I couldn 't be absolutely sure .
tr	O	He favored her with another warm smile , and I swore she almost melted into syrup on the floor .
tr	I	That 's why she died and she had problems with drugs .
tr	O	Her nostrils began to flare out and her face turned a slightly brighter shade of red .
tr	O	She hadn 't meant to do so , but she found herself helpless to prevent it .
tr	O	It was night and the town lay dark beneath him , paved streets glowing softly under the starlight .
tr	O	I jerk in my seat , aware no one else heard him say this , but feeling like a huge spotlight has been thrown on me nonetheless .
tr	O	The sign flickered with a little electric buzz , and Greta realized it was Simon .
tr	O	The mall closed two hours earlier and there were only a few other cars in the lot .
tr	I	The water cooled and the brazier burned .
tr	I	She began to cough , pressing the back of her hand to her mouth , and it burned , though .
tr	O	We pulled up to my house and he sat there , quiet still .
tr	I	The Prince thought for a brief moment that the world was ending , and boulders crashed down from the sky above them .
tr	I	Now they would live , but these people had expected to die .
tr	O	Owen spoke to me , but I could only vaguely hear him over my anger .
tr	I	It was really just beginning , but it already felt like a long day .
tr	O	He grinned at me as he licked his lips , and I found my fist crashing down into his face again .
tr	I	She loved it , but I never saw the appeal .
tr	O	It was a werewolf in human form , and the anger coming ahead of him was intense .
tr	O	He bit into his pizza and she did the same .
tr	O	She saw and tears rolled down her face as she wept .
tr	I	There was definitely something about this woman that she didn 't like , but this second brush off in a few days was amusing rather than hurtful .
tr	O	Eli dismounted , his muscles aching from hanging on so long , but it was worth it .
tr	O	My game was off and she was the reason for it .
tr	I	It 's very distinctive , and he doesn 't have a regional accent .
tr	I	Then you didn 't return his calls , and you practically forced Brandon Crawford to break up with Sienna at Homecoming .
tr	I	This is my choice , but maybe Scott shouldn 't have hit you .
tr	O	I want you to find out where the vampire is , and I want you to go after my son .
tr	I	Their gesture touched me , and they were obviously trying to cheer me up .
tr	O	We have a few tricks to help people like you , but you still need to work as hard as you can .
tr	I	His mother raced toward him and the front door flew open .
tr	O	She felt desire begin to stir once more , and she was shocked .
tr	O	I hesitated , but there wasn 't time for it .
tr	I	I did give him life that day he got hurt on the beach , but I might not be Sam 's biological father .
tr	I	He carried me in here and I guess I fell asleep on him last night .
tr	I	I wondered if that was why Hades ' guards had appeared , and the group of people traveling along the road was heavily guarded .
tr	O	She wanted to be all kinds of judging , but she was the type of person to call a spade a spade .
tr	I	Eve deepened her smile , and Bea gritted her teeth .
tr	I	A gloating , happy smile curved up the corners of his mouth , and his gaze rested on the strained buttons of her coat .
tr	O	She puts her fingers through the chicken wire , and he struggles to move a little in her direction .
tr	I	I didn 't give myself the chance to second-guess it , but my eyes widened .
tr	I	He shook it aside , but for a moment , he was sorely tempted to open the link between them .
tr	I	I accidentally knock down the block tower Eros has created instead , but I try to move closer , as close to him as possible .
tr	O	Turns out the mayor was indeed Michele 's daddy and she had came to town to shake him down .
tr	O	I decided then and there I would never get drunk again .
tr	O	I knew I should get ready for the quiz tomorrow , but I didn 't want to give up time with Finn .
tr	I	She opened her eyes , watching the sliver of light under the door and something scraped across the floor outside her room .
tr	O	Still he did not see this , and he climbed down full of despair .
tr	O	The telephone rang and Amber jumped .
tr	I	Somehow she 'd known , despite having no children herself , and no teenager could resist a feature like that .
tr	O	Siri strode with them , train rustling behind her , and the other women stayed behind .
tr	I	I scrambled off Nic as if I were fifteen years old instead of twenty-nine , and Edward slammed the door .
tr	O	Princess started to lay down on her back in a submissive posture and they started to play like they were puppies again .
tr	O	First days always gave me a queasy stomach , and I didn 't want to tempt fate .
tr	I	He 'd done only what he wanted ... Yet tilt your head , offer your neck .
tr	I	The bond was there just the same but he hadn 't known Evy for long .
tr	O	Chapter Three One cool autumn night another incident occurred , only mildly , but nevertheless Toni knew it was another experience that she 'd never forget .
tr	I	It also made him vaguely uneasy , but Gray was grateful for the covert support .
tr	O	He hadn 't shaved and he didn 't look like he had slept any more than I had .
tr	O	Mathew didn 't understand , but Steven who had heard stories of people taking buses West , knew exactly what she meant .
tr	O	All three outer walls were made of glass , and the ceiling was angled , allowing for an uninterrupted view of the sky .
tr	O	His eyes fell to see what had caught her attention , and he almost cried out in shock .
tr	O	The question had made them all laugh harder , and Lauren most of all .
tr	O	Glen unzips my bag but he doesn 't take me out of it like Winkler does .
tr	I	She clamped her mouth shut , but when hell freezes over came to mind .
tr	O	Desire ached in me , alongside a bleak loneliness , and ever fiber of my being screamed for his touch .
tr	O	It wasn 't as simple as just pouring more power into the spell , but it was fairly simple .
tr	I	I took the phone and my heart stilled .
tr	O	He spins me and now my back is to the brick .
tr	O	Suddenly Mada stopped , and he started choking .
tr	I	She tumbled to the floor and her hands grabbed empty air .
tr	O	Her lips parted , but nothing came out .
tr	I	This time the view was from the back , but Ada 's ghost glided down the corridor ahead of her - still two-dimensional .
tr	I	She didn 't look down at it , but Rena 's phone vibrated in her hand .
tr	O	The sun was not bright enough for him to move away from the glass yet , but it would be soon .
tr	O	The house music thumped in time with my heartbeat , and I began to feel lightheaded .
tr	I	She began to work on the lock and the top of the sunken safe illuminated .
tr	I	The girl behind her wasn 't as quick to move , but Lea side-stepped quickly , narrowly avoiding him .
tr	O	Until last night , he had made little progress in his war against me , but last night there came a breaking .
tr	O	We 've been monitoring enemy transmissions , and they 're discussing a fallback , as the tunnel war isn 't going well .
tr	O	The men gasped , and James Silver stared aloft .
tr	O	I exist as what I am and you , born as a human , exist as who you are .
tr	O	He 'd just come out of the shower and he was drying his smooth , wet legs .
tr	O	He whispered he was just going to his room for a little bit and he would be right back .
tr	I	She quickly found herself holding a bleeding finger , and so great was her excitement that she forgot about the danger .
tr	I	It wouldn 't change anything and Sebastian could say the same .
tr	O	We can 't leave them here , and we can 't leave them together .
tr	I	I shook my head as more tears fell down my face and he removed the tape from my left hand .
tr	O	They confiscated all our hardware before we boarded , and we haven 't seen any of it since .
tr	I	Surely he felt a little intelligent fear , but he did not stop .
tr	I	I stared at the bruise and I rolled my sleeve up some more .
tr	O	The ratings came to him first , and then he announced them to the employees .
tr	O	Luke laughed and I groaned .
tr	O	I hadn 't meant to snap at Haruki , but I wasn 't the expert on detecting Luna .
tr	O	Alexander remained silent , not prodding her , but Olivia knew he wanted an explanation .
tr	I	We assumed we would have to fight the Sioux in the west , and we were always fighting the Iroquois in the East .
tr	I	He hadn 't yet taken off his holster with his gun , and he was still wearing his uniform .
tr	I	She hadn 't looked at me even once , and we hadn 't spoken since that day in the water .
tr	I	The angels were unable to eradicate demons from the world , but Heaven won the war .
tr	O	He could pick almost any single woman in the world and she would drop at his feet to be with him .
tr	O	The enemy was calling to him , the command floating in the air , but she had successfully cut Brice off from the rest of the world .
tr	O	I don 't know when , but my heart tells me that we will be together for the rest of our lives .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure how I 'd be able to pull my backpack off Noah 's shoulder , but I knew I should probably head home .
tr	I	Still their whispers were loud enough to reach the wealthy old lady , but they spoke quietly .
tr	O	She patted the space beside her , and Jenna sat down too .
tr	I	In the silence she stood before him , wondering what she was supposed to do next , and she nodded .
tr	O	The thousand years of his life sat on him heavily , and for a second I saw every one of them .
tr	I	I didn 't need much else and my skin was brown from the sun now .
tr	O	How he was able to keep the Essence against her will evaded me , and I knew that the answer would not be pleasant .
tr	I	Everyone else took that as a sign to walk away and he fell to the ground .
tr	O	The cold wrapped around her suddenly , and she shivered in the light jacket .
tr	O	She 'd wandered into them of her own accord , and I wasn 't sure I could ever let her wander out .
tr	I	They both sat up straighter and he gave Nick a barely perceptible nod .
tr	O	I have to get back , but this is so much fun .
tr	I	There will always be war , and there will always be battles .
tr	I	When I turn to him , I am smiling , and that isn 't what is important anyway .
tr	O	They were so incredible and we had no idea !
tr	I	Her knees folded under her and her head snapped back .
tr	I	He could think no more and he watched her until his body struck the top of the coffin , when his vision failed .
tr	I	The flow was always identical , but the topic was usually different .
tr	I	Soon both bowls were empty , and Everything was as delicious as it smelled .
tr	O	I wish I could be more help Andrew , but right now all I can see if I interfere at this juncture is disaster .
tr	I	He was certainly never late and he never missed a meeting .
tr	I	She couldn 't stop him , but Grace heard the rending of fabric .
tr	I	They smothered giggles , and I glared at the two of them .
tr	I	You decided to stay with us but you had a chance to leave .
tr	O	I connected with the man 's shoulder and he fell away , blood spouting .
tr	I	He came to stop me and I told Tim about it .
tr	I	I listened with my ear cocked and my heart stopped .
tr	I	I snatched up the receiver , managing to not break the pattern of my pacing and the phone rang .
tr	I	It was much bigger than the rest of them and there was one male puppy that was completely black .
tr	I	Things would be a lot different from now on and she 'd turned a new leaf .
tr	I	That could just be her paranoia , but Antonia suspected he was trapping her .
tr	O	Things would just appear in my fridge that I didn 't buy , and she would plead innocence .
tr	I	I pull my hand away and my head buzzes with confusion .
tr	O	McCormick 's hands curled into fists and he stepped right up to Joe .
tr	O	Gage has taken my silence to mean that I 'm indifferent and he turns on his heels to walk away .
tr	O	The mage couldn 't see us , but we couldn 't see him either .
tr	I	He went directly to the driver 's door on his van and the elevator doors opened .
tr	I	The muscles in his neck began to bulge and the show director 's voice rose with every word .
tr	I	He was very jealous , and he had a thing for Britney .
tr	I	Then I saw that it was Stanton 's number , but I almost hoped Alicia had more to tell me .
tr	I	He deemed himself strong , and therefore he gathered to himself spirits out of the halls of Ea that he had perverted to his service .
tr	O	He had picked locks on occasion , but he 'd always locked them again behind him .
tr	I	It was starting to dry in waves and her blonde hair was still wet .
tr	O	My cel phone buzzed and I answered .
tr	I	They grew louder until they eclipsed all other sounds , but the voices were distant .
tr	O	I had to threaten him with violence , and I do not want to tell you about what I had to do .
tr	I	I couldn 't think what , but it reminded me of something .
tr	I	I 'm sorry you don 't want me to , and I 'm sorry that I have to do this .
tr	I	That once he left , their short-lived relationship would meet its end , and she would no longer be his pupil .
tr	I	Those around me said it should have been , but it was not an honor .
tr	O	Elizabeth had been in the habit of overrunning her budget and she wouldn 't tell anyone what she was up to .
tr	O	The air rushes out of my lungs , and I scratch the stubble on my chin to hide the horror .
tr	O	Protecting those little boys wasn 't the only reason she 'd been born , but it was certainly one of the important ones .
tr	O	It felt like leaving wasn 't the right thing , yet I couldn 't figure out what else to do .
tr	O	A toilet flushed and Powell came hurrying into the living room , zipping his pants .
tr	I	I could see its truth , but I hadn 't thought that through .
tr	O	His tears fell harder and he snapped the phone closed .
tr	O	Her head turns towards me , and I shove my tongue into her mouth while pushing her fingers inside her pussy .
tr	I	I lay there still as a rock in anticipation , and I felt his face between my legs .
tr	O	It was close to ten , and he 'd been at my house since I 'd gotten home from practice .
tr	O	Terra began to sob and he scooped her up into his arms , holding her against him as he strode forward .
tr	O	He 'd been to her house that one night , just that once , and it 'd been the sweetest , most romantic night of her life .
tr	O	Just then the office doors swung wide and Charming burst through .
tr	O	Feel free to use it , but please do not waste it .
tr	I	I had to resist the urge to dart back into the action , and Hatred flared in my chest .
tr	O	I felt like a loser admitting it , but it was after one .
tr	I	He did scream when his arm was broken in an attempt to cuff him but he didn 't resist .
tr	O	He wanted to protest but her cute pout seduced him .
tr	I	It sounded like there was more than one set and I could hear some feet shuffling outside the car .
tr	O	I turn to ask him a question , and he jerks his face away from the proximity to mine .
tr	I	One thing 's for sure , but I don 't know much about him yet .
tr	I	She rose early to make her preparations , and it was still raining the next morning .
tr	O	He was calling to check on Amanda and I said her bruises were almost gone .
tr	I	Her awareness of Jake was uppermost , but she tried them all , wanting to experience everything about tonight .
tr	I	That wouldn 't keep him here , but he didn 't seem particularly happy about it , either .
tr	I	I 'll see what else I can get you and let me talk it out .
tr	O	Eric observed this with the air of one taking notes , and Pam sneered openly .
tr	O	His eyes were wide with pain , and I took his hands into mine .
tr	O	Her eyes were dead , hopeless , but she was herself .
tr	O	It was already dark , and the wind was gusting hard .
tr	I	She feebly tries to raise her head and I support her neck under my arm .
tr	O	The swishing of branches fell silent but the thundering ground continued without faltering .
tr	I	A whimpering human was pushed inside , and the door open .
tr	I	The translation got lost , but I could tell there was supposed to be meaning in his words .
tr	O	Dane held out his hand and Drew gripped it thankfully .
tr	O	I touched a body , and it were wet with blood .
tr	I	That question had bothered me for a very long time , but I could still skip away .
tr	O	Both felt confident that the offense could pass at will , but they preferred to save something for Bergamo .
tr	O	My jeans were still soaking , but they 'd have to wait .
tr	I	He knew it , and he had me .
tr	I	He shifted under her assessing gaze and Penny narrowed her stare at him .
tr	I	I needed to remember that and she was the real mastermind .
tr	O	He touched me in places , asking if it hurt , and then gave me the look as if he didn 't believe me .
tr	O	He reached out for her hand and she placed her palm in his .
tr	O	Julian looked at his hands and Mia watched them as well .
tr	O	It was a lie , but she wasn 't quite ready to be , you know , blunt .
tr	I	He caught her arm , and she turned to leave .
tr	I	It was late , and I glanced at the clock .
tr	O	She broke the engagement , and she asked you very politely to stay away from her .
tr	O	You didn 't leave me a number , and you didn 't call .
tr	O	He held out his arms , and she stepped into his embrace .
tr	O	Love was really a happy thing but he made that a sad one .
tr	O	A voice beckoned to her , but she couldn 't make out the words .
tr	I	Sugar didn 't think this was true , but those quizzes assumed that if people were brave in one situation , they 'd be brave in another .
tr	I	He crosses the space between us , stepping right over the fire as he heads toward me and he ignores her when she calls his name .
tr	O	Crassus 's expression remained calm , but his voice sounded ragged .
tr	O	She returns the wave , smiles , and then they 're gone .
tr	I	Another if something went wrong , and one to say it was completed successfully .
tr	I	A chest sits beside it , and a bed is pushed against a far wall of the room .
tr	I	Suddenly we 're flying towards the ring of fire as fast as we can and instead he reverses direction .
tr	O	THE CABIN HAD BEEN quiet for more than a hour , and Chrissie was convinced Scott had gone to sleep .
tr	O	She heard the tension in his voice , and she tried to remain perfectly calm .
tr	O	He did not recover consciousness and Joseph was not surprised when he saw the terrible blows the man 's head had received .
tr	I	It had a wide bed of fine , yellow sand , but the water was only about thirty feet across .
tr	I	Julia crept toward the window , and Cassie darted down the hall .
tr	O	He ´ s the first sign of life and he ´ s greatly appreciated .
tr	O	Juarez looked away at the same time I did , and I knew we 'd both reached the same conclusion .
tr	I	We were still the only people in the library , but she glanced around as if someone might be listening .
tr	I	My hair is falling flat , and my make-up is melting off .
tr	I	I happened to go along with him to one of his auditions and a buddy of mine was a theater major .
tr	I	It made me uneasy to think of Freaks gathering , and patrols went out to keep our territory clear .
tr	I	The moonlight showed the horror on her face , and she stood , staring up at him , her chest heaving .
tr	O	She smiled a little then , and something warm began to unfurl in his chest .
tr	I	Money is money , but I had come dangerously close to moving my hand up .
tr	O	The image of that man would forever be branded to my memories , but this man ... this man wasn 't what I remembered exactly .
tr	O	She usually required little , but she realized that she had nothing in the house suitable to offer guests .
tr	O	Everybody decorates for Christmas , but that 's about it .
tr	I	She listen still half-heartedly and the men continued with the conversation .
tr	O	Margie looked him straight in the eyes and Lydia held her breath .
tr	I	Gregori instantly dipped down to taste it with his tongue , and a small dot of red clung to the corner of her mouth .
tr	I	She thought it possible her journey had been in vain , and he was silent for quite some time .
tr	O	Something about the way he smelled was strange , but she couldn 't place exactly what it was .
tr	I	Catherine dismissed him with a smile and Serge was hovering in the hallway .
tr	I	Her stomach gave a little lurch , and the world spun .
tr	O	He waited , but nothing happened .
tr	O	He smiled happily , and they began .
tr	I	She smiled at him from her end of the table , and he shifted another look at Melinda .
tr	I	She needed to sugarcoat the truth , but Ava didn 't want to lie .
tr	I	Now her mouth had been transformed into a bleeding grin , and she had put on fresh lipstick before approaching .
tr	I	It was making me sick thinking about it and that really was out of character for her .
tr	I	I blushed and he winked at me .
tr	I	I remained silent , but they all laughed again .
tr	I	It was dark and she booked a late flight back to North Carolina .
tr	I	His smile didn 't hold any snarkiness and there were little crinkle lines at the corners of his eyes .
tr	O	Della hadn 't been thrilled about Martin checking her out but I 'd held her hand while he felt her ribs .
tr	I	Two of them put their guns down and that seemed to relax the guards somewhat .
tr	O	I should never have left my home and I 'll never find it again .
tr	O	Now the training had kicked in and I could see why he had progressed up the ladder so quickly .
tr	I	I was put into bed as soon as I was brought in doors and my side was once more sticky with blood .
tr	O	My hands go to his head and mine falls back .
tr	I	It was as if she had no control over her muscles , and her nerves tingled with desire .
tr	I	That meant the end of her classes for the day , and the class finished .
tr	I	The aisle was too narrow but I tried to push past him .
tr	O	She didn 't see him at first , but when she did , she backed away , shaking her head .
tr	O	She could almost feel it , but then again , she knew them both .
tr	I	I was , but it was dumb to be embarrassed in front of Catherine .
tr	O	I made my way to the door , and I was shocked when I caught sight of Romeo , Marcus ' younger cousin .
tr	O	Rachel had never had a fear of flying , but she 'd never set foot on a gangway without thinking about the possibility of a crash .
tr	I	He was going to be impaled by those spikes and he couldn 't see where he was going .
tr	I	She knew I was pissed , and I stared directly at her .
tr	O	My fortune was gone with my sunken cargo , and I had nothing , nothing to my name .
tr	O	He 'd demanded it of her and she deserved the same from him .
tr	O	She holds it out to him , but he doesn 't take it .
tr	I	Dennis thought he heard a touch of sarcasm in her tone , but maybe it was her accent .
tr	I	It seemed like a fit and she tried the name out .
tr	O	Amber interrupted , wanting to tell him she and King Bobby had resolved their issues .
tr	I	No one else seems surprised , but I glance around .
tr	O	She knew that voice because she 'd spoken to the warrior many times over the years and he 'd been to her home when Jeff was alive .
tr	I	Then he waits on line , and Danny waits by the entrance .
tr	I	It was impossible to say how long she would stay that way , but there was no flutter , so she really was unconscious .
tr	O	I told them that Kyle was nowhere to be found , but I did see what I thought was a human hand .
tr	I	In her heart , she shuddered , but Violet patted her sister 's arm .
tr	O	I didn 't answer and I want to linger on the bad thoughts that held me back .
tr	O	* * * * * Sam blissfully ate her fill of Jack 's dinner , and sat back as Will stuffed himself .
tr	I	He was too far gone to take it easy , but he pumped his pelvis a few times .
tr	O	She was talking but I heard not .
tr	O	They both waved and the headlights flashed .
tr	I	They affected her equally , yet the brothers moved so differently .
tr	O	The gloom unnerved him , but the quiet worried him most .
tr	I	I 'm sure she can , as well and I can hear the hopelessness in my voice .
tr	O	I didn 't receive many calls , but I answered anyway .
tr	O	He could do his acting , and she could get a job in a department store .
tr	O	The Italian Renaissance had been a beautiful thing , and I 'd been in awe watching the ingenuity of humans reawaken after the last few depressing centuries .
tr	O	Camden 's fists clenched and Javier saw that too .
tr	O	I knew how the media could be , of course , but I also knew that each article had at least some semblance of truth in it .
tr	O	I started to protest , but she cut me off .
tr	I	Trees choked the back of the house , and a patch of land had been cleared around the front .
tr	I	Chocolate milk comes out my nose and I snort .
tr	I	That doesn 't mean so much these days with all those dental installment plans , but you have fine teeth .
tr	I	It was enough to tell her that he had a conscience but it wasn 't more than a hairline crack in his demeanor .
tr	O	She looked sexy as ever , but there was a fragility to her that Dare had never noticed before he 'd slept with her .
tr	O	His head was completely bald , but his ashen body was covered by sparse black hairs so bristly that they almost looked like short quills .
tr	I	It is , and I mentally check to make sure that my wall is still intact .
tr	O	Everything pooled together , and we were just bodies , joined .
tr	I	She gave credit to the coffee in her hands , but she had a strange sense of warmth as she walked across the quad .
tr	O	She didn 't have much of a figure but the boys did notice her after that .
tr	O	Nick said , and his voice was deceptively calm .
tr	O	I hated myself for what I was about to say , but I so desperately wanted him to open up to me .
tr	O	I licked it again , and Walker closed his eyes .
tr	O	Now he 's in Thailand because smoke is better there -- at least so he says -- and he has tattoos on his chest .
tr	I	It had nothing to do with the costs and he was incredibly stubborn .
tr	I	Weapons ports formed a dotted line all way round the long oval vessels , and a command deck protruded from the top of each ship .
tr	I	I could tell she was breaking apart inside , but Emily pulled it together enough to fool Noah .
tr	O	She beamed , and her legs began swinging again .
tr	O	I was definitely finished with this conversation and I had homework to finish up before my next class .
tr	I	I bit down on my lip to keep from crying out , and my shoulder screamed in protest .
tr	O	A female clears her throat at the doorway , and Courtney walks into the room .
tr	I	The timing couldn 't be better since she needed a break from everything , and nothing to do for two whole days .
tr	I	Then I remembered what Brandon told me , but my heart blazed because she was right .
tr	I	She looked very tired , and Worry etched her brow .
tr	O	He raised the staff , and the carved wooden snakes looked unusually alive in the flat light .
tr	O	We just figure out what needs to be done and we do it for each other .
tr	O	We argued all the time , but I never said the words .
tr	O	I wanted to know what the hell was going on , but I forced myself to keep my mouth shut .
tr	O	Heavy stomping hooves caught her attention and she returned to the wooden fence .
tr	I	From there I have to take a ship , and the plain will take me in Athens city .
tr	I	Her hair was even wilder than usual , and Tear tracks marred her beautiful face .
tr	I	You will eat it and I 'm going to make you something to eat .
tr	I	Alice seemed to understand that it was a cry of pain , but the sound that escaped out of my mouth was very quiet .
tr	O	He lifted up the lid and Foxton retrieved a cigar .
tr	I	They were words she had never been able to escape , and his last words to her in life had been ones of accusation .
tr	I	They were still just as useful , but the other side had less outfits .
tr	I	I can 't believe she 'd even apply , and that wouldn 't work .
tr	O	She gets cocky sometimes and that gets her caught .
tr	O	She cleared her throat a little more loudly than she meant to , and Reefer turned around , his dreadlocks bouncing .
tr	O	The train conductor called out the impending stop of Penn Station and I felt a quiver of excitement go through me .
tr	O	Her lips are parted and her eyes are full of lust .
tr	O	I felt sick even thinking about that story , but I knew I couldn 't bring it up .
tr	O	People may change , but their eyes stay the same the for their whole life .
tr	O	She opened her chatbox but there was no message .
tr	O	School just ended and they think we 're not ready .
tr	I	He didn 't see her , but he spent the night hidden among the trees just outside the Arapaho village looking for Evening Star .
tr	I	All that remained was to spring it , and the trap had been set for Nick .
tr	I	His soul would be at peace in heaven and Logan 's body would be at peace here .
tr	O	They went to the same school , but he played ball .
tr	I	I found it difficult to swallow and a lump formed in my throat .
tr	I	It never hurt us and it tasted just awful .
tr	I	My father was killed defending his house , and then the wars came to this land .
tr	I	Colin listened with pride , and she immediately began describing her vision for the inn .
tr	O	Now she 's not only in charge of her two younger sisters , but she 's running a full-blown Texas ranch .
tr	O	He was obviously the first man I 'd done that to , and I was determined that the next man would be my husband .
tr	O	Graham was gone , though the bed bore the indentation of his large body , and the covers were a mess .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure whether she wanted to lie in it , but unfortunately , this Goldilocks had made her bed .
tr	O	Stefan was probably asleep upstairs , and Meredith wanted to keep it that way .
tr	I	She inquired nothing further , but at this , Teresa looked confused .
tr	O	I almost coughed donut over the dashboard of his spaceship and that wouldn 't have been good .
tr	O	It was a very big land and it was all here , ripe for the taking .
tr	O	I wanted to mourn , but mourning would have to wait .
tr	O	She moved more softly than his date had , but the sound of being abandoned was the same .
tr	O	The two boys I 'd been on dates with were nice enough , but I had few common interests with either of them .
tr	O	Dillon 's hands rested on Savannah 's hip and his face was covered in a stupid ass grin .
tr	O	I know she won 't , and I am grateful for that .
tr	I	He promised nothing would happen while he was there but I was wary after what Caleb said about other wolves sensing the animal within me .
tr	O	The sun caught the copper highlights in her hair , and I saw the crinkles in the corner of her eye behind her tortoiseshell sunglasses .
tr	O	Clary turned to look where he was looking , but he 'd already grabbed her , shoving her down into the depression between the two hills .
tr	O	Valentine brought Jace up in the Wayland manor , and Jonathan in the house near the lake .
tr	O	Aiden opened his mouth , but the ground trembled under the weight of the approaching storm .
tr	I	There 'd been a group of them , and they 'd had a vehicle , after all .
tr	I	I wanted to look at the pictures of Summer Dawn at eight , and something was niggling at me .
tr	I	Now my arm was bleeding a lot and I pulled the leech off rather violently earlier .
tr	O	The words it whispered to him were steeped in familiarity , and each time the pain of them grew , filling the dark chasm in his soul .
tr	I	His lips parted as he tried to speak and he blinked through swollen eyes .
tr	O	It was a large village , and he estimated there were more than fifty warriors .
tr	I	I slowly trudged towards it , and it was the last door in the hallway .
tr	O	She handed the photo back to me , and I placed it back in the frame .
tr	O	In this case though , it was true , and the answer was very simple .
tr	I	She loved César -- only César , but she had not meant to hurt him .
tr	O	I had to buy it on credit , but it 's really nice to have a distraction from work that isn 't just the TV .
tr	O	Paul called Tammie Lee his southern belle , but all Jacqueline saw was a hillbilly .
tr	I	Her stark need of him made him want her even more and she didn 't try to hide her reaction to his touch .
tr	I	Warren glanced over his shoulder , and I went stiff with shock .
tr	O	She ran her fingernails down his back , very lightly , but he reared up , an inarticulate cry tearing from his throat .
tr	O	I truly do , but he would do better for us all if he were not so difficult .
tr	O	Bart lapped it up and Luke glowed with pride .
tr	I	After a minute , I feel great again , and I follow directions .
tr	O	It made me jump , but the stag jerked so violently that for a moment I thought he had been hit .
tr	O	I loved him beyond all doubt and I knew the man loved me .
tr	I	Deep down I knew I 'd had a lucky escape , but I cried for my dead baby every day for a month afterwards .
tr	O	She had tried to convince me to go to some sorority rush meeting but I had politely declined .
tr	I	You 've seen him , and I raised Darius on the stuff .
tr	O	That 's not really a surprise , but it 's nice to see thermodynamics being well-behaved .
tr	I	He 'll send men to set things straight and we 'll take word to my father .
tr	I	Her breasts tumbled out and she got it open .
tr	I	I feel time fading , like the morning mist and I concentrate on that moment as warmth spreads throughout my body .
tr	I	She slammed it onto her head anyway , but the red would clash horribly with her strawberry blond hair .
tr	O	Dex leaned over my desk to get a better look , and I caught a whiff of some nice , woodsy scent .
tr	I	She would meet him at home and she told him to go ahead .
tr	O	One side of his lips tipped up , and his hands settled on my hips .
tr	O	Her words made me pause , and I sat back for a moment .
tr	I	What hurts even worse is what it represents , but the pain is unbearable .
tr	I	It had already happened , and perhaps I hadn 't realised it .
tr	O	A few hours passed and the streets became busy .
tr	I	They had no real evidence to put him away , but the FBI had the killer in custody .
tr	I	Gods , the rest of her needed a shower , and her hair was in desperate need of a brush .
tr	O	Her eyes glittered , and her pale skin flushed .
tr	I	Mitch in casting proved different but she had been warned about the legendary producer 's cool reserve .
tr	I	Then I walked towards it , but I was bedazzled at first .
tr	I	The core group would never change because they were family , but he could dump his money , hire who he wanted .
tr	I	Again it passed after a couple of seconds , but a red curtain descended for the second time .
tr	O	Evie followed and Tommy joined her , taking her hand .
tr	I	The red light flashed as the unit began a digital recording , and I pressed the button to answer .
tr	O	I needed a distraction or I was going to lose the game .
tr	I	His breath started to even and she reached behind his back , holding him as his body stopped shaking .
tr	O	I understood why he asked , but I shook my head regretfully .
tr	I	I wondered what emotion was playing out in his head and his brow furrowed deeply .
tr	O	He slid from the camera 's angle , but Brittany stayed .
tr	O	His fingers hadn 't even slipped beneath my panties , but my body was responding .
tr	I	It was one I 'd never , ever planned on , but maybe I had a whole new life waiting for me .
tr	I	Her heart was heavy , but Zoey took her DSM gladly .
tr	O	Soon enough instinct took over and she did what he said .
tr	O	He smirked , and I growled .
tr	I	You have to remember that those two work for rival papers , but my opinion of Nolan isn 't as negative as hers .
tr	I	Suspicions were forming , and I wondered what was happening .
tr	O	I 'm sorry guys but I am getting tired .
tr	O	Dan ' r answered , and Gel had no response .
tr	I	It was too late , but in the last second he tried to halt his momentum .
tr	O	The night surrounded her , but it wasn 't silent .
tr	O	At last she settled against him , and he felt her mouth curl into a grin .
tr	I	He deserved to die , and he was evil incarnate .
tr	O	Her words were slurred , and her eyes seemed unfocused .
tr	I	I can 't smile because my tummy hurts , but I really want to stay here really bad .
tr	O	It sounded good and he looked pleased .
tr	O	She sensed that Damon was genuinely incensed , but trying to hide it for some reason .
tr	I	I sneak a glance at my watch , and we end the song to cheers .
tr	O	She didn 't fight him , but she didn 't respond either .
tr	I	He felt a hot flush now realizing his mistake and the boy 's heart now was in his throat .
tr	O	One hand curled against his shoulder and she seemed to be concentrating hard .
tr	I	He kept popping up in my head , but I tried to forget about the man I met on the way home .
tr	O	A couple of servants had come out to meet him , and they took the baggage off his hands .
tr	I	It happened frequently enough , but it certainly wasn 't a practice they all engaged in .
tr	O	She wanted this and she was ready .
tr	I	I didn 't want to play anymore and my little floating shell had sunk quickly in the waves .
tr	O	Fiji had not met the sheriff , but she recognized him from his campaign posters .
tr	I	It was what they had done for centuries but there was very little chance of them being ignited .
tr	I	Then he stirred lightly , and for a moment there was no response from Resnick .
tr	O	He knelt down and by the look on his face I knew there was something wrong .
tr	O	That would make your boss happy too , and others would relax when containment was restored .
tr	O	I was pressed tightly against a pillow , but it wasn 't exactly a pillow .
tr	I	The laser regimen would take months against all that messy scar tissue , but I wanted them to remove the scars on my hip .
tr	O	She wanted to know but she didn 't ask .
tr	O	The crowds still hadn 't let up , and we soon found ourselves packed in so tight that it became noticeably harder to breathe .
tr	I	Sam noticed that his gaze was firmly on Mortimer as he said that , and Bricker said .
tr	O	Santa Claus was supposed to come last night , but Billy was still waiting .
tr	I	She 'd be free for nearly seven weeks , and the school break would officially begin in a day 's time .
tr	I	I will provide you with all the glamour you need , for as long as they are alive , and give me the two humans , Prince .
tr	I	I listened with a sleepy yawn , fighting to pay attention , and he started talking about a few tracks .
tr	O	Caroline thrust a small wooden box , inlaid with ivory , at her , and Harriet took it with trembling hands .
tr	I	We agreed he couldn 't be left on his own , but Spence was a reluctant companion on this journey .
tr	I	I hear her mom gasp and she responds in kind .
tr	I	She was not about to lose herself in senseless emotion , and someone , something , was in her room , waiting for her .
tr	O	She knew it was all true , but to have it said out loud seemed to make it final .
tr	O	Chapter 26 The doors to her bedroom banged open , and Celaena was on her feet in an instant , a candlestick in hand .
tr	O	They just didn 't know how to express it , and he was only beginning to learn .
tr	I	It was becoming increasingly difficult to do some of these stretches , but perhaps it was her age .
tr	O	In life she had so little , and the only thing she treasured , her daughter , was ripped away from her .
tr	I	I had scoffed at him and we had really been there .
tr	O	The vampires had gone without feeding , and the smell of human blood had to be driving them crazy .
tr	O	He pulled her over into his lap and she wrapped her arms around his neck .
tr	I	He will be able to take me home , and his car will be in the parking lot .
tr	O	I 've renounced my claim to throne and sworn myself to the Elders - to Crane - until the Prince of Oxen has been repulsed .
tr	O	His sister no doubt knew the right term long ago , but he rode along with the tease .
tr	O	The moon was rising and I could see several stars .
tr	O	His fingers slipped the shirt from my shoulders , and he escaped my hungry mouth to kiss their bare tops .
tr	I	He 'd also shaved off the beard but since yesterday he 'd had his hair trimmed .
tr	I	It sank into the chasm from which its life force came and Energy fell away from the tower .
tr	I	Ross wouldn 't budge but Marianna shoved harder .
tr	I	She may have thrown a chair at the woman 's head , but she wasn 't sure .
tr	I	He 'd departed right after Sean had interrupted Andrea 's dance , and Dylan hadn 't asked Andrea about Glory tonight .
tr	I	It would allow Zeus to roam , but it didn 't shorten his commute much .
tr	I	Joseph wasn 't finished , but I started to respond .
tr	I	Bending down , he placed a light kiss on each cheek , and then he ran the towel over her perfect rear end .
tr	I	He nodded , though he was suddenly very thirsty and Elec 's vision was beginning to return to normal .
tr	I	My parents didn 't believe in dating , but oops , I didn 't mean to blurt that out so loudly .
tr	I	Maybe it 's his waxed eyebrows , or he wears a patient , understanding look that grates on me straightaway .
tr	O	They were organized , unified , and they had learned how to fight .
tr	O	Standing in front of the statue , wonderment over comes all of them , and all of the sisters begin asking questions .
tr	I	It rubbed him the eyes and you licked the legs .
tr	O	Their pens scratched out notes faster than I could imagine writing , and more than once , my fingers felt like they would cramp .
tr	O	The dragons voice broke and he suddenly began sobbing .
tr	O	Her bare feet ached from pounding the concrete , but she ignored the pain .
tr	I	The sweaty man kept talking , but Steven was hoping for that moment where he could thank the person responsible for everything that had happened .
tr	I	He 'll be hunting me , soon , but I 've managed to get away from him .
tr	O	Kiara had told him that he looked stupid doing that , but it had always worked for him .
tr	O	I waited for him to say something else but he didn 't so I spoke .
tr	O	I had to divide my heart into two pieces , and there was no mending that .
tr	O	They used to talk about everything but he noticed that she steered him away from certain topics now .
tr	O	It has nothing to do with you , but I 'll make certain there 's a guard posted outside your door at all times .
tr	I	With a sustained pull , it will fail , and I have seen that tree working with your weight on it .
tr	I	I remembered another note , one for the costume designer , but that wasn 't the thing I 'd forgotten .
tr	O	Slowly the shadow appeared , and the image went black .
tr	I	I did it and it had needed to be done .
tr	I	Suddenly he felt weak in the knees and he turned away .
tr	O	Martinique wanted Victoria to move back home with her but she declined .
tr	I	Soon I 'd have a full-on attack and panic was overtaking me .
tr	O	She knew he wasn 't going to let her go , but surely he couldn 't let this go on forever .
tr	I	Part is due to Kira 's inexperience , and part of that is due to your hasty exit .
tr	I	She was crying , and it was Ayako .
tr	I	A deep rumble was emanating through his closed mouth , but Blue was no longer barking .
tr	I	I can smell death in the air , and cracks web the foundation , charred black .
tr	I	That 's how they got so close to her , and there was a car just to Gem 's right .
tr	I	He barely held in a laugh and his eyes came back to me .
tr	I	He 'd found he couldn 't , but when she 'd suggested coffee , his first inclination had been to refuse .
tr	I	The idea of waiting until then seems impossible , but my flight doesn 't leave until the morning .
tr	I	She blinked a few times to clear away the haze , and her vision was blurry .
tr	I	Most of these were strong even for dwarves , but the dwarves are exceedingly strong for their height .
tr	O	He was holding her down , and he was stroking her body .
tr	O	My hands started to burn , and still she didn 't respond .
tr	I	You , Sloane and it 's me .
tr	I	The heavy front door opened , and a sharp click echoed from the latch below .
tr	O	There were shadows beneath his eyes , and his cheeks were rough with stubble .
tr	I	I was glad that I couldn 't see most of the contents of the trailer , and I stood in a dark narrow hallway .
tr	O	He felt her lower the arm he 'd grabbed , but she was still trembling .
tr	O	The orphanage was only meant to house fifty orphans , but they arrive by themselves , some carrying younger siblings .
tr	O	He leans forward and presses an open mouth to the small of my back then sucks hard enough to draw the skin between his teeth .
tr	I	It showed on his quivering lips , and his worse fear was leading the monsters back to his family .
tr	O	There wasn 't an ounce of fat on him , but Josh could sure put away the food .
tr	I	He wasn 't about to explain , but Arnie didn 't know how Doc Manner got that story .
tr	I	I signed a statement as well , and they took the details of him down .
tr	I	He had relentlessly listened to me and I had told Victor a lot .
tr	I	I was back in the temple , and I blinked .
tr	I	I couldn 't seem to contain my displeasure , but okay , maybe that was a little harsh .
tr	I	I hate it and I know this deep down inside .
tr	O	He has chosen his path and it is a one-way journey .
tr	I	You could tell the outline but you could see where the old padi fields had stood down by the river , overgrown now .
tr	I	It was the perfect size to store her equipment , but it was small , only around fifty square feet .
tr	I	She loved them , too and they loved her daughter .
tr	O	I tried the radio , but no one answered me .
tr	I	Then , as the cigarette burned his fingers , he came back to reality , and thoughts occupied his mind for a few moments .
tr	O	The door clicked , and he knew right then that Mary didn 't just close her doors on him .
tr	O	Ewan stood by Alaric 's bed and he motioned impatiently for Keeley .
tr	O	he snapped , and I sensed the blade of his knife pressing against Steve 's throat .
tr	I	There was a lot of it and the sex was great .
tr	O	he screams , and if he says anything else , I 'm not listening .
tr	I	I still felt stupid , nonetheless , but I don 't even know why , I didn 't even really like the guy .
tr	O	She wrenched it open , and they both fell through .
tr	O	Nothing else mattered but gathering the children .
tr	I	The door swings open , and I clasp onto the metal latch .
tr	I	She returned it , and I smiled at her .
tr	I	It took everything in Mairi not to blurt them out , and words of love made her throat tighten .
tr	I	It ain 't over and she 's out there .
tr	O	I hated arguing with Penelope , but I didn 't want to be forced into anything .
tr	I	She was shown to a seat near the back of the room , and Lara allowed herself to be taken into a classroom filled with children .
tr	O	His eyes never left hers and he said into the phone .
tr	I	He did need to tell her , and both ways , he was screwed .
tr	O	Patch said he could come inside my dreams , but I had to be open to the idea .
tr	I	Half the men were over at once , tugging it farther up , and the bottom of the boat grated on sand .
tr	O	Her cheeks flush in embarrassment , but otherwise she doesn 't falter .
tr	O	This they did , and he asked them to speak their promises to each other .
tr	I	I want his mouth back and we are both breathing heavily .
tr	O	Nodding , Angela once again guided William to each of the controls and once again they waited before a light came on behind the second button .
tr	I	It had been quite painless and his last ditch effort was hypnosis .
tr	O	Zane had been broken by life , just as she had been , but both had put themselves back together .
tr	O	I handed her the envelope and she took out the note .
tr	I	It was very imprecise and there was no pattern .
tr	O	He could have attacked me , but I wasn 't afraid .
tr	O	He went in his gate and I went in mine .
tr	O	Ian orders a combo platter , and Mr. Martinez retreats back to the kitchen .
tr	O	He 'd taken her blood , and then Geoffrey had savaged her .
tr	I	I couldn 't quite get it out , but well , it was exactly like that .
tr	O	The front porch light was out and the car was in the driveway .
tr	I	She couldn 't be convinced of anything otherwise , but the very thought of it made me gag .
tr	O	I thank Marionette and she leaves me alone with Dante .
tr	O	They were no doubt settling into life with a nanny and she wondered if either of them missed her as desperately as she missed them .
tr	I	He didn 't know how to go on by himself and the thing with Wilson was a real turn in his life .
tr	I	He 's not moving , but he 's trying to pull himself through .
tr	I	She needed to do some rational thinking about her actions and she was exhausted .
tr	I	We travel quickly to the cabin and I transform into the eagle .
tr	O	The king shouted , and the other guards rushed toward them .
tr	O	I 've got a week , and the transfer rumors have already started .
tr	O	His clothes were torn and his body was emaciated .
tr	O	The images wouldn 't come together for Jess though and she found herself ready to hit a writing wall .
tr	O	I had not always been a good man , but I had tried to be a better one .
tr	O	I winked and she laughed .
tr	O	Be careful or you 'll pierce it through .
tr	O	Blake 's voice was amused and he automatically scratched under Mitch 's chin .
tr	I	The two oldest get away from her , but I 've given orders that they remain indoors .
tr	I	He nodded and I responded .
tr	O	He stepped forward , but Sarah stepped back .
tr	O	The Spartan tightened his grip on his shield , and a sort of cold calm filled his face .
tr	O	The custom of absolute privacy in the Personals is very strong and other men would not even look at him .
tr	I	There 's no way around it , but I turn it over in my mind every way I can .
tr	O	She 'd been listening , but not watching .
tr	O	She said that at first , it might seem like something was trying to invade his mind but to let his heart guide him .
tr	I	His lips are at my ear and his cool hand is stroking my back .
tr	O	It seems to do something to him , but he tries to hide it .
tr	O	He knew the purpose of this tower , from the plans he had seen in Liverpool and he delighted in its appearance .
tr	O	The two-lane road stretched ahead , and the random cars dropped behind .
tr	O	I assumed for a joke that it opened with a sound password , but my assumption wasn 't confirmed .
tr	O	You 've explained our position to him about a million times , and he refuses to listen .
tr	I	The tears were trapped in a cold , hard block in her chest , but she wanted to cry , ached to .
tr	I	It didn 't hurt when he pushed it hard , but a large purple bruise covered his entire right side .
tr	I	I need someone to believe in me , and I look down at my sleeping brother .
tr	I	She could still hear him , but she couldn 't see Daemon .
tr	I	Suddenly she was on the ground for the second time of this encounter , and she felt her legs sweep out from under her .
tr	O	I consider the last few years , and yes , there are certain things that a child should never experience .
tr	I	Despite his uneasiness , he burst out laughing and that caught him by surprise .
tr	I	Alex rushes over to her , wrapping her arms around her and I think she 's in a sort of shock .
tr	I	They went by and I was getting a bite with Charlie .
tr	I	He gasped , and bright lights appeared , highlighting the landscape around him .
tr	I	Her arms were locked at her sides , but the desire to brush it away hit .
tr	I	The small tool aisle would have to do , but he wished he were in the cutlery aisle .
tr	I	Everything was yet to be gained and a grin broke out across her face as she realized nothing had been lost .
tr	I	She scared me so much , but I didn 't know her .
tr	O	He 'd been too wrapped up in his own thoughts to reach out , and now he 'd lost him .
tr	O	This homecoming had to happen on his terms , or it couldn 't happen at all .
tr	I	She breathed heavily and her face flushed .
tr	O	James laughed quietly , but there was nothing funny about this .
tr	I	He was smart about it , but he figured out I had been taken .
tr	I	A police officer escorted her inside and Josephine made her way over to the front door .
tr	O	My family 's lawyers are very proficient , and this outcome would be ideal .
tr	O	I got hit twice , but I wouldn 't realize it until later .
tr	I	She forced herself to ignore her modesty , and the room was now filled with sunlight .
tr	O	I felt my eyes narrow and I took a step forward .
tr	O	The bodice of the dress had its own criss-crossing pattern that mirrored her hair , and the lower half floated gently to the ground .
tr	O	The carefree Mai leads him forward for a second before the arm dissipates and he is jogging into the next room with a sense of fellowship .
tr	I	She suddenly found it hard to breathe and something about the question hit her in the gut .
tr	O	There was a shout from the floor below , and a thump under my feet as someone threw something at their ceiling .
tr	I	Rachel was too special to risk having a quickie affair with , and he was out of the marriage market .
tr	O	Bonding was eternal and it wasn 't something to be taken lightly .
tr	O	She tried to dodge , but she was too slow .
tr	I	They wouldn 't let him , and it conflicts with his Spanish class , though .
tr	O	Andrew 's gaze held her own , and Harriet had trouble looking away .
tr	O	A lump rose in my throat and I clenched my hands into fists .
tr	O	I don 't know how it 's possible , but she 's lost more weight .
tr	I	The teams raced down to the other end of the court , and it bounced off the rim into the hand of a Duck .
tr	I	She looked down at the screen and nothing happened .
tr	I	I held back enough to keep from forgetting the danger , but it was a close thing .
tr	O	His coat was made with a gray-green velvet she thought quite lovely , and the stylishly short cut of the shoulders emphasized how fit he was .
tr	O	He felt her finger push harder , and he couldn 't help his reaction .
tr	O	I gave a firm yank , and he collapsed to the floor .
tr	O	He nods and we sit down on the bed .
tr	I	I can 't but I have to look away .
tr	O	The walk was long and my heart was full of dread .
tr	I	The thought of anything happening to Sergei was devastating and it literally could be murderous .
tr	I	It chased me so much , but I hated thinking about the past .
tr	O	I crept over to the stairs , and I quietly began ascending them .
tr	O	It was a one way system and cars were coming from the left .
tr	I	The longer the trial dragged on , the more blame the jurors would heap upon the party now calling the witnesses , and the jury was sequestered .
tr	O	I had myself under control , and my defenses against him were well fortified .
tr	O	I heard the men yelling behind me , but I couldn 't understand them because of the thunderous sounds made by the wind .
tr	I	I wasn 't able to be with the one person I 'd fallen in love with , and I 'd finally fallen in love .
tr	O	He struck the back of my head again , but it wasn 't nearly as powerful a blow .
tr	O	Sheepskin was excellent for storing permanent records , but it was prohibitively expensive for trivial use .
tr	I	I lowered my words to a whisper and the students at the next table turned to look at us .
tr	O	Even a saint would be sorely pressed for restraint , and God knew he was far from saintly .
tr	O	You can hate me as much as you want , but this is the last time you hold this over me .
tr	I	Nobody 's placed an offer yet , and several potential buyers have been through the house .
tr	I	She wrapped her arms around me and I reached out for Sarah .
tr	I	She could tell he wasn 't convinced the ghost did it , but he grinned .
tr	O	I shifted control over to my wolf on a thought and she took off , picking up our pace , speeding through the forest .
tr	I	Those were smaller but she looked to the counter to see three more bags there .
tr	O	I had forgotten that she was human , but sitting here with her , I was slowly changing my opinion .
tr	I	One of the lenses was shattered and they were snapped in half .
tr	I	If we don 't sell , we will need his help , but you are the one who is most against selling the company .
tr	O	He had by now had more than enough of the Mountain , and being besieged inside it was not at all to his taste .
tr	I	The scent of her perfume filled my nostrils , and she leaned closer .
tr	I	I couldn 't see a thing , but I had a quick look for Big Bat .
tr	O	One look at Isabelle Masters and he 'd changed his mind .
tr	O	I rubbed his back and he tapped his feet .
tr	O	That fool is coming for you again later tonight , and he did a number on that dress last time .
tr	O	It could be a handful or it could be a thousand .
tr	O	Mallory narrowed her gaze at me , and I felt a faint prickle of magical interest - at least before Berna pinched her on the arm .
tr	O	I roll my eyes at the mere idea of such a thing , but his words please me , all the same .
tr	O	Her yellow halter dress was pushed up almost to her butt , and her legs were bent at an unnatural angle .
tr	I	I enjoyed being close to Lucas even more , but I enjoyed the movie .
tr	I	He should have long since had it taken down and the tree had been dead for five years .
tr	I	I doubt that those two towns are very far apart , but I 'm not sure where that is .
tr	O	I was ready to give up on my concentration after a couple of minutes , but that 's when I noticed the change .
tr	O	The time flew by , and soon the sky began to darken outside the window .
tr	I	Jaden cut me off , but I opened my mouth .
tr	I	He deserved my trust and he was my friend .
tr	I	He could have been a professional debater , but he was actually a newspaper reporter .
tr	O	His hair is wet , sticking up in spikes like a hedgehog and he 's managed to find some fresh clothes .
tr	I	It wasn 't true , but I told you about getting my tubes tied before getting pregnant with you .
tr	I	Amanda seemed content just to be with him , but even Nick complained .
tr	I	Expecting her first child , and his daughter was healed , happily married .
tr	O	The arched roof glowed with a soft silvery azure , like moonlight , but there were no cracks in the roof .
tr	O	The door opened with little effort and I moved out of the car .
tr	I	We were astonished to learn he could communicate on a basic level , and we 'd acquired Butch after his prior owner was killed .
tr	O	I don 't know what most of you know about this city , but I 'll tell you what I know .
tr	I	They turned to leave and Bia shook its hand .
tr	O	We breed less often , but we create a new generation at a time .
tr	O	The Spear he kept at his side , but it pointed at Jake .
tr	I	A third line was beginning , but the voice continued in words so clipped that you could hear the shelves full of legal books behind the desk .
tr	I	He touched her in ways that felt unreal , and he was masterful .
tr	O	Hands are needed for prayers to start but when godliness happens , prayer withers away .
tr	O	She 'd trusted him with her life and he 'd delivered , every time .
tr	O	I made my way out of the room , and just about fell over laughing .
tr	I	Like all of her friends , she 'd no idea what to do , but he knew that Beth was worried sick about her .
tr	O	Her brows were knitted but there was a huge grin on her face .
tr	I	I turned back to see my broken down room , but I took a few slow steps towards the door .
tr	I	My hands were covered in blood , and he writhed in agony beneath me .
tr	O	I briefly considered trying to chase after her , but I had no idea where she was going .
tr	O	My moaning seemed to be spurring him on , and he growled hungrily as he moved his lips to my jaw .
tr	I	He placed his hand on her elbow , and he knew this journey had been Sandy 's dream , not hers .
tr	I	The guards were pulling open the doors for the pair , and yes , the gates were up ahead .
tr	O	Ransom lived increasingly on the dark side and for long hours he thought of nothing .
tr	I	I sat , alone in the car , with the radio off and he shut the door behind him .
tr	O	He had turned against his kind a long time ago but that didn 't meant he wanted to kill another gremlin .
tr	I	Then had barely thought about it afterwards , and Clay had said yes in a heartbeat .
tr	O	They were alive , and they were together .
tr	I	I hand over the cash and a beer is put in front of me .
tr	O	She had no right to be sewing this dress , but no one else had been willing to help .
tr	I	You can see how that went , and he told Tatiana the exact same thing .
tr	I	I 'm fumbling to free myself and my face is suddenly on fire .
tr	O	You want to be like the big kids , but you 're not old enough .
tr	I	Then he heard something that nearly made him smile , but too slow , old man , he berated himself .
tr	I	Bronze to summon wicked powers , And silver for the demon towers .
tr	I	I moved toward him , and I hopped from foot to foot .
tr	I	I have to learn , but the change is good .
tr	O	Eric sprinted behind her , running flat out , and Iona stretched to keep ahead of him .
tr	O	She thought it was most likely guy number one , but it could have been guy number two .
tr	O	He may have been covered in blue , but he was seeing red .
tr	O	I 'd never truly realized it until that moment , but I did .
tr	O	Just as suddenly as his ager came , Isla saw his face clear up and he smiled down at her .
tr	O	His eyes were puffy , and his cheeks burned so fiercely that his freckles had almost vanished .
tr	O	It was just that I 'd seen Sam with Emily , and I couldn 't imagine him with someone else .
tr	I	Me beside her with her blood on my hands , and Lexi dying on the side of the road , soaked in her own blood .
tr	O	Rachael rushed to her younger sister , and they hugged .
tr	I	It took both hands to fit the spare tire onto the axle but he wished he could pick up the wrench again .
tr	O	People didn 't move immediately , but I was okay with that .
tr	I	She took a step forward and her eyes narrowed .
tr	O	He can 't be the first to lay his weapons down , and he doesn 't know how to walk away from a fight .
tr	O	Be up-front and you 'll be fine .
tr	O	She had gone very pale and her breath was coming quickly .
tr	O	I ended up crawling into bed at six and staring at my ceiling , willing sleep to claim me .
tr	O	There will come a time when you , ll beg for death but it will be denied to you .
tr	O	I sent out one final burst of magic , and the last layer of stone crumbled to dust in front of me .
tr	O	I should have something to share with you by Friday and I 'll go over it then in detail with everyone .
tr	I	He didn 't eat it , but so today I got a burger for him .
tr	I	He was on the road most of the time in strange towns where he had no companionship , and Norman was a salesman .
tr	I	Something in Chris 's eyes protested , but he was ready to get out , not wanting to risk looking behind another door in this trick house .
tr	O	Thanks to Jonathan 's tweaking , the numbers go over better than expected and the Board is pleased with the progress of the benefits .
tr	O	Hedges opened up into a small alley , and across the road was a homey restaurant called Pedro 's .
tr	I	Jessie wouldn 't look at her , but Keely 's eyes stayed on Jessie .
tr	O	He surveyed her with those dark , twinkly eyes , and as he smiled , a little bit of Evie melted .
tr	O	The placement of these worlds is critical and we have to move them before the blast from their destroyed sun hits them .
tr	O	When he swings her around I see it 's Micha , and he 's laughing as she works to catch her breath .
tr	O	We may not share the same apartment anymore , but that doesn 't change how fiercely I watch over his safety .
tr	I	I saw no immediate conflict of interest with my lecturing responsibilities so I told him I 'd do it and it was presented as a casual request .
tr	O	Ivy told me about the new dog several times , but I never even considered it might be sleeping in her room tonight .
tr	O	Tristan could no longer threaten her , and most important of all , Gideon was safe .
tr	O	Her smile was just a little more forced when she turned from hanging his jacket in the hall closet , but she hoped he hadn 't noticed .
tr	I	It is not the chill of old age , and there is a cold chill in my bones .
tr	O	She stared at him , and he wasn 't sure she understood anything .
tr	I	Before Dominic could follow through , a firm voice echoed through the downstairs , but Carmine waited for the blow , blindly striking back at his brother .
tr	O	She snickered and he grabbed her by the waist , kissing her quickly .
tr	O	Trevor loosens his hold , and I slide gently to the ground .
tr	I	It was a new car , nonetheless , but granted it wasn 't the sports car Jeremy had bragged he 'd get .
tr	I	He just scared me with what he said , yet he didn 't want me to be scared .
tr	I	She heard the definitive tone in his voice , but Pain etched his expression .
tr	O	It was during these sorts of moments that it occurred to me that he was the younger brother and yet he sat on throne .
tr	I	I fight my discomfort and he studies me as one studies a fine painting .
tr	I	I swiped at it with my free hand and a tear rolled down my cheek .
tr	I	He trotted over to her , and she held out her hand .
tr	O	His nap had worked wonders , and his old virility was back .
tr	I	Fresh tears start pouring from my eyes , and the truth is he is my life .
tr	O	I met him only the once , and I was six at the time .
tr	I	The lid slid back , and he flicked open the clasp on the box .
tr	O	She didn 't know if she was dying , but this had to be what dying felt like .
tr	I	Jared checked my seat belt one last time , and the pilot made his announcements on the intercom .
tr	I	Then I smacked him across the chest , making him grunt , and I absorbed that for a second .
tr	O	She couldn 't hide the fact , and she was sure he 'd seen .
tr	O	Their teeth were no longer showing but he could still hear a chorus of low throaty growls emitting from them .
tr	O	The two men jumped in , and the car accelerated away .
tr	O	My vision was blurred , but I could make out a face in front of me .
tr	I	Sure enough she was sitting on her bed wiping tears from the corners of her bloodshot eyes and I went into her bedroom without knocking .
tr	O	I 'm Asturian myself , and I know the Asturian mind far better than you do .
tr	I	My mom calls it insanity and my dad calls it love at first sight .
tr	I	She started to follow him across the floor to the staircase at the rear of the room and he watched her respond with a smile .
tr	O	She had spoken to royalty and she hadn 't even known ?
tr	I	Oliver was immediately taken with her , and Jim Bailey introduced him to Leslie .
tr	O	There were more cars now than there 'd been at the start of the summer , but Neil hadn 't seen any new faces around the dormitory .
tr	I	I was going to let him , and he was going to kiss me .
tr	O	Then it was thirty minutes till opening time , and Sam went behind the bar to start slicing lemons for the tea .
tr	I	She held firm -- fire in her eyes , but he struggled .
tr	O	I open my mouth , but no answer comes out .
tr	I	He dared not switch on the bedside lamp and the room was dark .
tr	O	I 've sent an army to meet them , and I 'll join them myself in the morning .
tr	O	Philip had seen someone take her away that night , and I feared in my heart that she was dead .
tr	I	It didn 't mean shit wasn 't there , but she didn 't see shit .
tr	I	By this time , it was beyond hope , and he ran a hand through his hair again .
tr	I	He gently squeezed it and his hand reached for hers .
tr	O	I was thinking her thoughts , and some were pretty damn bitter .
tr	I	They used a local supplier , and they said unconvincingly that they knew nothing of the practice of stamping the coffins either .
tr	I	There was a muted sensation of concern and Roth placed a hand on my arm .
tr	O	He nodded and she looked exasperated .
tr	I	I nodded to him and Joey looked at me .
tr	I	Insecurity I 'd almost forgotten and warm brown eyes stared up at me with a tenderness .
tr	I	Excavators had been moved onto the site and his building application was blocked before the first drainage equipment .
tr	O	Stephanie turned to Trevor , and Rowan cleared his throat .
tr	O	We 're going to have to agree to disagree , and really , I see no point in my continued presence .
tr	O	His voice was pleasant , but his smile was cold .
tr	I	The machines stop breathing for Uriah , and the doctor flips some switches , his clipboard clutched to his stomach .
tr	O	Even when both men took hold , the rod was stubborn and when they yanked at it , it snapped .
tr	I	It 's tempered by fear , but the possibilities give me hope .
tr	I	It 's heaven , and we 've been back together for two weeks now .
tr	O	My leg did hurt badly , but I only shook my head .
tr	I	He could find no entrance , but Neil searched the next morning .
tr	I	She wasn 't tryin ' to hide nothin ' and the moon was right up there .
tr	O	He tried to file it away as a large woodpecker drilling under the eaves again , but the effort failed .
tr	I	She was laying on the couch in their apartment , and when she fell into the human world , her clothes were dry .
tr	I	I was looking at him and he was looking at the camera .
tr	I	We got in it anyway , but there was a long line .
tr	O	Pain was not an issue for him , and he needed to be certain that his instructions were being followed precisely .
tr	I	He couldn 't handle losing Amanda , but he could handle that .
tr	O	This did not make sense , and he refused to believe any further .
tr	O	I waited for a couple minutes but I didn 't see anything .
tr	I	I leaned away from him automatically , and his hands flew as he yelled .
tr	O	Her eyes were slightly wide , and they flicked down to the cut on her face in disbelief .
tr	O	Jacob nodded through the steps , but Dee 's head was reeling .
tr	O	Ryan followed the only way it was possible for him to go , and within a few metres the watercourse appeared .
tr	I	Lea decided that it was time to leave , and they spent hours playing outside until it was too dark to stay outside .
tr	I	Caroline drew in a sharp breath and Olivia stiffened .
tr	O	He did not say anything , but he did look up from his attempt to light the ring bearer 's pillow on fire with his eyes .
tr	O	I never pushed it because I figured the place made him uncomfortable , but I always offered because he needed to know I wanted him around .
tr	O	Ginny 's might be , but we don 't know .
tr	O	He traveled a great distance , and the wolf led him to a far off land , where men dressed strangely .
tr	I	Each of them takes a place beside us and the nurse comes back in with her assistant .
tr	I	Her dad would pay for it and she picked Evergreen because she knew it would piss her mom off .
tr	O	We both have to work tomorrow and the project 's due in a few weeks .
tr	I	I could no longer hear distinct words , and Savannah 's voice was softer now .
tr	I	The carnage could be seen , and Minutes later the fog slowly lifted .
tr	I	She held up a hand but he extended his arms toward her , intending to comfort her .
tr	O	Cleon was about to say more , but suddenly his blindfold was torn off .
tr	O	I leave it under for a long time until it feels numb , and then dab it dry with a soft towel .
tr	O	She tried to close the door , but he was pushing the opposite way , forcing his way in .
tr	O	Keep your mouth shut , or I 'll shut it for you .
tr	O	Especially if the door were locked , and your family stayed away for a very long while .
tr	I	Ethan 's had shown on this mission and experience counted .
tr	I	I knew I couldn 't eat but Hunger pains gnawed at my gut .
tr	I	The sun was just coming over the lake beyond the house we 'd rented for the week and it was late by then .
tr	I	Its power over him had faded , but her regal beauty was still there .
tr	I	I couldn 't deny that his questions were a work of art , and he was curious .
tr	I	I will be gentler with the boy and ' Let me pass once more .
tr	I	I 'm glad you trusted me , and I know you had to talk to someone about it .
tr	I	My heart thundered like I 'd been running , and Sweat beaded on my neck .
tr	O	The disco balls are spinning brightly and music is blaring out of the speakers at an unhealthy level .
tr	I	She was so angry that she elbowed him off , but Emily felt her father 's hot breath on her neck .
tr	I	He was doing a good impression now , but Charles doesn 't even know the meaning of the word sheepish .
tr	I	It was rather round in the middle and the raccoon was a dark gray with black rings on its tail .
tr	I	He blessed Ashley 's clever , busy fingers and it was a lot easier to smile then .
tr	I	I couldn 't form a cohesive sentence , and my mind was swirling with panic .
tr	I	It probably never will be , and it 's still not there .
tr	O	The room was quiet and they could hear that it had started to rain , the tinkling of raindrops against the window sounding much too loud .
tr	I	Silence surrounded us , and the next I lay in a heap with Henry .
tr	I	I felt Veronique 's body spasm with terror and a door creaked open .
tr	O	Nothing fancy , but at least it was clean .
tr	O	Fletcher had warned me against such things , but I 'd done them all the same .
tr	O	I looked up , putting a smile on my face ... And sighed with dismay at the sight of the man strolling in .
tr	O	It 's nearly three in the morning and my father never came home .
tr	O	It 's well past afternoon , and the crowd just keeps coming .
tr	I	Lea started to follow her , and Julie started walking to the stairs that go to the second floor .
tr	I	The railing rubbed dust against my jeans and I brought my foot up .
tr	O	We all had a bit too much wine , and the celebration went on a little too long .
tr	I	It was good enough for me to see that huge shape outlined against the evening sky , but the light wasn 't really very good .
tr	I	Silence closed in , and her eyes fluttered closed of their own accord .
tr	I	It 's not fine , but I force a smile .
tr	I	He was also resisting Darth Maul 's attempts to sway him to the dark side , but he had shown dark tendencies .
tr	O	His face broke into a grin , and he blew her a kiss .
tr	I	She didn 't have the wall at her back , but she had a hold on mine as well .
tr	O	I know what you 're thinking , but it 's not because I want to sleep with you .
tr	I	She wants to help me resolve my problems with you Esmeralda and I have a friend with me .
tr	O	It would not be enough time to escape , but it would buy them a few precious minutes .
tr	O	We stopped the car and I went to the back to take out the wheelchair .
tr	I	A few of his favorites were still scattered around the floor , but he had managed to get most of them into the container .
tr	O	Mr. Henry smiled at me and I forced one in return .
tr	I	The words were still a warning in her mind , but Nicolae swore under his breath .
tr	I	Despite the loud squeak , I knew that Savannah wouldn 't hear anything , and I opened the door .
tr	O	He had expected it to be like looking into a mirror , but it was not .
tr	I	He hums an unrecognizable tune , and his movements suddenly become exaggerated .
tr	O	I have to get out , but there 's no way out .
tr	O	Spencer struggled to break free of the girls , but they held her tight .
tr	O	Drew appeared on one side , Drake on the other , and both settled in comfortably beside me .
tr	O	The sight was sickening , but despite my mortification over the sheer magnitude of death surrounding me , my prime concern was Derek Novak .
tr	O	She opened her mouth to call out , but something about Tom 's posture made her voice die in her chest .
tr	O	It was our night and I was ready .
tr	O	She could feel the weight of his stare , but she refused to turn in his direction .
tr	I	Her father seemed incapable of deepening their relationship , but over the years , Susannah had made occasional efforts to bridge the gap between them .
tr	O	The decadent questions had Vicki shifting closer to him again , and her eyes fluttered open .
tr	O	He has had several short stories published and the Prism series represents his first major literary work .
tr	O	She hugged him tight and he embraced her back .
tr	I	I could feel an enormous power building up , and then I just sort of pulled everything around me inside .
tr	I	Celaena never did anything half-heartedly , but she might have her faults .
tr	I	It was in fact a deluxe wagon if I had ever seen one , but I laughed internally .
tr	O	One gentleman looked at Louisa as though he 'd never seen her before , and another was glancing about for a way to escape without appearing rude .
tr	I	She did not spill any , but tears shimmered in her eyes .
tr	I	There was a hint of pleading in her eyes , and her voice was soft , hesitant .
tr	O	You can make Mom happy and you 're choosing not to .
tr	O	The guys with shotguns tracked the truck as it approached , and they looked really serious about firing , too .
tr	I	Once again they were all together , and his two friends slipped into it to wind around the group .
tr	I	He 'd insisted , but Laurel had told him he didn 't have to attend the funeral .
tr	O	My mother 's sentimental words regarding the origins of the locket surfaced in my mind , and realisation sank in .
tr	I	I should have known better , but I expected her to say we should go for help .
tr	I	I 'd always give them back , and he bought me things all the time .
tr	O	I pushed the door open and I froze .
tr	I	She didn 't think that anymore , but she would have laughed , since it was something she would have thought two months ago .
tr	I	My head was pounding , and my eyes ached in the fluorescent glare .
tr	O	I want to talk with my generals , but we 'll need to coordinate our strategy .
tr	O	The streetlights were further apart and he had to rely more on the bright moonlight to see where he was going .
tr	I	Then again her attentions had been localised on the few feet ahead , on the maze , but she hadn 't noticed anything .
tr	I	She left her baby and she was running scared .
tr	I	His nostrils flared and his jaw was clenched .
tr	O	Space was the most precious thing on the ship , and as such there were few places where she might find a corner to call her own .
tr	O	Their shoulders were huge , and they were at least a head taller than the rest of the group .
tr	I	Emelia looked about in the inky darkness and there was a silence in the alleyway .
tr	I	He knew it and Richard was caught .
tr	O	Skyler cradled her in a near defensive way , and she thought she felt him chuckling .
tr	O	Marcia snorted dubiously , but she was far too tired to fuss .
tr	I	I almost lost my handhold as the truck accelerated , and my knees buckled .
tr	O	I felt pretty good about what I had said , and I hoped Alice was grateful I 'd said it .
tr	I	I 'm not one of them , but there are agents who live fairly normal lives .
tr	I	The locket sprung right back open , and the catch had broken , though .
tr	I	His left hand was around my waist , pulling me to him in a slow motion , and his right hand was tangled in my hair .
tr	I	He laughed in my ear when I went from rationally imploring to crying and I heard the unmistakable sound of a zipper .
tr	O	I let them in and it gains a foothold .
tr	O	Sophia 's lips tightened and she glared at Celine .
tr	I	The players trotted in from the locker room , and we plopped cross-legged on the floor .
tr	I	My sister broke down again as soon as she saw how bad it had become , but we 'd warned her about the swelling .
tr	I	Our quarters were shared with dozens , and most didn 't wear much clothing , if at all .
tr	O	Milos was gone , off to find someone to hide in , and Allie counted to ten , then went looking for him .
tr	I	Spiritually glorious , and to worlds holy .
tr	O	I was being a dick to her , but that was what I did .
tr	I	I wouldn 't let go but he jerked at his arm .
tr	I	I have the urge to do the same , and Evie snorts .
tr	I	I 'm not ignorant to the fact that we are all expendable in the eyes of the Syndicate , but I may be a pawn myself .
tr	O	The car stopped , and the man turned to look at her .
tr	O	I had only been here for a few hours and I already knew , without a doubt , that something bad was coming .
tr	I	Lucas ducked it , but he threw a punch at Lucas , too .
tr	I	He dodged the bullet and I shot at him .
tr	I	It seemed to him he might have succeeded somewhat and he thrashed wildly in an attempt to move toward the pin-point of light as he fell .
tr	I	He never gave up and Klaus had always been a wanderer .
tr	O	They heard people shouting outside again and Marcos looked disturbed .
tr	O	We use the forest as a shield , and we pick the site for battle .
tr	I	I liked to think that I was different , but I knew Evergreen had enjoyed it because she was horrible .
tr	O	I nodded as I eyed the food , and in confirmation , my stomach rumbled audibly .
tr	O	I wasn 't interested but he wouldn 't take no for an answer .
tr	I	It was all her fault , and she had died .
tr	I	We never had kids , but I loved my wife .
tr	O	Lena said , and after she walked out , burst into a hysterical laugh , causing some people to think that she was a lunatic .
tr	I	She didn 't have the key but the gates were closed .
tr	I	I wanted to forget the past , and I tried to accept that Jace loved you .
tr	I	Darkness was slowly swallowing me , and its image began to fade .
tr	O	She runs her fingers down my chest , over my hips , and cups my balls .
tr	O	The chase continued until the rebels were within cannon range , and they began firing shots at us .
tr	I	Now it allows them to think of themselves as a separate race , but it allowed them to keep their religious traditions alive in a Catholic country .
tr	O	These girls were nice , and I enjoyed their company .
tr	O	Lucky nodded and we placed the babies into their cot before embracing in a deep long kiss .
tr	O	Nick seemed to read his expression , and it wasn 't the first time Nick had done so since Zane had met him .
tr	I	She was a celebrity in her own right and she was bright .
tr	I	Then he looked away , and he looked at her as if he was trying to puzzle out an answer .
tr	I	We raced to the car and he grabbed me from under my shoulder to steady me so I wouldn 't fall .
tr	O	It was a risk , but with only a couple of hundred miles to go before Volgograd , it was a worthwhile gamble .
tr	I	The companion vote would go against him and the Council would not sanction his request for renewal .
tr	I	I staggered away , and my gut heaved .
tr	O	The gauzy skirts were made from the finest of silk with pearls embedded in the hem and the voluminous fabric seemed to float to the floor .
tr	I	Most of them had a tremendous ability to heal , and his ancestors have always guarded the Prince of our people .
tr	I	He knows it , and the excitement in his voice is infectious .
tr	I	The frantic beating of his heart feels wrong , but his skin is so warm , so smooth .
tr	I	It efficiently plowed its way through the harbor waters , but the ferry wasn 't fast .
tr	I	I can 't forget the scuffle I heard but he begins to guide us away from the staircase .
tr	O	If she had just left me alone I could 've kept it in , but the fire in my throat is ready to spew out .
tr	I	He didn 't have a choice , but backing down from a challenge wasn 't in his nature .
tr	O	It was harder to hold her up , but at least she wasn 't in pain .
tr	I	Hearing became muddled and his sight blurred .
tr	O	Her skin has a grayish tint to it , and her casting crystal is gone .
tr	O	She started to slide the ring off her finger but he growled .
tr	I	I didn 't dare , but I wanted to lie to him .
tr	I	Alec wasn 't telling it , but there was a story there .
tr	I	I couldn 't figure out what that meant , and he nodded .
tr	O	The fear was gone from me but I didn 't know it then .
tr	O	She wanted to share this new experience with him , but he was in a place she couldn 't reach .
tr	O	Her eyebrows collided together and she shook her head .
tr	O	Eric chuckles deeply and his fingers flick the air .
tr	I	We had to get the gloves to get out the exit , but it was weird .
tr	I	It was more loosely held than when we had first entered the building but I eyed the gun in his hand .
tr	I	No one on the other team was spared , and at last the battle was over .
tr	I	The leaves too sparse to cover me and I went as high as I could before the branches became too thin to support my weight .
tr	I	I guess that no one would be cooking tonight , but the stove sat just to the right of my legs .
tr	I	They both laughed , and Mrs Whitlow nodded her head as if to reassure him that what she 'd just told him was true .
tr	O	I don 't remember coming down here , but I am glad not to be waking up alone after last night .
tr	O	He wasn 't tall , but he wasn 't short .
tr	O	I was up most of the night , and I 'd rather not have the caffeine .
tr	I	Fintan was alone with the mysterious Mister Smith , and Father left .
tr	O	Natalie laughed a little , but Kat just thought about the folders in Natalie 's father 's office .
tr	O	When the storm had cleared , our Master called us to him , and we went up into his tower .
tr	I	You were reading what was in my mind , but I directed them to you in answer maybe .
tr	I	She couldn 't see a thing , and her curly hair blew around her head like a light brown nimbus .
tr	O	I 've never heard of it being granted , but it is within the realm of possibilities .
tr	I	Maybe it was the way Dmitri looked when he stepped behind her , or perhaps it was the red .
tr	O	Her head tipped to the side and her lips tipped up .
tr	I	There was too much to take care of right now , but it would be so easy to get lost in her .
tr	I	I looked up and he was silent .
tr	I	That old dog had curled up close beside him , and he 'd fallen asleep there .
tr	I	He didn 't know I was there , but I 'd seen him plenty of times .
tr	O	His voice was very monotone , and I felt his back tense .
tr	O	It was a precious commodity , and one never knew when death would come calling .
tr	O	His face was dark , flushed from passion , and he looked in no mood to concede her anything .
tr	O	All his friends shunned me and his family stopped talking to me .
tr	I	It echoed all around me , but the sound of her laugh was muffled .
tr	I	Flung it down and quickly he took the thread coil from his shoulder .
tr	O	Alexandra swallowed , and when she spoke , her words were so faint they were nearly inaudible .
tr	I	He kept up , but Taylor spoke quickly .
tr	O	The Eclipse will take place and the festival will go on !
tr	I	I kept my eyes away from her , and I could feel Sandra smirking at me .
tr	O	There was a little town nearby , but it was some distance away .
tr	O	She could save only one man , but she could cause the death of many .
tr	O	I just don 't know what to do , and it 's not like me not to be in control .
tr	O	This is a waste of time and I 'm starting to get pissed .
tr	I	I wait and I stand .
tr	O	Now , I don 't want you getting all excited the way your sister did , but I don 't expect you will .
tr	O	She asked if I wanted the physician , but I said I didn 't .
tr	I	The guy are staring at me now and I start looking for Sophie as she .
tr	I	It was as though I 'd been pushed into a raging furnace , and before I could blink , he plunged the knife into my side .
tr	O	Her hair sat in large curls around her shoulders and her light brown eyes seemed to shine .
tr	O	The baby nudged me from the inside , and I forced myself to pull it together .
tr	O	Perhaps it is because she has heard me tell similar stories , or perhaps it is something else entirely .
tr	O	It was Gloria who discovered the body and it was Gloria who had called me .
tr	O	Thomas had to speak or he 'd burst .
tr	O	I slowly relinquished my hold and he stood on his own .
tr	I	We 'd been too busy to really do anything , but we 'd talked a few times that week .
tr	I	She also knew his reckless spirit , and then worried her , because she knew about his sporadic missions for Interpol .
tr	O	Her mind hung on that last memory , and she felt something stir deep within her .
tr	O	I 'm simplifying , but she did .
tr	I	Isaac made the surface of his sword so large that it became a shield , but Morrigan fired off another beam of energy from her body .
tr	I	Three web browsers opened , and the screensaver on Dave 's workstation flicked off .
tr	O	Mortals were prey , literally , and vampires were feared greatly .
tr	O	As hard as I tried to fight it , there was no denying my attraction to him , and I had a feeling he knew it .
tr	O	Nay , he wasn 't beautiful like his brothers , but there was something even more arresting about his appearance .
tr	O	The diabolical plant leaned close and when the spider rolled close enough , it fired its needle !
tr	O	They were awfully quiet and I admit I had forgotten about them .
tr	O	The energy in the boat surged and all the rowers sat a little straighter .
tr	O	He touches the cut with his fingers and I flinch away .
tr	I	J.R. wanted to be ready and Ken Reid was due in Wednesday .
tr	O	She may have taken a giant step forward in having him want to make love to her , but she 'd taken two steps back .
tr	I	She went in one of the cabins and Tori ran to the bathroom .
tr	I	He had never forgiven her , and that was fifty years ago .
tr	O	He can 't see me , and he can 't hear me .
tr	O	They thanked Dr. Blair , and he left the room .
tr	O	Here he was in the middle of battle riding on the back of a dragon of all things and he was even thinking things through .
tr	O	The owner , Mr. Hartz , had at first installed a curtain to keep people out but I had shut this down after a few visits .
tr	O	Their son was a little stupid , but Cassandra could play with him too .
tr	O	The sun was up , but heavy clouds dimmed the sky , hiding the light .
tr	O	I know things between you two haven 't been very good lately , but I can 't believe you don 't care about her .
tr	I	It was to happen soon , and something drastic was too happen .
tr	I	It seemed perfectly reasonable to spend the rest of her life in his arms , and she felt his hands gently rub her back .
tr	I	He knew Sebastian had some feelings for her and he knew he had some feelings for her .
tr	O	He flipped the purple cover open and his jaw went slack with surprise as he read the first page .
tr	I	With the street behind them clear , there wasn 't much chance of any aggression from behind , but they were almost robotic in their sentry positions .
tr	O	I didn 't move from his embrace , but I didn 't hug him either .
tr	I	The streets were quiet as we cruised over to the station , and it was after one in the morning now .
tr	I	She can 't be held at fault for something out of her control , but she looks like her .
tr	I	Steam still rose from its golden brown lace crust , and the pie was sitting on the sill over the sink .
tr	O	I 'm still deep in a tremendous grief , but I know I 'll get over it .
tr	O	She began texting again immediately and her partner began to snicker .
tr	O	His fingers wrapped around the thick base of his shaft , so taut his knuckles instantly blanched , and he hissed in a breath .
tr	O	They both looked narrow and they both looked dark .
tr	O	He was going to be the first to reach the dragon and he was going to slay it with his bare immortal hands .
tr	I	Cadmus wrapped his arms around me , pressing his forehead to mine and my breath caught in my throat as I read .
tr	I	His days settled into more of a routine , and once he no longer spent hours sleeping every day , his meals were regularized .
tr	O	She was quiet , but she also looked excited .
tr	I	The media starts focusing on uncovering evidence of a conspiracy , and the newspapers forget NASA has found proof of extraterrestrial life .
tr	O	Some of the girls look at Laura with sympathy , but I notice a few girls rolling their eyes .
tr	O	One of the guides pointed and they ran in that direction as a unit .
tr	O	They had a blue nursery , and a name already picked out .
tr	O	I had never had much trouble with lying , not that I was an incessant liar , but usually I only lied when I really needed to .
tr	I	I step on her heel , and Lynn stops short .
tr	O	An image of Michael flashed through my mind , and I wondered if my ex-husband was alone tonight .
tr	O	Eastward they must sail , but ever west their hearts returned .
tr	I	Then so is everyone else 's , but it 's so involved .
tr	I	The receptionist rushed down the hall and the doors opened .
tr	I	Only one was occupied , but there were several rooms .
tr	I	She needed to gather up what she could , and Galloping out of town with nothing was just flat-out dumb .
tr	I	My heart beat faster , blood humming in my veins as my anger grew , and my eyes silvered .
tr	I	There was nothing , but I looked around for something , anything , to impale the bastard the moment he stepped outside the room .
tr	I	Now I don ´ t know what ´ s going on in my head and I mean this past weekend I felt fine .
tr	I	She couldn 't run with the poison in her body paralyzing her , and they couldn 't dissolve into mist with the poisonous vapor surrounding them .
tr	I	The wall was flat , but the shape of a door was cut into the stone .
tr	O	I wanted Apollo to do it now , because I had the patience of a hyena , but I could understand why he couldn 't .
tr	O	It doesn 't do much for her pallid complexion , but it 's pretty all the same .
tr	O	Sable had never called him by his first name before and somehow the simple familiarity touched him in a way he hadn 't experienced in centuries .
tr	O	Nora knew that Adel was a player but this news took her completely off guard .
tr	I	Savannah stopped her but she started to fall back .
tr	I	Two strong hands clamp over my shoulders and the sliding door opens behind us .
tr	O	They were supposed to be driving to Carl 's ranch to get to work on the garden , but Jamie had just gone in the wrong direction .
tr	I	I knew it wasn 't , but I tried to keep my voice even .
tr	I	I 'm a survivor , and my name is Wes Michels .
tr	I	Other groups were working on putting the parts together , and more workers yet hovered around small electronic assemblies .
tr	I	Viola cried a lot and Mia remembered Viola who was quite a big girl in this camp .
tr	O	Duane had not only been his mentor , but Colin also considered them to be friends .
tr	I	I need to be ready and I need to be strong .
tr	O	A strangled laughed escaped his throat , and he turned back to watch them .
tr	I	His lungs ached and his feet pounded .
tr	I	She was the one he called on when he needed something important done , and the stern warrior smiled more when Matisse was around .
tr	I	Something equally poetic , or most thought she had met her demise by fire .
tr	O	She latched onto Hayden 's arm and a huge smile crossed her face .
tr	I	She would rise to the challenge , and she knew what to do .
tr	O	The sudden shift in his position was something she didn 't expect , and she fell to the ground .
tr	O	Dim moonlight made a halo out of his hair , and his eyes glittered gold like a cat 's .
tr	O	Now much of the speech of cats was known to Randy Carter , and in this far terrible place she uttered the cry that was suitable .
tr	I	One I prefer not to support , but I do not have anything against whores , a necessary trade if you ask me .
tr	O	Annie looked behind Heath to see Diana in an almost there outfit , barefoot , and holding a bottle of wine in one hand .
tr	I	She was still sure she 'd never heard it before , but the voice sounded different in person than on the phone .
tr	I	It was a different kind of anger , but he was still angry .
tr	I	They climbed aboard while the ship safety staff members were busy loading up the other boats , and everyone ran for it .
tr	I	She began to relax slightly and its solid stone walls stood out proudly against the white of the snow .
tr	I	It passed her by , but Stanley gave Marcia his best frown .
tr	O	He moaned , and it was a sound of pleasure .
tr	I	He found the options and she handed it over .
tr	O	Eve typed in the code and he rolled into the spot adjacent to the one that held her car .
tr	O	I shouldn 't raise his hopes , but while my breathing steadied , I stood quiet .
tr	O	I tried to kick him , but my restraints held me back .
tr	I	It smelled just like him and it was so warm .
tr	O	I felt a sudden jolt in that hand , and I jerked it back with a startled oath .
tr	O	He had delivered this message many times before , but this time took on a new meaning .
tr	I	She walks in and I step aside .
tr	I	He pushed me back down , but I got up again .
tr	I	I began to shake and something surged through me .
tr	I	It was simply too far away , but her eyes flicked to the pool of water .
tr	O	I could feel burning emotion growing inside , but I tried to smother it from within .
tr	O	Stars danced in front of my eyes but I kept them open , transfixed .
tr	O	We took one step in Charlie 's direction and he ran .
tr	O	I didn 't want to be one of those women who follow a man 's every command , and yet I found myself doing as he bid .
tr	I	A flame ignites in the center , and she doesn 't say anything as she holds out her other hand , opening her fingers .
tr	O	You 'll probably tell someone in Columbia , and the whole thing will come crashing down on me .
tr	I	I 'd thought she 'd disconnected and Kiowa got quiet on the line .
tr	I	Those three little words are truly worth giving my full attention to , but an announcement like this one might not seem so extraordinary to some .
tr	O	I had been fantasizing about Rhys for a month and he was the only thing that felt ... Safe .
tr	I	The general was nowhere in sight , but Grey glanced over his shoulder , toward the hillock where Wolfe had stood earlier .
tr	I	It doesn 't stop me from using my legs , but I cry out in pain .
tr	I	She 'd learned to accept it , but she wasn 't good at pain .
tr	I	The entreaty in his expression surprised her , and he rose up to see her face .
tr	I	Suddenly a tear started rolling down her cheek and she could feel herself getting choked up .
tr	O	All too soon the dance ended , and another song began .
tr	O	Good thing she was standing behind him , or he might have noticed her face had turned a deep shade of red .
tr	I	The sidewalks are covered in murky puddles and rain is drizzling from the gloomy clouds .
tr	O	He sat on the bed and she walked slowly towards him .
tr	O	Using my leg , I swept out the broken man 's feet and he fell back on the ground .
tr	O	Lynn Liggett was a homicide detective , and she was as tall as Arthur , which made her tall for a woman .
tr	I	She stifled it quickly , but a laugh burst out of Erin 's throat , sounding slightly hysterical at the edges .
tr	I	He didn 't answer the phone , but she called Carl at the hospital in Germany .
tr	O	He gave it a turn but the door did not open .
tr	I	I was blushing so badly and my heart was beating fast .
tr	I	He covered the distance between them lightning fast and his gaze sharpened .
tr	O	Obviously , we don 't need that much runway , but I bet the heavy , big boys do when they take off .
tr	I	She had thought she would shatter from the fear , and she would have no defense against this new little person .
tr	O	I tried hard to keep my resolve , but his nearness made it oh so hard .
tr	O	His fingers linger over it , and I wonder what he 's going to do , what 's hidden underneath that ordinary looking red brick .
tr	O	I told him we were just friends , and he seems to want more than friendship , if you know what I mean .
tr	O	It was a questioning , almost hopeful whimper against his mouth , and at any other moment he 'd taunt her for it .
tr	O	Cas calmly goes to sit next to Dallas , but Realm has angled his body so he can step in front of me if he has to .
tr	I	As the rest heard him say this , they all checked their bags for salt and Sam replied .
tr	O	It was quite large by Sandra 's thinking and it had a small wall around the perimeter .
tr	I	I fire twice , sending the two closest pursuers down and I am shocked at the amount of walkers actually here .
tr	I	Her sister Stephanie stood up beside him , and Decker asked as he , his mate Dani .
tr	O	She would try to hold things together as long as she could , and while she was holding on , she 'd hope for a miracle .
tr	I	Ash quickened his pace as we approached , and a narrow door was embedded in the thick trunk .
tr	O	Gratefully he remembered that today was Sunday and he didn 't have watch until four .
tr	O	Appearing small and meek was a great way to avoid confrontation .
tr	I	Then returned holding one , and the elderly man hobbled to another section of the room .
tr	O	The back door to the room opens and I almost weep with relief : Isaiah .
tr	I	She shivered in response , and he brushed his thumb up at the top of her spine until it reached her hairline .
tr	I	She would if push came to shove but she hated lying to all her brothers .
tr	O	He was completely naked , and I squealed with satisfaction .
tr	O	I wanted to believe it wasn 't my fault , but Mindi was hurt after Kennedy had chewed him out .
tr	I	He made it special for me and he knew it was my first time .
tr	O	His mother would be happy , and he would be free to pursue other activities .
tr	I	They flashed with telltale yellow and the light caught his eyes .
tr	I	We can hear your rotors but we can 't see you .
tr	I	Kalen saw the fire burn in his Commander 's eyes , and Ryo looked at his XO .
tr	I	They all wept freely and they all laughed heartily .
tr	O	He reached for her head , but she jerked back .
tr	I	The thing starts spinning , and my thumb glides over a bump near the bottom .
tr	O	He means a lot to me and I have fun being with him .
tr	O	Well I am very sorry sir , but that is just not good enough .
tr	O	His eyebrows shot up in surprise that became hilarity , and then he was letting out peal after peal of laughter .
tr	O	Inside the church he stared at the renaissance paintings of the saints , and the huge bronze crucifix hanging over the altar .
tr	I	Then exercise wasn 't supposed to be , but that didn 't sound like much fun .
tr	I	On the inside I was coming unraveled , but I smiled .
tr	O	The cat being a loner could be a drawback but it was possible he might just need some tenderness .
tr	O	Brian saw they were all looking at him with a species of dreadful fascination , and he laughed uncomfortably .
tr	I	Most of the citizens here weren 't trained to fight , either , but it didn 't seem sporting when the creatures had no ranged weapons .
tr	O	My dress was at my ankles , restricting my movement but I was just wide enough that I could feel just how wet I was .
tr	I	He raced through his options , and the fog in Craig 's mind lifted a little .
tr	O	It fought back , but the axe helped .
tr	O	I 've never understood the criminal mind , and probably never will .
tr	I	Now it was evident that she did possess at least some ability to speak and he had many questions .
tr	I	This nasty rain would turn to snow , and a tad colder .
tr	I	I relax according to my training and it gives me comfort to grip it .
tr	I	She was full of glib comments that gave no clue to her character , but her name I didn 't catch .
tr	O	I felt my heart break and I dropped my hands to my sides .
tr	I	Sarah had to strain to hear , and she still spoke as if she were telling a secret .
tr	O	The man didn 't know it yet , but he didn 't have one .
tr	O	She laughed lightly and we both walked along the shoreline .
tr	O	He can go round treating her like an object , but I was in the wrong for putting him straight .
tr	O	I don 't know if the bribe 's working but he 's getting plenty of beta-carotene .
tr	I	She was whole and she was alive .
tr	O	He needed to be in his comfort zone , and his room wasn 't his comfort zone anymore .
tr	O	I 'm not sure what the etiquette is here , but I can 't stop looking .
tr	I	It made her feel very small , very lost and she heard the forlorn sound of her own voice .
tr	I	It ran in dark red rivulets down the cushions , like blood from a wound and in his passion he had spilt some wine .
tr	I	It was thick , even had a little wave and his hair was black , so black it shone .
tr	I	This was just too wonderful to keep to herself but normally she would have waited until the weekend .
tr	O	Margaret blushed , and Allan guessed he had the truth of it .
tr	I	He cared about her , and she cared about Zander .
tr	O	Not that I can 't win if I 'm pushed , but I can 't do it fairly , like you can .
tr	I	There were markings on her left shoulder , and she had no shoes on her feet .
tr	I	The need to get him nak * d was also fading , but she didn 't hit him , of course .
tr	O	She started to close the door , but I stopped it with my foot .
tr	O	He didn 't understand the compulsion , but before he realized what he was doing , he pulled out the photo .
tr	I	I was blind with rage and I felt insanity overcome me .
tr	O	They were already cooled down , but the chocolate was still melted .
tr	I	Olivia kept a tight grasp , but Sarah tried to pull away .
tr	I	We both knew what I meant , but it was a pathetic way to phrase it .
tr	O	Emeline had never felt this wild in her life , not even with Danny , and that thought made her bite her lip .
tr	I	I could hear the strain in his voice , but he was showing an exorbitant amount of control .
tr	O	We got back to my apartment and we both got ready for bed .
tr	I	She 'd gotten this far , but she wasn 't playing fair .
tr	O	The suite took up the entire top floor of the small hotel and it was the size of a large two-bedroom apartment .
tr	I	He 'd never expected her to encourage him , but he 'd told himself he wouldn 't touch her .
tr	I	I wouldn 't wish it on anyone else , but with some luck , I 'd made it through my attack .
tr	O	She had looked better , but she would do .
tr	I	Like any civilian , they were too horrified to get that involved and the creature had seen their face .
tr	O	An attorney had come by who would represent him but the evidence was so great that the only real hope was for life in prison .
tr	I	50 % attack their companions until Frosty is killed , and Mind Controlled characters 50 % dance around smiling stupidly .
tr	I	It 's not , yet it sounds like a simple question .
tr	I	I thought I saw you and I was visiting a patient .
tr	I	A droplet of red swelled outside his thumb and he pulled away .
tr	I	He squinted wishing he had his shades handy and the light was bright .
tr	I	I can 't see him and they pull Trystan away from me .
tr	O	Whatever he was involved in was extremely dangerous , and now I was in the thick of it .
tr	O	Crickets chirped a lazy tune , and moonlight dripped hazy rays on the grass .
tr	O	Rex walks in wearing his swim trunks and a towel wrapped around his shoulders .
tr	I	He hoped whatever it was wouldn 't affect the mission , but she seemed better now .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to point that out to him , but he could tell just by checking if the Cadillac was in the garage .
tr	O	Jones had his rifle now and none of us budged .
tr	O	I 'm quietly walking through the kitchen when the back door opens and Jacey steps in .
tr	O	It might be my only hope if this stunt backfired and Jackal realized that my tie to Vlad went both ways .
tr	O	I 'd felt ashamed for the last four years and I didn 't want to feel that way anymore .
tr	I	She 'd claimed she wanted the announcement to be memorable , but waiting until the party had driven her up the wall .
tr	I	I can tell by sniffing the air that it 's finally passed for certain , but Summer 's been late fading this year .
tr	I	I couldn 't ask for more than that , and I get to share this piece of my life with them for a few weeks every summer .
tr	O	It wasn 't a hundred percent confirmation that they were okay , but it was something that I could hold onto .
tr	O	Anyway , I ran to the office , to phone for an ambulance , but the phone was out of order .
tr	I	Southern California didn 't have winters like Chicago plus it had an ocean nearby and USC had a good program for that .
tr	O	Do you know there 's probably not many soldiers who would have gotten the tactical significance of what you saw , but you did .
tr	I	Micah started kissing her and they smiled at each other .
tr	O	I back step from the marble then watch Mama and my sister hit the bathroom .
tr	O	She had her reasons , and that was all they needed to know .
tr	O	I heard the door shut and Marcus let out a defeated sigh .
tr	O	I don 't object when he hands me a test and we spend the rest of the class period in silence .
tr	O	I don 't want to kill you just yet , but I don 't want to short change you either .
tr	O	I knew I sounded like an idiot , but I had no idea what to say .
tr	O	It wasn 't an unpleasant sensation , but neither was it exactly agreeable .
tr	O	News of the valley spread quickly , and Luna 's people readied their wagons for the short journey .
tr	O	It was beautiful , western cut , a white stripe down the back , but just looking at it gave me the shivers .
tr	I	It didn 't take long before the whimpers turned into screams , tears running down her cheeks and she started whimpering .
tr	I	That could happen anytime , but Jackson hadn 't turned yet .
tr	I	In that moment Colby knew he 'd be able to sleep , and Fatigue greeted him like an old comrade .
tr	I	I did , but I wasn 't sure how I knew it .
tr	O	He 's flapping his wings furiously , and then he shifts into cat form .
tr	O	A giant grin etches across Raul 's big face and he wriggles his bushy brows at me .
tr	I	They intended to make her pay , and they blamed her for what was happening in Captive 's Sound .
tr	O	The comment was light , meant as a joke , but she stiffened , color flowing over her cheeks .
tr	O	She held it tight and Marie started to shake .
tr	I	I could see blood , but there were no bodies .
tr	I	She stopped him with a finger on his chin , but he bent down to kiss her hand .
tr	O	He 'd watched her wake before and it always sent tingles through him , watching her take the first breath of the evening .
tr	I	They were free and moments later followed .
tr	I	Jem didn 't return the smile , but Will grinned .
tr	O	Valentine 's hand moved , and Magnus only just managed to catch Valentine 's wrist before he found Valentine 's blade in his heart .
tr	O	Her laughter faded quickly , and he could see the uncertainty floating in her gorgeous blue eyes .
tr	I	She 'd just cornered Zoe with her own words , and her mother knew just how to twist a point in order to make her own .
tr	I	Then realized you weren 't staying there alone , and he might 've come to the house , hoping to see you .
tr	O	In a moment of weakness , he 'd visited Joni , but Isaac 's picture reminded him of her treachery .
tr	O	One of the captains has rerouted his Peacemakers to intercept , but I 'm not sure how much good it will do .
tr	O	Your brother takes up a few of those pages , and no phone calls are going to erase those pages .
tr	O	I knew you 'd forgive me , and I 'm glad I did it .
tr	O	Such analysis was not yet admissible in court , but Morton knew his suspect wouldn 't know that .
tr	O	Her heart started pounding and she stayed very still .
tr	I	Both were excited , and both had worries .
tr	O	She had been tempted a few times , but she knew her parents in Pennsylvania wouldn 't approve .
tr	O	Sometimes I had to be all Huntress or there was no surviving the pain .
tr	O	I know I should be alarmed , but I 'm not .
tr	O	I exhale a long sigh of relief and I feel like the weight of the world has slipped from my shoulders .
tr	O	The moon was for scientists , and Speed was not a scientist .
tr	O	His heart slowed and his muscles relaxed .
tr	I	His nostrils flared as he took a deep breath , and I did as I was told .
tr	O	I am not a surgeon , and it has been a long time since I studied anatomy in school .
tr	I	He was already gone , but I looked up to ask the delivery guy for more information .
tr	I	She wanted to be there for all aspiring writers , and she created this magazine , because people are always coming to her for literary advice .
tr	I	Her black eyes were wicked bright , and she 'd pulled off her helmet .
tr	I	My father did not respect God , but I should be loyal to my father .
tr	I	There 's a spare computer in the library you can use but I have a private office .
tr	O	I 've already seen Lewis 's entire collection , but I didn 't have much else to do .
tr	I	You turn again to the paintings , and she disappears , so to speak .
tr	I	He suspected that she 'd locked her bedroom door as well , and he wasn 't surprised that Singer slept in the room with her .
tr	O	The authorities pleaded for people to stop but we were no longer listening .
tr	O	In the days since the blowup , she 'd walked carefully around him , treated him with exaggerated care , but the price to her was high .
tr	O	Chapter 17 Sunday , 3 p.m. Café Du Monde was always filled with tourists in springtime , but Forte still braved the crowds from time to time .
tr	O	She stopped several times to look back , but it seemed as if no one had noticed her escape .
tr	I	He stayed calm but his heart leapt to his mouth .
tr	I	It didn 't look like anything special to him , but sure enough the parcel he was given did appear to be pottery .
tr	O	I draw sprit figures , but I have never seen one .
tr	I	It already felt like a lifetime ago , but it had only been days since I 'd seen him last .
tr	I	We have to consider everything , but I 'm not saying he wasn 't involved .
tr	I	These oldsters would know she was a teenager , and one good look at her face .
tr	I	It wasn 't surprising they were together , but Mike knew for a fact they weren 't on duty today .
tr	I	It left me hot all the same , but it was a sweet , affectionate kiss .
tr	I	She stopped laughing , but I didn 't see the look he gave Charlotte .
tr	O	I 'm pretty much impervious to odour by now , but judging by Julie 's expression , it 's foul .
tr	O	It 's been almost a month since I 've been gone , but it feels like I haven 't seen her in an eternity .
tr	O	I knew who you were , everyone does , and I thought it couldn 't do no harm .
tr	O	She 'd have to pull the web of Compulsion off layer by layer , and if she made a mistake , she could very easily kill him .
tr	I	Her eyes , usually glowing with keen vibrancy , now became dull , lifeless orbs , and all fight left her .
tr	I	No words came out , but Emily 's mouth opened .
tr	O	He had seen beautiful women in Parma , but they all spoke a different language .
tr	O	The blurry pool wall loomed just ahead , and she lunged for the electronic timing pad on the wall .
tr	I	It makes her jump and I slam the cupboard .
tr	O	Jake had already given up , but Kiara 's mind was running .
tr	I	It was one of those theories hard to prove , but the debate still raged in all the major universities .
tr	I	Somehow this works , yet we 're from two different worlds .
tr	I	Then I didn 't know what to do , and the plastic took about two minutes to open .
tr	O	She tried to grab hold of me again , but I stepped away .
tr	I	She was not going to back down from him , but she was possibly looking her death in the eye .
tr	O	His eyes were a deep , dark blue and he donned a perfectly straight smile .
tr	O	His knees were stiff and a few dark splotches on his trousers suggested he 'd grazed them , drawing a small amount of blood .
tr	I	Again , somehow , James had survived , and what remained of his regiment had been torn apart in the Second Marne .
tr	O	It 's like everything between us and around us is in sync .
tr	O	The search produced a single change of clothes , not especially clean , and a thick tattered notebook held together with two rubber bands .
tr	O	Carol asked him to light the candles and when Steve had , they sat down to eat .
tr	I	He was quite used to the shock by now , but the water was icy cold .
tr	O	We could both be going as juniors but there was no convincing Kat .
tr	O	The eighth is a muscular man dressed in a leather jacket with short hair , but an equally menacing scowl .
tr	I	They set out in triumph for the city and one of his men retrieved the boy 's weapons .
tr	O	I couldn 't remember any other dances that I 'd attended , but it didn 't matter .
tr	O	She could call Isaac , but what could he do ?
tr	O	Everyone told me not to and I stood up for you .
tr	O	Somebody needs to confer with Uncle Henry about the household debt , but it won 't be me .
tr	I	You have to face him , and it 's your nightmare .
tr	O	He couldn 't see the enemy fighters in it yet , but it would be too late by the time he could .
tr	I	The order of battle was decided and Stoltz ducked under the hurtling spikes .
tr	O	It wasn 't lit yet , but a large pile of freshly cut wood stood piled on top of each other , ready for the cooler evening .
tr	I	It had seemed the same as this , and it had hit the city a glancing blow .
tr	I	The cold air from the vents felt like heaven , but her heart lurched as the window crept up , sealing them in together .
tr	I	Zook dragged the boy out and the stone came free .
tr	I	He wouldn 't make them suffer for his foolishness , and this was his family 's money .
tr	O	The subject of his middle name has never come up and I 've only known him for a matter of days .
tr	O	I 'm not sure we need a gunner on a diplomatic mission , but given my track record , it 's not a terrible idea .
tr	O	I heard him squirt more lubricant on his finger and again he repeated this procedure .
tr	I	My eye caught a familiar sight on the page , but I moved the cursor up to click the browser closed .
tr	O	I shrug , trying not to shiver from his touch , but it 's difficult .
tr	I	Everything was progressing as it should with the post-surgery healing , and she 'd been through a series of visits with the surgeon , Dr. Elgin .
tr	O	Blake might have had pack approval to contact me , but I very much doubted she would have asked for any message to be delivered .
tr	I	She picked it up and her work phone flashed .
tr	O	She gave me a look that was void of emotion and I froze in fear .
tr	I	Austin was scared of it , however irrational the fear was , and the note 's top right corner was poking out .
tr	I	I let him kiss me and Reed pulled me in close .
tr	I	Someone clearing his throat , and I sharpen my ears only to hear muted voices , hushed tones .
tr	I	That was before she 'd waltzed in , but he 'd told Soren no more today .
tr	I	He knew he should have , and he hadn 't considered that .
tr	O	He 'd tried to downplay the seriousness of his situation , but Julia knew how close he was to losing everything .
tr	O	Nolen had learned the patterns quickly , and though they were sloppily laid , they were correct .
tr	I	The doors opened to the lobby , and finally the box stopped for good .
tr	I	Then Aiden reached out to take my cup , setting it back on the side table , and we were quiet for a minute .
tr	I	He nodded , bending down to brush his mouth over mine and his eyes glittered .
tr	O	She 'll panic , and she 'll run .
tr	O	She feels like her skull has split open and her brains are oozing out the rough cracks .
tr	I	Tears burned the backs of my eyes , and an involuntary smile formed on my lips .
tr	O	He grinned that crooked grin , revealing a dimple in his right cheek , and warmth pooled low in my stomach .
tr	O	Allan felt a spurt of anger and he strove to keep his voice even .
tr	O	Blake 's irises glowed golden through blood shot eyes and he snarled .
tr	I	You 'll take his spot delivering pizzas and we 'll slip you back into society all ready to go .
tr	O	Their skin lay flat on their bones and their raggedy clothes flapped loose on their joints .
tr	O	Recognition flashes in his blue eyes and he narrows them , as if he 's trying to place where he has seen me .
tr	I	She found herself suddenly even more depressed than she had ever been and her stomach knotted .
tr	I	The girls described their magic to me as the line rang , and I was dialing Roland 's cell phone .
tr	O	I want to ask him what 's going on , but I 'm afraid of this getting out of hand .
tr	I	The riders stopped in the middle of the sea , and the speed slowly decreased .
tr	I	I was twenty years old , and that was in late 1997 .
tr	I	You saw through it , but I almost tricked you .
tr	O	He would discover her secret and she would be humiliated all over again .
tr	I	He backed up several paces and the force of the blow knocked the guard off balance .
tr	O	The necklace that Ben gave her earlier in the day was around her neck , and she wore no other jewelry .
tr	I	He 'd hoped against hope his father would surprise him , but if he was truthful , Ned had expected it might .
tr	I	It reduces pain and it acts like an anti-inflammatory .
tr	I	Her eyes filled with stars , and her head bounced against a rock .
tr	O	She had to reach up to open the doorknob of Jacy 's house , and all adults towered over her .
tr	O	The other one was on the skinny side , with red hair , pale skin , and covered from chest to ankle in sweats .
tr	I	We like it that way , and Writing is a solitary occupation .
tr	O	By the time I was a young woman , both my parents ' health had begun to fail .
tr	I	I tighten my arms around him , drawing myself closer to his chest , and he drops the hand at my back to search for his keys .
tr	I	She didn 't know which she was enjoying more and the pain mingled so perfectly with the pleasure that the lines blurred .
tr	O	My voice faltered , but I pushed through .
tr	I	That was not the reason anymore but sure , there were the legends .
tr	O	The return was hit hard and Dave had little time to react .
tr	O	The bowling alley is officially closed , and I take to the task of scrubbing the shit out of the pizza pans .
tr	I	She knew one thing for certain , but Ellie didn 't know what to say .
tr	I	She immediately stopped , and reaching out , he placed his palm over her shaking hands .
tr	O	We left and Jack gushed about how awesome it will be to be personally trained by Marcus Grey .
tr	O	Abe watched over us and we all knew the fighting was over .
tr	O	Shameful to admit how much he had wanted that brief taste of human blood , but it had become too important not to talk about .
tr	I	I quickly shouted the third phrase but my strength was fading .
tr	O	Her breath caught in her throat , and she lowered her head to gently soothe each cut with healing saliva .
tr	O	Too small to crawl through , unfortunately , and it looked like it just ended in a small pit of rocks anyway .
tr	O	She 'd given herself to a man she hadn 't really known and this was the result .
tr	I	I do , but they don 't care .
tr	I	That wasn 't happening , and there was nothing that could stop us , short of the boat sinking .
tr	O	Sure , he had a staff of pilots working for him , but he enjoyed the footloose lifestyle that running his own business provided .
tr	I	She stared at me without blinking , and Mina 's mouth was slightly open .
tr	I	You know what 's going to feel good , but I 'm not going to sugar coat it ?
tr	O	I scan the people around us , but it 's like we 're invisible .
tr	O	My shoulders sag in relief and I realize just how exhausted I am by the entire day .
tr	O	You said finding Ellie and me , being there at the moment you were needed most , was fate .
tr	O	The war cry had alerted the other guards at the palisade , and now the Creeks were streaming out of the village .
tr	I	The stakes were the highest , but he felt that he was challenging Ship .
tr	I	Parks next to Nathan 's pickup truck , and she drives back to the airport , to the general aviation terminal .
tr	O	Its black nose quivered in its face , and its lips curled back into another smile .
tr	O	Hardly a tree grew and dirt covered the ground .
tr	I	Kaz 's jaw tightened , and Zuzana laughed .
tr	O	She was using all her whiles to make him lose control but he wouldn 't give that to her .
tr	I	The car drove itself north and the uncontrolled steaming sprawl of Miami overcame me .
tr	O	It was simple , but it was clean .
tr	O	He tried to hide his ruthlessness behind smooth , cosmopolitan manners , but Evie had no doubts about the real nature of the man .
tr	I	He never said a word about it , but Justin had problems with the kids at school too .
tr	I	That outlet was coming in handy at the moment and he could take out his frustrations by slamming bats into baseballs .
tr	I	I heard AJ calling for me but I wanted to continue reading more .
tr	O	Trying hard not to think about Logan and the kids killed by the demon .
tr	O	I struggled to stand up , but I was a little woozy .
tr	I	He headed to the counter and they called Brandon 's name .
tr	O	Sundown brought some relief , but even that was relative .
tr	I	He did not have the luxury of time , but Toren wanted to tell her not to rush .
tr	O	Your security surveillance room got burnt , leaving one of your workers dead and we suspect a foul play .
tr	I	You didn 't die when he did , but it was a tragedy , for sure .
tr	I	I was a little shaky , but I wasn 't about to change my mind .
tr	I	He hated himself for it and he could sense it .
tr	I	I pull him against me , and my hand finds his hip .
tr	I	I was selfish , and I needed him too much .
tr	I	Something wasn 't right but I 'm not saying I could have definitely saved her .
tr	O	She chanced a look in his direction but his expression was impassive .
tr	I	We suddenly had the attention of the entire group , and Jessa moved closer .
tr	I	Curiosity won out over indignation , but their hostess sucked in her breath at this blunt order .
tr	O	She didn 't listen , and she wouldn 't stop picking up the broken pieces .
tr	I	I know that I am home and I smile .
tr	I	Jeff answers his unspoken question and Andrew appears caught off guard .
tr	I	Open hostility had to be avoided , but she felt like spitting that out at him .
tr	O	She was three years old and you cannot consciously remember many things at this age .
tr	O	Now I wasn 't exactly in the best frame of mind before that , but something really snapped at that point .
tr	O	I had let down my guard and now I was in too deep .
tr	O	They refuse , and you let them !
tr	O	She has what you 'd call an overactive imagination and sometimes she thinks the plots from Marilyn Monroe 's films are happening .
tr	I	Was enough to make everyone look as though some imaginary force was pushing them , but the decline wasn 't steep .
tr	O	Bri pulled off her hat allowing her hidden hair to fall and she caught a flinch pass through Alaina 's eyes .
tr	O	I may be angry , but I 'm also starving .
tr	O	She saw all that I was , all that I had done , and she brushed it aside to see the man behind .
tr	O	A strange expression crosses his face , and he almost drops his balloon snifter .
tr	O	A cobweb brushed against my cheek , and I let out a tiny scream .
tr	O	The groups are bigger on up ahead , and there 's a certain semblance of discipline .
tr	I	Using my magic mirror to spy on him was most definitely Not Okay , and no matter what Dex was , he was my friend .
tr	O	The fighting grows more desperate from both sides , and more wolves continue to emerge from the forest .
tr	I	I might change my mind and any more time to think .
tr	O	That didn 't consist of a lot , but he didn 't need a lot .
tr	I	Mateo didn 't think so , but Asa could have been lying .
tr	I	The fire was put out by the milk and it appeared to be a note that was set on fire .
tr	I	I wouldn 't embarrass you by bringing it up with no warning , but I 'll fight to prove myself in front of the other guards .
tr	I	A few trees managing to cling to the banks , and there was a stream at the bottom .
tr	O	A dark-haired head attached itself to his throat , and the man dropped his mouth open in what I imagined was a silent scream .
tr	O	She tried to look around , to see where he was taking her , but she couldn 't turn her head .
tr	O	To see the tall buildings and only feel a deep longing for the stars .
tr	I	She knew she could endure that but the thought of never seeing Carlo again broke her heart .
tr	O	She thought she would give him a few weeks and if he didn 't show promise , fire him .
tr	I	It wasn 't enough , but maybe it was true .
tr	O	He had wanted her , and she had wanted him .
tr	O	MaryAnn thrashed , desperate to ease the pain , and her hand collided with thick fur .
tr	I	The facts were flowing and his mind was clear .
tr	O	I clicked the next slide and it flickered .
tr	I	A light wine snore was rasping from his lips and she could see a moist patch of saliva on his cheek .
tr	I	The warm spring air was refreshing nonetheless , but a thin mist hung on the air , as it had on each of the previous days .
tr	O	They met us at the padlocked gate , and one hit the button on his radio .
tr	O	Class started and I was more than happy to concentrate on economic principles rather than my love life .
tr	O	I think about burying him , but the ground is too hard .
tr	O	Shade jumped out of the line of fire with good time to spare and the wave of force hit the creatures carrying them through the main doors .
tr	O	I opened my eyes , but it was still completely black .
tr	O	There was something missing in both of us , and when we first met there , we found it in each other .
tr	I	It made me almost run after him just to keep up and he was a quick walker .
tr	O	Spencer stared out the window blankly , but perhaps there was a tiny hint of disappointment on her face .
tr	I	That was the first hurdle , and he couldn 't manage the climb unaided .
tr	I	They felt so right , the perfect fit and I felt Luke 's lips against mine .
tr	I	His faith in himself slipped , yet she had to trust him .
tr	I	Suddenly he drew away , but we kissed again .
tr	I	She stops and she sees me looking .
tr	O	Violence , and I really liked that .
tr	I	Perhaps she would get better because she had to now , and people would be kind to her , kinder than I could manage .
tr	I	It 's a dance thing , and they get all dressed up .
tr	O	His brow relaxed and he looked at me amused .
tr	I	The greasy fry flew out of his land and I batted it away .
tr	O	Andrew is handing his little girl over to me today and that is something I 'm not going to take lightly .
tr	O	My comrades fired away , so did I , but there were too many .
tr	I	I knew then that the Elder realized what was coming and Sofia 's eyes were lit with anguish .
tr	O	She was certain she must look ridiculous , but just then she couldn 't bring herself to care .
tr	I	Any further discussion would be a waste of time and he needed the upper hand before pushing .
tr	O	Days go by and they talk of nothing else .
tr	I	The dream continued , and he was touching her .
tr	O	The other directors laughed , but it was half-hearted , uncomfortable .
tr	I	It was still nice to have familiar faces around her but she didn 't particularly like any of the people who were getting fired .
tr	O	That might not be a good thing , but it meant I wasn 't a tool to be used anymore , either .
tr	I	At first we dismissed it , and she had come up with it , just like that .
tr	O	We were in the hall , and we were alone .
tr	O	I took a deep breath , let it out ... and the pain stopped .
tr	I	I don 't know about theirs but it 's worth my time .
tr	I	I hear her gasp and Marcus replies matter of fact .
tr	O	She was stunning , just as her father was , and I dressed her in outfits I created myself , indulging in my wardrobe cravings again .
tr	I	Here he was , giving me the best gift I had ever received , yet I had pushed him away because he deserved someone better than me .
tr	O	Ben tried to lift his hand , but he couldn 't tell where it was .
tr	I	Maybe he 'd been too focused on Jason , but Jason didn 't know how he could 've missed it when he 'd first entered the room .
tr	O	I can hear my sister talking , but the words are like smoke , drifting past me .
tr	O	Her gaze was soft on his face , her expression filled with longing but he could see fear there as well .
tr	O	For a while , the dragon followed Mike up the stairs , but it ultimately gave up on this endeavor .
tr	O	Being careful in where she stepped she reached the door and passed through it .
tr	O	It wasn 't anything I didn 't already know , but I still nodded , feeling that at least I 'd tried my best .
tr	O	They would grow up feeling abandoned by their parents , and no amount of logic would offset that primitive response .
tr	I	This room - for that matter , this entire spacecraft - was one big Rorschach , but he 'd never really considered it before .
tr	O	I just spoke with Hawk and he tells me that the American President has finally decided to act .
tr	I	It made her sad for the loss of her people , and she had never imagined a relationship could be so good .
tr	I	They started fighting and he walked past two guys .
tr	O	They went down and Walt pushed the door .
tr	O	I was as deep in the madness as I could go , but it was useless .
tr	I	I already feel the delightful numbness spreading , and one tiny prick into the skin of my side .
tr	I	His tongue felt unnatural , swollen , but he struggled to say something .
tr	I	They were moving away from her , and two days to make the Earth .
tr	I	Things were a little too crazy with the Sato case right now to add her into the mix , but I knew it was silly .
tr	O	Nilo gripped it , and the pair began walking slowly out into the hall .
tr	I	I pushed him back down , but he struggled to get up .
tr	I	You never bothered to tell me that and we were together for over eight years .
tr	I	He didn 't move , but he watched her with his wild gaze .
tr	O	Linc wasn 't sure how his father-in-law had done it , but Leonard clearly had friends in high places .
tr	O	Clary looked at Jace for clarification , but he seemed as puzzled as she was .
tr	I	It came , and he fumbled .
tr	I	I began to have some doubts about what we were supposed to do , and I looked at it when we got there .
tr	I	Flushed in the sand and she was tempting , lying there half nak * d .
tr	O	He pursed his lips thoughtfully , but it was all for show .
tr	I	The rest of the mansion might not be as comfortable , but the fireplace was lit , making this room cozily warm .
tr	O	It 's barely held together but there 's a community there .
tr	I	These had an ordinary binding , but more copies of Jared 's account .
tr	I	She didn 't think you needed to be clever to put out fires but both were really important jobs .
tr	O	It was fleeting , but it was enough .
tr	O	At each lurch a tiny cry escaped Crista 's throat , and tears streaked her cheeks .
tr	I	His laughter erupted and a dozen hands shot up .
tr	O	When I was taking drink orders , they all hushed up , and when I was walking away , they 'd start their conversation back up .
tr	I	He was happy with the replacement all the same , but sure , Antal Justus was no match for the old captain .
tr	I	I 'm not anxious to repeat the process , but otherwise we feel okay .
tr	O	Her reign was over though and times had shifted to darker ones .
tr	O	She had underestimated them though and her pack was severely decimated .
tr	O	Hecate screamed , and I knew then it would work .
tr	I	No one hassled her about her origins , and now Andrea was mate to the Guardian .
tr	I	It doesn 't really bother me , and I 'm used to the feeling .
tr	O	We have to speak to this man first and you need to be there .
tr	I	I don 't plan to tell them , and nobody in the firm knows .
tr	I	It sounded right , but I didn 't know what that would look like .
tr	I	The braves came running , and the general cried the alarm .
tr	I	It was apparent that he had not succeeded in removing the slow poison from the royal spring , but Heather understood little of what he said .
tr	O	One person made this entire album possible , and she 's standing with us right now .
tr	I	He shrugged it off but his disappointment was clear .
tr	O	His calmness clearly took Simmons by surprise , but the young chap rallied .
tr	O	For a moment his hand hesitated on the hilt of his sword , but then his gaze flicked to Elaina , who sat in stunned stillness .
tr	I	I glanced to the left and we crossed the hallway .
tr	I	The house appeared empty but they continued to shout for a few minutes .
tr	I	I hoped to live it with her , and I wanted to live a new life .
tr	O	It was swollen , and he had bruises all over him .
tr	O	That was the only explanation , but I 'd never heard of a witch using one .
tr	O	No one left Sho ' ful , and only fools thought to try .
tr	O	An unspoken communication passed between the two of them , and then Briggs turned to me .
tr	I	Blood poured from his mouth , and he cried out in pain .
tr	I	She didn 't look up but she must have seen me .
tr	I	Her palms grew moist and Maddie 's heart raced .
tr	O	He felt the woman bring the sword up for the killing blow , and in that moment he kicked with his right leg .
tr	O	I sat with his party for an hour last night , and he never spoke .
tr	O	You 're definite or you 're dead .
tr	I	That sounded VERY real , but he knew this was just some kind of memory device invented by Grand 's friend , Ludwig .
tr	I	I silence her with a kiss but Maggie starts to look panicked again .
tr	O	The cruiser slowly searched the enemy in hyperspace , but the enemy was nowhere to be found .
tr	O	Like making out in Alex 's room sized mistake , but I couldn 't stop myself from asking anyway .
tr	O	The laundry room door creaks open and we slip inside the tiny room barely large enough to contain both of us at the same time .
tr	I	Llama was forced to the ground , and the volume of fire was tremendous .
tr	O	I 'm breathless and my whole body is tingling .
tr	I	It would be short-lived for him , but yes , there would be pain .
tr	I	She 's the Rachel we always knew and she let go of her old antics .
tr	I	Manfred thought the Rev 's eyes were weirdly yellowish , but it was hard to tell because of the brows .
tr	O	Both men smiled toward him , and that is when the mystery deepened for Moses .
tr	O	Maybe it 's somebody dangerous , and they don 't want to risk a firefight in space .
tr	I	Her eyes widened when she saw my face and Claudia looked up at the sound of it .
tr	O	She knew it was the wrong time to ask this , but she couldn 't help herself .
tr	O	Liam only nodded , but Sean was pulled to Connor 's distress .
tr	I	No sound came out but he opened his mouth .
tr	I	The Hart Mackenzie she 'd fallen in love with years ago shone through , and his smile went wider .
tr	O	His face was tense and his voice was strained .
tr	O	There was a hanging bar of clothes in one corner , and I recognized the ensemble I 'd seen in Loring Park .
tr	O	I should have gone out the back , being a servant , but he said he didn 't want me walking through the kitchens .
tr	I	It seems fitting , but it 's the first word that comes to mind .
tr	O	Tears flood my eyes now and I let out a sob .
tr	I	Werewolf pregnancies were notoriously difficult , notoriously painful , but Lone wolves were under enough strain going it alone in normal circumstances .
tr	O	The Crows winged in , and the horse ran off .
tr	O	He bowed to all of us , but his attention was on Willa the moment he lifted his head .
tr	O	Ivy would want me to try to convert the boy , but she wasn 't here .
tr	I	Julie went from pleading for him to stop to just begging him to finish , and he raped her for more minutes than she could count .
tr	O	she asked , her expression admonishing , but she could barely contain a smile .
tr	O	Leanne had managed to reach one of the openings before he could run her down , but he had her blocked in .
tr	O	My jeans were thick enough to absorb the brunt of it , and he must have known that .
tr	O	Her legs had finally given out , and she 'd stopped here at the staircase .
tr	I	Dull introductions flitted by without Rick noticing , and the meeting had started a while back .
tr	O	He gave Jack a big hug , and Jack beamed with pride .
tr	I	She didn 't , but he growled .
tr	I	I was about up to my ears , but I can take a lot of paternalism .
tr	O	He 'd gotten hit in the head with the mast , and he was bleeding .
tr	O	Travis is throwing Abby a surprise party on Sunday , and he 's going to give it to her then .
tr	I	I cannot be their mother but I work very hard to give them this life .
tr	O	I don 't know if your Mummy told you , but I 'm working on an assignment at the moment .
tr	O	That seemed odd , but she gave it to him , anyhow .
tr	I	There might even be some truth in it , and okay , that was sweet .
tr	O	Sure , it had hurt when they 'd broken off their relationship , but in the end it just wasn 't meant to be .
tr	O	They 're not doing too well , and I 'm not either , to be honest .
tr	I	I quickly slid my meat onto her plate , and I felt a pang of something , perhaps that guilt again .
tr	I	That 's the problem - and you 've got guts !
tr	O	It must be referring to a day of the week , but what day of the week did I hate most ?
tr	O	It was a round table for two and Hiro sat across from her .
tr	I	Each speck of grit scraped across the top of her lids and she went to blink .
tr	I	It was causing her eyes to leak , and too many things were going on in her head at once .
tr	O	It didn 't work then , and it wouldn 't work now .
tr	O	The walls were painted a deep crimson , and the carpeting was a rich charcoal grey .
tr	O	He would be fine , but she would break her heart battering against his defenses .
tr	O	The position seemed to give him access to new depths in her pliant body , and he groaned as he sank inside her to the hilt .
tr	O	Pressed a kiss to her knuckles , and his tongue slid against her skin .
tr	O	I glanced at him from the corner of my eye , and he winked at me .
tr	O	I tried to keep my eyes from looking elsewhere but I saw what I searched for .
tr	O	Clay cupped my face between his hands and the look in his eyes made me feel all gooey .
tr	I	Then lets her hand fall from James , and Dallas glances up , sensing my presence .
tr	I	She stared at Laurence in open astonishment , and Captain Harcourt was drawn from her inspection of the harness by the suggestion .
tr	O	She opened her legs , and he reminded himself that this was too soon , the preliminaries having barely begun .
tr	I	Outside the window , bright lights flooded the QT grounds as three helicopters touched down in the parking lot , and the building shook .
tr	I	Verlaine shook her head , and immediately Nadia looked abashed .
tr	O	I can 't remember more , but he used to say that to my mother .
tr	I	I keep going , but I expect the shock of the Taser at any second .
tr	O	Mom found out about Stuart on our computer , and now she says she 's had enough .
tr	I	Grief flickered through her canted eyes , and her gaze moved to his throat .
tr	I	I should 've realized we shouldn 't , too and we didn 't need to do it this way .
tr	O	She looked over , and Jennifer was waving .
tr	I	I refused to be deprived of an enjoyable walk just because there was a chance of an awkward encounter and physical exercise is good for me .
tr	I	I didn 't tell her who , yet it seems like she already knew but yeah , I told her I killed some people .
tr	O	It 's safer , and there 's a loyalty .
tr	O	She replies and he rises .
tr	O	The gathering broke into small cliques and the muttering began .
tr	O	The watcher has us lace our fingers together , and then he wraps both of his large , weathered hands around ours .
tr	I	He was thinking about her , but he wasn 't looking at her .
tr	I	We shall conspire in this ignoble venture and send this disguised servant forthwith .
tr	I	Some will pour and some will slice .
tr	I	There were hardly any mentions of it , but she 'd hunted around Facebook for information about why Madeline 's brother had run away , too .
tr	O	Isidore stood holding the two handles , experiencing himself as encompassing every other living thing , and then , reluctantly , he let go .
tr	O	There was work sitting on his desk , several briefs that needed polishing , but Steven could not find the energy .
tr	I	Her face took on a shy look , and she seemed to relax in her chair .
tr	O	His eyes silently begged , but I wasn 't giving an inch .
tr	I	Her breathing was shallow and her face was pale .
tr	O	My heartstrings tugged , and I felt the tears well .
tr	O	No one ever liked to consider it , but he couldn 't afford to discount it .
tr	I	She 'd heard about him on the grapevine , but not that Annie had ever attended the same parties .
tr	I	He stuck out his head to check the hall , but he swung open the door to find nobody there .
tr	I	I was expecting it , but he faked to his right .
tr	I	Summer hasn 't started , and ski season is done .
tr	O	His left hand had been saved , and his right hand lost .
tr	O	His hand was heavy , but it didn 't hurt .
tr	I	Night two was historically a night for runners , and it was his second night in Wayward Pines .
tr	O	No way was I going to pass out to some stupid prank , but some part of my brain swallowed the story whole .
tr	O	The economy of many of these towns along the coast depended , not surprisingly , on the fishing industry , but there was little else .
tr	O	The cool leather on the arm of my chair felt expensive , and the deep pile of the carpet gave me a feeling of walking on air .
tr	I	After Marius , your love is not something I want , but it was never my intention to hurt you .
tr	O	A shoulder protruded from beneath the sheets , and one arm was curled to her throat .
tr	O	Gabriel 's mother had offered before , but Rose had turned her down .
tr	O	Just the sort of man Devonshire liked and she had happily shared the hospitality of his bed for the night .
tr	I	Her discovered ability and it was an email to Abe from General Garcia , giving the location of Tracy .
tr	O	The shock caused his knees to fold and he hit the road with a thud .
tr	O	The fog in my brain cleared away and my eyes focused on his face .
tr	I	It had been Elodie all along , and here I 'd been thinking I was just useless .
tr	O	The comment was odd but I didn 't want to think about anything like that , not tonight .
tr	I	The human government never had to know Shifters had gathered there , and a score of Shifters could blend in with the human bikers easily .
tr	O	One is physical and the other is mental .
tr	O	The food arrived and it was a repeat of last nights feast , only on a smaller scale .
tr	O	I expected indignation , but he surprises me .
tr	O	She started to rise up , to place herself in a more powerful position physically , but Sweet Dove 's hand was on her shoulder .
tr	I	Chance had to be starving , and it had been ages since I had the peanut butter sandwich in the SUV .
tr	O	I can live with my husband risking his life because that 's who he is and I wouldn 't change him .
tr	I	You will go free and bring her to us now .
tr	I	She does the same , and I wish her good luck .
tr	I	The scene didn 't change , but I blinked a few times .
tr	O	She nodded , and her gaze shifted to me again .
tr	I	His genes have been modified for strength , not beauty , but he 's gen mod like York .
tr	I	She wasn 't brave enough to join her friend , but it had been so hard for Thimble to let it happen without protesting .
tr	I	Well stocked with books filling one wall , but it was a small room .
tr	O	He was understandably stressed , but I got him laughing .
tr	I	He will know what I am doing , but I can use her .
tr	I	Now only his clothes were hanging on the rail , but Karla had hung their things there when she 'd unpacked .
tr	I	The revelation freaks me out more than it calms me , but about halfway through , I realize how comfortable I feel .
tr	O	She laughed heartily , and I did too .
tr	O	She 'd vanished from view , and still Gary stood there .
tr	I	Max is speaking to them , and everyone else is already in the conference room .
tr	O	I feel like a blank slate and I feel like I can write whatever I want onto mine .
tr	I	He didn 't want anyone to worry ... but he should have talked to the band .
tr	I	He did , but I felt so ridiculous to wish that he won 't let go .
tr	I	Simon showed up on the stroke of the hour , but they were a few minutes early .
tr	O	I have long hair and it 's pretty thick .
tr	O	The twisting streambed made a sharp bend to the right , and they rode into the light of the newly risen sun .
tr	O	The garter straps framed her ass nicely and he decided she could keep that particular item of clothing on .
tr	O	Her face flushed red and she gave me an awkward smile .
tr	O	The flow of energy coming from Iain stuttered , and the fire simply stopped lurching from her body .
tr	I	Jax stood in the shadowed area between two streetlights , but she jumped , turned .
tr	O	Zach was saved by his ringing phone , and he padded out of the dressing room hallway to take the call .
tr	I	Samael 's already started reconditioning her and her mind has already been wiped .
tr	O	Images of Sunday morning brunches with Michael , and walking in the park to let the wind blow away their hangovers , besieged her brain .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure which way it would go , but he was hell bent on pulling the truth out of somebody .
tr	O	Tess had succeeded not only in alienating the head laundry maid by her impertinence , but she had drawn attention to her sister 's illness besides .
tr	I	She lashed its legs off before it got the chance to attack , but it began to move toward her .
tr	I	I could barely see more than a few feet through the impenetrable bushes , but I glanced around .
tr	I	Many of them had multiple heads , and the bodies were small , disfigured .
tr	O	Fourteen minutes to make a fifteen-minute drive to school , and Adam not waiting .
tr	I	She didn 't have his personality but Della looked like her birth father .
tr	O	Well , it was him , but he wouldn 't do something like that .
tr	O	This was their home and they did not feel , the need to defend themselves .
tr	I	He didn 't seem to care , but in seconds , a rainstorm had visited the front of his white shirt .
tr	O	It was as if a weight had been lifted off of Reginald , but he wasn 't the only one who felt the change .
tr	O	You 'll ruin her reputation , and her status will soon follow .
tr	I	He fingered the cut and his hand rose slowly .
tr	O	She waved at me , and then she was gone .
tr	O	He did not apply any pressure , but the vulnerable position she was in awoke something primal in her , submission to a being stronger than herself .
tr	O	She hadn 't said what she wanted to discuss and she 'd evaded the question when he 'd asked .
tr	O	He 'd left the wife behind , but no one else had been mentioned .
tr	I	That was all , but they were excited .
tr	O	Eddie shoots me a questioning glance , but she can 't hold it in .
tr	I	I 'm speeding , and I also have a silenced 9 mm handgun in the car .
tr	I	Its wheels moaned , and his chair wheezed .
tr	O	She was always looking over her shoulder and she was naturally afraid to be pregnant .
tr	I	I merely raised an eyebrow in response and my sleepy cheek rested against the door .
tr	O	The freezing was still working , but I sensed the first signs of discomfort waiting in the shadows .
tr	I	She would never truly belong to him , but it was the only way Riley could deal with knowing Hannah might be married to him .
tr	I	He had Lily close by and Dan was silent .
tr	I	Now he was reaping the punishment that was due to the true prankster , and all this godliness had just been a prank played on him .
tr	O	Then she screamed , and the world shattered .
tr	O	Violet tried to resist , but it took her anyway .
tr	I	He laughed and I joked .
tr	O	Her big brown eyes searched his and she shrugged a shoulder helplessly .
tr	I	He held her so she didn 't stumble , but he allowed her to pull him forward .
tr	I	He was still handsome , but he might be drunk .
tr	I	For a moment I allowed myself to lean against her , and Mother wrapped her arms around me .
tr	O	The man 's forward momentum carried him behind cover , but Show knew the shot was almost certainly fatal .
tr	I	His classes took him to other buildings , but their father taught at New Hope school , too .
tr	I	Its screen shut again and he set down a small cooler , carefully sliding the glass .
tr	I	When she 'd smiled , he 'd felt like he could conquer anything and her eyes had been luminous .
tr	I	I care about him , but I 've only known him a few weeks .
tr	O	Hang the freaking phone up or I will beat the hell out of you .
tr	I	Without a hold on the reins , Viktor flailed in the saddle , a hostage to his steed , and it stampeded straightaway .
tr	I	If he didn 't have to wake her again , he wouldn 't , and hours had passed since he dropped Joey off with Savannah .
tr	I	That didn 't make him popular either , but his brother was well known at school .
tr	O	They owned a home in San Diego , but they just used it as a base .
tr	I	The journey took week upon week , but in times long gone , they would assemble on beasts of burden .
tr	O	Her hand gripped the arm of the door and he eased his foot off the gas .
tr	O	I didn 't tell her why I was trying to get past the borders and I should have .
tr	O	Well , two topics really , and that 's the second one .
tr	I	Amara fell silent , and he let out a soft breath that nonetheless conveyed a warning .
tr	I	I didn 't open my yap , but it were the first response that bubbled up out of my head .
tr	I	I froze , and Raegan gasped .
tr	O	Fearing he was trying to drown me , I went for his face , but he smacked my hands away .
tr	I	The rest of the barn was dark , but Melissa had turned on the porch light .
tr	O	He sees them at church and they 're sociable to him .
tr	I	We walked along the corridor and I stepped out with Abe .
tr	O	She knows a lot of people around town , but she never seems to be close friends with anyone .
tr	I	Then run for the hills and they silently laugh at me .
tr	I	Goose bumps rose on his arms and his throat tightened .
tr	I	Every last agent will die , and he will come with a vengeance .
tr	I	His teeth nibbled and she shivered when his mouth closed over a sensitive spot .
tr	I	He took pride in taking care of his body and he worked hard to stay in shape .
tr	O	His head comes up and we make eye contact in the mirror .
tr	O	They watched the dune buggies drive away and Haven was certain that they were smiling .
tr	I	Her skin worryingly pale , and her hair was tangled around her .
tr	O	The pride wavered and Beth saw water come to his three eyes .
tr	O	Stellan rose , as Angelina did , but instead of heading for the car , she went to the edge of the wharf .
tr	O	His left eyelid was less swollen than the right , and he managed to work it open .
tr	O	A muscle at the base of his throat worked as if he were trying to speak , but he only nodded curtly .
tr	I	I laughed happily at his excitement and his eyes jumped in happiness .
tr	O	The sea of courtiers closed behind him , but the royal family insisted on its precedence .
tr	O	He shot a bullet into the wall , and a chip of the material fell off .
tr	I	Dennis was too distracted to respond , and Alena 's head was caught in the recesses of her sweatshirt .
tr	I	He hadn 't the hands available to set it right , and his cap had been knocked askew .
tr	O	All the good restaurants were French , and they were everywhere on the island .
tr	O	They tried all the walls , the ceiling , even the floor , but still the portal refused to open .
tr	O	Those guys have the bucks and Kip 's the main man .
tr	I	The voice wanted them to feel comfortable , yet there was no one besides them in the elevator .
tr	I	Even though I 'm quiet most of the time , I have a feeling I could tell him anything and he doesn 't sugarcoat anything .
tr	O	The coffin lid slammed shut , and we were enveloped in darkness .
tr	O	The settlers fled , but they came back .
tr	O	The man let go and she went slack .
tr	O	He 's got a tight grip on my face and he 's looking at me desperately , wanting me to understand where he 's coming from .
tr	I	They took in the sites as they neared the university and the stretch limo drove down the highway .
tr	O	Her muscles quivered , and she thought she heard Caleb moan .
tr	I	He had a lot , and chicks seemed to dig scars .
tr	O	My response sounded a little odd to my own ears considering I 'd rebuffed his sexual advances only weeks ago but a lot had changed since then .
tr	O	Sawyer pulled my shoulder back and I could hear her lightly crying .
tr	I	Near one is a tiny dot of blood , and the light reflects off a few tiny shards along the top of her foot .
tr	I	They all burst into laughter , and there was a brief pause .
tr	I	There 's a pleased smile on his face , but he looks worn down from working on the machinery in the Lecture Hall .
tr	I	Still she was ill at ease , but the night was pungent with sea smells .
tr	I	I shrugged , and she asked .
tr	I	I can tell he 's enjoying the show , but I have no idea how much Calder can see without looking away .
tr	O	We had hoped to delay the transition another year , but Daniel 's cancer was growing more aggressively than expected .
tr	O	Gatling started to hand me the check , but I refused .
tr	O	Kylie didn 't want to ask , but she figured she had to .
tr	O	Will had said it had been around as long as the earth , but no proof of that existed as far as Jake could see .
tr	I	Mom says that will change but I don 't like girls .
tr	O	Part of me wonders if that 's what 's bothering him , but the other part wants to know for myself .
tr	I	She shuffled across the floor , and I stretched my hand out .
tr	O	Something major just happened , and I need to think it through .
tr	I	His feet crunched on the frozen ground , and Bellamy 's breath fogged out .
tr	I	There will be a mother somewhere in the plan , and he wants to be the boy 's dad .
tr	O	Her name is Emily , and she plays the guitar .
tr	I	Everything was different but now she was standing in the foyer of Linda 's house .
tr	I	My dreams were attempting to break through to the front of my mind from their current location on the fringes and I felt a little off balance .
tr	I	Then the anger surges , but I curl up for a few seconds .
tr	I	Once they started , she struggled with keeping her composure , and she waited until she was behind her own door before the tears flowed .
tr	O	Kaitlyn flipped a coin and it came up heads .
tr	O	Everyone 's attention focused on her and every hair on her body stood on full alert .
tr	O	Maybe it 's nothing , but it was important enough to turn into a work of art on the floor of Ivy 's personal suicide temple .
tr	O	She found it difficult to trust others , and she was a pragmatist at heart who believed in keeping her emotions far removed from her sexual liaisons .
tr	O	One empty promise to quit and I believed Mom .
tr	O	Someone shoves me from behind , and I nearly go sprawling to the ground .
tr	O	He filed , and I cleaned .
tr	O	You take life far too seriously , and his playing irritates you .
tr	O	Jason 's shoulder ached , but he hardly felt the pain through his enormous relief .
tr	I	Kristen felt a flash of emotion shoot through her body and looking into her face , he brushed a strand of hair from her cheek .
tr	O	She was outraged with her brothers , but they were doing his unspoken bidding .
tr	I	He ignores it , but Smoke is filling the captain 's nest .
tr	O	E-mail the hospital address to me and I will have Mama send a box of autographed books to your hospital .
tr	O	Dex stepped closer to the killer and I stiffened .
tr	I	She fought back the tears , refusing to give in to the release until she was alone and her chin went up another notch .
tr	I	He 's not wearing his watch , but he looks at his wrist .
tr	O	Rema 's head pounded , and she gasped for air .
tr	O	You made it entertaining for me , and I will miss my top ringer .
tr	I	Half a dozen dots under another cloud of red dust , and it showed the road behind .
tr	O	We are much more , and we are desperate .
tr	I	Most of the buildings downtown had turned on their lights and the sun had just set .
tr	O	I know it feels like it , but you don 't .
tr	O	The bikini she was wearing was much like the one she wore in the hot tub but the top of this one was strapless .
tr	I	I leaned forward , hoping that would somehow encourage Silver to surge ahead , and they turned east .
tr	I	All that had passed was pretty much forgotten and I knew nothing bad could happen to me .
tr	O	The door wouldn 't open without proper security clearance , but neither would any other door in the military sections .
tr	O	My stomach was churning , and my fingers tightened on the back of the empty bus seat in front of me .
tr	O	There was a heady power in knowing she had driven him to the edge of control , yet she wasn 't ready to face the consequences .
tr	O	Many of you don 't know me , but I just saved your city from Chernobyl .
tr	I	That 's okay , but I know I 'm in trouble with the school administrators .
tr	I	Rick accepted it and he held out the tube .
tr	I	His blue eyes looked puzzled , but he was smiling as he said it .
tr	O	Love is sacred and it supersedes everything .
tr	I	I still remember the small lessons he gave me , but my father did not teach me much about running a country peacefully .
tr	O	I recited my number to him and he added it into his phone .
tr	I	The baby was quiet , and the truck lurched forward .
tr	I	He 's also looking over at the calendar on the wall next to us , but he keeps kissing me .
tr	O	It was a tense stand-off between her and me to see who would crack first .
tr	O	Her legs had stiffened in the cool water , and sitting down to put on her shoes was a little more difficult than she expected .
tr	O	She glared at him and he glared right back .
tr	O	I don 't recall accepting the invite , but there it is , we 're expected .
tr	O	I knew how much the Feeder must be missing me , and I couldn 't have that .
tr	O	That scared me , but I wouldn 't think about it right now .
tr	O	He clung to that thought , that hope , and only then was he able to breathe freely .
tr	O	She was in love with someone when I saw her last , but I 'm not sure she was aware of her feelings .
tr	O	I spent extra time putting on makeup , mostly because I didn 't do it often and I wanted to get it right .
tr	O	He laughed when Dimitri 's body swayed and the hooks dug in deeper , ripping at his flesh .
tr	I	I could see it was going to get worse and it had started to rain .
tr	O	The rescue hatch of the other gondola swung wide as they reached it , and they were jerked inside by two pairs of hands .
tr	I	There 're enough injured who want help to keep him busy , but the way he looks at me says he knows otherwise .
tr	O	Jin wasn 't sure what was going on , but he sensed no deception from the man .
tr	O	She had a sense of wavering , and then the black torrent eased .
tr	O	I don 't know what I 'll do when I get there , but I 'm eager to find out .
tr	I	She carried this frankness into every relationship and the leader was a very direct person .
tr	O	At first , it was an oversight , but after talking to Kat during our bathroom pow-wow on Tuesday , I 'd been purposefully avoiding him .
tr	O	The light intensified , surrounding her with its brightness , and a light , airy feeling seeped into her awareness .
tr	I	I bared my teeth , not able to handle the contact , but his touch sizzled .
tr	O	I had forgotten , but I remembered then .
tr	I	Jon , in keeping with the plan , didn 't respond and Ryder said something to Jon that Dean couldn 't make out .
tr	O	At least the weather was warm and we had a track to follow .
tr	O	I pushed hard , and the door wouldn 't give .
tr	I	There was no sign of Luke and it had been a quarter of an hour .
tr	I	He had assumed it would have soundproof windows , and Lord knows it had cost him a small fortune to stay in this particular suite .
tr	O	One day he wouldn 't , and until then , he had to get used to me being there .
tr	O	I race Drake up the stairwell and he motions me into his room .
tr	I	Without it they would believe anything , no matter how outlandish , and he also knew people were desperate for any type of information .
tr	O	I pulled out some bills but he waved them off .
tr	O	He had been invading my dreams lately and he seems so real .
tr	O	I don 't know , and I don 't care .
tr	I	The words felt heavy issuing off his tongue and when he finally spoke , his voice sounded muffled .
tr	I	They said some high end drug dealers have palm print access for their houses , but maybe it 's because I am an orphan .
tr	O	His prey was gone , and her father was preparing for another painful assault .
tr	O	She heard the train whistle in the distance , and she looked at her watch .
tr	I	Then he leaned in , whispering something to David , and he took her hand , placed it on David 's arm .
tr	O	Her back throbbed , and she could feel the wetness of her blood soaking her shirt .
tr	O	He took gentle tugs , and some delirious part of her thought maybe she should have taken him up on his offer before tonight .
tr	I	The door seemed to rotate and I pushed .
tr	I	I drop mine to her ass , and she drops her gaze as she walks past .
tr	I	They became fearful of horrific older Gods and they started telling stories of dark forces moving against them .
tr	I	It didn 't change anything , but I hadn 't known that .
tr	I	I wrote you off , and then you went to work for the family biz .
tr	O	He was early , but he said he had nothing else to do .
tr	I	I was sitting all alone but it provided seating for eight .
tr	O	She stared at him and Hiro held her gaze with wide eyes .
tr	I	That was alright , but it didn 't work .
tr	I	We made do the best we could , but Building supplies were always a bit short .
tr	O	He looks embarrassed and I wonder if Adam punished him .
tr	I	It quickly soured when I remembered someone had just been murdered , yet I gave a twisted little smile at that thought .
tr	O	Jackson was an equal opportunity player and that kind of game I didn 't real y feel like joining .
tr	O	When I got out Iwas so weak , but I managed to signal to some climbers .
tr	O	It was a good place to scavenge , central , and the building had lots of useful stuff .
tr	O	His murmur was so low she barely heard it , but it was enough to make her stiffen her spine .
tr	I	My legs grew weak , and Heat shot through me .
tr	I	Nikki tugged as much of the sheet over her as she could , and Jax sat up abruptly , turning away from her .
tr	I	She was afraid he knew how funny he was but she fought to keep her laugh back .
tr	I	He felt that not saying anything might be worse , but he didn 't want to ruin a budding relationship .
tr	O	Reece had lost the power to keep her confident expression under control , and she stared at the man in disbelief .
tr	I	The memory of her pain returned and she remembered how she was put aside .
tr	O	I don 't know what he 's good for on a ship , but he makes fine eye candy .
tr	O	The air sparked and Kincaid shifted time .
tr	O	It was late afternoon , and sunlight gilded the Sound .
tr	I	There were a few believers kneeling in prayer around some stones that marked the spot of the apparition , and Yeshua was seen there after his resurrection .
tr	I	It was also the best room Sonia had ever seen in her life but the bedroom was the best of all .
tr	O	Her top was just as vibrantly yellow , but that wasn 't its most startling feature .
tr	I	That was that , and she did love him .
tr	O	Josie started toward home but Linda took her arm .
tr	I	That said much , and he was as bad as Dagmar .
tr	O	They made frenzied love and danced wildly until they fell to the ground , utterly spent .
tr	I	Gregor 's arms began to tremble from carrying Boots , and it took a good twenty minutes to reach the palace .
tr	I	I hope Ethan will appreciate it when he gets back from work and it looks good .
tr	I	I don 't know if I can take this , and Oh God , if he 's going to cry , I 'm definitely going to cry .
tr	I	I found her choice of adjective telling but her face didn 't betray any judgment .
tr	I	Her lips took on a blue tinge and the child 's teeth began to chatter .
tr	O	He wished that let him feel easy about her , but it didn 't .
tr	O	I 'd felt fear before , but this was a whole new level of fear .
tr	I	I decide not to press him for more information , and he says no more .
tr	O	His calm demeanor never wavered , but she felt it just as if it were in her .
tr	I	I was scared of his words but I wasn 't scared of him .
tr	O	My sister didn 't like it , but she knew I was right .
tr	O	Her blood felt as if it had thickened in her veins and her heart was having to work double time to keep beating .
tr	O	He knew it would sweep her off her feet and they would live happily ever after .
tr	O	It would all be fine , and we were safe as houses .
tr	O	She was the one thing keeping our family together and when we thought her dead , we fell apart .
tr	I	The Irishman shushed him , but Roland opened his mouth .
tr	O	I wrap my lips around the lime wedge she holds between her teeth and I suck every last drop of juice from it .
tr	I	A slow creeping sensation of jealousy made its way up my spine , and my ears perked up .
tr	I	You 're missing out on the culinary event , but Foreplay is nice .
tr	O	I 'd forgotten not to breathe , and the smell of cocoa was overwhelming .
tr	O	He opened it and Jason Everett slipped inside before Sasha could stop him .
tr	O	I 'd been feverish and terrified Tegan would die .
tr	O	It dawned on him , and what he needed to do became clear .
tr	O	I knew one , in fact , but the hell of it is , he died right away , too .
tr	I	His alone , and she was his tonight .
tr	O	Miguel came over , and we all speculated about what we might find inside .
tr	I	Desperate times called for desperate measures , but I hated invoking the ex-boyfriend card .
tr	O	the maiden said , and several thousand steps ahead of them Maren saw a monstrous structure rising up before them .
tr	I	Eric straightened , and the pain receded a bit .
tr	O	It 's senior year and he wanted to relax .
tr	O	Ambrose nodded and Polonius continued .
tr	O	Nick didn 't care for the thoughts of that , but at least he understood what she was getting at .
tr	O	More power surged through her , and the room started to flicker .
tr	I	I like her , but she doesn 't like me .
tr	I	I 'm sure he hurt his hand more than my head but he punched the top of my head a few times .
tr	I	I really need an ego building text from Six right now , and my self-confidence has just gone out the window .
tr	I	Faye holds me still , but my body arches forward .
tr	I	I send Jackson flying across the room and frustration at this delay wells within me .
tr	O	Frank 's in the middle of some lame joke , and his nose is sliding off his face .
tr	O	He hadn 't run the strips for over twenty years , but he remembered some of the tricks .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure why she even asked , but she didn 't know what else to say .
tr	I	She continued her cries and Kara squirmed in her seat .
tr	O	The nurse was gone ... and Kelsey was , too .
tr	O	I felt a chil down my spine , and the hairs on the back of my neck stood on end .
tr	O	The room was not very wide in breadth but it appeared to have no end in length .
tr	O	You know he 'll get you in trouble , and you don 't care .
tr	O	Miranda vowed never to experience such gripping sadness , and this was the same man who caused it .
tr	I	The lyrics were particularly poignant , considering what they 'd once been to each together , but it was an old song .
tr	I	She was trembling and her eyes were tearing up .
tr	O	I go to rub it , but Zack stops my hand .
tr	I	To his credit he held his tongue , but Jordan 's eyes widened .
tr	O	I heard the sharp crackling of wood , the banging of something collapsing under the destruction , and I blinked .
tr	O	They were pushed inside the library and the door closed locking them in .
tr	I	He stared up at her , and she leaned against the wall .
tr	O	Indians had attacked the wagon train , and Michael expected to be attacked by these Indians , also .
tr	I	That might not come for a while , if ever , but a healthy body would be a plus .
tr	O	Kelsey opened her mouth but she couldn 't talk .
tr	O	I didn 't notice Drew watching the exchange with curious eyes , but I could feel him shift next to me .
tr	I	I got the question paper , and I entered the exam hall .
tr	O	She looked extremely uncomfortable and she should have been .
tr	O	The librarian looked at me suspiciously , but he didn 't say anything else .
tr	I	I 'm not going to do it , and I know that you don 't need me pestering you .
tr	I	He 's off trying to stay out of jail , but you 're supposed to be holing up at Dylan 's house .
tr	O	A dark lump barely stood out , but I knew instantly it was Meir .
tr	I	That bothers me , and I don 't find you to be typical .
tr	O	We reached the back of the house and he shoved me at the porch steps .
tr	O	My fingers found a cold , hard , pointy surface instead , and I shrieked when I poked my right index finger .
tr	I	Rena gave herself to it completely , and there was a wildness about their mating .
tr	O	he asked , and Lash recognized it as a last-ditch effort .
tr	O	I 'm a little shocked and I feel strangely saddened , which is weird because I never spoke to the woman .
tr	I	He laughed again and from behind him Brian heard a chorus of cheers .
tr	I	Your mother was a great lady and he was a good man .
tr	I	Alan began to calm down , and I knew the answer was more for Alan than me .
tr	I	He opened up on it , and something moved outside the door .
tr	O	I was born that way , and I 've always known it would happen .
tr	O	Another pair of wolves came , and Nicolas swept at them again .
tr	I	At least that was something he knew , something he could control , at least most of the time , but being a vampire was bad enough .
tr	O	She had a new text ... and she had a horrible feeling she knew just who it was from .
tr	O	We look exactly the same , and we have the same birthday .
tr	I	She sat up , kissing him and he placed her on the couch .
tr	I	She wasn 't beating him to a bloody pulp for it , and I noticed that Ryan 's pinky was overlapping Claire 's however .
tr	O	Her eyes are red rimmed and she looks tired beyond words .
tr	O	All we had to do was keep our heads down for a while , and then we could follow the pigeon to Miss Wren .
tr	I	Several sets of filthy fangs were clearly visible and he grinned at the screaming people .
tr	O	His reddened cheeks became deathly pale and he seemed to age ten years .
tr	O	He 'd been pretty timid at my place , but the kid wouldn 't stop now .
tr	O	Something in her screamed danger , but she could not understand why .
tr	I	That scared the crap out of me , and it all suddenly felt easy .
tr	O	I know it was after lunch , but I don 't know the exact time .
tr	O	She 'd slapped him with words , clearly trembling for a repudiation , and he 'd taken them as cause to give up on her ?
tr	I	Bits of Moist tingled , and she smiled at him .
tr	O	The tires slipped all over the place , but we managed to get out of range .
tr	O	Dane looked sorrowfully after them , and then Angelique started reading again .
tr	O	Fighting her and fighting himself .
tr	I	I have nothing and I glance around .
tr	I	Sometimes when he was working he was with me , and when he wasn 't working , he was with me .
tr	O	The boy laughed and the man smiled .
tr	I	The slightest bit whiny and her voice is innocent .
tr	O	One of the dogs barked excitedly , and a man shouted a command .
tr	O	A slow smile curled Eda 's lips and she reached out hand to touch his cheek .
tr	O	Meredith 's neck swayed like the branch of a rotten tree and she nodded at her young assistant .
tr	O	There was a thick blanket over them and she realized she was itching like crazy .
tr	I	I can 't but I try to fight it I try to stay awake I try to find my head .
tr	I	Nevaeh was standing in the middle of the yard and I noticed that the front door was open .
tr	I	At least now there was blessed silence , but she set the bowl on the floor , realizing there was no cream left for her coffee .
tr	O	His cheeks were flushed and a fine sweat had beaded up along his hairline .
tr	O	It was even colder now than it had been before , and the wind was howling like a pack of Fenrir wolves .
tr	I	She knew there was a tool shed around back with a very flimsy door , but the door was locked , which she expected .
tr	O	I could feel the lock turning , and with a click , it unlocked -- success !
tr	I	He snuggles up to it like a child and I place the duvet from the back of the couch over my dad .
tr	O	I was still holding onto Seth 's arm and I felt his muscles tighten as he turned us around slowly to face James Hunter .
tr	O	Most people call me Coop , but you know what ?
tr	O	My friend from the Bureau of Commerce was there at the time and he saw her .
tr	O	She could feel a weak connection but it was only on the surface .
tr	I	My dad loved your mom , but my mom loved my dad .
tr	O	She didn 't want to think of him in such primitive , possessive terms , but her body had different priorities .
tr	I	My hands against his skin weren 't enough , but it was the first time he 'd ever let me take his shirt off .
tr	I	She managed to be in his general vicinity , but Willow didn 't exactly follow Patrick .
tr	O	Surprise shone on his face before his arm fel and he suddenly looked wary .
tr	I	Something told me he wanted something more than his meal , but licking his lips seductively just like in my dream , he answered .
tr	I	Blood squirted out of Hudson 's nose and I watched as Channing hit him again .
tr	O	Brianna 's legs gave , and I caught her , speechless as I wrapped my arms around her .
tr	I	It is easy to get off course , but you try to keep your canoes straight .
tr	O	Since then he 'd taken solace at a number of cat houses in the city -- the age gap between the girls and himself becoming ever wider .
tr	O	Her cat 's eyes blinked once and a slow smile curved her mouth .
tr	O	My face is hidden and they didn 't list my name .
tr	I	It 's no good , but I hum desperately .
tr	I	I had in common and that was something Anna .
tr	I	Her stroke tingled over the skin of his belly like electricity , and her hands slipped under his shirt .
tr	I	There was a woman inside , and the building was a barn .
tr	I	I can feel the bile rise up my throat and as the meaning of his words sink in , my stomach lurches .
tr	I	I don 't , but I wish I had more to offer you .
tr	I	She nodded , and Rachel 's eyes looked toward the ceiling .
tr	I	This ride should be relatively guilt-free , and Driving always makes you feel better .
tr	I	I 'm extremely worried about him and Kayden 's been gone all night .
tr	I	His expression is unreadable , but he finally turns back to me .
tr	I	It didn 't feel right , but what he said made sense .
tr	I	I relaxed against her , and my mother wrapped her arms around my shoulders .
tr	I	Commercial taxes have been imposed by various Muslim governments throughout history , but as for trade , traditional zakat laws do not cover this .
tr	O	Take care of wacko out there and I 'll get back to you about the trust issue .
tr	O	My gut clenched and I took a step forward .
tr	O	She didn 't say anything because it would only upset Ben , and he 'd already endured about all he could from his youngest son .
tr	I	It made me feel pity for her , but it wasn 't really a sad life .
tr	O	For the past two years Preston hadn 't been so crazy about living , but he didn 't intend to leave this world without Vince .
tr	O	He needed a target for his own anger , and this impatient stranger seemed like the perfect candidate .
tr	I	Then again , I 'm not the same person when I 'm with Ellery , but it wasn 't me .
tr	I	Amber kept her attention where it was supposed to be and the game restarted .
tr	O	I 'd tell her everything that was going on and then hope she wasn 't angry at me for keeping it all from her for so long .
tr	I	I had the drawer unlocked in a few seconds and a quick search around her room yielded the proper implement .
tr	O	Greg sat with the trainers at one table and I went to the food line .
tr	O	Half the town was without power , but so far their house was unaffected .
tr	I	A quiet hung in the air and the wind had died .
tr	I	He didn 't have the guts to find out but it sure as hell sounded like it .
tr	I	Her tears are making my shirt damp and she 's still crying .
tr	O	I try to speak and he cuts me off .
tr	O	I would bury him forever but you stop me !
tr	I	Her hands were tied up behind her back but she would have secretly cast a relaxation spell .
tr	I	I want to spend it as a family , and this is the last week of winter break .
tr	O	The sex had always been incredible between the two of them and she 'd never been able to deny him anything in bed .
tr	O	I left you hanging to follow my dream , and you didn 't let it eat you up .
tr	O	I don 't know what he means , but I no longer feel like asking questions .
tr	I	I couldn 't help laughing , too , and I heard his booming laugh from my truck .
tr	I	She 'd only made the situation worse , but she 'd wanted to stop a killer .
tr	I	The doors retreated into their recesses , and the elevator jerked to a stop .
tr	I	A fire lit within and there was a circular fireplace in the middle with a brass hood over it .
tr	O	The sky was eventually turning dark and there was a chance of rain .
tr	O	I was greedy , and my hands were everywhere , my lips following their path .
tr	I	They don 't lose patience , but I keep apologising for not being able to tell them anything more .
tr	I	Something about Michael made her bold , but she 'd never been aggressive sexually .
tr	O	Her eyes were sunken and her fingers wrinkled as if she had been in water for too long .
tr	O	I knew from the gasps of those standing behind me and I opened my eyes .
tr	I	Immediately the overpowering odor of formaldehyde could be smelled , and the door was opened .
tr	I	This Cambridgeshire gal 's accent had driven the young Connie bonkers , and the Fowler family 's ancestors originally came from the Norwich area .
tr	I	She let go of the arrow , and she felt it come into sudden , sharp focus , like a spotlight had suddenly focused on her .
tr	I	It was like having knives thrown at her and he laughed .
tr	O	My exuberant response doesn 't work , and she pressed on for more answers .
tr	I	I never meant to put her life in danger , but I deserved to fear her , for obvious reasons .
tr	I	She 'd flown coach from Atlanta , and she 'd sat behind them on the commuter .
tr	I	I 'm not allowed to say which one , but one of my cousins went into the CIA .
tr	I	Their introduction had been on a very stressful night , but Tara had met Eric in Bon Temps .
tr	O	I didn 't want to read them , but someone tipped off the press .
tr	I	They did not understand it , and something was happening .
tr	I	There was nothing to adjust to , but my eyes would 've adjusted by now .
tr	O	That was one of my few blank answers but I should have got that .
tr	I	Kylie barely listened , too excited that she wasn 't invisible anymore , but someone asked in the stall beside her .
tr	I	This is ridiculous , but I knew I had a rough road ahead of me .
tr	O	She was clearly angry and he understood her reasons .
tr	I	Maybe it did , and he sang as though it broke his heart to sing .
tr	I	I drove myself to keep going , but my wings seemed almost on fire .
tr	I	I smiled at the thought of him trying to fit into one , and all I could see was school chairs .
tr	I	Your father is there , too , but you look so much like her .
tr	O	I 'm not sure why , but I want this girl all to myself right now .
tr	O	Hayes gave her a smile , but it was a strained smile .
tr	O	The ironic thing is that I blurt out things I shouldn 't half the time I 'm with Ashton but it 's never intentional .
tr	I	He falls to the floor , and Caleb 's eyes roll back .
tr	I	It sounded like she knew something bad was getting ready to happen , and I 'd heard her voice right before I took my little trip .
tr	O	Fear remained foremost on my mind , and I was afraid to admit it to the Queen .
tr	I	We 'll find out all about them in good time but we 're curious about the strangers .
tr	I	I move my h * ps with him , meeting him in the middle and he thrusts into me again .
tr	I	Maybe it was her or the sky seemed to change ?
tr	O	When I finished , she grabbed our container of salt and she made a circle around each of our beds .
tr	O	Her father was an attorney who had fled with his parents from Cuba in the 60s , and he was heavily involved in the music industry .
tr	O	Riley would be up for Senior Chief within the next couple of years , and the promotion was important to him .
tr	O	Her hair was dripping wet and she 'd barely had time to dry herself off .
tr	I	He could hear it break in places , but he tried to keep his voice calm .
tr	O	I could tell that he desperately wanted to kiss me , but decorum prevented him from acting on it .
tr	O	He could feel her breathing beneath him , but he could not see her face .
tr	I	I wouldn 't be here or A had been to play sick , which obviously hadn 't worked .
tr	I	Estella laughed , leading us both into the big yellow kitchen , and Trey 's blush at that statement matched my own .
tr	I	I was rethinking my plan of getting her out of the diner and the whole upper half of my face hurt .
tr	O	Cameron scored three times already , and this was our first point .
tr	I	It didn 't seem to help , but Emily coughed a few more times .
tr	I	She couldn 't seem to shove the words out , but she tried to tell him that he was killing Cain .
tr	I	The options were password protected , but Clay scrolled through the menu .
tr	I	Now I want him to stop , but he still rubs me affectionately .
tr	I	Her hormones were all over the place with the pregnancy and she hadn 't been kissed like that for five months .
tr	O	As we reached the gate , we heard some - one shouting , and it wasn 't Barry .
tr	O	All they 'd managed to do so far was scare her silly , and they hadn 't even yet said what they wanted her to do .
tr	O	He got pretty angry when he changed , but it looked painful .
tr	O	A public execution instilled fear , and this crowd needed to fear authority right now .
tr	I	I felt comfortable pretty quickly and they were really nice though .
tr	O	He wore only a suit jacket over a T-shirt , and Alec couldn 't help wondering if he was cold .
tr	O	We had a week together and it didn 't work out .
tr	I	He led Sole Pleasure into it , and a small hollow dipped just ahead .
tr	I	Everyone was suddenly struck with immense home sickness and after stories had been shared in the cold winter air , silence followed .
tr	O	I made an uncomfortable movement , but I was determined to brazen it out .
tr	I	Still , still , he was back home in America , but instead , they were scolded for getting lost at a tour during a vacation !
tr	I	The noise stopped coming from the other side of the ridge and the battle died down .
tr	I	Surely she 'd manage to slip away in that time , and she could fool him until then .
tr	I	I could tell she wanted to , but Tegan didn 't hug me around the shoulders because we were soldiers now .
tr	I	Gansey 's eyes came open as the passenger door groaned , and the car jerked then .
tr	I	Stryker held him in place , but Theo tried to pull away .
tr	O	She didn 't reply , only released a little moan , and it was all he needed to hear .
tr	O	They wanted to bed him for all the wrong reasons , and he wanted them for reasons that would have terrified them .
tr	I	I don 't know what , but something happened .
tr	O	I told him where to go and he didn 't like it .
tr	O	They might not have killed her , but they 'd still hurt her badly .
tr	O	This is my dance , and they can 't stop me from enjoying it .
tr	O	He knew what he 'd said , but he made no move to apologize .
tr	I	The man 's expression went loose , and plaster floured the air .
tr	O	He kept every penny above this , and it had made him rich .
tr	I	I don 't wish to lie to you and now you 've saved me , again , .
tr	O	Add all that to his handsome features , and Finn looked just as polished as the jewelry he 'd been admiring earlier .
tr	O	You 've got to make the initiate fear , but everyone knows it 's just a party game .
tr	I	He started massaging her again , but she almost heard him smile .
tr	O	I had remembered some of them earlier , but now even those were lost to me .
tr	I	He looked at all three of us again as if we were pulling his leg and the name registered nothing on the man 's face .
tr	O	I knew I sounded angry , but I was filled with fear .
tr	I	Darth Maul had made quick work of them , but they had come out of the mountain itself .
tr	O	Just keep it casual , he thought and hopefully she wouldn 't react badly .
tr	O	After a few minutes the ride became smoother and the clouds started to break up a little .
tr	O	The trees on the top of the narrow mountain peak were minimal , and she was able to view everything around them .
tr	O	His mother was British and his father was Korean .
tr	O	They also didn 't care to offer any information about themselves , and I didn 't ask because I didn 't care .
tr	I	The tears didn 't come , but her eyes filled , killing him .
tr	I	Violeta rolled her eyes and one girl called out .
tr	O	I watched as she opened it , and looking over her shoulder , she smiled once again before leaving .
tr	I	I couldn 't find it but I heard it .
tr	O	You could call your grandpa , and he could tell you about Coulter , at least .
tr	O	Wes , Garrett suspected , was hurting a lot more than Elliot , but typically , he hadn 't said a damned word to indicate it .
tr	I	I just had to walk away and Cam 's in shock .
tr	I	He thought it might be , but he didn 't know if the blood was contagious .
tr	I	There would be a general alert and soon the bodies would be discovered .
tr	O	Robots have no political power , after all , and people do .
tr	I	She thought it was , or it was Wes Harris .
tr	I	I 'm suddenly nervous and my heart kicks into gear .
tr	I	Anything either of them wanted , and this was beyond himself , Erin .
tr	I	The frustrations I needed to get out were going to remain bottled inside and I was certain Nate was going to go too easy on me .
tr	I	I wasn 't being Bound and I was the youngest queen .
tr	I	They always loved me , but oh they let me suffer the consequences of my mistakes .
tr	I	He still had five minutes before the last train and he was too exhausted to bother walking down them .
tr	O	He knew that it was pointless , but it haunted him every waking minute .
tr	I	Headed for the pharmacy , and a very young man with a sparse mustache got up , abashed .
tr	O	Pain bloomed on her right ass cheek , and she cried out .
tr	O	Her chocolate brown hair started to come loose from the tight bun on her head , but she ignored the tendrils falling in her face .
tr	I	He was asking questions , and Bryan had one of his vampire reporters there .
tr	I	Maybe he would be able to get a decent start there , and the cloud porpoises seemed much more interesting than his old home .
tr	O	She glanced at Allan and both of their faces went red .
tr	I	I went out onto the tiled veranda and I opened the door .
tr	I	It turns out to be amazingly easy , and the route to the Mississippi is now clear .
tr	O	His shoulders ached from it , but also his whole movement was thrown off , making the work that much harder .
tr	I	When Abby gives her word , she means it , and she promised to keep her business away from you .
tr	I	This was not heading in that direction at all , but he had expected some sort of ruckus .
tr	O	One heavy boot was braced near the top and a shotgun was balanced across his thigh .
tr	I	At least they were both praying , but Christmas would be painful at times .
tr	O	I tried to hold her back , but she wouldn 't let me .
tr	O	Steve nodded , but he still looked worried .
tr	O	Spring might have arrived but the temperatures were bitter .
tr	O	She laughs softly , and I smile , relief flooding me .
tr	I	I 'm paralyzed , but I should move .
tr	O	Something about it showed a pleasant side of him , and I remember my manners .
tr	O	Elle had become like a little sister to Cora and Cora loved everything about it .
tr	I	She refused to let go of Chase 's jacket , but they tried to put her in the ambulance .
tr	O	I suggested , but that didn 't seem to satisfy Damien , who shook his head .
tr	O	It was an outfit that said so much about her as a person , but Ryan couldn 't resist questioning her about it .
tr	I	Within a second their faces turned to shock and when the elevator opened , two women stood .
tr	I	Then I followed Maggie into the kitchen , and I waited until my mom went upstairs .
tr	I	She had no idea how to go through with it , but T was the truth that she 'd begun this seduction .
tr	O	Her name was Savannah , and she was a sophomore at the public school .
tr	I	Witches sometimes braved our wrath to come here , and spirits had been seen in the nearby wood .
tr	I	I smiled as I glanced at Kellan again and the three of us went back to our customers .
tr	I	His left hand twitched and his lips were dry .
tr	I	He released her hastily and she made a soft noise of protest .
tr	O	I looked at him and his laughter faded away .
tr	O	Before Thomas was forced to come up with a lie , they arrived at their floor and the elevator doors opened .
tr	I	There was an uncomfortable silence and they sat looking at each .
tr	I	He went to his side to appease his frustration as well and Will sensed Charles tightening .
tr	O	Fair is foul and foul is fair !
tr	O	His eyes were apologetic , but still I was cautious .
tr	O	Sawyer was watery in my vision and I knew that for the second time today , I was about to lose some tears in front of her .
tr	I	I knew I could find it on my own , but the old fool wouldn 't tell me a thing .
tr	I	I felt his fingers shake where they lay and Kiran instinctively put a hand on my shoulder .
tr	O	She did not want to delay the gate by much , but she needed to take precautions .
tr	O	We were closing in on the road to Diggs ' place , and I knew Kat wouldn 't stick around once we were there .
tr	I	Zane tensed , and this look was different .
tr	O	I should 've thought of it before we left , but I 'd been a little preoccupied .
tr	I	Her died at those words and all Mairi 's hopes for Damen .
tr	I	Evan 's jaw dropped , and I shook my head .
tr	I	As loathe as Evie was to admit it , things were not looking good for him , and he was talking about Abe .
tr	I	The steel of his armor drew the heat from his body , and though spring was edging toward summer , the night was chilly .
tr	O	I put out my palm and he poured a few in .
tr	I	What desires she made known he fulfilled gladly , but even now she asked very little of him .
tr	I	I 'm not gon na admit that to her , but I still do .
tr	O	Review your handbook and just prepare .
tr	O	His smile was bright and his spirits high .
tr	I	His howls were soon joined by others , and the Hound took up his baying again .
tr	O	He didn 't understand it , but neither was he fighting it .
tr	O	I 'm his and he 's mine .
tr	O	Everyone else around me had been confused by my actions , and evidently confusion was catching .
tr	O	An image flashed up in her mind , and she only just resisted fanning herself .
tr	O	Emma wanted me to be happy and for this brief sneeze of time , the iPhone made me very happy .
tr	O	Liam was the only man I had ever kissed for real , and now , he would be the last one I ever kissed .
tr	O	I know everything ... and I mean everything .
tr	I	They resisted his gaze , each orb disappearing from sight as he tried to focus on it but he tried to pick out individual stars .
tr	O	Max had mentioned it earlier , but Sam had dismissed it , not having met the woman before .
tr	O	Chad looks up , wearing an annoyed look , and his eyebrows bank together when he sees me .
tr	I	Her hand came up , and her eyes went wide .
tr	O	The butler followed in her wake and once they were both in the drawing room , he shut the door firmly .
tr	O	They sensed something hidden but neither would mention the fact .
tr	O	Her palm was sweaty and her hand was trembling .
tr	O	The funeral was one of the hardest things I had ever attended but I had managed to make it through it .
tr	I	I almost cried when Carter walked through the door with his guitar hanging off his shoulder by a strap , and a collective gasp came from everyone .
tr	O	Marcia 's husky voice jerked Frank from his reveries and he grunted , a self-conscious smile twitching his lips .
tr	O	It was dark , but the moonlight lit the place well enough to see .
tr	I	I swam forward to hold her above the surface , and she started to panic .
tr	I	It was all the same and they looked in every direction .
tr	I	There was no catching him and he disappeared in that maze .
tr	O	I shoved it again and a streak of light appeared .
tr	O	I heard voices but the words were nonsensical .
tr	I	She lightly touched it and her hands bumped into something hard .
tr	I	We didn 't have any chance to talk about it , but Doc listened .
tr	O	Her hair was tousled and her cheeks were red .
tr	O	Mandy flushed a little and Lorelei could tell she wanted to ask if the story was true .
tr	I	In such terrain , they couldn 't fight as a mob , so we picked them off , but they hunted us through the trees .
tr	I	He doesn 't have to like it , but he has to put in his time , to appease Stell .
tr	O	Nick told me that I wasn 't but I didn 't believe him .
tr	I	He certainly doesn 't like to lose money either , but he doesn 't make any money off the Panthers .
tr	I	It had been the hardest I 'd made to date , but it should have been an easy decision .
tr	O	I have been on the verge of going crazy , but I 've seen the light in time .
tr	O	It was a decidedly frail attempt at a topic change , but he realized that the question might actually yield pertinent results .
tr	I	I didn 't explain and he didn 't ask .
tr	O	Fiona is looking at me defiantly , but I think I see something flicker in her expression .
tr	I	It might do , but it wasn 't very deep .
tr	O	We 've walked two blocks and she hasn 't let go of my hand yet .
tr	O	Thibault raised Zeus 's head , and the dog nuzzled his face .
tr	O	She says I am too dedicated to boxing and I don 't spend enough time with her .
tr	I	The past couldnt be undone , and he had messed it up , simple as that .
tr	I	I made us something to eat and sure , I had to get up to use the bathroom .
tr	O	She didn 't know what she 'd expected from him , but this anger sure wasn 't it .
tr	I	The illusion was gone and she blinked .
tr	O	She 'd been shoveling the food down pretty fast , but at this she slowed .
tr	I	Little more than vapor remained and the two projectiles had met at a combined speed of almost twenty thousand kilometers per hour .
tr	I	An abandoned building wasn 't shelter , but a public space would 've given her some protection .
tr	O	His Eye is all round , but it attends more to some places than to others .
tr	O	I hear someone shout a curse , or I think it was me .
tr	I	The quiet didn 't last long , but she thought Caleb had given up .
tr	I	I was almost to my third trimester and the next couple of months flew by .
tr	O	It was misty you know , and being at water level looking up you get a queer perspective anyway .
tr	O	Their souls were lighter , brighter , and I knew they would find peace .
tr	I	I instantly apologized , and it was ghastly .
tr	I	Lina gave a benign growl , raising her hackles just to tease him and he took a step forward .
tr	I	He looked up at her , stinging tears of bitterness welling in his eyes and she removed her foot from his back .
tr	I	I ran to catch up with Micah , and Beth nodded , gesturing for me to go .
tr	O	I took away all the beloved supporting characters , and now I 'm removing all the old landmarks .
tr	I	Knowing Ty , he wouldn 't tell them now , and they didn 't know luring him here could have put him in danger .
tr	I	Deep inside he knew that wasn 't true , but Allan had feared that Harriet 's letter might 've been lost .
tr	O	Allen was either the neatest person she had ever encountered , which she doubted , or he didn 't do much work in the office .
tr	I	He leans closer because he can 't hear what I 'm saying , and the words are a whisper .
tr	I	He cost me my life , but I might still be alive .
tr	O	To save my step-brother -- my best friend , and my only family left .
tr	I	If he didn 't believe it , I 'd kill him , and it 'd be like me telling Ryan the sky was red .
tr	I	I didn 't want to do that , and that was asking Lucas to doubt himself .
tr	I	His girlfriend is about to break up with him , and have Some Guts Kenny 's job sucks , his car is a piece of crap .
tr	I	She knew exactly why , and Mrs. K hadn 't smiled so much in a very long time , in fact , never .
tr	I	King Ignis did the same and the other knights also dismounted .
tr	O	He stepped into my space , and his cologne washed over me .
tr	I	He let the matter drop , but Sullivan didn 't appear convinced .
tr	I	Besides , that thing in the road hadn 't looked like anyone 's pet , and her mother wasn 't a dog person .
tr	I	He bent his head to kiss her parted lips and Colby 's hands snagged in her hair .
tr	O	She sat down on the sofa and her little dog curled across her feet .
tr	I	I screamed at him to speed up and he took his foot off the accelerator .
tr	I	He will be taking questions at the end , but he is only available for a short while .
tr	O	I didn 't want to stay , but I did want her to stress out a little .
tr	O	I was a little taken aback by the admission , but I tried to not let it show .
tr	O	Bubbles , too , was reluctant to press on and I had to tap her reassuringly to dive deeper .
tr	O	He gave her his hand and she snatched it , knowing there was no time for hesitance .
tr	I	She wondered why he 'd never mentioned it and the others looked confused .
tr	O	It gnawed and it demanded .
tr	O	He fell to the ground , and I was on him before he could even try to get up .
tr	I	A ripple of sorrow went through her and she stared at the two unknown figures in the picture .
tr	I	I felt sure no one would and the one no one ever had .
tr	O	You said you didn 't mind if I invited him , and I 've asked him to bring the children .
tr	I	They dropped like flies around the crying girl , and the fairies ' faces froze in stunned expressions .
tr	O	I think we 're far enough away from trails to be safe , but it 's hard to tell in this forest .
tr	O	Sarah had been the missing piece , and now she was there , the picture complete .
tr	O	A few of the inmates were off on their own , but the bulk of them were gathered around the Ping-Pong game .
tr	O	I kept my flip-flops on because it was Uganda and you never took your shoes off ever .
tr	I	She obviously sensed it which explained the peck on the cheek , and the woman had a way about her that set him off balance .
tr	O	No one else I knew had a voice like that and he stayed quiet after I called out his name .
tr	I	Even his mother had noticed their lengthy conversation , and Ladies were eagerly watching from behind their fans .
tr	O	I probably shouldn 't say it , but it made her look just a bit like a mushroom .
tr	I	When she returns the next day her world is turned upside-down and gone by Christine Kersey Sixteen-year-old Morgan Campbell runs away from home .
tr	O	Anne was very quiet as we drove back towards Pemberley , and I looked at her a little anxiously .
tr	O	She kept her eyes open for Sam , but he didn 't appear .
tr	I	He also knew he wouldn 't understand the answers but he would have loved to ask so many questions .
tr	O	Hale pulled a small leather-bound tool kit from the backpack he carried , and two seconds later , the door was swinging open .
tr	O	The details were not there , but the feelings were still lingering .
tr	I	We could have found food more easily in Austin , and if we 'd run we 'd already be there .
tr	O	It was a tiny movement , one that Seth failed to notice , but I did .
tr	I	A man with strange ideas named Cary , and we even made friends with a few of them , including a young soldier named Wilmot .
tr	I	The door silently opened , and the lock gave way .
tr	I	They couldn 't even see him , and Millard didn 't fare any better .
tr	O	Ricki volunteered to drive , and I happily rode shotgun .
tr	I	She burst into her loud laugh , and Neil felt his mouth twitching up again .
tr	I	I ran , screaming , for the stairs , and chance grabbed for the old man as he fell .
tr	O	It was an imperious command , and Gregori expected to be obeyed .
tr	O	Dani screamed again and a blast shook the ground , leveling everyone once again .
tr	O	Opposition grew quickly and during a heated discussion , they forced him to accept the creation of the Council .
tr	O	Corrado pushed the tracking button , trying to straighten it out , but nothing helped .
tr	O	I twisted it , but it was locked .
tr	O	His body temperature kicked up , and he wished he could somehow channel that to her .
tr	O	Her leaf green eyes narrowed , but it was obvious that she was not moving .
tr	I	I wasn 't so sure , but he said you 'd be home soon .
tr	O	She 'd finally gotten used to him being gone , and now here he was shaking up her life all over again .
tr	O	She had to get out of here but she didn 't have a car !
tr	O	We camp in a hollow , nestled beneath a swaying willow tree , and Orion 's belt hangs low in the sky .
tr	O	He lowered her to his bed , and when the dessert box finally slipped from her hand onto the covers , he slid his fingers through hers .
tr	O	We finished the candy in an embarrassingly short time , and I watched as she absently licked the chocolate off her fingers .
tr	O	His eyes narrowed , and then he pointed .
tr	O	The department store was packed but I expected as much .
tr	O	Her jaw moved but she steadfastly refused to look at him .
tr	I	His hair was slicked back , and he was dressed in fancier clothes than when they had last met .
tr	I	She backed away , and he stepped closer .
tr	O	Her instincts told her no , but she could be wrong , trying to turn her hopes into truth .
tr	O	He gave her a halfhearted wave as he turned , and we crossed the parking lot to his truck again .
tr	O	Hell doesn 't want you and Heaven won 't have you .
tr	I	His concern showed through , but he was trying to sound bold .
tr	O	The woman looked up at that , but there was a screech from one of the neighboring cells .
tr	O	He laughed a little , breathlessly , and for a while we dozed together .
tr	O	His pale face had wrinkled prematurely , and he looked much older than he probably was .
tr	I	Mack locks it with a beep , and we get out of the car .
tr	O	His mouth fit over hers , more familiar this time , but the tingle showering along her nerves was still surprising in its intensity .
tr	I	Since meeting Alicia , he couldn 't return to his old way , but he 'd managed alone fine for more than thirty years .
tr	O	Her wild , gray eyes roamed over the crowd , and he could see the fine trembling of her hands .
tr	I	I would expect something like this from someone that age , and I hired you when you were just a kid in college .
tr	O	He puts out his arm , and reluctantly I take it , waiting for his answer .
tr	O	Soon his movements slowed and desperate needy sounds came from the back of his throat .
tr	O	By morning the storm had run its course and Agatha Beaumont 's grand house resembled an army barracks .
tr	I	Keeping at a steady speed , and he tried to focus on his breathing .
tr	O	It wasn 't that she hadn 't believed they existed , but she had doubted they had much to do with humans .
tr	I	She hadn 't wanted to ask , and she didn 't know his plan for tonight .
tr	O	It was yellowed with age but it still had good color although Abbey expected that the embroidery was more even when it was first done .
tr	I	He ´ s a strong , very strong guy but I know he ´ s not trying to do any harm by it .
tr	I	I told him we 'd have information when we saw him the following day , but he also asked about the fire .
tr	I	It was simple work , but it was back-breaking work .
tr	O	Cole sat on the sofa and Robin chose the rocking chair .
tr	O	Great flocks of them have been migrating through here since I 've arrived , and the pickings are easy .
tr	O	The answers are obvious , but that 's not what I want for myself .
tr	O	She shivered and he must have felt it because he put his arm around her .
tr	O	We went back to Father Fred 's office and I sat there telling the cop what happened .
tr	I	He fought down rising panic and his lungs burned for air .
tr	O	Her lips twitched and she eyed him .
tr	I	I can breathe again , and Dad why are we stopping here Then we 're out , walking .
tr	I	I had been obsessed by a lie and it was my mother 's all along .
tr	O	He was holding me again , taking command of my body just like he had before , and I loved how that felt .
tr	I	There she was , and they got outside .
tr	O	I looked at her , but her eyes were fixed on the TV .
tr	O	He 's dead now , gutted like a common animal , and yet they will still not let him alone ?
tr	O	The third stair creaked beneath her feet , and that sound was far too loud .
tr	I	He decided to leave it as a rhetorical question , but Jake could answer that .
tr	I	He did not make a sound , but his body twisted with the force .
tr	O	Someone is coming and my heart practically jumps out of my chest .
tr	O	It lunges at me and I 'm too slow .
tr	I	It is beating steady , but his heartbeat is weak .
tr	O	The fire got louder and small explosions were going off inside the building .
tr	O	Her hand fisted in his shirt and she tugged him to her office .
tr	O	He felt his tensed muscles relax at her touch , and he allowed himself to put aside his previous rage .
tr	O	We 'd taken steps , but I had to accept Jackson in all ways before my pack would be truly safe .
tr	I	She was helping to do it and I wanted the pain to stop .
tr	O	His father was a civil engineer who worked for a construction company in the city and his mother had a shop in Sleepy Lake 's central mall .
tr	I	I wouldn 't be the one correcting him but the address on that license was also hers .
tr	O	Her breath caught in her throat and she felt her cheeks grow warm .
tr	I	He wasn 't in the mood to go on a date but he almost called her number .
tr	O	They looked at each other and they stood up .
tr	I	His hands were discovering her back and she started to play with his hair .
tr	I	She went to her knees , gasping in pain , and her ankle gave out , wrenching painfully .
tr	I	When I answered no one , they finally seemed to understand , but some of them tried to speak to me .
tr	I	She seemed to look right through him , but he stood directly in front of her .
tr	I	Immediately I feel energy coursing through me that is not my own and he places his hand on my elbow .
tr	I	It 's wrong for me and it 's wrong for you .
tr	O	Phillip was shaking and he had wet himself .
tr	I	I knew she wasn 't , but this was the second time she said she 'd been over me .
tr	O	The emergency room doctor had said the bite looked like a large dog 's , but Maia knew better .
tr	I	Here we must stop them , but in Damascus we want the protests to continue to fuel change .
tr	I	She could feel herself throbbing between her legs , and her entire body had turned soft , pliant against him .
tr	O	She should have been relaxing on a flight back to the States , but yesterday she 'd learned something too wonderful to resist .
tr	O	I closed my eyes for a moment , but they jerked wide open at the knocking sound at Thom 's front door .
tr	O	Laura sounded gruff but they all knew it was just an act .
tr	O	She saw the glitter in his eyes and immediately bolted away from the desk , intent on escape .
tr	O	They had named her Jennifer Angelina , intending to call her Jenna , but instead she had been Angel from the day she 'd been born .
tr	I	She still hadn 't heard him approach and he was only a few inches from her .
tr	O	We stopped at his house , and he changed out of his dress clothes .
tr	O	She is an appealing , guileless creature ... but she was meant for a different purpose .
tr	O	She nods her head and he begins taking measurements .
tr	I	He turned to his friend Polonius , and the prince watched the efficient warriors prepare to besiege the town .
tr	I	At the time , I 'd agreed , and that was what he 'd told Michael .
tr	O	She needs a ride home and I want to know 100 percent if she 's the girl who kissed me .
tr	O	Enticing and yet tender .
tr	O	He could scarcely hear his own voice , but she made out his words well enough .
tr	O	Her voice wobbled a little , but then she steadied it again .
tr	I	He was afraid she would throw something at him , but he would have smiled .
tr	I	She 'd managed to put on a facade that fooled most everyone , but Hannah knew her friends were worried about her .
tr	O	One minute Royce was standing at the door , and the next he had her in his arms .
tr	O	There was no way around the Fiat , and its driver wasn 't ready to drive .
tr	O	I let her go up the ladder first and it had nothing to do with manners .
tr	O	I took back from her a life that I had promised , and I saw in her face the shock of suddenly grasping that .
tr	O	One boy was clinging to it , but blood was spraying into the sky .
tr	O	I just loved the tour , and the underground gardens are beautiful .
tr	I	We 'll take you out of here and I 'll go get my three friends .
tr	O	He 'd been at Emma 's wedding , and she 'd missed it .
tr	I	He turned to take her lips , and Tyler felt her lift her head .
tr	I	She could never die peacefully until Hank Adaline dies , and she deserved peace in death .
tr	I	Dagmar smirked at him and the shop girl rushed off .
tr	I	He didn 't wipe it away , but something wet spilled out of Dustin 's eyes .
tr	O	I needed to turn on a light , but the light from the hallway was just enough for me to finish .
tr	O	He swore he would get even with him , and today they very seldom speak .
tr	O	Stryker let forth a string of curses and I heard a commotion in the background .
tr	O	I was redoing my fingernails in a deep brown , and Tolliver was working a puzzle in a New York Times Sunday crossword collection .
tr	I	Quinn was holding her , and she was in an upstairs room in a mansion on a private island .
tr	I	It was a moment of very real fear that closed around us and all three of us looked at each other .
tr	I	She could not rid herself of it , but Cassie realized her voice had taken on a slightly hysterical pitch .
tr	I	They encircled me , and two more came .
tr	O	The room is already full when I arrive , and a sea of expectant faces turn toward me .
tr	I	It was normal but she was swimming in pain .
tr	I	Now I knew differently , but at the time I thought he was taking it down a thousand notches so that I knew I was improving .
tr	I	Josephine went to retrieve their tea and the microwave beeped .
tr	O	Her human body would never survive this fall and she had no idea how to stop herself without wings .
tr	O	My body falls forward as I cover my mouth and my shoulders shake as I laugh into my hand .
tr	O	David didn 't know any of the details of his mother 's net worth , but even if he did , he didn 't care .
tr	I	Then they make up , but families fight , Lil .
tr	I	She seemed to sway , ever so gently , from side to side and her unfocused eyes darted around , seemingly to avoid eye contact with William .
tr	O	He spat blood onto the dust by his face , and he waited .
tr	I	There was a distinct smell of gasoline and the motor wouldn 't start .
tr	O	I wanted him to wake up from this long , horrible dream just to hold him again , and now I have that .
tr	I	I promised Nora I 'd hang out with her Saturday night , but well , it sounds interesting .
tr	O	He sensed she wouldn 't be at the paper , but hiding at home .
tr	I	It made me a nervous , and I had never gotten a text like that before .
tr	O	No one expected such a display of great in-fighting skills , and they cheered for that .
tr	I	Hearing the girl beside me speak so candidly made me blush , and this wasn 't a reaction I 'd expected .
tr	I	I squeezed them shut , and tears filled my eyes .
tr	I	Adjusted the pumpkin 's eye and she took up her paring knife again .
tr	O	He seemed to believe this response , but then his eyes narrowed in distrust .
tr	O	Jenny placed her hand on his shoulder in an attempt to steady his nerves , but he barely felt it .
tr	I	I startled and he had heard me .
tr	O	She wanted him to seek peace , to be content with his inherent power , but he found it inadequate .
tr	O	His hair was tousled , and there was no possible way to pretend to Jules that we had not just been rolling around on my mattress .
tr	I	Her curiosity must 've won out over her reticence , but her expression was clearly wary .
tr	I	That was mandatory , and he was married .
tr	O	Her jade colored eyes locked onto me and she pulled no punches .
tr	I	I 'd been playing the odds for a long time , but I probably should have sounded shocked .
tr	O	She waved erratically , and Cory waved back .
tr	I	Under the circumstances no one would care , but when I walked into the room she was alone , it was against the rules .
tr	I	I wasn 't , and you were part of his life .
tr	I	He digs out sandwiches from a pouch on the back , and we crawl off the bike , take off our helmets .
tr	I	The light would burn us now and the darkness holds us like a womb .
tr	I	I could see she was measuring her options , but she didn 't speak .
tr	I	He raised his head slowly and I sat down opposite him .
tr	I	The door swung shut , and I blew out a breath as she grinned .
tr	I	Her hair was frizzy and she was pale .
tr	O	Progress was slow , but they were quiet .
tr	O	You knew him for one year in high school , and he was what ... a freshman , sophomore ?
tr	I	I almost believed it and Horror crossed his face .
tr	O	It was good , sure , but not the end-all everyone 's always talking about .
tr	O	T is all night we have , and all night I plan to enjoy .
tr	I	The smell of popcorn filled the air , and a concession stand stood in the middle .
tr	I	I 'm not crawling back into that hole again , and I 've passed through the pain of getting over him .
tr	I	I think that it 's important , but he wouldn 't tell me what .
tr	I	The emotion came from outside of himself , but his body was reacting to it .
tr	I	I was getting hungry , and it had been a long day .
tr	O	Guro 's voice was grave , and I heard the worry behind it .
tr	I	His face wasn 't more than an inch away from the monitor and his glasses were perched on the top of his head .
tr	I	When I went inside , it was quiet , but Ruby 's car was parked by the house .
tr	I	Rather than try to explain , she chose to trust his judgment , and she knew the Captain was good at interpreting what he saw .
tr	O	The one-eyed soldier put a rope around Mathias 's neck and they marched the two prisoners out of the dark cell .
tr	I	He looked over at me with sparkling , playful eyes while he ran a hand through his delightfully damp hair and we stopped at a red light .
tr	I	She was interrupted by something much more important than one good human , but baffled , Sheba cast around for another avenue to destroy the irritating boy .
tr	O	She knew this man better then most and Garcia 's retaliation was not something that she wanted to subscribe to not now , not ever .
tr	O	It felt right at the time , but now watching Penny walk away , I know it 's wrong .
tr	I	It was the best and because I do care .
tr	O	It doesn 't seem very big from the outside , but there 's a foyer .
tr	O	She had everything and I had nothing !
tr	O	That didn 't bother me , but what happened a few days after that changed everything .
tr	I	He squeezed his eyes shut and his brows furrowed in concentration .
tr	O	He 's barefoot and he 's gorgeous .
tr	O	A few moments later the door opened again and the one-eyed older man from the wall entered .
tr	O	I chuckle a little to try to break the mood but I don 't even get a proper smile from him .
tr	I	The shower turned on and the bathroom door closed .
tr	I	There was no reaching him , but Cole tried to signal Jace to mellow out .
tr	O	Her eyes softened , and I had to touch her .
tr	O	He was not as drunk as she was , and it was obvious he heard her , too .
tr	I	It took ten minutes before they came to the next house -- a pretty little cottage made of flint and the road veered left .
tr	O	Barney told Faye to stand well clear , and he climbed into the cab of a vehicle with a lifting arm .
tr	I	He squeezed me tighter , and I shivered against him .
tr	O	He is holding a flashlight , and he looks far more alert than he did this afternoon , which is a good sign .
tr	I	It was a shitstorm , and the news reporters were jacked up for a sniff of Mac .
tr	I	He followed when we left the room , but Fade was still staring at the Freak .
tr	I	Someone had clearly been there recently , but it may not have been my father who 'd been living in his old cabin .
tr	I	I have been unable to trace what it was , but it is fairly well documented that he used a false identity there .
tr	O	He seems like a nice guy at first , but I don 't know .
tr	I	It was terrifying now , but the Bone City might have been beautiful once .
tr	O	He 's thinking too much about three years ago when he was with his old Sector 7 and he 's not focusing on the match .
tr	I	The light in his emerald eyes chilled her to the bone and he grinned .
tr	O	About a half hour has passed and I 'm still waiting for Layla to come out .
tr	I	He was certain that he didn 't want to start a bigger fight , but he didn 't know much about what he wanted at that moment .
tr	O	When I reach her breast , I graze my finger across her nipple and she gasps in response , her legs fastening around me .
tr	I	She could accept those memories as a small price to pay , but she would never be rid of the trauma she had suffered .
tr	O	They hadn 't broken him and he wasn 't going to disappear into the woods .
tr	I	It was his words that flooded my body with warmth , but the hardness of his chest against mine scrambled my thoughts .
tr	I	I still wanted to do it but I thought this would be weird .
tr	I	I was granted an emergency leave to attend the funeral , and Seventeen My dad died seven weeks later .
tr	I	I jerked forward and my eyes flew open .
tr	I	Her Collar shone in the lamplight , and her leopard eyes were deep green .
tr	I	It didn 't work but she bowed her head to allow her brown hair to cover part of her bleeding nose .
tr	O	The screams of the men were distant , fading , but they were miles away .
tr	I	Her smile took a sly turn , and Mrs. James didn 't quiet them .
tr	I	His eyes weren 't but his mouth was smiling .
tr	O	We need to find my family fast but I need to tend this bruise first .
tr	O	It was all very formal , and Shelby thought she understood what Dawson had meant when he 'd said his sensei was strict .
tr	O	Neil wasn 't sure , but he appreciated it .
tr	O	Admittedly his caress felt good , and her breathing quickened .
tr	O	He had tried during the night to think about what today would bring , but his eyes had closed the minute his head hit the pillow .
tr	I	Her proud stature hunches over and her once dark hair is now frosted completely white .
tr	O	He hadn 't only proved himself susceptible to her wiles , but he also must have been her easiest quarry ever .
tr	I	My son suggested they try it , and your friends had never dived there .
tr	O	I see Derrick looking out of the window and I know he is thinking the same thing .
tr	O	These terrorists did not appear to be very organized , but I was sure they could still fire their guns .
tr	O	In the end , neither side was happy , but the compromise was something they could all live with .
tr	I	The material steamed as it disintegrated in his grasp , and his fingers tightened around the edges of the photograph .
tr	O	The streaking colour in one fluid suggested it was oil , and the strong smell of the other could only be petrol .
tr	O	Apparently he was not , and neither was his bother .
tr	O	In her mind , her face would singe off the second she touched them , but nothing of the sort occurred .
tr	O	Make me lavish love on you and you spoil me with your love .
tr	I	It 's home but it 's humble .
tr	I	The mascara left dry drip marks on cheeks from crying , and my smoky eye makeup was all over the place .
tr	O	The smell became prominent , and I saw the first flash of eyes .
tr	I	He 'd been too stung , too disappointed that she hadn 't come for the reasons he 'd wished ... ? , but he 'd wanted to .
tr	I	He didn 't know what else to say , and he hadn 't convinced her .
tr	I	Shai only shrugs , wide-eyed , and I don 't respond , though .
tr	O	I probably should 've made a run for it while he waited in line , but I didn 't .
tr	I	I knew it must have taken her a long time to do it but it was just messy enough to look effortless .
tr	I	They would never again behold the bright day on their home world , and Twilight had fallen for the last time .
tr	I	Then he 'll be back , and he 'll spend a few weeks , maybe worst case a few months .
tr	O	He had gone to Christine 's flat to investigate , but Christine wasn 't there -- just her guardian , Madame Valerius .
tr	I	The day her brother came back into her life was the day we all will never forget and she needed me as much as I needed her .
tr	O	Mr. Lonely had told him to think about his proposal , but Percival decided to go through with his own threat .
tr	O	Hart smoothed her hair , and she felt his lips , the enticing brush of hair that was his new beard .
tr	I	For a little longer , I could pretend he was mine again , just like he used to be , and we 'd have these three days .
tr	O	The flames went around the boulder but its heat scared her beyond anything she 'd known .
tr	O	His butt cheeks tightened and he ground his teeth as she stroked between the globes of his ass , her fingers lightly going over his anus .
tr	O	The door was open , and light still spilled out despite the late hour .
tr	I	I couldn 't find him in the crowd , but I rammed my way through the mass of people , trying to get closer to Simon .
tr	I	I didn 't expect to enjoy being there , but I started working at Cogent to find answers .
tr	I	It 'll do , but it 's small .
tr	O	Yes , she loved Allen , but she prayed for César .
tr	O	I 've sat through plenty of arguments in my life , mostly in the last two months , but none of them ever scared me like this .
tr	O	I stepped forward and Adam yanked me back .
tr	O	He didn 't take my hand again and I wondered if that was for the best .
tr	I	The drapes fluttered in a soft evening breeze , and the French doors stood open , as usual .
tr	I	She still wasn 't entirely sure she knew what she was doing , but it had helped direct her writing .
tr	O	She told herself she 'd grown used to not having one , but the truth was more complicated than that .
tr	I	No one has ever heard me and I 've been screaming for years .
tr	O	She handed it to him , and he ate that as well .
tr	I	I couldn 't let him do it , but he pointed his gun to her head .
tr	I	She went on , and he looked puzzled .
tr	O	My right arm throbs , but I don 't mind .
tr	I	He wished he could take it back , and she cringed visibly at the word allow .
tr	O	Losing her virginity to Derrick would be wonderful , but she 'd be ashamed in the morning .
tr	I	Finally the two guards , and the Red Woman went first , then me .
tr	I	Whatever it was , it gave him assurance he was heading in the right direction , but he couldn 't explain it .
tr	I	Her anger knocked it out of the way , but fear tried to find room in her chest .
tr	O	I 'd never seen Lucy flirt before , and I didn 't see why she had chosen now to start .
tr	I	I 'm pretty sure he isn 't going to and for a while he doesn 't reply .
tr	O	Steam rose from beneath the hood of a Toyota sedan , and the driver 's arm dangled from the window .
tr	O	His face was flushed , and he was visibly shaking .
tr	O	When we left the restaurant , night had fallen and the streets were empty .
tr	I	Her eyes were closed , and her beautiful face was tilted up , toward his .
tr	O	His tongue slid inside her mouth , and she caressed his with her own .
tr	I	Kylie 's suitcase dropped to the floor and the bus came to a quick stop .
tr	O	I just had to hope that Lucy wouldn 't find out , or I 'd be in for a major lecture .
tr	O	Her curly platinum hair is rigid , and she smells like a concoction of cheap perfumes .
tr	I	They talked about it for a few minutes and she went into the details of her dilemma .
tr	O	For an instant I thought it was Chase , Cody 's dog , but it couldn 't be .
tr	O	I 've been slipping around behind her back taking care of things for her , but that 's all right .
tr	O	Del 's posture was approaching total collapse , but he seemed grudgingly pleased by my compliment .
tr	O	Later that night , it happened again , and for the next eight days , that was the story of their relationship .
tr	I	At the same time I want to go , yet it 's crazy to even think about .
tr	O	Mrs. Voss stared at him with a mild expression of surprise , and Annie felt sure that he was about to give everything away .
tr	O	I reached into my pocket , but I found an infinitely more valuable token .
tr	O	Adrian 's low voice interrupts my solitude and I turn to find him standing behind me .
tr	I	I remember we went to a service for him , but I was a kid .
tr	I	Derek was smart enough to know it and he 'd follow Derek into the depths of hell to have his revenge .
tr	I	He did right by this girl , but I might not like her father .
tr	I	He was already trying to get rid of me and morning had just started .
tr	O	Tears burned my eyes , but I would not cry in front of him .
tr	O	She severely underestimated Gwen ... and that would be a mistake .
tr	O	I don 't know what I had been expecting , but the ballroom blew me away .
tr	I	All those words are forgotten , but I rehearsed what I was going to say .
tr	I	The feeling of ecstasy swirled like a whirlwind tornado , and I felt a spark ignite inside of me .
tr	I	She was fast becoming immune to such reactions , but most people ignored Misty after giving her a sly glance .
tr	O	It might seem silly , but Sam opening his hot dog stand was one of the most important events this city had seen in ten years .
tr	I	I 'll list three men , and so , ladies , pick a subject .
tr	I	Instead of jerking away from him , I let him embrace me , and I knew by the clean scent of the cologne that it was Ash .
tr	I	She shrugged and I glanced at Gemma .
tr	I	He wondered whether she was touching herself and both her hands were below the table .
tr	I	He was getting it , as she clung to him , her body shaking with its need for release , and he wanted her full surrender .
tr	I	Maybe we would have eventually had a family , but my ability to conceive children had seemed sketchy at the time .
tr	O	Without her , all was the perhaps similar , yet all was set adrift .
tr	O	Darius wasn 't pleased , but I could see him making up his mind to accept my advice .
tr	O	I knew what God thought about technical truths , but I also figured he expected me to save my own life .
tr	I	His fangs gleamed , and only one of them smiled .
tr	O	The Wyatt family has had two deaths from unnatural causes recently , and your father makes a third instance .
tr	I	The contract is voided or the money must be transferred Saturday .
tr	I	Jiao noticed that and Jeffery hesitated .
tr	I	I inhaled it and I could smell his soap .
tr	I	I don 't say anything , but I look at her miserably .
tr	I	I followed her with the bat , but I didn 't want to do it .
tr	O	Neither of his parents had ever uttered the words aloud , but in his heart he knew they had blamed him for it .
tr	I	You know my words are true and take one look at Valley Forge .
tr	I	I shivered , and my skin went a little prickly , a little cool .
tr	O	Nip climbed up Jack 's leg and perched on his shoulder .
tr	I	She drew a deep breath and Maddie 's eyes opened .
tr	O	It was rough going over steep ground , and Anna always seemed to be just on the verge of vanishing into the trees .
tr	I	I felt it reach my fingertips and the tingling built in my back .
tr	I	It was as if someone had cemented them shut , but she truly tried to open her eyes .
tr	O	I hoped that would suffice , and somehow , it did .
tr	I	That doesn 't include study time and you already do forty hours a week at school .
tr	O	When he saw me , his expression relaxed and I saw that in addition to worry , he seemed sad as well .
tr	I	I don 't know where , but I see a big warehouse .
tr	I	Yet somehow it feels like the bear has won , and it only takes one bullet to finish it off .
tr	O	I didn 't want to get him in trouble , but Kathryn McDonald deserved to know the truth .
tr	I	Everything feels perfect in this moment , but our path was rough getting here .
tr	O	She stopped listening when Colin turned her toward the stairs and they went to the library .
tr	O	He was a good foot tal er than her , but she threw him around the room like he was nothing .
tr	I	I felt Michael 's profound relief , and we heard sirens in the distance .
tr	I	Berry didn 't seem to mind , which was refreshing , and I was not much of a person for small talk .
tr	O	His body tensed and he let out a rough shout of completion as the first wave of release crashed against him .
tr	I	I stoop over to him and Chapter 43 Anthony falls all the way down to the floor .
tr	I	I found it sexy on him , but I had never liked stubble on a man .
tr	I	The sudden urge to take Jess with me had hit , but I had been planning on going for over a week now .
tr	O	If she was guessing right tonight was going to be a special night and she needed to be ready .
tr	O	She appeared not to be breathing , until Dean scooped her up , and she moaned very quietly .
tr	O	Jess was in the shower getting ready for work and you were nowhere to be found .
tr	O	I kick the bottom of her shoe , maybe a little too hard , but it does the job .
tr	I	He swung her once more into his arms and a slow , satisfied smile crossed his lips .
tr	O	His wings expanded in a rush , and he disappeared before she could follow .
tr	I	His flight wasn 't a terrible waste after all , and he had accomplished something that he had set out to do .
tr	I	Rob started at Tuck 's end , and I started at the far end .
tr	O	His head snapped back and he dropped .
tr	I	It wasn 't pretty , but eventually he found his way to the nightstand .
tr	I	She quivered beneath him , and he stroked a gentle finger down the length of her spine .
tr	O	Navarre stood at the head of the table , Levi to his left , and Harrison next to him .
tr	I	It was the one person I had been trying to contact since the crash , but I wouldn 't have picked it up .
tr	I	Nate wouldn 't let her open it , but jerking away despite her unsteadiness , she reached for the door .
tr	O	Watching the tall saw grass swaying and fluffy clouds floating across the sky .
tr	O	I attempt to say his name louder , but there isn 't enough effort left in my body .
tr	O	The hospitals knew the name of everyone admitted , and none of them was Jason .
tr	O	Anyway , I hope you 'll think this is good news , but I may be able to come back to the camp .
tr	I	Her arm felt like a dead weight and her shoulder was throbbing with each heartbeat .
tr	I	He snapped pictures , and I forced a grin .
tr	I	I had to walk very slowly and the concrete was slick with ice .
tr	O	They can blackmail them , and they can use them .
tr	I	There was no need , but Seth thought about his answer a moment .
tr	O	The whole thing had gotten away from me , and I knew after that statement there was no going back .
tr	I	Jackie knew he was enjoying himself , but there was scarce affect in Bennett 's voice .
tr	I	Everybody else and killing me protects me .
tr	I	We left the bus and three other kids rose .
tr	O	Meeting with Toby didn 't seem like the best idea , but I didn 't know where else to turn .
tr	O	He felt her pulse leap frantically at the base of her neck and his finger continued its journey .
tr	I	Within seconds a black , cute wolf stared back at him and he watched in amazement as her body changed .
tr	I	I knew how large that type could grow , but I hadn 't asked Roland much about the dust storms in Arizona .
tr	I	He had clients around the world , and his massive firm had offices in thirty-two cities .
tr	O	Both of them rang , but there was no answer .
tr	O	I know where she was heading with that and I 'm glad he stopped her .
tr	O	Cameron had called it the guest parlor , and that 's exactly what she felt like .
tr	I	She doesn 't move , but I wait for Callie .
tr	I	He fell to the ground and the energy balls stopped coming .
tr	O	Misery made Logan 's shoulders sag , and his voice was so soft I had to strain to hear it .
tr	O	There were other assumptions , too , but he 'd get to those later .
tr	I	I still had my scrubs on , and there was no rough stone floor here .
tr	O	Every once in a while she 'll get this conniving look in her eyes and it 's appearing in full form .
tr	I	Her own pulse jumped and she sensed it as his breathing quickened .
tr	I	The truck stopped and she flagged it down .
tr	O	His hand remained gripping his chest and his eyes bore holes into Hunter .
tr	O	Garrett poured them both another shot , and Devon gladly took it this time .
tr	I	To stay alive and I just needed a couple minutes - .
tr	I	He couldn 't deny it , but maybe not the most commendable of motives .
tr	I	Celine turned , keeping the cat out of reach but Kylie stretched out a hand .
tr	O	Normally she would 've accepted but Margaret 's rebuke still rang in her ears .
tr	I	His shoulders seem to slump in a sigh , but I couldn 't quite tell from the distance .
tr	I	I knew what came next , but I might be a virgin .
tr	O	She paused and I rolled my eyes .
tr	O	Maurice gave the kid a sharp look to see if he was making a joke , but the kid had never done that kind of thing before .
tr	O	I looked up at him and his encouraging eyes plead with mine .
tr	I	Her mind rejected what she read , but the hair on the back of Jasmine 's neck rose as she stared at that last sentence .
tr	O	It was an instinct she had , and she didn 't know why .
tr	O	The sensation was exquisite , but it was nothing compared to the sight of the city that sparkled over a velvet black landscape .
tr	O	There would be more later , but for now this was enough .
tr	I	She acts like she does , but the woman doesn 't own this shop .
tr	O	When Daemon turned the horse toward the path , there was no resistance , and the gallop was halfhearted at best .
tr	I	Nothing would ever have been enough to stop Jax 's pain from tearing us apart , but I had wanted to make it work .
tr	O	It snapped free and she fell backward .
tr	I	Nothing changed in Vlad 's expression except a bright red handprint that quickly faded , but maximus looked like he was going to have a stroke .
tr	I	She liked working for Global Computer Graphics Corporation , and she enjoyed the privacy that the small town afforded .
tr	I	They reached the last wagon unscathed and he called for his warriors to follow him .
tr	O	She 's with a man and he knows how to fight .
tr	O	She started walking down the bike path towards her house , but she didn 't get very far .
tr	O	Her body was still regenerating , but her strength had grown tenfold .
tr	O	His wife had died in a in a car accident about 10 years earlier , and his son had just had a baby girl .
tr	O	She still didn 't know what was going on , but her assessment of its implication had just taken on new heights .
tr	I	He wondered why he hadn 't heard her walk up , and Colleen stood not a foot from the ladder , watching him .
tr	O	I came so close to killing Anderson once , and I 'll make sure I have that chance again .
tr	I	His jaw tightens , but James doesn 't turn to me .
tr	O	Sensible shoes would have been in order , but to Lilly these were sensible .
tr	I	I know that we will exit it in the same way and we came into this world together .
tr	O	Nicole called in a heating guy and apparently something had been removed from the furnace .
tr	I	Colin , one eyebrow raised , followed Emma 's lead to look at the ceiling , and Rina groaned .
tr	O	TJ offered her the bottle of water , and her trembling hands couldn 't open it .
tr	O	Joshua walked toward Ben , and when merely feet away , the bear raised up on its hind legs .
tr	I	I 'd stolen his world , and he 'd loved her .
tr	O	It was probably a fiction , but one too terrifying to ignore .
tr	O	Eleanor paused to sip her tea , and Ainsley laughed , feeling better already .
tr	O	I thought it was a coincidence , and now I 'm not so sure .
tr	O	All it took was one look at me , and she was following me into my room .
tr	O	* * I do , but he whines about it .
tr	I	I reached into my inside pocket , and we got the corner seats .
tr	I	I have super strength and I could run super-fast .
tr	O	Guns are messy , unpredictable , and they make too much noise .
tr	O	She has lost two younger brothers , and both times she found out via a phone call .
tr	O	They 'll make sure she 's safe to their last breath , or they 'll answer to me .
tr	I	Jackie turned around and the woman came down the steps .
tr	O	The motor roared , and the front end of the boat lifted in the air as the vessel shot forward .
tr	I	His gran 's a dear and his dad 's a gentleman .
tr	I	It was plain in his manner , his actions , his words - but he might not have all of his facts lined up - yet .
tr	O	It 's nearly always empty and this evening is no different .
tr	I	It didn 't feel right , but I 've wanted to see more of him , to just talk to him .
tr	O	He nodded , and I slipped back into the crowd .
tr	O	A waiter fills our water glasses and a bottle of wine appears .
tr	O	I felt the shudder that rocked the lion as I wrapped my arms around its thick neck and flung myself to the side as Cade had .
tr	O	His scars identified him as I rolled him over , and I muffled his groan with a hand over his mouth .
tr	O	Sarah had a pout on her face but it was just for effect .
tr	I	It was indeed the same one Sarah had found , and 3 Bryson described which trench he was talking about .
tr	O	We 're friends , and I won 't cross that line , at least not yet .
tr	O	Hal 's eyes widened in shock and he rose to his feet , dropping Tasha 's hand in the process .
tr	O	My unit charged them and the rest of Rupert 's horsemen rode back to the battle to help what remained of the King 's infantry .
tr	I	The thing inside me broke completely and one single tear rolled down his cheek .
tr	I	In that moment , I didn 't think she cared , but sex wasn 't the right way to show her how I felt about her .
tr	I	Caesar leaned over to pick up his toga and the mask went away .
tr	O	We were deep in the throes of that , and now there is a little girl in my life who is more important than anything .
tr	I	Brian 's record was what they had in common and Conversation was conversation .
tr	I	She needed to hear his voice , but he wouldn 't like her spending so much money on long-distance calls , instead of e-mailing .
tr	O	Andrea eased her concentration under the threads and slowly , slowly started to loosen them .
tr	I	I followed her lead and we left the station .
tr	I	Demand everyone acknowledge that he was mine and something in me wanted to mark him .
tr	I	I trusted my instincts , and my instincts said he was dangerous .
tr	O	I turn to see a tiny smile breaking through that cloud and I heave a sigh of relief .
tr	I	The woman was fast approaching her , and Devon had the last seat on the train .
tr	I	There is no news but Adrian comes out from time to time .
tr	O	When I reach him , his back is to me , and he is giving orders for the gate to be checked .
tr	O	The lantern swung from side to side and the light did the same .
tr	O	Grace looked down at Macy 's face and she wished the woman would stop talking .
tr	I	By the end of her own regime , she would see all immortals aligned , and her ascension was the first of many battles to erect change .
tr	I	Alyosha heard several constructs explode when they were destroyed , and this attack was stronger than the last .
tr	I	It had started out so innocently and Alexa had been the one to bring it up to me .
tr	O	He shuddered , gasping , convulsing , and she felt the hot wash of his seed deep inside her .
tr	O	He had four girls to take care of on one income , and he needed a sure thing .
tr	O	The wedding was scheduled in August and the community was already making preparations .
tr	I	That 's all we have in common , but we may share the same last name .
tr	I	That is to go to buy to eat , and the difficulty now came .
tr	O	Bex lunged , striking the man , but he didn 't fall .
tr	O	The spell was broken but not her hold on the arm rail .
tr	O	I didn 't know why he was helping me but at this point I 'd rather not ask .
tr	O	We paddled backward as fast as we could , but it wasn 't going to work .
tr	O	Blood sprayed from his nose , and he hit the ground hard .
tr	I	When he raised the knife for another strike , Ethan turned away , and Pilcher 's lips moved again as Alyssa 's face disintegrated into agony .
tr	I	He struggled with frantic energy and the man was clearly hysterical .
tr	I	The doors swung loose and the windows were broken .
tr	I	I needed time to think , and I was only human , after all .
tr	I	I could tell she was undone , and her eyes had that glassy , faraway look .
tr	O	Although dressed impeccably , his hair was a mess and a growth of stubble darkened his normally smooth cheeks .
tr	I	Nothing else mattered , and he was real .
tr	I	She avoided his hand by leaning back and he moved closer to touch her face .
tr	O	He thought that the rains would soon return and they would be able to return as well .
tr	I	He couldn 't find the damn key again , but he checked his jacket pockets first , then his pants pockets .
tr	I	The hysteria that is gripping my chest already has its hold on me , but his words would usually comfort me .
tr	I	It was real to me , but the happy front may have been a charade for my parents .
tr	O	There was a rumor that he sometimes ate , but he 'd never been caught in the process .
tr	O	So the Conglomerate prosecuted me , but Tarn paid to get me acquitted .
tr	I	I clenched my sweating fists , and my voice produced a vibrato .
tr	O	I give the knob a turn and hot water pours from the faucet .
tr	I	I shot a glance at the attendant to see if he saw him too and my eyes widened .
tr	I	I felt dirty wearing it and it reminded me of the other women .
tr	O	Her sixth sense was tuned quite fine , and he nearly always had advance warning .
tr	O	Her eyes popped open at that one but he could see he had her .
tr	O	Mother was in the carriage and Victoria had to save her .
tr	I	I draw my eyes up , and there 's a metallic glint to the left .
tr	I	He couldn 't keep it out , but he heard the bitterness in his tone .
tr	I	Something else caught my eye but there was no car in the driveway .
tr	O	Everyone was quiet for a few seconds , and the girls looked blankly at one another .
tr	I	Atticus ran away too , but Bella hopped down to help me .
tr	O	She tilted her head to the side and I saw Pris standing in the corner .
tr	O	People were praying for warmer weather and those prayers were going to be answered .
tr	O	You know it and I know it .
tr	O	The stranger had now vanished and her eyes turned to the house which sat up on the hills looking down on the town square of Ashville .
tr	O	He knew his affect on women , but there were some that were drawn to him even more than others .
tr	O	She 'd see him , however briefly , and they could arrange a time to talk .
tr	O	I sat on David 's left , and Evan sat on the other side of me .
tr	O	I worked nearly twenty years on it , and in 1996 I made a huge breakthrough .
tr	I	His gaze lingered on my lips , and he gave me a crooked smile .
tr	I	The kids push around me and I stop in my tracks .
tr	I	He didn 't care , but he figured she was perhaps twice his age .
tr	I	They linked arms with him , and he stumbled .
tr	I	With every thrust it 's as if he 's pressing his erection against my heat more strongly , and Domenico starts rocking against me .
tr	O	He shipped her off that first summer , and I 'm afraid he didn 't really check out the camp very well .
tr	O	Rio 's gaze drifted downward and Hancock emitted a soft laugh .
tr	I	If you have access to a computer , we could do some sort of video call , or we can handle this on a conference call .
tr	O	He wanted something much more sinister - and it seemed that he had found out how to do it .
tr	I	Even I thought it was farther out than this and we go out on the boat quite a lot .
tr	O	She opened her mouth , but no sound came out .
tr	O	I hurried in as fast as I could , but it was too late .
tr	I	Hopefully she was still alive and her mother would be the only one who cared .
tr	I	I let out a sigh and that makes my heart race even faster .
tr	I	She was given compassionate leave of absence and Bella contacted Hilda via her school secretary .
tr	I	Jake Griffin put me on edge , but I don 't like women who think being a bitch means being strong .
tr	O	Her hair stood on end and she collapsed to her knees .
tr	O	A hand touches my shoulder , and I twitch away from it .
tr	O	I held out my arms and she sat on my lap .
tr	O	Thrice he 'd seduced her , and thrice she 'd let him .
tr	O	The anger was still there , but it was tempered by the fact that she had come out of it unharmed .
tr	I	Sure enough there was an unmistakable sanguine sheen to a number of the leaves on the bush and we walked out to where he stood .
tr	I	Moose pushed Squirrel , nearly launching him off the side of the dock , and he threw an angry look at his cohorts .
tr	I	Brad nodded to DS Scott of the Met , and so far they had guessed his route correctly .
tr	I	It was seriously warping my senses , and SOS was making me overly suspicious .
tr	I	Enough was enough , but I had let him have his fun .
tr	I	There always seemed to be plenty of it around his parents ' house , and Oliver liked fruitcake .
tr	I	He never came out but I sat on the couch watching television .
tr	I	They both stared in silence at the house and Bryan squeezed Liz 's hand .
tr	I	The wal s were lined with heavy tomes bound in dark leather , gold printing across the spines , and the drapes were pulled across the windows .
tr	I	A disbelieving smile curved his thin lips , and his eyes gleamed with amusement as they landed on Ashby .
tr	O	I 'd moved forward , limping , and he brought her over to me .
tr	I	They parted and she laughed .
tr	O	A big grin transformed his wife 's features , and his heart halted .
tr	I	She didn 't want to confess everything that she had found out tonight , but she was in the middle of it .
tr	I	Disappointment is setting in and he 's focused on the road grader .
tr	O	Papers fluttered to the floor , and he bent to retrieve them .
tr	I	Snow was steadily increasing the further we drove , but there 'd only been light flurries at Court .
tr	O	There was a loud buzzing sound in my ears and I could not concentrate on Regina 's voice .
tr	O	Bryan complained with a short grunt , but Liz had already started up the stairs .
tr	I	There was not a sign of the other men , but dropping the coins into a pocket , he ran back downstream a bit .
tr	O	His phone buzzed and he pulled it out .
tr	O	The corporate jet was at LaGuardia and she 'd given the small crew a few days off to explore New York .
tr	I	I slid in and he opened my door for me .
tr	I	Andrew grasps me with his free hand , but his hands retreat from holding me .
tr	O	The stench is foul , but it isn 't fatal , so my body doesn 't automatically generate a magical force field .
tr	O	He also claimed to have the insatiable sexual appetite of an addict , but why would he think she would be able to satisfy him ?
tr	I	I wondered if he was thinking about that kiss at the lake , and he grinned back at me with an appealing glimmer in his eye .
tr	O	She meant to sound critical , but her voice came out all husky bemusement as he started undressing her with swift efficiency .
tr	O	The lights are all white , and there 's no tinsel .
tr	O	The elevator stopped and the door opened .
tr	I	The sun was shining brightly , and sure enough he could see flames rising up in the distance .
tr	O	Will dressed for dinner was handsome enough to take away her breath , and she 'd had the feeling she 'd need her wits about her .
tr	I	None were serious , but a few scratches on the arms needed bandages .
tr	I	For what I was after , I needed light to read the small printed numbers on the packages , but normally , I wouldn 't have .
tr	O	I moved to my left to give it a good look over , and there right at the front was the number plate , TOL 006 .
tr	O	Drew was generally pretty harsh with his reporters , but Brianna had never had to endure his wrath .
tr	O	He told me he wasn 't ready to be a dad and he didn 't think I was ready to be a mom .
tr	O	I hustled home that day , but I didn 't tell Sandor what had happened .
tr	O	He couldn 't tell what was holding her back , but he knew it wasn 't a lack of interest .
tr	O	He shoved her , and she nearly ran into the knife Gina was holding out .
tr	O	My toes started to curl and my mind turned into a wheel of spinning colors .
tr	I	Her wrists were bandaged , and she was painfully thin .
tr	O	It 's strange calling a supervisor by their first name , but I guess I 'll have to get used to it .
tr	I	That 's just too damn sad and every part of me begs to cry .
tr	I	She held my hand and Meg 's eyes widened .
tr	O	His wife is pretty crippled up and they don 't go out often .
tr	I	He swept me into his chest and Jason 's arms wrapped my body .
tr	O	I was trembling but he was steady .
tr	I	I was very grateful it was where it was , and my trunk was at the end of the bed , though .
tr	I	It began swirling in circles and I stretched my hand out .
tr	O	He put his hand in hers , and she brushed her index finger gently over his palm .
tr	O	A second hard thing pushed at my other opening , and I clenched once again , fighting the intimate invasion .
tr	O	Except now she was aware and her mind couldn 't stop spinning .
tr	O	She asks me about my career goals and I can 't answer her .
tr	I	That never stopped my fantasy life from including him , but everything about him screamed high society , far out of my league .
tr	I	The Winter Court is my home , and whatever happens , Mab is still my queen .
tr	O	Marci is still missing and no one seems to know where she is either .
tr	O	Focused and making plans .
tr	O	I 'll make sure I help these men and they 'll never bother you again .
tr	I	It was good enough for me , but she didn 't sound too happy to drop the subject .
tr	I	Judgment was clear in his tone , but he looked exhausted .
tr	O	She pulled it up and over her head , then dropped it around his neck .
tr	I	Each time it was Conrad , and it rang three different times .
tr	O	I gave a curt nod , indicating success , and then spoke to him later when we were filing out of the class .
tr	O	While Heather went to her baby , Daniel tried to comfort Betty but she would not be comforted .
tr	O	Mike 's knees went weak and he fell to the floor .
tr	O	My friend 's mood didn 't improve during his stay , and she stood vigil the whole time he was with us .
tr	O	I grabbed Hunter 's arm for security and he gave my hand a gentle squeeze .
tr	O	The noise is jarring and she can feel her hair begin to glow in anger .
tr	O	Her thick , sable hair fell to the middle of her back , and her light gray eyes looked like the sea just before a storm .
tr	I	I finally felt a sense of calm that I hadn 't felt in a while and he smiled .
tr	O	It took several pulse-pounding seconds to shake off his mesmerizing effect , but she did , then hustled to her vehicle .
tr	O	It had six aether current propellers , and its barge section was mainly one massive steam engine .
tr	I	She was being pulled toward it , and she could feel his spirit .
tr	O	A glass of juice was handed over and he helped me drink .
tr	O	Jake seems like a really nice guy , and I didn 't want to ruin any chance of becoming friends with him .
tr	O	Something was pulling me and there was the sickening copper smell of blood .
tr	O	Every stride of the gallop brought pain , but every stride brought them closer to home .
tr	I	I got some helpful criticism from him and we shared our work with each other .
tr	O	You won 't be afforded such an opportunity , and you know what you told me about grabbing opportunities Donald .
tr	O	The entire fleet has been vandalized and no new parts are getting here .
tr	O	Rolling to her back , she discovered the French doors had been blown open , and hailstones now pellet the wooden floor .
tr	O	He laid me on the leather sofa nearest the fireplace and the morning sun was streaming in at seemingly impossible angles .
tr	O	Karla felt a jolt straighten her spine and her brows lower into a tight frown .
tr	O	As if in slow motion her knees gave away and her body began to crumple to the floor .
tr	O	The opening to its trap closes suddenly , and there 's no doubt about the outcome .
tr	I	Using their children for political gain , and part of him understood this maneuvering .
tr	I	He doubted it was for the same reason , but Erin had kept quiet , too .
tr	O	I pushed the canvas and it unrolled .
tr	O	There was a series of clicks , but otherwise nothing happened .
tr	I	Grey brain matter leaking over the exposed cheek , and he could see the hole in his head .
tr	I	We exchange a wa that says everything and Vel touches a talon to my cheek .
tr	O	The bottom of the canal had been cracked by the sun and it was evident that it hadn 't seen water for a very long time .
tr	I	They came from the rear and the Welsh were riding double .
tr	O	The girl took his giant hand with her primary arm , and they repeated their names to each other .
tr	O	Enough blood in his eyes , and he 'd be a lot easier to handle .
tr	I	That was when I had enough and he struggled the last few feet towards me .
tr	O	His mind searched for a solution , but Genny spoke before he could rationalize one .
tr	I	He 'd never pretended to be anything else , and he was Beau Prescott , amazing lover , ridiculous asshole .
tr	O	They shamed you by their words , and you were ostracised .
tr	I	This wasn 't really a situation where any give-and-take was possible , but most of the time they compromised when they didn 't agree .
tr	I	He always finds me , but he 's not close .
tr	O	The relationship was going nowhere , and she just downright scared me .
tr	I	He stammered for a few seconds and his mouth fell open .
tr	O	Tara held the soul of a giver , and a man would be safe offering his trust .
tr	O	He didn 't know , but he 'd let her change the subject since he was equally interested in what she had to say about Sam .
tr	O	The music picked up again and the level of conversation increased .
tr	O	He might have held the marriage together for David 's sake , but he certainly didn 't want back in .
tr	O	Any one of these houses could fit inside my kitchen and we 'd still have room to cook a meal .
tr	O	I did that all through college and I 'm not so weak anymore .
tr	O	She didn 't leave me enough to discover her , but she left me enough to rediscover the Great Perhaps .
tr	I	The fight resumed , and the rest period didn 't last long .
tr	I	He didn 't make it easy , and she killed her predecessor .
tr	O	He turned onto his side , so that we were facing each other , and then he clasped my right hand in his .
tr	O	It had taken this long for me to admit it , but I 'd had enough of Chance 's secrets .
tr	O	They were both silent on the drive back to the base , and inevitably her mind turned to the coming kiss .
tr	I	She didn 't budge but Lise pulled Natalie by the arm .
tr	O	The prototype is gone , and I still know where all the Hale family skeletons are buried .
tr	I	I have to , but neither do I .
tr	I	The barrel was pointed right at me and she was holding a gun .
tr	I	It 's easy to imagine him a dashing young emperor and his Romanesque facial features are striking .
tr	I	Kelly shook the thought away , but a voice from somewhere deep inside her pricked her heart , telling her that the key was to be faithful .
tr	I	She gulped it back in one smooth motion , and the bartender slid her shot in front of her .
tr	I	Her fragrance still lingered in the room mixed with their combined scents , and he inhaled .
tr	O	I glanced at Caden to check the effect of his sister 's tone but his face showed no emotion , his eyes still intently focused on me .
tr	O	I am , nonetheless , a forgiving woman , and I will give you a chance to redeem yourself .
tr	O	Cat asks , and I 'm almost grateful to her for ending the silence .
tr	I	Consciousness dimmed , and then the door burst open .
tr	I	He finally looked at me , and for a moment I ceased to exist .
tr	O	Her right breast pressed into her arm , and the pressure made her wince .
tr	O	The wind 's icy fingers clawed at her skin , but she couldn 't go in .
tr	I	I answered , loping toward the trees , leaving Edward , Nic , the world behind , and the forest called to me .
tr	O	Outside it was already dark and there was no burning candle .
tr	O	I felt a finger brush against my opening , and I cried out , bucking with need .
tr	I	I didn 't want to question him more , but I wasn 't exactly sure where he was getting at .
tr	I	I 'd grown up a lot since coming to Mythos , but yeah , I was only seventeen .
tr	O	Maddie had never met him , but she 'd heard of him .
tr	O	It was clear to see that she didn 't like the idea of helping me , but she really didn 't have a choice .
tr	I	He doubted she felt any better than he did , but Clay didn 't know what she was thinking .
tr	I	He had thanked God every day that went by without it and he had prayed that it wouldn 't ever come back .
tr	I	Chewy thought he had somehow lost the connection if that was even possible nowadays and the phone went silent .
tr	I	I couldn 't figure out why , but I wanted to rub it in his face the minute it happened .
tr	I	The boat hit them , straight on , crunching , and the torchlight illuminated the rocks ahead .
tr	O	The only problem was that he could not carry a tune , and I had no idea what the song sounded like .
tr	I	It hurt more to see the shushing glances from the ladies in front of him when they heard him yelp , but it hurt .
tr	O	He might have loved me , but he obviously loved himself more .
tr	O	A million questions clamored in her head , but she couldn 't ask any of them .
tr	O	I know it , and I 'm sure I can prove it .
tr	O	The truth was , she hated to ask them , but she HAD wanted to stay home tomorrow with Ryan .
tr	I	She knew he was someplace else , continuing to love her , but Sara may have lost Brian 's love in this world .
tr	I	A third stood talking to Tony Vincent , the coroner 's investigator and two cops searched through the trash along the buildings .
tr	I	His back straightened , and his hands fisted .
tr	O	His eyes narrowed and he swapped his weapon from hand to hand .
tr	O	With Derek gone , she had to work full-time , but the cost of quality day care for the boys had been prohibitive .
tr	I	A knife wasn 't much use against a gun , but she had a kitchen knife for a weapon .
tr	I	You would say , ' Sam 's here and I remember I would ask you what you were doing .
tr	I	She felt that he was nervous of introducing her to his mother , but he didn 't seem like a mummy 's boy .
tr	O	He had suppressed it by thinking intensely of other things , but the storm overrode all intensity of thought .
tr	O	I wished I was , but I was just me .
tr	O	Before I knew it , the hours had flown by and it was almost midnight when my phone rang flashing a picture of Jack .
tr	O	She fel to her knees , and we fel with her .
tr	O	Naturally the cabin had no modern conveniences , but it 'd served as a family vacation home ever since .
tr	O	She took off , walking tentatively , and I followed .
tr	O	Sawyer 's words came back to her , and now she knew he was right .
tr	O	We couldn 't see much but there 's a lot of smoke on the far side of the forest .
tr	I	They had an equally difficult time understanding us , but it was not only hard for us to understand what they were saying .
tr	I	I managed a smile , but it hurts my ears .
tr	I	He knew that Nana would hear him , and he could see the windows open near the front door .
tr	I	Humor sparkled in his eyes and Dominic 's lips twitched .
tr	I	It was not the kind smile Annabelle could wring from him , but he smiled .
tr	O	I told him I thought you were coming around and a glass of warm broth would probably be appreciated .
tr	O	I had been injury-free since we left base camp , but my fun time was over .
tr	I	That 's where this is leading and too tired to argue with you .
tr	I	I hoped those would be coming off next and Marshall was just in his boxer 's now .
tr	I	She kissed him all over the face as renewed tears rolled from her eyes and her brother was safe .
tr	I	Anna was no exception , and people relaxed around her .
tr	O	Minutes later the party arrived , and she counted silently .
tr	O	The water was coated with an oily film , and I wondered how anything could live down there .
tr	O	Everything 's so wrong , and I 'm so tired .
tr	I	Caitlin finished her meal , and she left the room .
tr	I	Now it felt like masturbating in the town square , and she had never been one for Church before .
tr	O	I hear him grunt and there 's a scraping sound , like metal rubbing against metal .
tr	O	They promised a full investigation , but Corrado didn 't need one .
tr	O	He holds out a hand for my sister and she shakes it warily .
tr	I	It came spilling out in one large square , taking up most of the little studio booth and I unrolled the foam .
tr	O	He started to go back into the house , but Kennedy grasped his arm .
tr	O	The trouble is , I don 't usually go to Weymouth , and I don 't intend to while the Cavalier army is there .
tr	O	She had rarely seen her father angry , especially with her , and she thought quickly .
tr	O	Until now all I had from the university was an acceptance letter and a dozen forms to fill out .
tr	I	I never knew that he would be watching it , but I once informed him about this show .
tr	I	Right now he didn 't have the time , but he could just stare at her all day .
tr	I	Their global influence will effectively vanish overnight , and their economy will end up at roughly the size of the economy of Norway .
tr	O	She left him anyway , because he 'd asked her to , and she would do anything for him .
tr	I	Her hand moves to the doorknob and she backs away from him again .
tr	I	Breaking into it was impossible without making a lot of noise , but the inn wasn 't impregnable with me away .
tr	I	I had a further flash of gratitude that he didn 't taste like blood and our tongues twined together .
tr	O	She was a big woman but the bed gave her space .
tr	O	Conrad caught me before I hit the ground , but I wished he would have let me fall .
tr	O	He was burning a bridge but he didn 't care .
tr	O	She wasn 't an anchor and she couldn 't be around other people without pain .
tr	O	The lock snapped loudly , and the door swung open .
tr	I	She stared intently at the ground , worrying her bottom lip between her teeth , but I turned to Ava for support .
tr	I	There was no movement , but he was warm to the touch .
tr	I	He called her back , but then she went to find the doctor .
tr	O	She lifted her shoulders in a shrug , but it only emphasized how vulnerable she was here .
tr	O	She still had not worked out his motives , but she was sure they could not be trusted .
tr	I	It wasn 't often he felt that particular tactile pleasure , and she 'd been so soft .
tr	O	He has no weapons and he 's behind cell bars .
tr	I	You take responsibility for that , but Roll Fox out the door into the street if you want to .
tr	I	Most of them didn 't live two years past that , and most of them had the binding done in the military .
tr	I	I didn 't care a whole lot , and I was not surprised at her attitude .
tr	I	He was quick to fumble his wallet out of his pants pocket , and Wendy shot Brian a speaking glance .
tr	I	She would and she could do this .
tr	O	I have nothing and I am nothing .
tr	I	I frowned , my heart sinking , and Michael didn 't answer immediately .
tr	I	It would be helpful to have a pair , and the Arabian stallion would sire a better grade of riding animals .
tr	I	He came back from the war a changed man , but not that he was the sort of person to lie .
tr	O	Moisture seeped into her dress , and her teeth started to chatter .
tr	I	I promise this middle-aged bitch will be easier , and our only other choice is to take on a bunch of hunters .
tr	I	Her mouth compressed , and it took Rue a minute to understand what Sylvia meant .
tr	O	Gabe stiffens , and a wave of red goes through his aura .
tr	O	The day Scully could hunt like his mentors was far away , he knew , and today he was to guard the treeline .
tr	O	Summer catches my eyes and she mouths , ' shake what you 're mama gave ya ' .
tr	I	Mary Ann 's friendship was important to her , and Destiny would never be able to even pretend they were friends .
tr	I	Jeff spoke up from the doorway , but I started to put on the panties .
tr	I	It will never be filled again and my chest is only a hollow shell .
tr	O	I opened my mouth again to elaborate , but there was really nothing more to add .
tr	O	I passed gently humming air vents and still , silent doors -- each one staring at me with a tiny brass peephole .
tr	O	She did need to eat , but she needed him more .
tr	I	She was still trying to focus on her breathing and they were prepping her for an I.V. .
tr	I	His gangly arms sagged a bit , and the older man sighed without turning .
tr	O	The nausea hit again , but he kept his feet .
tr	O	As settlements went it was not huge , and housed only about ten thousand people .
tr	O	Guilt over hurting him still gnawed at me though , and I was surprised he 'd stopped calling so quickly .
tr	O	Harriet retorted , and Allan smiled wryly .
tr	O	I 'm sorry Max , but that 's the system .
tr	I	I found peace in that and I had thought I was running on plain machinery .
tr	O	His eyelids fluttered and he stared at her with pleading eyes .
tr	O	Outside smelled like freshly cut lawn , but it was just the bus using its rims to till the earth .
tr	I	Regardless , it makes me feel pretty damned good , but I 'm sure it 's al because of Dad .
tr	I	Mike forced himself to believe it , and the doctors said it was treatable .
tr	O	Europe was attacked first , and Mom was in Europe .
tr	O	The ancient tumblers were easy to decipher and I worked the dial without hesitation .
tr	I	Joni froze in the hallway , and James choked on his coffee .
tr	O	They were all drunk by now ( except the Fox , who had gone early ) , but their drinking had sickened me less than their eating .
tr	O	Ann 's door was half open , and a key protruded from the lock .
tr	O	My eyes meet hers in the mirror and she stares at me for several seconds .
tr	O	He could pass for any regular person , but that wasn 't a guarantee of safety .
tr	O	I felt goose bumps forming on my arms and I rubbed them to keep them warm .
tr	I	The commander of the Red feared a counterattack from the mounted troops which came not , and the afternoon was growing late .
tr	I	I think she moved here to be closer to him , but he claimed it was because his mother moved here .
tr	O	Iona smiled , and Jamie saw that she was careful not to flash any fang .
tr	O	Some insight into Nikki wouldn 't only help her , but it might make this new living arrangement more bearable .
tr	I	Her throat was dry , but she tried to swallow .
tr	O	I don 't understand it , but he seems drawn to the darkness of one 's soul .
tr	O	He managed to reprogram the autopilot and the spaceship stayed on Earth .
tr	I	He understood the necessity for it , but it was quite the annoying routine in his mind .
tr	O	The chasm was about ten feet wide at its entrance and only a pale light flowed down from above .
tr	I	Then her gaze sought the beautiful vista before her , and Eveline smiled back .
tr	I	It was fading , but the door was still there .
tr	I	I had my eye on the one furthest from the stairs , but I wasn 't sure which one Dad wanted me to use .
tr	I	A tall , lean man stepped inside , and the side door opened .
tr	I	It got confused with the carnal but you were looking for spiritual union .
tr	O	The sound of his voice faded , but somehow Joni knew he kept preaching .
tr	I	I 'm really happy right now , but I don 't want to hurt you .
tr	I	Mike met Jennifer 's eyes , but Henry seemed unable to move .
tr	I	She wanted to see more of what the world had to offer , but she enjoyed them .
tr	O	Dougal 's eyes cleared a little , and he nodded again .
tr	O	I thought of Baby Jenks again , that pitiful little thing , and all the blood drinkers who were now dead .
tr	O	He pushed it back in , and the lights went back on .
tr	O	With that the servant reached through the massive grill of the gate , and Ambrose handed him the letter .
tr	O	He sensed that she was hiding something , and he had to know what a woman like Mariah Throckmorton had to hide .
tr	I	Even though she couldn 't see his eyes , she could tell his gaze was fastened on her , and he sat across from them .
tr	O	They did , on three-way , but since Hanna didn 't know Madison 's last name , the nurses couldn 't give them any information .
tr	O	She 'd told his brothers to have faith in him , but she hadn 't .
tr	I	She wept again and the tender shook her head .
tr	I	I saw its red eyes narrow the tiniest bit , but the wolf lowered its head .
tr	I	She doesn 't hear me , but I ask .
tr	O	I shook my head but it didn 't go away .
tr	I	Already she had begun to feel that strange heat , and his smile was brilliantly white against his tawny skin .
tr	I	Linc 's troubles seemed to disappear and all she had to do was smile .
tr	O	Will was first on snare , and the new drum captain .
tr	I	Avoiding the way they had taken , but he glanced around before leading them back in the direction of the house .
tr	I	He 'd had enough caffeine for one day , but after being amped up on adrenaline for so many hours , he was hitting the skids .
tr	O	She was staring down at Vic , and I saw her face .
tr	I	If Silken wasn 't exaggerating then it seemed there was not much of that to be had here and Max placed a high value on integrity .
tr	I	I grabbed it and the energy bar finally fell down .
tr	I	He suspected that there may not ever be another , and she was the only adult that Aidan respected unconditionally .
tr	O	My skin was tightening and I needed to change .
tr	I	For the moment , I felt fairly secure and Isaac had set up a bomber anchor system .
tr	I	God is God , and Evil is evil .
tr	I	Some who wanted me dead could fly , and I had a bodyguards for a reason .
tr	I	She shivered against Ethan 's chest , and Julie was reminded of the men who had forced their evil between her unwilling legs .
tr	I	It smelled even worse and the Pit was ugly .
tr	I	Our prey are not prepared for it , and our manic speed is uncharacteristic of the Dead .
tr	I	There were no free seats available , but he looked around .
tr	I	While you might view this as some insane environmentalist metaphor , it is in fact a very sad truth , and excessive harvesting lead to their demise .
tr	I	It would be impolite to eavesdrop , but Amira could hear them speaking in low tones .
tr	O	Kaspar passed by and his eyes snapped to meet mine .
tr	O	His face was still mere inches from mine and I wondered how his breath could be so sweet after just waking up .
tr	I	Susan almost fainted from the unexpected shock of seeing Fitzwilliam after all these years , and he said .
tr	O	The five of us headed down to a pizza place on Indianapolis Ave. , and my stomach was growling something fierce .
tr	O	Trevor asks and I don 't even tell him .
tr	O	I knew it was hopeless , but I tried firing up the communication array .
tr	I	Then set out again and we refined our strategy .
tr	O	His wound was still there , but it was no longer deadly .
tr	O	Angelina saw a large smile form on his mouth and she eased up on the straining to get away .
tr	O	Her thoughts turned inward but she spoke them aloud .
tr	I	I shook my head and he winked at me .
tr	I	She grimaced and she sighed , shaking her head tiredly .
tr	I	She couldn 't restrain herself , but perhaps that was too blunt .
tr	O	She thought she had been prepared , but in truth , she was terrified .
tr	O	Being a Wednesday , and early afternoon , the lines were pretty decent .
tr	O	He didn 't move , but he suddenly seemed closer .
tr	I	It was so thick it stood straight up on his head and he had it short .
tr	O	She chewed on her sandwich then opened her mouth to speak but she closed it again as she tried to arrange her thoughts .
tr	O	He was trapped , and he 'd been trapped ever since his dad had died six years ago .
tr	I	Tam doesn 't think I did , but I understood him .
tr	I	I reveled in the way we stuck together , and his skin was still damp from the rain .
tr	O	He wasn 't right for them , and they weren 't right for him .
tr	I	The man wasn 't stepping forward , but Sweat covered him .
tr	O	She definitely had the entire school board fooled , and I seemed to be the only person in Black Gold who disliked her .
tr	O	His body still heaved with bitten back sobs , but they were less frequent .
tr	I	Their swirl slowed to a less dizzying rate but the colors that dazzled the room remained as bright .
tr	O	Henry pressed his lips to Persephone 's cheek tenderly , and as Persephone kissed back , a wave of nausea swept over me .
tr	O	Yes , spring was almost over and summer was just around the corner .
tr	I	This was far , far worse , but he had thought he knew evil intimately in the centuries of hunting of the vampire .
tr	I	While wisps of steam vaporized into the surrounding air , and marshmallows had melted into a layer of white foam .
tr	I	Before reaching ten there was a low rumble in the distance and I started to count .
tr	O	For years it had been a frightening label , implying ownership , but with Justin , it was beginning to mean something different .
tr	O	She handed Matt the bill and he immediately gave her cash .
tr	O	Celeste stood , but Dorian remained seated .
tr	O	The brothers pretend not to notice , but they pause each time I pull my hand out of the water .
tr	I	That was enough to put a spring in my step as I exited the classroom , and now I got to see Sawyer .
tr	I	She wrapped her arms around him , not objecting as he trained his aim on Skyler , and she let Morgan pull her to his side .
tr	I	She opened her mouth under mine , allowing me a taste without my even asking , and her hands went instantly to my hair .
tr	I	He wasn 't going near them to find out , and he didn 't know if they would harm him .
tr	O	Her mothers ' tears had now dried up and they were both waiting for Tammy 's reaction .
tr	O	He 'd agreed to check out the town , but that had been a mistake he regretted heartily .
tr	O	I will proceed without concern for consequences , and you will act with an eye toward propriety .
tr	I	They were grim occasions , purely dutiful , but we met up at a few Sunday lunches at home .
tr	I	She killed my husband , but yes , I killed a woman .
tr	I	They didn 't do him justice , but she had seen photos of him .
tr	I	She radiated a strange , hungry sense of anticipation and her movements were too quick at times .
tr	I	Now she may have cost him his life , and she had been too selfish to set him free .
tr	I	His cheekbones nearly poked through his skin , and his skin was gray .
tr	I	He was very glad to hear from me and I called him after the weekend with Tim .
tr	O	The demons hissed at the sight of it , but none of them backed away .
tr	O	Today it was extremely bright outside , and of course , it was hot .
tr	I	He made no such promise to Roar now , but Perry had told Aria that he 'd return .
tr	O	When they 'd first met he 'd been a rookie and he 'd learned a lot by watching her in action .
tr	O	The human being was as magnificent as it was horrible , and the creatures were no different .
tr	I	I would miss him when he decided to retire for real , and the man did everything with precision , without fuss .
tr	I	I wished I could glue it there , permanently and Heat pooled into the skin where his hand rested .
tr	I	I could sense the difference in her , and she was worried about me .
tr	I	We left the room and Nick pushed me forward .
tr	O	He stills on his pillow , and his breathing slows down again .
tr	O	My fumbling fingers slip on the handle , but I manage to wrench open the door .
tr	I	I was just as mad at myself , but I was mad at him , mad as hell even .
tr	I	I just suddenly knew that I could do it , but it was a type of personal glamour that I had never tried before .
tr	O	A tight , bitter laugh escaped Jax 's lips , and he stared back down at the dark iPad screen .
tr	I	You ignore me and I call you dozens of times .
tr	O	Haley quickly nodded and Alex turned back to her .
tr	O	The consort came to me and he asked me if I would give up all that I was to save them .
tr	I	She never talks about it , but I always thought something happened .
tr	I	Billy backhanded me across the face , and I started to go after Nic .
tr	I	I can understand him and he can understand me .
tr	I	Her makeup is caked on and her highlighted hair is fluffed up like a poodle .
tr	I	I didn 't want to just sit there but I felt a nervous sting run up my spine .
tr	I	That 's only natural , I suppose , but she gets very bad-tempered sometimes .
tr	O	I didn 't want to pry , but I had to know .
tr	O	It was a great distance , at least fifty yards , but his arrow flew further than he would have imagined possible .
tr	I	We have some members still stationed in Aria , but the majority of us live at the base .
tr	O	Claire resisted the urge to say , Yes , Founder , and silently -- in defeat -- followed her to the limousine .
tr	O	It 's not in the duffel bag , and we need it in the west wing .
tr	O	We 've never met , but I knew your son .
tr	I	He shoved those flames right at Ryder 's chest , and he leapt forward , his hand full of flames .
tr	O	He was some kind of expert in fuel technology , but he 's dead now .
tr	I	His eyes were on Allison when he did so , but Seth toasted Matt with what was left of his beer .
tr	I	Her expression was unreadable , but I waited for her to say something .
tr	O	He swung it down through the air once , experimentally , and it was all he could do to keep a hold .
tr	O	Claire 's lips left mine at the intrusion and I was ready to destroy the two idiots who were on their way .
tr	I	I spend hours describing the planet and she is very curious about Aurora .
tr	O	He remembered the overstuffed turkey for show , cooked by the maid , and the Christmas presents his parents never stayed around to watch them open .
tr	I	Even the king of cynicism was blown away , and I looked at Stoneman .
tr	I	I was glad he had my hand , and the rain was pouring down in sheets .
tr	O	It was late afternoon and the sun still shone .
tr	I	Carolyn hadn 't prepared it in years and the recipe had been her mother 's .
tr	O	He never quit , and his honesty in the circle was dead-on .
tr	I	This was different , but I 'd seen dead people , of course .
tr	I	He held a blue folder in his hands and his briefcase lay at his feet .
tr	I	I plan to tell you everything , and this will be a long conversation .
tr	I	Now that she was in her bed , he would have to tell her , and she didn 't , though .
tr	I	She managed , barely , to restrain herself , but she deeply appreciated the offer .
tr	O	Take my hand , and I promise enough peace for you until these things might be dealt with .
tr	O	Realization dawned on his face and he smiled .
tr	I	To take in a deep breath of the fresh smelling air , but Sandra couldn 't help herself .
tr	I	She didn 't speak until they were outside , but Danni smiled at him .
tr	I	He had never sold it , but eventually it had stopped working .
tr	O	Scared stiff , too , of course , but I tried not to think about that part .
tr	I	I jolted off him , stumbling a little over the debris on the ground and Embarrassment flooded my cheeks .
tr	O	' Rapid Robert ' drove a new red Jeep from the car lot , and again I foolishly hopped in .
tr	I	Her closeness was overwhelming , and her musky perfume filled my head .
tr	O	She was the wolf and I was the cornered bunny .
tr	I	The pain wasn 't too unbearable and the cut wasn 't that bad .
tr	I	That was all right , but the crowd seemed a bit less enthusiastic at the prospect of a gloriously repetitive eternity .
tr	O	Specter 's lips peeled back , revealing his teeth , but he made no sound .
tr	I	She shook her head and she could hear the concern in his voice .
tr	I	Me has brushed my hair but it 's been a really long time since anyone .
tr	I	He wasn 't losing her again and he 'd just gotten her back .
tr	O	We usher out the tourists , we flip the closed sign and we jump into the golf cart , flying toward the house .
tr	O	She turned north , and they increased .
tr	I	He promised to do it anyway , but he didn 't understand why I was asking .
tr	I	His lower lip , still stained with a man 's blood , wobbled , and his voice trembled .
tr	O	I wished there was something I could do to protect them , but I didn 't have a clue as to what it would be .
tr	I	She was trying to distract Larissa from anymore comments about her beloved aunt and she knew I was having a hard time .
tr	O	She waited for some kind of conviction , but she couldn 't hear a response .
tr	I	Then ultimately end up feeling bad for it , and I say rather rudely .
tr	O	They all sat silently for a moment , and Jacy could hear people speaking out in the hall .
tr	O	A few minutes had passed and the beams of lightning subsided .
tr	O	My hands anchored to my hips , and I leaned my face into his .
tr	O	He didn 't appear to have been stabbed , and I hadn 't heard any gunshots ring out .
tr	I	I 'd been cooking for nearly thirty years , but no , I can 't taste it anymore .
tr	O	Smiles of relief crossed the faces of all three companions , and any lingering tension in the air was released almost audibly .
tr	I	That didn 't work either , and after a year they tried IVF .
tr	O	Someone cleared her throat , and Liza forced her attention from the decor to the women .
tr	I	An image popped onto the screen , and his fingers danced across the tablet .
tr	O	She listed it off and he dialed .
tr	O	It 's been probably a day since he 's shaved and his face is covered in dark stubble .
tr	O	She managed to move the stones , but the roots stayed .
tr	O	We 'd have a dinner party and he 'd yell at me about how I prepared the dessert .
tr	O	She was going through some strange stuff and if she wasn 't sadomasochistic , then she had a great problem .
tr	I	He gave his sister another noncommittal answer , and Steve 's frown deepened .
tr	I	I wanted them glued to the door , but it was nice of them .
tr	O	Moses raised an eyebrow but she didn 't insist .
tr	O	She detected the sound of water running in the sink and yet , she failed to hear anyone enter her home .
tr	O	The kid was good at heart , but she was just so damned young .
tr	I	Darcy didn 't even bother asking what was on the menu for the morning and they chatted amiably as they worked .
tr	O	She ran her fingers across my mark , and a wave of heat flashed over me .
tr	I	I spotted the Harley a little farther down the road , and he was holding a motorcycle helmet under his arm .
tr	I	I kiss her on the cheek and she makes a surprised little noise .
tr	O	He wasn 't afraid of the lepers at all , but he thought it wise to avoid them as well .
tr	I	He giggled like a child and they landed on his head .
tr	O	I knew it was his form of showing ownership , and any other night I would have shoved it off .
tr	I	It makes me fidget and he 's staring at me uncomfortably .
tr	I	He puts it back , but Sean 's smirk falters .
tr	I	Like a match , with repeated striking she managed to get a tiny white flame , but it was almost depleted .
tr	O	Adam was suddenly profoundly aware that Noah was a dead thing and he was not .
tr	I	Coins shot up , taking the men almost as quickly as they made the attempt , but soldiers moved to pull them off .
tr	I	We die together and we live in this new world together .
tr	O	My head spun and my stomach rolled .
tr	O	His lithe movements made her uneasy and she dropped her hand to her side , her breath coming in ragged bursts .
tr	I	Tomorrow morning we head back to meet with the witch , and I am tired , for it is near midnight .
tr	O	The trees were green , but a few still blossomed .
tr	O	Once alone in that room , I had my chance , and I didn 't let it slip .
tr	I	I 'll send you half of our men , and when you find it , let me know .
tr	I	She looks kind of sad , and she 's not laughing anymore .
tr	O	John laughed and his escorts grinned .
tr	O	The Shadow Agents didn 't let innocents die , and he wasn 't about to let the killer escape from Rio .
tr	O	The smile slipped off his face , and he glanced away .
tr	O	Typically it didn 't bother him to find out what he wanted to know regardless , but with her it was different .
tr	O	The hail beat against the windows and the thunder broke the heavens again .
tr	I	I can 't touch my cheeks to be sure , but it feels like I 'm crying .
tr	I	Jason thought he was probably sad , too , but he was obviously angry about it .
tr	O	I smiled in my head too and he pulled my sleeve .
tr	I	Jason knew something had set him off and one look at his uncle .
tr	I	I 've got some doubts about that , but I could probably call that pure luck .
tr	I	Things smelled very fishy to me , but it might have been a coincidence .
tr	I	This in itself was maddening , and she was proving to be quite patient .
tr	I	I repeat what I said and she releases her hold .
tr	I	They just ignore you , and you do your best for people .
tr	I	I don 't think I can mix the two , and Maryanne knows the other me , not this one .
tr	O	I blinked and tears formed .
tr	I	I 'm not really ashamed of how I lived , and I 'm not making any excuses .
tr	O	Her cheeks turn a little pink and it 's the most adorable thing I 've ever seen .
tr	O	It was to look random , as if some were staying and some were going .
tr	I	He didn 't even have a safety rope , and it was too high , too dangerous .
tr	I	I had cause to do so and I told you I was suspecting a conspiracy .
tr	I	James climbed in , and Lucas opened the car .
tr	I	I never wanted him to stop and it felt amazing .
tr	I	They were still human enough , but physically , they weren 't an ideal representation of humanity .
tr	I	I installed a new one and the other one quit on me a couple of years ago .
tr	I	He didn 't look frightened anymore , but his eyes were still wide .
tr	O	A chamber ensemble began playing from his caster , and he waited , helpless to do anything else .
tr	O	Lacing me up took nearly twenty minutes , and that was without a corset .
tr	I	He had just carried them out in front of her , but his actions had been bad enough .
tr	O	We took off his clothes and I did the same .
tr	O	Sure , chances were slim , but they were there .
tr	I	There were no apprehensive intuitions , but perhaps the sight was too miraculous to be questioned .
tr	I	She couldn 't discern any place on the door the disk fit , but the disk , Iona saw , had a Celtic knot design on it .
tr	O	You are my daughter , and you answer to me .
tr	I	You 'll end up losing most of it and try to take in too much .
tr	I	She had come to Portland when she was 12 but she was originally from Guatemala .
tr	I	Flung them across the snow and she released his arm as she lifted her hands .
tr	O	One peek would tell her whose picture it was , and her curiosity would be satisfied .
tr	I	Demons didn 't but Josh 's thoughts fluttered off , as it often did , to wondering why angels looked similar .
tr	O	He could hear the interest in her voice in spite of herself , and he smiled .
tr	I	They still lived in the house , but they hadn 't been paid since before the plague .
tr	I	It looked like all the others and it was on my left .
tr	I	I couldn 't give that to him , and he deserved the happiness he gave me .
tr	I	Burnett would know it was her and she knew it would sound the alarm .
tr	O	The guard fell against the others and all of them lost their aim before Gaia disappeared into decorative topiary .
tr	I	She glanced excitedly at his father , and his mother 's eyes grew huge .
tr	O	I tried to tell Dave about Gloria , but he wasn 't keen on making conversation .
tr	I	Amanda stopped him , but he started to leave .
tr	I	I am very excited and when you are around my heart keeps pounding so fast .
tr	O	She had worked closely with the owner , and they had come up with a brilliant plan .
tr	I	When she compressed herself to do so , her small size was only too painfully evident and she seated herself between the electrodes .
tr	I	They weren 't tied by blood , but they were tied by the bonds of military brotherhood .
tr	I	She had been through so much lately and his arms were strong .
tr	O	The door to the house opened and Dome came out , a few of his crew scattering out behind him like a bunch of ants .
tr	I	They had already come a long way , and it was not many hours before dark .
tr	O	He let go and I turned around .
tr	O	One was the queen , and the other is the - ' ' Don 't say it , ' I said , eyeing my mother .
tr	I	Jared had just begun to look it over , but I couldn 't argue .
tr	I	The earth as all knew it would be a whole new place entirely and he would be free .
tr	O	I 'm sorry , but it 's over .
tr	O	I think there 's a lot of steps to go through , but Osborn actually admitted it .
tr	O	You have only to remember to put your loved one first and your own desires second .
tr	I	I saw a huge wolf lunge at Kayla and we were here .
tr	O	Some of the singers were pretty good and others were booed off the stage .
tr	O	I tried to summon my earlier courage , but it had deserted me for the moment .
tr	I	He could rid himself of the suffering for a moment at the least and surely it wasn 't worth the self-denial .
tr	I	I 'm not getting reception on any channel , but the tests show the radio is working fine .
tr	I	Those bushy eyebrows crashed down and the man 's head snapped up .
tr	I	She needed to figure out what the vision meant without an audience , but at least she thought she was .
tr	I	I had to take a deep breath and panic laced with disbelief tightened my chest .
tr	I	I didn 't , but maybe I should have said that I loved her .
tr	O	I had no clue what time it was , and the light from the fridge made me blink .
tr	I	I casually interrupt him , but he starts to open his mouth .
tr	I	The evidence looks very suspicious , but we can 't even be sure that is what happened to you .
tr	O	Well , I suppose that 's fair enough , but something about it just doesn 't feel right .
tr	I	My eyes went wide , and I took my gaze away from his face long enough to glance down at the grass beneath me .
tr	I	They were just waiting for the right moment to strike , and they had known about the Movement for a while now .
tr	O	I 'd been imagining my funeral for months , but now that it was here , I wasn 't so sure .
tr	O	I had to leave school in Athens , and my parents had to go into hiding .
tr	O	He scanned the coast line on either side of the car , but nothing was visible .
tr	O	Tori is trying to walk , but one of her legs drags behind her , useless .
tr	O	Sam sat back in her chair as she tried to accept that , and then glanced at him sharply as a question suddenly occurred to her .
tr	I	I could feel my inside bruising and he rattled me around like a bag of apples .
tr	O	She 'll be asleep most of the time anyway and Kacey will be at work with you , right ?
tr	O	He could have mentioned a midmorning meeting the day before , but he didn 't .
tr	I	At least it wasn 't on my back , but I certainly had a lot of exposed skin .
tr	I	It wouldn 't be boring old Crouch End you 'd finish up in , either , and you could go far , too .
tr	I	She adored the holiday , the cheer , the parties and snowflakes told her Christmas was around the corner .
tr	I	That was odd , and not since I 'd come out of the Elixir high .
tr	I	He was shielding it with his hand and soon Reuben 's small candle was lighted .
tr	O	The air is crisp and the newly falling snowflakes swirl around me like a hug from an old friend , welcoming me home .
tr	O	Then a push became a shove , and a fist struck a nose .
tr	O	His eyes grew intense and his grip tightened around her body .
tr	O	The cinnamon candle I chose was one of my favorites , and I lit it while waiting for the tub to fill up .
tr	O	The ground beneath us vanished , and once again we fell through time .
tr	I	She tightened her hold on his hand , and her mind went blank then , for a moment .
tr	I	You passed muster and Mr. Noble , it all fits .
tr	O	Anna stared down this row and instead of narrow shelves it was lined with statues like this one .
tr	O	They are seeing your worst fears , your hopes , your biggest mistakes , and they are preparing to use all of them against you .
tr	O	There 's much more than that , but for those of us who can , we help .
tr	I	I had no idea if they were actually after me , and I had no idea who the killer was .
tr	I	She was grateful , but she should have been embarrassed that he could read her mind , read her every erotic thought .
tr	O	His eyes glowed bright red , his fangs completely extended , but she got the feeling his reaction came from her injury .
tr	I	It stayed with her for the rest of the week , and Angelina awoke the following morning full of energy .
tr	O	Pulling the iron back through the wound was the worse pain ; but I can hardly believe now how little I felt it .
tr	O	That word was no , and I had never successfully used it on her before .
tr	I	He was gone , and I only wanted one thing .
tr	I	I watched as the corner of his mouth turned up , silently acknowledging that he was pleased with my ardor and Jack caught my gaze .
tr	O	He answered the phone on the first ring , and I was glad that he was always available .
tr	O	I do find it strange she would break into a hospital storage room and I look upon this act with a degree of suspicion .
tr	O	My phone rang in the other room , but my hair was full of shampoo suds .
tr	O	He held the knife out in a defensive position , and she fleetingly wondered if knives did anything to vampires .
tr	O	She was barely able to get his name out , but she had to tell him .
tr	I	I shut you down , and one sign of any medical crisis .
tr	I	It pushed me back , and I used my demon magic to prod it .
tr	O	A bed sat in the center , and he traced to the foot to glance down .
tr	O	Strangely I expected pain , but there wasn 't any at all .
tr	O	Charley was right , but it infuriated me .
tr	I	There isn 't anything we can do about it , but it worries me .
tr	I	Gabe consults his map again , and we stop .
tr	O	It took Chris another moment to figure it out , but that was becoming a pattern with this guy anyway .
tr	O	I know I work in a Medical Examiner 's office , but these places are always a little spooky .
tr	I	Charlie spoke up , and she shook her head .
tr	I	Lawson walked into me and Monty 's arm tightened .
tr	I	He was pushing me away and only a few days ago my biggest problem was that Mom didn 't like Stryker .
tr	I	Nicolae acknowledged the enemy was a dangerous adversary , and it was a smart move .
tr	I	She 'd caught him off guard but okay , so that was corny .
tr	I	The general movements were all the same , but he may have looked sexier doing it .
tr	O	I had seen many many things in my long life , but I had never seen a vampire cry over their kill .
tr	O	We weren 't there long , but it was more than enough .
tr	I	The crowd took up positions to hear the customary speech and the general murmuring died down .
tr	I	There are no racquets -- just hands with gloves , but the game is played with the same rules as racquetball .
tr	I	He could do whatever he wanted , and nobody was there to interrupt them .
tr	I	We gathered round and Roach took the hot seat .
tr	I	Josie wore that bruise because of me , but I might not have directly caused it .
tr	O	Timberlake 's rejection had stung him and he found this surprising .
tr	O	They landed with a thud , and half the cafeteria looked at us .
tr	O	Kylie felt a familiar chill slide past her , slowly , and she knew they had company .
tr	O	She had never dropped into Home Cookin between mealtimes before , and she 'd never set foot in the double-wide trailer set up behind the restaurant .
tr	O	Mark beat her to the punch , and Alex looked relieved to see her .
tr	I	My senses captivated the room and I trailed in behind her .
tr	O	His eyes clouded over and he took my hand .
tr	I	One is flickering orange , but most are green .
tr	I	I couldn 't extinguish it all , as much as I tried , but the exhaustion from the run had helped ease most of the fire .
tr	I	Everything in his expression said he wasn 't happy , but his eyes weren 't glowing , so it wasn 't about danger .
tr	I	I hurried over to another , and my pulse raced .
tr	O	The spider struck the side of a small sports car hard enough to make it rock on its springs , and then it was gone .
tr	O	To everyone in the class it probably looked as if he just lost his balance , but I knew better .
tr	O	Gray reached to his side , and his fingers came back bloody .
tr	O	I 'm practically bursting at the seams wanting to tell her my good news , and she 's not answering .
tr	O	I shudder , and all I can see is the guard 's hand , motioning me forward .
tr	O	The mere sight of him made my heart beat in double time , and I resisted the urge to wake him for round two .
tr	O	They quickly adjusted the brace , and he lay back down again .
tr	I	I will let you come home to stay and help me finish this job .
tr	I	He jumped to his feet , scrambling toward the door and something brushed his leg .
tr	I	Tears continued to cascade down my face , and I closed my eyes .
tr	O	We knew then that something had happened to it , but nobody knew what it was .
tr	I	You can 't do that if you are straining yourself and you need to heal .
tr	I	I turn around and the door releases .
tr	O	Both men needed one point to score and both men were the aggressors who charged .
tr	I	He wondered if he was doing the right thing sticking with Brenda , and he still felt sick about his friends .
tr	O	Her name was Samantha but they called her Sammy .
tr	O	I don 't know how , but he did .
tr	I	He took even more than that , and he raped her .
tr	I	I opened my eyes slowly , and Lucky 's voice sounded worried .
tr	I	Most of the names on there were people in our organization and our Movement found out the particulars of the mission list .
tr	O	It 's still dark out , but the fire casts enough glow .
tr	I	It 's not uncomfortable , but he pauses for moment .
tr	O	Normally , she would consider eight late , but she had trouble sleeping the night before .
tr	I	He pulled in a deep breath , and Paul 's jaw tightened in frustration .
tr	O	We 'd eat chilled fruit my kitchen boy brought us , and we 'd listen as the nightingales sang as if their hearts were breaking .
tr	I	It was possible to see from their depth that the walls were at least a foot thick , and there was no glass in them .
tr	I	Sultry it rumbled in her chest and wow , his voice was so deep .
tr	I	Everyone wanted to celebrate , but there was only one thing that would make this night better .
tr	O	He moved through the shadows , sliding a few feet behind a guard on watch , and he slipped down an empty alleyway .
tr	I	Caine had cleared away their dishes and all too swiftly they were finished with the waffles .
tr	I	He watched the high legate with some amusement but Yale turned to face the Caesar .
tr	O	Hopefully the rain wouldn 't last long and they could leave as soon as possible .
tr	I	A Hak ' i entered and a door on the other side of the arena opened .
tr	O	He hadn 't seen any food on her lips and he would know , since he 'd been staring at them .
tr	O	He jerked a nod at it , and at last she revealed full , creamy flesh for him .
tr	O	He had been worried that she would not forgive him , and instead she was pleading for his forgiveness .
tr	I	I heard the bolt of the lock snap into place , and they left the room , closing the door behind them .
tr	O	They will have some of my powers C not all C and they 'll be able to live by day .
tr	O	Only one of them ever left the motel at a time and they ate in most of the time .
tr	O	Her hands went up to his chest , and she tried to push him away .
tr	I	He 's dropping off a package and I can 't think of anyone who would be here this early , unless it 's the postman .
tr	I	Then I was proved wrong , but I thought that we were .
tr	O	I could feel all of my blood vessels constrict and my blood was rushing furiously all over my face .
tr	O	He seemed so smug , and he was so infuriating .
tr	O	Eric had gripped my shoulders , and the pressure was excruciating .
tr	I	I had the chance to be me , to become who I wanted , and my entire life before you fell away .
tr	I	Greg decided the boy was definitely still in there and a sudden dangerous fury was in his eyes .
tr	O	He always hit deep inside of me , but in this position , it was even more so .
tr	O	We pulled into the parking lot , and as we walked toward the school , Michael looked thoughtful .
tr	I	I can 't get anything out of my dad and Ashton 's staying at my parents ' right now .
tr	I	She knew if she didn 't Roxy would worry , but Willow really didn 't want to call her sister .
tr	I	Then she brightens , and she seems to ponder this .
tr	O	The babies were remarkably well behaved , and he wished he had a baby .
tr	I	Instead he looked exalted , but she had expected him to be horrified .
tr	O	None of them looked convinced , but they didn 't argue .
tr	I	I pushed him , and my mouth twisted .
tr	I	They had no other choice , but of course , there was no guarantee that such a path would lead to freedom .
tr	I	Friend had not been paired with friend and husbands had not been paired with wives .
tr	I	He began to squeeze and very slowly his finger found the trigger .
tr	I	He shrugged but Amanda shot Brad a concerned look .
tr	O	Her sister had done a video on YouTube outlining her many , many flaws , yet she was the one who had the job .
tr	I	It wouldn 't take much more to set him off tonight , but very few people had a clue about Ryan 's hidden edges .
tr	I	He was asleep before he knew it and his body was still on ship time .
tr	O	His head dug in deeper into the nape of my neck , and he sobbed , crying out for me not to leave .
tr	I	She dared a glance up into his eyes and his hand held her easily in place .
tr	I	Frank put the vehicle into reverse and the truck churned to life .
tr	I	His lips compressed and his pupils expanded .
tr	I	Trisha waved and I glanced back at the table .
tr	O	The cluttered cubicle walls hung low , but still she could see only a handful of heads at their desks .
tr	O	We could easily have traveled straight to the ballroom , and no one would have noticed our sudden appearance .
tr	I	Olivia was terrified , but she wanted to .
tr	I	Then she realized that her mouth was closed , but at first she believed it was her own .
tr	I	He was still having trouble feeling close to her , but he loved Kelly .
tr	O	Nine doesn 't look too thrilled about being left out of the mission , but he grunts his approval .
tr	O	Raven would eventually find Gwen and they 'd be back to where they were right now .
tr	I	It was just time to eat or in the past I have always eaten because there was nothing else to do .
tr	I	When he put his foot on it in experimentation , he sank to his ankle , and it looked like a spongy marsh .
tr	O	We planned on sleeping in the tent that night but it didn 't happen .
tr	O	He couldn 't see into the attic from this vantage point , and his myriad powers didn 't involve X-ray vision .
tr	I	Celaena 's nose crinkled as she turned the pages , and it reeked , almost like soil .
tr	I	She pressed her advantage , and Neil nodded in agreement .
tr	O	I understand why we had to do it , but understanding a situation doesn 't always make it easier .
tr	O	Normally Sam skirted this question , but she decided to tell him the truth .
tr	O	We threw Little Joe into service and he lasted six days , nine hours , one second .
tr	O	A rowdy guest at another table had knocked a water glass to the ground and Fila nearly jolted out of her chair at the unexpected noise .
tr	I	I regretted bringing it up , and Tension gripped his big frame .
tr	I	He instantly backed down and his wife glared his way .
tr	O	Her back is towards me and she 's wearing a new blue swimsuit instead of the black one .
tr	O	He knowed it was just a bunch of young ' uns aggravating him , but we didn 't know he knowed .
tr	I	In the confusion , the rest of them were in a panic , and then the then leader was killed in a failed robbery attempt .
tr	O	His skin was pale with blotches around his eyes , and he reeked of urine .
tr	I	She trotted toward him , and Jason waved at Rachel .
tr	O	It was clean now but his sight remained lost .
tr	O	Up until six months ago she 'd been engaged to her high school sweetheart , Tom Granger , but he 'd broken it off at Christmas .
tr	O	Nervous energy radiated from her and he waited for the gesture he associated with Carly .
tr	O	It 's this underground club , and I mean really underground .
tr	I	Instead it was the voice of a worried woman , but it wasn 't the voices coming from the door .
tr	O	We 've had the agent under interrogation for forty-eight hours and I don 't think he knows anything .
tr	O	The recall was disturbing him , and he was having difficulty not showing it .
tr	O	Suzy rebelled from early on , and they clashed at every turn .
tr	I	He 's in emergency surgery at the UCLA Medical Center , but I don 't know what they found .
tr	O	Kir pushed the door , and it opened easily .
tr	I	You , I 'll never get tired of you , but usually I get tired of a girl after a few days .
tr	O	He sticks out his hand and I take it , nodding .
tr	I	He couldn 't be sure , but he thought someone was going through his pockets .
tr	O	He wouldn 't break that rule , but he had thought about firing her .
tr	O	He was stern but trying hard to be gentle .
tr	I	Charlie will be free to join her for dinner , and after that it will curl up for a nap .
tr	I	I winced as the light hit me , and my head hurt , likely from lying down for twelve hours .
tr	I	It was next to the Detention Centre , but the Grosvenor was just an Enforce station .
tr	O	The Steward 's chariot failed him and his spirit fled while his body bled out on the track .
tr	O	She had known more than a few in passing , but he had details of her life that only a handful of people could possibly have known .
tr	I	It did , but I really didn 't think that would work twice .
tr	O	I knew that Derek 's parents were loaded , but I hadn 't been expecting this .
tr	O	She was wrapped in light and she smiled warmly .
tr	O	Madeline ducked under his arm , intending to sprint for the hatch , but she skidded to a halt at the sight of the overcrowded galley .
tr	I	It looked like some of the kids were pelting another kid with snowballs , but I couldn 't see very well in the dusk .
tr	I	They ducked inside and he pointed to their right .
tr	I	It hadn 't been quite enough , but the deer blood had taken the edge off his hunger .
tr	O	We struck a deal and I hopped on board .
tr	I	It flew away and Miss Peregrine nudged the bird with her beak .
tr	O	It was a valid theory and she was sticking to it .
tr	O	His scorching stare was aimed at me and he didn 't seem the least bit sorry for crashing into me .
tr	I	No one was there , and it was the middle of the night .
tr	O	Sometimes they 're abandoned and there 's food .
tr	O	It took several deep breaths before he realised the movement had stopped and he was still safe inside the hangar .
tr	I	She politely declined leaving the room when I headed out to get food , but I didn 't know .
tr	O	Then it occurred to her that they might shut her up in horrific ways , and her courage failed .
tr	I	It became more efficient to convert to electricity but an additional tidbit here , our city was once powered by diesel fuel years ago .
tr	I	I tried to calm down , lest my breathing give us away , and my heart was pounding .
tr	I	David answered me anyway , but it wasn 't a question .
tr	I	Our breathing grew stilted and when he slid a hand between my legs , the laughter disappeared .
tr	O	The dark feelings drop away , and she 's Annabel Lee again .
tr	I	He was going to be spinning for a while or she had to tell him something .
tr	I	No one complains , but he 's certain the others feel the same weakness .
tr	I	She refused to look to read the words , but the blood continued to spatter on her feet .
tr	I	Ken kept his suggestions simple and Bradford was an eager listener .
tr	O	He was locked in for the evening and Zack was watching a film with him .
tr	O	Because you 're either gon na be on your way to meet the God you just got through damning , or this war is going be over .
tr	O	He watched his father struggling to pull his claw from the cave floor , but he couldn 't do it without tearing open the wound .
tr	I	None of this is funny , but he 's making jokes .
tr	I	I was determined to track down our prey , and we 'd been unsuccessful for nearly a week .
tr	O	The door opened and another salesmen entered .
tr	O	There had been bitter public quarrels between the two , but all the evidence against Helen was circumstantial .
tr	O	Artificially cool air tingled my skin , and the quiet hum of machines whispered all around .
tr	O	Fitch had quite a collection of medical records , but nothing so far that might turn a verdict .
tr	I	The weight on top of him was too much , but Nick pushed at the ground .
tr	I	Blood was seeping out of them , and there were three large rips in his back .
tr	I	It was thrilling to have it confirmed , and Norah had told her repeatedly what excellent progress their father was making .
tr	I	I didn 't care , and I wasn 't sure where we were going .
tr	I	It did , but it was stupid .
tr	O	My eyes darted to Este , catching my mistake but he only smiled .
tr	O	She started taking them for headaches , and she kept on taking them .
tr	O	He 's very angry , and he 's punishing me .
tr	O	She had Mikey as an afterlife companion , and that was enough for her .
tr	O	I had not expected the copper dragon to take this news with anything other than glee , but his features fell as I told him .
tr	I	When I snapped my head up , no one was there and Sophie was glancing at the corner .
tr	I	Sidra felt odd , wondering what kind of spy novel she 'd fallen into and he said something into his watch .
tr	O	He motions us to follow him and we don 't even go that far .
tr	O	Death Drive was stunned and he was not the only one .
tr	I	I managed to cradle it to my chest , but I was so surprised that I almost dropped the book .
tr	I	I sink onto my bed with a sigh of frustration , and the lights in my room come on as I enter .
tr	O	Immediately she lurched forward and only her hooked legs inside kept her from doing exactly as she had feared .
tr	O	I could feel my eyes welling up and my thoughts were all over the place .
tr	I	She didn 't say anything , but Daphne frowned again .
tr	I	Their clothes were far from appropriate for this weather and it was well into the fall months .
tr	I	His emotions have significant consequences , and he 's a TK 8 , a powerful telekinetic .
tr	I	The cool breeze blew across his face and the twilight was calm .
tr	O	His eyes were almost immediately back on the lamp he was standing next to , but I saw it .
tr	I	She saw now how painful that would have been , and for years she 'd prepared to be all alone when she got out of prison .
tr	I	I will not change it , and it has already been decided .
tr	I	The fight was on and without any announcement several more ducks swooped in from whereabouts unknown .
tr	I	She always would be , and Ainsley was worth far more than a damned horse .
tr	O	We could have arranged a more advanced craft , but they like to do things themselves .
tr	O	She frowned , no doubt conflicted over Adrian 's feelings and what she knew was true .
tr	I	I 've trusted you , but I may have only known you for a few weeks .
tr	I	Frankly , it seemed the best choice to let him lead her , and her head was fuzzy .
tr	I	I started to scream and Jack started to walk .
tr	I	It opened instantly and the African American touched the door panel to his car .
tr	O	I 've known that woman all my life and I still call her Mrs. Rutledge .
tr	O	Her expression is calm , yet her eyes carry interest .
tr	O	I knew that being in the public eye could be unbearable at times , but hopefully it was worth putting up with in order to be together .
tr	O	He looked perfectly normal in clothes and his presence caused no stir whatever .
tr	I	He was a good federal agent and he 'd been a good Marine .
tr	I	He woke and she put a hand on Stefan 's shoulder .
tr	O	There were many Marines he had worked with over the years that just didn 't have it and they couldn 't be trained .
tr	O	Jack had wasted no time returning to pick her up , and she was grateful for it .
tr	I	I followed , sliding down the dirt and Callum jumped in .
tr	O	Sometimes I seriously dislike the people that I work for and this would be one of those moments .
tr	I	We must change if we are to survive within it , and the truth is that the changing world has made its mark upon us at last .
tr	O	There was still one person who hadn 't made it over the log yet , and that person was Angus .
tr	I	Some ze blue waters , and some loved ze blue mountains .
tr	O	Lauren hadn 't been in the bedroom since last night and she wasn 't thrilled about going in there now .
tr	O	He was on vacation , but he 'd been ambushed ?
tr	I	Grayson didn 't need to know that , but she had no intention of letting any man benefit from the softness of her skin tonight .
tr	I	All had been smashed beyond repair in a matter of minutes as the demon overtook him and none of it had worked .
tr	I	I 'm almost high on it and Power streams through me .
tr	O	I was married once and now I 'm divorced .
tr	O	He moved in that bit closer , and his desire for her was without restraint .
tr	I	For one beautiful moment I thought I was dying , and the world darkened around the edges .
tr	I	His nostrils flared and his pupils dilated .
tr	I	The chill did not reach her core but she was cold .
tr	O	His labored breathing smoothed a little , but he did not open his eyes .
tr	O	The water had to be at least as deep as I was tall , and I couldn 't hold on much longer .
tr	O	The lights from an oncoming car illuminate us and I see the blood drain from his face .
tr	O	Rick had always been her idol and in the space of a few minutes he 'd tumbled from his pedestal .
tr	I	Given what we planned to do that evening , it must relate to having fun , and I suspected it had to do with sparking .
tr	O	His lips caress mine slowly , and my body sinks into him .
tr	I	She 'd blown every one , starting with the day his dad announced they were getting married , but he 'd given her plenty of chances .
tr	O	Another thrust , then one more , and they both spiraled out of control .
tr	I	There was nothing I could do to control where they went , but at first I had trouble making sense of them .
tr	O	A flash of admiration lit up his dark eyes briefly and Erica felt warmed by it .
tr	I	I did eventually choose a few good models , but there was a surprising selection of embroidery mesh .
tr	I	She was beaten , and she looked around the room , saw everyone 's expectation .
tr	O	There was a cracking sound and he howled out in pain .
tr	O	She laid the compress on my arm again , and though it hurt like hell , the pain didn 't spread .
tr	I	She got the job done , but as she rolled the condom on , her fingers shook .
tr	I	I lost myself to his grasping , groping fingers , and his every movement was wrought with passion .
tr	I	Her delivery was somewhat marred by the huge yawn that split her face , but her words were tart .
tr	O	Adam slammed the door , and then he slammed it again when the latch didn 't catch .
tr	I	I couldn 't do it , but I thought about bringing the shovel down on his head , smashing it into pulp .
tr	I	The bride came down the aisle on the arm of Thomas and the music struck up .
tr	O	The loss of her grandmother still would have hurt , but it would not have devastated her to this degree .
tr	I	They had to ensure that the sight remained under surveillance , but a big enough risk had been taken installing the camera .
tr	I	At least I had expected it , or I felt like I deserved that anyway .
tr	O	It has been impossible for me to see him in many years , but I believe you have .
tr	I	Something about his attitude had , but his expression hadn 't changed .
tr	I	He didn 't do that , but she tensed , waiting for the pants to be pushed down .
tr	O	He 's terrified of them , but he always forgets to zip his swag up properly .
tr	I	Vampires in that readiness are very , very scary , and they were both ready to fight in an instant .
tr	O	For a moment , I think I see her cheeks redden , but I dismiss it .
tr	I	Resnick gritted his teeth against the sting , and the knife bit farther into his neck .
tr	O	Ainsley 's marriage hadn 't been her choice either , but at least John Douglas had been a warm man .
tr	I	None of them ever did ask me out , but Boys have always said that I was pretty .
tr	O	He wanted her , and yet he 'd given her a choice on waiting to have sex .
tr	O	They had not yet even discussed a date , but just the initial announcement was received with joy .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure if it was long enough , but I was drained .
tr	I	It probably just meant that a superior officer has tasked the men with getting the girl by any means possible , but they were a rough group .
tr	O	From all accounts , he was a stern boss who expected the best from his workers , but he was a fair one too .
tr	I	With what seemed like little effort , the plank was resting in his capable hands , and his strong hands gripped the plank tightly .
tr	O	I 'm tempted to stop by your window tonight to see you , but I know you will tell me that 's a bad idea .
tr	I	My eyes meet his and my head snaps up .
tr	I	It was slightly larger , but the President held up an electronic device that looked like an Apple Iphone .
tr	O	I 've forgotten what it actually was , but I have faint , foetal memories of what it was like .
tr	O	Skylar Watkins was a new recruit , but Rachel didn 't know her well .
tr	I	For the first time , I saw the mascot , and he nodded .
tr	I	It was to her that I brought the promise of death , but it seemed hers was the only life I 'd ever valued .
tr	I	I 've got good contacts and you 've got good people .
tr	O	The fan was turned off , but I had another thought .
tr	O	I gazed at Chance , and his eyes were on me .
tr	I	I hold my breath and his face goes serious .
tr	O	Yes , he let her do it , but he paid a high price for that .
tr	I	I took a slow breath , and that I could deal with .
tr	I	Her make-up is heavy and her hair is up .
tr	I	Her mind kept picking up on just one word , but she listened closely .
tr	I	She was starting to feel tremendous pressure from Lea , but Valeria didn 't notice .
tr	O	He finished his run , and she undid the cart , giving him a quick kiss on his head .
tr	I	The flow was diminishing , and the summer had been drier than usual .
tr	O	His life was over , but he had no choice .
tr	I	Really , I can 't help it , but I know I shouldn 't be sarcastic .
tr	O	She blocked his intrusion , but it was too late .
tr	I	She kept the secret and she knew I was Breed .
tr	O	She continued to moan , and her legs shook beneath his .
tr	I	He had little faith in Brendan 's promises , and he 'd been raised by Council law as well .
tr	I	Pleasure shot through every nerve as his palm covered her breast , and then his hand moved around front .
tr	I	The feeling of evil nearly overwhelmed her , and as she sat down , her stomach lurched again .
tr	O	Light filtered from the far door , but not a soul was in sight .
tr	O	He would wait with her as long as he could , and then he would have to seek shelter from the sun .
tr	O	It was some kind of psi weapon , but it appeared extremely likely that only a Winters could access the full power of the artifact .
tr	I	I couldn 't put her in any risk by telling her my secret , but she was my best friend .
tr	I	You can still accomplish much good , and work with me .
tr	O	Another explosion had the ground trembling beneath his feet , but Noah didn 't stop .
tr	I	A serene smile touched her lips , and she had dark blond hair .
tr	I	She felt powerless , completely at his mercy and his eyes captured hers , held her captive .
tr	I	I saw his clear , blue eyes more closely than I ever dreamed I would and he handed my lunch to me .
tr	I	His face was worn and his eyes were red .
tr	O	I 've been coming here for the last few months , but anytime I get close to picking a guy , I chicken out .
tr	O	Jason 's mouth fell open again , and I had to cover my own so I wouldn 't laugh out loud .
tr	I	They 'll give you a leave of absence if you petition them , but the Council acts like it 'll never let anybody out of Hecate .
tr	O	Someone was sitting on her chest and she found it hard to breath .
tr	O	Jain did not entirely appreciate that , but she decided not to make an issue of it .
tr	I	It means so much , but it doesn 't last long , the hug .
tr	O	She had wished for a few more precious minutes alone with the handsome officer , but Antonietta had arrived nearly as soon as Helena summoned her .
tr	I	He stopped and he didn 't get far before a soldier pointed a machine gun at his stomach .
tr	I	He was pulling me into the casket with him as he had in my earlier dream and suddenly I was at Jim 's funeral again .
tr	O	The drought had made food scarce , and since it showed no sign of relenting , every morsel counted .
tr	I	She couldn 't deal with that right now , but she knew she had discovered something major here .
tr	I	Diego thought they were pretty smart , and animals tended to cuddle together for reassurance .
tr	O	A few minutes later they set out eastward and away from the direction the monster had fled .
tr	O	He rolled toward her and we screamed even louder .
tr	O	His voice rose and he looked suspicious .
tr	O	The atmosphere is dead silent and the front door is agape .
tr	O	She wept for Derek and she wept for Daniel .
tr	O	He hadn 't expected to see her again , but she 'd come back .
tr	O	He didn 't like this any more than Joseph , but he couldn 't give in .
tr	I	They knew nothing out of it and their life was within that circle .
tr	O	Lindy didn 't know what had gone wrong , but in the space of fifteen minutes her world had been badly shaken .
tr	I	It couldn 't be helped , but she hated flying in airplanes .
tr	O	I really felt their power and it reminded me of my father 's tales .
tr	I	I declined and I 'd gotten another taste of her intensity when she invited me to a premiere .
tr	I	It had to be done , but it was dull .
tr	I	He was wearing shorts , but his back was bare .
tr	O	The Jury had unanimously found him guilty and he had been hanged a week later .
tr	I	We don 't know what , but we expect Iran to do something soon .
tr	I	He wanted her always , and Eric wanted her now .
tr	I	She 'd brought death with her , and she 'd come here .
tr	O	Irritation knotted my stomach , and I blurted out something I really shouldn 't have .
tr	O	Anthony reaches for my head , but I knock his hand away .
tr	I	I smiled reluctantly , and his voice was full of humor .
tr	I	Oliver loved it , and Power was a seductive mistress .
tr	I	In the light from the orb , I could swear her teeth actually gleamed , and Alice smiled .
tr	O	He shoved his h * ps against her and she lost all conscious thought .
tr	O	As I set us up across from each other , I felt a tiny little pang of guilt , but I was determined to practice .
tr	O	My mouth feels dry and my heart is pounding against my ribs .
tr	O	It was the confusion that made me that way , and she only became more flustered .
tr	O	I glanced over my shoulder just in time to see Abigail and her friends realize the danger they were in .
tr	I	He let out a small laugh before he could cut it off , and for some reason the guy 's last sentence made something in Michael snap .
tr	I	Kino 's face peered through the gap and the door to the small bedroom I occupy opened .
tr	I	I think some of my pee actually got on her at one point , and each test my mother grabbed the stick from my hands .
tr	I	I liked to believe that we were crying over the same thing , but I didn 't know exactly what caused her tears .
tr	O	Max pulled me closer and we kissed as we climaxed together .
tr	O	He had a smile and his hands appeared calm .
tr	I	He gave a tense grin and dark eyes turned to him .
tr	I	She recalled that he didn 't seem too happy , but she wouldn 't know until she talked with him .
tr	I	He gave Eric a nod , but Diego 's face was hard .
tr	O	Her fury with Jason exploded , and her hand flew toward his face in outrage .
tr	I	The counter was behind me , but a shiver shook me , making me step back .
tr	O	Balthazar 's car was no four-wheel drive , but he kept it steady anyway .
tr	O	The sandwich wasn 't going down easy and Sara took a sip of lemonade to loosen it from her throat .
tr	O	It knocked the air out of my lungs and I didn 't even have time to scream .
tr	O	Liam put his hand to his mouth , but Clary realized he couldn 't see for himself .
tr	O	I heard an embarrassed cough in the distance , and I managed to suppress a smile .
tr	O	There was a gentle wind and it had felt distinctly cool - until they got into the car .
tr	I	Her jaw dropped and it was Julia 's turn to have Carter 's gaze on her face .
tr	O	She was everything he wanted , and he 'd been a blind fool not to realize it sooner .
tr	I	You seem to have grown past that okay , but I know there was a little problem there .
tr	O	My head was in a ball of confusion and I didn 't understand what was going on .
tr	O	I couldn 't see how big the caves were , but the echoes strongly suggested that they were vast .
tr	O	I 'm sorry I can 't make a decision right now but I will let you know by next Tuesday at the latest .
tr	I	Beautiful historic churches set the backdrop for a small village within a city , and students wandered around the streets .
tr	O	I just feel so powerless , all this kit here and we can do nothing for a whole day , until the new power supply smoother arrives .
tr	O	He then cut thin strips , which he laid out to dry , and only when this was finished did he eat his fill .
tr	O	Sweat was beginning to form in beads on his forehead and his silky brown hair was starting to mat against it .
tr	I	He left her in the care of the medical staff while he ran the patrol , and she was heavily pregnant with their second child .
tr	O	We will discuss societies another time , but I want to really elaborate on some of these individuals .
tr	O	Michael has yet to return from White 's , and Ralph is in the nursery with his nanny .
tr	O	That was certainly a skewed way to look at it , but oddly enough , I did feel less horrible .
tr	I	I know what we did and I know what I saw .
tr	O	The moon was showing silver again , just a thin crescent , but now the crescent was growing .
tr	I	The rest of the man is just a shadow but there is a glint of metal from the streetlight .
tr	I	I stumbled another step back , and Laurent 's weight shifted slightly .
tr	O	He 'd decided to hire a P.I. , but this was better .
tr	I	Some died in jail like Elizabeth , and some were executed .
tr	O	Four days to prepare and I still wasn 't ready to face her .
tr	I	I pulled away to pace the room , and he nodded .
tr	I	At least here it wouldn 't be drawn out , but they were yet grounded on the Seventh -- a death sentence to be sure .
tr	I	It unsettles me , but I 'm not sure why .
tr	I	He chuckled and his hand dropped .
tr	O	There are times when I need being brought back to earth and I admit you did the most effective job I 've experienced to date .
tr	O	I want to hear their conversation but I dare not look .
tr	O	My heavy cocktail ring caught Mr. Beard sharply on his jaw and he let out a muffled groan as he reeled sideways .
tr	O	All of a sudden Bryce slammed on the brakes and we all lurched forward in our seats .
tr	O	Her mother said he offered her money , but she wouldn 't take it .
tr	I	The others have reported the same thing to me and Jessica tells me it is the same with Leo .
tr	I	A random ray of setting sun was in my eyes blinding me , but I turned to face this man .
tr	O	You have to set it right or it can ache forever .
tr	O	He didn 't deserve awful but I wasn 't sure he deserved forgiveness , either .
tr	I	Her hands began to tremble , and she started feeling queasy inside .
tr	I	I catch a few people eyeballing us , fixated with me and Aiden hollers over the noise .
tr	O	His light is gone , and I have nothing now .
tr	O	She starts to leave the kitchen , but I can 't let her go .
tr	I	You want the rest of the world to think you 're this good mother , yet you haven 't talked to her .
tr	O	He shrugged his shoulders and we laughed .
tr	O	I lifted the leg anterior right while the tail was straightened in automatic , and I started to sniff the air .
tr	I	I can see the mist forming in her eyes , but I begin walking toward her .
tr	O	The next ring in was for the people in service of the henge , and the inner circle were the leaders of worship for this community .
tr	O	Faye gave a short bark of laughter , but nobody laughed with her .
tr	O	Grief filled me , and my knees trembled .
tr	O	The song ended and Hunter pulled back to look at me .
tr	O	Seymour was only six months older than I , but he always seemed older than his age .
tr	I	The eyes were glowing red with hatred , and its fangs were dripping saliva .
tr	I	I ducked to the right , and Instinct took over .
tr	I	She wasn 't self-aware and she wasn 't smart .
tr	I	She wouldn 't give it to him , and the chief wanted the knife you made for Evening Star .
tr	O	A few more drops followed and I looked longingly at the hole in the grate of the big tomb .
tr	I	I really couldn 't place where I had heard it but I had run into that word somewhere before meeting Mark .
tr	I	They had just shared tea in the library and it was late afternoon .
tr	O	Her breath caught and her heart skipped .
tr	O	She swayed , and he steadied her , his hard hands clasping her arms .
tr	O	I do not know how long exactly , but I was dead , I assure you .
tr	O	We told him that it did and my insides quivered with the excitement .
tr	O	I grasped for answers , for some way to make sense of the horrible things he was telling me , but my head was muddled .
tr	I	His fingers found grass and he pulled himself out .
tr	I	I don 't offer , and Warner hasn 't asked me to touch him again .
tr	O	We push through , and I 'm shaking .
tr	O	I pour two shots and we kill them , following them up with more beer .
tr	I	Basha saw their red eyes grow bright and the black wolves howled .
tr	I	We don 't want nobody else to have it , and we don 't want it .
tr	O	Jordan laughed and she smiled .
tr	O	I hear Will 's voice , but I cannot take my eyes off June .
tr	O	A young couple have just lost their first born and you only think of your status in the community .
tr	O	We chuckle a bit at the joke and Mason nods a goodbye .
tr	I	The man 's grip was too strong , her weight too small compared with his , but she tried Pulling herself to the side .
tr	I	She reeled back , desperately trying to concentrate and an explosion of pain erupted in her vision .
tr	O	Valeria was pushed back , but she refused to fall .
tr	I	Her hand felt unnaturally sensitized , as if she could feel every whorl in his fingerprints on her skin , and Warmth was creeping up her arm .
tr	I	I looked at him and my heart started beating hard against my ribs .
tr	O	Dominic is holding his own but they are at a stalemate .
tr	I	I covered my mouth to keep from laughing , and he stammered all over himself .
tr	O	A tear rested at the corner of my eye , but it was no time to start crying .
tr	I	I think it 's hot , but it may turn off some .
tr	O	It was probably easiest to change the subject , and she did feel bad - flirting with boys when her mum was hurt .
tr	O	Drake nodded slowly , trying to determine where this was going , and his hesitation told me he didn 't expect to like the destination .
tr	I	Josie would offer them reasonable doubt like a soft bed , and the jury would be exhausted .
tr	O	The Guardian Later , Richard brought Andrea to his house and they stood on the porch , staring toward the sky .
tr	I	I wasn 't even aware of saying them and rage drove me to my next words .
tr	O	I tried to put my foot down the first time , but she rather bluntly told me to mind my own business .
tr	I	I slouch down in my seat instead , but I 'd like to hit him again .
tr	O	My back straightened , and my pulse leaped .
tr	I	One of them seems to be missing , and when I sit on one of them , they create some sort of illusion .
tr	I	Both look as if they are about to explode with rage but both are staring straight ahead at nothing in particular .
tr	O	They looked at each other then , and suddenly , they were both laughing .
tr	O	Beside her , Jupiter took a step back and Soren cursed under his breath .
tr	I	Something was holding him back , but Jace looked like he wanted to reveal his secrets .
tr	O	She heard the engine rev , and suddenly the lights switched off .
tr	I	He took another step back , but she tried to move closer to regain what she missed .
tr	O	His eyes sparkled under the moonlight , and as the wind blew past him , I could see a glimpse of his chiseled body beneath his shirt .
tr	O	It wasn 't as much as she was used to , but it was a fair bit better than nothing .
tr	O	I finally met David after e-mailing for several weeks , and we certainly do seem to be compatible .
tr	O	I know caution is key after the bombing , but I was practically kidnapped from my own tea table by the guards .
tr	O	His time was too valuable to waste , and he didn 't make poor business decisions .
tr	I	Still the bus would not be slowed , but Chapter One Her foot pumped the brake pedal .
tr	O	I couldn 't answer why I felt a bond to a girl who seemed intent on scaring me away , but the Scott thing was easy .
tr	I	At least I knew it , but I was a creep .
tr	O	said Theo , and Henry shook his head .
tr	O	I started toward Marcus , but he waved me off .
tr	I	The anxiety of my encounter with the policeman began to fade and the pain required my attention .
tr	I	I kept it for myself but I even had some offers on it .
tr	O	She winced at the icy stares her parents gave Shane , but they knew better than to start that here , now .
tr	O	CHAPTER 10 Ever since Josiah 's world expanded and ever since he had traveled to the Historian , he yearned to know what was hidden .
tr	O	A couple of times when I was a teenager , I tried to set him up , but he always told me no .
tr	I	She squished some mashed potatoes out through her teeth and Keesha smiled up at Dock as he turned to her .
tr	O	He ordered and we followed .
tr	I	I had to do it that way , but I 'm sorry Pol .
tr	I	He smacked her backside and Susan 's eyes sparkled with mischief .
tr	O	She laughed , and he put his shirt back on .
tr	O	Your overdraft has exceeded the limit , and we can no longer allow withdrawals .
tr	I	He was scowling , and she looked at Hastings .
tr	I	I value him as a friend , and I can see that he 's good looking .
tr	O	I could see her point , but there was nothing I could do about it , so I was glad she met Bob .
tr	I	She nearly snipped off her fingertip , and her fingers faltered in their task .
tr	I	Micah closed his fist , and the guard 's face paled .
tr	O	Instinct told me that this was not the reaction of a guilty woman - and no one could put on an act that good .
tr	I	The shocked people around him had a ringside seat and the president of the United States was under fire .
tr	I	At the funeral , he crossed a line we can never come back from , but he always liked to nitpick me apart , which was fine .
tr	I	He would play complete innocence and I 'd give him a look .
tr	I	I didn 't even know you and you were the first boy to show up like that .
tr	O	I had no idea why she was in my room , but I wasn 't about to turn her away .
tr	I	Once there , she would need help , and there was only one place to go .
tr	O	He pulled me as close as we could possibly get while clothed , and my whole body turned to fire from that kiss .
tr	I	Demons can 't get to us , and the Guardians have thousands of bases .
tr	I	Her brown eyes smiled up at him and her dark blonde hair blew around in the breeze .
tr	O	Todd 's words could have been meant in humor , but his tone told another story .
tr	I	She wasn 't about to show it , but it made her sad to think about .
tr	I	She wasn 't breathing , but as I came too on the bank , the paramedics worked on her .
tr	I	This time I won 't be the one asking , but I 've offered Dominic money for it many times .
tr	I	My brows pulled in , and I shook my head .
tr	O	Brody returned to the stool right beside me and I turned toward him .
tr	I	Alone wasn 't an option , but alone , he could find his way .
tr	O	So the camera couldn 't see the enlarged photos of the shriveled , blackened lungs of Jacob Wood , but the jurors certainly saw them .
tr	I	He promised they 'd head someplace nice when school was out , but with finals looming , there was no time for a honeymoon .
tr	I	They both giggled and Jake replied .
tr	O	Many questions were asked but Heather had few answers .
tr	O	It seemed unusually cruel to keep dragging a stupid prank out like this , and I silently wished she would drop it already .
tr	I	Well , it was like having one foot in the grave already , and the words were out of my mouth before I could stop them .
tr	O	The discussion lasted four hours , and when it was over , Leslie Stewart Chambers was the owner of Washington Tribune Enterprises .
tr	O	I felt shredded up inside and my own heart was afraid to repair itself .
tr	O	Theoretically the two heading east could have been Lane 's guys , but he doubted it .
tr	O	He said he had a feeling you 'd be here , and he had a message for you .
tr	O	Ezio saw the Pope stiffen at this , but Rodrigo said nothing , did not interrupt .
tr	I	I like her self-consciousness even more than I like her professionalism and she is not the case worker now .
tr	O	Another shadow seemed to flit through the woods but I saw nothing as I turned to follow it .
tr	I	All thoughts of telling him the truth fled my mind and I closed my eyes as ecstasy filled me once again .
tr	I	She knew that her life had been easy compared to what Beth had endured , and yes , Beth had been overweight for most of her life .
tr	I	Mrs. Nevins was unimpressed , but tess refused .
tr	I	The Freaks never seemed to run out of bodies to throw at us , but I had seldom been so weary .
tr	I	His eyes kept flicking -- rather nervously -- to Grace , but he nodded a general greeting as he approached the stand .
tr	I	Maybe they were all having their family meals , and it was lunchtime , though .
tr	I	I counted them and they stopped in their tracks .
tr	I	You 'd have been too late and one minute too long .
tr	I	His gaze jerked away from the monitor and I saw him start .
tr	I	I move the hell out of here , and I pull the phone , grab my stuff .
tr	I	His instincts warned him not to proceed , but Tavi could see nothing ahead of him .
tr	I	Adopting her never seemed to sit right with him and he was always angry that I couldn 't conceive .
tr	O	I let out a small gasp but I do as asked .
tr	I	The pile tumbles to the floor , but I make a grab for them .
tr	O	None of us knew why , but I knew it bothered Frost .
tr	O	It drops to the ground , and he flies over to me .
tr	I	He looked away before I could , but I almost smiled at him .
tr	O	I ask him about his father , but he wants no part of that conversation .
tr	I	Billy could freeze to death in that time and both would take hours to organize a search .
tr	I	I take his hand and Andrew rubs his back .
tr	I	Patrick was nowhere to be seen , but Dani was on the floor beside her brother .
tr	I	Her voice was shrewd , but Ash asked , sounding bored .
tr	I	She struggled to resist it , but the urge to give in was overwhelming .
tr	I	You were gone after our night together and I was devastated when I got up .
tr	I	He no longer struggled , but two men held him down .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure what she was expecting him to do , but it certainly kept him completely aware of everything the entire time .
tr	I	The halls erupted in chanting and they all spotted him in Mrs. Shapiro 's clutches .
tr	O	He knew what she saw and he knew it was bleak .
tr	O	Two chairs stand in the middle and a wooden cabinet curves the corner .
tr	I	A few were laid out across tables while others tended to them , and most were sitting down .
tr	I	She was taking me to task for what she thought I 'd done and she has a huge heart .
tr	O	He relaxes by degrees , and I register the slow shift reflected in his thoughts .
tr	I	My mother was a piano teacher , and my father was a musical conductor .
tr	I	Super lightly cratered to the North , but it 's at the edge of a heavily cratered area to the South .
tr	O	MacKenzie shuts the door behind us and I go into the bathroom .
tr	I	This wasn 't good and it certainly appeared to be the case .
tr	I	His wasn 't the baritone she wanted to hear , but she hoped he didn 't hear the disappointment in her voice .
tr	I	He stared into my gaze with a no nonsense look and our eyes met .
tr	O	It approached a stream that cascaded down the incline and it took deep gulps of the water .
tr	I	I can 't talk , but he looks terrified .
tr	O	Theo started a slow clap as I reached the group , and I smiled , dropping into a low bow .
tr	I	She returned quickly carrying a small basin , but at last she walked away from me .
tr	I	Off we go back to the compound where I belong and he kicks the bike in to gear .
tr	I	The only way I can end this is to end my own life and I 'm too strong now .
tr	O	She knew the words were useless , but her mind was ramped up on adrenaline , her synapses firing at breakneck speed .
tr	O	She parted her lips automatically , and he popped the morsel inside .
tr	O	Thank goodness for the glass shrouds which surrounded each of them , or the whole wing might have gone up in flames years ago .
tr	O	James paused , and she turned her head so she could see his face .
tr	O	I grin at her and she slaps the back of my head .
tr	O	My back is still burning but I don 't think I 've broken anything .
tr	O	He clicked on it , and the Mehra file opened .
tr	O	The helicopter lifts off and the kids wave good-bye .
tr	O	The hour burned past midnight , and the grounds were officially closed .
tr	O	The thought had crossed her mind earlier , but she 'd shoved it down inside , hoping that it was anything else .
tr	O	Voices came from the hallway outside the sitting room door , and Emeline straightened away from the table , walking several paces from it .
tr	O	She should shift her money over to some other accounts and she would be making at least twice as much as the return she was earning now .
tr	I	My dad 's face droops even farther , but I didn 't think it was possible .
tr	I	He laughed and I gave a little shriek .
tr	O	she gasped , and for the first time , a faint smile flickered across those full lips .
tr	I	I would not willingly place her in such danger again and she had risked her life , perhaps senselessly , for my mad venture .
tr	O	I opened my mouth , but nothing came out .
tr	I	He backed away from Tessa 's door instantly , retreating toward his own , and Jem 's head jerked up .
tr	O	I hated my father and I hated my eyes .
tr	O	I want to be with her so badly , but being with her has never felt more dangerous than it does now .
tr	I	I nodded , but my teeth rattled a little with the cold .
tr	O	There was a pair of decent hiking boots , too , and an assortment of clothes -- a jacket , folded underwear , even socks .
tr	I	The cabinet rotated 180 degrees , and the Sphinx closed the door .
tr	I	They knew it , and he was hooked .
tr	O	They 're a little big , but I 'm hoping that will stop them from hurting me too much .
tr	O	She didn 't stop pulling until my sleeping bag and I had fallen in a heap at her feet .
tr	I	She loved him fiercely , protectively , yet she planned to leave him , fearing for her life .
tr	I	He wrapped his arm around my waist , pulling me into him and Bastian 's eyes twinkled .
tr	O	He must have also noticed this as he gave me a pat and I snapped out of it .
tr	O	She tried to be gentle but she knew she was holding on for dear life .
tr	I	Francisco had heard every word , but several were paying little attention .
tr	O	They never noticed anything was wrong with the girls , but several of them disappeared .
tr	O	I remember waiting in line and there was a very anxious female Sergeant close to the front of the line .
tr	I	Cain 's name hadn 't been mentioned in any of their meetings , and the king had barely said anything to him over the past week .
tr	I	They couldn 't make out what they looked like , but all they got was just the two dark male figures going from car to car .
tr	I	He saw it and Tony was there that night .
tr	I	I forcibly pushed him away , and Dorian 's face played through my mind again .
tr	O	Adrenaline coursed through his veins and he slowly backed away from the house .
tr	I	They are laughing about something , and their backs are turned toward me .
tr	O	We should have our own trackers , and a team in place to make judgments .
tr	O	Vivienne 's eyes betrayed how revolted she was by him , but we all knew she wasn 't being given a choice .
tr	O	My mouth hangs open and I forget to breathe .
tr	O	Jess shot his friend a shut-up look , but he stopped teasing her .
tr	O	I hadn 't even got used to being a sorcerer yet , and now I have to be a king , too .
tr	O	He didn 't have a family , so they must have been close friends , but Jay had said he 'd always been a loner .
tr	O	I sputtered all over again , and my mouth filled with dirt .
tr	O	I glanced back at the serving line and the nurses had finished serving the patients .
tr	O	I tried not to think about the last time I 'd come here , but of course I did .
tr	I	He is in fact our leader , but he probably doesn 't realize it .
tr	I	I 'll follow and you go first .
tr	I	She immediately opened for him and his lips landed on hers .
tr	O	Pate 's eyelids flickered , but he took the blood .
tr	I	It couldn 't be helped , but it felt odd smiling while I said that .
tr	I	For some reason , his approval was very important to her , but she wished it didn 't matter .
tr	O	At that Jem 's head snapped up and he met Will 's eyes .
tr	O	Misty took another deep breath , and then she relaxed .
tr	O	I reached out for him , and he took my hand .
tr	O	My techs catalogued the meds , but they didn 't flag them .
tr	O	At first it had troubled the McGill that she seemed unafraid of him , but now , he found himself troubled by the fact that she was .
tr	O	I simply meant that I care about you , and I 'm tired of seeing you in pain .
tr	O	The morning sun shone through the window , but none of it was actually touching her .
tr	O	She had never felt this way about a man before , and it was an exhilarating experience .
tr	I	She paused , and her voice broke for a moment .
tr	O	The large windows of the conference room are open , and through them we can hear the band begin to play a wedding march .
tr	O	I pulled her toward the car , and reluctantly , she agreed to go .
tr	O	President Grant was the third president to try to buy Cuba from the Spanish , but the deals always fell through .
tr	O	He was always in control , keeping an iron fist on his life , but the last few days had stripped him of that .
tr	O	She didn 't answer me but I felt her believe me .
tr	I	The point was well taken , but granted , he hadn 't been divorced .
tr	I	A general had famously relieved himself in that waterway and tanks were crossing the Rhine .
tr	O	He nodded encouragingly , and her frown deepened .
tr	I	That made her fair game for the taking , and they were no longer together .
tr	I	The boy plying the keys turned to challenge Buck 's stare and the laptop flipped shut .
tr	I	He was suddenly crushed , and he hadn 't thought of this before .
tr	O	It was red with blood and there was no sign of the other three soldiers .
tr	O	It won 't ever go away , but I can get past it .
tr	I	I watched him come closer , and this time I could see his move , like slow motion on a video .
tr	O	It might be human nature , but it wasn 't animal nature .
tr	I	He was mine , and he was magnificent in the light , heartbreakingly handsome .
tr	I	Sean slowly stood , and her soldiers deposited her down by the table again .
tr	I	I stood up to leave , and she gave a weak nod .
tr	I	I didn 't care but a few people shoved back .
tr	O	He motioned for the armor , and the man helped him into it as quickly as he could .
tr	I	I 'd be judged by her appearance and she 'd be judged by her appearance .
tr	O	The kiss was light , but she enjoyed the taste of his lips almost as much as she 'd enjoyed his blood .
tr	O	She squirmed beneath him , fighting for freedom , until she froze and her eyes widened in shock .
tr	O	Maybe he 'd be free this weekend , and we could finally meet .
tr	I	One of the pages was missing , but I found my notes on Beauvais .
tr	O	We had been planning to get out right after the fire was doused but me passing out put a swift stop to that .
tr	I	The gray clouds hid the sun , and few landmarks were visible above the thick snow .
tr	I	It rode like a dream and when I finally saw it he had every reason to be proud , the car was done beautifully .
tr	I	Now I did , but I 'd never understood how you couldn 't just block that stuff out .
tr	I	You never came to me and you knew where I was ?
tr	I	It was directed to Stefan and her statement sounded more like a question .
tr	O	There was a loud creak as the frame resisted , but the gunshots were even louder .
tr	I	That would be too humiliating to be borne , and if she didn 't joke she would cry .
tr	O	Staying alive was his priority -- and getting help .
tr	O	He 'd been trying to help me , trying to save me , and now he was dead .
tr	O	Try as he might , he couldn 't believe she had found the courage to run off on her own , yet there was no other answer .
tr	I	He was getting sick of it and this was the second morning in a row that he 'd been called before dawn .
tr	O	They were talking about bringing us into the twentieth century , but what they wanted us to do -- hurt people just to have more things ?
tr	I	As hard as I tried , I couldn 't get my heart to follow suit , but I froze .
tr	O	Most of it was common sense , but some of it just defied logic .
tr	O	Alex ate up the crowd 's fervor , and some girl actually threw her bra onto his guitar in the middle of a song .
tr	I	She could make out details now , and her eyes were adjusting .
tr	I	The foreclosure sign in the front yard made her sick to her stomach , but she looked out of her window .
tr	I	I felt this floaty feeling overtake me like my fairy godmother had put me in a bubble , and then his lips were on my ear .
tr	O	She becomes his , and that changes her .
tr	O	She 's absolutely right ... but I don 't care .
tr	O	He lined up to try the same shot again , and Gregorio leaned forward subconsciously in a plaintive attempt to change his mind .
tr	I	The roads were jammed up with cars heading to the retail parks to do some Christmas shopping and it was a crisp December morning .
tr	I	There was nothing else that could be done , and they didn 't want to arouse any suspicion .
tr	O	Part of her wanted to ask what the mission was , and then she remembered Neil 's restless night .
tr	O	he wasn 't really smiling but his eyes were deeply amused .
tr	O	The white lilies fell to their feet , and barriers Tolland had never known he 'd built were suddenly melting away .
tr	I	What the hell , she was already on the ladder , but he 'd been thinking of lowering her with a rope .
tr	O	Suzy 's heard was spinning and her stomach was again churning .
tr	I	I wasn 't worried about being quiet , but our footsteps thundered in the space .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to expect and I 'd never been to a dance before .
tr	O	I knew that Christian was trying to tell me something , but I didn 't know what it was .
tr	O	It smelled me , and then it took a chunk out of me .
tr	I	He wanted her pleasure , and he wanted her obedience .
tr	I	Her hands shook and her heart was racing .
tr	I	The outcome may not be one hundred percent , but I can help you , as I said before .
tr	I	That made me so sad , and I just didn 't know anymore .
tr	I	I saw her smile shine back at him under the moonlight , and he shook his head no .
tr	I	The sound only heightened her temper , and she could hear him typing inside .
tr	O	I was going to compliment him , but I caught myself .
tr	I	Deep within her body , the first pulse of his release broke free , and the taste of her cries swept over his tongue .
tr	O	He struggled , and his eyes blazed .
tr	O	Her eyes adjusted to the dim light and she saw .
tr	O	When they arrived , they turned to face the creatures , but only the one thing remained .
tr	O	They weren 't fast like a Racer , but they would keep coming .
tr	I	She could see Brenda walking toward a shopping mall and another vision took hold .
tr	O	I step through the curtain and my senses are assaulted .
tr	I	Young man 's , excellent physical constitution , or this he attributes to the boy 's .
tr	O	They had discussed a complete retreat , but he was unsure of the powder so he stayed close enough that he could relight it if needed .
tr	I	In my heart I knew it was alright , but I had a bad feeling in my stomach .
tr	O	He must be freezing , but somehow he kept still .
tr	I	He would soon be dead or he couldn 't worry about him now .
tr	I	I saw his expression harden and Mr. Stone frowned .
tr	O	* * * Lily glanced at his open palm , and her heart rate jumped up a few notches .
tr	O	I longed to reenter the normal world , but I just wasn 't quite ready for some things .
tr	O	They now have access to the orchards and the crop sheds without asking permission .
tr	I	I realized that that had been naive , but once I 'd thought it would .
tr	I	It seemed to her that Ellen was going into shock , but Anne Marie didn 't have a lot of medical experience .
tr	O	It makes me feel as if he 's one of my ghosts , and I can 't give in to grief before I find the answers .
tr	I	Wrung the water out of her two long braids and she stood up .
tr	O	You 're definitely not excited about this , and we 're on the verge of leaving .
tr	O	He will steal your soul , and he cannot save Grace .
tr	I	The stars seemed to twinkle brighter , but we hadn 't even gotten to the meat of what happened .
tr	I	At last she gave a small shake of her head but it took a long moment .
tr	I	He shrugged and I asked .
tr	I	He needed to get away , but Thomas knew that he should help with the cleaning .
tr	O	There won 't be much money but he has some bungalows out the back where we can sleep .
tr	I	It had to be done , but I hated to leave Sarah .
tr	I	My guide decided to make it even longer , and it was a long walk back to the hotel .
tr	O	She dutifully raised her arms over her head , and he slipped the dress free of her body .
tr	O	I 'd never seen anything like him , and I 'd seen a lot .
tr	I	When the spring gales blew , the rubies glittered in the sunshine , and it was there all winter .
tr	O	Kylie nodded , but she wasn 't too sure .
tr	O	He put the walkie-talkie to his lips and I did the only thing I could have .
tr	O	The prisoners were removed first and whilst the crime scene was put under the correct control procedures I was allowed to stay .
tr	O	His hand loosened on hers , but she didn 't pull away .
tr	I	His muscles tightened and he gasped weakly .
tr	O	They turned their heads , and their eyes bulged as they became aware of the dripping .32 glaring at them through the window .
tr	O	There 's a chill in the air back outside , and it 's getting dark .
tr	I	She doesn 't get her arms out fast enough to catch herself and this time , her feet slip .
tr	O	I 'm assuming you have to turn that dial to open the door , but it 's like too far .
tr	O	Too busy here , and we 'd have to find someplace where no one knew me .
tr	O	Someone was coming , and I wasn 't naive enough to think it was rescuers .
tr	I	He must have read the puzzlement on my face and I turned to face him .
tr	I	Sean wished he 'd brought a flashlight , and the grimy windows filtered the weak sunlight .
tr	O	I start running and he falls in next to me , gliding along silently .
tr	I	He had a simulacrum to destroy , and he was chewing his last stick of gum .
tr	I	I caught him staring at my eyes , and we both stood there , mulling over what to do next .
tr	O	It warmed our hearts too , and we stayed in bed , wrapped around each other , listening to the people outside .
tr	I	The lights cut out and Bran saws through the wires .
tr	I	You pulled it off better than most , but not your best look , for sure .
tr	I	I wanted to slap myself in the face and I closed the door behind him .
tr	I	I could swear it was from the stress of three years ago and her hair had turned a blinding shade of white .
tr	I	His jaw was strained , and his eyes were closed .
tr	I	I could see his skin beginning to sear under the intense temperature , and the heat from the engine was increasing .
tr	I	He 'd done what came naturally and he 'd been a new vampire .
tr	O	The court erupted in laughter and the judge , smug on the podium , was particularly slow to use his gable to quell the hooting .
tr	I	The smell of sour milk oozed from Isaac 's shirt , but he savored the warmth of little arms wrapped around his neck .
tr	O	The court case folded and Bedford died a quiet little death .
tr	I	I wonder how I could possibly not remember him and I look at the handsome face smiling at me from my phone .
tr	I	Some had given birth too many times in the past , and few women remained to us .
tr	O	We can do it the easy way , or we can do it the hard way .
tr	O	The rulers formed an official objection , and the impeachment was carried out immediately .
tr	I	Thankfully doesn 't ask why , but she knows I 'm upset .
tr	O	Buddy had left several messages on her answering machine today , but she didn 't feel like returning them .
tr	I	Just being close to her helped , but I didn 't know why .
tr	I	His lips curved up in a wickedly sexy grin , and he raised an eyebrow .
tr	O	His hair was tied back in a ponytail and both his ears were pierced with gold earrings .
tr	O	You are a man of Earth who has come voluntarily to the Moon and you could act as a bridge between us to the benefit of both .
tr	O	Call the police , and you 'll just look crazy .
tr	O	Her fingers knotted in her hair and she stepped away .
tr	O	Blood splatters turned the walls into crimson rivers , and the rich metallic scent filled the air , mixing with the smell of the drugs .
tr	I	The remnants of those tears threatened to spill over now , and she 'd been crying .
tr	I	We had a lot more of them to get through , but that was encouraging , at least .
tr	O	That could be true , but crazier things had happened .
tr	I	He had to struggle not to grin himself , and Damien could hear the smile in her voice .
tr	O	Something was overriding the safeguards of his mark and the unexpected physical response caused a slight disorientation .
tr	O	I don 't see her for two days ... And for 48 hours , I worry .
tr	I	The moon shines brightly above and it was night .
tr	I	Then he was lying on his side , Boots still in his arms , and a deafening explosion of sound assaulted his ears .
tr	O	She apologized that she couldn 't be there , but she provided just the right words of comfort .
tr	O	When he saw her , his hand went up in a wave and he began to move toward her .
tr	I	She did not understand how deep those rivers ran , but she was aware that he was a solitary person .
tr	I	It 's handle too heavy and this one 's blade was too light .
tr	O	Only way to stop it is to stop him , and he 's already killed most of us .
tr	O	We could take the bullion to Mexico City , but it takes too long to make that journey .
tr	I	Her fingers graze over the small cut in the corner of my mouth , and I feel her hand reach up tentatively to touch my face .
tr	I	They kept going through files and we kept trying computers .
tr	O	It was as though she couldn 't form any thoughts at all and yet at the same time her thoughts felt jumbled in her head .
tr	O	It seemed to Leslie that half of Lexington pitied her , and the other half rejoiced at what had happened to her .
tr	I	Right now , I couldn 't put a coherent thought together to save my life , but words usually flowed from my mouth effortlessly .
tr	O	Had to get the core out of her or it would all come back .
tr	I	I 'll reproduce it here , and I got the article finished .
tr	I	It was still his home but his home wasn 't perfect .
tr	I	The end is closer , and I am tired now .
tr	I	Winkler could call holy hell down on me , but I still wanted to run away .
tr	I	There was no sign of movement but she searched the near bank .
tr	O	Mr Brown said sarcastically , and I glared at him .
tr	O	Maybe they planned it , but not the way he did it .
tr	I	A smal girl with glasses peeked in , and there was a tap on the door .
tr	O	Her indecisiveness was driving her crazy , and she left her house for work while she lectured herself .
tr	O	The heated look in his eyes told me he was going to kiss me , and I didn 't bother to stop him .
tr	I	When the flame was about to connect , a shield formed around him as he walked closer to me , and he stepped toward me .
tr	I	Her head slumped forward , and she blinked once , then her focus faded .
tr	O	The Mystic 's voice released the song , and the clearing grew still .
tr	I	Our gaze met , and she noticed me .
tr	O	He wasn 't an ugly dog , but he certainly wasn 't going to win any dog shows .
tr	O	Callum wouldn 't have answered the question anyway , and I wasn 't in the mood to let him tell me no .
tr	I	The medication must have put them to sleep , and they must be in his .
tr	O	It 's the world 's smallest violin , and I 'm playing it for your very sad story .
tr	I	We didn 't know if anyone was inside , and your door was open .
tr	I	They would call to their masters and the undead riddled with parasites often left them behind in the ragged wounds .
tr	I	Cleaning to undo the damage of my dance with inspiration and it takes me the entire weekend of near constant working .
tr	I	Those probably couldn 't describe it with accuracy , and it was a sight worth a thousand words .
tr	I	Keeping you safe is my priority and I just don 't have the manpower .
tr	I	You can 't really control what happens to it , and a piece of you is out there somewhere .
tr	I	You can 't always get what you want , but I wished I 'd had time for a shower .
tr	O	She moistened her lips , wanting to answer , but no sound would come out .
tr	I	Yet I understood , and his eyes spoke a language I 'd never heard .
tr	O	Everyone 's face turned a tiny bit paler , but the truth bombs weren 't done yet .
tr	I	Sadly she had not felt strong enough to travel , but Rigger 's mother would definitely have been here if she could .
tr	I	I knew they were responsible for the crumbling of the tunnels , and they smiled .
tr	O	Earlier in the day she had tried to leave the inn to look for Agent Barnes herself , but each time Aria had stopped her .
tr	O	It squeaked open , and Angelina appeared .
tr	O	In Berlin the audiences went wild and the reviews were ecstatic .
tr	O	I look up at him and he 's staring back at me .
tr	O	Dr. Newsome didn 't really believe in angels , but the preacher had to .
tr	O	I hear the rip of a condom wrapper and my body goes still .
tr	O	Her truck continues to warm up , and I have the biggest urge to drive off in it .
tr	I	They were taken to her usual table , and when he arrived , they both entered the restaurant .
tr	I	In this case it had a certain validity , but I 've always felt that an economic theory of history is an oversimplification .
tr	O	At the sight of it my terror increased , and I fought with all my strength not to go on .
tr	O	I tried again to struggle , and this time my body responded .
tr	I	They always got off to good starts , but more coffee , the day was cool , the Dolphins were off to a good start , 8-3 .
tr	I	Tamar toasted first , and they lifted their glasses .
tr	O	It was a bitter pill for Damen to swallow , asking help from other people , but for Mairi he would do anything .
tr	I	He knew that they were miles away from any house but the girl had sprinted out to a quarter mile distance .
tr	O	Fear lashed and I pegged the throttle .
tr	I	We feel the same emotions they do , but yes , we 're immortal .
tr	O	Galen knew her , and he accepted her .
tr	O	I thought I might ask Gill , but then I suppose I wouldn 't like the answer .
tr	O	Solace was a bustling town for as small as it was , and most of the buildings were occupied at any hour .
tr	I	I was married now , but I used to be so worried about my grandparents seeing me kiss like this .
tr	I	The nearest department store was in the next town over , but he thought about stealing one .
tr	I	No one answered , but I knocked again .
tr	O	Number two , your mother needs you , and I need you to take care of everything here .
tr	O	He paused , waiting for the person to pass by , but they never came .
tr	O	Marina sounds anxious , but that 's nothing new .
tr	O	Liquid trickled from my thighs , and I had no doubt he noticed .
tr	O	Fangs exploded into his mouth , and the beast eyed the man with the cold , unblinking stare of a killer .
tr	I	It 's a question of priorities , but I know we might miss something .
tr	I	She staggered back to assess Ryan 's space from a safer distance away from the glass , and a wave of vertigo hit her .
tr	O	The closet light flicks on , and I go over .
tr	I	He patted the seat next to him and Maximilian 's long legs were stretched out in the dirt aisle .
tr	I	George was older than that , and Life expectancy in the late 1750s , which was George 's project era , was in the mid-thirties .
tr	I	She certainly had everyone 's attention now , but he didn 't remember seeing her before .
tr	O	The voice that came out of me did not tremble , but it didn 't sound like my voice , either .
tr	O	Tell him to sue me and I 'll file for bankruptcy -- in Italy !
tr	I	They had walked over , and it was located not far from hers .
tr	I	His nose wrinkled , and the Abbot 's eyes flicked over Thomas .
tr	I	I try not to panic , but my stomach lurches with fear .
tr	O	I was a sobbing mess , but I kept driving , knowing that he would follow if I didn 't .
tr	I	He 'd made his decision , but his stomach twisted with tension .
tr	I	I 've been told I have the ability to see the future sometimes , but I 'm not sure what you know about my powers .
tr	O	At the eight count , Lea was up , but the damage had serious effects on her .
tr	I	Everybody was arriving at work and it was rush-hour .
tr	O	Ava stayed glued to my side as my mother led me to a bench in the antechamber , and I eased myself down .
tr	I	It had still penetrated deeply in her chest , but the bullet hadn 't driven into her heart .
tr	I	He stepped into her arms and a huge smile spread across his face .
tr	O	The day before had marked the arrival of General Stacks , and according to the letter , he was speaking in two minutes .
tr	O	Her hand reached up to her arm and her fingertips found the raised brand there .
tr	I	We were almost ready , and the party was tomorrow .
tr	O	Detective Gregory said something else to her , but she didn 't hear it .
tr	I	One look at Simon had him backing away , but John was the first to reach the stockroom .
tr	O	I know , but perhaps we weren 't listening quite hard enough .
tr	O	People desire to attain a lot and as time is always running away , they wish to compromise on their sleep .
tr	O	It was only a few seconds long , but they were powerful ones as that bearded figure appeared on the screen .
tr	I	She wouldn 't even give it a chance , and he wanted to fix this thing between them .
tr	O	Abraham stammered and Hunter agreed .
tr	O	The treasure chests were still there , but everyone was gone .
tr	O	Lina gaped at him and she felt quickly for the stone wall behind her .
tr	I	He chose that moment to look toward the houses they were passing but she darted a glance at him .
tr	I	He guesses it 's true , but that sounds strange to Elijah .
tr	I	Daniel straightened himself , careful not to make a sound that might give him away , and a foot scraping against the paving stones said otherwise .
tr	O	Water trickled down the walls , and the smell of human filth burned his nostrils .
tr	I	None of them seemed safe , at least not to her , but Sam hesitated , her mind seeking a safe subject to discuss .
tr	I	There was a sudden high-pitched , hissing hum , and she flicked her wrist , a distracted motion .
tr	O	At some point she 'd stopped sweating , or maybe it was just drying faster than her body could form it .
tr	O	He tells me and I consider it until I try to move .
tr	I	Ty felt the gust of his breath against his cheek , and Zane sighed .
tr	I	I felt a sudden fear and one boy closed his eyes .
tr	O	I 'm ready to gnaw someone 's arm off but I 'll go later , when the others get back .
tr	I	They would get along just fine together , and they were cut from the same cloth .
tr	O	Neither of us said a word , but somehow Mom sensed that something was wrong .
tr	O	That earned me a small crack in his surely demeanor and he smiled at me .
tr	O	I knew Reed was resourceful , but this would be a stretch even for him .
tr	I	I might be able to help , but I can no longer lead them .
tr	O	I thought I might be sick as my legs crumpled beneath me and I fell to the floor .
tr	I	They followed him wearily , and he quickened his pace .
tr	I	I was adapting to my new life , but I never used to care about that .
tr	I	She was invisible but she looked down at her hands .
tr	I	Of course she was but I was hoping she wasn 't going to pry any further .
tr	I	She meets my eyes and her head tips up .
tr	I	They slept and she snuggled closer .
tr	I	Now he had shut down again and he had actually started talking .
tr	O	April Lehman knew about the doll shawl , and Gretchen hoped she hadn 't shared her knowledge with the police .
tr	I	She knew the fundamental truth here , but she knew Edmund was trying to assuage her guilt .
tr	O	He wouldn 't tell me who , but I had enough hints to make guesses .
tr	I	Then , taking her courage in her hands , knocked on the door , and she held on to it for a few seconds .
tr	I	She headed for the stairs , but Isabel still didn 't answer .
tr	O	There 's times when it goes back to being long like it was when you were a kid , but those ain 't good times no more .
tr	O	Maybe it was God welcoming her to his kingdom , or maybe it was an angel taking her there .
tr	I	He couldn 't bear the thought of living on top of them but Dave loved his parents .
tr	O	Her eyes moved from the floor to the wall , and she caught a small sliver of moonlight peeking through a high window .
tr	O	I will get there in one piece , still standing , and I will warn them .
tr	I	No one should have that information , and no matter what he said to cover his tracks , Brian knew about the intruder .
tr	O	He thought not , but nothing was certain .
tr	I	She sank back in her library chair , and that sent a shiver down her spine .
tr	O	Rich couldn 't remember her using sugar before , but this wasn 't the time to mention it .
tr	O	He walked around me and I watched him stalk toward the exit .
tr	O	Tully put the piece of candy in her mouth , and Sugar did the same .
tr	O	Searching for love never entered his mind since becoming a man , yet he 'd found it with Helen .
tr	I	He fell asleep , and pure exhaustion took him .
tr	I	He gasped for breath , and the thought choked him .
tr	O	For a few seconds , she wasn 't sure he was going to give them to her , but then , he finally handed them over .
tr	O	I attended it with Victor and I talked to her parents .
tr	I	He didn 't care and he had no idea what was outside the walls .
tr	O	The armory was now in reach , and I quickly made my way inside .
tr	I	You shall rue your disobedience , or now you shall play .
tr	O	The heat in his eyes immediately drew her in and she knew there was no more fighting the inevitable .
tr	O	The doors closed , and they were alone .
tr	I	I can 't , but he wants me to follow .
tr	O	She doubted if she would find a better boss , but the idea of having a staff job scared her .
tr	O	They went straight for my bedroom , but I was still on the couch .
tr	O	Her orgasm hit and he stopped thinking .
tr	I	She sat here gripping his arm , standing in his corner , battling for him , and he 'd only known Lily a little over two nights .
tr	O	I 'd never dated , and McKenna understood what this meant .
tr	O	The maids were nowhere to be seen , but the smell of smoke was stronger here .
tr	I	I bring the engine to life and we jump in the car .
tr	I	She knew exactly what to do and two men were coming at her from opposite sides .
tr	O	Leaves me begging for release , for a future without the distance , without the ache , but maybe I don 't mind the ache .
tr	I	It didn 't really matter what others thought either and that didn 't really matter now .
tr	O	She is still too weak to attempt shape-shifting , and she will not go to ground .
tr	O	She eyed him suspiciously , but she wanted this house .
tr	O	She 's doing a daily strip and that takes a lot of funny .
tr	I	He nodded his authorization and they looked at Adam .
tr	O	It 's the truth that I saw you at a party in the Carpathian Mountains , but we were never formally introduced .
tr	O	She glanced back at Black , who applauded modestly with the rest of those at the table , but she noticed that he wasn 't smiling .
tr	I	Thomas had no more idea of what was going on than he had when the whole thing started , but Everything had returned to normal .
tr	I	What would I say , but I thought about texting Lucas ?
tr	I	He slipped out to the tip , then rammed deep as he followed her down , and she fell to her knees on the dais .
tr	I	Scar quickly sliced the head in one move , and a demon squirmed out from its human soul .
tr	O	Brady smiled , his shadowed eyes glancing in the mirror , but he didn 't tell him to shut up .
tr	I	Necessity forced his hand , but Sebastian hadn 't wanted to leave Serenity last night .
tr	I	Shine pulled a large hunting knife from a sheath at his thigh , and Gaudet nodded .
tr	O	- Partly because of her too , and our marriage wasn 't good anyway .
tr	O	Faye 's eyes were lit black coals , and she splayed her fingernails like claws .
tr	I	She was surprised to feel his trust through the bond , and he nodded .
tr	I	This bordered on the ridiculously paranoid , but I was all for being cautious .
tr	O	After that the street was empty for a space , but presently I had to pass a knot of men .
tr	I	That didn 't mean he was worthy of any civilized female company , but he might have subdued the civil war in his country .
tr	I	Sure enough , the warmth caused her sex to tingle , and she sucked in a breath at the sting , waited .
tr	O	I trust him with my body , but I 'm scared for my heart .
tr	I	It looks like they 've decided to stay two more weeks , but they were supposed to be back by the Fourth of July .
tr	O	Sure , it 'd be risky but the sun would be setting soon .
tr	I	He told me where his was and I got in touch with him after we talked .
tr	O	It was miles back to the trailhead , and she had nothing for protection .
tr	I	I felt the touch through every cell in my body , and Leaning forward , she placed her hand on my cheek .
tr	O	We had to wait about fifteen minutes for a train , but the ride into DC was short .
tr	I	Six months was long enough , but it had served his purposes .
tr	I	Grace went back to work , wondering herself why she was so interested in John Harwell , but Charlie let it go .
tr	I	She put them around him as blood ran out of the corners of his mouth , and Jordan was shuddering in her arms .
tr	I	They are the parents of two children already left home , and he is married to Betty , his wife of 33 years .
tr	O	Rodriguez glanced down so that there was no remaining doubt , but still it took a moment for Hillier to catch on .
tr	I	My stomach bites with heat , and she says it low , seductive .
tr	O	The light subsided , and when he removed his hand an intricate Celtic cross scarred my skin .
tr	I	Jeremy halted his vehicle and the scene swiftly vanished .
tr	O	Technically they were costing Mike money , but he didn 't correct his father .
tr	I	It 's not about the money , but I know I can 't get what I paid for it .
tr	O	The crash was over and the silence was unnerving .
tr	I	Perhaps there isn 't anything and I 'm not even sure what he could say that could do that .
tr	O	Maybe he wasn 't here yet , or I had gotten the address wrong .
tr	O	She slapped him , hard and he swore at her .
tr	I	They probably developed ulcers in the process , but the mice still got in .
tr	I	We 're different , but it 's no one 's fault .
tr	O	Their styles of delivery might vary , but the content was always the same .
tr	O	There was bread , tough , but I ate it with zeal .
tr	O	I cried out as I came and I heard Jackson yell out my name as he found his own release .
tr	O	We tried it out that very night , but it didn 't work .
tr	I	He wrote poetry , too , but Red Badge of Courage is his claim to fame .
tr	I	He could easily double as Sean in that moment and Peter 's head snaps back toward Trystan with a pissed off glare .
tr	O	Giddy giggles sound from beyond the door as Emerson and I look at each other in abject horror .
tr	O	Thornton sighed over that , but he nodded his approval , then a merry melody echoed across the field .
tr	O	His expression was sharp , not entirely trusting , but he nodded .
tr	I	Between the collage of trees she spotted the golden eyes staring back at her , and Kylie stared into the woods .
tr	O	She felt naked somehow , and she realized it was because her hands were empty .
tr	O	I open my mouth to say see ya , but then I remember that the he had his hands on my car .
tr	O	His thumb rubbed across her throbbing bottom lip , and she opened her mouth to nip at the rough pad .
tr	I	Its proximity exerted a smothering downward pressure , but the mass of birds above them was quiet now .
tr	I	No one will go near them and no one has ever seen them .
tr	I	It was the opposite , but I had joked with Clare that once she was with me , all other men would be ruined in her eyes .
tr	I	Perched on the edge of the couch , her body tense , her expression uncertain , but she did not join him .
tr	I	She made sure Spank was present on special occasions like today , and Zoe kept in touch with the trainer who 'd taken the monkey .
tr	I	Sculptures covered in ivy gleamed around them , and pots , which once held live plants , sat in order .
tr	I	That is why , and ryan 's ring was supposedly the ring of the water .
tr	O	I never was one and I never will be one .
tr	I	Lina gasped when she saw the face , and a body came tumbling out at them .
tr	O	It was an admission , but it didn 't signal that she was going to run away .
tr	O	There were field headquarters in every sector , but she seemed to prefer the one in Gamma , which was his .
tr	I	The men relaxed into a casual mil ing group , and the preceptor gave them one of those hand signals .
tr	O	His presence was still there and yet there was no energy .
tr	I	It hurt now , and Mistral 's teeth were almost met in my breast .
tr	O	I beg him again , and he 's back , lying next to me .
tr	O	I turned to Tristan for confirmation on this , but he seemed unsure as to how to respond .
tr	O	It was hot and the road in front of us swam in heatwaves .
tr	O	The Leviathan may have looked big on the water , but close up , inside a confined space like this , it looked colossal .
tr	I	He reminded himself not to let it go too far , but Fun to watch .
tr	O	As Jess fetched her shawl to take him outside to relieve himself , his ears lay back against his head and he growled again .
tr	I	Something was telling him to go closer , but he didn 't know why .
tr	I	It was his rapt attention that held Jane 's focus , but Gloria studied it while he did .
tr	I	Most were still wearing pajamas and both our families were over .
tr	O	I 've only been there for a few months and Dave has been there for years .
tr	I	The ground was covered in it and the snow was still coming down .
tr	O	I let him chop at it for a while , and then I took his sword away from him .
tr	I	I managed a weak smile , but my stomach hurt a little bit at the end .
tr	I	She willed herself not to start crying and Frustration sounded .
tr	O	Paris was back , and Zoe could see the fright hiding deep in his eyes .
tr	O	I started to get off the table , but a wave of dizziness hit me .
tr	I	It could be because I 'm dying , but Red washes over me , as if I 've done it .
tr	O	I was in love with that man , and I had been for a long time .
tr	I	Population increase is rigidly controlled and our birth rate is low .
tr	I	I fight it down , but Anger threatens me again .
tr	I	Mentally I looked about the same , but I didn 't physically mimic the move .
tr	O	Every time he stumbled , or his boots scuffed a groove in the metal , his blood chilled to minus forty .
tr	I	Nature will take its course , and you put too many men with guns in the same place .
tr	I	He didn 't even flinch , and it flapped its wings .
tr	O	Small glasses were arranged around it , and he poured himself a generous amount .
tr	O	40 Day darkened to night and I made love with Aidan .
tr	I	The fight was on ... But Chapter 4 The First Shots It was our Lexington , though a bloodless one .
tr	O	The guy seems wary , but then gives in , lowering the tire iron .
tr	O	I 'll wager he 's all bluff , and really he hopes you love him .
tr	I	I sorta like her but it makes no sense .
tr	I	It drew a line of cold white fire across my skin , and he traced a glowing fingertip across the palm of my hand .
tr	I	That obviously hasn 't happened , and if your military found blame , they would have held you prisoner .
tr	O	She 'd come out to get a break , to turn her thoughts away from Shane , and instead she had to watch him being pawed .
tr	I	The fire had been put out , but he unsheathed the katana .
tr	O	Clare had wanted to serve everyone , but we quickly threw that idea out the window .
tr	I	I flinched from the threat that it contained and his voice was as dark as a hurricane .
tr	I	For the first time outwardly showed some perplexity , and Lynn saw this .
tr	I	It was on your desk at work that day and Drummond actioned it immediately .
tr	I	She 'll be glad to hear from you , but I know you must be nervous .
tr	O	Rage came over me , but before I could do anything , a wave of calmness slammed into me .
tr	I	His hands are shaking , and his eyes are blazing at me .
tr	I	This man just brought out the worst in her , but she knew she sounded belligerent .
tr	O	She pulled back the covers and her feet hit the soft cream carpet .
tr	I	Mam did love it so much , and it was such a small thing .
tr	O	Dallas takes a second to compose her thoughts , and it 's like I can see her hardening herself against them .
tr	I	A faint breeze rustled the branches , and Pale trees lined the road here .
tr	O	I was sure the two drugs were compatible , but the responsibility still lay with Frank 's doctor .
tr	O	It was a weirdly motherly gesture from her , and it was more unsettling than comforting .
tr	O	She moaned into his mouth and her fingernails sank into his shoulders .
tr	I	I know what is going on and it 's as if I know who is behind it .
tr	I	It 's a lie nonetheless but maybe who 've told yourself that lie enough that you believe it .
tr	I	He performed them with exacting skill when duty required it of him , and he accepted that executions were sometimes necessary .
tr	I	With that simple gesture , he felt an enormous weight just tumble right off his shoulders , and Pendleton shrugged .
tr	O	The bell had finally rung and Lea was waiting for Azalea after class .
tr	I	She backed away from him , and he moved closer to Jane .
tr	I	I think it 's too long in coming , and it 's time for a change , Ben .
tr	I	Her fingers curled into the furs she lay on and her hoarse exclamation rang out .
tr	I	It was better than nothing , but Annie doubted whether a half-hour would be sufficient time to sober him up .
tr	I	We 've never connected , and we 've orbited each other for years .
tr	I	There was a thrilled glow in his eyes , but he had flattened himself against the wall , his arms in front of him protectively .
tr	O	Her reporter sense was tingling and now she had to know the story .
tr	I	He didn 't even bother to try , but I held back a groan , just barely .
tr	I	It still didn 't reveal much , but Fire shot out of it .
tr	O	More questions burn in Noah 's eyes , but he is nice enough not to ask .
tr	I	Her eyes were rolled back in her head , but she still breathed .
tr	O	Andy was sure he could resist interrogation , but he wasn 't so sure about Tim .
tr	O	He moaned and she sighed .
tr	I	Joni flinched and he slapped his hand on the wood .
tr	I	To his credit he didn 't try to claim she hadn 't interrupted anything , but when she stood back up , he was frowning .
tr	I	She frowned , and one person in particular caught her attention .
tr	O	My mouth gaped open but no words came out .
tr	O	Ned knew she was right and he quickly sat up to don them , grimacing at the pain , even as she found more layers for herself .
tr	I	Now the situation had begun to disintegrate , but the problem had been resolved easily enough .
tr	O	The sole of his shoe clipped the handle , but he was unable to get any purchase .
tr	I	She was the right size for everything else , but Reacher guessed she was too tall for ballet .
tr	I	The mission is wrapped , but Nice try , lover .
tr	I	My mind wanders in spite of myself , and my eyes stray to Jill once more .
tr	O	He held his hand out and I let him help me up .
tr	I	Then the ship began to scream , and teams of other men came to quickly roll them away .
tr	O	They 've called the police , and we 've made our point now .
tr	I	I wish that I hadn 't taken the white pills today , and my sense of well-being has been interrupted by Lacey 's suspicions .
tr	O	She really wanted to explore the house to see if anything else familiar popped up , but she needed to pace herself .
tr	I	The first of Megan 's guests poured into our house , and the front door opened .
tr	O	He doesn 't say much , but he 's a chick magnet .
tr	I	There 's nothing affectionate about the gesture , but Lennox hand moves from my nape to my face .
tr	O	The entire block had been hit , and the grey metal poles lined the sidewalk like victims of a mass decapitation .
tr	O	She picked up the pace and they both ran as fast as they could down the black iron staircase to the ground below .
tr	O	Throwing Kaz had cost her what little strength she had left , and she doubted she could walk up the six flights of stairs .
tr	I	It suddenly occurred to me that maybe I didn 't want to live a normal life , and I glanced over at Angus again .
tr	O	I never thought about it , but we do it every day .
tr	O	Maybe I would wake up and I would be normal again .
tr	I	Empty plates disappeared and Food appeared .
tr	O	Ellie 's eyes were wide , and she fidgeted with her hands .
tr	I	Urging him to stop wasn 't going to work , and he was taking in too much , too fast .
tr	I	I grabbed her arm to stop her and she reached for the door handle .
tr	I	I could just make out the outline of his smile in the dark and he turned his face to me in the darkness .
tr	I	I heard rustling and he exhaled roughly .
tr	O	The guy she 'd been talking to was gone , and she was alone for the moment , biting her lip as she looked around the room .
tr	I	She was tired , but their intentions were good .
tr	I	I must turn my attention to the ones at night , but I 've determined how the daytime seances have been faked .
tr	I	It was painted a dark chocolate brown , and it was a three bed roomed house .
tr	I	He knew how hard it would be to let her go and now he had helped to make a fascinating woman of that child .
tr	O	I became impatient very quickly when he kept things from me , and he seemed to be taking that risk more frequently .
tr	I	Then he is upon me , and his answer is a murmur .
tr	I	I park my car in the open lot , and the court , still empty , faces the beach .
tr	I	It stopped in front of our house and he turned to watch it drive by .
tr	I	He started to remove his jacket , and he could do something about that .
tr	I	It did take me quite a while but I don 't know why I waited this long to ask him about my brother .
tr	O	It was like a tune in his head , and if he stopped paying attention for a second it would come up again .
tr	O	It wasn 't brown , but it wasn 't red .
tr	I	I know where to hit them , and I recognize every alien I see from my time in the training helmet .
tr	O	I would never admit this to Ivy but Bryn is pretty damn hot plus she 's so nice .
tr	I	The more I looked the more I found , yet this is running beyond the story .
tr	O	Then his hand slid up my bare leg , and I was lost again .
tr	O	The porcelain sink is speckled with blood and muddy boot prints track the tile floor .
tr	I	It was locked , but Ali rattled the knob .
tr	O	Judd directed those words at Agent Briggs , but Locke was the one who replied .
tr	I	She limped as quietly as she could across the road and Rachel helped her to her feet .
tr	O	It was the reaction I wanted from Olivia , but now I 'm afraid it 's been jeopardized .
tr	I	He could talk to her and maybe Abbey would be there .
tr	I	She started to shiver and the air grew colder still .
tr	I	I was ashamed of my weakness , until I felt Thornton 's big hand on my arm , and Hard tremors shook through me .
tr	I	Ridley couldn 't put her finger on it , but there was something strange about the way he said it .
tr	O	A cold wind blew through Jimi , yet he was the sweetest cat .
tr	I	Ty was impressed , and they moved quietly .
tr	I	There was a strange look in his eyes , but half of his face was shadowed .
tr	I	For the hundredth time , I wanted to kick myself for not seeing him before for who he was , and my eyes searched his face .
tr	O	Lola wasn 't much of a secretary , but she was pretty good at my type of recreation .
tr	O	A minute passed and the lion still hadn 't attacked .
tr	O	She 'd said yes to his proposal , but it wasn 't because she loved him .
tr	I	He thought it would be enough , but it was as much of an opening to talk about their argument this morning as he could offer .
tr	O	He is a sight to behold , but it doesn 't end here .
tr	I	Then we 'd make phone calls , and we 'd go shopping for supplies .
tr	I	White people circumcise boys , but White people think it cruel .
tr	I	It was too strong , but he grabbed the metal hand with his hands attempting to break out of its grip .
tr	O	Guest housing was in one of the other venerable buildings , and we cut through a courtyard to get there .
tr	O	They each took a bite from the cake , and it was delicious .
tr	I	Academic methodology is questionable and the faculties are sub-standard .
tr	I	Talas wanted this more than her own life -- and she also knew if Aura got her secret out , then she might resume a happy life .
tr	I	Many of the explanations were of the more supernatural kind , but most were accompanied by an earthly explanation .
tr	O	Will holds the paper up in front of him that contains the tallied scores , and he rips it right down the middle .
tr	O	The gesture probably looks casual to Cricket , but Max 's muscles are strained .
tr	I	The song began , and the lights dimmed .
tr	O	She began to breathe faster , and her brow began to sweat .
tr	I	Now he wants to have a meal with me , and I punched him in the nose two days ago ?
tr	O	There was a little pain , but I didn 't have an orgasm .
tr	O	It lasted a few moments , and then all was quiet .
tr	I	I feel like we 're missing something , but I know what the words mean now .
tr	O	Kat looked at Hale , but his mother talked on .
tr	O	Yeah , he was bigger than she 'd thought , and it wasn 't all in regard to his muscles .
tr	I	It certainly gave him a feeling of security but he might no longer be used to wearing a holster .
tr	I	That was when they discovered their first dinosaur and Professor Smith had only bought lunch one other time for the entire crew .
tr	O	I had bound myself to the curse , and the curse held me in its grip .
tr	I	It felt like a gift , and their laughing even made me smile a small bit .
tr	I	Duke knew it , and doing the job to Raptor , even at a house show , was big news .
tr	I	I turn around , and she calls again .
tr	I	The thought is still bittersweet , but it is what I want .
tr	I	Mr. Leeson handed me back my paper , graded and I looked up .
tr	I	He gestured with a flourish , and the doors finally slid open .
tr	I	She rested her hands on his shoulders , and he reached up to hold her hips .
tr	O	He was lying , and he knew it .
tr	I	Even so , he was probably stronger than most men , but he wasn 't at his own personal peak of strength .
tr	O	I winced at my first step across the road , but the going got easier as I walked .
tr	I	I almost swung myself into him , and he stood just inside the door .
tr	I	I lowered myself into the passenger seat , and he opened the car door for me .
tr	O	The bleeding on her leg had stopped and his hand rested on her knee .
tr	I	My boxers twitch at the touch of her skin , and I glide my hand over her bare arm .
tr	I	Flames licked at her body , and colors whirled in her head .
tr	O	You came in yesterday to finish these bloody reports , and now you 're all coy about taking your entitlements .
tr	I	The rest of me was eager , but the front of me was sore .
tr	O	I try to act nonchalant , but at the same time I 'm way too curious to let it slide .
tr	I	It was afraid and it was angry .
tr	O	He 'd take Becky over and she could pick up the Jeep .
tr	O	Amy asked , flatly , and I shook my head .
tr	I	The indication was missing altogether , but typically , this would 've been labeled on the back .
tr	O	I don 't how we 're going to do it but at some point , we have to see if we can salvage something from it .
tr	O	The sky was beginning to take on a tint of darkness and I knew my father would be calling it night soon .
tr	I	Then I pul ed away , knowing Claire was anxiously waiting , and his mouth lingered on mine .
tr	O	The pain was lessening and I flexed my fingers .
tr	I	He moaned at the motion , and she rubbed herself against him .
tr	I	I wouldn 't start now , and I had never harmed a woman .
tr	I	She winced , and he went to sit on the couch beside Jane .
tr	I	That 's all that really mattered and she felt like herself .
tr	O	We settled onto the couch and he pressed play .
tr	O	He had a feeling she didn 't want to talk about it and it was time to change the topic .
tr	I	They were just two normal girls , no wraiths , no Immortals and the sun was shining .
tr	O	I had one more question , and having come this far , I knew I had to ask it .
tr	I	The noxious odor of burning tortilla chips permeates the air and a loud hiss comes from the corner of the kitchen .
tr	I	It 's going to be great and the guys will be here tonight .
tr	O	I also had no idea how long I had been away , but I enjoyed the feeling of the wind blowing across my face .
tr	I	I ponder it for a moment and I am startled at that word .
tr	I	She winced , and one of the blades pierced her thigh .
tr	O	John squeezed the trigger , and the creature was blown away with a quickly fading scream .
tr	I	It fell from the tree , and Josh fired two shots at the bear .
tr	I	A man picked it up and the phone rang out for a moment .
tr	I	He won 't let me go , but I yank harder .
tr	O	It would be another night of little sleep , and he was suddenly grateful for his unexpected nap .
tr	O	His hair had broken free of the bandages and it streamed down his back in a long dark wave .
tr	O	She smiled and standing on her tiptoes she kissed him gently .
tr	O	His eyes widened , and his mouth dropped open .
tr	I	I didn 't want to discuss it anymore , and I broke up with her .
tr	O	Staffan had come from the streets , and there would be no changing that .
tr	O	Several other screens were split between more cameras mounted on the vehicle , but Dax recognized where they were based on the forward looking display .
tr	O	Theoretically I was , but it hadn 't been my intention to sleep my way up the career ladder .
tr	O	The liquid she pressed in burned , a little at first , and then so badly I clenched one of my hands into fists .
tr	O	I tried to cancel , but the class is mandatory .
tr	I	We needed to act fast ... and I had a good idea of who was behind this .
tr	I	I wasn 't letting him seek revenge and I wasn 't moving to Texas .
tr	I	The plate caught the damage , but Syrup dripped off .
tr	O	His nostrils flared and his eyes narrowed .
tr	O	Michelle was in the back , taking care of some paperwork , and the other girls had gone for the day .
tr	O	I pull it open and it creaks with age .
tr	O	My stomach growled , and my heart leaped .
tr	O	Jase is already swimming fast and I hurry to catch up .
tr	O	I lose him for a few seconds and then find him again , several yards ahead , turning right at the next hallway .
tr	I	Any sort of reprieve helped her mentally to get through this , but it was only a small sense .
tr	I	Every time I check over my shoulder , no one 's there , but I can 't shake the feeling that there 's something following us .
tr	O	I know I can 't , and I don 't know why I feel like I have to .
tr	O	Chapter 17 The sun barely penetrated the mist drawing inland from the ocean , and Gia flipped the kitchen light switch , instantly brightening the kitchen .
tr	O	My house is just around the corner , but I 'm not ready to be home .
tr	O	I expected fire to soon surround us , but it didn 't .
tr	I	I loved her for it , and she was such a mom .
tr	O	You want me here just as much as I want to be here , and I know it .
tr	I	I glanced at him and Roth took my hand in his .
tr	I	It 's a risk that I 'm willing to take , but I know that this may very well be a setup .
tr	O	The next card didn 't change much , but nonetheless I began to feel nervous .
tr	I	The ship didn 't stop , and the pilot continued pressing buttons .
tr	I	I slept for the majority of it , so I didn 't mind it much , but the flight was long .
tr	I	Her eyes were sweet , but her voice was tart .
tr	O	Not that I didn 't deserve it , but damn , it sucked .
tr	I	His hard eyes are fixed on Gage in a narrowed glare , but Dax 's hand is on my shoulder .
tr	O	We were meeting here , and Katie was going to drive to the club .
tr	I	Sophie had been crying at the end of the night , and they 'd raised over fifty thousand dollars at that event .
tr	I	He wasn 't nearly as smooth as he thought , but Marcus dragging his date to the Applebee 's two towns over was inconvenient .
tr	O	She was everything I dreamed about in a woman , and for these few days , she belonged to me .
tr	O	They had a nice quiet dinner and Luis listened to the old guy talk about his late partner .
tr	I	They got up later , but some , it shook to the ground .
tr	O	That 's where it 's coming from , but it 's facing an odd direction .
tr	O	He 'd raised her after their parents died and it had been pretty tough for a while .
tr	O	Frowning , he stepped closer to the door , listening intently , and that was how Biddy found him when she opened the door .
tr	I	Her descent slowed with a feeling like she was connected to an elastic band , and she abruptly tipped the rod in the other direction .
tr	I	The sheriff was struggling to get his gun out of the holster , and he was now screaming .
tr	O	Kelsey nudged Emily closer to the edge , and Emily let out a scream .
tr	I	After going over everything , I see how badly I fucked it up ... but I really did .
tr	I	I still needed as many of those as I could get , but I might be different now .
tr	I	You left me standing there like an idiot while you left with her , but you were on a date with me .
tr	O	His heart was beating quickly , but his mind was strangely blank .
tr	I	His head snapped around so quickly it sent painful twinges down his neck and a cold wind fogged across him then .
tr	I	The hands which had laboured so long to build them fell down with their creations into the abyss and they toppled over .
tr	I	Certainly it wasn 't the first time Candace had witnessed it , but her little brother could be a hothead .
tr	I	He went to kick it away , only to clip Red 's shin and a startled rat dashed across Billy 's foot .
tr	O	My mouth dropped open again and she smiled at me .
tr	O	I hated to admit it , but hers was brighter than the one I still sported .
tr	I	The moonlight caught a glint of a discarded tool on the ground , and a tarp flapped next to her .
tr	I	When he needed her most , she was there , and in turn she learned to read his tiniest expressions .
tr	I	Over half of the material on the floor was shredded , and anything fragile had been broken .
tr	O	He 'd never lost himself with someone before and he 'd have bet she felt the same .
tr	I	He could do nothing to prevent it , and she could change her mind .
tr	O	The man faced us again , began to speak , but something in Trenton 's eyes made the man think better of it .
tr	I	Its teeth dripped fire and the face grinned .
tr	O	I still didn 't know if I bought the idea of mind control in the tattoos , but I let him go on .
tr	O	She was my friend and I loved her dearly .
tr	O	There was a knock on the door and a servant entered , carrying a tray .
tr	I	I felt myself tear apart and tears streamed down my face .
tr	I	They 'd yet to make love , and Riley was scheduled to ship out sometime early the following week .
tr	I	The computer wouldn 't let him , but he tried to delete the files .
tr	I	Their conversations were quite short , but they have been talking on the phone from time to time .
tr	I	She loved getting lost in them , but his blue eyes were so intense .
tr	O	Furst bowed and his hands unconsciously smoothed the front of his black magistrate 's robe .
tr	O	Ares threw out his arm , and several things happened within a matter of seconds .
tr	I	I did the same , and everyone raised their goblets .
tr	O	There were a lot of things New York City did better than Hollywood , but hotel suite bathrooms were definitely not among them .
tr	O	She smiles like she is obviously trained to do to guests , but I see the obvious signs of stress behind her eyes .
tr	I	Soon she stopped wiping them away and another teardrop slipped down her cheek .
tr	O	When I got to it , I was able to see who it was , and boy was the hostess right about me owing her one .
tr	O	She 'd had some pretty miserable excuses for boyfriends , and I guess she liked a bit of stability .
tr	O	I got to the top of the stairs and he pulled a small scrap of paper from the pocket in his sweatshirt .
tr	I	I desperately did want to dream about her again ... and I didn 't want to dream about her again .
tr	I	His pale eyes gleamed at that proud motion , and she lifted her chin .
tr	O	There was a moon , giving enough light to see by , but that also meant she could be seen .
tr	O	He let me leave first and I didn 't talk to him again for the rest of the day except at dinner .
tr	I	Ren used to admire Ruth for managing to get along with her , and Mrs. Bingley was one of the nastiest women in Marietta .
tr	O	The museum was free to the public , but Gray flashed his glossy black I.D. card to the guard who manned the metal detector .
tr	I	It has to do with the rather insular life I 'd lived for so many years , but I know that sounds odd .
tr	I	I could tell I had missed the lunch rush , but I served up a couple of bowls .
tr	I	When they were together , they were almost combustible , but he already knew they were incompatible long-term .
tr	I	His pulse took off and when Clay saw it sitting majestically on the ramp at Reagan National , his heart leaped .
tr	O	Hannah smiled in return , but she was also studying him with interest .
tr	O	Where it went , they didn 't know , but it was a necessary risk .
tr	O	The grounds supervisor advised the players that the course was in great shape and the pin positions were set-up tough .
tr	O	This world was ours for the taking to reclaim what was once lost and no news story was going to stop that .
tr	O	I squint my eyes and that helps my vision .
tr	I	No one else was in evidence , but he glanced around .
tr	O	She shook her head , searching for the words to describe the awful terror that had engulfed her , and then she burst into tears .
tr	I	The occupants were afraid to open their doors , but they knocked on doors of neighbors they barely knew .
tr	I	It didn 't last long but well , he was at one time .
tr	O	Her gaze finally locked on Robert and the glow of her eyes intensified .
tr	I	They want to enjoy the sights , and they have worked hard to get to Kaskaskia .
tr	O	He didn 't immediately see her , but when he did , a slow smile crossed his face .
tr	I	I didn 't want it to be right , but I knew what she was saying was right .
tr	I	I was swearing , and he was swearing .
tr	I	To Emma it feels more like a nightmare -- even though nothing bad has happened , but Ethan calls it an adventure .
tr	O	A puzzled look crossed her face and she reached deeper .
tr	O	Sean said nothing , but he looked skeptical .
tr	I	What I do see is more than enough for me to know that this guy is hot , but I don 't see much of the CEO .
tr	O	A very long time seemed to pass , and he fell into a kind of doze .
tr	I	I swear his belly jiggled like a bowl full of my dad 's homemade grape jelly , and he burst out with a jovial laugh .
tr	O	It was a lot harder than I had anticipated , and Ash was frustrated with my inability to be girly .
tr	O	She hadn 't said anything to Joe yet , but their daughter had dropped a bombshell .
tr	O	Karina was sweet as honey , but there was no harsher taskmaster in all the palace .
tr	I	Water ran down her hair in rivulets , and she was wearing a thin white dress , now soaked from the rain .
tr	I	She didn 't answer but I sensed her nodding .
tr	O	We don 't know what His intentions are but we certainly don 't want to make someone as powerful as Him angry .
tr	I	The flickers began almost as soon as I closed my eyes , but I tried to sleep .
tr	O	A couple of times he tried to strike up a conversation but she refused to engage in pointless chitchat .
tr	O	The Taser was still in my hand , and I held it tight to my breast .
tr	O	He wouldn 't trust a stranger with his sister , but getting to know more about Dee certainly had merit .
tr	I	It sparks barely a foot away from Day , but this time the bullet misses the brothers .
tr	O	Heather Black might be a stupid cow , but I basically agree with her .
tr	O	With the night surrounding them and the stars shining upon them .
tr	O	Out of habit , I tried to answer , but all that came out was a half meow .
tr	I	I would certainly be protected , but Ricky might be in danger .
tr	O	No one was dividing up the stolen cash , and no one would be looking for me , to reclaim my share .
tr	O	Signs of spirit use had been recorded over the centuries , but no one had really realized it was its own element .
tr	O	He shrugged , but he couldn 't hide the gleam of excitement in his eyes .
tr	O	It felt like preparing to jump off a building , with nothing but his trust in the sword to assure him he could land it .
tr	I	I assumed he had skills I 'd never seen , and I also knew Claude was stronger than I was .
tr	I	Also her look of innocence , but her appearance set them apart .
tr	O	He slapped my ass lightly and I wiggled beneath him .
tr	I	His tortured expression remained , but the dream was gone .
tr	O	Dreams didn 't generally come to me so quickly , but today they did .
tr	I	Toby returned the greeting , and some even nodded a cautious ' Good evening ' .
tr	I	The guys from our group have been doing fencing for four years and you 're an amateur .
tr	I	I felt my own fade a little , and it was a sad kind of smile .
tr	O	I 'd provide an assistant , but I 'm hoping that they 'll do that for you .
tr	O	She tugged on his hand and they turned for the door .
tr	O	Eldest sent me outside to help with repairs , and I know that Godspeed is showing her age .
tr	O	I can do this alone and you can visit with Francesca .
tr	I	He 'd just stumbled out of the desert and he was staring at her like she was a long tall glass of ice water .
tr	O	Most likely they would be married off to whomever needed a wife , and the girls would not even have a say in their futures .
tr	I	That told me little , but she claimed to be a graduate student at the national university .
tr	I	The lines around his eyes relaxed and she gave him a soft smile .
tr	I	Around him the heaps of bones broke , and a dry wind rustled .
tr	I	The city was pretty crowded and it was the week before Christmas .
tr	I	It didn 't matter but the movie they saw had more special effects than story line .
tr	O	His condo wasn 't big , but it suited him .
tr	O	I 've never heard a father talk to his son like that before , and our old neighborhood wasn 't exactly full of model families .
tr	I	I brushed the boy in the wolf suit instead , but I reached for his book .
tr	I	They 're fighting the wrong battle , but they say the chemo will help .
tr	O	One hurt , another dead , and the leader looked stone tired .
tr	I	She couldn 't bring herself to get closer than a few feet , but she couldn 't tell if he was breathing .
tr	O	A spark of suspicion ignited in my head and I started to doubt Kron 's motives .
tr	O	Gabriel was behind those doors somewhere , and she desperately wanted to see him .
tr	I	He tried to thank them , and they crowned him with the loop .
tr	I	The only sound is that of the rain pounding on our ceramic tile roof and it 's still dark outside .
tr	O	His legs were covered by Warrior blue sweats and his white socks were stuffed into a pair of those athletic sandals .
tr	I	I didn 't deny it but I didn 't admit it .
tr	I	Yeah , I got caught , and yeah , it was illegal .
tr	I	The man stepped ahead of her , but Sophie exclaimed .
tr	O	The vivid paint of the past had flaked away , and the bulbs adorning their exteriors had been shattered .
tr	I	Maybe it 's just physical , but Chapter 24 I think I 'm happy .
tr	O	Tears filled my eyes and I didn 't care .
tr	I	He nodded his head , encouraging me to continue , and his eyes widened .
tr	O	Adrenaline coursed through her veins , and her hands began to tremble .
tr	I	Nick picked me up , while I wrapped my legs around his waist and the towel dropped to the floor .
tr	O	My eyes snap open and I feel eerily calm .
tr	O	Stan Musial was a lot of things , but he 'd never pitched before .
tr	I	He regularly rubbed elbows with the scum of the earth , and he lived in luxury in Jakarta now .
tr	O	The skin at the open collar of his shirt glistened with perspiration , and there were damp patches on his clothes .
tr	I	Gina , along with other rebels , firing their rifles at the guards and I turned to see him .
tr	I	I can 't grasp onto anything coherent , but I open my mouth to change topics .
tr	O	It gave an ominous click , and the boy gasped .
tr	O	Her hair is pulled back , and just as I hoped , her shorts are better classified as a belt .
tr	O	He had half a million in cash and he needed to get rid of it .
tr	O	Then I met you and ... and it just seemed impossible that you had anything to do with it .
tr	I	I don 't know ... And we just need to find the person , the man , that goes with those footprints and .
tr	O	The parlor door opened and her father walked in .
tr	I	A large knife was roughly stabbed into the cardboard and on top of a stack of boxes was an open can of peaches .
tr	I	I didn 't trust that and people like that were usually two faced .
tr	I	That had created a job opening and three people from the radio station had died .
tr	O	The growling was about to start , and Luna was not ready for it .
tr	O	I knew I had acted like a brat at training , but that was no cause for total rudeness !
tr	O	I don 't say it but I do .
tr	O	The scene initially makes me smile , but Mr Miller looks furious .
tr	O	The flames ran into the cargo bay , and the airship exploded in a fireball .
tr	I	Your honor is everything and you are a warrior without equal .
tr	O	I ain 't going to stop , but ya won 't get too far .
tr	I	I 'll find that this is only a dream ... Only a dream ... Only a dream ... She slept , and this will be over soon .
tr	I	Everyone released a collective breath as we fell into the comfortable ritual of a wedding , and an unseen cellist began to play .
tr	O	Even coming this far had been a terrible effort , but she needed this to put the pain to rest .
tr	O	Her cheeks flush a little and I wonder what she 's thinking about .
tr	I	I was close , but I wasn 't asleep when he came back .
tr	I	She was beaming at me , waiting , and there was a flower in her hair .
tr	O	Harlow Blaire spotted me the moment we stepped into the ballroom , and she made her way toward us .
tr	O	Everyone 's lives are important , and we all play a role .
tr	I	The chain separated and he unhooked it .
tr	O	Zander asked , but Bonnie didn 't answer .
tr	I	Jax seemed confident that I could , and this bike looked like it would be fun to drive .
tr	O	Tristan starts laughing and I shake my head , breathing profusely .
tr	O	She drops a spoonful of pancake mix onto the griddle and the kitchen fills with the sizzling sound .
tr	O	The old man tried to speak -- but his final words were lost to eternity .
tr	I	His eyes followed hers , and Richard 's hand gently patted onto her own .
tr	O	My nose wrinkled and I leaned away .
tr	O	There had been so many warnings , and I had ignored them all .
tr	I	Then he leaned in , kissing me tenderly , and Trenton gently cupped my jaw in his hands .
tr	O	On top of that , he was working for her , which might only be temporary , but that was another problem altogether .
tr	O	She could never get enough of that body , and he was always so ... ready for her .
tr	I	He was sleeping silently , but I dashed down the hall to his room .
tr	O	I looked over at Levi to get his take , but he just shrugged .
tr	O	Toby had caused me more harm than Tristan , and I trusted Toby just fine .
tr	O	Three are true , and one is not .
tr	O	I stared a bit too long before I waved and she waved back .
tr	O	Christmas was beginning for the students and the station was that much emptier .
tr	I	She loved all of him , but she might not understand .
tr	O	They scrambled aboard and the landscape lurched again as the beast jacked itself back on to its feet .
tr	I	Ethan found his first , but I reached for mine .
tr	O	You are an ancient and the strength of your love is vast .
tr	I	Heads would explode , in a manner similar to what Lissa could do but he 'd have to be close to do it .
tr	I	I don 't know everyone , of course , but at least as far as I know .
tr	I	Now he was here , and she 'd wanted him for so long .
tr	O	Her shoulders slumped forward and she yelped once more .
tr	I	I couldn 't put my finger on where I 'd seen it , but there was something about the structure that looked vaguely familiar .
tr	O	She 'd heard Pete speak his name , and Carter had returned .
tr	I	Her fingerprints were all over them , and he felt the screws tightening around his heart .
tr	I	I 'll be making a change , or get results .
tr	O	Gone was the scent of cologne and the air was not tainted by the smell of blood either .
tr	I	You chemists are ten a penny , but no offence meant , of course .
tr	O	Shards of pain speared up through her leg , into her hip and she winced .
tr	O	I know that some bad things happened , but in the end , even the dark side of you chose the path of light .
tr	I	That includes our wives , and we simply do not discuss our client 's business with anyone .
tr	I	When the bearded hunter stood in front of the Tunnel of Lights it looked absolutely menacing but it looked daunting enough from a distance .
tr	I	She looked at me , and her eyes opened .
tr	O	They knew it , and they were afraid .
tr	I	I didn 't move it off my chest , but I blushed .
tr	I	He did want understanding , but Neil didn 't want pity .
tr	I	It went to his voice mail but I tried to get Merrill first .
tr	I	The argument I expected to come flying out didn 't , but I opened my mouth .
tr	O	Someone was following close on his heels but she couldn 't see who it was .
tr	I	Yet Julian was pulling her onward , and she could feel the children staring after them , their children .
tr	I	The results unpredictable and the formula is inherently unstable .
tr	O	Oliver took Leslie 's hand , and they walked into the living room .
tr	I	Phoebe loved being in his arms , and Hutch had kissed her several times .
tr	I	Then Chelsea spoke , and there was a silence on the other end of the phone .
tr	O	Her belly flipped at the thought and her cheeks warmed .
tr	I	She is charging full steam ahead , and I 've just met her once .
tr	I	He demands that I rest as often as possible , but this is much to Cisco 's delight .
tr	O	He studied what he could see of her , but it was difficult to identify nuances of expression .
tr	I	Pa has been acting strange lately and the village seemed too quiet today .
tr	O	Most of the stone houses were completely derelict , and all the inhabitants had long since moved on .
tr	I	She was a goner or she had to think of something else .
tr	I	Selena didn 't feel herself any easier , but that should 've been a welcome break from the street heat .
tr	O	Her heart raced and her palms moistened .
tr	I	We sprang apart , and the phone rang , shrill in our quiet room .
tr	O	He drove a 1969 Volkswagen Beetle , and a photo of it was flashed on the wall , taking the place of his face .
tr	O	Sal had told her Ngorongoro Crater was sometimes referred to as Africa 's Eden , and now she understood why .
tr	I	I 'm your friend , but I won 't claim to understand it .
tr	O	He has actually got a great singing voice too , and he sings all the time .
tr	O	I had set out to find Isaac , but in passing Zia 's bedroom door on the way to his , I just have to stop .
tr	O	I felt that everyone in the library was watching us , and I was right .
tr	O	I found the one of the four of them , and I reached for it .
tr	O	The angel motioned for the soul to enter , but the soul wasn 't going to go willingly .
tr	I	You can find that out easily enough , but I don 't know the number after all these years .
tr	I	If she could have found a way , she would have drained every bit of it from him , and that ocean could save Nika .
tr	I	His face turned white and James ' eyes widened .
tr	O	There was piped in music of the schmaltzy Christmas type , and a fair amount of people were skating .
tr	O	I opened my mouth , but there were no words .
tr	O	I told Wesley I wanted to work on my own project for Film Studies , and he agreed .
tr	O	He can 't wrestle the land from you , but he 's got enough power to make trouble .
tr	O	I knew he was at a local bar with his coworkers , and my heart leapt at seeing his message flash across the screen .
tr	I	He doesn 't have one and the guy checks his pulse .
tr	I	Dumb as a post , and evil to the core .
tr	I	The deep wound in his shoulder began adding to the pooled blood , and the king spun about from the ball 's momentum .
tr	I	Each time the same place was changed , but he usually returned to the same place .
tr	O	Rio said to get you out and that 's what I 'm doing .
tr	I	I felt him trembling , and the dog pressed close to my ankles .
tr	O	It was a quickly written note , but between the lines it gave the impression that he was in the thick of things .
tr	I	Jacqueline had her suspicions , but that was the reason he 'd given them .
tr	O	The races were attacked and they fled their planets .
tr	I	The walkways were empty and the regular classes had ended hours before .
tr	I	His touch is still gentle , but his palms have grown calloused .
tr	O	There is nothing overtly sexual about the pose and if anything , the contact appears fatherly .
tr	I	This time it flew out from beneath the cabin as if strapped to a rocket , and the cat screamed again .
tr	O	He was still touching her , and she was far too conscious of his touch .
tr	I	I regretted the insult to my name and I required my house to be properly kept .
tr	I	His gaze remained captured by hers , but he broke out in a sweat .
tr	O	I 'll teach you and we 'll be in the canoe together .
tr	I	Bradley at the last moment realized that they needed to exchange emails , which they barely had time to do , and James was dropped off .
tr	O	They had the small ratchets the chains were threaded through and VIN ratcheted each one down tightening the load onto the wall off the space station .
tr	I	Hitting the liver tends to do more damage than regular body blows , but it does take time , that 's true .
tr	O	I tried to pull away , but Chase tightened his hold .
tr	O	I stood in the doorway , and he looked at me curiously .
tr	I	He seemed to draw strength from her , and she kissed the top of his head .
tr	I	His hands were shaking too badly , but he wanted to pick it up .
tr	O	I want you to focus on yourself and starting a career .
tr	I	Then I met Ross , but I never thought I 'd meet anyone who would make me betray him .
tr	I	What I saw had me on my knees in seconds , but my eyes flew open .
tr	O	Both were strong and neither would tire easily while on the hike in .
tr	I	They 're always poking around where they don 't belong , and they 're messy , noisy .
tr	O	He suspected her , and she knew it .
tr	I	It 's like he 's slipped into a comatose state , but I shake him by the shoulders .
tr	I	I stumbled from the impact and I let out a blood-curdling scream .
tr	O	The air was warmer than she expected , and several boats were just returning from a sunset tour , their small cabins dimly lit .
tr	O	Moonlight shimmering along the ocean surface fades and the water grows colder .
tr	I	They kind of seemed like his henchmen , but I wasn 't positive what that relationship was .
tr	I	She had to do this , but her heart sank .
tr	O	' Colonel ' used to be an earned title , but I inherited the role from my father .
tr	O	My eyes snap open and I look at him .
tr	O	He hesitated , but his hands began to slide over my body in that strong , confident , familiar way that always made me shiver with anticipation .
tr	I	He 'd dive into the booze and if something went wrong , it was everyone else 's fault .
tr	O	I nodded and she gasped .
tr	O	She had no idea what she was doing but she had to get out of the house .
tr	I	I didn 't understand how Mark could have become close to her , and I hated her for what she had done to my poor kitten .
tr	I	He gets to go into battle by himself and my brother 's not yet a hundred .
tr	I	I can still do something , but he can 't do anything with his research now .
tr	I	She was left alone in the strange sitting room and the door closed .
tr	I	There seemed to be a shadow behind the open door , but the room was empty .
tr	I	I was still keeping watch over the Grand Master at night for some reason , but Merrill had a room on another floor .
tr	O	He just about groaned with the pain of holding back but he knew she didn 't really want him to stop .
tr	O	She hated living out of suitcases , and her little sister knew it .
tr	O	Her jaw ached from her clenched teeth and her eyes were narrowed in intense concentration .
tr	I	His back flared with pain and his legs seemed to melt .
tr	O	Our clothes were considerably disheveled and my belt was loose .
tr	I	It started pouring rain , but the score was tied .
tr	I	It wasn 't , but I was so convinced the Manhattan was right .
tr	I	When the lion pounced on the fence , she let go of a scream as loud as his roar , but she hushed .
tr	O	He heard some gasping from under the pillow and after a few minutes , she stopped breathing .
tr	I	Here I am , yet I hate lying .
tr	I	The man 's creepiness was quickly erasing his alcohol buzz , but Ash knew that he 'd had more than enough to drink at the party .
tr	I	She tumbled down the pit , and Chapter Twenty-six The darkness surrounded Kylie the second her foot left solid earth .
tr	O	She thought she knew where this private conversation was going , and she didn 't want to get into it .
tr	I	She did not vanish , but she stood there mesmerized -- dazzled by his heartfelt confession .
tr	O	Both of you will have work visas and you , Lee , must find a job in any electronics company as soon as you can .
tr	I	I don 't want to do this anymore , but I don 't know what I came for .
tr	O	The cart rumbled into life again and they could feel it going upwards .
tr	O	He 's an indoor dog , and you have to eat food .
tr	O	His voice becomes softer and I strain to listen .
tr	O	He ate very little when the council broke for the noon meal , and he ate nothing when their dinner was set before them .
tr	O	My brain was racing at a thousand miles an hour and I wasn 't sure when it was going to calm down .
tr	O	I clipped the leash to her collar and she led the way outside to take care of her business .
tr	O	The huge silver Mercedes had no suspension left and the seats formed buckets that threatened to swallow her .
tr	I	She leaned into the kiss , telling him without words that she liked it and there wasn 't anything to be nervous about .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop tears from gathering in my eyes , and I shook my head to shake off the chills that flashed over my skin .
tr	I	What use to me was power , but maybe we were going to regain our power ?
tr	O	He could wait until the fire had burnt down to embers , but there was no saying that the shadowy assailants would wait that long to attack .
tr	I	He just shrugged , but Kristin shot Eddie a look .
tr	O	It was a medical facility , but unlike any they had ever seen .
tr	I	We hadn 't even kissed , yet I 'd been sleeping with him for a while now .
tr	I	None of them were less than what you 'd describe as tall but they were all varying heights .
tr	I	I 'd had so much weird in my life recently , I was interested in seeing where this was heading , but this was weird .
tr	I	Maryann rang the doorbell , and they walked up the stone pathway in the well-kept lawn .
tr	I	It 's plain he 's scared to death , but claims he saw nothing .
tr	I	I was being honest , but I hadn 't meant to come across as hurtful .
tr	O	She fell forward , but before she completely lost her balance , Charles caught her around the waist .
tr	O	He had his friendship with Ogg and he had a satisfying job designing computer fantasy games .
tr	I	We both saw the fire rekindle in his eyes as the night wore on , and I think we both knew that he was dangerous .
tr	I	She did have the ability to make any situation fun but she wouldn 't be much use as a coworker .
tr	I	She immediately answers and I knock once .
tr	I	Her cheeks turned pink , and Lady Aquitaine dropped another curtsey , her eyes on the ground .
tr	O	She felt the heat rise to her face and she was turning away , trying to hide her distress , when he spoke .
tr	O	Her back arched , and her eyes closed .
tr	O	he asked in a growl , and Charlie beamed at him brightly .
tr	O	I could tell he didn 't want to continue but I knew what he was about to say anyway .
tr	O	She peered through the peephole and her stomach did an involuntary flip .
tr	I	Much of the small chapel was left in shadow , and the candlelight was not very strong .
tr	I	It could be a deceiving feature to fool those who tried them on before purchasing , but there was a red background .
tr	O	His hands roamed over her chest , sparking trails of excitement , and she could feel his arousal thickening against her .
tr	O	He stared into her brown eyes and suddenly everything was okay .
tr	I	Regret washed through me anyway , but Jodie had already told me that .
tr	O	Her voice rose and the guard in the doorway took a step forward .
tr	I	The faint light in the sky was a welcoming sight but the warm air did nothing to cool his burning skin .
tr	I	I was willing to give it to her , and she looked like she needed a break .
tr	O	Mrs. Cup rapped on the driver 's side window , and we both turned to see the top of her head .
tr	O	She had worked so hard to protect me and now she was worried I would ruin everything .
tr	I	Already her butt was hurting and they 'd only gone for a little while .
tr	O	The shorter route would be through Watford , but that would also be riskier , with perhaps too much chance to ' lose ' him at roundabouts .
tr	I	When she pressed up behind him again , touching his bare back , he wanted to let go , and it fell away under her hands .
tr	O	Since I started dating Dara , I tried to contemplate the consequences of my actions before I acted , but I was impulsive .
tr	O	The door opened and Mulholland stood there with an easy smile .
tr	O	The release seemed to allow blood to rush into his cock , and an unexpected wave of ecstasy plowed through his body .
tr	I	It made her heart quiver and she could see a flicker of hope in his eyes .
tr	O	Seeing the horses brought back memories of his father 's death , and his anger boiled .
tr	I	It did little to quell his temper , but Rafe had to admit the truth of this statement .
tr	O	As I 'd suspected , the screen was locked , but that 'd be a problem for later .
tr	I	Her loss is felt deeply , and she sacrificed her life for us .
tr	O	Another bullet narrowly missed her , and she assumed that it scratched the edge of her armour .
tr	I	Grace straightened up the aisles until she heard the door jingle and Charlie went back to the office .
tr	I	Then I wondered why I felt bad about that , and I wondered if he was still stinging from Dad 's cut .
tr	O	Your face seems a little more chiseled , but maybe that 's because of your hair .
tr	O	Far from it , and I do understand the hopelessness of this situation .
tr	O	He sounded like he was on the edge of cracking , and I was trying not to laugh .
tr	O	A terrible sucking sound made Lara 's stomach churn , but she fought back the need to get sick .
tr	O	He tucked a stack of pillows behind her before ordering her to lie back , and then he stuck a few more under her feet .
tr	I	Without her , she felt adrift , and her sister had been her anchor .
tr	I	I hear him sniffle and he kisses me on the cheek .
tr	I	A lot of the crowd already have them but I was going to take thirty .
tr	O	She felt for his pulse , but he was dead .
tr	O	Our battalion was on the right , and the Third was on the left .
tr	O	The third guess is , maybe I 'm wrong and souls exist dressed in uniforms .
tr	O	She always said her mother was too involved , but at least her mother knew where she was .
tr	I	Even every time they took a hit , and he enjoyed every time he fired on the enemy , every time he evaded the enemy .
tr	O	You know that , but I 'm not .
tr	I	Now something was on her mind , and she came here for a reason .
tr	I	His whiskers created a dark shadow on his jaw and she loved it when his hair was ruffled from sleep .
tr	O	He stood too close , but she couldn 't seem to muster the energy to widen the gap between them .
tr	I	She was sure that the feeling was mutual and Amy hated the First Sergeant .
tr	I	I sneered at her , and she came into view .
tr	I	I can introduce to you the basic concepts , but I can 't teach that to you in a single session .
tr	I	It was the only backup , but he had an extra phone .
tr	O	I was right behind them and I could feel Andy just standing beside me .
tr	I	She went into another , much larger complex and the heavy door slid aside .
tr	O	She laughed and this time it was shrill .
tr	O	Her full lips pursed and her fingers curled into fists .
tr	O	Tomorrow , the gate to Earth would open and he would go through to find his daughters .
tr	O	He 'd made his choice and she needed to face reality .
tr	I	Caroline went rigid , and an arm slipped around her waist .
tr	O	He looked at her in the rearview mirror and his eyes burst into orange flame .
tr	I	Perhaps it was time to start making her own , and she also believed she could do with some good luck about now .
tr	O	Eventually Peter was allowed to rip the bag off his head and it was considered largely a joke by all in the corridor .
tr	I	We didn 't have lessons for three days and Merrill made me soak in the hot tub .
tr	I	Della could tell he felt it , too , and Chase stared at the image .
tr	I	Henry smiled , and he gurgled .
tr	I	I was dead , and he was gone .
tr	I	He had to know , but it was silly really .
tr	O	A few more rocks crumble underneath her grasp , and Serena can see spiky brown hairs begin to emerge from Liam 's skin .
tr	I	After he died , nobody came looking , but I 'd meant to return them .
tr	O	You 're supposed to be the best , but none of you can talk ?
tr	O	She had already discovered that the gypsy was acquainted with Gideon , but she had never sensed anything to fear in the old woman .
tr	I	He continued to block her , but Cassie glared fiercely at him .
tr	O	Gabriel had recovered well since that day , but the playfulness seemed to be gone from his eyes .
tr	I	I didn 't think that was possible and she was more perfect than I had thought .
tr	I	I was pissed , and I could tell that he was drunk right away .
tr	O	I wanted that trip to Paris so bad I was willing to do almost anything to get it and I did !
tr	I	I couldn 't think of anything to say , but she looked at me expectantly .
tr	I	I closed my eyes , and Anita grabbed my hands .
tr	I	Erin knows I do everything Coach tells me to do , but she 's right about secrets .
tr	I	Then remembered the castle was in a dead zone , and he took out his cell phone to dial Benji .
tr	I	They wouldn 't stand for being openly named as his lesser , not for long , but they might not claim to be Achilles ' better .
tr	O	We 've now had two murders that have taken place in the same building and no one has seen anything .
tr	I	His answer left her speechless , and as he looked at her , his expression was a mask of utter confusion .
tr	I	I 'll burst or I feel like I must talk to someone .
tr	O	Neenah 's face washed while , and she , too , was frozen , with the teacup still in her hand .
tr	O	The door swung open slowly , and Jace looked down at her from the doorway .
tr	O	Every man had a weakness and apparently she was his .
tr	O	His breath caught and I heard him swallow loudly .
tr	O	The lock clicked , and the door swung open , revealing Ava .
tr	I	He told me to mind my own damned business and I once made a critical comment on his relationship with Kirsty .
tr	I	After much pleading , my parents allowed me to accept the privilege , and the car manufacturers begged me to endorse their vehicle .
tr	I	There was no one she would rather ring in the New Year with than Darius , and Tomorrow was New Year 's day .
tr	O	He 'd never been with a woman before and his hormones were running rampant .
tr	O	A heaviness filled her chest and she recognized it as guilt .
tr	O	She claimed to love him , and she had a great son .
tr	O	Her legs folded , and she dropped to sit on the edge of the mattress .
tr	I	I knew they were making a good story of it , but I don 't know how they know I 'm here .
tr	O	Her dad was exactly the same , and I actually had a good time visiting with them .
tr	I	He got it and deep down he wanted this .
tr	O	The day became hot and the line slowed again .
tr	O	She starts to walk toward the aisle , but I don 't let her hand go .
tr	O	I 'd put her in danger and she 'd taken care of me .
tr	I	He could never see beyond the smoke , but he tried to see who aided him in the healing .
tr	O	This was fine , but the presence of so many others meant that he couldn 't take advantage of the closeness as he 'd like .
tr	I	Now it was boiling all over the place , and she 'd let the lid off her simmering , terrified anger .
tr	I	An inch of bubbly water covered the floor , and James 's wet shirt clung to his chest .
tr	I	The white bear on it didn 't have a single scratch on it , but the flag wasn 't in a very good condition .
tr	O	Touching myself was one thing , but Jacob spanking me out there ?
tr	I	I no longer care , and he turns his head to look at me .
tr	O	I 'm not sure what happened next , but Will said my screaming woke him up .
tr	I	Tomorrow promised to be considerably longer , and it had been a long day .
tr	I	I 'm touching his other side , but his gun rests on the rail of the ship .
tr	I	Something in my expression must have translated my resolve and I looked at both of them .
tr	O	The wheel tore through the steel bars , and the bars fell hard , bleeding sparks .
tr	I	In that moment Anna saw the ancient man beneath the young , immaculate skin and his back was turned .
tr	I	The groundwork was laid , but they planted the seeds for everything that followed , then they pulled out .
tr	O	He wanted Seth to be right , and he could sleep while God made it all better somehow .
tr	O	Dan tried to call him back for his physical , but Abby quieted her .
tr	I	He shrunk an inch and his eyes changed color .
tr	I	She stepped aside , avoiding his touch , but he reached out , his fingers going for the bruise on her jaw .
tr	I	He didn 't let his emotions stray , but it was hard to stay on course .
tr	I	I quickly pull my hand away and my eyes dart up to his .
tr	I	Just in case things got more adventurous she also threw in her black thong bikini , and she decided on her hot pink bikini .
tr	I	There 's something unreadable behind them but they 're boring into my face .
tr	O	The moon shone down on the plants and if we weren 't on such a disturbing mission , it would look beautiful .
tr	O	I have taken time to go through the day and I left the book after what happened .
tr	I	The wild gestures of the speaker communicated anger , but she couldn 't understand any of the words .
tr	O	The wind had veered to the south , and Ben was sailing a broad reach .
tr	I	He insisted , but I declined .
tr	O	She snapped the fingers back and the machete came loose .
tr	O	His eyes looked sunken in and his face was a pale white .
tr	O	It was like being surrounded by flesh that ran like water , and even that was not exactly true .
tr	O	He wore danger like a cloak , erotic danger , lethal danger , and there was a hard , granite edge to his expression .
tr	I	He left me in suspense , but in peril I waited for another strike from the creature .
tr	O	I might have felt safety in his presence , but I knew we were in danger .
tr	I	She knew he did not , but Bron very well might leave for hours at a time when these moods took her .
tr	I	He had no time to hesitate but it was hard to believe .
tr	O	We knew he was out there somewhere , but we never actual y saw him in person .
tr	I	I made friends with them and their dogs always came out .
tr	O	He found her beautiful ; so were countless other women , but there was something about Waters that was far more alluring .
tr	I	I couldn 't resist touching it one more time , but I wanted to draw my hand back in horror .
tr	I	He went out into the night to walk in the woods , and he told Mary to stop chattering , to stop bothering him .
tr	I	Anyone stand in my way again or I won 't let him .
tr	I	This guy would have turned heads anywhere but in a school of barely four hundred students any new kid was a standout .
tr	O	He leapt on the demon who 'd attacked me , and I once more attempted my binding .
tr	I	Her fingers dug into my back and we crashed together body against body .
tr	I	The cruiser didn 't have anything left to give , but they rolled a few more feet in the sand .
tr	I	Children played and people chattered .
tr	I	Her luck was going to change and perhaps the worm had finally turned .
tr	O	He looked down , and their gazes met .
tr	I	I eventually found it , but finding the bathroom we had used to take our shower was a little more difficult .
tr	O	It was already furnished and I just moved in .
tr	O	They were so adorable together and I loved seeing Evie happy all of the time .
tr	O	The feelings might have come upon them quickly , but it just felt right .
tr	O	He wanted her again , and yet he felt , what , sick ?
tr	I	It was Valium compared to being watched by Mister Teatime , but it is said that the prospect of hanging concentrates the mind wonderfully .
tr	I	His thumb stilled and one eye opened .
tr	O	Zane 's voice was firm and I slowly opened my eyes .
tr	I	Because we 'd already been getting conflicting information all day , we had an idea that something was up , and Hammond put in the call .
tr	I	He knew that it would never stay that way , but things had been quiet for a very long time .
tr	O	His expression didn 't quite match his words , but I appreciated his attempt to make me feel better .
tr	I	General Keller stepped in , stopping just inside the entrance and the door opened further .
tr	I	She was picking through the rubble , looking for the ones who could be saved and there were wounded everywhere .
tr	I	He wanted her to taste heaven , needed her to enjoy every pleasure he knew he could give , and this was her first time .
tr	O	I think a few of them are , but I can 't remember who right now .
tr	O	Actually , there would be no sunset for many hours , but in their hearts it blazed with glory .
tr	O	My emotions were running rampant and the hate that I thought I had buried came rushing back to me as I looked at her .
tr	I	There was no way I could turn down this opportunity , but I doubted his true motives .
tr	I	They were all fully armed and they were all standing at what could only be described as loose attention .
tr	I	He dived towards me on his knees , clamping a firm hand down on my mouth , but I screeched at him .
tr	O	It hurt to see the stressed look on her son 's face every time he came home from school , but there was nothing she could do .
tr	I	I said as much to her , and I wanted to believe that I 'd won Ruth 's heart on my own .
tr	I	He took Majestic from her stall and we followed him to the stable .
tr	O	There is something about his dark hair and athletic build that I find offensive .
tr	O	Deep down I believed he would have a good excuse and letting him make a bad grade had seemed cruel .
tr	O	They were fearsome warriors , but they were also slow , cumbersome behemoths that could potentially jeopardize the mission .
tr	O	Some people even step on her legs , but I make sure I walk around her .
tr	O	I just had to get through this and I would start to understand things again .
tr	O	The sound of the door closing registered in a small corner of her brain , but her lips kept themselves glued to Blake 's .
tr	O	The wound looked painful and I grimaced in empathy .
tr	O	My heart still hurt , and there would be more tears .
tr	I	He went for his racquet anyway , but Neil knew it was a bad idea .
tr	O	I am very happy that they 're okay , but the guilt I feel is drowning me .
tr	O	That was not what he had been about to say , but she was not at all certain that she desired to know the truth .
tr	O	Eating was difficult but she determinedly forced enough food down to display a reasonably good appetite , not wanting to raise any questions about it .
tr	I	In those moments of realisation , Prue knew she 'd made a mistake in forcing him to make love to her , and something was missing .
tr	I	You did worse than let evil beat you , and you walked away from the dragon .
tr	I	His foot remained firmly planted to the ground but he tried kicking it away .
tr	O	Cool air conditioning embraced her naked body , and she immediately glanced down at her thighs .
tr	I	He 's sorry and I believe him when he says he loves me .
tr	O	He couldn 't see any of them , and he prayed they 'd gotten to cover .
tr	I	I gave myself over to it and the darkness rose up within him to brush against my soul .
tr	I	As it whispered across his skin , it left a path of embers in its wake , and he could feel her breath upon his chin .
tr	I	Each was a spectacle to behold and each one had a golden animal emblazoned on it .
tr	I	She snapped her fingers and her eyes lit up .
tr	O	He hauled himself out of the hole , and Christopher helped him to his feet .
tr	I	Anyone coming in the front door would have a direct view of the space and he could open them .
tr	I	The fangs were glued on and maybe he was just a freak .
tr	I	It flies out with rod , landing almost perfectly in the water and Megan lifts her finger from the line .
tr	I	He scanned it and I handed him the sheet of music .
tr	O	I had some supplies left in my pack , and there was vending machine crap in the beginning .
tr	O	I tried to let her off easy but she wouldn 't take it .
tr	O	Mindi was afraid , and I couldn 't blame her .
tr	O	Red flashes were speeding across her field of vision and she was unable to focus on much of anything .
tr	O	Louisa made another little gasp as he kissed her again , and Fellows took advantage .
tr	I	Londoners were prone to look the other way , but that might mean witnesses could be found .
tr	O	He wanted me to join him in the moment and the moment was all there was .
tr	I	They both saw the view outside the base and the screen came to life .
tr	I	It was not her looks that captivated him , but this girl was beautiful , spectacular , perfect .
tr	O	I didn 't point out that someone had been with me all three times I 'd repaired cores and still I 'd experienced unconsciousness followed by exhaustion .
tr	O	The clan chief rarely exposed his formidable power in her presence , but when he did , she was wise enough to avoid trouble .
tr	I	He 's been with the Council , but he would 've come here .
tr	I	He lied to me and he tried to control me .
tr	I	I also know it can 't do any good , but I know one night can 't hurt .
tr	O	Her claws had receded , but her fingertips were strong .
tr	I	I knew that asking further about the escape would draw suspicion , but the news about Sofia 's escape was something I found delightful .
tr	O	His glasses were slightly askew and I reached out to adjust them .
tr	I	Barret lay awake well after the others had given in to sleep , but tiredness enveloped them quickly after that .
tr	O	Maybe he was coming to help her and she was panicking over nothing .
tr	O	I started down the corridor , but he called out to me .
tr	O	It 's just you and me in this bed .
tr	I	We just can have that and if we don 't try this , Gregory will be passed on by the end of the week .
tr	O	Vivian forced a laugh , but her body trembled with the emotion of the afternoon .
tr	I	Lacy tried not to feel self-conscious and there was a slight pause as the assembled group took in her dress .
tr	O	A look that meant the kind , loving father he knew was gone and the brutal military commander was there instead .
tr	I	Star handled it without difficulty , but the boat still rocked .
tr	I	With Angelina 's key , they entered through the backdoor , the one accessible entrance and he grabbed his flashlight .
tr	O	I am only five months younger than Lila , but for my mum it was a betrayal .
tr	O	The Valkyrie had a couple of plastic key cards in her hands , and she started threading her way through the crowd in my direction .
tr	I	The audience was bored and this was old territory .
tr	O	Everyone knows he 's mine , and besides , he 's microchipped .
tr	O	This has to be unlicensed tech , and we need to be careful .
tr	I	After the sniffing guy , I needed a hug , and one hug from him always made me feel better .
tr	O	Unfortunately Robert hadn 't seen much of any of them recently and when he stopped in Portsmouth , Elaine made her wishes known .
tr	I	Now I did , but I hadn 't understood him then .
tr	I	I felt like I had to help somehow but I had no idea what worse could be .
tr	I	The streams were larger , and the trees were larger .
tr	I	He didn 't mind but the gentle sway of her hips created images in his mind which only hardened his already aching body .
tr	O	She held the phone out and I could hear Mom sobbing .
tr	O	The NHS has to be transparent in these situations and that renders it extremely porous by default .
tr	I	Maybe I found it on the sidewalk , pocketed it for no reason , or tried to pass it off as a client of mine .
tr	O	The Chocolate Ogre was now her general , and she would do her job to the best of her ability .
tr	O	He calls out to me , but I keep running .
tr	O	Soon I was shivering and my teeth chattered so loud I was surprised it didn 't wake Elliot up .
tr	I	She picked up the empty briefcase , and it stopped on the fourth floor .
tr	O	I listened for her shoes on the wooden steps , but there was no sound .
tr	O	She hadn 't seen him in a year and looking at him now was like seeing heaven .
tr	O	I get dragged into a lover 's mess , and I 'm the one who gets blamed if it doesn 't work out .
tr	O	I called her from my car and she picked up after one ring .
tr	I	He 'd said it as if that was significant to me , and Marshall had said he was separated from Thea .
tr	O	He turned his head , and she saw his eyes .
tr	O	My family will understand no matter what we do , and I 've already explained the situation to my brothers .
tr	I	He wouldn 't have spent so much of the past few years trying to destroy himself , or that had to be the case .
tr	O	First was that she actually needed to pee , and she hoped there was a ladies room nearby .
tr	O	Neither was he , but all they could do was try .
tr	I	The deed is done and I 've fashioned a better noose .
tr	I	Both agreed that the new colour looked great and they looked at their handiwork .
tr	I	She blinked for the longest moment , before stunned eyes turned up to stare at me , and silent tears streamed down her cheeks .
tr	I	It wasn 't over yet , but no , things didn 't end up working out .
tr	O	My Donovan had been with me my whole life , and the shooting had only happened a few days ago .
tr	I	That realization was liberating and her heart had healed .
tr	O	Violent jolts of sheer pleasure coursed through her and she bit her lip , to the point that she tasted blood , to keep from crying out .
tr	O	She wrapped her arm around mine and we started walking up the stairs .
tr	O	I was right , and I was wrong .
tr	O	The lighting back here was good , but I glanced around carefully as I approached my patio gate .
tr	I	Her heart thumping in her chest and Tammy could feel her breathing hard .
tr	O	I take his hand and we move in the opposite direction .
tr	O	He 'd brought her here for protection and he 'd kill any man here before he 'd let them hurt her .
tr	I	They both broke into a series of manly back pats , and David hugged him .
tr	O	Ryan motioned with his chin for her to continue , and his nose tickled the top of my head .
tr	I	His silence was proof that he was already gone , but she was afraid of losing him .
tr	O	The details he sought only had three layers of security protection , and within a minute he 'd identified all the information he needed .
tr	I	She intended to deal with this latest interruption immediately , and his nursing appeared to be at an end .
tr	I	I 'm not screwing you , but I hate to disappoint you .
tr	I	The bison don 't go down there , and we hunt bison when we want meat .
tr	I	I can see right down her shirt and Cassie 's bending over to wipe Alyssa 's hands with a napkin .
tr	O	She laughed , but the sound was bitter .
tr	O	They were his sons , and he loved them both .
tr	I	Then I did sleep , and I pretended to sleep .
tr	I	I had to choose , and I could see it .
tr	O	The smile altered , and she leaned towards him , touching his hand , which surprised him .
tr	O	Yeah , I 'd walked away , but there wasn 't a chance in this godforsaken world that I could forget about her .
tr	I	He looked to be outside a city somewhere , but it was hard to tell from the angle .
tr	I	She took it and when she walked in , he offered out his hand .
tr	O	On the back was the outline of a land mass and there were places filled in with small lettering around the shaded regions .
tr	O	Little things she does remind me of Mason and it stings .
tr	I	We went through our little ritual , like we did every town day and Samuel came to stand with me .
tr	O	He turned swiftly for all his bulk , and Ashley 's eyebrows shot up in surprise .
tr	O	She 'd studied under a master , and only he could do it better .
tr	O	You 're worried and you 're scared .
tr	O	Someone was interested enough in my activities to spend a couple of hundred bucks , but the location of the camera violated privacy restrictions .
tr	I	Then she 's mine , and I 'm almost done .
tr	O	Chad pulled zip ties out of his back pocket and they bound the men 's hands behind their backs .
tr	I	I resisted , but Puck pushed me toward the mouth .
tr	O	He cleared his throat , and even that sounded dangerous .
tr	O	She was now face to face with him and she gave in to the desire to kiss him .
tr	I	The girl froze and Eleanor called sharply .
tr	O	She looked down , and at first it looked like she had no feet .
tr	I	I did my best to explain , but my brain was whirling .
tr	O	He laughed and he adjusted his body .
tr	I	It protested with the eerie , early morning call of a crane and the noise from all the activity seemed to disturb the tranquil grove .
tr	O	Seba had suggested letting Madam Octa go before , and I had disagreed .
tr	I	I couldn 't do that to Sienna , but I thought about not rejoining the tour .
tr	O	The woman would never hold her own in a game of poker , but at least he 'd never be left guessing about her true feelings .
tr	I	She began to help me look and I informed her about my dilemma .
tr	I	They had split into the other groups , but there was also a Scout Team .
tr	I	I decided to have a little fun with him and he whispered in my ear .
tr	I	I did , but it was silly for me to feel that way .
tr	I	His glare made me snap my mouth shut , but I was just about to argue with him .
tr	I	At the same time I had no idea but something was telling me that I knew him .
tr	I	Carol leaned forward just enough to kiss him again , and his lips twitched with the beginnings of a smile .
tr	I	They would want to grieve for him and no matter what he 'd done , he was still their son .
tr	I	He couldn 't chance being caught , and he was taking too many risks .
tr	I	They filed out and three portals opened .
tr	I	I knew that what I did next was critical , but my heart was pounding from something close to terror .
tr	O	There was a money note at the end , and I was afraid Sam wouldn 't be able to hit it .
tr	I	He knocked it away again and the hand started to return .
tr	O	A woman stood there , and somehow I hadn 't noticed her upon entering - which seemed impossible .
tr	I	A sense of Reyes came into focus and she drew in a deep breath as the chain began to vibrate softly .
tr	O	The morning 's musical renditions were courtesy of Pet , yet these were Mikey 's declarations to her .
tr	I	I took my time lining up the shot - not that I needed to , and that was a particularly challenging hole .
tr	O	Terrance had been bitten , and now he was sick .
tr	I	He told his father what had happened , and he knelt beside the grave .
tr	O	People came here to make their fortune , and Daisy could just imagine her life with William .
tr	I	Her expression nearly undid him , and here he was crooning a song Nick said was her most guilty pleasure .
tr	I	They both laughed , and she let go .
tr	I	My mouth won 't let me , but I try to let out a small laugh .
tr	O	Hank simply ducked out of the way , and Samson landed hard on the corner pole .
tr	O	She grabbed , but he was always faster than her .
tr	I	I wasn 't doing it for him , but Hank had trusted me with this role .
tr	I	He was crazy , and he was dangerous .
tr	I	Then he was escorted to an interview room , and he survived as a fish for two hours .
tr	I	She hesitated on the porch , taking in the view and being back on the Cruz ranch felt like coming home .
tr	I	I 'm the only source on Mars and it 's critical to the potato farm .
tr	O	He bent down to claim her lips again , sure he could change her mind , but she scooted away from him .
tr	O	She ignored them , walking ahead of the two men , straight to the end of the hallway , and turned left .
tr	I	Her feet remained soldered to the ground , but Scarlett 's instincts told her to run .
tr	O	She was probably doing most of the work anyway , and that type of move might influence other possible candidates in the future .
tr	I	Yet she felt distance stretching out between them and Alex was standing not two feet from him .
tr	O	The hall way was empty but she could hear the men coming up the stairs .
tr	O	Yes , she was afraid , but she wouldn 't let Boone see her fear .
tr	O	I tried not to , and it 's insane .
tr	I	It was likely that it had housed actual presidents in the past and it hadn 't dawned on me that the suite was truly a presidential suite .
tr	O	We got to the classroom door and she stopped .
tr	O	The day went by quickly and Kate spent almost all her time answering questions .
tr	O	It was a fair distance to the ground , but she jumped , landing in a crouch close to the wall .
tr	O	The window slid open and one was set on the counter .
tr	O	The lock splintered , and the door opened .
tr	O	He wanted to kiss her , but the pain was too much to bear .
tr	O	I was getting ready to follow her so I could kill her but my grandma quickly brought me back to reality with her sharp words .
tr	I	He pointed toward two open loops , and the harness lay crumpled .
tr	O	Both of them looked up and the faint cry of a baby could be heard .
tr	O	I even tried a few calming spells on him , but none seemed to work , his anguish overpowering all .
tr	O	I was teasing , but it sounded petulant .
tr	O	I had no body , but it didn 't matter .
tr	O	Hers is 543 and mine is 544 .
tr	O	Linda 's shoulders were shaking against his chest and David could hear her sobs .
tr	I	They covered her enough to give her some dignity , but they were too big for her body .
tr	O	They both shrugged and I kept going .
tr	O	We 'll be in the Capital tomorrow and I 'll have to tell my parents .
tr	I	A gate you had to pull closed yourself and it had an antique elevator with big push buttons .
tr	O	Garrett clenched his teeth , fighting the urge to hit something , but deep down he knew Carson had a point .
tr	O	Violet hooked her arm in mine and we made our way back toward our hotel .
tr	I	Mac was going after Gwendolyn P. Morgan , and Jace was going to go after Scott .
tr	I	Nothing else will , but the sole of your boot might give me a bit of trouble .
tr	O	I asked him to draw a cat the other day and I thought it was an aeroplane .
tr	O	I was going to show it to him , but I hadn 't expected to ever show it to anyone .
tr	O	Shim looked at me and I shrugged , too .
tr	O	I couldn 't see the hole , and I didn 't really want to .
tr	O	I tried to move , but pain snapped me back to reality the instant my leg twitched .
tr	O	When he broke the connection of our mouths , he rested his forehead on mine and my hand slid from his hair to cup his bearded jaw .
tr	I	Her smiled faded and she got quiet .
tr	I	I wanted to find out , but I didn 't know if he 'd given it up .
tr	I	She 'd take Jamie 's word for it , but she hadn 't caught Latham 's scent yet .
tr	O	The trip down had been a lot of fun , and after all , it was not his fault how she felt about him .
tr	I	Prue couldn 't stop , but she was being difficult .
tr	O	It takes me a moment to actually remember his surname but the quick browsing of my memory is worth the trouble on seeing him flinch slightly .
tr	O	Eric 's hand was resting quietly on my stomach , and we were still wrapped up together in the bedding .
tr	O	Without secrets he cannot rule , and with the kelp there are no secrets .
tr	I	The kids thanked him , and John stood up too .
tr	O	His mind was running in circles and he didn 't really want the responsibility of doing everything his dad had done .
tr	I	When I stopped , the valley was still , and I wept until I had no more tears .
tr	O	He was trying not to smile , but the grin would not go away .
tr	O	He had melted away , and she felt his absence like a space cut from the air .
tr	O	The little girl smiled at her and Mackenzie 's gut clenched .
tr	I	They led us along a long , white corridor , and we lined up for two , hand in hand .
tr	O	I didn 't plan on it , but one of the nurses called me .
tr	I	More riders came forward and there was a ripple in the crowd .
tr	I	It hadn 't managed to rub off on her , but I had tried to convince her to be tidy .
tr	I	There was no mistaking the smell of ancient filth , but the reinforced fabric resisted the passing of time .
tr	I	A woman who was his equal in all the ways Ali had been Peter 's , but it wasn 't Ali he wanted .
tr	I	He was frowning slightly , and his eyes were brown again .
tr	I	He had a stack of papers over three inches thick in front of him and by the time he was done it had been over two hours .
tr	O	Apparently they ran rampant through The Hunter line , but for some reason Cassie had come up short .
tr	O	He could be dean of the J program but he loves teaching too much .
tr	I	Her fate was inescapable but Lynette begged her not to die .
tr	I	Neither of the men could understand her , but Breedlove muttered something .
tr	O	He groaned , or maybe that was her .
tr	I	He wanted another shot at me and he was probably only talking to me because I 'd turned him down the other day .
tr	I	Others deny that but some people say it 's located at the top of a mountain on the coast of Maine .
tr	I	There was no way I could leave , but I glanced at the glass doors leading out to the deck .
tr	O	The conversation returned to his travels , and if it was mundane Elaina didn 't notice .
tr	I	He detested the swarming horde of people , and he was sad that Blair was leaving .
tr	O	Some traditions used a blade for that element , and I was kind of glad theirs didn 't .
tr	O	It kills to feed but it doesn 't eat the meat .
tr	O	Daemon groaned , but there was a sharp , hopeful look in his eyes .
tr	I	The Spartan looked even more dangerous in the blackening shadows , and it was more dark than light now .
tr	I	Word still got around , but most of the monsters who 'd met Edward face-to-face were ashes .
tr	I	He doubted he could stand on it and his mangled foot felt like dead flesh behind him .
tr	O	She felt cold , and she couldn 't get warm .
tr	I	Every night brought them closer to doomsday , but she 'd never been fond of it .
tr	I	They 'd told Sister Oana about it , and she 'd been out of her room .
tr	I	This guy was a total whacko , but I thought Kennan was bad .
tr	I	The knife catches him in the throat and my aim is perfect .
tr	O	At his sad answer Avery felt a little faint and she let her body slide down the wall until her bottom hit the wooden floors .
tr	I	That 's what they had reduced her to , but she had never wanted to become a referee .
tr	O	Paul was slightly pushing it , but Julie did feel a little better about them working together .
tr	O	I peered in the direction of Kaye and the group of cheerleaders huddled up front .
tr	O	Edward could magick him across the sands , but the kid would only ride back .
tr	O	The pig swayed as she waddled , but Cole felt reasonably secure .
tr	O	That is still classified , and these new experiments will take advantage of that knowledge .
tr	I	That would have been ridiculous , but Suicide was selfish enough .
tr	O	He didn 't know about it , of course , but I nudged him .
tr	I	Right now I want to , but I never hug her because she doesn 't like people to touch her .
tr	I	He watched Anna reach out to lock the door , and his eyes became accustomed to the dark .
tr	I	My eye was on the clock , but I considered curls , always liking the soft romantic air they lent me .
tr	O	This was the final stage in Benson 's treatment , and it had to be done before tranquilizers could be administered .
tr	O	He 'd said Paul was dying because of treason , but she 'd always believed it was partly for her .
tr	I	It just smells like money , but I expect the stack of bills to smell like Luca .
tr	I	She only shook her head but Hazel eyed at the sooty hands as though she wanted to say something .
tr	O	She gasped against his mouth , but he didn 't cease the pressure of his kiss .
tr	O	Miranda went to a witch meeting and I 'm with Lucas .
tr	O	A guy that I just met is holding me against his chest , like he 's protecting his most prized possession , and I like it .
tr	I	The harder I tried , the more the vision faded , but I tried to manipulate the vision , hoping to reveal the answers .
tr	I	Sky did but she didn 't realize the significance of this .
tr	O	I wanted to watch the sunlight fade and the lights in the house go on .
tr	I	Her personality encouraged him , and her intelligence intrigued him .
tr	O	You 'll play the coward and the fans will boo you .
tr	O	It grew rapidly in brilliance , and soon I heard the thumping of helicopter blades .
tr	I	I want my children to know their family and they did well with me .
tr	I	The kids had been through enough without throwing an ugly custody battle at them , but her mother was right , of course .
tr	O	Bill 's meaning was clear and the implied threat was understood .
tr	O	27 Finn drove fast on the deserted streets , and we made it over to Fletcher 's house in record time .
tr	O	Miranda squealed and Della laughed .
tr	O	Something was keeping Seven pinned facedown to the ground , and he shifted it off with his free arm .
tr	I	Joan had an arm up to block his path but Milton tried to avoid the question by walking around .
tr	O	Her blade severs his ear and he sways on his feet .
tr	O	She breaks her stare and when she does I feel a pull leave me .
tr	O	This morning , her face was ridiculously pale , and her hair seemed to thin before my eyes .
tr	O	Steam from the shower quickly surrounded me , but before I rinsed the shampoo from my hair , I heard the door open .
tr	O	He was holding an acoustic guitar in one hand , and I realized that was where the music had been coming from .
tr	O	He tried to shout , but it was too late .
tr	I	You can 't take such things lightly and you did sign them .
tr	O	He just likes being with me and he only loves my dirty socks .
tr	I	He was dragging it across the ground in apparent contempt , but he carried a banner as well .
tr	I	My tongue felt too big , but I swallowed again .
tr	O	I know he 's won this four times without me here , but I don 't want to leave him .
tr	O	The light in the shed was too dim for her to work efficiently and the makeshift table was too low .
tr	I	I shook away a chill , and the cold medicine woke me .
tr	I	He intended to grab as much of it as possible , and Life offered more than that .
tr	I	It turns darker blue which means you want information with your service and run your fingers on this side .
tr	I	I 've forced myself to forget , or either someone doesn 't want me to remember .
tr	I	I jump , whirling toward the cliff with the flashlight darting across the rocks and Seth hollers .
tr	I	I 'd have no idea , and he could be anywhere in the massive house .
tr	O	The sender ID for the message that had just arrived was blank , but it was tagged urgent .
tr	O	The rain hadn 't started , but the wind was already strong .
tr	O	Numbness is long gone , and tears are falling so fast that I can 't see through the blur .
tr	O	The moon was high and she had not turned on any lights .
tr	O	I want it all , but you must give it freely .
tr	I	My lips split in a hesitant smile , and the relief was still in his eyes .
tr	I	He opens the envelope and I appear beside Jackson .
tr	O	There was no doubt that he could best any warrior in the clans in one-on-one competition , and he was loyal without question to Arin .
tr	I	It was still visible , but the wasp 's body had slipped down several inches .
tr	I	I enjoyed being around them and the animals were my friends .
tr	I	The morgue people have them together like they 're a family , but Next to them is a man who lives two doors down .
tr	I	I was suddenly afraid for my friend , and I looked up into Angus ' hardening face .
tr	O	He sat at the end of the sofa , and Carter assumed the position directly across from him .
tr	I	The room had the sickly sweet odor of blood , and the bed was soaked with blood .
tr	O	It wasn 't a color or it was a color she had never seen .
tr	O	He sat in the cockpit with his pressure suit on and the visor open .
tr	O	They were sitting on the beach , and Neal was holding Georgie 's hand .
tr	O	His body shook with the effort of holding himself back , but it was very important that he didn 't rush her .
tr	O	Soon it was just Aidan and I left .
tr	O	His heart was still pounding from his earlier exertions and he felt weak from the lack of food so far today .
tr	I	It kills me and I hear you .
tr	I	I take in a breath , and my eyes bolt open .
tr	O	I wasn 't a wild child , but I wasn 't a shut-in either .
tr	I	He 'd done an amazing job , and I 'd come to Sebastian to make me feel better .
tr	I	From one shore he found himself looking out on the open sea , and he was placed , however , at the edge of this temporary archipelago .
tr	O	My mouth went dry and my mind went blank as I felt trapped beneath their inquisitive gazes .
tr	O	The guards led Rema through the hallways , and her eyes gradually adjusted .
tr	I	She was looking for it , but his hesitation was nearly imperceptible .
tr	I	He did pretty much whatever he wanted , and he had said he was going to .
tr	I	We disembark the plane , and she gets her purse .
tr	I	Julie didn 't even make an attempt to stop them and tears were flowing freely now .
tr	I	He was able to dodge between the debris , but more ceiling had come down in the hall .
tr	O	I pulled on his hair , hard , but my h * ps were already moving unbidden with his thrusts .
tr	O	He spread me open with his hands and I felt the hard , piercing pain of something thick being forced inside me , splitting me open .
tr	I	I knew that if I kissed Josie , the same would probably happen , and it had worked without exception .
tr	I	He wasn 't moving but his eyes were open .
tr	I	He felt his eyes closing involuntarily , in the sunlight , and he had been up for most of the previous night .
tr	I	She fell onto my chest and Savanna let out tiny cries .
tr	I	The idea of Rebecca being near that man again made his skin crawl , but it was brilliant if it worked .
tr	O	My dad seems to know , but he 's not telling me anything .
tr	O	I could see that he wanted to tell them of my description of the ghost I 'd seen , but he did not .
tr	O	I jerked from my seat and Jessica 's widened eyes made a hot drop of fear slip down my throat .
tr	O	She was glad that they finally appeared to believe her , but she still felt some resentment towards them .
tr	I	It did miss him , but it only missed him by only inches .
tr	O	I tried to tell her I am fine , but she said I needed to rest .
tr	I	Someone swear in disbelief and I reached the front of the house just as I heard the back door slam open .
tr	I	He didn 't take George 's brash success at all well and you see Edward was the steady one .
tr	I	Another soldier stepped up to help hold him , but he tried to tug it free .
tr	O	Judging from the noise , she was in a club , and it wasn 't the kind you frequent to play bingo .
tr	I	Then he understood , but at first he thought the smoke had been stirred by the passing craft 's rotor wash .
tr	O	I was glad we had kept our distance , but trying to move through the snow was nearly impossible .
tr	I	I imagined this was what it felt like , but Chapter One Logan I 'd never been shot .
tr	O	The doctor had assured them both after the second month they had nothing to worry about , but they waited to tell anyone anyway .
tr	O	Emily tried to see out the window , knowing the lightening had struck close by , but the darkness was complete .
tr	I	She didn 't quite know how , but he had changed his form again .
tr	I	We pondered the effects of our single enterprise , and the seed of fear was planted .
tr	O	We have finished eating , and it is getting dark .
tr	I	Before she could say a word his mouth was on her , there , kissing her most sensitive flesh and he slid down between her thighs .
tr	O	My hands sweat and I rub my palms against my black skirt .
tr	O	Her mother had always looked younger than her years , and her rich , shoulder-length chestnut hair had been something Katie always wished she had .
tr	I	She meant every word , but that might sound melodramatic .
tr	O	we 'll have to let the police and paramedics do their thing first .
tr	I	She walked straight in without knocking and the door was open .
tr	O	I do have a boyfriend and I shouldn 't be here .
tr	I	Watching it gives me a headache , and people have their hands all over each other , skin to skin .
tr	O	It would be felt all across the city and many people would mistake it for an earthquake .
tr	O	I had no idea how I was doing it , but I would do it some more .
tr	I	Scarlett was surprised to find a warm tingling inside her chest , and soon they were trekking forward again .
tr	I	She wanted him to tell her , but she pretty much knew the answer .
tr	O	His expression remained serious , but she thought she caught a gleam of mischief in his eye .
tr	I	Thomas kept silent , and she stomped away .
tr	I	After a meal of travel rations Heather was soon asleep and fatigue , however , easily won out .
tr	O	He had the power to remove you from the Lake then , but he wanted to punish you .
tr	O	He had wanted nothing more than to ogle Ella in a bikini for a few hours and instead things had gotten rather domestic .
tr	O	Kayla sat on the other side of the room and Haven started to make her way across the cafeteria .
tr	O	He began to loosen his grip on her , but Tessa caught at his wrist with her hand .
tr	I	His dealing was low-level , but he was on narcotics ' radar .
tr	I	That 's just petty , but I want to say like you .
tr	I	How he 'd missed her , and here was his friend again .
tr	I	She shivered , and Alice could hear the waves below , pounding against the rocks .
tr	I	Although the protozoa can infect all mammals , it can only reproduce in felines and cats are the primary host for Toxoplasma .
tr	I	No words came out but I tried to speak .
tr	I	A lot of articles wrote about it , and I wrote his name in the searcher .
tr	O	Her legs were bent in an unnatural position and her arms were tied behind her back .
tr	I	The words just wouldn 't come , but I opened my mouth to tell him that .
tr	O	She might be part supernatural , but she was still part human .
tr	I	Tonight he seemed content to go at my speed , but I was surprised that he hadn 't insisted on taking the wheel .
tr	O	I could barely breathe as the sobs escaped me , but I managed short choppy breathes in between sentences .
tr	I	His lips curved generously , and his chin was rounded .
tr	I	Everyone on the ground turned to the church and the music stopped .
tr	O	Ginette put in the CD and they listened for a moment .
tr	O	These guards were tall , and none of them looked Turkish .
tr	O	Chapter Eighteen By the following Wednesday I had gained control over most of my powers , but my eyes were still the same brilliant green .
tr	O	Her cell phone buzzed , and she eyed it nervously .
tr	I	There just wasn 't much to say , but I wanted to argue against it more .
tr	I	She felt too light-headed to draw away , but having him so close to her was sending little shivers through her nerves .
tr	I	I took it , and she put my stuff in a bag .
tr	I	Then lightning struck the foothills in view from the dormer , and somehow the light bulb seemed considerably more dim .
tr	O	He had to rest more often but he couldn 't sleep .
tr	I	Her heartbeat grew so faint that not even the little people could hear it anymore and the attack was so vicious that Mother Earth bled .
tr	O	They say Northerners are rude , but you have us beat .
tr	O	She raised a brow at her father and he raised one right back .
tr	I	There he was , and I turned , searching !
tr	O	whisper to Danica and she nods .
tr	I	I have quite a few suspicions about its origin , and I had a flash of inspiration at that point .
tr	O	Annabelle ran her fingers through my hair , and I buried my face in the curve of her neck .
tr	O	The Dauntless don 't usually understand restraint , and Uriah has only ever known the Dauntless .
tr	I	His smile grew even more serene , and David sipped his coffee .
tr	O	It might have gone undetected , but there are clues .
tr	I	I 'm going to eradicate it and I caused this problem .
tr	O	Sofia tried to step forward , but the Sleek yanked her back .
tr	O	His lips moved , but he started to choke .
tr	O	I knew what the werewolf meant and it wasn 't that .
tr	O	The door to the hospital room opens and Tia stands so quickly that she sways .
tr	O	She was in the first floor of his house and she heard some noises from the basement .
tr	I	The stars shined brightly and the moon twinkled above .
tr	I	She would be kicked out of basic or she needed to qualify on her rifle .
tr	I	Her face was dull and her eyes were languid .
tr	O	Everyone began to mingle around the room and some of the younger crowd started dancing .
tr	O	The demon put its hands together , and a huge orb of fire appeared .
tr	O	Large trees were evident above , but they resembled not the trees of the Forest .
tr	I	He 'd been the one to transform her , and he 'd found her .
tr	O	The morphine never took the excruciating pain away , and I constantly begged for more .
tr	I	She framed my face with a few and Loose curls were artfully allowed to escape the twist .
tr	I	She 'd worry about that after she got away , but her head still hurt painfully .
tr	I	She was flopping in them but Pierre had managed to get her a pair of shoes to protect her feet .
tr	I	I believe she is in a better place , but I am very sorry for your dear mother .
tr	I	It 's already there , but she runs a hand over her hair like she wants to pull it over her shoulder again .
tr	O	My father had brought me up to be rational , but my experience here had changed that .
tr	O	I raised an eyebrow at her and she laughed .
tr	I	It was coming at him incredibly fast , but it was small , like a child .
tr	I	He eyed me suspiciously , and his head popped up .
tr	I	That provides a huge secret to the success of these products ; and the deer you fed were on their way to the water tank .
tr	O	A woman has died and you are acting like it 's no big deal .
tr	O	It doesn 't need to be long , but it would mean the world to me if you did .
tr	I	That wasn 't what she had meant at all , and to give him such a lead-in was tantamount to an invitation .
tr	O	His grief had already turned to anger , and the urge fuelled by his anger caused his body to bristle with a red shimmer .
tr	O	School started in an hour , and Mike usually procrastinated until the very last second .
tr	I	I tugged at him to put me down , and he ran toward it .
tr	O	He was definitely flirting , and she definitely liked it .
tr	O	We do have access in a few places , but we may never be sure who said what to whom .
tr	O	You 're doing nothing but calling attention to us .
tr	O	Again the jailor does what I ask , and I begin to relax somewhat .
tr	O	Someone knew to expect the Exiles ' return , and they had known it for some time .
tr	O	In the mean time , I 'll keep your secrets , but you 'll have to stay with me .
tr	O	The scientists kept the lab well protected and there were many people who could get killed .
tr	O	She was pale , and it worried me .
tr	I	I imagined it because I wanted her to , or I swore she yelled over it .
tr	I	Draw back one of the curtains , looking out , and I move to the window overlooking the front street .
tr	O	My dad just treated Trevor like he was the main suspect in a crime investigation , and I know he used his ability .
tr	O	He felt hundreds of eyes on him , and it all felt like a dream .
tr	I	They would suit his purpose well , and these were dangerous times in Salem .
tr	I	My chest was heaving as I looked at him and the sun was hot .
tr	O	Bree wasn 't in the mood for games , but she could see he was .
tr	O	Rob 's arms were crossed and he looked dark .
tr	O	I finished a little more of my breakfast , but I was more tired than hungry , so I went back up stairs .
tr	I	I beat him to it , but he started to answer me .
tr	O	A dim idea of struggle slipped through my mind , but my body hardly seemed to obey .
tr	O	We both needed healing , but at some point we 've got to rebuild our strength .
tr	I	We fear the kidnapper could strike again soon , and his symptoms are on par with someone who has witnessed a violent crime .
tr	O	He made a lot of new friends , but one in particular became a lifelong buddy .
tr	O	Cary did , but every day he managed , in little ways , to try to test me .
tr	I	The latest attrition rate went beyond the tolerable , but colonists expected casualties while they subdued this planet .
tr	I	The car just farts along inconspicuously , but there 's a loud , creepy ratcheting , like some massive clockwork grinding beneath you .
tr	O	I 'd gone up against ice daggers before , but even I tended to try to stay away from the receiving end of a throwing knife .
tr	O	Our eyes meet and Charlie mouths the word shit .
tr	O	He put the car in drive and we headed down the crowded street .
tr	I	There was White Shirt , and the doors slid open .
tr	O	Kali suppressed a laugh as papers flew everywhere and the man sprawled onto the floor .
tr	O	I see you put a lot of effort in it and I bet it took you an awful lot of time .
tr	O	Tavi felt his eyes blur with frustrated tears , and he scrubbed savagely at them with one sleeve .
tr	O	As the next few years passed , her visits stopped and she only rarely answered my letters .
tr	I	Before now , there had been a way up to this floor , but if it had been , then that meant that after the event .
tr	O	His gaze met mine , and I lowered my lashes .
tr	I	That voice tells me to go and I answer to a higher voice than any here .
tr	O	Scott , though , had become an increasingly angry young man , and he 'd vented that anger against Sawyer .
tr	I	It was my fault , and the thing in the dark had gotten my little brother , a six-year-old child .
tr	I	Jared , once again , let his finger off the button , but when it was at chin level , Ryan addressed me .
tr	O	He stared at her , and the shift swept over him .
tr	I	I wanted payment for that , and something precious was taken away .
tr	I	Instantly , Julie looked about for Greg , and they followed her voice inside .
tr	O	This life on the road had made him shave even less , and he was well on his way to a beard .
tr	O	He might be in good hands in that state home , but he needs to know he has other options .
tr	I	I turned on the engine and he held my hand .
tr	O	She pulled her robe around her as she came out of the bedroom , and she stopped when she saw them .
tr	I	Her lips parted in surprise and she blinked .
tr	O	Even if the press didn 't quote the entire letter , they couldn 't butcher it beyond recognition -- or so she hoped .
tr	I	We might be able to keep it that way , and the press doesn 't know what happened last week .
tr	O	He 's got me in a deadlock and I 'm quickly running out of steam .
tr	I	The pain wouldn 't allow even that much movement , but she tried peeking through narrow slits in her eyelids .
tr	I	I was calm as my wet fingers slid up the tiled wall , groping for a light switch , and those instincts were dead .
tr	O	We entered further into the foyer , and that 's when she noticed Adrian .
tr	I	The idea of getting her underneath me did nothing for me , and her curves didn 't send my heart into a wild frenzy .
tr	I	He wouldn 't meet my eyes , but his tone was light as always .
tr	I	He doubted she was going to like many of them and he had a few things to say to her .
tr	O	His eyes had been exposed to the outside light , and the cave seemed even darker when he reentered it .
tr	O	She pressed her teeth into her bottom lip , and immediately he clasped his hand over her mouth .
tr	O	She backed away with her gun still on the outlaw , but giving Bobcat a clear sight of him also .
tr	I	Their owners quickly gravitated to the smaller group that had begun to form by the front doors , and several hands that had been up went down .
tr	O	I sat at my desk , and Lola put her head in my lap .
tr	I	The shop remained devoid of life , but Dennis turned around .
tr	O	He was happy Josh was happy , but there was something else too .
tr	I	There 's a trickle of blood seeping down the side of my cheek , but it 's not very large .
tr	I	That 's the least of my desires , but yeah , I want to have sex with her , too .
tr	I	His particular method of coping was to ignore them while snapping at everything that came in range , and Denver clearly had his problems .
tr	I	Her heart would be safe , and she knew she 'd never fall in love with him .
tr	I	Fear kept rolling around in his head , blocking the memory from coming forth , but he wanted to remember .
tr	I	I want to be a part of that , and we are in a time of great discovery .
tr	I	She wanted to use it to their advantage , and they had a little time ahead of them .
tr	I	You haven 't heard about the last shower yet ; but I can run a calculator as well as you .
tr	O	It knocks him back , and Damien declares me successful .
tr	O	Dad 's dead and I 'm next ?
tr	O	Her tongue slipped into my mouth and I sucked on it , enjoying the taste of chocolate in her mouth .
tr	O	His eyes were wide , fearful , and she felt her muscles tense involuntarily .
tr	O	Ponder hadn 't considered a future as a slime designer , but everyone had to start somewhere .
tr	O	Her face turned red and she grabbed at Bob 's arm , attempting to pry his grip away from her airway .
tr	I	You are also a walking target , but you are unique .
tr	I	Ryder locked the door behind them , and then they entered a small apartment .
tr	O	Behind me , I heard the footfalls of several more runners , but I gave them no thought .
tr	I	Her lungs are only operating at approximately ten percent capacity , but her internal organs are still functioning somehow .
tr	I	He hugged her back , and she hugged him tightly .
tr	I	There was no need , but she opened her mouth to scream .
tr	O	I try to pull away from him , but I can 't .
tr	I	I put on the mechanical gills once again and we both walked towards the river removing our B.T. .
tr	O	My head bounces like a melon , and the world dissolves to darkness .
tr	I	I did , and I wanted to make my own way .
tr	O	Finally , I saw a spark in you after you met the Prince , but nothing I tried could awaken the power within you .
tr	O	I was still not hungry , but the wine tasted good .
tr	O	The doors rolled shut , and the elevator began to fall .
tr	I	She never showed him the same affection but James had a thing for Sarah in the past .
tr	I	Sam 's hand on hers helped calm her down , but Dianna 's heart jumped .
tr	I	His hands shook as he swept back her hair , and his forehead fell to rest against hers .
tr	I	You know they couldn 't outrun you and they 're already shaped like a drumstick .
tr	O	I had a feeling that Max Rich was a wonderful man to work with and I knew that some of my lyrics were going to please him .
tr	O	I knew he was missing his classes , but he told me not to worry about it , so I didn 't .
tr	O	He laughed at my outrage , and then he leaned down to bite at my nipple again .
tr	I	Mind bending , and it was amazing .
tr	O	My voice broke and I knew he 'd hear the lie .
tr	O	Nothing looked too different from any other landscape I previously came across , but the day wasn 't over yet .
tr	I	It is not silent like this , and it does not blaze with light like this .
tr	I	He sat down on the bed again , and Michael 's face took on hard lines .
tr	O	My gaze dropped to his narrow waist , and my insides turned to goo .
tr	O	Neil turned away , but Andrew was faster .
tr	I	He 's been well trained , and he 's survived the Nazis .
tr	I	Alexander felt Olivia 's body begin to tighten around him and her breathing became more erratic .
tr	O	I start to shake my head , but she 's already shaking her own .
tr	O	She had no idea why she said that , but it seemed to make sense at the time .
tr	I	The old bat at the phone desk wouldn 't let her use the phone but Jenny wanted to talk to you herself .
tr	O	This isn 't going to be easy but it has to be done .
tr	I	She was not with them , either ; but a Soft One could not pass on except when the whole triad did .
tr	O	His hands were very close to her , but you could easily see the wonderfully blue luminosity in the room .
tr	I	To check the tapes but there was nothing for it .
tr	O	I could tell that she had been crying and immediately I felt like a dick .
tr	O	It had been hard enough to keep Nana in check this summer , and that was when her physical problems were obvious even to Nana .
tr	O	If Adam Pierce got hold of it , he too would become a pillar of fire , and all of us would burn with him .
tr	O	I 've lived under a time constraint and it 's like someone is stealing your life .
tr	O	He said the others wouldn 't suspect him and they would leave me alone .
tr	O	I could hear some noises from inside the house and I felt like I was going to throw up .
tr	I	He was anxious to share them with the jury and he was a man of many opinions .
tr	I	I did like a normal civilized human being and Chapter Twelve He gestures for a hand shake .
tr	O	It was a spectrum , and everybody fitted somewhere on the spectrum .
tr	I	She was not as delighted with her success as Royce supposed , but Jennifer was not unaware that she 'd managed to ruin the journey for him .
tr	O	I do not say this lightly , but doubtless you have heard the stories .
tr	I	He froze and she flinched from the sudden movement .
tr	I	Immediately lighted his fireplace , turning down the lamps so the flickering of the fire could provide some tangible comfort , and Reuben hated the rain .
tr	I	Even they knew to stay out of his way , and the only people who were welcome on his ranch were the ones who worked there .
tr	O	A huge cloud of bats flew out and Mathilda screamed , which surprised me because I would have thought she 'd have liked bats .
tr	O	Cursing still gave her that maddening little twinge , and it drove her crazy not knowing why .
tr	I	A wave of euphoria pulsed through me , and his lips brushed against the top of my head as he carried me to his bed .
tr	I	They were close to the airport , and the cab was still in motion .
tr	O	I had never had a camera in my face like that before , and I had never been so restricted to one spot .
tr	I	He knew it and he was clutching at straws .
tr	I	You conjured up a way of doing so and you knew that you needed to get to the surface .
tr	O	She noticed he hadn 't apologized to Jordan , but she figured it was best to leave that one alone for now .
tr	O	Those are the original clay tiles and I bet they 'll be impossible to replace .
tr	O	I had assumed he was going to be on the couch , but instead he was on the cold , hard floor .
tr	I	It was the biting pain in her backside that had made her react so violently , but she 'd felt his hand hit her back .
tr	O	Alexander , I hate that I 'm writing this letter , but I now know that it needs to be written .
tr	O	He winks at me and I remember his gift .
tr	I	He gazed down at her , and his head lifted .
tr	I	I wouldn 't give him the satisfaction , but I wanted to laugh at the word .
tr	O	We 'd attempted a truce before and she tried to buy me coffee .
tr	O	Phones rang outside the door and Mr. Deville talked about coaching football -- normal stuff -- as she focused on her breathing .
tr	I	His gut settled a little , but he didn 't turn around .
tr	O	As we reached the end of the corridor , the passage opened up , and we stood at the edge of a small grotto surrounded by thorns .
tr	I	I 'm not inferior and I 'm not a criminal .
tr	I	He disappeared into the pen , and the heavy door swung open .
tr	I	The air around him seemed to crackle with electricity , and she could see the excitement building in his eyes .
tr	O	Tommy wanted to correct her , to tell the truth , but he was too exhausted .
tr	I	I don 't remember the last time I ate and I feel a wall of dizziness slam into me .
tr	O	His gun was gone , but she couldn 't tell if it had been stolen .
tr	I	My heart beat pushed the boundaries of normal , threatening to rip itself from my chest and my breath sped .
tr	O	He tried to pull his features into a more somber look , but it didn 't work .
tr	I	I went back to the machine shop , and Sarah went in search of her gunners to fill them in .
tr	I	I may have , but I didn 't mean to hurt him .
tr	I	She felt like her heart would burst with joy and Today was the day she would marry Reed .
tr	O	Paul assumed that hunger must be setting in and energy levels were being affected .
tr	O	I couldn 't cry anymore , and I couldn 't watch her cry either .
tr	O	He 'd come on a holiday reluctantly , and his work had followed him .
tr	O	He turned on the speaker and a song began to play .
tr	O	I only caught a glimpse , but I saw you kiss him .
tr	I	I felt like I was going to die of pleasure , and my fingers grabbed the sheets as his tongue continued to enter me .
tr	I	I knew that he could never get to the boy in time , but a guard in the tower saw what had happened .
tr	I	I took it as a gift that he did not hit me upon entering , but I didn 't like him in the house .
tr	I	They were also deadly , but they were walking cliches .
tr	I	Pia made use of it to compose herself , and Tamara handed her a tissue .
tr	I	The tension locked it away , but something troubled Gray , something nagging .
tr	O	He took a moment to try to compose himself , but he failed .
tr	O	I could feel Michael 's worry , and I understood it .
tr	O	His voice was irritated and he reminded me of Zane even more .
tr	I	His answers didn 't add up and I was asking him questions about what he 'd written .
tr	O	11 Budda had been tired many times before , but the feeling of exhaustion was foreign to him .
tr	O	My knees gave out and I leaned against the bench to stay upright .
tr	I	He smelled like an open sewer , and Din was filthy .
tr	I	I realized she 'd misinterpreted my anger , and she frowned .
tr	O	He wasn 't able to understand the announcements word for word but he gathered the one relating to his train 's arrival must have been among them .
tr	O	Boone did not reply , but he smiled .
tr	O	The people seemed to be paralyzed by uneasiness , and the dogs seemed to be waiting for something .
tr	O	I wasn 't his first boyfriend , but I was the first he could admit to himself .
tr	I	It caused the air around him to sizzle and the power of the being was undeniable .
tr	I	Now I felt I had the right , but I would never have asked about security in the past .
tr	I	We all took our seats at the table and I patted him on the back .
tr	I	Celaena struck , ramming her fist into his arm , sending the blade soaring through the air , but he swung .
tr	O	A ripple of muscle tightened along Richard 's arm , but the steady tone of his voice did not alter .
tr	I	I don 't argue , but his words startle me .
tr	I	People were eating dinner outdoors , and the restaurants were all open .
tr	I	Now there was no choice , but he 'd never dared to .
tr	O	If it was a fire , they 'd have a little more hope , but dust seems a little permanent to them .
tr	I	I needed him as badly as he needed me , and he was my Finn .
tr	I	Whoever she was with had seen us together at some point , and Allie was close .
tr	O	Declan 's eyebrows jacked up and his mouth fell open slightly .
tr	I	For a moment I couldn 't breathe , and panic flooded me .
tr	I	I don 't want to be more specific , and I 'm sorry to drop this on you .
tr	I	A t-shirt pulled over a thermal and he 's wearing jeans .
tr	I	We have to cross off one thing at least once a week and if it 's on the list , we have to do it .
tr	I	Every ounce of him wanted to be there when it happened , and she was going to be something amazing .
tr	O	He hit the buzzer on his keys and the electric gates slid open before him .
tr	I	Eve 's relationship like it was a done deal and Donovan glanced at Eve , taking in her reaction to Garrett speaking of his .
tr	I	The glint of approval warmed her to her toes and his eyes widened .
tr	I	Part of me already knew , but I started to ask why she thought she wouldn 't be punished .
tr	O	Her ears were ringing , and she clasped her hands over her head , trying to plug the noise .
tr	O	I tried to move forward , but the medics pushed me back .
tr	I	Fishing was his quiet time , but he did all kinds of other stuff with me .
tr	O	I 've been through the bloody hills of Afghanistan , but there 's nothing scarier than opening yourself up to someone else , only to get shattered .
tr	O	That reminds me of what I wanted to ask her ... but it would have to wait .
tr	O	It won 't be in blue wax , but he 'll know it 's from me .
tr	O	Her heart pounded in fear and she worried she might be reading too much into their conversation over dinner .
tr	O	Peculiar ... and beginning to feel very much like home .
tr	O	She 'd been all-state back on the girls ' softball team in high school , and her hits had been pretty legendary .
tr	I	Now it rotated on a different axis , and her entire life had been thrown off kilter .
tr	O	She started to slam the door , but I caught it with my palm .
tr	O	Something was wrong , and that frightened me .
tr	O	Too late for what , I don 't want to think about , but my instincts tell me that I 've reached my capacity for self-control .
tr	I	I wondered if I needed to get a second job and my hours were being cut back due to the slower season .
tr	I	Already he was tired of feeling like a failure in his own home , and his wife had been gone less than a month .
tr	O	Blake supposed it didn 't matter at this point , but he still wanted to nail whoever invaded Samantha 's privacy .
tr	O	Resigned , he reached out , and I tugged him to the deck .
tr	I	I had obligations with the election , but he wanted to immediately come here .
tr	O	Everything always had to be picture perfect for her mother , and Jack Maguire was a huge black blot on this landscape .
tr	I	The myth Irene had briefly covered during my time at Eden Manor surfaced from its hiding spot in the back of my mind , and I frowned .
tr	O	You 'd think that being a queen would make you used to attention , but it was obviously not her comfort zone .
tr	I	With Claire watching , that would hardly make a good impression , but his first instinct was to kick it .
tr	O	His entire face paled within a few seconds , and then he was off me , diving for my computer .
tr	O	I pull myself into a seated position and Warner shifts to accommodate me .
tr	I	Part of my job is to rehab you , but I can 't force you , of course .
tr	I	I cut him off , but he started to answer .
tr	I	He carried it with him during the day , but Sebastian had a laptop .
tr	O	My head rested on the soft grass and I remember the world shifting yet again .
tr	O	I could hear the soft click of him opening the watch , and his voice died down the second he got a look inside .
tr	O	The inside of the farmhouse smelled like freshly baked bread , and a Billie Holliday song was playing softly over the stereo .
tr	O	Sylvia grabbed his hand and he turned back .
tr	I	She would be fun , but she was a real smart-ass .
tr	O	Her dark eyes were beautiful , and although they radiated mischief , they were , at that moment , not at all happy .
tr	I	I can 't see them anywhere but I look around for the Masons .
tr	O	He thought about just firing him outright , but he has the pickers pretty worked up .
tr	O	He slowed down and Sir Miles appeared above him , leaping down stairs half a dozen at a step .
tr	O	Maybe I 'd do better exiting onto the second floor , but it 's early still , the back halls nearly deserted .
tr	O	Shorts that seemed way too short now , but that 's what I always wore to bed .
tr	O	The flames got through my skull , immediately stabbing at my brain and the bolts of flames were tearing through it .
tr	I	The credits were rolling , but Kali could see nothing past the two men .
tr	O	She dreaded coming down here , and now she dreaded leaving .
tr	O	Only one person had the number , and it was only to be used to convey key information .
tr	O	Delilah put her hand in Boone 's and they headed for the door .
tr	I	She wouldn 't have been safe from Racer , but she might have been reasonably safe from the perils of Port Try Again .
tr	I	You can learn from it , but you can 't change it .
tr	O	She had to keep Bonnie safe - but that meant leaving Stefan , gentle Stefan , at the mercy of Shinichi .
tr	I	They had good reason to believe so , and at least that seemed to be the opinion of most people .
tr	I	He couldn 't shake it and an odd feeling suddenly came over him .
tr	I	She plowed on , but his eyes snapped back toward her , horrified .
tr	O	My mouth went dry and I tried to swallow .
tr	I	They were always getting robbed , and people were constantly stealing gas .
tr	O	The universe is rich with raw materials and if you already have the systems in place to harvest them , you can do so .
tr	I	They gave him more sips of the brandy and sometimes his face would crease up with pain .
tr	O	If he has to leave half the cargo it matters not , but tell him that he 'd better leave no more than that .
tr	I	It reeled him steadily toward the side of the lagoon , and a long strand of kelp wrapped his middle .
tr	I	Two work boots came into view and L.J. whispered as Harvey 's door opened .
tr	I	Jared 's father looked away and the taxi driver looked uncomfortable .
tr	O	I love when my senses are heightened , and the strong , pleasant odor of the flowers gave me a surge of euphoria .
tr	I	There 's some balloons to blow up and I have a couple of banners to put up .
tr	I	Her parents had long since stopped requesting her presence at these functions , and this wasn 't normally her type of party .
tr	O	Alice had been pregnant when she was changed , and Dad had suspected that Henry was the father .
tr	I	She questioned her wisdom of saving the attempt for last and her arm was throbbing .
tr	O	I tried to nod but I couldn 't manage .
tr	I	He let my hand go and I stepped on his feet .
tr	O	Slap a cowboy hat on his head and he was the GQ version of the damned Marlboro Man .
tr	I	Jules bowed and we caught an older couple laughing at us .
tr	I	I knew there was a very real chance I would be caught , and I knew it was risky .
tr	I	I 'll explain and ' Be quiet a minute , please .
tr	I	He must have recognized me , but I opened my mouth to introduce myself .
tr	O	I glance over each layer , but only the one above us has any details .
tr	I	It involved ice cream and I could get out of the house .
tr	O	If she could stand , she could walk , and if she could walk , she could run .
tr	I	At least he replied , but his replies were curt .
tr	O	I remembered flickers of my crew , the other survivors , but those images too were blurred to me now .
tr	O	Her bare , silky body was pressed all along his left side , and her slender arm was draped across his chest .
tr	I	He hesitated and she asked for his .
tr	I	He wanted me to know my place , and Granddad had very old-fashioned notions about things .
tr	O	The packet disappeared from her view , and there was a rustle of sheets .
tr	I	Many travelers brought many thirsts -- and one could rationalize this proportion by noting that this street was the road from Ft. Leavenworth to Ft. Riley .
tr	O	The blue-grey eyes sparkled and his mouth held just the semblance of a mischievous smile .
tr	O	I guess I can 't blame you , but I swear I only mean to help .
tr	I	She didn 't go running to the door as she normally would but Arie hopped up off the couch .
tr	I	They didn 't budge , but Barton motioned for them to lead .
tr	O	I saw the enemy go : endless lines of marching Orcs ; and troops of them mounted on great wolves .
tr	O	Hoyt was at a loss to fill his free time , and Jason was always up to something .
tr	O	He speaks to them , but we don 't stop .
tr	O	She didn 't feel like she could go much longer without food , and she was sure Josh was losing too much blood .
tr	I	Probably never would -- and he hadn 't even looked at me .
tr	O	Rhiannon quickly fol owed , but everyone moved out of her way .
tr	O	She was dying to know what Wilfred had to say , but she couldn 't rise from the bed to find out .
tr	O	The king came all that way , and they were too sick to notice .
tr	O	I was twenty-one at the time and I was at Duke .
tr	O	It rumbles forward , not waiting for us to sit , and he grabs me tighter .
tr	O	Mallory snickered , but her grin faded when Catcher stomped into the kitchen .
tr	O	He had a key , and he opened the door , not bothering with a knock .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to let him sidetrack me taking it personally , but his tone was scathing .
tr	I	So , the molten lead gradually oozing from his ears or he sat alone in silence for five minutes .
tr	I	I didn 't know , but she seemed a little better .
tr	O	Pete fled his apartment because his rent had risen to astronomical , incomprehensible numbers , and he was several month 's rent behind .
tr	O	Suddenly a shot rang out , and Frank fell from his horse .
tr	O	Stuart was happily married and he wasn 't afraid to embrace his emotions .
tr	O	In fact , I 'm pretty sure it wasn 't drugs , but I think there was some kind of other deals going on .
tr	O	The rest of the girls went too , but I didn 't even really hear them .
tr	O	He needed to talk about it and Ash needed the distraction from her own life .
tr	O	She recited a string of numbers , and I punched them into my phone .
tr	I	No more than that , our time was over , but I would see her off in my Royal capacity .
tr	I	She rolled me over , settling herself over me triumphantly , and my hold on Lili dropped .
tr	O	Doctors were with them , but they could not keep up with the demand .
tr	I	His eyes flickered black , and his voice went lower .
tr	O	Every table is filled , and men line the walls .
tr	O	Saylor didn 't say much , but I kept squeezing her hand .
tr	O	Matt Baker was tempted to ask Leslie what she thought her own reputation was , but he decided not to .
tr	O	His eyes are hazel and his hair is near white blond , like my Mom 's .
tr	O	We 're a family now and I need you so much .
tr	I	I figured it might just be him trying to reassure himself , but I wanted to ask him how he was so sure .
tr	O	He stepped between her thighs , and her hands rose automatically as if to ward him off .
tr	O	The thought occurred to me speared might be a better death than ripped apart , and I willed her to throw herself on the sharp points .
tr	O	Paul refused to talk to him for the next couple of weeks , and Mark made no attempt to make amends .
tr	O	Sitting up , Elena rubbed her eyes , and then she smiled .
tr	O	My mouth dried and my throat constricted .
tr	I	I was still exhausted , despite having gone to bed at nearly 9 pm and it was 5 am .
tr	I	They think the trees will cause subsidence in the embankment , and the track east of town is elevated on a bank .
tr	I	I was irrational , but it was satisfying .
tr	O	The sound of a baby crying started again and I jumped , screaming .
tr	I	Claire felt goosebumps rise on her arms beneath her jacket and suddenly a roar cut through the silence .
tr	I	She had no doubt that Simon believed it was , but she knew her post-pregnancy body was far from perfect .
tr	O	A huge smile spread across Emily 's face , and she drummed happily on the steering wheel .
tr	O	Michael took one and I took a second one , just to keep him company .
tr	I	She 's calm , but she 's still wary .
tr	O	I press myself back into the little nook but it 's really not wide enough for me .
tr	O	The goons were not onboard Teleport , but he guessed they would be nearby .
tr	O	He missed , and the shiny cylinder banged across the linoleum .
tr	O	Her dark hair had grown out to a decent length at last and her mood brightened as she continued to study her features .
tr	O	We 're part of the world , but we were forced out of it .
tr	O	The cake was still warm and the scoop of ice cream next to it was starting to melt .
tr	O	a voice shouts , but it 's nothing to do with me .
tr	O	With anyone else I 'd get annoyed with that question , but coming from Aiden , it made me love him more .
tr	I	Neither smiled as she approached their desk , but they were dressed in the same uniforms .
tr	I	The FBI is looking at you for mob activity and Joe Fortuna 's in some kind of mess .
tr	O	We live in Wolf Creek , a small town in Minnesota , and my mom runs a daycare in our house .
tr	I	His team took the cue to follow him and he inclined his head toward the bunker entrance .
tr	I	Their lips met , and he raised himself up on his elbows just as she leaned down .
tr	O	I might have still looked like Lila Hart on the outside , but it was time to be Kitty Doe on the inside .
tr	I	They laughed , and she blurted .
tr	O	Melanie looked at him , but he stared forward .
tr	O	This woman came here looking for sweets and she got into an argument with Della .
tr	O	The portal squeaked open , and three men came out .
tr	I	My head falls back against the mattress and I cry out as I arc into him .
tr	O	Someone was - no , he couldn 't watch , but he couldn 't get it out of his head .
tr	O	I am his only child and I was brought up all my life to rule .
tr	O	Reuben was fine with it , yet something about her suddenly struck him as strange .
tr	I	There was no sign of recognition from Kincaid but Caitlin greeted him with stiff formality .
tr	O	The dragon had barely touched her and again she was melting in his hands , falling apart under his fingers .
tr	O	Sure , Sergio would have had to go on vacation with Olivia , but if anyone could handle themselves , it was him .
tr	O	Her hand lifted , and she curled her fingers around his biceps .
tr	O	If anyone saw , her reputation would be maligned , but she 'd little patience with that sort of nonsense .
tr	I	I talked and the other reporters were silent as Mike .
tr	O	Kara contained her reactions better and she did not wake Rachel .
tr	O	A minute passed , then two , and nothing changed .
tr	O	His fingers dug into my flesh , but the pain only fed my rage .
tr	I	A man bustled through behind the bar , and the main door had activated a chime .
tr	O	Nell seemed to consider that seriously , and Helen felt herself begin to relax .
tr	I	At the same time he felt drawn to her like a small nail is attracted by a giant magnet , but he saw her absent .
tr	O	His hands disappeared underneath the towel for a moment , and she found herself hoping it would fall .
tr	I	He wasn 't entirely sure what he 'd told them , and his memories of the last few days were patchy at best .
tr	O	You 're distracting me , and I need to concentrate .
tr	I	I know he 'd never hurt me on purpose , but maybe that should terrify me because of our bond .
tr	O	His jaw clenched and I resisted the urge to smile .
tr	I	She wanted , or Wherever he wanted .
tr	O	It 's a little over three months before they have to perform for the class , but I 'm counting down the days .
tr	I	He clutched the unborn from within and the demon knew Iseo wanted the child inside of her more than her own life .
tr	O	I looked at the screen as I passed her the phone , and I nearly dropped it again when I saw Jared 's name .
tr	O	I could be wrong , but I think I 'm looking at my birth certificate .
tr	O	Copies of the video were in libraries in most major cities and the original was held by the Global Space Council .
tr	O	After a moment I nodded and we set into motion again .
tr	I	He hadn 't seemed to bat an eyelash doing it and James had almost destroyed a young girl 's future for his own personal gain .
tr	O	His feet entangled with Goliath 's just as his strength began to leave , and he lost the hold .
tr	I	It wasn 't ogling Allison and he had a job tonight .
tr	I	You know it 's quite officially and it is in all my documents .
tr	I	Unlike most impressions , they weren 't through the perspective of just one person , but Chapter 11 Images exploded across my mind .
tr	I	He never once made a move on her , but she wished it was .
tr	I	The bar dropped from the door and with a twist of his wrist the lock snapped open .
tr	I	Pete , also in his bathrobe , was walking back to the house in step with Preston and he had awakened Pete in his aircraft .
tr	I	His lips nuzzle my wet hair and his hands slide down my back .
tr	O	I doubt I 'll ever cure this wanderlust , and I 'm content with dedicating my life to failing to sate it .
tr	I	She didn 't stop and she didn 't answer .
tr	I	He knew he didn 't have what it took to be good ... to be a hunter like he was but he was a good officer .
tr	I	One left the room in panic , and the two nurses began speaking then .
tr	I	Like his shirt , the top button of his pants was undone , and he 'd removed his belt .
tr	I	Simon quickly held up one hand to keep her where she was and she started toward him .
tr	I	They stepped through together , and he saw her take Alec 's hand .
tr	I	I 've had so many already , and one day is all I deserved .
tr	O	A.J. stirred in his arms and his breath caught as her eyes opened .
tr	I	I knew he was up to something and he had an ornery look on his face .
tr	I	He could bear that because despite its force , it was secondary to the horrible emptiness , but the pain was like being eaten alive .
tr	I	It drew out more of the intoxicating blood that was already swirling around the room , afflicting them all , but another small knick .
tr	O	This might be evidence that werewolves are the culprits , since they like to travel in packs , but it isn 't firm proof .
tr	I	I wanted to answer every damn one of them and I could see the questions in her eyes .
tr	O	He 's an ugly young fellow to begin with , and the slobbering doesn 't improve him very much .
tr	I	There was a furtive , cunning quality about him as he stood over her , like predator over prey , but he should have looked protective .
tr	O	Because to me driving meant growing up and I didn 't want to grow up .
tr	O	There was a glass wall that looked into the office and his eye caught something he had missed as he walked past .
tr	I	The bathroom was empty , but I glanced around behind us .
tr	I	Every file is appropriately color coded and every office tool has a place .
tr	I	It would be of little use , or he had to find the screen first .
tr	O	Iain rapped on the door , and it opened to reveal a young man .
tr	O	The light went fuzzy and everything in sight blurred except her .
tr	O	His mouth moves , like he 's on the verge of saying something about how I look , but he stops short of commenting .
tr	I	Drew was pulling her into his arms and soon the preacher was pronouncing them remarried .
tr	I	We followed as soon as we could and Tyler saw you get on the highway .
tr	I	They just had time to pile into a pickup driven by Jason Hamilton and Ruthie dragged him out to the parking lot .
tr	I	It seems that you have brought as our savior a bird of prey , and these are tough times .
tr	O	Mother had warned her about Zeke , and Charlotte had laughed in her face .
tr	I	He stared into my eyes deeply and our faces were nose to nose .
tr	O	The lock clicked open , and the door swung forward .
tr	I	I had the same amount that I would chip in and she had given me some money to do this .
tr	I	I 'll return tomorrow if I can , but my shift is nearing its end now .
tr	O	Maybe Karen had screwed up dinner twelve years ago , but she sure as hell had perfected it since .
tr	O	She couldn 't hear footsteps , but that didn 't mean anything .
tr	I	As I stroked his silken fur I felt myself relax somewhat , but my heart was beating hard .
tr	O	She stood in the entryway and he took her face in his hands .
tr	O	Those few short chuckles give way to a long sigh , and she leans in until her forehead rests against my chest .
tr	I	Then he hung up on me , and he asked .
tr	I	There stood an angel across the dark room , glowing softly , and I looked up from the ground where I lay .
tr	I	Eventually I was relieved to fly back to Washington State , and three weeks had seemed more like three years to me .
tr	O	I don 't know what I expected , but she wasn 't it .
tr	O	There was no sign which department of the station they had landed in , but Ezra didn 't care .
tr	O	Gloriana was still smiling at her , but it didn 't look warm anymore .
tr	O	The way back wasn 't far , but Julie thought it wise to start moving before they lacked the light to guide their way .
tr	I	As soon as I was outside , I sat down , but Pride had gotten me off the floor of the gym .
tr	I	He stared at me a second , then leaned forward and his eyes went wide .
tr	O	I 'm sorry , Eve , but that 's not the point .
tr	I	Xavier was impressed and nikolas showed off the house 's cooling convection system .
tr	O	His eyes went blank and he lay still .
tr	I	She felt if she ate anything , it would surely stick in her throat , but she hated wasting such well prepared food .
tr	I	Eve was used to it , but there was silence for the space of a few heartbeats .
tr	O	This time Judas could be heard giving a mournful howl from somewhere within , but there was still no reply .
tr	O	The candles began to flicker , and the room grew colder .
tr	I	Still she said nothing -- offering only a smile , but Harry made sure Zoe saw him looking .
tr	I	It couldn 't have felt like this , but I had no doubt he 'd bred to keep the Wolf population up .
tr	I	My shoulders sagged in relief and once his door closed I let out the breath I 'd been holding .
tr	O	I didn 't want to think nothing more of their close association but something was up .
tr	O	You associated with the unholy ones and you even descended to their level .
tr	O	The car came to a stop and Amanda rolled her window down .
tr	I	It was equally sexy that he wasn 't exactly one of them , but it was nice that he could hang with the boys .
tr	I	The number goes up each year , and last year our country spent six billion on medical costs directly related to smoking .
tr	I	I 've done just fine , but I might be cynical when it comes to relationships .
tr	I	I thought it was going very well and I began to speak .
tr	I	The tears rolled down his cheeks , but his face was bland .
tr	I	She 'd waited sixteen years for the opportunity to ask , but the sight of Valerie didn 't leave Jasmine much hope .
tr	O	she snapped , and Puck winced .
tr	I	As soon as she saw us she made a beeline over to us and I saw Samira talking with a few people .
tr	I	It felt longer to him , but it took only a second .
tr	I	Turnabout was fair play , but he rarely took a life these days .
tr	O	It makes the area of the tattoo sting a little , but there 's no way I 'm going to pull back .
tr	O	He had always thought Ms. Roberts was single , but maybe he was wrong .
tr	O	It was her word against his and she was the bigger stranger here .
tr	I	The badge Agent Houston had just proudly flashed did him more harm than good when it came to her , but sure she trusted Burnett .
tr	O	I smiled a little but I wanted to cry .
tr	O	She rarely left her part of the forest to explore the deeper more mountainous areas , but she knew that was where he was taking her .
tr	I	His laptop was in the living room , but I 'd hoped this was an excuse to go into his bedroom .
tr	O	His next question was a silent one , but she knew he was wondering nonetheless .
tr	I	I 'd have to give him an answer , and I knew he 'd be back next week .
tr	I	His grip 's too tight that it hurts but it could 've been so sweet of him .
tr	O	Kat tried to get to shelter , but her legs betrayed her .
tr	I	Maybe he could have been anyone , but he 'd thought she was glad to see him specifically .
tr	I	The clean snow showed that not much was flowing along them , but there were still sewage gutters along the sides of the street .
tr	O	She really wanted to see Ethan tomorrow , but she couldn 't let her new roommate sleep on a blow up bed for an entire week .
tr	I	His once smooth face was now covered by a shabby beard and he had grown out his sandy blond hair .
tr	O	The arena was seldom used anyway , but they were starting to ask for quite a lot .
tr	I	I hear quickening orders being shouted between them and the cab is now engulfed .
tr	O	The low mooing of the cow in the barn sounds frightened and the sheep are ... silent .
tr	O	I wanted to scream ' I need you ' as she walked out just to let her know I cared , but I bit my tongue .
tr	I	When Thibault started toward the driver 's side to open the door for her , she shook her head , and they reached the car .
tr	O	CHAPTER 6 EDEN MANOR The rumor around town was that she 'd had a brain aneurysm , but I knew better .
tr	I	There were no pictures , and no numbers were assigned .
tr	I	I wasn 't afraid , and it didn 't hurt .
tr	O	If he fired , being a foot further wouldn 't help me , but my movement was instinctive .
tr	I	I knew better , but the rest of Forks was under the impression that the older Cullens had gone off to college this year , to Dartmouth .
tr	O	She was expecting to save him , but she wasn 't expecting such close contact while doing so .
tr	O	I was miserable the entire way , but I 'd never done anything like it .
tr	O	She 'd needed us and we tried to help .
tr	O	He tried to offer some sense of comfort , but his attention was already split too many ways .
tr	I	For the next hour , time would creep for Sarah , and then they would all sit down together .
tr	I	I hadn 't concentrated on any of them , but we 'd just watched three episodes of Ivy Springs .
tr	O	She hurriedly closes it , but before she can , we see over her shoulder that it was open to an article about Brazil .
tr	O	She smiles and there is no fear there now .
tr	O	They are behind the shrubs lining the psychiatric building and I can hear Anthony pleading with Renee to leave with him tonight .
tr	I	Natalie wasn 't interested , but Liam wanted to reconcile .
tr	O	You 'll read as Samuel Snips , and Francis there will be Theodore Rhombus .
tr	I	You 're at a grand ball , and it 's Masquerade .
tr	O	Fellows had shrugged off his coat and now he draped it over Louisa .
tr	I	It had my grandmother 's hand in it and it came from a legendary , historical house !
tr	I	Your fangs still aren 't there , but Ryder said you were a vamp .
tr	O	His hold on me didn 't ease , but I allowed him to lead me away .
tr	I	Gray knew that his control was gone and her moans were now closer to screams .
tr	O	Her body had gone rigid , but Rausch heard her breath quicken .
tr	I	He stared , and then he stopped .
tr	O	Her hands shook , and a sour knot had formed in the pit of her stomach .
tr	O	He wants to tell her he loves Elijah , but he 's afraid it won 't sound convincing .
tr	I	We linked arms as we went out into the lobby of the venue , where there was no sign of life and I nodded .
tr	I	In its place cheery wallpaper hung , and ascending the stairs , she noticed the wood paneling was missing .
tr	O	Elizabeth nodded , and Reece felt a wave of anxiety rush through her .
tr	O	Holly calls out now , and Ted runs off .
tr	I	I managed to drag myself away from the field where no one could find me , but I knew I was going to die .
tr	O	Lara made him feel young again , and she made everything exciting for him .
tr	O	He has it all , yet he needs even more .
tr	O	I wish I had known her , but I 'm happy I always had you .
tr	I	Though bald , he had a bristly beard and he was dressed in old , simple clothes .
tr	I	That tingle that they felt between them would become touch , and that their fingers would meet again , at long last .
tr	I	I can meet you at Metro or you can come by my office .
tr	I	When everyone was buckled up , he started the engine and following roll out , Ted assisted the women into the copter .
tr	I	Her red hair was blowing in the late afternoon breeze , and she was a tall drink of woman .
tr	O	The pride in her voice touched me , though , and I couldn 't bear to tell her that part of the truth .
tr	O	As the first crash of her orgasm slammed into her , she called out his name and Garrett felt her body spasm around his .
tr	O	Moving my lips to her neck , I kissed her and pushing up her bra up , letting her breasts fall free .
tr	O	Her supposed white knight had taken advantage of her , and she couldn 't recall how much she 'd told him .
tr	O	He was ready for a run on the beach , but his usual partner had a date .
tr	O	Human beings could lie and robots be instructed .
tr	I	Its towers speared the sky , and it sprawled over the land .
tr	O	He looked a little conflicted but he finally nodded .
tr	I	It got the point across , but not quite as menacing as a vampire smile .
tr	O	I would be going home for Thanksgiving and I planned to drop the bomb then .
tr	O	She was a linguist , but she was also a strategist .
tr	O	Bill moved closer , and Tammie began to shake .
tr	O	He might not want a real marriage , but his pride demanded at least the pretense .
tr	O	The car growled up one last steep incline and she could see the end of the road .
tr	I	I couldn 't do it from a distance , but the three of us were sent here to keep an eye on you .
tr	I	She 's holding back but she wants to cry .
tr	O	Suddenly the air was full of those languorous bullwhip cracks , and the thin white cables were drifting down all around us .
tr	I	We can give her better and this is a day that deserves better .
tr	I	Devin crouched over his torso , and he was on the ground , his back against the pavement .
tr	O	It was like I 'd failed a test , and I wasn 't looking forward to the day when Mr. Solomon found out .
tr	O	A man of 45 years , he was a long way from inexperienced , but she made him feel like a kid again .
tr	I	Then there was silence , and Kenny heard Sarah cry out .
tr	O	Josie should have walked away , but she never did when Emily came to call .
tr	I	I do not feel influenced at all , yet he is trying to hypnotize me in some way .
tr	I	Nothing was ever enough , and Casey was like a drug .
tr	I	His forehead damp with sweat and his thigh was on fire .
tr	O	They should not be where they are , but I dare not get rid of them .
tr	I	He was nowhere to be seen , but I whipped around to refute Cyrus .
tr	I	There was obvious tension in his shoulders as he struggled to contain himself , but the corners of his lips tipped up in a smile .
tr	O	They may offer many things , but those offers conceal lies .
tr	I	He does have brains , but the man may be a pain in the ass .
tr	O	I knocked him down with a heavy blow to the head , and he lay still for just long enough to make me think he was out .
tr	I	I gasped , and his lips brushed the space below my ear .
tr	O	Research suggest that Toxoplasma may also effect human behavior and the parasite does infect brain tissue .
tr	O	She started to giggle and it made bubbles that tickled her eyelids .
tr	I	Instinctively she pulled back and he let a finger slip under her halter .
tr	I	He didn 't care if he had to kill Vic to do it , and Lucas only wanted blood .
tr	I	It was deserted , but she glanced from side to side .
tr	O	I began to protest , but the look on his face said he wasn 't going to take no for an answer .
tr	O	The light was so intense that it hurt my eyes , but I didn 't dare look away .
tr	O	A gunshot rang out , and Chuck saw the glass in the car door shatter .
tr	O	She would like to spend more time with him , but he was so strange .
tr	O	All of you are guests of the Senate , and therefore you will all stay in this house .
tr	I	We both saw it , but she thought that it was hidden from us .
tr	O	She understood , but she couldn 't seem to leave , despite the soldiers amassing in the forest around us .
tr	I	I laugh , and her eyes meet mine .
tr	I	She had a tall friend with her , and she was about a foot taller than me even in my stilettos .
tr	I	Images of her childhood leapt into his brain , and she opened her mind again to him .
tr	O	Adrien had caught the boy up in his arms , a sign of affection , yet he was a vampire .
tr	O	Given my grasp of Sioux , I had no idea , but it was pretty clear we were not attending a celebration .
tr	O	I 've got to get out of here , or I 'll be burned alive by that thing .
tr	I	He rolled right into the only question that mattered and he felt the demonic fire burn in his eyes .
tr	I	The flames seemed to lick all the sweat from his body , and a fire blazed nearby , so hot that his skin itched .
tr	I	I liked it , and she smelled tough .
tr	O	He learns fast and with Franco guiding him I know he can only succeed .
tr	O	There was a ball game on TV , and the waiter was leaning on the bar , watching .
tr	O	I felt uneasy when it wasn 't between us anymore , but they kept their distance .
tr	I	Nick wasn 't disappointed , and * * * Nick counted on Isaiah to weed out the needy from the greedy .
tr	O	He pulled the car over and Della realized they were there .
tr	I	I don 't blame her and she is keeping her distance now .
tr	I	Shane was eating an Oreo blast and I had a banana cream shake .
tr	O	You have flu and you 're delirious .
tr	I	He was smarter , but maybe Jasmine was smart .
tr	O	He might have not told her the whole truth , but he wasn 't going to apologize for what he 'd done .
tr	I	It never lessened the impact but he threatened me so often .
tr	O	He was sitting higher in the seat , and his hands were covered in hair .
tr	I	There was much work left that needed to be done on that , and the literary tea was scheduled in the first half of the week .
tr	O	She moaned as she felt his hardness , and in response he became even more aroused .
tr	I	We both froze and a loud male voice shouted behind me .
tr	I	I wanted to check it out for myself and girls from my soccer team were always talking about them .
tr	I	Her heart fluttered and he smiled again .
tr	O	It was calling to her , and she knew what it was .
tr	O	You could hardly believe it was standing , the way the west side had sunk , and to think this clan insisted upon living there !
tr	O	I pushed him away with my foot , but he came right back , not getting the hint .
tr	O	He turned to go on along the passageway , but he recoiled sharply as his foot came down on something soft .
tr	O	I try not to look suspicious , but my motivations are not good ones .
tr	I	Allie walked away and the clerk gave her a funny look .
tr	O	The door was shut to the guest room I was staying in , and I was literally practicing the words out loud .
tr	I	I had no intention of sharing my personal business with them , but I would cooperate with them for the sake of my safety .
tr	O	She giggled and even though her tone was lighter , I didn 't feel better .
tr	I	Then he swung the bucket around his arm holding the flashlight and every now .
tr	I	A flurry of leaves whirled down the street , and the September wind rattled the windows .
tr	I	The wounded rose to fight another day , and the battle on the hillside dwindled in spirit .
tr	I	All that and you know -- business partners .
tr	O	CHAPTER SIXTEEN I focused al my attention on Savannah 's horrified face , but nothing else came .
tr	I	A mocking smile curved his lips , and the Reaper spotted me at once .
tr	I	In its place a new one appears and that memory fades .
tr	O	I could feel frustrated tears forming , and I tried to blink them back .
tr	O	Open the gate and you will see .
tr	O	The wound in my chest was shrinking , and far above us I saw the faintest signs of dawn breaking through the inky night .
tr	O	My father was satisfied with his answer as well and he turned to me .
tr	I	She sensed so much more beneath the surface , yet he was always outwardly calm , tranquil even .
tr	I	I forced myself to stay in the moment a little longer , but my world threatened to crash down around me .
tr	I	The fleet was back up to full speed and Truman joined him once the bridge had been repaired .
tr	O	I blush , but he doesn 't seem to notice .
tr	I	I brought her home and she was drunk out of her mind .
tr	O	We held each other 's gaze , and I refused to back down .
tr	O	Finally the noise was over and the afternoon river quiet returned .
tr	I	My father is placing my hand upon his and I am at the end of the aisle .
tr	O	Their ears perked up , but they didn 't turn toward me .
tr	I	I didn 't think I could take being around him every day , but I wanted the job , hell I needed the job .
tr	O	John chooses Six with his first pick , and Nine selects Eight .
tr	I	Tears were running down his face , unchecked , and he held a bloody sword in one hand .
tr	O	Hawthorne was killed and my brother wounded while investigating St. John .
tr	I	Her fingers shook badly , but she appeared calm .
tr	I	There was no one he could talk to about this , and he felt very much as though he was in over his head .
tr	I	This other kid I don 't know approaches first , but I wait for the dumping to begin , keeping my eyes on Terrell .
tr	I	My eyes closed and my head went back .
tr	O	Christian claimed he 'd been down in the mouth , but it didn 't compare to how she 'd felt .
tr	O	She 's tough , and she expects other witches to be tough > because the edge is no place for people who break .
tr	I	She eyed Adam with urgency and she was out of breath .
tr	O	It was as if she worried he would leave and the full force of the pain would return .
tr	I	Some of them had gone out and the lights on the promenade blinked .
tr	I	She was through with me , and she 'd done her job .
tr	O	To his credit , her father had paid her college expenses , but Emma refused to have anything to do with him .
tr	O	Olivia glanced at Mo and he counted them off .
tr	O	Other girls have tried and it has ended badly .
tr	O	We walk down the stairs to the dinner hall and they already have food laid out .
tr	O	He started to look for the enormous building but there was only vacant hilly space where it should have been .
tr	O	I would never have done this back home , but the American in Spain said try something out of your comfort zone .
tr	O	The wind couldn 't be read and you couldn 't write on water .
tr	I	I said no , and Jean asked .
tr	O	Her cheeks were flushed with excitement , and the moonlight glowed in her eyes .
tr	I	He didn 't even wince , but there was a loud popping sound in his hip as he spun .
tr	O	The ship had traveled thousands of miles and here I was witnessing its last steps .
tr	O	I gently picked him up and he cried out in pain .
tr	I	He could hear them whining outside , snarling in the shadows , but he saw no wolves .
tr	I	I was surprised by the aggression in her movements , and I let her take the lead .
tr	O	She didn 't miss sex with Michael and she didn 't look for it elsewhere .
tr	I	Now he has to walk it and he chose his path .
tr	I	I look down at his hands and that reminds me of Shark 's knuckles .
tr	O	Her cheek stung , and she tasted blood .
tr	I	You just pointed it out , and the guy is an ass .
tr	O	His playful smile had her eyes narrow and lips draw into a pout .
tr	O	She knew each of the white boys by name , and she gave each of them a few new ones .
tr	I	He was ahead of her , but she reached for his buttons .
tr	I	It was all Graeme could do not to carry her away from everyone , and her lips trembled , betraying her upset .
tr	I	She was right , but he got the impression that pep talk was aimed more at herself than him .
tr	I	It surprised her , and she was nervous .
tr	I	Someone else will have to do the Telling , and it will not be long before I will go as well .
tr	O	Trust me , you will feel more comfortable with yourself in time and you may even find that you desire to practice both sides of medicine .
tr	I	We can send you out to earn the money instead of your whore of a mother and one day , maybe you 'll be useful .
tr	I	Levana sucked in a breath , realizing that her palms were sweating , and Solstice glanced up in surprise .
tr	I	Then jammed on the brakes hard and accelerated for twenty yards .
tr	I	I 'll kick your ass , but I may be tiny .
tr	O	Every muscle in my body ached , and I really wanted to sit down .
tr	O	Her teeth chattered and Johnnie took notice .
tr	I	It might be another dancer , or it might be the guards .
tr	O	I have been with you all this day and I dare not abandon my own life any longer .
tr	O	A look of betrayal replaced the confusion , and Ellie 's lower lip began to tremble .
tr	I	Since the army he had never had a vehicle of his own , and in the army there had been guys to do it for him .
tr	I	I don 't want you worrying about custody and you need to stop making excuses for him .
tr	I	I had to feel him and I pulsed with want .
tr	I	God knew everyone were scared these days , and it made big men feel better to hit someone when they were scared .
tr	I	Henry scowled , falling silent , and said Diana with a huff .
tr	I	She turned slowly to look at the door and her back stiffened .
tr	I	I couldn 't see any more than that , but a couple of fairly pretty girls were getting things set up behind the counter .
tr	I	She wouldn 't ... not yet anyway but she wanted to be sick , to throw up .
tr	I	It would be a wasted effort , but she could try to overpower him .
tr	I	She wasn 't looking at me , but I shot a glance at her .
tr	I	He used his teeth to finish opening it and one of the nuts was partially cracked opened .
tr	I	I 'll give you the process and show me his body .
tr	I	The unhappy adolescent they 'd had little patience for , nor he was no longer the hatchling they 'd adored .
tr	O	Jesse strained to see , but still he saw nothing .
tr	I	In my heart I understood why , but I knew he had secrets .
tr	I	I knew , but I asked .
tr	I	I will , if I have to , but I don 't want to hurt anyone .
tr	I	It 's not like I speak Latin , but I know what I hope it means .
tr	O	Then she remembered that she needed to tighten her corset if she was going out with Raoul , and she hurriedly set to undoing the knot .
tr	O	We shall transfer momentum and we shall pull out .
tr	I	I know how to get there , but it should be shut up now .
tr	O	He was stark naked in a public place , and he did not want the police getting involved .
tr	O	Her voice is quiet , but the slightest bit insistent .
tr	O	She had rehearsed this plan many times , and the opportunity would never again be hers .
tr	I	She asked none of them , but questions filled Jain 's mind .
tr	O	I know it , and you know it .
tr	I	I 'm not able to look round , but I hear a shout to my left .
tr	I	When Sunshine was wearing it , he didn 't mind at all , but he 'd never cared for the sensation of denim on his body before .
tr	I	Some actually believe that they are not as smart as white people and many accept what they are .
tr	I	I had to bite my lip on a retort , lest I really did get a fight going , and Zoe nodded in confirmation .
tr	I	They overflowed her chiseled cheekbone and tears filled her swollen eyelids .
tr	O	It had been horrible , but at least everyone had had a fighting chance to survive .
tr	I	He decided to paint me as a black widow and someone I turned down ?
tr	I	Jim wiped them free with a single stroke of his hand and her lashes stuck shut , with the heavy moisture .
tr	I	I ran to her , collapsing beside her , and she collapsed .
tr	O	They weren 't yelling for help , and those shrieks weren 't telling him much .
tr	I	They crashed to the platform and she rammed into his shoulder .
tr	O	Every muscle inside of him wanted to move , to feel the friction of her body but he waited .
tr	O	She 'd never been a talker in bed , but with Zach she couldn 't seem to hold back what she was feeling .
tr	O	The newly formed Council all rose to their feet as I entered the room , but I immediately raised my hands .
tr	O	His eyebrows danced and his eyes pointed at my backside .
tr	I	She wasn 't heartless but she might be a pain in my ass .
tr	O	Liv is twenty , and Zoe is sixteen .
tr	O	It would cool before anyone noticed and they would be long gone before that .
tr	I	She had a strong grip but I tried to pull away .
tr	O	I used to be able to travel at the speed of light , but now I have to walk to get where I want to go .
tr	I	Now fate had brought them together several times , but for nineteen years they hadn 't seen each other .
tr	I	He pulled the dress over her head , forcing her arms up with it and she clamped her mouth shut .
tr	O	An unmarked police car pulled up to the corner , and two detectives got out .
tr	O	Birgit wrinkles her nose slightly , and the puzzled look comes back .
tr	I	I wasn 't in any pain anymore , and my only solace was that I wasn 't dead .
tr	I	Bear listened , and I talked .
tr	I	Everyone was looking at me with a kind of excited horror and when I came to , I was tied to a hospital bed .
tr	I	I scrambled to get dressed and his tone was far from welcoming .
tr	O	Her phone buzzed , and she looked at it .
tr	O	It was still hours until dawn and he was reluctant to seek his rest so early .
tr	I	She kept it at her side , but her hand itched toward her sword .
tr	O	There wasn 't a car in sight , but she still felt on edge .
tr	I	It 's not working but she 's great at trying to distract me .
tr	O	She was wearing just her panties and the extra-large T-shirt Kellan had given her out of the chest at the foot of the bed .
tr	I	Taking it out on you and I 'm just a little hung-over .
tr	I	She refused to let them surface , but the tears were trapped deep inside .
tr	I	Now it was Susan 's as well and it had always been my favorite white wine .
tr	O	he asked , too kind for me not to be embarrassed , and I refused to look him in the eye .
tr	I	She forced herself to ignore it , and Heat curled lower in her belly .
tr	I	Maggie strained to catch some semblance of her name being mentioned , and a garbled message in French came over the public address system .
tr	I	You 'll get through this with two beautiful babies in your arms and you need to be strong .
tr	I	I was afraid to ruin things by bringing it up , and Hailey seemed to be getting along with the guys again .
tr	I	That wasn 't one , and I 've been in this field long enough to know an out of the blue guess .
tr	I	The world seemed to shift under her feet and her lips parted .
tr	O	I 'd been on the go for a quarter-century , and I felt that I owed myself a vacation .
tr	O	He let people talk about her and guys treat her like shit .
tr	I	He screamed in pain as flames seized his bare feet , and his legs swung down into the burning lower level of his house .
tr	I	When the prince saw her son , he knew the boy was his son , too , and it was a shock to her when she did .
tr	I	She didn 't , but I half expected her to snap at me to leave it alone , like she used to do when I was younger .
tr	O	I know people mean well , but it doesn 't change anything .
tr	O	Maybe I 'm starting to understand Van 's insistence on having friends , or maybe I 'm just nervous to be put face to face with Ivy .
tr	O	A few more pieces of heat shield broke loose but the flames were gone .
tr	I	A large crowd was a nightmare to him , and there was a large crowd watching the proceedings .
tr	I	When he opened his eyes they were as crystal clear as the mountain sky , and she held a dark-haired baby in her arms .
tr	O	Rich had always enjoyed being with his young nephews , but he hadn 't truly appreciated them until that evening .
tr	O	She thought of leaving , but Paul was sobbing uncontrollably .
tr	I	I suspected all kinds of emotion hid there , and his eyes were dilated to full black .
tr	I	I promised I wouldn 't nag him , but hearing my fiance wasn 't eating tugged at my nerves .
tr	O	The soldiers at the end of the room jumped and Captain Perry quickly clapped his hand over her mouth .
tr	O	I didn 't , but God it hurt .
tr	O	Ward eased , but the horseback brigand kept the sword where it was , the edge threateningly close .
tr	O	There was no worse fate for a woman than to go unmarried and most girls of good family were betrothed long before their thirteenth birthday .
tr	I	It hurt too much , but Misty wanted to laugh .
tr	O	I was just a miserable person and all of the lies were turning my soul black .
tr	O	The agony of the wound sapped his will to fight as energy drained out of him , and he let Anton go .
tr	O	The thought hadn 't occurred to me , and I instinctively turn to look back at the Escalade .
tr	O	My dad was weak and he started sobbing , begging the men to spare his life .
tr	O	Could have forced her to continue this conversation , but I sensed it wouldn 't go the way I wanted it to .
tr	I	I was able to pull it from his grasp and Jackson 's grip on my hand loosened .
tr	O	The captain stopped in the open space before the throne , and Celaena halted with him .
tr	I	She leaned into his touch and his hand cupped her chin .
tr	O	It had been sensible to bring another family member with her , but she regretted letting her mother talk her into bringing this one .
tr	I	Trying to hide it or he wasn 't ashamed .
tr	I	Many of them slept on wet ground since they hadn 't dug trenches around the tents and they 'd only erected tents the night before .
tr	I	Her fingers wrapped tightly around the stem of her empty wine glass , and her eyes darted to the window , staring at the blue jay .
tr	O	He was wearing a hospital gown , and he was hooked up to lots of things .
tr	O	Management is a factor and your profile isn 't high .
tr	O	Everyone had a better idea , and some even flew .
tr	I	She 's barely eating and she hasn 't wanted to do anything .
tr	I	The bubbles tickled my nose , and I took a careful sip .
tr	I	His eyes were dark and his face was pale .
tr	O	We 'd been back at school for more than a week , but so far no one had said his name .
tr	O	Our story is dead and our evidence has been ridiculed .
tr	I	She found it strangely arousing , but she thought it would unnerve her .
tr	I	The heat in her was enough to warm both of them , but he should have been cold .
tr	O	I 've seen dozens of girls like her , and they all end up the same way .
tr	I	He remained tightly leashed unlike in the past when that last maneuver would have made him putty in her hands , but his breath hissed .
tr	I	Yet they died and your forefathers ate this bread .
tr	O	She knew they had no future together , but she still worried he would walk away when he learned who she was .
tr	O	He had stepped just outside the border of his village , but he hadn 't killed anything .
tr	I	I understand Draven 's concern about finding the right people for our army and Everything becomes clear to me as I read the words .
tr	I	Having Peter refuse to back him up must be adding to his burden and he 's been worn down by the events of the last few days .
tr	O	I knew it , and I did it anyway .
tr	O	People sometimes like to win a little ugly fame for themselves by making trouble for celebrities , and a celebrity is certainly what you are .
tr	I	She had to learn that , and it wasn 't .
tr	O	They were miles above , of course , but still they seemed so close .
tr	O	I needed a new way out and I needed it quickly .
tr	I	His parents had opened it , but it was addressed to him .
tr	I	She was trapped naked behind a rock , completely worthless , and then he was as good as captured .
tr	O	Maybe none of them had powers , but he did .
tr	I	Ever the most brazen it was up to her to carry it out but the others had wanted to ask .
tr	I	He wouldn 't be my Trey , but the next time I saw him he would still be Trey .
tr	I	I knew that would just make it worse , but my arms should be comforting her , not her own .
tr	O	Her voice breaks a bit , and she sucks in a breath .
tr	O	He would associate her with her father and he 'd be furious that she 'd duped him .
tr	I	She was already running down the sloping aisle between the rows of seats , but her mother reached for her .
tr	I	He closed his mouth and Ice realized his jaw had fallen open .
tr	O	The mare wasn 't a warhorse , but it was spirited .
tr	O	She couldn 't get away unscathed , or the cops would never buy her story .
tr	I	I won 't wake up and sometimes I 'm afraid something will go wrong .
tr	O	Garrick 's hand came down on Dom 's arm , and he squeezed a little harder than was probably appropriate .
tr	I	She swatted his bare behind as he bent over to pick up his trunks and he pulled off his pants .
tr	I	Eddie even let me drive , and I made all the arrangements for Clarence 's .
tr	O	I frown at her and she shrugs .
tr	O	His mouth twitched in annoyance , but he nodded .
tr	I	It would never be enough , and it was too long .
tr	I	A hand reached out to grab mine , but I walked back toward the dance floor .
tr	O	The humor was appreciated , but Rodney still wanted a serious answer .
tr	I	She headed to the kitchen and I nodded .
tr	I	He was chief of police , but Cain wasn 't sure Ned would be any better .
tr	O	I 'll give you until morning to do it yourself , or I 'll do it for you .
tr	I	The three dumped their bikes in the dust , and the pond was not far from the gate .
tr	O	The pain didn 't cease , and he knew if it got any worse he 'd faint , possibly die .
tr	I	I do not know what a sin feels like and we have never sinned .
tr	O	Hemp had some ideas , but I needed to make sure it would be fast .
tr	O	She collapsed on top of him and he let her lie there , panting , struggling to catch her breath .
tr	I	Her eyes throbbed with fiery fury , and Sparks flashed from the tips of her outstretched fingers .
tr	I	It still made her uneasy , but she knew he was kidding .
tr	O	Then she went back to torturing him until she felt his hot seed flood her mouth , and the tangy taste of him almost undid her .
tr	I	The lawyer climbed out and the rear door opened .
tr	O	That startled me more than a little , and it troubled me even more .
tr	I	I saw her hand slightly shake and she put the china cup down .
tr	O	Huge black dogs had appeared , and when some touched them , they had changed to other dogs .
tr	I	She wasn 't making out a single word of it , but her mouth was moving .
tr	I	A loud boom erupted through the forest , and I watched as the man turned to solid ash .
tr	I	We consumed our dinner in silence , and Orson lit two candles with a silver Zippo .
tr	O	His lips touched her neck and she forced the repulsion back .
tr	O	Beelzebub was on a tirade , hell-bent on making me pay , and he wasn 't going to stop until I was dead inside .
tr	I	He led me to the floor , and I placed my hand in his .
tr	O	Liz didn 't want to think about it , but the visual kept coming back to her .
tr	I	Breaking down would only make escape less likely , but I couldn 't believe I was acting so calm .
tr	I	She didn 't shrug him away , and his hands lingered upon her for a moment .
tr	O	Some of our clients have not been saints , but no lawyer can dictate morals to his client .
tr	O	Reece laughs at that and I laugh with her .
tr	O	Her legs flopped into the dirt behind her and she did her best not to get up .
tr	O	We 've made improvements to it and we must know how good it is .
tr	I	For a second she hoped that it was enough to get him out of her , and her aim reached his eyes .
tr	O	One more beat passed and he continued .
tr	O	She felt the teasing scrape of his teeth , but he never penetrated her skin .
tr	O	There 's sugar over there , and I can 't see it .
tr	O	The touch of a true mate could heal , and the mate bond could protect against many things .
tr	I	The EMT tells him sweetly to shut up , and Tad rolls from side to side moaning while they load him onto the gurney .
tr	O	Cisco asked , and then he looked up to see Roberto right behind her .
tr	O	It was foolish , but I did .
tr	I	It said something about taking some time off to backpack across Eastern Europe , and the note was from Aimee .
tr	I	I was afraid to call out his name , but I had an idea who it was .
tr	O	The bikers just looked at us and I was pretty sure I saw the fatter one sneer a bit .
tr	O	We left the mansion , the wheels crunching on the gravel and I didn 't look back even once .
tr	O	She had given joy as well as passion , and his body still ached in want of her .
tr	I	He pinches my nipple and his fingertips graze my breasts .
tr	I	Perhaps it was one of the others reminding her , or Corinne reminded herself to breathe oxygen for the baby .
tr	O	A cheer went up from the musicians themselves for Column and there followed a flurry of questions which Column self-consciously answered .
tr	I	Rosa smiled immediately at Godwin , but Lea was shocked .
tr	I	Her knees felt like jelly , and her palms were sweating .
tr	I	I had to believe my offensive had taken him off guard , but it was gone so quick I almost believed it imagined .
tr	I	It was bitterly cold out there in that dark forest , and I judged that it was very close to midnight by now .
tr	I	He moved with a hard , nervous energy , and his face was set in determined lines .
tr	I	Each one in turn began giving a series of excuses and the group looked up .
tr	O	She forgot all about the care of delicate fabric , and even the white heels she 'd chosen to wear .
tr	O	I sprang from the chair and it thumped onto the germy carpet .
tr	O	Her voice started to shake and she began to breathe heavily .
tr	O	He grinned with a crooked smile , and again , I wondered what they were talking about .
tr	I	One boot hits a brown stone and I kick off the white stone as it fades away .
tr	I	His hands were quick , and his body was strong .
tr	I	Unable to just do it because the loneliness was gone but it 's what I wanted .
tr	O	Its grip weakened , and Cindy easily tore the weapon from its hands .
tr	O	He died and she fled .
tr	I	I 'd know where I was going , and if I howled , they 'd answer .
tr	O	Suddenly the shimmering was gone , and looking around , he sensed he was no longer in his garage .
tr	O	Her underbelly was no longer glowing , and a gaping hole exposed her insides .
tr	O	It was okay at first , but when you sped up , it got worse really fast .
tr	O	The first spell hit me from behind , and I flew screaming through the air .
tr	O	He 'd be glad to have me and he 'd fight to the death against the Reds if they came .
tr	O	Yes , he had managed to stop a fleeing assailant , narrowly avoiding becoming a victim himself , but he would never have killed the man .
tr	I	Obi-Wan lowered his hood and they retreated back to the small room .
tr	I	He didn 't shift his gaze , but a grimace swept over his face .
tr	I	Her eyes grew big and Tessa looked up from the book that had been grabbing her attention .
tr	I	A passing truck hit this huge puddle just as we reached the curb , and we walked out to your car .
tr	O	She pushed the thought down , but it wouldn 't go away .
tr	O	Josh hadn 't moved at Bethan 's words , and she hoped he wasn 't feigning slumber .
tr	I	The eyes seemed ancient , but the face was youthful , almost boyish in appearance .
tr	O	Pizzas were very rare back at the orphanage , and it was one of my favorites .
tr	I	Then his eyes are on my lips , and reaching for my cheek , he graces it softly .
tr	I	The tip of the sword pricked his skin , and Aiden moved only a fraction of an inch .
tr	I	A long trail of rats , from big to small , was following him through the darkness , and he was slowly walking backwards .
tr	O	My knee slams into the cardboard box once again , toppling it over , but I don 't care .
tr	O	His jaw went hard and his stare started glittering .
tr	I	It was the magical balm to bring me back and I had been dying .
tr	I	You cannot shake yourself awake but now I wanted to wake up .
tr	I	It didn 't but she says she knows for a fact that car should have rammed right into her car .
tr	O	Trevor had to follow suit , and they shook on it : first name chums , then .
tr	I	She was staring at her hands , and her head was down .
tr	O	He made a dash for it , but the opportunity was too short .
tr	I	He lowered his gaze and that sad look returned .
tr	O	Adrian always drives too quickly when he chauffeurs for me but I don 't mind .
tr	O	I shot him a look , and he shrugged .
tr	O	I am in a classroom , and that is the teacher .
tr	I	I could feel the wall building between us again , but things had been getting better with Jason 's mom .
tr	O	His beady , black eyes blinked slowly and he really seemed quite disinterested .
tr	O	He would 've gone inside The Cookie Jar , but the restaurant had been closed .
tr	I	His mood plummeted even further and he turned away from it .
tr	O	Nick stood with him , but Ty didn 't attack .
tr	I	A great career all lined up , and I 've got a perfect boyfriend back in the city .
tr	O	Perhaps I was imagining it , but I didn 't think so .
tr	O	She missed the little guy , but she couldn 't blame Joseph for being careful .
tr	I	She simply stared at him , looking rather frustrated , but he nodded encouragingly .
tr	O	This brief life was all there was and it was a life that always came to the same fatal end .
tr	O	Another roar of laughter died down , and Karen sighed , sipping from a mug of hot tea Aly had made her .
tr	I	All open political opposition had been eradicated and he had stopped calling it government when elections had ceased .
tr	I	She was smashing that visual to pieces , and he 'd had this image in his mind of her .
tr	I	Then something she said the first time we met occurs to me , but I sway with grief .
tr	I	He said he couldn 't part with that one , but I would 've paid him double had he thrown in the large boar .
tr	I	I chose to rise above my natural embarrassment , but of course , he was naked , too .
tr	I	It seemed dark as they walked on , but it was a bright day .
tr	I	He grabs my hand , pulling me back but I turn to leave .
tr	O	He wasn 't the best dancer , but that didn 't stop him from doing every funny dance move he could think of .
tr	O	This has been a bloody fight , and I applaud your effort in it .
tr	O	Her eyebrows rose when she heard his name , but she didn 't comment .
tr	O	His hand reached up to touch her face , and she stepped back quickly .
tr	O	Cole pulled into the parking lot of his condo complex and his eyes couldn 't quite process the scene before him .
tr	I	He could feel nothing except the stone of the floor , and he could hear nothing , see nothing .
tr	O	One minute he was under the water , and the next he was just floating there .
tr	I	She really did feel the lure of adventure tugging at her heart , but she hated to admit it .
tr	I	Her head started to pound , and she managed to sit up .
tr	I	He smiled , and then his gentle eyes met mine .
tr	O	He lost his talent for keeping things simple , and the jurors lost their struggle to stay tuned .
tr	I	He was desperate , panicked , but I should have socked him .
tr	O	She did not know when , but perhaps the situation would change .
tr	I	That never seemed to stop women from trying to tame him , but everyone knew Trenton Maddox was bad news .
tr	O	Joseph took my hand and I relaxed a little .
tr	I	Keller could be alone and I could walk in .
tr	O	She did , a bit , but she always missed the storms .
tr	O	The fire was spitting now , an orange glow pushing back the corners of darkness , and her cheeks burned from the heat .
tr	O	Clint 's view through the water tank was blurry and everything came to him as shadows .
tr	I	She wanted to see Paul squirm when she called his hand and he looked safe enough .
tr	I	It turned out the wait wasn 't long , but they waited .
tr	I	His weight was four times that and the man was nearly eighty .
tr	O	I did have some hope about my second brother and he turned out to be the good guy .
tr	O	I need to figure out something , but I don 't think that is it .
tr	O	I want to cry but I won ´ t dare show my parents that I ´ m vulnerable .
tr	I	He didn 't want to be laughed at , and because there 's this horrible joke that med students always think they have some fatal disease .
tr	I	It works , but it takes a few minutes .
tr	O	It 's all there in the Bible , and Sis ' Shirley fills them in too .
tr	O	There was always a lot of conversation , but the work was never undone .
tr	O	The kiss didn 't feel real anymore and last night seemed a million miles away .
tr	I	We know better than to go spreading gossip that might be hurtful to someone , but I suppose there are only a few of us who know .
tr	I	Her body swirled with a glowing red light , and she hissed .
tr	I	I can 't read him for anything , yet it makes me uneasy how he reads me so well .
tr	I	Gavin counts and I nod .
tr	I	Mom pulled a couple of blankets over us as we sat in silence , and the air in the station wagon was icy .
tr	I	It warmed me , and a smile from Terry was a rare thing .
tr	I	She accidentally overdosed , and the drug had been tampered with , making it even more dangerous .
tr	I	Then faintly disagree when Sam says he 's complaining too much , and I don 't have to do much more than faintly agree .
tr	O	The captain 's eyebrows raised , and Abe quickly added an explanation .
tr	I	Our family 's story is no exception , and CHAPTER 1 Three Weeks With My Brother Many stories begin with a simple lesson learned .
tr	I	Her customers came back in and the fire burned down rapidly .
tr	I	No man wanted his heir to be someone else 's get , but Jasper was very sophisticated .
tr	I	I can 't stop the feeling but I feel myself getting hotter , moister .
tr	O	The train started to move again and we were soon back in the darkness .
tr	O	I realize my rants and boohoo moments were pretty difficult to take sometimes .
tr	I	There were the words he 'd been waiting for : It 's time to come home and his phone vibrated .
tr	O	The darkness is trying to fight , trying to win , but it can 't !
tr	O	Finley spun around like a ballerina , and Cameron brought a hand up to cover his mouth when the three started talking at once .
tr	I	They would be at the mercy of the other vampires and all he had to do was withdraw his protection .
tr	I	She was positively ravenous , and the aroma alone nearly did her in .
tr	O	Her sex tightened around him , and he knew another release was close for her .
tr	I	I 'm sure it is scaring you and we 've had something going this week .
tr	O	He was slowly learning to best all of them and she cheered him on whenever she was allowed to watch .
tr	I	It was the only way I could describe what happened without using some less than appropriate words , but it sounded so clinical .
tr	O	Not very many states in the United States , but I 'd like to visit more of them .
tr	O	He sat back against the wall and the room fell into silence again .
tr	O	He 's scared and he 'll bolt .
tr	I	Walls collapsed and Windows shattered .
tr	I	I thought I was about to lose it all ... but when you told me , I was so happy .
tr	O	The visit had been good , but she was ready for her father to leave .
tr	O	I freeze , thinking it 's a weapon , but instead the machine appears to be scanning us .
tr	I	I was a great deal weaker , but I wasn 't quite useless away from the inn 's grounds .
tr	I	He would do it , but he may hate himself for the lives lost in the process .
tr	O	I got dutifully back into the car and we trundled on .
tr	O	You 're right here , and we 're together .
tr	O	He seemed friendly enough , but Sam was so nervous about this whole thing that he was still wary .
tr	O	They were replaced by the Tyrone Militia , mostly Orangemen , and these were much more officious .
tr	O	He saw fear , but he saw trust .
tr	I	Shane was still angry , but Eric studied him thoughtfully .
tr	I	My mom is insistent , but I am hesitant .
tr	O	Alec tried to peer through it , but no one appeared to be on the other side .
tr	O	She could do whatever she wanted , and none of her fellow workers , now so below her divine status , could say anything !
tr	I	Aria giggled , and she burped when she had finished .
tr	O	I don 't really feel upset about it , but it feels like I should .
tr	I	When the time came , we couldn 't find him there , but afterward , we were going to meet him at the library .
tr	I	I was in no mood for a lecture and the look of him trying to figure me out .
tr	I	I also want a few minutes alone with Damien , but I do want a coffee .
tr	I	I stiffened , and he looked down at me .
tr	I	The doors slid open , and the elevator eased to a stop .
tr	I	His hair almost covered his eyes , and he tilted his head .
tr	I	I 'll start working on them , and I want you to make a list of the things you want changed .
tr	O	I would get in , get out and our lives would be back on track .
tr	O	She hadn 't heard from him all day , and she wanted to make sure he was okay .
tr	I	I threw a glance over my shoulder to see Addie running behind Gabe , trying to block any bullets before they hit him and he pointed .
tr	I	You stood up to him anyway , but you were afraid like I was .
tr	O	He was methodical , and he never took chances with wild young men who had chips on their shoulders .
tr	I	Of course they didn 't repeat the announcement , but she wasn 't sure she 'd heard right .
tr	I	It had never occurred to me that she would serve me out of such love , and Nia had been another servant passed from Dorian .
tr	I	That was the problem , and I had no desire to , though .
tr	O	She was doing this for the man she loved , and because of that , she would not be deterred .
tr	O	The elevator arrived and he exited the corridor without another word .
tr	O	Jason dipped me back and I saw Coach 's smile .
tr	I	Sarah amused herself with fanciful thoughts , and he looked back at her wordlessly .
tr	I	Will spun , and Tessa shouted .
tr	I	It crashed into the wall and I lifted up my feet .
tr	I	Then I don 't really know what he was like before The Program , but it doesn 't strike me as something Realm would be into .
tr	I	She didn 't want either one of them staying here , and there were only two humans here who knew this cave .
tr	I	Jeff had been correct , and they checked the distance .
tr	O	Its grip on his waist was stronger than anything he 'd felt in his lifetime , but it didn 't hurt .
tr	I	He had not eaten beets , and his sheets were covered in bright red .
tr	O	I knew Buck had spread rumors , but I hadn 't heard the details .
tr	I	Quickly laced up my boots and I threw on my uniform .
tr	O	The dust made it difficult to breathe , but she was too scared to breathe , anyway .
tr	I	It was still him in there somewhere , but he was still a stag , still not my love .
tr	I	There 's no tellin ' where it will go from there and he knows the day 's going to start out tense .
tr	O	The TEC was not going to leave us alone and dad was afraid they would not stop with him .
tr	I	It brings out the protectiveness in them , but I do not know what to call it .
tr	I	She didn 't want him to know she was here , but she couldn 't explain why .
tr	I	Though they both worked hard , they both wanted a family , and they shared the same taste in movies , in television shows .
tr	O	She extracted her house key from her purse , and Robert deftly lifted it out of her fingers .
tr	O	Since the implant I can hear more , much more , but the sounds have changed .
tr	O	Listen , be careful this afternoon , and we 'll talk more after school .
tr	I	Her fingers curled into fists , and her eyes flashed .
tr	O	There was so much more she wanted to say , but she could see already that Alex wanted to escape .
tr	O	Callie finally falls for someone , and he 's lying to her .
tr	O	Tavi looked around him for help , but there was none to be seen .
tr	O	The elevator arrived and he held out his hand .
tr	I	I knew it and this man was danger .
tr	O	He would kill her if he got a hold of her , and there was no one around to help her .
tr	O	She was beautiful and she was definitely catching the eye of several young men .
tr	O	She was practically in tears , but I told her it was okay .
tr	I	A cloud of sand billowed up , and Doug 's crutches went flying .
tr	I	Harriet smiled down at him , and Instinctively Rupert reached for Harriet 's hand .
tr	I	I took advantage of the alone time with him , and we were both waiting for Jill to finish up .
tr	I	He realized that he needed to , but he really didn 't want to .
tr	O	Danni 's first instinct was to tear up , but she fought against it .
tr	O	Some winds were hurricane force and they demolished everything in their path .
tr	I	I was younger then , but he deserved a lot better .
tr	O	She wanted to ignore it but he still didn 't have a stupid answering machine .
tr	I	She had not yet given him permission , but he wanted to touch her .
tr	I	I paused when I heard you talking , but I didn 't listen at the doorway .
tr	O	Pia 's eyes filled with tears and she brushed them away absently .
tr	O	There was a buzzing , and my cheek hurt .
tr	O	A drum set was on the stage , and a young man kept a nice tempo .
tr	O	They arrived at the old man 's home , and Anna seemed intimidated at the size of it .
tr	O	Chapter Eight I awake the next morning with a feeling of resolution and I head out quickly to talk to Pat 's friends .
tr	O	The silence ended abruptly when the front door opened and Jeremy stepped into the doorway .
tr	I	The feeling of being watched vanished with it along with the feeling of menace , and with that the twelve warriors seemed to slowly fade from view .
tr	I	You aren 't fine , and you 're not okay .
tr	I	I watch Nathan as he watches Gwen , but I pretend to look over my notes .
tr	O	That beautiful face was filthy , and his eyes were achingly sad .
tr	I	I don 't want to have to sit at the table yet , but it 's done .
tr	I	It was driving me nuts and I had no idea how Evangeline was doing .
tr	I	For a moment it was awkwardly quiet and the man expected more of an answer .
tr	O	I didn 't know what I wanted , but I knew I didn 't like beer .
tr	O	I like lots of vinegar on my fries , but Samuel is a ketchup man .
tr	O	There were dark shadows beneath her eyes , and she looked in desperate need of sleep .
tr	O	I waited for the medication to wear off , and I was alone in his room when he squeezed my hand .
tr	O	Valour in arms is yours , and you win high honour thereby .
tr	O	It didn 't break , but I heard it crack .
tr	O	He stepped inside , and Gretchen 's face lit up .
tr	I	The nights were still cool enough to enjoy the brief respite from the heat of each day but Spring was well under way .
tr	O	Mandy told the nurse , and she added more pain medication to his IV .
tr	I	She leaned her head against his shoulder and he pulled Angelica tight against him .
tr	O	Mother only visited once , shortly after my tantrum in Olympus , and even then it was simply to make sure I was behaving .
tr	O	She was still distrustful , but she had been tolerating my presence since Sean was so insistent that I visit him every day .
tr	I	Men in suits lingered around with a few younger women clinging to their sides , and it was a Thursday .
tr	O	Two delicate mechanical hands popped open the top of the jar , and a third reached inside , withdrawing a long , dripping pickle .
tr	O	I took her hand and we entered the elevator .
tr	O	We had a big day planned for the next day and I wanted them all in tip-top condition .
tr	O	That man made a gesture , and the tent flap flew open .
tr	O	His red tail lights are blinding in the night and his exhaust is puffing out thin clouds of smoke .
tr	I	He put that down to the dim lights , but she was a little blurry .
tr	O	A knock sounded against his door , and with a guilty jerk of his shoulders he straightened .
tr	O	He drank and the warm fluid seared his throat .
tr	O	He starts to speak , and though I don 't know if he intends to protest , I don 't wait to find out .
tr	O	It 's a weird story , but I don 't want to talk it .
tr	I	The other only stumbles , but one collapses to the concrete ground .
tr	I	He didn 't look happy but that fiance was now standing in the door to their bedroom .
tr	O	You have to leave , and he doesn 't want you to stay .
tr	I	We end up watching some goofy vampire horror flick that makes us laugh and we decide to check out a movie .
tr	I	Even though it tasted different , I liked it , but none of us thought we 'd be able to eat it .
tr	I	She was writhing , one hand a claw , but Anna 's long black hair hid her face .
tr	O	Hugh hummed a coaxing sound , and then his mouth was there , his tongue moving in deep licks , just the way he kissed .
tr	O	He looked at the screen , but Chuck did not recognize the movie .
tr	O	I told her to prove it but she couldn 't produce the book .
tr	I	I had to suppress the urge to kick it out from under him , and Jesse leaned back in the chair .
tr	I	Her bones melted and Sarah felt the heat of his body .
tr	I	I could almost imagine his mental battle , and his next text wasn 't nearly so fast .
tr	I	They took the time to kidnap you , but something has got everyone running around like crazy .
tr	O	I 'd been scared about how crazy some of the fans at my conferences were getting , but mimicking me was a bit much in my mind .
tr	I	We 'll be together and James will be here .
tr	I	She knew it and this was crazy .
tr	O	I told Will about the lawsuit and he is going to see his father in Chicago .
tr	O	Deni jumped as well , caught in the current , but she didn 't let go of Jace .
tr	O	When I finish , I watch the others scrape their bowls clean with dry granules , but I don 't have any .
tr	O	She walked quietly to a door , opened it , and Nate followed her through into the darkness beyond .
tr	I	Stefan would bet his undead life that he was listening in but Damon wasn 't present .
tr	O	Most of the universe is made up of dark matter , and only Azrael knows who it is .
tr	I	His silver gaze slid over her face and he cupped her nape in his hand .
tr	O	There are countless real-life victims that may tell a different story , but each story should be given the credence that it deserves .
tr	O	He had a lot of freedom , but it came with a lot of responsibility .
tr	I	He 'd rather feast on one of them than that thing in her hand , and he still hadn 't eaten his boots either .
tr	I	I seem to be forgotten for the moment , and she begins to rebuke her for frightening Albert .
tr	I	His men frequent this place and I know he .
tr	O	I wasn 't so hungry after eating breakfast , but Mrs Mason insists I have something to eat .
tr	I	She will protect them for the rest of her life and they take care of her .
tr	O	Her heavily made-up eyes locked on mine , and all teasing left them in an instant .
tr	O	Someone else wouldn 't have listened to me and they wouldn 't have just accepted what I said as fact .
tr	O	His fingers brush up against the edge of my underwear , and I can 't stop the moan of anticipation that escapes my lips .
tr	O	We were great friends , still are , but we weren 't good spouses .
tr	O	It 's been a tough day and I 'm exhausted .
tr	O	She had never been inside before , but it did not look as she would have imagined .
tr	I	I wanted to feel and his disapproval filled the room , threatening to ruin all the happiness she felt .
tr	I	Then he started picking out a tune , and he bit his lip like he was considering something .
tr	O	You ask me to talk about my son and then can 't even look at my face ?
tr	O	The spray came splashing over the bow and the boat dipped down between the waves , covering the deck in white water .
tr	O	VIN was ready and he floated head first into the vertical tube .
tr	I	It was a dizzy , wandering effort but Markman tried to trot away across the street .
tr	I	He 'd insisted on letting it grow , but she 'd told him he needed a haircut .
tr	I	They held each other in silence and he pulled her against him .
tr	I	She did , but no one would come see me .
tr	O	Jackie had ended up with Iain , and the child they were now expecting was Iain 's .
tr	O	Before Timberlake could protest , the count had started and his hand went automatically to the big red switch .
tr	I	I know you 'd never hurt her , yet it 's all over you .
tr	O	Whatever it had been , it had to do with my keeping Snowball and I needed all the advice I could get so damn him , anyway .
tr	O	Neil felt sick watching it happen , but he couldn 't look away .
tr	I	We were alone , and the monk had left .
tr	I	He had to stay in control for awhile longer , but he was like a caged tiger ready to snap .
tr	I	I knew it had been much shorter than that , but it seemed as if we were down there endlessly .
tr	I	With Nova , I feel like I can finally talk about it , but I always refused to give details .
tr	O	They stood there , hand in hand , not moving , and yet Rose could feel gravity slipping away .
tr	I	Then he 'd just chase me , but I could run .
tr	I	Air screamed , and she screamed .
tr	O	It 's just scary and the reports concern police .
tr	I	Dean rolled his eyes beneath his shades and the kid scrolled through screens at the speed of light .
tr	I	He never really gave it much thought , but Connor was always intrigued by faith .
tr	I	She 'd heard that Scotsmen liked their liquor , but she 'd probably overdone it on the martinis .
tr	O	He wasn 't a man who spooked easily , but after the events earlier , things had changed .
tr	I	I grabbed at it anyway , but my hair were braided back .
tr	I	I kept talking , but my mind was screaming at me to shut the hell up .
tr	I	Light poured through them , and they were completely together .
tr	O	Mature trees lined the streets , and manicured lawns stretched up from the road to the modest houses set close together .
tr	O	They 'd never done much more than this , yet each kiss contained more power than the last .
tr	I	I am her brother , and there was no chance .
tr	I	The two of them became inseparable , and the sense of power was incredible .
tr	I	It was definitely unique but it wasn 't nearly as conservative as she thought the client might want .
tr	I	He loved looking in the windows of the restaurants and it wasn 't hard to realize that he was in the Theater District .
tr	O	I shot a quick glance down the slope , into the valley , and my heart went cold with fear .
tr	O	There was no answer and he did not leave any messages .
tr	I	Scotia shrugged , and the news of her affair with Mercer didn 't seem to surprise anyone in the room .
tr	O	He was shivering and I noticed that he was only wearing a thin shirt .
tr	I	Dare didn 't move , but I shied away from the stinging projectiles .
tr	O	His skin is sallow and his eyes , rimmed in darkness , widen in confusion when he sees me .
tr	I	I couldn 't get my body to cooperate , but mentally I knew I had to move .
tr	O	Well right now Denver was being practical , and I appreciated that more than anything else .
tr	O	They 're spirits of the dead and they don 't know it .
tr	O	Isabel 's face was still wearing a pretty pout , but I saw storms destroying small villages in her eyes .
tr	O	Then reality had set in , and he had realized that it meant she would spend more time in danger .
tr	O	He shook his head , but his face stayed neutral .
tr	I	We both laughed and my stomach grumbled .
tr	I	If you let him , he would laughingly admit defeat , but for any date since , he was glad to make up stories if pressed .
tr	O	He chuckles softly , but the mirth never reaches his eyes .
tr	I	I are both virgins and Dad probably thinks my sister .
tr	I	These were newer looking , but he thought they had destroyed all the tanks back at the base .
tr	I	It was the access point to almost a dozen more but the two way street wasn 't only used for Elias 's warehouse .
tr	I	She managed to catch it , and the spear arced towards her .
tr	O	He was the warrior , and the warrior saved people .
tr	I	For the life of me , I couldn 't fall asleep , but Carter quickly dropped off .
tr	O	I still didn 't feel hungry , and hinting at the situation to Stan hadn 't helped .
tr	I	The dark seemed to drag on and the night never seemed to end .
tr	O	Emma pulled out the chair at the head of the table , and Olga poured her a glass of water .
tr	O	Isaac 's pale face hovered over hers , and she groaned as she covered her eyes .
tr	O	She smiled this time , a gentle , warm smile , and he felt ashamed of himself .
tr	O	These two aliens brought us back to Earth and they didn 't need to .
tr	O	I grabbed my flashlight from my glove box and we crunched in silence through the brush to our little spot .
tr	I	All the others he could not see , but Little did Burnett know it wasn 't him she feared .
tr	O	Her face had a warm smile on it and mine matched it as I gazed at her .
tr	O	We sat pressed together , face to face , but it was as if our souls were suddenly seamed , bound so tightly as to be one .
tr	I	It was usually the best part of my day , and it was the one class we shared all semester .
tr	O	She seemed to catch him studying her , and she gave him a surprisingly cold smile .
tr	O	The way he 'd treated this lovely young woman was a crime , but she 'd been unable to figure out how to make it stop .
tr	O	Ghost 's head came up and she looked to the top of the stairs .
tr	O	He chucks his jeans at me and they hit me in the face .
tr	I	Noel could only find the barrel and the explosion had strewn things everywhere .
tr	I	I shrug , acting like going to another church is no big deal , even though it kinda is , but Will beams at that .
tr	I	You 're a Creat , and I 'll bet the rumors are right .
tr	O	Most were married , but they still spent time each morning planning a joint night out , even though these plans rarely materialized .
tr	I	I felt familiarity , but I couldn 't see individual faces .
tr	I	He got them started cutting the floorboards , and two girls had finished their section of the wall .
tr	I	The Durango emerged onto the road without the slightest hesitation , but she felt a sudden apprehension as he drove across .
tr	O	The settlers had left York Factory several weeks ago , but the rumblings among the traders did not stop .
tr	O	Tristan is crazy about you , and you 're crazy about him .
tr	O	Corrine 's face became the color of a raspberry and she looked as though she was about to hyperventilate .
tr	I	She felt it was blood and Mia swallowed something .
tr	O	I started to unzip him and he grabbed my hand .
tr	O	It was a quick conversation , and I heartily accepted his offer to help clean up the mess in my apartment .
tr	I	She felt very lucky to have such wonderful grandparents , and she thought of all the fun things they did together .
tr	I	The only thing I was focused on was Jude , but everyone had stopped to stare at the three of us .
tr	O	She said no , but I wasn 't put out .
tr	I	He looked defeated and his shoulders slumped .
tr	O	A look of resignation passes across her face but she says nothing more about it .
tr	I	Her resistance wasn 't strong enough to defeat him , but she was attracted to him , fighting it as hard as she could .
tr	I	They were also rippling , but Brian could see the stars beyond it .
tr	I	In Europe , humans used to hunt us , but I can 't speak for this country .
tr	I	Those sitting in the back suddenly fell to their knees , and I heard a trumpet sound .
tr	I	The shot glass meant for Tamar remained untouched , and they tipped back their drinks .
tr	O	I open my door and Onyx is standing outside .
tr	O	We hurry into Julie 's bedroom and she turns out the lights .
tr	I	Her death served no purpose , and she was someone I respected .
tr	I	Since there was no immediate sign of damage , he assumed the jet 's occupants were in no immediate danger , and something did not seem right .
tr	I	Others are devils and some men are soulless .
tr	O	His stomach growled and he glanced at his watch .
tr	O	I could not see it but I felt it somehow like it was calling out to me .
tr	I	There should have been way more , but the amount of smoke coming from the car was minimal .
tr	I	I know you 'll just hold back , but I want to ask you what 's wrong .
tr	O	He tugged off the tape covering Karla 's mouth , and she gasped as the glue tore at her skin .
tr	O	The door chimed and I glanced over , fluffing my red curls slightly .
tr	I	They simply do not fit , but over the years I have tried to lend them to people .
tr	I	Gwen didn 't seem to notice , but the night air cooled their bodies .
tr	I	He also knew that most historical testimony was grounded in some form of truth , but the facts of today didn 't support it .
tr	O	Hurting you wasn 't the plan but it must happen by my hand .
tr	I	There was a great chime of steel and again he struck .
tr	I	The shop was too dead for that to be the cause , but she could tell that Kai 's shop was empty , save for them .
tr	I	She pushed it out of the way and Miriam 's hair fell into her face .
tr	O	We led them out into the cockpit and they started to get into their boat .
tr	O	The board easily could have fit one , maybe even two more holes , but frankly , I thought it would be a waste of holes .
tr	O	Little bumps rose everywhere , and she reached out , her hand landing on his solid shoulder .
tr	O	These guys barely make a dent , but I listen to their gripes anyway .
tr	I	We continued our walk to the car , and I hooked my arm through Addie 's .
tr	O	He told me that Sara left him for another man , and I couldn 't believe it .
tr	O	You are saying what is true , but you are not getting any further .
tr	I	Her smile burst into a grin at their exchanged approving glances , and she smiled at the guards outside her door .
tr	I	She 's watching me like a lynx , and in 2011 I can 't just carry the chronograph around the house , because Charlotte suspects something .
tr	O	Neil spoke with enthusiasm , and Riki looked at him , astonished .
tr	I	I came up short , and I was two steps ahead of Vee , leading the way out .
tr	I	The bodies strewn around him , and Clare paused , looking at her terrified lover .
tr	I	Together mixed with that toothy grin went hand in hand with the merchant business , and they were friendly eyes .
tr	I	Her chest heaved as she remembered to breath , and the air turned to molasses .
tr	O	Plautus had wanted me to merely show some of my metal skeleton , but that would give me away immediately to the assembled Achaeans .
tr	O	It was bad enough during the day , but at that hour it was absolutely frigid .
tr	O	The man entered his car , and Kate watched as he started his engine , making sure he drove off .
tr	I	We knew that he had no idea of what to do with us but as we made our way to the King we saw beautiful women everywhere .
tr	O	My eyesight seems to be failing me , and I am unable to read my Bible .
tr	O	He might have hoped for a new start , and instead he 'd been kicked in the teeth .
tr	I	Watched as hundreds of arrows took flight , and he ordered , making a chopping motion with his outstretched sword .
tr	O	The fourth song was a slow dance , and Allie found herself moving right into it .
tr	O	A black dragon landed behind her , and almost immediately they shifted to human .
tr	I	He considered ignoring it and his cell phone buzzed .
tr	O	It 's not well known among the members , but the Society runs its own drug research program .
tr	O	As she waved good-bye , a school bus pulled up behind Eva , and kids poured out of it .
tr	O	It was perfect , and he would make sure she would never live it down .
tr	O	His eyes brightened with what looked like laughter , and then he pulled his phone from his pocket .
tr	I	His eyes pulled me under , but I wanted to say more .
tr	O	Chapter 9 Teagan Teagan said yes to Jake but she still felt nervous .
tr	O	He laughed again , but it sounded forced .
tr	I	She squeezed his hand harder and Aidan glanced over at Leah .
tr	O	There was no sound , but suddenly he was there .
tr	I	He was afraid he 'd lose her , and he thought her mortality made her fragile .
tr	I	The raging war that she knew was coming , or Scarlett wasn 't sure if he meant their first class .
tr	O	It 's not paintballs , and it 's not paint .
tr	O	Kai 's head snaps up and the king beckons him to join the group at the throne .
tr	O	He laughed , but his brother didn 't .
tr	O	Rent doesn 't come free and Preston won 't accept money .
tr	I	He blanched at her bruised skin , and his gaze fly to her neck .
tr	O	Carolyn quickly agreed and Billy promised to pick her up when she got off work at six .
tr	I	She strained to absorb the light , and the pale wash of the outdoors filtered through several uncovered windows .
tr	I	Caleb wasn 't about to make another mistake with Holly , but he had to admit he was beginning to feel his body 's long neglect .
tr	I	His eyes met mine , and then he snapped to .
tr	I	Her eyes dropped to the ground and she felt her face fill with colour .
tr	O	One person tried to come at me with some kind of powder , but the look I gave the woman had her backtracking .
tr	O	He had almost lost her like he had lost his sister , and tears rolled down his cheeks .
tr	O	The stranger made for the door , but with vampire swiftness Angelina reached the door first .
tr	O	I turned around , and there she was .
tr	I	Most agreed they sucked , and her painting was a futile attempt at artistic expression .
tr	O	You don 't have a sister to torture and your mother 's too fragile .
tr	I	She appeared to carefully choose her words and the older woman 's gaze narrowed .
tr	I	The woman loved to talk , but I liked her a lot .
tr	I	There was going to be a huge scar there for ever , and it was healing badly , still leaking blood .
tr	I	Miriam didn 't care , but Dreamer wasn 't joking about having a long distance friendship .
tr	O	It 's just a really long story and I want to tell you the truth .
tr	I	I wasn 't fast enough but I tried to work as fast as I could .
tr	I	I still had two working legs but the bus might have been gone .
tr	I	This was a very busy street and they were still by the mall .
tr	I	I knew what was expected of me , and he pursed his lips .
tr	O	It 'll mean waking up a bit earlier , but I don 't mind .
tr	I	I need you to be patient , but I don 't know what he will tell you .
tr	I	The three of them spent the rest of the afternoon sitting outside , talking about old times and her mother rejoined them a short time later .
tr	I	The arresting officer had called Quinlan at home , but it was after midnight .
tr	I	I knew I had startled her and her head shot up straight .
tr	I	I 'd learned from Phoenix that we were finally going to see the Covenant after all , but I wasn 't supposed to know the location .
tr	I	I was in no state to care but it probably cost like a thousand bucks .
tr	I	That meant getting all the help she possibly could , and there was only one way to do that though .
tr	I	The boy dragged himself up the steps to reach a corridor , and then there were stairs .
tr	I	He 'd never say so out loud , but he envied what his brother had found .
tr	O	Frank twisted himself out of the chair , but one arm was still securely fixed .
tr	O	The front door was still closed , but Reid wasn 't in the apartment .
tr	I	Belinda had made this trek in the dark more times than she could count , but the room was completely dark .
tr	I	She would end up spending the holiday alone , and ultimately her strategy would fail .
tr	I	He didn 't suppose they would stop for a meal with Guardians on their trail , but his stomach rumbled .
tr	I	The soldiers rushed out , taking cover behind makeshift barriers ; the ruins of the earlier battle , and the doors of the base opened .
tr	I	We 'll have to be hellish careful , but we 'll do what we can meanwhile .
tr	O	Andrew turned to say hello , and suddenly his mouth went dry .
tr	O	I never loved Kirsty , but I gave her love .
tr	O	Trevor had an alluring body , but his wasn 't as defined as Cade 's appeared to be .
tr	O	She wondered idly whether he , too , was in graduate school at Duke , but she doubted it .
tr	O	Gaius could heal himself , heal Bernard , and they could all leave this hideous place .
tr	I	I could feel the heat , and Satan was waiting .
tr	O	I climb into the passenger side and Micha opens the garage door .
tr	I	She never stopped fighting , but she couldn 't break free from this one .
tr	O	Frances blinked again , but the mirage did not return .
tr	O	Rachel didn 't understand why he would give her an out after he 'd been waiting for so long , but she was grateful for the consideration .
tr	O	Van had made flowers appear and Jensen had sent them away .
tr	O	Aunt Pol had always been at the very center of his life , and with the birth of her twins , her life was now fulfilled .
tr	O	Summoning her last vestiges of strength , she dove forward , sword swinging wildly ... But there was opposition !
tr	I	It speeds on by , siren blaring , but I pray that the police car will follow us .
tr	I	Gradually her face changed from disgust into something like desire , and Sarah joined them , sitting across from Michael .
tr	I	Sure enough , an unopened milk carton rested at the back of the top shelf and Susannah moved a number of plastic containers onto the counter .
tr	O	She does not know Ethan that well , but she does possess something of an attraction for him .
tr	O	I have five wives and I understand Somali women .
tr	I	I needed every foot of altitude to get her over an airport somewhere and our airspeed was about 200 knots .
tr	O	He couldn 't have slept for more than three hours , and most of that time was filled with crazy dreams .
tr	O	Cordova turned to face me , and I felt my breath catch in my throat .
tr	O	I can 't promise I 'll be able to give you everything you deserve , but I can promise you that you 'll have all of me .
tr	I	There didn 't seem to be anything unusual about it , but it was made of soft lace .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I wanted to explain to her my reasons .
tr	I	A small ember leapt up to catch at the curtain but they seemed to be staying close to her body .
tr	O	The sun was starting to set and the rain was really coming down .
tr	I	Maybe it was just my imagination , or he 'd changed , even in the nearly twelve months since he 'd been overseas .
tr	O	She hadn 't seen anything like it since she came home from Portugal , and it was just as magnificent , though different .
tr	O	The company wanted to call the ship the Enterprise , but the company who owned the rights to the old Star Trek show sued .
tr	O	I couldn 't find a corresponding can of kerosene , but when I lifted the heater , I heard a plentiful sloshing of fuel inside its tank .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to scream , but Ryan laughed .
tr	O	He bucked his hips , and she felt the movement at the very center of her body .
tr	I	The screenings began and the lights dimmed .
tr	O	I see a door connected to the room and I 'm suddenly curious .
tr	O	Yes , fate was real , and his name was Emerson Ray .
tr	I	The color seemed to seep out of her cheeks , and her shoulders caved downward .
tr	O	Linda had definitely gone all out for this , and he sensed that Ellie was feeling uncomfortable after the exchange in the library .
tr	I	There will be no interference with church administration , but the new tsar will assert himself as head .
tr	O	All of the Rockville area had once been farmland and the address Collin was looking for was still farmland .
tr	O	I must have run inside , but I never told anyone .
tr	I	People scattered and drinks spilled .
tr	O	Now she had two hours to get to San Francisco , and she must leave this house , maybe in tears , again .
tr	O	I suppose it was the first time she had ever lied to him and it made her feel awful .
tr	I	Cody let him out , into our fenced backyard , and Chase bounded frantically around us .
tr	I	He doesn 't protest , just follows me in silence ; but from his expression , March has some inkling what I intend .
tr	I	I feel bad for asking her a question she can 't possibly answer , and Katarina mumbles through her gagged mouth .
tr	O	His bed was a king-sized , and it faced out toward the river .
tr	I	Every word got absorbed and his voice was loud .
tr	I	Gem hit the button for the second floor , and Hemp then reached in , slid his card .
tr	O	His wrist was wrapped up and he had a small cast on his pinky .
tr	I	The majority remained , but some had been destroyed in the Clearances .
tr	I	He believes what he 's doing is right , or Hemming is either a mercenary .
tr	I	They couldn 't find our men , but they hacked around in the underbrush for a little while .
tr	O	Tears filled her eyes and she shook her head .
tr	O	My men were around me and all heads were turned to the sky .
tr	I	Unlike the rest of the stronghold , it was very cool inside , and it was a storeroom .
tr	O	It was a hard kick , and my side exploded with pain .
tr	I	She left off and couldn 't tell where he began .
tr	O	She knew he 'd pull his hand away then , and she 'd be as she was before .
tr	I	The estrogen in the air was palpable , but the guys may have been on a testosterone rush .
tr	I	She was in pretty good shape , but she hadn 't exercised nearly as much as she should lately .
tr	I	At the corner of Agnes 's house I froze , but I walked along the dark side yard toward the street .
tr	I	It 's not a big deal , but I usually run the track at school .
tr	I	They wanted to be there when he did and the team felt sure that His Lordship would pass on the diamonds sometime soon .
tr	I	She still couldn 't get anything but Victoria tried to hear his thoughts .
tr	I	She never felt anything like love from him , and no , she definitely hadn 't loved Edward .
tr	O	He 'd questioned her , but she played dumb .
tr	O	June 's brow furrows deeply and her eyes narrow to slits .
tr	I	Yet he cared more about what was going on in the kitchen , and Tony Romo was launching a pretty convincing attack against his former teammates .
tr	I	They touched cheeks and he leaned forward .
tr	I	His injuries were too grave , but the nanobots in his body were trying feverishly to repair the damage .
tr	O	She felt like her heart should be racing , but it couldn 't .
tr	I	She tried to attack again and that didn 't stop Lea .
tr	O	In the end she might hate camping , but doing it was the only way to find out .
tr	O	Somehow they catch him and Jeff puts him in the sleeper hold for a little too long .
tr	I	That had been a victory , and last night had been nightmarish !
tr	I	She was calling for a rematch and he 'd only just laid his head down upon his pillow .
tr	O	He took a step inside and I moved back .
tr	I	He wanted them fast , and he wanted answers .
tr	O	They turned a corner in the path and Steve saw it .
tr	I	I felt better and he tilted his head to me .
tr	O	She was mostly covered by the blanket , only her bare feet and a few locks of her long black hair were visible .
tr	I	I clutched the edge of the counter until my fingers turned white , and jealousy twisted my gut .
tr	I	Mia seemed to be one of the keys and there were many unknowns in this game .
tr	I	Still was , even in her senior year of high school and Annie had been a valuable asset the previous summer .
tr	O	I pause , not wanting to ask , but I need to know what happened after I blacked out .
tr	I	She slid nimbly into the seat and he opened her door .
tr	I	Though I 've come to terms with it , the abandonment hurt , and my mom ditched me .
tr	O	I ruined her , and I should be the one to pay for it !
tr	I	She was smiling shyly and she had seen Damon .
tr	I	He rocked against her and she parted her thighs .
tr	O	He was a full head taller than she was and the sideways , hungry grin on his face undid her .
tr	O	His lips moved over my flesh , kissing me here and there , whispering words I could barely hear .
tr	O	Time to change the subject because this one might irritate me and I wasn 't in the mood to be irritated .
tr	O	I 'm Nicole and I 'll be your server tonight .
tr	O	I needed those meds and I had to keep them down .
tr	I	A tiny trickle of blood started to come out of Finn 's left ear , and Anita 's nose began to bleed .
tr	I	Just like that , his eyes were back to normal , and he smiled .
tr	I	I was fifteen , and he was sixteen .
tr	O	His black eyes cut me like a knife and I flinched .
tr	I	I try to hide my disappointment , and as the door swings open my hand drops to my side .
tr	I	My grip on his arm stopped him , but Isaiah went to launch himself over the fence to help .
tr	I	I laughed and Nic wiggled his eyebrows .
tr	O	Jain went with them , but Daniel caught her arm .
tr	I	Part of her wasn 't and part of her was pleased .
tr	I	The floor was tile , and the walls were painted a soft green .
tr	I	He couldn 't help himself , but no business letting her inside his defenses when he had no choice except to let her go .
tr	I	I wished like hell that it was Walker , but I knew it was one of my parents .
tr	O	A strange combination of fish to see together , but he didn 't have to dwell on it .
tr	O	The man on the bed immediately started to convulse , and the machines that were monitoring his vitals started going nuts .
tr	O	The pain in my leg was starting to flare up again and I needed to push past it .
tr	I	I eagerly clasped hold of it and my brother stretched his hand back .
tr	I	He wasn 't seeing any reprieve in the near future , and his life had been turned upside down by all this .
tr	I	Then he stilled , and Hart entered her with a gasp of desperation .
tr	O	Her eyes snap shut and the way she fights to keep tears from falling rips me in half .
tr	O	Warm sparks shot down my arm and my heart thumped .
tr	O	His words rung in her ear -- and she suddenly felt very uncomfortable .
tr	I	We had to wait until we were alone , but I was dying to compare notes with Kim .
tr	I	The shadow behind him was gone and Daniel looked to the glass again .
tr	O	Obviously , Tate had recognized Hope , but he hadn 't let on that he knew her .
tr	I	The disembodied voices from the hospital paging system floated on the air like ghosts , and the hospital room hummed from the heating system .
tr	I	I stared at him , which seemed to piss him off only more and he just started yelling .
tr	O	Thus Gandalf softly sang , and then suddenly he changed .
tr	O	Grit is under my fingernails and roots sticks into my back .
tr	I	It was that lack of regret that caused him concern , and he wasn 't sure he regretted that he had pushed his emotions so completely aside .
tr	O	All knew of Altair now , and here , in the foothills of the fortress at least , he was the Master once again .
tr	O	You 're gorgeous , and you 're mine .
tr	O	Alana nearly swallowed his length and that was no easy feat .
tr	I	She knew he saw it by his sigh , and there was no way to hide the shock on her face .
tr	O	Her plans to move back to Holton still worried Steven , but he wanted her to be happy .
tr	O	The lioness screamed again , and the sound came out of my throat .
tr	I	His heart was thumping hard within his chest , and his breathing was labored .
tr	I	Her sleepy face was perfect and her hair was a tangled mess .
tr	I	I was his everything , and Walker was my everything .
tr	O	She heard Miranda 's door open , and the third contractor joined them .
tr	I	The blanket that I had pulled from the bed had slipped off my shoulders , piling in a heap on the floor and it was dark outside .
tr	I	I sat and Joey left .
tr	O	My eyes were no match for the wind and I had to give up the fight to keep them open .
tr	O	The masses all headed for the state-of-the-art facility and we followed suit .
tr	I	She could see herself , and she could see herself .
tr	I	Joey went to work , but mom had stayed home .
tr	I	She spoke before he could begin , but always a believer in doing the hard things first , he planned to jump right in .
tr	I	They were all about to get even better , and this was the best day of her life .
tr	O	He was conscious of the blackness , but that was all .
tr	I	She wanted to stay in control , but she really wanted a drink to calm her nerves .
tr	I	I get that you need to be there , and I get that he 's going through something .
tr	O	Lines appeared on its smooth surface and plates began shifting across the face of the sphere .
tr	I	She answered it right anyway but she did not recognized the number .
tr	O	She could feel it deep within her , if she looked hard , but it had no power over her .
tr	I	He did not protest , but Jack did not look pleased .
tr	I	I hate myself for it and I 'm about to cry .
tr	I	Hannah shrieked at his attack , but Robert swung his club down toward the Yankee 's head .
tr	I	A familiar knot twisted along his spine , and his headache came back with a vengeance .
tr	I	She just pushed him away , but Milos tried to comfort her .
tr	I	I keep my word and Lexie counts on me .
tr	I	I had to look away and my voice failed me at the end .
tr	I	He didn 't answer but she knocked on his door .
tr	O	Her hair fell in loose waves midway down her back and the faded jeans were baggy as was the black sweatshirt .
tr	O	He needed to stop staring at her mouth or she was going to get the wrong idea .
tr	I	It was the least of my worries right now , but my neat sensibilities cringed at that kind of mess .
tr	I	He was better off not knowing , but the questions were making him crazy .
tr	I	He fell away and he had been unable to close the door as his ankle twisted .
tr	I	His grip was too strong , but she tried to pull free .
tr	I	It was kind of perfect , and it was done .
tr	O	She looked at Haworth and her demeanor became confident .
tr	I	It seemed like an infinite amount of time , but we stood in silence for only a few moments .
tr	I	I told him I did not know , and he asked how cheese was made .
tr	O	I watched as Zane took his shoes off and he motioned to me to do the same .
tr	I	I feel his hardness between us and he pulls me a little closer to him .
tr	I	She ran right past where he was hiding , with long , bounding , effortless strides , and he watched Jenny playing outside for a while .
tr	O	I asked , and he nodded .
tr	I	The temptation was too strong , but I told myself not to look down .
tr	I	You 're case ... learn to trust again and Learning to love again is a hard task .
tr	O	She smiled at most everyone , but it never reached her eyes .
tr	I	He knew that he would love her until the end of his days and she was his Fated One .
tr	I	The urge to protect her remained , but he realized he was taking a risk by continuing to shut her out .
tr	O	Brenda was clearly angry , but her eyes also revealed that she knew they had no other choice .
tr	O	I nodded back at her , and she headed for my bedroom door .
tr	I	She couldn 't go back to Paris empty handed , and she hadn 't found the answers she needed yet .
tr	O	I moved my hand to grasp an edge of the plastic and a chain reaction of movement followed , causing a tinkling like dominoes .
tr	O	Sometimes only their legs would be destroyed and I would have to stomp their clawing torsos out of existence .
tr	I	The tribe 's people began to whisper and he shouted .
tr	I	I handed him one of my extra napkins , but a rather dashing whipped cream mustache it was .
tr	I	His chin was propped on top of her head and his hands were gently rubbing her shoulder soothingly .
tr	I	There is a selection process and I enter the information .
tr	O	She 'd thrown you , trying to go over it , and you 'd cracked your head open .
tr	I	I refused to give up but the woman was unresponsive .
tr	I	He fell away to darkness and again the pain was too much to absorb .
tr	I	I can feel my hand being pushed upwards and I slowly push one hand into the opening .
tr	O	Finally I forced myself to swallow , and when I managed to speak , it came out more like a croak .
tr	O	When she slipped the key into the lock , the door slid open easily , and she walked inside .
tr	I	I can 't do that and that will outright crush her .
tr	O	Him walking away and me letting him .
tr	O	They 're singing Christmas songs and I think they 're lovely .
tr	O	It 'd be awesome and Josh would get a front row seat to the best show he 'd ever seen !
tr	O	To breathe he had to sit forward , and sleep was getting almost impossible .
tr	I	That would just bring Rick running , but I could try ripping out some wires from the insides .
tr	I	Maybe his was as well and her time was past .
tr	O	Now Mom sat across the table from me , and her coffee mug turned , turned , turned .
tr	O	I try hard as I can to keep this clinical , but the truth is , Xavier is an attractive man .
tr	O	The word might have floated for one second in her brain , but she hadn 't acknowledged it aloud .
tr	O	A terrible crushing sensation pressed against my chest and it was getting difficult to breathe .
tr	O	His fingers squeezed my ass tighter and I gasped as he pushed me back against the wall .
tr	O	His face lowered , and my heart stopped .
tr	I	The threat of silent treatment had actually made her stop complaining , but Neil could hardly believe it .
tr	I	My stomach starts to growl and it smells like heaven .
tr	I	He puffed out another nervous breath and his expression was sympathetic .
tr	O	The other three were in a group for substance abuse the same time Maria and I were in ours .
tr	O	I could remember easily if I tried , but I was currently putting effort in the opposite direction .
tr	O	Hunter flashed me a suspicious look , but his expression changed when he saw what I was talking about .
tr	I	He made her play it for him and he found that she played the fiddle .
tr	O	When I placed a hand on the wall it dissolved and I strode through with ease .
tr	I	She looked up at him with her own smirk , and she swallowed as her hand wrapped around the base .
tr	O	I couldn 't see their faces and it was driving me crazy .
tr	I	Our eyes locked and I looked up .
tr	O	His eyes closed and his face wore an expression of sheer bliss as she rode him .
tr	O	Ian gathered their joined hands in his , and Kincaid swore he felt an electrical snap .
tr	O	I wanted to look down at my leg , but I was afraid to see what was left .
tr	I	They did not fall , but tears filled my eyes .
tr	I	He silently applauded , and his dark brows arched .
tr	O	I know that I 'm not quite ready to face Nema , and I want as much time here as I can get .
tr	I	Magnus did not have time to waste , but double green sounded interesting .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to let her down , and Casey needed me .
tr	O	She watched as Mrs Waters tried to shrug it off , but she could tell she was thinking Tammy was stupid too .
tr	I	It upset her , and he was hurt .
tr	I	He 'd never tortured a woman , but as a human he 'd been merciless to his enemies .
tr	I	From what he heard this morning , Clara 's pack was an open group , but each pack behaved differently .
tr	O	The back door was still open and he thrust at the wheels hard , propelling his chair out onto the porch .
tr	O	His hand went to his cheek , but he was only touching , feeling for the presence of the hated tube .
tr	I	I swung my head back to see who was there and I heard the door creak behind me .
tr	I	We shall do well , and ' Let them be .
tr	O	A few of the signs he understood the meaning of , but the others he owned were unknown to him .
tr	O	Raising his eyeglass , Captain Rob saw several cannons in the fort trained on the harbor mouth , and pointing straight at his ships .
tr	O	She arched wildly , unable to take any more , and by her own action found that she could .
tr	O	Ethan returned to his chair , and they finished dinner .
tr	O	I turn around , hopeful , waiting for him to say something , but he stays silent .
tr	I	She 's young , Peter , but I can see Rose is a submissive .
tr	O	A great idea popped into my mind and I decided to move to another chair .
tr	O	Ryan held her gaze without touching her , but he might as well .
tr	O	We 'd made eye contact for only a few seconds , but I 'd felt like he was looking into my soul .
tr	I	She touched his shoulder , and his eyes drifted shut .
tr	I	I reached for him and Phillip took their place .
tr	O	She raised a brow in question and he finally awoke from his trance .
tr	O	As it lurched into first gear , the traffic jam resolved itself in front of me , and several cars fell into line behind .
tr	I	I 'm afraid of everything that 's transpired around me in the interim , and it feels as though an entire decade has passed .
tr	O	There 's got ta be a winner , and there 's got ta be a loser .
tr	O	Keisha sank her fork into the cake , and a river of gooey chocolate spilled out .
tr	O	I 'd like to blame the meds , but I 'm not sure that I can .
tr	I	I 'm out now , but I was stuck in the attic .
tr	I	We peel down the road and I climb in the car .
tr	O	There was something strange about the voice , but I couldn 't place it through my muddled mind .
tr	I	Edwin would lose Chelsea to the foster system , and then the insurance company would never pay out .
tr	I	Aaron had cash ready for the lady at the booth and it was a short drive to the parking lot exit .
tr	I	Even he could tell that she wasn 't , but her touch had been the same .
tr	I	Her mother never made an appearance , but Little League games were a town event .
tr	O	First it was me , and now it 's Owen ?
tr	I	Lucy slapped the back of his head , and Damon joked .
tr	O	He turned around but she 'd disappeared .
tr	O	She had one hand on her hip , and her toe was tapping .
tr	O	I 'm melancholy as shit , but I figure that 's normal .
tr	I	The reach of his abnormally long arms made him doubly dangerous , and he swung his horrid club at that point .
tr	O	She had been running around , under his very nose , and he had let her escape .
tr	O	That might happen in my dreams , but it wasn 't going to happen in real life .
tr	I	He 'd just found what he wanted , and Rabbit , however , had been searching .
tr	I	He knew there was no water to be had in the city of the damned , and five days was too long to go without drink .
tr	I	I realize I am tired and the excitement of the hunt has begun to leave .
tr	O	I start to cry in earnest now , and I hate myself for that .
tr	O	The moment did end , though , and soon his pace slowed down .
tr	O	The computer tech staggered , and on the fringe of the vampires , the one called Milan fell to the ground .
tr	O	That was a mystery Miranda was dying to discover , but she couldn 't ask Royston anything about his past .
tr	I	I needed more information but I had some possibilities running through my mind .
tr	I	No , I can 't tell you how it 's all going to play out , and no , I don 't know the answers .
tr	I	I 'd never seen something as brutal as that , but I 'd seen many terrible things through my abilities .
tr	O	It 'll either happen or it won 't .
tr	I	Still there was no sign of Charlie and Light now filled every corner of the room .
tr	O	Kenichi was put in charge of the online marketing project and Mark was the cultural in-between .
tr	I	His sister 's expression fell , and all heads snapped toward him .
tr	O	I could 've run after him , but there were bigger problems to deal with .
tr	O	I 'll call Dad and he 'll drive you to Bozeman for a flight .
tr	O	It would eventually heal , and I was determined to do everything I could to help it along .
tr	O	Rubbing my sore and I 'm sure bruised arm , I kept clicking through the images .
tr	I	Now that Damien was staring directly at her , blindly , she was completely unnerved , but she 'd been scared before .
tr	O	His lips curved upward and he felt his cheeks color at the compliment .
tr	O	I didn 't doubt the terror in Neil 's voice was real , and yet here he was , offering himself up for the greater good .
tr	O	He figured the lights were bright inside , and he was in darkness .
tr	I	It obviously doesn 't replace experience , and I 'm flying on instinct here .
tr	O	His touch was light , making my skin tingle , yet it defined the moment as if he thought he had a claim on me .
tr	O	His fingers began to bend and he sort of wiggle his hand a bit .
tr	I	He didn 't let it show but a grin played on his lips .
tr	I	Quite a number of such robes had been allowed to fall into a condition of shocking disrepair , and it was a sturdy , utilitarian covering .
tr	I	It was all I had at that moment , but it seemed like such an insignificant thing .
tr	O	The night feels too long , and I 'm not tired .
tr	I	I felt my stomach tighten , and Dr. Riley asked .
tr	I	They stared at each other for a moment and they stopped .
tr	O	She walked toward the island , and I fell in step beside her .
tr	I	He swiftly walked towards me without removing his gaze and the boy 's eyes flickered to mine .
tr	I	We live in an age of ignorance , and we live in an age of information .
tr	O	No one ever mentioned him to me , and to be honest , I was too afraid to ask .
tr	O	My blood pressure shot up in alarm but I had no retort to this particular comment .
tr	I	She 's psychic and she can teleport .
tr	O	Amanda 's brows arched and her expression softened .
tr	I	I can 't , but I open my mouth to curse .
tr	I	He 'd averted her questions , telling her the boy needed to be treated , but she 'd questioned her fad ' ra about his actions .
tr	O	She 's a wonderful girl , but she fell out of love first , believe me .
tr	I	I enter the room and he raises his eyebrows as Rian .
tr	O	I 'm not heartbroken and I still haven 't shed a single tear over the entire situation .
tr	I	I don 't think so , but it could be my imagination .
tr	O	Henri didn 't know that expression , but he figured it meant something evil .
tr	I	That was over , and that was a brief moment of weakness .
tr	O	Seeing four of them was daunting , but my method seemed to be working .
tr	O	His blonde hair looks almost white in the dark room and his grey eyes are cold .
tr	O	If he only knew that if he did this , I could leave and the biggest thorn in his side would be removed .
tr	I	Tad 's pronounced cough behind him made certain that he couldn 't , but he had hoped to slip into the room unseen .
tr	O	It didn 't take long , but I waited an extra five minutes for good measure before heading back to the room .
tr	I	She dismissed her from the room with a wave of her hand , and an attendant rushed to pour her a drink .
tr	I	We move toward each other and I set down the glass .
tr	O	People began rushing out in earnest , and even the stupefied ones reacted once they saw clearly what they needed to do .
tr	I	Uncle Kar had no choice -- it was worth too much to keep , but Rema hated to see the stallion sold .
tr	O	He was still dressed and he was looking at something intently in his hand .
tr	O	She tried to call for help but her voice caught in her throat .
tr	O	Eddie knew , and if the subject wasn 't so dire , I would 've laughed .
tr	I	It was a sad , humorless sound , but sitting in bed considering her situation , Nicole laughed .
tr	I	Nobody knows it better than me , and it 's the way this fucked up business works .
tr	I	Taking his hand they walked toward the car , and she stood .
tr	I	He dodged me , but as he stood , I made a weak grab for The Hunt for Red October .
tr	I	I laughed , and Leah gave me a quick grin .
tr	O	Her parents wouldn 't like it , but it would give her more privacy .
tr	I	I stepped over to find out what was happening and we heard a chorus of loud voices starting up behind him .
tr	O	I pointed to my grandma and still my mother didn 't see anything .
tr	O	The Lord will send Dash what Dash needs , and Lord knows that boy needs a great deal .
tr	I	It didn 't matter how fucked up it was , and Victor Stone 's money paid for whatever I desired .
tr	I	She made a sign against magic as they passed , and the mage tower in its grounds rose up .
tr	O	Somehow Picard knew that this was the time to come get me and he appeared at the door to escort me out of the house .
tr	O	A heaviness bore down on her and she scrambled to grab the desk before she collapsed .
tr	I	It was okay , but she was lying .
tr	I	Then , a lot about vampires is dorky , but I thought it was a pretty dorky name .
tr	I	He didn 't know what they were , but Stryker kept kicking them whenever he could .
tr	O	I wanted to know if he loved me , but there was no time for teary-eyed reunions .
tr	I	Jayden received a new one and students already had their own exercise books .
tr	I	The picture absolutely shocking in its detail , and the man in the picture was riveting .
tr	O	6 Haven hadn 't intended to fall asleep , but her exhaustion was deeper than she anticipated .
tr	O	It was legs days - not my favorite - but doing legs was not so bad with company .
tr	I	The whisper of air escaping as he breathed , and I heard his heartbeat .
tr	I	The look of horror unfolding on Noah 's face surely mirrored that on my own , and I nodded slowly .
tr	O	His breath caught in his throat as he glanced over at Lizzie but she hadn 't moved .
tr	I	It opened easily , but he held his breath as he pushed down the latch on the gate .
tr	I	Deep down , he rather enjoyed it and it was part of being a God .
tr	O	A look of apprehension came over her face , and she bit her bottom lip .
tr	I	She burst into tears again and just seeing her mother 's face through the glass .
tr	I	He was , but Ethan shouldn 't be stunned .
tr	I	Kincaid was already stripping off his gloves , but she reached for a packet of gauze bandage .
tr	I	It was downright painful , and she had missed him .
tr	O	I never heard him say anything about being in charge either , but they were the ones who decided to at least do something .
tr	I	Her heart started to pound hard , and she twisted around in her seat .
tr	O	The emergency entrance slid open and he passed through before Jack caught up .
tr	O	Her voice had faded from his memory long ago , but he remembered her smile .
tr	I	We were together again , and we were still family .
tr	I	I 'm not happy about it , and I just got slammed on some cash cows .
tr	O	All his stuff seemed to be there , but he searched the pack to be sure .
tr	O	The kiss was the last thing she expected , and her gasp of surprise slipped into his mouth .
tr	I	Daisy laughs under her breath as he leaves back down the hallway , and Nathan throws his hands up in the air , his dreams crushed .
tr	O	I didn 't know if I had the strength to go any farther , and I knew I didn 't have the courage to give up .
tr	I	I still didn 't hesitate with my answer , but it was almost too much to ask for .
tr	O	I 'm sorry if you don 't like the outcome of this investigation but it 's over .
tr	O	She soon warmed to my charm and I eventually asked her back .
tr	I	He confessed that he saw not why Israel should not again be a chosen nation , yet Baruch Spinoza had not a faithful Jewish heart .
tr	O	My lips snapped closed , and I ducked my head .
tr	O	Amelie 's tone was cool , and her face was a mask .
tr	I	I exhaled and my stomach stopped doing flips .
tr	O	She was half crazed with worry to know how the fight had gone , but she pressed her urge down with desperate effort .
tr	I	Filling his stomach was more important , but he could have done it then .
tr	O	My mom is in love with yet another loser -- big surprise -- and she 's hardly working .
tr	O	I called , but it was too late .
tr	O	The shower was intended to clean off the copious amounts of sunscreen , but it also served another purpose .
tr	O	The sound reminded me of the opening scene from Cinderella , and I realized that the birds were happy .
tr	O	Every muscle in my body relaxed and I felt myself sinking .
tr	I	He stepped with her and she took another step .
tr	O	Helen felt her smile slip , but she quickly forced it back into place .
tr	I	She could feel the chains tighten around them and he pulled her hands above her head .
tr	O	I meant to say it in my mind but it came out of my mouth .
tr	I	I had to rely on other senses to get by , and I 've always thought it was because I was blind .
tr	O	He shuddered , and Mom cut her eyes at me .
tr	I	She couldn 't get any sound out , but she needed to speak to them .
tr	I	It was still amazing , but it was only a trick of the stage lights .
tr	O	Faye nodded in agreement , and Louise led the way .
tr	O	She was scheduled to use it again on Sol 7 , but she went home instead .
tr	I	He wasn 't being forthcoming and what sort was the question .
tr	O	She had a lot to do to get ready for the next day , and she was tired of dealing with his bullshit .
tr	O	For one thing it would not work , and I would only succeed in looking foolish .
tr	O	Whatever it is , I don 't want any part of it , and I don 't want it anywhere near me .
tr	I	He left the library to parts unknown without saying anything , and Cecil 's sweet mood had definitely soured .
tr	O	Her hair stood on end , and she tried not to fidget .
tr	I	They laughed again , and he truthfully told them that he found it stronger than what he was used to .
tr	I	Her breath hitched and her heart raced .
tr	I	The man toppled off , hitting the tile , and Rick fired a round through the side of his head .
tr	O	There could be only one explanation for this , and her name was Lady Harriett .
tr	O	My face flooded with heat immediately and I couldn 't look him in the eyes .
tr	O	This door was painted to look like the side of the mountain , but it was nearly half a meter thick .
tr	O	A few years ago he had a fair number of troubles with the law , but then he suddenly started receiving help by a few well-paid lawyers .
tr	O	I could tell the way his attention shifted from Mike to me and back , Jack was busy assessing my relationship with the new guy .
tr	O	Cheering arose and the curtains opened .
tr	O	I 'd seen him without a shirt plenty of times , and just that was enough to send my libido into overdrive .
tr	O	Hands began to rise - and trumpets began to howl .
tr	I	Still there was no word on when we were mounting out and I had just finished evening chow .
tr	O	Presumably , the rapping was at the door , but he didn 't remember where the door was .
tr	O	It knocked me off balance , and I wobbled .
tr	O	Branches grabbed at her and rocks turned up underfoot .
tr	O	She motioned toward the open room below us and I realized she meant her older teasing cousins .
tr	O	They knew how jealous I was of Charles 's going off to Kenyon University , and Richard heading down to Georgetown .
tr	I	She 'd learn soon enough ; but perhaps she assumed she did .
tr	I	We can slow it considerably , but we can 't quite stop the aging process .
tr	O	The dreams were still so vivid that it was several minutes before he realized he was awake , but awareness did not necessarily bring understanding .
tr	O	The officer looked to Jack and I watched his jaw clench .
tr	I	Finally she looked up at him and Nik was quiet for a long time after that request .
tr	O	His face was split by a big smile , but it was far from friendly .
tr	I	She sticks her tongue out to lick it , and I touch her lips with my bloody finger .
tr	I	She grabbed my arm , but I made to walk around her .
tr	I	She was a pagan , and he 'd been Catholic .
tr	O	I cover my ears , but then I realize it 's Maryanne calling my name .
tr	O	The store closed and we landed in jail .
tr	O	Jimmy shot her a glare , and she smiled .
tr	I	Their rebellions fell apart and laziness took over .
tr	O	Claire wished she could believe that , but there was still some small , difficult part of herself that was too aware of her own flaws .
tr	I	He grabbed Zane 's hand , holding it hard , but his fingers were trembling .
tr	O	The guy next to me whimpered a little , and I realized I was still twisting his arm .
tr	O	I 'd never been a jerky fan , but the urge to nosh was undeniable .
tr	I	Her thundering heartbeat made a roaring in her ears that blotted out sound , but she tried to listen for the shower .
tr	O	They were the only ones in the chapel , but I knew that could change at any given moment .
tr	O	Every faction is supposed to have holding rooms for those who make trouble , but I 've never been in one before .
tr	I	It 'd grown since I 'd gotten back into town , and anxiety was my constant companion .
tr	O	He 's an asshole sometimes but he 's my little brother .
tr	O	I pull his arm off his face , and he drapes it over my shoulders instead .
tr	I	He 's the least of our worries , but I didn 't even check to see if the one Cat took out was still alive .
tr	I	The store closed long ago , but I 've got a ticket .
tr	I	The command held no sway , but the king commanded her to release him .
tr	I	They 're a mess , and we 've got five houses going .
tr	I	Her legs shook , and he swirled his tongue in circles .
tr	I	It seemed obvious he had no intention of answering that question , and Brick pressed his lips together .
tr	I	I wouldn 't have become a vampire without my father 's meddling , and my grandfather had been Ombudsman before I 'd become a vampire .
tr	I	He was so appreciative of their friendship , and it inspired Will to do the same .
tr	O	He was a big guy , and beads of sweat formed at his temple as he fought the rush of the drug .
tr	I	For a moment there was no response , and she pressed Izzy 's hand , hard .
tr	I	First I have to know if Devlin kissed you , but I 'll tell you my name .
tr	O	He pushed open a door and they entered a stark white clean room .
tr	O	Evelyn is wearing a green gown and Elizabeth is wearing a blue one .
tr	O	I knew she was lying and even I felt bad for her .
tr	O	They all draw back at the pasty flesh beneath , but I 'm not done yet .
tr	O	I 'd talked about bringing Patch , but that would require me to forgive him for meeting Blakely last night .
tr	I	Deep creases lined his forehead and Dale pressed his lips together .
tr	O	I wasn 't ready , and Milo deserved to have a father .
tr	O	We spin around in a circle and I 've never felt so close to another person , not even when we were kissing .
tr	O	He stroked her cheek and she stirred , her eyes fluttering open .
tr	I	Neither of them looked a day over twenty-five , but each of them were in their early thirties .
tr	O	Mr. Ferro is one of our best customers and as such , we try to humor his requests .
tr	O	I saw an interesting side of your work , and now I should show you mine .
tr	I	She walked across it easily and the next gap was smaller .
tr	O	She thought she had him , but he didn 't even blink .
tr	I	That monster had killed her family , and she had once responded to one .
tr	O	Mandisa came to my side and I slid her onto my lap without thinking , resting my cheek on her head .
tr	O	I didn 't , but now I do .
tr	I	I followed the peeled numbers on the buildings until I found the right warehouse and I wiggled my way through the loose gravel to the other side .
tr	I	The tranquilizer made me groggy , but I clawed him .
tr	I	Mary quickly continued , but the dowager opened her mouth as if to protest .
tr	I	The farmers have turned off many of their lights to save energy and nels loves to drive at this time of night because it is quiet .
tr	I	She fell to her knees , and Pain crashed through her system .
tr	I	Also understanding , but his eyes held yearning .
tr	I	His back hits the wall and I shove his shoulder .
tr	I	Tammie felt her dark skin turning red , and he was watching her every move .
tr	O	The woman is a nut and if she 's gotten herself pregnant , there is no way it 's yours .
tr	O	Myst had missed this little ritual , but she had no interest just now .
tr	I	You admire his power , and you 've felt powerless .
tr	I	Tramps don 't usually live in the forest but I am still pretending to be a tramp .
tr	I	The door closed behind her , and she eased her car inside .
tr	I	Like most nights , he was late , and it was his turn to keep watch .
tr	O	I 'm a ship 's boy and ship 's boys get beaten .
tr	O	Their eyes connected and in the second before he started toward her , her heart seemed to stop .
tr	O	I looked away , and Cronus cried out , the first real sound of pain I 'd ever heard from him .
tr	I	She still wasn 't sure whether she was the right woman for him , but she did , with all her heart .
tr	I	A white fog billows out when he opens it , and he leads me over to a large metal door .
tr	I	By standing on tiptoe she 'd raised her face into full view , and she was taller than many of the other robots .
tr	I	I had to see what he was talking about , but I didn 't want to turn away from Steve .
tr	O	Her father told her she was a chameleon and she believed him .
tr	I	It has haunted me ever since , and I had my moment .
tr	I	She promised herself she 'd tell Kaylie , and she had two hours before meeting Blake .
tr	I	Then you came along , and he was everything to me .
tr	O	She had had strange dreams , and they had seemed so real .
tr	O	The man left , and all eyes swiveled to me .
tr	O	He was yelling about the monster and she tried to calm him down .
tr	O	His eyes shot open and he sat up .
tr	O	We were victorious , and they were still celebrating .
tr	I	I couldn 't help myself but oh I know we try not to bring business into our relationship .
tr	I	We 're in my driveway and I wake up as he 's opening my door .
tr	O	He stayed facing away from her , but she had a nice view of his splendid back , reminding her of exactly what she was missing .
tr	O	I opened my mouth , but no sound came out .
tr	I	Something bad , or he wondered if she meant something good .
tr	I	It was all that she had , and it wasn 't much money .
tr	I	I 've never felt like this before ... and I 've never been good with things like this .
tr	I	His blood started heading south and he could feel the warmth of her skin through the silk of her blouse .
tr	O	This had never happened to me before , and I wasn 't sure how to react .
tr	O	It was not the news they were looking for and she was very tired , probably sound asleep .
tr	I	Then it 'll be over , and they 'll bluster again tomorrow .
tr	O	I needed a few more seconds before she spoke and her words destroyed what was left of my life .
tr	I	Linda 's face swam back into my mind , but that sounded logical .
tr	O	It may have taken a hundred years , but he finally learned that !
tr	O	I nodded , and he zapped us behind a large , dense shrub against the wall of an isolated place .
tr	I	Lately , it was taking over his every thought , but he couldn 't remember how his obsession with women had started .
tr	I	Faith , for me , was tough , but he 'd told me that countless times .
tr	I	I took it all the same , but I knew he was baiting me .
tr	O	He could have flown straight to the club 's door , but he wanted Burden to know he was on his way .
tr	I	He could not remember ever seeing them closed , but he walked by those doors several times on the average day .
tr	I	It would only make them laugh more but I wanted to knock their heads together .
tr	I	Mia 's secret was connected to Viola herself , but usually she would turn it into a great scandal .
tr	I	She missed me and Sloane was lonely .
tr	I	Derrick was protecting Sadie and maybe the father had already found them .
tr	I	The hands on my arms loosened , and I heard cries from all around , on every side .
tr	O	For a second , I figured he must 've been blind ; but he walked on , around me , clearly seeing the objects in his path .
tr	I	Jordan bounded down , and the Camden carriage drew up before the house at No. 3 .
tr	O	All I needed was a sign from him and I would end it with Ethan for good .
tr	O	He dives under the surface with purpose and for a moment , I forget that I 'm supposed to be swimming with him .
tr	I	I stilled it , but Emily 's hand shifted to her back .
tr	O	It was sort of a rustling sound , but it wasn 't too far off .
tr	I	Fired three times in rapid succession , not missing a shot , and I took the chance .
tr	I	He sat anyway , but famous last words , Judd thought .
tr	I	That had to be enough for now , and he was trying in his own way .
tr	I	She was ravenous , and it was a breakfast buffet for her alone .
tr	I	After that , I had no idea what to do next , but I knew I was going to run the plate number Karl gave me .
tr	I	Not before she caught a glimpse of his face , but when he heard her voice , he ducked down .
tr	O	Surely she knows that our whole sector was late for training and now we 're all gon na die .
tr	I	There was a tension in the court that never fully dissolved , but the meeting continued amiably enough .
tr	I	He saw how her gaze lingered on his fangs , and Mihai only smiled at her .
tr	O	Anna had told me Call couldn 't raise the dead , but he had tried that night .
tr	O	He figured the dogs would fight over the meat and it would look like they killed him .
tr	O	Some were difficult , but that was only because they demanded the best .
tr	O	Her hair was like corn silk and her skin was like milky caramel .
tr	O	He whispered something in a foreign language , and the room instantly iced .
tr	I	Then I gave a push , and that worry sank in for a brief second .
tr	I	He could be the cover model every month , and I should start a magazine called GQ Cowboy .
tr	I	Romain 's felt safer , but especially since she 'd been investigating Kimberly 's disappearance ... Strange , perhaps .
tr	O	It broke in half lengthwise and parts lay on the ground .
tr	I	She knew I cared about her and I knew she cared about me .
tr	O	I think we 've all known something like this would be coming and I think we know what we must do ?
tr	O	Then Julia saw Lance 's hand move to his pocket , and moments later he was holding an uncooked hot dog .
tr	O	Gunner 's name was Dalby and in my eyes , he was what all Marines wanted to be like .
tr	O	She ran into Nick as she was walking to her last class and he stopped in the hall .
tr	I	He hadn 't been wrong to ask , but he didn 't answer .
tr	I	This one led somewhere , but the road ahead of me was long .
tr	I	I 'd certainly gotten it , and I 'd asked for change .
tr	I	He never failed to do so until this - and he just liked being prepared for every eventuality .
tr	I	Sometimes she agreed to special orders , and people bought what was on the shelves .
tr	I	It 's abundantly clear that we 're both naked , and one of my legs is slung over his waist .
tr	O	He was making this easy , and Charlotte warmed to her ideas .
tr	I	His breath hissed out in response , and as I walked past him , my hands brushed his bare chest .
tr	O	She 's not perfect and I love her the way she is .
tr	O	He must have went upstairs to lay down , and she hadn 't even noticed .
tr	I	They smelled fresh , and the second bag had kolaches .
tr	I	The others arrived at the patio set on the deck and Decker had returned from the dock by the time Sam .
tr	O	Ours won , and they shot him down with arrows .
tr	O	The doctors had gone , and the pain of his open body was leaving him .
tr	I	She would continue to scream until those screams became garbled by the blood pouring from her mouth , and Ivy 's eyes would begin to bleed .
tr	I	Adam stared after him and the paramedic wheeled him away .
tr	I	It 's too late , but Lucy screams my name .
tr	I	I liked that about her , and she would .
tr	I	Talon followed him , but that didn 't sound good .
tr	O	I didn 't know what Patch had gotten himself mixed up in , but I had an uncomfortable feeling swelling in my stomach .
tr	O	I didn 't know if I was ready to be nak * d with him , but I didn 't want to wait , either .
tr	O	You get me frazzled and I can 't think .
tr	I	He lifted her so she could lock her legs around his waist and she jumped up .
tr	I	The phone line was dead , but Ivan started to speak .
tr	O	She didn 't look up at him , but there was a new stillness to her .
tr	I	Now I wasn 't quite sure , but I had dismissed that thought earlier .
tr	O	His arm slipped around her waist and he held her tightly to him as his lips moved against hers .
tr	O	This was going to be a delicate issue , and she would have to handle this very carefully .
tr	O	She liked neutral colors , and matching worked for her .
tr	I	I didn 't hear any of it , but the crowd went nuts for their stars .
tr	I	I missed it , and the accent was Deep South - not a hint of France .
tr	I	Her mother changed pretenders to the throne with like most people clicked between TV channels , and her parents had divorced when Kim was seven .
tr	I	Maddie had become very friendly with Mom over the last year , and Kara had been a friend of his mother 's for years .
tr	I	I stepped back , wondering if maybe the panther wasn 't dead after all , and something let out a grunt .
tr	I	He looked fresher with his shaved face and his hair was slicked back .
tr	O	It 's my normal quitting time and all the other employees are leaving .
tr	I	They follow , and I lead .
tr	O	Eloquent , I know , but it seems like Reeve is feeling just as talkative .
tr	O	That sounds so trashy , but I just don 't care .
tr	O	The gates were open and Grace walked through trying to look more confident than she felt .
tr	I	The taxi inched into traffic , and the driver started his meter .
tr	I	He laughed as he walked away and I rolled my eyes at him .
tr	O	Together we gazed down at the devastation once more , but this time Henry 's grip felt like steel .
tr	I	Half an hour later he photographed another man coming ashore and because he left on his own , Bruno stayed in position .
tr	I	It was already taking a serious toll on me but it had only been a couple of hours that I 'd been separated from Jules .
tr	O	I smiled at her , but our eyes didn 't connect .
tr	I	The stars are shimmering brightly and it ´ s pitch black .
tr	I	His laugh was so rare she couldn 't help responding with a grudging smile , but she tried to act mad .
tr	I	Almost immediately I caught a snatch of inner monologue that shook me up , and I closed my eyes to help me concentrate .
tr	I	Daniel listened to her trying to muffle sobs in the darkness and the tears leaked from her eyes .
tr	O	She began tapping words into the computer and Claire wondered if she had been dismissed .
tr	O	His face is stricken , and he 's backing up .
tr	O	A shot cracked the air , and my eye snapped towards Logan as a cloud of smoke obscured him .
tr	O	He stuck his hand out to help me up and I accepted .
tr	O	She 'd had this proud , strong , yes , arrogant man 's love and she 'd sold it .
tr	I	She leaned in to hear his secret and his eyes sparkled as he leaned over .
tr	I	I was very happy to have her with me at the hospital , and it was something I never would have thought of .
tr	I	She won him over , in spite of his more cautious instincts , and she continued to reassure him that there would be no real danger .
tr	O	My world reeled , and I felt nauseous .
tr	I	The captain joined him , and he laughed softly .
tr	O	An American fur trader , who introduced himself as Charles Eastern , befriended André and they started talking .
tr	O	I heard a little kid scream and I ran into the room .
tr	O	My voice rose and I laughed .
tr	I	She felt she was getting the hang of it , and they started to play .
tr	O	Rock 's brow furrowed , and my heart sank further .
tr	O	The huts were deceptively small , but as we entered ours , it was obvious this had once housed a family .
tr	O	It was a daydream , but in that moment it felt all too real .
tr	I	She didn 't smile back , but when Hanna stepped into the lights , he gave her a big smile .
tr	O	She charged at me and I dropped to my knees , grabbing one of her ankles .
tr	O	The elaborately carved grooves of his mask brush against my skin , and I wonder if it will leave a touch of glitter behind .
tr	I	He chose righteousness , and Abraham was called by God to choose .
tr	I	An entire kingdom was at his heels , and now he was alone .
tr	O	Poseidon tightened his grip on Hades , but his squirming was becoming too pronounced .
tr	I	It was going great for them all and it was the summer before freshman year .
tr	I	Dylan wasn 't a man to take his promises lightly , and he 'd promised his stepfather that Callie would be there .
tr	O	His hands moved and he yanked at his tie viciously .
tr	I	She felt a warm flood of resentment surge through her veins , and the remembrance of George 's behaviour on New Year 's Eve returned to her .
tr	O	She didn 't have a gun in her house , but she did have a baseball bat in her bedroom .
tr	I	Spelman should have known better , and no one had a right to reveal the secrets .
tr	O	I helped you once , and you promised something in return .
tr	I	She was all-in and she was a confident woman .
tr	I	Suddenly Selena felt the odd sensation of floating and the sharp sound of the instrument bellowed overhead .
tr	O	She clutched at his shoulders , and this time he didn 't move back .
tr	O	The driver said we were only there for half an hour and he wouldn 't wait for stragglers .
tr	O	Daniel told him he wanted to go with him but Lewis said he needed to handle it by himself .
tr	O	His breathing was ragged , and his eyes were closed .
tr	O	The technical details remained a little fuzzy to him , but no matter , he had created an aggressive market for this white haired genie .
tr	O	We were born in Aberdeenshire , but we moved to Russia shortly before the cold war ended .
tr	O	We pile into the car and Micha drives it up on the grass to maneuver it around Ethan 's truck parked in the center of the driveway .
tr	O	When he reaches the end , he starts flipping through them again , but I start talking as he does .
tr	I	Our hands brushed against each other and he reached for his cup at the same time as me .
tr	O	I rarely ever drink alcoholic beverages , and I haven 't danced much since high school either .
tr	I	Stephen said nothing and it wasn 't moved .
tr	O	She protested , but the protests fell on deaf ears .
tr	O	He flattened his hands over them , kneading their softness through my bra , and I moaned as a ripple of pleasure pulsed between my legs .
tr	I	That 's why I survived in him and he had no heart to speak of .
tr	I	My sensitive nerve endings sprang back to carnal life and my core tightened about him .
tr	I	A dark shape filled my vision , but I gave a shout of triumph .
tr	I	Neither of them minded but the walk was long .
tr	I	It could return quickly , but the bitter north wind had faded for the moment .
tr	I	Lots of other people do , and I cared before I came here .
tr	O	Taking a deep breath , she gathered all of her courage , and whatever strength she had left , to lift her head .
tr	O	It 's been a few days since the accident and the Chevelle is parked out in his garage in ruins .
tr	I	I shook my head , and Zach asked .
tr	I	I 've still got bitch written all over me but the drugs are gone .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell her that , but it was actually a parting gift .
tr	O	The sounds blur into a soothing symphony , and I fall asleep faster than I expected .
tr	O	Sofia 's eyes rolled and she began to laugh .
tr	O	Her skin jumps a little at my touch , and I wonder if my hands are cold .
tr	I	Then , they wouldn 't if Kelly had been human , but the Alchemists had no record of the murder .
tr	O	He looks at me in a way I wish he didn 't , but quickly changes tact when he catches my fleeting frown .
tr	I	There was nobody around and she looked around nervously .
tr	O	He 'd always been superior to others , but this should prove it even to Whitney .
tr	O	I didn 't know and I didn 't care .
tr	O	She tensed , waiting for the boom of a shotgun , but nothing happened .
tr	O	She felt his tongue touch hers , and her heart seemed to take flight .
tr	O	I 've read a few books on the subject and even the best scholars can only narrow it down to a few hundred thousand possibilities .
tr	O	Michael felt a hitch in his gut , but he had to ask the next question .
tr	I	There was barely any sound , but the wires were vibrating gently .
tr	I	The blue background became green , and the screen flickered then .
tr	O	I should have been more careful to place lower during tryouts last spring , but thinking ahead was not my forte .
tr	I	Ronan said nothing , simply nodded his understanding , but he didn 't look weak .
tr	O	It was morning already , and my replacement had arrived .
tr	O	It was incredibly pretty , but she needed something gold to go with this gown .
tr	I	The bead grew in brightness for a moment , and Garen stuck his tongue out a little as he concentrated .
tr	O	Her voice wobbles , just a little , and she repeats herself , quietly this time .
tr	O	Her body milking my cock sent my body into overdrive , and I came with a rush inside her .
tr	O	Her hands flew up to cover her mouth and her face closed up as if she were in pain .
tr	I	That small invasion wasn 't enough , but his tongue dipped inside .
tr	O	This is my fault , and I 'll handle it .
tr	O	I couldn 't be happy with T.J. , and now he was robbing me of happiness when he wasn 't around , too .
tr	O	Jack 's memory was foggy , but he knew Lorraine had taken one hell of a beating .
tr	O	I stood at the edge of the woods and I stopped , for I was afraid .
tr	O	Then after some time the specialists ceased their attacks , and the delegates consented to having a short break .
tr	I	It sounded faint , distant , but he could hear a commotion of sorts on the other side .
tr	I	He hated surprises and this was unexpected .
tr	O	I turned on the TV , but it was playing a DVD .
tr	O	He immediately ran back to his girlfriend and she was sitting up crying , hysterically .
tr	O	My arms went tight around him and I pressed the side of my face to his chest .
tr	O	The school I went to before transferred all of my files , and I already passed the courses .
tr	I	It hadn 't made matters any better , and he 'd already done that .
tr	O	They were too far away for me to make out her words , but from her body language , I assumed she was offering an apology .
tr	O	She wanted to touch him just as he was doing to her , but he wouldn 't let her .
tr	I	Nick held him tighter so he could feel it , and Kelly shivered all over .
tr	I	Ali hadn 't been as lucky , but they 'd escaped just in time .
tr	O	He wondered if it meant their time was running out or it had run out .
tr	I	He quickly took the call and it flashed up Clarice 's picture .
tr	I	They gazed at one another silently and his head turned slowly toward the hermit .
tr	O	' This has always been my favorite , ' I told him , and I rather slowly blurred into the form of the snowy white owl .
tr	O	It seems like a dream , but it is real .
tr	I	His eyes were practically on fire , and Lux 's skin glistened with sweat .
tr	I	A rush of excitement flooded her veins but she wasn 't sure when her decision had been made .
tr	I	Blair rushed in and the door opened .
tr	I	The smarter someone is the more that they can do , and I also believe that this is all tied to intellect .
tr	O	She 'd managed to quiet herself , but truth was she was completely petrified .
tr	I	She didn 't have to fight the sudden brightness , and the lights were turned down low .
tr	I	Though I had a good idea of what was in the bag , I had to be sure , and A morgue .
tr	O	He throttled the engine and I winced as the car lurched forward .
tr	I	It 's too late but I quickly reach for the towel .
tr	O	I kinda want to say creative writing , but the last thing I need is my future teammates to hear that I 'm beginning to like poetry .
tr	O	I am alive , and I am leaving .
tr	I	They hadn 't been sure , but they 'd loaded her brain with all the right prompts .
tr	O	She relaxed when her sister-in-law sat back against the couch cushions , but Autumn didn 't look happy about it .
tr	I	He deftly tucked the strand of hair back into place , and then she dropped her hand back down to her side .
tr	I	As soon as the words are out of my mouth I realize what he means , but I ask .
tr	O	His fingertips grazed the back of my neck , and I shuddered , closing my eyes halfway .
tr	I	They weren 't with the chick but I got a few other photos .
tr	O	He says he 's twelve , but I 'm not so sure .
tr	O	No boats were visible but following the shoreline northwards , he suddenly exclaimed with surprise .
tr	I	I 'm not holding my breath just yet , but I just hope that it all works out .
tr	O	His sharp cheekbones were flushed and his eyes glittered .
tr	O	I told her to stay quiet and we would get her out soon .
tr	I	It didn 't look like it would be enough , but Lea kept her barrage of attacks on Payton , forcing her to cover-up .
tr	I	We assumed it took hold because of decreased immune function , and it 's been called an opportunistic disease by the CDC .
tr	O	Beside me , Ivy was drinking hot chocolate and Missy had cider also .
tr	I	The heat of fury burned over his skin , and then he saw the mark on her face .
tr	O	We 're in better shape than most , and it 's a rule of nature that predators prefer easy prey .
tr	O	She completed her search and when thousands of sites instantly appeared in reference to criminals , she realized she needed to be more specific .
tr	O	Their loads were smaller , and they threw less often .
tr	I	It 's mostly swallowed in darkness , and this floor isn 't carpeted .
tr	O	Rob had also had enough and I saw him trying to take the gas mask off .
tr	O	He 'd asked to come with her , but now she wondered if this was such a good idea .
tr	I	The sight of a suitable resting spot eased the pain , but by this time my leg was on fire .
tr	I	I nod and she asks .
tr	I	I was touching my pregnant belly , and he was at school soon after .
tr	I	I couldn 't let up , and he was staring at me as if he 'd never seen me before .
tr	I	He 's in there , but I 'll have to wait until I 'm actually in the building to find him .
tr	O	I looked up at him , and he seemed amused .
tr	I	The stench of tons of decaying clam pieces was at an all-time , putrid high and it was now the summer season .
tr	I	He seemed to swell larger even though he hadn 't yet moved and she was tight around him .
tr	O	He 'd love to keep her bound , but it wasn 't what he had to do .
tr	O	I don 't generally find old women scary , but Georgina was downright frightening when she was mad .
tr	I	The outlaw chief fell back into the opening he had ripped in the tent , and both guns dropped from hands suddenly gone limp .
tr	O	It was most peculiar , really , because she appeared to be dressed elegantly enough , yet instinct told him she didn 't quite belong .
tr	O	This was because our relationship was so new , and sex was so new to me .
tr	O	Aaron 's death was terrible , but she could handle it .
tr	O	She told him so , and words were said that couldn 't be taken back .
tr	I	Del a 's words stil hurt , but Kylie bit down on her lip .
tr	I	She had lived for thousands of years , yet she hardly looked a day over twenty-five .
tr	O	This made my eyes roll into the back of my head and I tightened my already closed lids .
tr	I	Then a female answered , and it rang three times .
tr	I	He moves his thumb in a circular motion over my wrist bone and his fingers are intertwined in mine .
tr	I	He rang the doorbell , and they walked to the front porch .
tr	O	I sucked in a breath , and my blood turned to ice .
tr	O	Closing them only served to link images to the recalled sounds , and it was more restful to just stare at the plaster overhead .
tr	I	Now it looked like I had no choice , but I wasn 't used to being the calm one in a situation .
tr	I	Then , I 'd learned to expect impressive things from her , but it was pretty impressive that she could make all of this work .
tr	I	The room was filled with bluish white fire and the doors of the elevator suddenly burst out !
tr	O	The material 's supple , like fabric , and can be drawn back like a hood in case I don 't want it up full-time .
tr	I	I see Finley ´ s leading her upstairs and I look at the beautifully adorned white staircase .
tr	I	She always got the feeling he resented her for it , and even in his wingtips she was almost four inches taller than him .
tr	I	I held his arms down and he spat blood out at me .
tr	I	I was sure that he knew something more , but he may not be able to help me .
tr	O	He said no more after this , and what followed was an awkward silence .
tr	O	She 's a marriage counselor , and her husband is a pediatrician .
tr	O	Obviously I had made a huge error but I had no idea what it was .
tr	O	She ran down the last few steps , and before I knew it , we were outside on the front lawn .
tr	O	The air was crisp today and the sky was filled with deep curls of clouds .
tr	O	They 'll come out when they want something , and you 'll hear them roaring through the village .
tr	O	Darren beside me chuckled and I glanced at him .
tr	I	You refused to listen and I 've been telling you for years to watch your back with that bitch .
tr	I	I made no attempt to look for the river , but the highway runs roughly parallel to the Illinois River .
tr	O	I playfully poked his arm and he laughed .
tr	I	He didn 't need to laugh at her but she was glad he wasn 't trying to guilt her over the purchase .
tr	I	Now there 's no more daddy , but I used to be a daddy 's girl myself .
tr	I	His eyebrows testified as much , and Donoghue was surprised at Adams ' explanation of his temporary role .
tr	I	Now it was her wedding day , and the man had failed her .
tr	I	His heart flooded with warmth , and Austin opened his fingers to gaze at the antique diamond set in a stunning platinum band .
tr	O	The moonlight coming through the cell 's window slit wasn 't much to see by , but it was enough .
tr	I	At the same time I can 't blame her , but I 'm a little wounded by her last remark .
tr	I	Said she didn 't see any problems and she was forty-three , in great health .
tr	I	It 's obvious that Rosemary has already undergone some changes and none of us will let you go without a fight .
tr	O	I can explain the details later but I need you to get going .
tr	O	He yells out and I push him enough to move sideways , slipping inside my bedroom before slamming the door .
tr	I	She snatched it up and the phone rang again .
tr	O	Adrenaline still rushed through him , and he didn 't know how badly wounded he might be .
tr	I	A magazine can hold fifteen , and each box contains twenty-five rounds .
tr	O	Eve 's mouth dropped open and she shook her head , sure she hadn 't heard correctly .
tr	O	The light is beginning to change color , and this is funny .
tr	I	I felt a thrill as I neared , but as I strolled towards Nathan , he pushed himself from the hitching post , his expression neutral .
tr	O	Their work spoke for them , but here where she 'd grown up , Brian 's reputation had tarnished her own .
tr	O	He nodded unable to talk as they both scrambled to right themselves again , and Lizzie took the chance to look around at their surrounding .
tr	O	She had plans to hang out at Matt 's apartment tonight , but Jules had called this afternoon with her request .
tr	I	It seems like this gradual transition you don 't notice , but I 've had a few boyfriends .
tr	I	It was obviously bringing about the stealthy disintegration of his own , and he had imbibed , on some level , Manfred 's world-view .
tr	O	Kyle had to assume Alex had long forgotten him , and he certainly didn 't want to tip his hand to her .
tr	O	He turned to move , but the ropes were everywhere .
tr	O	Not that anyone was around to see , but Gregor maintained it was always better not to make a spectacle .
tr	O	My heart sank and I moved toward her .
tr	O	I bumped it up , and Dean spiked it .
tr	O	I stared at him , and instant worry set in .
tr	I	Then pain exploded alongside my temple , and Caleb gave a yelp from behind me .
tr	O	He walked out of the room , and I sat there in stunned immobility .
tr	O	As we continue to climb higher , the clouds envelop us and I know I am right .
tr	I	She was just curious , but she hoped it wouldn 't come across as rude .
tr	O	Bradley turned to her , but John did not hear .
tr	I	His headlight lit up the tunnel and he pressed a button by his thumb .
tr	I	Maybe she had felt the same as her or she was obviously thinking of a good answer .
tr	O	He doesn 't hit her in the face , but he gets the rest of her pretty well .
tr	O	Georgie had tried him half a dozen times since lunch , and every time , the call went to voice mail .
tr	O	I spun around and there she was .
tr	I	Then we rushed up the stairs , barely greeting the flight attendant as we passed , and Jared spoke quick instructions to the pilot .
tr	I	What it really needed was a frustrating impossibility , but still , her body wanted .
tr	I	I lied to her but I don 't know what made me do it .
tr	I	His eyes went vacant for a moment like he was recalling the very thing I was challenging him to think about and his nostrils flared .
tr	I	The Weapon will no longer be able to function and pull it .
tr	I	I really do believe it , but maybe it 's wishful thinking .
tr	I	They 're rotten to the core , but they 're really beings like Eva .
tr	O	As he spoke those words , his countenance began to grow bright and his garments radiated such light that my eyes had difficulty to behold .
tr	O	Then she blew on it with a slight puff , and it instantly vanished .
tr	O	She wanted to cry , but she was too numb .
tr	I	He looked away from me , and he paused as pain sliced through his features .
tr	O	His voice got more forceful , and then he smiled a mocking smile .
tr	O	He was her husband now , and it was his duty to solve any issues that arose .
tr	I	I grinned and the board moved forward .
tr	I	He was wise enough to avoid it , but there was a direct path to the upper caves .
tr	O	I wanted to throw them in the river , but he would not have it .
tr	O	That seems like too much power , but the Grand Administrator can veto any of their choices , if I recall correctly .
tr	O	His knee jammed up into her crotch , and a jolt of pain surged through her .
tr	O	It wasn 't the greatest of jobs ... but it kept me busy .
tr	I	I let him take it , and he reached for my hand .
tr	I	Without it I didn 't know what I was going to do , and his opinion mattered to me .
tr	O	The tender muscle always tasted the best , and he savored the flavor of his enemy .
tr	I	He hated it and he felt so damn helpless .
tr	O	Her blond hair was dyed black , and she wore a crumpled business suit .
tr	I	Browning came in behind her , closing the door and when they reached the hut , Grace stepped inside .
tr	I	Color was draining from her face , and Amy was starting to ramble .
tr	O	Several parents held their young children and they cried out loud .
tr	I	He dropped to a crouch and every muscle tensed to take the impact .
tr	I	She had some company at all times , and Jessica was also being taught at home .
tr	I	His support means everything to me , but I don 't know how he 's managed to stick by me all these years without knowing our secrets .
tr	O	Mac closed his eyes but that didn 't help because it was coming from his Imp not from the real world .
tr	I	I held myself in place , but I wanted to lean back .
tr	O	I 'll always be your airplane , but no hyperventilating onstage .
tr	I	Suzy was surprised to see how organized everything was and Beth followed her down the hall to her office .
tr	O	He keeps saying all the right things , but those things are irritating the crap out of me right now .
tr	I	I knew we had such a long way to go , but I wanted so much to be past this .
tr	I	It meant nothing to him and he was playing with Chrissie 's heart .
tr	I	It didn 't retreat either but it didn 't come closer .
tr	O	Lukas wasn 't too sure if the women enjoyed the western , but he certainly did .
tr	O	The little parade of us attracted quite a lot of attention as we followed him , and I wondered what all the fuss about it .
tr	O	It seemed that Harry was about to be the one to tell me this , but Adria took over for him .
tr	I	The others reluctantly followed behind her , and Cassie got out of the car .
tr	I	I knew it was my own trembling that caused the illusion , but it looked like the school was shaking , like there was an earthquake .
tr	I	The time had come and I had to put on a show for her .
tr	I	It was too late , but I cried , turning to stop him .
tr	O	They collapsed together upon the stony ground and the Master of Bones fell to dust .
tr	O	Some people loved a good fight , but she wasn 't one of them .
tr	O	It still burned steadily and there were no calls of alarm .
tr	O	As the line was secured their ship 's motion came to a halt , and they began gently swinging on the hook .
tr	I	Some punishment was needed , even if only to show the general , but Mark was sorry for him .
tr	O	Katya loved life on the high wire and it showed in the kind of glow on her face .
tr	O	I have the fake ID my sister gave me but I 'm terrified to use it .
tr	O	The explosion of pain instantly crippled me , and I dropped to the floor -- now nothing more than a dead weight .
tr	O	I have been a pretty shitty godparent , but what do I know about God .
tr	I	Then my life would be back in order , and I would find some other way to figure out what had happened to me .
tr	O	Thunder roared over the rooftop , and everyone offered prayers of thanks .
tr	I	I haven 't even started writing it and he 's going to want this article .
tr	I	I didn 't feel anything but Cora was scared for me .
tr	I	I think you should take things easy , and you 're recovering from a head trauma .
tr	O	Said Alonso , who was glad for it , but he kept a serious face .
tr	I	It was nothing , but it seemed like a lot of information lying on the table .
tr	I	Franz followed , and Ada marched up the wide sweeping staircase with the two suitcases .
tr	I	They 're not stupid , but they may play nice .
tr	O	Her face softened and she nodded , walking back toward the living room .
tr	O	I thought it was going to be a relatively small event , and I can only think of a few people who wouldn 't already be there .
tr	O	You asked me to find the fourteenth man for your expedition , and I chose Mr. Baggins .
tr	I	The swelling made it hard for you to breathe , but you aren 't disfigured .
tr	O	Another head opened up and a voice was heard from the largest plant .
tr	I	She gripped his waist harder in response and a wash of sensation rushed over her .
tr	O	A frown slowly formed , and her eyebrows pinched together .
tr	O	She jolted forward and the car swerved , the tires letting out a shriek as they locked up on the salt .
tr	I	I feared my mother 's wrath like nothing else , but I may have been sixteen .
tr	I	I really tried , and I wanted to want to be with him .
tr	I	We swarmed towards it like ants and the carrier seemed to represent a beacon of safety .
tr	O	He was a prince , and she only a commoner .
tr	I	I couldn 't but I wanted to look away .
tr	O	The waiter asked them about wine and Ben ordered a bottle , without hesitation .
tr	I	The idea is vaguely comforting , but I can 't say why .
tr	O	Hawk said nothing for a moment , and Pia gave him a tentative smile .
tr	O	I know many of the refugees are reluctant to venture into the dead zones , but that can 't continue .
tr	O	She tilted her face up and her smile was absolutely radiant .
tr	O	His gaze cut to Kincaid , but he didn 't respond to Owen 's question .
tr	O	He would never force a woman to marry him against her will , but he did feel as though he was being brushed aside too easily .
tr	I	I grinned back at her , and Lucky smiled at me apologetically .
tr	O	They had come looking for battle , and I 'd wasted their time .
tr	O	I swear that all eyes in the room are upon me , and the remarks made in mostly French aren 't too kind either .
tr	I	Her voice was a thin , wavering thread of sound , but she unglued her tongue from the roof of her mouth .
tr	I	He still wasn 't giving in completely , but the little guy didn 't protest as he had the day before .
tr	I	Kelly was miles away , but Chapter 16 The Bowling family all went to church on Sunday .
tr	O	As soon as I saw the flames I knew I 'd made a huge mistake by reentering the house , and it was hard not to panic .
tr	I	Julie swiftly realized that she was still in the cabin , and he led her up the steps .
tr	O	My voice came out forced , too high , and I blushed , feeling like our betrayal was written all over my face .
tr	I	I knew her eyebrows were sky high from the tone of voice , but I wasn 't looking at her .
tr	I	Tears burned in my eyes , and a smile tugged at the edge of my lips .
tr	I	She doubled over and Pain laced through her arm .
tr	I	Brant didn 't waiver in his stare but Luke gave his father a mutant look .
tr	O	She was sitting on the bed , and I stopped in the doorway .
tr	O	Her eyes were covered by big gladiators and she had a hard time standing in the same spot without stumbling .
tr	I	Glowing rivers of magma flowed down the mountainside and the sky had darkened .
tr	I	Her hand shot beneath her pack , and Collins ' eyes opened at once .
tr	I	It burned against her instantly , but jumping out of the vehicle , she tried to ignore the flaring heat of the sun .
tr	I	She vowed never to do it again , and this was her first time riding without a seat belt .
tr	O	Viktor meant the attack to have force , but Romulus was unruffled .
tr	O	They have demanded Ricky to let them enter the bunker but Ricky refused .
tr	O	They are not ugly exactly , but they are made of stone .
tr	I	We headed out the door and I slipped on my sneakers .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I knew I was whining .
tr	O	My dad was being an ass and I had to stay longer than I 'd anticipated .
tr	I	His attention was suddenly riveted to the television set , but she looked up to say thank you to Mitchell .
tr	I	She noticed the hand the woman pressed to her breast , but Rose saw the mother clucking her tongue .
tr	I	Her voice turned fierce , and she clenched his hand hard .
tr	O	I 'd been feeling tired too , but his words jolted me to alertness .
tr	I	I didn 't pay attention to it , but the queasiness came back .
tr	I	He thought about the world 's ending and his pace slowed .
tr	I	There weren 't any windows , and there were a few boxes piled in the far corner .
tr	O	I have to admit , if you 're having a total freak-out it doesn 't do squat , but the placebo effect was always worth pursuing .
tr	O	I bring the coffee up to my mouth but before I take a sip , Dr. Bradshaw walks in .
tr	I	She slumped to the floor , and Julie had no more words .
tr	O	His words keep echoing around in my head , and I can 't make them go away .
tr	I	Now I can 't leave Jim here , not now that we 're so close , but I had to get you out first .
tr	I	I go on , and his shoulders tense .
tr	O	The guy works his hands up my shirt , and I don 't even care .
tr	I	He looked at me and his eyes focused again .
tr	I	She saw him , and they came up .
tr	I	She nodded and I looked at Lola to check .
tr	O	I tried to find the words but my brain failed me .
tr	I	They didn 't follow the order of the immortals , not in any sense and they 'd always been strange .
tr	O	They were beautiful , or at least she thought they were beautiful together .
tr	I	The woman groaned , the fight going out of her , and Cassidy knocked the female 's head on the stone floor .
tr	I	A few of his favorites were still scattered around the floor , but he had managed to get most of them into the container .
tr	O	It was the way of the world and no amount of argument would change that .
tr	O	I agreed with her friends , but I didn 't say anything .
tr	O	Woods stood up , and everyone followed suit .
tr	O	I don 't want to kill him , but he could survive the burn I gave him .
tr	I	Johnny Barnes stepped out and the door bumped open .
tr	I	At the same time it felt beautiful and it hurt .
tr	I	He 'd really rather spend time with Sam , but the truth was , Mortimer felt like he should be working .
tr	I	We 'd only been together a few minutes , and my sister was starting to get to me .
tr	I	He fought hard to ensure it continued , and the status quo served his needs mightily .
tr	O	When Scarlett awoke , she no longer felt drowsy , but instead , she felt brand new .
tr	I	His cheeks blushed and she teased him .
tr	I	If you have any questions , feel free to give me a call and I 'll just leave this with you .
tr	O	It 's a lotta work , and a lot can go wrong .
tr	I	He never let his eyes off the cityscape , but Lyssa looked up at him .
tr	I	He finally confirmed with a nod , but he was slow in giving it .
tr	O	Andra yearned to explain herself to him , but there wasn 't time .
tr	I	As they left , the attendant handed them a pair of sunglasses with a warm smile , and Fintan saw other children on board .
tr	O	He felt the energy of light beaming inside him and he could barely contain his angst .
tr	I	It was dizzying , and I was immediately feeling everything he was feeling .
tr	O	The last light has long since left the sky , and I can tell it is late .
tr	I	Both attacked at once : one high , one low , and her opponents had recovered .
tr	O	Her fingers tugged through my hair , stroking repeatedly , and my body slowly started calming down .
tr	I	When my gaze was caught by his , I suddenly couldn 't breathe again , and he was looking at me strangely .
tr	I	Shane couldn 't wait any longer and Privacy was now theirs .
tr	O	It felt weird being there with Cy instead of Benji , but Gigi 's was the only restaurant open on Thanksgiving .
tr	I	Then I didn 't deserve that , but he wasn 't making this easy .
tr	I	I was not but Momma seemed in OK spirits .
tr	O	Gregor was a member of The Council and with Gregor 's alliance he could assist with making Leah safe .
tr	O	Melanie climbed in first and he slid into the hot water after her .
tr	O	Being here is like traveling through time and it hurts to know that the man who showed me that life can be good is dying .
tr	I	She was sad about leaving the cottage , but Jain was excited about the trip .
tr	O	Even the orchestra put aside their instruments and the noise of the celebration died away .
tr	O	A whimper caught my attention , and I opened my eyes again .
tr	I	I still thought she should have kept silent , but I softened a bit when I saw how upset she was over it .
tr	I	He wasn 't surprised , but there was definitely something wrong with that .
tr	O	I tried to look at him , to tell him I was okay , but the man wouldn 't release my hair .
tr	O	Leaving him here with such little food and such little hope just seems wrong .
tr	O	I have imagined my first kiss hundreds of times , and that wasn 't it .
tr	O	Steaming water blossomed from the overhead spigot , and she stood beneath the spray , letting the events of the last few days wash away .
tr	I	I walked away , but diggs tried to take my hand .
tr	I	The words barely registered but he talked into her silence .
tr	I	Eventually it grew up , but it took a while .
tr	I	Her fingers knotted in his thick dark hair as she lost herself in the kiss and Tammy took in a deep breath .
tr	O	They do not accept the resurrection , however , or many of the miracles attributed to later followers .
tr	O	A bondage bar appeared on the red satin beside her and a tremor ran through her at the sight of it .
tr	O	Tate 's eyes widened at the mention of his name , and he raised his chin in greeting .
tr	I	She would go with her son to the rink at the slightest opportunity and Natalie 's love affair with figure skating stayed with her into her adulthood .
tr	O	The market building itself was typical of large Victorian buildings , but it was complimented by a clock tower built the following year in 1864 .
tr	I	I turned , and Fade 's desperate voice followed me .
tr	O	A rock had formed on top of my chest and I closed my eyes , trying to make it go away .
tr	I	I must say that I am genuinely looking forward to it , and well , she invited me out for a drink tonight .
tr	O	The Program didn 't work out for Zoey and she should 've gone home .
tr	I	I immediately felt refreshed as I drank it , and it tasted better than the most expensive champagne .
tr	I	Others quite fiercely anti-establishment and some were just daft .
tr	I	She just nodded and her cheeks were a cute shade of red .
tr	I	I turned to him with intense relief and Rigel 's voice came from behind me .
tr	I	Will waited patiently in the doorway , and it took only a few moments .
tr	I	The King sat down and Eben nodded .
tr	I	The sunlight is difficult to endure , and the night is ours .
tr	O	Let 's assume there 's a giant shopping mall with the best products at the lowest prices , but it is in the middle of nowhere .
tr	I	The robots prize it very highly and it 's a very famous ring .
tr	O	The Prince came to see me several times , and he did stay with me for a long while .
tr	O	Trajan rises from the bed and absently I move to the side to let him walk past .
tr	O	Some words were said by the doctor and examinations were made .
tr	O	His words froze me and my glow immediately died .
tr	I	He sets his box down , approaching me cautiously , staring into my eyes and Adrian is alarmed .
tr	O	Normally , the man would cut himself , but that wasn 't going to happen here .
tr	O	He was okay at Ricky 's , but he couldn 't stay there forever .
tr	I	A woman , probably in her forties , came out smiling , and we were just nearing the house when the door swung open .
tr	O	Tristen 's bright slate eyes enlivened , and he slapped his knees in jest .
tr	I	I think it might just be her , but she says it 's the shampoo she uses .
tr	O	My toe hits a jutting rock , and cold pain streaks up my spine .
tr	I	She continued to stare at the objects before her and she heard the door close behind him .
tr	O	I don 't know what 's happening , but we need help .
tr	O	I hadn 't thought about Matthias for years , but now he was all I could think about .
tr	I	We 've never been invited before , but Father knows him , of course .
tr	O	Holding out his hand , the door opened , and it swung aside .
tr	I	They tell me I don 't understand , but I tell them it 'll lead to a crash .
tr	O	She stood and she could not see him .
tr	I	I can 't speak and my tongue is tied .
tr	I	You woke up , so I walked your way , but I wasn 't going to bother you at first .
tr	O	I talk to killers all the time , but I never dwell on them like this .
tr	O	Absolute silence greeted this statement , and Rafe began to feel rather ill used .
tr	I	His eyes shimmered with something I couldn 't pinpoint , and his face was as hard as stone .
tr	O	The cave walls could crumble around them , and she was relatively certain she 'd never even notice .
tr	O	A weird feeling built up at the back of my throat , and I remembered my conversation with Dorian .
tr	O	Her father had disappeared and that was enough of an excuse for her to take time off work .
tr	I	My stomach reeled , ready to throw up everything , and a horrifying feeling smothered me .
tr	O	The voice was unfamiliar , but it didn 't matter .
tr	O	Something about the man suddenly brought Fitzwilliam to her mind , but it was a ridiculous thought .
tr	I	Elvira didn 't think so , but perhaps we made a mistake .
tr	O	I help him take my pants off and he pins me again under his weight .
tr	O	I could use respectable terminology when I was dealing with Jamie , but right now , it was the first thing that came to mind .
tr	I	It involved Drake 's daughter , and trouble was brewing in Romania .
tr	I	She didn 't try to fight me , but her body trembled .
tr	I	No one seemed to notice his presence and he could walk to the grocery store .
tr	I	This is the craziest house I 've ever been in , but my eyes are still watering .
tr	I	This was the motivation for her curious statement but she elected not to share this with Rei .
tr	O	It 's that my old friend is in some serious denial , and he only wishes it was a damn river in Egypt .
tr	I	That doesn 't mean I agree , but I understand .
tr	I	The heat seemed particularly blistering this year , but it was almost August , which was often the hottest month in Ashland .
tr	I	I didn 't see the point in pushing the subject , but the way he looked made me think he wasn 't being entirely truthful .
tr	I	It didn 't matter , but my shrieked words were incoherent .
tr	O	Christopher tried to undo the top button on her blouse , but the tiny buttons wouldn 't cooperate with his large hands .
tr	I	What choice did he have ; but it was a terrible way to raise a family , a terrible way to live ?
tr	O	It took me a minute to process the information and I guess I did little to hide the shock on my face .
tr	O	She had her family , and there wasn 't time for her to be more than a friend to him .
tr	I	Couples strolled hand in hand , savoring the balmy Indian summer night and skaters rolled by .
tr	I	He was silently begging me to help , and he believed in me .
tr	I	You gave me love , and I gave you my heart .
tr	O	The walls were painted the Tiffany Blue color and Rachel was in awe of the beautiful diamonds that filled each case .
tr	I	He hadn 't even touched my lips , and my heartbeat quickened as his mouth grew more heated .
tr	O	Jarrod had returned to Colorado and we put it behind us .
tr	O	She cared nothing about herself , but Nicolae was everything to her .
tr	I	Maybe I should be pushing her away even harder , but my dad kept insisting I stop pushing her away .
tr	O	Matthew had only known me a short time but he knew me well enough to realize I was not murderous .
tr	I	He wasn 't going to let them be treated the same , and they weren 't the same .
tr	O	We walk until we hit the wall of pine trees , and we 're presented with a labyrinth of overgrown trunks .
tr	I	I was forced to think of options , and she was as terrified as we were .
tr	I	She felt that soft touch through her entire body , but his thumb brushed over her pulse , the movement so light .
tr	I	Then , quite unexpectedly , he smiled , and Prince Daniel looked at her for a moment .
tr	O	The lights were off , but the television was on .
tr	I	I would never have to see him again and maybe he felt bad about what he had done .
tr	I	The pain afterward reminds us that life is better when a person is in control , but Pleasure can be great .
tr	I	I manage to blink once and my eyes widen .
tr	O	Obviously she knew her way around , or perhaps she was using one of the gardens .
tr	O	His eyes meet mine and he goes very still .
tr	I	Richard relinquished the pendant and Victory was his .
tr	I	I will be leaving soon , but I am stranded here on Earth .
tr	O	The sun was setting and streetlights were kicking on .
tr	I	All looked toward the source of the voice , and the accusation brought Gabriel to silence for a moment .
tr	I	I could see she was looking at the ground , and then she hesitated .
tr	O	Ellen 's asleep and I 'm exhausted .
tr	O	Maybe she was an adrenaline junkie and I was her new fix ?
tr	I	It can only be bad news , but I don 't know what 's happening .
tr	I	We 'll talk about the future , and you 'll meet our people , learn about our company .
tr	O	They are truly mesmerized but I still think he looks out of place .
tr	O	Cowboy slowed his chase , and I , too , slowed my pursuit .
tr	I	She was only eating to be polite , but she toyed with another piece of salad .
tr	I	I 'd never even heard of roux , and peeling prawns was a mystery to me .
tr	O	Let 's skip the small talk and I 'll just spit it out .
tr	I	Suddenly his face was pink again , and he caught my eye on him .
tr	I	Bree didn 't like rules but Travel between the two had been restricted .
tr	I	Elise is awake , sitting close to April , who has carefully braided her hair , but in the cabin , Henry is still asleep .
tr	I	She 's definitely reticent about sharing her motives , but she doesn 't actually deny any of it .
tr	I	She barely managed to swallow it and Emotion swelled in Kylie 's throat .
tr	O	Bernard turned to her to accept it , and she heard the smile in his voice .
tr	O	She was ready to feel pleasure , and he was holding back .
tr	O	The pain was nearly blinding in its intensity , and again he couldn 't breathe .
tr	I	Then he heard a scream , and once again Edwin was left debating whether to follow .
tr	I	It wasn 't the waterfall , and I now had a new happy place .
tr	I	She was too nervous to pull it off , but answering the door , she tried to smile .
tr	O	The heavy wooden door creaked as it opened and Jackson sprang to his feet .
tr	I	She felt breathless under their powerful scrutiny and his eyes seemed to devour her .
tr	O	Leah 's always been like a sister to me and she loves my daughter like an aunt .
tr	I	His body was limp and his eyes were shut .
tr	I	David told the House , and he told David first .
tr	I	I just inserted myself into the line when my first chance came , and the crowd started a line from Rosie .
tr	I	They sat embracing for some time and Liz pulled him close .
tr	O	She lifted a hand to her neck , but there were no bite marks , at least none she could feel .
tr	O	I screamed and he said .
tr	I	Victor held up his hand , but the Russian opened his mouth , an objection boiling on the tip of his tongue .
tr	O	You can 't trust me , now , but I hope that changes .
tr	O	He closed his eyes , taking precious seconds to try to force the pain back into something manageable , but it only continued to spread .
tr	I	Instantly they were both quiet , and the door opened .
tr	O	It really hurts and the pain doesn 't go away .
tr	I	The economy plunged down and the civilians were attacked .
tr	O	I was wearing an oversized chambray shirt over a pair of leggings and I hadn 't bothered to button it all the way to the top .
tr	O	Anger bubbles through me and I shove him .
tr	I	We have to make it fast , and we have to make a decision .
tr	O	Mercer had lost his chance at love , but he 'd make sure that his daughter had her happiness .
tr	I	I stood up , and Robin 's face went white like someone stole his blood .
tr	I	We made them work , but they were mushy .
tr	O	I follow her inside and we 're soon standing in what looks like the center of a touristy voodoo gift shop .
tr	O	I was alarmed by this , but I had to remember she was speaking about a time much different from ours .
tr	I	A great deal had happened since and already it seemed an age ago .
tr	I	Fal laughed , and she winked at him .
tr	O	I was still trying and it wasn 't coming easily .
tr	I	It was still going fast , but the plane slowed down more .
tr	O	We were supposed to leave with no food , no water , but unlike the others , Twist hadn 't been so cruel .
tr	O	Vine etchings interlaced the silver handle and several gems were set into it .
tr	I	I think these ideas have evolved over centuries but these aren 't straightforward references from the bible .
tr	O	I could feel the stickiness of the residual ice cream between our bodies , and I found it incredibly carnal .
tr	O	Heather had forced them to come clean about my parents and they weren 't prepared for that , at the time .
tr	O	They leave me and that 's it .
tr	O	She 'd engineered this feat , and she had the right to tease him .
tr	O	I go back to focusing on my enemy and as I hold her slippery form , she oozes through my grip toward freedom .
tr	I	She was waiting along with Mikhail to greet Rhiannon 's daughters and Francesca had already been alerted .
tr	I	One of her legs hooked over the other as she continued to lean further into the counter , and she had killer black stilettos on .
tr	I	Katie swung around with a look of apology on her face , and Aunt Marilyn cleared her throat expectantly .
tr	I	I bet that nobody know who I am but the funny thing was he thought , their cheering me .
tr	O	He couldn 't make out what she was saying , but he could tell she was pleading with someone .
tr	O	I didn 't know , but I liked it .
tr	O	Her face was flushed and her eyes were stormy .
tr	I	She becomes aware that something is behind her , and the feeling of imminent danger creeps over her .
tr	O	The two other bikes took off down the drive , and Dean kept his hand outstretched .
tr	I	At least she didn 't glare , but Rosalie didn 't smile .
tr	O	Hoppy 's shoulders jerked upward and he exhaled mightily .
tr	O	She 'd never slept with another man and he definitely wasn 't going to be the first !
tr	O	When I first met you , I 'd have sworn it was your body , but no , I changed my mind .
tr	I	Both the ladies have got night vision built in , and you know about mines .
tr	I	She leads us upstairs to the loft and we follow her back to the house .
tr	O	All the exits were locked on the outside , and metal bars had been welded across the windows .
tr	I	He heard the unspoken , So have you , and she shot back .
tr	I	I have a wave board at home , not that Mother likes me to use it and I 've done snowboarding .
tr	I	Seth could not get out either , but sure , the zombie man could not get in .
tr	O	The clouds dissipated , and the darkness lifted .
tr	I	They all turned to look in that direction , and there was a shout from down the slope .
tr	I	I ordered McAllister to spread the word about what really happened to Blanco , and they know you were here when everything went down .
tr	I	The doors opened and a chime sounded .
tr	O	I always tried to call out for someone to catch me , but no one ever answered .
tr	O	Her hands slid down over the front of his shirt , and she felt the firm muscle beneath , heating the cotton .
tr	O	Not that I needed another affirmation , but Jude had indeed found his calling in life .
tr	I	It was pretty harsh if the man 's hand was any indication and there had obviously been violence .
tr	O	I went to junior high one day , and one of the guys was teasing me .
tr	O	He had no intention of asking Charlotte Weston out on a date , but he he did feel sorry for Carrie .
tr	I	I cast you out during a much darker time for this family and you 've always been there for my son .
tr	I	He 'd still tracked down a signed Cubs baseball to replace one I 'd lost , but he wasn 't much of a fan .
tr	I	He called the Bureau to let them know that Bobby had you , and I guess Mr. Paxton 's guilt got the better of him .
tr	O	The streams now run west , and there are more of them .
tr	I	His handsome features were marred by sorrow , but Darius smiled .
tr	O	We 've taken a few more steps and now we 're standing by another container .
tr	O	He flung flaming ball toward the closest man , and instantly he turned into a column of fire .
tr	O	He would have stood out from the melee on sheer presence , but unmoving amid the frenetic swarm of visitors , he riveted me .
tr	O	I sat on George 's favorite chair and he sat on my lap so he could be close to it .
tr	O	He could evade the snake for a long while , but without intervention the aggressive serpent would eventually strike him .
tr	I	The smile froze on her face and obviously surprised , her eyes widened .
tr	O	We pulled into the gravel driveway , and I fumbled for the apartment key .
tr	O	Bickel growled , but Flattery 's words destroyed his anger , made him feel defeated .
tr	O	In the end Monday came , and work reared its head again .
tr	I	It wasn 't Jason 's place to argue with him , and he suspected treachery against his father .
tr	O	Terrance tried to jerk his leg free , but the Flannel Man didn 't let go .
tr	I	In another five minutes she would be free and the posts were loose .
tr	O	He screamed as he realized he was burning , and he struggled to get away from his father .
tr	I	Nothing about my situation would ever change again and once I stopped , it was game over .
tr	I	The program helps people work together , but it 's kind of a long story .
tr	O	A few little storms had come close , but not a drop had landed within their walls .
tr	O	She realized she 'd missed him even more than she had imagined and to see him again was beyond wonderful .
tr	I	He followed me , keeping his nose just a little above my skin , but I backed up .
tr	I	Her body seemed to melt at my touch and her lips yielded .
tr	I	When she was comfortable , he finally took his own seat , and he pulled out her chair , gesturing for her to sit .
tr	O	She opened her eyes slightly , but they didn 't want to , so they closed again .
tr	I	The pleasure Tony had already brought her made surrendering a temptation Sarah didn 't even try to resist , but another woman might have resisted the idea .
tr	I	We need you , but I 'm sorry .
tr	I	The power was amazing , but it didn 't hurt .
tr	I	Tris smacks her back , and Christina smacks her arm .
tr	I	I know I can get her in the mood , but I know she isn 't interested in sleeping me .
tr	O	His body was still for a split second and I held my breath as I waited for him to move .
tr	O	Her delicate brows furrowed and she shook her head a little .
tr	O	He could feel the fetid edges of it trying to creep out , but this wasn 't the first time he 'd done something like this .
tr	I	She hated driving in the snow , but she may do it every year .
tr	I	I feel horrible for even acting like it could be worth nothing , and a flashback of my grandmother giving it to me washes over me .
tr	O	All the emotions I was feeling clogged up my throat , making it hard to talk , but I forced out the words .
tr	O	His hair was shorter than she 'd realized before , but then he 'd worn his hood most of the time .
tr	O	I 'd only need the pressure of your hand pressed between my legs and I 'd be screaming with pleasure .
tr	I	I 've been in pain ever since and I slid into first base last week .
tr	I	He nearly broke , and she chuckled .
tr	I	She hated her youthful inexperience , and every instinct she possessed told her that the duke was a highly complex man .
tr	I	My good mood lasts until we reach the middle of the lobby , and I 'm still laughing when we get out of the elevator car .
tr	I	That heaven was not meant for the likes of us , and they made us feel we were unworthy sinners .
tr	I	Now he had decided that he wasn 't waiting any longer , and he had held back only for some reason of his own .
tr	O	The jabs stopped , and the sticks fell to the ground .
tr	O	One large hand looped about her wrists and he pulled them slowly over her head , alert for any sign of discomfort .
tr	O	A small patch of clothing was left from the fire , and I recognized it .
tr	I	At least he felt loyal enough not to cheat , unlike Ava , or Nicholas presumably loved her .
tr	I	He certainly had seen a lot , but as he looked at the clothes he realized that Sir may not have seen all of Henry 's future .
tr	O	No sign of Mom 's car , but that could be in the garage .
tr	I	She couldn 't help giggling either , but Carey tried her best to hold it back .
tr	I	He mechanically lowered himself into a molded plastic chair , and the waiting room was deserted .
tr	O	I kept wanting to tug at it , but I didn 't want anyone to recognize me .
tr	I	I 'm pretty sure I can 't stay out all night , but it 's not your responsibility .
tr	I	I really hated it that Jake could get me into such a state and I was not a nervous person by nature .
tr	I	I knew in any case I would explode and my patience had almost reached its edge .
tr	O	Chapter Fifteen Sustenance Dessert sat uneaten on most of our plates , and everyone politely refused coffee .
tr	I	Emerging nocturnal sounds were magnified in the silence and there was a noticeable pause .
tr	I	I did not meet his eyes , but I sat down across from Blake .
tr	I	I changed in the bathroom and she tossed them to me .
tr	O	I knew I should leave , that I should keep my distance , but something inside me was restless .
tr	O	A sudden , itchy feeling came over him , and he began scratching frantically at his goalie pads .
tr	O	I felt him take a deep breath , and his hand flattened against the small of my back .
tr	I	That didn 't mean he had a right to hurt my girl , but the fucker had a pretty sound reason for going off the deep end .
tr	O	Gretel wanted to protest , but she knew hunger for too long to turn away an offer of food .
tr	O	It was a close call , but Will drove two runs in during the eighth , edging us ahead .
tr	I	He had the cutest cleft in his chin , and his eyes were deep green , sort of hooded .
tr	I	A loaf of bread sat between them , and some kind of soup steamed in the bowls .
tr	O	I swiveled my head to look at him , and the calm in his gray-green eyes soothed me .
tr	I	It could not be discerned from the base of the structure but I knew the cap was there from walking towards the tower .
tr	O	The smell of cooking meat wafted through the air , and even though we had just finished a satisfying gourmet meal , my stomach rumbled .
tr	O	She was crying and her voice held a low hush , clearly trying to remain invisible to someone at her end .
tr	O	He could leave her here on the floor , but something inside of him rebelled at that idea .
tr	I	He 'd made it available to all his employees , and he 'd had a full gym installed on the top floor of the Cogent Building .
tr	I	The mission will be an epic fail and I know if I miss this train I 'll be stuck .
tr	I	They didn 't make anything , and breeders didn 't go anywhere .
tr	I	He was actually repulsed by the old man , but he was ashamed of himself for the feeling of revulsion .
tr	O	There was a small plastic doorbell to the right of the front door and Nightingale pressed it .
tr	O	He sat back down and the light moved closer .
tr	O	Barak 's eyes brightened noticeably , and he started toward the door .
tr	O	He must have been a terror , and yet , his lady loved him .
tr	I	She nodded with enthusiasm and her desperate brain turned the word dessert into a kiss .
tr	I	His caress is quickly withdrawn in favour of adjusting the fly thermostat , but I reach to take his hand in mine .
tr	I	He 's still holding my hand and he 's kneeling next to me .
tr	I	I hadn 't mentioned whose eyes they were , but I 'd told her my dream , that I 'd seen a wolf with human eyes .
tr	I	When we were seated , I contemplated my next move and I ordered cups of coffee .
tr	O	Something about them rang true and she nodded .
tr	I	He has not the mood to talk to me either but he might not be really mad at me .
tr	O	I open my eyes to see if he 's joking , but he 's frowning down at the rabbit he 's skinning .
tr	I	You solved it in 15 seconds and your solution to this problem is brilliant .
tr	O	What we were doing was going too fast , and he was free to sleep around .
tr	I	She was not here now , and he had not seen her since before his press conference .
tr	I	He would refuse , but Cutter intended to make Kendall cooperate , to share his knowledge .
tr	O	Geena 's face paled with shock as a red stream spread across her chest , and she fell to the floor .
tr	O	I started to say something , but then I saw Tallis wave at the horse .
tr	I	You know why and we 're not friends .
tr	O	he hisses , and I puts me hands down to me side .
tr	O	It 's not long , but you can begin training .
tr	I	Tonight seems like the perfect night to share it , but we came up with the plan about a week ago .
tr	O	It had taken me fighting back , but he had put me first in the end .
tr	I	I didn 't plan to ever take it off and I loved the way it felt around my neck .
tr	O	Everyone in the crowd turns at once , but the boy with the gun doesn 't stop aiming at George , like I 'd hoped .
tr	O	I stared silently at every one of them , hoping that I 'd find words to say , but I had none .
tr	I	It soon would be , but it wasn 't raining yet .
tr	I	I had cooked dinner together and it reminded me of the countless nights Sean .
tr	I	She recognized several places that had been there before she had moved , but many of the buildings were unfamiliar to her .
tr	I	He was forever getting in my way , and the donkey was a curious little beast .
tr	I	I licked her palm and she covered my mouth .
tr	I	I spun around with my arms held in a defensive position and a bang at the door jarred me back to reality .
tr	O	She bobbed her agreement , and her light dimmed .
tr	I	I just needed to show up and Anna just took over the preparations .
tr	I	The wind blew as Isaac hissed , and Thunder crashed overhead .
tr	O	Her age was difficult to guess , but she was certainly older than me .
tr	I	He spoke with the same air of disapproval , and there was still that glint of disappointment in his eyes .
tr	I	Sabin could not always stop it from inflicting doubts on others , and the demon couldn 't help itself .
tr	I	Her head tipped back as she began to move astride him and Verity 's fingers clamped onto his shoulders .
tr	O	She thought she 'd made a clean break , but inside , five pairs of eyes turned to look at Brett .
tr	O	She had known that he was away a great deal , of course , but she had not realized just how much .
tr	O	I left Panama City Beach not two hours ago , and I saw their pictures in the paper .
tr	O	He takes Skyla by the hand , and they take off behind the bushes .
tr	I	He was an only child and his parents had long since died .
tr	O	He hated it when people took advantage of me , and he hated it more when the person was a man .
tr	O	He may be getting older but he was still an intimidating man .
tr	O	As soon as our orders were put down on the table , we were alone again and Eli continued .
tr	O	She never spoke about leaving , and I didn 't ask her .
tr	I	At last I felt whole again , and instead I focused on his eyes .
tr	O	Last year seemed so long ago and I really hated remembering it anyway .
tr	O	The woman 's relief spilled over and Margaret shrieked again , whipping the men into a digging frenzy .
tr	O	He hadn 't said anything since he left my cell yesterday , but I was used to his silence .
tr	I	I followed , and Rivera stood .
tr	O	Jared looked around but nothing was happening .
tr	I	She couldn 't tell them that , but no one would .
tr	I	I watched her face light up before I took her smile away , and she laughed .
tr	I	Silent tears started down her cheeks and Delilah squeezed Boone 's hand again .
tr	I	I had to quiet her before I went on , and my wolf howled her delight again at hearing .
tr	I	I know that he 's going to be all right and his eyes open .
tr	O	The gray cloak was not a ceremonial garment , but rather was something thrown on for warmth .
tr	O	It was dark with the single bulb on and it was very cold .
tr	O	Of course , they had taken her flashlight , but she discovered the scrap of quilt in her pants pocket .
tr	I	I heard her say my name and her voice pushed through thick muffle .
tr	O	Ram horns twisted from the sides of its head and it had fangs of a snake .
tr	I	She giggled , squirming against me getting even closer and I nodded .
tr	I	Then he will disturb the house again at an even later hour , and I am afraid that he may come looking for you .
tr	O	The cars whizzed by , and Liam looked into the oncoming headlights , trying to figure out which cars would be involved .
tr	I	It was working , and his tone was light .
tr	I	He 's tied up at the emergency room and there was a fire at the high school .
tr	I	For a moment pride flickered in his eyes , and Brick looked up at her .
tr	O	He felt different but it feels good somehow .
tr	O	It wasn 't about making people do certain things , but to encourage them .
tr	O	Death might have taken a while to note our presence , but it 's moving swiftly to turn its imprisoned souls against us .
tr	I	It appears that he 's not much in their favor these days , but Llewellyn used to do the odd job for the Americans , too .
tr	I	The sweater she wore was untouched by the flames and the fire had spread to Cassie 's elbows , though it wasn 't burning her .
tr	O	He leaned toward her , too , and a grin slowly formed .
tr	O	He was also holding a boomerang , and it wasn 't one of those toy ones that came back .
tr	O	The bead curtain rattled again , and Madame Dorothea 's head appeared .
tr	I	I could hardly breathe and my vision was blurred .
tr	O	I shook my head and she turned to Hunter .
tr	O	Guilt tugged at her , but she ignored it .
tr	O	There was reproach in her voice , and Voss realized he 'd forgotten about the dead girl .
tr	I	He pulled away but I reached over to shake his hand .
tr	I	She stood and the cab pulled up .
tr	O	Linda served up some slices of pie , but neither of them was hungry .
tr	O	I leaned a they put bouquet of flowers on the heap of earth and I devoted me a pair of prayers .
tr	O	I couldn 't move , and I could scarcely breath .
tr	I	I like variety , but my parents pay for my contacts .
tr	O	She stiffened , and he stopped himself , lowering them again with a thoughtful expression on his face .
tr	I	Alexa wasn 't taking no for an answer , but with a disinterested sigh , Cara shook her head .
tr	O	Her hand went to her chest , but her gaze was still transfixed over my shoulder .
tr	O	Rick had a point , but I didn 't know how much help Mak could be .
tr	O	My admission was a huge revelation , and one I couldn 't fathom admitting at times .
tr	I	I needed the physicality of fighting , and maybe it was all the pent-up rage from being caged for so long .
tr	I	It was a relief when the bump of wheels on the tarmac heralded their arrival and the descent seemed to take forever .
tr	O	The land dreams in a false peace , and for a while all evil is withdrawn .
tr	I	He didn 't become angry but David felt pangs of jealously .
tr	I	There was an uncomfortable few minutes of silence broken only by the occasional outburst of hysterical laughter and the barman hastily called an ambulance .
tr	I	He moved toward it , and the display case caught his eyes .
tr	I	He looks ecstatic , and I swallow lightly .
tr	O	He said : But not all of them are the bad sort .
tr	I	The poorer ones climbed down from the roof , and the richer passengers got out of the coach .
tr	O	The bag was soft in my hand , and I could feel its contents shifting .
tr	I	I fail to find the humor in it , but several of the students laugh at this comment .
tr	I	As my car hammers back into the ground , I wait for that sound to shriek from right behind me and sirens scream into the night .
tr	O	She pushed me off and I feel to floor .
tr	O	A shiver slid over her , and Veronica glanced over at the other vehicle .
tr	I	He wouldn 't be able to do that without the added light , and Peter wanted to be able to see her .
tr	O	That 's Medium Dave and exhibit B is Banjo .
tr	O	He thought it would probably be just about everybody , but all he himself was worried about was getting back home .
tr	I	She found she did , but she didn 't want to need him .
tr	I	The mine security guys kept the peace and Sheriff Jones was on the hot seat as Pastor Greg tried to keep it civil .
tr	I	The ground was still sodden , but it hadn 't rained in days .
tr	I	That meant one of two things and Nicolas could no longer feel his presence .
tr	I	The eagle was nearer than ever and they were near the edge of the village now .
tr	O	A small , spring-loaded knife was my only available defense , and it wouldn 't offer much .
tr	O	I looked right at him and I couldn 't help smiling .
tr	I	I wouldn 't want to see you strain yourself unnecessarily , and don 't trouble yourself with it .
tr	I	Love is a fabulous thing and it means they love me .
tr	O	Her shoulders sagged and her exhaustion returned .
tr	I	I can tell it 's distracting me and there is something I need to ask her .
tr	I	It was too late , but Aria grabbed for Klaudia 's hand .
tr	I	Simon was wearing a bow tie , but Simon was in an identical black tux .
tr	O	Of course , he was not , but such was the impression he made .
tr	I	His head lowered and his gaze bore intently into hers .
tr	I	She desperately wanted some time alone with him , and she wanted out of this cramped vehicle .
tr	O	I was dead , and we both needed to know why .
tr	O	Maybe it 's an important call Lana was waiting for and he should take a message for her .
tr	O	My first thought was that she wanted to stab me with it , but when I looked into her eyes I saw a wild , disconnect spirit .
tr	I	Madeleine caught a glimpse of the lost boy beneath his polished masculinity , but he said it lightly .
tr	I	I shall reconsider and take me home .
tr	O	There was a brief scream of metal overhead and a windmill fan crashed down into the street .
tr	O	My door was flung open and a hand was shoved through .
tr	I	She felt so miserable , but Rachel wanted to continue .
tr	I	This time it was the scream of defeat , but it screamed again .
tr	O	He shoved her away , however , and she stumbled from the unexpected force .
tr	O	The guys I liked didn 't like me enough , and the guys who liked me enough weren 't really my type .
tr	O	Like he 'd never seen a female before , and Dawson was more than ready to introduce himself .
tr	I	Yet she 'd not felt anything , and when she withdrew her finger she saw the scald .
tr	O	She said the baby moved around all the time and it always made her have to go to the bathroom .
tr	I	Afterward , he 'd get some sleep , and someone would take care of it .
tr	I	He was sure he hadn 't taken a breath in about five minutes and his knees were still wobbling .
tr	I	Otherwise the rooftop patio was empty , but there was a couple making out .
tr	I	I haven 't got the vinegar for that anymore , but I did a fair amount of mischief in my younger days .
tr	I	It was a temporary distraction , but the rigorous exercise felt good .
tr	I	She reached over to hold my hand and her eyes were sad .
tr	O	Almost every moment is perfect with him and hopefully we 'll have a thousand more moments just like this .
tr	I	She turned to face him and he opened the car door .
tr	I	At least we knew it was safe to eat , but this pizza didn 't look half as good as the one Wendell had ordered for us .
tr	O	Inside the shelter was a sleeping bag on a piece of foam , and it was on this flying carpet that Stanley was transported to heaven .
tr	I	She 's still here , but he passed away four years ago in January .
tr	O	Languages were one of my specialties , and I 'd mastered this one years ago .
tr	O	She was with him , but he had no idea how much she 'd witnessed .
tr	O	Brenda rolls down her driver window and my mother leans across the seat .
tr	O	He could close his mental eyes , but his hearing he could not mute .
tr	I	She wanted more and a hum of strength flowed into her .
tr	O	She didn 't want to wake him , but she wanted to know what had happened .
tr	O	Tom waved an awkward goodbye , his conscience continually punching him in the chest , and memories of last night kicking him in the brain .
tr	I	The ground gave way and I was trying to fix a stake .
tr	I	Her stomach twisted slightly at the gruesome sight of their fallen bodies , and she glanced back toward the dead men .
tr	O	Chase 's body slid down hers , and his mouth pressed to her sex .
tr	I	You will save it and lose your life .
tr	O	Cheyenne could hardly believe it , but her sister had been out of rehab for three months .
tr	O	I walked in here and nobody ate me .
tr	I	It felt like my life was paused , but I had no idea what .
tr	O	Chimes signaled the end of class , and I turned to go , leaving him gaping .
tr	O	It was something he dearly wanted to tell his parents about , but he knew they would only ridicule him if he did .
tr	I	He moved his mouth to her breast and she kissed his head .
tr	O	Jackson was straining even more and I knew he was close .
tr	I	He was already halfway back to his delivery truck , but signing where the young man indicated , she started to thank him .
tr	O	He brought me to his chest and I smiled as I listened to his racing heart , closing my eyes .
tr	O	One ran up to us from my left , but Brock was too busy reloading the bazooka .
tr	O	I knew my mind had just found a safe , though delusional , way to deal with reality , but I would 've taken anything .
tr	I	He looked down at his spear , and she quickly winked at him .
tr	O	Jules looked hurt , but Maddy was the one who replied in her bluff , no-nonsense way .
tr	O	He had an extreme widow 's peak , and he was looking very suspiciously at Mac .
tr	O	He hadn 't hurt her , but it certainly looked like he was ready to introduce Shane to a whole world of pain .
tr	O	Gerhard was there , and his assistant Richards .
tr	O	I turned , and the quick motion made everything blur past me .
tr	O	I took it off and we followed .
tr	I	There wasn 't any response , but he then hammered on the closed front door .
tr	O	His last breath passes over his lips and his ruined body grows still .
tr	O	The pain was so intense , yet he couldn 't even cry out .
tr	I	They wouldn 't have had the ability to bind your powers , and the thing I don 't understand is your parents are elves .
tr	I	I will continue to send them to you until you pardon my abysmal behavior and you have my apologies .
tr	O	When the community first formed , there was no television , of course , and radio was only broadcasting thirty minutes a day , all news .
tr	O	Except as I stepped forward , he leaned toward her again , and she didn 't stop him .
tr	I	Then he was gone , and Laila nodded .
tr	O	A tease lifted her brow , and she smirked at me from where she tallied her checks for the day .
tr	I	Apparently she 'd set another one today to facilitate her escape and her crazy sister had set fire to The Wave last year .
tr	O	They got out in front of the News Shop , and here they were .
tr	I	Exposure would end us , and Game would be scarce .
tr	O	They looked about in fear of arrows , but the archers had been ordered not to fire , until after the king 's plans took place .
tr	O	We are standing at least ten feet apart but it doesn 't seem far enough for me .
tr	O	One did , and she squeezed the trigger .
tr	O	His legs no longer worked , and his body lay in an unnatural twist .
tr	I	She grips my arms tightly and Life pours into her expression .
tr	O	His hands were still on it , and I looked up , squinting at him in the darkness .
tr	I	The moment was lost , and he laughed .
tr	O	So far no sign of anything bigger than a hummingbird , but he knows the bigger animals will appear further ahead .
tr	O	She wanted to unwrap his hand , to see what Penrose had done to him , but he began to lever himself to his feet .
tr	O	Her eyes narrowed , and she stopped trembling .
tr	O	His eyes flared wide when he saw what they were and the Queen saw his shock before he could hide it .
tr	I	I 'd probably agree with anything right about now , but I nod curtly .
tr	O	I 'm almost just as upset with her now , but this time it 's because she won 't leave .
tr	I	Claire took a chair adjacent to us , and Jared sat beside me on the sofa .
tr	O	Soot stained her face , and she looked very young .
tr	I	Men didn 't maintain their military positions by letting themselves go soft , but Jesse might have been older .
tr	I	Soon we were off and I shifted into gear .
tr	I	I did , for one last stab at success , but I shouldn 't have come back at all .
tr	O	The bleak despair in his words chilled her and she squeezed his hand .
tr	I	Claire felt her heartbeat quicken and at last there were signs to the airport .
tr	O	Silence grasps the air as I take in his words , agreeing with him completely , but still my lips refuse to utter it aloud .
tr	O	I had asked it before , and I knew the answer would be the same .
tr	I	They knew what I could control , but maybe I couldn 't control them .
tr	I	She had doubts that she could , either , and a man certainly couldn 't get through there .
tr	O	I am useful and you are a user .
tr	O	Cameron rose abruptly from the bed , lifting her up with him , and the sheet fell away .
tr	I	Bobby puts it on the tree , and Daniel hands his son the star .
tr	O	Shortly after we got back from Indonesia , Suzanne had forwarded me his phone number , and I 'd almost called him a dozen times .
tr	O	Tom shrank into his chair but Calvin hadn 't finished .
tr	O	Fen says he can be out in the sun longer than he 's ever managed it , but he still burns if he stays too long .
tr	I	She blinked back tears and Moisture filled her eyes .
tr	I	I did nothing to dissuade him , but I knew my father hated Max .
tr	O	I jerked upright when the door opened and Travis sauntered inside , looking smug .
tr	O	The doctor 's voice wasn 't unkind , but her intense gaze made Autumn feel pinned .
tr	O	He certainly hadn 't bothered to call during the past four days , and they had been the longest four days of Verity 's life .
tr	I	She rolled to the floor just as one of Morgan 's men took a shot at her from the lower level , and I screamed .
tr	O	Simon was a nice enough man , and she found him to be a friendly , intelligent companion .
tr	O	She was working a lot lately , and I hadn 't seen her in a few days .
tr	O	Dancing was one of Toni 's passions , and when she got out on the dance floor , she forgot everything else .
tr	O	One of the two other assassins managed to duck underneath the swing , but his nearby partner wasn 't so fortunate .
tr	O	Even engaging in our relationship was a reckless thing , and some part of me needed to compensate by holding back on other aspects .
tr	I	Plunging with fear and * * * Lexi had spent the last twenty-four hours on an emotional roller coaster , rising with hope .
tr	I	The truth doesn 't exist , but they all know the truth .
tr	I	The curious foal would run up to check her out and after she 'd finished grooming Rocket Fuel , she 'd walk over to the fence .
tr	O	She did not want to be the object of Melissa 's prophecies , and she certainly did not want Devon to be a part of them .
tr	O	It wasn 't that he wasn 't intelligent , because he was , but he was completely guileless .
tr	O	It was snowing again , but this time it was large flakes that were gently floating from the sky , frolicking in gusts of gentle wind .
tr	O	I arranged for all of this because Gabriel left me for you , Emma , and it 's not fair .
tr	O	The walls were pale blue stucco , and a small area with bamboo furniture sat off to the left .
tr	I	His face grazed my cheek and I turned my head to one side .
tr	I	She hardly noticed , but an ambulance passed her , lights flashing , siren blaring .
tr	O	I don 't remember ever playing with matches as a kid , and phoenix children for some reason don 't have those powers .
tr	O	Other women would bid on Cliff and he 'd walk away with someone else on his arm .
tr	O	I walk over to lock the door behind him , and suddenly Elliott reappears in the doorway , alone .
tr	O	I look up at her out of my good eye , and she 's sitting up in the bed holding onto her head , scowling at me .
tr	O	Don 't look guilty ; look away or he 'll know what you were thinking .
tr	I	Transformation is a natural part of life , but you will be changed by the knowledge found here .
tr	O	Anger jumped out ahead of Lili and my head snapped back to her .
tr	O	I had you , and you 've always looked after me .
tr	I	There was a long , livid scar down the right cheek , and her face was pitted with smallpox scars .
tr	I	Her stare met Saul 's , but locking her jaw , she gave it to him .
tr	O	I smiled at that , but there was no true joy in it .
tr	O	The air around us was heavy with steam , and I drew it into my lungs , savouring the warmth as it flowed through me .
tr	I	We 're both smiling and his hands are on my belly .
tr	O	His eyes drifted closed and I saw him wince a little bit .
tr	O	Walsh didn 't know if he could believe that , but he held out hope it was true .
tr	I	He immediately moved in that direction , and Stone saw him , too .
tr	I	I took care of him when his brother got sick with cancer , and he took care of me when I needed a place to stay .
tr	I	She wasn 't about to worry about it now , but she had no idea what they wanted .
tr	I	Even though he knew he should wait , he couldn 't bring himself to wait , and she was his woman .
tr	I	It would support his body weight , and he knew the water was close by .
tr	I	They were the Way , and I was the Wayward .
tr	O	We could solve that problem when we came to it , and we hadn 't even reached the movie theater yet .
tr	I	The odd thing was he couldn 't remember leaving her apartment , but of course it was .
tr	O	His stride was twice as long as mine , and I found myself half jogging to keep up .
tr	I	That was never a good sign and the room behind us was silent .
tr	I	He wasn 't nearly as big as Clay remembered , and Age was taking its toll .
tr	I	I just happened to be there , and she needed something to hold onto .
tr	O	He 's a strange kid , but I couldn 't love him more .
tr	I	I ignored that , but her lips turned up into a subtle smirk .
tr	O	It helped me think , and running through crops meant to nourish people was one of my favorite places .
tr	I	I noticed the crinkled edge of a tiny white bag sticking out of his wallet , and his tablet rested next to his wallet .
tr	O	Winkler gave information on Congressman Howard over the phone and Mr. Michaels was pulling information up on his own computer .
tr	I	You owe me no duties , and we must part again soon .
tr	O	Apprehension filled me as Liana began slowing the vessel and we started rising .
tr	O	My fingers began to tremble , and I blinked quickly , chewing on my lip .
tr	I	She 'd slept through the night without waking once , but she hadn 't realized how exhausted she was .
tr	O	My lips curl to one side and I look behind me at Braden .
tr	I	He was - Pushing her into the elevator and holding her so tightly .
tr	O	Kay glanced at her mother , but Dorothy refused to meet her gaze .
tr	O	Her voice became a whisper on that one word , and he had to strain in order to hear her .
tr	O	The beaches were narrower and the cliffs looked steeper .
tr	O	She had forgotten what the house was like , or maybe she hadn 't noticed when she 'd first arrived because she 'd been too grief stricken .
tr	O	He held his hand out , which still had the ring on it , and she slid hers into it after a moment 's hesitation .
tr	O	William had never said it outright , but I knew this was intended to be our home one day .
tr	I	I tucked them between my knees , and I realized my hands had begun to shake .
tr	I	The pain had begun to subside and she 'd been off her feet for a few hours .
tr	I	He stiffened and Smith 's face turned red .
tr	I	He smiled and his eyes flicked over me .
tr	O	They cleaned away their mess , and he put the spices away .
tr	I	There was no wound there , but Blood still marred his skin .
tr	I	One person with a grudge had ruined it in the space of a morning , and Misty had labored so hard for this business .
tr	O	The metal felt warm against my skin , and I wondered if it was my imagination .
tr	O	Especially with the drugs making her exhausted and the pain wearing her out .
tr	O	She took a bad step , almost stumbled , and for a moment the surface felt alarmingly wet .
tr	I	We didn 't see a single pair of headlights pass in our direction , and the road stretched on into infinity .
tr	O	My panties were completely wet , and it was no laughing matter .
tr	I	It did help you , but yes , you did .
tr	O	They make crappy knock offs , but he doesn 't want crap .
tr	I	She forced her eyes to stay open , but Lethargy pulled at Sabine 's body .
tr	O	Maybe she was just matter , and matter gets recycled .
tr	O	A patriot dies for his country and a hero makes it out alive .
tr	O	Jenna had turned into some monster and Tammy didn 't need friends like that .
tr	I	Antonia knew exactly what she was saying , but she answered in a mysterious mixture of meaningless noises .
tr	I	Seeing that there were no other cabs in sight , she gave in , but she glanced around .
tr	I	Throughout it , the pack started to lose the scent of fear , but the pain lasted a long time .
tr	O	He bats his eyes at me and he still looks tired .
tr	I	Sure enough , she came through the front door several minutes later and he waited .
tr	I	It seems to be pretty consistent and I 've asked them not to give me any cases you 've worked on .
tr	O	Destiny went to the ornate double doors , but this time they weren 't locked .
tr	I	Conversational hum buzzed and he walked away .
tr	I	He had inherited a lot of money when his parents passed away and he was an only child .
tr	I	He glared at her and Bastian 's lips tightened .
tr	I	A spine of red light rose up from her palm , taking shape like a dagger , and she put her left hand behind her back .
tr	I	The door they had entered through was tucked in the corner , and there were ornate doors at either side of the room .
tr	O	Lisa wrote a column for a national magazine and Sherry worked in IT for the same magazine .
tr	O	Not only did they need to rescue Lucy but they needed to escape the country .
tr	O	Her words made no sense to Rafe and it was a moment before he answered .
tr	I	We 're going over to Nate 's , but I know you guys just got here .
tr	O	I squealed as I pulled away from him and he laughed .
tr	O	Emma 's pulse began to slow , and her shoulders slowly fell from their crunched position by her ears .
tr	O	The sun has been down for some time , but the Italians use another definition for night .
tr	I	Within moments they were free and with a deafening roar it began to rend at the thick growth restraining them .
tr	O	She still wanted not to believe it , but she had a terrible sinking feeling .
tr	I	If you go to them they cannot run away , and they will not come to you .
tr	I	We won 't rest until we find her , but we don 't know her present location .
tr	I	She suspected it would take a few years , but Corrie looked forward to it .
tr	I	The price was more than she 'd been willing to pay , but Alison had badly wanted that silk .
tr	I	There were certain similarities otherwise that were hard to overlook , but Samuel was fully a head taller than the other man .
tr	I	He told me he 'd handle it himself , but I offered to look into it .
tr	O	Her hands twisted nervously in front of her , and he could tell her unease had just shot through the roof .
tr	O	Josh marched off toward the bathroom and I turned to Adam .
tr	O	Her belly ached and her muscles trembled .
tr	I	What showed outside was rolling landscape , not city , but in this one , Hart was standing at a wide window .
tr	I	She refused to supply a buffet , and those things acted like a dinner bell for demons .
tr	O	Anger burned beneath my skin , and I felt flushed all over .
tr	O	Alisha started to say something , but Dorian sent her a pleading look .
tr	I	Jonesy , as you call him , was the best pilot I ever flew with , and that Suzi must be a whiz kid .
tr	O	I 've told you about the kind of person I was before I entered my Master 's service , and some things never change .
tr	O	Eric kissed Iona 's hair again , and Iona came awake with a start .
tr	O	They will go back to normal and it will be just us again .
tr	I	Her face was made up in light tones that were a far cry from her wrestling look and her black hair was pulled into a pony tail .
tr	O	Sal always warned him about Jen , but he never took his advice seriously .
tr	O	As waiters began clearing plates from the table , Hawk rose and a hush fell over the room .
tr	O	The upholstery smelled faintly of cigarette smoke , but I didn 't care .
tr	O	The breeze off the ocean tugged the loose strand of hair across my face and I carefully tucked it back where it belonged before starting .
tr	I	Everything else was white but my stockings were nude .
tr	O	I didn 't know it at the time but I had spoken too soon .
tr	O	The tickle came back and he opened his eyes .
tr	O	I 'd distributed flyers in the neighborhood , too , but I didn 't know how effective that would be .
tr	O	Maddie 's face was red and she pushed back against me .
tr	O	Nicholas left with Marlee , and they attended Mass. .
tr	I	His touch had changed the horse for him , but the guard was forced to join us for the crime of fighting back .
tr	I	Home base will stay the same , but I 'll still have to travel .
tr	O	His deep voice made Reece 's heart leap , and she turned around .
tr	O	He takes a gulp of his and I grip my cold glass tightly .
tr	I	Based on their facial expression , I must have looked as bad as I felt , and both looked at me .
tr	O	The headboard was tufted cream fabric that reached nearly to the ceiling , and all the bedding was monochromatic in shades of white .
tr	I	I looked anyway , but it was too dim in here to read , probably even too dim to find what I wanted .
tr	I	She longed to believe it was real , and she 'd longed for his love .
tr	O	Our world had crumbled around us , and yet , even when what I was doing made no sense to him , he trusted in my decision .
tr	O	My gasps became cries , but I couldn 't stop those any more than I could stop writhing beneath the excruciating ecstasy of his increasingly harder strokes .
tr	I	The not thinking part was impossible , but the breathing part was easy .
tr	O	I just send a message through to his office and he always seems to have the time to call me straight back .
tr	O	I felt his resolve in my very soul and a soaring feeling of confidence came over me .
tr	I	He nods and I ask .
tr	O	He starts to stroke me through my panties , and in moments , I 'm burning for him .
tr	I	He ran over to his mother and the boy 's eyes became wet .
tr	O	His heart clenched a little at the reminder , and he winced .
tr	I	My call went to voice mail and the ringing stopped .
tr	O	She had to believe that , or she would lose her mind .
tr	I	She felt her knees begin to tremble and the breath she 'd taken a moment ago was lodged in her throat .
tr	I	He gives me one of his sexy smirks and I look up at him in shock .
tr	I	I was enveloped by the night , and ~ The back door clicked behind me .
tr	O	She sounded frightened and his heart lurched .
tr	O	It stood there motionless for a minute , and then it spoke .
tr	I	I 'll be forced to silence you myself , or shut up .
tr	O	It was wonderful and if he hadn 't started to think of Sebastian at this moment , it would have been just perfect .
tr	O	The butler went on , but I blocked him out .
tr	I	That 's me , but I wouldn 't date a guy like that anyway .
tr	I	He had to know the answer to it , but the next question stung his throat .
tr	O	I 'd managed to pull off decent enough grades , but my MCAT scores didn 't cut it .
tr	O	I was going to ask Jax outright about his family , but having a Plan B didn 't hurt .
tr	I	They 've stopped trying to help , and people have decided you 're hopeless .
tr	I	She didn 't expect him to , but at least he didn 't stumble .
tr	I	I 'm relieved to see him stifling a smile and he clears his throat , finally breaking my trance .
tr	I	His thoughts kept drifting back to his former career at the Ironwood Flats Nuclear Power Plant , but Daniel wanted to sleep .
tr	O	She briefly considered ripping the dress free anyway , but the Thugs were upon her too quickly .
tr	O	The spouts begin flickering the water instead of a solid stream , and the people gather around the fountain as if drawn to it .
tr	I	It was indeed from excrement of some kind and it was the worst smell I 'd ever encountered .
tr	O	Kaylee made a brief struggle to break free , but Trip 's grasp did not loosen .
tr	O	Logan winced , but he stared at her .
tr	O	Her hands were shaking and she clenched them into fists at her sides so they weren 't visible .
tr	O	They had lost the fight and they knew it .
tr	I	She was taking no tests and Tammy wasn 't signing anything .
tr	O	Something darted into the fog , and he moved quickly toward it .
tr	I	She knew it , and Pol had come face to face with one of those choices .
tr	O	Her toes were shiny , as if they had clear polish on them , but the white part was brighter than a natural nail would be .
tr	I	She knew she needed recovery time , but her legs were beginning to get a little strength in them .
tr	I	I started to cry and Pain gripped my heart .
tr	I	The tree is still half under water and I look down again in another minute .
tr	I	It went indeed this time , and it said .
tr	I	He turned to greet the passer-by and a voice in the distance called out Zach 's name .
tr	O	We were both taking Pari 's class and we hadn 't seen it .
tr	I	We were merely spectators , and they were alone in their love .
tr	I	Now they are showing remarkable strides and your children were turned because of my pack .
tr	O	She had dropped her coat , and the blood flowing from her neck had slowed to a trickle .
tr	I	Sleep happened and they lay down .
tr	O	They had the same ancient uniform , but there was something odd about them .
tr	I	I groaned , and the fog sliced through the wound in my chest .
tr	O	Someone says something else , but the words don 't register .
tr	I	I have to concentrate on not throwing up , and my world is still spinning .
tr	I	She had a very warm presence about her , but Henry had felt a little awkward at first .
tr	I	I instantly knew which activity he would choose and the king looked between us .
tr	I	She let out a short shriek , spinning with her dagger out , and her already keyed up emotions jumped to a higher state .
tr	I	If they did , they didn 't recognize the back of my head , or I hoped it wasn 't any one who knew me .
tr	O	Their faces were muted by the swirl of angry blue fog , and whatever Max was shouting at her was lost in the whirlwind .
tr	O	He kept his eyes forward and his hands firmly on the wheel , driving like the police car wasn 't there .
tr	O	The soil is poor and wild animals often destroy their meager crops .
tr	O	They knew how to fight , by the gods they did , but they didn 't know how to stop .
tr	I	I asked if she had seen a man named Mike that day and the waitress came by to take my order .
tr	O	I couldn 't believe that Mike was thinking the same thing , but his hand was placed exactly like Jacob 's .
tr	I	The reality of that was harsh , but I 'd boldly told Jasmine that I 'd keep the twins if they were girls .
tr	O	Somehow she had enough of the elixir , and when she sniffed her hair it smelled like bread also .
tr	I	She did not refuse him as he nudged her gently forward , but Aria swallowed heavily .
tr	I	Behind her there is a lull between the waves and the wind dies down .
tr	O	They remained unaware of her presence , and she let them pass on before moving forward again .
tr	O	He stared at the case and his hands flexed as his thumbs rubbed the polished surface .
tr	O	I knew I was playing with fire , and I wondered if Mike would burn me the way he burned all the others .
tr	I	There were no questions from Jake , but the gunslinger thought the boy might begin to question him .
tr	O	Keith mentioned it since you can do it , but we have no idea what we 're doing .
tr	I	She felt his stare on her , but turning her back on Shane , she changed as quickly as she could .
tr	O	She screamed again , and as I drew another knife , a customer tackled the guard .
tr	I	Her eyes widened , and she tentatively took a sip .
tr	I	He misses them very much , and it has been a long while .
tr	O	His eyes told her one thing , but his mouth said something else .
tr	I	He was in no hurry to ease it and it was the sweetest kind of pain he 'd ever known .
tr	O	She glanced around , wondering who had done this , but she saw no one else within the small house .
tr	O	I put an arm around her and she collapses against me .
tr	O	The air was cooler than it had been in Coldwater , and a steady wind pummeled my back .
tr	I	Now so are you , and I 'm a vampire .
tr	O	The Jeep came to a stop in front of the house , and Charles ' huge body appeared from inside .
tr	O	The marauder 's war hammer swooped through the air , and Ward easily dodged it by moving to the side .
tr	O	Elena was surprised at seeing him , but for a moment she couldn 't think of why .
tr	I	I was happy to answer her , and Abigail was bombarding me with questions .
tr	O	He always asked me to dance for him , and I thought it 'd be a fun way to celebrate .
tr	I	It didn 't seem to work , but I tried to comfort him .
tr	I	She certainly didn 't feel like comforting him , but Julia didn 't know what to do .
tr	I	The result put their bodies in intimate contact , but she tilted her head back , intending to just look at him .
tr	O	He stands behind me , but soon his hands rest on my arms .
tr	O	The knife I normally hid in them wasn 't in it 's sheath , but I found it on my bathroom counter .
tr	I	I thought he was going to push me away again , and his hands seized my face .
tr	O	No , I 'm not a local and I know how important that is in a small town .
tr	O	I know she means well , but I could care less .
tr	I	Sam was horrified by it , and that seemed the only plausible explanation .
tr	O	We had fun spending time together occasionally , but we definitely lived different lives .
tr	O	You listen , for a living , and you have the intelligence to understand my conundrum .
tr	O	Dorian sighed , but she cut him off .
tr	I	It 's a little forced because I 'm sitting in the truck with a drummer from a band that I know , but I laugh .
tr	I	He chuckled , and I said .
tr	I	Walking around a city alone at night while wearing a short dress isn 't the smartest thing , but I 'm all about girl power .
tr	I	He wasn 't so quick to let it go , but he followed after her .
tr	I	You would never be happy staying in one place , and I love having Amy here .
tr	I	I know there is no way of talking her out of it , but I don 't want her to come .
tr	I	Jon grinned , enjoying himself immensely , and the others followed with him smoothly .
tr	O	Sometimes it seemed ill-advised , but Kelly trusted him implicitly .
tr	I	There he was and I looked up at the front table in the room meant for the leaders of this fine establishment .
tr	I	She scuttled off , bubbling excitement the entire way and rhys kissed her cheek .
tr	O	I haven 't passed judgment on him yet , but I do decide to give him a break .
tr	O	The heat rushed to her cheeks , and she bent to retrieve the sword .
tr	I	She told me how happy she was that I found her , and I asked her what she was thinking .
tr	I	It turned into a long , lingering kiss , but it was meant to be a brief one .
tr	I	She didn 't tear up , but Connelly gave her a minute .
tr	O	Living life to the fullest is a claim he , and he alone can make .
tr	I	There wasn 't a dime to spare and the cafe expansion would take careful planning .
tr	O	She held so much control over me , and I never even realized it .
tr	I	His face looked hard as he stared at me with his piercing eyes and his eyes narrowed .
tr	O	The crowd loved him , and not just the tweens this time .
tr	O	I 've spent most of my life waiting to die and now that I am , I don 't want to anymore .
tr	I	He switched automatically to English because that was the language Mitchell had used to speak to her , but he 'd been speaking to Mitchell in Dutch .
tr	I	Through his years as Commander it had worsened , but he had been that way since he 'd known him .
tr	O	You think I betrayed you , but I didn 't .
tr	I	She would have been surprised if he 'd done anything different , but shaking his hand felt a little strange after the evening they 'd just spent .
tr	O	I knew we had plenty eat for now -- but this wasn 't enough for me anymore .
tr	I	This was different but I knew I said I wouldn 't use magic on a human .
tr	I	I was feeling a little paranoid about the whole thing , and I now realised that I did not trust any of them anymore .
tr	O	He did not breath but he did not need to .
tr	I	Elise had said she was grateful for each extra day , and he 'd lingered for several years .
tr	O	It wasn 't particularly friendly , and it sure as hell wasn 't brotherly .
tr	I	There was something else I wanted badly to do , but I wanted to leave New York then .
tr	O	His mom swatted a lot of them , but they always came back .
tr	O	She looked up and his heart hammered .
tr	I	I raced from the room , but he howled like one of his beloved dogs .
tr	O	From above , the ocean felt massive , but from down here , it was secluded .
tr	O	The time for kissing had passed and he dipped his head .
tr	I	It was what he would do , and he had trained them himself .
tr	O	Your mistake might be understandable , but it 's still a mistake .
tr	O	Her hands were shaking , but she got him out .
tr	O	I ducked , but it was too late .
tr	O	Daddy is trying to sabotage all my plans and I don 't get it .
tr	I	I finally willed myself to look up , but I didn 't make eye contact with anyone for several long seconds after I 'd finished .
tr	O	Aisling said everyone was going to be here , but I don 't know who she counts in that statement ?
tr	O	He seems to like stepping on my toes and it 's getting annoying .
tr	I	It veered away , wobbling dangerously with red smoke belting out from the gaping hole and the blades cut through the front of the board .
tr	I	Walking home was infinitely better than being locked away , but without transportation back , the men knew the journey could take some time .
tr	O	I snuggled close to his body and his arm snaked its way around me , holding me securely against his side .
tr	O	There 's so much I wish for these days , but most of all , I wish you were here .
tr	I	Obviously that included anything that hampered him physically , and Sam Hudson didn 't like weakness of any kind .
tr	I	Wolf breath steamed into the small room and a black snout appeared .
tr	I	A content smile is plastered on his face and his hands are behind his head .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but his eyes pleaded with me to stop fighting him .
tr	O	Karla tried to pull away , and he chuckled .
tr	O	I said , and my mind drifted off somewhere , wondering what might happen to me in the meantime .
tr	O	The noise might have dissipated , but she was too wrapped up in the misery of her breakup with Jack .
tr	I	He remained quiet , but his face flushed red .
tr	I	I 've done all I can , and your crew leader told me to keep Lewis alive after he 'd been ripped to pieces by you lot .
tr	I	Each one was labeled with abbreviated words that made no sense to her and the list of files was staggering .
tr	I	He 's free , but he is tired .
tr	I	The lights were out , and the appliances were off .
tr	I	I feel like minutes pass between each one and it rings three times .
tr	O	It didn 't seem entirely plausible , but there was always the possibility that Keith knew Sacramento better than Isaac thought .
tr	O	Pate did the gadgetry , and Holly did the science .
tr	I	I 'm going to feed off you , and you 're going to feed off me .
tr	O	Darcy felt tears sting his eyes and his stomach hollowed .
tr	O	We were in the newborn haze , with dishes piled in the sink and in the same clothes we 'd worn the day before .
tr	O	The other two women followed Amber 's lead , but Ari watched cautiously , trying to figure out what they were doing .
tr	I	It was all he could afford just then , but three hours of sleep would not have made any dent in his exhaustion .
tr	O	All someone like him had to do was look interested and women would flock to his side .
tr	O	Cade stayed far away from me , and Kelsey was still angry , so I was disproving that quote about no man being an island .
tr	I	He 'd do it when Mary Jo wasn 't around , but he 'd ask her .
tr	O	Cindy held up her hands and the boys instantly stopped fighting .
tr	O	His scowl darkened , but he finally nodded .
tr	O	The hinges will still work , and I can fashion a hidden latch .
tr	I	He was alone again , and a few minutes later Fallon watched them drive away .
tr	O	After a time the shark tried to eat him but he still learned some interesting things .
tr	I	He beheld the heavens and the sky was clear .
tr	O	She could have killed him tonight , and yet she didn 't .
tr	O	It was almost a pleasant spring day , the first really nice day for a couple of weeks , and he was feeling surprisingly optimistic .
tr	I	He could tell that it was weaker , but the gravity seemed earth normal at first .
tr	I	Pretend none of this had ever happened and she wanted to curl into a tight ball .
tr	O	His cloak was damp with blood and red droplets spattered the muddy stone .
tr	O	Zane had dumped them out , and Ty hadn 't been able to find them all in his haste to pack up that morning .
tr	O	I had thought Lucky was smart , but now I wasn 't so sure .
tr	O	The creaking continues and it sounds like it ´ s surrounding us .
tr	I	Now with our symbiotic relationship with you we 're not sure anymore , but normally around 120 Earth years , that is around 324 planet rotations .
tr	O	Instinct had him wanting to shift , to protect himself with a layer of white fur , but he was not done yet .
tr	O	Mateo 's hand tightened around hers , and Nadia managed a smile for him .
tr	O	My mouth opened slightly and I shook my head .
tr	I	She doubted that she would be able to hear it , and she could tell instinctively that it was a horrible story .
tr	O	That boy is a wolf in sheep 's clothes , and you can quote me on that .
tr	I	She curled around me , and I slid us both underneath .
tr	O	Sheep dotted the meadows and in the distance she could see the river running , filled to capacity .
tr	O	The air was cool , but the ferocious winds of the last few days had died down .
tr	O	I had been careless , and now I would pay .
tr	O	I try to shout , but the sound is muffled .
tr	I	I thought he had the point , but the note fell off his chin .
tr	O	Past a long , multicoloured bar they moved , and it seemed everyone she passed knocked into her as though they meant to .
tr	I	The others immediately went to ground , blasting away with weapons at empty air , and the explosion was loud .
tr	O	She raised her hands again , as if to ward him off , but the fire didn 't burn from her palms .
tr	O	It was dawn when he had found his way back and a sense of urgency to be moving had set in .
tr	O	I wanted to offer him a small smile , but I couldn 't bring myself to do even that .
tr	O	It colored the way I saw the world , and I would not wish that for my children .
tr	O	He laughed , and I sighed with relief .
tr	O	Graham aimed the rifle , but the tiger had Kellerman pinned beneath him , Kellerman screaming as they grappled .
tr	O	I didn 't think I would see the woman again but I did , one night a week later .
tr	O	He put his finger on the page that she looked at and the words formed in his mind just as they had earlier .
tr	I	Once captured beneath it , any prey was completely trapped , and it was one of Artemis 's nets .
tr	I	Douglas quickly held Margo as she nearly collided with the wall , and the lift jolted into life .
tr	O	Brad didn 't miss a beat and he had it on the road right away .
tr	O	Rourke had looked delicious in the white linen pants , but he refused to wear them , preferring the robe .
tr	O	I had meant to tell him , but as the story came out it all sounded so bad .
tr	I	I got to practice and when I was growing up I came here during winter break .
tr	I	She was virtually a nobody , and Andrew was Caroline 's brother .
tr	I	There hadn 't been one , certainly not with Edward but they 'd expected a dreadful scene .
tr	I	A shiver went down my spine and she was cool to the touch .
tr	O	She wasn 't foolish enough to think that all handsome men were swine , but at some level , she still didn 't trust him .
tr	O	They were balanced on a fine edge and one breath would push them over .
tr	O	Hot women weren 't exactly a novelty in Vegas , but this one was in a league of her own .
tr	O	Mrs. Jackson noticed the change in me right away , and I blushed the entire time she asked about Bennett .
tr	I	Together they left the room and Ruth reached for her purse .
tr	I	In the big times , you want the people you love around you , and it was big-time , baby .
tr	O	Mia had cleaned herself from the blood today , but the feeling of having blood all over her face stayed .
tr	I	My stomach was a wreck and my head was pounding .
tr	I	They made her hot in spite of how angry she was at him , and his eyes were dark , dangerous .
tr	I	I couldn 't see them , but I glanced back through the rain to the bank below .
tr	I	She was right , but it was impossible .
tr	O	Darrell looked liked someone had knocked the wind out of him and Jamie told him so .
tr	O	Eric may own some of the streets , but he doesn 't own me .
tr	I	She didn 't know it , but it was her first little taste of jealousy .
tr	O	Moisture lingered behind her lower lip , and Graham licked it away .
tr	O	Nothing seemed right , and she cursed herself quietly for being nervous about a simple brunch .
tr	I	You 're accusing me of killing him and I 've just buried my husband .
tr	O	We 'd dropped Noah off with Jake 's parents , and I wasn 't so nervous leaving Noah this time .
tr	O	I was taking political science classes and he was in the engineering school .
tr	O	I think they might be on to something , but they aren 't telling me .
tr	I	You could still see her expression , but holding a small bouquet of flowers by her side , she turned slightly away from the camera .
tr	I	She didn 't understand his logic , but she didn 't mean to look as if he was speaking another language .
tr	I	I 'm a rag doll being torn apart and it 's like I 've been sucked into a tornado .
tr	I	It was the truth , but he doubted she 'd believe him .
tr	O	They stepped onto it and both faced one direction .
tr	I	He gave me another cupcake and we beamed at each other .
tr	I	I doubted she 'd tell me no , and I could tell she wanted me .
tr	O	Travis 's eyes narrowed and his laughter fell away .
tr	O	This summer was completely different from her lonely past and she didn 't even think about her room until now .
tr	I	She was wearing a jacket that I had just bought and I 'd once saw a picture of her on Facebook .
tr	O	Her heart was beating so fast and hard she thought it would disintegrate from too much effort .
tr	O	In my time , they would be worth hundreds of dollars , but here we will have to find what they are worth .
tr	I	I do know it was regarding a debt my great uncle owed someone , but I 'm not exactly sure what they had dealings about .
tr	I	At times Susannah treated her as if she didn 't have a brain in her head , but she hated to sound so impatient .
tr	O	Defeated , I look down at my legs and my favorite yoga pants have scattered tears in them where I have cuts .
tr	I	Martin began sending a monthly check , but the letter was never published .
tr	O	The engine purred to life and there was a slight rumble as the propeller sliced its way through the water .
tr	O	He didn 't know what he 'd done in this life to get so lucky , but he intended to enjoy it .
tr	I	He ripped the stake out of his brother 's grasp , and William 's hand snapped out , faster than a striking snake .
tr	I	I waited for them to notice me standing there , and they were only a few footsteps away from me now .
tr	O	He only smiled , and like his voice , his smile held seduction .
tr	O	The comment struck me mute , but I recovered .
tr	O	I closed my hands over the back of hers and lifting them gently .
tr	O	My head spins lightly and desire rushes through me .
tr	I	I just couldn 't help myself , but I shouldn 't have been thinking the worst .
tr	I	We ducked back , and another bullet gouged the frame .
tr	O	I had never spoken to the group before , so I was not very comfortable , but I explained my idea .
tr	O	She wanted to be mad at him , but she could not resist smiling , herself .
tr	O	I giggled , completely unlike me , and Sam laughed because he knew it .
tr	I	I could not , but when she asked about that , I first tried to manage it with my father .
tr	I	I was no longer as excited about being rescued , and my words tripped out of my mouth .
tr	I	Laughing when it blew my hair into my face , or feeling the wind blow his shaggy hair around his head .
tr	I	You can call me back and if you 'd like , I can give you my extension .
tr	I	He froze , and she swayed closer .
tr	O	I twist away and he lets go .
tr	O	He stiffened , but I ignored his reaction .
tr	I	It 's important to make the fans happy and it 's important to have fans like that .
tr	O	Rhea 's eyes widened and she turned to Cronus .
tr	O	I knew , since I 'd seen her employment history , but this was where you started with small talk .
tr	I	Lamont was alone and he was gone .
tr	I	Maybe they could talk some sense into him , and if Henry continued to go this slowly , I 'd have time to help free the others .
tr	I	The doors spread open letting a dozen men fan out and the vehicles parked .
tr	I	That was why she was here and she was done running .
tr	I	I felt nothing , and there was the sound of a laser firing .
tr	I	She groaned and he ground his hips against her .
tr	O	Mac was alone again but he couldn 't sleep .
tr	O	I nodded and we began to walk back down the trail .
tr	O	Ryan was right about the night chill , but under the blanket , Laura felt a warmth from within just being near this man .
tr	I	I would have had if we 'd been normal humans and tears flow as I wonder what sort of life Darien .
tr	O	It was one of the colder mornings , but at least the wind wasn 't blowing as hard as it normally was .
tr	I	Usually , he lets me drive when we get to the house , but Steve doesn 't talk much .
tr	O	He quickly opened my door for me , and I wrapped my arms around his middle .
tr	O	He was silent for a moment , and she knew she wouldn 't like the answer , even though she was expecting it .
tr	I	There was a devious sparkle in hers as she grinned at me , and our eyes met .
tr	O	Their mother hurried to their side , but she hesitated upon reaching them , one hand over her mouth as she began to wretch .
tr	I	He liked to switch up his type for different moves and Master Boone was a versatile Vito user .
tr	I	She waves them off , but the other girls try to quiet her .
tr	I	That 's okay , but mostly , it was his memory lane .
tr	O	His grave face was lean with harsh planes , and other females would consider it handsome .
tr	O	It was a gamble to leave his child , but what else could he do ?
tr	I	I 'm used to it , but it 's too late for me .
tr	O	He 's in better shape than me , and he hasn 't been beaten like March .
tr	O	Gentle kisses on my left shoulder sent butterflies to my stomach and I giggled just knowing how good he 'd made me feel .
tr	I	He would always win , but she could continue to fight Blake .
tr	O	It was just a little chuckle , but I could feel the walls vibrate .
tr	O	My days are numbered , but yours are just starting .
tr	I	Cold was creeping into the deserted game room , and the fire had burned down to reluctant embers .
tr	I	Certainly there would be no red flags raised at this kind of money changing hands , and Sheila was not an expert about the company 's expenses .
tr	I	He didn 't even care and now he was really pleading .
tr	O	The droplets struck Echo 's face slowly at first , but then picked up pace as a downpour began .
tr	I	In the end Starbucks sighs , but it takes more badgering .
tr	I	He remained stubbornly cautious , but he couldn 't attack until the man was inside .
tr	I	I didn 't kill it , but I think my baby died .
tr	O	It was two in the morning , and she was not about to invite the ill-mannered person in .
tr	I	She shook her head and Anita 's face bunched up .
tr	O	She rammed her elbow into his gut , but his hold didn 't even loosen .
tr	O	The street was so busy that Vin usually avoided it , and this day was even worse than most .
tr	O	Clay looked at Kennedy 's hand , but Kennedy didn 't let go .
tr	O	The hours pass and I fight boredom .
tr	O	It was a lame excuse , but I could do no better .
tr	I	The phone sat in the cradle , but he reached down to dial the numbers , 9-1-1 .
tr	O	He was tall and a liquid version of silver seemed to trickle down the side of his face .
tr	I	They outnumbered us three to one , but it especially wasn 't like me .
tr	I	His nearness addled her nerves and his scent filled her nostrils .
tr	O	They came to the door to Jeff 's lab and Erica opened it with the key .
tr	I	Our arrangement 's over , and the week 's over .
tr	I	Any entertained would have stimulated intoxicated clubbers and this task was simple because the crowd needed to be entertained .
tr	O	She tried to jettison them away , but they remained glued to her skin .
tr	I	His mom waved her over to join them and the doctor walked over to Matt 's parents .
tr	I	I slid into the passenger seat , and he opened the door to his shiny new hybrid .
tr	O	In the sparking neon light his face was an implacable mask , but his eyes burned with psi .
tr	O	He had headphones on , but he was watching us .
tr	O	I couldn 't move and I couldn 't speak .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure what Tate had told them , but I got the feeling they knew about Bret Swann .
tr	O	There were no identifying marks , but she recognized the strange red circle the professor at Rutgers liked to use on his correspondence .
tr	O	Her voice had no traceable accent , yet there was a distinct refined quality to it .
tr	I	It proved to be difficult , but he slowly climbed to his feet , trying to orient himself .
tr	I	Me arriving at the airport and Below is a photo of Alex .
tr	I	She didn 't believe her , but Liz tried to tell her that the guy was only interested in her to get to Victoria .
tr	I	Then he noticed Lexi , and he started to say something to his sister .
tr	I	I saw Lil ian smiling from ear to ear , and an arm waving above the crowd caught my attention .
tr	I	Emily knew instantly what it represented but it did not belong to her .
tr	I	Everything seemed like a dream and the whole world had changed .
tr	O	Right now his body is safely in a Med Chamber and what is going on is all happening in his mind .
tr	O	I was mortal at the time and there were still nights I suffered from the haunting memories of my incarceration .
tr	I	Now wasn 't it and there was a time for talking .
tr	O	He texted me about getting something to eat , and it wasn 't even a date , Daemon .
tr	O	His long tongue snaked out of his mouth , and his scaly snout grew in length .
tr	O	Fairies were strong , stronger than people , but vamps were stronger than anything else on earth .
tr	O	I 'm a good ghost , but I was a bad man .
tr	I	Thankfully she turns in the opposite direction on the street , and I slouch down so that she won 't see me .
tr	O	All conversation ceased , and every pair of eyes settled on me .
tr	O	Summer had worried that Mrs. White might be dangerous , but Trevor 's fate surpassed her worst expectations .
tr	I	Things haven 't always gone my way , but I 've tried to make it better .
tr	I	Losing his lunch was not likely to help Corinne feel any better , and the stench of vomit always made him want to puke .
tr	I	She quickly grew a little bolder , but her tongue was hesitant at first .
tr	I	Sleep failed her but she closed her eyes hoping to get some rest .
tr	O	Most of the cars in the student lot have cleared out , and I don 't recognize any of the people still milling about .
tr	O	We can 't question him unless we have hard proof and we won 't have hard proof unless we question him .
tr	O	She accepted it as she accepted it in herself , yet he had killed easily , swiftly , without hesitation .
tr	O	We went back inside , and I made us food .
tr	I	You keep distracting me but that 's what I 've been trying to tell you .
tr	I	Everything seems idyllic and Grant 's here .
tr	O	There wasn 't any straying from the relationship , and watching Liam suck the lipstick off the brunette wasn 't working for him at all .
tr	O	We maneuver onto Congress , and the neighborhood changes quickly .
tr	I	He glanced over to Gray , but Masterson continued to hobble along .
tr	O	Her head drooped and her eyes closed .
tr	I	I gave him a smile I had no idea was dazzling and therefore my grin got bigger .
tr	O	Tunnels could be used to a great advantage , but they could also be terrible traps .
tr	I	The two of them looked at me as though I might drop any minute , but I was feeling fine .
tr	O	There are five hundred acres of woods up there , and we 've been helping the locals comb through them .
tr	O	He usually kept regular office hours , but he hadn 't been home since leaving for the station at eight that morning .
tr	O	Miranda is smiling too , but there 's a hollow look about her , as though a strong gust of wind would blow her away .
tr	I	It didn 't do any serious damage , but the shuttle itself was assaulted by debris .
tr	I	I immediately started to feel better and she wrapped her hand around my arm .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure but I had a feeling that at least one rib was broken .
tr	O	His squad began to move for the door , but in a moment , he was transported to hell .
tr	O	I try not to regret a lot of the things I 've done , but I regret doing drugs .
tr	I	He was here , but when I was his age , Dad wasn 't much .
tr	I	To Bryn , caffeine was , and she was holding a steaming cup of coffee like it was her religion .
tr	O	Soon she would have to get up but for the moment she snuggled back down in her warm bed .
tr	O	I wasn 't , and I was watching .
tr	O	He was one of those men who grinned even when they were annoyed , but right now he grinned because he was proud .
tr	I	He told me not to wake you but I was about to smack you !
tr	I	I don 't want him to go , but his tongue pulls back from my mouth .
tr	I	He was no longer there , and Mr. Tracey had wandered off .
tr	O	His wore a gun belt around the hips of his denim pants , and the unmistakable band of spur straps marked the tops of his boots .
tr	I	Most of the other Chinese attendants had not yet perceived , but the translator was standing back from the chairs with an anxious expression .
tr	O	He was being an ass , but he was hurt .
tr	O	They had been bent behind him for too long and the blood wasn 't flowing properly .
tr	I	The trial was held in the Wax Forest near the Calderon Valley , and it was quite a number of years ago .
tr	I	It just was not a practical explanation and it was an emotional attack on me .
tr	O	A low-hanging limb swung back and Kylie caught it with her arm with complete ease .
tr	I	I shut the door on her , but Marcie inched forward .
tr	O	Jamie 's blue eyes went soft and he clicked his tongue at them .
tr	O	He shook his head , and Lisa 's tears accelerated .
tr	O	Someone said something to me along the lines of being happy that I was fine , and I smiled tentatively .
tr	O	He was so busy and I was burdening him .
tr	O	Fresh air blew across her face and she glanced around , realizing the door opened into a narrow alley .
tr	I	The forceful opening of tavern doors broke his focus yet again , but Timmy contemplated their options .
tr	O	She could have been Beyonce 's sister , and I felt self-conscious sitting there in my paper outfit .
tr	I	His eyes met mine , and it was then that Chad noticed the limp bodies on the ground .
tr	O	The woman managed to look ashamed , but Kay knew she couldn 't expect any aid from that direction .
tr	I	He left it alone , but his eyebrows went up .
tr	O	I saw the sadness in her eyes , and I felt bad for her .
tr	O	I didn 't want her to find out this way , but this was what it came to .
tr	O	He shook his head , bothered more than he should be by the fact that she was injured and nobody close to her knew .
tr	I	The icicles hanging from the eaves glittered in the moonlight , and the thatched roof of the cottage was thick with snow .
tr	I	It slammed into the side of a vat and catching sight of it out of the corner of my eye , I sidestepped .
tr	O	Her face flamed and her fingers shook .
tr	I	I reluctantly decided to ask her why and she pouted her lips .
tr	O	The lights dimmed and the music swelled .
tr	I	The professors seem to know , too , and Dad certainly seems to know , though .
tr	I	Their troops are stalled and the Chinese have not responded with nuclear weapons as of yet .
tr	I	I was wrong , but I had thought that any warmth would be appreciated after such cold .
tr	O	The chair seated him and the swing moved him .
tr	O	I was ravenous and I was cranky .
tr	I	He didn 't have any warning , but I 'd just figured out who I was going to see .
tr	O	Her head throbbed , and everything was blurry .
tr	I	People knew it and Kimber definitely knew how to throw a party .
tr	O	I knew what he wanted to say , and he absolutely couldn 't say it in front of my friend .
tr	I	I 'm too tired to open my eyes all the way , but I hear a voice .
tr	I	I had no plan and Time was very short .
tr	O	He glanced at me , and surprisingly , he smiled .
tr	I	He was amazingly strong , but I tackled him .
tr	O	I wished there was a better way I could have done that , but there really wasn 't .
tr	O	A bit like in hybrid cars , it has two modes of operation , but this one is to go on rockets .
tr	O	It takes a little training to get good at it , but I 've always looked for the beauty in the world .
tr	O	I knew I had been short with Amy all day , and I regretted it .
tr	I	Her words were elegant gibberish to me , but an old woman tried to communicate .
tr	O	You know when you 're listening to music , and the CD starts to skip ?
tr	I	He just nods , but I wait for Pollux to say hello .
tr	O	The blade whispered against the leather as it slid out , and Julia 's lips parted as she held the knife up .
tr	I	I can 't lie to myself , but I try not to admit he 's right .
tr	O	Vincent was already on the way back home , and I was enjoying the smooth ride of the expensive sports car .
tr	I	He started to take deep , heaving breaths , and then he began swaying , his eyelids drooping .
tr	O	A few minutes go by and I hear the back door .
tr	I	Something being dragged across the other side of the campsite , or I heard scratching .
tr	I	Amira did not say anything , but she waited a handful of heartbeats .
tr	I	Both of us parted , smiling and he then brushed my lips quickly with his own .
tr	I	Malcolm eagerly chased , and the male staggered backward .
tr	O	Dayan , like all his kind , was enormously strong , and the dead weight of the two bodies meant nothing to him .
tr	I	The desk clerk still stared as I entered the building , but I tried my best to keep her covered by her dress .
tr	I	She 'd gotten her wish , but she couldn 't know it .
tr	I	A handful joined us , including Rivers , but several of the guards lingered , staying off the property .
tr	I	Her chin trembled and her eyes burned .
tr	O	It happened then , and Riley 's eyes flew open .
tr	O	The Coalition spoke , but they never listened !
tr	I	I understood him only too well , and although he was speaking to Aunt Glenda it was meant for me .
tr	O	The softness in her voice was sweet and she had a gentle way about her .
tr	I	Her legs felt wobbly , but she took a step .
tr	O	she guessed , and I nodded .
tr	I	Sydney chuckled as we entered , and one of the restaurants I remembered was still in business .
tr	I	He was lightly stroking it with his fingertips and my right arm was across Jackson 's chest .
tr	I	Alarms sounded and lights flashed .
tr	I	She rose from the bed and the woman 's smile broadened .
tr	I	He paused when I gasped as his fingers brushed against my bare flesh and he ran his hands up my skirt , looking for underwear to discard .
tr	I	She wasn 't about to tell Lori , and she wasn 't supposed to tell anyone .
tr	O	There was no audio commentary , but text had been embedded in the video , acting like subtitles .
tr	I	These things do happen but I wasn 't so sure .
tr	I	His hand found its way inside her shorts and she asked on a groan as he nipped at her nipple .
tr	O	I swallow it back down and it turns into nervous excitement .
tr	I	That was a first , and she didn 't glare .
tr	O	He didn 't like where this was going , but he had to find out the whole story .
tr	I	Her jaw trembled , but her eyes were cold .
tr	O	They all owned their homes in this retirement complex and their ages ranged from the mid-seventies to the mid-eighties .
tr	I	I fought for a breath and my chest tightened .
tr	O	My head was spinning and my heart was pounding .
tr	I	Eris saw that it was a feminine face and it pushed forward .
tr	I	Now he was coming back with this story , and he hadn 't been their leader for months .
tr	I	I was a part of the team and Man was hunting aliens .
tr	O	He had a way with his tongue that should be illegal and it probably was in some states .
tr	O	I tried to spin around but I was frozen in place .
tr	I	That was where he would make his escape , and that was the answer -- that was where they were headed .
tr	O	It wasn 't perfect , but it was round .
tr	O	She knew immediately from his look that the answer was something basic , but winemaking was something she knew little about .
tr	O	They all returned after a short while , and we bedded down for the night , completely exhausted .
tr	O	Tessa 's house was missing a few shutters and the siding looked worn .
tr	O	She 'd disguised herself well , but Cameron would have known those gray eyes anywhere .
tr	O	It made her strong , and it gave her an edge over other thieves .
tr	I	Droplets fell to the cave floor from hanging stalactites and they mated as pond water splashed against rock walls .
tr	O	The two men stepped outside and Stuart shivered .
tr	I	He 'd never admit it , but I think he was blushing .
tr	O	Those arms grew tight and he buried his face in her neck .
tr	O	She backed into the kitchen and the curious pup followed her .
tr	O	I 've entertained the idea that we could access other dimensions from here , but it 's not time to test my theories .
tr	I	They never complained , but I 'm afraid I took advantage of them .
tr	I	I cannot for the life of me place where I have seen this name before and this name is familiar .
tr	I	He looked like he was considering what to say , and Zane was scrutinizing him .
tr	O	A place where it reminded her of her birth , of the woman who had given her life , and of the name she 'd been given .
tr	O	The villager reached out suddenly and according to his red stained teeth , he had been sucking on his shredded fingers .
tr	I	No one is really paying attention to it but there is a football game playing in the background .
tr	I	That one taste wasn 't enough , and he 'd had one taste .
tr	I	The space was empty , but David 's office door was ajar .
tr	I	The people behind me were screaming at me that the light was green and horns blared at me .
tr	I	He was pretty sure Andrew understood that too , and Neil knew one of them would have to break for them to get along .
tr	O	I lean forward and my seatbelt locks .
tr	I	As long as she did not suffer from hay fever , it was the ideal spot and the shading trees would stop her from burning .
tr	O	He went with her , and I started opening cabinets .
tr	O	I know Mia doesn 't like me , but I 'll get her to like me .
tr	I	We work very hard and we keep low profiles .
tr	O	She looked up at me in thanks , and I was overcome with an emotion that I was unfamiliar with .
tr	I	He thought Alex deserved that promotion but he didn 't want to let on to Karrie .
tr	I	Alanna nodded , and Thomas looked for reassurance that they were in the right place .
tr	I	Their irritation was just under the surface , and they had not come to town to spend time with Stick .
tr	O	Every second that passed seemed like an eternity , and panic began to overwhelm any rational thought I tried to have .
tr	I	It 's empty now , but I have a canteen in my pack .
tr	I	Her hair tangled my wrist , but Nancy 's shoulder slipped from my grasp .
tr	I	Jason habitually dabbed her forehead with his vest , and her chestnut hair remained as soaked near the roots it had been underwater .
tr	I	It made him sigh of relief and he stopped to think about it .
tr	I	If she only obtained that , this line was worth it , in their minds , and getting an autograph from Mac was something special , anyway .
tr	I	She knew that would not go far and she had barely a fiver on her .
tr	I	She couldn 't hear him , but he appeared to be speaking .
tr	O	We walked back to the car and the clouds started to roll in .
tr	O	She could smell him and he smelled quite nice .
tr	I	You looked so happy together and I could see that your girlfriend was sitting next to you .
tr	O	I held him , thinking he might snap awake again , but his doze deepened into a real sleep .
tr	I	I play the part to perfection : badass , loyal , ready for a fight , and my image has kept me alive .
tr	O	I tapped on the glass lightly , but she still jumped before turning around .
tr	I	She clung to the wall looking away and her face turned to stone .
tr	I	I tricked you into killing my mother , and I also planned for you to burn my house down .
tr	O	He hated to use his own MIL , but the question now was one of speed .
tr	O	Whenever he tried the handle his father 's eyes appeared at the window and he gestured for Kent to move on .
tr	I	It went to voice mail but I tried to call you .
tr	O	The thought was almost enticing enough to give it a go , but the promise of stretching out on Wade was even more tempting .
tr	I	Min cried out , backing away , and something impossibly bright formed in the air before him .
tr	I	I stood there for a moment , composing myself , and Sam disappeared to attend to other customers .
tr	I	I snapped my head up , and someone came close to me .
tr	I	I knew he was crying , and his chest heaved once now .
tr	O	They passed him around like a group of children playing with a ball , and there wasn 't room for another player in their little game .
tr	I	No one seems to mind and I 've been murdering minutes for hours .
tr	O	Pain shoots up my arm , and I shake my hand out .
tr	I	I had started to sleep well for the first time in ages and Kennan was able to pull me out of all of my dreams .
tr	O	I don 't know what a bag of old split ends will do for them , but I stay still as he cuts my hair .
tr	O	He stood in the doorway , blond curls long and dripping , small woolen tunic matted to his skin .
tr	I	They pretend not to realize , or some of them do not realize I know this .
tr	I	She was not flying alone , but Karou was flying , sure .
tr	I	His breath teases my lips like fingers , and he doesn 't back away , though .
tr	O	An odd vibration went through her as the snow disappeared and grasslands arrived .
tr	O	The silk sleeves were rolled up to his elbows and his hands were covered in blood .
tr	O	The others were pleasant enough , but none had Maran 's sly wit .
tr	O	Jeff 's mind crashed the way an overloaded hard drive would -- and like its computer counterpart , his body froze .
tr	O	Her voice is so soft and yet it makes me break out in a cold sweat .
tr	O	I never supposed he had friends outside of the palace walls , but there was a lot I didn 't know about him apparently .
tr	O	She could make up a lie ... or she could ask Angie for help .
tr	I	The yard cooled with the nearing night and she asked when the crickets began to sing .
tr	O	He didn 't see anything , but the sheikh had a different angle .
tr	O	At least for the first few centuries , the mountains had provided for them , but now he suspected Xavier had somehow managed to change that .
tr	O	I 'm amazed that I can stand but I need to shake it off anyway .
tr	I	My folks were socializing and the crickets were at full chirp .
tr	O	She was trying to say something to him but he could not hear her voice .
tr	I	One side of her lips tipped up , and her all-white eyes centered on me .
tr	O	He 's got a lot to do , but I 'd like to ask you to be patient so he can ask you some more questions .
tr	I	Simone smiled wryly , but there was nothing else , not even a signature .
tr	O	Bonnie felt fine hairs on her arms and the back of her neck stand up .
tr	I	Lifting me up , she tossed me across the room , and I hissed as Loria flashed over to me .
tr	O	Creed 's hands knotted into fists , but he didn 't move from Cal 's sofa .
tr	I	I did it again before he could cover up but he grabbed for his crotch .
tr	O	It came away with sticky red , but I couldn 't find the cut .
tr	O	I tried his cell phone , but it went straight to voicemail .
tr	O	The awful need would dissolve , and he could think again .
tr	O	I could have cried again , but it seemed for a moment I had no more tears .
tr	O	It was only lunchtime , and Abigail already hated Gideon .
tr	O	Brody still had a gun and it was tucked in the waistband of his jeans .
tr	I	He 'll help in any way he can and he said he 's excited to meet Diana .
tr	I	The spell returned and his face stared fixedly into the darker room until his eyes had adjusted .
tr	I	Instead her expression looked brittle , but she tried to look welcoming .
tr	O	Aidan held Leah closer than ever that night , but her warmth still didn 't provide any comfort .
tr	O	The movements were still the same , but something in his execution had changed .
tr	I	It was all silent as if the sound didn 't matter , but she smiled at a customer .
tr	O	The chain was f ire in my hands , and I swung it as hard as I could .
tr	O	Her right ankle crumpled and she fell against him .
tr	O	I shifted my gaze to the man next to him , and my eyes locked with familiar ones .
tr	O	He didn 't know he 'd done it , but he was suddenly standing .
tr	I	Folks who had not seen each other in a while got caught up on events , and people shared food they had brought along .
tr	O	He nodded and we left Chuck alone to clean up the mess on the floor .
tr	O	They didn 't quite know the lyrics , but that made it all the more entertaining .
tr	O	I didn 't know how much I liked him , but I was definitely attracted to him .
tr	O	The line continued to flash like a bright red beacon , and still Paul couldn 't make himself reach for the receiver .
tr	O	He walks out of the room and I wander to the bathroom .
tr	I	I don 't expect you to remember much of it , and I know we 've flooded you with information at the moment .
tr	I	He 'd never called her before , but they spoke at the office whenever they passed each other .
tr	I	I am , kind of , and I yawn , pretending to be exhausted .
tr	I	She studied him for it , and it wasn 't a gesture he did often .
tr	O	His voice was unemotional , as usual , but there was something different about his eyes .
tr	I	I told her not to tell my mom and I was there for her .
tr	I	You were lost to me and I searched for centuries for you .
tr	O	Maybe I 'm a little nuts , always making myself cold , but that doesn 't mean that I don 't like getting warm .
tr	O	She didn 't remember doing that , but she must have .
tr	O	He gave me a smile , and I tried to smile back .
tr	O	You helped me in the woods , and I want help you now .
tr	I	His powerful left hand brought my body against his , and I gasped .
tr	I	He thundered and I shouted .
tr	I	The programming of the human brain extended over many decades , and the human brain far exceeded that complexity .
tr	O	He hadn 't liked making that promise , and he hadn 't liked the sex much .
tr	I	No other sound followed , but she paused to listen .
tr	I	She admitted to herself she was terribly tired , and the strength had gone out of her voice .
tr	O	I spin around , and Davis is staring hard at me .
tr	O	Chris started to respond , but Doug held up his hand stopping him .
tr	O	He could see how uncertain she was , but it only made him more determined to push past it .
tr	O	She tries to laugh but it comes out all wrong .
tr	I	He watched her as she slowly moved away , and something in the way she moved struck him .
tr	O	His shoulders are hunched over and his head is hung low .
tr	O	An image of me pulling her into my lap danced through my brain and I had to close my eyes .
tr	O	It 's hard to walk sometimes , but other times I manage it fine .
tr	O	We got out to there and everyone starts dropping their clothes .
tr	O	He spent more on lunch than she 'd spent on her paint , but she was still uncomfortable with him paying for it .
tr	I	Her hands were still loaded with her groceries but she would have pointed at the door .
tr	I	The last crucial preparations are made and now we have about an hour before the battle begins .
tr	I	A flush of pink swept over her cheeks , and her breathing sped .
tr	O	She turned away quickly and the pulling sensation disappeared .
tr	I	A deep frown crossed his face , and he glanced away .
tr	I	I dabbed my cheeks , flinching , and Noelle handed me a rough napkin .
tr	I	Frankly , neither could I and she could barely stay awake .
tr	O	It hit her on the side and Dagmar quickly slammed the torch at her .
tr	O	At his words Celine 's brows lifted and she looked up at him with just a hint of excitement in her eyes .
tr	I	He could not feel the cold through the emotions swamping him , but it was chilly for November .
tr	I	That 's forward , and there is only one way out .
tr	I	None of the cups were really moving because no one was in there to spin them but the ride was spinning around .
tr	I	She 'd failed to recognize what he was doing and they 'd had this ongoing conversation about romantic heroes .
tr	O	You 're my grandson , and the only family I have left .
tr	I	It cost a thousand pounds but it was gorgeous .
tr	O	She had no idea what direction he intended to go , but Valerie had a few ideas of her own about that .
tr	O	I 'd always thought it tasted good , but now I realized it was a pale imitation of what I was supposed to be drinking .
tr	I	It was in evidence now , and when he was uncertain about something , his Southern accent always made an appearance .
tr	I	She waved them on , but a few concerned neighbors stopped to offer a ride .
tr	I	She noted the exact moment when he recalled his statement , and awareness dawned in his expression .
tr	O	Her expression was anxious , and she gripped the girl 's arm tightly .
tr	O	The sobs grow silent , but I hear no response .
tr	I	He averted his eyes , but I glared at him .
tr	O	He thought she was the prettiest maiden in the forest , and his heart belonged to her .
tr	O	The door flew open and Simon came into view .
tr	O	Her big dark eyes hardened , and she pulled away from me .
tr	I	We could go back to being a class and score one for the visiting prof. The tension left the room -- at least most of it -- .
tr	O	They invited us to dine with them and Amy made a great impression .
tr	O	The line is long , but Danny doesn 't see he has a choice .
tr	I	It had worked like a charm , and it was a damn good idea .
tr	I	Now he shouted into the jagged stone walls and he repeated the word until his vocal cords decided to function again .
tr	O	I started to frown , and I turned towards the window .
tr	I	She wouldn 't let her heart go so easily , but she might be sharing his bed .
tr	I	I cannot live without blood and I 've fed from her many times , because I am Breed .
tr	I	I am almost certain Johanna Reyes hates me , but she would deny it if I asked her .
tr	I	The clouds hadn 't disappeared and I could see the sky .
tr	I	It would save him from having to walk around the building again , and it was already broken anyways .
tr	O	I 'm pissed , but I 'm not stupid .
tr	O	He swung the axe again , but the woman leaped up , her foot colliding with his chest .
tr	O	She 'd looked at me like I was an alien at first , too , but now I was pretty sure she liked me .
tr	I	At least she didn 't appear angry , and Elizabeth 's hands were planted on her hips .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but she knew that some of the other kids made fun of her for having an invisible friend .
tr	I	Then recognized the shape in the sand , and he squinted , moving closer .
tr	O	The sun set a few hours ago , but neither of us said much throughout the day .
tr	O	This is a very important position and I 'd rather a friend have it than someone off the streets .
tr	O	I really don 't know what we had done to deserve this amount of luck , but I was not complaining .
tr	I	I pressed forward , our chests touching , and the edge of the quilt slipped a little .
tr	O	It wasn 't as much fun as watching her get undressed , but it was still enjoyable .
tr	I	I was a grown woman , and he was an old , pathetic man .
tr	I	Some had planted themselves where they were , determined to fight , and some Shadowhunters had scattered .
tr	O	For many years he did this and he never noticed a decline in his hearing .
tr	I	He won 't let go , but freaking out , I swing him around .
tr	I	I have no reason to do that , but I 'm not sure why you think I 'd play that kind of game with you .
tr	I	He catches the bottle before it hits the floor and Kayden 's arm dashes forward .
tr	O	We hear shouts in the distance , but Des keeps me moving forward .
tr	O	People looked at him and they gave everything over .
tr	O	He didn 't even deny they had been lovers , and a year wasn 't as long ago as he made it out to be .
tr	O	I caught his expression and it had grown serious .
tr	O	A knock raps on the door and I feel a rush of relief as I get up to answer it .
tr	I	His other arm wrapped around my waist , and he grabbed my wrist at his face .
tr	I	It might help exorcise her demons , but childish , she knew .
tr	O	I said innocently , trying to tug my hand away , but his grip was too strong .
tr	O	There were tears on my face , and I didn 't even care if she saw them .
tr	O	Abe took a step to go around her , but she threw her hands up to block him .
tr	O	I fingered it , and we touched the flowers in each other 's hair with warm smiles .
tr	O	The Buick shut off its engine and a second man appeared from the driver 's side .
tr	O	He 's a black dwarf , and he 's been an engineer down here for years .
tr	O	All he wanted to be was happy , and he was when he was with her .
tr	I	Astonishingly , she tilted her head back to flash him a mysterious smile , but she tensed at his touch .
tr	I	His mood became as unpleasant as Silk 's , and he brooded about that as they rode eastward along the rocky coast .
tr	O	The boy was leaning on the trunk of a parked car and immediately recognized them both when they approached him .
tr	I	It was something that I cherished about her and she was so innocent .
tr	O	To be naked and sweaty with him again ?
tr	O	He didn 't mean his house , and I knew it .
tr	O	Here he was in New France , and he was still waiting .
tr	O	The backdrop was blurred , but from the color , Ethan guessed that the photo had been taken in the community gardens .
tr	I	Her car steered its way there easily , and the address seemed familiar for some reason .
tr	I	Then , sharing her world with him seemed to please her , but he didn 't know why she wanted to teach him to drive .
tr	I	The sand in his mouth threatened to choke him , but Neil tried to say something to the owner of the legs .
tr	I	A long , slender sword hung at her side , and sleek black boots rose almost to her knees .
tr	I	She worried about her inexperience , and she wanted to please him .
tr	I	I said it loud and I knew what I should say .
tr	O	Their home was almost exactly west of the town , but they headed for the north gate .
tr	I	For now she had next to no money , but she would be paid well by Ms. Beaumont .
tr	I	It is potent , but it isn 't flashy .
tr	I	Then walked as quietly as I could to the end of the aisle , turning toward the noise , and I took a breath .
tr	O	I 'll give you that , and no , I wasn 't .
tr	O	I agreed with you before because you wanted to plan the wedding with our mothers , but this is no longer only about you .
tr	O	The answer shouted from the back of his mind , but he refused to hear it .
tr	I	I managed to squirrel him out while the bar were heaving without anyone noticing him gone , but he took a few punches .
tr	I	She gave a nod and Gavin caught her eye .
tr	O	I somewhat understood everything she said , but I knew I was missing why any of it was important .
tr	O	I want to keep busy and training was the most likely reason Mr. Irving would accept for me to get out of the office .
tr	O	Hannah screamed at the car and in response it came to life .
tr	I	Soon I would fall apart , and the pressure was building .
tr	O	After a few steps my hands stumbled across the loose floorboard and it pinched my palm as it squeaked .
tr	I	As I came closer , I realized it was Tyler , and the boy looked familiar .
tr	I	They started on the grim task of placing the skulls of the victims facing east in the house of the bones , and the sun was up .
tr	I	Three snipers were shooting into the crowd and there was chaos in the ballroom .
tr	O	Those breaths don 't work and I react .
tr	O	I was in love , or I thought I was .
tr	I	We can take them out at around the same time you go in , and the trucks certainly won 't leave before nightfall .
tr	I	This was way out of my depth , but I wished I could be more active .
tr	I	A soft breeze whispered across the back of her neck , and the scent of yellow mustard tickled Emma 's nose .
tr	I	It didn 't reach his eyes , but he gave a half smile .
tr	I	She was a mystery at the moment but normally he could read her pretty easily .
tr	O	She casually looked for the sheriff , but he was not there .
tr	O	Jack found himself wanting to comfort her , but his own grief was nearly unbearable .
tr	O	Everyone 's hearts broke for her , but no one knew what to say .
tr	I	A woman had died and when she 'd failed .
tr	I	I wondered if mine had the same effect on him , and the green of his eyes was as lovely as usual .
tr	I	It appears that someone also skimmed part of the shipment and somebody on our end tipped off the DEA .
tr	O	Ethan desperately needed the sleep that he wasn 't getting , and he required an entire pot of caffeine to make it to noon .
tr	O	I looked way up at him , but all I saw was my reflection .
tr	I	Each one made a grin spread a little wider across my face , and I spotted signs for al those treats .
tr	I	Now his gaze jerked sharply back to her , but he had been staring off into the jungle .
tr	I	I can tell when someone 's high , but you might think I 'm an idiot .
tr	O	His plot for revenge demanded secrecy , and we afforded it to him .
tr	I	I had to try , but I didn 't know .
tr	O	She goes by many names , but her sin remains the same .
tr	O	He hears the coldness in his voice , but this is a cold business .
tr	O	They played chess every Saturday , and Martin often worked with the priest in his garden .
tr	O	I was tempted to trash both of them but I opened up the one from my uncle .
tr	O	Colt flew my mother in to Kentucky and she stayed with me for two weeks .
tr	I	His tiny tongue licks out to explore the taste , and he attaches just below the protein slick on my sternum .
tr	O	Our breathing evened out and he lifted his head .
tr	O	The first one of the night directed at me , and it made my insides flip .
tr	O	When they returned Elizabeth ate the salad , and then they sat back to wait .
tr	O	Josef , of course , was the one that everyone should be afraid of , but he looked like the techie he was .
tr	I	The whole room became a chaotic scramble and suddenly shots sounded .
tr	I	She had only allowed it because she was her roommate , and Michelle had been the first person to call her that .
tr	O	From what I can gather she and Sky have never been on holiday .
tr	I	I was running out of time , and something in me was going to explode .
tr	O	I raised it high and the chant grew louder .
tr	O	You let go of an apple and it will fall .
tr	I	The best is yet to come , and being at Taft has been an awesome experience .
tr	O	Part of it was built into each of the smaller rooms but the main part was in the main room .
tr	O	Lea kept throwing jab after jab , but none of them seemed to work .
tr	O	These were definitely the smartest I 'd ever seen , and it was downright terrifying .
tr	O	My legs suddenly lost all their strength and I found myself leaning into Sulley for support .
tr	O	He scanned back along the timber the way he had come , but he saw no truck lights .
tr	I	For now , she could at least clean up the mess in the kitchen , but she didn 't know how she 'd ever repair that damage .
tr	O	Her solutions are childish , but her emotions are fervent .
tr	I	Joshua hands trailed across her breasts , and her bra fell to the floor .
tr	O	They waved for the others , and soon the entire group had exited the hole .
tr	O	You never said you were , but you think it .
tr	O	Salt foam formed , then dissipated , but the flow remained constant .
tr	I	As he turned , an arrow pierced his left shoulder , and he heard a swooping sound behind him .
tr	I	The shower curtain was printed with bug-eyed fish , maniacal octopi , and the dispenser was full of orange soap .
tr	O	Her heart skipped a beat at that thought , and she wasn 't sure what that meant .
tr	O	The voice said something else but the wind drowned it out .
tr	O	He could feel his neck tense and his heart beat in his chest .
tr	I	He was bouncing , and it was Brand .
tr	I	Sam breathed a sigh of relief , and the door opened .
tr	I	Her body went rigid in my arms before it began to shake underneath me , and Della cried out .
tr	O	I 've been with his pride since I was nineteen , and I 've never challenged him .
tr	O	There was a flicker of fear across her face , and she took a step back , away from him .
tr	O	He walked around the desk , and I turned around to face the new direction .
tr	O	I don 't know how to use these fiery bursts , but I have to learn .
tr	I	I don 't see Lacey right away , but I try to relax into it .
tr	O	Spencer 's nose itched , and she thought she smelled a cigarette smoldering somewhere close .
tr	I	We loved each other desperately and of course we became a couple .
tr	I	Still she did not really know what he wanted from her , and she had come face-to-face with him , the man they sought .
tr	I	With the adrenaline hangover ensuing , I felt nauseated , and I 'd had a long day .
tr	I	I just wanted to sleep and my head was pounding .
tr	O	My eyes widen and my chest freezes .
tr	O	To look at my mother 's bruises and to do something about it .
tr	O	He knew he 'd been looking for a challenge , but he was pretty sure it didn 't involve playing politics .
tr	O	The other character in the play originally did not have a name , and in the final text of the play his name is never said .
tr	O	The elevator opened and he stepped inside .
tr	I	Nobody wanted to continue along that particular line of questioning , and her tone left no room for argument .
tr	O	My chest grew tight , and I shook my head .
tr	I	His goal was a lingering death but Emily thinks Rand killed his mom for his inheritance .
tr	I	It 's perfectly natural , but it might scare you .
tr	I	It wasn 't worth the effort , but Buddy looked over the side of the cart .
tr	O	Max 's head snapped up , and he glared at her again .
tr	I	It opened whole new vistas to me , and his rueful admission made my morning complete .
tr	O	Andy swung him up , the look of fatherly pride gleaming in his eyes , but she made sure not to glance back .
tr	O	I saw that she had blood on her jacket , soaked through , and staining her fatigue pants down to the top of her left leg .
tr	O	My mouth opened , but no sound came out .
tr	I	These men were mercenaries , but she didn 't recognize their uniforms .
tr	I	She was finally going to make her big escape and she was so grateful that the cab was here .
tr	I	I see her pull her lip between her teeth to gnaw it anxiously and she glances away .
tr	I	Resolutely , she fought them down , but nerves rattled through her again .
tr	O	He gasped , but I didn 't turn around to see the cause of it .
tr	I	When he pressed her , she adamantly claimed she was doing well , and Hannah had chatted politely , trying not to be impatient .
tr	I	He listened for a while as two men argued and loud voices carried across the empty space .
tr	O	It was a hard job and I 'm glad I took no part in it .
tr	I	I scooted closer to her and she backed away from me .
tr	I	His ears felt plugged , and the room looked cloudy .
tr	I	I was working my way up as one of the managers and we were very profitable .
tr	O	A guard stands fifteen meters to my right , and another three are twenty meters to my left .
tr	O	She came by the other day with her father to Aunt Camille 's place , and she seems a very nice girl .
tr	I	A dark bruise showed and his shirt had torn .
tr	O	This was the power center of the world , and Dana could feel the electricity in the air .
tr	I	Once they ID them , they never forget , and they 'll kill them without a second thought .
tr	O	He shot the handle several times , and the door swung open .
tr	O	They didn 't come from the chimney , and yet the only thing there was the house .
tr	I	He fell , and it was a direct hit to the chest .
tr	O	I 'm his and he 's mine .
tr	O	The book plopped onto the bench and she skipped down to meet him .
tr	I	Amanda wasn 't finished , but lars started to speak .
tr	O	He didn 't know anything about Ivan , but he felt that the man probably didn 't deserve to die like he did .
tr	I	Thereafter , no present could ever live up to it , and it was the first birthday present I had ever got .
tr	I	Maybe they would open and I could leave them there next to her stone .
tr	I	Tidy while still sexy and his hair is styled in a way that looks neat .
tr	O	I asked the other gutter bums about him and they said I was talking about a ghost .
tr	I	I focused on maintaining an even breath , and my heartbeat suddenly shifted into triple time .
tr	O	I kept watching him , but if he had a theory , he kept it to himself .
tr	O	There was a gentle pressure on my leg from a tiny hand and I found myself wrenched back to consciousness .
tr	O	He was looking beyond Cole and me at an approaching figure .
tr	I	He was well off , but he wasn 't rich .
tr	O	George sensed the undercurrents of hostility from Thomas , and he decided to remain silent .
tr	I	Then I should have no memories of it , but maybe it had happened in a parallel world .
tr	I	Together they explored the passion that they 'd both tried so long to deny and she met his moves with her own .
tr	I	We always have fun during practice and she 's really a wonderful person .
tr	O	The comforter is drawn tight over the bed and a hundred microscopic pillows sit neatly arranged in rows .
tr	O	Her head shot up and her gaze met his .
tr	I	Every effort has been put in place by local enforcement division to find the child has soon as possible and the child is presumed lost .
tr	I	I think he might , but I don 't know if Luke understands Kayden 's full meaning .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure Vivian would cooperate , but he knew what he wanted to do .
tr	I	Mr Aoki beamed , and ' Delicious , ' he said .
tr	I	He could hear her hiss and he 'd seen the wraith .
tr	I	As we circled the island my mind wandered , and there is something refreshing about riding with the wind in your face .
tr	I	They may struggle and they may face trouble .
tr	I	I did what I thought was right , but I understand that he 's feeling betrayed .
tr	I	He stopped and his toes touched something .
tr	O	A smile erupted on his face and he shook his head .
tr	I	I could see the anguish in his expression , and he stopped then , struggling to find the right words .
tr	I	The smile on my face fades with the sound of one voice , but I lace my hand with hers .
tr	I	That just made it easier for him to slide his hand in , but I tried to shift away a tiny bit .
tr	O	Her smile dissipated , and she watched me intently with her vibrant green eyes .
tr	O	I waved back and Mel noticed .
tr	I	She would need to cover him to get him into the truck , but the windows in the camper were already blackened .
tr	I	The whole rare steak thing grossed me out big time , but I tried not to look , to make it obvious .
tr	O	You ain 't burying and you ain 't helping .
tr	I	The food didn 't seem to be stopping , but David was feeling full by the third course .
tr	O	The voice boomed and we all jumped a little .
tr	I	Clearly she didn 't because she took a step back in fear , but I hurried a glance to see if Hecate saw him as I did .
tr	I	He had spent the time daydreaming and there was actually little to do .
tr	I	She seemed to be in charge , but Steven grumbled to Penelope about it being against the rules .
tr	I	We don 't have the money but we know they need the money !
tr	O	With our plentiful weapons , we were always able to beat them back , but they kept coming .
tr	I	I really didn 't have a logical argument , but this didn 't make me feel much better .
tr	I	She has had a long day and we are just getting to know Angelina .
tr	I	She continued to think pretty loudly for the rest of the afternoon , but it might have been all she was saying .
tr	O	We hadn 't even begun and she already possessed all of my senses .
tr	I	There was no time for socializing and everyone was working long hours .
tr	I	The doors opened and the lift arrived .
tr	O	Bry took the lead , and we wordlessly tailed him .
tr	I	Neither was ruling out the possibility , but they were not yet in love .
tr	I	Alcide inquired after Jason , and I inquired after his dad while the server was puttering around .
tr	O	Doctor Crunch grabbed the fire extinguisher , but the hedgehogs charged , knocking her off her feet .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but many were staring at me .
tr	I	I was a bartender and I 'd met her in Dallas at a restaurant where she was a waitress .
tr	I	I laugh softly anyway , but I try to be sexy .
tr	O	He knew it was his turn , and I could sense his relief when another question came to him .
tr	O	She took it , and he helped her to her feet .
tr	I	The sound seemed to break his spell , and I snapped the phone shut .
tr	I	It looked like all of Jersey was burning , just like parts of New York , but they didn 't say .
tr	O	Jim had a reputation as a womanizer and he didn 't take rejection very well .
tr	O	She 'd expected him to resent her for leaving , like their mother did , but she sensed that he was glad she 'd escaped .
tr	I	The Plant operators still wore respirators , and they were recycling their own air !
tr	O	The ceiling was normal height and the room was full of a dozen working computers showing all sorts of readouts .
tr	O	Like every other day , I was visiting , but today was different .
tr	I	She remained calm , but Bile rose in her throat .
tr	O	Their guard will be down for the most part , and they will be expecting pleasant company , not attack .
tr	I	He couldn 't help himself from deepening the kiss and Fire spread its way through Dean .
tr	I	The Spartan had saved my life , but I 'd been so pissed at Logan for butting in .
tr	I	I chatted occasionally with Cricket , but Too intimidated to talk to her .
tr	I	Strands tumbled over her shoulder , shielding her from view , and her clip loosened .
tr	O	She started to follow Valeria , but Valeria started to throw jabs .
tr	I	His knuckles come flying toward my face , and then his arm swings back again .
tr	I	He kept reminding himself he 'd been here before , sweating blood while the jury fought , and Fitch had never lost one of these .
tr	I	He forced himself to slow his breathing and the idea of picking his way through a tangle of kelp by instruments alone dried his mouth .
tr	I	Rumours will emerge , eventually , in any army , but there was great secrecy about the subject of their discussions .
tr	I	She could make out the terrain and the trees took shape around her .
tr	O	Lexi sighed , and as soon as he lowered her hand , she turned in his arms .
tr	I	I knew he saw the girl from Destin , but he stared over my shoulder at the Porsche .
tr	I	The ache has dulled , but my chest feels hollow .
tr	I	It glittered and her skin was scaly .
tr	O	I had been so brave two seconds ago , but now I was a stammering mess .
tr	O	I shake my head hard , not sure I want to know , but he answers anyway .
tr	O	Darius looked surprised , as if I were asking him something foreign , but I wasn 't .
tr	O	He was such an elegant man , but his strength was astounding .
tr	I	I can see it in her eyes , as well , and I can hear in her voice that she is lucid .
tr	O	They 'd been this way before , many times , especially ten years ago , and yet something was different .
tr	O	His tone was completely nonchalant and I didn 't think he was faking it for my sake .
tr	I	I need to return the favor , and he 's always been kind to me .
tr	O	She looked different , but it was her .
tr	O	The noises of the night repeatedly startled him , and time moved more slowly than he thought possible .
tr	I	You 're the one I want , but you 're bigger than I was planning .
tr	I	Macey 'd known about a thousand boys before she 'd come here , but it was as if a virus had been injected into our school .
tr	I	She almost whimpered in relief and her gaze fluttered to his .
tr	I	Her thoughts were running rampant , but she tried to calm herself .
tr	I	My parents were happily married and I think she needed to lash out at someone .
tr	I	He stepped closer , but his smile widened .
tr	O	Some of the steam went out of me and I dropped into my seat .
tr	I	Now I pick it up , and the collar is on the counter where I left it before showering .
tr	O	The drop lasted a fraction of a second and he hit the ground with a satisfying crunch .
tr	O	Steven 's in Arizona , but he doesn 't need me .
tr	I	Gunther 's two-story home looked empty and the street was quiet .
tr	O	Searched through all the files , and she 'd found proof that her brother had been telling the truth about his mission to the Caribbean .
tr	O	Melissa Jarrod was a sweetheart , but she 'd never interested him .
tr	O	she roared , plainly aggravated , and he could have laughed with relief .
tr	O	Her arm was in a cast and her neck was in a collar so she couldn 't move it .
tr	I	He doubted his pants , and suddenly he felt a chill .
tr	O	Mary Ann followed Alain as he strode across the floor , but she couldn 't keep up .
tr	I	Her road had been bumpy from the very beginning , but it was a well-oiled system for most .
tr	I	He was staring back at me and I had locked eyes with him .
tr	O	The punch hit , and it looked like it caused damage because the opponent actually staggered back .
tr	O	I felt the energy of his will in the air like an electric charge ... but he wasn 't trying to dominate .
tr	I	Snoring hard , but that stubborn bunion wasn 't budging a bit .
tr	I	Stryker took my hand and she gave me a wink .
tr	O	He was clearly trying to make himself look more stable , but Devon wasn 't fooled .
tr	I	Alleging he 'd thought Jack was a renegade white supremacist , but he was admitting he 'd been present during Jack 's torture .
tr	I	He looked forward to the day , and he would tire of her eventually .
tr	O	It was weird and this had lasted so long now I was afraid of kissing him .
tr	I	God wills it to be so , but I never intended to leave you so soon .
tr	O	A black box rattled deep within my mind and I frowned a little , trying to lock away what I suspected about my father .
tr	I	She 'd seen him rip the heart from a master vampire , yet he sounded so deceptively gentle .
tr	O	She held out her hand to shake his , and he used their grip on each other to tug her against him .
tr	O	One more large berm stood before them , and then the undulations stopped abruptly .
tr	I	She caught sight of something then that made her freeze , but Esme started to ask .
tr	I	Counting her just pissed me off , and I 'd never felt such a strong attraction to a complete stranger - unless you counted Lisa .
tr	I	He tilted precariously and the eddy slowed .
tr	O	The diamonds were now secure in a safety deposit box in London , and all signs of Bob , his alter ego , had been eliminated .
tr	O	He held it nonchalantly at a rakish angle , and some of the weeds began to tumble out .
tr	I	She was only allowed to guide them so far , but she longed to show them the true path .
tr	I	Her father held her back , motioning for her to shush but Jacy looked as though she wanted to shout out .
tr	O	Alistair fooled everyone except the police , and we organised the sting .
tr	O	The baker 's doors opened , and the most delicious smell of fresh bread Elian had experienced in a long time came wafting out .
tr	O	He offered comfort from her shame , and she gladly accepted .
tr	O	He sometimes sounded like a stereotypical California surfer dude , but sometimes he sounded like any normal Midwesterner .
tr	O	The voice began when he was a teen but it came rarely then .
tr	O	Mutt glances over at me to see how far I am , but he needn 't bother .
tr	I	Zane went to dig in his backpack , and the buff wouldn 't go tight enough to do much good , though .
tr	I	Now her hand curled around his and Linda glanced at Kip .
tr	I	She 'd gratefully let him cut in , but she hadn 't needed Mike 's help .
tr	I	The house looked dark and the blinds were closed .
tr	O	They rode hard , and within less than a half hour they came upon the Mexican troops approaching on the road from Laredo .
tr	I	His eyes were rebellious , but William 's stance was subdued .
tr	O	Black helps me disappear , and I don 't want to be seen right now .
tr	O	The waters here were calmer , and the environmental threats less severe .
tr	O	Today was a draining day ... and by draining , I don 't simply mean the emotional kind .
tr	O	he said , but he wasn 't sure he really wanted to know .
tr	I	Also I could not find where that they originated from , and the Creator has refused to disclose anything about them .
tr	O	Sporadic fire from the Human fleet kept the enemy 's shield up but no progress was being made .
tr	O	Her mouth was dry and her voice sounded far away to her own ears .
tr	O	His gaze shifted back to Adele and he found he derived great enjoyment from watching her .
tr	I	I almost had to jog to keep pace and it took two of my strides for every one of the Admiral 's .
tr	I	She was relieved , and the doorbell rang .
tr	I	She was sure it was for different reasons , but she knew why she loved diners .
tr	O	I saw Gail getting the bag out of the car and that 's when I noticed the out of state tag .
tr	O	It was the first one Haruki and I had shared since before summer .
tr	O	He 'd have to make it worth her while , but the thought of offering her money made his stomach churn .
tr	O	The room was too small for a staff battle and he didn 't wanted to hurt his mother , no matter what she had become .
tr	I	The group stepped into an apartment and another door opened .
tr	O	Julie was nervous about leaving the car unattended for minutes that might stretch into hours , but when Pete took her hand , her nerves were calmed .
tr	O	Alaric rolled them both to the side so that his weight was off her but she was still clasped tightly to his body .
tr	I	She wondered whether she could run even if she had to , and Exhaustion dragged at her .
tr	I	I had no doubts as to what he was thinking about , and he 'd pressed his groin against me .
tr	I	We have to move on , and you don 't need my input for that .
tr	O	Luke had been my best friend for years , yet I felt so distant from him .
tr	O	The whole structure began to wobble and I moved like I were sparked .
tr	O	We have the spider in our possession and it 's locked securely in the vault .
tr	I	Before I knew it we were already fifteen songs deep and the night flashed by .
tr	O	Finally glancing into my eyes , he walked over , and his body hovered over mine .
tr	O	You don 't know it , but you saved me ... twice .
tr	O	We went swimming , but my heart wasn 't in it .
tr	I	Indignation made my words sound accusatory , but I felt like I should apologize .
tr	I	I had brought his father back into his life , but there were no material things I could give him .
tr	I	The snow seeped through my sneakers , and my face stung from the cold .
tr	O	She 's staring at me like she was waiting for some kind of an answer but all I could give her were blank stares .
tr	I	He propped it open and the hood popped up .
tr	O	Maybe I should be worried that it will melt my brain at some point , but I trust him .
tr	O	Already the area had been cleared , and old-fashioned brickwork was setting hard in the ground .
tr	O	The casket was lowered into the ground and everybody dropped flowers in shortly after it was completely submerged .
tr	O	Edwin set off after Maddy , but a hand grabbed his shoulder .
tr	O	His erection dug into my hip and I felt a leap of excitement .
tr	I	He felt proud of their achievements and this was true .
tr	I	He expected one for tomorrow and he sounded suspicious , like he was afraid I was making up an excuse about tonight .
tr	I	It was magical and I watched the twenties roar .
tr	O	She stood with her back to him , but at his words , she whirled around .
tr	O	Her feet were wide apart and her head was up .
tr	O	Aster was killed , and Franny had her life ruined , just for being nice to me .
tr	O	A muscle flexed in Clay 's cheek , but Kennedy wasn 't about to back off .
tr	I	He was third in line and a single cashier was available .
tr	I	The Regent only smiled back towards Ben , but the comment brought a glare from Matthew .
tr	O	I demanded and he laughed some more .
tr	O	I 'm your Protector , and this is the best way to protect you .
tr	I	I really felt quite uncomfortable at this point and he asked about you .
tr	I	It drove me mad with desire , and her touch was cautious at first .
tr	O	I keep telling her that she can take them one at a time , but she insists on having all of them at once .
tr	I	I watch her weave between the tables , and Lori directs her toward the hallway back by the kitchens .
tr	O	Lightning flashed again , closer this time , and thunder crashed like a cannon .
tr	O	Don 't just have yes people on your team , or it 's as bad as having instigators on it .
tr	I	The other two spend their entire lives trying to be perfect , and two of them want nothing more than for you to love them .
tr	I	A lie soiled his tongue and a ring sat in his pocket .
tr	I	The car jolted into motion and the garage door opened automatically .
tr	I	Jason wondered whether the creature might be waiting for something , and the tentacles ' thumps eased , too , behind them .
tr	I	The world is perfect feeling that acts as an opiate on the nervous system and a nothing can upset me .
tr	I	Her hand falls from my face and that makes me jerk back .
tr	I	Justin noticed it and it made my breath hitch unexpectedly .
tr	I	My thoughts jumped immediately to the Cullens , and he looked at me with knowing eyes .
tr	O	Cable asked a dangerous question , and he got by with it .
tr	O	She 'd thought about his bedroom , and now that had him imagining her there .
tr	I	Sweeping her off her feet carried her up the path to a door he hadn 't recognised either and Johnny had leapt out .
tr	I	I hate bullies and I hate evil .
tr	O	Larry had it and he was with the rest of the thieves .
tr	I	After a while I was able to get my emotions under control , but I allowed myself to have a good cry .
tr	I	He did not seem troublesome , and she had the faculty of making quick judgments , of course .
tr	I	He 'd been able to disarm her and she 'd pulled a knife on Jess .
tr	O	Amy told several of her friends at school about the classes , and three of them also signed up .
tr	O	They had taken our families away from us , and now it was time for pay back .
tr	I	He wondered if he 'd time for a trim , and his office was above a hairdressers shop .
tr	I	Already he was using tools like a pro and he liked small spaces .
tr	O	Fitz Maurice had decided to continue on through the night but it was necessary to wait for the moon to rise .
tr	O	She 'd stayed at home that night only because she was sick and her mother had refused to let her out of bed .
tr	O	The door closed and the hallway became quiet .
tr	I	He just looked at me but I said I was sorry .
tr	I	Nothing had ever been this violent , but I 'd been in a few fights myself .
tr	O	I 'll be watching through the doorway , but you can stand far enough away so you can have some privacy .
tr	I	I felt relief flood through my body , and she kissed me with passion .
tr	I	I can speak for myself , but I won 't argue that .
tr	I	The pull was strong and he stared at her now with those seductive eyes .
tr	O	Nothing was better when camping and s 'm ores .
tr	I	She could see his left shoulder sag , beginning to lose human shape , and Nick shifted .
tr	O	She 'd need to find Jeff to tell him that their plan was done and he didn 't have to draw fire for her anymore .
tr	O	They were the tears of a mortal but they were still precious .
tr	O	He lifted an eyebrow but his eyes gleamed devilishly .
tr	O	I disobeyed my common sense though and I entered the house .
tr	O	Dreamer took the number , but she didn 't use it .
tr	O	His dragon bucked him off , and he flew through the air .
tr	I	I was , yet I am not a person to be so easily led .
tr	I	I saw blood shimmering in the starlight on the corner of her mouth , and then she started to cough .
tr	O	Izzie covered her mouth , looking terrified , and Kira stood there , a blank expression on her face .
tr	I	The two of us will sort it out , and Trust me with the burden you 're carrying .
tr	I	He 'd just finished practice , and I was in my room doing homework .
tr	I	She didn 't react , but he touched her shoulder .
tr	I	You are not and I am human .
tr	O	His whole body was shaking now and the sweat was running cold down his back .
tr	I	Then the smile dropped as an image of Anabel 's angry face appeared from the mists of his inebriated mind , but he smiled again .
tr	I	It was not that and she knew how good it could be .
tr	O	Most places in Evergreen were , but the darkness outside the car lights was definitely at fault for so many kids running into the barbed wire fence .
tr	O	A million ideas came to mind , but there was only one that screaming at me .
tr	I	She had been falling in love with one of their greatest enemies , and they had been willing to die for her .
tr	O	My words were barely above a whisper but she flinched all the same .
tr	O	He normally slept nak * d at home , but he 'd brought pajama bottoms to wear here .
tr	O	Claire didn 't know much about her , but she supposed that was a good thing .
tr	I	Charlie yelped and Frank put downward pressure on his strappy red heel .
tr	I	It didn 't , but the comfort of him in her head should have felt awkward .
tr	O	Mother remained strangely quiet and they walked along at a snail 's pace in total silence .
tr	O	He returned to the surface and Jenny handed him the mallet .
tr	I	She took a shallow breath , and some of the tightness eased .
tr	I	The blonde was enjoying her shock and she stared up at the guy as if he were a ghost .
tr	O	It blew the paper guy away and many of us fell over .
tr	I	To handle an hour of deep fighting stance on my first day of practice , but I knew I was in decent physical shape !
tr	O	Tessa had known he was the top gun , but now she knew why .
tr	I	She went outside and Riya obeyed .
tr	O	She shivered and I couldn 't help myself anymore .
tr	O	Chase started stripping his shorts off and Willow ducked her head just in time to not see his nakedness .
tr	O	We are so close to the finish line , but there are still so many ways to fail .
tr	O	She felt badly that she hadn 't remembered it , and she felt sorry that Mike had .
tr	O	John wanted to stay longer with Matthew but he had to hurry back to work .
tr	I	He plows on , but I want to say that I 've been a very good boy , more than he knows .
tr	O	Ellie saw tears welling up in Emma 's eyes , but the woman refused to let them fall .
tr	O	She 's going to fill in for me and she 'll sign in with her own password .
tr	O	She always had your back in every life-and-death situation , and she traveled with a first-aid kit in her purse .
tr	O	I 'd never heard of it , but the quirky name sounded like some sort of small town .
tr	O	He switched on his camera before Patrick had a chance to pick up his mic but it was evident that he was filming the bakery .
tr	O	The sound is like raindrops , and when the marbles hit , they sting .
tr	O	I never wanted it to end ... But of course , nothing lasts forever .
tr	I	Ant didn 't know that , but he wasn 't the one who had benefited from the kill Ant carried out .
tr	O	I had been dying to know what was said , but I figured I 'd have to wait until later .
tr	I	For that , Bob was most appreciative and Peggy 's talents extended into the bedroom .
tr	O	I don 't know what I 'm going to do , but somehow , I 'll get through tonight .
tr	O	It was very easy for a woman to read the signs , and usually they were not far off the mark .
tr	I	We are impoverished , and I am exhausted !
tr	I	It was too late , but the governess screamed .
tr	O	I said nothing , wondering if that meant Vlad was coming , or I was waiting to be escorted out by someone else .
tr	O	There was a fair amount of lust on my part , and I 'd grown closer to him since his return to Seattle .
tr	I	This dream was only one of them , and she had many nightmares ahead to endure .
tr	I	She slowed her pace , staring and her giggle filtered back to Teagan .
tr	I	Suzy was powerless to turn away and Gray studied her intently for a few moments .
tr	I	Her arms slid up from his chest to his neck , pulling herself closer to him and she whimpered with increased need .
tr	I	I forgot about pacing myself , and it sent my taste buds dancing .
tr	O	I 'd never been really big on eating meat , but there was no denying how succulent the steak was .
tr	I	She blinked them back and tears stung her eyes .
tr	I	I wondered if I was doing the right thing and I looked away quickly .
tr	O	Now they were them and he was himself .
tr	I	Ahead Jared could see a building that looked very old and there were less people by now .
tr	O	A shadow grew above her , but she didn 't move .
tr	I	He 'd put a stop to it and last night , he 'd had a chance to let things escalate between them .
tr	I	Paris gave her the moment to compose herself , but she hesitated , an unusual thing for her .
tr	O	She slept like the grave that night and every night he had been with her .
tr	O	His tone was soft , but it was also firm .
tr	I	Claire could tell he wasn 't quite up to outright telling Kim no , and Shane 's excuse had just vanished .
tr	O	It 's a maze , and I 'm hopelessly lost , just as I was when Doc found our way in .
tr	I	She knew he 'd folded his arms and his broad shoulders were curved slightly forward .
tr	O	The bathroom door opened slowly and Taylor walked out first .
tr	O	My eyes darted around the room , looking for something , but I didn 't know what .
tr	I	They liked him , which had drawn her helpless attention even more , and he was comfortable with the big animals .
tr	I	Shotgun shook it , and she held out her hand .
tr	O	I tingled with excitement , and the feeling of ecstasy overcame me .
tr	I	She sighed as she massaged her fingers at the back of my scalp and her hands loosened .
tr	O	She wanted to go with Franco , but Candace needed her .
tr	I	He really did but Joe pretended not to understand .
tr	I	She was out shopping with her mother , but I wanted to shoot a look at Bev .
tr	O	Unfortunately it had all gone to hell as things tend to in our world and the kid had gotten hurt bad .
tr	I	She ignored him as she reached her favorite place on his body , but he asked .
tr	O	Her sudden change of tone had Marcus bewildered and he stepped back , releasing her arm .
tr	O	He didn 't quite beg , but then he was the King .
tr	O	I could see one of the entrances from where I stood , but I wasn 't sure if it led into the beer garden .
tr	O	I knew we were headed in that direction and I didn 't want to cheat on you .
tr	I	I 'll keep it brief , but no , it can 't .
tr	O	I thought he was going to stop when he got to the top of the back of my leg but he didn 't .
tr	I	It 's true but I know this sounds stupid .
tr	I	The lack of fresh air had taken its toll on Tasha , but the first couple of feet went well .
tr	O	Ruth knows that I am lying , but she pretends to believe me , chattering on with a forced insouciance .
tr	O	I 'm almost outside ... but it 's not too late to turn back .
tr	I	Her tits were spilling out everywhere , and she had it damn near unbuttoned .
tr	O	A chauffer holds the car 's rear door open , and the woman gracefully slips into its luxuriously upholstered seats .
tr	O	His hand flattened on her stomach , and he stroked her as he whispered rough words of desire against her throat .
tr	O	He hadn 't anticipated saying those words , but he had no choice .
tr	I	Dmitri with his arms crossed above his head , motioning for silence and from behind the doctor Maya saw Nicolas put a finger to his lips .
tr	O	His hand lightly pressed to the small of my back , and I turned .
tr	I	She was searching for reasons , but Mia was happy about it .
tr	O	She tried to get up , but he held her hand firm .
tr	O	Nodding , I agreed to his brilliant suggestion , and he fished out his iPhone to call Elliot .
tr	I	She wasn 't , but maybe Zoe should be dead .
tr	O	CHAPTER 67 As night became day the remodelled streetscape emerged and residents looked around themselves in dazed bemusement .
tr	I	He interrupted , but I began to thank the sergeant .
tr	I	The men got a couple days hard labor , or the cars broke down .
tr	O	They could still talk , but in his experience they usually didn 't want to .
tr	I	Hot flushes ran down my cheeks , and he kissed me .
tr	I	It 's too dark , but I pitch my head down , trying to get a look at the ground beneath me .
tr	I	I find the disappointment almost too keen to bear , but it shouldn 't hurt me that you are betrothed .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to argue but Pris hit me across the chest .
tr	I	I turned my head slightly to whisper to him , and I could feel his breath heavy against my neck .
tr	I	That meant I had to trust him , too , and I trusted her .
tr	O	Only leopards don 't cry , and his were brimming with tears .
tr	O	Fear flashed across the Rowan citizens ' faces , and they sprang into action .
tr	I	He starts to slump to the ground , and instead , I yank my knife out .
tr	I	He wouldn 't have been drinking , or there wasn 't really any need to man the bridge .
tr	I	The air around her did , but she didn 't get smaller .
tr	O	Her voice was urgent and her mannerism said she was desperate .
tr	O	It was a house , but it wasn 't .
tr	O	I wanted to stay , but my hands were tied .
tr	O	He hated asking this of her , but he didn 't see any other choice .
tr	I	He had done everything and she had done nothing to cause a break-up .
tr	I	Artists weren 't the most socially adept creatures in the world , and Xavier was an artiste , after all .
tr	I	The silence thick , and the long hallway beyond was shadowed .
tr	I	He was in a kind of daze now and going ' cold turkey ' was churning his stomach inside out .
tr	I	He couldn 't find the right things to say but Dan tried to talk to God .
tr	O	They arrested most of them , but when the operation seemed to be ending with a complete success , the few still free vanished .
tr	O	They instantly felt the peace of God come into their bodies and they fell instantly in love .
tr	I	His gaze went straight to her , and Derek walked into the dining room .
tr	I	He didn 't want to sit on the fire escape all night either , but Luis didn 't want to wake him .
tr	O	Your genes are still damaged , but you have a genetic anomaly that allows you to be aware during simulations anyway .
tr	O	They would work it out and I wasn 't sure what I was going to do yet .
tr	O	I could choose to focus on the loss or I could focus on the memories left behind by both of my parents .
tr	I	She did it in fifteen minutes and the trip home to the Stanley 's house was mostly downhill .
tr	I	I pulled him towards me and Jared 's eyes lit up .
tr	I	He took several steps back , slamming into a lab table , and Bishop 's eyes widened .
tr	I	I knew not everyone would , but Maddox had eaten this up .
tr	O	Marissa doesn 't participate in any of the stories , and she avoids any conversation with Abe altogether .
tr	I	She didn 't argue , but Maxie 's face fell .
tr	O	Her hands reached out over the table for mine , and needing the comfort , I reached back for her .
tr	I	He clearly didn 't believe me , but I tried to downplay the near impossibility of breaking into the St. Louis facility .
tr	I	For some reason she needed it confirmed , but in her heart she already knew the answer .
tr	I	As yet he had no plans for what he would do when they arrived at their destination , but his driver would take him to the girl .
tr	I	For the first time I see his eyes light up , wide like beautiful flames as he smiles , and his brows narrow in on me .
tr	I	On the northbound bus he became aware of Amy looking at him but * * * Danny didn 't remember the tube journey .
tr	O	Tanner gripped the inspector 's hand , and Kathleen had to give Randall credit .
tr	O	Dad was able to protect us , but not before my mother was shot .
tr	O	Jake needed to find out what was going on here and this big fella may well have his answers .
tr	O	She leant back against the door frame , half afraid it would disappear , but it was solid .
tr	I	If he didn 't sort it out quickly , it would look bad on him , and Nigel couldn 't rely on him to wrap it up .
tr	I	He couldn 't have lifted her out , or he was strong , too .
tr	O	Liv asked , and her body flickered translucent again , a good sign that she was the closest to being immune to the problem .
tr	O	She still stayed silent for a moment and I noticed she was gripping a small crimson notebook .
tr	O	His eyebrows peaked and he stopped several feet in front of me .
tr	O	I would meet my doom and Troy would fall .
tr	O	She needed an out , and she needed it now .
tr	O	The minister didn 't have any more bombshells to drop , and the meeting was clearly winding down .
tr	I	The door didn 't yield ... But she pulled the handle .
tr	I	My guards told me you were out driving and you didn 't ask to leave the palace .
tr	I	He stroked his fingers through my hair and I leaned my head against his chest .
tr	O	One bird flew past , close to my head , and I felt the little puff of air from its wings .
tr	O	The firm 's security specialists were already working on it , but they apparently didn 't have high hopes of finding any answers soon .
tr	I	I was going to have to tell him where to go , and I expected a lecture .
tr	I	She half expected to fall and her shoes were slippery on the ice .
tr	I	They don 't know anything about his death , and now suddenly he was just a local man .
tr	I	I can 't kiss you now , and I couldn 't kiss you then .
tr	I	Sand trapped inside abraded her skin like sandpaper , and ants crawled underneath the metal , stinging relentlessly .
tr	I	No one was around , but I rushed from room to room .
tr	I	His bruises were beginning to fade and he had slept for two days .
tr	I	This time I clearly recognized it as fear , but a shiver once again traveled up my back .
tr	I	She abruptly turned and she felt her mother 's hand on her shoulder .
tr	O	He had asked Sherry to be his wife and she accepted without hesitation .
tr	O	She loved San Francisco , and living in the hills overlooking the beautiful city was a treasure she never tired of .
tr	O	I looked like a Stargazer , but I acted like a human .
tr	I	It won 't last , but he believes it 's a good idea with his brain .
tr	I	It was incredible to watch and he was like a god when he played .
tr	I	He was certainly doing that ... too successfully and he 'd said he 'd warm her .
tr	I	I could see they were wet , slick with my desire , and he slid his fingers from me .
tr	O	I can talk tough , but when it all comes down to it he 's a really big guy who could easily hurt me .
tr	O	Around the back of the van the group gathered and Quinn got into his brief .
tr	O	Now he thought she was nuts , and he 'd never loved her .
tr	O	This was going to be mortifying , but I couldn 't do anything about it now .
tr	O	He smiled at her sudden attack and she felt pride .
tr	I	Even though I was dressed warmly I shivered as the little diesel chugged along in the dark and the September night was unusually chilly .
tr	I	She never missed and Adam Barrie fell into a locked position on her radar .
tr	I	That makes no sense , but once again I feel as if I got a glimpse of some strange , shared distant memory longing to be recalled .
tr	I	He kicks his legs like a mad man and mom holds him out in front of her .
tr	I	I catch him eyeing us a few times through the rearview mirror , and he 's an older man .
tr	I	It 's already been disconnected , and we called that number back .
tr	I	It 's also supposed to be fun , but I know .
tr	O	That wasn 't completely true , but I let you believe it .
tr	O	Damn , and he 'd been a dumbass .
tr	O	The front door to the chapel was wide open and light streamed from it .
tr	I	He is gone and he eyes us one more time before Anthony opens the door .
tr	I	She welcomed them into her home and they asked if they could stay .
tr	O	The darkness swayed a little as I spun , and my stomach lurched .
tr	I	Sophia nodded at the old priest and Father Quinn approached .
tr	O	The waited for the perfect moment to attack , and the moment came when Lea decided to slide through an alley .
tr	I	The children spent hours playing there , and the water by the shore was warm now .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure how to stop that , and it seemed that the most innocent conversation between them was going to have mixed overtones .
tr	I	At least I knew what to expect , but it sucks .
tr	I	The gulf between them was too great , but the pain in his eyes made her want to reach out to him , to touch him .
tr	I	The spaghetti straps were also dotted with tiny , sparkling crystals , and Swarovski crystals sprinkled like raindrops from the waist to the hem .
tr	I	They both agreed that it was much safer for everyone to stay put , and she also spoke with Kylie 's mom , Kristie .
tr	I	She was still a little ticked about my attitude at the club , but any other weekend , Kelsey might have forced me into an outing .
tr	I	He 'd already released their names to the media and three of Winkler 's security guards had been killed .
tr	O	* * * Julie Finch sat in her history class and tried to organize her notes .
tr	O	I use my hands to drum on my knees instead , and it 's totally not the same thing .
tr	I	I wrenched myself out of his grasp and Bennett kissed me hard again .
tr	I	Held on , and she immediately flung her arms around his waist , not caring he was a stranger .
tr	O	I know he wants to , but it 's not safe here .
tr	I	When he spoke , his voice was muffled by his thickening canine teeth , and his ears had grown pointed .
tr	O	She looked up and her eyes widened a little .
tr	O	Sasha smiled , but the movement hurt her entire face .
tr	O	I didn 't care about my own life , but I felt a tiny tug of loyalty toward Violet , who was now off with Samuel somewhere .
tr	I	Neither was the taste of their milk , and the exact cause is not known to us , for their flesh was not pleasant to the palette .
tr	I	If his adrenaline was pumping like hers she doubted he would , but he didn 't act as though he 'd been injured .
tr	O	I knew I wouldn 't stop loving you , but I was wrong to doubt you , wrong to think that your feelings would change .
tr	O	It made my heart lurch , but I let him go .
tr	I	I want to help you , and I 'm here with you .
tr	I	I began trotting toward the car and Sensation came back into my legs .
tr	I	We moved silently , with only the waves to whisper its company to us , and I couldn 't think of anything to say .
tr	I	Eventually even the strongest person needed to let someone else carry the burden for a while , but she was strong .
tr	O	He pul ed out his arm , and Kylie expected to see a bouquet of some inexpensive flowers .
tr	I	He communicates by writing , and Logan is deaf .
tr	I	It was Charles who spoke , but as one , they nodded .
tr	O	Her eyes met his , and they were full of worry .
tr	I	The tension in the room made me emotional y tired as wel , and my body was just starting to feel the beginnings of fatigue .
tr	I	No one even notices , but Ted utters some pretty choice expletives after that .
tr	I	Wanting me dead and we need more information than me being a threat .
tr	I	Violetta 's eyes looked to me and he squeezed her face harder .
tr	O	He still avoided looking at Zoey , and she felt ashamed again .
tr	I	The sight chilled her , and he smiled then .
tr	O	Now everything was out in the open and he hadn 't been the one to tell her .
tr	I	Her feet felt like they were frozen to the ground , but Haven knew she would cry if she stayed in that room a moment longer .
tr	I	Then she had definitely retaliated , but he 'd done Myst wrong .
tr	I	It deepened my first infatuation and this had never happened to me before .
tr	I	A more powerful signal could drown a weaker one or I would have to sweep the entire area carefully .
tr	I	She preferred their company now , but she was alone with them .
tr	I	She was wobbling all over and she had the slush in the other hand .
tr	O	She took a night job as a waitress so that she could watch us during the day and Aunt Teresa could watch us at night .
tr	O	I go through my first classes hoping to be in a class with Benjamin , but I 'm out of luck .
tr	I	There was comparative peace too , but true there were the many wars .
tr	I	She could vaguely sense the level fields that spread themselves below , and at last the roadway dipped in front of her .
tr	O	Summer pointed out the pudding and he wiped it off .
tr	O	She was fighting it , but eventually a triumphant grin stretched across her face .
tr	O	They 'd already been here too long and it was making her twitch .
tr	I	The girl 's eagerly followed his every move , and the boys were still slightly wary of him .
tr	O	There were cost-saving options , such as decreasing orders , but I didn 't want to do this .
tr	O	Words wouldn 't come , and neither would her breath .
tr	I	He really didn 't go into detail , but he said he can help us get out of here .
tr	O	I turned to leave , but he caught my hand .
tr	I	He noted how good she smelled , and Steve gave her a shiny glass bulb .
tr	O	He needed to feed and he wanted no further interruptions .
tr	O	Nexus was troubled by the occasional white , fluffy cloud but it was a beautiful day with no sign of change .
tr	O	The weapon clattered to the ground , but I could hear the metal murmuring , this time with pride .
tr	I	My mind was elsewhere , but the food tasted good .
tr	O	Jared 's hand squeezed tighter , and all color left his face .
tr	I	Now , for the first time , I know that my visions were all real , and I didn 't know what was going on .
tr	I	He had a suspicious feeling about it , yet the terrain further away seemed the same .
tr	I	No one seemed to notice , but the car rushed onward at top speed , driverless .
tr	O	If all goes as planned , I may soon have the privilege of seeing the Honorable Judge Slater , and it will be on my terms .
tr	I	It was like the scene had rewound right back to the beginning and Charlie caught it one-handed .
tr	O	She wasn 't running anymore , and that should have been good enough .
tr	I	I knew I couldn 't do that , but I want to tell her nothing , because I 'm a coward .
tr	I	He knew it and he was trapped .
tr	O	I 've met countless mortals , and while some of them aren 't exactly savory , she doesn 't deserve to be executed .
tr	I	Lucy 's strict parents were a whole other story , but I knew my mom wouldn 't mind Lucy staying over on a Sunday .
tr	I	He kisses the oxygen out of my lungs , and I open my mouth , letting him in .
tr	I	Her sharp eyes remained focused on Skye , but Ms. Loos pretended to be talking to the whole class .
tr	I	Those standing around them wouldn 't know that , but Linda had nothing to do with the observatory .
tr	O	They wore fierce scowls , and it dimly registered that two of them bore a striking resemblance to her warrior .
tr	I	It wasn 't from the whiskey and the world seemed unreal to her at the moment .
tr	I	I imagine us as Legos , and our friends say we fit .
tr	I	Plaintiff 's counsel had reached an agreement in principle to settle and my understanding is Noah .
tr	I	It was not a happy thought and he began to think of himself , as being maybe the loneliest traveller in the city !
tr	I	I was overtaken by a haze of red and he had just brought them to reality .
tr	O	Every one of us has power of a sort , and power is power .
tr	I	He had to pay for it and Death had already broken the rules .
tr	I	There were too many , but the zombies dropped like flies .
tr	I	It still made me sick to my stomach , but I knew that killing them was the only answer .
tr	O	I stared at my parents in front of me and I saw Tarquin running towards them excitedly .
tr	I	Mo slowly shook his head , but Lee slowly began to reach for his knife .
tr	I	Francesca wanted to believe him , and Jonah had considered it unlikely .
tr	O	For a few seconds , I watch as he eyes his rearview mirror , but nobody seems to be following .
tr	I	I was gone , and she touched me .
tr	O	I allowed myself to peek up at him every few minutes and every time he looked like he was deep in thought .
tr	I	Robert requested champagne , and they ordered their meals .
tr	I	Her sister remained staring into space but Lauren glanced over .
tr	O	The man shook his hands and the bones cracked as they reconnected .
tr	O	He had tried to talk to her about it , but she was still pretty sensitive about the whole subject .
tr	O	The soil was dark with nutrients , and a good size pile of rocks was off to the side .
tr	I	Liza knew the snake was about to strike , and a dark forked tongue flickered dangerously in its mouth .
tr	I	Maybe they 'd all been too little , but there were so many little things she 'd done .
tr	I	She couldn 't see him clearly , but she squinted her eyes .
tr	O	It sounded like small game , but he wasn 't going to play around .
tr	O	I begged my mom to home school me , but I knew she would never give up work to do so .
tr	O	He was still trying to sort it out when he climbed into bed that night , but he didn 't have long to dwell on it .
tr	I	He was pressing me gently forward , and he had slipped his arm around me , under the lute .
tr	O	Mr. Martin still looked agitated but he seemed to accept it .
tr	O	She heard a squeak , and the rat 's pink nose poked out from beneath the bar .
tr	O	I don 't know what John was looking for , but if he left the room like this he must have found it .
tr	I	Instead she spoke loudly , confidently , but Julia expected her voice to come out trembling .
tr	I	I had long since developed the ability to banish while fighting , and one-on-one combat I could handle .
tr	I	His remaining money stretched more easily , and Portsmouth was much cheaper than London .
tr	O	she cried , but it was only in her head .
tr	I	Kellan grinned sarcastically and my mouth dropped open .
tr	O	Only his squished little face was visible now , but at least he looked contented .
tr	I	He realized she 'd meant every word and his mind ran through their earlier banter .
tr	I	She assumed I was and I hadn 't even told her that I wanted to take ownership .
tr	I	I silently let out a groan as my beast reminded me that I hadn 't fed yet , and the scent of blood filled the air .
tr	I	They didn 't belong to a child , but the eyes looking at him were amused .
tr	O	His face reddened , and his nostrils flared .
tr	I	A metal gate rose , and there was a clang .
tr	I	Claudia had disappeared with Zach , leaving me on the corner of their massive L-shaped couch with Aaron and it was a good few hours later .
tr	O	Normally , Ali would have said yes , but something about riding a merry-go-round with Nick seemed kind of fun .
tr	I	They went to supper and Joe picked her up .
tr	I	My connection to the Otherworld had shattered with the glass , but my sense of self-preservation kept me moving through the pain .
tr	O	The sound was bad , and the tape was grainy .
tr	O	Candles provided a soft , golden light , and it all seemed very comfortable .
tr	I	They knew she was two years older , but the girl was slightly smaller than Christy .
tr	I	It was the best surprise of their lives , but love had caught them unawares .
tr	I	The current was strong and the river was brown .
tr	I	His heavy breathing grew louder , and his footsteps pounded behind her .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to be bought that easily , but I took the paper .
tr	I	She guessed that would never change and she 'd always been a loner .
tr	I	That was freaky ... and I could just understand them .
tr	O	I did a lot of the work , but I was mainly following the directions of the one who designed the meal .
tr	O	I closed my eyes as well and I did hear something .
tr	I	It was coming straight for us , and I had two seconds to realize that no one was going to be able to catch it .
tr	I	His nose suddenly repelled at the animal stench coming from the cell and Jacobs stepped closer .
tr	O	Sydney had her weapon out now , too , and she flanked them .
tr	I	She still didn 't react but he was already shaking her .
tr	I	She just knew , but she didn 't know how .
tr	I	Dmitri had his face turned away , holding the tip of his cap and Nicolas kept his head down .
tr	O	She shook her head as she opened the car door , but I stopped her .
tr	O	It was so small , so simple , yet it was so stunning that I could only stare .
tr	O	Maybe it was his superior senses , or just the need to be observant .
tr	O	A noxious , unexpected wind filtered through his clothes and he began to walk , rubbing his hands together .
tr	I	They 'll give up and people get tired of working for you .
tr	I	My mouth won 't listen but I try to say more .
tr	I	In the distance she could hear the noises from downstairs , and it was quiet in her room .
tr	I	I positioned myself in front of the line of humans and they swarmed toward us .
tr	O	All the air seems to whoosh from my lungs , and I slap my hand over my mouth .
tr	O	It didn 't take long for Lea 's name to be called , and before Lea could slid to the doctor , Julie asked .
tr	O	The wolves complied and I haven 't been able to contact anyone .
tr	O	We can 't die and we can 't let each other die .
tr	O	Maurice is a low down coward and cowards have the most to prove .
tr	O	She licked her lips and I wished I wasn 't stuck in the damn hospital bed .
tr	I	Trying to unwind in my living room and I 'm finally home from practice .
tr	I	Lately , he 'd only said no , and everyone always asked him to do it .
tr	O	She wanted to pace , but she controlled the impulse to a light tap of her fingers against her leg .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed as he surveyed the thicket , trying to find the speaker , but he didn 't answer .
tr	I	Instead the display showed an unknown number , but I fished it out , wondering if it was another message from Ethan .
tr	O	Again the door opened to a stairway , and again the stairs were only an illusion .
tr	I	I think she appreciates that , and we learned quickly enough .
tr	I	It was over by the time Adelaide surrendered , but the sound of swords clashing came from outside .
tr	I	He was all about the competition , but King didn 't particularly care for Scotch .
tr	I	I cut them short but everyone started to protest .
tr	I	He hadn 't heard it , but the door had crashed open .
tr	O	Reckless , Mom said , but I looked up to my big sister .
tr	O	Lizzie asked afraid to hear the answer but somehow sensing he needed to tell her .
tr	O	We climbed into his tiny twin bed and I nestled my back into his chest .
tr	I	His father stopped him , but Daniel drew back his fist .
tr	I	He was afraid of upsetting me but he wanted to comfort me .
tr	I	It was fantastic , and in I went .
tr	O	It took a lot of self-control , but I didn 't slam the door as I left .
tr	I	The guards must have been through this a thousand times , but the other riders raced around the temple in confusion , trying to get away .
tr	O	She 'd never admit it to a soul , but storms like these made her actually wish for land .
tr	O	It had only been a little more than a year but he thought about it more along the lines of ages .
tr	O	A man walked past and she watched him go .
tr	O	Sometimes she does not come home for days and she never tells me where she has been .
tr	I	He shrugs , and I say .
tr	O	One taste of her , and he 'd gone limp .
tr	I	My mind was suddenly flooded with questions , and his statement clicked my brain into gear .
tr	I	Her mouth is hanging open and her eyes are open wide .
tr	O	She told me about her golden years working in the E.R. and how the men use to think she was quite the catch .
tr	I	It seemed to indicate that she was feeling expansive , and I 'd seen her make the gesture before .
tr	O	I could hear him pacing behind me and when he began to talk again , the sound of his voice startled me .
tr	O	I giggled , but it was weak .
tr	O	One of my girls I still didn 't recognize , but I could see she looked similar to her siblings .
tr	I	She saw the rope that that had been bound about her wrists , and her eyes darted about the van .
tr	O	We missed lunch , and I 'm starving .
tr	I	I wasn 't finished yet , but he looked miserable .
tr	I	I hear Rags snorting as he decides what to make of Trick and I hear Trick speaking his soothing words .
tr	O	She was a scientist and she needed proof of his theory .
tr	O	I think he would have told me had I asked , but I never did .
tr	O	They looked in the kitchen and there was still no riddle .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to hide that fact from my grandfather , but the general public may not know about the Rogues ' existence .
tr	I	In an instant the enemy were amongst us and a pair of huge warriors leapt over the wall .
tr	I	Her gaze flew to his and A.J. 's mouth dropped open .
tr	I	Nate stopped me , but I went to jump in the front seat of the first Suburban I ran into .
tr	I	There was no choice , but he knew he was running a risk .
tr	O	Megan had asked him to stop by the house before he went home , and Troy had agreed .
tr	O	I planned to wrap them , but the illustrations caught my eye .
tr	O	The girl tugged the string behind her , twirling in a circle , and the two boys chased it , squealing with laughter .
tr	O	I opened my eyes , and a burst of flames sprang up outside the circle .
tr	I	In the end their differences had been greater than the attraction between them , but he 'd been fun .
tr	O	They find a cab , and Adam tells Tamar it 's time that he gets going home .
tr	I	My blood flow halts and Isaiah 's eyebrows draw together .
tr	O	He gave her a lazy , arrogant smile , but the unhappiness in his eyes ripped at her .
tr	I	She was about to become his sex slave for three months and Quin was going to pay off the ruinous debt .
tr	I	Harry said nothing further , but he waited .
tr	O	Her body started to tremble , and I held on tight as I jerked while filling the condom with my release .
tr	O	Then a change comes over his face , and he looks conspiratorial .
tr	I	Aeron noted his old friend remained a safe distance away , but he was standing inside the cell as he had yesterday .
tr	I	What , I cannot imagine , but his eyes were open seeing some things in his own mind .
tr	O	Her legs weakened and her heart raced .
tr	O	I backed away and we fell , together , Rita landing on my gut with both elbows .
tr	O	They 'd never been strongly religious , and maybe they 'd erred by not injecting more spiritual meaning into their lives .
tr	O	He hadn 't been around so many Christians since he was a kid , and the experience had been overwhelming .
tr	I	He gasped out her name , and Nicolae 's head fell back .
tr	I	Quickly they fought to wrestle the heavy Wright off from on top of them , and Silver screamed , as did the others .
tr	O	His movement had forced her thighs even wider , and he settled his hips in the notch .
tr	I	His fingers went inside of me , softly teasing me and he complied .
tr	I	I wanted off this ride and Everything was spinning out of control .
tr	O	Granted , his tone might have been a little snappy , but this wasn 't the time for chitchat .
tr	O	I felt like I was about to collapse , but it seemed that the Elder wasn 't yet finished with his fun .
tr	O	I could hardly catch my breath enough to talk , but I knew I had to get this out .
tr	I	I knew better , but she appeared to be sleeping peacefully .
tr	I	They would swarm all over me like little monkeys and the best times were when I would go home on leave .
tr	O	I knew Cole was trying to distract me , and I was grateful .
tr	O	I shake my head harder , trying to catch his attention , but the Sentinel is all he can see .
tr	O	Yes , I heard you say that in Edinburgh last summer , and it got back to him .
tr	O	She hurt his feelings and he took her scolding personal as he became defensive toward her .
tr	I	She also had a kind of fruity fragrance about her and the tea always smelt great .
tr	I	Either way I was more than thrilled to be back inside , but ugh , I didn 't know .
tr	I	Then slid a small blade to the side of her pick , pressing laterally , and she paused , feeling an unusual pressure .
tr	I	The warrant to search Jackson 's property had been issued , and * It did not take long for Donoghue to get DNA tests underway .
tr	I	She immediately passes the bucket of popcorn to Ezra , startling him from the movie , and her eyes widen when she sees me .
tr	O	South America has joined them and together they 've constructed additional bunkers throughout the South American continent on a joint venture basis .
tr	O	It was a cherished item , and Billy hoped to get his own from the Marines soon .
tr	I	She wore a robe of virginal white , and her clothes had been stripped from her .
tr	O	he asked , and I felt my entire body tense up at the sound of her name .
tr	I	My heart was another story , but a part of my brain totally got what he was saying .
tr	O	Tucker 's nostrils flared with the force of his breathing , but he remained in his seat .
tr	O	Good God , he was like a barefoot flipping Atlas , and she knew from experience , just as rock solid steady .
tr	I	I saw Darkness in every one and I looked into a thousand of his futures .
tr	I	Drawing on his tight self control , he was able to bury it once more , but his hunger perked slightly .
tr	O	His arms snaked around her and he immediately deepened the kiss .
tr	O	Jesse would treat women kindly and they would tire of that especially , in their damaged hearts that yearned only for cruelty .
tr	O	It 's his place , but it 's not his place .
tr	O	She was being unreasonable , and she knew it .
tr	O	He said the words without any pity , just sincerity , and it affected her more than she 'd care to admit .
tr	O	Nick glanced at Kelly , and suddenly he looked grim .
tr	I	Even the wood didn 't creak , and she lowered herself into the chair .
tr	I	He flew to Charlene 's side , and I let go of Blue .
tr	O	That was an instinctive effort to protect his people , and probably something he 'd been doing since he was a boy .
tr	I	I knew she 'd just turned forty-six , but I would have put her age at thirty .
tr	O	Our ship companions had long ago gone ahead , and we were with those who had come from many different places .
tr	I	She was clearly heart-broken , and Imelda had just lost her only child .
tr	I	My knees buckled under me , but I tried to stand .
tr	O	I felt a brief twinge of guilt as I realized how Charlie would feel about this , but I ignored it .
tr	O	I don 't know how she knew , but she always did .
tr	I	She looked amazing in a ruby coloured ball gown , and once again he was staring at Tess , I felt sorry for Jo .
tr	I	Reuben ignored this , but Simon clasped Reuben , s right wrist very hard .
tr	I	He could barely control himself and the scent of her body infused the car .
tr	O	Her skin was pale and dark circles were visible around her hazel eyes .
tr	I	I 'd probably be dead too , or nobody knew I 'd seen the men in our front yard .
tr	I	I 'm not exactly sure how it 's physically possible that I 'm still upright and my legs have been reduced to jelly .
tr	O	Her cheeks were flushed and her mien was brittle .
tr	O	Adam asked , and next to me , I felt Anderson tense a little .
tr	O	I still had my hand on his shoulder and I caught the scent of his soap again .
tr	O	Those words warmed my heart , but I had to be realistic .
tr	O	My mind reels , but my body reacts .
tr	O	My head was in Edward 's lap and he stroked hair away from my face .
tr	I	I returned his gaze and he looked at me .
tr	I	I smiled against my pillowcase , and my mind was racing too fast for me to sleep .
tr	O	I 'd never thought of that , but it wasn 't that far-fetched .
tr	O	My insides melted a little bit , and it had nothing to do with him wanting me to play naughty librarian with him .
tr	O	He chuckled and that made me giggle .
tr	O	I nodded and he disappeared .
tr	O	She couldn 't carry a tune to save her life , but it was the most beautiful sound he 'd heard all week .
tr	I	They 're already on the plane and I had someone pack your bags .
tr	I	It was the former , he was delighted , grabbing mom and he got to camp .
tr	O	She grabbed a handful of earth and flung it in his face .
tr	I	Sam mentioned her a lot , but Alex had never met her .
tr	O	He held out his hand and I took it without thinking .
tr	I	Where could she go , but she needed to get away from here ?
tr	I	Jacob knew it and the assistant was nervous around him .
tr	I	She didn 't stop , but Dare was right behind her , his hand on her arm .
tr	I	Hearing the sounds she made from pleasuring her was heightening my arousal , and the feeling was amazing .
tr	I	The eagles , sensitive now to the danger that went along with the sharp crack of the gun , flew off again , but he missed .
tr	O	He was going to hold Spider 's arms behind his back , but Mantis glared at him .
tr	O	I want my parents to go away , too , but they want to see me settled into my new apartment .
tr	I	Asher nudged me with his shoulder , and she turned back to the computer .
tr	O	I got Blue to sit down , and Mulberry came into the apartment .
tr	I	It dilutes the central thesis and you go off on tangents sometimes .
tr	I	Dan Miller had arranged a rotation of sentries for each one , and there were five loopholes .
tr	I	It will be fine , and I have to go .
tr	I	Leonard Fields called me in and the picture proved to be successful .
tr	O	The gesture of dinner was a delightful one , and Lindy wasn 't about to refuse .
tr	I	I could understand where Owen was coming from , but I was of the same mind Finn was .
tr	O	She thought he would drop her when he lifted her up , but he didn 't .
tr	O	No one questioned his authority , and they never questioned his integrity .
tr	I	Everyone nodded , and I asked .
tr	O	I discretely checked my watch , but I wasn 't late .
tr	O	I didn 't have to turn to know it was Jack , but my eyes were suddenly desperate to catch a glimpse of him again .
tr	I	Teresa was there to catch her , pull her back from the dangerous edge of the door , but Brenda fell to the side .
tr	O	She reminds me of someone ... and she loves to ask questions .
tr	I	The girls are laying out by the lake , and we barbeque , play football in the yard .
tr	O	Yes , Kinsey had spent hours with Joseph planning , but she knew he was really the one in control .
tr	I	He 'll continue to know and he knows where you are .
tr	I	He knew how to fool a lot of people , but he wasn 't a good guy .
tr	O	He was angry - and she was frustrated .
tr	I	I needed her and this girl was so much more than anyone I had ever known .
tr	I	It would fall back on the spikes again and presently her aching neck muscles would no longer support her head in its unnatural position .
tr	O	His head was bent toward his guitar , but his gaze seemed fixed on her face .
tr	O	Caroline was my given name , but not the name I used .
tr	I	She started talking crazy soon afterwards , and that broke her , poor thing .
tr	I	They were all empty , but I opened the drawers on the off chance that I had stuffed the box inside one .
tr	I	I felt myself getting discouraged and this happened several more times .
tr	I	He sat silently as if trying to piece it together but she waited for any questions from Chewy .
tr	I	His eyes grew heavy and buzzing filled his head .
tr	I	That included some clients , and oh yes , despite what Mr. Frank thought , people in the firm were talking about Fritz like crazy .
tr	O	asked David , gesturing to the monitors , to the test subjects , and the employees packing boxes of cigarettes .
tr	O	He raised his eyebrows , and I screamed .
tr	I	She knew what it meant and she recognized the sound .
tr	I	In that smile , Claire saw everything , and Bishop smiled .
tr	I	Michael walked Darcy over to her car and they changed out of their jump suits .
tr	O	The rocks along the edge of the river are like polished ebony , yet the pebbles under the water are a brilliant white .
tr	I	She was going to properly attend him first , but she was sorely tempted to run her palm up his midriff to his chest .
tr	I	I missed my husband more , but I missed seeing our friends .
tr	O	The head was deformed -- twice the size of most humans ' skulls -- but from that distance , she couldn 't make out any facial details .
tr	I	All of them decided to keep it to think about later , but the others did not fully understand what she was getting at .
tr	I	He knew her all the same , but a veil hung over her face .
tr	I	Julie didn 't want to force Lea to stay , but Julie didn 't want Lea to leave .
tr	O	Atlas ignored him , and Nike followed suit .
tr	I	He looked like he 'd buttoned his collar too tight and one of his polished boots tapped out an erratic rhythm .
tr	I	What did she expect when she 'd deliberately stayed out until midnight , but she hadn 't consciously planned an argument ?
tr	O	She smiled at me and I returned the gesture .
tr	I	My parents are there , as if they 've been waiting by the door since I left , and I drag myself inside .
tr	I	Now they were treating him like a rank amateur , but these two had deferred to him when it came to setting up the ambush .
tr	I	I was helping her fill out college applications , and we 're similar in age .
tr	O	He hadn 't trained in Tai Chi but he recognized it when he saw it .
tr	O	Patrick 's head looked like it had just experienced whiplash , but he was as quick on his feet as she was .
tr	O	Thalia 's caught a Strain now , and Wes will die of it too .
tr	O	On a professional level it would be the loss of a good client and on a personal level it would be good riddance to my latest heartache .
tr	O	He pulled at the cable - and he knocked over something flammable .
tr	I	He remained in the doorway , feeling uncertain , and she headed to the kitchen .
tr	O	She 'd fought and she 'd died .
tr	O	She did not know too much about him but she wanted to learn .
tr	O	Maybe she had received the best medicine and she wasn 't able to feel anything .
tr	O	The media had uncovered the fact that she wasn 't dead , and she 'd need to lead evil away from the people she loved .
tr	O	Rashid 's muscles tensed and he wondered if she knew what she was saying .
tr	O	Lying on the floor , in a pool of blood and a pile of knives is Kayden .
tr	I	His eyes stung and Everything was blurry .
tr	O	Rob starts leading me out the door and I suspect this is the end of the tour .
tr	O	They 're far away , but I hear them .
tr	I	That was just more of the artificial hocus-pocus stuff , but she wanted to .
tr	I	I heard a man tell him it was too late , and he was apologizing .
tr	I	You know very well that we must sacrifice any black blood born in our tribe and our blood boils for the god of fire .
tr	I	Half walking , half running , moved restlessly along the base of the steps and he threw the bar down .
tr	O	Jack had said that Dylan needed to drive toward the harbor , and now she realized just how close she was to the water .
tr	I	We won 't quit , but we may fail .
tr	O	Your mom didn 't leave me any , and I have a friend coming over in a minute .
tr	O	He could smell the distinct odor of animals , but he wasn 't sure it was horse .
tr	I	The hall was much brighter , and the windows here faced south .
tr	O	There was just no telling if the trail will go cold and Sato would go to ground forever .
tr	I	He tugged me in a little tighter toward him and his hands moved from my shoulders to my waist .
tr	I	A lot of people can be helped by this method , but not everyone with dyslexia will be able to read perfectly .
tr	I	It bothered her psychic side all the same , but admittedly Shirley Hunter could have invented a better story if she was fabricating the whole thing .
tr	I	Chrissy was in the way , but Dale grabbed the handle , swinging the door closed .
tr	O	My engine began to miss , then caught fire , and my plane began a doomed spiral toward the sea .
tr	I	She fired , and she whirled around with the rifle up to her shoulder .
tr	O	She felt every inch of him sinking inside her , and she took her time to take all of him .
tr	I	The girl just didn 't get rid of it and it had to be part of the anti-theft device from the store .
tr	I	Neil wouldn 't survive a rematch with him , and Prison couldn 't stop his father for long .
tr	I	My legs worked unwillingly to drag myself back into my room and cool air assaulted my face as the entrance shut before me .
tr	O	he whispered , and my heart started racing as I looked up at him .
tr	O	The mold is a light green color , and it is the very opposite of smooth .
tr	I	I turned to Eris and something occurred to me .
tr	O	Hours spent poring over maps might accomplish something in the long run , but an hour spent weeding a flower bed provided results she could see .
tr	I	I was now on my third major mishap , and the day was only half over .
tr	I	I sighed when his mouth moved from my sex , and Dale grabbed my hips , pulling me up .
tr	O	She was staring at the ramp , and the gun was still in her hand .
tr	O	He took a cautious step toward her and when she didn 't back away , he slipped his arm around her waist to steady her .
tr	I	I dry quickly and Heat flares within me .
tr	I	The Quest is a joke , and you youngsters are not very well prepared these days .
tr	O	Then his head raised , and his gaze was steady .
tr	O	Vincent was an expert at oral stimulation and I 'd welcome his mouth there any day .
tr	O	It wasn 't often the gunner was in the captain 's office , and when he was it was always someone else in need of discipline .
tr	O	When Winnie was twelve her mother had died and the light had gone out of the house .
tr	I	The clumsy , drunken fingers that thrust themselves into her warm centre had hurt her , and it had been cold that night .
tr	O	I 'm surprised , but it seems fitting .
tr	O	I felt his hand squeezing my ass and I moaned into his lips .
tr	O	I changed into this fish , and then I started to grow .
tr	I	We had to do them just in case , but then we tried stupid things that we knew wouldn 't work .
tr	O	It was like he 'd stored up the semester 's worth of talk , and it was all spilling out now .
tr	O	Rhiannon was one of his best students and he decided to keep her for himself .
tr	I	Thankfully , he was giving me the space I needed , but Joseph kept looking back at me .
tr	O	You come by on June 1st , and I 'll hand you the keys .
tr	O	He hardly remembered the end of the football game , and he 'd started drinking at halftime .
tr	I	He realized she was a woman now , and his little girl was growing up .
tr	O	Sage jumped to his feet , outraged , and Dylan was just a breath behind him .
tr	I	Other times he just annoyed the crap out of me , and sometimes I respected Malik , sometimes I outright hated him .
tr	O	The circles nauseated me , but I kept at it .
tr	I	She 'd never leave it , and Crystal was part of Hotshot .
tr	I	It was where Merrill had taken him , but Griffin didn 't want to see this .
tr	O	When she realized she was in deep water it frightened her for a minute but Dillon encouraged her to paddle back which she did .
tr	O	It had been a long , long time since she 'd felt that way , and she didn 't much care for it now , either .
tr	I	He answered it well , but that question was unexpected .
tr	O	Her gaze settled on Neil and she studied him a moment , expression calculating .
tr	I	She 'd turned , and she 'd tossed .
tr	O	he asked himself , but it was obvious .
tr	O	More like he 'd wanted control , and I 'd given it to him .
tr	I	It smelled wonderful , but she didn 't know what he was cooking for her now .
tr	I	That seemed to take the wind right out of Clay 's anger and I asked .
tr	I	It wouldn 't budge , but I tried the knob .
tr	O	He wanted her to hurt as badly as he had upon first discovering that she was gone , but he did not want her dead .
tr	O	The refrigerator has plenty of water bottles , and there 's some lunch meat if you get hungry .
tr	O	This was so unlike him that Kait felt only surprise , but Anna turned sharply .
tr	I	This time Adam did not turn away but in the reflection their eyes touched .
tr	I	Other than a soft exhale , he didn 't flinch , but she wasn 't sure how she expected him to react .
tr	O	Robin 's tone sounded jealous , and I felt worry fill me .
tr	I	It was Conrad who got there first , but Darcy wanted to go after her .
tr	I	Bob wasn 't back yet , and Dawn was only minutes away .
tr	I	I 'll look after the shop and you have a day off .
tr	I	Shock restrained him , but it was reflex almost .
tr	O	I can hear the longing in her voice , the missing of me , and it reminds me of a dozen memories of our youth .
tr	O	The thread wiggled a bit , but when she stuck it into the lock , nothing happened .
tr	I	I nearly drop it and the gun blasts back against my grip .
tr	I	Even he seemed to tense up a bit at the other guy 's appearance and Daniel asked .
tr	O	Mabel was crying now and Janie gave her a handkerchief .
tr	I	Her hands came to rest on her hips and she eyed me .
tr	O	It was apparently a new day and the sun was shining outside .
tr	O	He 's bruised , but no bones broken .
tr	I	I sagged against James while regaining my balance , and the forest seemed to spin around me .
tr	O	Daniel couldn 't make her come back to New York with him , and he couldn 't make Andy come there either .
tr	O	I could feel her pain building in my head and I told her it would be over soon .
tr	O	he groaned , and I felt his hardness against my ass .
tr	I	She was his - and she was exquisite .
tr	I	He never responds , but I bang on the door a few times , telling him to explain what he meant .
tr	O	Its head turned skyward and it fell to its side , the ground rumbling as its body crashed against the forest floor .
tr	I	Today the seat is empty , but I run my eyes over the cafeteria until I find the spot where James always sits .
tr	O	Franz was still convinced he would be fired , but he never was .
tr	I	He pulled me close , and Pix 's arms had gone around me .
tr	I	She didn 't want to tell him what Whitney said about the triple D club either , but she didn 't want to lie .
tr	I	She had no choice , but she was repelled by the thought of putting the clothes on .
tr	I	I 'm not afraid of it either , but I don 't look forward to dying .
tr	I	I 'd know what to do and I 'd just listen to the inside of me .
tr	I	Sonia immediately moved to exit the couch and he used the remote to switch off the television when it was finished .
tr	I	We had something even stronger -- belief , but it 's true that they had weapons .
tr	I	Aquarius struggled to find a way to his feet and the light was now out in the living room .
tr	O	The thought of using her as bait almost made the top of his head come off , but that wasn 't emotion , it was common sense .
tr	O	It wouldn 't make sense , and the very thought was unsettling .
tr	I	She didn 't even say thank you and you offered her your seat .
tr	I	The black ones would be horrifying , but Roses would be nice .
tr	I	Another one started , but the video ended .
tr	O	The team folded in around Coach and we took a knee as we always did at the end of practice .
tr	O	That hand could have immobilized her with its strength , yet instead he 'd paralyzed her with a gentle caress .
tr	I	He likes things a certain way , and he 's hard .
tr	I	His teeth chattered and his lips quivered .
tr	I	A certain magic is gone out of the world , a wet magic , but then the color is still there .
tr	O	Most people would lay down runners to prevent that , but I found it comforting to see evidence of passage .
tr	I	The company suffered more , and I paid her compensation .
tr	O	She danced just to move and she did it whenever the mood struck her .
tr	O	I lowered the stick to the book and it immediately was engulfed in flames .
tr	O	The tears are back in my throat , but they are there for a different reason .
tr	O	Valerie knew she sounded unreasonable , even rude , but her concern about David overrode all other considerations , including her embarrassment at misjudging Dr. Winston .
tr	O	More liquid , nauseating greenish brown , spurted from the wound , and more explosive clicks crackled from the monster .
tr	I	I know he is afraid of the red stallion , and his fingers are clumsy .
tr	O	Releasing his temper hadn 't helped , though , and he pushed back from his desk , swiping one hand across his face .
tr	I	I took a deep breath before asking , and I couldn 't help thinking of what Jay had told me through Hue .
tr	I	I bucked against him , screaming and Marco 's hands slipped down the front of my shorts .
tr	O	The most momentous event in the history of the world was right on the verge of happening , and I wanted to get on with it .
tr	I	I 'd be on that red stallion or I have no say in the matter .
tr	O	Adele didn 't often disagree with Aedan over Ashe 's punishments , but she understood a little of what her son was feeling right then .
tr	O	In my head I knew what to say but I couldn 't seem to make the words come out right .
tr	O	There was a pause and the bond pulled taut .
tr	I	I saw her immediately , and we entered the room .
tr	I	Darling 's human companion had to steady herself in the abrupt acceleration , and it dropped quickly .
tr	I	I decide the Clemens are still tanning their hides in the Florida sun and the TV remote is in the same place I 'd last seen it .
tr	O	Control one , and you control them all .
tr	I	She would walk away from this position or she had to choose her words wisely .
tr	I	They climbed the stairs and they were soon armed to face any danger .
tr	I	He remained silent but she peered up at him , hoping he would say more .
tr	I	A vampire baroness would never hold the hand of her human subjugate , but she wanted to reach for Will 's hand .
tr	I	I am here as an old friend and she begged me to accompany her today .
tr	I	He didn 't really care , and Sheen didn 't know which one it was .
tr	O	Michael clearly had his doubts , but he held up both hands to signal surrender .
tr	O	Eris followed , but when she was at the arch she realized Sye wasn 't with her .
tr	I	You would have gotten what you wanted by then , but I would have probably realized the mistake I had made sooner rather than later .
tr	I	I think that he did that on purpose and it wouldn 't be published for five years .
tr	O	As she rose up , her gaze shifted up to his butt , his cute muscular butt , and she blushed again .
tr	O	He shifted uncomfortably in his seat and a sheepish look crossed his face .
tr	I	His mother was working and there was ice cream .
tr	O	She looked up at Eric , and I could read her thoughts .
tr	I	The local press should have picked it up , but he realised that a run-of-the-mill murder rarely made the national press anymore .
tr	O	Maximus moved as if to grab me , but I snapped a warning whip of electricity at him .
tr	O	Even I could see it at the hospital and I was loopy on drugs half the time .
tr	O	The monster soon disappeared and the serpents left as quickly as they had arrived .
tr	O	The lights were out , and all was quiet .
tr	O	She was hungry , but she was unable to eat .
tr	O	I knew our messy confrontation had been staged , but I wanted the reassurance that nothing had changed .
tr	O	She slid one leg up , hooking it around his hip , and his hand followed the long , lean muscle of her thigh .
tr	I	Gently , as though he was afraid his head would fall off , but the ancient king nodded .
tr	O	You got your money and she 'll never know .
tr	I	We start to jog and I hand her one .
tr	O	This is my fiancé , Trevor Callahan , and he would like a glass of your delicious sweet tea .
tr	I	I wanted Scott to think his talk had no effect on me and Matt would say something .
tr	O	Instead he rolled off the bed and her eyes followed him .
tr	O	I imagined Nate 's build , and general demeanor since we 'd entered the club would be enough to scare the guy away .
tr	I	My mom didn 't speak to my sister much either and you can imagine that he didn 't speak to me much .
tr	I	I bumped into the seat in front of me and we stopped suddenly .
tr	O	Dimitri spun around as if he might attack them , but Skyler caught at him , jerking at his arm .
tr	I	I am Luc and he is Leon .
tr	I	I wasn 't fast enough , but I rushed to jump back on my stallion .
tr	O	It was disarming , but I knew exactly what he was doing .
tr	O	There was a rattle in his bones and his face felt bruised from when he hit the doorway .
tr	O	He 's filming me on his digital camera , and I dread to think what I look like .
tr	O	I wasn 't going to say anything , but I don 't want you to think I 'm that kind of guy .
tr	O	When she told her family how I had saved her they insisted that I stay , and her father plied me with wine of superb vintage .
tr	O	Mort , after some agonizing reflection , saw absolutely no reason why he should be the husband of record here , and neither did she .
tr	I	I don 't really care but I 'm sure there is going to be a mark there .
tr	I	They 'd been friends for a long time , and she saw the affection Laura had for Peter .
tr	I	He didn 't reply , and Finn 's jaw dropped .
tr	I	He was glowering at the other boy , but Dawson stood beside her .
tr	I	He was good , and I had Dios .
tr	I	I assumed he was getting the wine from some cabinet below , and he had been crouched down behind it when we came in .
tr	I	Now Cassie had a copy of what she needed to continue working on , but Max would still hold on to the book for safekeeping .
tr	I	I nearly went to my knees and the cold air hitting my neck racked me with another shudder .
tr	I	I hear a scream , and the gun goes off .
tr	O	I guess I was supposed to have some idea , but I really didn 't .
tr	O	I snatch the keys off the ground , and they clink together in my hands .
tr	O	No one heard him come in , but everyone turns to look at him .
tr	I	I can 't let it go , yet I just want to be free .
tr	O	He 'd have to ground Marley for disobeying him , but no doubt she 'd think it was worth the sacrifice .
tr	O	I could just step over her , but I look back .
tr	I	She 'd never see him again , and he 'd drop her off in Salt Lake City late this evening .
tr	I	The Cardinal was on the other side with his back to her , and her dad stood behind the desk where she could see his face .
tr	O	Blitz stretched on the floor at her feet and Kate sat in the rocking chair with Midnight .
tr	O	Ian had Connor pinned against the far wall , and the older werewolf was going for Connor 's throat .
tr	I	He pulled her against his chest , and Mercer 's arms wrapped around her .
tr	I	No one had ever set her on fire the way Nolan did now , but she 'd found the experience pleasant .
tr	I	She found herself struggling for breath in the hot , airless vacuum , and the July sun sizzled on her skin .
tr	O	Skyla lets out a choking sound , and I imagine the tip of my dick touching her vocal cords .
tr	I	We 've all ended up at Miller 's Hollow tonight , but we all come from such different places .
tr	I	You always got that slight breeze coming in off it , but the sea had been calm .
tr	I	Donovan curled his arm more tightly around Eve to shield her from the chill , and a cool breeze blew through the stands .
tr	I	Simon would have never imagined punching his brother , and Sam had never laid a finger on him .
tr	O	He said he was working with Big D , and then it was like something hit his head .
tr	O	Customers scrambled out of our way as Avery and I appeared in the middle of the crowd .
tr	O	The operator spoke to me at the same time , and I couldn 't figure out what either one said .
tr	O	Mark Crisfield 's wife had called the sheriff 's department and they had their sirens on as they made it to her house .
tr	I	I did not push her to tell me what happened , yet she said a strikingly similar situation to mine marked her adolescence .
tr	O	It was almost midnight , and the streets were deserted .
tr	O	Her hand closed around something and she brought it out from under the chaise .
tr	I	The guilt that came with the subject was still painful , but that was what this whole six months about so it shouldn 't surprise her .
tr	I	That made more than one Valkyrie nervous , and no one knew where that one was .
tr	O	His air indicated his complete confidence that no dish would dare burn and things would be right on track .
tr	I	His mouth was dry and his head was aching .
tr	I	Two young companions bound for Haven , and I bring Wade Crow of the desert .
tr	O	I spent half my life running , and I won 't do it again .
tr	O	Something had woken up inside her and although the relief was enormous , the mundane swing of civilian life was stressing her .
tr	O	No state was 100 % yet , but at least the basic services of life were being provided .
tr	I	I can only imagine the pain you 're feeling right now , and it 's horrific .
tr	I	Pamela had done an outstanding job as a single mother , and the boys ' father had abandoned the family when they were toddlers .
tr	I	It rang again , and the phone rang .
tr	O	There was a delicate way to put this , and there was devastating way .
tr	O	He had been cranky for the last few weeks and Ava came to the conclusion that nurses were underpaid .
tr	O	His body wanted to give up , yet he couldn 't .
tr	I	He also shook his head , but my grandfather shook his hand .
tr	O	I am pleading for justice , and justice I have not had .
tr	I	She told me she didn 't , but I don 't know if she actually saw him do it .
tr	I	He collapsed beside me , and he let me slip through his arms to the ground .
tr	O	Through the gap he saw nearly three feet of snow piled up , and it was still falling .
tr	I	I was , but I couldn 't be mad at him when I had done the same thing .
tr	O	She heard someone crying , moaning , but she didn 't realize the noises were coming from her .
tr	I	Everyone knows it and Emily 's his .
tr	I	Sheila ordered coffee , and she shrugged as the waitress delivered their water .
tr	I	This is all we can spare and we need the witches ' help .
tr	I	The hope in her eyes deflates and I say instead .
tr	I	Printer stifled a sigh and they were by now the focus of every eye in the room .
tr	O	Light from the window caught them at just the right angle , and they appeared to glow .
tr	I	Instead she found her own body ready to explode with need , but she had ordered French lingerie in order to drive him mad .
tr	O	The band announced they 'd be back in ten , and Burt guided Sofia back to the booth .
tr	O	The camera cuts to Calliope , and I have to bite my tongue to keep from shouting at the television to go back to Cricket .
tr	O	I love him , and he loves me .
tr	O	She should have changed into walking shoes before she left , but she just did not expect to walk for so long .
tr	O	The drowsy feeling hit quickly and I fell to the ground .
tr	O	I tried my best to take care of all of us , but one day the authorities found out about our situation .
tr	I	Riding beside him was the sheriff , and leading the way was Mr. Mac .
tr	I	He would be moving so far away from his father and he was crestfallen when he learned that his parents were splitting up .
tr	I	Ashley would be dead and I 'd be a vegetable .
tr	I	My heart inscribed her name and it was here were all dead flowers rose .
tr	I	So far most of Kira 's assumptions about vampires had proven to be wrong , but they were eating regular food , yes .
tr	I	Albert put an arm around her , and she shuddered .
tr	I	I reminded myself that there were bigger issues at hand , but something about his smile was off .
tr	I	Now it felt like I was losing my body , but I 'd been so worried for so long that I was losing my mind .
tr	I	I 'd heard stories about them all of my life , and tornadoes were common in our part of Arkansas .
tr	O	Mad Rogan took the exit , and I glanced at the clock .
tr	I	They seemed to be pouting , demanding his attention It was all he could do to look elsewhere , but it was improbable , unlikely .
tr	O	She opened the paper that morning and there it was .
tr	O	She undoubtedly loved me , but she didn 't like her clothes wrinkled .
tr	I	His face was a stoic mask , but Andra slanted him a sideways glance .
tr	I	She 'd been smart enough even then to choose the public library as a place to hide , but Kayla did the same .
tr	I	He crouched down beside her , and Understanding flooded through his mind .
tr	O	He opened the pages in his hands , but I didn 't watch him read them .
tr	O	Logan 's hair was a disheveled mess , and he had dark bags under his eyes .
tr	I	She disregarded that guess instantly , but David 's was the first name she thought of .
tr	O	His words were cutting like a knife , but he didn 't seem to care .
tr	I	She could see enough , but the reflection was cloudy , like old mirrors are .
tr	O	I nodded , and before I knew it , Liam was tying the rope around us .
tr	I	I 'd do the same for him , and I didn 't want him to even think about me .
tr	I	Warner seems to be able to tell that he 's gone , and Kenji jumps out first .
tr	O	Neil left as fast as he could , but he only made it as far as the hallway .
tr	O	I 'd never kissed my husband and I 'd never seen him laugh .
tr	I	We dance all over the house , and she turns up the music real loud .
tr	O	I nod my head and he continues on .
tr	O	We ran toward the double doors and I had a fleeting thought towards the pain in my chest .
tr	O	American women can be quite materialistic too , but it 's a different flavor of materialism .
tr	O	I was a virgin , but I 'd read about sex enough times to recognize the sensation .
tr	O	She used to wear them all the time , and she suffered through a momentary , ridiculous flash of mourning for what she 'd lost .
tr	I	Her stomach dropped to the floor , and she glanced down at the screen .
tr	I	He had never seen one with his own eyes , but he had heard of such things from his father .
tr	O	The two men lying in the same bottom bunk , but that wasn 't the first time that had occurred in prison .
tr	I	I certainly did not recognise any of them , and I had never heard of these politicians before .
tr	O	Neil hadn 't seen Kevin in almost eight years , and he 'd never be ready to see him again .
tr	I	I don 't like it and I can see the shame in their faces .
tr	I	I never want to do it again and I 've lived my life without you .
tr	I	The soldiers were too disciplined to step out of line , but the few remaining demons worried the edges of the formation .
tr	I	I knew how horrible it would sound , but I wanted to say it .
tr	O	Things had gone terribly wrong and she had no idea why .
tr	O	The lock was unlatched and the door swung open .
tr	O	I asked , and he smiled .
tr	I	I can 't remember what it was ... but I have a good idea .
tr	O	He 'd thought the two of them had been discreet , and he knew Philippa wasn 't a gossip .
tr	O	When she reached us , she hovered over me and I smiled to reassure her .
tr	O	Ashley was smiling , but I knew that seeing me with children was a bittersweet experience .
tr	O	I take my fist away from his hand and he glares at me .
tr	O	You want to be able to fix it , but you just can 't .
tr	O	Again it was Jack who went first and Sam watched , holding her hair back tight with both hands , nervous beyond belief .
tr	O	I gave him a curious glance and he gave me a terse response .
tr	O	In order to have greatness there had to be strife or there would be no opportunity to be great .
tr	O	A.J. opened her mouth but he cut her off .
tr	I	I pick it up and the steward pours out the wine in a crystal goblet .
tr	I	Only loud thumping sounds can be heard instead , but I duck , expecting the glass to shatter .
tr	I	She takes it , and I hold down my hand .
tr	O	I have a secret of my own , and it 's pretty heavy .
tr	O	Miriam watched her for a bit , her dark eyes intent on the governess , and they began to close of their own accord .
tr	I	I couldn 't blame her and she looked a little skeptical .
tr	I	Dwayne had a second piece and Molly was right about the pie .
tr	O	We continued walking along the circular railing and he swung my hand lightly , as he regained his original train of thought .
tr	I	There were silver points in his eyes , and every shadow on his face was dead black .
tr	O	Rebecca squeezes Zion 's hand and he looks up at her .
tr	O	Her last drink at the bar had given her a delicious , unbound feeling , and James 's seduction had lowered her inhibitions even more .
tr	I	She possessed the same innocent charm , but Kate 's personality was entirely different from Colton 's .
tr	O	Men 's voices echoed from the other side of the ship , and she crept in the opposite direction , toward the lower deck .
tr	O	Doug had tried to grab him , but his waterlogged cast weighed him down .
tr	I	He came in several minutes later to apologize and I ran to my room .
tr	O	Jack took a step toward me and I put my hand up , keeping him at distance .
tr	I	If they didn 't , they were walking targets , yet I couldn 't expect them to stay in hiding for years until we caught her .
tr	I	He was frustrated , but he wasn 't angry .
tr	O	I stumble out of the scanner , and the air opens up around me .
tr	I	The visual centers refused to agree , but you felt you were seeing something .
tr	I	I became defensive , and his tone set me on edge .
tr	I	After about a mile Sarah 's muddled mind began to clear , and they walked silently for some time .
tr	I	She wasn 't looking forward to it , but she knew that he deserved an explanation .
tr	O	The Superintendent hated it when the press caught wind of anything negative , and he was liable to yell at anyone who dared enter his lair .
tr	O	The announcers encouraged them to tune in next week , and the screen faded to black , ending the show .
tr	O	He was not thinking straight , and he could not move properly .
tr	O	Things were suddenly looking a lot more serious and she needed to be away from this place as fast as possible .
tr	I	She has every right to feel that way and she 's verbalized in the past how she feels about me .
tr	I	Then it disappears , and I 'll feel a little bit of a memory .
tr	I	He focused on the object through his telescopic sight and the curiosity got the better of him .
tr	I	Her fingers slid over it , and she had the remote for his collar right there .
tr	O	We couldn 't work around to the back , but I 'm sure they had something coming along behind the main body .
tr	O	She 'd never heard of anyone puking up a vital organ , but odds were she was missing a lung right now .
tr	I	Besides , she didn 't really want to , and he grabbed her hands again before Jamie could think about finding a way to get free .
tr	I	There were tears rolling down her face as she looked at me and she shook her head .
tr	O	Although Jennifer did not deign to reply , the stiffness went out of her shoulders , and Royce could sense her curiosity to know more .
tr	I	I started running , but Ty tried to grab me .
tr	O	The grips were curved and the metal was blued .
tr	O	A gentleman in a private dirigible wasn 't much to go on since the recent upsurge in dirigible popularity , but it was better than nothing .
tr	I	Maybe by being here I 've saved her , but any one of them could be her killer .
tr	I	I kept going anyway , but I wanted to gag .
tr	O	The place served awful food , but the beer was pretty cheap .
tr	I	The light wasn 't gone , but the door closed .
tr	O	He sent a surge of happiness through my body and I backed up , the armrest digging into my back .
tr	I	We shake hands and I stand up .
tr	O	The pain was also growing in the back of his head , and blood was dripping down the back of his neck .
tr	O	His eyes opened at my tender word , and he lovingly ran a finger down my cheek .
tr	O	He put his hand out toward the door and it glowed softly .
tr	O	She laughed , and its tinkling sound felt like velvet across the back of my neck .
tr	O	A prophet was a man of God and God spoke to people through His prophets .
tr	O	We waited a few seconds for added drama , and then Elise appeared on the landing above us .
tr	I	Now she didn 't even answer what her problem is , and she always used to be happy about I come home .
tr	O	That made me think of Spencer , and all the bad memories flooded back .
tr	I	He tried to come across as properly attentive , and it was only two days away .
tr	I	No words came , but he opened his mouth to speak .
tr	I	If you must know the guts of it all , I never even took her to bed , but I 'm ashamed of that !
tr	O	Philip stood up to greet her , and Lara 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	I	She kept her composure , but her face went sour .
tr	O	She 'd started what was going to be a gorgeous tattoo , and she 'd had her world rocked by a bona fide hottie .
tr	O	The base of the vibrator turned and a low hum filled the room .
tr	I	Then stops directly behind him , and her eyes narrow as she walks closer .
tr	I	Cass ' answer was not heard as Lizzie suddenly gave a shout , but Lucas asked .
tr	O	You just miss your wife is all ... but Denise was a beautiful woman as well .
tr	I	Kiev was far from finished , but I was about to sigh with relief .
tr	I	Oil lamps cast a golden glow , and exotic sea creatures were carved into the walls .
tr	I	He can hardly carry a note , but there 's a man that is supposed to make his living by singing !
tr	O	This just wasn 't the businesslike , graceful entrance she had hoped for , and her lustful reaction to Grady Sinclair had her uncharacteristically flustered .
tr	I	She was still carrying his child , but she deserved better than Kevin Manning .
tr	O	It was just after mid-day and Kenny felt suddenly thirsty .
tr	I	Alex was convinced her mission was necessary , but Guilt about leaving almost made her change her mind .
tr	I	The panic surges through me stronger and I watch the pen get closer to the vial .
tr	O	He tried to move but his tight bonds prevented him .
tr	I	They blew up the entrance leaving my friends there and we were in a cave .
tr	I	I listened to Dex , but I didn 't listen to my father .
tr	O	None of us smelled great , granted , but he didn 't even do spot washes .
tr	I	Before she could walk away I waved at her to open it again and she shut the door .
tr	I	He reasoned that they weren 't yet all that far underground , but the ceiling didn 't seem all that high to Matthew .
tr	O	One was reading a newspaper , and another seemed to be pretending to talk on a mobile phone .
tr	I	He knew that the father would not object , and he would lay it all out ; articulate the pieces together , proximal to distal elements .
tr	O	Jessica flailed away with Jurisprudence , and blue sparks filled her vision .
tr	I	He didn 't get any weird smells from them , and there were still men outside , doing their daily activities .
tr	O	She glares at me , but her lips itch to turn upward .
tr	O	There were some books piled in front of the princess , and she looked up from one of them as he entered .
tr	I	I 'd made him flinch from a kiss , but I wanted to throw myself into his arms .
tr	O	I wasn 't the first , but I would be the last .
tr	O	Whatever it is she thinks she 's chasing will be long gone and she 'll make her way down again .
tr	I	I can feel his erection grow , and my pubis is pressed against his lap .
tr	O	For once I wasn 't actually trying to be rude but Mum took offence .
tr	O	I began to yawn every few minutes and my eyes became very heavy .
tr	O	When a loud knocking on his door woke him , he moved and his damaged side felt like it had been hit by a sledgehammer .
tr	I	With my forefinger , I began scratching a message on my arm , and claws came out of my hand .
tr	I	My hearing wasn 't the sense that threatened to undo me , but a snapping , squishing sound penetrated my vision of Mr. Hearst .
tr	O	Titian was trying to warn her about something , but Surreal couldn 't hear her .
tr	O	They feel as though they should be respected more than others , and they Turn .
tr	I	A moment later a nurse appears and he picks up the call button .
tr	O	I had Connor trapped in my office , but it was Isabelle I had to find .
tr	I	I can 't look away , but watching it after the fact just seems wrong .
tr	I	Everyone was so worried about you , but I hope you don 't mind .
tr	I	They dropped to the ground and Blood gushed from their wounds .
tr	O	I could open the door , but I 'm not going to .
tr	O	At first she felt nothing and she closed her eyes tighter .
tr	I	He had become her fantasy , weaving gossamer wings of desire through her every cell , yet he had sprung from her nightmares .
tr	O	Dustin still wasn 't back , and she found herself staring into the darkening streets watching for him .
tr	I	I feel like I 'm going to be sick , and my windpipe is suddenly gripped in an iron grasp .
tr	I	The box fell open and unable to wait any longer , I tugged gently at the ribbon .
tr	O	A passing solider smiled at Lace , and she pulled Gabriel 's arm closer giving him a sharp glare .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure , given the way my ears were ringing right now , but I thought I heard Phillip yell my name .
tr	O	The company was always dubious , but the freedom was incredible .
tr	O	He smells delicious , like bubblegum , and his frayed sweatshirt looks soft .
tr	O	A gray haze rolled into my head and suddenly I felt stricken with unexplainable fear .
tr	I	I searched for a liquid remedy anyway , but nerves were natural in these kinds of situations .
tr	O	I left a coin with the body , but I don 't really think it will be much of a deterrent .
tr	O	They were finally close to closing a big contract they had been working on for months and to let it go now wasn 't an option .
tr	I	We make things work and it 's nothing major .
tr	O	She told us to stay in our room when he was like that , but I couldn 't .
tr	O	He sighed , and I couldn 't help a smile .
tr	I	Then I see my truck parked up the block , but it takes me a moment to get my bearings .
tr	I	Many refused to take night jobs no matter how much they paid and people began to travel in groups .
tr	O	Everything was briefly explained to the public , and only a few changes were made to protect the identity of the thieves .
tr	I	Violet stepped in , and iris flushed .
tr	I	For the briefest moment , the room falls silent , and the final portal to the sacred realm slowly closes .
tr	I	I felt a few tears escape my eyes as I thought about her being alive and a sigh of relief escaped my mouth .
tr	I	We need to leave early enough to make it to Chattanooga even if there 's traffic , and it might get late .
tr	I	They lurched forward and Kit hit the gas .
tr	I	The guests drank still once more , and Laughter rang against the rafters .
tr	I	His shoulder length hair was a shining crown atop his head and his tanned form was roped with muscles .
tr	O	He turns to me to speak and I just hold up my hand .
tr	O	Riley had lied about these weak , older vampires , too , and we 'd never had a chance .
tr	I	Hunter had suddenly turned antsy , but Caleb wasn 't particularly ready to change the subject .
tr	O	He couldn 't afford to have the police take control before he was ready , and he knew if he involved them they 'd do exactly that .
tr	I	He had been setting them ever since , and he had set the rules from the beginning in that little diner .
tr	O	Caleb was al too happy to see her , and my gaze bounced between the two of them .
tr	I	Things only got worse , but it was a dark time .
tr	O	I look at Joel and he shrugs .
tr	I	They couldn 't stand up to Chinese tanks and the Stryker combat vehicles were as heavy as it got .
tr	O	He didn 't sound entirely confident , but there seemed little point in continuing to argue .
tr	I	I land flat against the concrete one last time , and Logan lands one more punch square across my jaw .
tr	O	For a moment he wondered whether the liquid in the bubbles had some intoxicating quality , but a glance around assured him of the real reason .
tr	O	Ivory had named her Moonglow , but most of the time they called her Moon .
tr	O	Chloe rolls from her boyfriend 's chest , and Markus glances in her direction .
tr	O	They returned home as heroes , with bells sounding and people gathered on the docks to welcome them back .
tr	I	He still had a powerful presence , but Gabe might be in a wheelchair .
tr	I	He didn 't but he rattled so much that I thought he was going to fall to pieces from shock .
tr	O	The Italians might not learn all the plays , but the quarterback was required to .
tr	O	Sex is out , obviously , and you don 't talk robotics .
tr	I	She was through with him , but she might have cried initially !
tr	O	The doctor had told her to expect to feel movement at any time , and the prospect thrilled her .
tr	O	Sebastian was speaking calmly and for the first time Mia noticed his distant kind of being .
tr	O	Ganon 's loud voice echoing off the walls , and some of the other pirates ahead of her were starting to stare .
tr	I	It would get me out of Cadogan House , but it wasn 't exactly something I looked forward to .
tr	O	Many men did die young , but others seemed to go on forever .
tr	I	He stands in front of me and a glint enters his eyes that I have not seen before .
tr	I	He Pushed , throwing himself toward Vin and it slammed against the side of a building .
tr	O	Most of the residents were farmers , and everybody in town knew everybody else .
tr	I	He wasn 't fast enough , but he scrambled back on the bed .
tr	I	I willingly quieted the angry murmurs to hear the truth beyond them , and the voice of this knowledge fought to be heard over thoughts of revenge .
tr	O	She was thrown ten feet through the air , striking the trunk of a grizzled old tree and she slid to the ground !
tr	O	She seemed upset again , and although I 'd have normally left it alone , I felt like I had to say something .
tr	I	The clasp of his watch pops opens , and my hand connects with his wrist a bit harder than I meant .
tr	I	Nobody blames you for not being able to mentally walk , and your mind was broken in the same way as mine , Oscar .
tr	O	There was a knocking on the door , and I knew that it was Alistair to take me to the briefing with Davila .
tr	O	She had been beautiful before , but she was equally beautiful now .
tr	I	I 'm not feeling it tonight , but it 's usually a nice sight .
tr	I	Although he was well used to chopping wood , a few small blisters had started to appear and the stick was hurting his hands now .
tr	O	he lost it in a battle of wits , and along with that , he lost his girlfriend .
tr	O	They were moving too quickly , and they seemed far away .
tr	O	That part makes sense , but the rest doesn 't .
tr	O	Cold metal touched her skin and she flinched .
tr	O	His arm came from around my front and his hand gestured to my head .
tr	O	Owen seemed almost desperate to get news , though , and Zane 's heart went out to all of them .
tr	I	They scrambled aboard and she touched down .
tr	I	She 'd left him long ago , and he 'd only loved one woman .
tr	I	A lot of people are going hungry , and the store 's supplies are very nearly exhausted .
tr	O	I haven 't wanted to admit it , but I 'm not healing like I should .
tr	I	They hadn 't been lying , and I knew the significance of the vintage .
tr	O	It was already starting to get dark and she didn 't want to wander aimlessly from street to street .
tr	I	He shucked off his thin leather jacket , draping it over my shoulders even as I shook my head and I shivered involuntarily .
tr	I	I walked in and they were communicating as Martina .
tr	I	I wonder about Sandy , but it 's also funny .
tr	I	It was barely eight in the morning and I was already sweating .
tr	I	This was beyond anything she 'd ever felt before , but not being one for long-term relationships , Andra knew sexual frustration .
tr	I	The people practiced weekly what to do if there was an attack , and even the houses were designed for combat .
tr	I	She was a good doctor , but I had no idea what Dr. Ludwig actually was , other than nonhuman .
tr	O	He had no protruding nose and his features were quite smooth .
tr	I	The feeling felt the same , but the scenery was definitely different .
tr	I	I had no idea what , and something was happening to me .
tr	O	He took a step closer and she took one back .
tr	O	I was already going to let him and his friends keep the money she gave him .
tr	O	I shivered , remembering how close I 'd come to an alligator holding me - and that hadn 't looked like a baby .
tr	O	Momentary fear nibbled coldly at his insides when he realized he couldn 't get back ; but it passed quickly .
tr	O	The ruby stone was small , yet it sparkled when she moved her hand .
tr	I	She didn 't , but we 'd hoped she 'd walk away .
tr	O	The glove slipped off his hand , and he released it from his teeth .
tr	O	My gut heaved and I vomited greenish brown puke onto the crisp , white pillowcase .
tr	I	His attention focused on Paul and Gio 's eyes narrowed .
tr	O	I haven 't taken a class in a couple of years , but I 've wanted to get back into it .
tr	I	Jules drove me home and I begged off being tired .
tr	I	The urine was puddling around him on the tiled floor , and he had urinated on himself .
tr	O	No , she wanted to say , no I 'm not , but when she saw herself reflected in his eyes , she was ruined .
tr	I	Then he let it go , but he was about to argue .
tr	O	Slaps were the only currency now , and getting to the rocket was expensive .
tr	I	We cannot do with it , and we cannot do without it .
tr	O	The warmth of relief was making my muscles feel almost limp , but I nodded .
tr	O	Something cool forced my lips open and the most vile liquid I had ever tasted dripped down my throat , sliding into my belly like fire .
tr	O	I watched her expression soften and she was taking everything in .
tr	O	Sophia slammed her arm into my head and I dropped the gun in the backseat .
tr	O	They weren 't too far from the big oak tree and they had found some shade to cool down in .
tr	O	I don 't want to give any of that up , and I don 't intend to .
tr	I	Jack reacted , but Sarah had no immediate reply .
tr	I	The tweed jacket stared me in the face , and my hand opened the closet door .
tr	I	She would have hated giving up her job , and the family had been good to her .
tr	O	The truth had her by the jugular , and she didn 't know how to shake loose .
tr	O	We can keep trying to have a baby the regular way , but that way , we 're still going forward if nothing happens .
tr	I	His body picked up where it had been while he was spying on her , and she closed in on him .
tr	O	You 're a liar , and you 're a fake .
tr	I	She used the opportunity to get a drink of water from the kitchen and she was still chuckling when the television show went to a commercial break .
tr	O	Up to this point the dreams had been accurate , but this blew them out of the water .
tr	O	However , he still didn 't have a clue where he 'd met that sexy voice before , but he intended to find out .
tr	I	The gum slipped out and he mouth fell open .
tr	I	I saw his eyes peek over the top and he must have felt my stare because his head shot up .
tr	I	That suggestion had resulted in a bout of unexpected giggles but they 'd thought of bringing Norah in on the conversation .
tr	I	Angie was a freight train , but Lauren tried to draw back .
tr	I	It costs me something , but given time to rest , I can heal some pretty serious wounds .
tr	O	The side of the truck said HEMI and by the sound of it , it had two mufflers on the back .
tr	I	For the longest time I didn 't know why , but I know you do it on purpose .
tr	I	She realized she hadn 't answered and her stomach knotted .
tr	I	Now there was time for people to consider other matters , and the world was gradually recovering from the destruction of America .
tr	I	The profit margin noted , and the final price with markup was calculated .
tr	I	He was riding the killing edge and not when his temper had turned cold .
tr	I	It showed on her expression and she had hated the touching .
tr	I	The more he made love to her , the more they both wanted it again , and Kell had a strong sexual appetite .
tr	O	Her breaths were short , and she squinted at me through slits .
tr	I	When the two women had insisted , she 'd decided to trust their judgment , but she 'd initially thought to shy away at home .
tr	I	I can see his surprise and Julian opens it .
tr	O	I tell him that and he explains .
tr	O	He wagged his eyebrows at me and I laughed .
tr	O	I suppose the reality is that I never once thought I 'd get Wes back , and now I have him .
tr	I	Jared stood in my way , his fingers digging into my shoulders , but I made my way to the entrance that led to the stairs .
tr	O	He was Dom material down to the bone , and she refused to play the game any longer .
tr	I	I could hear the dangerous warning in his voice , but he still didn 't turn around .
tr	O	His smile painted a picture for her , and it was an X-rated picture .
tr	I	It still showed him assaulting him , but she knew he didn 't get hurt .
tr	I	A calmness came over him and he glanced at Betty , who was concentrating hard on something .
tr	I	Now I wished I had made a kill back then , but I was glad for her interference then .
tr	I	Apparently she hadn 't been observed , but she 'd showed off in public .
tr	O	I can 't explain it , but I know it to be truth .
tr	I	I wanted a bath badly and my bag was already there .
tr	O	Unexpectedly she felt tears burn behind her eyes and she slipped her hand into her pocket to feel the familiar comfort of the amethyst spheres .
tr	I	It was of no use , but he squinted in order to get his sight more in focus .
tr	O	This was getting worse as we felt that the fire has reached us and if we don 't do something quickly we will be grilled meat soon .
tr	O	It 's frigid out and I 'm still in my shorts , with a winter coat on top .
tr	I	What in her world made sense any more , but it made no sense ?
tr	O	I 'm sorry that all of this had to happen , but I 'm happy about where my life is now .
tr	I	Paul felt a twinge of guilt and the tube jolted on its tracks .
tr	O	It was obvious the only remorse he felt was over the fact that she was still wearing panties , but he quickly took care of that .
tr	O	I wasn 't itchy , but felt on the verge of it , somehow .
tr	I	Finally , I caught a break , but looks like it 'll cost me .
tr	I	I didn 't remember most of it , and all I knew about the process was what I had learned years ago in Hebrew school .
tr	O	I know this probably doesn 't help , but we appreciate the person you 've become .
tr	I	I came back out to find Winona was in my office , and I 'd been in the bedroom about forty-five minutes .
tr	I	Fortunately he didn 't have to , because Helen poked her head in at that moment , but James wasn 't quite sure how to respond .
tr	I	Half the time never knew what to do , but I always felt like I should do something .
tr	I	The doors opened and the lift stopped .
tr	O	I hit him so hard I heard a crack and he sunk to the ground .
tr	O	I knew the pain I 'd caused everyone , and I promised myself that I 'd never do that again .
tr	O	He lit the fuse , and it kindled , smoking .
tr	I	I 'm sorely tempted to eat it for her , and she hasn 't taken a bite of the pie .
tr	I	He let go , and I pulled at my foot .
tr	O	You can 't pry him away for anything , and his debates go on forever .
tr	O	They were praying for a miracle , but it seemed that fate had other designs for the little boy .
tr	O	He wasn 't , but that was fine .
tr	O	She set her hand on the door , but before she opened it , she hesitated .
tr	I	Luna laughed with her and the old woman laughed .
tr	O	I hope that wasn 't too rude but I can 't help it .
tr	O	I shall put in a report to my own Service of what you 've told me , and they 'll pass it on to the Royal Marines .
tr	I	I was pretty sure I was seconds away from one , but I 'd never had a panic attack before .
tr	I	I knew that I didn 't have a choice , but I didn 't even want this moment to happen .
tr	I	Reluctantly let go and I swallowed hard .
tr	I	I suppressed an intake of breath and it sent tingles dancing along my skin .
tr	O	I suppose you 're going to tell me he was going for his gun , but you beat him to it .
tr	I	She waved back , and several people waved at Anne 's car as she drove by .
tr	I	The cinematography shows the death to shadowy , spine-tingling effect , and there 's a an effectively eerie hanging scene early on .
tr	O	If not somebody 's gon na pay for my wife being disturbed late at night ; hell and me too .
tr	I	Frank did display the occasional hint of kindness beneath his normal slave driver mentality , but Mack hadn 't been wrong about his former partner .
tr	O	It had every race on Jade , and she didn 't remember one looking like this .
tr	O	He opened his mouth , but Alana lifted her gaze .
tr	I	I always felt he would one day meet his match , and I think his good looks have been a deterrent for him all of his life .
tr	O	I helped Amity to her feet and we guided her away from the animals in search of a cleaner , more private place .
tr	O	She is an Outsider , and it 's clear to everyone that Madam Uri hates living in the Cueva , even more than the other Outsiders .
tr	O	Puzzled , Kelly turned to walk back into the house , but a grinning Jack stood right behind her .
tr	I	As far as I was concerned this was my place , and she had to stay here .
tr	I	Her cheeks were a perfect subtle light pink - an almost natural blush color , but her skin was flawlessly pale .
tr	I	It 's not really rain , but the sky spits at us .
tr	I	I definitely don 't want to deal with Mason and I didn 't want to deal with Tara tonight .
tr	O	The buzzing began again , and the cloud began to cut its way through his armour , to his heart .
tr	I	She pouted at him and Alice 's shoulders drooped .
tr	I	There was a lot of genuine funny that trip , and her 's was brighter , happier , even funnier .
tr	O	Gia felt her fists clench by her side and she envisioned taking a swing at the wizened face .
tr	I	He rushed out of bed , and then something struck him .
tr	I	She soon drifted back to sleep , but when he checked on Eloise , her eyes fluttered open .
tr	O	I sensed that strongly , and it made me smile .
tr	O	Adam asked , and Ronan laughed .
tr	I	Even those who rebelled do not die , and the Eldar , you say , are unpunished .
tr	O	To find out all her secrets and where that damn spring was hiding .
tr	O	At the time they believed they were in love , and they probably were .
tr	I	Her hands went icy from fright and her whole body shook .
tr	O	His face darkened and I kept going .
tr	O	My head snapped to the left , and I realized why .
tr	O	Our former relationship was no secret , and Dorian had pitched his words loudly , so that some of the gathered villagers would hear .
tr	O	Last bell didn 't compare to midnight 's arrival , but it was still the second-best moment of her day .
tr	I	There was no sign of the ship anywhere but finally after ten minutes they reached the dock .
tr	O	It took me a little while to find you but I didn 't really have to look hard because you kind of just fell into my lap .
tr	I	It failed to open , but he shook it hard .
tr	I	Two of his counsellors were there and King James walked into a private balcony .
tr	I	He rushed Mr. Gunderson to the hospital and Audrey ran home , got our dad .
tr	I	Her stomach was doing a curious little flip , but she asked .
tr	I	I don 't really care what your loyalties are , and I am not here looking for evidence against your mistress .
tr	O	She smiled and I watched her come closer to my desk .
tr	O	Indeed Gollum had suddenly paused again , and his large head on its scrawny neck was lolling from side to side as if he was listening .
tr	O	His nose brushes the nape of my neck and I stifle a horrified shiver that he misunderstands .
tr	I	Hatred boiled behind his eyes like poison , and he was staring down at Jace , his lips twitching .
tr	O	I suggest more rest and eating a hearty meal .
tr	I	I could see it from about a mile away , but oh sure , he never told me it was his until we got close .
tr	O	I don 't get it , but I 'll go with it .
tr	I	I must insist , but I don 't do it lightly .
tr	I	His shots were over the crossbar but his traps were good .
tr	I	Today , everything just seemed to be in that light , and that 's the light that makes everything better , everything prettier .
tr	O	It was completely ruined , but he hung the jacket on the clothes stand to have something to do .
tr	O	It came out as a plaintive little wail , and Claire instantly felt ashamed of herself .
tr	O	She reaches a hand out and I take it without hesitation .
tr	I	I 'm tired of it being awkward , and I 'm sure you 'll be there .
tr	O	Her methods of construction were barbaric , but when the house was completed few were able to say it was not exquisite .
tr	I	Allison turned out to be pretty cool , but I was skeptical at first .
tr	O	The intensity of the blows reduced , but the frequency didn 't slow .
tr	O	His need to protect her was powerful , and one missed footfall could mean her death .
tr	O	He scrunched up his face , as if in physical pain , and it occurred to Levana that she was probably saying all the wrong things .
tr	O	My head was spinning with all of the emotions I had encountered that weekend and I was happy to crash in my bed .
tr	O	Lea tells me as she backs up toward the front door , but she looks a little worried .
tr	O	Sawyer chuckled , and just then a waiter materialized with a bread basket , followed by their regular server with their wine .
tr	I	The park is bustling and the air is crisp .
tr	I	She chastised herself for that momentary loss of control , and a soft moan escaped before she could call it back .
tr	O	Panic made her head swim and the room blurred around her .
tr	O	Our waiter came with our food , but I didn 't drop Bree 's gaze .
tr	O	The only entrance was the one that the guard had walked back into and she knew it was also locked .
tr	I	It smeared across her cheek , and Blood was on his fingers .
tr	O	Just as before , she 'd run , but he would not let her die again .
tr	O	Because I do , and I won 't sacrifice you .
tr	O	He 'd heard about kids cutting themselves , but he 'd never known anyone who did it .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure how else she expected him to behave , but it made Cheyenne feel even worse .
tr	I	The fresh , delicate scent hit her first and she opened the door to her trailer office .
tr	O	Her official name was Miss Pastry Chef , due to Yolanda 's dream occupation , but sometimes her name was shortened to Mischief .
tr	I	They followed Jacob , and she helped him to his feet .
tr	I	They are there , yet those qualities may not readily be forthcoming .
tr	I	Cade 's expression hadn 't changed , but her eyes popped open in shock .
tr	O	He 'd stepped back , but she could actually still feel him .
tr	O	Sure , they 'd only been together about a week , and no doubt more bumps would jostle them in the future .
tr	I	Suddenly I was annoyed again and Jax made her nervous .
tr	I	He looked gorgeous with a lock of his dark hair falling over his forehead and his green eyes were twinkling .
tr	I	She took it , and he offered a hand .
tr	O	Chapter 18 When she gets home she is a nervous wreck but she has reclaimed her natural calm , on the outside anyway .
tr	O	The hermit lifted his sullen gaze again and the candle flames dilated to sparkles .
tr	I	Everything was blamed on me - and I was always an afterthought .
tr	O	I gasped , but the air got stuck in my throat .
tr	I	She stopped me , but I started to stand , to take her to the door which I thought led to the bedroom .
tr	O	It was a surprise , but she defeated him easily .
tr	O	I shook my head , but it didn 't help .
tr	O	She gave him a strained smile , and he let out a disappointed breath .
tr	I	We weren 't even having sex , and I had never been so ready , so turned on .
tr	I	Another dark figure slammed him against the fence again , but Derek turned back to check on Kylie 's body .
tr	O	Wendy sat back in her chair and Carrie did a double-take .
tr	I	I said I 'll stick it out for a while , but I 'm not sure he 's got what it takes .
tr	I	They stood in the control room , watching the activity on the deck , and Captain hired a new first mate .
tr	I	It faded too fast but Caden 's soft chuckle warmed my heart .
tr	I	Maggie walked on the other , both of them with their hands on the large cluster and the Pastor walked on one side of the artifact .
tr	O	Her body 's strong reaction took precedence over common sense and she 'd run .
tr	I	He knew a lot of people and even though he worked for a small paper in a backwater market , he had been in the business forever .
tr	O	Lifting their heads , and with no signal given as far as Ransom could see , they began to sing .
tr	O	The Frost Giant looked at Odd , and Odd looked at the Frost Giant .
tr	I	I can get a word with the person listening in and we 'll know more when we get to the ball .
tr	O	Her knees buckled , but Finn caught her .
tr	I	At the last second I ducked , and wind roared .
tr	I	Then no one needs to know , and now I 'll just defeat Cain in the duel .
tr	O	He was too tall for me to see it , and that scared me almost as much as my answer .
tr	O	I don 't deserve you , but I can 't give you up , either .
tr	I	Even so , it didn 't feel stifling like it was supposed to , but he gripped her tighter .
tr	O	Jax longed to take the pain away , to make this an easier transition , but he knew that wasn 't possible .
tr	O	That was the code Fletcher had taught me and I was determined to live by it .
tr	O	The waterfall was pretty cool too , but not much water rushed from it .
tr	I	I watched her eyes absorb my words , and she blinked against the sudden brightness .
tr	I	It promised to be a beautiful day and the sun had broken through the clouds .
tr	O	The domes are very strong and they 're supported almost everywhere .
tr	O	He turned those amazing brown eyes on her and heat invaded her cheeks .
tr	I	He could barely croak the third question , and his mouth was horribly dry .
tr	I	Quality had gone up and Production had increased threefold .
tr	I	She would do it and she had a job to do .
tr	O	He 'd been on his own since his mother died , and the last man he 'd lived with was his father .
tr	I	This puzzled him very much , and the wings were perfectly recognizable .
tr	O	Ray opened the bait bucket and she dumped in the haul .
tr	O	My uncle Simon stood close to me too and he put his hand on my shoulder too .
tr	I	Her cheek became a bloody red and my hand came into contact with her skin with a satisfying crack .
tr	I	His nostrils flared and his cheeks went in .
tr	O	Her voice trailed off and I stifled a curse .
tr	I	She had no Collar to stop her , and the Shifter in her was taking over .
tr	O	Sure , Gage confessed , it did feel great but it was also tough .
tr	O	Turns out it wasn 't broken but I wasn 't going to be pitching for at least a week .
tr	O	It was perfect until she fell asleep in my arms and I knew that this should have never happened without me telling her the truth first .
tr	I	The evidence of his temper tantrum was still everywhere , but she was in his debt for helping her .
tr	O	I had come all the way to Mars and still I felt like I wasn 't far away enough from Abigail .
tr	I	Her face was still looking away from him and her hand was still protecting her left arm .
tr	O	She said we wouldn 't be harmed if we were caught by the soldiers but she knew we wanted to get here .
tr	O	He tried to resist , but the thing was far too powerful to ignore .
tr	I	She 'd be needing her strength , and she was still far too thin .
tr	I	For a time we avoided each other and our two peoples soon met .
tr	O	You 're both afraid to commit , and you 're both lonely .
tr	I	Ryan rushed over to her , and Claire dropped to the floor .
tr	O	I think it 's just scars from my past that are causing the worry , but they 're still there .
tr	O	She was still wearing a house gown but this one had a different pattern .
tr	O	She 's requested amputation multiple times , but doctors have convinced her to continue trying new treatments for now .
tr	O	The flames slowly disappeared and the blue hue that was surrounding Waldron was leaving him .
tr	O	It 's getting late , and you all have work to do .
tr	O	He looked around at the other anglers with an unspoken question in his eyes , and they all nodded .
tr	I	It wasn 't like any trip I 've ever had , but I 'm no expert .
tr	O	Those weren 't fair things to say , and they were hurtful , too .
tr	I	She glared and her back straightened .
tr	O	He started to speak , but she placed a finger on his lips to stop him .
tr	I	It wouldn 't catch but she tried her lighter .
tr	I	He was struggling to find a way to piece it back together again , and Jackson 's family had been threatened .
tr	O	She wanted to stare , to map his contours with her fingertips , but she also wanted him on her , surrounding her , inside her .
tr	O	You could 've left her alone and we could 've settled this back in Portland .
tr	I	It gets to me and because Sam 's every touch is filled with intimacy .
tr	I	She shook her head sadly , but suddenly , she didn 't feel confident about dealing with this son who was too much like his father .
tr	I	He grabbed the small green tackle box containing his first-aid gear , and there was one other item he was certain would be needed .
tr	O	Defined hip bone cuts were her weakness and he probably had those too .
tr	O	It had been over a year since I 'd been on a date , and I didn 't know what was current regarding dating protocol .
tr	O	He backed me against the fence separating the path from the vineyards and his hands groped my ass , squeezing hard .
tr	O	A slight smile lifted his lips and he nodded his acknowledgment to her .
tr	I	She ran away and we fought .
tr	I	I didn 't know how I felt about it , and that was the last thing I expected to hear .
tr	O	I say , and Star snorts .
tr	I	We also provide a sort of foundation for labs but techs are near the bottom of the totem pole around here .
tr	O	I 'd never been to Ireland , but I could hear green hills in his voice .
tr	O	She laced her fingers behind his neck and he felt her weight against him again .
tr	O	I waited for Lloyd to say I told you so , but to his credit , he didn 't .
tr	O	Leonardo was the warden and these dogs were the guards .
tr	I	It was quite another to keep his staff from their duties , but it was one thing to tell fairy stories to his daydreaming wife .
tr	O	He kissed her , and happiness exuded from his eyes .
tr	O	I 'd gone braless today , and his hands felt warm where they stroked my bare skin .
tr	O	The light touch made her heart somersault , and she felt the answering jolt in his .
tr	I	They really do have Violet inside that house , but I know some of it sounds incredible .
tr	O	If you have problems understanding anything let me know and we will work closely together until you catch up .
tr	O	When she settled down beside him , his lips curved , and his arm curled around her .
tr	I	Everyone was a little nervous about the main armament 's viability but the turret guns had been proven during the Amazon 's testing .
tr	I	I didn 't linger either , but I didn 't hurry .
tr	I	She 'll have gone to sleep and it 's late .
tr	I	There were no windows so no wind blew through the chamber , but her room lacked a hearth for a fire .
tr	O	His own desire was clawing at him , but the satisfaction of watching her come gave him the strength to ignore it all .
tr	I	Before my sights crossed him , he was gone , but I swerved my rifle towards the leader .
tr	O	She had a second helping which didn 't seem smart , but her body begged for the food .
tr	I	Seconds later his mouth was on hers , and Rose watched his head move .
tr	I	Lucien paled , even his scars blanching and Maddox told his friend what had happened .
tr	I	Her Dad bought her a car and Lilly turned seventeen a few weeks back .
tr	O	I knew this would be it for us , and I prayed that the next few months for her weren 't too painful .
tr	I	I 'm not able to withstand this one , but I 've had worse beatings in my life .
tr	O	I finally got a grip on something , so I tried to pull out , but my arm wouldn 't budge .
tr	O	Paul crossed the room , and surprising her , he offered his hand .
tr	I	There was no possibility of steering Boris but there was a cart across the street .
tr	I	My mother smiled politely , and I carefully set her down .
tr	I	It had to be said now , but he 'd never said it before .
tr	I	His shoulder was nearly dislocated and Thomas later awoke from what was a serious head injury .
tr	O	Every instinct in his body screamed for him to stop her , but he forced himself to let her go .
tr	O	The smoke in the room was getting thicker and she struggled to inhale , suddenly feeling cornered .
tr	O	Bright lights hurt my eyes after the dim isolation of my cell , but it 's better than the cacophony outside .
tr	I	It didn 't take long for me to realize this life wasn 't going to be easy , and I tried that route .
tr	O	Phoebe had conned her into joining a league , but that was another story entirely .
tr	I	We strolled up , and I accepted the hand he offered .
tr	O	The sun sank and the shadows of evening fell like a curtain .
tr	I	She glanced at me with a question in her eyes and her eyes widened .
tr	O	Gavin dressed in nice jeans after his shower but he still didn 't have a shirt on .
tr	O	The dog flinched at her accusatory tone , and Kate instantly switched to a soft , reassuring one .
tr	O	There were also dark stains on the maroon carpet , and a vague smell of food gone bad in the air .
tr	O	I 'd never felt loved by my parents but I finally found someone who loved me .
tr	I	Nell wasn 't surprised , either , but no , she didn 't remember .
tr	I	Everybody would believe it , and all he had to do was say the word at school .
tr	I	Theo reached under the bed to retrieve the bottle , and Sophie lifted her legs up .
tr	I	Now he wished he 'd already taken on the expense , and he 'd been thinking about recruiting a computer forensics expert .
tr	O	If she could speak , she 'd demand he take her , but words wouldn 't come out , only heated gasps of pleasure .
tr	I	The other coachman grabbed his coat , but the man lumbered forward , growling .
tr	I	I ducked back out of the way , and Jasmine swung the sword at me again .
tr	O	She tried again , and this time it started to open .
tr	I	They 'll do it and give them a chance !
tr	O	It was a large room with storage bins in the far corner and he could hear the hum of the furnace .
tr	O	She saw a shadow pass over his features , but he said nothing to her .
tr	O	he asked , and Abe nodded .
tr	I	Now playing a game of tag and laughing .
tr	O	She volunteered to help Rosa make dinner , but Rosa said she didn 't need help .
tr	I	It was like a taste of freedom , and Lara held the money in her hand .
tr	O	His stomach rumbled , and he wanted food , too .
tr	I	I threw him to the ground and he screamed .
tr	I	He did lead me to the rental hut just up the beach , but he rolled his eyes .
tr	I	The giant did not appear but he waited a little while .
tr	I	It just came out as a whisper , but I tried to say it forcefully .
tr	O	Your mouth says one thing , but your beautiful eyes say another .
tr	O	She lets go of my hand and her eyes lock on the lake .
tr	I	She cringed , stepping away , and Alejo laid a hand on her shoulder .
tr	O	His entire practice was devoted to corporate law , but in this case he had made an exception .
tr	I	Ann would have no proof and you could destroy the papers .
tr	I	Already as many were on the ground as on the trees , and the more brilliant colors of the leaves had faded to brown .
tr	O	The idea of this visit was torture to me , yet I could not refuse .
tr	O	Dusk was settling heavily over the city , and I knew it would be dark soon .
tr	I	It seemed stunningly intimate , but she had nothing to compare it to .
tr	O	Behind him , Maya shook her head no , but Dex was already tugging at his bracelet again .
tr	O	He felt dimly alarmed at what she had said , but he still couldn 't put anything together .
tr	O	Taylor already checked and the parasite is all over the place .
tr	O	The valet took our keys and Tristan led me through the doors as if seeing his father was the most natural thing in the world .
tr	I	Whatever form they now had they were far more serious than before , and the tumors were back .
tr	I	He thought he saw Joe wink at Linda during the introduction , but David couldn 't be sure .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but his hand was cool .
tr	O	His gaze dropped to it and he muttered something under his breath .
tr	O	He could still see the officers ' faces as he tore down the driveway , and he was soaring .
tr	I	The bread will be ready any minute , and the soup is ready for you .
tr	I	I had flashed through my mind and all the troubles Martin .
tr	I	They didn 't rile easily and they were good people .
tr	O	I 'm not certain but I guess it 's your eyes .
tr	I	He won 't object to having the night off either , but he will be ever so disappointed .
tr	O	Max had earned the Sikorsky , and he wouldn 't walk away from his friend .
tr	I	Finally I would receive the rest that I so desperately needed and the stress of our situation had compounded itself .
tr	O	Lucy cried out in an inarticulate roar , but Frank didn 't let her pull away .
tr	I	I still can 't move , but the flash of memory fades .
tr	O	The slurs continued the entire walk back to The Clarissa , mostly mumbling , but the occasional ones were quite loud .
tr	O	We ran to the full length mirror , and his smile stretched from ear to ear .
tr	I	I knew it was a bad time to take a set break and the crowd loved our performance .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I tried to tell myself to stop .
tr	I	That was what made Ash so cautious , and as Vito users were rare , the government actively scouted Vito users in Sarum .
tr	O	He said it softly , imperiously , and no one dared argue with him .
tr	I	Another narrowly missed his left hand , and an arrow stuck just inches from his head .
tr	O	Then he chose another , but I grabbed his hand .
tr	I	I had to stop this before I lost control of the situation , and the emotions of the past were threatening to overwhelm me .
tr	I	He refused to let her do anything because she had been carrying Stephanie and he did a great job with everything .
tr	I	I 'm still here , but they tried their best .
tr	O	Cameron told him , and Finley jumped up .
tr	O	Holden raises an eyebrow in my direction and I shrug .
tr	I	I tried it myself and she was showing me her ability .
tr	I	He began to purr and I stroked his velvety fur .
tr	I	Nobody truly thought I didn 't pull my weight , and the summer had been tough on all of us .
tr	O	SoCal was about to lose millions and they would have no legal recourse .
tr	I	I don 't know how long it will take me to make amends with Holly , and it always will .
tr	O	Olivia laughed and he joined .
tr	I	I still see the visions but I close my eyes .
tr	I	I have no idea how , but I would wake myself up .
tr	O	You have the means to disappear and I will be without my credits .
tr	I	The affidavit might be a strong enough tool for some initial leverage , but Paul wasn 't sure what kind of a witness she would make .
tr	I	He 's been different since Robin showed up , but I don 't want to doubt how Mason feels about me , about my family .
tr	I	By that time , the Oak Island treasure was already placed , and the State House he was coming from was finished in 1798 .
tr	O	She 'd feared that , but having it confirmed scared the spit out of her .
tr	I	She should definitely not perform witchcraft in front of them , and she knew she shouldn 't harm them .
tr	I	She saw that he was as scared as she was , and the corner of his eye twitched .
tr	I	His face was ashen , and his eyes were blazing .
tr	I	Those problems affected our marriage , and we were having fertility problems .
tr	O	Jill wasn 't ugly , but she wasn 't remarkable either .
tr	O	They swirl around the small ballroom , and April finds me in the corner .
tr	O	A faint grin told her he wanted to give her a snappy comeback , but he didn 't have the energy to deliver it .
tr	O	Young men always think that they 're the ones who make these decisions , but they tend to overlook certain realities in these matters .
tr	O	He read quickly , scanning the lines , and he looked up at his guards .
tr	O	I fell in step beside him , and we walked through the raised gate .
tr	I	A gun lies across his lap , and he is dressed in camouflage again .
tr	O	As for herself , she felt the same happiness and belonging that she always did when she came home .
tr	O	the voice uttered , and the room shook .
tr	O	He took the time to lock those doors as well , and then they walked to the L station together .
tr	I	They came forward cautiously , and screeched Abbas .
tr	I	She swallowed gently , trying to ignore the sudden ... awareness ... between them , and her throat had dried .
tr	I	A quick smile appears on his face , and he pauses for a second in the middle of his sentence .
tr	I	I have two very important things that I need to tell you , but diana , I don 't have time to explain everything right now .
tr	I	Some light still slips through the shutters in the kitchen , but the gel blacks out any natural daylight in the front .
tr	I	I 'd already gone through costuming , and the crews put a lot of effort into getting things ready .
tr	O	Uriah tries to bump Zeke 's elbow before he throws , to mess him up , but Zeke is too quick for him .
tr	I	I follow him blindly and Dante tugs at my hand .
tr	O	I can see their point , but I can see the point of the protesters burning it down .
tr	O	You know it , and I know it .
tr	I	He doesn 't make eye contact , but he looks in my direction .
tr	I	It was obvious that the hand did not belong to a person used to opening things , but it played with it for a while .
tr	I	A small build and she had long dark hair .
tr	O	He put the scourge back down , and Gabriel released his held breath .
tr	I	The latest creep was on his own and she was home from school .
tr	I	The amusement in it disappeared , and his voice dropped even further .
tr	I	A similar looking guy got out , and the door to the Ferrari opened .
tr	I	He closed his eyes and she rested her palm on his forehead .
tr	O	I returned there years ago , but the bridge had been destroyed .
tr	O	She never has , and I have always kept it from her .
tr	I	He desperately tries to get away and she releases Jason 's shirt .
tr	I	They might as well have been his , but they were the laments of other people .
tr	I	He didn 't turn around and even though she hit him a couple times , he didn 't slow down .
tr	O	Sometimes it 's hard to recognize her , but the bonds of love will always be there .
tr	I	I know he doesn 't quite buy it and he looks dubious .
tr	I	He didn 't budge , but she 'd corrected him .
tr	I	No one offered any alternative suggestions , but he heard whispering from his guards .
tr	I	He worked to regain control now that the monster was sated , and the monster 's gloating satisfaction grated against Iain .
tr	I	Utter darkness engulfed her and the silence of a tomb descended .
tr	I	Under any other circumstances , I would object , and such an invasion into one 's life is hardly desirable .
tr	I	Sometimes there 's no choice , but I don 't like being a conduit .
tr	I	There was another form of darkness infecting my world , one born out of fear , but the failing lights caused the darkness in Danton .
tr	O	I want to sell this house for you and my rates are lower than the bigger outfits .
tr	O	The tears threatened to spill out , and Andrea blinked them back .
tr	O	Gol 's eye closed and she let out a sigh .
tr	I	I think he meant the husband and he flapped a hand .
tr	I	Their parents didn 't want them to and these kids didn 't need to work .
tr	I	His soul ruined it , but his new body was just as good-looking as the last .
tr	I	We 'll go ours and once we get rid of the MPs , they 'll go on their way .
tr	I	I know he 's not smiling , but I can 't see his eyes .
tr	I	Hatch found himself staring into those soulless , unreadable eyes and Kincaid 's head came up .
tr	O	She shuffled her feet , and that rock in her stomach took it all the way to the floor .
tr	O	She 's grabbed a professional make-up mirror and she 's applying eyeliner with determination .
tr	I	Doing things that made her happy , and she 'd concentrate on her business , her friends .
tr	I	I couldn 't even look at him , but I could see Noah staring at me out of the side of my eye .
tr	I	I heard the phone begin to ring and I dialed the number .
tr	I	It started to buzz , and she glanced at it .
tr	O	She sniffed again , and her stomach pinched .
tr	I	The tone she used told him that this mattered , but they never talked about much , at least not anything that really mattered .
tr	O	I 've done favors for them occasionally and sometimes they do favors for me in return .
tr	O	One body touches another that touches another without any insecurity , and I wish I weren 't the only one to see the beauty in it .
tr	O	I can barely start a fire , and he can annihilate an entire castle !
tr	O	Its eyes were on top of its head , as if it could see in all directions at once , but it clearly had a face .
tr	I	Rafe 's hands clenched into fists , and his action was designed to provoke .
tr	O	She broke the embrace , and I heard her dive under the water .
tr	I	This was definitely my most intimidating encounter , but I had been through airport security a number of times .
tr	I	Astonishingly she made no effort to struggle out of his grasp , but she frowned .
tr	I	Now I knew for sure she had my back , but Juanita could be a thorn in my conversational side .
tr	I	At least he wouldn 't feel it now , but it would take a couple of minutes to repair the damage .
tr	I	They held up nicely even without their support , and she was very proud of them , actually .
tr	O	He reaches for the bottom of my dress , and with one swift movement , he pulls it over my head .
tr	I	Then she ate , and Luna turned her iPod volume a little higher .
tr	I	I saw the hurt there , too , but he looked furious .
tr	O	He touches the tears rolling down my face and I 'm so humiliated I almost don 't know what to say .
tr	O	They were knowledge , and they were hers .
tr	I	She straightened up and my arms dropped .
tr	O	One police officer suggested we might both like some tea , and I remembered to put a few drops of Star of Bethlehem into each cup .
tr	O	I had to stand on my tiptoes to keep from blacking out , but even then I couldn 't get much air in my lungs .
tr	O	It was cold out there , bitterly cold , but she barely felt the ice around her .
tr	I	I wondered what kind of light was being released into the darkness outside and branches of gold stemmed up my arms like leaks from my bubbly wrists .
tr	O	I got out of the car , and he met me on the sidewalk .
tr	I	She had plenty , and accessories were everything .
tr	O	It was as if they could sense the blood pumping through millions of vessels nearby , but they couldn 't figure out how to get to it .
tr	I	He seemed to be doing better already , but Blood had formed at the corners of his mouth .
tr	O	He took the cup from her , and he did drink the thick chocolate in one gulp .
tr	I	God seemed to really be blessing their work , and Kelly had received several letters from her aunt .
tr	O	I gag , the emotion too strong for me to contain , and James slams on the brakes , guiding us to the shoulder .
tr	I	Suddenly , she wanted to see him smile , too , but she still wanted to kiss him , of course .
tr	O	He was an owner , and she was his property .
tr	I	When I tried to reach for it , I couldn 't , and it came to rest in the mud .
tr	O	Pa asked , but there was no sting in his words .
tr	O	I hated arguing with people and he was , as I had pointed out , being ridiculous .
tr	I	It wasn 't George who stood on her step , but she swung the door wide .
tr	I	He didn 't raise the matter , but you would have thought he could have obtained that information from the nurse , thought McBride .
tr	I	These two were complete strangers , but I might give Jonah information .
tr	I	He wasn 't having it , but I put my arms around his waist , trying to make space .
tr	O	They are only meant to help , and if they do not help you can drop them .
tr	I	The clouds lightened , and the waves slowed .
tr	I	She wasn 't surprised , and the door was unlocked .
tr	O	You won 't believe this , but he was right .
tr	O	I run , letting my legs be the weapon and they rise to the challenge , chasing after me .
tr	O	he asked Stephanie on an enraged whisper but his eyes never left me .
tr	I	There is no going back , and there is no hiding .
tr	O	She didn 't know anything of the sort , but it sounded good .
tr	I	The fire burned hotter in her eyes , and her face became hard as she listened .
tr	I	Its idea is in consideration but Woodpecker still has not decided .
tr	I	It really wasn 't at all , but his hair was all sweaty like it was hot out .
tr	I	I had hoped that it was all a dream and the cold wind put goosebumps on my bare arms .
tr	I	Her body was exquisite , made for him , the perfect fit , but he had known they were meant for one another .
tr	I	He had raised some response from her earlier and he was a handsome man .
tr	I	It had never failed him , and he had used the gum on many occasions .
tr	I	Quin , I 'm pissed as hell about this , but I 'm sure it 's the whole blood rose thing .
tr	I	It seemed to know exactly what to do , but she didn 't know where this was coming from .
tr	O	He now had a surprised look on his face and no eyebrows left to raise .
tr	I	They 're universally asked by stupid people at stupid times in stupid meetings and there are stupid questions .
tr	O	Tracks zigzagged across the snow , and I was careful to step in them , not leaving any trace I was there .
tr	O	The curtains had been pulled back from one tall window , and pale silver light poured into the room like a rain of needles .
tr	O	Stella elbowed me in the side and I playfully pushed her back .
tr	O	Unable to help herself , and because she wanted the memory of Jason 's hands on her to be wiped away , she moved closer .
tr	O	She turned toward him and his lips brushed lightly against her cheek .
tr	I	I patted his back , and he raised an eyebrow .
tr	I	I 'll never come back and I 'll leave right now .
tr	O	She knew not , only that his mouth parted and his tongue stroked warmly over hers , returning her kiss in full measure .
tr	I	His senses took flight and the glare captivated him .
tr	I	Her back hardened and her heart ached .
tr	O	Another two weeks passed on water and finally they reached a port in southern Spain .
tr	I	She might have been an eighth grader who took different classes than me , but I think she was in seventh grade .
tr	I	It cost them so many lives and it was the old honorable way .
tr	I	It didn 't register but Jenny heard the question .
tr	O	She 'd been given too much and he 'd been given too little .
tr	I	There 's nothing to do for it except to do it , but that would be my luck .
tr	O	Memories were there , but they were hazy .
tr	I	I tried to roll away and the attacker 's weight shifted .
tr	O	He seemed like my only connection right now , and I suddenly liked the idea of surprising him .
tr	O	Daniel is staring at me from over by the table and my mom looks like she 's on the verge of tears .
tr	O	The spring rains have passed , and the dusty heat that comes later hasn 't yet arrived .
tr	O	The only possibility was that someone was hiding him , but there were no clues .
tr	I	They could catch a bite to eat -- Stacy 's treat and she would pick her up .
tr	I	She did her best to keep a smile on her face , but a sickly little fluttering stab of pain went through Amara 's belly .
tr	I	I left out the information I wanted to tell Rich in person , but it was more detailed that the ones before .
tr	O	I couldn 't put the photo down and I simply kept staring at it .
tr	O	At first she was too surprised to kiss him back , but his touch sparked a heat that rose within her .
tr	I	He shoves me back into the wall and I scream .
tr	O	Her hair is down around her shoulders , and her face is clean of any makeup .
tr	I	My heart stopped when I saw Skylar 's number on the caller id and I reached for my phone .
tr	O	He was sneaky , and I was stupid .
tr	I	I didn 't know how to respond to those accusations and my mouth dropped open in surprise .
tr	O	Her voice had fallen to a whisper , but there was more pleading in that whisper than if she 'd shouted .
tr	O	I 'm still Rhett Madison and I 'm still a badass .
tr	I	I cleared my throat , and I was consumed by the need to say something in the still .
tr	O	A laugh escaped against her will and she buried her face in his shoulder to hide her smile .
tr	O	His eyes didn 't open and he didn 't move .
tr	I	He groaned as he blinked rapidly and the light blinded him for a moment .
tr	I	She doesn 't waste a second tearing open the wrapping paper and I nod .
tr	O	The other three were in hot pursuit , but it was too little too late .
tr	I	Cain had kept the barrier in place , refusing her entrance , but she prodded at his thoughts .
tr	O	Opening the windows helped alleviate his headache but it wasn 't enough .
tr	O	I had thought I would find a suitable replacement before you arrived , but I haven 't .
tr	I	Giving me honest feedback , even though you knew it might hurt my feelings and thank you for beta reading .
tr	I	My Lord of Darkness has sent me , and I have come in search of you .
tr	I	Soon Evie found herself embroiled in the Soho underworld , and they specialised in renting places out to prostitutes .
tr	I	The famed torchlight parade was scheduled for that evening and several Navy ships were docked in Elliott Bay .
tr	O	I will fight for you , and I will not give up .
tr	O	Helen 's fingers flew across the keyboard , and a moment later , she looked up .
tr	I	Eddie straightened up in his desk , and the bell rang .
tr	O	She tried to muster a smile , but her mouth felt too heavy .
tr	O	Your stockings were the simple tan kind and you were wearing the ugliest brown shoes that my grandmother would be ashamed to wear .
tr	I	He felt like a stranger , but it felt so good to be close to him again .
tr	I	He will scratch the back of his friend if he is not smashing it and give the same brush to a monkey .
tr	O	It sensed that Vaughn was near , and I could only imagine what he was doing .
tr	O	We felt the survivor 's shame , and we thought all was lost for us .
tr	I	Then out of the blue a little West Highland white terrier appeared , and they searched all around them .
tr	O	His eyes were far away , but slowly he was coming back .
tr	O	To continue the masquerade he 'd have to lie openly not just by omission and he detested liars .
tr	I	I could see that the stone had rolled away from the front of the tomb and the lens readjusted to the light .
tr	I	Flung himself below the edge of the cart , and then he caught sight of a watchman ahead .
tr	I	Neighbors are still neighbors and the people are caring .
tr	I	Blue jeans were the most unforgiving of the clothing chain , and her clothes no longer fit .
tr	I	I don 't go the whole way but I 'm a gangster .
tr	I	Jasper 's instincts were telling him it was true , but they 'd check the story on the shrink .
tr	O	Didn 't sound like he was a threat , but he definitely looked like one .
tr	I	The creases had been carefully pressed out so that the paper would not wear along them , but the pages had been folded for delivery .
tr	O	The petals were all crushed and she indignantly hovered above the prostrate form , wings beating furiously , as she dusted herself off .
tr	I	Thankfully , our dinner waited for us , and my guests had made themselves at home on the porch where I had left them .
tr	O	Levi 's jaw tightened , and his eyes became fierce .
tr	I	His helmet rolled off in the fray , and he faltered for a moment , losing his grip on the sword .
tr	O	I give another long pause , knowing there 's no point in asking , but I can 't help it .
tr	O	There were still photographers outside as Craig shepherded us into the SUV , but their questions had changed .
tr	O	You will respect her and you will respect your father .
tr	I	I didn 't answer her , and she asked .
tr	I	I didn 't know you were there and my sight is not good .
tr	I	I couldn 't say that I wouldn 't , either , but I couldn 't say that I would like the piercings .
tr	I	It seemed like the most natural thing in the world , and they held hands on the way back to the office .
tr	O	I 've missed him too and I just want to be close to him even if it 's just for a few minutes .
tr	O	It was always unnerving for her , climbing down into the darkness like that , and she shuddered .
tr	I	Derek started going through the guns that the team had left behind before we went traversing through the jungle and the trunk opened .
tr	O	Megan had a breakfast meeting , and Brenda was out of town .
tr	I	We watch the three sons swimming in the pond , and the three of us sit on the bench .
tr	O	The bird quieted and the wind ceased .
tr	I	I deflect the object to the other side , and instinctively my arm flicks back out .
tr	I	A few of the mercenaries started a raucous drinking song around the fire , and the soldiers brushed their horses down .
tr	I	He sank his small body down as if he possessed the weight of a horse , but the boy obeyed .
tr	I	I will always love you and I am your mother .
tr	I	She couldn 't even look at him , but he came to say goodbye .
tr	O	They probably don 't even know I 'm there , but I can 't help it .
tr	O	I married your mother for love , but she only wanted my money .
tr	O	He greeted Neil when they were introduced , but he clearly wanted to talk to his daughter .
tr	I	That was saying a lot because Lyle hardly liked anyone at all , and Lyle actually liked John .
tr	I	This time I was the one who drew him closer , and I wrapped my arms around his neck .
tr	I	He felt the need to relieve himself and his stomach turned .
tr	O	Jem has proposed to me , and I have said yes .
tr	O	His eyes rolled to the back of his head , and I laughed as he fainted .
tr	I	He was left on his own waiting , and soon they were taking her to X-ray .
tr	I	He hadn 't exactly offered up one of his dresser drawers , and she 'd been careful not to leave clothes at his apartment .
tr	I	At least you 're safe now , but I wanted to be with you .
tr	O	Leah put her arm around Sarah and they embraced .
tr	I	The names of the seven sisters are the seven sisters from Greek mythology and the name Pleiades comes from Greek mythology .
tr	O	It wouldn 't last long , and then she would be his .
tr	I	He felt a pull on the rope attached to his waist , and Sigi yelled at him once again .
tr	O	I stare down the ladder well , but all I see are reflections of Strange 's blue light in the square tunnel .
tr	I	She moaned , gripping onto his shoulders , scoring his skin with her nails and his tongue slid into her mouth .
tr	I	The veil of water parts in the center allowing her passage into it , and the melody echo 's through the long cave before her .
tr	I	My eyes were filling , and I swallowed with difficulty .
tr	I	I don 't hate you , Will , but it was a terrible , terrible thing .
tr	O	I don 't have a driver 's license , but I do have a little Vespa that I use every so often .
tr	O	It 's our job to keep you from making bad decisions and the one you 're making right now is colossal .
tr	I	Ellie realized it was in an effort to distract herself , and then Emma started to speak again .
tr	I	The lump in my throat remained , but I swallowed .
tr	O	He 'd seen that look on other women , in other places , and he hated it .
tr	I	Zoe nervously took the seat and Marco moved to hold out her chair .
tr	O	It was Liv 's voice , and there was a tremble running through it now .
tr	I	He hated being angry , and he didn 't like thinking that because it made him angry .
tr	I	The King entered and the door opened .
tr	I	These we sack for goods , and other buildings have been abandoned , however .
tr	O	I realize the car is overturned on its side , but the windows are still intact from the impact .
tr	O	She struggled wildly against the two men holding her , but she was no match for them .
tr	I	I follow him , and he keeps going , naturally .
tr	I	I fought it down , but a quick pulse of terror pushed through me .
tr	O	Good men would eventually come to expect more and she didn 't have it to give .
tr	O	Hands landed on me , but my skin felt detached .
tr	O	They were beautiful and one day he would put them in his house .
tr	I	He could never remove those words , but he could give her unconditional love .
tr	O	I looked at him , and he looked at me .
tr	I	As the pain in the side of his head blazed into existence , Cricket made one final promise , and Helpless as the music took him .
tr	O	Because Italy means flying somewhere together and I can barely keep my hands off you now .
tr	I	She seemed to reconsider what it was that she was going to say , but Ashley 's mouth started to open .
tr	I	This story took the cake but Tessa was a flighty one .
tr	I	Basha was afraid for a minute that he would cry and Jobe took a deep breath to calm himself .
tr	I	Ray was aware of more than Deckard might 've guessed , but Deckard told him what he thought he might believe .
tr	O	I breathe deeply , and for the first time in a long while I feel a lessening of the usual restlessness inside me .
tr	I	He rushed from it , Jess alongside him and the elevator stopped in time .
tr	I	Patrice didn 't have to know that , but I was counting my own birthday parties when I was a kid .
tr	I	This is not me , but I look down at the stained cloth that covers me .
tr	I	They felt wonderful on her cheek , and those lips had always felt good .
tr	O	The school he was most impressed with was Stanford University , but it was far enough away from Auburn that they would have to move .
tr	O	The light over the slot machine lit up and silver dollars began to pour into the tray .
tr	I	Recently I gained my mother , and soon I would be a mother .
tr	I	She gulped with relief and it was heaven compared to the stench in the air .
tr	I	His grandmother didn 't , but I had my eyes closed .
tr	I	He came with everything that scared her , but she wanted to be with him .
tr	I	The wires were nowhere in sight , but Frank looked around the small garage .
tr	O	The town was looted and nature had taken over .
tr	I	Just the way he 's acting tells me that he knows something , but I 'm still not sure if he knows exactly who I am .
tr	O	He chuckles , but his features tell me he regrets talking to me about this .
tr	O	His fingers played with the ends of my hair and he kissed me on the top of the head .
tr	O	Just looking at the man gave her chills , but what he said next had every sense reeling .
tr	I	All I could do was laugh , and he had me by my shirt .
tr	I	Listening did sound easier than obeying , and she wanted to honor them though .
tr	O	Tristan chuckled , and she pushed him playfully .
tr	O	He asked her for another plastic bag and she provided it .
tr	O	Sure enough , as the guard had told them , there was the Invisible Mage , but more important , right opposite was a livery .
tr	O	We entwined our fingers and I closed my eyes .
tr	I	He knew the police probably had his DNA on file from before , and one slip-up could leave forensic evidence tying him to the crime .
tr	I	No words come out and my mouth pops open .
tr	I	Breathing well but she 's feverish .
tr	I	He ignored it and the telephone on the table beside him began ringing .
tr	I	Desire clawed at his gut in a way that was only too familiar and Avery grinned at him .
tr	O	I shrieked and Bain 's hold tightened around me .
tr	O	She could hear his footsteps approach , and her anger grew .
tr	O	Billy Turner the Englishman , the human , was long gone , and that saddened me greatly .
tr	O	I tried to call my necromancy , like I had in the restaurant , but the lion was too loud in my head .
tr	I	I couldn 't believe her composure , and Elsa didn 't bothered to check .
tr	O	He went with the Hunter into battle , and only luck let him endure the massacre .
tr	O	Susan felt strangely at home in their company , and this had earned guarded praise from Miss Butts .
tr	I	The play began , and in a moment Martin had passed around the cards .
tr	O	Aran 's fear was now creeping back in and this was the moment he dreaded .
tr	I	She interrupts , but I open my mouth to protest .
tr	O	I felt like I had lost my balance and the whole world was spinning away from me .
tr	I	Financial stability often fostered the mental opposite , and the coastline brought money .
tr	O	She shifted up to her fastest state , and everything slowed again .
tr	I	I covered my face with my hands , my shoulders shaking with my gasping sobs and tears spilled over my cheeks .
tr	O	He smirked , but the tension between us made him withhold comment .
tr	I	There was no moving him , but I pushed against his chest to get some air .
tr	O	Only Aaron remained , and he didn 't look at all concerned .
tr	I	Today its threats are not empty , but the Aether looked fierce last night .
tr	O	The Internet was down , and no communications were possible .
tr	O	We 'll have a bite to eat and you can tell me about the Bentley .
tr	I	She slid back down its side almost immediately , but Boots was trying to climb out of the pit .
tr	I	He was so incredibly giving and he asked her for nothing .
tr	O	Julie cried out at each self-injury , and Ethan moved to stop her attack .
tr	I	I could see the childhood racism in her eyes , and she took one look at us .
tr	I	I heard crunching in the lane , and I angled to lever my leg out .
tr	I	He 'd stick to it and he 'd made the deal .
tr	O	The German surrender had been officially accepted and these women wanted the killing to stop .
tr	I	He backed through the door into the lobby , and his fingers found only empty space .
tr	I	I nodded , knowing a physical touch from his father to me could send Jack right over the edge and my mom shook his hand again .
tr	O	Avril could , though , and it was dark red .
tr	O	Jimmy 's always been a bride 's maid and he 's past due having his own command .
tr	O	Julie helped him off the ground , and he folded his arm around her slim body .
tr	I	She would water his bloodline and he was too great a Mage .
tr	I	She smelled like his own soap but he bent forward , inhaling her fresh scent .
tr	I	We 'll meet up and call in the morning .
tr	O	resting against the wall 's parapet and staring out over the city of Kae .
tr	O	The air was still cold , and the water was like ice .
tr	O	The muscles in my back loosened , but the muscles in my chest seemed to seize .
tr	O	I felt a presence behind me and my breath stopped .
tr	I	My breath caught and his eyes flared .
tr	I	It was a half-hearted attempt so she didn 't let go until he yelled at her , but he tried to pull away from her .
tr	O	The projection reminded me a lot of what Nate looked like , but I saw the black star he described marking me as different .
tr	I	At least , I think she 's his ex , or Travis Murray is accused of hooking up with his ex-girlfriend .
tr	I	I could not take my eyes off them , but none of them looked me in the eye .
tr	O	His face had been in shadow before , but the movement brought him into the dim light offered by the blinds at the window .
tr	I	She froze , and her eyes met mine .
tr	I	She didn 't have the strength to fight and her perfect little world was beginning to crumble around her .
tr	I	He lifted her easily to her feet and she took his hand .
tr	I	She wished she 'd never said a word and Smith didn 't say anything for a long moment .
tr	I	There 's still a slight tremor in my fingertips , but I 'm trying to stop my hand from shaking .
tr	O	Hubbard 's hand moved reflexively to a small canister at his belt , but Beatriz stopped him .
tr	O	An ugly abandoned feeling wells up inside me and it 's very familiar .
tr	O	Her hand is gently caressing my chest and damn , the afterglow feels good with her .
tr	O	He 'd get chased , but they 'd have a hell of a time pursuing him across galaxies .
tr	O	Jonathan sided with Claire and they both were not Zane fans .
tr	O	It 's a steep incline and the water makes it slippery .
tr	O	She would have actually apologized to the man for it , but apparently Belmont had done all the talking he felt he needed to .
tr	O	I have been for a long time now , and I don 't see that changing anytime soon .
tr	I	I nodded but I didn 't understand really .
tr	I	There were others coming to its aid and I shouted out that the creature was actually not alone .
tr	O	The pep talk doesn 't work on my eyelids , and they fall heavily close .
tr	O	My heart was ready to beat out of my chest , and I knew I was blushing .
tr	O	I almost didn 't graduate high school and I had to go to one year of community college before any college would accept me .
tr	I	I was hungry and my feet hurt .
tr	I	Yet there was no answer and Danny 's home phone ran once , twice , then several times .
tr	I	I think I can make you happy , and I think you 're an amazing girl .
tr	O	The weather was getting colder , and although the large outdoor swimming pool was now finished , no-one ventured in .
tr	O	Gemma appeared and in her hands were three big leather-bound books .
tr	O	I had a horrible moment where I thought she was going to try to maim me , but she just started stroking in the most blatant come-on .
tr	I	I know for a fact that isn 't true , but it 's like he 's never heard the word before .
tr	I	Too quickly the reunion was over , and Time was not on our side .
tr	O	Bash undid the clasp of Grace 's bathing suit and her hands went instantly to her breasts .
tr	O	He motions toward an upholstered chair in the corner of the room , and she sits .
tr	I	He 'd waited this long to have his chance at her and T was as if the last years hadn 't existed .
tr	I	She wouldn 't discourage Bryan from doing what he thought was his duty , but Mrs. Perkins was probably sleeping .
tr	I	The fuel is leaking from so many places I can 't patch it and the thrusters won 't even relight .
tr	O	They took the stairs to the third floor , and Dan stopped outside Andrew 's room .
tr	O	I settled her in bed , and Clare pulled out her pajamas .
tr	I	The stars were washed out behind the glare of stadium lights , but he glanced up at the sky .
tr	I	Her eyes narrowed as she made sense of the name , and confusion creased her forehead .
tr	I	They looked up , away from the fire and there was a sudden knock at the door .
tr	I	He 's right now , and he was right in the museum simulation .
tr	I	Once he noticed her , he couldn 't stop watching , but James wasn 't sure what had originally attracted his attention .
tr	I	The light was fading even further , and the sun was beginning to set .
tr	I	That wouldn 't help Eloise , and now he was jealous again .
tr	I	She couldn 't lift her head , but she heard someone enter the room .
tr	I	I couldn 't answer , couldn 't put forth the words explaining what I was doing , what I wanted and Air caught in my throat .
tr	I	I just didn 't care , but the ringtone kept blaring .
tr	O	He was turning that gun on you and you wouldn 't have shifted fast enough .
tr	I	He didn 't see , but Alma smiled at him .
tr	O	McCoy hadn 't expected to fall in love with her , but it had happened anyway .
tr	O	I mean , do you and Kiran want to stay here ?
tr	O	Her eyes widened and her lips slightly parted in recognition .
tr	O	He knew what she needed , and he gave it to her .
tr	O	It isn 't my money , but it 's still a bunch .
tr	O	His long fingers slipped under the hem of my shirt , and I jerked when they touched my skin .
tr	I	You can go and give us the boy .
tr	I	In the histories it was the dragons , but in the stories , the knights triumphed .
tr	O	His smile faded and his lips thinned .
tr	I	Yet I dare not speak out against them , for fear of my life , and I am the Governor of this world .
tr	I	Doing drugs is bad , and Marijuana 's a drug .
tr	O	I felt like that whole situation was her idea somehow , but I was trying to think more positive about this girl .
tr	O	He didn 't turn , but he did stop playing .
tr	I	They were astonished by its sharpness , and they had never seen metal before .
tr	O	He pointed to the right and Howie led the way again .
tr	I	She could play it a whole lot better than all of them combined and well , fine , two could play this game .
tr	O	He spoke casually , but his mind was racing .
tr	O	She looked at me and her brow furrowed angrily .
tr	O	He 'd given Roy his word he 'd help her and he would .
tr	I	She knows now she can heal , and the doubt that 's haunted her , the self-hatred , eases slightly .
tr	I	She sounded annoyed and Lucky 's voice rose .
tr	O	Business slumped and her father closed more than half of his stores around the United States .
tr	I	He thought she was asleep and she didn 't say anything for several moments .
tr	O	I try to reach down with my left hand to grab the rail but it 's too awkward of a position to maintain my balance .
tr	I	It was a far cry from the worst living conditions I 've been in , but it wasn 't the Ritz .
tr	O	A good place to break an ankle , but I was angry enough not to care .
tr	O	It 's your kingdom , but I think draining the fens might turn into quite a chore .
tr	O	I know her name , and that 's about it .
tr	I	Maybe it was just my imagination , or his gaze lingered on my face .
tr	I	Viper warily raised his hands in a gesture of peace , and there was nothing to read on the bronzed face .
tr	I	He 'd flinched , letting her know she 'd hit a target herself , but his eyes narrowed as they looked at her , still glacial .
tr	I	The desire pumping through him edged back just a little and he stiffened .
tr	O	The little groups reconvened themselves , and the idle chitchat of folks waiting against their wishes continued .
tr	I	She pulled away from the wall , and she said as I backed off .
tr	O	Mallory still floated in front of him and it was difficult to shake her image .
tr	O	Contentment warmed her entire body and she smiled in satisfaction , marveling at how happy she was at this precise moment .
tr	I	Hecate nodded and someone yelled .
tr	I	Mom began passing the food around and a few moments later we were all sitting at the table .
tr	O	A sliver of light from the closest cabin catches my eye , and Gary walks toward Bishop 's door .
tr	I	My back tenses up and a harsh voice calls out .
tr	I	There were obvious hints of fatigue in the coarseness of it but her voice was soft .
tr	I	She was getting more confused by the minute and she had no earthly idea what was going on .
tr	O	It took me to the mortal world but everything was in black in white .
tr	O	He smiled at this , and he nodded .
tr	I	His stomach was burning and Everything looked good .
tr	I	My mom went back to Deerfield Beach , and the summer ended .
tr	I	He didn 't bother trying to flirt with me and I had nothing to say to Xavier .
tr	I	Karen managed to dodge , but Lea attacked with a right straight .
tr	O	If they were at odds , I couldn 't tell , and there wasn 't any obviously negative magic in the air .
tr	I	I crawled into the backseat , and he held open the door .
tr	I	Their eyes meet and he looks up from what he is doing .
tr	I	We have to win and this has to end .
tr	I	She shook her head angrily and Sarah 's blood pressure rose .
tr	O	Candace apparently tried to sit up , but Gabby wasn 't having it .
tr	O	Beth glanced out the window as Josh and the boys disappeared out of the cove .
tr	I	He gave it to me quickly , but his eyebrows pulled together in confusion .
tr	I	It 's almost like the car is driving itself , and then something loosens in the pedal .
tr	I	I immediately jumped off the golf cart and we pulled up at the pool shed .
tr	O	Dead wood was scarcer here than in the forest and throwing together a small fire took some time .
tr	O	A form that was in the dark started approaching them and suddenly a deep raspy voice came out of the shadows .
tr	I	You were a part of the original Serenity group , and you were an awesome mom to us both .
tr	O	A shout went up through the courtyard and the men pressed forward , eager to see the impending clash .
tr	I	She didn 't say no , either but Calla didn 't say yes .
tr	O	Without thought he stepped across the threshold but a shocking smell assaulted him .
tr	I	For the hundredth time , I almost told her about Buck , and she frowned , thinking .
tr	O	This house is much larger than our old one , and there is not nearly enough stuff to fill it .
tr	O	He sat in a strip club all night and he 's not drinking ?
tr	O	She was beautiful before and she 's beautiful now .
tr	O	For a moment the reality of it all touched her mind , and she couldn 't breathe , her lungs refusing to work properly .
tr	O	The law won 't allow it and the barons won 't accept it .
tr	O	He was wearing yesterday 's clothes , and he wished he wasn 't .
tr	O	She nodded again and his expression eased .
tr	O	I never encountered a Reboot until I became one myself , but I might have run away , too .
tr	O	He pulled out a business card and Haven gingerly took it from him .
tr	I	Karen patted the sofa beside her and the TV went dark .
tr	O	I was breathing so hard I thought my chest would burst , but I continued along the wall until I got to the back of the house .
tr	I	Something came shooting toward us and one of the guys in the SUV reached his hands out .
tr	O	I came for those three girls , but the second half looks somewhat dull to me .
tr	I	It didn 't matter , but she couldn 't remember a thing about her life .
tr	O	Another wave buries her , but her eyes stay open , recording the momentary blackness underwater .
tr	O	He let out a soft yip , and I grinned in spite of myself .
tr	I	Then she could make her way to the cemetery , and it would be night in another couple of hours .
tr	I	She was convinced that something needed to be done , but she didn 't have the courage to touch her .
tr	O	I know what I want , and I want you .
tr	I	In his mind that was a good thing , but they hadn 't discussed last night .
tr	O	He shouldn 't move off , much , but you never know with riding horses .
tr	I	My body swoons and my head swims .
tr	O	Their connection was too weak to convey more than impressions , but she got the gist .
tr	I	Panic that something untoward would befall him , and she was torn between gratitude that he was with her .
tr	I	I wasn 't able to keep silent and my curiosity got the best of me .
tr	O	Most of the lockers had some form of graffiti on them and I certainly picked up some new words for my vocabulary .
tr	I	I forgot sometimes that she could see it whenever she wanted , but Lilia , in addition to her own email account , had access to mine .
tr	I	I almost fell asleep , and Fatigue was hitting hard .
tr	I	Grant stepped in and the door opened .
tr	O	I tried to take a deep breath , but the tape was in my way .
tr	I	His eyes , his beautiful eyes , didn 't stray from her , and his hands clenched into fists again .
tr	O	I want to look away , but I can 't .
tr	O	Within moments his groans had intensified , and before long he was shuddering .
tr	O	He 'd decide it , and it would be done .
tr	I	It 's all too messy to make sense but my mind is trying to work it out .
tr	O	In one corner she spotted a small signature and out of curiosity she drew closure to see who had produced such a marvel .
tr	I	Jo was content and things were good .
tr	I	Nothing came out , but she opened her mouth to speak .
tr	I	She had a hunch it probably had something to do with the fundamental uncertainty surrounding their relationship , but she wasn 't quite certain why .
tr	I	Given the circumstances they were understandable , but your intentions weren 't exactly honorable .
tr	O	The corner of his lips bled from the impact of my punch , and his blood was , indeed , silver .
tr	O	Nadia wanted to tell Verlaine that everything would be okay , but she didn 't want to give her friend false hope .
tr	O	She detested playing games , but she had no choice .
tr	I	It 's our job to teach you and you need to learn to control yourself .
tr	O	He was the only one who had ever seen me angry , and I knew he didn 't like me when I was angry .
tr	O	Adrian opened his mouth to speak , and I could only imagine what comment he had about doing work for no credit .
tr	I	Both were just as shocked at what the man had done as Ashe was , and behind that man stood two others Ashe didn 't recognize .
tr	O	Jill whined when he shut the door , but he ignored her for now .
tr	O	There was a hiss of sound and the air around her changed .
tr	O	The sparkles cleared and nothing was left .
tr	I	He knew he 'd be coming a lot more to jump over the edge , and the rush was amazing .
tr	O	Her hand was covered in green veins , and it looked almost as if it were molting .
tr	O	She met him halfway , and in a slightly muffled ring of metal , daggers met sword .
tr	I	I could hear a smile in her voice , but I couldn 't see her with my eyes on the road .
tr	O	Stars flickered in front of her eyes and she arched her hips , trying to pull him inside her .
tr	O	He studied me suspiciously for a moment , but he didn 't say anything .
tr	I	She was afraid to get in that elevator , but she might be dressed like a confident professional .
tr	O	I 'm your instructor and this is my plan .
tr	O	I like the beach , but I love the mountains .
tr	I	Staying here could provide problems I 'd rather not deal with and there was nothing more to be obtained tonight .
tr	O	The message was a simple one to decode and he had done it almost at first reading .
tr	O	His touch was as light as the soft pat of a cat 's paw , and his voice was like black velvet .
tr	I	Tuck moved back toward the trees , and at last they seemed to reach an agreement .
tr	I	Now Zoe realized that Sam was also more than just a connection to his deceased sister and Sam was more than a blood tie to Ryan .
tr	I	It was something that the man felt very proprietary about , and something beyond a kiss had happened between the two .
tr	I	Their momentum slowed , and the water rose .
tr	I	My shoulders ached from holding my arms up to work , and my feet were growing blisters the size of my head .
tr	I	It 's obvious she can 't hear us , but I glance once at Laila .
tr	I	His hand tightened on the doorknob and he took in a sharp breath .
tr	O	We weren 't cold , but the blanket was cozy especially since neither of us were wearing any clothes .
tr	I	He knew it was his turn , but Lilith said something he barely heard .
tr	I	He walked to her or she moved to him .
tr	O	His eyes were red and his face tear stained .
tr	O	Eric swung his head back to give me a look , and Pam 's face relaxed into it 's usual bland smoothness .
tr	I	He appeared to be somehow smal er , and his eyes didn 't seem quite as bright as usual .
tr	I	The place became a character in the play and the play was a product of the place .
tr	O	She jumped , but I hadn 't been able to make sure it was Ava .
tr	I	Curiosity ended up getting the better of him , but Clay hesitated .
tr	O	He was handsome , yes , but smokers really did turn Scarlett off .
tr	O	Luckily Rebekah 's parents came through and before Rebekah was transported to the county jail we had her out on bail .
tr	O	He swallowed hard against the lump in his throat but he managed a wan smile in his parents ' direction .
tr	I	We all nodded , and she asked cheerily .
tr	I	I didn 't feel it was going anywhere either , but the bond between us had been hard to summon .
tr	I	I hoped a flush wouldn 't develop to reveal my lies , and my body felt like it rose a few degrees in temperature .
tr	I	The woman has stopped , but the man wants to keep walking .
tr	I	He waited for my answer and we stopped walking .
tr	O	I was getting comfortable quickly , and that probably wasn 't a wise thing to do .
tr	I	He started to walk in circles with his sister , and Milton let her go .
tr	O	She took one look at the roadway and she knew .
tr	O	Last year he had billed seven hundred thousand , but there had been some personal problems .
tr	O	You were out late all the time , and you know what , we grew apart .
tr	I	Something didn 't seem right , but he didn 't know what to make of it .
tr	O	The vampire was in a position to block her sword with his wooden handcuffs , but he didn 't do any such thing .
tr	O	She had forgotten about the cooler , but she 'd have to bring it to the field a little later for snack time .
tr	O	His jaw dropped and I nodded .
tr	I	His eyes were twinkling , but with the scars on his face , it looked more like a grimace .
tr	O	Preparing myself for the worst , I clicked play , but instead of a corpse , I saw rows of wooden seats , filled with students .
tr	O	Her voice choked and his heart sank .
tr	I	It even scared me a bit and the whole thing reeked of mystery .
tr	O	Instinct drove him to kiss her again and just as he was ready to make his next move she surprised him by taking the lead .
tr	O	She had taken off her heels and I worried she might hurt herself .
tr	I	Daddy produces a piece of cloth , and I sniff .
tr	O	It took me a moment to understand , but then I did .
tr	O	She wasn 't sorry that she hurt him , but she was devastated by the fact that it was all she had been able to do .
tr	I	She would do her best to hold up her end of things , but she may have brought this trouble to Liam 's doorstep .
tr	I	I want to be a new creation , and Kelly is part of the old man .
tr	O	Tottenham did this , and Chelsea did that , if only that last attempt at goal had gone in , we would be top of the league .
tr	O	Grace looked up at him , finally noticing him , and her body tightened as if she were about to jump up .
tr	I	It was letting go , and there was only one option left .
tr	O	I don 't necessarily agree with your methods , but I can now accept why you did it .
tr	O	A creak sounded , and Spencer jumped again .
tr	O	Surprise flickered through Tanner 's eyes but he stayed silent , thank God .
tr	I	She went without fighting the strong compulsion , but a part of her brain analyzed that , how it could possibly be .
tr	O	He had turned into an old friend over all the years they had worked together and obviously , their children were best friends .
tr	I	He wasn 't there but I spun around quickly .
tr	I	If that was what she wanted , he would oblige , but he 'd meant to comfort her , not her father .
tr	I	Gray was still alive , but Elena showed no flicker of acknowledgment .
tr	I	She batted away his fingers , and he flicked her nose again .
tr	O	He hoped this time his intuition was correct and the general was really in trouble .
tr	I	He grinned , and his dark eyes glinted .
tr	I	Claire was content to pretend for now ... but it wasn 't the end at all .
tr	I	He wanted a chance to show off his skills and tonight he had a little trick that he had been perfecting for some weeks .
tr	I	Zane wanted to hold onto him for as long as he could , and his Ty seemed to be back , for now .
tr	O	I was out of my mind when we were at the quarry , and I 'm sorry if I put you in danger .
tr	O	He ordered a round of drinks for everyone playing , and they began another game .
tr	O	The weary men welcomed the change and soon they were warming their feet in front of roaring fires .
tr	O	The jet made a statement , and it was a bold one .
tr	I	This sounded like a mystery , and I was nothing if not inquisitive .
tr	I	It wasn 't my fault , and it wasn 't a choice .
tr	I	When she was finished , it was practically alive and she could lay down a mural on a wall .
tr	O	Her scent was driving me insane and I started to get a hard-on .
tr	O	Sye looked at her questionably , but Eris just shook her head .
tr	I	When she saw Shane rushing toward her , happiness seemed to explode within her , and Olivia jumped to her feet .
tr	O	I knew it was yes , but I had to make sure .
tr	O	He 'd been around many beautiful women in his life , but there was something special about Tamara .
tr	I	It touched the clouds of smoke with light that the smoke made bright red , and the winter sun was going down off to the west .
tr	I	I could pay for that , but it needed some renovation .
tr	I	I have made him mine , but I didn 't want to be his dirty little secret .
tr	O	We go in together or she doesn 't stand a chance .
tr	O	My eyes burned , and my vision blurred .
tr	I	Now Art slows , but we 've been moving at a constant speed .
tr	O	Then Effie taps my shoulder , and I step out into the cold winter sunlight .
tr	I	I 'm beginning to wish he would leave again , but I know this is his house .
tr	O	Tommy was hesitant to enter the darkening woods , but since he had no better option he continued on .
tr	O	The stent helps with the blood flow , but in your case it 's only a temporary solution .
tr	I	Sand blew across Shapiro 's boots , and the ground shifted underneath them again .
tr	I	The flow sped up and I punched the circle again .
tr	O	His desire for her never ceased , and it was starting to really irritate him .
tr	I	I could see people behind me , even if their faces weren 't visible , but the photo was centered on me .
tr	I	I can tell he is attempting to excuse Parliament for its actions , and Anthony was at a loss for words .
tr	I	You wanted to do it , and it seemed easier to let you handle all the details because of my schedule .
tr	I	He said nothing , but his face darkened .
tr	I	He was doing more work there now that he had some time off , but usually he just spent Saturday mornings in his welding shed .
tr	I	Sheen finally agreed to forgive him for not coming to rescue him , but it took Jimmy twenty minutes .
tr	O	There will be scars , but you will heal .
tr	O	We had already ordered and we were sipping a nice 2008 South African Merlot , a fruity red wine from the Western Provinces .
tr	I	He searched the few that were still open , but most businesses were closed .
tr	I	He 's the quarterback , and it 's his senior year .
tr	O	Cylons sat on the sand and their eyes circled very slowly as they tapped into the Matrix .
tr	I	I pulled back , still keeping my grip on her throat , but she tried to kick me in the face .
tr	O	A rope ladder leads to the surface , but a stone slab blocks the way out .
tr	O	He smiled , but it lacked everything that made it human .
tr	O	It reminded me of something , but I couldn 't think what .
tr	I	He stepped forward with a look of pure steel in his eyes and he rapidly flung his arm out to his side .
tr	O	Then his hands were on her body , and she stopped thinking at all .
tr	I	She did feel astonishingly helpless , but she didn 't feel personally threatened .
tr	I	You will only reproduce with your own kind and your lifespan is reduced to two hundred years .
tr	O	The cab dropped me off in front of Vanessa 's house and as soon as I rang the bell she opened the door .
tr	I	He gripped the railing on the balcony , and Vac answered with a steadfast glare .
tr	O	He sits slightly straighter and the look in his eyes makes my heart pound faster .
tr	O	Her father had no idea , and neither did she .
tr	I	I squinted to see my com lying on the ground , and Officer Mayer 's voice was distant this time .
tr	O	You will , of course , be expected to teach , but most importantly you 'll be expected to publish .
tr	I	I knew my bikini bottoms would come off next , and his greedy gaze roamed over me .
tr	I	She let out a yelp of pain and he leaned towards one .
tr	I	You expect that I attend Lady McCabe at her time and you 've taken me from my home to care for your brother .
tr	O	The storm that had whipped through had loosened a lot of trees , and that weird , twisting drop had finished the job of tumbling them .
tr	I	By then they were both naked , but the camera then faded to black .
tr	I	This was made worse in college , and she was never noticed in High School .
tr	I	He knew just the incentive Matthias needed to succeed at his last mission and he saw Matthias for what he was ; a valuable asset .
tr	I	His lips tightened and her lips parted in surprise .
tr	O	I did not condone the violence , but I could not risk tipping Blake 's hand further .
tr	I	Mr. Wong knew how to put on a spread and they had grown tired of the same old diet .
tr	O	I can 't ask you to feel the same and that 's okay .
tr	I	Now he was seeing it through and Rick had planned the ultimate revenge .
tr	I	He 'd worked hard on updating the bathroom , and the appliances were all new .
tr	O	The only one-night stand in her life and she had to pick the wrong man .
tr	O	Nicole hesitated , but the weight of her trusted friends ' gazes was heavy on her .
tr	I	He sighed in relief , and a wan light went on as he descended the stairs .
tr	O	Something clicked inside her , and Zoey decided to stop playing nice .
tr	O	Business picked up dramatically after the guys showed up , and I no longer had time to flirt with Denny .
tr	I	He reached for his marker and she had just reminded him of something he 'd always wanted to do .
tr	O	The hallucinations were a real pain in the ass , but at least I was aware of what was happening .
tr	I	The magic was still strong , and now those mysteries were coming out of the mist once more .
tr	O	I may not come across as the sharpest knife in the drawer , but when it comes to the key , I don 't mess around .
tr	O	Maybe Chloe accidentally took a lethal U-turn , and she 's dead for good this time right here at the base of Devil 's Peak .
tr	I	Together the two detectives went back inside and Stuart opened the door .
tr	O	She hated making him mad , but she had one last question .
tr	O	Seth thought he was in love , but he wasn 't sure what that meant .
tr	I	I realize I must contain my fervour to the few , but I wish I could help everybody .
tr	I	I inhale , and I slide down the refrigerator until my butt meets the floor .
tr	O	He tried to put everything out of his mind , but everything nagged at him all at once .
tr	O	Caden 's arms dropped from my body and he took a step back .
tr	O	Women were never in short supply for golf pros in Miami , but even Buzz was impressed with the quality .
tr	I	This night he was booked for dinner with an old friend from school , but most nights Jesse went straight home to his empty house .
tr	I	I turned my head swiftly to take a better look and something caught my eye .
tr	O	You may feel full , but it 's a cold full .
tr	O	His voice was even but his hands felt shaky .
tr	O	We eventually pull up to our destination and I hop out of the car .
tr	I	Anna blushed and Jo winked .
tr	I	She was ready and he was gorgeous .
tr	O	My yoga routine kept me flexible , but I respected my body 's limitations .
tr	O	My legs shook underneath me , and it was a miracle I managed to stay upright .
tr	O	Lauren turned and he caught his breath .
tr	I	When I found her doing the same thing , we laughed , and I looked over at her from the corner of my eyes .
tr	O	It costs that little bit extra , but what 's money at a time like this ?
tr	O	He slumped with fatigue , but strong arms supported him .
tr	O	Grandma said it had been bad when she was younger , but she made it sound like most of it had resolved .
tr	O	Mira had people after her , and they were both marked slaves .
tr	O	Fear held her back , but there was something else .
tr	I	He could hardly breathe around it , and a lump lodged in his throat .
tr	I	They milled around too much for me to be sure , but a few players looked familiar .
tr	O	The ball bearing in her ankle rolled and that heavy foot come down .
tr	O	Steel was afraid for her , and she couldn 't blame him .
tr	I	It is worrisome , but no one does .
tr	I	Now he 's a copyright lawyer , but there 's this guy , Brad -- I met him in a philosophy class .
tr	O	The gravity of earth 's mortal bonds pulled us down , down , down , and we have scarce recovered since .
tr	I	After a moment , she nodded , but Bria 's face tightened with worry .
tr	I	It was pointed at me , and he had his pistol in his mitt .
tr	I	She 'd been just as excited as he had but she was still furious with him .
tr	I	Most of the leaves were already on the ground and it was late October .
tr	O	Pain cramped her belly , but what had she expected ?
tr	O	The people of Castle Town remain disparaged , and the further one travels from the castle gate , the more uneasy the inhabitants of the kingdom become .
tr	O	Our waitress whispered something to Blake before patting him on the shoulder and he laughed .
tr	I	He lost his balance and Leo 's focus broke .
tr	O	The Colonel was waiting when they arrived at the end hut and Hans suddenly knew that he would not be going home .
tr	O	Clearly he did not recognise her - but he was the spitting image of Thomas .
tr	I	Mike leaned toward her , and the musician eased into another song .
tr	I	I stop him , but Mr Fletcher starts climbing over the railing .
tr	O	Most of us subsist on the legacy of a few great geniuses , but that 's not really what I mean .
tr	O	We cannot interfere with that historical event but we can mitigate the outcomes somewhat .
tr	I	Panic swept through my stomach like a turbulent storm , and then I turned towards the entrance , walking through the electric doors .
tr	O	I loved him , but he hadn 't told me he loved me .
tr	O	She was phenomenally strong and she swept him aside easily .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to give up that easily and Maggie was like a dog with a bone though .
tr	I	From the bared chest , it looked like he was wearing nothing underneath , but the man wore the same coveralls as Chin .
tr	O	When he 'd finished with a shudder , she sank down again , and he sprawled on his back beside her , his penis still pulsing .
tr	I	I just shake my head , and Josh doubles over with laughter .
tr	I	He fastens the bracelet around my wrist , and I hold my left wrist out .
tr	O	I shared my background information and Stacy corroborated what I said .
tr	I	Now , it made her skin tight with discomfort , but she didn 't mind the touch when they were dancing .
tr	O	You came from that way , and they did not shoot you !
tr	O	Disgust rolled through me , and I clung to it .
tr	O	It was mid morning now and the day was heating up .
tr	I	It lit only ten paces in front of him , but his helmet carried a beam torch .
tr	O	I pushed the issue the entire way home , but he didn 't cave .
tr	O	Spreadsheets detailing Ray 's sales to Horton and Ray 's bank records showed matching deposits .
tr	O	I feel the vile burn in my stomach and it aches like a forming bruise .
tr	O	Yes , she meant to say , but the reply stuck in her throat .
tr	O	I knew he could still hear every word , but I appreciated the gesture of giving us space .
tr	O	She 'd needed a connection , and he 'd gotten elected .
tr	I	Now he seemed plainly to know the hard answer : see it through , and he cried again .
tr	O	She blinks at me and I can tell she 's trying not to cry .
tr	O	He needed to talk to her , but now wasn 't the time .
tr	I	Her heart was racing , and she couldn 't breathe .
tr	I	I had kept my love for drawing a secret from Mr. Ball , as a kindness , and I was no singer .
tr	I	They stuck at it until the hollow finally tapered away into nothing , but it was not particularly comfortable .
tr	I	Then returned , fearing I might not again find the wooden platform , but I took ten paces away from where I 'd laid .
tr	O	Her life was heading down a path she would 've considered impossible just ten days earlier , but the baby she was carrying changed everything .
tr	I	Your mother selflessly saved him from the eternity of imprisonment , and all innkeepers owe him a debt of gratitude .
tr	O	You were still a wolf when I changed , and it should 've been the other way around .
tr	O	She wanted to know why they hadn 't gotten married , but obviously he was avoiding that question .
tr	O	I dropped her on the bed and she giggled .
tr	O	She wasn 't crying , but her mother 's heart still went out to her .
tr	O	She went slick around him and he moved with greater ease .
tr	O	He 's gotten bashful since His fame declined and loss of stature makes Him hard to find .
tr	I	We have to be sent after the enemy , and we live by a structured set of rules .
tr	I	She was sure he was remembering and he was silent for several moments .
tr	O	Julian didn 't move and she didn 't care .
tr	I	Lee nodded , and asked Cloud .
tr	I	She didn 't move , but I poked her shoulder .
tr	O	Riki frowned , and her face lit up .
tr	O	I didn 't want to look too formal , but I also wanted to make a good impression .
tr	I	She worked cheap and she was clean .
tr	O	Not that they were attractive , but the patrons of the Rusty Nail tavern were not picky .
tr	I	She kept glancing at the door , and she hadn 't said anything since we got here .
tr	O	I didn 't mean it to sound flirtatious , but it totally did .
tr	O	Morton would be a challenge , but he 'd provide great experience for a new dramaturg .
tr	O	When our eyes met , she seemed empty , and we were silent in each other 's company .
tr	I	I was tempted to let it take its course without me , and I had an ominous sense of the way the night was going .
tr	I	Actions proved more furtive , but it was easy to speak great words .
tr	O	It wasn 't as if she hadn 't seen him before , and if it didn 't bother him , it shouldn 't bother her .
tr	O	It wouldn 't get better , and it wouldn 't fade .
tr	I	Jeff remained unimpressed , but her brisk tone was meant as a warning .
tr	I	I am determined to never need anything more from him beyond this drive , and we already have a bargain .
tr	O	Maybe it 's something that you haven 't been tested for yet , and you 're having some kind of adverse reaction to it .
tr	I	Theo tried it and Tim showed him how to do this on his own guitar .
tr	O	They are looking for royal blood , but I don 't know why .
tr	O	The place was very cold and they had scarves around their necks to counter this .
tr	O	He was real , and I appreciated that .
tr	O	Everyone nodded , and we split .
tr	O	Adds Olivia angrily and we walk on in silence .
tr	O	We will make sure you have food , and we will help you build a cottage .
tr	I	The wind had picked up and the storm was still overhead .
tr	I	She smiled at him and his gaze held hers .
tr	I	I stood there for a moment before going in and he tapped on a door .
tr	I	It will be left there forever , flapping on the sharp leaves and if you walk through holly bushes , your shadow can get caught .
tr	O	It hurt as if something had stabbed me in the stomach and I was trying to pull the knife out inch by inch .
tr	O	From behind me , I could sense Henry 's stare , but I didn 't turn around .
tr	O	No , I 'll go home , but I know someone up there who may be able to help .
tr	I	His wife is a little stingy with him , and he goes out of town a lot .
tr	O	She was human and it was forbidden .
tr	O	It is going to be a struggle but we will all get used to it .
tr	O	The night wind turned bitter , and I shivered in my jacket .
tr	I	The wave seemed to sweep Keller right into Galen 's arms , and then the crowd was thundering applause even louder than before .
tr	O	It wasn 't really a question , but I needed it confirmed .
tr	O	It will be disgusting but I have sent for raki .
tr	I	Instead she began to run faster , but Garrett called for her to stop .
tr	I	Her heart skipped a beat , and her entire body went boneless .
tr	I	I pulled it back , but Calvin tried one last time to hold my hand .
tr	I	Nicky propped himself against the wall to watch Neil and Aaron went ahead of them to the water fountain .
tr	I	She could not let that show , but her insides were a black pit .
tr	O	I wanted to give Dad a look , but I resisted .
tr	O	My hand hurt terribly and my mind began to swim to far off places .
tr	O	Anansi scratches his chin , and he shakes his head .
tr	O	* He decided against reprimanding Stephanie because of Cousin 's edict , and he turned to Ben Adams .
tr	I	You never broke , but I sensed the violence within .
tr	I	I suddenly regretted saying the words that were best guaranteed to do so , and I didn 't want him to push me away .
tr	I	Her hand stopped somewhere close to her nose , but at first I thought she was reaching up to scratch on itch on her eyebrow .
tr	I	Every time I talk to her , her eyes remind me of leaves and she 's got hair that 's the same color as our red mailbox .
tr	I	No one was manning the lookout and the small building those of the Red had occupied had been destroyed .
tr	O	The door opens , and Tobias steps halfway in , the door dividing his body in half .
tr	O	His eyes opened wide as the blade slid across his throat , but he didn 't make a sound .
tr	I	His stomach dropped and he read the name on the birth certificate .
tr	O	He 'd endured worse , and nothing was going to keep him from Rachel .
tr	O	The Susan Hunter books are not your typical mysteries , and Susan is not your typical sleuth .
tr	O	I glare at him in the mirror and he chuckles .
tr	I	I turned to him and Sam gasped .
tr	O	It had been snowing outside , and Ellie could only surmise that Jenny had stood outside for a time , as she was dripping wet .
tr	I	I was just a blur and the next light was green .
tr	I	I already felt like I didn 't belong , and I guess because I thought it was like a normal initiation .
tr	I	We scrambled through it , Mookie first and finally the opening was large enough .
tr	O	The flippant statement bothered Jasmine more than anything else , but Officer Ambrose had already knocked .
tr	O	The flames raced me to the doorway and I could feel the heat permeating from them .
tr	I	He felt so betrayed and he was so hurt .
tr	O	The timer on her desk goes off , and Dr. Warren smiles at me again .
tr	O	Ezio led his friend inside and they sat down together .
tr	I	I took a step back and he took a step closer .
tr	O	It might have been Jack imagination but he appeared to be limping slightly .
tr	I	She doesn 't know which are real , but now Julia has a head full of memories .
tr	I	When she turns to see him , loose strands of her short hair blow over her eyes , and her arm brushes his .
tr	O	They 're consuming rancid meat and they all smell like it .
tr	O	The corner was dark , and I stepped on a squeaky toy .
tr	O	He had expected it to be good but he hadn 't expected it to be like this .
tr	O	She clutched her handbag to her , and she stood up .
tr	I	She zipped it up , and in record time the dress went over her head .
tr	I	Then the pleasure she couldn 't hide , and he saw the surprise first .
tr	O	She 'd never be normal and she 'd never hear the things she 'd taken for granted before .
tr	O	Riley was a lot taller than me , but I wasn 't intimidated in the least .
tr	O	I tried to push him off me but he pinned my hands above my head .
tr	I	He is not watching the game , but I look at Pop in disbelief .
tr	I	As I recall , the lifts don 't work , and the rest of the building is an artistic nightmare .
tr	I	He slowly kissed is way up my thigh , working his way closer to my core and his head lowered .
tr	I	Rourke let me go reluctantly and I took a step forward .
tr	I	He pushed it back , but he felt a twinge of guilt for lying to her .
tr	O	Her arguments were the same ones he 'd been hearing for years , and frankly , he didn 't want to hear them again .
tr	I	It just never worked out for her but she had tried to get herself into other relationships .
tr	I	The plan stopped short before he could even suggest it , but he imagined her protests only aiding his cause .
tr	I	He heard nothing , but holding his breath , he strained to listen for the outcome of that fight .
tr	I	Some of the feeling had returned to my hands , and she sounded a bit like her old self .
tr	I	He slowed the car , taking it all in , and there was a peaceful beauty to the coastal lowlands .
tr	I	Others were carried out and some were limping out of the court .
tr	O	I slapped a palm over my mouth and my eyes went wide with embarrassment .
tr	O	I didn 't recognize the voice , but I didn 't have to .
tr	I	Joe could even be correct and it wasn 't that important .
tr	I	I 've been trying to hold on for 17 years and I know because I was tossed right off the edge .
tr	I	Slung it over my shoulder and I picked my bag off the floor .
tr	I	I had never seen her hair undyed , but we have known each other for years .
tr	I	I didn 't hear her but Mae was talking to me .
tr	I	He will decide what to do with you and Tonight 's events will be displayed for him without bias .
tr	O	She climbed out toward the edge of the branch , and just as she reached toward the window the branch began to break .
tr	I	It will look like he had a stroke and zap his brain a few times with electricity .
tr	I	Talon was sure there was meaning behind the name , and he smiled at some hidden thought .
tr	O	I 'd just had my dreaded fortieth birthday , and I felt like I was in as good of shape as I 'd ever been .
tr	I	He could see that the little candle had long since burned itself out , but it surprised him that he had fallen asleep .
tr	I	Mostly it is all about intention , but it takes a lot of practice .
tr	O	I was curious what that might be , but the walk back took all my concentration .
tr	I	It didn 't work ... but I drank from them .
tr	O	The rigorous pace discouraged conversation , but Winston occasionally waxed philosophical .
tr	I	She 's a good person , but I meant it when I said I don 't love her .
tr	O	You 're the brother of the Iron Queen , and you know how to keep the fey out .
tr	I	He knew she was close and her panting became more frantic .
tr	O	He hesitated , and while his words came out with humor , his eyes didn 't express the same emotion .
tr	O	Stronger Air Mages could actually change the temperature of Air , but Nolen could hardly manage a few degrees in room-temperature direction .
tr	O	The whole evening was alive with a feeling of rightness and Selena knew she was where she was supposed to be .
tr	I	Now that we had our instructions , all we had to do was carry them out , and all of the prophecies were now in place .
tr	O	She was holding onto her composure by a thread and Nicolas 's reaction stunned her .
tr	O	Fangs exploded in his mouth , and his nails began to lengthen .
tr	I	Lying awake in bed was worse still , and hanging around the loft didn 't appeal to me .
tr	I	Unable to identify the reason but she walked along the structure 's perimeters , certain something had brought her to this place .
tr	O	He nodded as they passed and Claire stopped to say hello .
tr	I	He was pretty certain it was more than observation , but Max wasn 't sure .
tr	I	He had unlocked the lace before I did but I tried to snatch it from him .
tr	O	I don 't need a guy to feel happy , but I like the idea of meeting more Tennessee people .
tr	O	Demons had poisoned her sister , yes , but then , Laila hadn 't fought back .
tr	O	She gave him a look that glittered with malice , and instead of coming at him again , she surged upward .
tr	O	He figured he 'd lost the weight mostly by growing the past few years , but supposed his wandering around the Rump had also contributed .
tr	I	He 'd hesitated too long , and he hadn 't expected to lock up like this .
tr	I	He just hung on the line , breathing , not saying anything , but Liam waited for Julian to end the conversation .
tr	O	He touched my chest , and his hand came back bloody .
tr	O	The door to the bathroom opened , and the woman I 'd heard before came out .
tr	I	He keeps pulling it off , but it 's loosely wrapped in a bandage .
tr	I	Her breath rushed over my lips and her legs brushed against my thighs .
tr	O	He grinned at her , but Cheyenne scarcely noticed .
tr	I	The town has not , but the zones have fallen .
tr	I	She made no protest , but he felt her flinch .
tr	O	I stumbled , accidentally putting too much weight on my knee , and the pain caught me off guard .
tr	O	It was against California state law to light up in a public building , and she sure as hell wasn 't going to stand outside .
tr	I	There was nothing there , but I spun around , remembering there were more wild animals in the swamp than furry ones .
tr	I	She followed me , but she sounded surprised .
tr	O	Gavin growled and Amber giggled .
tr	I	His body reacted instantly to her beauty and Sam watched her walk into the room .
tr	O	I couldn 't imagine why I couldn 't and he could .
tr	I	Soon Enzo begins talking again , and I wait for a moment .
tr	I	They didn 't budge but he tried to wrench his arm out of the person 's grip .
tr	I	She had to attend to her life at the farm , and Pa would be at home , probably sick with worry .
tr	I	I put my hands on my stomach and a shaky breath hit my lungs .
tr	I	Victoria did manage , but those two syllables were difficult to bring forth .
tr	O	The prickle had shown up , and I unexpectedly found myself smiling .
tr	I	She had a client coming in shortly , and she needed to focus on what mattered .
tr	I	Then is unduly harsh , and he indulges the boy .
tr	I	They had made this fire to say goodbye , and this was the last night they would stay here .
tr	I	She was mightily pissed off , but being diplomatic would be wiser .
tr	O	Annie distributed the rest of the food , and the men sat together while the three women went off to relax under the tree .
tr	O	He couldn 't meet her eyes , and he heard his own whine of confusion .
tr	O	My palms began to sweat , and I ordered them to stop .
tr	O	Since the dawn of history women have worn such garments , and they wear them now into the ballrooms of the world .
tr	O	A father had rights to his child , and Ari had no qualms about enforcing them .
tr	O	She 's gorgeous and she 's nice .
tr	O	Tara 's question sounded innocent enough , but Liz knew better .
tr	I	Royston shook his head and both men chuckled .
tr	O	She could seldom afford to visit the bathhouses , but perfume kept her hair smelling renewed nightly -- the most costly investment we made .
tr	I	It couldn 't last forever , but it was only because he 'd been at the Seminary for so long that he could endure like this .
tr	O	The reminder of Jake 's pursuit of me when we were younger cast a pall of sadness over me , but I nodded .
tr	O	My first thought is that the demons are mounting an attack , but they don 't seem to be paying any attention to us .
tr	I	They 'll happen again , but these disasters are terrible .
tr	O	He 's gone because he needed help and he didn 't get it .
tr	O	The visit was quite a success and all of us can breathe easier .
tr	O	I got a couple of emails from him while we were moving me into this apartment , and he insisted on helping .
tr	O	She laughed some more , but the other twin poked her .
tr	O	He gestured to her table , and she followed his movement before pinning her gaze back on him .
tr	I	Some say the descendants still live , but their names were lost as well .
tr	O	Letting Jeff go , and doing it with a smile , takes everything there is inside me .
tr	O	They weren 't ignoring her and they did get the job done after all .
tr	I	Marco was not one of first refusal to surrender , but anyone that looks would have given up .
tr	I	He cautioned himself not to be too sure of that , but he hoped the translation achieved some degree of accuracy .
tr	I	I let him come and Edward runs around the car at me .
tr	O	It became unbearable and I began fighting against his every feeling !
tr	I	The wedding is to follow immediately and the betrothal contract will be signed .
tr	I	We are getting close , but it isn 't quite a slam dunk yet .
tr	I	He wouldn 't even be there to hold her and Lubna was going to die .
tr	O	She couldn 't remember ever being stroked on her neck , and the sensation was so unfamiliar , so pleasurable , she stilled .
tr	I	She swallowed as if with fear , and her gaze darted back to him .
tr	I	He seems to feel it 's his personal mission to trivialize our relationship at every turn , but my brother doesn 't dislike Ezra .
tr	I	The pain of his absolute humiliation was far greater than any physical pain could have been - but it could not even bruise him .
tr	I	It 's exactly how I 've felt it and I see her emotions as I lay out each piece of this weekend .
tr	O	I ask , and even though I am telling the truth about the second part , I sound more convincing than I mean to .
tr	I	I still had no idea what we were doing , and Friday came around .
tr	I	They would be back as soon as they could , and Will was certain he had went to get Mom .
tr	O	Eventually Lily finished speaking and they walked in silence for a while .
tr	I	She looked like she was seconds away from throwing something and her face was bright red with fury .
tr	I	The streetlights disappeared and the road narrowed .
tr	I	It 's just me or I wonder if it 's really warm in this house .
tr	I	The toilet has been backed up for days , and the water tastes funny , when we even have water .
tr	O	She didn 't want to be rude to the boy , but his presence alarmed her , the attention unnerving .
tr	I	She was lovely , but Laila was fair .
tr	O	The sun was setting sooner than he expected , and he was rushing because he was running late .
tr	O	I have a million questions and you haven 't been around to answer any of them .
tr	I	The monster grabbed him but he turned to run .
tr	I	I am here to tell you that being popular is awesome , and I 've seen the other side of things back in Flint .
tr	O	Eirik put his hands behind his head , and I found myself comparing him to Torin .
tr	O	My mother dictated the number and I took note .
tr	I	They each smiled , and Nadia 's eyes met Mateo 's .
tr	I	Then the guy came out here , and got shot in Dallas , almost died tracking a perp .
tr	I	The crowd isn 't more refined , but the partying may be in nicer places .
tr	O	She didn 't really return the favor , but I still loved her .
tr	O	She knew she was on the edge of the cliff , and just the slightest whisper of wind would push her over .
tr	I	Nothing seemed broken , but he hurt everywhere .
tr	O	He could still not understand what it said , but he knew it showed that he was a wizard of the first order .
tr	I	Like a little lap dog , Toby went along with whatever Megan wanted and she made the first advances .
tr	I	Her chocolate hair had been pulled into two pigtails that curled at the ends and her chubby fist was shoved into her mouth .
tr	I	They rode off together toward all things unknown , and then she grabbed Mikey 's hand , climbed on the horse with him .
tr	O	I couldn 't hear what they were saying , but their hands were chopping the air between them .
tr	O	Elizabeth snuck into his side and he wrapped his arm around her .
tr	O	The coroner reported her blood had indeed been drained , but it hadn 't been sucked .
tr	I	She beat him often and Kara was better at basketball than he was .
tr	I	She didn 't want to hold Shadow up , but Pandora wanted to ask if she was ok .
tr	O	His attention was focused on the console he was operating and he didn 't hear Hannah approach .
tr	O	I thought of the hope , the dinners , the women but they all seemed very far away .
tr	I	They kick , and they stink .
tr	I	This brought our little party to a halt and a loud crashing noise sounded somewhere .
tr	O	It was like I was a cobra and he was a mouse .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed and Nick 's jaw tightened .
tr	O	We didn 't tear the clothes off each other , and you didn 't have a seizure .
tr	I	I only heard you are a fuzzy fruit , but I think he meant it as a compliment .
tr	O	She heard a click and instantly , a fire blossomed to life in the gas hearth .
tr	I	He did just take out the sniper for us but I wasn 't sure if we could trust him .
tr	I	They followed him and Zachary started walking .
tr	I	The same was true of most towns , but a couple of companies had large headquarters here .
tr	I	Sounds from the stable indicated that someone was saddling horses for them , and both of them were armed .
tr	O	Gregori lifted a hand , and the sheet rolled aside .
tr	O	Tears rushed to my eyes at his vow , yet he 'd hurt me without him knowing it .
tr	I	I was looking forward to that , and I had a vacation coming up .
tr	I	Again she reached out to touch his arm , and their eyes met , holding for a beat .
tr	I	He knew very well what would happen if she was pregnant with his child , but he didn 't know exactly what she meant by that .
tr	O	Then again he kept the door open , and our voices weren 't extremely low either .
tr	O	He was a good dog , well trained , polite , and he listened uncommonly well .
tr	O	He realized much of what she was saying was true , but she looked so damned pretty .
tr	I	I hoped suddenly it was just because of my appearance , and it dawned on me , a little slowly , that he was laughing at me .
tr	I	There had been no others around and it had been a spring day .
tr	O	They were the same words Luke had said to strangers a thousand times before , but this time , each one was his own nugget of gold .
tr	O	Her eyes continued to scan for surveillance cameras , but the stairwell was clear .
tr	I	She saw nothing in his eyes except concern , and he studied her .
tr	I	Her husband is so-so but he isn 't crazy about Kim .
tr	O	Tuck had been able to correct it each time , but it made for a harrowing experience .
tr	O	That name perks him right back up and he flashes a great goofy grin .
tr	O	I wanted to see it ... and I also didn 't .
tr	O	There was strong security present , but still , he felt better having her in his site .
tr	O	I cross my arms and shrug , trying to find some of the hardness I have built during my time in the Wilds .
tr	I	I didn 't stand a chance , but I was able to rip several hearts out .
tr	I	Her stride altered and her muscles thickened .
tr	O	He probably wanted to come stand behind her but he didn 't move .
tr	I	He looked alright , but his head was bandaged up .
tr	O	I 've watched her for the last couple of weeks and I haven 't seen her do anything more than personal maintenance .
tr	O	A metal ladder was bolted to the side of the opening , and I counted ten rungs before it disappeared into the blackness below .
tr	O	I don 't want that but I 'm so screwed up .
tr	I	It only made me feel worse , and his tone was still void of emotion .
tr	I	I notice they are wearing letter jackets and looking around , some of the bigger boys are smiling .
tr	O	Iona pretended to be busy in the kitchen , and Nicole 's friends goaded Nicole to answer it .
tr	O	His eyes were wild , but when he touched me , it was gentle .
tr	I	The belated fog began to rise , and the sun dropped into the sea .
tr	O	A blast rocked the shuttle and I stumbled , grasping at the wall for support .
tr	O	Alec 's own dad hadn 't lived with him for years , but Alec had known where his dad was .
tr	I	Anyone who would steal them away was my enemy , and my duty was to the children inside me .
tr	I	His eyes got wide , and Neal turned to her .
tr	I	As we got closer , Alcide cursed , and together we took the brick sidewalk that led from the drive to the front door .
tr	I	Maryellen invented a convenient excuse , and several people asked about Jon .
tr	O	I was unable to look away , and I didn 't really want to .
tr	I	He stumbled backward , and his eyes fluttered .
tr	I	It didn 't help that my outfit looked like something a person would wear for Halloween , but at least I didn 't have my apron on .
tr	I	Now I know that I want him to court my good graces , but I thought , before , that a word from him would be enough .
tr	O	Dee 's eyes were locked right on mine , and I could almost see her processing my words .
tr	O	They are not giants , but they are tall .
tr	I	She 's right , but I hate to admit it , especially after my little inner tantrum at the mirror .
tr	O	There was booing heard from behind me but I didn 't pay much attention at first .
tr	O	She said a few other things but she rolled too far away for me to hear what they were .
tr	O	Eden was tucked protectively behind her and I wanted to growl in frustration .
tr	I	When she laid her hand in his , he pulled her closer , and he slipped his hand around her waist .
tr	I	Tina knew the words were for her but ostensibly she was speaking to her mother .
tr	I	I was sitting on top of him and we were down on the ground .
tr	O	He refused to ask her about the child and she seemed to be waiting for him to ask .
tr	O	She 'd been teaching Caroline Campbell the pianoforte for the last three months , but little progress had been made .
tr	O	Emma stared at him , but no words came out .
tr	I	They 've got Only When It 's Saturday but I should have stayed there dammit .
tr	I	The Sheriff ballooned into the caricature that you see today , and when the divorce came through , the whiskey started to flow .
tr	I	I somehow manage to keep the smile from my face and happiness bubbles up inside me .
tr	I	His voice sounded strangled , and Max 's eyes widened .
tr	I	They ran for it and a split second later the lab shook violently .
tr	O	The Justice Alliance always speaks the truth , and there is no bigger solace than this .
tr	O	His open hand might look harmless to a stranger , but Garrett saw the way his fingers twitched just a little .
tr	I	His clothes told me that he was of aboriginal descent , but I couldn 't see the man 's skin colour in the firelight .
tr	I	The engine fell silent , and it parked .
tr	I	Her eyes closed , which he could not allow and her head thrashed .
tr	O	She pursed her fat red lips and for some reason I thought of goldfish , those big koi you see sometimes in little ponds outside Japanese restaurants .
tr	O	So badly she wanted to wave her hand in front of her nose , but she did not .
tr	O	I tried to pull my knee up to get it under me , and he laughed at my pathetic efforts .
tr	O	He held it open for her , and in that moment she detested him for the small display of manners .
tr	I	She found herself filled with the unbidden certainty that he would never abuse the trust she placed in him , and she was sure of it .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to leave him with the wrong impression , and I had no clue what the next few months would bring .
tr	I	I found myself appreciating the distraction , but Chase gave her a disgruntled look .
tr	I	The sight of a man crashing to the ice made her wince , and her gaze strayed to the window again .
tr	I	It wasn 't really designed for the extra crowd , but the sleeper could accommodate two people in a pinch .
tr	O	Man is man , all he knows is man , and all he can think of is what he knows .
tr	O	Antonio barked his greeting , and he felt calmer .
tr	I	There is no money and now they 're divorced .
tr	I	He could hear desperation - perhaps even panic - bleeding through , but he tried to keep his tone of voice even .
tr	O	I don 't answer him and he follows me down the stairs .
tr	I	He had to pause a second , totally forgetting to wipe the water from his face and the scene was still stunning .
tr	I	Tempers were rife in the office , and the rest of the day dragged .
tr	I	I waited for a few minutes just in case , and I thought it possible Amber Jean would invent a second reason to come in .
tr	O	Waking , I can see the pandemonium settling into organized chaos , but I cannot force myself to engage with assisting victims .
tr	I	He let out a long breath , and his brow furrowed .
tr	I	I detected a hint of admiration in his expression , but he shook his head .
tr	O	Her lips stilled and she looked at me .
tr	O	I knew there was a good guy inside of Nash , but sometimes it took a lot of prodding to find him .
tr	O	This was her coming-out party , and she wanted everyone to know it .
tr	I	Maybe I imagine it , but I think I hear Finn among them .
tr	O	Maybe their son had the chance to tell them and they don 't want anything to do with Jenny .
tr	O	To figure out what Redgrave meant to do with Skye , and the quickest , best way of stopping him , permanently .
tr	O	He was getting charged for both cars , but that was the least of his worries right now .
tr	O	I notice a lever built into the box moves along one side , and another lever is on the other side .
tr	O	For a second he looked confused and then , I thought , hurt .
tr	O	Her voice caught on her sister 's name , and she paused to breathe , which seemed to be causing more difficulty .
tr	O	It was far sooner than he 'd let other new vampires brave a crowd , but this harsh crash course was necessary .
tr	O	The dog 's nails clicked against the glass , and it uttered a round of furious barks .
tr	I	The views were taking its place and the foliage had started to thin .
tr	O	Channing laughed again and his eyes narrowed .
tr	I	We were invincible , and the Great Perhaps was upon us .
tr	I	She smiled as he did , and Todd started picking off Dawn 's plate .
tr	I	He would regain control of the situation , and all he had to do was convince her of the truth .
tr	I	It must have been a long time , but he really couldn 't remember when he had last looked in a mirror .
tr	O	Anywhere else and I 'll have to be on the lookout for fans .
tr	I	Something caught my attention , but I frowned at him .
tr	I	It thrashed on the floor and I pumped two slugs into it .
tr	I	I grab the pendant and he flies at him .
tr	O	I didn 't know how she 'd feel afterwards , and I didn 't want her driving home by herself .
tr	O	I wanted to be a doctor but my father was of military background .
tr	O	Elizabeth opened her mouth to reply , but Michelle was not finished yet .
tr	I	Already she was feeling empty as though there were no more tears , but Alice wanted to cry .
tr	I	This time I wasn 't going to be here for everyone to witness it , and the darkness was closing in again .
tr	I	The thrill of anticipation ran through me anyway , but hades brought me surprises practically every other day .
tr	O	Yeah , they 're offering more than a ride ... or rather , it 's not transportation they 're thinking about .
tr	I	He accepted it after she told him exactly where they were heading , but he wasn 't happy .
tr	I	I tried to calm myself and the nerves had kicked in .
tr	O	Her eyes adjusted to the glare and she realized what she thought was a police chopper , wasn 't .
tr	I	Soon Zane could feel the wind of the rotor wash on his face , and the sound of the helicopters grew louder .
tr	I	There was no longer time for college , but Albert continued working at Metal Presses Incorporated .
tr	O	He just didn 't care how I felt about it , and there was nothing I could say .
tr	O	Every time I looked at the clock on the dashboard I would 've sworn two hours had gone by , but it was only twenty minutes later .
tr	I	Reginald is gone and before I answer , several blood curdling howls rip through the atmosphere .
tr	O	The door opened and Jake explained for the second time today that this man 's life was in danger .
tr	O	When he was only inches away , he inhaled , and a frown stitched his brow .
tr	I	He 'd done the unthinkable and somehow when he wasn 't looking , Lissa had gotten past his defenses .
tr	O	I want her , and she wants me , too .
tr	O	Communication is one-sided at times , but he can write , obviously .
tr	I	Spark stopped firing and the bear paused .
tr	I	The two chuckled together at the absurdity of their ridiculously formal conversation , and Hank responded .
tr	I	In fact seemed pretty quiet as we rode into the main yard where others were hold up , including cavalry and it wasn 't too busy .
tr	O	I think this situation with the rustlers and the threats from Jason would easily qualify you for an early purchase .
tr	O	The background check I ran on you was clear , but I do my own extensive research with my PI .
tr	O	I 'd had vivid dreams before , but none had ever felt this real .
tr	I	He trapped me and I regretfully looked up at the soft , pleading tone of his voice .
tr	I	The doors quietly opened and the Angel waved his hand .
tr	O	They walked on and Sye became sure of the destination .
tr	I	The experience had hardened him and he had clawed his way from near bankruptcy back to the front page of financial magazines .
tr	I	I hadn 't forgotten that and Sawyer 's distant cousin had always been kind to me .
tr	O	She 'd tried to clean it but she 'd left some of the proof behind .
tr	I	She followed her into the dark barn , but she pushed the dog off .
tr	I	The world is under one government : The United Corporations of the World , and Chapter 1 The year is 2161 .
tr	O	He was afraid of something , but it wasn 't Isaac .
tr	I	The next second , I was angry for not getting it on my own , and one second , I was happy to be there .
tr	I	Meghan closed the door , leaving him alone , and Daniel nodded .
tr	I	It was raining so hard I thought the sky would come down , and you searched all over camp for some .
tr	I	He had all the time in the world to tell it and it was a good story .
tr	O	My mother was told that I was now permanently suspended from school , and I would have to enroll in a juvenile corrections program .
tr	I	Beth knew it was one of her passions , and Nana had been in the First Baptist Church choir for over thirty years .
tr	I	A few fragrant strands dropped across my face , and the breeze lifted her long , golden-brown curls .
tr	O	An eerie calmness descends upon me and for once , I don 't feel rage as I look upon my mother .
tr	I	Somehow my mouth kept moving , but at this point I wasn 't really paying any attention to anything I was saying .
tr	I	Her view became blinded by her tears , but sitting back down on the couch , she tried to watch a baseball game .
tr	I	He couldn 't move his head enough to see me , but a small lie .
tr	I	He was fire , and he was strength .
tr	I	I wasn 't taking chances , and he came with plenty of reinforcements .
tr	O	I am the one who has stood beside you , and I am the one who understands your work .
tr	O	Soon I 'm sprinting as fast as I can go , but Henry catches up anyway .
tr	O	There were so many reasons to love Elise , and this was one more .
tr	I	She feared the work would stop , the minute she drove off the property , but that was just what she 'd been thinking about .
tr	O	Strong arms grabbed me and Caden 's soft chuckle tickled my ear .
tr	I	The group walked out into the utility area and the lift doors opened .
tr	O	His eyes narrowed , and he stepped forward .
tr	O	Antonia instinctively knew that her mother was in pain but she didn 't understand why .
tr	I	Mine is tied to it and his gaze is dark .
tr	O	I was good at some things , but first aid wasn 't one of them .
tr	O	I checked through them anyway , but I 'm not sure why .
tr	I	She looked at it , frowning , and I nodded to the closed front door .
tr	I	He couldn 't put his finger on what and something was off-kilter .
tr	I	I also want her to go away , but I want to hold her , hug her , kiss her , touch her .
tr	I	It was useless , but she tried to force her eyes away from his .
tr	O	He placed her cup on the coffee table in front of her , but she seemed to be completely oblivious to it .
tr	I	He waved him into the chamber , and his face lit up when he saw Gregor .
tr	I	He was at my side knocking me hard to the ground , my head banging against the cold concrete but I went for the door .
tr	I	The obtuse night could be hiding anything , but there was no motion that Robinson noticed .
tr	I	Then she shouted at the top of her lungs , and we remained motionless like that for a long moment .
tr	I	My senses didn 't really pick up on any impending blizzard , and nothing too different showed itself above .
tr	I	His eyes became bright red , and he looked into her eyes .
tr	O	He leaned close to her face , and Julie could smell the weed wafting off his breath .
tr	O	You 're off to talk this poor young lady to death and I will not have it .
tr	O	Not that I expected to , but you never know .
tr	O	He inches closer to me , and I can smell his cologne now .
tr	I	She wouldn 't let anyone else talk to me either , and she ignored me , the whole time .
tr	O	My fingers tightened around the phone and my palms became slick with sweat .
tr	I	The two robots kissed deeply , and Nine opened her own mouth .
tr	I	I winced , and Largent 's mangled body flashed before me .
tr	I	Critically look for discrepancies compared to what he had told her , but with Adams in the interview , Stephanie was able to observe .
tr	I	You know it and that 's silly .
tr	O	I 'm going back home to England , and you 'll never hear from me again .
tr	O	He circles a few ads but the pickings are not good .
tr	I	He was staring directly at Grace , but at first Grace thought he was talking to his daughter .
tr	O	The brothers went quiet , and then they heard it .
tr	O	My legs kicked , but he just laughed .
tr	I	He really didn 't need it , but the text message contained the password .
tr	I	I never made contact , but I even tried to ram him with the back of my head .
tr	O	I 'm sure I broke a record slew of traffic laws on the way , but soon I was parked in the visitors ' lot .
tr	O	Boone started walking and the ladies followed .
tr	I	All of a sudden he 's booking you a ticket , and he hasn 't bothered to see you in over three months ?
tr	O	Old trees want to hurt you , and I think they 'd kill you if they could .
tr	I	They started walking away in the rain and he grabbed Stephanie by the arm .
tr	O	She 'd known , but hearing him say it made it more real .
tr	O	The therapist tried to restrain him but Steve insisted on setting his own pace .
tr	I	It felt like everything was moving in slow motion , and I paused for that one millisecond on the edge .
tr	I	They were already closed , but she checked the vents .
tr	O	Tavi had seen one of the Realm 's deadliest enemies only once in two years , and that had been from a distance .
tr	O	The cop left and they were alone in the room .
tr	I	For one brief moment , I believed it was directed at me , and a blaze of killing hate rose in his eyes .
tr	O	She 'd never considered what peaceful smelled like , but she knew it now .
tr	I	Smoke still curled from the foundation , and Ash sifted from the broken beams .
tr	I	The sun had faded long ago , and she did .
tr	O	The bullet went wide , and Jack leaped aboard Scotch on Water , rocking the boat fiercely .
tr	O	Winkler shoved Ashe toward the door and they swept out , one of the guards falling in at the rear of the procession .
tr	O	Blue slept at our feet and Aurora was perched in the tree above us , pissed that Blue slept at our feet .
tr	I	He wouldn 't budge , but I 'd try to run him off before Mr. James catch him .
tr	I	It had only been a week , but so far he 'd not been successful .
tr	O	That got Brick 's attention , and he pushed himself to his feet , planting his hands on the table .
tr	I	All three women waved to Lexi as they pulled away , and she slid into the front seat of the Jaguar .
tr	I	It was fruitless , but Chloe brought her good hand up in an attempt to fix her hair .
tr	O	Chris ate the food , but his mind was elsewhere .
tr	O	He loosens his grip , and I turn on him .
tr	O	The blood still leaked unceasingly from my wounds and I could feel the weakness of blood loss taking its toll .
tr	O	He 's kind of weird , but he 's a good guy .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure what it would be , but I knew I had to say something to explain .
tr	I	The one he put me in was so basic I almost laughed , and holds were not my idea of fighting .
tr	O	He didn 't hesitate and before they could blink he was on the other side of the square .
tr	O	He moved to shut the door , and I stuck my leg inside .
tr	I	He could feel his stress fading away and the day had been relaxing so far .
tr	O	It looks like ours , but it 's not .
tr	O	She flops onto the mattress and I fold my body over hers , fighting through the bulky fabric to get close to her .
tr	I	I step back , my mouth hanging open , and flames shoot up her blades .
tr	O	He 'd taken over , lavished luxury on her , and she 'd spent every available moment with him in his hotel suite .
tr	O	She couldn 't believe he was here , and wanting her to go to Italy .
tr	I	The likelihood of being seen was low , and it was a well-hidden spot .
tr	O	Hale signaled and his men lifted the iron cage from the deck .
tr	I	I hadn 't enjoyed it even then , and I hadn 't been licked by one of the creatures since I was little .
tr	I	It takes people 's eyes off the special men we send in from time to time , and he doesn 't mind .
tr	I	Starting to deform with fatigue but his eyes were like tiny pressure gauges in some half-human machine , still functional .
tr	O	The sol does not form in our palms and I think it 's not working , until I look up .
tr	I	Because of that , the truth was bound to come out eventually , and Hannah knew I 'd been Masked .
tr	O	His lips are spelling secrets and my ears are spilling ink , staining my skin with his stories .
tr	O	His skin was white , and he had hair on his face .
tr	I	She was just too different to hide amongst humanity for long , but she 'd tried to in the beginning .
tr	O	I waited for my dad to speak up , to say he didn 't want this , but he nodded his agreement .
tr	O	It 's like this guy can see right through my act and it 's rather unnerving .
tr	O	What he was doing was less than ethical , but in his mind , it didn 't matter .
tr	O	I 'd swing by her house to hang out and she 'd barely even look up from what she was working on .
tr	O	The voice fell silent again , but something within it seemed to bubble with glee .
tr	I	This was what came of it , and he 'd let down his guard .
tr	I	She stared into its depths and her hands cradled the mug .
tr	O	A tiny house was resting on the moth 's back , and the green was starting to look more like grass than moth fur .
tr	I	He didn 't hear me , but I practically screamed out loud .
tr	I	You were not there but I jumped after you .
tr	I	Her chest tightened and her heart sank .
tr	O	I drifted off to sleep , but all I could think of was how much Jared hated Maddie .
tr	I	I am beginning to believe it , but I still don 't understand it .
tr	O	I climb back in bed , suddenly chilled , and I pray that I haven 't made a huge mistake that will endanger us all .
tr	O	The cloth , at one time , was of a light color but its original hue was lost in the soaked red that ringed her beautiful head .
tr	I	The four guards in Armani suits placed outside the main door , or she didn 't even notice the red Ferrari on her way past .
tr	I	I 'd missed her friendship , and I 'd missed the work .
tr	I	I could tell I was falling and I could see the blue of the sky with some wisps of fog .
tr	I	I had never wished such a death on him but I 'd always been at odds with Gregor Novak .
tr	I	She rose from the couch to greet him and a smile broke out on Serenity 's face .
tr	O	She didn 't want to watch Chad get shot , and she knew Charlie was right .
tr	I	I do not have time to celebrate , but a wave of satisfaction washes over me .
tr	O	My eyes shot open and my hands fell from his head .
tr	I	The county does not plow past the main roads and evidently I had snowed a lot since I was gone .
tr	I	The commander seemed unable to wrap his knees around the problem but Arman was sitting cross-legged quite comfortably .
tr	O	Trent found her center with his fingertips , and she gasped at the burst of sensation deep in her core .
tr	I	Neither of us had much of an appetite , and we began to take vitamins .
tr	O	She sat in her splendid attire , a white image of helplessness , and he seemed to gratify himself with looking at her .
tr	I	I wondered if his reasoning differed from mine , but since I 'd thought the same thing , I didn 't need to get clarification .
tr	O	NASA is an American non-military organization , and it owns the Hab .
tr	O	She raised her chin defiantly and a soft chuckle escaped me .
tr	O	They are no longer included in the experiments and they are allowed to choose where to live .
tr	O	You might be eating in your own kitchen from now on , but I still have to eat what your mother prepares .
tr	I	Her heart started to pound , and Aria 's throat felt dry .
tr	I	The tip of her nose glowed red , and her face was puffy from crying .
tr	O	This is so new and I didn 't want to jinx it .
tr	I	Nestor 's stomach rumbled at the other man 's words , and the air was heavy with the smell of roasting pork .
tr	O	Runyon tried the door but it was jammed shut .
tr	O	Avril leaned her head against my shoulder and I touched her face with my fingers .
tr	I	It stung the skin where it hit and the rain had turned to sleet now .
tr	I	Things were going to be worse for me or I had to get over this infatuation by tomorrow .
tr	O	Millie Sanford may have given her life , but the woman had never been a mother to Haley .
tr	I	He nodded , and I asked .
tr	O	Maybe Adam was right and we should keep quiet .
tr	I	I pull the ingredients out and I scrounge in the pantry until I find a couple cans of cream of mushroom .
tr	O	I was tempted to announce my love for her to all the other commuters , but I didn 't want to break this moment .
tr	O	I thought sometimes to talk to her , but what good would it do ?
tr	I	She tried not to let it show , but Andra felt like she 'd been punched .
tr	I	He focused on it with an intense , almost painful recognition , and it was part of him .
tr	I	They 'd barely got started on his schooling and she reminded him that he had many , many adventures to take .
tr	O	That 's why you would dislike her , and she feels the same way about you .
tr	O	Richard trusted Bella even more than Mitch , but he knew Mitch needed tasks to keep him focused .
tr	O	The blood was gone from Nicolas 's shirt , but Mikhail wouldn 't be easily fooled .
tr	I	I recognized instantly her and when by now I was despairing , I heard a voice .
tr	I	That wasn 't often , but when necessary , she donned more feminine attire .
tr	O	I knew them better than I knew myself , which wasn 't saying much , but I knew them all the same .
tr	I	They began to move to the music , and he slid his hands around her waist .
tr	I	She pins me firmly to the ground , but she has a nonthreatening face .
tr	I	The driver shut the door and Donnie slid in beside her .
tr	O	They 'd dispensed with the initial formalities , and he 'd declined the obligatory cup of coffee .
tr	O	I don 't know why I would be in trouble tonight , but I 'm sure there 's some reason .
tr	O	Arguing put her on the defensive and she wasn 't going to allow that .
tr	I	I plan to become the farmer I always wanted to be , and I have already handed my resignation in .
tr	I	No sound would come out , but she opened her mouth .
tr	O	I might be a vampire , but I was still a woman .
tr	I	Since we have the better record , Woodbridge High cal s the toss , and we 're playing the game at Vanderbilt University .
tr	I	I hoped he 'd never get enough of me , and I 'd never get enough of Jake .
tr	I	I knew her , but I held no affection for her .
tr	O	Kristy laughed , but all Caroline could focus on was how Kristy had used the past tense regarding Cade 's feelings for her .
tr	I	I know people at every stop and I get to travel for free .
tr	I	The sooner she retrieved the letters , the better , and the banknotes were heavy inside Ainsley 's corset .
tr	I	Every information he could give her , could be worth more than the greatest treasure in the world and she was curious about his plans .
tr	O	I remember little about this other passenger , but I also think it was a woman .
tr	O	She tried to console herself with the thought that he was a skilled gardener , and he would easily find another position .
tr	I	Even he could not help , but only he could dare to .
tr	I	This time it was empty , but Caroline glanced back up at the dark , third story window where she 'd seen her observer before .
tr	I	There was no telltale fragrance , but he scented the air .
tr	I	Sebastian muttered a curse , and Murdoch 's lips parted .
tr	O	Tarquin looked confused and I shook my head .
tr	O	I sent out a feeler to Mom and she was asleep , dreaming about puppies .
tr	O	Her tone was easy , wholly confident , but I had no such faith .
tr	I	She prayed he couldn 't read her thoughts as they crossed her face and he was watching her with narrowed eyes .
tr	I	I thought I 'd take a chance but see , I wasn 't even sure it was you .
tr	O	Mateo 's voice had risen more than he meant it to , but before he could feel bad about it , Nadia started yelling , too .
tr	O	Kate said defensively , but she already knew .
tr	O	The hand curled once , twice , and then she recognized it as a beckoning motion .
tr	O	It felt like his body was still plummeting downwards and everything blurred as a false sense of gravity pushed him down .
tr	O	Samuel 's voice lowered further , but he kept talking .
tr	I	Sky poked her head in , and it opened .
tr	O	I tried to pry the pins out on the door hinges with their scraps , but the pins wouldn 't budge .
tr	O	She sounded worried , but Paul couldn 't bring himself to speak .
tr	O	After all I had a cool million riding on him and I 'd protect him to the best of my ability .
tr	I	I can 't stop looking , but it 's really weird to say this .
tr	O	Give me her student number , and I 'll run it through .
tr	I	I coughed , desperate for air , and the large man was suddenly off me .
tr	I	She needs peace , but she has reason to .
tr	I	All the fighting we have yet to do , and I think of all the fighting we 've done .
tr	O	Her throat was dry and her palms were sweating .
tr	O	She moved and his arm tightened around her .
tr	O	I know that love is required to defeat the monster before me , but I am at a loss as to how to manifest that love .
tr	O	He was leaving for boot camp and she was heading off to college .
tr	O	Sure he had helped by introducing me to Face , but I definitely didn 't need him there this time .
tr	I	She didn 't care , and her dress got soaked .
tr	O	We clapped politely to show we were , and Brodie stood in the front of the room , the Power Play necklace gleaming against his dark shirt .
tr	O	He whistles happily as we walk to the middle of the field , where the dry grass is compressed and the flowers slowly crumble to death .
tr	O	It worried her , but she couldn 't quite figure out what was wrong .
tr	O	I 'm married to you now , and he doesn 't realize you even know about Jerry .
tr	O	I 'd seen Shadows since I hit nine , but today 's Shadow sent shivers all over me .
tr	I	He smiled ruefully , but Jackson 's eyes glowed at my words .
tr	O	He remembered the sweet taste from before , but he doubted they 'd taste good now .
tr	O	He already felt on top of the world with Jess and as she moaned in her sleep , he found peace .
tr	O	He doesn 't swing in my direction , but he 's a treat for the eyes .
tr	O	Flattery felt alone and now there was a painful chill around his flesh , a signal that skin sensation was returning to normal .
tr	O	She 'd free him , or she 'd die trying .
tr	O	I had no idea how he found us but I was sure as hell glad he did .
tr	I	His mind kept slipping back to Barrett 's murder , but waiting for sleep Charlie tried to think some more about approaching his editor .
tr	I	Reacher noticed a couple of new additions , but not much had changed .
tr	O	I typed fourteen and he nodded .
tr	I	They all climbed in , and Aria hit the UNLOCK button on her keychain .
tr	I	Kenny walked over to see her finish reading and Leah was a few yards away by now .
tr	I	His age was beginning to show and the man was past sixty now .
tr	O	She could still hear the rain outside , but it was softer now .
tr	O	His voice was gentle and my heart was pounding .
tr	O	The road was strangely quiet and he looked warily for trouble .
tr	O	You might recognise him if you saw him again , but he would be hard to describe with any conviction .
tr	I	This one does but some demons don 't need to breathe .
tr	O	He couldn 't take his eyes off her chest and she was too intoxicated to notice that he wasn 't paying attention to their conversation .
tr	I	It carried a terrifying reputation , but it was merely a hole in the ground leading into an old cistern .
tr	I	For right now , she was going to enjoy Derrick as much as possible , but she would be extra careful about the pregnancy issue .
tr	I	He could not prove this , but initially he felt that Stephanie was being satisfied by another man .
tr	I	He stopped me again but I rose to leave .
tr	O	They may not need to do anything beyond this initial drop to create the chaos and anarchy Robert was looking for .
tr	I	It kept bothering me , but I wasn 't going to tell you .
tr	O	He could have Soren bring in another but his instincts said they 'd be landing soon .
tr	I	Neither one of them found it , and he 'd helped look for it , too .
tr	O	Once again the man looked mildly bemused , but that was it .
tr	I	Hart remained firmly on the sidelines , the duke famous for never dancing at his own balls , but the ballroom floor was full of whirling couples .
tr	I	His eyes locked on mine , and he removed the dark glasses he was wearing .
tr	O	My hair stands on end and I push the thought away .
tr	O	It was a beautiful movie , and it would still be beautiful , even if the award went to one of the others .
tr	O	Kae opened his mouth again , and the heat in the room rose .
tr	I	Alec then leaned forward and Evan looked between me .
tr	I	When I persistently jerked my head in Claire 's direction , he spoke up , but Jared frowned .
tr	I	His other hand grabbed my wrist , tugging me out of the doors and his arm clamped down tighter on my waist .
tr	O	For every one existed a separate nightmare that would torment my sleep , and I was about to add another .
tr	I	It seemed to Paul he looked uncomfortable , and Eric stood beside the fireplace .
tr	O	Francesca knew she should protest , but his mouth was making her crazy with need .
tr	I	How it made her feel , and she 'd never forget this moment .
tr	O	It had been hard to see Gustav like that , but she continued with the next planned visit ; which was to see Anthony .
tr	O	Once again he could feel her close her eyes and within a few minutes , her heavy breathing resumed .
tr	I	The room was otherwise empty , but a stool sat in one corner .
tr	O	The front door was probably locked , and the hairs on the back of Jonathan 's neck told him that he was still being watched .
tr	O	Please , I do not mean to offend you and I would understand completely if you felt the need to leave immediately .
tr	I	Everyone whipped around in my direction , and a floorboard creaked under my weight .
tr	O	A car door slammed , and Allie froze .
tr	I	The water surrounding Moon collapsed with enough force to knock him off his feet and I moved my staff downward .
tr	I	The answer seemed especially important , and the question came to me .
tr	O	He released his tight grip upon her curls instantly , and his eyes darkened in remorse .
tr	O	He 's running his hands down my body running his eyes across my face running laps with his heart and I 'm running marathons with my mind .
tr	I	I didn 't want to before he was inside me , but I was so ready it was dampening his boxers .
tr	O	I wish I could , but it doesn 't work that way .
tr	O	I 'm not one hundred percent sure , but I think many girls fantasize about being a fly on the wall of a boy 's room .
tr	I	The answer was always yes , and I 'd asked if he still wanted me , still loved me .
tr	I	He didn 't think it would last much longer , and it was built in the nineteen forties .
tr	O	He said nothing in response to that , and Violet hoped maybe that would be the end of it .
tr	O	He didn 't think she was hurt , but he knew something that needed to be done before anyone else saw her .
tr	I	I could smell her perfume and my face was right next to hers .
tr	O	He said it as a statement , but there was this hint of questioning in his tone that made me look up at him .
tr	I	I don 't pull away , but the thought breaks me into even more pieces .
tr	O	She knew it was probably a bad idea to fall asleep , but she couldn 't help it .
tr	O	Some were talking brightly and others were silent .
tr	O	Z didn 't look like he was buying it , and Jane could tell .
tr	I	They didn 't even know it , and humans walked a knife-edge .
tr	O	He arched one eyebrow , and for some moments Mali was without words .
tr	I	We were so close that it was more like pointed at us , but he pointed the gun at me .
tr	I	She fell to the ground and he then shoved her aside .
tr	I	He smiles and I laugh .
tr	I	It was sloppy but the third time my attack looked the same .
tr	O	Her hips rolled with his every thrust , and he allowed her to set the tempo .
tr	O	Perhaps he would be her happy ending , but in her heart she knew it would always be Sebastian .
tr	O	The desk looked like it was made before World War I and the desk chair was all wood .
tr	O	I had been mostly joking , but I 'd dealt with the assumptions I was nothing more than a pretty boy with no goals all my life .
tr	I	She had no doubt that if it came down to it , he 'd fight to the death for those he loved , yet he was kind .
tr	I	He had nearly destroyed it and she had moved here to start a new life .
tr	I	Her wings caused a slight breeze as they flapped frantically and she looked like she was wearing the wood as clothes .
tr	O	His blue eyes blazed into mine , and I swallowed .
tr	I	Singh turned pale , and everyone gasped .
tr	O	Zane looked slightly upset and I stared at him in bewilderment .
tr	O	He suddenly sags , limp in her arms , and with all her strength , she bundles him into the house .
tr	O	Blaine jerked his head slightly up and she faded from sight .
tr	I	Then he should not have been , but Clay was surprised .
tr	I	That was all right , but he couldn 't answer .
tr	O	Some of the slaves had stopped working after watching the scene with the whip and they were staring at Dillon in awe .
tr	I	Dare used the time to get himself under control and Liza headed inside .
tr	I	My eyes were actually glowing green this time , and I saw my reflection in the side mirror .
tr	I	I swear , I 'm done , Gary , but it 's so screwed-up .
tr	I	It wasn 't in vain but the price was high .
tr	I	That just made it better , but it was huge on her .
tr	I	As usual , I was the first one there , and it was a quarter of seven .
tr	O	Both have backpacks and one is carrying a basketball under his right arm .
tr	I	They didn 't get marked , but there were millions of religious zealots around the world who killed in God 's name every day .
tr	O	Capable soldiers were needed elsewhere and those that remained grew lax .
tr	O	A cloaked figure appeared in the door frame , face in shadows , but I caught a glimpse of dark hair .
tr	O	He was losing her and he didn 't know why .
tr	O	Monty volunteered , and I could almost feel his excitement .
tr	O	Angela suddenly stopped and William bumped gently against her .
tr	O	She combed out her hair and the action did provide a bit of comfort .
tr	I	He kept moving ever onward but his strength was waning .
tr	O	He did though , and I 'm glad He did .
tr	O	Her spine stiffened and her hands fisted .
tr	I	I heard his heart race wildly , and my ear pressed against his chest .
tr	I	They stayed behind to help , but they got their families out .
tr	O	Katie wanted me to try out , but I wasn 't into sports .
tr	I	The stories that accompanied the presentation only served to magnify all their interests , but that alone was intriguing enough .
tr	I	The way the tips of my ears would always turn red and I smile wistfully , thinking of the crisp February air back in Oxford .
tr	O	The face was willful , certainly , but the eyes were filled with love .
tr	O	Her Glock , if she could find it again , and a rifle would be good .
tr	I	They were stil burned out by the sun in the West , but the stars were visible on the eastern half of the sky .
tr	O	I hadn 't wanted to kill Hank , but in the end , he 'd left me no choice .
tr	O	I pushed off as he lifted , and then I was on the sidewalk .
tr	O	When she heard what was being said on the other side , her eyes narrowed and her face went bleak .
tr	O	Her voice was barely above a whisper , but she wasn 't running away .
tr	I	The bombings took place anyway , resulting in the loss of several thousand civilian lives and this memo was supposedly ignored by the administration .
tr	I	Selma was used in every generation for centuries and lucky for him , Giles traced several names down .
tr	I	It was too late , but he just didn 't want me to see the costume inside the duffel bag .
tr	I	We got up to leave and lunch break was now over .
tr	I	He still could not muster the courage to go back , but it had been a year since then .
tr	I	I held the hand of the man who was the love of my life , and we stood in front of the Eiffel Tower .
tr	I	The way he 's admiring me only makes me want to be this exposed , but I 've never been this exposed in front of someone before .
tr	O	His eyes grew heavy and soon they were shut .
tr	I	The creature collapsed to the ground , and he cut open the vampire 's belly with a single slice .
tr	O	A silence fell between us , and I began to feel uneasy .
tr	O	He looked at me , not understanding what I intended , and I was somehow able to stop .
tr	O	I had their scent and from now on , I was staying as far away from them as I could get .
tr	I	The pain in her leg was already bearable and she had no headache anymore .
tr	I	They began to sway slowly to the music , and she wrapped her arms around his neck as he pulled her against him .
tr	I	The government-issued protection wasn 't there because of him , but Bobby Clarence was a political star on the rise .
tr	O	He didn 't even know it but he still didn 't want it right now !
tr	O	His other hand rested over his thigh and she watched as the light glinted off his wedding band .
tr	I	I buried my face in my lap for a moment , while I tried to gather my thoughts , and all my senses were working in overdrive .
tr	I	I doubted they had one of the coffee shops she couldn 't live without , and I was sure they didn 't have a shopping center there .
tr	O	She said earnestly and I nodded at her .
tr	I	His body didn 't give a shit , but with his head swimming , he tried to keep his brain sharp in order to dodge her questions .
tr	O	One man may eat enough for two , but he does not eat enough for ten .
tr	O	My shoes cracked open with an annoyingly ripe shriek , and I was free .
tr	O	Maybe it was because Zeke was at the school and I had the sudden compulsion to cheer .
tr	O	He not only knew how to live life to the fullest , but somehow he also managed to bring life to those around him .
tr	O	Haley listens to the music with fascination , but her little face looks exhausted .
tr	I	He needed to get through it but writing this letter was exhausting him .
tr	O	She was naturally a clean person , but she tended to let clutter build up by Friday .
tr	O	I was eight at the time , and I used to pester her to draw all the characters from my favorite cartoons .
tr	O	His arms were tired and his lower back ached .
tr	O	It 's my problem , and I 'll solve it .
tr	I	When it returned he saw this world completely differently but his sight was only blocked for a moment .
tr	O	Never have we let a man come between us , and we certainly won 't start now .
tr	I	She couldn 't put a name to the face , but Austin followed his gaze to see a slightly familiar girl .
tr	O	He stepped forward , but two deputies entered the room .
tr	O	She turned her eyes to Sebastian , and they were writhing black snakes .
tr	O	Owen 's shoulders slumped and he sat back down .
tr	I	I leaned toward the light , and she held the paper closer to the torch .
tr	O	Sam 's blond brows shot up and his brow furrowed .
tr	O	The cut on his mouth had started to throb and he needed to get to the station to deal with Schaffer .
tr	O	Their restaurant 's manager was sick and the wait staff was having to run everything on their own .
tr	O	I 've talked with her parents twice but they 're not much help .
tr	O	Her eyelids snapped open and she sat up quickly .
tr	I	The snow was coming down so thickly that we couldn 't see ten feet , and the gale was howling around our makeshift shelter .
tr	I	The doors opened , and the elevator dinged .
tr	O	My accent slipped out , and I didn 't care .
tr	I	For a moment she misunderstood him , thinking he meant her dead husband , and he asked .
tr	I	I had to tell her something , but my mom stressed out way too easily .
tr	O	I knocked on the door , and somebody said to come in .
tr	O	She heard him turn , move back into the room , and she opened her eyes .
tr	O	The little Neanderthal had put up a fight - but in the end he was no match for the McGill .
tr	O	He didn 't know when , but he knew it was coming .
tr	I	Forte was helped down to a sidewalk and the truck stopped .
tr	I	A woman with dark hair bustled inside , and the door opened then .
tr	I	The jolting increased as he speeded up , and Snowy 's nostrils flared .
tr	O	We 're both kids with each other , and this world is made just for us .
tr	I	Peter could perceive the ozone in the air and the blade gave off a low hum .
tr	O	He followed her , and I watched them .
tr	I	She couldn 't squeeze a word out and the butterflies in Abigail 's stomach fluttered into her throat .
tr	O	A smile crossed Aquarius ' face and Samara departed .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure , but he had heard there was an ordinance .
tr	O	Her order came , and she tucked in .
tr	I	Though she gave no physical reaction , the bond brought him her spike of alarm , and Min hesitated .
tr	I	Mac could only guess at where Raymond might be now , but Raymond was one of the few who knew she 'd been onboard Zinger 's yacht .
tr	I	She rose from her seat , and something about the sight nauseated her .
tr	O	His eyes flew open and he looked at me .
tr	I	The last thing she needs is another heartbreaking betrayal and she 's been through hell .
tr	O	They both perused the highly unusual selection available from the menu , and Sophie was impressed , so much so that she found it difficult to choose .
tr	O	The jet lifts off and for a moment I feel immortal .
tr	O	My throat was too dry and my body too exhausted .
tr	I	Then hers , before she could protest , and he slung his pack over his shoulder .
tr	O	The agreement wasn 't bad , but he knew that she needed legal advice from an uninterested party .
tr	I	Then it was nothing at all , and the island was a reflection in a puddle of water .
tr	I	I could tell that they were both , truly happy and they looked into each other 's eyes .
tr	O	All the while , he 's gauging my reactions , but he sees not the slightest change .
tr	I	He wanted one thing from them and Women wanted one thing from him .
tr	I	He realized that if he 'd thought he 'd found himself a quiet , meek wife , he was definitely mistaken and she peppered Camila with questions .
tr	O	She strained to track the vehicle , but the tall trees standing alongside the road hid them after a few moments .
tr	O	He seemed so sincere in his change ... but I 'd believed him before , only to be deceived .
tr	I	My body buzzed with divine energy , and my collar fell to the floor .
tr	O	His fingers brushed over the amulet and Jocelyn gave a small jerk at the tiny prickles that seemed to come from the warm metal .
tr	O	A fire was going in a large grate , and several comfortable armchairs were pulled up near it .
tr	O	He eased back , and his hand rose to gently caress the curve of her stomach .
tr	I	She 'd damn well get it , and I had promised her a milkshake before realizing she had to study .
tr	O	Amelia felt her shoulders drop , and her mother 's embrace cocooned her .
tr	I	I must say simply that I do not know so I prefer not to judge , but I also doubt this .
tr	I	The colors don 't look familiar at all , but the house is tan with a dark brown trim .
tr	I	The bruising had finally begun to fade , and it had been two weeks since I smashed his nose .
tr	O	I could hear Mina 's soft , even breathing on one side of me , and on the other , the more labored breaths of Miss Ashton .
tr	O	The line went quiet , but Earl could hear breathing .
tr	I	Everyone stared at me while I sputtered and I choked on my coffee at that .
tr	I	She couldn 't worry about that , but she was going to leave a trail .
tr	I	At Christmas she 'd still felt emotionally shaky , but she hadn 't wanted to talk about it .
tr	I	When she gasped another sharp inhale of breath it was worth it and I suffered through her theatrics .
tr	O	He met us in town last night and we discussed our concerns with him first .
tr	I	He was in good spirits just now , but normally he wouldn 't consider her demands .
tr	O	They were soaked , and when he ripped them from me , I let out a soft cry of surprise .
tr	I	He pointed out the target , but metaphorically speaking , he may not have fired the gun .
tr	I	The Manhattan neighborhood was as hectic as ever , and it was early afternoon on Sunday .
tr	O	My being naked on top of Dorian hadn 't seemed like any big deal to her - and probably , it wasn 't .
tr	I	It seemed a pretty easy wager to win but I 'm not normally a betting man .
tr	I	This time it wasn 't coming from him and that is , until I smelled smoke again .
tr	I	We 're back to status quo , and I push hard on the ice to get away .
tr	O	They wore the same outfit as the guards , but I didn 't think they were all guards .
tr	O	Her hair was down now , and she sat next to Riley .
tr	I	I would give up everything I had to be her father , but she may not be mine by birth .
tr	I	Today was different , but usually I stay out of the way when Aunt Tabby goes anywhere near the boiler .
tr	O	She paused and he grabbed the car seat from her , following as she made her way up the rickety front porch steps .
tr	O	At first it was not easily noticeable but over time the changes grew more apparent .
tr	O	Jess was sure a song played in Marie 's head and she hurried to usher her into the apartment before any of the neighbors saw .
tr	O	This is the third company I 've run and it likely won 't be the last .
tr	O	I knew right away that it was Xavier 's parents and it was in that moment that it suddenly hit me .
tr	I	This time , I don 't hide , and there 's a soldier charging in my direction .
tr	O	I move into kiss her and she gives me a quick peck on the lips , before leaning away .
tr	O	My leg still stung , but I bore the pain .
tr	I	There was no enmity in her , but she knew the woman did Rafael 's bidding .
tr	O	It 's actually not a pout , but that 's the only word I can come up with .
tr	O	All eyes were on Grace , and the workers ' faces were filled with awe .
tr	I	David picked up on it right away , and the words were spoken with a bit too much conviction .
tr	I	He couldn 't think what it was , but something about the firing positions bothered him .
tr	O	I don 't entirely trust that inner voice , but even if I wanted to reject the union , I couldn 't .
tr	I	I giggled and he began to put on a limp .
tr	O	She slid onto the seat closest to me , and I caught a whiff of sweet perfume .
tr	O	I let go of his arm , and Jason pulled down his shirt sleeve to hide the injury .
tr	O	Sasha moved in to take the knife , and Connelly ordered Gregor to put his hands straight up while she did so .
tr	O	She tried to stand but Colin 's hands prevented her .
tr	I	Each command was responsible for its own section and the IOF split the city up into sections .
tr	I	A hitherto unseen Doberman dived after something grey flashing through into the next garden and a vicious fit of barking erupted .
tr	O	Dizziness struck him , but he pushed through it , inhaling , exhaling .
tr	O	I thanked the clerk as I left , and he seemed relieved that I wasn 't going to do anything to him .
tr	I	He had seen enough movies to have the general idea , but he had never taken any lessons .
tr	O	The monster looked up and the lights blinded me .
tr	O	This had to stop and it had to stop right now .
tr	O	She was thrown into the deep end at work once her first week was completed , and she loved it .
tr	O	They were all smothered in their sleep , and the house was set afire to cover it up .
tr	O	She walked back into the fortress and the soldiers closed rank .
tr	I	As the chapel came into sight , he dropped it , but Isaac held her hand as they walked out of the little woods behind the school .
tr	I	Now was not the time to air them , but she had other suspicions about Max 's motivations .
tr	O	The thought deserved a hearty laugh but the echo would be too disorientating .
tr	I	Ready to touch the waters and I was nearly at the pool .
tr	O	Dusk turned to dark and the air became cool .
tr	O	She was the one that got away and he hoped he was strong enough this time around to not let her break him .
tr	O	The fog was so thick she couldn 't be sure , but she thought she saw a light shining in her room .
tr	I	It turned out that I would never be able to have kids , but the treatments knocked it out .
tr	I	It sat overturned on the table , and I 'd gotten a plastic stock car with my Happy Meal .
tr	O	Jasmine had brought some paper and the two women spent the next hour figuring out how they wanted the shop to look .
tr	I	They danced in the street ... and people danced in the tavern .
tr	I	Say she 'd simply been wrapped up in the great sex , or no way she could try to take it back .
tr	O	Anyway I am going back now , and the dwarves can do what they like to me .
tr	I	He wanted to let Francesca sleep as long as possible , but it was past eight .
tr	I	I was glad because I didn 't want him to ruin it , and we were too cramped for Duke to notice my hand in Trevor 's .
tr	O	Peter was again at Catrina 's side , keeping his promise , and he could see that she too was worried .
tr	I	Travelling back gave the time of it , and he didn 't ' have lunch because the travelling to the studio , being there .
tr	O	I reached for his pants , but he caught my hands , holding them over my head as he unhooked my bustier .
tr	O	She laughs as he says something and it leaves me scratching my head .
tr	I	His demeanor was likely to matter more , but she 'd chosen him because of his brilliant mind .
tr	I	Stealing his breath and tightening her muscles .
tr	I	It 's just as well , and circling around the truck , he doesn 't catch that .
tr	I	That left the way open to get back inside the house , and if Ken was here , Mari would be covering his back .
tr	I	He interrupted her but she started to say .
tr	I	Tobias shrugged , but I looked toward Ivy , who seemed skeptical .
tr	O	The cashmere yarn was the most expensive in the shop and she 'd bought it in a creamy gray .
tr	O	[ Looks hard at Emily ] All your little games and the verbal lashings were your attempt at making me see him too .
tr	O	Daemon hesitated , but curiosity pushed aside caution .
tr	O	Luke pulled out my chair with one hand like a perfect gentleman and I sat down , inhaling something that must have been cedar cologne .
tr	O	He had suffered unimaginable pain already , and these scars would add to the many he 'd collected over the years .
tr	I	That stuff won 't come out easily , and you 'll just get ointment on them .
tr	O	The cops know it , but they 're ignoring it .
tr	O	He 's really going to move and I 'm not ready for it .
tr	I	He knew he had to do whatever he could to prevent such an outcome , and the thought of that troubled him .
tr	O	His scorching mouth descended on her right nipple and she shuddered from the contact .
tr	O	Grace had avoided them as much as possible , but she was more concerned about Will .
tr	O	Maya smiled while Nicolas shook his head in vexation and Dmitri wondered over to the metal desk behind them .
tr	I	She 'd be in that window seat reading , and I 'd be working in here for hours .
tr	O	Jael spins it elegantly in the palm of his hand , but his reflexes are lightning fast .
tr	I	Other people got up and there were more screams .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure how I was going to continue on with the night and my stomach was in knots .
tr	I	I knew no other , but it was not a happy one .
tr	I	It elated her at the same time , but the thought of having another cub frightened her almost as much as riding did .
tr	O	It felt a little strange not knowing Thomas 's wife 's name , but she understood it .
tr	I	You will keep these low servants of yours away , and you are not to go aloft with him again .
tr	O	It was too early to say who had died , but the news broadcast was immediately followed by solemn music .
tr	I	Nothing ever came of it but there was some talk about murder .
tr	O	It didn 't quite fit the music but he seemed to have caught the rhythm .
tr	O	Haven glanced back occasionally , but every time she did , Marius waved her away impatiently .
tr	O	A small cheer went up and Tim gave Jacqueline a high-five .
tr	O	They had something to do , and they were marching toward it .
tr	I	Adrenaline shot into his veins , and the word fired his anger .
tr	I	Jess was the only person I felt comfortable talking to about it , and I couldn 't keep it all inside .
tr	O	Any tensing on my part could push out the baby , and that was something I refused to do until I saw my husband .
tr	O	It had worked with Mavis Weld and it would work here .
tr	O	There was a low hum and the egg 's seams glowed .
tr	O	The driver shouted something rude out of the window , but they ignored him .
tr	I	You get the picture he 's conveying , but which , of course , he never saw .
tr	I	The Welshman had to involve his personal revenge and here they were on a solemn business transaction .
tr	I	Elliott keeps hold of my hand , but she throws her arms around me .
tr	O	We shook hands , and he left .
tr	O	She noticed that Lewis was still limping , but she did not sympathize with him .
tr	I	His eyelids slid down halfway over his eyes , giving them the dull look of the dead , and then his body went entirely limp .
tr	O	Mack has his head between my legs , and he 's doing something with his tongue .
tr	I	I remained steadfast in my seat but she nudged my shoulder .
tr	I	There was nothing that she could do to stop it , and no , it was definitely not going to be ok .
tr	I	She was not sure where it came from but she could still hear his footsteps .
tr	O	Surprise registered on his face , but it quickly turned into a shout .
tr	I	The appropriate services shall be contacted or leave now .
tr	I	I was instantly turned on , but I didn 't know if it was the fact that we were out in the open .
tr	O	He didn 't even want to call her that , but he didn 't know what other word to use .
tr	O	He leaned up against the church 's sand stonewall and I leaned against his chest .
tr	I	The kitchen filled with an aroma that made my stomach rumble and Time passed .
tr	I	I was only a tool , but I 'd thought I was his partner .
tr	O	I have some favors I need to call in , but I will get to the bottom of this .
tr	I	He gave me a big smile and Charlie 's round face soon appeared .
tr	I	His face was smudged with smoke , and Catfish was sweating despite the cold .
tr	I	We might be able to take them down together , but they looked pretty tough .
tr	O	I had sneaked inside , and using some coins I had stolen from one of my victims to purchase a bottle of wine .
tr	I	He might take Micah 's side in that situation , and warning humans about a Reboot attack basically made us traitors .
tr	I	He gave it no thought , but a small chimera ran past Heisenberg .
tr	O	No way to avoid it forever , but putting it off for a few hours didn 't seem like a bad plan , either .
tr	O	Pain clawed at the edges of her consciousness , but Charles 's arm around her shoulder steadied her .
tr	I	I taken a journey alone and not since we first came Topside had Fade .
tr	I	His eyes widened and he glanced up .
tr	I	The fountains aren 't flowing , and Metal gates cover the shops .
tr	I	Though he knew what she was silently aiming at , he made no motion to explain himself and Lina gave him a funny look .
tr	O	She gazed directly at Fintan and he felt strange in his stomach .
tr	I	She was seeing stars , and her head was spinning .
tr	I	Even on your first visit here you were quite dazed and when I first heard your voice you seemed very groggy .
tr	O	Jamie 's breath caught , and she couldn 't stop herself from arching her back into his touch .
tr	O	I rip my hands away and her eyes widen with embarrassment .
tr	I	She had no intention of permitting herself to fall under his sensual spell , but she knew she wasn 't immune to him .
tr	I	I dare a peek and the sound of a stampede encloses me .
tr	O	She called Monica 's cell again and it still went straight to voicemail .
tr	I	He knew that being known as a mass murderer would actually get him respect in the joint , and he 'd been in jail already .
tr	O	I 've decided it 's time for a fresh start , and I 've chosen to do it on the West Coast .
tr	O	He squints as if studying me , and then moves to take a seat .
tr	I	At the other end I think I see someone , but the hall seems to tilt in front of me .
tr	I	The sea taketh , right and the sea giveth ?
tr	O	Then when you go to board your ship , Hugo will step out from his pillar , and the show begins .
tr	O	Tiffany had come between them , but he 'd let her do that .
tr	I	We both knew it , and we were about to cross a line .
tr	I	My stomach lit up , and I took a sip .
tr	O	Dennis glanced back towards the ghost , but her chair was empty .
tr	O	Nobody had seen Simon at all since he 'd been unwilling to leave Kara 's side , but Maddie came out with periodic progress reports .
tr	O	My legs stayed around his waist and he pushed into me , keeping no distance between us .
tr	O	They were calling for storms that day , but according to the radar , the storms wouldn 't be in our area until the races were over .
tr	O	She was huge with child and I think our daughter must be ready .
tr	O	I study the occupant 's lined face , but he hardly seems threatening .
tr	I	Julie started back to her room , and a scream pierced the air .
tr	I	I couldn 't help feeling like I could trust him , but I knew it was a silly thing to think .
tr	O	He was extremely nervous , and I didn 't blame him one bit .
tr	O	I don 't know what for , but some think it is for a factory they are going to build .
tr	I	Now I 'm not and I was dead .
tr	I	Now that seemed very long ago , but the day had started so well at the beach .
tr	I	Then they closed the door behind them , and she offered a small smile in thanks .
tr	O	I handed her my credit card in return for the tiny bottle of liquid gold , and I laughed aloud at the size of it .
tr	O	I am not upset that we ran , but I would 've fought .
tr	I	Mat reluctantly rode him down , and a fat man with bloodied cheeks stumbled into the road .
tr	I	She looked away and her lips pressed in a hard line .
tr	I	She unloaded a bullet into the creature 's head , stopping it dead in its tracks , and Cordelia 's left hand swung into view .
tr	O	He looked at his cell phone it said eleven in the afternoon but it looked as if the sun had already set .
tr	I	Such things make him happy anyway , but Elijah knows it 's quite simple .
tr	O	It was hot down here , or maybe it was just the alcohol .
tr	O	You say Abigail will never know her mother , but she lives through you .
tr	O	I saw Rebecca flinch slightly , and I understood how she felt .
tr	O	She hadn 't meant to do it but Celeste always picked up on the little words she used .
tr	I	That wasn 't saying much at all , but she was a little more well-fed than the other two .
tr	I	He couldn 't quite put his finger on it , but something hit him hard .
tr	O	My arms were wrenched back behind me and my head was pulled back by my hair , exposing my throat .
tr	O	You want to know what they 're thinking so you can really help them , really cut through all the bullshit , but you can 't .
tr	I	She wouldn 't argue with Pappy , but my mother wouldn 't like it .
tr	I	She wondered if Willard would still be there and it was after shift by the time she reached the morgue .
tr	I	Tammy jumped and the shop door bell rang .
tr	I	I worried I was going to faint , and the world was doing that thing where it started to spin .
tr	O	I nodded and he began .
tr	I	I immediately noticed the ears pricked up on the horses and there was something different .
tr	O	She turned toward him a little , but her body still faced Josh 's bed .
tr	O	I was worried he didn 't have strong feelings for me anymore , but maybe I was wrong .
tr	I	That was it , but I recognized one of them as a particularly complicated celtic knot .
tr	I	They fell to the ground and he controlled the energy , diverted the icicles away .
tr	O	The metal chain snapped , but Verity didn 't even notice .
tr	I	I expect you to use it and the university provides you with a perfectly acceptable room .
tr	O	I turn around in a complete circle , but no one is in the shelter with me .
tr	I	I hope she understands that , and we 're just friends .
tr	O	As if on cue , my phone vibrated next to my plate and I glanced over as the screen lit up .
tr	I	Now she should focus on moving on , and he was done .
tr	O	Her eyes flickered and she slowly nodded .
tr	I	I could not hit him but I frantically fired at the policeman down the hall .
tr	O	She was a romantic , and he was so brooding .
tr	I	It probably won 't be the last and this isn 't the first time he 's had to pick me up under these kinds of circumstances .
tr	O	I stand up from the bed and she pulls a perplexed look from the doorway of the bathroom .
tr	O	He wants to mate me , but I just can 't picture it .
tr	I	There was no sight , but her eyelids fluttered open .
tr	O	Josephine turned to look at the vortex which was not only churning with turbulent force but manifesting an energy matrix within its center .
tr	O	They had stumbled upon this on purpose and he was hoping to keep right on stumbling .
tr	I	My dad is sitting there in his dragon form and I walk closer to the throne .
tr	O	The sorcerers were desperate for a way to increase their magic and they weren 't going to back off without a substantial threat .
tr	I	I wanted to shake with defeat and I felt the hard metal of the gun ram into my rib cage .
tr	O	His dark hair hung down over one eye , and his backpack was slung casually over his shoulder .
tr	O	She flicked on the light switch which illuminated the porch and she shot back the brass night bolt on the old oak door .
tr	I	He knew he didn 't enjoy it , but he didn 't know what it was .
tr	O	I 'd assured her that I wouldn 't get him , and I 'd taken her inside to calm her down myself .
tr	O	I told you Alexander is behind this , but a name doesn 't tell you anything .
tr	O	I turned , not expecting her to follow , but she did , pausing just inside my room while I crossed to the dresser .
tr	O	She 'd screamed before , for Drake , but those screams had been about pleasure .
tr	O	The atmosphere around us was tense , and I could feel the antipathy pouring off Nell .
tr	O	About fifteen percent of those who OD on it die from it , and another five percent end up in a coma .
tr	O	I might have a hard time waking up in the morning , but there 's nothing like an intruder to get the mojo flowing .
tr	O	They were soldiers -- privates -- and they were kicked out for robbery .
tr	I	She found that she was a patient vampire , but Angelina had always been an impatient young girl .
tr	I	Harry didn 't notice , but she called out again .
tr	I	It would be spectacular , and he could see the story taking shape .
tr	O	I was too agile , and they often ended up striking each other in all the chaos .
tr	O	I thought back , trying to remember , but nothing came to mind .
tr	I	I somehow find a way to reply , but my lungs are begging me for air .
tr	I	The yorkie remedied its harmful effects , and loneliness was not a good thing .
tr	O	It was his , and she didn 't want to be reminded of him .
tr	O	Caroline had dated Jack for a month the previous year , and Mabry knew she had done all she could to sink her claws into him .
tr	O	I know how it sounded , but I couldn 't help it .
tr	O	Her palms were sweating and a fine tremble had started in her limbs .
tr	O	Dylan didn 't respond right away and for a second she thought he would say no .
tr	O	The door slid closed and the façade fell away .
tr	I	He decided to let it pass , but he only cared about results .
tr	O	The car was barely visible , but she knew it was there .
tr	O	A bit sore , but that 's alright .
tr	I	Things seemed to be getting worse , but he had dealt with her moods for years , even when they were sometimes hurtful .
tr	I	Nothing happened , but she tried again to dreamscape .
tr	O	It was all too little , too late and despite her frantic efforts she was helpless to halt the inevitable .
tr	O	We flashed his photo all over the place , including Belfast , but nobody recognized him .
tr	O	I think she 's going to say something more , but she just repeats that .
tr	O	We can no longer nurse them the way humans can , and they need a mixture of nutrients .
tr	O	Ruben turns a little more toward Aggie , and his face looks like Cora 's when she asks Alex about Queen Elizabeth .
tr	I	I figured I should at least ask , but I knew Colin wasn 't there for a drink .
tr	O	I hesitated , and she saw it .
tr	I	He nodded vigorously and Paul 's face lit up .
tr	I	It landed in a heap at his feet and he shrugged off his jacket .
tr	O	I reflect on the day , and my thoughts center on the boy at the lake .
tr	O	He blindly clutched at the feel , and Gordon grabbed at him in turn .
tr	O	I watched the bouncers throw a man out of the club and he landed at my feet .
tr	I	The truth was more complicated , but the word came out automatically .
tr	I	My eyes located the blurry green exit sign above the media lab door , but my brain protested the vertigo .
tr	I	Then into each added a spoonful of powdered orchid root , and she poured some of the hot water into two mugs .
tr	I	In fact we had , but I shook my head .
tr	O	Tony makes friends everywhere , but you throw yourself into your work .
tr	I	I didn 't want you to see me like that , and I was a mess .
tr	O	It almost washed me away from the railing , but I held on tight .
tr	O	She shook her head , and the seductive smile she received in return set off a small explosion low in her belly .
tr	I	This would resonate well with the men who were her real audience , but she didn 't want to lose the children 's attention .
tr	O	The leaves were changing , but the air was balmy .
tr	O	Silence wraps around me , and I fill it with my voice .
tr	O	Many she would be able to attend to with the rent money she had received , and the others could wait until her quarterly allowance arrived .
tr	O	Maddox found Reyes in the foyer , but the warrior was not alone .
tr	I	He stood up as well , and I rose to my feet .
tr	I	Everything I did would come back on her and Taylor was tangled up in this mess now .
tr	I	I 'm trying to catch my breath , but I want to say something to her .
tr	I	The ranch is running fine , and they do a good job .
tr	I	I knew to remain silent , and she glanced over at me .
tr	I	Bubble gum pink was not my color , but the sweater was pretty .
tr	O	The music was blaring and the floor was thumping .
tr	O	It was a coin they gave me , and I could get nothing from it .
tr	O	I think the powers that be have planned for the financial collapse but they don 't know how the Middle East will finally resolve itself .
tr	I	Yet , I didn 't play for her , and I knew she could not resist the music .
tr	I	It was going to make Carrie cry , and this wasn 't going to be good .
tr	O	I wanted to tell her off so badly , but I couldn 't bring myself to do so .
tr	O	Kinsey continued to tug on her arm , but it was useless .
tr	O	I hesitated for a second , but I knew this woman knew something that I did not .
tr	O	An amazing amount of food had vanished from the service table , and the stout young woman in white was cleaning away the remnants .
tr	O	She heard Wolves howling , but she wasn 't sure how close they were to this part of the Courtyard .
tr	O	The door suddenly opened , and I was grateful that I 'd left it unlocked after letting Lee in .
tr	I	Few prisoners ever manage to escape and they have tight security .
tr	I	I mouthed off and I was upset .
tr	I	Most everyone got off the ship , but apparently there was still a large fire .
tr	O	It would be better if Vira were alive , but she can be just as useful to me dead .
tr	O	Her expression was stern , but Michael must have seen something I didn 't , because he broke into a grin .
tr	O	It was gearing down for the hill and in the sound he could feel the weight of the cargo that was coming to him .
tr	I	Then Shawn rotated the girls , changing the groups so they would all be forced to work together , and they chatted lightly for a while longer .
tr	I	He jerked his head to the side , flicking his hair from his eyes and his arms remained folded .
tr	O	It was quiet , and he knew that the many benches would be a magnet for the homeless .
tr	O	Unless the child is very special , that is , and my parents would probably not reveal that information .
tr	I	We continue to drive in silence and he puts the car into gear .
tr	I	A volley of rifle shots were sent in our direction and we got to the ranch at the foothills .
tr	O	I 'm sorry I 'm going to miss the funeral , but I 'm expected at the Jackson 's for the summer .
tr	O	The ports are being watched by agents of the Pope and mercenaries are cheap due to the famines of the north .
tr	I	He was unaccustomed to being questioned , but he didn 't mean to fidget .
tr	I	His flinty eyes watched everyone with seeming disinterest , and he 'd smoothed his usually messy hair back .
tr	I	I could manage them , but they were a little big .
tr	O	Twice they repeated the words and like a plague , the crows began to drop .
tr	O	Kim punched him in the gut , and he doubled over .
tr	O	We had agreed to investigate , and Ethan couldn 't leave the estate until the coast was clear .
tr	O	I 'm in a magical realm , filled with magical people , and I have magical powers .
tr	O	She kissed him before she sat down and a shiver of delight ran through him as their minds touched .
tr	I	It was common knowledge that some people snuck it in , but Alcohol wasn 't allowed on school grounds , of course .
tr	O	This was a true Collar , and Dylan carried it to Fionn .
tr	I	He 'd give just as much and he would demand she give everything .
tr	O	Well technically he wasn 't my guy last time but he had been flirting with me .
tr	I	He swallowed once , and his voice was wavering .
tr	O	Pockets turned out and shiny coins spilled , a shimmering waterfall into the abyss .
tr	I	This time it 's as it should be , but I leave myself behind .
tr	O	I 've only seen pictures , but I bet it 's even better to see in person .
tr	I	This time , he looked afraid , and he was still backing away .
tr	I	I think he 's embarrassed to be caught caring , and he half smiles at me .
tr	O	His eyes usually drifted to the window , and he watched the black night start to pale .
tr	O	His father was a partner at a major law firm in Manhattan and his mother was a well-known news anchor in the city .
tr	O	He is lean , but with his fists clenched in silent fury , I can see the hard line of muscle taut against his sleeves .
tr	O	His arm was raised to the surface , but not touching .
tr	O	The security officer yelled after him as he ran past , but Eliot ignored him .
tr	I	That 's when he saw his younger brother glaring at him and he shook his wet hair out of his eyes .
tr	I	The huge gash Sky had cut into it and his hood fell back , revealing his face .
tr	O	She stared up at him and he smiled .
tr	I	I could not hear him , but he repeated it .
tr	O	Of course she 'd thought about him , but she had put all thought of seeing him to one side .
tr	O	I trawled for it , but the silence remained obdurate .
tr	I	He began to taunt me , and his friends had gathered about .
tr	I	You will never have the chance to speak with her privately , but I 'm sorry , Anna .
tr	O	You 're too busy , but you don 't see any choice .
tr	I	It happened anyway , but hell , I hadn 't wanted things to change .
tr	O	Her head cracked against the floor , and her eyes rolled up into the back of her head .
tr	O	She was being playful , but she was also serious .
tr	O	His face was unreadable as he stared out at the distant mountains , and that made Terra 's stomach knot up .
tr	O	His hands wander while we watch , and I can 't hide how turned on I am .
tr	O	His dad was there , dressed in a polo shirt and he smiled a lot .
tr	I	A low tingle starts in my lower stomach , and his eyes comb over my body approvingly .
tr	O	I 've got to get back to work , but I appreciate this more than you know .
tr	O	I could hear the voices , but I couldn 't see the gloves .
tr	O	She sighed before resting her head on my chest , and I began to slowly stroke her hair .
tr	O	When I return back to the chair , I feel a little bit better , but I 'm still distracted .
tr	I	Edward seemed just as comfortable as he had when I was on the phone with Ren e , and I took a break to call Jacob .
tr	O	I kicked harder , and his hands tightened .
tr	I	Lacy 's spirits had soared , and he had smiled in return .
tr	O	Her words entered my ears , but I didn 't comprehend them .
tr	I	I found myself hungrier than expected and I ate my meal .
tr	I	He was forced to disengage and something flashed past his cheek .
tr	O	I started to slam the door , but he reached far across the seat to keep the door from shutting all the way .
tr	I	Now she worried it would be ruined , but Kendra had wanted to catch that movie .
tr	I	It 's you I fell in love with , but Jeff is a wonderful plus in this relationship .
tr	I	Your body was cremated on Earth , but when you killed yourself , your spirit came here .
tr	I	The view flashed to the exterior , and the two-dimensional figures exited the cottage .
tr	O	The general form of interaction could be guessed , but the specific results were uncertain .
tr	O	I giggled and he smiled .
tr	I	Ice , vending machines , everything else are about twenty feet past your room , but I know it 's late .
tr	I	I slid my hands under his sweater and his fingers dug into the waistband of my jeans .
tr	I	They were so cute when they were together , but they could not have looked any less like a couple that belonged with one another .
tr	I	The screen now showed no bars , and her call to Bill had dropped .
tr	O	Abe asks for my help on another table , and I never make it back to the guy from the motorcycle .
tr	O	Then she looked up at Hudson , and her face went from its natural pale color to a rosy glow .
tr	I	The light breeze was blowing , and one window was open wide .
tr	I	I can 't open it , but I grab for my necklace .
tr	O	The second Mog at least manages to reach for his blaster but that 's as far as he gets .
tr	I	It fell to the ground , landing on a soft patch of lawn and stunned , she forgot about her milk .
tr	O	This scenario made me sound like an alien sucking her brains out through a straw , but it also kind of made sense .
tr	O	The door opened and he went in .
tr	O	It was a fast turn , with camber ; and it resulted in my having to swerve .
tr	I	Then told her to cooperate with him , and he had drawn a weapon on her .
tr	O	I 'm about to speak as we take the lift downstairs , but Rob gives me a look that silences me .
tr	I	He had interesting ideas on what passed for good food , but Budda 's father was a fair cook .
tr	O	Her voice catches in her throat , and she waits for the hidden sob to retreat before continuing .
tr	O	The early morning air is bitter cold and I hug myself to keep warm .
tr	I	That was what mattered , and Hank was evil now .
tr	I	There 's still so much more to see , but I 've seen a chunk of the universe , true .
tr	I	The parking lot fell silent again and the driver turned the car off .
tr	O	One day he 'd kill his old man , but for now he had someone better .
tr	O	I wanted to run my hands over his bare shoulders , but I couldn 't move .
tr	I	My heart raced a little at the thought of Kellan writing something just for me , and I wondered if the song was new .
tr	I	The way the moonlight glistened over the ocean water was magical , but it was dark out .
tr	O	Lights from inside cast his face in shadows , but I could see the beauty in his silhouette .
tr	I	Tristan freed himself and the ice began to melt .
tr	I	Luke 's mouth quickly replaced it and the material fell away .
tr	O	I have written you a formal set of orders , in case Mr. Granby and myself should be lost .
tr	O	I frowned , as I started to feel irritated at Tomas , and he 'd only just arrived .
tr	O	The divorce decree was sealed , and she got a protective order .
tr	O	I fell a little , distractedly , and my hands were both sliced open .
tr	O	Sakura nodded , and one by one the brothers told her what they wanted .
tr	O	The room shook and the building shuddered as I took a step forward .
tr	I	It was still hard to watch someone so young with a tube down their throat , but I already knew he 'd be intubated .
tr	O	My body knew better , however , and it only felt like minutes had passed when I later found Marcus waking me up .
tr	I	I didn 't have time to change , but not the outfit I would have chosen .
tr	I	The unknown scared him immensely , and there was something back there that Fitch had to know .
tr	O	A look of surprise now shot across Sarah 's face and she now looked at me directly , not saying a thing .
tr	O	The yellow teeth come forward in a silence more terrible than sound ... And the head is smashed sideways by the shovel in Echo 's hands .
tr	O	A sexless night was the least of my problems , and although neither of us spoke , I knew he slept as badly as I did .
tr	I	She knew Brant was only marrying her to mother his children and she didn 't consider herself physically appealing .
tr	O	Robert paused , collecting his thoughts , and Paul knew enough to stay silent .
tr	I	She collapses to the floor and her worst fears are realized .
tr	O	Preston thought about it a second , and his face brightened .
tr	I	Trevor narrowed his gaze and Nick couldn 't tear his gaze away from them .
tr	O	The people through the glass window gasp and I know I 'm in trouble because obviously they 've never seen this before .
tr	O	Jasmine grinned and they shook hands .
tr	I	It was ending so horribly , and all she 'd ever wanted from the family was acceptance .
tr	I	She smiled , liking the effect she had on him and his breath caught in his throat when her fingertips meant his skin .
tr	O	It should be fun and we can catch up .
tr	O	That is a lot of sugar to process , and Aaron 's brain always seems to turn sluggish on sugar .
tr	O	She knew he was speaking English , but nothing he said made any sense .
tr	O	I watched him do it and he wasn 't even straining .
tr	O	The Mayor advanced towards me and Bryce stepped in between us .
tr	I	Either way it would have been too late , but if he could have shouted for them to wait , he would have .
tr	O	Gregor murmured and Sonia looked to her vampire .
tr	I	I had no idea that he would go to those lengths , but I knew Owen had been angry .
tr	O	She eyed me doubtfully , but she relaxed when she realized she didn 't have to figure out how to comfort me .
tr	I	You feel so lonely it crushes you and I know how it feels when everything closes in .
tr	O	Joe called his prospective father-in-law , and they sat down with Sage .
tr	I	She had done nothing to him , but he would have said as much to Madison .
tr	I	She tried again , and her mouth twisted .
tr	I	The tears coursed unchecked through her fingers , and the eyes that she had thought were permanently dry seemed to flood .
tr	I	She bit it to hide the betraying movement , and her bottom lip quivered at his sudden vehemence .
tr	I	His fists were clenched , and his eyes were lined with anger .
tr	I	I can 't fall asleep , and every night is a struggle .
tr	O	He tried in vain to get the conversation back under control , but after a few more minutes , it proved to be an entirely hopeless endeavor .
tr	O	The men in black might 've been closing in on a priceless painting , and the rich lady is just a stupid art collector .
tr	O	Rita sat down at the breakfast table and Sam soon joined her .
tr	O	He knew it , but he never spoke .
tr	O	Emma assumed he was going to ask the guy in the van to give her a ride , but that turned out not to be the case .
tr	O	Realm immediately turns from the front , and I know a spectacle is about to begin .
tr	O	The lock released and the door opened .
tr	I	Mostly I was embarrassed at being teased , but I 'd worried about getting in trouble .
tr	O	He was just a man , and I needed to stop thinking of him as some kind of inhuman thing .
tr	I	I went for them , and Sunlight reflected off the daggers attached to his thighs .
tr	O	I emptied my mind , slipping into a trance , and when I walked faster the feeling grew slightly stronger .
tr	I	I finally picked a girl who had gone to college with Audrey and I was able to choose between no less than ten people .
tr	O	Something important was about to happen , and I had a feeling I didn 't want to be there when it did .
tr	I	She removed his shirt and he raised his hands .
tr	O	Airborne Radar in 1942 was in its early stages and there were many technical difficulties to sort out .
tr	I	I was starting to get restless , and three minutes had passed .
tr	O	Grant 's response was a raised eyebrow , but he didn 't say anything else .
tr	I	Her eyes were resolute , but her voice was quiet .
tr	O	The detective knows about you and he should be around tonight .
tr	O	The door kicked in and Wyatt followed by the others entered as well .
tr	I	Suddenly her head swam , and people gathered either side , closing in .
tr	O	She started to walk out of the woods , but his voice stopped her in her tracks .
tr	O	My mind is strong , but my body is not .
tr	I	He 's slumped back in his seat and his arms are folded over his chest .
tr	O	The sun traced its customary path across the heavens , yet it never seemed to set .
tr	O	I 'm not sure why I felt the need to tell him , but it had always been easy to pour my heart out to him .
tr	I	The wind fills my mouth when I open it to breathe , and the clouds are black with rain .
tr	I	Apparently he was too numb to think clearly , but he paused , waiting to be overwhelmed by objections .
tr	O	Her arms went around his neck , and he knew a vast sense of relief .
tr	O	The haze from sleep is slowly lifting , and the morning sun shines through the window .
tr	O	Harper walked toward the window and I sprinted toward her , grabbing her arm .
tr	O	The words hadn 't been meant as any kind of seduction , but they felt that way now .
tr	O	It was like it had happened before and I was remembering it as it occurred .
tr	I	Nothing can hold my attention , but I attempt to watch TV for a while since I never have the opportunity .
tr	O	Nicolas choked on his coffee , and his glasses nearly fell off his fine nose as he stared at the young woman at the door .
tr	O	This new challenge was different , and oh so much more intimidating .
tr	O	She heard men laughing at her , but this only fed her determination to prove them wrong .
tr	O	Well , they sent him back , and we have to supply a new pilot .
tr	O	It was actually true , but it still sounded lame .
tr	I	A few goods were exposed for sale and some shutters were open in the town .
tr	I	She smiled uneasily , and a hint of her partner 's cologne wafted under her nostrils .
tr	I	Alexandra 's warning stare stopped him , but Jonathan wanted to answer , to tell the old man to can it .
tr	I	I don 't care , but I might be begging .
tr	I	Ethan handed her a fresh one and Blood came through almost instantly .
tr	I	Though both wore mirrored sunglasses , I knew what was behind them , and there were two more soldiers in it .
tr	O	He wants out , and he , for the first time is ahead of me through the doors .
tr	O	He would know what he wanted , and he would accept nothing less than everything from the woman he was with .
tr	I	I thought I might be sick , and a wave of nausea watered my mouth .
tr	I	I didn 't feel in the mood for affection but his arms gave me an affectionate squeeze this time .
tr	O	The tape showed eight forty-five , and the street was still empty .
tr	O	They were both perfect and I loved being their mother .
tr	O	The diamond scaled Snake was thicker , more muscular and it moved by forward jerking thrusts of its thick jaw head .
tr	I	It hadn 't been this , but Maia wasn 't sure what she 'd thought being pack leader would be like .
tr	I	She 'd press her head against his and Jerry would slip his arm around her shoulder .
tr	I	Your technique is pathetic , but you now wield an excellent weapon .
tr	O	She made a mistake , and now it would be easier to put it in its place .
tr	I	The pain of that injury permeated every blood cell until it was what fueled my rage and Blood gushed from the wound in my side .
tr	I	His hair shuffling around his face and the cold winter wind whipped up behind him , sending his overcoat fluttering about his legs .
tr	O	Lunch was around ten minutes before over and I still hadn 't started eating yet .
tr	O	I tried to glance at the license plate on the SUV , but I couldn 't make out the numbers on the dark plate .
tr	O	He began tumbling out , but Star held his arm .
tr	O	Rolling to her side , she tried to stand , but the dizziness from the dream now plagued her body for real .
tr	O	The engine was loud and the ride was rough .
tr	I	I 've killed women , and I 've hurt women .
tr	O	We couldn 't even bury Olivia , but she had the coins with her .
tr	I	They left the stadium together and he beat Renee to the lounge .
tr	I	He had to do something , but he was not sure what he would find .
tr	O	I am capable of extreme violence , cruelty even , but I am not a vampire .
tr	I	I am in prison , and I am a lawyer .
tr	I	That alone sets off a red flag , and it 's as if they 're purposefully keeping a safe distance .
tr	O	Must have picked this spot on the river because the water sounds like bones sighing , and that soothes him .
tr	I	She looked up to see Sabin coming out on the porch , and his growl intensified .
tr	I	The mobile pointed at me , and I was still dwelling on this when the pillowcase was suddenly tugged off my head .
tr	O	He was trying to make amends , but I wasn 't about to let him .
tr	I	He didn 't know how else to approach what was fast becoming an unmanageable situation , but shit , this wasn 't going well .
tr	O	An icy intensity burned in his dark eyes , and his hard features hinted at the hell he must have seen over the years .
tr	O	Then she left her number , again , and disconnected .
tr	I	Afterwards he wouldn 't look at me , but it wasn 't like he didn 't care when I told him the story .
tr	O	I sent a photograph to him and he sent it back to me .
tr	O	My GPS said we were only a couple blocks from the party but all we could see were trees .
tr	O	The sun was still making his big display and she shielded her face to find the source of noise .
tr	I	I never forgot to cry out his but I could barely remember my name .
tr	O	She was back on top where she belonged , and she wasn 't about to let some stupid kid mess with her .
tr	O	The lights are on , but the room sits empty .
tr	O	The music started up , and the next dance begun .
tr	I	He held her on top of him , but once he was finished , she started to move to his side .
tr	I	The voice contained inside it rose in pitch , and the light kept rising off the stage floor .
tr	I	He is gone and it seems like only moments .
tr	O	Peter led Evie over to a group of people standing by the window , and Evie immediately recognised the younger woman as Serena Salter .
tr	I	She snorted in amusement -- clearly enjoying my suffering -- then went back to sobbing , and my eyelids drooped as I began to feel faint .
tr	I	The doors opened wide , and Lucian waved a hand .
tr	I	Time wasn 't on their side , but he wanted to soften the blow .
tr	O	Given their location in the mountains , the lack of signal was unsurprising , but Gansey stopped short .
tr	I	I 've known her for years , but she 's new to the team .
tr	I	I loved her , and she was mine .
tr	O	Both are art , but the ceilings are story while the floors are mathematic .
tr	O	He is an instrument of the undead , and nothing will stop him from his appointed task .
tr	I	He knew his place and he knew his work .
tr	I	He looked Dominic in the eye , and seconds later he was pulled up .
tr	O	We will miss each other , but this is part of experiencing life .
tr	O	I was rewarded often , and that made me stronger .
tr	I	She probably didn 't need to shoot another , and Vanessa had shot one person in a car .
tr	I	Wendell had probably not even broken a sweat and two of my friends had now paid for my incompetence .
tr	O	They can be dangerous if you do something stupid , but they don 't go out of their way to mess with humans .
tr	I	I run and a good-looking guy tries to get my attention ?
tr	I	I 'm looking straight ahead so you only see my profile and it 's the one where the butterfly was perched on my shoulder .
tr	I	Charlie interrupted before Edward could comment , but I knew what he was thinking .
tr	O	His face was thin , and he wore a goatee .
tr	O	The leg was draining freely , fresh blood now , but he could see that the poison had also drained .
tr	I	The music picks up and the lights from outside flash all around .
tr	O	He said they were almost there , and she prayed that someone would hear .
tr	O	She turned the page in the newspaper , picked up her coffee , sipped it again , and her eyes drifted briefly his way .
tr	I	I was the woman he wanted , but you were fun for a while .
tr	I	He preferred it that way ... and the people that knew him now would find it hard to imagine him as anything close to a soldier .
tr	I	I feel like doing a happy dance and she grins at me , relaxing a little .
tr	O	The sword had touched her blood , and her blood was on the sword .
tr	O	He wasn 't calling me and that only led me to believe he didn 't want to talk to me .
tr	O	He hadn 't done anything about it then , telling himself she deserved what she got , but he 'd wanted to .
tr	O	For a moment , I thought Dean would protest , but he didn 't .
tr	O	I thought about knocking on the window , but that might startle him .
tr	O	Images of the woman he 'd known in the past were hazy , but recollections of what he 'd felt at the time were fairly clear .
tr	O	She could almost taste it and her tongue instinctively darted out , licking her lips .
tr	O	My heart surged with pride at her ability to multitask so efficiently and I held up the stack of mail so she could see it .
tr	I	It wasn 't long before Sofia brought me dinner , and the day passed quickly .
tr	I	The patrons were beginning to head back to their carriages , and the fireworks display had finished thirty minutes earlier .
tr	O	The blue veins had stuck out as bright as an oceanic map the last we met , but under this lighting , she almost appeared normal .
tr	I	It did , and it could .
tr	O	Ahead , the doors parted , and a single figure stepped out .
tr	I	He was trying to conceal his accent by exaggerating a British twang , and his voice was slightly muffled because of the ski mask .
tr	O	It was small on Hannah , but she managed to fit it over her clothes .
tr	O	She didn 't come back to pick them up , and Ali stared at her neat , even handwriting .
tr	O	When he opened them , his pupils were dilated , and he smiled wickedly .
tr	O	She followed him into the lounge and they sat together on the couch .
tr	O	I know it does , but I 'm going .
tr	I	He tossed his weapon , but Barton hated doing it .
tr	O	The baggage was to arrive safely in the end , and the prize , the Tom , went with them .
tr	I	We could give it to her , but Alexandra would need special care .
tr	I	Still she thought she could act that way and he was half her age .
tr	I	I sat down facing her , and she eased herself onto the couch .
tr	I	She was always good at seeing to it and I guess the tension needed breaking .
tr	O	I 'd lost any conviction in my voice , and this time Zeal knew I was making excuses .
tr	O	Luis made a sudden , forceful movement with the razor , and Joaquin 's body lifted off the table .
tr	O	She didn 't want to think what this small accident would do to her insurance premiums , but she had no choice .
tr	I	With a yank , I pulled his pants down to his knees , and my hands groped around his belt buckle .
tr	O	The day was hot and my temper was hotter .
tr	I	They 've been stealing glances at one another in the lab over the past few weeks , but Timothy has never spoken to her .
tr	O	He didn 't know and it didn 't matter .
tr	O	She wasn 't likely to remember them when she woke again , but he would .
tr	O	* * Then I 'll take care of my business , and you take care of yours .
tr	I	She chuckled deeply and Ellis ' eyes sparkled .
tr	O	Some are repeats I have already performed with the nurses , but I accept the intrusion demurely .
tr	O	I told myself I wouldn 't have chased Tyler Vincent down like a dog after a rabbit , but the truth was I probably would have .
tr	I	It also made her feel vulnerable but it was much cooler like that .
tr	O	Remaining the perfect temperature and providing a decent lifestyle .
tr	I	He let her and she stepped back .
tr	O	A new party member signed up yesterday , and he looks like you .
tr	I	She couldn 't quite believe it , but she knew what Eve would say .
tr	O	I hated frowning , but I frowned now .
tr	I	A perverse technicality made genetic repairs useless , but they had sought to repair her failing heart .
tr	I	Something happening to either of the kids and he couldn 't risk them being overtaken .
tr	I	It means the Milky Way , the Galaxy that Earth is part of and thus you will read the term Galaxy as capitalized .
tr	O	His shirt was wrinkled , and his hair was tousled .
tr	I	Every muscle tightened and his teeth clenched .
tr	O	The bowl of soup before me went cold before I could eat all of it , and there are still crackers swimming in the broth .
tr	O	When Phipps was near retirement , England had applied pressure to get Cooper hired as school principal , and Cooper had been his man ever since .
tr	O	Buddy 's tender , loving care had deeply touched her , and she had freely opened the door to her heart .
tr	I	I was almost sure that the floorboards underneath were heated , and the flooring from the hall continued inside the room .
tr	O	The professor screamed and his whole body tensed .
tr	O	I forced information out of him and I felt like crap for it .
tr	I	All four of us looked at Tuck , and he beamed .
tr	I	They 're not here , and I see where all the opportunities are .
tr	O	She was by my desk but I couldn 't for the life of me figure out what she 'd been doing .
tr	O	I deferred while I took a breather , and my father got himself transferred here last year .
tr	I	He re-appeared a couple months later with my one-time friend holding his hand , and he made himself disappear .
tr	I	Her expression was eager , but the words were doubtful .
tr	I	We could not fight it in the jungle and the money was coming in to build the government army .
tr	O	Connor let out a laugh , and I shot him a look .
tr	I	Accepted among them and to be honored .
tr	I	They had a party in his stomach and dizziness joined Blake 's nausea .
tr	I	Realistically knowing it 's not his fault , but I wait , still wanting to be mad at him for not knowing my brother .
tr	I	I 'm a guest of your tribe , and that 's the way of the Dog People .
tr	I	Harcourt walked out holding a pair of skulls and the double doors banged open .
tr	I	Rusty is nowhere to be found , but I look around as we walk .
tr	O	The fog blew around the room and she inhaled the scent of sweet incense that made her head feel fuzzy .
tr	O	Walt had touched her , yes , but every part of her had shriveled .
tr	O	Many of them were beautifully illustrated works of art , and periodically , Julia found herself lost in the pictures .
tr	O	Your color has come back and you look lovely as always .
tr	O	Underlying his smile , his face was pale , and a coldness had settled in his eyes .
tr	O	All of us knew it , yet we didn 't give you the consideration to tell you what was happening .
tr	O	I kick some dirt in the general direction of the pooch but it only barks more .
tr	O	Jade asked , and Darren shrugged .
tr	I	Brad was inside the cab and Ali was under the hood .
tr	O	He 'd been drinking a little and his words were slurring .
tr	I	He needs to feel like an actor , but I 'm sure it 's his first .
tr	I	It showed and she knew he 'd started working out at a gym three mornings a week .
tr	O	Her wild eyes locked on his , and she pleaded with him .
tr	O	Julie didn 't take his hand , but she walked without protest at his side .
tr	O	I can 't tell him that I 'm having nightmares about Will , or I would have to explain why .
tr	O	Sidra was writing as fast as possible , but there were so many rules !
tr	I	Her eyes met Brett 's and she looked around , bewildered .
tr	I	He takes two more forward and I take another step back .
tr	I	My stomach aches for it and no , it smells good .
tr	I	The dolphin was ignoring it , but she was holding a fish out over the water .
tr	O	I 'm looking back over this note and it seems I have , in fact , complimented you specifically on your sweater today -- apparently numerous times .
tr	I	She 'd come here with the intention of giving it and Cheyenne had begged for her support .
tr	O	Then she melted into his arms , and neither of them spoke for some time .
tr	I	His own heart went into overdrive , but he couldn 't speak for her .
tr	I	I 'll wait for you and I really want you to come back .
tr	I	You wouldn 't think anything in particular of it , but your aches might be slightly less soothed .
tr	O	She was wet immediately , and she let her thighs split farther apart , spreading her nether lips wider .
tr	I	Voices could be heard and desk phones rang .
tr	I	Yet they couldn 't pin him down and they were so close .
tr	I	I 'll let this screwed up boy go and give me her .
tr	O	Travis is good , but he has trouble with the roll at the beginning of the bridge , so he should have placed second .
tr	I	He didn 't crumble to pieces as he hoped he would , but he felt the guy tense up .
tr	I	Her trembling hands were cold at the fingertips , and Pain soon followed .
tr	I	Besides , it belonged to Colin , who had provided the first orgasm of her life , and she 'd stroked this penis .
tr	I	Instead his cheek felt cold , but I was expecting a fever .
tr	O	My hands , which have been trembling by my sides , shoot up and I unleash a ball of energy .
tr	O	There were no windows , and the privacy was welcome .
tr	O	Sure , he loved getting a woman off , but she took it to a whole new level .
tr	O	We didn 't talk as I ate my dinner but a conversation started when I looked at the clock .
tr	O	Chris would either come to accept Devon , or he wouldn 't .
tr	I	The others started to get nervous , too , and there was another crack , closer this time .
tr	O	She tried to return the empty box , but he wouldn 't take it .
tr	O	She 'd delivered her first bl * w j * b , and it had been a success .
tr	I	My brain wasn 't working all that well , so my jaw tended to hang open a bit , but I shook his hand .
tr	O	It took some effort but I looked at him .
tr	I	Adrian closes his eyes and I bellow like the beast that I am .
tr	O	I can make more like this , but I do not think any will be quite as powerful .
tr	I	She didn 't like the hard , uncompromising look on his face and Lucas turned .
tr	I	She wondered if he 'd just awakened , and his voice was harsh , almost guttural .
tr	I	I closed my eyes , entering a black world of blissful sleep , and I began to relax , feeling warm , as my legs stretched .
tr	I	The pain wracked my body so badly that I couldn 't find the strength to stand , but I crawled away .
tr	O	He 's my dad , and he should not be making out with someone just a few years older than me .
tr	O	He looked at Aran and he gave him a slight nod .
tr	I	She will be my tree and they will be my ghouls .
tr	I	Apparently they liked it if they still lived there , but it wasn 't where she would want to live .
tr	O	Keep your eyes open , and time will confirm my version of things .
tr	I	The correspondence had continued by e-mail , and he 'd written her a letter after Dan 's death .
tr	O	Esme was happy , but there was always a sense , like a phantom pain , that she had lost some piece of herself .
tr	O	The air where Lief had been just a second before now shimmered with color , but in a moment the shimmering faded .
tr	I	I believe it was directed at Max , not my living space , but I could detect the slight edge of disapproval .
tr	I	At first it would not eat , and he fed it from his hand .
tr	I	It made him smile , and her directness was refreshing .
tr	O	I feel a little bad about abandoning him to their clutches , but at least he 'll get tea out of it .
tr	O	Josie looked as broken as I felt , and the worst part was not being able to comfort her .
tr	I	You don 't , but I belong here .
tr	I	He was havin ' none of it ; and well Shemp .
tr	O	I had always played well , but I knew that next year would be like nothing I had ever experienced .
tr	O	I cried so hard , and it felt so good .
tr	O	The orchestra moved on out onto the lawn and the dancing started again .
tr	O	Maybe by me being there , it will take some of the pressure off finding the kid and you guys .
tr	I	Knowing us , he would hide them in his office , but he always kept a stash of Oreos in the house .
tr	O	Matt spoke , and Ethan could see that the partners in crime were toe to toe just inches from their intended prey .
tr	O	She stared across the desk at him and his eyes narrowed slightly as he studied her .
tr	O	I stared back at the smoking building , and my whole body started to shake .
tr	I	They won 't drink it , but I 've heard of people who try to drug the horses ' water .
tr	O	You are a wonderful friend , and I feel like I 'm taking advantage of you .
tr	I	I knew it made him think even more kindly of Miss Cordelia , but Turtle probably would be the last one to say it out loud .
tr	O	I felt the bile rising up my throat and I wasn 't sure what was going on .
tr	O	The fires in the steam engines had gone out some hours before , but the trailers held the heat well .
tr	O	His fingers were now rubbing my lower back and I wondered if I was making a mistake .
tr	O	She knocked , but nobody answered .
tr	O	My fingers clenched , but I refrained from flattening him .
tr	I	You him and this stallion was lucky to find you .
tr	O	His imagination began to take over his more rational thoughts , and he envisioned all manner of unlikely things to have occurred .
tr	I	He comes back with two bottles of beer and I sit down .
tr	O	As she did this , she slid her hand along my forearm and a stinging prickle of heat followed each slight movement of her hand .
tr	O	There were empty seats but most rows were occupied .
tr	I	There was a knot of fear growing in his stomach , but he was trying everything he could to keep his composure steady .
tr	I	I did not mind but his hand was cold .
tr	I	When her hands met his bare shoulders her fingers dug into them , but Rena raised her hands to push him away .
tr	I	I wondered how easily he could tone the others out and he acted as if we were the only two here .
tr	I	They braved the Philadelphia traffic to find their hotel for the evening and Sharon escorted them to the parking lot .
tr	O	I hate arguing , but this is what our relationship 's been reduced to - a pissing contest .
tr	I	None were standing , and almost none of them were sitting up .
tr	O	His red hair is greased back and the familiar friendly glint has disappeared from his eyes .
tr	O	We needed money and I got it .
tr	I	Suddenly I noticed him , and Guido put on a baseball cap .
tr	I	With Greta 's age , they 'd never worried about it , and they 'd never expected to have children , never wanted to .
tr	I	I liked it and she was direct .
tr	O	She laughed , and they talked about other things .
tr	O	He was driving her mad - and she wanted more .
tr	O	In fact he sounded totally understanding , but I felt the disappointment a thousand miles away .
tr	O	Just add a stick through it , and I could have been a hobo .
tr	I	That had been when she trusted him , but he had been forceful before .
tr	O	We got to talking and they filled me in on what happened .
tr	O	His colors were unfamiliar to her , but then she had never been farther than McDonald land in her life .
tr	O	Silence stretches between us for a second , and I flick my eyes up to his .
tr	I	She looked almost rational , and the ferocity had slowly drained away from Tasha 's face during Garn 's speech .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to pray , but the words froze inside my throat .
tr	I	The suite door opened eventually , but she didn 't know how long she stood there , shaking , naked .
tr	I	Sliding wooden doors that were currently open to reveal a four-poster king-sized bed and it opened up to a full-size loft with its own smaller sitting area .
tr	O	She opened her mouth , but no sounds came out .
tr	I	We moved on his call and the center would make the snap count .
tr	O	His mind was reeling and he couldn 't take in all she was saying .
tr	I	I am , but I don 't want to be thinking this .
tr	I	I 'm not saying she 's not , and I 'm not saying she is his cousin .
tr	O	He knows he hurt you , but he 's afraid to face the consequences of that .
tr	I	This worried me and Kyle , the senior quarterback , was improving .
tr	I	She 'd proved it even more by rejecting me , and I 'd always known she was smart .
tr	I	I raised a hand , warding her off , but she rushed forward .
tr	O	She was a lot of things , after all , but hugger wasn 't one of them .
tr	I	The emotional tie she has to you is undeniably strong , that 's been proved once already , but she might not be aware of it .
tr	O	I gave him a one-armed hug and he wrapped his arms around me .
tr	O	She could feel her own eyes filling , but she held his gaze .
tr	I	His body looked tense and his features looked hard .
tr	O	The transmitter was booked and they booted me off .
tr	I	We plunged back into what Willow called the sphere and she pulled .
tr	I	The angle was all wrong , but he could try severing the limb that had him .
tr	I	I lean in to speak in his ear , where only he will hear me , and he glances at me in surprise .
tr	I	I looked down at it , seeing that it was Sophia and my cell phone buzzed before I could dial .
tr	I	He did what he knew , and he knew what was best for him .
tr	I	A buzzing filled my ears and they still hadn 't stopped kissing .
tr	O	Typical of a jeweler , it was a box within a box , but that was quickly resolved by her nimble fingers .
tr	O	His heart beat faster and he couldn 't contain the smile .
tr	O	Guy couldn 't see through the night sky , but thankfully he knew all too well where he was heading .
tr	I	She 'll be okay , but she 's been stunned .
tr	O	You run yourself ragged and I wanted to be able to help more .
tr	O	They may resemble them visually , but they didn 't move right .
tr	I	Involving him was the last thing she wanted , but Ethan 's face bloomed in her mind .
tr	I	He catches them and I toss him the keys .
tr	O	My body felt heavy and my head was spinning .
tr	I	His strength was on full power , and his gunshot wound was mending rapidly now .
tr	I	He didn 't want to know the answer , but Caesar almost asked .
tr	I	He curled his fists at his sides and Rico 's blood rushed to his head .
tr	O	She didn 't know why , but she had the feeling he 'd done that before when they were children .
tr	O	There was a port a half mile south and I watched as a colossal freighter made its lackluster final stretch .
tr	I	As everyone knew , one kobold was meaningless , and I would be Leader of exactly one kobold .
tr	I	After waiting for an entire minute , the contraption did nothing more , yet I watched with gripping anticipation .
tr	O	The only person I told about my mother 's release from prison was Beth , and I haven 't talked to Beth in over two months .
tr	I	Annulment might be possible under such circumstances , but the Church frowned on divorce .
tr	O	I 'm expecting an instant answer , but it doesn 't come .
tr	I	Then I dream about you when I sleep , and I think about you every damn moment that I 'm awake .
tr	I	Nellie asked who it was and there was a knock at the door .
tr	I	My stomach contracted in fear , and the mad gleam was back .
tr	O	Jack waited for them to be arrested , but of course they were let in anyway .
tr	I	Kate stared at the stack of folders on her desk , and their heels clicked down the hallway .
tr	I	I landed against the hard wall with a crack , and she threw me through the air .
tr	O	Ali 's wide blue eyes seemed to be staring straight at Spencer , and Spencer could almost hear Ali 's clear , chirpy little voice now .
tr	O	I called after her , but she didn 't stop .
tr	O	Couple that with his intense spiritual sensitivity and churches grew healthy under his pastoral care .
tr	O	Yes , Brian is loyal , very loyal , but he doesn 't understand .
tr	I	We 're totally free from each other and they managed to cut the handcuffs off .
tr	I	Something in his eyes did , but his smile didn 't falter .
tr	O	Dormer tried to sit up but she pushed him back down .
tr	I	His blond hair falls out of his eyes and he laughs wickedly , throwing his head back .
tr	I	Now it doesn 't seem strong enough , but I always thought saying ' making love ' was some kind of mushy cliché .
tr	I	Rebecca let it pass , but which beach would be nice .
tr	O	Even with the windows closed , she could smell the sea , and an uncharacteristic frisson of excitement darted through her .
tr	I	She didn 't even know where to begin , but there were so many things she needed to discuss with Mimi .
tr	I	They 'd scarcely shown any traces after just a few days , but he 'd taken some deep cuts from the barbed wire .
tr	I	I didn 't want to damage my grandson , and a baby 's mind is extremely malleable .
tr	I	He caught my hands in his , but I reached for him , trying to pull him in for a kiss .
tr	O	Ryan had loved the dress ... and he 'd loved stripping it off her even more .
tr	I	She watched as he stretched the condom over his length and he tore open the packet .
tr	I	In a moment we are walking out the main gates , turning our heads north , and I give a gentle tug on the reins .
tr	O	I come here for three months and we talk about all the women in your life .
tr	I	It was so beautiful it brought tears to my eyes and I went into the room you put together for Skyler .
tr	O	A smile slides up the side of his cheek , and he hops down from the couch with a thump .
tr	I	Really he just wanted to learn more about her investigation , but Fleet probably thought he wanted to get into her pants .
tr	I	Amy was super nice to let it go , and I had already bailed on the picture once .
tr	I	Black clouds were rolling towards them and outside the sky had turned grey .
tr	I	This holy water won 't work and you 're going to get sicker .
tr	O	They both knew better than to interrupt his thoughts , but then he halted in front of them .
tr	I	Our unit is tight-knit because it has to be , and we can 't live with other people .
tr	O	He urged Lisha onward , and he felt her soar through the trees , her mane blowing wildly around her muscular neck .
tr	I	This place no longer felt like home but she 'd only been gone three weeks .
tr	O	I had to hold the top up to cover my breasts , but Gillespie had copped his last peek .
tr	O	He tells Momma that she has the house and he has his work shed .
tr	I	Their behavior would be unpredictable , and the camp members would react poorly to the sudden appearance of a stranger .
tr	I	He nearly fell over and the agony was intense .
tr	O	The village is not in the tourist map and the village has only around 25 houses .
tr	O	Franco Constantine was pursuing her and she had no idea why .
tr	I	His employer likely knew all about my friendly loan to my ex , and Jensen worked for Tristan Stone , not Nina Edwards .
tr	O	Well , it is a big deal , and I 've been very lonely .
tr	I	It was a fake kind of smile , with nothing behind it , but Ada 's flat image smiled .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure where Frost was moving her to , but anywhere was better than where she 'd been .
tr	I	He needed to keep her interested , but his simpering was making his skin crawl .
tr	I	It didn 't , but that something so little could feel so powerful should have scared me .
tr	O	There were a couple of animators in the United States who could do it , but they would probably refuse on the same grounds I had .
tr	I	Her friend went on , and Maddie shoved her playfully .
tr	I	Dennis turned to head back towards the highway , and a familiar street loomed into view .
tr	O	My name is Robert , and I 'll be one of your tour guides today .
tr	I	It was with regret , but my stomach ached .
tr	O	At least Mason hadn 't been ordered to murder helpless villagers himself , but this whole journey was an insult to the very purpose of Wardens .
tr	I	The door handle moved and the bolt slid back .
tr	I	I knew it , and I looked angry .
tr	I	The door flew opened and she glared at me .
tr	I	He gives me a huge grin , and I smile at him .
tr	I	As a journalist , I would be paid to talk to people , and at least I 'd do a more ethical job of it than Jake .
tr	O	I took a step back without even thinking and he dropped his hand to his side quickly .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure , but the name sounded familiar .
tr	I	Neither of us said it out loud , but we were both thinking it .
tr	I	Hearing it from her made the pieces fall into place , but he 'd already told me it 'd been because of Persephone , of course .
tr	O	My parents couldn 't care less , but I know yours aren 't like that .
tr	I	He looks away , and his brown eyes meet mine .
tr	I	Nic waved me away , but I hesitated , prepared to deal .
tr	O	Alejo 's heart rate accelerated further and his back arched .
tr	I	He never mentioned a man 's place but he has our place all figured out ?
tr	O	I 'm tired too , and you carried that glove a long way .
tr	I	Dreaded calls like this one , but she loved working flight medicine .
tr	O	You 're physically here and you 're giving one hundred percent to your job .
tr	O	The trombonist was now in full flow and drinkers broke off their conversations to listen .
tr	I	That had given Julia the reassurance she needed to join him , and a quick look at his left hand revealed he was married .
tr	O	There was a new vintage attire store , but this was no threat to Gina .
tr	O	At first I didn 't see anything , but I could smell smoke .
tr	I	There is a guy sitting at the island and Asher is standing near the coffee pot .
tr	I	My cheeks were flushed and my heart fluttered madly .
tr	O	She looked in the mirror , as usual , but this time she saw something weird in it .
tr	O	My water was cooler , although still plenty warm , and a good chunk of the bubbles were gone .
tr	O	You 're all in danger , and so is your food supply , she sent to them all .
tr	I	She closed her eyes , embarrassed , and her gasp was audible .
tr	I	Then suddenly realised that I was ravenously hungry , and I gave solemn thanks for being part of all this wild beauty .
tr	O	Being labeled as food items was highly upsetting to her and she looked around paranoid .
tr	I	They watched him die , and he was still moaning .
tr	O	A string of boats were moored there and she stepped into one , careful not to rock it overly much .
tr	O	The water was so choppy and froth covered there was no way he would be able to spot anything on its surface .
tr	I	He 'd become her personal body warmer at night and he gave her a shoulder to lean on .
tr	I	The mayor 's muscle isn 't letting her near Scott , but our guys say she 's sharp .
tr	O	Wrestling convention required the loser to exit second , when the television cameras are off , but the audience is still present .
tr	O	He was angry with Alex and it was time to pay .
tr	O	As soon as I stepped inside the dorm , the sky ripped open , and another flash of blinding light cut across the dark sky .
tr	I	The papers slipped off onto the carpet and the mound was unsteady .
tr	I	I can 't reach them , but sometimes I feel as if the answers are right there .
tr	O	The rusty mess that formed the chain had obscured this from view but I 'm almost certain that it 's valuable .
tr	I	His features turn pained as he looks around and he rises .
tr	O	I lifted my right hand , but that wasn 't even necessary .
tr	O	The sky was no longer darkening and the blue was becoming brilliant again .
tr	O	Murderous thoughts fill my mind and I find I 'm starting to enjoy them .
tr	I	They decided to keep going on their way , and when the laughter went down , Julie stood up , which made Lea do the same .
tr	O	She touched her boot and the slight movement of her ankle made her grimace .
tr	O	They 're still trying to figure out who had a motive , but the guy wasn 't exactly popular .
tr	I	MaryAnn realized she was glad she 'd come , and Jasmine flashed her a small , conspiratorial smile .
tr	O	A horn blared and angry words rose from the other vehicle .
tr	O	The sound felt deafening to Barry , and he nearly legged it down the street to get away .
tr	I	There was a shock in store , but they had him .
tr	I	My trembling hands reach up between us , and he kisses my earlobe , running his lips down my neck .
tr	O	I usually don 't need it as I let the borders fade but at this moment , I feel a need to stick within the lines .
tr	O	I don 't have the evidence to apply for an arrest warrant yet , and I have to be careful about it .
tr	O	You 've made your choice and you will see it through .
tr	I	I wandered around a bit , chatting with some mountaineers and we reached the jump-off .
tr	O	His face went blank , and his eyes were empty .
tr	O	He gestures to the swing , and I sit .
tr	I	Starting firing and one cried .
tr	O	I know that my name Ken represents health in Japanese , and your name Meg represents fortune in Japanese .
tr	I	Rhys kept calm as ever , but my face fell .
tr	O	She was embarrassed to walk back out , but she told herself this was no time to be worried about how much skin she was showing .
tr	I	As soon as they went through the door , I 'd be right behind them , but I hadn 't lied .
tr	I	I could touch him and all I had to do was reach my hand out a handful of inches .
tr	O	I wasn 't ready to go home , but the idea of getting to press my very needy body against his for the next hour sounded wonderful .
tr	O	I don 't belong here , and everything 's already taken .
tr	I	He made it with the best of intentions , but he made a bad decision .
tr	I	Ula didn 't get in trouble , and hopefully she wasn 't waiting too long .
tr	I	They come alive and blow on them .
tr	O	I hate lying to her but for now I have no option , at least Kate is alive .
tr	I	There wasn 't anything he could do about that , but Ashe knew she wasn 't happy .
tr	O	It didn 't help , still no clue ; and she was still out of sight .
tr	O	He paused , and that cocky attitude turned sheepish .
tr	O	Bluebeard 's rage returned and he lumbered himself towards the look-out 's nest in a fury .
tr	O	My eyes turned blue again and my amulets glowed as the elevator moved upward .
tr	O	The man looked yummy in a suit , but what he did for designer denim was an engraved invitation to sin .
tr	O	The need to give in to the tears was there , but I forced it down , al the way down .
tr	I	It was accurate and this one had a time stamp on it .
tr	I	I was making an effort to keep from getting sloppy and I didn 't notice the alcohol on him in the least .
tr	I	Gwen knew that somewhere in that hard shell of a man was a huge heart , but oh , he tried hard not to .
tr	O	Logan 's pale eyes brightened and he moved toward Nika as if he were floating .
tr	O	He slowed his pace as he walked up to me , and I could see the displeasure in his stern face .
tr	I	Hunter threw it open and it unscrewed .
tr	O	There was no video footage and no alarms had been triggered .
tr	O	She held the egg up , and when it disappeared , the scents from far away came once more .
tr	I	It came out sounding dumb , but I tried to make a joke out of it .
tr	O	The Samsung logo appeared , and slowly , the screen came to life .
tr	O	Selena was very aware that her voice was raised above the limits of normal conversation , but she couldn 't seem to control it .
tr	O	He hated to place those explosives , but Jeff didn 't like to go underwater .
tr	I	On second thought , Jones thought six would be enough , but we had more bottles .
tr	I	Her jaw nearly drops to her knees and she takes in the sight of us .
tr	I	I couldn 't understand her , but Nurse Greene was speaking again .
tr	I	She barely heard it , because she was too busy trying not to swoon , but he murmured a greeting as he stood .
tr	I	She knew of her , but Sasha actually didn 't know Viv .
tr	O	You tried to save both of us , but you could only save me .
tr	I	The blonde moved our direction , and he raised a lazy hand .
tr	O	At least the deputy had been stopped , and their friends would receive a proper burial .
tr	I	I kept my mouth shut , but I thought that was a pity .
tr	O	He told me that I was smart enough to figure them out and they would lead to the solution of how to bring him home .
tr	I	Ashley took a seat , and the restraints were removed .
tr	I	I think Evan 's fallen in with bad company , but maybe it 's a hunch .
tr	I	I made sure to take note , but I never knew a woman whispering could be more intimidating than one screaming .
tr	I	She sincerely felt safe with him , but she was teasing him .
tr	O	Show him another and he forgot the first to go bounding after the new conquest .
tr	I	Too often it settled on anger and my emotions were displayed for all to see .
tr	O	The entire top of the girl 's head was long hair , but the sides were completely shaven .
tr	I	There was no doubt that he loved her , and love for her would carry him past it .
tr	I	My stomach was feeling queasy and I was still waking up .
tr	O	I 'm miles away from home , and you 're not fit to drive .
tr	I	She pretended it didn 't bother her , either , and it didn 't seem to bother Andrew , though .
tr	O	A flash of gray told him a maid from the second story was hurrying toward him , but he feared help wouldn 't arrive fast enough .
tr	I	She is wearing a very form fitting red dress that compliments the current setting rather well and her light brown hair is curled .
tr	I	Dennis felt confident that he could pull it off again , but it had been tough to sell her on the idea of visiting a psychiatrist .
tr	O	JC looked at the beer in her hands and suddenly the strange aftertaste didn 't seem so harmless .
tr	I	They could see just fine , but this new dimension was dark .
tr	I	He doesn 't come close enough , but I tense my fingers , about to grab the knife handle .
tr	O	Her back was to the kitchen , and she hadn 't heard the doorbell .
tr	O	It was too dark to see , but he knew by smell that it was a mountain lion trying to get into his cave !
tr	O	His eyelids are closed , but his smile glows .
tr	O	Callie knew she was a fairly good cook , but compared to the meals Dylan usually ate she feared something would be lacking .
tr	O	It 's my pack , and I 'm not willing to give out orders without doing it myself .
tr	I	They were back to normal and in a single moments time the anger harbored between friends evaporated .
tr	I	It was possible but it would be a long journey from the hard benches of Ueno Park .
tr	O	He had promised he would keep the president 's father safe , and a return to prison was better than being dead .
tr	O	He was every woman 's dream -- rich , good-looking and he was very nice .
tr	I	She doesn 't sound like one either , and Zoe doesn 't look like a liar .
tr	I	Wine Bottle from 1914 was estimated conservatively to be worth twenty-five million dollars and Pablo Picasso 's Still Life with Pipe .
tr	I	A gang of ceramic figures surrounded her , issuing blows at will , and she got knocked off her feet .
tr	I	He could see that her smile was sad , but she didn 't face him .
tr	I	My attacker scowled as he followed his partner out the door , but they left without a word .
tr	O	The answer to that question made all the difference to her , but I just didn 't understand why .
tr	I	Such that accessing them required a conscious effort , but they were stored neatly away , not erased .
tr	I	What looked like stun guns but in their hands weren 't normal pistols .
tr	O	His kiss tasted faintly of mustard , but I still thought it was wonderful .
tr	O	Her expression had smoothed and her eyes were blue again .
tr	I	I didn 't know how , but I wanted to comfort him .
tr	I	He 'd loved her was breaking me inside and knowing that Xavier had been in a relationship .
tr	O	I got all the way on top and he didn 't see me yet .
tr	O	The men quickly scrambled to grab one of the available women and Esmerelda quickly swooped down to claim her time with Jenny .
tr	I	Her other hand worked the base of his shaft , and she cupped his balls in her palm .
tr	O	The silence builds between us and I 'm the first to crack .
tr	O	She nodded , letting him know she approved , but she hoped he wouldn 't be disappointed when she didn 't bid on him .
tr	O	Ty struggled to sit up , but Liam was gone .
tr	O	There was no point wasting time with questions he already knew the answers to , and being assumed dead would buy him time to regroup .
tr	O	She clutched at Peter 's arm and the cook pulled away , laughing .
tr	O	Even worse , everyone in the room is infected with high spirits , and the guests ' jubilant manner makes me uneasy .
tr	O	His arms opened and she leapt into them .
tr	O	Belinda had disappeared again , and the model situation was smoothed over .
tr	O	The store was now well lit , and everybody could see each other clearly .
tr	O	His right leg hit the ground wrong and he twisted his ankle .
tr	I	They just slip through my fingers in the end , but I spend half my life trying to get a grip on things .
tr	O	That 's when I feel the hand on my face and my mind instantly clicks in .
tr	O	The desk had a large hole in it , and the top of the chair had been mangled .
tr	I	She would not let go , but Pain struck at random across her body .
tr	O	Only a brave few made a stand at the open gates , and within seconds the only barrier that could have prevented Viking success had fallen .
tr	O	Bex raised her eyebrows , and Liz lowered her voice .
tr	O	Then a friend had given him a drug called Ecstasy , and Peter had shared it with Lisa Burnette , a fellow church member in Frankfort .
tr	I	You wouldn 't have known and I could have died this week .
tr	O	I feel my head nodding , but I don 't feel in control of the movement .
tr	I	His body didn 't but his head moved away .
tr	O	The dorms are free , but the rooms are small .
tr	O	Her work had created so much pain , and yet still the path was not clear .
tr	I	My shields hold up , but Brat tries the arms in sets of three .
tr	O	Sonia 's body jolted and her head jerked back .
tr	I	He raised a hand for silence , but she started to warn him .
tr	O	I never had time to read anymore , but I needed a distraction .
tr	O	Her fingers were clutched in his jacket , and she didn 't fight him at all .
tr	I	I can tell he is having a very hard time with the next sentence , and he shakes his head .
tr	I	Cheating on her had tainted his soul with sin , and he 'd still been dating Maddie at the time .
tr	O	Miss Stewart has discovered that she 's pregnant with Oliver 's baby and she 's going to need a little financial help .
tr	I	I backed off , sensing he didn 't want to answer questions about his past any more than I did , and his jaw flexed .
tr	O	What I don 't know is why I need to do it , but I 've never needed to do anything more .
tr	O	No , I was not finished , and he was about to get more upset because I had questions that demanded answers .
tr	O	His eyes slid from mine and I felt the wall between us then , too late .
tr	O	My hands began to shake from their normally composed cool and I brought them to my mouth .
tr	I	Poseidon offers me a few fish for Cyrus , and the beach isn 't far from the grotto .
tr	I	Liza didn 't notice , but a tiny spasm passed through Mirabella 's body .
tr	I	The heart was drawn completely from its rotted cavern and the vampire roared as its teeth shattered into pieces .
tr	O	The ground shook again , and Zack was cut off .
tr	O	She 'd heard Wall Street referred to as a jungle but this wasn 't a jungle .
tr	O	It 's so tiresome , and it never gets better .
tr	I	He ignores my anger , but I keep glaring at him .
tr	I	I couldn 't live with that on my conscience , and if they breach the fence , it would put my friends on Innocents in danger .
tr	I	His two children coldly watched him die and he fell to the floor in agony .
tr	I	It 's a product of what 's below and the Chi of the soil represents the relationships of all above it .
tr	O	His head pressed through the hole and he snapped at me .
tr	I	Once again he was facing the world outside and he checked the exit near the front restroom .
tr	O	He moved away from her , and she was alone again .
tr	O	His storm door creaked open and he stepped onto his porch .
tr	I	His lips twitch with disapproval , and Jones looks down at our conjoined hands .
tr	I	They focused on one , if not all of us , and his eyes were now slits .
tr	O	He grew used to it but Andrew never really felt at ease with it .
tr	O	we hadn 't done it , but we 'd done other things .
tr	I	I didn 't , but all I wanted to do was snap at him to go take a long walk off a short cliff .
tr	O	He 'd seen she and the kid were okay .
tr	I	The cavern goes dark , and the last of the light disappears down the corridor .
tr	I	He wanted everyone to know he was a force to be reckoned with , and he was entering the business world .
tr	I	Diego drove me back to Paul 's house and I paid for my supplies .
tr	I	I turned to tell Sam this , and suddenly I remembered that we were getting low on bottled blood .
tr	I	I had no idea where she was and it was less than three weeks to her trial .
tr	I	From the look of things , I have , and I was hoping I had impressed myself on him .
tr	I	They shook hands , and John joined him .
tr	O	A troop of SGs passed across the street and he peered surreptitiously over his shoulder .
tr	O	There was a second when it was lost to view , and then it re-emerged like the sun from a cloud .
tr	O	We were a family , and no one , not Calliope , not Cronus , not even death itself , could take that from us .
tr	O	I might have wept at Gavin 's treatment , but I was out of tears at the moment .
tr	O	She has a job in the City Planner 's office , here , but I think she mostly coasted on Barrett 's income while they were together .
tr	O	He was so intense , so compelling , and she 'd sensed integrity in him .
tr	I	I gripped my launcher tighter and the voice came from Micah 's com .
tr	O	Kate didn 't know why I 'd left , and I never told her .
tr	O	Abraham didn 't reply , and the merchant muttered something before heading off .
tr	I	She hadn 't seen Jenna since the accident , and she felt sick after seeing Toby .
tr	I	He didn 't , yet he didn 't have to , he didn 't need to -- he could have chosen to rule her children alone .
tr	O	She had to drink from him , or the ritual would never work .
tr	I	It would hold together , but the raft was rickety .
tr	O	Even I would admit that it wasn 't the smartest plan , but taking Vaughn out as quickly as I could had its appeal .
tr	I	I deserved to know , and I 'd had enough .
tr	I	She had to admit she was more than a little curious about the man , and it seemed like it .
tr	I	We had some fun with combinations , and I was in my element now .
tr	O	I grabbed a lamp to give us better light and she struggled with trying to stay still .
tr	O	He thrust into me , and I gasped .
tr	O	Brad Banks had managed to destroy Trevor 's past , but if he lost Lissa again , Trevor would only have himself to blame for his future .
tr	I	No one listened , but she whimpered protests .
tr	O	Bore deep enough into rock and you get heat .
tr	I	That is what the prince is interested in , and I happen to know a little about magic .
tr	O	He had enough skeletons in his closet , and he didn 't particularly enjoy adding another .
tr	I	I 'm the only one of us who even gives a damn , and she 's dead .
tr	I	That meant he was still thinking of her , and he still had wanted her to help out .
tr	O	He spun around to face me and I immediately wrapped my arms around my body , self-conscious .
tr	O	No sooner than her voice clicks off , my door bursts open and Eden comes running in with two exasperated nurses hot on his tail .
tr	I	He allowing them to do so and people assuming they knew what happened .
tr	O	Cole returned a few minutes later , and she felt his presence before she saw him .
tr	I	Paris would bet the Titans were no different , but wily bastards , Cronus had said about the Greeks .
tr	O	The meeting was set up , but the three were told that they couldn 't dress like they appeared now .
tr	I	A stray bullet could still find them , but the two of them were in the shadows , safe from a direct hit .
tr	I	The wind rushed past , and the earth dropped away .
tr	O	Dust was already trying to drift up through the rain , but the rain was winning .
tr	O	Cody caught him with his one good arm and together they hit the ground .
tr	I	I let out a bitter chuckle and Melissa 's eyes bugged out of her skull .
tr	O	It looked like an inn floor , but it wasn 't .
tr	I	She thought she 'd purged him from her mind , but he 'd always tied her stomach in knots .
tr	O	You have to be strong and you have to be quick .
tr	O	The work was slow , but the transformation from raw material to a honed blade was fantastically rewarding .
tr	O	I never thought I would want a dog again , but I like having him here .
tr	I	The wind was knocked out of him , but David didn 't go down like the other man .
tr	I	The coin vanished in the process , and he put his glove back on .
tr	I	I don 't mean in that way , and except maybe Kimo .
tr	I	Whenever I try to share my fears , my lips seize up , but I want to .
tr	I	He willingly admitted his mistake , and four long weeks had softened the tough hide of his arrogance .
tr	I	I have someone in mind and I think we should hire a housekeeper full time .
tr	O	She looks tense all of a sudden , and I almost feel guilty for checking her out .
tr	O	At the time the Disney movie was my favorite , and I watched it all the time .
tr	O	She fit against him just right , but there were too damn many clothes in the way .
tr	I	He 'd felt the same way when she 'd touched him and no matter where he touched her , she was breathless for more .
tr	O	A harsh wind blew through the restaurant , and ice began to form next to Thaddeus .
tr	I	The bishop wasn 't through but Abe started to try again .
tr	O	He felt bad for not helping , but he knew he would do more harm than good .
tr	O	Suddenly home sounded like a good place to be and running away didn 't seem like such a smart idea .
tr	O	I lost one child already and he has a power that will make him more of a target than ever .
tr	O	Her small tongue poked against his , and his groin pounded even harder .
tr	O	I stood at the kitchen sink with a sharp paring knife , and when I cut the first tomato I thought of Hank on the bridge .
tr	I	I made my way into the fiery cozy living room and I was too tired to talk so I abandoned them at the hall .
tr	I	She didn 't want to seem too pushy , but Chloe wished she could inch forward just enough to have his knee caress hers .
tr	I	He was quite a bit stronger than a human should be , but he didn 't have the complete strength of a fully transformed werewolf .
tr	I	He made up for it by a confident demeanor , but he was green as far as officers were concerned .
tr	I	She hadn 't picked up , but eager to tell Cierra the news , Ken had tried to call the cabin .
tr	I	It didn , t matter , yet the realization escaped him suddenly .
tr	O	I couldn 't see any signs that Charlie ' lad eaten recently , and he would probably be hungry when he got back .
tr	O	I motion to Logan , and he precedes me out the door .
tr	I	He could swing his stiff leg along in a convincing disabled way , and he then used the walking stick in his other hand .
tr	O	I tried to mentally picture the parts of the palace I knew , but I couldn 't remember ever seeing a staircase .
tr	O	He 's on wife number four , and he only cares about himself .
tr	I	I fought the urge to grab his back , and he dropped my hand once we were out of Jessica 's sight .
tr	O	I don 't know if it 'll be edible , but it 's baking .
tr	I	That means nothing to me , but he named you his successor .
tr	O	I knew that I wouldn 't take his money , but perhaps there was something else he could do .
tr	O	The other option was an hour 's drive to Dallas and he preferred not making that trip whenever he needed to get somewhere .
tr	O	I decided to try the same effect , and it was my turn to send the other attacker flying .
tr	O	She was still so sore from the fall that using the crutches caused her some pain , but she was desperate to have some mobility .
tr	I	The elevator stopped , and which is why every time Suddenly the lights went off .
tr	I	Still Louisa wouldn 't look at him , but fellows helped her settle it .
tr	I	They had to remember that life with me was extremely unpredictable , but I know they haven 't had me around for a while .
tr	I	It revealed a good tear in her pants that was soaked around the edges with blood , and we both did .
tr	I	When McBride glanced down at the book , realised he was writing in shorthand , and Ben was still writing in his notebook .
tr	I	Then Morgan drags me away , and Lexi beams .
tr	I	One of those names was the one Pierce most wanted to hear , and they 'd mentioned names of several children , calling them empties .
tr	O	You can 't see them , but Lucian is hiding in the wind around you .
tr	O	I thought she sounded friendlier this time , but I knew that was just my imagination .
tr	I	His lips gleamed with moisture , and his head lifted .
tr	O	Gio 's jaw tightened and a red flush spread up his cheeks .
tr	O	The new world was beautiful , and we had a beautiful role in its continued growth .
tr	O	Knox 's amused expression caused a smile to tug against his mouth and he rested his head against the pillows , crossing his arms behind his head .
tr	O	I don 't blame you for what happened , and I 'm not trying to guilt trip you .
tr	O	She hated teaching , and everyone knew it .
tr	O	I felt exhilarated as we marched along the hills , but it quickly left as I saw our opponents gathered before us .
tr	I	Who would be leaving me presents , but it couldn 't possibly be a coincidence ?
tr	I	He couldn 't do it , but Liam tried to pay attention .
tr	O	Most teenagers weren 't as sad as I was , but I still let my mind wander to these thoughts ... wonder through the pain .
tr	I	When my eyes came into focus , I was very aware of the sizzling blue that ringed his irises , but I blinked to clear my vision .
tr	I	I might be wrong , so I decide not to ask him about it , but I don 't remember ever telling Anthony my mom 's name .
tr	O	You 're headed somewhere , and I 'm not .
tr	O	I don 't know why I did , but I did .
tr	O	It seemed quiet , but Basha felt as if someone was watching .
tr	O	He loved a challenge and it was just odd how he had just agreed so readily .
tr	I	We all knew that we in that instant changed the mind of nation and we were able to touch them in the deepest recesses of their mind .
tr	I	He could make out a few details , but it was blurred , as Sam said .
tr	I	His arm braced her against him , and William eased Savannah to her feet .
tr	O	Hanna 's mom pulled up to the curb , and Hanna waved good-bye as she climbed in .
tr	I	I loved loved him , but he wasn 't perfect .
tr	I	Most of her counterparts had at some point , but she 'd never allowed herself to take jobs with slavers .
tr	O	As he had these thoughts , she whipped her head around and her hair slid along her back .
tr	O	He yelled , backed away , waving his arm violently , but the fog stuck , seemed to pull at him .
tr	I	He had to work to keep his expression neutral , and her sapphire eyes met his in the mirror .
tr	I	You 're fun to be around and you 're a great guy .
tr	O	Anon 's blood hinted at its existence , but he wanted it in truth .
tr	I	If you are back in time , that partner might be you , and they need a partner .
tr	O	It will take a while to get them all loaded up , and we sure could use you two to help watch our backs .
tr	I	I eased through the opening as silently as I could manage , and I opened the door with a feeling of relief to be getting out .
tr	O	The vampire was naked from the waist up , and he wore no shoes .
tr	I	He had a more urgent appetite to satisfy before he could eat , but his stomach grumbled .
tr	I	She nestled grateful y against the warmth of his side , and it was getting a little cold sitting on the concrete .
tr	O	Stephanie was selfless , but Nora was selfish .
tr	O	Verlaine held his head , and Ms. Walsh his feet .
tr	I	She looks at me , but she doesn 't answer .
tr	O	I saw it so vividly it may have been a hallucination , but this is how I 'd always been able to visualize code .
tr	I	He was leaning over the sink , staring at the curtain and he had a toothbrush in hand .
tr	O	He had a call overseas to make before the picnic and he hoped against hope his ex-girlfriends were done with him .
tr	I	Now cheese was dull , but yesterday she 'd been full of plans for experimental cheeses .
tr	I	They poked around in my head and Solaris ' parting words were unsettling .
tr	I	I haven 't got a clue where to start , but I know human women generally put a lot of effort into the appearance of their hair .
tr	I	It was lonely , but my life wasn 't bad .
tr	I	She would choke to death , and the gag would forbid escape .
tr	O	Robert lifted his eyes to Colin and the other man 's were benign .
tr	I	He couldn 't get a reading through his heaviest shield , but the man looked very ill to Wyatt .
tr	O	Becky 's eyes opened , and she gave him a considering look .
tr	I	I couldn 't place it , but the voice sounded so familiar .
tr	O	Mira didn 't know why she had been imprisoned , and she didn 't care .
tr	I	He shifted his weight to kiss me fully and I opened my mouth .
tr	I	She was completely self-possessed , but Shao Jun sat quietly .
tr	I	It went straight to voice mail , but she tried Lucas 's phone again .
tr	I	Some photos of him posing with a soccer ball , and they took some photos of him with Coach Simpson .
tr	O	We had the best trackers in the City , but we had yet to catch it .
tr	I	This was a combination Emma found a little bizarre , but Cross-cultural restaurants weren 't so rare in small towns .
tr	I	She was able to see the funny side of it all , too , but he knew her sister-in-law 's reaction still upset her .
tr	I	The entire Kendrick line wiped out and Avalon wanted the Monarchy destroyed completely .
tr	O	I sit up , shocked , and nearly bump foreheads with him .
tr	I	She placed her hands to her face and he saw her shoulders fall .
tr	I	She scrambled to keep from falling and her feet slipped in the soap on the wall .
tr	I	I don 't care , but go on , tell me more .
tr	I	She would sit at the high table and she was the chieftain 's wife .
tr	I	Her poise was instantly crumpled by a well of tears , but her face was carefully made up to complement her clothes .
tr	O	Yes , Kell had always been alone , and he was determined to keep it that way .
tr	O	It was the last morning she would be waking up next to him and the thought broke her heart .
tr	O	I can 't talk about him , and I wish you hadn 't seen him .
tr	I	The light is so bright that it hurts , but I struggle to keep my eyes open .
tr	O	She heard Stacy yell and they found each other .
tr	O	Diego 's GPS signal had vanished , and Cassidy tried to stem her panic .
tr	O	A hundred voices began to speak at once , and a dozen knights leapt to their feet .
tr	I	He laughed and it rocked slightly under his weight .
tr	O	She had been when she 'd been shot , and her wound hadn 't been nearly as bad as his .
tr	O	His mischievous smile stayed the same and he kept right in his place .
tr	O	None of us knows how many days we have left , and happiness won 't wait .
tr	O	Hayley had a dark side and it was coming out .
tr	O	Her lips pressed together , but her eyes stayed on the road .
tr	O	He caught her wrist with his other hand and for a moment they stared at each other .
tr	O	Sure she had initiated nearly every contact they 'd had , but he accepted her , took what she offered , did not demand more .
tr	O	It was the old-fashioned kind of elevator with the sliding iron gates , and hearing the porter slam them behind her didn 't help her nerves .
tr	I	She 'd been too nervous to think clearly , but she 'd meant to lie about her age .
tr	O	He growled the last sentence , and it slithered all the way down to her toes .
tr	I	Maurice appeared laughing and the gate sprang open .
tr	O	I pulled my hand away from her cheek and the frigid air immediately blew away the warmth that was left behind on my palm .
tr	I	He had known she was not drunk , but true , he had tasted the alcohol on her breath during their first kiss .
tr	I	She ignored it , but that muscle twitched in his cheek again .
tr	O	It felt likes weeks before we arrived at his car and he dragged me toward the trunk .
tr	O	It was actually Georgie who wanted to be a vet but she didn 't want to sound like she was smarter than Nate .
tr	I	He led her to the house without further admonishment , but Hart clearly didn 't believe the last part .
tr	I	I was happy with the result and we finished the day 's shooting .
tr	O	Things were crawling over her hand and she wiped it on her shirt .
tr	I	With an obvious effort , he refused to be swayed , but Viper 's midnight eyes flared with an instinctive fury .
tr	O	He had to go with Andre , back to the airport , and the family would be together soon .
tr	I	I knew I was hopelessly lost and nothing was .
tr	O	I tried holding the tears back but they started flowing against my will .
tr	I	Her mind wandered and she 'd figured the woman was just old .
tr	I	A lot of things had been weird lately , but it wasn 't like Laurel to cut class without the other Lying Game girls .
tr	O	Another moment of silence passed , but he still couldn 't seem to get into her thoughts .
tr	O	Looking back at me was the same thing I saw with Lada , but it looked more like me .
tr	O	She nearly did three times , and then she decided against it .
tr	I	My cheeks flushed , and why did he look so suspicious , I thought .
tr	O	When I 'm finished , I ask her to stand up and she does it obediently .
tr	O	I expect James to come in , but the minutes tick by without him .
tr	I	I can 't find the right moment , but I want to ask him about it .
tr	O	She squints into the darkness , searching , and I instinctively shrink back .
tr	I	Work was progressing quickly , but the palisade was only about three-quarters done .
tr	O	I thought that maybe Aiden could be the one exception , but it sure as heck didn 't look that way .
tr	I	That may be my chief reason , but there are many reasons for getting a Ph.D. .
tr	O	I took a chair in the corner , and he sat at the end of the bed .
tr	I	They were a pleasure to work with and Quieter than the main floor , the students in the annex were focused on their studies instead of socializing .
tr	I	I love you now in anticipation of all that 's to come , and I love you now for what we 've already shared .
tr	I	We walked slowly to his car and he wrapped his arms around me .
tr	O	I knew I had superior strength but speed was another mystery .
tr	O	There was a pop , and I realized it was a gun .
tr	O	The scalpel trembled in her hand , and she gripped it tighter , trying to steady it .
tr	O	They only emphasized the emptiness of the place , and she put on some music to distract herself .
tr	I	I missed slavery , and I missed freedom .
tr	I	By then it was too late , but with a gasp , she put her back to him .
tr	O	Voices grew louder , a and I pushed up from the wall .
tr	O	I was panting and everyone was yelling .
tr	O	He nodded once more , and the girl ceased writing .
tr	I	It 's tangled up into a messy knot on top of her head , and her blond hair is damp .
tr	O	They had returned the moment Baal 's sword entered his body , and he was still reeling from them .
tr	O	I waved a finger , and the glass filled itself .
tr	I	Mirabella did then , but Liza had never known that rats could blush .
tr	I	The stone makes all the difference , but seems it stretched out a bit .
tr	O	I love you , but I 'm not coming back !
tr	O	He gives me a look and I stick my tongue out at him .
tr	I	I tense , and a woman walks down the aisle .
tr	O	Some of Cornelia 's steam was still being vented , and Tess had the scald marks to show for it .
tr	O	She didn 't have premonitions that way , and Lewis didn 't have them at all .
tr	I	Josie was energized but Faye was guarded .
tr	I	She didn 't care at this point , but the knot where she dinged it was still tender .
tr	O	Assistant golf pros depended upon club members like Mario to make a living and he couldn 't afford to lose the business .
tr	I	I knew he was running a hand through his hair , and Dad paused .
tr	O	Nestled in the Andes , Cuzco is situated at 11,500 feet , and we were told to move slowly as we exited the plane .
tr	I	People are always first for me , but I look at the bottom line .
tr	I	My mom would tickle my face until I fell asleep and when I was a kid , I used to get really bad ear infections .
tr	I	Sean pulls me tighter and I arch toward him .
tr	O	She realized she had crossed the line , but she did not care .
tr	O	His beast had been calmed by Holly 's touch , but the wolf was ready to come out again .
tr	I	It wasn 't her nature to be suspicious , but Diana 's mother looked doubtful for a moment .
tr	I	They may sustain life for long enough , but no , they won 't last forever .
tr	I	I would not ask her , and she would not have me on any terms .
tr	O	Our house may have been small but our yard was bigger .
tr	O	Ben 's conversion didn 't surprise me but I wondered about George 's newfound tolerance .
tr	I	He 'd never risk her safety and Nathaniel loved guarding Eloise more than any ward he 'd ever had .
tr	O	That 's what all the rest of us in town did , and we all got our answer !
tr	I	In the end had to slide his eyes sideways , but he did pretty well .
tr	O	He 's got a bit of Alzheimer 's and sometimes he gets lost in the war .
tr	O	Rick wanted to leave , but the Vicodin said no , take it easy for a while .
tr	I	I was going to make it my business to find out , but I didn 't know who .
tr	O	He ever so gently traced her underarm , and she choked back a giggle , flinching away .
tr	O	It believes what it sees , and right now it saw my father .
tr	I	His life didn 't lend itself to optimism , and he knew the people who wanted him dead .
tr	I	She held it away with a giggle and he reached for the carton .
tr	O	Shafts of light still spun off it , but she didn 't need it any more .
tr	O	Our weapons are plainly visible , but apparently that 's acceptable here .
tr	O	My throat was suddenly dry , but I managed a brief nod .
tr	I	Once they 've been through , the ambulances are permitted to follow , and the roads have cleared enough to allow the snow ploughs to pass .
tr	I	That man hurt a lot of people , and we have to watch out for ourselves .
tr	I	She started wondering now , but she 'd always considered this a safe place to park .
tr	I	They pulled and he pushed downward .
tr	O	Emma assured me that she had never loved anyone else and I convinced her of the same .
tr	I	I didn 't want to borrow trouble , but I had my doubts about the women making up this class .
tr	I	She didn 't have her ring - and she remembered daylight , full light on her .
tr	I	He continued and though I hated myself for wanting to know , my eyes asked how .
tr	I	Everything inside her went to liquid mush and she took in the predatory gleam in his eyes .
tr	O	Hearing her voice certainly awakens something in me , but it isn 't my hunger .
tr	O	I knew that , but it didn 't stop the surge of emotions that made sparks fall from my hand .
tr	O	The branch he clung to cracked , and Rif dangled helplessly .
tr	O	She stared at the water , trying to let it calm her , and the cool sheet of blue soon became a balm to her frustrations .
tr	I	He couldn 't speak , and he couldn 't move .
tr	O	She 'd packed for herself and Ty had thrown a bag of dog food into his car for Digger .
tr	O	I grow anxious and I need to get the hell out of here .
tr	O	The bitter tang in her apology stung , but she didn 't give him time to exploit her blunder .
tr	I	It felt so good ... but even if she hadn 't been , however , as an unmarried lady , she shouldn 't be allowing it .
tr	O	Victor took a long drag and they stood in silence , considering a future that seemed impossibly distant .
tr	I	His hands trembled with it and the wheel made it so the cart shook .
tr	O	It itched like mad , but the sensation was delicious .
tr	I	Instead he just smiles as he gets closer , but I wait for him to say something else to explain what he 's doing .
tr	O	The cottage door opened and the someone walked out .
tr	I	Fidget wasn 't protesting , and Nicole wasn 't asking .
tr	I	The inn was a loss , but everyone escaped , fortunately .
tr	I	He was not waiting with baited breath , but he wanted to see what was happening , yes .
tr	O	I 've never before seen someone turn blue , just heard the expression , but I 'm worried about you getting hypothermia .
tr	I	Instinctively I know it does , but I don 't know why that is , what it is about this girl that makes a difference .
tr	O	The whoosh of air from his wings hit her face , and she slammed her eyes shut .
tr	O	Something inside me comes alive and I finally find my voice .
tr	O	He tried to hug me , and then tried again after taking my bow .
tr	I	Neither did I , but he didn 't like it .
tr	O	This woman had bewitched him and he was in big trouble .
tr	I	It would soon be gone as well , and only one truck remained for the crew that was working on the guesthouse on the lower slope .
tr	O	I try not to stare but I can 't help it .
tr	I	Kenneth didn 't need to know that , but he hadn 't woken Trevor up , not physically , anyway .
tr	O	She couldn 't stop her tears , and his help only made it worse .
tr	O	Some of his men smiled with pleasure and he gave them angry warning looks .
tr	I	I don 't want to see them harmed , but the people aren 't happy about your presence .
tr	I	I gave in , feigning mock irritation and Georgia needed me to make her laugh .
tr	I	Nobody was visible behind the windows , but the lights were on in the British Embassy .
tr	O	Her brows are pinched as she watches me , and I buy myself some time with a smile .
tr	O	All the tension was instantly back and her spine stiffened as her mind absorbed his words .
tr	O	Sulley 's eyes widened and he nodded with sudden understanding .
tr	O	His lashes fluttered , but he remained perfectly still as he gained his bearings .
tr	O	I turned back around in my seat and Wyatt shook his head .
tr	I	She didn 't argue , but she still looked sulky .
tr	I	He couldn 't get past the stale smell of old vegetables on the woman 's breathe and he couldn 't understand what she said .
tr	I	Arabella had somehow cajoled Mom into helping her , and apparently the latest fashion among high schoolers involved elaborate braids .
tr	I	She was mine , and she was beautiful .
tr	O	The leaves of the trees looked silver in the sunlight , and they never stopped moving even when the breeze died away .
tr	O	She didn 't even know the words , but the tune seemed implanted in her head .
tr	O	Crewe is no longer stirring , and I 'm happy for that .
tr	O	A flash of lightning illuminates its face , and I drop my arms to my sides .
tr	I	It doesn 't change the fact that someone pretending to be you did , but I know you didn 't do any of that stuff .
tr	I	She didn 't want to go wild now , but going back to Warsaw made her feel bad .
tr	I	He 'd never used it with any woman before , and this was a position that most of his kind reserved only for the mating ritual .
tr	I	That was the way she felt , but she knew it wasn 't fair .
tr	O	He needed to be able to concentrate and she was making that impossible .
tr	I	They want to correct it , and they know it .
tr	I	I thought I might faint , and colours exploded in my head .
tr	O	Certainly he could fight his dismissal , but such a battle would be time-consuming .
tr	I	I had to get to work , but I had been looking for you .
tr	I	Naturally all glances passed immediately to his companion , but Mordecai was received with welcoming voices which had compassion in them .
tr	I	I withdrew , but it took some strength .
tr	O	Cold air snaked across my skin , and I shivered .
tr	O	We sat on my two-person sofa , and I stared at the green walls of my living room .
tr	I	She drew a slow , deep breath that sent a ripple of fire through Joshua and her pouty lips parted slightly .
tr	O	On the positive side it made him easier to find , but on the negative side it made him easier to find .
tr	I	They both headed off back down the hill and he stamped it down all around the stump , gathered the ' treasure ' .
tr	I	He waved them in and the door leading to Roy 's private office was ajar .
tr	I	She just shrugged , but I asked .
tr	O	There 'll be chaos and he 'll go there to regroup with his inner circle .
tr	O	I said brightly , and Eric seemed satisfied .
tr	O	The surface was rutted and wind eroded .
tr	I	He pushes her away without even seeming to realize who she is , but his mom tries to stop him .
tr	O	Syl asked and I shook my head negatively .
tr	I	It was all wrong , but at last she smiled .
tr	O	One woman had even said that he was eternally damned and his ghost would probably linger on the premises for generations .
tr	I	She sensed they had reached this place many times before , but she wanted to yell for them to stop .
tr	O	The sentence wasn 't a question but she answered with a nod .
tr	I	He wanted to make us fearful of him , and he knew we were there .
tr	I	Mary could handle it much better , but Anna could speak to those feelings .
tr	O	I bought Alissa a journal for her writing and in the front , I wrote a short story about the two of us .
tr	I	I know he is waiting until my eyes meet his and the tips of his fingers lift my chin .
tr	O	James gestured for her to lead the way , and the three of us followed .
tr	I	Though I felt we might lose traction at any second , I maintained control , and the snow was twice as deep as on the road .
tr	O	In another she stood upside down , and in yet another she walked sideways .
tr	I	I meant it with everything in me , and I said yes , of course .
tr	O	Her long lashes flew open , and she stared up at him more in accusation than astonishment .
tr	I	There was a part of her that did genuinely fear him , but she could attempt to use magic to get what she wanted .
tr	O	She held it back , and it came out a sob instead .
tr	O	There will be times I won 't need you for extended periods , and other times I 'll need you with me for several days straight .
tr	O	That 's my story and I 'm sticking to it .
tr	I	The moment ends , and the oven timer rings .
tr	O	The animals scan the area cautiously , but they don 't run .
tr	O	We begin to kiss and I taste the slight salty iron flavor of blood .
tr	O	I figured it was my cue to crawl off his lap , but his big , warm arms wound their way around my waist .
tr	I	Half a dozen of them looked away , and I said .
tr	O	His hands slipped up her arms , bringing her flush against him , and he deepened the kiss .
tr	O	I was allowed to rehearse after school in the huge auditorium and soon my play was the talk of the school .
tr	O	Hobbs said nothing else and I continued to eat in silence , trying not to think of where I 'd been .
tr	O	He would let him rest for a short time , but they would have need to travel again this evening .
tr	I	It was an important aspect of Christmas for Sophie , but her husband , Harry , claimed to hate fruitcake .
tr	I	She 'd been taken from her home and she had come a long way since that fateful day when her family had been slain so ruthlessly .
tr	O	she said , and then she blinked .
tr	I	I knew David was no good but I didn 't know them well .
tr	I	Several farmers detained , and a few merchants were captured .
tr	O	His eyes were made up of every shade of blue imaginable , and I could clearly see each color now .
tr	O	Their eyes shift to me , but they make no move .
tr	O	Julie was still there and she was home alone .
tr	O	He was blanched with fear and almost tripping over himself to get a new log on his stump .
tr	I	He didn 't care about that any more but his shirt was stained red at the back .
tr	O	The sky was clear and the trees were budding .
tr	I	I used all of my strength to push away from him , and my eyes bolted open .
tr	O	He 'd been drinking beer with friends , and Karou , unable to take her eyes off him , had drawn him .
tr	I	He approached the gates like a cat , ready to scale them if need be , and his curiosity was alight now .
tr	I	He got the full force of her blue eyes , and Eleanor had removed her pillbox hat with its veil .
tr	O	It was still dark and there were no stars .
tr	O	His voice was serene but his eyes had changed .
tr	O	He gave me a small smile and I sighed .
tr	I	It was still pouring with rain and they both got off the bus .
tr	I	Yours is a special situation , and there is no reason to .
tr	O	Nancy gasped , dropped the folk but Diana wasn 't surprised at all .
tr	I	I hazard a glance to see the small smile she hides behind a sip of her coffee and I feel her steady gaze on me .
tr	I	Ellison was back , snoring in his bedroom , sleeping off his night , leaving Deni relatively alone , and Maria had gone off to school .
tr	I	I told Cameron , and he told me to speed up again .
tr	I	I put my hand in it , and his hand was still outstretched toward me .
tr	I	Everyone went crazy and it was the first Homecoming game Jewel had won in six years .
tr	I	All was silence except for the singing of the birds in the trees and there was nobody around .
tr	O	She had never been searched before , but she was positive this wasn 't how it was supposed to go down .
tr	O	The red power button blinked on , and she aimed the lens at me .
tr	I	He nods , and I give Beast a pointed look .
tr	I	I have a meeting with some prospective clients , but that would be the best thing for me right now .
tr	I	She feared it was a possible sign of infection spreading to his central nervous system , but the cause of his brief seizure remained unknown .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure how to tell him the truth , but I didn 't want to lie .
tr	O	I 'm out of control , and it 's not like me .
tr	I	She barely had time to catch her breath before the intense urge to push again hit her and the contractions were right on top of each other .
tr	O	I 'm sixty-seven now and this is my calling .
tr	O	He wanted to jump out of his skin but he was afraid to move .
tr	O	He would be smashed by the speeding train , and every limb in his body would be sliced by its metal wheels .
tr	O	They were an unnatural color , and staring into them was the most abnormal experience of his life .
tr	I	He shook his head in denial of both her accusations , but Royce smiled .
tr	O	His gaze slid back to me and he grinned .
tr	O	She was bitten by a snake , an adder I believe , while out hunting several days ago and she suffers greatly for it .
tr	I	I flinched as she pushed at my eyelids , and I felt her cool fingers .
tr	O	He doubts her , and she admonishes him , explaining that what he sought to disclose to the world , she sought to hide .
tr	O	Jemma 's heart pounded and she closed her eyes as the plane settled on the ground .
tr	I	She couldn 't seem eager to go to the men 's room with him , but she was taking a chance arguing with him .
tr	I	She didn 't particularly care , and Cassie didn 't know what he was doing .
tr	O	A can of peas rolled against Case 's shoes and he kicked it away .
tr	O	I know you want to be like these people , Jeremy , but you already have something that money can 't buy .
tr	I	I take it , and she thrusts a cup at me .
tr	I	We could do nothing other than continue running , and thus the enemy continued to gain on us .
tr	O	Death picked up the corpse and slung it over his shoulder .
tr	I	There was something about her , a spark that made her ... unforgettable , but it wasn 't much .
tr	I	He hunted her down , but she went to Kansas City , a place where she could start over .
tr	I	It felt like his strength had left with it , and that presence was gone now , though .
tr	I	He made his move too late , but swearing , he jerked the steering wheel to the right .
tr	I	I logged back into the chat room under my assumed name and I grabbed my phone .
tr	I	I can 't tell who 's mad at who , but it 's like a big argument .
tr	I	She gasped and his hateful words sent a dagger through her heart .
tr	I	It 's been waiting eighteen years for you , and you 're ready for the world , Haven .
tr	I	We hear a rev of engines and our pursuers ' tyres screech .
tr	I	I curled into a ball and my blanket wrapped around me .
tr	I	Hannah couldn 't enjoy it , but it was another beautiful night .
tr	I	I reached for my glass of wine , stalling , and Savannah waited .
tr	I	You didn 't get caught , but you used to pull crap .
tr	O	He was kissing her deeply , passionately , urgently and she was clinging to him like she would never let go .
tr	I	It had crumbled away to only show the bare stone beneath , but there was a carving above it .
tr	I	She exhaled large clouds of the acrid smelling vapors and pulling on it slowly , drags of smoke entered her mouth .
tr	O	Actually , they were standing still , but we were still going really fast .
tr	I	I couldn 't say anything yet , but I allowed my tears to fall .
tr	O	He moved away from her , but still she could hear him plainly .
tr	I	Michael was not amused , but he threw his brother a playful look .
tr	O	She 'd been doing it obsessively , and my heart went out to her .
tr	I	She glanced at the door , her eyes wide like a deer caught in headlights , but Reed didn 't move his gaze from Eve .
tr	I	He was frowning again and I glanced over at Marcus .
tr	O	I will always love you , but I have to go now .
tr	I	It caused no pain , but the pressure of the rope around his neck was constant .
tr	O	I don 't know if the fact that she got out on her own even makes a difference , but it somehow eases my mind a little .
tr	I	Iona smiled down at Eric before she wriggled herself onto his cock , and they woke when the sun started to sink .
tr	I	They 're nothing compared to the thing behind me , but Big , fat bleeding F 's that mock me .
tr	I	He knew that I 'd never intentionally hurt anyone , and I knew that .
tr	I	Claire closes her mocking mouth immediately and Connor stops mid running man .
tr	I	He had to try to catch the guy , but Chad didn 't want to leave her alone .
tr	O	Then he snapped his fingers , and there came a thundering that had nothing to do with the weather .
tr	I	Then break time was over , and Sheba lingered in the dirty alley until the alluring scent of brimstone had faded away entirely .
tr	I	It didn 't come off very well , but I tried to smile at her .
tr	O	I opened my mouth , but only air came out .
tr	I	I decide against it , but I consider rolling down my window to talk to him .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure if this was a date , and she had no confirmation .
tr	O	No one gets it , and they need to .
tr	I	I honestly think I would have married her had my parents not passed away , and we really did have a pretty good relationship .
tr	I	That 's all that counts and I feel safe at last .
tr	O	The creature had smoky , translucent skin , and Vin could see its bones .
tr	O	I blink and the words bleed into a new article , one that cleverly hides all the author 's suspicions .
tr	I	I liked being pressed alongside his back , but I wouldn 't admit it to him .
tr	O	The warning registered , and he took a split second to assess the threat .
tr	O	It was a loose collection , and he wondered if Burrows was clutching at straws trying to find a connection .
tr	I	I 've been in love with him forever , and ok , the really tall one with brown hair is Aric Talbot .
tr	O	She was tough , that was for sure , but now she was just a girl , changing in the darkness .
tr	O	He won 't hurt her and it will only be a moment .
tr	O	The English Civil war was in progress and the Royalists were doing badly .
tr	O	It 's late , and you should rest .
tr	O	This leopard was the dark rich gold of Galen 's hair , and its eyes were the incredible green of his eyes .
tr	O	The slut is dead , and I raise the brat !
tr	O	He was wearing a dark wool coat , jeans , a light blue sweater , and his dark hair fell in perfect waves on his head .
tr	I	Its gaping maw closed on air and he moved back just in time .
tr	O	Kid sneaking out and being a kid .
tr	I	The shape suggested that of a man more than a woman and I say he because the figure seemed tall .
tr	I	His wide gray mustache drooped , making him look like a woeful bloodhound , and he could always be found at the saloon .
tr	I	My heart leaped into my throat and the King was moving quickly toward me .
tr	O	My smile faded after an hour , and by lunchtime , I was craving a pick-me-up .
tr	O	Alexius paled a little at the implication , but Collin 's reaction was the most revealing .
tr	O	The cousins exchanged looks of curiosity , and linking arms , they set off towards the foreground of the gleaming carriage , where Louisa Wentworth was standing .
tr	I	He let out a slow groan and she nuzzled the sensitive place behind his ear with her lips .
tr	O	I was close , so close , right there and it was going to be beyond anything I 'd ever experienced .
tr	I	Instead , he regarded me with amusement , but I hoped that Oliver would give his usual acerbic wit a break .
tr	O	He flicked his hand in my direction , and one of them sailed straight toward me .
tr	I	I wasn 't expecting a public announcement , but I shouldn 't be surprised that the leader of Candor is this forthright .
tr	I	He wasn 't a murderer , but he was a lot of things .
tr	O	I hadn 't been sleeping well lately , anyway , and it was approaching a solid twenty-four hours since the last time I 'd slept .
tr	I	When you told your story , I kept thinking about how Jeremy might have seen all this , but you came here hoping for sympathy .
tr	I	He started to take it away and I stiffened a little .
tr	I	This was going nowhere , and he was leaving soon .
tr	I	Gabriel felt lightheaded , and the pattern fueled .
tr	I	He 's snoring , and beast is lying on his back with his legs straight up in the air .
tr	I	She couldn 't get it out , but she started to say no several times .
tr	O	Sure those expressions were fun for a while but their overuse grew to a point of annoyance .
tr	O	A hand touched her arm now , and Sylvie turned .
tr	I	The Syndicate did not care and those left behind would die .
tr	I	Breeze wiped his brow again , and the gates continued to boom .
tr	I	Our scents were detected and we were heard .
tr	O	The inspector hoped his tone was solicitous , but the fellow 's demeanor grated , threatening his mask of politeness .
tr	I	Even they think that she overreacted , but my parents were angry .
tr	I	It kept coming back to her but she pushed the idea away .
tr	O	Her creamy cunt gripped him snugly , and there was no other place he 'd rather be than inside her .
tr	O	She tried to talk but she was tongue-tied .
tr	O	Feeling like an eternity later to Albert , the four solenoids engaged and the pusher shoved the door open .
tr	O	She stood up and her eyes glowed .
tr	I	Holiday led the way and only one table stood empty .
tr	I	It turned into a gravity-defying spin that landed her on her feet a few yards away , but she began to fall .
tr	O	Violent lust burned in both sets of eyes for a second , and then she turned away .
tr	O	She looked over at him , and he shook his head .
tr	O	In an instant Sulley 's body was flung back and the crushing grip on my throat slipped away as his fingers groped for me .
tr	I	Patsy was safe , but she was dead .
tr	O	It will be weeks before the swelling is all gone and the new features take shape .
tr	O	I had only known him for less than five minutes , but I never wanted him to leave .
tr	I	Industrial cleaning containers scattered across the floor , and there are three more bags over by the door .
tr	O	She tried to raise herself to her feet , but the pain was like an arrow searing its way through her brain .
tr	I	Her eyes brightened in surprise as it touched her and I could see it glow softly between our palms .
tr	I	Even morality experts cannot seem to supply , and what 's missing in the world is morality -- something science , religion .
tr	O	He hadn 't lived there in a while , and he hadn 't wanted to return , ever .
tr	O	I clutch him to me and he pulls away .
tr	O	Tomorrow is Friday , and I 'm off duty this weekend .
tr	O	It would be a few years yet before the physical evidence was apparent , but her interest demanded that the training begin now .
tr	O	I may repel him but he still terrified me .
tr	I	His hazel eyes sparkling , and his soft brown , curly hair was damp .
tr	O	She got up to go to him , and I got up to leave because neither of us were monsters .
tr	I	It didn 't come , but the next day I waited anxiously for a storm .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I wanted to turn away .
tr	I	Bicyclists peddled slowly up the steep incline of a path that bisected the road , and dogs ran loose .
tr	O	I slept better than I had in days , and when I woke up , I was smiling .
tr	O	This has been a long ordeal , and you need to rejuvenate properly .
tr	O	They looked up at the sky , and Thor spotted threatening clouds overhead .
tr	I	There was a knock at the door , but Parker looked at the clock again .
tr	I	There was something I could reach just fine , but I might not be able to kiss him .
tr	I	Then decided she would , and she hesitated , wondering if she should tell Chrissie .
tr	I	Her mind was still sluggish with a surfeit of pleasure , and Robert had just finished making love to her .
tr	I	He 's low on juice , but Ronan thinks he can help .
tr	I	Everything would be okay and to excuse himself from something he didn 't want to do , all he had to do was say ' sorry ' .
tr	O	The words stuck in my throat , and I had to force them out .
tr	O	She 'd shouted his name , for gods ' sake , and he hadn 't even made her climax .
tr	I	He had no choice , but leaving her would be next to impossible .
tr	O	It looked simple , but they were enjoying their time together .
tr	I	The mistress of the keep had punished Keeley for her husband 's sins , but Keeley had seen it in her eyes .
tr	I	He traced it tenderly at night before he fell asleep , and Trenton said it was the best he 'd ever done .
tr	I	They laughed and he gave them a thumbs up .
tr	O	There were two others standing there and they were immediately interested in what I had to say .
tr	O	Marjorie had bought some sausages and we had them with mash .
tr	I	I kind of appreciated her brevity , but usually she tried to separate those two requests .
tr	I	It oozed from those canvasses and her daughter had captured that light .
tr	O	This position was even worse , even more intimate , and I shifted again .
tr	I	Savannah moaned as pleasure shot through her , and he thrust into her .
tr	I	I could see little dust particles floating around my empty room and the sun was shining through the small crack in my curtains .
tr	O	She hadn 't lied when she told Jack she wasn 't calm , and with each step , her anxiety increased .
tr	I	Perrin had learned to be careful when dealing with equipment from Maiden , but it appeared to be in good repair .
tr	O	Her lids grew heavy , threatened to close , but she kept them up with sheer force of will .
tr	I	He wanted an answer , but he 'd already asked .
tr	I	He walked out , frowning and Cage 's bedroom door opened .
tr	I	Her teeth were as white as moonbeams , and her lips were deep red like blood .
tr	I	I guess I had to say something and Mr. Fenton was looking at me .
tr	I	I will not fail at this last task and ending her is an all-consuming thought .
tr	I	That 's history , but she was a girlfriend , a while back .
tr	I	They work hard -- damn hard , but these men play hard .
tr	I	This was beyond her , but Beth could handle a lot of things .
tr	I	When Krystal nudged her , she forced a thin smile , but right away I noticed the scowl on Kallie 's face .
tr	I	There , on a wooden perch , sat a bird and he climbed to the topmost tower in his castle .
tr	O	Green eyes narrowed in pained disbelief , and she shook her head .
tr	I	For a moment it felt like the world paused around them as everything slowed into infinity and freezing mid stride , her eyes locked with Will 's .
tr	I	Remembering how you got there isn 't exactly a peaceful thing to go through and waking up in a hospital room .
tr	O	Nic stepped forward and the ground shifted .
tr	I	Kristen knew that at any moment Devin was going to ask a question she dreaded and the silence was once again uncomfortable .
tr	I	He thought he saw that hand shake a little , and she raked her long hair back with one hand .
tr	O	It took him a while to locate Lauren , but finally he spotted her towards the back corner .
tr	O	When I land they will take everything , and my family will go to prison .
tr	O	The rock debris had not gone deep into my skin , but it left me with a face full of small scabs .
tr	I	He pushed on regardless , but Ryan gave her a wide-eyed shake of the head .
tr	O	I took as many back roads as I could but we lost precious minutes sitting perfectly still in traffic .
tr	I	Jimmy Dale bolted toward the outhouse , and a minute later there were voices .
tr	O	His hand settled lightly on the back of my neck , and he rested his cheek against mine .
tr	O	He pressed a button on one of them and a silver CD was spit out .
tr	O	I 've never thought of myself as very domestic , and if my cooking proves anything , I 'm not .
tr	I	He found it hard to swallow , and his hands were clammy , his cheeks heating .
tr	O	His jugular went in a jetting , jumping explosion and he was dragged away , head lolling .
tr	I	Bits of grit could be heard tinkling down to the bottom of the boiler , and there was the constant sound of scraping .
tr	O	Let his client and Jimmy Hull do their dirty work .
tr	I	By then it was maybe five in the morning , and it was dark in the woods , of course .
tr	I	They both chuckled , and Noel said something back .
tr	I	We drove back to Di Luca 's home and the constable loaded us back into the carriage .
tr	O	Your soul flickers in you , desperate to shine for the world But blinded by your darkness .
tr	O	He still initially resisted , but it didn 't last .
tr	O	I 'm fine , but this isn 't going to let up .
tr	I	Winkler was giving him time to help Adele with the store , but Jason still worked for Winkler .
tr	O	She is one of the finest persons I have ever met , and I know that Colin loves her .
tr	I	She drew back , and he snorted .
tr	O	He actually stumbled , and I caught him , helped him stand .
tr	O	It would have been bad enough had he forced her to yield to him , but he hadn 't .
tr	O	It was only an hour at the hospital , though , and he 'd stick it out .
tr	O	We all had out first experience , and we all got beaten .
tr	O	People were talking on the couches in one corner and others were standing next to the TV , cheering on the man playing Guitar Hero .
tr	I	That should give us plenty of time to slip your brother away to safety , and he 'll follow with his army .
tr	O	There was something about him that drew me in and I was having more trouble fighting the need to be around him .
tr	O	This is a whole field we 've never been in before , and it 's looking great .
tr	O	He heard her stir , but she didn 't respond .
tr	I	He opted to join the Navy after graduation , but a few scholarship offers had come his way .
tr	I	I didn 't miss the sheen of emotion before he glanced away , and his eyes shot over to me .
tr	I	The road going up it was even worse , and when I got to the mesa it seemed high as Masada .
tr	I	He fell to the floor , and his hand covered his mutilated face .
tr	I	My lips kept moving on their own , but I wanted to stop , spare myself the humiliation sure to ensue .
tr	I	He smiled over her shoulder at me as I looked on and she hugged him again .
tr	I	Stopped when he saw Jin , but he asked , looking around .
tr	I	There was nothing to fear , and I knew we 'd be okay .
tr	I	Now it seemed downright impossible given the embarrassment of the situation , but it had been disconcerting to meet the guy 's gaze before .
tr	O	She knew she cared about Cooper Donovan , but she wasn 't sure she loved him .
tr	O	She looked down at me and I pulled her even closer .
tr	I	She was trying to be strong , but I could tell Pris wanted to cry too .
tr	I	He felt so much responsibility , that he had nearly forgotten he needed to escape as well , and it was all happening so quickly .
tr	O	Antonia refused to answer , but her stomach growling gave him all the answer he needed .
tr	I	He couldn 't do anything about it , and he knew she was about to die .
tr	O	He holds his hands in a warm greeting , as if I should know him , and he bumps his chest gently against mine .
tr	I	If someone is looking for him they 'll see him plain as day , but his current state keeps him beyond perception in most instances .
tr	O	She knows he is right , but this is her older brother .
tr	O	For a moment the conversation hit a lull , and Julie reached for her wineglass .
tr	O	I didn 't want him getting hurt , either , but he wasn 't really asking .
tr	I	She 'd wanted to , but she might not have slept with Tony .
tr	I	It remained true for most of our lives , and this is true .
tr	I	He couldn 't , but he tried to open his eyes .
tr	O	We snuggle on the couch and I have to touch her .
tr	O	He keeps crying , but my eyes stay dry .
tr	I	She automatically tucked it under her arm , and her hands were shaking as he handed the tray back to her .
tr	I	It will be her memory that will bring us together in the future ... and it was her that brought us together for these types of occasions .
tr	O	She wanted to avoid this , avoid him but there weren 't any more available seats in the room .
tr	O	The Seeker will know that we 're not with that column by now , and it 's certain to be following our trail .
tr	I	His goons were just a few steps away and he was armed .
tr	I	This latest news really drove it home but she 'd already reached the conclusion she 'd been wrong about Christopher .
tr	O	I don 't say a word about finding Gavin with Elena and I don 't see her again all evening .
tr	O	Paul gestured for us to sit and I stumbled on the way to my seat .
tr	O	I don 't lose my cool often , but she really ruffled my feathers .
tr	O	I moaned in pain but she ignored it , rushing with her whispers now .
tr	O	That fact was confirmed when I reached out and my fingers gripped the iron railing .
tr	I	I was pretty sure it showed that he was very interested in me , and everything about him had me mesmerized .
tr	O	In the summer , children would be playing outside till late , but on this spring night , they all seemed to be inside .
tr	O	The world went dark , matching Andy 's horrible aura , and I dreamt of pain .
tr	O	Sam 's voice had been honey sweet since I 'd met him , but this time I heard a darker tone as he met my gaze .
tr	I	I don 't have the energy , but there 's talk of a party .
tr	O	She knows the location of Atlantis and she knows we exist .
tr	O	He blamed the wave on karma and we continued to have a good laugh .
tr	O	Zed did , but neither was thrilled with the idea .
tr	O	Starting over in life and seeking a story .
tr	O	The floodgates were open and even though I 'd regret this , I couldn 't stop .
tr	I	She deserves that much , but I don 't know the woman .
tr	I	I kept giggling , but Mark seemed like he wanted to add something .
tr	I	Now he had no report to present , and Joe B. became aware that an important assignment had somehow slipped his notice .
tr	I	It seemed he 'd brought a murderer into the house , and Stephen was her step-brother .
tr	I	Ula knew him , and I felt certain .
tr	O	The summer was giving away begrudgingly to the first signs of autumn and the heat of the day had completely dissipated .
tr	I	What did he expect , but her voice was cracking ?
tr	I	Her eyes narrowed , and I said nothing .
tr	I	Everything looked lit as if in an early evening glow and her realm vision had taken over .
tr	I	He missed her touch , and she withdrew her hand .
tr	I	She won 't call me out in front of a stranger , but Becky isn 't convinced .
tr	I	Scarborough put up a hefty pot stating that her horse would go the longest and it was a last man standing type of race .
tr	I	He 'll be on his way back to Chicago as soon as he can and we barely get along .
tr	O	Justin could see her youthful body and he thought to himself , Wow !
tr	I	They blow apart , and run them continuously .
tr	I	Before she could respond , he closed his mouth over hers and he brushed her hair off her face .
tr	O	Growing up with death had dulled his fear of it , and a part of him rather relished the idea of being a demon .
tr	O	I would prefer it but life didn 't seem so inclined to give me anything I preferred right now .
tr	O	I just went out this morning and now , whatever happened , happened .
tr	I	He stared back , and I let myself stare into his eyes for a moment .
tr	I	She was actually famished and it was lunch time .
tr	I	She knew who he was but Annie had never met Zack DiMarco .
tr	O	My gaze dropped and I shrugged .
tr	O	If she could have chosen any crew in the world , it would have been them , but she didn 't feel any peace .
tr	I	He always is proving something to himself , but I know you told him not to .
tr	O	He may have been a great cook , but his coffee was terrible .
tr	I	You divide them into two groups and that 's where you take a certain number of volunteers who have the disease the drug is supposed to treat .
tr	O	My bowls went watery , but I raised the gun .
tr	I	She heard but it was a tentative connection .
tr	O	It was disturbing to see no face on the monster , but it helped Thomas think of it as nothing more than a machine .
tr	I	He sure liked her mouth , and her lips were parted faintly .
tr	O	The remainder of our shows had been sold out and there was a waiting list .
tr	O	This whole encounter had probably lasted not more than five seconds , but it seemed like an eternity .
tr	I	In its place was the sadness that Golden had seen creep in before and the defiance had left the woman 's eyes .
tr	O	The Chief Detective was practically bursting with glee , and he essentially threatened Jeremy with arrest if he didn 't come willingly .
tr	O	He leaned to wipe it off and she recoiled , her chair scratching the floor .
tr	I	I had no way to reach him , and that left my father .
tr	I	You know Lily is brilliant , and we 've got good minds .
tr	O	The orb still glowed in her hand , but the fog had gone .
tr	O	I couldn 't make out their faces , but it wasn 't because of the dark .
tr	O	It took a full hour to get Pyotr to finally relax , but the day 's trek had worn the boy to a thread .
tr	I	She could see he was shivering from long exposure to the night air , but a blanket was wrapped around his shoulders .
tr	I	I thought she probably caught the oddity of it too and she raised an eyebrow as she twisted back around to face me .
tr	O	He was being serious , deadly serious and I nodded .
tr	I	Nicolas doubted if he could be bought , and Maxwell wasn 't the type of man to back down easily .
tr	O	She nibbled the line of his jaw as she gently cupped him in her hand , and yet his body didn 't stir in the least .
tr	O	Manfred had never linked his psychic ability to witchcraft , and he had no particular religious beliefs .
tr	O	There was no ambiguity in Nell 's thoughts today , and their vicious nature hadn 't left much to my imagination .
tr	I	I didn 't need any more encouragement , and footsteps sounded from one of the hallways .
tr	I	Maybe it decided for me or scared beyond belief , I decided to let it out .
tr	I	I would be the most powerful Immortal to walk away and I was the most powerful Immortal to ever enter this damned cave .
tr	I	I didn 't blame them one little bit , and I noticed that they checked out the front grille , too .
tr	I	He never touched me , but we watched movies , played his stupid games .
tr	I	It still wasn 't the best feeling , but I was guessing I wasn 't paralyzed because I was , you know , running .
tr	I	Dull misery throbbed inside her , and Kell would be leaving soon .
tr	I	Yet in the midst of it all , her life in ruins , had come this man , and she 'd barely existed for the last year .
tr	O	I 'd learned so much about Tristan already , but at every turn he seemed capable of surprising me .
tr	I	He wasn 't educated , but maybe he was cunning .
tr	I	I was up to serve first and Play began .
tr	I	I took some satisfaction in that , and Elodie squawked .
tr	O	The third arrow earned him nine points , and eight points came with the fourth .
tr	O	He saw his own reflection at first , and then the images returned .
tr	O	It seemed to be fighting her , and it took longer than it should to get it straightened back out .
tr	O	My mom backed off , and I withdrew my hand .
tr	I	He tried to keep up , but it wasn 't his speed .
tr	O	She looked over at me then , and her weak attempt at humor evaporated .
tr	I	The sound of footsteps as someone approached and there was a scraping of chairs .
tr	O	The Fiddler 's Green was the largest vessel in the marina , and it sat on the very end of the very last dock .
tr	I	I wonder if he gave up chasing me and I don 't see him anywhere .
tr	O	The group gave a nod , and Marcus silently returned to attention .
tr	I	Matthew tugged at her sailor 's shirt and she glared back .
tr	O	He was so tired now he could scarcely remain standing , but he had to make sure of this .
tr	I	The sound of flapping added to the scene and the wind caught their ends .
tr	I	Their other activities amused them more but it was an interesting experiment .
tr	I	I felt like a drowned rat , and hairs were plastered to my head .
tr	O	She wanted to let this weird Lilly Ann have it , but she gave in to keep the peace for right now .
tr	O	He 's a good-looking guy and you 're an intelligent woman .
tr	O	He has a large bruise on his jaw from where Tobias hit him , and his hair is freshly buzzed .
tr	O	I know Violet 's not very sexually experienced and it makes me wonder if she 's ever done this before .
tr	O	Your sister acted with her mind , with her reasoning , and that is what separates you -- her conscious decision .
tr	I	She answered him somewhat curtly , and one of the men challenged her .
tr	O	The colony needed certain recruits for their particular talents , and those recruits would not be enticed to come without their families .
tr	I	He couldn 't be everywhere , but the vampire guarding the gate might be good .
tr	I	There was a problem , but the site was perfect .
tr	O	Slayers are more skilled than hunters , but to be honest , they 're all rotten bastards .
tr	I	For an instant , everything seemed clear , and it fit .
tr	O	There is a part of me missing and no matter what I do , I 'm not sure I 'll ever fill it .
tr	I	Raoul leaped down the stairs , laughing with his buddies and as I thought this , the door opened .
tr	I	It had been just as dreadful in every way as if Laurence really had been dead , and he had thought Laurence was dead .
tr	I	As I heard the window shatter behind me , I knew my time had come , but that was something for the distant future .
tr	I	I had been given a butterfly comb from Nick 's mom before she left and I knew that I would keep my hair down during it .
tr	O	She had told the rental company she needed a car that could handle snow , and they had assured her this one could under most conditions .
tr	I	Her hair started burning , and her cloak caught fire .
tr	O	The worst part of her relationship with Reid had only happened after Hadley left , and it made her sad that six months could change so much .
tr	I	They promised Savannah that Mary would be safe , and they 'd called in two extra guards .
tr	I	Now they were even rarer still , but his smiles had always been rare .
tr	O	The resulting explosions shook the ground violently , but the impacts were surprisingly far off target .
tr	I	For some reason the bulkhead door to E was shut , but he turned to E Cylinder .
tr	O	I glared at him and he pressed on .
tr	I	Shana smiled , and that was a typically grandiose Jazmine remark .
tr	O	The bus slowed , and Claire saw a sign for the tunnel up ahead .
tr	O	The sun glitters in the sky , but James stays quiet , maybe thinking about his dad .
tr	O	Samuel fingered his knife , and if she didn 't know better , she would 've said her older brother was uncomfortable .
tr	I	I gave my additional unit to young Ben for his 10th birthday , but I used to have two .
tr	I	Feel his eyelashes brush her skin , and to put her cheek against his .
tr	I	Her arms grew heavier with each passing second and every movement was like slogging through mud .
tr	O	Air shimmered around his hands and she was propelled into the wall , the impact knocking the breath from her .
tr	O	Elliot pointed the recorder microphone toward the sound but it was hard to determine its exact location .
tr	I	She inwardly winced and it was stating the obvious .
tr	O	It was a close one but we 've managed to get everything back on track .
tr	O	His brows came together and he glanced toward his desk in the other room .
tr	I	Suddenly all the warnings came back to her , but she 'd thought they were in this together .
tr	O	She wraps her arms around my neck , and her lips hover an inch from mine .
tr	O	She pressed her cheek to mine and we didn 't say a word .
tr	I	They thought one lodged in his lungs and some blood clots had formed .
tr	O	The ruined garments from the desert still hung off his body in tatters , but he had washed most of the blood from his skin .
tr	O	I plunged into a roiling cumulus cloud and the world briefly disappeared .
tr	I	I managed a few ragged gulps of air , but my ribs felt like twigs someone snapped within me .
tr	I	It 's better than nothing , but they become lunch , too .
tr	O	I had to be solid or I 'd never make it .
tr	I	Breathing grew ragged as she put her right hand to her forehead , the palm facing up and her face crumbled tragically .
tr	I	He had disappeared as silently as he 'd appeared that morning , but she glanced over her shoulder for a look at the taciturn deputy .
tr	O	He wants me to tell the Clave , but I won 't .
tr	O	I was sure Stone would spread his men out a little , standard procedure , and I did the same as we flanked the bluff .
tr	O	It might feel totally alien to her , but she going to try .
tr	I	She doesn 't but it 's within her prerogative to do so .
tr	I	His eyes shot flames of fury in Jack 's direction and his jaw was pushed forward like an angry Jack Russell .
tr	I	I shuddered involuntarily and she flicked the bit of toenail away on to my floor .
tr	I	Men stood in attitudes of combat before the main gate , and Smoke wafted into the blue skies from the blazing ruins on the hilltop .
tr	I	That is why I have found my way here to you today , and I feel that you are one of these good souls Mark .
tr	I	We are traveling to the caves of Olympia and I 'm on the back of the wagon .
tr	O	I couldn 't see who was behind them in the dark , but I could hear them all , calling my name .
tr	O	It was the one he carried when he traveled , a thin , red , silky one , and I belted it around me .
tr	O	A smattering of freckles dotted her sweetly sloped nose , and dimples appeared with the curve of her half-smile .
tr	O	I snarled at the voice to shut up , or I was going to make a fool out of myself .
tr	I	They vanished after my mother 's death , but the truth was , I used to have friends .
tr	O	The buzzing vibration flowed out from the center of me and I pressed down harder , letting out an involuntary moan .
tr	I	Sometimes months would pass during which we didn 't see him , and our Master had withdrawn into his tower with the Orb .
tr	O	Our group lived in the jungle and our home was within the trees .
tr	O	Mark Slattery was shocked by the slur against his deceased predecessor and it worried him greatly as he returned to his office .
tr	O	He was further than ever from knowing what the problem was , but now he was about to take that leap off the edge .
tr	I	He sniffed the liquid inside before he poured himself a large glass , and his nose wrinkled .
tr	O	What is between my brother and me shall remain so always .
tr	O	It was still hot , but there was plenty of shade in the streets .
tr	I	He 's like a changed man , but I don 't know what 's happened to him .
tr	O	He moved toward her and she swam backwards .
tr	O	Chapter Eighteen Emma knew she 'd disappointed Oliver and she felt bad about that .
tr	I	That is the gist of it , but I wasn 't going to put it so bluntly .
tr	I	I found Hank sitting on the floor , leaning up against the side of the house , and Movement caught my eye .
tr	O	Nowadays , a woman moving in with a man was no big deal to most people , but her parents were old-fashioned in some respects .
tr	I	The color made her amber skin seem even lovelier than usual , and she held the sweater up over the dress she was wearing .
tr	O	I try not to flinch at his words but I can 't help it .
tr	O	He started to reach for the next thing he wanted to yank off , but Andrea touched his shoulder .
tr	O	I wasn 't ready to let go just yet , and I hugged him harder , squeezing him until my arms ached .
tr	I	Only a tiny gasp came out , but Jason opened his mouth to speak .
tr	O	The dagger fell from his hand as the chill cut straight to his heart and a moan of pain was wrenched from his throat .
tr	O	I walked toward the car , but Nick stayed put .
tr	I	She 'd donned sunglasses , so it was impossible to read her expression , but her eyes immediately connected with his .
tr	O	Samuel patted his wife 's hand , and for the first time that evening , he allowed a contented smile to touch his lips .
tr	I	They learned to love each other , and they 'd learned to live together .
tr	O	Jericho held a straight face but he was dying to laugh .
tr	I	You told me , and I asked you your name .
tr	I	She didn 't say nothin ' , but I called out .
tr	I	My dick was pressed right against her and I was still spooning Liza .
tr	I	He wouldn 't back out , and he had agreed to this .
tr	O	The sun was barely up , but there was plenty of light .
tr	O	The vamps were clearly in touch with their predatory instincts - and they acted on them .
tr	O	His pupils expanded and her heart shuddered .
tr	O	I needed to get some perspective or I might start gagging .
tr	I	She 'd come pretty close with her own formula , but she hadn 't been able to duplicate them perfectly .
tr	O	At the same time the verge around us gave way sharply , and once again Scratch was finding it difficult to keep her feet .
tr	I	In an instant , every eye was turned upon her , and the sharp sound reverberated around the room .
tr	I	His tone turns somber and his eyes shoot to the floor .
tr	O	There were cries , and among them , to his horror , he could distinguish the harsh voices of Orcs .
tr	I	His two friends swelled up behind him like angry bulls , and he tensed .
tr	O	As he draws closer to me , the smells stir my stomach and I run .
tr	I	I remember hearing their weapons coming off safe almost in synch and immediately the other five militants advanced .
tr	I	I don 't know why they let me go , and I don 't know why they kept me .
tr	O	The two slave girls still had enough on their bones to win his approval and they agreed without any struggle to stay behind .
tr	O	The writing appeared to be Mayan , but he did not recognize the symbols .
tr	I	Gem smiled at me , and she nodded .
tr	I	I was starting to want it to never end and I was definitely living a fairytale .
tr	O	He made a kind of wheezing sound , and at first I thought he was joking .
tr	I	I slumped to the ground , and my head hit one of the metal supports .
tr	O	You 're wrong , and they know it !
tr	I	It was better than dwelling on the ghastly reality that was approaching , but it was a ridiculous chain of thought to follow .
tr	O	Another one comes at me , and I roll across the floor .
tr	I	He would be quick to take a hint and maybe Dean would already be yesterday 's news .
tr	O	There is also stiletto black boots and lacy silver barrette with matching maroon rose in the center .
tr	I	His eyeballs suddenly shifted , but he remained facing forward .
tr	O	Wild sounds of terror escaped the torn hole of its throat , but Devon ignored it as he shoved the creature aside .
tr	O	She 's deigned to join us by the fire , but she 's still reading - with the help of a pocket flashlight .
tr	O	He 'd ignored the possibility before , but here , now , he couldn 't .
tr	I	He joined her , carefully preserving the space between them and Beth took a seat .
tr	I	I was the one who did something about it , but he talked to me about it .
tr	O	she asked seriously , but the light in her face let me know she was joking .
tr	I	It also meant a lot more work , but he loved helping out the new agents .
tr	O	Her touch sent chills over him , and when they came together , it was the most blissful moment in his entire life .
tr	O	I 've got to take care of some things , but I know what needs to be done .
tr	O	I kick at a rock and it skips into the brush .
tr	I	I smirked at him , and he didn 't answer .
tr	I	I would always have my art , but I had lost so much already .
tr	I	He was no longer able to hold her hands over her head but a strong hand held her down .
tr	I	I don 't sit down and I don 't back up .
tr	I	It occurred to me right then that I 'd been suppressing a lot of it this whole week , and I was suddenly angry at him .
tr	I	We will make him talk as well , but if any harm comes to her , your general will not only suffer .
tr	I	Marriage suited him , but she wouldn 't have guessed it .
tr	I	Tammie forgot her embarrassment and Devon kissed her again .
tr	O	Her knees buckled , but the two guys kept her on her feet .
tr	I	Then I see other things as well , but there is so much destruction everywhere I look .
tr	O	I was teasing him , but it sounded kinda hot .
tr	I	He weighed too much , but I struggled to get away from him .
tr	O	Tarsus looked at the kids playing on the bridges and his face turned sad .
tr	I	These were not dreams , but Crista was a dreamer .
tr	O	The time to open the restaurant had come and guests were arriving when the beef came out of the oven .
tr	O	Kellan was openly laughing at my discomfort now , and my irritation towards him specifically was growing .
tr	I	Strung the rope - ' They hurried through the trees and we scouted out a trail .
tr	I	Her fist hits my ear , knocking me off balance , and I duck at the last second .
tr	I	In the soft lights of the chandelier he was so handsome that my chest hurt , and he was standing at the bottom of the stairs .
tr	I	He tossed my horses reigns at me as I stood up , ready to fight and I took the knife .
tr	O	Denny 's suggestion was brilliant , and the night did fly by .
tr	I	He looked at Ava 's covered body , and Henry was quiet for a long moment .
tr	O	Jake 's eyes flashed and he shifted his shoulders inside his jacket .
tr	I	It wouldn 't last long , but if nothing else , the ambush would give the others pause , force them to move slowly .
tr	O	He had tried the intercom several times , but no-one answered .
tr	I	She was his , and he was hers .
tr	O	He was asking what Zeus could do and I mentioned it .
tr	O	The words were so difficult to pronounce but she struggled through them .
tr	I	I felt myself begin to slide back under , and someone was screaming , maybe me .
tr	O	His eyes seemed to sparkle in the dull sunlight and he had a kind , gentle demeanor about him .
tr	O	Angelica 's eyes were glazed and her swollen , crinkled lips parted .
tr	O	When we were back on the beach I watched as Matthias removed his shoes , and I did the same .
tr	I	She knew but she whispered .
tr	O	Finally , she had asked , but it still wasn 't enough .
tr	I	She tested her strength by sitting up , and some of her energy returned .
tr	O	A few minutes later Robert felt a large mug being placed in his hands and the strong smell of coffee enveloped him .
tr	I	He knew Lord Nemesis found it amusing , but to Lukas ' thinking , this would only make the trip more difficult .
tr	I	Yet they haven 't let jealousy come between them , and they know I love them both .
tr	I	She just had not had time to put it in , but she had a picture of her mom .
tr	O	Garrett laughed at her playfulness , and she tried not to read into the edge in his voice .
tr	O	She banged on the glass helplessly , tried to turn to run downstairs , but she was unable to move more than a couple of feet .
tr	I	We know we make each other happy , and we 've been together for years .
tr	I	I knew the moment you connected , and I could sense you reaching deep .
tr	O	I stomp on his foot and he doesn 't even move .
tr	I	Grace hadn 't made the slightest attempt to get away , but which was true .
tr	I	It is for the greater good , but it 's not good for you .
tr	I	He squeezed me tighter , and I didn 't answer .
tr	O	Our eyes met , and in their depths , I found the missing piece of my soul .
tr	O	I touched his mind and he is very confused .
tr	O	A few recommendations from people he considered trustworthy and Rock was asking for her by name .
tr	I	The harder she tried to resist it , the worse it was going to hurt and it responded to Bishop 's voice - only to his - .
tr	O	I tug and I tug .
tr	I	Her breathing more erratic and her cries grew louder .
tr	O	He knew the dogs had most likely been abandoned and they were running away just like him .
tr	I	I ain 't moving until I get the first shot and this was my discovery .
tr	I	She hadn 't moved at his approach , but No missing the frantic pounding of his footsteps .
tr	O	He got up early today and he may be tired .
tr	I	My ponytail is slipping loose from the elastic and Sweat beads down the back of my neck .
tr	O	When he clicked the other handcuff on , I tried to move my hands , but they were locked above my head .
tr	I	She 'd chosen the shirt carefully all the same , but it was just a sports event with her assistant .
tr	I	In others it looked as though nothing had ever happened , but in many places the wires had fallen .
tr	I	The look on his face made me laugh , but I didn 't mean for it to be that high .
tr	I	I didn 't need to see her face to know something was wrong , but Natalie kept her head down .
tr	O	She pointed to an entire wall in her living room and it was very apparent that it was Jules ' handiwork .
tr	O	A call had gone up at night , and Toby was responding .
tr	O	She watched him with narrow eyes , but she did relax a tiny bit .
tr	O	I watch as she attempts to crank her vehicle , but the car doesn 't start .
tr	I	One-half of the window , which opens like folding doors , is swung wide open upon its hinges , and the fastening is removed .
tr	I	He pulled from his spot before the girl even reached her car and his car started up with a rumble .
tr	O	I don 't know why but running in the wind totally put me in a foul mood .
tr	I	It felt as if her eyes burnt into my soul and Sin looked straight at me now .
tr	O	I 'd been waiting for this moment for what felt like forever , and I never wanted to let her go .
tr	I	She told everyone she was at a spa retreat instead , but Nadine was out of school for a month getting rehab .
tr	O	Mom is simply gone and in her place is the skeleton of who she used to be .
tr	O	She handed it to Jess and sure enough , something else was written there .
tr	O	It was far from Carlotta 's dresses , which took an entire jewelry shop to decorate , but it was acceptable .
tr	O	Grinder has never restored the weekly free hour and without the Mister 's intervention , I haven 't thrown my boomerang in a long while .
tr	I	A trickle of sweat coursed down her temple and the hair on Victoria 's nape rose .
tr	O	She was breathing hard , and a little shaken at how easily he 'd bested her .
tr	I	A third was Harkin 's law clerk , and a second woman was the court reporter .
tr	O	A minister from the town came out to preside over the ceremony , and everyone was solicitous of Rose for Charles 's sake .
tr	O	The afflicted exhaled and it was over .
tr	O	Michelle had more sense to sip hers , and she disguised her sour reaction without my help .
tr	I	He doesn 't lower himself to asking but Norcross watches us with a quizzical disdain .
tr	I	Sibyl tensed and this was met with complete silence .
tr	I	There is a difference , and I taught religious studies .
tr	O	The nuns had always run the ferry traffic on Summer Island , but it was still a shock to see that nothing had changed .
tr	O	Instead we would hang out on the porch after dinner and a lot of the times we wouldn 't talk .
tr	I	He offered no comment , but he didn 't miss the looks of question directed toward Sarah .
tr	O	They have unlimited potential , but they refuse to grow .
tr	I	Truman spoke to Benson in a hushed voice and their faces were somber .
tr	O	He will likely come to the end of his quest with obligations , and I can 't search for him before I clean up my mess .
tr	O	I stared him down , and if it wasn 't for the slightest flinch , I would have thought I was wrong .
tr	I	I began the game so it wasn 't his fault , but if I could read his mind , I might cringe .
tr	I	Then she heard it open again , but the door to the dining hal shut .
tr	I	I have not seen any of that type of magic from Renée , but the light that emanated from your magic wand was beautiful to behold .
tr	O	That stream is the place Elliott and I last saw him .
tr	I	Maybe it will be easier to find food with a man 's help , but I know there is no money to be earned .
tr	O	It could be the effect of the drugs she was on , but she was going to cry .
tr	O	We probably could have all fit in two vans , but some of us , like me , needed leg room .
tr	O	She was still twisting my ear , and I had to bend down because she was only half my height .
tr	O	His eyes flared red , and his lips curled back to show long , lethal fangs .
tr	I	He doesn 't press , but it 's the stupidest excuse I 've ever given .
tr	O	My shoulders slumped when I saw that the massive door had been blown outward but only a small hole had been punched into the floor .
tr	I	She was very sure of one thing , but she was out of her depth , as well .
tr	O	The wine was chilling in the refrigerator , and Celtic harp music was barely audible in the background .
tr	I	I move my hand to the side , but he reaches for it to test me .
tr	I	That caused the dream and maybe somehow he sensed Peck 's sick plan .
tr	I	I am lost in his embrace and his kisses go from tender to all consuming .
tr	O	He laughed at his own joke but I didn 't find it funny .
tr	I	She was learning more about him , and they were sharing experiences .
tr	O	The situation is so serious and he makes a bad joke .
tr	I	His eyes softened noticeably , and he recognized , I think , that he had spoken too harshly .
tr	I	He reached for me again , but the robber howled with pain .
tr	O	She walked over to the opened doorway to the balcony , close enough to speak , but leaving a fair distance between them .
tr	O	I should be fearful staring into his smiling face but fear is nowhere in sight .
tr	O	We headed out the door and she waved at several people .
tr	O	You take one look at me and you give me a passing grade .
tr	I	He was beginning to be alarmed again , but she acted as if she were normal , as if she were strong .
tr	O	She always thought souls went to the Realm of Light , but she didn 't like that place anymore .
tr	O	I saw him possessed before , and I saw him break free of it .
tr	I	We shuffled through the undergrowth and our footsteps made crunching sounds .
tr	I	I am suddenly the most beautiful thing on the planet and he sees me .
tr	O	I know you probably don 't return these feelings , but I couldn 't go another second without you knowing .
tr	O	The feeling of dread was back in my stomach and my thoughts were dark .
tr	I	Their video depositions would be crucial to the trial , which was expected in about a year , and Urgency was required because they were dying .
tr	O	It was still red , but now it was smeared .
tr	I	Then Tar laughed , and they glared at each other for a moment .
tr	I	Fortunately he emerged victorious on his own merit , but it would have come in handy when he battled the demon all those years ago .
tr	I	Then he shook his head , and Gear coughed out a laugh .
tr	I	He couldn 't , but he tried to picture all this .
tr	O	We spent the rest of breakfast eating , talking , and pretending things were normal .
tr	O	It was cold , but I was soaked with perspiration from all the excitement .
tr	O	That is only by technicality though because I know , Leo knows , and the rest of student body knows who was behind the attack .
tr	I	Her eyes fell on his feet , but she looked down to hide her burgeoning tears .
tr	O	I open my mouth to explain how we 're just fraternal twins , but Orson stops me with a look .
tr	O	You seem like you are quite emotional , and I am very interested in studying emotions .
tr	O	The Vampires were creepy , but they were not terrifying .
tr	I	Still the man had not blinked , and at no time was Nate out of his sight .
tr	O	I had access to a wealth of information and I did my best to absorb it .
tr	O	As we leave the table , the bot clears the dishes , and March takes Sasha off for their bedtime ritual .
tr	I	Amory , sensing my confusion , continued with his chronicle , but a million questions began to swirl around in my mind .
tr	O	He smiled , but there was no warmth behind the smile .
tr	O	She would try , but in all their years together , she had never done so .
tr	I	He put his arm around her waist and the meal paid for , they stood .
tr	I	The men posted outside her door forbid it , but Prue had tried to escape .
tr	O	I trust that you will know whom to send , and I look forward to meeting the newest member of our little pact .
tr	O	Her face is stoic , but her eyes are damp .
tr	O	David watched the transformation with wonder and he felt a surge of guilt .
tr	I	I directed her to the closest sofa to get her comfortable and we made it downstairs .
tr	O	I was stuck with her because she 'd deemed it to be so , and there didn 't seem to be much I could do about it .
tr	I	I could rest in the knowledge that I had done all I could for the time being , but it wasn 't ideal .
tr	I	Suddenly he felt drowsy , and Mac felt a needle poke into his thigh .
tr	I	My imagination is playing hell with me and I 'm tired , upset , stressed .
tr	O	He may have been Javier 's priority but he was also mine .
tr	I	I pulled another long drink and my own heart squeezed painfully .
tr	I	There it is , but one would think it ought to be otherwise , we being what we are .
tr	O	He began to move in earnest after that little speech , and he undid me yet again , bringing me to release at a trot .
tr	I	You 're dead to me and you 're fired .
tr	O	I loved the idea , and I told him so .
tr	O	His lips curled , and he nodded again .
tr	I	He couldn 't believe how smart some of the people in his classes were and the competition was incredible .
tr	I	He knew it was a lost cause , but he walked around for a few more minutes .
tr	O	The revolting smell made my stomach roll and the bitterness from my stomach began to rise to my tongue .
tr	O	No one else seemed to be wielding a blade , but the old man -- Allister , hadn 't that been the name ?
tr	O	We need to respect them , yes , but they were put here for us .
tr	O	Ricky threatened Veron to leave his presence as he abhorred the dictatorship , but later , he decided to undergo the project .
tr	O	Everyone tried to help each other and there were no enemies .
tr	O	There was a pitcher on the table but when he picked it up , he found it was empty .
tr	I	She still couldn 't look at him but she felt him come up behind her .
tr	O	The tide of the battle was turning , and they were overwhelming him through the sheer strength of their numbers .
tr	O	She had no more than the equivalent of a high school education , but she had an inexplicable skill with mathematics .
tr	I	You did a good job but I know this was hard .
tr	I	A stunt like nothing I 've seen , but it was a stunt .
tr	I	His heart stopped in his chest , and he broke off when she snarled .
tr	I	I was ignoring him and he was ignoring me .
tr	O	Sean 's promotion party was only a few days away , and I wouldn 't spoil it .
tr	O	She is the center of attention again , this time good attention , and she is loving it .
tr	I	I can appreciate that , and you 're in love .
tr	O	He looked to David for affirmation , and the priest nodded .
tr	I	Those times had left her wallowing in shame , but a few times , the act had felt pleasurable rather than painful .
tr	O	I pocketed the phone in my hoodie , and my fingers hit the earring I brought with me .
tr	I	Her golden brown eyes were shimmering with nerves and her cheeks were the sweetest shade of red .
tr	O	She might not have had Gabriel 's advantage of having already seen the garden but she had researched it thoroughly via the internet .
tr	O	There was no animosity in the statement , but the warrior 's point was clear enough .
tr	I	I still really don 't find out much and I flip to the pages on the part that focuses on me .
tr	O	The white , peeled bark of the birches looked buttery in the long , slanting afternoon light , and their leaves were a delicate gold .
tr	O	After a few minutes he heard Kate 's voice upstairs , and in another minute she was back down .
tr	I	She instinctively shrank back against her pillow , and it was so unlike him .
tr	I	If his gaze grew any hotter , I 'd burn beneath it , and his expression was nothing short of ferocious .
tr	I	The windmill spun free , dragging a broken rod which smashed heavily on the windmill 's casing with every revolution , and it shook .
tr	O	It wasn 't like him to allow anyone to push him around , and his resistance to that showed , even when he was in character .
tr	I	The last one had caught her by surprise , but she 'd asked herself some of those questions .
tr	I	She cocks a confused eyebrow at me and I reply .
tr	I	It immediately tumbled back into my face and I tucked my hair behind my ear .
tr	I	You 're still my sons , but you might be kings now .
tr	I	Then two empty seats we 'd saved , and Micah sat beside me , then Eddie .
tr	I	The alpha 's body went limp and one last final cry erupted .
tr	O	One can get us squared away with a marriage license and the other can marry us in a civil ceremony .
tr	I	Cash swept Charlie 's targets into a pile , careful to keep them in correct date order and Reacher nodded .
tr	I	One I never let pass me by without giving it my all , but it was a bittersweet moment .
tr	O	Her advice was sound and I could only listen .
tr	O	His mind was racing , and he actually felt dizzy .
tr	I	We needed to figure out how to chain Beelzebub and I needed to get the souls out of here .
tr	O	The tires were deflated , but she found the air pump hanging from a rafter .
tr	I	Pot Luck was booked solid and as soon as the temperature warmed , people clamored to organize outdoor events .
tr	O	He cranked the music so loud , who sang was so indistinguishable but it was definitely an eighties band .
tr	O	Hywel laid her on her back and Gwen pulled up her knees .
tr	O	Dale , the drummer , counted off and the band went into Meatloaf 's Paradise by the Dashboard Light .
tr	O	We 'd talked about loving each other 's bodies , but this was different .
tr	I	That was hardly a big surprise , but my left leg hurt very badly .
tr	O	I felt the hairs on the back on my neck raise and my whole body shivered as if a sharp wind rippled through me .
tr	O	He tried to turn it on , but nothing happened .
tr	I	You don 't understand , but okay , it is .
tr	O	Sherry said I 'm the only man who 's ever really loved her and it wasn 't fair of Neal to break us up .
tr	I	You always said no and I asked you a hundred times .
tr	O	She had to force herself to leave the safety of the house , and then she felt a gnawing paranoia about being out in the open .
tr	O	Alden looked ready to argue , but Major Jain backed Gray up .
tr	O	Everything there made perfect sense , but here , nothing seemed to .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but she didn 't even know how long she 'd been asleep .
tr	I	He didn 't sit , but he walked back over to the table with her , carrying his cup .
tr	I	He 's so close now that I don 't have too many options , but I try not to look at him .
tr	O	He kept his voice very low , barely audible , but he felt rather than saw Chloe flinch in response .
tr	I	I could smell the apple sours on her breath and she leaned in too close .
tr	O	Jimmy started to approach him , but Rudy intervened , shaking his head at him .
tr	O	She found the encounters pretty darn insulting since it meant these pedigreed felines didn 't consider her competition , and she 'd had enough .
tr	I	He loved himself far more , but maybe his father loved him .
tr	O	Her warm smile filled my heart and she held a hand to hers .
tr	O	All he had to do was see Luis walking down the street and he 'd smile no matter what kind of mood he was in .
tr	I	In a moment it was silent , and no one moved to answer it .
tr	O	Veronica stood on her toes , shocking the hell out of him , and she kissed him back .
tr	I	It was not the same , but he altered the end to what it should have been .
tr	I	The engine seemed okay , but most of the windows had been blown out .
tr	I	Evan leads the way and we nod .
tr	I	Ned snorted and Luke turned away in disgust .
tr	O	Somehow Mother managed to guide me to her bed , and together we sank down .
tr	O	I 've read the casualty lists in the papers every day , and his name has never appeared .
tr	I	The best part was nowhere to be found , being with loved ones , but Christmas was all around him .
tr	O	Noah kept trying to eat the candy , but I made him wait .
tr	O	Garrett turned at the sound of her voice and Christopher landed another solid jab on his jaw .
tr	O	Layla may have been ticked off at him in her dream , but the way she 'd externalized her emotions wasn 't with anger .
tr	I	She felt his face in her hair and his arm curled tighter around her belly .
tr	I	I am safely outside , and you are in that box .
tr	I	Now she had a good reason to go back , but she didn 't know how she would handle it .
tr	O	Time would tell on that , and right now time was wasting .
tr	O	All a mortal had to do was speak to him and he was turned away .
tr	O	Daniel shook his head , and Kenny 's head sagged .
tr	O	Spending more time with Robin isn 't my idea of a nice time , but despite her baseless accusations , she has me scared .
tr	O	I didn 't know anything about girl clothes , but whatever the hell it was , she looked amazing .
tr	I	She spun away , heading for the sunlit yard and he dropped his hold on her as Jude 's leapt to seize her again .
tr	I	It 's just kind of who I am , but I don 't mean to be so intimidating .
tr	I	Eve canted her body to see whom he referred to and the priest gestured behind her .
tr	O	I sit until the sun is over my shoulder and we don 't get much farther than that .
tr	O	He had more than enough to survive for a while , but the column at Scientific American definitely kept his profile higher than it might have been .
tr	I	On some level I think he understands me , and since then I 've come to understand him .
tr	I	His mouth worked magic between her thighs and Rory watched as his dark head lowered once more .
tr	O	When Annie glanced across at Zack his face was expressionless but she had a sneaking suspicion he 'd just been scowling .
tr	O	They heard the sound of rapid footfalls outside , like the sound of someone running , and the door was thrown open .
tr	O	Trenton didn 't respond , but he shifted in his chair , seeming very unsettled .
tr	O	I 'm fully covered , and a bit in profit over the whole affair .
tr	I	I kept my hand in hers , but she pulled away .
tr	O	Tristan also took a step closer , but I continued to ignore his presence .
tr	I	Her red cheeks became puffed and her head started to sway slowly from side to side .
tr	O	How she knew things was a mystery , but there was no doubt of her ability .
tr	O	I noticed his eyelids were drooped as if he was tired , but his breathing picked up .
tr	I	I 'd rather die than live the rest of my life as half a man and I am mangled beyond repair .
tr	O	Ryland had resolved to let her know just what he thought of her behavior , but the moment he saw her he changed his mind .
tr	I	He had no doubt that there 'd been a hint of familiarity in that quick look , but Thomas didn 't know if anyone else had noticed .
tr	I	Their icy stares were enough to kill and he set his dark eyes on Hunter 's green eyes .
tr	O	A deep warm voice greeted me , and I looked up to see him staring down at me with a cup of tea in his hand .
tr	O	I wasn 't shaking any more , and my heartbeat had slowed .
tr	O	Josie sat on the edge of the bed , and the moment caught up with me .
tr	O	Part of him wanted to put his arm around Delilah to comfort her , but he knew it would not help .
tr	I	Even though we are not bound by blood , we are bound nonetheless , and we are a new , blended family .
tr	I	She supposed she could understand where the others were coming from , but she hadn 't paid a whole lot of attention to Steele .
tr	O	They don 't speak , but sometimes you 'll hear wailing .
tr	O	Connor gave me an uncertain look , but he nodded .
tr	I	He did it slow enough that I didn 't miss it , but he nodded once .
tr	I	God knows what else and the patrol car blinking in my drive would be joined by about five of his brethren .
tr	O	When he just smiled at her , his meaning dawned on her and she felt the heat spreading throughout her body .
tr	I	My voice might have been a tiny bit shaky , but I managed not to stammer .
tr	I	I could feel her heart pounding beneath me and I felt my hand run up the back of her dress .
tr	O	I start grabbing my boomerang but when I see what 's in their hands , I change my mind .
tr	I	In the flare I could see their faces , and many of them carried torches .
tr	O	He made to go again , and she clung to him wretchedly .
tr	I	There 's a hook to attach the line to and there 's a cross stick to make sure the poles stay spread out .
tr	O	The long , hot shower woke her in a refreshingly pleasant way , and she scrubbed the rest of the wedding stink from her body .
tr	O	Her head turned , and she stopped .
tr	O	Lauren heard the hard edge come into her mother 's voice , and she winced .
tr	I	He 's no trouble at all and leave him alone with his pins .
tr	O	I didn 't know this , but she 's a total idiot .
tr	I	The car didn 't move , but the engine roared .
tr	I	They soon pushed forward again and the day rolled on .
tr	I	They didn 't come , but I waited for Macon 's comforting arms .
tr	O	His hand shook mine , but his eyes remained frozen .
tr	O	The stream wasn 't as rough as the river they 'd seen , but something about it spooked him .
tr	O	The arm pulled itself into the gap and she crawled faster , chafing her knees even through the blue jeans she wore .
tr	I	I tried to take it all in , and we walked through the French Quarter slowly .
tr	O	It drives you crazy Chase is happy with Ivy , but jealousy is an ugly color on you .
tr	I	I watch myself disappear inside her and my eyes lower to our connection .
tr	O	My hands fisted at my sides , but resolve slowly moved through me .
tr	O	He squinted hard at her , and his entire face scrunched up .
tr	I	The outcome of such should Meehan be correct and all who were listening were well aware of the implications of nuclear war .
tr	I	The truck was coming down , and now the engine was off .
tr	I	He has a small wooden house there and this is the paternal village of Acharya .
tr	O	He had on black shades , and he looked freaking hot .
tr	I	I can tell it 's forced , but he smiles .
tr	O	A partly hysterical laugh burst free and a small grin stretched his lips .
tr	I	Her eyes darted around the trees and her voice quivered when she spoke .
tr	I	The pay was not what I had hoped I would get , but it was at first .
tr	I	The rest of me did not smell so nice , but I almost didn 't want to lose that scent .
tr	O	I take a step toward them , and Realm puts his finger to his lips .
tr	O	She felt drawn by those eyes , and she knew instinctively that anything drawn into those eyes now would never come back .
tr	O	His scales were more than half gone and his skin was covered with huge scarlet boils .
tr	O	As the alien matured he would see this as a good thing , but for now it was another insult to add to his growing bitterness .
tr	I	Odin slammed the stock of his rifle into the man 's jaw , and thanks to the Doc the door was malfunctioning .
tr	O	A lot of people would , but I think I 'll just keep its location to myself .
tr	I	It nearly collapsed beneath him as he moved backward , and he put too much weight on his right leg .
tr	I	I had arrived in and chapter 19 Eight of us piled into a different limousine than the one Vlad .
tr	I	Stan 's nostrils started to twinge and Nigel lifted up his blanket slightly .
tr	I	He was from a different time , but sure it was a touch misogynistic .
tr	O	It dangled from her fingers , heavier than it looked , and all Austin could do was stare .
tr	I	She still required a second look , but Neil had seen pictures of Allison when researching the Foxes .
tr	I	My ribs feel crushed , and my teeth rattle .
tr	O	The other horses were all ready for her attention as well and she took Ginger out next .
tr	I	She laughs as I slam my foot on the gas pedal and I grin because I 'm not surprised by her answer .
tr	O	I giggled , taking a look in the mirror at my outfit similar to her and Gina 's .
tr	O	It 's one of our stories and I think it 's a good time to hear some of the old songs .
tr	I	We 're working on a lot of things to stay safe , but we 've got a very small group .
tr	I	She didn 't like the Representative , but that seemed like a good idea .
tr	I	We are proud to have them and they are wonderfully disgusting .
tr	O	Sally had no doubt her mother hated this resolution to the situation , but any control over it had been completely taken out of her hands .
tr	I	They became efficient , sharpened and I gave in to them .
tr	I	It repelled the water , but it felt like clothe .
tr	O	He saw it was sensible but his heart was heavy at the mother who couldn 't reach out in such a little way .
tr	I	It was smiling upon him and it was a solid presence in the dark .
tr	I	The sun was heading west , fast , and it was late afternoon .
tr	I	He held her close , and another shot rang out .
tr	I	She answered without missing a beat , but his question took Rena by surprise .
tr	I	Today she had little control to spare , and Matthew 's return had already left her raw .
tr	I	She wouldn 't leave , but we gave her directions to the farm .
tr	O	There were immense iron rivets all over the door , and the place had an imposing presence .
tr	I	Within seconds the whole thing glowed and Light sped up it .
tr	I	We were neighbors growing up and he 's my brother 's age .
tr	O	Yeah , it might 've been a little weird , but she didn 't care .
tr	O	We were living like a real couple would and everything felt so right about it .
tr	O	Adrianne offered , and Charlie did , waiting .
tr	I	I 'm not sure how to take them and she 's never said those words to me .
tr	I	Then his face relaxed , but Colt gritted his teeth .
tr	I	Her black eyes are unnerving in their lack of emotion and her dark hair makes the sharp features of her face even harder .
tr	O	He paused and I waited .
tr	I	It appeared she 'd received it , and I 'd texted Vee my new number before leaving .
tr	O	My eyes moved there and my torso shot straight .
tr	O	Sebastian had struggled to make that lie convincing , but his performance evoked a laugh .
tr	O	I asked as I took off my jacket and slung it over a chair .
tr	O	He put his face into her hair and she could have sworn he started snoring .
tr	I	Once he 'd stepped onto it , his life had been over , and the one carrot that had started him down the pathway to hell .
tr	I	Everything from shoes to video games to shards of glass rained down on us , and that end of the floor went vertical .
tr	O	Dollop nodded , and vaguely snarled .
tr	O	He had unknown sources of income , a criminal record and he was stealing from his employer .
tr	I	The LCD began blinking , and the beeping stopped .
tr	O	Fletcher grinned at me , and I smiled back .
tr	O	Yes , I kissed my boyfriend , and yes , it was minutes after kissing you !
tr	I	I couldn 't place it , but I 'd seen it on Longshot 's maps .
tr	O	He sensed the moment I withdrew and he frowned .
tr	I	It does the job but it 's not exactly refreshing .
tr	O	It made him and the airship connected .
tr	O	He was chucking to himself because his plan had worked and he had , at least temporarily , interrupted their activities .
tr	O	That bothered Alonso , and it put a frown on his face again .
tr	I	It was never supposed to be altered from the original form , and after all the Torah was the most sacred book .
tr	O	People were pointing out the window , and the conductors were shining flashlights into the darkness , searching for me .
tr	O	He didn 't know what had become of her , and he was loathe to see her harmed again .
tr	O	The rough hands kneaded her and he leaned forward to suckle a breast , biting the nub so that it stretched .
tr	I	He knew that would never do , but for the briefest of moments , Anthony considered asking his mother to do it instead .
tr	I	He doesn 't let go , but I try to pull my arm away from him .
tr	O	My breathing had grown heavy , and I willed it to slow down .
tr	O	They were familiar , but he couldn 't remember seeing anything quite like them .
tr	I	She was spared only because she was female , and her fellow art students were notorious practical jokers .
tr	I	Those full lips of hers kissed me like no other female ever had , and her gray-green eyes sparkled in the summer sun .
tr	I	We can 't run forever and Titan 's not going to give up .
tr	I	I struggled not to lick them and my lips suddenly felt very dry .
tr	I	It would be an unpleasant experience , but they wouldn 't be able to pin anything on him .
tr	I	It made the hair on the back of her neck rise , and it was a demon 's essence .
tr	I	I don 't get very far before Ivy starts talking , but I have my eyes on the entrance .
tr	I	The ones who can focus them can use them to do anything ... because they 're infinite , and they are pure rays of light .
tr	I	He had seemed very nice , but I had met him only once .
tr	I	I wanted to kick myself , and he raised a skeptical eyebrow .
tr	I	The two walked in relative silence , and the day wore on .
tr	I	I 'm basically moving his arm until it hurts and I have a new kid recovering from shoulder surgery .
tr	I	I stepped in it and she peed on the floor .
tr	O	I don 't know where he got her from , but Kelly is a fake trophy wife to get Jack past the terms of the will .
tr	I	She seemed to relax and Zoe 's shoulders eased .
tr	I	I pushed a hand against his stomach , aiming the gun directly for his chest and a human face floated across my vision .
tr	I	It would normally be an older boy attending to their needs and as far as he knew it was reserved for special guests .
tr	I	His face remained solemn , but his lips tugged upward .
tr	I	She dove down it at breakneck speed and finally one opened onto a dimly lit back staircase .
tr	I	Nobody felt it more keenly than Cory , and it had been a disaster .
tr	O	It was also a perfect sunblock and even kept the skin delightfully soft .
tr	O	He nodded at Genevieve and she nodded back .
tr	O	He fell long and he fell fast .
tr	O	Sally quoted him some estimated rates and he sounded interested .
tr	I	Maryellen didn 't want to take advantage of her mother 's generosity , and by now her daughter would be cranky .
tr	I	She thought the woman looked ... sad , but they were too far for Claire to get a really good look .
tr	I	It was the kind of scenario he knew he might have to face but the major was stunned by the news .
tr	I	Cranny they might have missed or they stood together in the center of the room , scanning for any nook .
tr	I	It tears at my heart to see her like this and she just escaped from being a prisoner a few days ago .
tr	I	He stepped into the polished metal box and after a moment the doors glided open .
tr	I	It would be many days before his return but he sent a servant to fetch them .
tr	O	Suddenly all the lightness slipped away and her mind returned to the dark .
tr	I	He 's never approved of our friendship , but he told me to go with Elliott .
tr	O	He scowled down at me and a muscle jumped in his cheek .
tr	I	The tension in the air seemed lost on her two companions but Emelia sensed it immediately .
tr	O	Elizabeth 's appearance had rattled him greatly and he 'd barely been able to stay focused on Sali 's conversation .
tr	I	He seemed to be ignoring the wall that hid the watchers , and they were beginning to find him more cheerful .
tr	O	Flight required less energy than walking , and he was feeling pretty weary .
tr	O	Time ticked on and Kara could not find a comfortable position .
tr	I	I realized it was my teeth , and a loud chattering noise filled my head .
tr	I	The icy mud squelched under his boots , and his breath billowed thickly in the air .
tr	I	He fell sideways onto Garen , knocking the lad half over and his sword slipped into the dust .
tr	O	They were good-looking in a human way , and they obviously didn 't realize that Andrea was a Shifter .
tr	I	Then he walked down the hall to where Eve was , and he backed reluctantly through the door , closing it quietly behind him .
tr	O	Jane says quickly and Jonathan grins sheepishly .
tr	O	The food was excellent and it disappeared quickly .
tr	I	She wanted to finish the job before she did but she intended to disclose the truth .
tr	I	The Winterville folk started packing up the food , hurrying toward the houses where they had hidden for days already , and the party mood was gone .
tr	I	I didn 't think figuring out how to manipulate it would be a problem , but I hadn 't prepared for a portal .
tr	I	They didn 't go to sleep either , but the three girls lay down after her .
tr	I	Daniel almost ran into him , lantern swinging , and he stopped .
tr	O	She was still herself , but now she was something else , too .
tr	O	If ever there 'd been a bad time , this was it , but for once his libido didn 't want to listen to his training .
tr	I	I wondered how Saga managed to keep the books from rotting in the damp air , and the musty scent of aged pages filled the space .
tr	O	The sheets were of silk , and he lay buried under a pile of the finest wool blankets .
tr	I	Bonnie could squeeze juicy tidbits out of a barrel cactus , and it made for good gossip regardless of the final outcome .
tr	I	He felt he had to report some progress and Lawrence Morton had a scheduled meeting with the P.M. soon .
tr	I	I can 't tell people what to do , and I can 't force them to get involved .
tr	O	His cell rang , and he glanced down .
tr	O	Spencer wanted to ask , but she couldn 't make her mouth work .
tr	O	We never go out , of course , but it 's very commodious in our coffins .
tr	O	His eyes haven 't left mine , and in them I see a torrent of indescribable emotion that threatens to melt all of my defenses .
tr	O	Finally the roof was cleansed and he was able to drop into the house .
tr	O	Dr. Danvers ' office door was open , but I knocked on it anyway .
tr	I	Your father was our only option , and we desire to speak with you .
tr	I	It was a very long thirty seconds , but the whole process took about thirty seconds .
tr	I	The nomad line broke into small groups while the horsemen thundered past , and the riders rode hard at them .
tr	O	They were scuba diving and there was an explosion on the boat .
tr	O	Ignoring the horrid smell was not an option and I wanted to know what was going on .
tr	O	The lines came in various widths , and some of them were brighter than others .
tr	O	Your mother is down in the flower garden , and your dad is in his study watching a ball game .
tr	O	God , you must have really suffered sitting through all of that , but at least you kept awake that 's the main thing .
tr	I	Sebastian stepped through and the door opened .
tr	I	A man stepped forward to fill the doorframe and the door creaked as it opened .
tr	O	When I call you , I want you to come immediately , and when I tell you to do something , I want you to do it .
tr	O	She had never considered this , but she could see the logic .
tr	O	Warmth radiated from him like heat from a blast furnace , or maybe it was just my own overheated imagination .
tr	I	There was no sign of his brother , and forty-five minutes passed .
tr	I	James shrugged , and Pandora asked .
tr	I	Then I 'll tell her , and she 'll tell me something .
tr	O	She grinned at the sound of her name joined with his , but she was still crying too hard to speak the words back .
tr	O	There was no way to know for sure , but surely it was a slim chance anyone would know enough to tell anyone anything about Mason .
tr	O	Buck had three full days to make a three day trip , but he would have to book a seat on the train today .
tr	I	She had to reside on site and it was a three year course .
tr	I	It is the truth , but now I wouldn 't go telling Ty that , cause he will get a big head about it .
tr	I	His smile always grim and his nose was sharp .
tr	O	The demon chased me , and as I turned to look over my shoulder , something whizzed by my cheek .
tr	I	It was strange to imagine being alone , truly alone , and for over thirty years the Order had been his family .
tr	O	I blamed the distance but a huge part of me worried that it was more than that .
tr	I	My heartbeat slowed , and my eyesight cleared .
tr	I	It 'll offer a bit of a challenge for more experienced knitters , too but the scarf shouldn 't be too difficult for a beginner .
tr	I	It had been awhile , but this wasn 't the first time he held her .
tr	I	She 'd been slowly earning back his trust ever since , and after he 'd met Clare , Logan had reconciled with his mother .
tr	O	Quit your job and then you can 't buy Mom a house .
tr	O	Lord Hastings stepped forward into the light of the raging fire , and Becky 's heart raced .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I tried to focus on what was happening .
tr	I	You will serve some sort of punishment , but we 'll stand before a judge again to argue .
tr	O	They were rehearsing act one of their production in there this afternoon , and I couldn 't wait to watch it with full lighting .
tr	O	There were different possible answers and his course of action would depend on which answer came .
tr	I	It seems wrong to talk at a normal level , but I feel ridiculous whispering .
tr	I	The dragon shuddered and she stroked her hand against him .
tr	O	He had turned aside to speak with someone , and that 's when I saw the light .
tr	I	They were supposed to , or nowadays the wolves followed the orders of the queen .
tr	O	It made his skin prickle , and he jerked his head around .
tr	I	A DJ started , igniting a movement of dancing energy towards the small stage , and the band stopped to take a break .
tr	I	His lips quirk at the edges and I feel my cheeks get hot .
tr	O	The version of Michael in the restaurant was indeed sweet , but he wasn 't the man she lived with every day .
tr	I	The hairs on my arm stood on end as I shivered , and my skin felt cold even though the sun was extremely hot outside .
tr	O	I open my mouth to say something witty back , but he holds up a finger , silencing me as he speaks into the phone .
tr	I	He pauses calming himself and his tone oozes disgust .
tr	O	She fastened her eyes on those milky white orbs , but she no longer recognized the man they belonged to .
tr	O	I missed hearing my name being called the first time and the teacher had to repeat it .
tr	I	If that sentry is paying particularly good attention , he still might spot me , but I 'm a shadow in a field of shadows .
tr	O	He might know his way around , but running to him didn 't make sense , especially after seeing him with Dianna - Snap !
tr	I	She threatened to sleep with my cousin and I hadn 't thought I 'd truly go through with it until I came home .
tr	I	It would only be made worse by waiting , but he had always known this would be difficult .
tr	O	Mrs. Cook seems to run out of supply faster than the others and she appears to be fine .
tr	O	He needed to figure this out , but the situation was unfamiliar to him .
tr	I	Most people were wrapped up warmly , and it was a chilly April day .
tr	I	The damage had been done , but they 'd managed to ward off the rats , so they were no longer being devoured .
tr	O	We ran to his car in giggles , and I jumped in , feeling high on life .
tr	O	My phone rang on my pocket and when I reached for it , I can 't get a grip on it .
tr	I	I trusted that smile because it was all I knew and he was always smiling .
tr	O	Even my new job couldn 't drag me out of this depression , and the new workplace was amazing .
tr	O	It allowed a loophole for spiteful collisions like Dan 's , but that only made the game more fun for the fans .
tr	O	We walked inside the hotel and one tear fell .
tr	I	He was driving me mad but I didn 't truly want to catch him directly .
tr	O	It 's hard to believe he could have missed the story of the murder , but it 's also entirely possible .
tr	I	That surprises me and he 's hesitant .
tr	I	I switched on the closet light to get a better look , and a plastic bag poked out from the rest of the clothes .
tr	I	You ate the other and my co-worker ate one of the cookies .
tr	O	There was only occasional subsidence where the facade had cracked and mud had flowed into the passages .
tr	O	I 'm not sure why , but it is .
tr	O	His smile was nothing like Aiden 's , but it was nice .
tr	O	His wife was wolf and the sounds of her drunken cheerfulness , embracing all that she was , were far from unwelcome .
tr	O	The only problem was that I 'd lost four years of my life and no matter what I did , I missed them .
tr	O	She held out a hand to him , and that was all the encouragement he needed .
tr	O	Each page was the same information , but different colors filed in different places .
tr	O	She considered for a moment , and then , with a casual shrug , tossed him one of the weapons .
tr	O	A word from Gram halted Phyllis above the nearest bulk , and everyone on the walls who could be spared from fighting could only stare .
tr	I	Cass wouldn 't be there , but only Cass might take her side , asking what she wanted .
tr	O	Pebbles on the pavement are cutting into the slipper socks , but I keep going , even though I have no idea where James is leading me .
tr	I	I keep his , and he keeps my secrets .
tr	O	Bria nodded , but her face remained grim .
tr	I	She worries about me , and she is dying .
tr	O	I scowled at him suspiciously , but before I could begin my interrogation , we were greeted by a waitress I recognized .
tr	I	They see Colleen 's room and they look down the hall .
tr	O	He might get me too , but that would be just fine .
tr	O	It wasn 't a real laugh , but that was okay , because I hadn 't really meant it to be funny .
tr	I	My eyes fell closed and the satisfaction in her voice made me throb in her hand .
tr	O	Jess turned her attention toward the house , and I took another deep , calming breath .
tr	O	She lurched off the bed as her orgasm took her , and he joined her .
tr	O	I shouldn 't have been surprised to see Murphy 's brother staring back at me , but I was .
tr	I	Humans seem the same but plants seem a little more vibrant .
tr	I	Her strawberry blonde curls flowed down the back of her little black dress , and her hair was loose .
tr	O	We go back and we save him .
tr	O	Man grew to fear trees , and eventually , when a group slowly passed them , the men did nothing .
tr	O	She swallowed nervously and her palms grew damp .
tr	I	All I keeping thinking about is that she ran , but I slam my palm against the plastic , losing my cool , something I rarely do .
tr	I	It wasn 't the case , but that time , Payton pulled back , making everyone believe that she lost the exchange .
tr	I	She wanted it to be true and he had said she was capable of shifting with his help .
tr	I	Rats that weren 't in a cage bothered her , but she didn 't mind most animals .
tr	I	His heart jumped a beat , and she inched around the chair , coming closer to him .
tr	O	It was barely noon and his day had already been made .
tr	I	His hold was incredibly strong , but his body trembled against hers .
tr	O	He 'll stop me , but that doesn 't matter .
tr	I	He 'd always been a good cop , but maybe he 'd been a shitty boyfriend .
tr	I	Renton 's questioning was interrupted by his phone ringing , and her mood had turned from confrontational to tearful .
tr	I	Even he can 't pull that one off , but Ashton 's a fantastic liar .
tr	I	Then it stopped , and it fired a full clip .
tr	O	The engines were turned up and the ship left the doors .
tr	I	It bounces as I hop back into the bed , and I land the truck .
tr	O	She pressed her fingers against my arm , and I turned to look at her quickly .
tr	I	By the same token , her successes were a reason to celebrate , and her struggles were their own .
tr	O	He wasn 't as stubborn as me , but he was pretty close .
tr	I	I got up this morning and he took off before Sara .
tr	O	There was no particular proof , but it was easy to guess that something is off with his own past , too .
tr	O	I guess that to be ground level but I can 't be certain anymore .
tr	I	I flinch involuntarily and a door slams .
tr	O	Not the way he wants me to , but I still care about what happens to him .
tr	O	Both his arms were now missing in addition to his legs , and his skin looked like meat someone had put through a grinder .
tr	I	There was a soft light in the sky , illuminating the trail in a majestic way but the sun hadn 't come up yet .
tr	I	His eye wanders , looking for entertainment , and Charlie has nobody left to laugh with .
tr	O	It was a casual remark but it stuck in my mind .
tr	O	Daniel tried to get Jeremy to take one of his notepads to draw pictures of any unusual animals they saw , but Jeremy refused .
tr	I	She took an instinctive step back , bumping into Hancock and she heard the door in front of her fly open .
tr	O	She took another step forward ; one more , and she 'd be close enough to touch him .
tr	I	I could not recall anything , but I thought for a while .
tr	I	She 's on my side , and I think she gets it .
tr	I	There was nothing majorly wrong , but he had a horrible case of fleas that we 've taken care of .
tr	O	The subject of the artwork was indiscernible , but then again , I wasn 't studying it too closely .
tr	O	I could hear Jakob shouting at them as everything went black , but I passed out before I could comprehend what he 'd said .
tr	O	I heard some screaming , and then everything got quiet .
tr	I	The human was a heavy sleeper , and perhaps I 'd gotten lucky .
tr	I	Right now I needed one more piece of information , but later , I could think about what it meant .
tr	O	He laughed , and the sound filled her with happiness .
tr	I	Aaron was staring at Kevin as he waited for a translation , and nicky was too busy gaping at Neil to say anything .
tr	O	The memories of the incident were bad enough , but I knew Jessa would ask .
tr	O	My attitude improved , and a prosthetic leg replaced the wheelchair .
tr	O	By now those of the Red had fully entered the battle , and although they outnumbered the enemy of the East it was a hard-fought battle .
tr	O	The gold was not immediately evident , and Wilton smartly had not written in his diary exactly where the gold was stashed .
tr	O	Usually it amused Cassidy how hung up humans were about clothes , but right now she was very aware of being bare in front of Diego .
tr	O	Maybe someday it won 't be this way , but for now it 's best he stays back .
tr	I	Ben had always needed somebody to guard his back , and cops were hunted in there .
tr	O	Before I can say anything else , he pushes his finger into my mouth and I suck .
tr	I	She didn 't want to talk to the clerk , but she would have gone out into the main area .
tr	I	Jenny couldn 't tell what it was , and the only thing not crossed out was in the middle .
tr	O	Her specialty is astrophysics , but she spends most of her time in meetings keeping QT running smoothly .
tr	O	She had nowhere else to go and she likes it here .
tr	O	They shook hands again and their fingers crossed in a way so that they knew each other as initiates .
tr	O	The backs of my knees hit the edge of the mattress and I fell back on the bed .
tr	O	Moonlight began to fill the courtyard and as moonlight touched the men , Chloe wasn 't gawking at muscles anymore .
tr	I	She hides behind the words of the creator , but she covets power as much as I do .
tr	I	Her fingers dug into his shoulders , and soft sounds slipped from her mouth .
tr	O	The muscles on Emily 's arm tensed completely , but I held her in my grip .
tr	O	Scarlett pulled at them desperately , but the gates were padlocked for the night .
tr	O	It was getting late , and Aisha would be wondering where I was .
tr	I	I think it landed somewhere on his neck , but I 'd been aiming for his cheek .
tr	O	Trash lined the makeshift streets , and a few children dressed in worn clothes began to follow us .
tr	I	Nicky held on to me , but I tried to get up .
tr	I	He was completely unconscious and there was blood everywhere .
tr	O	In the background was a rainy pane of glass , and in the foreground two grieving boys gazed into the camera together .
tr	O	I 'll be here , pretending to be Mikal , and I will deal with him .
tr	I	I realized I 'd been shot , and it felt like a burn .
tr	I	I was knocked unconscious and I don 't think the air bag worked properly , because my head slammed into the steering wheel .
tr	O	There was no real reason for being there , and anyway , his heart wasn 't in it .
tr	O	Something shifted in her demeanor , and her eyes narrowed a bit .
tr	I	Not before she saw him slam face first into the wall , but grinning , she closed the door .
tr	O	It was like a safety blanket that every citizen had ... and those without it lived in constant fear .
tr	I	He smiled a little bit all the same , but Ethan blinked slowly , his eyes still sleepy .
tr	O	He knew , though , that it was way too soon and Douglas was an expert strategist .
tr	O	Only Jack could access the full power of the artifact , but she could make it glow .
tr	I	I won 't and I don 't have to listen to this !
tr	O	She 'd be expecting me to come by , and I missed her .
tr	O	Zach 's lips warped into a sneer , and he took a step back from her .
tr	I	She could still wreak havoc on base , but she couldn 't get off the base .
tr	I	Keeping the reason for it a secret was killing her , and there was a spring in her step that hadn 't been there for years .
tr	I	The word had not been put out that we had escaped or maybe there was a turnover of duty .
tr	O	The room ended abruptly , and his light sparkled off the wall .
tr	O	I 'll recommend that he call the police if need be and I 'll have no pity for what happens to you as a result !
tr	I	It would be nice to have another friend at school , and I liked her .
tr	O	Even Sandy became different but she was still my very best friend .
tr	O	Without a word he did as she directed , and together they pulled the shirt over his head .
tr	I	It was turning out to be too true , and Lyn had said exactly that near the beginning .
tr	O	He may not have much to offer her emotionally , but at least in bed he gave her all she wanted , needed .
tr	I	Being around my sister helped more , but I 'm sure the booze helped .
tr	I	He kissed me sweetly and as we both came down , his thrusts slowed to a leisurely pace .
tr	I	That 's why he seemed to be the one in charge , and maybe her father had done a lot of business with him .
tr	O	I don 't want to hurt you , but I will if I have to .
tr	O	He wasn 't supposed to be driving on a fire road , but it didn 't matter .
tr	O	It was a rowdy , festive environment , and Thor had never seen anything like it .
tr	O	Her head falls to my shoulder , and I know Rob is behind the sliding glass door .
tr	I	They certainly hadn 't acquired a dog 's sense of smell , but the madmen might act like hounds .
tr	O	A thought occurred to me - and not the kind of thought that was going to help me sleep better at night .
tr	O	If this had been the first time we had met it would have been worse , but I 'm comfortable with Declan .
tr	I	Yet she 'd felt some kind of connection to him , and Murdoch 's bite had been the worst pain she 'd ever experienced .
tr	I	Then she drank , but she was never out doing anything other than working , as far as I knew .
tr	I	I laughed as well , as the tension in the room drifted away slightly , and he laughed .
tr	O	It felt like his insides were ripping open , but at least the spasms had stopped .
tr	I	John looked into Alexis ' eyes and the courtroom cleared out .
tr	O	It grew slowly louder and Grant realized an exhalation was beginning .
tr	O	All he had to do was let go and he 'd have the use of both arms to climb up again .
tr	O	The doctor had given her something for the pain , and Keller knew that she hadn 't had much sleep the night before .
tr	I	You 're not free from the law but you might be free from that prison .
tr	I	Red seemed more fitting for this occasion , but she knew brides usually carried white flowers .
tr	I	It can 't be her , but I recognize the voice .
tr	O	Instead he once again shook his head , though one eyebrow did c * ck up and his smile dimmed a bit .
tr	I	I was right behind her , and she took the lead , diving for the number six .
tr	O	He made her laugh and he wrung her heart .
tr	O	I don 't know how long you can stay , but I would love to shower you with attention while you 're here .
tr	I	That meant the same as her classes before lunch -- stares , and * * * French class went off without a hitch .
tr	O	Not when vampires were possibly being abducted and our House was facing an uncertain future .
tr	I	Every time I heard one , panic seized me , but I had to keep telling myself not to make a big deal of the jokes .
tr	O	My screaming died out into whimpers and my body crumpled from exhaustion .
tr	O	Her rhythm was off and her breath came in great gasps .
tr	O	I quickly removed my hands from the box , but it was too late .
tr	I	I pull open the curtain , and Kalli shuts the water off .
tr	O	He had the ring in his pocket and he had an enormous bouquet of two dozen exquisite white roses in his hand .
tr	O	I wanted to tell him that it wasn 't necessary , but the oddity of the statement stole my words .
tr	O	He licked under the edge of the lace and her nipples tightened to impossible points , aching for the warmth of his mouth .
tr	I	At least he nodded , but he still looked unhappy .
tr	I	I don 't trust his reasons for wanting to buy the company from me , but I can 't pin point it exactly .
tr	O	She almost closed the distance between them , but then she turned around to gather her things .
tr	O	I found that my breath caught and the muscles low in my stomach tightened .
tr	O	Rachel tripped off merrily to visit with friends , and the house settled into a restive quiet .
tr	O	I shoved against his chest with all my strength , but he didn 't even seem to notice .
tr	O	It 's my life and I 'll do whatever I want .
tr	O	Not that I did exactly , but I wished I could .
tr	I	His eyes are dark with anxiety and Sebastian 's brow is furrowed with concern .
tr	O	She focused on him , smoke at her ears , and Cooper realized dully that the green punch was revolting .
tr	I	She was talking to him and she was just so pretty .
tr	O	My cheeks burned , but I didn 't let go of him .
tr	I	Now , he was returning , and the first time had occurred yesterday when Elliot had arrived , then when he 'd left .
tr	I	His wife looks more skeptical , but the innkeeper beams .
tr	I	Her mouth fell open and Janet 's eyes widened .
tr	O	I can 't pinpoint where we are exactly but I 'll know within the next hundred yards .
tr	I	She hated that he wasn 't getting good tasting meals to help him build his strength , but it was good to hear him joking around .
tr	O	His foe looked up and their eyes met .
tr	I	It staggered then stopped and they hit the craft .
tr	I	She was too tired to deal with him , and he was exasperating .
tr	I	Curtis went tumbling onto the pavement and Eddie yanked Curtis out of the car by his shirt collar .
tr	I	My brain refused to accept it , but part of me already knew it .
tr	I	Melissa pushed it down , but Rex started to raise his arm to point .
tr	I	He realized he 'd recognized his dad 's nasally voice and that scream the attacker had made came back to him .
tr	O	Before I can ask if everything is alright , the bell rings to switch classes and he is quickly out the door without even a backward glance .
tr	I	With his face so close , I couldn 't help it , but I didn 't plan to do it .
tr	O	His lips only met hair , but it still felt like electricity ran over my body .
tr	O	Chapter 3 It was after ten now , and Northern Aggression was kicking into high gear .
tr	O	My heart turned over heavily , and I knew the answer to that .
tr	I	Clint shook his head but Chewy 's face began to looked concerned .
tr	I	I decided not to , but I could have used my own Stone magic to harden my skin .
tr	O	Her forehead bled from the crash , but she didn 't care about that .
tr	O	I cannot stop him , and you know that , Destiny .
tr	O	I apologized for not being much company , but he wouldn 't hear of it .
tr	I	He needed to stretch his legs a bit and Roger suggested they walk the tour since it wouldn 't take very long .
tr	I	Someone else was whistling , but the birds were chirping .
tr	I	Disturbing her would be a mistake , and Alena was on her way to visit Antonio , as she had said .
tr	I	I caught his arm , but Jason lunged at him .
tr	O	Women look at you all the time and I don 't go all scary psychotic on them .
tr	I	Her door slammed shut , and she waved her fingers .
tr	O	The obsidian came into view , and I held it in my hand .
tr	O	His brows shot together and his hand at her hip gripped her harder .
tr	O	It was a far reaching title but I took it as the highest compliment .
tr	O	I cranked my head up to see what was inside , but Scar immediately pulled an invisible cover , showing an opal door , glowing bright blue .
tr	I	I felt a pang of dismay , and at the end of the corridor are closed double doors .
tr	O	I spoke quietly but firmly and I saw his nostrils flare .
tr	I	He gave her a deep , searing kiss and this time , his tongue invaded her mouth .
tr	O	It was an older scent , one that had been around for a long time , but it was my favorite .
tr	O	Her thirst for him beat at her and she sank her fangs into his shoulder .
tr	I	I shifted my attention to the map spread out between them , and he snickered .
tr	I	The roof was mostly gone , too , and the wood in between had been consumed .
tr	I	They enjoyed learning new things and the pupils always made their homework .
tr	O	She murmured softly to someone and my vision expanded to reveal another person in the shadows .
tr	I	The sentiment held true , but not one she could live up to .
tr	I	I stepped into the pool of white and she held the skirts wide .
tr	O	There was nothing like the feeling I got when I conned somebody and it worked .
tr	O	Way too late , like everything else , but I 'm getting it .
tr	I	We all knew it and he was a goner .
tr	O	Once more Manfred put his hands to his ears , but he could not shut out the noise .
tr	O	Realm 's jaw is tightly clenched , and he hands me back the photo .
tr	I	His hair was expertly styled , and his broad shoulders were covered by a perfectly fitted navy blue suit .
tr	I	She had been raised to be punctual , but he had no way of knowing of course .
tr	O	She didn 't know when she was going to get another job , and all the spare money she had was for living on .
tr	I	It was wrong , wrong , wrong , but he explained what he 'd done so plausibly .
tr	O	He got a list of details of everyone who had reported anything that might lead back to him , and he had them targeted .
tr	I	Somehow he had , but he certainly hadn 't intended to make her feel worse .
tr	I	I really don 't need him for this one but I feel Onyx take a protective step towards me .
tr	I	He grimaced as he stubbed his toe and it was a bit larger than expected .
tr	I	He managed to get off one shot but Ike uttered a yelp of mortal terror .
tr	O	Grandpa Oliver 's wife Melissa wore it first , and then I did , as did the wives of my husband 's two brothers .
tr	O	Said even though she , too , gasps and her words are leaving her like broken glass .
tr	I	No records had been kept of its flight , but secondly , the other possibility was that the plane had been there .
tr	I	Her eyelids drooped and she yawned again .
tr	I	The tugging sensation made her queasy , but she didn 't feel any pain .
tr	O	There was another girl involved and he let her walk away .
tr	O	From that distance , the tunnel looked larger , but it was as dark as an unopened tomb .
tr	O	Mike nodded , and Candace followed .
tr	O	Her rich dark brown eyes were the color of cocoa , and her hair fell across her shoulders like ebony waves of silk .
tr	O	His words had resonated in my mind , but his lips had not moved .
tr	I	There were also many that he had never heard of before , but she had told him about some of them .
tr	I	It was the truth , but that might be arrogant .
tr	I	Everything was going to be okay until you did that to Kip and he 's dead .
tr	I	It 's not the case , but I assumed after what happened he 'd just walk away .
tr	I	She rushed to the kitchenette and he closed the bathroom door behind him .
tr	O	He could trace the outlines of doors and possibly tucked in fins in the patterns of the hull .
tr	O	Susan pulled the blanket over him , but his teeth continued chattering .
tr	O	He offered a friendly smile , but it didn 't reach his eyes when he looked at Chance .
tr	O	I was going to stop this or she might end up in jail .
tr	I	I 'd clearly put my foot in my mouth , but most slutty g * y men weren 't sensitive about being slutty .
tr	I	She felt it tremble as he tightened his grip , an astonished smile on his face , and Sophie took it .
tr	O	Ares would save Henry , and the prophecy would be fulfilled .
tr	O	He is not vampire , but he is truly dangerous .
tr	I	Already he 'd changed so much and we were still hours from dusk .
tr	O	Sarah only threatened them , but you have entered their arena .
tr	I	He knew , but if he didn 't know her , he would think she was merely bored .
tr	I	He didn 't say anything with my aunt there , but Hunter seemed to want to talk .
tr	O	She was alone , but the feeling of being watched made her question the sanity of venturing off the marked road in a foreign country .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure she really believed what I 'd told her , but she slowly nodded her head .
tr	O	His hair hung over his face , but she could sense his grimacing glare .
tr	I	Our sympathetic tolerance must have been driving her mad , and we were all relieved that it wasn 't us .
tr	O	Vincent 's reply was to shuffle toward me , and I pressed myself against the crate .
tr	O	They saw everything , and even an angel with the strongest mental guard had no hope of closing them out .
tr	I	She looks at us through half open eyes , and her eyelids are droopy again .
tr	O	I used to think that he was annoying when he would follow me around , but now I miss that .
tr	O	I blink and it doesn 't help .
tr	I	Harald nodded at me , and I described all this .
tr	I	Graeme bit out an impatient oath and a knock sounded .
tr	O	Changes were happening , and the tension grew .
tr	O	Maybe someday I 'll have a garden and I 'll take a trip to Africa .
tr	O	Bex started , but she stopped when she saw my mother 's eyes .
tr	O	I found the love of my life and I 've built a life with him .
tr	O	I backed as far into the wall as I could , but he just pushed himself further into me .
tr	I	You never make it to the pearly gates , and essentially : you do it .
tr	I	She stared at me , eyes wide , and her face paled beneath its pretty color .
tr	I	The teasing didn 't end , but then he started to run .
tr	I	I was suddenly sick and a rock seemed to drop in my stomach .
tr	O	She thought it , but she didn 't say it , because she knew he wouldn 't approve .
tr	O	I smiled at him when he brought the coffee , and he looked alarmed .
tr	I	Vince 's glow of civic virtue diminished with every second of Coughlin 's stare , and the detective was regarding Vince with open skepticism .
tr	O	I have choices , and I make them .
tr	O	The giant 's head snapped up , and he moved away from Jillian 's body so the new arrival could see his gruesome handiwork .
tr	O	Dante leaves his shirt on though and Reece shakes her head regretfully .
tr	O	I never saw them again , and I never saw them leave .
tr	I	She opened her eyes , surprised , and laughing , I shook my head .
tr	O	An ambulance was on its way up the hill , lights flashing , and another behind that .
tr	I	Freda just cried more , but some even stopped to ask could they help .
tr	I	Leif once again laughed and understanding dawned on him .
tr	I	Now he knew what the dwarfs meant , and the heavy darkness closed in again , like curtains .
tr	O	I entered the class , and my feet faltered when I saw Torin .
tr	O	I had been horrified when Will suggested bushwhacking as a theoretical solution , but I had been the one to actually do it .
tr	I	I hadn 't known about her , and she didn 't know I was up for a spot on the Nexus .
tr	I	Samara watched the crowd backup towards him away from the exit and just then the trailer door slid open .
tr	O	Rachel is happy and that 's all I desire .
tr	I	Then he shifted , his natural powers even stronger when dragon , and he motioned her farther away with a wave of his hand .
tr	O	There were several newly married couples , and strangers I had never seen before .
tr	O	That is the mission , and I am the Operative Nine .
tr	I	It was hard to tell , since my property always smelled like wolves , but there was no scent of anyone recently nearby .
tr	I	She wasn 't out of control , but yes , she needed some reining in .
tr	O	They might not have been at that house , but they 'd left her there just the same .
tr	O	Since I had never killed anyone in cold blood , I had been left with little choice but to agree to his proposition .
tr	O	She wanted to be offended by how he was talking to her , but she couldn 't deny how it aroused her .
tr	I	Not sure it wouldn 't , but Kylie asked , not sure it would help .
tr	I	You will see they aren 't that scary and you just need to loosen up a bit .
tr	I	Her mother is just the right person to do that reminding and Sarah needs to be reminded how to treat a man well .
tr	I	Now I knew firsthand why , and a mated pair didn 't go very far without each other , especially when danger was involved .
tr	I	She beats me to a cold ' We know ' but I take one step toward the receptionist to say something .
tr	O	She joked about it now , but her time in a rehab felicity for depressed suicidal people hadn 't been easy for her a year ago .
tr	O	Nikki was gone and his heart stopped .
tr	O	I saw flashes of light spark throughout the mist , and glass blew out in a slivered shower .
tr	I	It 's painfully obvious no one would hear but I could scream .
tr	O	His door was open , but he motioned for me to close it when I walked in .
tr	O	A warm breeze rushes through my body , and I feel safe .
tr	I	She felt herself getting wet and her mind flashed to a memory of seeing him naked for the first time in full light .
tr	I	Spencer fell in beside me and Savannah led us into the restaurant .
tr	O	I feel like a jerk for saying it , but it seems like it needs to be said .
tr	O	The bare maples of the Falls Church foothills rose stark against a crisp March sky , but the peaceful setting did little to calm her anger .
tr	O	He had saved me , but there was a complete lack of warmth between us where our friendship once lived .
tr	I	She watched as the light left his eyes and her blade drove through a man 's heart .
tr	I	That gave her peace of mind and she could see signs of improvement .
tr	O	He might be charm itself when he needs to be , but he 's not to be trusted .
tr	I	I hated it , and the rope seemed like a cruel chain meant to control me .
tr	I	He clearly had his own life , but it was nice that he talked to me .
tr	I	I took a seat and I watched as Luke walked away .
tr	O	The sheets were cold and his wife was warm .
tr	I	Suddenly her face lit up and she glanced at the doors .
tr	I	He did not care , but she still smelled like a drunkard .
tr	I	His expression was no longer a careful mask , and Tavi stared up at her .
tr	I	The moon had revealed a monster in his place , and she 'd looked upon the face of her beloved .
tr	I	We swam back to shore and he laughed .
tr	I	He was simply helping her home and anyone who saw them would think she was drunk .
tr	I	It tells how , but Death must come .
tr	I	I rubbed myself against him anyway , but the curling strands of his chest hair seemed to scrape my sensitive nipples .
tr	O	He pushed the glass towards Alice 's hands , but they were shaking too much to hold it .
tr	O	Stu was almost as furious as Rocco but he was thinking through the situation carefully .
tr	I	The movement of the waltz brought her lower body into firm contact with his , and he pulled her closer .
tr	O	I miss him , and I want to remember what it was like before .
tr	O	He threw water all of his face hoping it 'd give him energy but alas , he was still dragging when he went down to help Shane .
tr	I	She didn 't move , but she could sense the wildness in him , the instability .
tr	I	Three loud gunshots permeated the silence surrounding him , but he stopped to take a sip from his water bottle .
tr	O	The Centaur 's friends saw that happen , and they immediately started to leave the area .
tr	O	I thought his eyes were green , but when we step into the house , underneath the light , I realize they 're blue .
tr	O	Alexa 's mouth opened to contradict me , but I kept going .
tr	I	We held a good position and there were more of us .
tr	O	Gabrielle opened her mouth to thank him , but the senator was already on to the next person in line .
tr	I	Even so I 'll be hoping Alexis has a whole lot of head colds , but it 's hardly a compromise .
tr	I	I ignore her , but the feminazi inside my mind is screaming at me .
tr	O	Abigail didn 't look like she believed me , and I wasn 't sure I believed me either .
tr	O	Being this close to him and not being able to touch him is torture , a reminder of how much I like him .
tr	O	The two of them rode on ahead , both aware of Vero 's watchful gaze , but they made sure that they were out of earshot .
tr	O	I don 't like men grabbing me , and my lazy uncle wouldn 't have done anything quick enough .
tr	O	Confusion flickered across her lovely face , and it was all Daniel could do to hope that she would not deny him .
tr	O	The doors behind us swung open and Aiden motioned me forward .
tr	I	I love the sound of well-constructed sentences and I write because I enjoy telling stories .
tr	O	Then her head bowed , dark hair falling about her face in a veil , and her body relaxed .
tr	O	She must be in total control and she must be invulnerable !
tr	I	She tried to ignore the question , but Joey seemed to be asking Savannah .
tr	O	Her eyes closed , and her forehead lined .
tr	I	For an instant Keller expected to see fire , and it opened its mouth .
tr	I	Hearing Dr. Todd put it like that , I felt scared , but I had every intention of reaching out to the other therapist .
tr	I	We 'll slow this lot down a bit while you get Will to the lander and the rest stay with me .
tr	I	She didn 't seem happy and it was a sharp shrug .
tr	O	The officers al cheered , and Ryan stood , rubbing his arm .
tr	I	She spied four guards posted before large glass doors at the other end , and they entered a long hallway .
tr	O	Her voice trailed and her gaze never moved .
tr	I	My mind felt wondrously clear , but I was breathing rapidly , my body carrying the weight of all this .
tr	I	He still continued , but the wind then seemed to go out of his sails slightly .
tr	I	I shivered , and he said into my ear .
tr	O	I rolled my eyes , but I was pleased .
tr	I	The bullet went straight through , and Caroline tried to shoot Griffin .
tr	I	His hands were sweating , and his heart was pounding .
tr	I	The sparkles started appearing and he waved his hand up .
tr	O	Sure , everyone had responsibilities , and he didn 't mind those .
tr	I	I don 't think my stomach could handle it , but I would go on .
tr	O	The pilot was standing by the fuselage and he lifted the panel by the tank .
tr	I	This made Benedict sneer and tears fell out of my eyes .
tr	O	This was his job , and he wouldn 't complain .
tr	O	She looked at him warily , but finally her lids lowered .
tr	O	She pulled her jacket from the hanger in her closet , and off to the vet 's they went .
tr	O	It 's past 2 am and she 's still not sleeping .
tr	I	They were alone , and she was here .
tr	I	The knight resists , instead lunging toward me , but the little jailor tries to steer his lumbering charge to the cart .
tr	I	Now he was behaving like a kid getting ready for his senior prom , and his tough-guy stoic attitude had been completely dropped .
tr	O	It was a Watermelon Queen dress , and when Haley grew up , she was going to be a Watermelon Queen .
tr	O	It was nothing , really , just a meaningless little squeeze on the shoulder , but to Jake it meant the world .
tr	O	People were all over the streets , putting up decorations for the Glacier Days Festival this weekend , but Dad didn 't wave to a single person .
tr	O	A shock wave nearly sends me into a face plant , but I manage to keep moving .
tr	O	Michael Suleiman , the Commanding Officer gave an abrupt order in Arabic and the guards promptly marched out of the room .
tr	I	I enter with Jeff behind us and Jason is already inside as Andrew .
tr	O	The parking area had been crowded , and the church was jammed to capacity .
tr	I	He began trembling , even as he still wore his impassive pose , but John said politely that it had been nice to know him .
tr	I	He saw the rocket leap from the launcher and his eyes swiveled back .
tr	I	He returned her look with veiled eyes that somehow made her feel off-balance , and she stared at the middle-aged man for a silent moment .
tr	O	He stared back at her , and for once he wasn 't smiling .
tr	I	The weight in each breast perfectly fit in my palms and the skin beneath my touch was supple .
tr	O	Darren would ask Danni if she wanted to leave and she would say no .
tr	I	I already knew what to do next , but no one answered our knock .
tr	O	Both hit his glass visor , but it still didn 't break .
tr	O	The trip through the cloud had caused the gas in the balloon above them to cool , and they had dropped a thousand feet .
tr	I	I 'm sick of holding everything in , Cami , but I 'm trying to be an adult about this .
tr	I	Again , the hand simply would not comply , and again he steered it toward the unfinished H .
tr	I	Then I will have Savana , and to the ends of the earth , until I find the Book .
tr	O	She hoped running on it wouldn 't further injure it , but she had to keep going .
tr	I	We kept repeating that we don 't use these titles , but people even gave us with these names .
tr	O	He controlled nothing , yet he was blamed for everything .
tr	O	My hand still throbs from punching my best friend and the look on Stick 's face haunts me .
tr	I	I was vaguely aware of the taste of apple , and she pushed her tongue between my teeth .
tr	I	He wished he knew what she wanted to hear , what she expected him to say , and Linc had been afraid she might ask this .
tr	O	I gave Tom a meaningful look and he nodded .
tr	I	I nearly sighed out loud from the comfort in that touch and a warm hand came up to cup my cheek .
tr	I	Deep down she didn 't want him to stop pursuing her , but Shame on her for having this strong attraction to another man .
tr	I	He seemed to understand that prancing was not allowed today , but normally , Hywel 's horse was more nervy than this .
tr	O	Will just emptied his vial this afternoon , and I 'm unsure how long it takes for the antidote to enter his system .
tr	O	His hand became a fighter pilot flying into enemy territory , anticipating the shoot down , but it never came .
tr	I	Every so often he would get to feeling princely , but Egg was as good a squire as a knight could want .
tr	I	I moaned and my head tilted back .
tr	O	I 've seen it , but I 've never been .
tr	O	He was alone now , but I suspected that his friends lingered in the trees , invisible .
tr	O	It would help if they didn 't need micromanaging , but Ivan says they 're not autonomous yet .
tr	O	His mind was strong and his heart was passionate .
tr	I	I took in a deep breath and I began to fidget in my seat .
tr	O	One of the guys pounded on the door , and I jumped .
tr	O	I could have tried to stop Doug , but I just stepped out of his way .
tr	I	Something wasn 't right , but the dream was fading .
tr	O	She didn 't want to hear what Liam was going to say next , and yet she couldn 't stop herself from asking the question .
tr	I	I 'm not going to fight it at all and Eve is it for me .
tr	I	I quickly wrapped my other arm around her back to steady her and she collapsed against me as I cut down the other rope .
tr	O	His quiet nature returned very quickly , however , and we began to see each other only rarely .
tr	O	He flushed , and I laughed .
tr	I	His mouth go dry and he felt his cheeks grow hot .
tr	I	The women again agreed , and he asked this kindly .
tr	I	They were talking too fast for him to catch anything important , but he recognized a few words .
tr	O	Once they were done in the nursery Jennifer took her down stairs , and they began arranging the house for a party .
tr	O	He 's started a new life , and he wants to stay that course .
tr	I	A gushing sound could be heard and suddenly the ground began to rumble .
tr	O	Everyone turned to stare at me , but Alanna was the one who responded .
tr	I	I did it , but it was horrible .
tr	I	There never will be and there never has been .
tr	I	Neither one looked visibly nervous , but both of them were smiling .
tr	I	Everything was just like what it used to be and few days had passed .
tr	I	I fulfilled this promise and I only undertook to bring you to the brink .
tr	I	You did not treat a lady like that and this was a lady .
tr	O	He held out his hand and she placed the object on his palm .
tr	O	The ducks never stayed too long though and they never ever had baby ducks there .
tr	O	My eyes searched her weary ones , and my heart rate kicked up .
tr	O	He attempts to give me a small smile but it falls just as quickly as it started .
tr	O	His upper lip curled slightly and Iseo laughed at his involuntary reaction to drinking the wine .
tr	O	It is desperate , but it is weak .
tr	I	He looked forward to the day , and he would tire of her eventually .
tr	O	Jake thought it a bit odd , but not thinking much of the statement .
tr	O	She jumped up and he held his breath , certain she would go tumbling overboard .
tr	I	It was killing him to watch , because he understood , and the questions were eating her up inside .
tr	I	That didn 't make any sense to her , but it was as if she already knew him on some level .
tr	O	Julie waves to him , and he disappears back into the Stadium with a swiftness that suggests pursuit .
tr	O	Isaac asked , but Sawyer shook his head .
tr	O	The scent of burning was in my nostrils and I couldn 't smell anything other than that .
tr	I	At least it wasn 't on my floor , but I wasn 't thrilled about that .
tr	O	It was chilly , but the walking had warmed him .
tr	I	Never in the detail she gave me , but I told her about some of the other things , of course .
tr	O	My hair falls across his face , into his slightly open mouth , but he doesn 't flinch .
tr	O	I thought I 'd saved Logan from the Reapers , from Loki , but now , it looked like he was here to finish the job .
tr	O	I stared at it until the first tear dropped onto my lap and the rest blurred my vision altogether .
tr	I	Moving away from the city into the bedrock beyond the dome , but they were at the same level as the top of the wall .
tr	I	Gina tore off down the street , and the Corvette started up with a roar , black smoke billowed out of the exhaust pipes .
tr	I	She had a look at my fingers and I held out my hand .
tr	I	Hell , maybe we even knew each other , and perhaps my mother did live beneath London 's streets with me .
tr	I	Anything that happened to them on the job wasn 't Pack business , and they could not call any attention to themselves , use any powers .
tr	O	Ashe wanted to apologize , but the words just wouldn 't come .
tr	O	I clearly remember knocking her down , but I didn 't really hurt her .
tr	O	He will need so much blood ... or he won 't survive the change .
tr	O	He still wasn 't free of Duncan 's grip , but at least he was getting oxygen now .
tr	O	I tug him toward the bed , and he sits down against the wall .
tr	O	He was a good student , one of the best , but Mikael had been a bad influence on him .
tr	I	I realized I was sleepy , and the warm air brushed across my bare arms .
tr	O	The muscle in Brody 's jaw jumped and a sort of coldness cloaked his body .
tr	O	One of her favorite authors had written it , and she drank in every word .
tr	O	The lower jaw collapsed and the mouth fell open .
tr	I	I screamed between clinched teeth , and standing , he placed a foot upon my neck .
tr	O	He cocked an eyebrow at me and I pointed to Jane 's glass .
tr	O	She smiled widely as he approached , and he pulled her into a kiss .
tr	O	He grabbed her arm but she jerked it away .
tr	O	Clary wasn 't aware that she had moved , but suddenly she was no longer under the covers .
tr	I	I 'm immediately relieved to see Emily 's things still around the house , including her bedding on the couch and I let myself in .
tr	O	Cold , clean night air washed into the kitchen and she greedily drank it in , welcoming the frigid winter offering .
tr	I	I stared into her eyes and I ran my fingers through her hair .
tr	O	I think about going to the lake , but I 'm so weak that I barely make it to my meeting place with Gale .
tr	I	I laid down and the bed looked so tempting so I walked over to it .
tr	O	We couldn 't stay here when there was a possibility they would hurt him , or he would hurt them .
tr	O	He could feel her heart beating against him and he could have stayed there all day .
tr	I	He drew back , and he shoved his tongue so far down my throat that I gagged .
tr	O	He was proud of her , yet he was troubled .
tr	O	Devon batted his eyes in exaggeration , and I found it a bit disturbing .
tr	I	He was nowhere in sight , and Grenville had not slept there .
tr	I	Really , the answer should be glaringly obvious , but I didn 't want to rat Bryn out .
tr	O	He was doing his best to sound offended but he was failing miserably .
tr	O	My jaw ticked , and she just stared .
tr	I	The rudder was free , and she jerked it loose .
tr	I	She dropped it to the plate in obvious frustration and it started shaking in her hand .
tr	I	Megan had come to terms with her grief , the same way he had , but Troy was well aware that she missed her mother .
tr	I	Esme 's fingers finally unfurled from his shirt , and they cleared the backyard .
tr	O	Alice 's eyes were smoldering , but Cassie wouldn 't be intimidated .
tr	I	It was nice to just talk about nothing , and we laughed a lot .
tr	I	The people surrounding him were going to help him get there , but it was going to be a close race on Election Day .
tr	O	John whistled , and the glossy , black mare pranced over to him .
tr	O	Ray stepped toward the bed , but she held up her palm .
tr	I	It was too slow , but Percival had tried fire .
tr	O	He asks me questions and I give him vague answers .
tr	O	Before he had even become aware of it , Bryant had made it to him , and he was prepared to attack .
tr	I	Just after midnight , Patch crawled inside , and that night I left my window cracked .
tr	O	A few moments went by , and then a woman opened up .
tr	I	It wasn 't this , but she didn 't know what to expect from him as a lover .
tr	I	Jasmine didn 't move , but we opened the cell .
tr	I	That was his problem , but Edward might hate me .
tr	I	He was wrong , but Riley never thought he 'd appreciate the sexless thing .
tr	O	There had been for two days now , and no one had come to put those fires out .
tr	I	It was obvious he wasn 't seeing any of it , but he kept staring down at the notes he 'd made .
tr	I	He turned away , and his cheeks went red .
tr	O	The dollar drops to 190 against the Euro and the cable rate falls to $ 3.50 Sterling .
tr	I	I follow him , and fletch bolts inside .
tr	O	Seth picked black , as usual , because it went first , and Alyssa was stuck with white .
tr	O	Pizza girl 's name was Alison , and Heather 's face followed her around the room like a sunflower chasing daylight .
tr	I	Her body were completely separate and it felt like her head .
tr	O	Every light in the yard is on , and there are waterlogged halos around each of them .
tr	O	I think he thought I was crying over Mum 's pictures , and he can 't handle that .
tr	O	Maybe you were drunk , but you weren 't unwilling .
tr	I	They couldn 't see us hiding in the lower portion of one of the tombs , but we could see some of the policemen .
tr	O	His uncle owns a Mercedes car dealership and he 's in charge of running it .
tr	I	Yet she didn 't even know what he looked like , and her eyes were filled with so much emotion .
tr	O	He hollered back before he disappeared down the slope and Jones pulled the cruiser onto the road towards town .
tr	O	All though Braydon may have told her something , he probably thought that it was just about sex with Lucky , and Angelique wouldn 't mind that .
tr	I	She was too nervous to look , but she heard Austen 's footsteps as he approached .
tr	I	I have yet to find its equal anywhere in the world , and I liked it very much as a young man .
tr	I	Any other damn questions could just wait their turn and the question of his son 's parentage had been answered .
tr	I	Willow 's face disappeared and the screen flickered .
tr	I	She was unable to force herself to wake , yet she knew she was dreaming .
tr	I	Luther couldn 't distinguish them , but all the voices were familiar .
tr	O	The others slowly trickled behind him and Zeus gathered them toward a wall .
tr	I	Alessandra buzzed through , reminding him that he had a meeting in two minutes , but Helen started to say something .
tr	O	I didn 't know and I didn 't care .
tr	O	He was staring at me in absolute horror when his real form blurred into place , and he continued that squeaking .
tr	O	People once lived here , and now they don 't .
tr	O	It had been a busy day , and it was not over yet .
tr	I	I brushed them against his sac , and my fingers stroked through the curls of his sex .
tr	O	These wouldn 't be my first choice of companions but still better than going in alone .
tr	I	He heard that voice , but he nearly told her so .
tr	O	It was a sweet cooking sherry , but he drank it down like lemonade .
tr	O	Mom takes a couple deep breaths , and I know something big is coming .
tr	O	He could have taken an army with him , but he knew that would only cause needless deaths .
tr	O	They were all sixteen , juniors in high school , and they were on their way to fight the devil .
tr	I	The words were out there in the night air , porch light illuminating her shock , but more truth than he wanted to admit to himself .
tr	O	I was floating , falling , and something was pulling me away .
tr	O	His intake of breath was instantaneous , and his hands went to her waist .
tr	O	So far we have one child nearly killed and another missing .
tr	O	He had a big enough personality for the two of them , and he seemed to seamlessly hold up their end of the conversation .
tr	O	Well maybe Jason 's seen it , but I haven 't .
tr	I	He 's grateful and he understands .
tr	I	I recognized his voice easily enough , but I didn 't open my eyes from behind my dark shades .
tr	I	The dazed look was leaving her , being replaced by an expression I didn 't like any better , and I glanced at her .
tr	O	I figured I could do so without raising any suspicion and I knew he 'd tell me the truth .
tr	I	Her eyes widened and her arms flailed .
tr	O	He looked part Caucasian , part Native American to me , with dark blond hair , but I never asked .
tr	I	He doesn 't care , but they both have morning breath .
tr	I	Her computer monitor dark and her station was empty .
tr	I	She fought the dynamic vitality Ryan exuded and Kelly recalled her erotic dream earlier that morning .
tr	I	They were like family to her , but the boys annoyed her at times .
tr	O	Some of the gossip I had heard brought tears to my eyes and I 'm sure it was Snow that was the one spreading them .
tr	I	She won 't accept it , but I 've told her !
tr	I	I turn , following the path of his painted eyes , and Painted Elder peers out from the hall at his enclosed kingdom .
tr	O	I looked up into her eyes and they glowed at me in pleasure .
tr	I	It wasn 't allowed , but of course , I would have preferred to eat all three of them .
tr	I	No one was there , but Jolene would have sworn she heard the words .
tr	O	He doesn 't say a word , but he doesn 't turn away either .
tr	O	Lacy wouldn 't exactly say it was a love fest , but the open hostility seemed to have died down a bit .
tr	O	A loud noise went off and the floor began to disappear behind us .
tr	O	The air shuddered , then went still -- but the spell hadn 't collapsed .
tr	I	They , too , laughed at her words and the strongest of his men surrounded him in a half circle .
tr	O	He looked up into the darkness , and another drop fell on his face .
tr	O	My tablet activated the card reader , and the gate swung open .
tr	O	Ana opened the door for me and we sat down in a booth .
tr	O	The woman 's voice was deliberately low , but he could hear the passion in it .
tr	O	They met many times after that , but they never discussed that subject again .
tr	O	He realized that he should just shut up , but his mouth kept going .
tr	O	The guards wouldn 't let anyone inside the walls without authorization and she had bigger things to worry about at the moment .
tr	O	I don 't think this is a good idea but for some reason I do it anyway .
tr	I	I don 't believe it , but they keep saying that Hitler wants peace .
tr	O	Physical exercise was still not one of her favorite things , but she had been trying to adapt to our new world .
tr	I	They felt like they each weighed a ton , but Echo continued to hold her daggers above her .
tr	I	If he was really lucky , some laughter , or A smile , maybe .
tr	I	I jerked my head up , banging it against the wall again , and my eyes flew open .
tr	O	Then other start-up ventures could possess the vacated site , and the cycle begin all over again .
tr	I	They started eating , and he gave her back her burger .
tr	O	When I finish , I stand in front of the mirror again , and I can see the edges of my tattoo , the Dauntless flame .
tr	I	I feel an inherent need to protect her and she is vulnerable in sleep .
tr	I	I hoped that Mase had really thought about that thoroughly , but I wasn 't sure what Andi 's addiction problems were .
tr	O	It 's not major , but Seth was heading north .
tr	O	I was teasing her and she knew it , just as I knew I was looking pretty good lately .
tr	O	Little arms clung to his neck and he swore no one would take away his son .
tr	O	I didn 't trust James , and I was afraid he was only getting her hopes up .
tr	O	He was backing her into a corner , and she really didn 't like it .
tr	I	The skin around it horribly burned , and his head had been kicked in .
tr	I	His muscles bulged in a way that Neil eyed enviously , and one arm clasped the top of the long shaft .
tr	O	All of a sudden , the elevator door opens and a soldier enters the room , breaking the spell .
tr	O	I tried to look away , but I couldn 't .
tr	O	Yes , I might cover it in blood , but I 'd clean it for her later .
tr	I	The place could explode around them and Kenneth could lead her straight to the bomb site .
tr	I	It felt as though at least two ribs were broken and he was fighting for breath .
tr	O	He had learnt that people were only on this earth to take from , but he didn 't have the mental wherewithal to accomplish this learning successfully .
tr	I	Jeff unzipped his pants , and I dipped my middle finger between my labia .
tr	O	I know what I need to do and Quinn will eventually see that .
tr	O	That statement brought her head around and she looked in Callum 's eyes , wondering what was on his mind .
tr	I	I felt him begin to thrust against me , and he let his hands go to my hips .
tr	I	Now she was frightened and Carl had cut her off from contact with the outside world .
tr	I	It stared back at me and I stared at the burlap walking corpse .
tr	O	I felt my lower lip quiver and I buried my face in my hands .
tr	O	It really helps when we hunt , but it 's a big pain otherwise .
tr	O	I 'd like to tell you that I heard it the moment I stepped into the In-Between , turned , and there she was .
tr	O	The woman fought him , but she didn 't see another man come from behind with a machete .
tr	O	My other arm was forced out , and the same was done again .
tr	I	The billing cycle is already over , and you haven 't done one .
tr	I	He was now a country gentleman and it was a nice summer day .
tr	I	The rest are making their way through the door , and most of the people in the gallery are gone .
tr	I	She wanted to possess him , be possessed by him , and he was her man , at least for right now .
tr	I	Vane didn 't care , but the weight of the brown wolf was excruciating .
tr	I	Donovan burned with the need for revenge , and he was asking a hell of a lot .
tr	O	It was like London was split into two halves , and this part was where all the work was done .
tr	I	Everyone finally has their attention off of me and Fox looks around the table .
tr	I	I held onto it as if it were about to be chopped off and my hands flew to my throat .
tr	I	Again , they fell silent , and the girl 's smile returned .
tr	I	I was , but there was no reason in the world I should be so distracted .
tr	O	There were several appeals but all failed as usual .
tr	I	He flew backward ten feet in the air and they popped with a satisfying crack .
tr	I	Leah hesitated , but they tried again to hit all three buttons at the same time .
tr	O	I wanted to intervene , but the conversation seemed to be going fine .
tr	I	His eyes followed her every movement and Sara reached to adjust her hair .
tr	O	Silence followed the shuttle landing , and I wondered if they 'd gone in a totally different direction .
tr	O	Abbey 's heart rate doubled and she hoped he couldn 't feel it .
tr	I	The two of them smile and he nods his head .
tr	I	Johanna can 't hold her hands steady enough to fit the parts together , but I manage it .
tr	O	There was an intrigued sparkle in his eyes , and Hanna could tell he was considering saying yes .
tr	O	She 'd been getting a ton of cases lately , but this one , this one was special .
tr	O	Her spine stiffened at his harsh words but she suppressed the anger , knowing it wouldn 't help her argument .
tr	O	That ship had sailed , and my brother had stepped in .
tr	I	We ought to take her seriously , and she does have some kind of an inside track on this Sir .
tr	I	At the moment I was too pissed off to care , but I wouldn 't be surprised if my ass was hanging out .
tr	O	Something was bothering him , and it was time to get it out into the open .
tr	I	I wanted more , but now I had a full blown fire .
tr	I	You 're no longer alone , and you 're strong , Skyler .
tr	O	The air in the room was icy , and she felt a shiver quake her body .
tr	I	I kissed him softly as low groans he made quickened my own breath , and his steady rhythm started increasing , along with his breath .
tr	I	I shoved the line cook , causing him to pitch forward and something inside me snapped .
tr	I	She 'll be alone on Christmas , and she 's in a nursing home .
tr	O	Rage showed in his eyes , but confusion was joining the party .
tr	O	I 'll try to be more careful , but I doubt I 'm in any danger .
tr	O	I wasn 't talented at many things , but I was good with a sewing machine .
tr	O	Once he started , his concentration kicked in and he didn 't speak until he was giving directions at the end of the session .
tr	I	It wouldn 't take long for them to reach their limits but White cloths soaked up as much liquid as they could hold .
tr	O	The thick slat venetian blinds were raised and polyester eyelet curtains dappled the Chenille bedspread with the day 's last sunlight .
tr	I	His presence seemed to shrink the size of the chamber , and he was so handsome .
tr	I	They start shooting at each other and two guys in cars with no insurance have a fender bender .
tr	O	He wasn 't human , but why didn 't that seem to matter to her ?
tr	O	I finally got my mouth out of the water , and I took a deep breath .
tr	O	She had tried several languages , and he hadn 't responded yet .
tr	I	Brianna came charging out of the house at that moment , but he opened his mouth to make some sort of retort .
tr	I	My voice was already shaking with the first throes and a quiet storm was building up in my chest .
tr	O	Eva 's words drew my attention and I turned to focus on her .
tr	I	We hadn 't stopped kissing since shutting her bedroom door , and I 'd snuck up into Liza 's room .
tr	O	They climbed into the car and it sped off toward the Terminal building .
tr	I	I don 't feel like thinking and now I have time to think .
tr	O	My coat is under Lark , and my pack is beside her .
tr	O	The hand fell away from her body , and she once again began walking toward him .
tr	I	He touches the bare skin of my waist , and his fingers find the bottom of the towel .
tr	O	I 'm sorry for what happened to you , but Brian really does like you .
tr	I	Nothing would come out , but Zane tried to speak .
tr	O	She released him , and he stumbled backward .
tr	O	I wandered around to the front of the desk and that is when something hideous caught my eye .
tr	O	His apron was splattered with something yellow and he looked a little drunk .
tr	I	I 'd be humiliated , and you 'd be disappointed .
tr	O	Her hair was grey now , but her eyes were very wise .
tr	I	We are still a few houses down , but I look back up at the party .
tr	I	We made it work , but it hadn 't been easy .
tr	O	He escorted her to the bathroom door and she gave him a scowl that told him she 'd take it from here .
tr	O	You said three weeks ago that there were not many people I could be myself with and you 're one .
tr	O	He cast a glance behind him , and she knew exactly what he meant .
tr	I	For some reason this morning , Megan craved company , wanted to talk to someone real , but usually this would be cause for celebration .
tr	I	Since that day Captain Rob had stayed the master of the Sea Dancer , and the French had escaped .
tr	O	My cuffed hands forbade me from saving myself and I plopped onto the purple rug with a dull thud .
tr	I	It wasn 't , but they called it acceptance .
tr	O	Jessi didn 't go far , only halfway , and she never took her eyes off the inferno .
tr	O	Her gaze went to Holiday 's neck and she remembered the spirit 's angry bruises .
tr	O	Some of the notebooks dated back to the eighties , and one was marked April 2011 , when he 'd gone missing .
tr	O	All of them turned their focus on us , and I knew then I was in over my head .
tr	O	I don 't know why , but I felt guilty taking it .
tr	I	I didn 't have a choice , but I didn 't want to go .
tr	O	Somewhere a dog barked , and another took it up .
tr	O	I saw him only for a second , but his fur looked silver in the moonlight .
tr	O	I exchanged a look with James , and he gave me a small nod .
tr	I	The band started the Warrior fight song again and Matt yelled .
tr	I	Unlike me , Josie would recover , but it would be hard for her .
tr	I	It didn 't reach the floor , but it didn 't stop coming .
tr	O	It was a crazy scheme , and the Fox said afterwards that the teaching of that hymn to us barbarians was what greyed the last red hair .
tr	I	She tried to hold back tears and Josie 's lips trembled .
tr	I	I hated myself for it , and she was right .
tr	I	I welcomed the chance to avoid the meeting , but Louisa would be annoyed when I sent my regrets .
tr	O	His arms supported Hannah , and when she looked up at him , fearing he might be hurt , he caught her chin with his hand .
tr	I	I ignored it , but my stomach growled with hunger .
tr	O	She knew in her heart that killing Harvey was the right thing to do , but the police might not see it that way .
tr	I	There were neon signs , advertisements for different brands of beer , glowing in front of them and the windows were covered from inside .
tr	O	Family is family and you are not to pay for anything during your stay at El Greco .
tr	I	He didn 't move , but she knew he was aware of her approach .
tr	O	He loved me , too , and I didn 't want him to feel guilty about his feelings for Janice .
tr	I	That hadn 't worked , and she 'd tried avoidance .
tr	I	When she did , it was heart-wrenching , and Lily rarely showed vulnerabilities .
tr	I	I was fairly certain I was right , but the writing was so tiny that part was pretty difficult to see .
tr	I	I removed my hand from her mouth , and her screams cut off abruptly .
tr	O	They bowed solemnly to me , and they walked into the gateway .
tr	I	I have to admit , talking with these girls is pretty cool , but I love writing in my journal .
tr	I	Dean started picking up speed and we came closer to it .
tr	O	You were nervous about meeting my parents , but you were also nervous that I was nervous , so you made believe you weren 't nervous .
tr	I	I made the mistake of looking directly at him , and he turned .
tr	I	Haworth became concerned and another moment passed .
tr	I	Everyone whipped around , and a crack sounded behind them .
tr	O	His heart missed a beat but he had to continue .
tr	I	It would have given him a chance , a warning , but there would have been a great deal of throat clearing I 'm sure .
tr	I	Me together and there were no pictures of Blake .
tr	O	Starting to panic , I searched for Eirik , but I couldn 't see him .
tr	I	They won 't exist and you 'll ignore them .
tr	I	She really couldn 't tell how long she had actually been there , but she had been in the interview room for a number of hours .
tr	I	Her hands were so warm in mine and I could feel it wash over me .
tr	I	He didn 't argue , but he hadn 't come here for that .
tr	I	She 'd crack a smile and eventually they would stop fighting .
tr	I	She didn 't pay attention but he continued to tell Victoria .
tr	I	James groans , trying to grab it from my hand when I take it out , and my phone rings from my back pocket .
tr	O	I added a few punctuating arguments with my shotgun , glad to get a chance to use the damn thing , and we headed up the stairs .
tr	I	I ran and the urge to sprint came suddenly .
tr	I	I know what I need to know and I did a background check on you .
tr	O	Dear Cinderella , I am here now , and we are close to being reunited .
tr	I	There were still problems but the two of them had gotten to the point where they could tackle the water in the middle of a course .
tr	I	There was no need to take her with him , but maybe he was self-destructing .
tr	I	Above them a rack of medical uniforms is suspended , and a mountainous pile of towels sits beside cardboard boxes .
tr	I	Her face is scrubbed free of makeup and her hair is pulled into a high ponytail .
tr	O	I had a lot of homework to do , but I couldn 't focus on any of it .
tr	O	Sometimes I 'm not a very nice person , and I don 't seem to be getting any nicer .
tr	I	It makes me angry and my voice sounds hopeful .
tr	O	I settled into the driver 's seat , and Dion climbed into the front passenger seat .
tr	O	Rage flashed over Noah 's face , and he attacked .
tr	O	Skyler would not be revealed and the safe would remain sealed .
tr	O	Excited seems like the wrong word to use , but you know what I mean .
tr	O	Whoever grabbed me cursed from the voltage he absorbed , but I couldn 't hit him with my full power .
tr	I	It had the ring of truth , and Kyle considered what Alex had said .
tr	O	It was the worst pain I had ever felt and I knew the audience heard .
tr	O	A smile appeared on his face and I could tell he was pleased .
tr	O	He had no idea what vegetables he happened to be trampling , but he wasn 't worried about it .
tr	I	She was sorry she 'd ever brought me , and even when Angela shot me a scathing look like I was a big fat dork .
tr	I	I expect you 're fine , but it 's possible that a whack like that could cause a concussion .
tr	O	I was totally crushing on his friend Robbie , but he didn 't seem to be into me .
tr	I	I cannot think of them , but there are more words to say .
tr	I	He had to think about where he was going to sleep tonight , and there might be something left in the wagon that he could use .
tr	O	A week went by and the vase filled up .
tr	O	It was what she had begun to suspect , of course , but having her suspicions verified created something of a problem .
tr	O	My heart contended with the sound , and I swore it echoed along with my footfalls down the tunnel .
tr	I	Yet there was something about him , something that made her think she had seen him before and he wasn 't especially good looking .
tr	O	A certain number of innocents might be affected , but on the whole , the majority would be left alone .
tr	I	She stole a guilty glance at Pierce and Celine 's breath caught in her throat .
tr	O	He watched Cassidy ... and the way her eyes lit up when she saw Gray .
tr	I	I crashed backward into the row of lockers , and the heel of my boot caught on the edge of a broken locker door .
tr	O	I feel vulnerable admitting to this and I hadn 't anticipated how much rejection would hurt .
tr	I	They didn 't but Chloe wished his smiles would make him less daunting .
tr	I	They spoke in Greek , and they raised their voices .
tr	I	She had never actually let herself believe it could happen , but okay , maybe she had dreamed about this kind of experience , she thought .
tr	I	She grew tired of the crazy dreams , but she was not a morning person .
tr	O	One of his hands gently stroked against my hair , and I looked up at him .
tr	O	Cora wandered from within the various other monuments and they shared a weak smile .
tr	O	I tried to find him but I never could .
tr	I	Boy 412 followed her , not wanting to leave her alone , and Jenna carried on , unaware of anything .
tr	I	She had to try , yet riding down the other side of the hill , Rema knew it would be difficult evading the soldiers .
tr	O	She opened her mouth to deny it , but then her mind clicked into action .
tr	I	Somehow , they weren 't even trying , but Rigo would have sent them on their way .
tr	O	I wasn 't pleased about spending time with the little twerp , but I guess she had to do .
tr	O	Snow is falling on us , and I brush my hand across my hair .
tr	I	The sharp jab scarcely registered in her muddled brain , but the light-headedness rocked her back until her hip struck the desk .
tr	I	I must be honest now but I have treated you badly .
tr	I	I could still taste her on my lips , but she pulled back .
tr	I	He saw no benefit in making it worse and Eve was going through a trial by fire .
tr	O	His statement gave her pause , but she forced herself to continue .
tr	O	We walked over to the kitchen and I got my promised glass of water .
tr	I	The roofers will be working passed that , and they leave at five anyway .
tr	O	He lifted her a little more , and then he was gliding into her , her slick depths welcoming him .
tr	O	Get some food , and I 'll fill you in .
tr	I	I 'll never forget it but the night started off no different from any other night .
tr	I	She still didn 't like thinking about it at all , but she supposed it was part of his lovely escape plan .
tr	I	I knew what he was implying , and the guy 's voice was light .
tr	I	Lights twinkled in every home , and the roofs were still snow-covered .
tr	O	Quinn snaps a lead rope into the ring on the halter and I fight the urge to run .
tr	I	I don 't want to wait in the dark , but I could drop my light to get their attention if the rope doesn 't do it .
tr	I	He 'd committed himself to more , but he didn 't do relationships either .
tr	I	She didn 't feel it but ----- The night had been cold .
tr	O	Something had just happened between us and I couldn 't quite articulate it .
tr	O	Lucy laughs from behind us , but I know it bothers her .
tr	I	The shirt he wore hung loosely off his frame , and the cuffs of his pants came to his ankles .
tr	O	Elaina tried to sit up , but her head felt like a ripe melon just ready to split .
tr	O	It was a simply task , and she was up to it .
tr	I	It motivated me even more than before and it was an exciting prospect .
tr	O	I was back in the car and we were back on the road .
tr	I	Dad clenched his fists again , and they glared at each other .
tr	O	He missed her now , but he knew she was right .
tr	I	He has no right to be angry about what he just overheard and it 's Cooper 's fault that we aren 't together anyway .
tr	O	She might be his wife , but she 'd never be easy .
tr	I	The walls of the chamber were shrinking , threatening to suffocate her , but she tried to pretend , to recapture the intensity of her desire .
tr	O	I never thought of it at the time , but you should have come with me to Ottawa .
tr	O	Jasper stepped in between them , and the three werewolves braced themselves .
tr	I	His mouth dropped open , matching my own and he stopped short when he saw me .
tr	I	Josh hadn 't made a single suggestive comment about the double bed that formed the bottom of the bunk and they had booked another twin room .
tr	I	There was nothing to be afraid of and Kelly said snakes were just another of God 's creatures .
tr	I	She wasn 't there but I called for her .
tr	I	Her dimple didn 't appear , but a ghost of a smile curved her pale lips .
tr	I	I 'm not prepared for his answer , but his lips finally part .
tr	I	I knew it , and I did nothing .
tr	O	That control wasn 't his to take , and I have chosen to take it back .
tr	O	I just needed to make it through that day and I would be okay .
tr	I	They 're out drinking every night or they don 't hold down jobs .
tr	O	I touch my hand to the soft outline of her cheek , and every part of me groans .
tr	O	Reece turned left at the next street but Colton kept walking toward the apartment building .
tr	I	What a pleasant memory it was , and I searched my memory .
tr	I	She blinked again and he queried hopefully .
tr	O	I feel his lips brush against my forehead , and then he 's gone .
tr	I	He put his hand on her back , and she didn 't seem to be listening .
tr	I	We 'd have to keep playing this game with others , and there was also a chance that this guard didn 't know her location .
tr	I	She grabs me around the waist and Adria 's feet touch the ground .
tr	I	He started snorting quiet laughter , too , and his eyes wrinkled at the corners .
tr	I	His face contorted in concern and Connor shifted uncomfortably .
tr	I	There 's no reason to avoid going straight for the jugular , and everyone knows the issues in this trial .
tr	O	The yell was of pure terror , and it was soon joined by others .
tr	I	He had obviously found her again , but I had lost track of her .
tr	O	He reached for my hand as we made our way to my room , and his fingers became interlocked with mine .
tr	O	She stared into his eyes , horrified , yet she had to know the truth .
tr	O	I turned the key and it started .
tr	O	I want to kiss him a lot more than I 'm willing to admit and it 's so stupid because I just met the guy .
tr	O	He didn 't have the know-how , and even if he did it just seemed too cowardly .
tr	I	Suddenly she pulled away from him , but it took her a moment .
tr	O	The young man had been on the farm for eight months , and Rosie had become quite fond of him .
tr	O	Part of her felt bad for Sam , but the other part was mad at her .
tr	I	James was afraid that when Olivia looked around everything would be wrong , but they tried to make it look like they had never been there .
tr	O	I was nobody 's daughter , and no matter how much they loved me , the knowledge that my real parents had abandoned me hurt .
tr	I	It lit my way , and I clicked on the button .
tr	O	The coaches left and the players spoke .
tr	O	The palm tree above us swayed violently in the breeze , and my feet ached , two things that should not have gone together .
tr	O	Tom heard a noise behind him and he turned to see several men .
tr	I	She dropped into a low stance , and I nodded at Zeal .
tr	I	I batted it back , but again that stupid blush crept up .
tr	O	Standing outside his car , he was already partially wet , and like the rest of the locals , he didn 't seem to care .
tr	O	The others filed out to join me in the corridor , and soon we were walking through the maze .
tr	O	Then a doctor came in , and Julian looked at him from under heavy lids as he shone a light into his pupils .
tr	I	Somewhere along the way it happened , but she never should have .
tr	I	We keep doing what must be done and we keep thinking .
tr	O	He 'd grown up here , but his childhood memories weren 't the best .
tr	I	Held onto her , our fingers interlaced , desperate for answers , in whatever form they came , but I began to shiver .
tr	O	True , all criminals have motives , but those motives may not be rational .
tr	O	I wasn 't looking for a good time , and I certainly wasn 't looking for a relationship .
tr	O	Sibyl 's body jerked and her eyes grew wide .
tr	O	They wanted a scapegoat , and now they have one .
tr	I	At the same time he knew , but he did not know for certain what he had .
tr	O	She hesitated for just a second , but then the door thrust her forward .
tr	I	I couldn 't see a thing but I tiredly blinked open my eyes .
tr	O	The winged doors to the hovercraft opened automatically and my father came over , smiling .
tr	O	He screamed , and she whacked him across the ear .
tr	O	Ropes had been drawn , and the river was being dredged .
tr	O	Sam had yet another dagger sticking out of his side and I could tell he was beginning to feel the pain .
tr	I	His heart jerked in his chest and the air passing through his muscles chilled .
tr	O	I have to bring out the big tricks and lucky for me Holly is a horrible cook .
tr	O	She wanted to broach the subject again to Mike , but she wasn 't willing to make the first move .
tr	I	His vision narrowed , and Adrenaline coursed through Jack 's veins .
tr	O	Her mother 's gowns had been altered , but the bodice had still been too tight .
tr	O	He let go of her hair , and she wanted to cry with relief .
tr	I	He could determine his future but he couldn 't change his past .
tr	I	He will be heading east to Goliad in search of volunteers , but here is the thing - Captain Seguin could do this job .
tr	I	I didn 't have a choice this time , but ordinarily I would avoid performing this much magic .
tr	O	His gaze moved over the five of us individually , but I was pretty sure it lingered on me .
tr	I	I knew I 'd get no more from him and he smirked at me .
tr	O	He turned to look at her , but she wouldn 't make eye contact .
tr	I	She hadn 't thought it would actually happen , but some nights she 'd dreamed of finding hers , yes .
tr	I	Chaim was sleeping beside the fire , and he was in a position where he could not be seen by Rayford himself .
tr	O	They all tried their best not to gag , but the disgust still revealed itself on their faces .
tr	O	We fought all the time , but she never actually hated me .
tr	I	I didn 't know what else to do , but I didn 't .
tr	I	He was restless , almost as if he knew something that we didn 't and I sat down beside him .
tr	O	He didn 't know how much more of her intrusion he could take , and he sure didn 't want her to chase Kelly off .
tr	O	She was making a joke , but he did not like humor .
tr	I	He glanced sideways at Zane and a smile spread across Ty 's face .
tr	O	I know Nicholas says they found him like that , but it is probably because they don 't remember .
tr	I	Belinda would be seated to his right , and he 'd instructed that he 'd take his usual seat at the head of the table .
tr	I	Andrew didn 't tune it out like he had in the past , but the pastor preached a sermon that was similar to the Bible study .
tr	O	Suddenly the lanterns began to glow again , and Liza exhaled .
tr	I	He got up to start the boat 's engines and we finished eating in silence .
tr	O	I didn 't think that was going to help us out in the least , but I didn 't say anything .
tr	I	He 'd answered and she 'd asked .
tr	I	Lottie had the right idea , but I hated to admit it .
tr	O	It smelled strange , almost familiar , but I couldn 't place the scent .
tr	O	He is not healed , and he is very dangerous .
tr	O	I thought we were underground , but I 've found a window , so we can 't be .
tr	I	He turned to see Archer , the footman , standing in the doorway , and a knock on the door broke him out of his reverie .
tr	O	He began to filter through paper documents behind his bench and the quiet was deafening .
tr	I	Though she couldn 't understand the words , she could fully understand the mood they were conveying , and the music was touching on many levels .
tr	I	He could feel sadness radiating out from her with every single movement , but she wasn 't crying .
tr	O	She 's Aggie 's probation officer and they already have a relationship .
tr	I	Dallas holds up her hand for me to wait , but I 'm not sure which question to ask first .
tr	O	You 're a hard worker and you take care of my Storm .
tr	I	In a matter of two minutes , you 've made me laugh , and you have a figure to die for .
tr	O	It still sounded lame , and we both knew it .
tr	I	He 's thinking of going back to that , and you know he was a park ranger .
tr	O	It slowly drives one of its tentacles into Blaze 's chest , and his scream brings all of my nightmares to mind .
tr	I	He is still cautious and I told him yesterday .
tr	I	She was impressed but Jasmine hated to admit it .
tr	I	She wanted more ... but the kissing had been delicious .
tr	O	He 'd won on the dating issue , and that was going well .
tr	O	Her eyes widened and her mouth dried .
tr	O	The waitress brings the burgers , and he smiles at her .
tr	O	They 'd been used to taking orders and they wanted an absolute leader like Zoey .
tr	O	They pulled up to the Delta terminal and Dag got out to help J.R. with his luggage .
tr	I	The mamas would come after them and he used to get into trouble when he was small , pinching cubs .
tr	I	Courtney felt it was vital that Annie understand what she was saying , but she rarely talked about the accident , rarely mentioned it to anyone .
tr	O	Liam turned to greet the newcomer , but his smile died on his lips .
tr	I	It 's getting a bit tight over there , but things are going really well .
tr	I	Still every small bump jolted her head , but the black boat moved like oiled silk over the choppy waves .
tr	O	Dear David , I 'm sorry , but it 's not going to happen the way we planned it .
tr	O	Dorian didn 't expect this , and Master Boone came flying at him with a frightening speed .
tr	I	I imagine the timer on the bomb ticking forward as well , and the clock above the stove seems to be moving at record speed .
tr	O	Her father wasn 't being very cooperative , but finally she would know the answer .
tr	I	Kellan noticed what had my attention and I sighed .
tr	I	We kept driving and jj climbed into the back seat .
tr	I	You 're not , but well you are .
tr	I	His eyes were not , but his voice was wooden .
tr	I	It 's taking a lot longer than usual , but I keep running in hopes that I 'll get to that point .
tr	I	I could see Chip getting nervous and it was going from bad to worse .
tr	I	Her eyes lit up and she glanced toward the door .
tr	O	My hand moved across his chest , and I wished I had some kind of Apollyon power that made clothing disappear .
tr	O	I watched how Candy did it for rehearsal , but I was obviously not paying attention that closely .
tr	I	Steam erupted where it landed with a blast and it sizzled .
tr	I	The cheerful sound made the black , murderous rage beat in my heart once more , and Dixon started whistling .
tr	O	My mother still had her gun in her hand , and with help , she found the strength to stand .
tr	I	The wind whips the ladder from side to side , and Kent has the ship just above tree level .
tr	I	I couldn 't fault anyone for it , but I find that happening a lot more than I like .
tr	O	The driver 's window slid down half way and he looked at Ray for a long minute .
tr	O	I feel a burning in my neck again , and I tear so hard at the collar that I rip a fingernail off .
tr	O	She stared at his mouth , and her lips parted as if remembering his kiss .
tr	O	I had to admit that it would get the paparazzi off his back , but there was just one small hitch .
tr	O	They will never ask , and I will never tell .
tr	I	He rolled just enough to pin her , but she tried to shift away from him .
tr	O	Gretel had seen a few flashlights in her lifetime , but the last time she held one that still worked was on her twelfth birthday .
tr	I	Nathan sits down and we place a folding chair there .
tr	I	The pointed shelled head revealed itself to be her white cap and eventually the crab 's claws metamorphosed into a nurse 's arms .
tr	I	He rushed about his business but he didn 't say another word .
tr	O	God have mercy on her , but she wanted to be that woman .
tr	I	I 'll be Tasha again , and soon Natasha will be dead .
tr	I	Her breaths tightened and her heart strummed .
tr	I	He wasn 't going to die on me , and there wasn 't anything poisoning his brain .
tr	I	That was when he lost it , and men were suddenly holding him back .
tr	O	She walked toward him , and he could have sworn that he saw a sparkle of mischief dance in her eyes .
tr	I	You might find out and maybe you should just continue reading .
tr	O	I walked over to one of the demon 's bodies , and using my sword , cut off some of its clothing .
tr	I	After a moment , he grinned , but he didn 't explain any more .
tr	O	I don 't know if it 's the drugs , but since it 's a local , it shouldn 't affect my state of mind .
tr	O	The wagon swayed underneath him and he squeezed his eyes closed .
tr	O	Alma saw the outcome of the fight approaching and she jumped to her feet .
tr	I	I was trying to save him , and Jack was trying to save me .
tr	O	I could no longer even lift my hand to stop him and he sunk deeply into my neck .
tr	O	Not that I am that much older but I certainly am not green !
tr	I	They made their way backstage and the lights went dark again .
tr	I	Their hands conversed with each other in the familiar language of lovers , but neither of them spoke for a while .
tr	I	Her feet refused to obey her command to run , but Echo mentally forced herself to breath .
tr	O	My dad gives me a stern look and I know I 'm really in trouble .
tr	O	He 's brilliant and he has connections .
tr	I	He would protect her and Paul had a gun .
tr	O	I still needed a reservoir and they had probably picked the driest place in the facility .
tr	I	The lock sprang open , and tumblers clicked into place .
tr	O	Heart of the People shouted , but the stranger couldn 't speak to answer .
tr	O	I hope you appreciate the trust I , and by proxy every Clubman , am placing in you here in letting you study these records .
tr	I	I wrapped my pinky around it and she held her pinky out in the space between us .
tr	O	His shoulder thumped the bars of the cage opposite , and pain cleaved through his skin like a hot knife .
tr	I	It didn 't budge , but a loud thud sounded as I collided with the door .
tr	O	As if the thought was a summoning spell , the door swung open and a woman peered round into the room .
tr	O	I gasped , grabbing my shoulder , and then got my voice back .
tr	O	His eyes were shadowed , his back to the fire , but she could see him gritting his teeth .
tr	O	These were the most logical of answers , but the many conspiracy theorists felt Governor Gray had been kidnapped .
tr	O	Bobo 's smile had diminished considerably , and his eyes roamed Dennis ' face .
tr	I	Harried would fit in perfectly with my persona and me appearing panicked .
tr	I	When she was about to continue walking home , a thought crept into her mind and Luna shrugged .
tr	O	He 'd insisted on driving , but he wasn 't anywhere close to fine .
tr	I	He felt Kelly 's accusations were unfair , and Mike felt attacked .
tr	I	Then she was gone , and she was your legacy .
tr	O	Just one more little step and I would be down at the bottom of the cliff .
tr	O	The fire in the stove was low and the air around his face was cold .
tr	I	I didn 't want anyone to know about it and I wasn 't sure our mind link was strong enough yet to withstand stress .
tr	O	I tried to say thanks , but I couldn 't manage to form the words .
tr	O	I know that He has been pursuing me , reaching out for me and I have run from Him at every turn .
tr	O	Blood gushed and Mordred twisted away , crawling toward the hilltop .
tr	I	She knew she wouldn 't be waking him now and Alex normally worked at home until midnight .
tr	I	That hadn 't changed and his son , Brandon , had always been a supporter of Anne Marie 's .
tr	I	I 'll make it through this , and I made it through that .
tr	I	The music didn 't stop but he pressed the button once .
tr	O	He shook his head and she straightened , studying him closely as he emerged from the shadows of the overhang .
tr	I	I opened them to breathe in the cool air and the kitchen had massive rolling doors that opened to the outside patio .
tr	O	Abbot turned to me and the taut line his jaw formed told me he was not happy .
tr	I	It 's beautiful inside , and it 's very exclusive .
tr	O	Days off are rare and we must make the most of them .
tr	I	Union with her would reinvent those concepts , and now he would take her .
tr	O	Her black hair was wound into a chic chignon , and she 'd deliberately kept the cosmetics to a minimum .
tr	I	I 'm here , and Jack is gone .
tr	I	He began to speak , and Dorian 's eyebrows rose .
tr	I	You see if I don 't then they 'll punish me but don 't want to do this , I really don 't .
tr	O	It was getting to the guy , but I wanted it to be emphasized .
tr	O	There weren 't many in the New World , but we had a few .
tr	I	A part of me wants to run off with him right now and his eyes are filled with sorrow .
tr	I	They headed past Jasper back toward the open field , and he held his hand out to Esme .
tr	I	When you didn 't answer , I figured you were back here , but I knocked on the shop door .
tr	I	He 'd just returned it to me last week , and I had lent the anthology to one of the kids I tutored .
tr	O	He shot up to attention and Aidan decided to peer backwards .
tr	O	Cassie truly believed he was trying to better himself , and killing Dani was not the way to do it .
tr	I	His spirits remained fairly buoyant , considering the circumstances , but Trevor often seemed bored .
tr	I	The thought of James ' lips on hers made her heart beat faster , but she wanted those things from Michael more than anyone else .
tr	I	He swallowed her gasp as he covered her mouth with his own , and her head snapped back .
tr	O	She finally pushed open the umbrella and she crossed their front lawn .
tr	O	It was getting bloody cold as the year headed towards Christmas and standing around on somebody 's front step was not her idea of pleasure .
tr	O	Gabrielle wrapped her arms around him , but she was frowning as she held his gaze .
tr	I	We will face this together , and both of us can .
tr	I	No one wanted to go through the trouble of bringing in bricks , but in the event of a fire , the damage would be extensive .
tr	I	Air currents tossed them about , and Lightening flashed .
tr	O	She 'd been eluded to slightly in the conversation we 'd had , but nothing was really about her .
tr	O	There was a sense of cold , looming danger , but it wasn 't the same .
tr	I	It made no difference , but he would stand up occasionally .
tr	O	Gale comes up behind me and we examine each other 's reflection .
tr	O	One drop fell onto my tongue , but no more water arrived .
tr	I	Her eyes wouldn 't focus because of the tears swimming there but she looked down at the calendar .
tr	O	She didn 't know where this whole thing was going , but all her contact information would be available if she needed it .
tr	I	The roaring in her ears had eased , but the wind whipped above her .
tr	I	Davion made a gesture to be the next to attempt consoling her , and Annalise 's name came up more than a dozen times .
tr	I	I shove it off the top to avoid looking at the date , and my eyes find the calendar on the bedside table .
tr	O	Nuala stared at me , and her voice was furious .
tr	I	He seemed delighted to reciprocate , and I indicated I would be pleased with an alternative by sliding down in the bed .
tr	O	Their baby was still out there , and Jane was the only one who knew about it .
tr	I	What I wanted to know was why , but Grey warned us ?
tr	I	She was sort of glad , and he didn 't respond .
tr	O	Then the crops failed , and the plague hit .
tr	O	I was fast when I was turned , and vampirism made me much , much faster .
tr	O	I felt beautiful that night and I had a great time with Angela .
tr	O	This is my home now and I 'm staying here .
tr	O	Somebody was asking me about college but I couldn 't hear above the muffled ringing in my ears .
tr	O	The cold mirth echoed around the room , and Edwin clapped his hand over his mouth .
tr	I	It did get cold enough to keep most people indoors , but December in Denver was not as bitterly cold as most people thought .
tr	I	We all stood still , ears strained , and the humming came to a sudden stop .
tr	O	He is already kneeling in front of me , and now he takes me by the hair .
tr	O	I 'll help them and I 'll help you .
tr	I	After his third scotch , he vowed he wasn 't giving up now either and he never lost .
tr	O	Paul didn 't seem to fond of Thomas , but he was friendly to Mark .
tr	I	Suddenly Dagmar didn 't give a flying flip where she was and she managed to gasp before his mouth covered hers .
tr	O	Before she returned to San Diego , they 'd talked , and Ali had a heart-to-heart with Shana , too .
tr	O	Paul 's eyes widened and he lowered his chin .
tr	O	My breath catches in my throat , and I press the heels of my hands against my eyes .
tr	I	The tip of the blade opens his right cheek to the bone , but he jerks back just in time .
tr	I	He let it go , but Cole seemed irritated about being given orders .
tr	O	I shook his shoulders , but there was no movement .
tr	O	They must think she knew whatever John did , and this is their way of solving the problem .
tr	O	This surprises me , but it also makes me like the man more .
tr	O	He didn 't know what she was cooking , but he hadn 't smelled anything so delicious in months .
tr	I	Julian was never gentle ... but Julian was being gentle .
tr	O	She gave me a big hug and I was instantly put at ease .
tr	I	His voice sounded tortured and his vocal cords were tightly strung .
tr	O	The men were carrying something and one of the women had a huge wad of white material in her hands .
tr	O	I started to say her name and it caught in my throat .
tr	I	I realized if there were seven in here , there could be more and my mind suddenly snapped to the present .
tr	I	Cage was pissed off and no doubt Preston was amused .
tr	I	None of what had happened was her fault , but they made him angry .
tr	I	That had been a sop to our lawyer , and only the shirt was a rich royal blue .
tr	O	It takes up the valuable time of our officers , and besides , it happens to be a crime to make a false report to the police .
tr	I	I could feel my willpower crumbling against it and she was wearing her worried mom look .
tr	I	Worry was still evident in his pleased tone , but Kai said .
tr	I	He was flexible , but his return flight was scheduled for noon tomorrow .
tr	O	Ryker went to run his hands over her waist , but he couldn 't quite bring himself to do so .
tr	O	All held bloodied swords aloft , and one man brandished a pike on which he had stuck the head of a girl .
tr	I	He stretched out his hand , and Sebastian nodded , his face clearing .
tr	I	She said nothing for the moment on that subject but Victoria 's eyebrows went up at Laci 's instantaneous defense of Sal .
tr	I	Like the houseplants on her windowsill , she soaked it all in , and the blinds in her kitchen were pulled up .
tr	I	I thought my mind was going to explode , and chapter 7 Zane I stared at the computer screen in front of me .
tr	I	To come back after ten , she thought and I 'll just tell him we 're closed .
tr	I	We got the ball rolling and I 'd get into the zone once the client sat at the end of the table .
tr	I	The four of them , in unison , jumped into the beginning dawn light and the green light flashed on .
tr	O	Perhaps it had been a mistake to fight the men , but he had already wasted too much time .
tr	O	I wait to hear the bathroom door shut before going back to what I was doing , but it doesn 't .
tr	I	It invigorates them and they drink a life-giving liquid that glows with a blue radiance .
tr	I	Her head told her that Kata had some very valid points , and Carlotta 's thoughts tangled .
tr	O	It 's small , unpretentious , and there 's easy parking .
tr	O	I offered some refreshments , and we quietly talked of trivial matters .
tr	I	Michael answered the question he heard behind my words , but it was a statement .
tr	I	His eyes clouded over and he laughed .
tr	O	I feel like I 've been blown up by an atomic bomb , and I 'm trying to hold all the particles in my body together .
tr	I	It might be too late if these guys are good enough , but droids will intervene at the first sign of trouble .
tr	I	As soon as I smelled my food I realized I was starving , but I hadn 't realized how hungry I was after our morning activities .
tr	O	Like Eve , he used rapid kicks to keep his immediate perimeter clear , but maintenance wasn 't the goal .
tr	O	Frankly I like my own company and I 'm never too interested in making new friends .
tr	I	A fight was breaking out , and a philosopher had averred that although truth was beauty , beauty was not necessarily truth .
tr	O	He was older than me , but he didn 't seem so .
tr	I	I spot two pixies watching us with their round eyes narrowed to slits , and leaves rustle in the distance .
tr	I	Feeling so good to be in the dorm , but he collapsed on the living room sofa , tired .
tr	I	There are no other cars parked nearby and the street is fairly quiet .
tr	I	For now she was trying to stick by the rules but before long she 'd be giving head back there without concern .
tr	I	His eyes flew to the back of my hand , and my hand grabbed his where it held my chin .
tr	O	I stared into the eyes that were an exact replica of mine , and I counted to ten .
tr	O	Those houses were empty now , but later they would fill again .
tr	I	I can 't seem to get enough , but I don 't know what it is about her .
tr	O	The passenger beside me settled his ginormous body next to mine and I almost groaned out loud .
tr	O	He made me feel oddly comfortable , but also feeling like I was lagging behind the conversation .
tr	I	All I can 't think about is him but there are so many problems around us .
tr	I	Her body was held on a razor 's edge of tension , and her fangs were out , fully extended .
tr	O	I was so good at the strangeness , but I realized I shouldn 't have been .
tr	O	It seems like an eternity before we arrive , but the tram eventually slows .
tr	I	Being with the team is surreal and I 'm numb .
tr	O	I struggled under his scarily strong grip and the fire continued to rage .
tr	I	She didn 't know what it was all about , but she was happy to speak to the social worker when she came round .
tr	I	He wanted more and most of all , he could smell her desire .
tr	I	I 've never bought their lies , but they tried to make me believe I was a resident of the haunted academy all along .
tr	I	Peter bowed , and the three reached each other .
tr	O	I was probably dramatically increasing my chances of getting cancer , but I preferred that to having filthy little bugs burrowing into my head .
tr	I	They would never go back and that life was behind them .
tr	O	Matt was still in the shower and she was too nervous to eat .
tr	I	When he deepened the kiss she moaned all over again , and she slid her arm around his neck .
tr	I	The boy moved here with him , maybe seven years ago now , and Macon moved here after he got divorced .
tr	I	I took mine eagerly and he brought back two glasses of red wine .
tr	I	I needed to rectify that , and I stood there once again at a disadvantage .
tr	O	The truck rocked as it centered and Blake bolted down the narrow road .
tr	I	Every day he politely declined , and every day I asked .
tr	I	They were looking at the hotel and some ten minutes later .
tr	I	She glared at me and the smile fell from her lips .
tr	I	He stole a quick kiss on the top of my nose , and his lips pressed against mine for far too short a time .
tr	I	Tavi thought he saw some expression flicker in her face , one of apology , and she stared at Tavi for a second .
tr	I	I fancy we can find a few more , but I have already sent two score of barrels ashore to be filled with fresh water .
tr	I	They 'd just gotten started and her stomach was already in knots .
tr	O	He had no idea how he had come to be dressed this way , but it did not concern him .
tr	O	The voice was disguised , but he was pretty sure he knew who it was .
tr	O	Eddie was grinning now , too , and Kristin slapped him on the hand .
tr	I	I ran to the bathroom and she winked in her usual confident way .
tr	I	The thought makes me suddenly uneasy and Maureen must be Anthony 's mom .
tr	O	It 's an irreversible process , and after a while they go insane .
tr	O	Kids were happy when things started , and adults liked it when things ended .
tr	O	The black Mercedes van pulled up , and I walked out to it .
tr	I	I jumped back out of reach , and she raised both fists .
tr	I	Hazel obediently walked over to it , and Holland pointed to the nearest coffin .
tr	I	I take a quick glance over my shoulder , and the bells on the door behind me ring .
tr	O	Knowing what I was , and wanting me , anyway .
tr	O	I 'd figured he 'd park the truck at his house , and I 'd walk home .
tr	I	I rested my forehead against his clean white shirt and he pulled me in .
tr	I	He was getting that without any fuss , and he 'd only bought her for sex .
tr	I	I still felt shaky , but I would be okay .
tr	O	Katherine still had her clothes from the planned 1853 jump , but they were forty years out of date .
tr	I	Matthew cautiously opened his eyes to mere slits , and the sounds suddenly ceased .
tr	O	She lifted her hand to stop him , but it was too late .
tr	I	Maybe I do feel like playing after all , and I had a hell of a day .
tr	O	She tried to kick me but I pinned her legs down .
tr	I	Will curled me in his arms , and I tried not to look at them .
tr	I	There was blood on the wall , and I got the wall instead .
tr	O	His gaze bore into mine again and a flicker of amusement played on his lips .
tr	I	His grip was firm , and they were strong .
tr	O	I never want to practice law again , and I 'm no longer willing to continue this farce .
tr	O	I have my guesses , but that 's not what we 're after .
tr	I	It began to grow dark , and finally , after what seemed like an eternity , the sun went down .
tr	I	Next weekend is all I 've been thinking about , but I 'm trying not to come off too eager .
tr	O	The walls around us shook , and Ava flung herself at me , covering my body with hers as the ceiling came crashing down around us .
tr	I	The world seemed more fantasy than real and she had awakened from a long nightmare .
tr	I	Her cruel smile seemed alive , like she could jump out from the page at any moment , and Ali 's eyes were hauntingly blue .
tr	I	I had a sudden urge to kiss her , and I could smell her minty breath on my lips .
tr	I	She didn 't stir , but Hale 's whisper broke into her thoughts .
tr	I	He wasn 't about to show it but she 'd surprised him with her outburst .
tr	I	He laughed , too , even though he probably didn 't know what he was laughing about and she laughed about the balloon .
tr	O	Suddenly Dormer stopped and Haven nearly pushed him over as her momentum carried her forward .
tr	I	He was paralyzed , but he tried to turn his head .
tr	I	I took a moment to insert my communication device , and the handful of guys in the limo started filing out .
tr	I	I suddenly saw a flash of déjà vu yet again and she waved at me with a forced smile .
tr	O	Her cheeks were a blaze of color and she looked ready to spit stone .
tr	I	That only made me want him more and there was apprehension hidden there as well .
tr	I	The officers are suddenly hard to find and no one 's sure what the Germans are up to .
tr	I	A screeching has replaced the moaning and a loud swishing noise seems to be coming from the tunnels .
tr	I	The earth fallen into ruin nor the mountains had not crumbled .
tr	O	I felt the blood drain from my face and my mouth suddenly went dry .
tr	I	The entire surface of Hallowed Hill had quickly become a forest of rock spires , yet Rock had been falling for mere seconds .
tr	I	His silence was all I needed to know the answer , but his hair was across his eyes , obscuring his face .
tr	O	I loved the time we spent together , and I knew my answer would change everything .
tr	I	I notice how incredibly intoxicated I feel and the hot kisses stop .
tr	O	By the second glass of wine my attitude turned and I began to think of what they didn 't know sitting in that rude camp .
tr	O	Annabelle wanted to argue with her , but there was no denying the truth .
tr	O	He handed me the red cotton polo he was wearing and I cringed while using it to wipe off my face .
tr	I	The question I was determined to ask her about Patrick burned in my mind like a sin , and I was surprised at how good it felt .
tr	I	She closed her eyes , and he said her name that way again .
tr	I	I let her go limp against me , and I made myself stop feeding from Jane .
tr	O	Her clothes were askew and her hair fluffed out .
tr	I	I know , as always , that I am not alone , and because the moonlight shimmers in the empty wooden chairs around me .
tr	I	The sight startled me and we walked over to Mr. Heston 's bed .
tr	I	I wanted it to be flawless , and it was if the night set the tone for the next four months of shows .
tr	O	Finally he clears his throat and the tension crumbles .
tr	I	Its body shook with the laughter that proceeded and it tilted the blob that was its head to the side .
tr	O	Vasily pulled away but Ruben held firm .
tr	O	We ran into the unit , and two armed policemen blocked the way .
tr	O	The hot sun was already deepening his tan , and I could see sweat glistening on his skin .
tr	I	I could barely keep my eyes open and my head was pounding .
tr	O	Paul swallowed , but his dry mouth failed to produce any saliva .
tr	O	She looked like a little angel when she was asleep , but when she was awake she was forever getting into trouble .
tr	I	Maximilian grabbed his arm and Guillaume started to rise .
tr	I	They leaped with me and I started to run .
tr	I	His gaze slanted away from Merl and his molars moved against each other .
tr	I	He didn 't realize they 'd done it , wondering when it had been put up but Town Council had talked long about getting such a decoration .
tr	O	You are no kind of mother , and you will stay away from my sister .
tr	I	Soon enough soldiers went flying over me , heading back to the old German front lines and the thunder of feet made the ground tremble .
tr	O	He reached to touch her face , but she flinched back .
tr	I	They 're already up on the Internet , and people took pictures with their cell phones .
tr	I	I couldn 't set limits for Hunter , but it didn 't make me happy .
tr	O	He had no idea what had stopped him then , but whatever it was , he was grateful .
tr	O	She shouted out a word I could not understand , and sunlight blazed down from the heavens , knifing through the trees .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to think about that and somehow I had just made friends with a KY .
tr	O	She dearly loved Keeley , and Keeley deserved happiness .
tr	O	I looked into his face and I didn 't know .
tr	O	I don 't think they would have believed us , but maybe I made the wrong call .
tr	I	She laid it in my lap , but I 'm not sure just what she wanted me to do .
tr	I	Her naked body sagged in unlovely folds , and her tangled hair was streaked with grey .
tr	O	Marriage to an American might speed the process up , but it didn 't give instant approval from the government .
tr	O	She was a part of me , and I was a part of her .
tr	O	I still haven 't attained Ambience and I know nothing of spells of Release except the hand movements required to invoke them .
tr	O	For them history was not a matter of Absolute Spirit developing , but a development of the material conditions governing humanity 's economic existence .
tr	O	I remember how talking to you that first night felt like coming home , and I remember the night we made love .
tr	O	I hope you know that I would never willingly allow your safety to be endangered , but we 're at a complete disadvantage right now .
tr	O	My mother , God rest her soul , was impossible to live with and we were having a blow up on average once a day .
tr	O	Slamming doors wasn 't helping , and if she didn 't stop soon , she 'd wake Sam .
tr	O	My confusion wasn 't faked , and I hoped it would be enough to clear any suspicion .
tr	I	You resenting me , or no matter where we go , I would just end up resenting you .
tr	O	He was beautiful , and even though I wasn 't , I realized now just how beautiful he thought I was .
tr	O	Nick tried to huddle back but her sisters refused to comply .
tr	O	His sarcasm wasn 't lost on me and I could see his aura contract a bit .
tr	O	His eyes narrowed , and I swallowed the rest of the angry words that threatened to spill off my tongue .
tr	I	I dodge it and he throws another .
tr	I	Below the worry I could tell she knew Maddie would be fine , but she was worried before .
tr	I	She couldn 't deny it gave her satisfaction to see how much he appreciated them , and she knew she had a nice rack .
tr	O	I was kind of confused at what he had said to cause that , but it was probably just their normal behavior .
tr	O	The island was a reflection in a puddle of water , and then it was nothing at all .
tr	I	She thought she was floating above the burning coach , and suddenly the heat from the flames gave way to the cool summer air .
tr	O	His handsome face was set and he was angry .
tr	I	He only jolted for a moment , then returned to slow motion and I touched him again .
tr	O	She gave Zan a wink and he gave her one back .
tr	I	Dry feet were worth sacrificing for but the wellies were a bit clumpy .
tr	I	Sibyl always got caught up in them but one could get caught up in lies .
tr	I	His bellowing didn 't frighten her now , and Frank frequently overreacted in order to prevent a crisis .
tr	I	He was watched closely , but Chapter Six The Arapaho Chief Michael wanted to leave the village .
tr	O	Her cheeks flush red and she bows her head .
tr	O	He would probably be insufferably smug about it , but right at this moment Amy didn 't care .
tr	O	The currents were strong , but they weren 't painful .
tr	I	She would always lead the way , and she had only ever come here with Daisy .
tr	O	He proffered the bottle but Elodie shook her head .
tr	O	Usually being called kid wouldn 't faze her , but he said it in a way that felt rather derogatory .
tr	O	He hated what Cassie was doing to him , knew that he should leave this town , but he also knew that he wouldn 't .
tr	O	You were always intelligent and you saw my crime .
tr	O	They might be coloured earth on rock , but they were as alive as the kangaroo that 'd just hopped away .
tr	I	After leaving his mouth those flames didn 't answer to him , but the big guy was literally our savior .
tr	O	No one else , it seemed , was concerned , and the uneasy feelings in their stomachs had eased somewhat .
tr	O	Her skin was ice cold , and he turned , fitting his body around hers .
tr	O	He hung up , and I listened for a second more .
tr	I	Charlotte leaned into him suddenly as though tired , and Liam made a face .
tr	I	Need to go and reaching a dock .
tr	I	Jazz left Faith 's teddy bear in my room , and don 't forget your toiletries .
tr	O	The pair managed to insert themselves into the ring and joining hands with the others were soon being pulled madly round in a circle .
tr	O	One , like I said , I never betrayed my friends and they need to know that there 's a spy among them .
tr	I	Everyone else did the same , and I looked out the window .
tr	I	He was staring right in the window at her , but she didn 't have any clue who he was .
tr	I	I felt myself falling and my knees went weak .
tr	O	I 'm sure he has an inkling of what I 'm up to , but I want to give him the full effect .
tr	I	Another grazed my hand before one lodged into my shoulder and an arrow whizzed past my mug .
tr	I	He was filled with a fear that entered through his weakness for her and she started losing the depths of her wondrous eyes .
tr	I	He shuddered involuntarily and beads of sweat lined his brow .
tr	O	He tried to beat Cody awake every morning but Cody seemed to always be one step ahead of him .
tr	I	The widened access would be considerably broader than his doorway anyway , and the things were designed for digging through bedrock .
tr	O	Meagan 's eyes bulged and her mouth fell open .
tr	I	It was like the continuation of some cosmic joke , and the office was running behind .
tr	O	Then he 's kissing me , and this kiss feels different , more intense .
tr	I	The vertical pole anchoring it to the ground was firm , but I pushed at it to see if it would lean sideways .
tr	O	Two of my co-workers have already been killed and I don 't think it was a coincidence .
tr	O	He chuckled through a groan , and a grin danced all over his flirty mouth .
tr	I	Then we kissed some more , and we kissed until the initial rush of emotions from me to him had calmed .
tr	I	The situation no longer seemed amusing , and her lack of trust distressed him .
tr	I	I feel as if I can 't get enough of you , and my body missed you .
tr	I	He didn 't give a damn , but he had known it would be too soon to speak the words .
tr	I	I can do my part from here , but I can 't be there , babe .
tr	I	She felt tears sting her eyes , and its sad eyes met Zoey 's .
tr	O	You 're smaller than I am and I 'll take that into account .
tr	O	He had decided not to turn on the lights , to risk the drive in the dark , and nothing she could say would change his mind .
tr	I	I imagined he 'd gone to his room to get some privacy and I heard him shut a door behind him .
tr	I	I didn 't let the feeling distract me , but just looking at him filled me with warmth .
tr	O	That distance had given him the strength to continue the search for his sister and it had finally paid off .
tr	O	She really wanted to tell people , but nobody would believe her .
tr	O	You think you have them pinned down and they squirt away .
tr	O	It was like my brain played the reel of the relationship as background noise and it just wouldn 't stop .
tr	I	It was all because of Delilah , and everything I built was in jeopardy .
tr	O	She knew we were lying , but she 'd let me go .
tr	O	My stomach rolls with nerves and I head to the door .
tr	O	Sherbet next asked me to retell my story and I did so , reciting it nearly word for word .
tr	O	he asked , as if we 'd just seen each other for the first time and he was introducing a standard conversational gambit .
tr	O	The bed was still made up and there was no-one in it .
tr	I	She clearly had a stick up her ass , but she was pretty , by all means gorgeous .
tr	O	Today was the first day of autumn and the leaves on the far hills were just starting to show a hint of color .
tr	I	He lost his footing in the powdery soil of the canyon floor , and the strength of that desperate tug caught Jude 's horse by surprise .
tr	O	She also had every right not to give a damn about him , but she did .
tr	O	Ruthie says , and Adam laughs .
tr	O	He wasn 't quite ready to reveal his surprise for her , but perhaps it was better to tell her sooner rather than later .
tr	O	Granted she loved my sister like Eden was her own daughter , but I knew her affection for me would grow .
tr	O	His hands fisted , and his back straightened .
tr	O	I didn 't think it would hurt me while it was in my control , but it was always smart to be on the safe side .
tr	I	Her old eyelids were twitching , but she gazed back at him .
tr	I	Then the flowers attacked , and she began convulsing immediately .
tr	I	He made no sign he 'd heard me , but I screamed .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure exactly what her relationship was with her family , but obviously it wasn 't good .
tr	I	I think I sprained something in my foot , but I just need to get a room .
tr	I	Her brow was fixed and her eyes were wide .
tr	I	We quickly made our way inside , and Autumn flung open the Sanctuary doors .
tr	O	Bishop asks , and the uncertainty in his voice makes me pause .
tr	I	That 's what it was , but you didn 't know it .
tr	I	He was careful to keep his expression innocent , but it was sexual banter .
tr	I	Inside he was dying by inches , but on the surface he was still in complete control .
tr	O	Didn 't show it right , I know that , but that was never his fault .
tr	I	The doctor held up a hand , but Renna opened her mouth to protest .
tr	I	We immediately became the best of friends , and we were both 8 years old , separated by only a few months .
tr	I	I considered leaving the room again and his tone was almost harsh .
tr	I	I would have never brought it up or I wished I 'd known this information .
tr	I	I had seen money come between couples too many times to believe that it didn 't matter , but it seemed like a silly thing .
tr	O	Morrigan raised the back of her hand at him and he waved his hands in surrender .
tr	O	The birthmark splitting her face into almost equal halves would have taken anybody else aback , but Harley wasn 't anybody else .
tr	O	He pulled away and I realized that he held my phone .
tr	I	None of them could claim that occupation at present and the ship 's rhythmic sway was one for gymnasts .
tr	I	He nods , and I ask .
tr	O	She was tough as nails and it made him feel good .
tr	I	At least it 's something , but it might not be much .
tr	I	The blood kept flowing , but this provided some relief from the pain .
tr	I	It was an unpleasant laugh , and I laughed .
tr	O	He didn 't like it , but he 'd agree to it .
tr	O	You were doing something nice and I acted like a bitch .
tr	O	The air filled with the sound of buzzing , and thousands of tiny black eyes glimmered through the thorns .
tr	I	Already the temperature in the car was dropping , but the heat had only been off for a few minutes .
tr	I	They refused to give him his sword but the tribesmen had given him his armor .
tr	O	I 'd had sex with a good amount of women during the years , but I 'd never done this .
tr	O	She sought to help whoever she could ... whenever she could but her feverish symptoms only got worse .
tr	I	They were able to rest for a short time , gather their strength before moving on and sometimes Fernando found work .
tr	I	The ground 's on fire , but he 's stuck there under the weight of the fallen house .
tr	I	I began to cough to try to get it even again , and my breath came too quickly into my lungs .
tr	I	We headed down the ramp toward the baggage carousels to retrieve our luggage , and Charles turned .
tr	I	That was not to be , but I came looking for a simple explanation for what had happened to me .
tr	I	Before I know it , I 'm situated on top of the demon and I swing my other leg around .
tr	I	He 's staring toward the city , lost in his own thoughts , but I wait for him to say something .
tr	I	I will give you part of their loyalty , you long for it so , and join me .
tr	O	The water started to boil and Darcy took down two cups from hooks underneath her cabinet .
tr	I	I was powerless to stop it and there were many incidents similar to this one .
tr	O	The double doors burst open and the receptionist poked her head through .
tr	I	I will hope to dream of better days to come in the warm sun , and I will go to sleep now because I am weary .
tr	I	I was going to see her later anyway , and we both had things to do , though .
tr	I	She dug her nails into his skin until it drew blood , but he tried to hold her hand during the movie .
tr	O	They hit the ground hard , and the exhaustion of their flight overcame them .
tr	I	It frightened me , and I was starting to feel that way now .
tr	I	That doesn 't mean they 'll know who I am , but alright , you 're right about them probably being motion activated .
tr	I	There was celebration far into the night , and Women arrived with supplies not long afterwards .
tr	I	He knew he had to get out of here before he said something he would regret , and Anger built in long waves inside him .
tr	I	I wasn 't certain he 'd ever truly been loved just for himself , but after all , he 'd had sex before .
tr	I	Colonies of toxins were scattered throughout Nicolae 's system , and Internal organs were slightly misshapen .
tr	I	That was all it took for me to feel his uncertainty right now , but he 'd only uttered two words .
tr	I	There was no reason to believe that it wouldn 't continue that way until he returned , and Everything was working well at the ranch .
tr	I	I turned away from him quickly and my voice was gruff .
tr	I	Their hands would be rough from the years of punishment from working on the land , and they would usually have a standard education .
tr	O	He put a hand on my shoulder , but it felt cold there .
tr	O	Myka was genuinely in danger , and we needed to rescue him .
tr	O	The look in Blaire 's eyes might have been meant to warn Angelina but I could detect the truth in her words .
tr	O	She was with Golden Boy , and he wouldn 't harm her .
tr	I	Slowly his fingers relaxed and I touched his shoulder .
tr	I	Wesley 's warning made no impression and his mind was in turmoil .
tr	I	She followed suit with her bottle , and he raised his glass to her .
tr	O	Amelia 's mind was alert but she couldn 't quite open her eyes .
tr	O	She told me to spray it in the air when I get to the ocean and she will come back .
tr	O	It had been three months since the portals burned , and Karou had had no word in all that time .
tr	O	They all look tasty on the outside , but it 's what 's inside that matters .
tr	O	There was something more , but he wasn 't sure it was right to share it .
tr	I	Blake walked out and the bell from the restaurant doors chimed behind them .
tr	O	Luther barked at the exuberant action and he smiled down at the dog .
tr	O	She herself had fallen under his spell and she was hardly an impressionable young girl .
tr	O	All heads turned toward Kylie , and feeling put on the spot , she held her breath .
tr	I	She had Bonnie 's bra , and this time it was Meredith .
tr	O	I see the fear he 's lived with , and I see the insecurity he grew up with .
tr	O	They were all staring at a ball game on television , but none of them showed any real interest in it .
tr	O	He must be in his thirties , but he has a big pimple right on the tip of his nose , angry as a blister .
tr	I	She nearly fell to her rump , and the girl felt her legs wobble .
tr	O	The other team 's players were getting a good look at me and the usual crap started right up .
tr	I	The clock is ticking , but it 's your call .
tr	O	His breathing slowed a little and he looked up at me .
tr	I	She didn 't feel like it was hers anymore but it was an elegant space she knew well .
tr	O	Someone began to laugh , and a face made of fire emerged fully from the flames .
tr	O	There was also a two story observation tower and a spiral staircase all made completely of crystal-clear ice .
tr	O	Jill needed a target for her frustration , and I won the honor .
tr	I	Every part of him oozed power , masculinity , and he wouldn 't be put down easy in a fight .
tr	O	This outfit was the complete opposite , and every piece of it was black .
tr	O	She 's my only friend , and it seems the other people at school just don 't see me .
tr	O	He looked away from her , and his scowl deepened once more .
tr	O	Someone threw a big towel over Hanna 's shoulders , and she sat there for a moment , breathing hard .
tr	I	I just wanted to collapse and my body was utterly exhausted .
tr	O	Hank complied , and as he came close up to her wagon , he could see that she was perhaps a few years older than him .
tr	O	Leah was asking what he said , but Sarah was too mad to answer .
tr	I	They slammed back the shots and he took a deep breath .
tr	I	It had never been his desire , but he 'd been with many women who liked to have the whole lot waxed off .
tr	O	He circles around me , and I revolve my body to face him .
tr	O	She wanted to dissipate altogether and of course she couldn 't .
tr	I	It was no longer an item of my concern , but I was sure the aliens would one day return .
tr	O	His stomach had become unused to such a substantial offering and he left half of it untouched .
tr	I	His collar unbuttoned and a much younger looking Bob cradles me with his shirt sleeves rolled up .
tr	O	He held the phone in front of the EMT and they both nodded in agreement that it was him .
tr	O	The ringing ceases and all is quiet .
tr	I	Suddenly , the whole story spilled out , and she took a deep , wobbly breath .
tr	O	They gossiped away , and she was glad that they would be getting out within the next few hours .
tr	O	He tried to heal Jace , but the heavenly fire burned him .
tr	I	Camp Beaver became the primary entry point into the Land Between the Lakes Park from the east and these communities grew daily .
tr	I	She recovers quickly , but Kira 's eyes widen .
tr	O	I want something other than Zach but I want his feeling of safety too .
tr	O	She 'd tried that and it didn 't work .
tr	O	Hopefully , she was just sitting at the pond , visiting with an old friend , but his gut told him that wasn 't the case .
tr	I	She couldn 't see him through her tears , but she raised her head .
tr	O	Tonight was my turn and I couldn 't wait .
tr	O	I took her home , and we exchanged phone numbers .
tr	I	He 's not a complete scoundrel , despite what you might think , but I know he 's cold-hearted .
tr	O	Councilwoman Adelaide reached for it , and he handed it to her .
tr	I	I 've never wanted to be anywhere more , but not one thing I 've ever done makes me deserve to be here with this girl .
tr	O	Okay , she likely hadn 't , but I was trying to be kind in the spirit of open-mindedness .
tr	I	I have to , but I promised someone I care about very much that I wouldn 't Erase this path .
tr	O	Meredith glanced back at Matt - and that was al it took .
tr	O	Amber is going to be a perfect sacrifice , and then there won 't be any stopping me .
tr	O	The blood on her side was frozen , of course , and her eyes were iced open .
tr	I	It 's going to need fixing sooner rather than later , but it 'll hold for a few more days .
tr	I	Seeing that they were talking , promptly left and Joe brought them each a cup of coffee .
tr	O	He walks out of the classroom and I turn my gaze to Holder .
tr	I	He was still attached to Rachel , but Tolland tried to stand up .
tr	I	I pull my hand up to examine the damage and a shiver runs up me from the spike of pain .
tr	I	Because she had him , she weathered the loss of our parents , and he put a smile back in her eyes .
tr	I	The new paint is brighter , and it 's probably been years since we painted this section of wall .
tr	I	They opened without a sound , and when I reached them I lightly ran my fingers over their smooth , pearly surface .
tr	I	That had not been a part of the plan , and he liked her , damn it .
tr	O	The smile was still on Hal 's face , but there was more than happiness in his eyes .
tr	I	I was too afraid of popping a stitch to move , and they 'd forced me to wear a white dress .
tr	I	You can follow him out the door or you can either do what I request .
tr	I	It wasn 't that large , but it was a large lounge .
tr	O	The trap is loneliness , and none of us escapes it .
tr	I	You paid for it and you made a mistake .
tr	O	There was a loud bang , and the box went immediately black .
tr	O	She had found so much in one person , and letting her go seemed like a terrible mistake .
tr	O	Sebastian walks out last and I run over to stop him .
tr	I	It ignited on the first try and the Acolyte got into his car .
tr	O	Gods , I want nothing more than to go back , but I can 't yet .
tr	O	He 'd probably have waited forever for her , but thank God it hadn 't come to that .
tr	O	He 'd been worried about a possible pregnancy after that encounter , but he 'd lulled himself into believing it couldn 't really happen .
tr	O	I 'm not getting any younger and I 'm not getting any richer .
tr	I	I will , and I can stop myself .
tr	I	Her eyes nearly closed and his hands moved up to knead her shoulder blades .
tr	O	Finally the numbers of men overwhelmed the freakish creatures , and they fell under a rain of sword blades .
tr	I	Herbie scampered into the living room and as I started down the corridor , the phone rang .
tr	I	Nick wouldn 't have it , but Charlie , who wanted to map more of the Midwest rails , was urging him to head north .
tr	I	He wasn 't thirsty anymore and he had put on a few pounds .
tr	O	The torches had been lit up and the night was still .
tr	I	I overheard them exchanging words and they were in the theater .
tr	I	Already I have made a few friends , and the villagers are really an interesting lot .
tr	O	She 'd never been to London but she 'd heard such glorious things .
tr	I	Dani was fair game , but her other friends would be safe around Julian .
tr	I	They made plans for the evening , and Jason answered on the second ring .
tr	O	He squeezed the trigger instead of pulling it , and he squeezed off two shots instead of one .
tr	I	Instead of heading to them to see if Alyssa was okay , she went to the locker room and Faye got up .
tr	O	Lacey might never anger him , but she certainly wouldn 't ignite him .
tr	O	I wanted him out of here , but for now , this was the best I could do .
tr	O	He immediately took me to the elevator and we were soon headed for the basement .
tr	I	He 's left me alone , but I thought this was foreplay .
tr	O	Her dad had gotten them for her birthday , and I knew how much she loved them .
tr	I	He was sore in places he 'd never been sore and it had been a rough night .
tr	O	A bullet sliced across Sean 's chest , and he gave up trying to be nice .
tr	I	They gleamed with pride , but he rolled his eyes .
tr	O	When my Bob died in the war , they took me back in as housekeeper , and I owe them my loyalty .
tr	I	They would have definitely noticed something like this by the sink , and they had all been together at lunchtime , in the kitchen .
tr	O	Ten minutes later , Nick parked and I ran in to use the facilities .
tr	O	It feels like it is taking forever , but I can 't rush this .
tr	I	She signed , Amy like Peter , and he stepped to the tent entrance .
tr	I	On the other hand , it seemed like he knew them already , but the Big Boss surely was not going to listen to his complaints .
tr	O	I didn 't even know why I felt compelled to ask , but the thought had been plaguing me ever since I 'd kissed him .
tr	O	My body had limits , and I 'd reached them .
tr	I	It won 't work now , but I might be able to do it tomorrow .
tr	I	At the foot of the steps , Celaena waltzed with herself , and the music was loud enough that it reached them out here .
tr	O	My heart beat painfully fast , but I kept breathing as steadily as I could .
tr	O	When he was lifted out the final time , the sun was high in the sky and nine mutilated corpses lay on the wet grass .
tr	O	I 'd have nightmares about falling now , but at least it would be a change from the fire .
tr	I	When he sucked on it , a shiver racked her from head to toe , and she slid her tongue in his mouth .
tr	O	Eden 's voice was loud , and I could hear loud music in the background .
tr	O	She still looked bummed , but she didn 't say anything more about it .
tr	O	Her bound hands dug into her back , but she was hardly aware of the discomfort .
tr	I	I 'm gulping noxious gas , but I 'm forced to take a breath .
tr	O	It knocked the crossbow aside , snapping her arm back , but she still did not release the crossbow .
tr	I	The dark liner beneath looks spidery somehow , and I see every fleck of mascara she 's used to thicken her lashes .
tr	O	These words finally brought Michael back to his senses , and he could see straight away that his lack of manners had made his companion uncomfortable .
tr	O	You 're smart and you know this .
tr	I	This is a big part of you and I need to know who you are .
tr	O	I was upside down , and the world was tumbling .
tr	I	Before she could say anything , Bec was pulling her across the street , but something was off .
tr	O	She was brilliant and I loved her .
tr	I	He said nothing , but she studied him .
tr	O	She was content and it was the perfect time for me to leave with my friends without another confrontation .
tr	O	The weak may perish , but the strong will survive .
tr	I	He blinked heavily and she smiled at him .
tr	O	It flies open and my insides flip .
tr	I	She consented to fix the wedding on that day three weeks ; and she would not debate it any longer .
tr	O	I had made this into a competition and he had already conceded the victory to me .
tr	O	I felt my lips part and my eyes grow wide .
tr	O	I was surprised I could talk at all my stomach was so tangled up in knots , yet the words came smoothly .
tr	I	He flinched as he lost his footing , expecting to fall again , and the leaf bounced as he tried to rise .
tr	O	He 's yelling in my face and I worry that the vampires might hear him .
tr	I	What would he do when twenty minutes had gone by , but she had only been in here ten minutes at most ?
tr	O	Eventually the night turned into early morning and Deckard went home .
tr	I	I was rude and I was wrong .
tr	I	It looked pretty deep as well , and it was a river - wide .
tr	I	The others scrambled off into the foliage looking for cover to fire from and his eyes found mine one last time as the children screamed behind us .
tr	I	Roy recognized him immediately , and they 'd met briefly at the opening of the medical clinic .
tr	I	There was a chill in the air that wouldn 't seem to go away and the sun was hiding behind gloomy clouds .
tr	O	The force of the blow knocked me flat , and my left shoulder was a node of white-hot pain .
tr	O	His expression drops with that question , and he releases my hand from his .
tr	O	My chest ached at that , and I felt Mom 's hand on my hair .
tr	O	Aiden called my name , but I was beyond hearing .
tr	I	For a moment Haven thought he fell asleep standing up and his eyes glazed over .
tr	I	The magic wasn 't his , but it may have been him at the helm .
tr	I	His brow furrowed , and his dark eyes seemed to grow darker .
tr	O	Amy Lau lifts her eyebrows at me and I follow the direction of her stare down to the stylus I restlessly tap against my desk .
tr	I	Together we could , but I don 't know if we could do it on our own .
tr	I	She bowed her head forward for a moment and her shoulders slumped .
tr	I	The sea around them was beginning to burn , and there was still more than 100 yards to go before hitting the beach .
tr	I	She didn 't want to wear a wedding dress , but I 'm not sure what dress she picked out for today .
tr	O	The Benadryl had done its job , and Trina was out like a light .
tr	I	You might have an hour or you might have weeks to prepare .
tr	O	The sounds of the other campers faded , and only an occasional insect made a noise .
tr	O	Celeste tried to sound as relaxed as she could , but it wasn 't easy .
tr	O	I glanced between my Dad and Mom 's faces .
tr	O	Those same servants then brought out enough food to feed everyone twice over despite Gretchen and I being the only humans .
tr	I	His only other choice was to starve , but he was sick of eating orc meat .
tr	O	Rebekah Crane 's name was listed with her husband Jacob 's , but it was neatly crossed out .
tr	I	She casual y flipped her hands , slapping her servants in the face , and her mage smiled .
tr	I	That was nice to see , and the babies were growing , though .
tr	I	When I lay my hand on his forehead , he was cool to the touch , and his bronze hair looked almost brown next to his pallor .
tr	O	His arms gave her a squeeze and her gaze came back to his .
tr	O	She could not regret and she could not revise .
tr	I	He insisted on walking her into the terminal , but they kissed in the car where no one could see .
tr	O	Mabel didn 't care what people thought , and to Julie this was part of her charm .
tr	I	Apes will dance , and Tonight I 'll call the tune !
tr	O	She looked at him with pride and he assumed that she was benevolent .
tr	O	Danny laughed , but it was without humor .
tr	O	She gave in and her lids fluttered .
tr	O	I suppose the sex with Gem and the shower had brightened my outlook .
tr	I	Why had he passed up this chance , but she let out a breath of relief ?
tr	I	Those days are no longer , but we were mortal enemies .
tr	I	Now it all seems so pointless , but I always expected to finish .
tr	O	He 'd have to sell Sarah on his return to active duty , but then the Superintendent had been most insistent .
tr	O	Dad 's eyes wavered for a minute and I realized he wasn 't just scared for me .
tr	I	There was lots of puss , and it was kind of green .
tr	O	She wasn 't cowering , which was surprising , but I could tell it was getting to her .
tr	I	She moaned and her body heated .
tr	O	Solitary is darker than the other places in the hospital I 've seen , but it 's not gloomy .
tr	O	You did a nice job , Dag , and you will be rewarded .
tr	I	I knew he meant it as a compliment , but his comment could have been taken as crude .
tr	I	The arrow fell on the floor and Dr. Williams started to cut around the arrow .
tr	O	Ethan got his bearings first , and he managed to grab hold of Julie again .
tr	O	There were rules in these establishments , after all , and Devon didn 't want any lawsuits on his head .
tr	I	I 'll also tell you this , but your safety is my top priority .
tr	I	The other two take more time , but Lennox is up in an instant .
tr	O	His mask looked eerie in the gathering darkness and he held his gun at the ready .
tr	I	Ms. Ambrose , the principal , burst onto the lawn , and at that moment the doors to the school flung open .
tr	I	No one was resentful that she had been gone for such a long time and no one despised her for leaving .
tr	O	A sense of humor might have rounded out their personalities , but you can 't have everything .
tr	O	I didn 't like Sebastian , but I also couldn 't say for sure that he was the killer .
tr	I	She prepared for a graceless fall and one quick tug caught her off balance .
tr	I	She had faked an orgasm while savoring her last slice , and Selena had made another comment about food substituting for sex .
tr	I	The phone rang before she could lift the handset , but certain she 'd reached the right decision , she hurried over to the desk .
tr	O	His net worth lay in the billions and he consistently made the Forbes wealthiest list .
tr	O	He was running hot , but until he located a human target he could not use his power effectively .
tr	I	He couldn 't see it , but it had to be there .
tr	I	It is too late , but she feels the warning of the weeds at the top of the ditch , laid down by the wind .
tr	O	I screamed as loudly as I could and I heard Ian 's voice in the distance .
tr	O	Both were smiling and both smiles were huge .
tr	I	I suddenly wished I 'd gone home , and it was surrounded by tons of trees .
tr	I	I led the team out into the moonlit night and the hatch opened .
tr	O	Guilt was her poison , and I was pouring it down her throat .
tr	O	They have some sort of Super Soldiers and they have hundreds of them that do their bidding .
tr	O	He had paid good money to place people in important positions and he could call on them at any time .
tr	I	Reyes had begun to grow fearful that she would sleep forever and waiting for her to awaken had been a lesson in self-control .
tr	O	I wanted him , and he knew it .
tr	O	She picked one up but it was from when she was only ten years old .
tr	I	This suited Kyle just fine , and the receptionist sounded bored .
tr	O	I 'd seen a glimpse of my future then , the beast I could become , but I didn 't want to believe it was real .
tr	O	She 'd offered him everything and he 'd turned her away .
tr	O	He started with a basic punch move and I followed .
tr	I	They did move further away from the beach , but they did not go back into the forest .
tr	I	One of the few he had was about this place , but he didn 't have many memories of his mother .
tr	O	Nora wished she 'd kept silent , but now there was nowhere to go except forward .
tr	I	I know that we all need a break and we 're chasing a lead , not a person with this one .
tr	I	I 'd never been great at confronting people , but I needed it now .
tr	O	Both of them were watching me intently , and I kind of wanted to smack Neil .
tr	O	It was another one of those things I wished hadn 't been shared , but Adrian couldn 't help it .
tr	I	She looked better than she had in weeks and the color was back in her cheeks .
tr	I	We 're headed to the vet , and a bear attacked Charlie .
tr	O	The rain falls harder now , and lightning flashes as though the sky goddess herself is giving Serena the all clear .
tr	O	Their world had turned upside down , and Luiz had never once considered a vampire might be at work .
tr	O	He had been called many things , but jerk was not one of them .
tr	O	I giggle , but of course it 's just Tobias , ducking under a branch .
tr	O	Another blister gave way against the machete handle , but Bowe ignored it .
tr	I	I was used to spending hours in an airplane without a pee , and I wasn 't sucking down coffee like Grayson was .
tr	I	Projectiles ripped into the demons , and the charge broke apart .
tr	O	She ignored this , and there was a long pause .
tr	I	He needed answers , and he could do it because no friend meant more to him than his son .
tr	O	I would die , and Sofie would die .
tr	I	He has been dismissed , and we have been discovered .
tr	I	The guns fire their rounds and the showers above us Raining down on our feet While the bombs are exploding .
tr	I	John dressed both , and I killed two .
tr	I	Then the thought came to him , and he wondered what might have changed to stop them from being there now .
tr	O	The good could be spared , and the bad could die young .
tr	O	Blood spurted and he doubled over .
tr	O	Death was a mystery , a dark cloud , and they had disappeared into it .
tr	I	I sure hope it ´ s not the case and they ´ re probably telling him to stay away .
tr	I	I shrugged , and she said gently .
tr	I	She whirled away from him , slamming the door behind her as she strode inside , and this made her angrier still .
tr	I	The man thumped into the street and the gunslinger shot him dead .
tr	O	Honour does the same and we gasp simultaneously .
tr	O	He was asking me to trust him , yet he 'd done something so untrustworthy already .
tr	I	After a short pause , I nodded and a ghost of a smile played at the corners of my mouth .
tr	I	The entire dance floor was at a near standstill , and I looked around .
tr	I	I was clinging on to the idea that there was a plan and it couldn 't be part of the plan .
tr	I	The back door opened before she could , but she wanted to cast off his help .
tr	O	At the end of the meeting he stood up and when he shook hands in farewell he was smiling .
tr	O	He was startled when the sounds of metallic screeching issued from the door as the bolts slid free , and with a loud creak it swung open .
tr	O	There was a Jeter boy about two miles away , but I 'd never seen him anywhere near the river .
tr	O	I wish I could be like you , but I can 't deny who I am .
tr	O	He loved them , and he hated them .
tr	I	I don 't talk about it but I think about this sometimes .
tr	O	A window there looked out onto the square , and she could see the caravan guards moving silently through the night on their rounds .
tr	O	Her attack ceased instantly and she froze in place .
tr	O	It was a small movement , but I noticed it right away .
tr	I	She made sure the words that came out of her mouth were admirably civil , but her knuckles went white .
tr	I	The wind got stronger and the raindrops were angrily knocking at the window .
tr	I	Rory hurried up beside me , and footsteps smacked on the floor .
tr	I	She could almost believe that too and his voice was rough with frustration .
tr	O	He 'd given his life for hers and she 'd laughed while he died .
tr	O	My eyes are glassy , but I 've stopped crying .
tr	I	A mysterious key tag flashed on his palm , and the same moment he stretched out his hand .
tr	O	We were at the corner of the 34th Street subway and she wasn 't saying anything .
tr	I	She closed them and her eyes ached unmercifully .
tr	O	Her throbbing head was almost unbearable , but she had to bear it .
tr	O	A thin wisp of smoke curled into the air , and that was the last thing I saw .
tr	I	He hated giving them labels and people were people .
tr	I	I thought someone broke in , and I saw the lights switched on in your room .
tr	I	One of the most beautiful women he 'd ever known , and Diana was bright , exciting , passionate about her work .
tr	O	He pulled her close then , and he kissed her .
tr	I	He appeared to be saying something and his face was stern .
tr	O	They rarely argued , and she hated this .
tr	I	A spasm of pain crossed her face and keeley snorted .
tr	I	I didn 't , but I should 've guessed the sound of my voice would be a distraction .
tr	I	Now I 'm stuck here with my dad , but my mom lives out there on the inner coastal .
tr	O	She set the blankets down on a dresser shoved in the corner , a new addition since Milo 's arrival , and she jumped .
tr	O	None of this experience came from the room where she stood , but from the book she held in her hands .
tr	O	She 'd loved him so much , and yet she 'd broken his heart .
tr	I	We probably do it at the same time , but I 'm not sure who hangs up first .
tr	O	I was those breathing objects , desperately aching to escape , to live , and suddenly a calm washed over me .
tr	O	I try to fall back asleep , but after the predawn show , it 's impossible .
tr	I	The fireworks exploded again before her first orgasm even finished , and he pushed hard into her , reaching deeper than she thought possible .
tr	O	Despite that , I 'd almost quit , but I wanted to prove my capability .
tr	I	It was time for her to reinforce her most important command and Gabriel had what they needed .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to argue , but she stopped me .
tr	I	No one can save Sean , not when he 's like this , but I want to free him from that so badly .
tr	I	It was still a gathering place for the folks in the neighborhood who had not been consulted about the highway but it was no longer beautiful .
tr	I	He cut me quickly off but I opened my mouth to protest .
tr	O	I snap my gaze back up to his and he 's standing across the bar from me .
tr	O	He was whole again and he sensed them well before they arrived .
tr	O	His eyes were still closed and he brought his fingers to his lips , like he could still feel me there .
tr	I	The learning process extended over a period of years , and Young chimps literally learned how to do it .
tr	O	Basha could hardly be called homely , yet he wasn 't exactly handsome .
tr	O	She had seen the pin and Karn knew she wanted it .
tr	O	I could sense that there was something in the air and I knew that I was about to find out .
tr	O	My eyes flip over the things in the room as I try to remember , but for some reason I 'm drawing a blank .
tr	O	Sure , I might have dates in the future , but they sure as hell wouldn 't be with her .
tr	I	Sabin made another decision , and the sound of the other motor dropped off , as if it had slowed even more .
tr	O	Not only was he able to converse in Spanish with the lady in Argentina but he also was now speaking with someone in German .
tr	O	The fourth remained silent , but his glare spoke volumes .
tr	O	She was crying , and it was like taking a punch in the gut to watch her .
tr	I	When I saw his expression fall , I knew I had offended him , but I didn 't mean for my face to scrunch up in repulsion .
tr	O	I nodded , and Karen went back to dusting .
tr	I	He 's right -- but my partner , Dr. Philips , is a jerk .
tr	O	My dad stood up , and I did the same .
tr	O	He 's usually so pragmatic , but not where Corr 's concerned .
tr	I	First , I need for you to understand something , but I need to ask you a few things , Finn .
tr	O	His replacement could be anyone , and Ty didn 't trust just anyone .
tr	O	He has been holding out His Hand to me this whole time , and finally , finally I have reached for Him .
tr	I	Micha is sitting there by himself on a rock with his phone in his hand and the minister is gone .
tr	O	She had insulted Count Lucien without meaning to , and she suspected he had insulted her in return .
tr	O	Combine that with your cocky vanity and you can be damn near the king of all douches .
tr	O	I wanted to believe that Hailey had made it all up , but I knew she hadn 't .
tr	O	Since she was unwed , her conservative parents insisted she give the baby up for adoption , and when she refused , they cut off support .
tr	I	It 's a silent agreement and I don 't say anything .
tr	I	He no longer saw any fear , and Brown eyes stared up at him .
tr	I	I jump to my feet and his head makes a loud crack against the floor .
tr	O	She 'd signed a legal agreement , and now they had inherited that agreement .
tr	O	She tried to kiss me and I pushed her away .
tr	O	He put his left arm around the boy 's shoulders and Albert straightened very slowly .
tr	I	He had long since learned to use it to his advantage , but Rohr 's legendary temper was boiling .
tr	O	Alarm filled Marcus ' face and he looked at her sternly .
tr	O	John didn 't need this on top of everything else , but Karen had to be careful what she said about Robert .
tr	I	Considering what just happened , you 're going to be told anyway , but I probably shouldn 't be sharing this detail with you .
tr	I	Adam knew better , but Ronan looked chastened .
tr	O	Anything more , and he 'd be healthy enough to handle it .
tr	O	I looked towards Sergeant B. Miller and he nodded .
tr	I	Let 's face it , that wasn 't the one thing they wanted , but I knew boys liked food .
tr	I	He fell asleep and the sheer exhaustion finally became too much .
tr	I	That was his entire fault and Denial pushed his coherent thought process aside .
tr	I	The procession started to move forward and a large bronze gong was struck as the door opened .
tr	I	It also felt right ... and it felt good to say that .
tr	O	She smiled and a quiet giggle escaped her lips .
tr	I	She found herself scowling for a second , and a gust of cold air blew through her long flowing hair .
tr	I	It gave her something to do while she watched Steven argue with his sister , but she already knew the hearts wouldn 't be used .
tr	I	It started to annoy me , but I tried to continue on , because there was little chance I 'd actually trip over it .
tr	O	She tapped a little harder and the wood shifted .
tr	I	It 's raining and it 's July .
tr	I	I switched off my cell phone and I didn 't reply him anything .
tr	I	I realized with a shock that she was crying and her eyes were red .
tr	I	We slide down unceremoniously to the floor and I release her to take the gun .
tr	O	Our eyes meet and I notice he 's dressed for training -- all in black , in complete contrast to the kitchen wall .
tr	O	He managed only a weary sigh , and it seemed to carry away the last energy left him .
tr	O	Cole looked at her as if she was deranged , and Robin couldn 't blame him .
tr	O	William does many complicated things to test 007 , and using this account from the outside could appear normal .
tr	I	Austin prayed that he wouldn 't crush it , and his grip tightened round the thin cup .
tr	O	Leslie returned to her chair but Hank stood near the door .
tr	O	Mitch tried to keep his eyes on the road , but it was impossible .
tr	I	Until that moment , he didn 't believe it was really possible , but Lance had heard about spontaneous combustion .
tr	O	All good things must come to an end , and he 'd grow suspicious if I kept rubbing him for the rest of the day .
tr	I	The acrid smell of charred flesh flooded the vault , and his hair went up in a whoosh of smoke .
tr	O	The banjo started playing through the speakers of your car and I immediately recognized my favorite band .
tr	O	She 'd never been there before , but Skyler knew just where to go .
tr	I	There were a lot of others who couldn ' see it either and me mom ain ' never been able to see it .
tr	O	I know we gave it back , but I should have never taken her money in the first place .
tr	I	I jumped and he barked .
tr	I	Her voice was very small when she spoke again , and she paused for a moment .
tr	O	The bag was ripped off my head again , and I found myself looking into Zach 's eyes .
tr	O	I close my eyes and they nearly stay closed .
tr	O	It wasn 't like him to be late , and he half expected an interrogation from his brother .
tr	O	My wife is dying as we speak , and I 'll do anything to save her .
tr	I	Both men wept , and she was gone .
tr	O	He grabbed her around the waist , and his dark eyes bore into hers .
tr	I	I realized he was blocking the wind from reaching me and the bench seat was still warm from his body heat .
tr	I	He would do as he was ordered , but Brent would argue .
tr	I	They walked on without speaking and he caught up .
tr	I	Nicholas asks about Jackson and a staff member moves toward us .
tr	O	Again many of the animals looked familiar , and some of those she couldn 't place .
tr	O	My anger was gone , and I finally gave in .
tr	O	Suddenly the little red door flew open and Aunt Tabby poked her head into the bat turret .
tr	O	Sali gave a brief nod to Ashe and things were better after that .
tr	O	The vampires pointed them at Carpathians , and the human society members did their best to kill as many as possible .
tr	I	I could move towards the light , or I could either stand in the dark thinking about it .
tr	O	Rifle growled when Denny raised his voice , but Denny seemed too angry to care .
tr	I	His lips brushed my ear and I turned my head away .
tr	I	We 're taking good care of Trina , and we 've got that kind of love .
tr	I	I hope that you 'll understand me as your life will undergo changes , and forgive me .
tr	I	He locks his other arm around me , and I snuggle closer to Isaiah .
tr	O	His favorite cigarettes were by the bedside , and his clothes were still hanging up in the closet .
tr	O	This Giant is nobody but he is penitent .
tr	O	He wouldn 't tell me what he planned , but I knew he was planning something .
tr	O	He would have loved to have splashed water in his face but that was out of question in the zero gee environment of his ship .
tr	O	He wanted to believe the latter , but everything he 'd learned about her pointed to the former .
tr	O	The forcefield collapsed and Jacob slipped away .
tr	O	You say you did nothing , and yet he beats you down !
tr	I	It shocked him to the core and * Devlin gave Karl the bad news .
tr	I	It tickles me mercilessly and he darts a kiss behind my ear .
tr	I	Franco didn 't quicken his torturous caresses , but she wiggled impatiently .
tr	I	It was dead , as cold as ash , or love was either there , hot as fire .
tr	I	You 've done a wonderful job with Blackie , and you 're an excellent rider , too .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to tell Miss Tick that , but in fact , Tiffany was a bit surprised at not crying .
tr	O	I wipe away his tear with my thumb and I do the only thing I can think to do because I have no idea what to say .
tr	I	The surface of the puzzle seemed solid , yet it looked like the cat was diving into a pool of water .
tr	I	I was just realizing it and my best friend was gone .
tr	O	Mom walks in without knocking , and I hide the test behind my back .
tr	I	They passed only a handful of locals using the road , and the fields on either side were bare , flecked by patches of snow .
tr	O	His arms were crossed over his chest and he had a smirk on his face .
tr	O	Ruth tried to hold me back from the other prisoners , emphasizing that I was useless if I were hurt , and I needed to be careful .
tr	I	Suddenly he 's striding toward me , reducing the space between us in an instant and rage consumes him .
tr	I	I realised he was being sincere and his face was full of hope .
tr	I	The bolt was a good , sturdy one , too , and it had been locked with a key from the outside .
tr	O	He 'd explained his relationship with Nan to me , but I wasn 't sure I completely believed him .
tr	O	The place was filled with the chatter of the rest of the patients , and the few healers tending to them .
tr	I	I have always understood that defeat may be glorious , and I have heard songs of many battles .
tr	O	He hadn 't fed that day , and the hunger was riding him hard .
tr	I	They won 't fall , but tears prick my eyes .
tr	I	The carpet looked it and the hallway smelled moldy .
tr	O	The earth shook with the release of that power , groaned at the destruction that had been unleashed upon it , but the act was irrevocable .
tr	I	She laced her fingers together , and her face cleared a little .
tr	I	I 'm not sure deep down I mean it , but I say that .
tr	O	I don 't want to cry out , but I have never felt pain like this .
tr	O	Then she looked shyly up at Donovan , clearly wanting to say something , but she was unsure .
tr	O	The animal already had relaxed noticeably , same for mine , and neither of our four-legged friends were the worse for wear .
tr	O	I tried to pull my hand away , but he held on tight .
tr	I	The only thing that moved was her heart , and all she could do was stare at that brick .
tr	O	I strained to listen for any sound in the house , but for such an old house it was oddly quiet .
tr	I	Hearing the suggestion from my stage manager makes my task tonight feel all the more necessary , but I 'd certainly thought of that myself .
tr	O	As Claire removed Carrie 's drape , she turned to welcome her next client , but it was her sister .
tr	I	I 'm happy too , and she reads this smiling .
tr	O	Still , she hated betraying Isaac in her last moments , but she couldn 't - wouldn 't - allow him to ruin his life for her .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure what , but he knew I was something .
tr	O	He 'd thought that woods were woods and he wouldn 't be affected by returning , especially at a different time of the day .
tr	I	I 've never heard the language before , but then it speaks .
tr	O	He stormed the few paces to her , but Lance reacted quickly , stepping between them .
tr	O	They quizzed him about his trip and he answered them like he was really visited his Aunt Sophie which felt more like a dream to him .
tr	O	They stumbled backward against the side of a building , and Julia finally understood why people risked everything for this .
tr	O	An attractive brunette asked me if I 'd be willing to tutor her , and some guy gave me a high-five hand slap .
tr	I	First she had to understand what exactly was going on , but now she had to fix things .
tr	O	Then , Lea attempted with a right hook , but again , Tania dodged by moving with the punch .
tr	O	His plan was going nowhere fast and time was slipping by .
tr	I	He swore not to tell a soul , and he knew that Ben beat Mum up .
tr	I	Confidant was dead and she couldn 't believe Domenico 's old friend .
tr	I	My legs felt weak and my heart slammed against my chest .
tr	I	Carter was their man , and the Bureau were leading the inquiries .
tr	I	His eyes went silver gray , and Fur burst across his bare chest , his face elongated into a muzzle .
tr	I	I kissed her again , couldn 't stop , and it set me reeling .
tr	O	Steps echoed through the hall and I felt my smile evaporate .
tr	O	Tears were streaming down my face and I cried out in pain from my mother 's words .
tr	I	He put it away with some ceremony and I didn 't press him for details .
tr	O	The thought shouldn 't nag him , but there was something he couldn 't quite put his finger on .
tr	O	Viggo 's voice was calm but I sensed the underlying contempt .
tr	O	She said this with a soft smile , and her eyes sparkled with mischief .
tr	I	Once I tell them my name , they fit me right in , but I don 't have an appointment .
tr	I	She was able to get enough of a hold to lift herself onto the roof but her fingers scrambled for purchase on the slippery shingles .
tr	I	I brought my hand up to stop him , but he leaned in to me .
tr	O	The bite was a little too big and I began to choke a little .
tr	I	When she was up getting a vase to contain them he opened the little book he had given her , and Jesse handed the flowers to Ruby .
tr	O	I roll him over to check his pulse , but his neck 's chopped open , the front of his blackened shirt darkly stained .
tr	O	Heat burned in his blue eyes , but his lips curved in a smile .
tr	I	My feet are cold and my head is all hot .
tr	O	Balthasar waved to his companions and the group paced towards the dusty road , meandering uphill between the rocks .
tr	O	Many of his men were dead ; but it could have been much worse .
tr	O	The last time I 'd seen him on the train swirled through my mind , and my weakness unnerved me .
tr	O	The girls pitched in and they soon had the table set .
tr	O	My stomach rumbled as I walked home and I realized it was because I 'd forgotten to eat earlier .
tr	I	Some even held on to the gravestones like they were life vests , and carved angels in the Gatlin graveyard held on to every kind of flower .
tr	I	In others , insecurities plagued her , especially when it came to relationships , and in some areas of her life confidence flowed through her .
tr	I	She had done two thirds of the way , leaving another third of the way to go and 40 minutes have passed .
tr	O	They were still safely out of range of the light , but she knew as well as he did what it meant .
tr	I	Now I would be lost forever , nothing more than a vampire 's stooge and I had just found myself .
tr	I	Once again he blocked her path , but she tried to sidestep him again .
tr	I	Her parents took her to the top of Grandfather Mountain and she remembered the time she was small .
tr	I	She will take care of you , and this is my housekeeper , Mathilde .
tr	O	Callie 's smile was warm , and his chest tightened with emotion .
tr	I	Her eyes drifted back to his , and Lance smiled again .
tr	O	The orange chicken mixed with the chow mein was his favorite , but he only made it through half the food before he began to feel nauseated .
tr	I	Your father is a well-known man , and your mother is a very prominent woman in this town .
tr	O	I know a place where the creature can be well tended and you can get an education .
tr	O	She listened for the sound of sheep , huddled in the fields but they too had gone .
tr	O	She twisted , and then they faced it together .
tr	O	Denny is in his early fifty 's , and he 's seen a lot from me in the past ten years .
tr	I	Years of experience with the opposite sex told him that she probably had an incredible figure hiding underneath that dress , but he wasn 't sure .
tr	I	My memory was as fuzzy as the Christmas lights through the wet windows , but I tried to remember .
tr	I	I darted around the blaze and flames spread across the ground .
tr	O	He kept an eye on the door -- my escape route -- trying to pace , but the cord wouldn 't let him .
tr	O	She let Jeff know she would be late , and he offered to wait until she was done .
tr	O	I surged forward , but Fabian held me firm .
tr	O	He sustained a head injury in the attacks and we have lost hope that he will fully recover .
tr	O	The boy fell to the ground , completely still this time , but his handiwork of fire still ate at the walls .
tr	I	They 're not the boss of you anymore , but your parents are the ones who decided on in-patient rehab .
tr	O	It shook as she stepped on it , and she wondered if it 'd bear her weight without pulling away from the building .
tr	O	I picked up laughter -- thin , wicked laughter -- in the distance , and my body turned rigid .
tr	I	The keypad lock held the door secure , but the padlock released .
tr	I	The front door finally opens and a half hour goes by .
tr	O	Rebecca might have been a mere acquaintance for all her mother 's warmth , but at least someone had greeted them .
tr	O	Beth shrieked , shaking the doll , and Ben seemed to go even paler .
tr	O	She slept only with one angel , and the rest were all human consorts .
tr	I	I could see they took up half the third floor , but we didn 't go into David 's quarters .
tr	O	she called after me but I didn 't stop .
tr	I	A gun they think will have your fingerprints on the trigger and they 've found a dead man with his head blown off .
tr	I	Now even the sound of it was fading away , but she was still talking .
tr	I	We walked out , and I turned back around .
tr	O	Spring had arrived in Kent , and the night sky was unusually clear , with stars twinkling overhead .
tr	I	You must carry the ideas in symbols ... but you can carry ideas through the gat .
tr	I	Rhona shoved her spear into his eye and the one closest to her spun around .
tr	O	At least in hell a person could find evidence of exciting vices , but none of those could be seen in this pitiful excuse for a place .
tr	O	He finished his tea alone and she didn 't even move .
tr	O	The desertification of much of North America has caused massive food shortages nationwide and I know that I should be thankful for what I have .
tr	I	Angrily shooting down at the stairs and they were fully armed .
tr	O	I don 't even know , and honestly , I don 't want to find out .
tr	I	I jammed the cameras and they weren 't looking for me .
tr	O	She didn 't look happy , but she was managing .
tr	I	Come on , the man was a priest , but I 'm not particularly religious .
tr	I	I was safe , and he was locked up .
tr	I	Someday he would kill him if he didn 't get out of there and he swore that he hated his father .
tr	O	She 's trusted me a lot lately and our relationship has been heating up immensely .
tr	O	Ellen stood ready to dive in to the room and Caleb was behind Karl ready to go in on his signal .
tr	O	I 've wondered about this for years , but without Caretakers to explain everything to me , I always just assumed it would never make sense .
tr	I	He finally left , and Avery offered none .
tr	O	I 've never done any drugs , yet I was having horrible hallucinations .
tr	O	They were the only two people left in the theatre and the cleanup crew was coming in with their garbage bags .
tr	O	Those still living should have tried to run , but they just kept trying to get to Sabine .
tr	O	They might have resolved their issues , but he was the last person she wanted to see right then .
tr	O	This time there were only two robed girls , and I saw them standing hand in hand .
tr	O	He removed the cover sheet from over him and all the bruises were gone .
tr	I	It was good , and Conner let me take mine first .
tr	O	Hell , that might still happen , but an anchor would reduce the likelihood .
tr	I	We squeezed through and he opened it just a little wider .
tr	O	Adams could guess what was coming , but the implied intimidation was a surprise .
tr	O	The talisman danced beneath my fingers , and I yanked them away .
tr	I	One is the Temple of the Great Jaguar and Temple II is the Temple of the Moon .
tr	I	The elevator doors did not open , but she pushed the red emergency button .
tr	O	I knew that the binding spell was forbidden by witches who worked in a coven , but it was clear from her attitude that Arianna worked alone .
tr	O	Marc went off to talk with his people , and I went off in search of a new cell phone .
tr	I	I would also have to touch up my hair and I would have to do my eye makeup at work .
tr	I	He finally nodded his head toward his Rover , but Rush didn 't look as if he understood .
tr	I	She trembled in his arms and her own eyes widened for a moment .
tr	O	We are alive , but we 're never allowed to live .
tr	O	All her guests were comfortable with each other and they enjoyed being together .
tr	I	That he himself had failed to notice , but he supposed those details had been said at some point .
tr	O	I had never been in more danger , and yet I had never felt so safe .
tr	I	His curiosity took over and all of his imaginations ceased .
tr	I	A traitorous part of her heart opened to him , and she was grateful for the privilege .
tr	O	It clicked off and she blinked a few times , trying to erase the white spots that danced across her vision .
tr	I	The commotion grew and Kathy cussed .
tr	I	They never left it unattended and the Red Hollows had fought hard for their place here .
tr	I	I am one of them , and you have few champions , Louisa .
tr	O	I went back to Anji to live there , but the urge was calling .
tr	O	He wanted to know the location of the trees , and what kind of trees were they ?
tr	I	She 'd spoken up before he could utter a word , but he 'd been about to say yes , he 'd directed all of her actions .
tr	I	Margie walked into them and Lydia opened her arms .
tr	I	She smiled back and he smiled .
tr	I	Then a new sob rushed in , but her mouth wobbled into a smile .
tr	I	My eyes occupied and I asked Clare , trying to keep my mind .
tr	O	For the umpteenth time , I tried to touch him , but once again my fingers passed through his cheek .
tr	O	Legend has it that these trees were created when the world began and they are what give life to the forest .
tr	I	That made her suspicious , and the tea was dark , so dark that she couldn 't see the bottom .
tr	I	He was tall , but really , he was too young to serve .
tr	O	He was staring straight ahead and the somber look was back .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure , but I would find out .
tr	I	It also needs to be someone he trusts immensely , but this position is important .
tr	O	I knew this already but I let him continue .
tr	I	The wound in his temple throbbed with pain , and it vibrated inside Michael 's skull .
tr	O	Panic rose in Amira , and she burst into tears .
tr	O	He didn 't move any closer , but I felt the tension jump between us .
tr	I	I was beginning to imagine a future when I would no longer miss him at all but my future was blurry , yes , .
tr	O	They came in and we made our way up to my room .
tr	O	Finally the Roman Emperor himself , Septimus Severus , came to Britain to subdue the Scottish tribes , but even he never penetrated our strongholds .
tr	I	Catherine was in but Dad was out .
tr	I	I couldn 't help noting it , but I didn 't point this out .
tr	I	They probably wouldn 't help her , and she didn 't know anyone here besides the people she 'd met at the party .
tr	I	There was nothing unusual in that , but she wasn 't wearing any makeup .
tr	I	I let out a low cry , and my chin bobs against my chest .
tr	O	Somebody was in danger , terrible danger - and he knew this voice !
tr	O	They were the only comfort each of them had , and he was responsible for them .
tr	I	I held out the blanket so we could share it and she sat down next to me .
tr	O	Again there were items unknown to the three so Bob made note of those , and he was next so chapter two was his to dig in .
tr	O	Several more giggles erupted from her side of the class , but before I could say anything , Lesa shot the blonde a look .
tr	O	From this vantage point the dome was formidable and it spoilt the pristine view of the mountain range .
tr	O	Misty darted under the darkness , but it was too intense after the first few feet out of the sunshine for her to see anything .
tr	I	He wondered if it might work for him now and it was a look that Theo liked .
tr	O	My experience during the War must have been in my favour , but it would not surprise me if Paul had again spoken up for me .
tr	O	I yelled , but he was already through the doors .
tr	O	Something crashed behind us and he jumped to his feet , shoving me behind him .
tr	O	Your mind is suddenly razor sharp , but your body seems to slow down .
tr	O	We inserted ' A ' team over a month ago but there 's no talking to them for the time being .
tr	O	She knew the madness of her fear , but the knowledge did not lessen it .
tr	O	One of his hands found its way to my sex and my legs widened shamelessly at his unspoken command .
tr	I	The old man didn 't say another word , but he half expected Cutter to keep talking , start telling what he knew .
tr	I	At this point I couldn 't think of any other way onboard , but it was an odd shot .
tr	O	Patience was not his strong suit , but for Emma he would be tolerant .
tr	O	She was obviously worried about their future and he wasn 't good with words .
tr	O	She was sure the motion detectors were going crazy and yet Neil hadn 't called .
tr	I	He dressed old , but he looked young .
tr	O	Luther formed the faintest smile and he looked straight at me .
tr	O	Christopher began a retort , but Jake cut him off .
tr	I	There was nothing he could do , but Cory was not happy about it .
tr	I	Then kissed her with a burning passion , and he tangled his hand into her hair , bringing her head down .
tr	I	Anita elbowed me in the ribs , and we had just walked through the door .
tr	I	Jessica 's stomach tingled , and the town limit flashed by .
tr	O	They can see clearly , and they 're still waiting .
tr	I	My makeup job apparently hadn 't been good enough , which I did not , but she kept her voice down , which I appreciated .
tr	I	Eric would keep his ear out , but it wouldn 't land in Las Vegas until late in the evening .
tr	I	There was honor in that , and I was his wife .
tr	I	I shall run into his open jaws , and ' Free me !
tr	O	He took her face in his hands and a sunburst went off in Karou 's chest .
tr	O	Kylie sensed the spirit 's pain , her remorse , but she couldn 't deny feeling a bit of reprieve from the confession .
tr	O	* * * * Cass had beaten her to the game room and was already in his chair when Joanna dashed past behind his seat .
tr	I	I was ready to finish up the semester and the last week of school was upon us .
tr	O	I enjoy watching the beautiful women but the rest of it is not to my liking .
tr	O	The doorbell sounded and before Elise could answer , Maverick strolled into the room , looking about as debonair as she 'd ever seen him .
tr	O	The feast had begun and the food was abundant .
tr	O	He suspected that no one took Kellerman 's research seriously , or else he 'd offered to pay a lot of money to use the run-down facility .
tr	O	My heart pounded in my chest as I waited for him to respond , but he wouldn 't say a word .
tr	O	The color mounted into Iris 's cheeks , and she brought her eyes back to her driving .
tr	O	She tried to intervene with the bomb , but it was already beyond her reach .
tr	O	Valerie happened to be there at the time , and she recognized the weariness in Colby 's face .
tr	O	There are boards that pave the way to the other side and the floor sways underneath my feet as I step onto it .
tr	O	I wanted to say more but he was so upset I was scared of what he would do .
tr	O	A clock on the wall moved onwards in silence but Steve could see little change in the room beneath .
tr	I	It only lasts for half a second but my gut tenses as those dark irises turn to appraise me .
tr	O	My heart continues to race and my breathing is becoming faster .
tr	I	The two hideous guards came marching round to his side and he clapped his hands twice .
tr	I	Kelly began to feel some sense of normalcy for the first time in a long while , and the rest helped her body restore itself .
tr	O	Professors congratulated their students , and everyone gravitated toward their groups , making plans for the weekend .
tr	O	She was doing her best to care about what Jake was saying , but it was hard .
tr	I	It was very quick , but his mind was unformed .
tr	O	He swung his fist at me and I leaped out of the way .
tr	I	I can respect that , but he was always sarcastic .
tr	I	It is a stone , after all , and the Orb was very discontented with him .
tr	I	It wasn 't , but I opened the refrigerator , half hoping it would be fully stocked .
tr	I	We are inside a shop of some kind and Cat opens it .
tr	O	Her words sound right , but it feels wrong .
tr	I	I felt pretty stupid and I really couldn 't explain what had happened .
tr	I	He was already gazing down at me with open , questioning eyes , and I looked up at him .
tr	O	Maddy 's here to relieve you , but you have to finish your shift .
tr	I	He meant to keep it , and Anon made a promise to the Elf King .
tr	I	She wanted meat and it was Thursday .
tr	I	It was all I could give , but simple acknowledgement didn 't belong in that revered group .
tr	O	It 's the teacher 's edition , so it looks a little different than yours , but it 's all there .
tr	I	I smiled anyway , but I didn 't think any of that was meant to be a compliment .
tr	O	Katie 's face broke into a wide grin and she clapped her hands together .
tr	I	Percy hold her down , but Patty wanted to raise her hand .
tr	I	Knowing the inevitable was coming , yet she still hadn 't told her father , hiding Ian 's absence as best as she could .
tr	I	He crawled forward and Bastien 's head suddenly appeared on the other side of the bed .
tr	I	He wanted her , too and she wanted him so bad .
tr	O	I smoothed his shirt and he straightened my hair .
tr	O	She was from Georgia , and passionately fond of tomatoes .
tr	I	She was even more aware of the man watching TV on her couch than Kate was , but Jane did her best to act indifferent .
tr	I	He was having difficulty not breaking down , and his thoughts were swirling .
tr	O	Four robots occupied the back end , and another one was driving the vehicle .
tr	O	He glanced over but she refused to answer .
tr	I	The fire snake slammed into the ground where she had just been a second earlier and she rolled out of the way .
tr	O	He knew something was wrong with him , but he trusted none of them .
tr	O	The mother was already asleep , but he urged her to drift deeper into its clutches .
tr	I	Now she was certain that her suspicions are true , but Selena had some vague guesses before .
tr	I	His eyes held the relish of a warrior facing a worthy opponent and the horse knew what he was going to be doing .
tr	I	I knew it wasn 't good , but Persephone stared at me , her eyes burning with something I couldn 't identify .
tr	I	My lips yearn to be touched , and I stare at his cocoa eyes .
tr	I	We 'd both get punished and she would wait .
tr	I	The car pulled forward and the second door opened .
tr	O	The tension left her body and she slumped down in her seat .
tr	I	Colette thought hard , and I asked curiously .
tr	I	Kenneth Callahan blocked her path , but she turned to walk away .
tr	I	Celeste got there first but Howie almost knocked over Dianna in his rush to get to Alex 's side .
tr	O	Sadness drowned me like frozen lake water and I couldn 't catch my breath .
tr	O	The fire has exhausted its fuel , and the flicker of light gradually diminishes .
tr	O	As they came around toward the sunset , he could see the primary star and it was not the right color .
tr	I	He knew he had his work cut out for him , and she still hadn 't so much as glanced at him .
tr	O	She hadn 't said anything when Shana was involved with Brad , and she wouldn 't interfere now .
tr	O	A couple are still waiting for passports to go home , but they 'll have them soon enough .
tr	I	Her fingers start fumbling with my belt buckle and she 's panting into my mouth .
tr	I	I melted against the ground , feeling wonderful y overwhelmed , and his lips planted tiny kisses from my ear to my col ar bone .
tr	O	He didn 't say anything more , but he didn 't have to .
tr	O	Kay looked at her aunt , surprised by her words , but before she could respond , her father entered the room .
tr	I	A chance should that happen and give them a life .
tr	I	Word got out , but Recruiting got difficult so the company tried to keep talk of the deaths down .
tr	O	His expression turned deadly and he gritted his teeth .
tr	O	I 'm afraid I 'll start crying , and I don 't want to do that .
tr	I	He blew by everyone in the left lane , but there was the usual heavy dose of traffic .
tr	I	It was too dark to see much of anything else but he could see a man standing at the back rail .
tr	O	She would kill , and it would feel so good .
tr	O	The marshals dropped me , and I went down on my knees , hard .
tr	O	It did not bring the blood to her cheeks , but it sent it away from her lips .
tr	O	The noise of their approach woke Zac , and he stirred .
tr	I	He stared at Emma with twinkling , unblinking hazel eyes , and Thayer laughed louder than necessary .
tr	I	Swimsuits were always dangerous ground , but I tried not to let it bother me .
tr	I	He quickly returned and the first such excursion proved quiet .
tr	O	She 'd gotten it coloured the other day , and she didn 't know if she liked it .
tr	O	The next time I saw her she was no longer wearing her engagement ring , but I didn 't blame her for this .
tr	I	He was down now , but Sir Richard was furious .
tr	I	She was the only parent I 'd ever need , and I had my mother .
tr	O	Several cars came and the party grew just as the level of voices did .
tr	I	He couldn 't miss the sound , but since he was watching the door the whole time , he missed the visuals .
tr	I	He nodded stiffly , but Michael 's lips thinned .
tr	I	I had to help her up the stairs and she was pretty plastered .
tr	I	Competition might have been an understatement , and Jon knew the man 's reputation .
tr	O	Tyler 's clothes were piled on the top of one of the washers and she stood there wrapped up tight in the terry robe .
tr	O	The saw tore deeper , and I felt blood running down my legs .
tr	O	Tears began to stream down my face and I lunged toward Marshall .
tr	I	Watching , but he was watching the family he 'd done everything in the world to keep safe .
tr	O	Her hair blew about her face too , and Tessa was reminded how young Charlotte was .
tr	O	Liam covered his face with his hands and Connor placed a hand on his shoulder .
tr	I	You take the coach all the way home , and I 'll walk across the fields .
tr	I	I quickly held my hand still , but I was about to touch it .
tr	O	College would have been exactly where I wanted to go next but there was no way that was in the cards for me .
tr	O	Then her mother had married her stepfather , and now no one wanted to say anything to her .
tr	I	That 's when the clarity hits , and our emotions are reflections of one another .
tr	I	Not something I would go out of my way to avoid , but it wasn 't unpleasant , a little uncomfortable perhaps .
tr	I	No thanks are necessary , and your welfare comes before my own .
tr	O	I thought she might have been slightly insane , but hitting upon a truth that I hadn 't recognized before .
tr	O	Joey asked what the hell was wrong , but I just shrugged .
tr	O	The Twins approached , casting long shadows over Sarah , and then they were upon her .
tr	O	Nothing was written on it but as Ivor had just directed I needed to look inside so that 's what I did .
tr	O	Lindy 's voice cut into his musings , and he lifted his gaze to meet hers .
tr	O	She hadn 't had enough practice to do it herself , but she remembered his instructions .
tr	O	Possibilities raced through his mind , but they all seemed to hit a depressing dead end .
tr	I	We 'll hunt that damn Bear until we find it and we leave this morning .
tr	I	I didn 't care , and eyes were on me .
tr	I	Even her favorite chocolate truffles had lost their appeal and Sleep was hard won .
tr	I	She nodded , and her eyes remained closed .
tr	O	Then he slid one hand around her , burrowed between her thighs , found her clit , rubbed once , twice , and she exploded .
tr	I	This kept McBride awake , and Ben was snoring quietly .
tr	O	He looked it slowly over , but he saw nothing .
tr	I	We climbed in the back seat of the car , and once he gave me the go ahead , I went outside .
tr	O	I 'll always take care of my family , but I 've never gone out looking for women who need to be saved .
tr	O	Her shirt had risen slightly and his hand lay on her bare midriff .
tr	O	My clothes were covered in blood and it was not mine .
tr	O	He was a cop , and cops are trained to notice things .
tr	O	Practice was practice and I was the team captain here .
tr	O	Her voice was sarcastic , but her smile only widened .
tr	I	His reply was as hard as ever , but Louisa saw him draw one quick breath .
tr	I	I exhaled , and I looked at the little guy in front of me , who looked excited at the prospect of starting school .
tr	I	I don 't want to be on the other end of it , and she 's got an angry gleam in her eye .
tr	I	It was too late , but the phantom tried to halt its forward charge .
tr	I	She glared right back and Matt glared at her .
tr	I	The airstrip 's already locked up by Flattery 's boys but they tell us we 're going by air .
tr	O	If he worked at it , he could see the truth of her age and it was like Ruth wasn 't even his mother anymore .
tr	I	Their talk turned to the farm , and it seemed to satisfy the other .
tr	O	He thought of apologizing for not answering the phone earlier , but he wasn 't sorry .
tr	I	Derrick tried the fish and I opted for the venison .
tr	O	His back was hunched as he sat on the edge of the lounge chair , and suddenly I had another idea .
tr	O	Keeping my head tucked low , I ran to Lena , and I told her how glad I were she were safe .
tr	O	If Callie gets a liver , Callie thought , but she didn 't have the energy to say it .
tr	O	Once we were alone again , his fierce countenance faded and he leaned back with a sigh .
tr	O	She was seeing with another part of her , not her eyes , and the colors remained in her mind .
tr	O	He tasted like spice and she couldn 't get enough of his hands on her .
tr	O	The panels were placed far apart and each was about twenty feet long , giving the room an open quality that Colton found very inviting .
tr	I	The man ran into the woods , and it had the desired reaction , though .
tr	I	Everyone gets to chill out , and there 's no lessons .
tr	I	They piled into the backseat and Gregor flagged down a cab .
tr	I	He didn 't like smoking in a bar , but he didn 't know why .
tr	O	You feel much too large and I don 't seem to be feeling whatever it is I 'm supposed to be feeling .
tr	O	His glasses were askew on his nose , and it gave him a slightly manic look .
tr	O	He could feel the tension inside her , but she refused to act on it .
tr	O	I had no idea what was going on , but I didn 't want to ask Carrie in front of them .
tr	O	His hair picks up the color from a blue spotlight up above , and it highlights him in an otherworldly way .
tr	I	They all connected with me one after the other and he explained to the rest of the offense what needed to be done .
tr	I	No one spoke when it was over , and no one breathed for fifteen seconds .
tr	I	Shelton wouldn 't be surprised and Sounds like the whole back wall is falling apart .
tr	O	Three doors opened and three policemen stepped out .
tr	O	The handle slapped the water , and the box danced away .
tr	O	I apologized for not having gone after her and Mrs. Ellen said it was fine .
tr	O	For some odd reason , I was expecting her to say Mirror Image , but she didn 't .
tr	O	I taste only what he tastes and I smell only what he smells .
tr	I	Wrung her hands and his mother paced .
tr	O	Our gazes locked and a weird , tight tension pulled between us .
tr	O	I felt regret , but I knew an apology included a desire to change the behavior .
tr	I	Most of them didn 't seem to mind , but it was long , bloody labor .
tr	O	The economy was not working in favors of the local farmers and times were hard .
tr	I	The entire world would follow , and Henry , however , would be the first person Cronus ripped apart .
tr	O	Light peeked through the cracks in the blinds , but he 'd only been sleeping for three-and-a-half hours .
tr	O	I thanked her again , and we left the salon .
tr	I	I figured a guy like Phelps was chronically late , but half an hour earlier than planned .
tr	O	Okay , so she noticed , but it didn 't mean anything .
tr	O	She was still alive , and it was all her fault .
tr	I	Chagall was a new experience and dining beneath an original Picasso .
tr	I	Also something Ainsley didn 't understand and his eyes held anger .
tr	I	She dismissed that very firmly , but they , of course , wanted to know how it was going with Fletcher .
tr	O	I know Mister is dead and I think Joshua is too .
tr	O	Emily wanted to say that money didn 't matter to her , but since she 'd always had to think about money , it definitely did .
tr	O	His hands released hers but he didn 't let her go .
tr	I	No ordinary owl should have been out hunting in the daytime , and that particular form of attack is highly unusual for the snowy owl .
tr	O	It all seemed so real and I was helpless to stop any of it .
tr	O	Cassie waited until he stopped struggling , and his eyes clouded over , before she ripped her lucky stake free .
tr	I	I froze , and my heart stopped in my chest .
tr	I	She was on her feet in seconds , racing across the room to her brother , and Will rol ed sideways , freeing her .
tr	I	Those closest to him noticed something that he may not have but Thomas trained hard as usual .
tr	I	Then I was seated , and our footsteps echoed against a hardwood floor .
tr	O	Planning for my eventual banishment was the best thing I could have ever done , but it meant that I always knew he would eventually do so .
tr	O	The train began to slow almost immediately after I glanced away , and I quickly looked up again .
tr	O	The tallest man had a hand on the emergency handle , but suddenly the jet started to level off .
tr	O	He traced the delicate scales around Bambi 's nostrils , and when I shivered , his gaze lifted , snaring mine .
tr	O	Logan punches me in the arm , and I turn to look at him .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure how to feel , and my heart was running marathon again .
tr	I	The second LED turned green , and he punched in a code .
tr	I	Sorrow had overwhelmed her and she wept as if she would never stop , as if regret .
tr	I	I had to , but I didn 't want to continue swimming .
tr	I	He hadn 't tried again , and she hadn 't called back .
tr	O	She asks me and I don 't exactly know how to answer that .
tr	I	I don 't want to seem desperate , but I can 't afford to say no .
tr	O	The brave were drawn to do such things , but as I mentioned , I was not brave .
tr	O	he asked , and she shrugged .
tr	O	The scent of dying leaves filled the air , and a cool breeze caressed my cheeks .
tr	I	Perhaps that was just my imagination , but I 'm sure some sparkle of gold flew between our mouths .
tr	I	Its brightness was too great , but he looked into the sun .
tr	O	She would kick herself if anything happened to her Gran and she wasn 't there .
tr	I	The freezers of frozen goods are and we run along to the last aisle , where the dairy fridges .
tr	I	They wore special tags on their jackets , and only experienced skiers were allowed to ski Little Hellion .
tr	I	Got pulled off her feet by the handcuffs linking them together and Kai wasn 't as fast .
tr	O	Emily grabbed Michael 's hand and they stepped back outside .
tr	O	He winked at her , and she realized he was telling her to let it go .
tr	I	Max watched as color began to seep back into her face , and she placed her hands on it , closed her weary eyes .
tr	O	His body tingled from head to toe , and his head felt like it was spinning .
tr	I	It was lion versus lioness , and Edward shifted , too , as they closed on each other .
tr	O	I wanted to check his head wound , but there was no time .
tr	O	Her heart raced and her breathing erratic .
tr	I	They were searching , and I met his eyes .
tr	O	James doesn 't hold my hand , and I don 't reach for his .
tr	O	My father is saying , Out of the question , and my mother says , Imagine how that would look .
tr	O	He used his good looks to get what he wanted , and today that had meant getting around her .
tr	I	He sounded more pleased than concerned , but the guy said .
tr	O	She arched on the bed , and he knew he had her .
tr	I	As far as I was concerned it was none of his business , but I couldn 't blame Robert for wanting to know about my past .
tr	O	Masculine arms wrapped around her and Eve struggled briefly before absorbing the familiar scent of his skin into her lungs .
tr	I	Katie bounded in that direction to answer it , and the telephone in the living room rang sharply .
tr	O	Knox 's father had been the last quartermaster to attempt the feat , and he 'd succeeded .
tr	O	I motioned for him to move them away , but he deliberately ignored me .
tr	I	My breath hitched in my throat , and James swallowed .
tr	O	They all got ready together and Derek insisted on taking his car in the morning .
tr	O	The voice was unfamiliar , and the order was unusual .
tr	I	If I missed I 'd be an easy target , and I 'd get only one shot .
tr	I	He had to get Stewart first but he knew he had to get back to the Conduit .
tr	I	It seemed I was confirming whatever their worst suspicion had been and I felt them look at each other .
tr	I	His finger hadn 't pulled the trigger , but Reid was responsible .
tr	O	Pickford watched him go then took the top of the box off and Daniel saw what had his money had bought .
tr	I	It was fascinating , from a scientific standpoint , but the countess failed the attempt .
tr	O	I know you fear you will lose yourself by being with me , but that would be impossible .
tr	I	It felt good and it felt different .
tr	O	Our purpose is grounded in the martial economy and the purpose of the martial economy is power .
tr	O	Jason managed to cover his smile , but his eyes still shone with humor .
tr	O	He 's been doing some research , but nothing like you has ever existed .
tr	I	A void had opened in her stomach , and she couldn 't seem to get her breath .
tr	I	I looked around for Reina and we walked back into the gym .
tr	I	Definitely never that rudely , and I 'd never seen him push anyone away .
tr	I	When two more people showed up , standing behind Jess , she wondered what would happen when the elevator doors opened and the minutes moved like hours .
tr	I	Both of his front legs are clearly broken , and he is lying on his side , panting .
tr	O	The door opened , and he somehow managed to remove the key without breaking it off in the lock .
tr	I	Something was not right here , but I didn 't know what .
tr	I	A gush of water raced up to meet the falling gemstone , and Finn raised his hand with his palm facing down also .
tr	O	Angus let out a bark of laughter , and the snoring in the back suddenly stopped .
tr	O	He felt claustrophobic in the soupy stuff , and he hated the insidious whispers coming from inside the fog .
tr	O	Her heart gripped and Kylie real y wished she knew his name so she could help him .
tr	O	I ran my fingers lightly over the ridged scars on his chest and he shivered .
tr	O	Archers had drawn their arrows and swordsmen readied their swords as an attack felt imminent .
tr	I	She felt she should warn Gerald , but Tara was about to turn away .
tr	O	His left arm was keeping me firmly clamped against him , and his right arm was , after all , feeding me .
tr	I	It just never seemed the right time , but I wanted to tell you every day .
tr	O	Her cockpit had been reconfigured the way she preferred , and she 'd carefully stowed an assortment of weaponry inside a bulkhead .
tr	I	He hadn 't rolled over either , but maybe he hadn 't committed completely .
tr	O	Gallo looks angry , but he sits down dutifully .
tr	O	The policemen told her she 'd done nothing wrong , but she shook with nerves all the same .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but his chest hair tickled her nose .
tr	I	It was definitely moving and something was there .
tr	O	When she ended the call , it was just before midnight , and I really had felt a little better for a few minutes .
tr	O	The waves had been particularly choppy on this trip and some of the passengers were not feeling up to par today .
tr	O	Mike thrust up one last time , and she heard her name on his lips as he came right along with her .
tr	I	I do the only thing I can do , and Aston raises an eyebrow .
tr	O	You are a strong girl , and you overcame this .
tr	O	Everyone cheered then , and Sakura laughed , tears in her eyes .
tr	O	Nicole 's face crumpled despite all her best efforts , but it didn 't matter as she ran to her .
tr	I	We were long gone and his cabin was empty .
tr	O	It 's the sort of place I 'd love to go to myself , and I 'd have thought it would appeal to a more sophisticated clientele .
tr	I	It didn 't matter , but I didn 't know if he was the same man I heard speaking to Travis earlier .
tr	I	The she-wolf relaxed , and I did the same .
tr	O	I wasn 't the greatest cook in the world , and Carrie 's buttermilk hotcakes were the best I had ever tasted .
tr	O	Jana starts choking on her food , and I quickly thump on her back .
tr	O	Her friends were still barely conscious , but just being near them felt good , nourishing a part of her that had been dormant for months .
tr	O	True , he wanted Sam to know he was her uncle , but he 'd been content to wait until the time was right .
tr	I	If he was out to hurt someone , she didn 't want to be in his path , but if he was harmless , no harm done .
tr	I	Now she wondered if he did so every morn before she woke , but T was the first time she 'd seen him using the scrolls .
tr	O	She quickly attempted to hook him mentally but she paid a small price for that .
tr	O	Vin 's a thin little thing , but when she burns pewter , she grows several times stronger than any normal warrior .
tr	I	My chest tightened , and I thought of Owen .
tr	I	It was too late -- but two hours later , he stepped off the elevator .
tr	I	The feel of Colin 's gaze branding her back , and she started for her work area , ignoring the curious stares .
tr	I	One could never be quite sure , but the girl didn 't look dangerous .
tr	I	He was fully clothed and he had a large gold watch .
tr	O	Josephine focused on closing the flow of power but nothing happened .
tr	I	She was rubbing her elbows and she had folded her arms .
tr	O	He was too scared to try me , and I knew it .
tr	O	I even take out the little handkerchief note , but there are no other words on it .
tr	I	The moment went beyond street theater to touch something true , and a Smetana sonata soared off Mik 's violin strings , achingly sweet .
tr	O	Jess watched him move away and she jumped from the counter .
tr	O	He probably could have gone to any school he wanted because he was good at ball , but he stayed local .
tr	O	I 'm self-supporting , and I can work anywhere .
tr	O	I didn 't mean to do this until we talked , but you were lying there , so beautiful .
tr	I	He barely moved , but she shoved against him .
tr	O	Sylvia leveled her gaze with mine and I gulped .
tr	O	He ran like an athlete and Marcos knew that there was no way he could keep up , let alone catch him .
tr	I	She knew who she was , but Rand might believe what he was saying .
tr	I	When she was through , she was breathing hard , unable to relax , and she hung up without saying good-bye .
tr	O	Caleb did not once look at her as he dragged the cart behind him , but her intuition told her that he was not angry .
tr	I	I saw what I wanted to see , but he told me it wasn 't there .
tr	O	We inched toward the windowsill , but I didn 't touch it .
tr	O	Putting on my coat , Andrew is staring at me and I realize that this change registers with him as well .
tr	I	It was more than I could 've hoped for , and he was mine again at last .
tr	I	Anita was having none of it but I tried my best to say upbeat .
tr	O	She 's silent for an eternity , and I worry I 've said the wrong thing .
tr	O	A hand grabbed my foot and I kicked , gasping as I desperately clawed at the floor .
tr	I	I can 't remember , but I should know the name for it .
tr	O	Spirits find them downright irresistible ; and to get the notice of these people , the spirits will do all kinds of tricks .
tr	I	He had integrity , and he was smart , honest , good-looking .
tr	I	I didn 't bother , but I could have dredged up plenty of traumas of my own .
tr	I	Private ground cars mostly seemed to be for the lower class , but there was a tram that zoomed along at the far lane .
tr	I	We don 't want to go that way , but the quickest way is back towards those flames .
tr	O	She sighed and her shoulders slumped as she turned back around .
tr	O	His bat looked way too big for him , and he was concentrating so hard he was scowling .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to sabotage her , but I may have been jealous of Isabella 's beauty .
tr	I	Three times he noticed the same man , and from time to time he turned suddenly to see a view worth painting .
tr	O	I tired to pull free but he wouldn 't let me .
tr	I	I 'm just so curious , but not that I have a problem with your age .
tr	O	I know it is wrong but I cannot help myself .
tr	O	She climbed up onto the seat and he shut the door behind her .
tr	I	Instead the hushed whispers of Aunt Marilyn met her ears , but Sophie expected to hear her father 's voice .
tr	O	Tears start at the corners of my eyes , but I don 't let myself cry .
tr	I	She would get into trouble , and people would notice , of course .
tr	I	As trust began to build , a friendship was born , but at first their conversations were strained .
tr	O	I wasn 't one to fall asleep after sex , but I seemed to pass out cold after that .
tr	O	She rambled and her voice trailed off .
tr	O	I 've spent nine years answering these questions , and I think Ruth would have been pleased .
tr	O	Lucan was relishing in Amory 's stolen magic and I breathed deeply trying to hold myself together .
tr	I	Some of the controls were not responding , and parts of the simulator were shutting down .
tr	I	She wasn 't an idiot , but Joni may have led a sheltered life .
tr	O	They live somewhere in South Carolina and their last name is Jones .
tr	I	After filling out some paperwork , we see the doctor five minutes later and there is no one else there .
tr	I	I answered anyway , but I wasn 't sure I wanted to talk about this .
tr	O	I was sort of excited that he could like me in that way , but then again , I knew better .
tr	O	As far as plans went , it wasn 't exactly D-day , but it was the best next step .
tr	O	Jem 's fascination with her had put pay to that notion , and in truth he had himself come to care for the girl .
tr	I	He had to throw in one more step , but I was so close to getting the answers I needed .
tr	O	The different women I bring home aren 't working out and although they are sexually satisfying , they leave me desperately wanting more .
tr	O	His lurid accusation intensified the stimulation and I increased my pace until the sensation was unbearable .
tr	I	It was too late , but instantly she looked down at her skates , trying to get back into rhythm .
tr	I	It had already almost pulled up to unload , and he fell into the van more than anything .
tr	I	She was sure it held some meaning she wasn 't able to pick up on , and his gaze was intense .
tr	I	He couldn 't form a coherent thought and Miles ' mouth gaped .
tr	I	It was hard to avoid , especially with Jake sitting behind it , but Kim tried to look anywhere but at that big steel desk .
tr	O	She sat down to read it and she could feel Kevin watching her carefully .
tr	I	The powder blue Mercedes ahead of them let out a chirp , and she squeezed it .
tr	O	We came around some old tables and I saw a young man laying on the floor .
tr	I	He spoke many languages but he was not only a renowned marksman .
tr	I	You know how Fate loves to mess with people , but you won 't believe this ?
tr	I	He left and I patted him on the shoulder .
tr	O	There were a few high profile guests and I merely went to make an appearance .
tr	I	We walk hand in hand and she smiles up at me .
tr	I	Carina could afford the expense and it was the fastest way I knew to win such arguments .
tr	O	He didn 't understand it , but his mother would have wanted him to read it , so in her memory he read it .
tr	I	I had been feeling so good too , and damn .
tr	I	This time it was more stunned than angry , but Disbelief returned to Neil 's features .
tr	O	He did not look like a sick man : but he looked very like a dead one .
tr	I	Reassigning her to protect his own ass was asking for enough trouble as it was , and Continuing anything now was asking for trouble .
tr	I	It backfired , but Bruce thought it was a good idea , too .
tr	I	It 's my turn to hiss and he rocks his h * ps into me .
tr	O	An eternity passed before Bennett took a breath , but I immediately grieved the loss of his tongue .
tr	O	I know you didn 't , but it felt that way .
tr	O	He thoroughly enjoyed the tractors and riding them with Colt .
tr	I	The other was free , but one of her arms was pinned to her side .
tr	I	His lips touched mine , and I lifted my chin .
tr	O	There might be no safety anywhere , but she had to try .
tr	I	It was too blurry but I studied the reflection .
tr	I	There was virtually no chance to pursue the question privately but she wondered about it as they mixed with the others .
tr	I	The fog remained dense , but Eleanor tried to see what she did .
tr	I	His eyes widened as he realized that it was me , and Owen looked to see who the dwarf was waving at .
tr	I	This was something far different , but she expected to find a dark , forgotten room .
tr	O	We 'd merged with the rest of the village , and there 's no better way to become invisible .
tr	O	Looking at him , I search his eyes , but they do not reveal the answer to my unspoken question .
tr	I	I knocked her to the ground and she let go of my hand .
tr	I	He knew he 'd miss her , and he 'd never see her again .
tr	O	Quinton , I mouth as I point to the phone , and her eyes widen as she stops in front of me .
tr	O	The elevation was likewise rising and he started up a short incline .
tr	I	It , too , only lasted a second , but he brushed the back of his hand against my cheek .
tr	I	He let us pass , eying us skeptically and Avalon gave the Guard our names .
tr	O	Maya tried to see what was happening , but the Captain blocked her view .
tr	O	Danni asked , and he shrugged .
tr	O	Carter raised his glass , and Ethan followed his lead .
tr	O	We knew it and the fans knew it .
tr	O	We came to floor 24 within a minute , and my mother led the way down the hallway .
tr	I	He knew about supernaturals , but the doctor was human .
tr	I	I knew he was going to charge Andrew again , and Daemon 's light flared brighter .
tr	I	We began to stroll toward the gardens at the very back of the school property and he gave me a devilish smile .
tr	I	Then they disappeared , and there were small slot windows for a while .
tr	I	She didn 't say anything , but her body tensed at that .
tr	O	From the moment 35 had grabbed 22 's arm she was protesting and he was ignoring her .
tr	I	Her gloved hands reached out to skim over the wound on his neck , and she put down the small light .
tr	O	He tried to sit up , but his right leg was numb .
tr	I	We held hands as we sang and I joined her in the chorus .
tr	I	Now he is a demon , and that caused him to fall .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell for sure because of how dark it was , but he was looking at me with what appeared to be a sheepish expression .
tr	I	He heard her moaning , and her mouth was uncovered .
tr	I	He wasn 't worried about Eric , his grandson - but he was worried about his daughter , our mother .
tr	I	She tried not to shiver , and the metal was cool against her back , even through her leather jacket .
tr	I	By the look on her face , I can tell it 's bad , but I have no idea what I look like .
tr	O	Her voice was soft , but there was no mistaking that she was serious .
tr	O	She followed him across the nave to the transept , and then he climbed into an emptied niche .
tr	O	Her stomach pitched a bit at his question , but she still didn 't understand .
tr	I	I had no answers , but questions filled my mind .
tr	O	He takes the wine , and I plunk myself down on the table in front of him .
tr	O	The whole cohort stopped suddenly , and watchful eyes began to wander all over the place .
tr	O	The party was a yearly tradition , and I never got bothered .
tr	O	It took a few minutes , but soon enough , the second shuttle was fixed .
tr	O	It was cold , too , and I hated the way the blackness felt behind my back , like a net waiting to drop .
tr	O	The engine noise cut slightly and the plane dropped a few metres , interrupting his concentration .
tr	O	His smile widens and he winks .
tr	O	We went into the garage and I got out my toolbox .
tr	I	I felt like one , and I stood up like an old woman .
tr	I	People don 't realize they have it but it 's a very common psychic ability .
tr	O	She bites so easily and her voice snaps a reply to me sometimes before I can even finish what I 'm saying .
tr	O	She whined and grandmother patted the chair beside her .
tr	O	His face was joyful but his tone was serious .
tr	O	She glanced up at us , and I felt a rush of possessiveness .
tr	O	I suppose I could get a job at a fast-food place , but even those aren 't as available as they used to be .
tr	O	That sneaky bastard was already creeping back into my head , consuming me , and my foolish heart just wouldn 't stop loving him .
tr	I	She finally agrees to allow me to help her , but Nicole is a little unsure about playing for us .
tr	O	Michael turned toward the house and Alison followed .
tr	I	I was willing to try , but I didn 't think so .
tr	I	He 's wearing sunglasses and it 's after ten .
tr	O	I didn 't had words to spill , and to repeat amazed was not good enough .
tr	I	Charges dropped and the senator 's son who 'd been arrested for the rape of Vanessa Rothman was released .
tr	O	He caught me in his arms , and it felt like we were connected .
tr	O	Her body was not strong , but filled with a false strength .
tr	I	Something just wasn 't resonating , but there was a definite familiarity .
tr	O	She could still her the commotion from inside the room as the nurses and doctor tried to revive her .
tr	O	His expression darkened , and I ignored the guilt stabbing holes in my chest .
tr	O	A glimmer of want burned deep in his eyes and it sickened me .
tr	O	A team was required and it was built up .
tr	O	I didn 't speak to Gavin at all while we worked and he barely looked at me when we passed one another .
tr	I	UR nose will grow just like Pinocchio 's or U should quit making things up .
tr	I	It made them love him even more and during the night he posted a comment .
tr	O	Lukas smiled , but it was not a smile that would send her heart into hysterics , as Jude 's did .
tr	I	Her words were more like a whimper , but she tried to sound light , funny .
tr	O	The room suddenly started to spin and black spots began to interfere with her vision .
tr	O	Leah had talked me out of an updo and we instead went with something more natural .
tr	O	He was still working on the streets and he needed to look like it .
tr	O	This was the first time he was acting like my Finn , and it was breaking my heart .
tr	O	Her index finger flew at his chest and she heaved back in indignation .
tr	O	He could hear the panic in my voice , but I tried to sound as strong as possible .
tr	O	There 's not much left but you 're welcome to it .
tr	I	I am afraid very few of us would like the whole thing , but each of us would like some bits of it .
tr	O	He knew the truth , and it pissed me off .
tr	O	One phone call led to another , and a former co-worker was located working as a private school guidance counselor .
tr	I	It still bothered me that she hadn 't answered the phone , and she was my friend .
tr	I	Then his arm dropped back to his side , and his thumb moved to my trembling lips .
tr	O	His smile wanes and the heaviness returns .
tr	I	We separated , and the song ended .
tr	I	It never seems to stop , but I thought maybe I 'd get over the craziness .
tr	O	I wandered toward the bathroom , debating the toxicity of the germs in there , but my bladder made the decision for me .
tr	O	His paws were up on me , and he was kissing my face .
tr	I	I 'll drive you back myself , all right , and we 'll just have one drink .
tr	I	She remains vexed , but I grin excitedly .
tr	O	They were a good way off , in a distant valley , but he could see them clearly enough .
tr	I	Slide onto the stool next to him , and I skirt around the kitchen bar , slowly .
tr	I	In order to correct the illusion that he existed , he had been attacked , and that alone had been contradiction .
tr	I	His expression was hard steel as he addressed everyone , and he had gone from pleasure to business in the blink of an eye .
tr	I	She could not but Kira pushed her head against the door , longing to make out the words exchanged .
tr	I	A sudden rush of clarity flooded my body and I heard the door to the stairwell bang open .
tr	O	Within minutes they were back where he had started and Melrose was pouring him a drink .
tr	I	At a time when not much did , that was enough to practically make Sawyer family to her , and Sawyer made me smile .
tr	I	Now he had trouble concentrating on anything , and he had thought of her in bed , the shower , the taxi .
tr	I	He knew that deep pressure could put her to sleep , and he could see the thin blue veins traced here .
tr	I	I 'd have put any number of credits on her fighting , but they might have challenged her .
tr	O	His smile left and his eyes darkened .
tr	I	Red , thin tears dropped to her cheeks , and Imogen looked down .
tr	I	I 'll go somewhere warm , how about that and I 'll tell you what , you help them ?
tr	O	Right now , I don 't think I 'm ready , but this is my choice .
tr	O	I 've never told you , but I 've always thought it .
tr	I	His eyes said something entirely different , but his posture said he didn 't care , not anymore .
tr	O	A sharp pain shot through her head , and she gritted her teeth .
tr	I	They had to be dead by now , but they may still be frozen , immobile statues .
tr	O	He told them this was because no individual is perfect , and in marriage two imperfect people are united .
tr	I	Sarah could tell Mike 's words were a balm to him , but John nodded solemnly .
tr	I	Their interpretation of the same holy books led them to be passive , yet thousands were killed , including many who believed in the same deity .
tr	I	She scowled at him and her head came up .
tr	I	They were walking to school together , and because they went to bed early the previous day , even Megan got up on time .
tr	I	For an instant he was clearly visible , and the crowd shifted .
tr	I	It hurt and I shook my head .
tr	O	They could not tell how many Canadians there were on board , but there were literally hundreds .
tr	O	Any normal army would have thought twice before taking such a road , but the Lok ' Chang mounted the weathered path without hesitation .
tr	I	I should have lied , but I hadn 't said one word that was a lie .
tr	O	* * * Ashe knew it would cost him , and wondered how long it might be before he recovered .
tr	I	I tried to make you see that , too , and I guess I wanted to see it that way .
tr	I	She just waved at me , but I fiercely motioned her back .
tr	I	He found he had no desire to go back , and it had been a while since his last visit .
tr	O	That wasn 't normal and that wasn 't fake , especially not the stench of it ... what was going on ?
tr	I	I unconsciously lean away from her , and a light ignites in her eyes , an eerie , unnatural light .
tr	O	His grip loosened for an instant , and I gained the half inch I needed .
tr	O	She still felt exhausted , but adrenaline helped her somewhat .
tr	O	She perched her hands on her hips and he found the pose damned sexy .
tr	I	Levi was seventeen and judas was sixteen .
tr	O	He pointed to her picture once and that was the last of it .
tr	O	No buffalo to be seen , but at least a pleasant campground .
tr	O	They looked her way as she watched them , and a chill settled deep in Claire 's bones .
tr	I	Stavros looked at his friend with renewed respect , and the meaning behind Damen 's words sunk in .
tr	O	He smiled , and those seductive deep lines suddenly appeared in parentheses from his nose to the corners of his thin , mobile mouth .
tr	I	It failed to register , but a voice said something .
tr	I	These stayed clear of Nathan 's band , but they had seen some locals recently .
tr	O	A silent gasp registered on Emily 's face , but I couldn 't stop her from looking down .
tr	I	Her breath caught , and she looked forward .
tr	I	Kristin bowed her head and the wind kicked up .
tr	O	For a moment , he thought she was gone , but then her hand squeezed his .
tr	I	Then settles on humor , but he hesitates as if weighing what to say .
tr	I	What happened didn 't really matter either way , but I would fight the world until the end out of spite .
tr	I	Her hand abruptly clenched on a tissue , and Iliana looked down at the parchment scrap .
tr	O	He made jokes at my expense and I ignored him .
tr	O	On some level , it made sense to permit new blood , but a favorable decision would never have been reached in the enclave .
tr	I	The best part was I now knew the name of the book she held in her hands and she had come along nicely .
tr	I	Flung myself over the side and * * * * * Chapter Twenty-One I took one step back then dashed forward .
tr	I	I slept all night long , no flash backs , no sweats , no screaming , nothing but pure blissful sleep and eventually I did drift off .
tr	I	I purposely avoid his eyes , and he pulls away from me .
tr	I	There is no way to draw power from a place where none grows , but the design was true .
tr	I	He was good at it , and Grahame Coats truly enjoyed milking the clients of the Grahame Coats Agency .
tr	O	The police met the airplane when they landed and she was taken away in an ambulance .
tr	O	I didn 't mean to sound brusque , but I had nothing left to give him .
tr	O	he asks and I nod .
tr	I	She certainly didn 't want them mistreated , and they were her customers .
tr	I	A pizza pie charm stood out , but I certainly didn 't remember all of them .
tr	I	She gave it a push behind her back , and her blonde hair cascaded down to her hips .
tr	I	It made a real impression on me and I saw it when I was very , very young .
tr	I	Before he could say a word , I cut him off again , but he opened his mouth .
tr	O	I 'm not sure if he 's comforted , but he doesn 't protest further .
tr	O	Colette 's mother once owned a flower shop , and Colette had worked there as a high-school student .
tr	O	She walked down to the bubbling stream not far from her cottage and she knelt by the edge to scoop the water up in her hands .
tr	I	You 'll not regret it I guarantee but you 've sure come a long way for your caffeine fix .
tr	O	The first signs of morning began to show at the sky lightened and the street lights turned off .
tr	O	She tried to keep her eyes averted , but it was impossible to ignore the blood .
tr	O	You 're still their soup du jour but I expect that won 't last more than another week .
tr	I	We 're left with a group of approaching Crawlers and Dev disappears back away from the gates .
tr	I	I had no way of knowing if they ever reached safety , but I sent my wife east on horseback with my infant son .
tr	I	He appeared to be regaining control , but his breathing was still erratic .
tr	O	He felt like he needed to wash his hands , his face , but he did not .
tr	I	She was having some trouble tying her shoe and her fingers trembled .
tr	O	Her arms threaded around his neck , and he deepened the kiss .
tr	I	I didn 't have the heart to fire her , and Marcie hired one without even telling me years ago .
tr	O	My mother begged me to reconsider , but I knew what I wanted to do with my life .
tr	I	It was nearly midday , and he had now been walking for about an hour .
tr	I	I gave myself up to it and Passion radiated between us like a furnace .
tr	I	Even from three feet away I could feel the heat they gave off , and they were glowing red .
tr	I	The metal of the table sprang up around my wrist and he flicked his fingers .
tr	O	We have to find a good name for him , but I 'm not going to think about that now .
tr	O	He had promised Tessa that he would return , but now he found all he wanted to do was escape .
tr	I	I hear him leave the chair and I don 't respond .
tr	O	I see the confusion on her face , but it 's not yet accompanied by fear .
tr	I	He was wrong , but Evan thought there was some secret to happiness .
tr	O	Rob was as close to a friend as she could call a co-worker and she wouldn 't exactly miss the guy .
tr	I	He repeated the question , and I said to Cronus .
tr	I	The images were stark but the signal was poor .
tr	O	Jocelyn knew she could have asked for a light , but she preferred it like this .
tr	O	We 'd clearly have to watch him closer , but judging from the chastised look on Trina 's face , it wouldn 't happen again .
tr	O	When I saw Jonathan 's face I stood , and his eyes lit up when he spotted me .
tr	O	I knew this by the way his energy level had dropped ... and by the way he 'd mumbled those last two words .
tr	I	I 'd still lose him , and he 'd find it unforgivable .
tr	I	Stefan 's was currently attached to his belt , and the pager all employees carried triggered the doorway .
tr	O	She didn 't understand the need that began right there in their worst moment , but it didn 't matter .
tr	O	She emanated happiness , and it looked beautiful on her .
tr	O	Jo-Jo healed you up , and everything 's just fine now .
tr	I	Diego faced him down , but Eric 's eyes widened a little , the blaze of rage startling .
tr	O	Her spirit was free and memory didn 't matter .
tr	I	He froze , and a board creaked under Cy 's feet .
tr	I	I stand blocking Junie , and the steel door creaks open .
tr	I	Kiran took his place next to me and I sat down on the other side of her .
tr	I	Dark fudge piled high atop a pewter plate , and a large tray appeared with ceramic mugs , one frothy pitcher .
tr	I	She understood now , but her head hurt with the effort of keeping up with his explanation .
tr	I	I tried to hide my disappointment , and Jack walked me to my room .
tr	O	We 're not going far , but the streets are like glass .
tr	O	Her skin was tinted green , and she swayed on her feet .
tr	I	We all sat down and I walked inside the rancho with them to the dinner table .
tr	O	Noah glanced at me , dark brows drawn low , and I realized he 'd misinterpreted my silence .
tr	I	We rode on in silence , and he said with a shudder .
tr	I	There 's the danger of losing the others the way you did your friend Morrison and their potential for great violence has already been proven .
tr	O	Ceara was naive and he wanted to keep her that way .
tr	O	The car speeded , and in a couple of seconds they left the square behind .
tr	O	His face was crestfallen and for the first time , he looked truly guilty .
tr	I	She tried to reassure him , anyway , but she wasn 't certain what he meant .
tr	O	I knew I wasn 't supposed to play with my food , but I couldn 't resist .
tr	O	This made the captain very ill and he soon became bedridden due to his weakened condition .
tr	O	She placed a bowl of water down , and he took care of that , too .
tr	I	They were continuing to navigate its successful completion to the FDA and now he had a study that proved how dangerous sedatives were .
tr	O	I tried not to let it show , but fear spiked in me .
tr	I	He is stronger than me , but I struggle against his grip .
tr	I	The more useful the talent will be and the more you learn about controlling it , the safer we 'll both be .
tr	O	Jasmine accepted the water , but she was too uneasy to drink , even though the house was neat as a pin .
tr	O	The cabin had three bedrooms that were upstairs and the rest of the house was an open floor plan .
tr	I	His company will be made up of our folks from Hancock and he 's going to have the job of security of the dam .
tr	O	Charles was sitting back in his chair with his feet up on the desk and his eyes closed when he heard the door open abruptly .
tr	I	She placed his head down into the water , singing a wordless song , and his body slumped , held up by her hands .
tr	O	He was intent and he believed it .
tr	I	Getting close to you and it was always about you .
tr	I	That would come later , but the truth would have to be dealt with .
tr	I	I feel every part of it , and he 's in pain , hurting .
tr	I	He was a natural but he may have been a reluctant leader .
tr	I	Those features belied a constant good humor , but he looked severe .
tr	I	Nothing comes out , but I open my mouth to reply .
tr	O	She sounded almost like a lost child , but maybe that was the point .
tr	O	The tiny reception area was barely big enough to contain all of them , but Lynx found a way .
tr	O	Someone tried to help me , and I didn 't believe them .
tr	I	His partner was now gone , and Viktor Kalen had no children .
tr	O	Then she found some of those stupid postcards she made of you , and she printed them out again .
tr	O	It had been raining , but now it had stopped .
tr	O	His words made sense , but Deni 's heart ached .
tr	I	The weight on my chest lifted , and I sniffed .
tr	O	It lit up and the elevator began to move .
tr	O	Daniel opened his mouth but the waitress 's arrival with Eleanor 's Mocha made him stop until the girl had gone back into the diner .
tr	I	It made her hair shine in sections that betrayed her real beauty and the sun was going down .
tr	I	Most of them were sick all the time , and they went through seven emperors in ninety years .
tr	O	Her fiance 's parents were there in the salon when you carried her into our home , and they 've already broken off marriage negotiations .
tr	O	The river turned dark as it flowed under the shadows of the bridge arches , and she couldn 't make out anything in the water under them .
tr	O	It was hot in the kitchen , and I was sweating under my jacket .
tr	I	He dragged me toward the exit and his grip on my arm tightened .
tr	O	Ruby seemed so genuinely glad to see me and I felt a bit guilty for not coming by sooner .
tr	I	She clenched her eyes shut , and Aisling 's voice caught in her throat .
tr	O	Oliver was also there and Daniel could see his friend was worried about what Terry had done .
tr	O	The outdoor lights shone in tight beams , which meant some places were extremely bright and others were still dark .
tr	O	The words formed on her tongue , but he silenced them with his lips .
tr	I	I could tell he was trying to control the angry hiss that amused me when it was brought on because of jealousy and his voice was tense .
tr	O	It had finally sunk in and he was beginning to realize the error of his ways .
tr	I	He could not make the explanation ring true , but he wished to believe it was nothing more than the potent bloodlust that lay within every vampire .
tr	O	Kim looked back at Jared , and he offered a knowing smile .
tr	O	It doesn 't take us very long to reach my cottage and we don 't talk very much along the way .
tr	O	I would never do that to her , and I would never use her that way .
tr	I	Soon the whole hall is laughing like it 's the funniest thing they 've heard all year , and then someone down the front starts giggling .
tr	O	Ralph thought he knew me , and he did .
tr	I	I ripped it free , using my shoulder to shove past him and he squeezed my wrist harder .
tr	I	I 'm unsure if he even realizes he 's doing it , but he leans in , pressing his chest harder against my back .
tr	O	Horrendous pressure that crushes your bones ... and every inch of your body burns as if you 've been dropped into a vat of acid .
tr	O	The door opened and a man entered .
tr	O	He could use the rest , but he didn 't want to risk falling asleep just yet .
tr	I	It never came , but I 'd meant to use it on Webb during the next dueling session .
tr	I	I was everywhere , but this time I looked normal .
tr	O	Join me and we will reclaim the old ways of the Sky Riders .
tr	I	I 've never heard him complain once about his situation and he 's too proud to take any assistance from anyone .
tr	O	It wasn 't the most mature way of dealing with her conflicted feelings , but for now it was the best she could do .
tr	O	I hate to leave the trailer sitting on its balloon for another night , but there 's not much else I can do .
tr	I	Then I walked to my bedroom , and I stood there for a moment in disbelief .
tr	I	I almost hang up , and my mother answers immediately .
tr	I	Mab was so young , and they were so alike .
tr	I	Her smile dropped and she cupped his face in the palm of her hand .
tr	I	Ryder wasn 't backing off , but Wyatt tried to duck around him .
tr	I	My vote is to infiltrate the city ourselves , but Phillip wants to send a messenger .
tr	I	I to be a King and he to be a Knight .
tr	I	She said it too , without hesitation , and Adam told her that he loved her .
tr	O	My grandfather seemed to know what he was doing , and I thought maybe he had left a clue for me .
tr	O	Now she knew he 'd come back into the house for another reason , a diabolical one ... and she was his victim .
tr	I	Half the period I have allotted is gone , and I will not see you , except in this manner .
tr	O	It would only worry him , and there 's nothing he can do so far away .
tr	O	The fire consumed her and the keep , searing the stone around her .
tr	O	His grip momentarily loosened on my leg and I flung myself backward in search of the lighter .
tr	I	Her back arched of its own volition , her body seeking deeper contact with his hard erection and her throat swelled .
tr	O	Also , if it 's possibly , try to tell her that we will escape and we want her to join us .
tr	I	She recoiled in fear and he raised his hand to strike her .
tr	O	Sheen desperately looked around for any more cloth that could be used as rope , but there was none .
tr	I	She almost dropped her glass of champagne , and the question , not surprisingly , caught Frances off guard .
tr	O	He wore a cloak bearing the Montgomery colors , but a white banner of truce was attached to the horse 's mane .
tr	I	His foot was soaked and Harding realized , too late , that he had a hole in the elastic of his congress boot .
tr	I	It was over , but it had been a circus .
tr	I	The Mass got underway shortly thereafter and Philip found them several minutes later .
tr	I	There was no one to hear her , but she cried out in agony .
tr	I	Luisa took the chance to put an end to the woman , and Luisa 's weight was difficult to lift , even for a Snow Woman .
tr	O	It still hadn 't noticed Luna , and she planned to use that to her advantage if she could .
tr	O	The lock had shattered from the shovel blows and the bottom was dented from the blow to Droopy .
tr	I	A moment later , Ford came busting out of a set of dark red double doors , and he spoke into a transmitter in his left ear .
tr	I	It isn 't until now that I really look at his face , and his smile is kind .
tr	I	I felt almost human , and I was nearly 100 percent congealed .
tr	I	I see he is too busy , but I had hoped to introduce myself to him .
tr	O	I tried to run , but it was too late .
tr	O	Two of them cornered me last night for a talk , and I walked away with the feeling that they want me to slip up again .
tr	I	Here I stand -- without a farthing -- at the mercy of my children , and I knew you would like me to clear myself .
tr	I	Mab arched her eyebrow , and he finished his story .
tr	I	The dizziness was gone and he straightened up again .
tr	I	Travis hugged her on the other and Cammie hugged her on one side .
tr	O	Its skull cracked instantly , and a flow of something deep red poured out .
tr	I	I managed , but it took me a minute to get the key in it .
tr	I	She was terribly weak , and her legs felt rubbery .
tr	I	Dave was coming down again , but they started walking back towards the car .
tr	O	I wanted to give him the brush off , the way he 'd done to me all day , but I couldn 't do it .
tr	I	He had jumped badly , but one of the children was trying to reach her tree .
tr	O	The words just come out , but I regret them afterward .
tr	O	Trent is not a murderer , and you don 't hate him .
tr	O	He swept across it as if grabbing up the two items , and his motion followed the dust trail perfectly .
tr	I	Meagan 's face gleamed even in the dull glow of the flashlight and I felt as if a rock had been lifted off my chest .
tr	I	Eleanor looked at him too , and I looked at James .
tr	I	I noticed the evidence of the fire 's work on his face , and Cole winced at the acid in my voice .
tr	I	The bouncers moved toward her , and she started to turn away .
tr	I	He cradles the back of her head firmer in one hand and she begins to cry softly into the fabric of his shirt .
tr	O	Then her eyes flick off to the side in the direction of the car , and her shoulders slump .
tr	O	My seat had a piece of gum stuck to it and he laid down his leather jacket so I wouldn 't ruin my jeans .
tr	I	In the middle of all this sadness , I felt guilt , and I looked at the well-manicured fingers curled around mine .
tr	I	Levi 's countenance was quite the opposite , but Harrison appeared to be restraining himself from bursting into laughter .
tr	I	Still she wouldn 't even show you one and we offered her four times the going rate .
tr	I	She continued to ignore him but his eyes locked on the woman .
tr	I	Then her eyes widened as recognition crossed her face , and she stared at me for a moment , confused .
tr	I	Thinking again , but she was scared , all right .
tr	I	Then Rusty joined her , and Rachel dissolved into laughter .
tr	O	She kissed my tattoos , and I kissed her freckles .
tr	O	That 's why he had an Air Force shirt , and his place was so neat .
tr	O	Emergence had been painful , but he would never have recalled just how painful if this experience hadn 't reminded him of it .
tr	O	The inventor of Post-It Notes was researching different types of glue , and he discovered a glue that didn 't work .
tr	I	She is terrified to say one word out of place and she 's staying at Possession .
tr	I	It did not reach his eyes , but he flashed a bright , charming smile with ease .
tr	O	His dark brown hair appeared windblown , and his bangs clung to his forehead .
tr	I	We headed toward the subway to get to work and she tucked the remaining letters into her own bag .
tr	I	Nothing could have pried me away from him in that moment and this was too good .
tr	O	The meal arrived but Dan 's stomach was unruly , unwilling .
tr	O	We paid our bill with relief and I was grateful that we had gone unnoticed .
tr	O	He 'd told himself he was too busy for a relationship , but he knew now he 'd been burning for her .
tr	I	He led her into the house and she linked her fingers with his .
tr	I	He was standing over her , reaching for her chin with two fingers , and all she had done was blink .
tr	O	At first , she didn 't see me , but I knew the exact second she spotted me .
tr	I	My mouth fell slightly open , aghast but my face cleared with comprehension .
tr	O	Usually powers carried over from generation to generation , but when two different magic bloodlines mixed , there was always a chance for some mayhem .
tr	O	It might feel this way , but it 's an illusion .
tr	O	She wished she felt more comfortable with this , but she was committed now , whatever the outcome .
tr	I	It turned out I was wrong , but I thought I understood love once .
tr	I	I didn 't feel any better about that predicament but all the extra space would give me some cover .
tr	I	Edward left the room as soon as the King 's back was turned and Katherine 's acceptance of Jasper was an insult to Duke Henry 's memory .
tr	I	I understand that he is in a similar position and he just pats me on my back with notable strength .
tr	I	He shook his head slowly , but Amusement glittered in his eyes .
tr	I	Her smile showed even , white teeth , and she was short , barely five feet .
tr	O	The door shut behind them , and she felt the click of the brass latch vibrate across overly taut nerves .
tr	I	He 'd describe it all to her later but it was annoying that Maggie wasn 't here .
tr	I	His head fell and he sighed deeply .
tr	O	She didn 't think it would change anything , but he deserved to know .
tr	I	The sun was out in full force by early afternoon , but the weather had been chilly all morning .
tr	O	My lips are stained a color near that of my hair and my eyes are lined in charcoal .
tr	I	The words of her father telling her not to go to the library flashed in her mind but she thought of telling her parents about it .
tr	I	Lauren appeared happy with his surprise so far this weekend , and the hotel matched everything he 'd seen on the Internet .
tr	I	It landed on the floor and I threw the bottle at him .
tr	I	His broad shoulders seemed to fill the doorframe , and he was tall , easily over six feet .
tr	O	My defenses flew up , and every muscle in my body tensed .
tr	I	She had every intention of having a splendid evening , and she was here now .
tr	I	How the infection originally spawned remained unexplainable , but they understood it quickly took the body of its host .
tr	O	My little voice says yes , but my nerves make me hesitate .
tr	O	She started in about when I was little and we were in church .
tr	I	Grief was like the mud that covered them , but she was stupid to think this way right now .
tr	I	I 'm apparently awash in scorn for Mexican fast food , but I have no idea where this attitude came from .
tr	I	Personally , my motivation went well beyond our own self-preservation , but we made a great team pushing back against the bullies .
tr	O	It made it even harder to focus on the task at hand , and I could feel the beginning of a headache pulsing above my eyebrow .
tr	O	He looked determined , and for the first time , my happy mood faltered a bit .
tr	O	It was a perfect hideout , but there still stood one problem .
tr	O	She took for granted all of her family would later reunite but the situation wasn 't shaping up that way .
tr	O	The doors opened and I moved with the small crowd onto the elevator , making sure my floor was pressed .
tr	I	The trembling in my limbs intensified , and my throat constricted at the thought .
tr	I	I 've always wondered , but they said it was better that way .
tr	O	He jumped backward in automatic panic , but the water ended before it reached his feet .
tr	I	Ernie 's right , but I hadn 't thought about it much until then .
tr	O	A railing broke down and security had to throw ropes across the street to cordon off the screaming fans .
tr	O	Even with her power , she wasn 't sure she had the energy to perform this spell alone , but she had to try .
tr	O	She was so tired she stumbled on the stairs , and Tom slipped an arm around her waist to help her .
tr	I	He said no more , and Jake 's face went gray .
tr	I	I was desperate to keep it bottled up and she was desperate for me to get it all out .
tr	O	I 'm getting a degree soon , and I might have a job soon .
tr	I	It was true but it was insane .
tr	I	Mandy didn 't care , but it was a hot , dusty ride .
tr	I	It felt good and much of it made sense .
tr	O	He unlocked the door , and I followed him inside .
tr	O	Jaden held out his fist and I bumped it with mine .
tr	O	Wounded horses screamed and men moaned in pain .
tr	I	His blunt dashes of eyebrows tilt toward each other sharing secrets , and Gabe 's cheeks are flushed .
tr	O	I already knew the answer to that , but I wanted to hear him say it .
tr	O	It sounded stupid saying it , but that 's all I had .
tr	I	She nodded confidently despite the terror I could tell she was feeling and Amory was asking her a series of questions .
tr	I	It was his job to see that they survived , and it was not fair that his people should suffer .
tr	I	I moved through the doorway almost as if floating on air , and the bonds around my arms were loosed .
tr	O	The exorcism had not been completed and Hex was still in the body .
tr	O	I didn 't want to swim through it , but I couldn 't tell if there was another way across .
tr	I	It hurts them , and it blinds them .
tr	I	In my shackles , I can 't fight back , and people with furious , avid faces push toward me .
tr	I	His eyes are concerned and he places his hands on my shoulders .
tr	I	I gritted my teeth against the pain , but she made a sound like she disagreed .
tr	I	I was certainly not an athlete and an athlete would struggle to recover from the amount I did .
tr	I	I tried to hold on to anything thing that I could find and the car skidded across the road .
tr	I	She jumps up , pulling me with her and an orange light begins to color the sky .
tr	I	One unfortunate man fell sprawling onto his back and two bottles were sent smashing to the floor .
tr	O	She 'd taken advantage of it , but she wasn 't the enemy .
tr	O	The weekly Monitor would be out the following day , and the true story of the Miracle would finally be known .
tr	O	Emmy smiles , shaking her head , and then her black eyes open wide .
tr	I	She didn 't look as winded as he felt , but her breathing was heavy .
tr	I	It was Alcide who was spilling his instead , but I 'd come here to spill my guts .
tr	O	Her mouth gaped open , but nothing came out except a bit of blood , darker than the crimson lipstick that she wore .
tr	O	Her eyes went hooded and he knew she understood .
tr	O	He might not have been able to say the words , but he showed her in the only way he knew how .
tr	O	Joshua must get to Daniel first , and that meant he needed to escape .
tr	O	There 's only one person I would trust to help you with that in my absence , and that 's that Erica girl from California .
tr	O	Some kind of emotion entered his eyes , but she had no idea what it signified .
tr	I	I hated it , too , but I loved that I put that look on him .
tr	O	A single knock sounded on the door , and Franco stuck his head in the room .
tr	O	The days of wrestling in the mud with Poseidon were gone , and I was proud to stand beside him as his queen , as his equal .
tr	O	As my vision began to clear , the pain faded slightly , and I realized I was in the lab again .
tr	I	I did not want to fight this guy , but I know the adrenalin will save me either way .
tr	I	I suddenly felt very small as he towered over me and he straightened from the bar .
tr	O	I was afraid to look them in the face , but I was even more afraid to let them go .
tr	O	Kylie sat up a little straighter , chewing on that bit of information , and Holiday sat quietly as if al owing Kylie the time to adjust .
tr	O	Gabe seemed hesitant to answer at first , but when the camera panned to his face , he slowly grinned .
tr	I	Tomorrow they got to move , and truly it had been , as their mother said , a great day .
tr	I	We lurched forward , and the boat snagged .
tr	O	All of her books fell to the ground and she made a quiet noise that sounded like the coo of a dove .
tr	I	His speed limited how sharply , but Nate could will himself to turn .
tr	O	It was terrifying , but I knew that I was at least strong enough to not run away .
tr	I	The wind moaned through the brush , and a large bird rose into the air with the flapping of great wings .
tr	I	It was difficult for him but hands in his pockets , Rash looked like he wanted to say something .
tr	I	He blinked at me innocently , but he was flirting with me .
tr	I	Time coupled with pride only increases it , and something causes a rift between two people .
tr	O	Perhaps Ted mentioned it to them casually and they used the information to their advantage .
tr	I	He sighed , and his fingers ran down my cheek .
tr	I	Then she hesitated , but holding it in one hand Susan went to call Omar .
tr	I	I 'm not going to start now and I have never lied to you folks .
tr	I	This was a quiet neighbourhood anyway and many people were away on holiday .
tr	O	Sean 's Collar did the same , but adrenaline ran so high that they both went on fighting .
tr	O	I went back Saturday morning and his car was still gone .
tr	O	She apologized to Jane for the lack of an extra bed , but it didn 't seem to bother Jane at all .
tr	O	This was below ground level and the darkness was almost total .
tr	I	He wouldn 't tell me anything he knew , but he didn 't know any of that .
tr	O	My stomach sank in warning , and I feared the worst .
tr	I	I reached the trail and my thoughts turned back to the present as Janet .
tr	O	It had been long since the vampire had listened to such purity , and his body cringed away from the sound .
tr	I	I 've teamed them like horses through the Requiem , and those dregs linger still .
tr	I	I had forgotten how oppressive the heat could be , but I knew it would be hot .
tr	I	At the heart of this , our goals are the same , and I respect you too much .
tr	I	I opened the door , finding the Seventh on the other side with his hands raised for a third rap and another knock began .
tr	O	Kai moves next to Serena and they lean into each other , wrapping their arms around each other 's shoulders .
tr	I	Comparatively , I was a lot harder to hurt , but I might have looked as delicate as Specialist Gregorio .
tr	O	A moment later I am holding a lit twig and Nicole is beaming from ear to ear .
tr	I	A little bit haunted , and he looked drawn now .
tr	I	It makes a difference , but I don 't know how you do it !
tr	O	There was one thing that was more important than anything to the Andretti clan and that was family obligations .
tr	I	I would still have felt that way if I was a virgin now and I knew it then .
tr	I	My best friend Jill that I 'd started it out of rejection but I never revealed to anyone .
tr	I	That is bad for thinking , and he began to get frightened .
tr	I	I can hear it in the silence of the room and she swallows .
tr	I	In my defense I hadn 't seen Ang in a long time , but I guess I should have thought out the decision to include her .
tr	O	These people could do anything to him and no one would be any the wiser .
tr	O	She couldn 't stop seeing that look in his eyes , and she would go mad if she couldn 't stop seeing that look in his eyes .
tr	O	I 'd never met a monarch before , but King Martin III was not exactly what I expected .
tr	O	I didn 't have a black dress back then , and Grandma Frost had taken me shopping the day before the burial to get one .
tr	I	The thought of him lying in a pool of his own vomit spurred him on , but it was quite an effort .
tr	I	You do not cheat on her and if you are in love with a spider , you stick to that spider !
tr	O	The clouds moved across the sun and the wind took on a sharper bite .
tr	O	Cole could stand her up for any date , but disappointing Jeff was more than she could bear .
tr	O	They shared a laugh , and then Byron turned somber .
tr	O	Everything I seemed to work toward for so long was snatched away and there was no safety net beneath me .
tr	I	Watching Chad on the big screen was tradition , but he would 've tailed her ass this evening .
tr	I	I smiled down at her in appreciation , and she patted my shoulder .
tr	I	The outdoors did nothing to satisfy it , but the rain had stopped , so my mother took it for a walk around the house .
tr	I	It slips past my lips as a whisper and one thought keeps repeating in my mind .
tr	I	Now wasn 't the time for empathy but the sight ate at Riddick 's rage .
tr	I	Thus far , the being had eluded detection , but something had been following them ever since they left the city .
tr	I	She had good reason and she wasn 't willing to discuss things again .
tr	O	His eyes were dark , fierce as he stared at me , but at least they were back to normal now .
tr	O	I can still feel his energy vibrating through the whole house , or maybe it 's just the heavy clang of my own heart .
tr	O	Charlie filled his lungs , and he began to sing .
tr	I	You got what you asked for and you wanted to run into him .
tr	I	My timid nature kept me from pushing for an answer , and he didn 't seem to want to clarify how I instantly had food .
tr	O	I know Arlo 's capabilities and James is only human .
tr	I	Then he sighed , but he smiled faintly .
tr	I	Sam saw the bow light of a boat cruise slowly into view , and the sound of a boat engine drew her gaze to the lake .
tr	I	The lamps were already switched on and they were standing in a street .
tr	I	The big deal is the world , but some talk about staying alive , gangs , shit like that .
tr	I	I 'd already used up part of my magic fighting her crew , but oh , I was a powerful elemental .
tr	O	It might be nothing , but I 'd rather be sure .
tr	O	The cooler weather returned , and there were no more cases of the fever .
tr	O	I 'd been sensing your people watching me for years and I knew I had nothing to fear .
tr	O	They waited until the hour grew late and the servants had retired for the evening .
tr	O	The world was on fire around him , and she made him long for those flames .
tr	I	My heart skips a beat and the walls seem to be closing in on me .
tr	O	Mira stepped forward , but Jace pushed ahead .
tr	I	Jake 's feet did slide back a few inches , but again there was no effect on Jake 's behavior .
tr	I	They did not honor it but I know it well that earlier , even men had compassion in their side .
tr	I	A little mutter ran through them , and she was appealing to the onlookers now .
tr	O	The two of them watch the men at the front intently , and I can understand their interest .
tr	O	Archie 's head smacked the windshield , but he didn 't go through .
tr	I	The woman were involved anymore and it wasn 't like he .
tr	I	I elbowed him in the gut , and he wrapped both arms around me .
tr	I	He was now staring at the ground and the young man was slumped against the cement bench .
tr	I	That was just ... disgusting ; unexplainable but it was obviously Karina 's blood .
tr	I	It does not lead anywhere away from Shelby , but his scent is all over town .
tr	I	With my shoulder as messed up as it was , climbing wasn 't really an option , but I had no idea where I was going .
tr	O	He 'd agonized for days over how to tell her , and she already knew ?
tr	O	I normally don 't curse , but times are calling for it .
tr	O	she shrieked hysterically , but I was undeterred .
tr	O	When he changed me , I screamed , and he didn 't even care .
tr	I	There is a fire burning just out of the reach of the water , and the ocean is glazed gold in the evening light .
tr	I	If she 'd heard him she was too engrossed in her telephone conversation to investigate , but at his raised voice , the girl looked up .
tr	I	Now she felt foolish and he had a point .
tr	I	The lab results were obtained after you had already left your home , and I wanted to visit with you first .
tr	O	The clouds in his head began to clear , but as the clouds moved out , a stinging sensation moved in .
tr	I	I already know what they are going to say , but the critics will write up their reviews tomorrow .
tr	O	A sneeze comes on , and before they can grab a tissue , out it comes , all over page forty eight .
tr	I	I didn 't see any fur , but it moved like a monkey anyway .
tr	O	I think he 's got something in mind , and I think it 's tonight .
tr	O	There was little cause for danger in the area , but they were prepared .
tr	O	It was weird getting a pep talk from the demon , but now that Cole had started , he couldn 't stop .
tr	O	the voice hissed again , but the tone wasn 't threatening .
tr	I	I kissed her softly once more and my eyes began to match hers .
tr	I	I look at him and my heart breaks a little bit .
tr	I	Then waited , listening , and she murmured some words in a foreign tongue .
tr	I	Mairi was only starting to move on and it had been almost two weeks since she had made Her Greatest Mistake .
tr	O	What you do comes all the way from your boots and you really care about your audience .
tr	I	There wouldn 't be anyone to catch me , and after today I would be alone .
tr	I	She probably even knew who he really was by this time , and surely she remembered that .
tr	O	If the hounds didn 't find me , the guards would , and they 'd feed me to the hounds anyway .
tr	O	Then he moved his hand to her other thigh , and Jamie 's eyes widened , realizing what he intended .
tr	I	She hadn 't bought it , yet obviously she wanted the dress .
tr	O	His siblings accused him of being all business all the time , but somebody had to be focused on the future of Hightower Aviation .
tr	I	Everything else was sucked out of my vision , and my gaze was drawn to him magnetically .
tr	O	Her baby was with the Bakers , but things had gone the opposite of smoothly .
tr	I	He 's busted my balls enough about it , and I 've mentioned her on one too many occasions .
tr	I	He pulled until she looked up at him , but she braced her hands against his big chest .
tr	I	She shifted , changing and Renée pulled me close .
tr	O	He lifts my case and we decide to go back to my place .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to tell him and of course Gap didn 't know that .
tr	O	I grinned at him and he looked away , his face flaring pink with embarrassment .
tr	I	That 's all she needed , but it 's a small change .
tr	I	Money goes out and Money comes into accounts .
tr	I	I don 't mind remembering but I 'd wept a little myself .
tr	I	Ethan 's eyes flicked to Matt , just for a second , and when it ended , Chloe smiled up at Ethan , breathless .
tr	I	I thought we were dead , until we fell through , and then we seemed to hit a wall .
tr	I	Adel points a finger at him in warning but Kamil starts to say something .
tr	O	As promised , he rolled away , but without any of the prior repugnance he 'd shown before .
tr	I	Now we have nothing , and I have two children .
tr	O	The old man 's eyebrows rose , and he gave a great belly laugh .
tr	O	The lights turned back on and Willow was now shaking .
tr	O	She hadn 't discussed the prospect with him , but she didn 't want to tell Cyrus that .
tr	I	She was embracing his neck , and he was stroking her body .
tr	I	Amy pulled it out of her diaper bag and her phone sang a popular children 's tune .
tr	I	I didn 't know if I could trust him again but my heart ached for him .
tr	I	I can take you to the manager , and why don 't you follow me .
tr	O	The phone rang and caller ID said it was a private number .
tr	O	I dove back under the water , but my captor caught my arm again .
tr	I	When I looked at the blood-stained screen of my phone , it showed there being no service in the area and the call failed .
tr	O	A burst of laughter drew her gaze to the men at the table , and she recalled the task she 'd set herself .
tr	I	There is no place to hide , but I glance around the antechamber .
tr	I	Then he slammed the door in my face , and we held each other 's gaze a moment .
tr	I	I fear it will at first , but I hope it doesn 't come to that .
tr	I	She couldn 't help herself but Tully tried not to sob .
tr	I	I 'm not sure I should tell him about that but I did feel Cruz ' emotions .
tr	I	It took over , like a parasite and all it needed were some DNA .
tr	I	I was still curious , but it certainly wasn 't the most important thing to think about .
tr	O	Mama always worked it out , and the dinner would be magnificent , as it always was .
tr	I	Wearing what looked like Inquisitor black with no apparent insignias and he was completely clean shaven .
tr	O	Cayman glanced over at him and a look of pure eagerness crept across his handsome face .
tr	O	Arousal spikes through me and I nearly leave the rest of the present unopened to go in search of him .
tr	O	He leaned in closer , intending to steal a kiss , but she artfully turned her face away before he could accomplish that .
tr	I	I never even thought to turn around , but some of the others stirred behind me .
tr	O	He held out his elbow and I stared at him unmoving .
tr	O	He took this task on and his family approved it .
tr	O	I desperately wanted to hide , but there was nowhere to go .
tr	I	I 'm here now - but you 've done well .
tr	O	He slammed his fist into it , and bright flashes of red light emanated from the center of camp .
tr	O	Taking her time and loving him completely .
tr	I	He could feel the weight on his nerves , but he couldn 't tell if he was looking at him .
tr	O	The melting snow dripped from the trees with a sound like rain , and there were crashes in the night as limbs dropped their white burdens .
tr	I	That was not his concern , but a crack echoed in the room .
tr	O	Gabe called Lazarus off , and Brent finally sat up .
tr	I	I uncomfortably hug her back , feeling her belly press against mine and she leans in to hug me .
tr	O	I know you guys think this is fun , but no , it 's not .
tr	O	Scorpion usually doesn 't allow me to attend , but he 's made an exception in this case .
tr	I	I think Charlotte was feeling the same way , and I had never been so grateful to have Liam as a friend .
tr	I	Even the pub had shut its doors due to the weather , and the Chinese food take-out shop had closed for the night .
tr	I	They were worried , since they hadn 't heard anything from him at all , and their son was late .
tr	O	You 're still the key to the throne , and you 're not going to be leaving the safe haven everyone worked so hard to create .
tr	I	He wore a frown and as my narrative continued , his concern deepened .
tr	O	We both had powerful militias and our countries had been constantly fighting for more than three hundred years .
tr	I	The room was soon cast under a cloak of unsettling shadow , and faceless bodies now blocked the meager sunlight that fought to enter .
tr	I	She jerked backwards with the force and the gun fired .
tr	O	I know where Sydney lives , but it 's a long walk .
tr	I	He wasn 't breathing , but I ran to him .
tr	I	Half the riders got off and we came to a stop .
tr	I	Her eyes turned orange , and the woman tensed up .
tr	I	I nod , and he asks .
tr	O	My smile broadens and I realize how long it 's been since I 've genuinely smiled .
tr	I	I don 't get answers , but I ask the winds so many questions .
tr	O	A sudden fierce gust of wind drives the ship downward , and my stomach drops at our sharp descent .
tr	O	It was cowardly , perhaps , but to remind him of our shared past would be to risk a rejection which I did not want to face .
tr	I	My eyes settled on the kitchen , and I glanced about .
tr	I	Adrian still took it as such , but it wasn 't exactly an apology .
tr	O	Mary 's lip trembled , and tears darted down her cheeks .
tr	O	The building has now been secured and everything seems to be under control .
tr	I	It got so cold , so awfully cold , but it was a warm afternoon .
tr	O	She pulled at the restraints , but they wouldn 't budge .
tr	I	I was never so happy to stop playing a game before but maybe it was my imagination .
tr	O	She had gone to see Howard again today , and the guards had turned her away .
tr	I	Then suddenly James pulls me to him as I quietly sob into his shirt , and I put my face in my hands .
tr	O	I don 't think I was ever supposed to know , but something happened .
tr	I	He turned growling at Zoey and his eyes glowed yellow .
tr	I	I can choose to let it lie there or I can lob it back .
tr	O	I have control and she knows it .
tr	O	He 's groping a leggy blonde and the scene is obviously upsetting to Jules .
tr	I	He should have been back with his unit before Thanksgiving , and his two weeks ' furlough had begun in November .
tr	O	It was 2 in the morning and everyone was tired .
tr	O	Vivian 's ( in the video ) face is blank and her hair is brown , the same color as mine right now .
tr	O	I 'm still wearing my thong , and I struggle to remove it .
tr	O	She had stopped answering the phone at midnight , and it had rung every hour on the hour since .
tr	I	When I opened them again , I was surrounded in blackness , and I squeezed my eyes shut to try to stop the tears .
tr	O	Still he didn 't touch her , yet she felt the heat of him pressing into her back , holding her steady .
tr	I	She was not ready just yet , to have her face permanently marked but they were small with bright colors .
tr	O	When you get here , we 'll conduct another meeting with the army , and we will begin your wizard training .
tr	O	He was frightening with rivulets of blood running down his face , but it was the look in his eyes that was most terrible .
tr	O	I asked her to come and she came .
tr	I	A faint flash of lightning lit up his face , and a soft rumble of thunder echoed in the trees .
tr	O	I am not a teacher and I have you in this room .
tr	I	Honestly , she couldn 't imagine her life without him , but he could be aggravating .
tr	I	He never stops , but we walk past people he knows .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure if she knew it , and it worried him to think that she might .
tr	I	I thought I saw somebody sitting there , but I don 't really remember the dream .
tr	I	It still came out in a whisper but ' How long do you think it took before ... ' I had to clear my throat .
tr	I	I stumbled back , and the ground swayed .
tr	I	He nods when she asks if they have the weapons ready and as she moves past the creatures , I see new faces with Mark .
tr	O	I could feel the tip of him rubbing against me and I just wanted him inside me .
tr	O	We round a rocky bend and I stop in amazement .
tr	O	My knife was beside me and he was closer than the zombies .
tr	O	This implied that he had never left the UK , or at least his body hadn 't .
tr	I	It is located at the Clearwater School of Cosmetology in the Auxiliary room and doors open at eight for visitors .
tr	O	His dark hair was rumpled , and his bright blue eyes were fringed by feathered black lashes .
tr	I	I certainly wish he 'd tell us , but I don 't know who he 's protecting .
tr	O	I was going to use my Mustang , but we would have to put down in Omaha for fuel .
tr	O	He reached across with his right hand , but she gripped a hymnal tight .
tr	I	She was gone but he reached out for her .
tr	I	Finally , when she knew that death was imminent , she had asked that her grandson be informed and eventually the disease turned into pneumonia .
tr	I	He still hadn 't let go of her hand , but they climbed into an unmarked black SUV .
tr	I	The porch light was off , but Windows were warm golden squares .
tr	O	She felt Tuck place a steadying hand on her back and the shock of his touch made her stumble .
tr	O	We can stand the early-morning sun , and no one will be expecting us .
tr	O	A moan came from the man , but the figure didn 't move .
tr	O	The wind howled again and Peggy 's eyes met Bob 's .
tr	I	All along its top were men with bows in hand all jostling to get a place , and it was some twenty feet tall .
tr	I	His chest relaxed , but his heart hammered .
tr	O	My arm grew tired holding my blade , but I dared not take it away from the gnome for one instant .
tr	I	Still I tried to step lightly , but the gravel made silence almost impossible .
tr	I	It 's so early , but I want to call Trevor .
tr	O	Seventeen hours later a healthy daughter was born , but it was never held by it 's mother .
tr	O	They 're surviving , but they 're broken , lost without their Soul .
tr	I	I realize she 's not offended at all and Skye gives me the way to go smile .
tr	I	I enjoyed the show and he was pulling his shirt off .
tr	I	I held her gaze boldly , and her eyes moved between mine , searching .
tr	O	The home phone rang and everyone froze , still off balance from the earlier events .
tr	I	Tony had only a few hours left to finalize his analysis of the strategy for the supplier hit and Paul was preoccupied sifting through dozens of resumes .
tr	O	He wouldn 't say why , but Fellows , being the great detective he was , realized the outing was important to Hart .
tr	O	The corners of Lily 's eyes were pink and her lips tight .
tr	I	It was far from over but the ride had Mike 's body tense .
tr	O	He had come down hard , and he was sure his ribs were broken .
tr	I	Avalon stopped him with a hand on his shoulder , but Jericho started after them .
tr	O	A car pulls up in the next spot over , and a little girl hops out of the back seat .
tr	I	I could hear several of the older ladies cooing over his concern , but I did not think it was very convincing .
tr	I	There was a look in her eye , but she had said it in teasing big sister sort of way .
tr	I	Nothing came out , but he tried to open his mouth to scream .
tr	I	Many of the families snubbed it as a ridiculous concept , and it was a program her father started , perhaps a decade ago .
tr	O	He went to bed in a hotel , but he woke up in his own bed to the sound of his alarm .
tr	I	She , like a good little soldier , had shown her face , and he would have stayed , waiting to see who turned up .
tr	I	It was quite clean , but this was a very basic accommodation .
tr	O	A tear slides down my cheek , but I don 't bother wiping it .
tr	O	I 've read quite a bit about fencing and it was required at the Academy .
tr	I	Ronnie says it 's nice , but I 've never been there .
tr	O	The Healer took up my other hand and the process was repeated .
tr	O	He pretends for a moment longer , but then he sighs .
tr	I	He prayed to God it was but Horace didn 't know for sure .
tr	O	The knock on the door made her jump , but she didn 't get up .
tr	O	The screen went blank , and another pattern appeared .
tr	I	Two pills sat beside it , and it was full of water .
tr	I	I breathed out and I breathed in .
tr	I	As he suspected she 'd do , she immediately sought escape and his thigh lifted .
tr	O	The two of them gave in to laughter , and Anya slapped his arm .
tr	O	Trenton sat next to me , leaning over a bit , and then nodded , gesturing to his shoulder .
tr	I	He seemed otherwise uninjured , but there was a long cut along one of his cheeks .
tr	O	We lived together in Wayward Pines , and she never knew she was here because of me .
tr	O	The leather couch was surprisingly comfortable , but I couldn 't fall asleep .
tr	I	I kept my thoughts to myself as I giggled , but an image of a little Greyson running around crossed my mind .
tr	O	I was glad I 'd moved Zena from that spot , but she wasn 't safe yet .
tr	I	I forged ahead , but turbulent waves pushed me back towards shore .
tr	I	We had two strong stallions pulling the wagon along as I enjoyed the landscape and Erica had the reigns .
tr	I	She was sure she 'd succeeded , at least a little , and she 'd wanted to shake him up .
tr	I	His kind words brought tears to her eyes and Mack 's normally succinct father was downright lyrical .
tr	I	The knot in her throat doubled and his eyes grew wet with emotion .
tr	I	His gaze flickered to the swamp , then back to mine , and he lifted his head .
tr	I	Lance snapped back before she could find her voice , but she stumbled for a response .
tr	O	I listened for any sounds from my bedroom , but all was quiet .
tr	O	He had to claim Billie as his mate fully or he would suffer the consequences .
tr	I	An uncomfortable silence follows , but the joke is his way of apologizing .
tr	O	You arrested twice in the ambulance and it was a miracle they managed to revive you .
tr	O	Shane is me and I am Shane .
tr	I	His blue eyes gazed into hers and he tilted her chin up .
tr	O	The fact was , they were at a stalemate , and the only way he could get out of it alive was to drop his weapon .
tr	O	He tried relaxing so that he would fall down , but it did not work .
tr	O	I don 't know how many trails are here but I don 't think it would be too many .
tr	O	Jordan wanted to stay , but he read the determination in Kai 's eyes .
tr	I	About a half minute later , the ball stopped , and eventually she could feel him slump forward .
tr	O	Attendance was not compulsory , and many did not attend .
tr	I	I had a feeling I knew the girl he was talking about , and his eyes were back on me .
tr	I	He took in a deep breath and his hands were wrapped in his hair .
tr	I	You come in hard and you come in fast .
tr	O	Coral formed up the guard around her and they marched .
tr	O	He disappears behind heavy , metal doors and I pull away .
tr	I	He was okay with that , but he realized that was probably all the apology he was going to get .
tr	I	After months of pleading , Walt was finally giving her an assignment and Emma was dying to write a human interest story .
tr	O	He was fallible after all , and I took heart from that .
tr	O	The public world had still never seen her face since the bandages were removed and Harmony planned on keeping it that way .
tr	I	She did not feel its weight in her muscles , but it was perhaps the heaviest thing she had ever lifted .
tr	O	I ask and he nods .
tr	I	The magic inside me rebels , insisting that I become stronger , but the pain is tremendous .
tr	I	The others agreed , and Tanya said the egg would do just fine .
tr	I	Ali had made her promise to not tell the others , and only Spencer had been there for her confrontation with Toby .
tr	I	I suddenly remembered my school days , and these bullies are always the same .
tr	O	I test it , and it can .
tr	O	She jumped back , and the dishes on the tray rattled .
tr	I	There wasn 't going to be any room service , and they intended to keep her there for a while .
tr	I	Sitting up in bed , and instead , I am fully awake now .
tr	O	He 'd tried talking to her several times , but she was great at giving him her most professional smile before turning her back to him .
tr	O	She always was , a little , but now she 's broken .
tr	O	Nothing is too far from the ordinary , but everything seems deeply amiss .
tr	O	One of Dad 's expressions came back to me time and time again that night .
tr	I	Derek 's eyes veered away , suddenly preoccupied by the radio dial , and the gang leader looked over at the bus .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure about the exact altitude , but the view was magnificent .
tr	I	She managed it in record time but pulling them on wasn 't easy .
tr	O	His father barked orders , and he took them from him like a lackey .
tr	I	He couldn 't keep himself from saying it , but he knew it was below the belt .
tr	O	Her left hand dropped in a strange motion , and I suddenly stilled .
tr	O	A torrent of angry words came to my lips , but the pair of them were gone just that quickly .
tr	O	It had always been Allie 's favorite ... and after all the girl was hungry .
tr	I	I didn 't feel the need to share my nudity with her , but I was well aware I 'd gone skinny dipping with Eva before .
tr	I	I like playing these little games , but I 'll keep you safe as I need your help later .
tr	O	At night the whole world seemed to vanish , and the lack of distractions sometimes brought out the thoughtful side in me .
tr	O	If she were a fool , she would have thought it was affection , but she knew that couldn 't possibly be .
tr	I	I shut my eyes , absorbing that sound forever and her voice , so long gone from my ears , closed up my throat .
tr	O	CHAPTER 20 Just when you think you have all the facts It wasn 't a portal , but it was another way I 'd never traveled before .
tr	I	It could be used as kind of an attack resistant shield but this does not have the all-encompassing defence of the Covert vehicle .
tr	I	They have no intentions of slowing down anytime soon , and they have both worked here for decades , apparently .
tr	I	His own kids took advantage of that every opportunity they could and the man was simply too nice .
tr	O	A grievous smile plays on my lips , and I hate it .
tr	I	She couldn 't discuss that here with Grady , but the Tribunal was a bigger problem than Sen .
tr	O	She didn 't say anything about borrowing my stuff , but it was pretty obvious she wouldn 't ever want to .
tr	I	She 's skinny now , but she had nice curves when I left .
tr	O	Joshua managed a weak smile of his own , but his eyes told a different story .
tr	I	She sped through the parking lot , and the principal jumped out of the way .
tr	I	We had to accept that , just as she did and at the end of the summer she 'd be leaving us .
tr	I	I 'm well aware that your diet is atrocious and you 're working too hard , not exercising enough .
tr	I	The bottom dropped out of her belly , and he looked at her hotly .
tr	O	Avril was outside in the hall and she looked up when we stepped out .
tr	O	They were the setting of many ancient legends and no traveler claimed to know all their secrets .
tr	I	She couldn 't bring herself to but she knew she should let go of him .
tr	O	Love is a gamble , but when it is true the rewards far outweigh the costs .
tr	I	There 's an underlying tone that bothers me , but his words seem to be a compliment .
tr	O	Philip tried to respond , but the grip she had on his throat made speech impossible .
tr	I	I could feel his body shake as he sobbed on my shoulder and he wrapped his arms around me .
tr	I	I noticed increasingly that my friends ' eyes began to linger in her direction and we were past fourteen by now .
tr	O	I was his prize now and he didn 't need social graces for a thing he could call his own .
tr	I	I elbowed him and he laughed .
tr	I	The doctors can only patch you up , put you back together , but Chapter One Hospitals are where people go to be saved .
tr	O	The lights were off and the curtains were open .
tr	I	I looked behind me , and my cheeks grew warm .
tr	O	There really was no room for embarrassment , and Amber refused to allow the way she was raised to cloud her judgment now .
tr	I	You can tell her this crazy shit and if you want Blaire 's advice then meet me there .
tr	O	Now the image of our ' perfect family ' is tarnished , and he 's trying to save face with all that posturing .
tr	O	Margaret was knitting more , and I 'd begun crocheting .
tr	I	She 's all excited about going there now and she 's never heard me talk so much about my hometown before .
tr	I	His face darkened , but even some of Stuart 's friends laughed .
tr	O	He had made his decision and now he had to wait for an occasion to show himself .
tr	I	It was enough to keep them from getting in any easier , but it wasn 't much .
tr	O	The water is calm this time , and the sky is blue .
tr	I	Her mouth was screwed up tight as if she were biting back the urge to wail and tears still poured from her beautiful eyes .
tr	I	I thought she had probably used up all her luck then , and I remembered the little she had told me about her war service .
tr	I	Nothing anyone had said could dissuade him , and he 'd insisted on being included in the call .
tr	O	The paintings on the walls were not replicas and the carpet underfoot was as expensive as it felt .
tr	O	He had centuries of life in front of him and he would someday find another soul to live with .
tr	I	He wouldn 't meet Marc 's eyes , but Jeremy didn 't say anything .
tr	I	They are locked tight , but as two others move off of me , I struggle to regain the use of my hands , to do something .
tr	I	I held my tongue , but I wanted to tell them to leave .
tr	I	She 'd just finished unpacking the last box and they 'd started moving out of the apartment before five that morning .
tr	O	I 'm afraid , yet I 'm not .
tr	O	He sounds more serious than he has all morning , and it 's all I can do not to roll my eyes again .
tr	O	Carolyn 's gaze flew to hers , and her face immediately reddened .
tr	I	A persistent group chase me back to the stadium , but four of them are swiftly dealt with .
tr	O	One look at the narrow gap and he knew they 'd never fit .
tr	I	She moved up to meet him half way , and he leaned down .
tr	O	Gregor wasn 't feeling too hot himself , but he was worried about his younger partner .
tr	I	That would lead to the book , and if the Seventh took on my role at Glory Academy he would assume my quarters .
tr	O	I think she gets it , and she 's on my side .
tr	I	We get down to business and within ten minutes my jazz class is full of eight year olds .
tr	O	She wasn 't a warrior like her sister Lauren , and she wasn 't a volatile force of nature like Stephanie .
tr	I	He owed his friends some reassurance , but he couldn 't promise too much at this point .
tr	O	The girl looked up at just that moment , and her face broke out in a delighted grin .
tr	O	He had given her that beautiful pleasure , and he was thanking her ?
tr	I	The driveway was loose gravel , but I came up behind him as quietly as possible .
tr	I	She grew heated with embarrassment , and the guy 's gaze never left her face .
tr	O	They connected so easily and they had no fear of saying anything they liked to each other .
tr	O	He possessed our island , and he hated the island .
tr	I	His kernel of irritability still stood ready to pop , but the choking knot of frustration in Zook 's chest fell apart in the silence .
tr	O	He runs at the last second and the kite crashes into his hip .
tr	I	Her eyes drifted shut as the sensations built , and her fingers curled into his muscled shoulders .
tr	O	A loud groan erupted and the bookshelf swung open , like a door .
tr	O	I ask and he nods .
tr	O	She was pretty , but she was nerdy .
tr	I	He knew that even the most powerful people could fail at times , but they had promised they would take care of him no matter what .
tr	O	The doors to the train opened and bodies filed in , in haste .
tr	I	I relax a little at the friendly gesture , and he gives me a half smile .
tr	I	He was back in the dark , and the conversation ended there for Donny .
tr	O	His body was cooler than hers , but heat still flooded through her as her chest was brought up tight against his side .
tr	I	I 've married you and well , I 've met you .
tr	O	He opened his mouth but no words came from his dry lips .
tr	I	I am not sure what , but something is down there .
tr	O	I never should have asked that he be brought here , but I was desperate .
tr	O	He 'd been injured , and injuries could be disorienting .
tr	O	I hadn 't eaten all day , yet there were no pangs of longing .
tr	I	I had never been more grateful , but Alissa sounded just like my mom .
tr	O	Their mother may have been a dim bulb , but she 'd loved her boys .
tr	I	No words came , but she tried again .
tr	O	I let go of him and he drop to the ground .
tr	I	Sarah felt her legs begin to tremble and the sarcasm in his voice was unmistakable .
tr	I	She nodded , and his dark eyes shimmered with tears .
tr	O	Though tired , there was one more stop they wanted to make , and it required a hike back north along the riverfront .
tr	O	It takes some coaching , but the voices are listening .
tr	I	Hawk pushed it open , but she started to close the door .
tr	O	You love her , and she needs you .
tr	O	I jerk my hand , but he doesn 't give .
tr	O	He rolled , taking her with him so they lay side by side and he simply stared into her eyes , absorbing the glaze in her expression .
tr	I	Sebastian took Sakura by the elbow before Richard had the chance , and it was decided then .
tr	O	Security was tight at the gates and a pass was needed to get through .
tr	O	I know your name , and I tell you to turn back .
tr	I	You didn 't listen , and I warned you what would happen .
tr	I	He had grasped it readily , and when he arrived at him , the revolving sword had by then dropped off into his hand .
tr	I	He said he is a mechanic , and James is a little older than Jan , in his fifties .
tr	I	I don 't hesitate blowing their heads off , and a small herd of Spectators ambush us from the front of the English Building .
tr	I	When she looks up at me , I know why Des has brought us here , and Pen pulls out her sundial .
tr	I	Graffiti lined the cement walls like an urban overpass , and a single overhead naked bulb lit the cryptic corridor .
tr	I	His tie was black without a pattern , but his shirt was gleaming white .
tr	O	He led her back into her cell and she began to read the book .
tr	O	Somehow , the snow had hidden it from my sight , but now , it 's all down the front of me .
tr	I	Savannah was their target , and the enemy was far stronger , far more organized than Gregori had expected .
tr	O	The plant slid back beneath the soil , but the stabbing ice continued to fall .
tr	O	It was bloody freezing outside , and he 'd be trapped here for days .
tr	O	She had five month and she could do so much in that time !
tr	I	He mentally cursed , and he watched the muscles of his back move beneath the thin white shirt he wore .
tr	O	A mythical , very cool heroin , but I 'm not as pretty as her .
tr	I	I don 't think so , but my foster parents might be looking for me .
tr	O	The dawn showed signs of brightening into a sunny day , and he shouldn 't be dying .
tr	O	Jenna wasn 't quite sure which end its chin was , but she tickled the rock anyway .
tr	O	Maybe they were afraid of me to know or maybe they didn 't trust me .
tr	O	The throne room smelled like a kitchen , and by the looks of it the cooks had fled in a hurry .
tr	I	She hobbled to my side and I called out to her .
tr	O	He sounded only mildly interested , but Elena glanced at him sharply .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure who he was talking to , but it didn 't sound good for us .
tr	O	She didn 't know why she saw him with a Mayan weapon , but it was one he 'd used several times in her dreams .
tr	I	The jacket tear could have happened any time during the previous weeks , but the cut to his cheek was fresh .
tr	O	There was a general sigh of disappointment among his listeners , but Damon just looked more sul en .
tr	O	He released me , and I thanked him wordlessly , then rushed out of the store .
tr	I	His companion joined in , and the stranger chuckled .
tr	O	Lily not only laughed , but she seemed surprised that she was capable of laughter at that moment .
tr	O	They had been friends with each other since they were young and it hurt them both to say good-bye to each other .
tr	I	Ula didn 't get in trouble , and hopefully she wasn 't waiting too long .
tr	O	Riyad sighed heavily and Paris knew that she had already lost her case .
tr	O	She faced him from a hundred feet away , and her expression was empty , devoid of humanity .
tr	O	My name is Timothy Hutchins , and my career choice is Scientist - specializing in cancer research .
tr	I	I glanced up to see a wild look in her eyes that scared me and she slung me down onto the grass .
tr	O	I leave here as though I 'm being transferred , but instead I go into your witness protection program .
tr	I	The sharp pricks barely penetrated her trance , but she could vaguely feel the weeds poking up among the broken cobblestones through her worn slippers .
tr	O	It had been emptied and all the goods lined up against the walls of the hall .
tr	O	It was then that he nibbled on her bottom , and the next sound from Julia was one of surprise .
tr	O	The sky had been blue then , and a brass band had been playing .
tr	O	We 'll tear something , and then we 'll never be allowed to borrow any clothes from Madame Rossini again .
tr	I	Right now he couldn 't bring himself to care , but Cain guessed that the longer he touched her , the more the separation would hurt .
tr	I	He wanted no part of it , but Aran knew what Ellis was thinking .
tr	O	She tore the garments out of his hand , and her French accent got the better of her .
tr	I	The group entered the building and Brinkman showed his identification to the guard .
tr	O	Adele shook her head ; but there had been nothing like this .
tr	O	He didn 't make many replies to whoever was on the line , but when he did , there was a certain anxiousness in his tone .
tr	O	He knew it was market day but he had no need for it .
tr	O	Her aged , soft hand grabbed mine , and she stroked my cheek with her other .
tr	O	one wrong step , and he wouldn 't stop rolling until he hit the foot of the mountain .
tr	O	Her visits stayed in his memories for a long time and he couldn 't remember the last time he 'd seen her .
tr	I	His heaving chest betrayed him , but Joshua covered his eyes to hide the tears .
tr	O	They were all crossed out , but Mac found something familiar on the list .
tr	O	My tongue traced the corner of her mouth , and I felt her teeth gently bit down on my bottom lip , causing my dick to twitch .
tr	O	He flinched , and she tried to hold her laughter in .
tr	O	A calico cat had taken up in here to have her babies , and one of the little kittens seemed to like me .
tr	I	They had been friends the whole time , and they had worked together at the paper .
tr	O	The fit was a little clingy , but the cut was simple .
tr	I	They nonetheless rushed me into surgery , but my pulse rate was so low that they couldn 't find it in my wrist .
tr	I	It cannot be much , but come on , I don 't ask what the Emperor promised .
tr	I	The mornings were still chilly , but it was October .
tr	I	He nodded at my phone and I turned to face him .
tr	O	I assure you that you won 't get into trouble , and it will be as quick as possible .
tr	I	He was more a nuisance than a serious problem , but Barrett was a pain in the ass .
tr	I	I blink out of my daze and the blonde in front of me says .
tr	I	Do something to end the fight himself ... or either that .
tr	O	The pain in my shoulder seemed duller and the cement in my legs more manageable .
tr	I	His shaggy hair hung around it perfectly and his face was angular .
tr	I	With her cast , it was difficult , but Nora tried to hurry down the stairs .
tr	O	I had seen Emma in action and she could do anything she pleased .
tr	I	He only said he 'd be back but Daniel 's eyes widened in surprise , as she spoke to him .
tr	I	It is my first reaction after what had happened between us but it is cruel .
tr	I	The wonderful , euphoric feeling dissipated like gas , and it was like falling into an ice bath .
tr	I	The stars began to disperse and Riddick shook his head out .
tr	I	The bow one of the others bore in a slender hand , and Marcus noted the weapons belted at one man 's hip .
tr	O	He could so easily hurt her , and yet she trusted him fully .
tr	I	I know he is , too , and I 'm staring at the floor .
tr	O	Jon clambered up and the girls followed .
tr	O	He wasn 't outright accusing her of an enchantment again , but there was a suspicious note in his tone .
tr	O	They both look scared but when they see me safe , it turns to anger .
tr	O	Deep somewhere in her heart she was truly grateful , but on the surface she was thinking , How dare he defend me like that !
tr	I	His eyes were large and his face had softened .
tr	O	He seemed , as always , to go through a peculiar sensation of melting , and then it was done .
tr	I	Carrying our 26th Century child and she was my Viking bride .
tr	O	As they cast off , each took an oar and they headed toward the dim lights on shore .
tr	O	Sydney 's face grew grave , and for the first time , I truly paid attention to the conditions we were in .
tr	O	Then she felt Michael jump , and for a breathless second she was weightless , suspended in midair as the light seemed to rush over her .
tr	I	My thoughts kept returning to Mary , but I wanted to turn off my brain .
tr	I	He looked just as confused and I looked over at Taylor .
tr	O	The food supplies were quickly stolen and the gun stores pillaged .
tr	I	For a breath he looked so much older than his twenty-one years , and Rob 's mouth got a little thinner .
tr	I	Whatever was left standing inside of me broke , and she smiled .
tr	O	His spectacles were sufficient to give his nose a new look , and the beard took care of the rest .
tr	I	Then , she sighed instead , but she almost shook her head .
tr	I	Deep down he 'd known he couldn 't ask her to do that , and military families made unimaginable sacrifices every day .
tr	O	Gran 's painkillers were worse than any broken bone , and I gave Cowboy a horrified look .
tr	I	He 's going to play cagey with us and he 's the one we know nothing about ?
tr	I	Her long fangs were dripping with her own blood and Lina 's eyes were white .
tr	I	He washed down the table and she handed him the hose .
tr	I	He didn 't ask , either - but I didn 't tell the Master what I was doing .
tr	O	All who saw this banner , would know , here rode a tribe of The Chosen and they followed the will of the Gods .
tr	I	On a final pump of his hips , I spiraled over the edge and he kissed me hard .
tr	O	His lips were cold , but his nose was colder .
tr	O	She knew the other guests were staring at her , but she told herself that tonight she didn 't care what people thought .
tr	I	He belongs to me , and I belong to Reyes .
tr	O	She turned her face toward mine and I could see the tears sink into her blouse .
tr	I	Clary tensed , and a murmur ran around the square .
tr	I	I heaved for breath and Sweat trickled into my eyes .
tr	O	I was leading Jacob on and he 'd finally had enough .
tr	O	This little known fact lit off an atomic bomb of curiosity , and Newmont suddenly became a glowing dot on the map .
tr	O	I turn on the TV and we sit side by side eating our Italian eggplant sandwiches .
tr	O	I thought about getting up , seeing if there was anything else in the fridge , but I didn 't want to move .
tr	I	He never looked much happier when he got back , but hope he had fun out there .
tr	O	He looked up at me and I thought he might yell .
tr	I	The tension between the two of them appears to have been alleviated a little and Lea flourishes her hand at him .
tr	I	Suddenly she felt very warm , and he smiled at her again .
tr	I	Her poised smile warned one not to get too close , yet her rosy , generous mouth invited a man 's kiss .
tr	O	They knew we were together , and that made me happy .
tr	O	The trumpets sounded and with great fanfare the Pet Bird called forth the executioner .
tr	I	They were going to support me , but they hadn 't really known Lisa .
tr	O	He had waited his whole life to find her , and now they had no relationship because of me .
tr	O	We wear the same thing and I ´ ll be the laughing stock at school all year round .
tr	O	He sang the next one looking at me , and I felt like my whole body would melt .
tr	I	With numbers in their favour , the Welsh would win and in a few minutes the enemy assault would hit the embankment .
tr	O	As Dan showered , I cleaned out Joanne 's old room for him , and I heard Jackson working on the doorknobs .
tr	O	He could only imagine that he must be an Order advisor , but he seemed too young to be advising his father this closely .
tr	O	They walked to the tavern , and Trae stepped inside the doorway .
tr	I	I 'll show you the rest of the house and come with me .
tr	O	Her ass was stinging and her clit was throbbing for attention .
tr	I	I realized that I 'd underestimated her , and she met my eyes slyly .
tr	O	The wall stilled , but there was no response .
tr	I	I let my mind wander , and we became silent after that .
tr	O	If he could have , he would have erased all hints of himself from her memory , but that was beyond his skills .
tr	I	She didn 't have to look at his eyes to know who it was , and a thrill went up Madrigal 's arm from the warming touch .
tr	I	It was obviously very lucrative and he was a land developer .
tr	O	Alanna 's eyes widened as he filled her , so big , but feeling so good .
tr	I	It wasn 't like she knew what she was missing , but well , that stunk .
tr	I	In my effort to not land on my leg , I slam into Nora , effectively pinning her to the counter , and I lose my balance .
tr	I	It was an immense effort of will simply to stay standing and she felt every bone in her body turn to jelly .
tr	O	Allow me to do this and I tell you a secret .
tr	O	You 're leaving and where you 're going there are no more questions .
tr	O	We 've hunted these monsters for so long , and we 've seen some pretty horrific sights .
tr	O	Again I try to struggle against the clanging metal , but the chains that bind me were strong .
tr	O	Royalty was an endless source of public fascination and romanticizing anywhere in the world .
tr	I	Her jeans were rolled up at the hems , and her wet hair hung in dark waves over her dirty gray tee shirt .
tr	I	Julie envisioned concealing herself in her lonely bedroom to ward off the memories of too many nights , and it seemed as good a solution as any .
tr	I	The next you simply disappear , and one minute I 'm watching you have a pleasant discussion with an invading Arcadian .
tr	I	He passed up most of them but he had plenty of offers from other orchestras to do guest conducting stints .
tr	O	He stopped outside the door and Tammy looked at him puzzled .
tr	O	He knew he had crossed a line , but he also knew he had no choice .
tr	O	It wasn 't too hard a mission to complete , since Hill does need a few new pilots , and I thought of suggesting the transfer myself .
tr	I	It kept them loyal to him , and it kept someone on the premises at all times .
tr	I	As the first hint of color touched the horizon , they were well past Tiger Rocks , and they cleared the camp without incident .
tr	O	He 's done what he 's supposed to do , and the title can be passed on .
tr	O	Another cry caused him to look up , and then he saw two small feet dangling ... from above .
tr	O	I didn 't want to miss the start of the show , and my sandwich was finished before I even entered the next building .
tr	O	She so needed to get off the phone , but he continued .
tr	I	Soon she was sighing in satisfaction and he gave her all the pleasure she craved , soothing her nipple with sweet strokes of his tongue .
tr	I	I think , There you go and she winces .
tr	I	Others have felt that way too , and I 'd feel the same way .
tr	I	He kicked my hand , and I tightened my grip .
tr	O	He would enjoy the company , and he 's a good man .
tr	I	For a smart kid you 're pretty dumb if you don 't understand that science isn 't perfect , and yes , I do believe that .
tr	I	We never did , but we had talked about documenting his intent in a will .
tr	O	The House looked empty , and that foretold nothing good .
tr	O	A gaping hole in one cheek revealed the whiteness of teeth , and the eye socket furthest from Mason was empty .
tr	O	She 'd had her lawyer review it , and the agreement had been signed just yesterday .
tr	I	People looked confused at each other , but nobody opposed .
tr	I	I wasn 't home , and I trust William 's opinions , of course .
tr	O	We pulled into the driveway , and I shut off the engine .
tr	O	I had almost found the secret of mountains , and I didn 't want it to escape me .
tr	I	His blood felt icy cold and the hairs on the nape of Matt 's neck stood out .
tr	I	The incision from surgery still pulled like hell , but the gunshot wound was six weeks old , the fractured bone about healed .
tr	O	He thinks , and I agree , that it would be stupid to put the girls together right now .
tr	I	She isn 't fixable and Nan is broken .
tr	O	He had her pinned to the wall , and she felt his arousal shoving against her .
tr	I	You know he 's going to keep us out until dark , but I have a ton of math homework to do tonight .
tr	O	In a way , this was always supposed to be my path , but it does not bring me comfort .
tr	O	He bent and for a moment she thought he would kiss her .
tr	I	The conversation too numbing and the martini was too dry .
tr	O	I may have to attach them to the outside hull , and that would eat in to my solar cell storage .
tr	I	I could think more clearly in the fresh morning air , and the ocean had a calming effect on me .
tr	O	I started to extend my hand to shake his , but one glance at his flame tattoo made me stop .
tr	I	Then bowed , smiling sheepishly , and Davion held himself for a moment .
tr	I	My aunt was nowhere to be seen , but Hunter was working in the dining room .
tr	O	I didn 't remember exactly what I 'd said , but I knew it wouldn 't make him look good .
tr	I	I followed shortly after and she began to cry .
tr	I	She didn 't doubt he 'd offer his sympathy , but Della didn 't think Burnett would hug her .
tr	O	We didn 't see very much of her , but at least her things were in my tower .
tr	O	He needed to keep morale up , or they 'd never get through this .
tr	O	I mean he 's right it is more than a flower to me , but I couldn 't possibly explain why , she thought to herself .
tr	I	They stayed well back , but a variety of curious onlookers were gathered at the roads leading deeper into the city .
tr	I	As you suspected , Liam , it was stolen , and she looked up the license number of the car .
tr	O	Her heart was pounding , but she tried to quiet it .
tr	I	I hear music playing , and the door is ajar .
tr	I	That was the extent of it , and she had only tolerated him .
tr	I	He tightened his jaw and Marcus felt the deepest pain cut into him .
tr	I	He remained mildly dizzy , and his head throbbed gently .
tr	I	This time the wyvern passed so close I could 've slapped its claws with the back of my hand , but my nimble steed dodged once more .
tr	O	They were covered in blood and they both were looking down at Katie in disbelief , shock maybe .
tr	O	I can 't help but to stare at it .
tr	O	Radiance twirled the staff like it was a baton and he was leading a parade .
tr	O	The light had increased and the humming was louder .
tr	O	This guilt is a joke , and it 's exhausting to watch you martyr yourself .
tr	I	I stepped back in surprise , and she screamed at me .
tr	O	Daniel stepped into the big hands and Mr. Hartley gently lifted him up .
tr	I	Sure enough , he got through , and he plugged the numbers in , just as Ashe had .
tr	O	There was no need to ask , and we both knew it .
tr	I	There was little I could do , but I suppressed a dart of impatience .
tr	O	She flicked a quick peek back up the mountain , and then her gaze sharpened on a flash of pink .
tr	I	Maybe she could find Kim , but she couldn 't find freedom .
tr	I	Iona lost hold of the wheel , and her hands changed to panther again .
tr	I	Animals across the city protested in a sudden cacophony , and the buildings shook with such violence they threatened to topple .
tr	I	All color was a pale shadow of what it once had been , and the rolling wheat was gray .
tr	I	He thought he 'd never seen a sexier smile -- and then she looked down .
tr	I	You need to get him back for me , and I need Henry , Father .
tr	O	Edward had started to rise , but Lisa kicked the chair out from under him .
tr	I	She returned the smile and he smiled at her .
tr	O	He 's in my science class , but he doesn 't say much .
tr	O	They made it back , but the price of that safety was my brother 's life .
tr	O	I curl into a ball on the seat and I cry until we pull into the airport hangar .
tr	O	His brain was about to explode , and he was being a complete dickhead .
tr	O	Lizzie 's dad did not respond , but she imagined that he would be angry with the Cardinal , though she couldn 't quite understand the accusation .
tr	I	Underneath she seemed pleased , but he could sense she was a bit irritated at her friend .
tr	I	I drift off to sleep and it 's a losing battle .
tr	I	She wanted to see him again and she didn 't know , only that this was the most perfect , frightening night of her life .
tr	I	Trina agrees with her and Mel rolls her eyes .
tr	I	I knocked three times , and we walked up to the door .
tr	I	He just chuckled , but I nodded .
tr	I	He leaned into her again and his hand came up to rest beside her head .
tr	I	I knew it didn 't quite reach my eyes , but I allowed a small smile .
tr	I	Pat was dead , yet neither did murder .
tr	I	That had been a special kind of marriage , but he hadn 't been celibate since Mada 's death .
tr	O	I step inside , dragging Rex with me , and the wolf follows behind us .
tr	O	Of course I am , but I shake my head .
tr	O	This wasn 't true , but I was feeling territorial again .
tr	I	He didn 't care what anyone said , and something was seriously wrong with that man .
tr	I	Mary Martin was playing Annie in Chicago and Ethel Merman was playing Annie in New York .
tr	I	Water Rats more recently and I saw you at The King 's Head once .
tr	I	I wonder about her family , and she seems genuinely interested .
tr	I	I wanted to make sure it was all as it needed to be , but the funeral director would be handling most of the arrangements .
tr	I	I turned to find the source , and the sound of giggles reached me .
tr	I	She basically ignored me and I quit twice .
tr	I	Anyway , he would not give them the satisfaction of seeing him grovel to them for his life and it was too late to struggle .
tr	O	I checked my pockets but it wasn 't there .
tr	O	My father walked up to me with his political grin and I knew he wanted something from me .
tr	O	They walked slowly away from the scene and back the way they had come .
tr	I	They were nowhere in sight , but Chuck knew they were home .
tr	I	He stopped her with a hand to her shoulder , and she made to follow him .
tr	I	She was crying loudly , and one of the robbers was yelling at Brandy , one of my fellow tellers , to open the safe .
tr	I	For the swords they still carried but their hands were empty .
tr	O	The others kids noted the remarkable bond between us and it was the talk of the school by lunchtime .
tr	O	She looked for Shadow , but the cat was gone .
tr	O	I heard a sound behind me and I turned around , finding Jackson standing at the doorway to the bedroom .
tr	I	He caught it , and she tossed them to Speedo .
tr	I	It feels really small sometimes , but New York might be a big city .
tr	O	I didn 't want to , but I did spend a lot of the week watching the news .
tr	I	Her lips give a nervous twitch , and she lets go of my hand .
tr	I	I didn 't like having to change my plans , and I was going to have to do something different .
tr	O	It flew away shortly after and I walked over to the lake .
tr	I	I blew it and I overreacted .
tr	I	I took a deep breath , trying to keep my stomach from doing somersaults , and he nodded .
tr	I	She was losing substance , but I clutched at her .
tr	O	Her tongue felt like dry leather inside her mouth and she took another sip of water before continuing .
tr	O	One door led to Ken 's room , and the other led to the bathroom .
tr	I	She wanted him here , but it was selfish .
tr	I	I tried to focus on them now , when so much of me was feeling exposed , and they were so nice that even strangers noticed .
tr	I	His phone wasn 't handy , but his phone dinged indicating a new text message .
tr	I	I felt like I was watching a professional group perform and the band was on fire that night .
tr	I	He 'd become confident in the abilities of his subordinate Officers and the company was making significant leaps every day .
tr	I	That might be a big if , and we would have to be quiet -- if I could get through to her .
tr	I	A bad case of vertigo followed , and my breath hitched in my lungs .
tr	I	I fall fast , and I fall hard .
tr	I	His mouth curved , revealing his charming dimple , and his brilliant blue gaze lit with amusement .
tr	I	Emma had followed her into the parking lot , but she 'd driven herself .
tr	I	The other 's head drooped and his sunken eyes flared .
tr	I	He couldn 't bring himself to care about that either , but he supposed he ought to be angry , even afraid .
tr	O	I wouldn 't say I was forward , but I made a move when I was interested .
tr	O	It was close to night and the air had cooled considerably .
tr	O	She swore Isaac was his and he believed her .
tr	O	A breeze blew through the alley and I smelled the putrid sweetness of garbage in June mixed with the rotten stench of decay .
tr	I	Mia laughed and she stuck out her tongue .
tr	O	We 'd get to hear the heartbeat today , and I was giddy with excitement .
tr	O	You 're tribe has wasted my time and I 'm taking something to compensate .
tr	I	My hair keeps blowing around , obscuring my vision , and it 's blustery .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure , but believed that in order to reach the far galaxy , we must move to an alternate universe , a parallel universe .
tr	I	She hadn 't been aiming for it , anyway , but it wasn 't an absolute bull 's - eye .
tr	I	He was dead for another , and some part of me knew they weren 't going to find Ethan for one .
tr	O	Jamie was heavier than she appeared and her dress didn 't bend easily .
tr	O	Mat was all she had left , and taking care of her was hard enough for him .
tr	O	The door opens and Kyla springs into action , aiming to kill .
tr	I	I suppose I could imagine a future with him , and I like Taylor .
tr	O	Now she is sure , but she 's too afraid of being rejected to tell you .
tr	I	There was emotion in his eyes , but his voice was soft , earnest .
tr	O	My arm is still in a cast , and I tell everyone it was an accident .
tr	O	It was musical and it matched the colors that surrounded her .
tr	I	Everyone is quiet , and the other Dauntless traitors follow suit soon after .
tr	I	He held her firm but she tried to jerk away from his touch .
tr	I	Others had been punctured between their legs , but some were lifted by pikes shoved under their jaws .
tr	O	He didn 't sense any signs of deceit , but that didn 't mean he trusted her .
tr	I	Jack could hear nothing , not even his own squealing tires as he sped away , but the door slammed behind him .
tr	O	It might take me some time to track this guy , but I 'll call you as soon as I know something .
tr	O	My sister has that ability with her power of serenity , but I haven 't gotten to that point .
tr	O	It all seems pretty obvious , but I don 't want to forget any of it .
tr	I	She was right to try , and Annabelle had said she wanted to move on .
tr	I	Gareth 's heart lifted to see Hywel 's banner streaming above the cavalry , and the soldiers came on at a trot .
tr	I	I see I have his attention , but Stenger is eyeing me with suspicion .
tr	I	Todd couldn 't remember feeling so alive , but the hours they slept could be counted on one hand .
tr	O	You make one phone call and within minutes four brothers show up with rifles .
tr	I	He always had my back , and he was trustworthy , handsome , strong .
tr	O	Miles has been twelfth since 2015 when the bill was written and the incarceration initiated .
tr	O	She had no recollection of how she arrived to the place , but she knew she liked it .
tr	O	He lunged at her , and she met him halfway .
tr	O	The shops stayed open on Saturday night , and it was only eight thirty .
tr	O	Winter howled outside , but Jane was too warmed by Ian 's love to feel the least chill .
tr	O	His younger self had sustained much more damage and he 'd survived that .
tr	O	Bethany was going to die , and it was all his fault .
tr	O	The frayed rope tied around her wrists had gauged out chunks of skin , and a bone penetrated the skin where her ankle should be .
tr	I	He was willing to make it up to her ... but well , he did .
tr	O	They 'd been through so much together , and they 'd meant so much to each other .
tr	O	I 'm instantly weakened but I hold my nerve .
tr	I	It didn 't quite temper the edginess that I seemed to carry around with me permanently , now , but Work was a welcome distraction .
tr	O	His hand found the edge of my shirt and it traveled up until he cupped my breast .
tr	O	His heart was thumping all over his body , and a line of sweat slithered behind his ear .
tr	I	Carmel assumed she was mad and her face was so serious .
tr	I	We don 't even know that she 's gone in for sure and you guys shouldn 't go back in there .
tr	O	A huge smile crept over Katherine 's face and her eyes lit up .
tr	O	Jude was a rock star , their savior , and they were paying him homage .
tr	I	On 3 sides of the Island you can still see land and I 've just searched some photos .
tr	O	The blood flowed faster , and the Red Caps began to cluster around him too .
tr	I	She blinks as a few tears fall , and mom 's hand goes to her mouth .
tr	I	I sensed danger , but I could only see a few metres down it .
tr	I	I was going to go get it , and I wanted something .
tr	O	She let Mick down and he bounded back inside .
tr	I	I ignore them but I 'm starting to see little flashing spots before my eyes .
tr	I	They stomped their spears in greeting , and Captain Westfall jerked his chin at the two guards standing on either side of the doors .
tr	I	Finding that this is a pretty usual state for me , but I ask , slightly confused .
tr	O	My heart fell with his request and the tears came to my eyes .
tr	I	They are dumb but they are strong .
tr	O	It buzzed straight toward me with menace and it wasn 't Selene .
tr	O	He put his hand on the screen , and I put mine up against it .
tr	O	I 'm in love with her and I 'm living on borrowed time .
tr	O	They were , but I could tell that Elle was more upset than she was letting on .
tr	I	I was damn good at it and I loved my job .
tr	I	I turned to see him walking toward us and Mase 's heavy footsteps broke into my thoughts .
tr	O	They came to the next floor , but it was locked .
tr	O	Vines grew over the blackened shells and the trees crowded in , the forest starting to claim back its place in the sun .
tr	I	She fought sleep 's call , but the roar of the ocean outside lulled her .
tr	I	They were within the orbit of Saturn and if memory serves me , there were about three hundred of them .
tr	O	It struck him in the chest and he flew backward , dropping the gun .
tr	I	She really liked it and I took her to see the house yesterday .
tr	O	You 've done enough , and I 'm always in your debt .
tr	O	He was tired of helping me out , and I was damn tired of needing him .
tr	O	She lost a shoe in the attack and he did not retrieve it for her .
tr	O	Claire actually felt the locks she 'd put on the portals snap , and the connection open .
tr	I	I 'm acting all crazy and they aren 't even here .
tr	O	My legs tightened , and I moaned in release .
tr	O	he screamed , and Julie flinched at the fury in his tone .
tr	I	Tears just rolled down my cheeks , but I was trying not to cry .
tr	O	She hadn 't expected a coherent answer from Maya ... but she 'd gotten one .
tr	O	I 've spoken to him on the phone a few times , but I 've only seen him once since then , about ten years ago .
tr	O	I 'm sorry that this has caused problems in your life , but I 'm not sure how I can help you .
tr	O	He sounded resigned on hearing the news and he sounded less angry , less guilty than he had a week ago .
tr	I	He was crawling away on all fours through the fern , and Gollum had just begun to sneak off on his own .
tr	O	She stopped next to him , and he thrust the now urgently fussing Sarah in her arms .
tr	I	Neither did I. I walked around the bed , and Denver didn 't drop his gaze to look at it .
tr	I	I couldn 't recall when I had last eaten , and the pangs of hunger had caught up to me .
tr	I	It stung momentarily , and she bumped her head against what felt like a rocky outcropping in any case .
tr	I	Though he 'd directed her life , she 'd never doubted that he loved her and he 'd raised her alone .
tr	I	It would help my career immensely but she said she would miss me .
tr	I	She didn 't dare touch it until Victoria gave it to her , but Lilith stood close .
tr	I	He would have her for all time , and she was his alone .
tr	O	Again , the elevator didn 't announce its arrival , but the airplane stole everyone 's attention by flying towards the open doors .
tr	O	I let him pull me closer and we start swaying to the music .
tr	I	We 'll gloss over those , but it has its own disadvantages .
tr	O	The loud crack it made did not make her jump , and the sight of its ripped spine did not bother her in the slightest .
tr	I	An internal locking mechanism triggered the seal , and it swung shut .
tr	I	She was in LA so I moved there but after a week I found her .
tr	I	His bravado was leaking but he tried for a sneer .
tr	I	She looked down by moving her eyes instead of her head , and something stirred inside her .
tr	I	She tried to push aside her growing attraction to him , and her body warmed at his touch .
tr	I	Hearing this made her heart ache , but Caitlin was happy .
tr	O	Deep within the tangled darkness , twigs snapped and branches rustled as things moved through the brambles .
tr	I	I was nominated for an Oscar and the movie won the Box Office Blue Ribbon Award .
tr	I	They paled in comparison to having this man in control , but yeah , she 'd had self-induced orgasms over the years .
tr	I	I 'm sure we can work something out , but I don 't know how much time being a muse demands .
tr	I	He had heard her , yet she had not spoken the words aloud .
tr	O	I woke up around seven , and I really , really didn 't want to get out of bed .
tr	O	None of this is your fault Bethany and it all worked out for the best .
tr	O	He darted down the street , but the demons were already gone .
tr	O	He had tried without success to prevent Tyler from getting out of bed and he wasn 't having much luck convincing Tyler to return to bed now .
tr	I	Since I was dressed for the part , I opted to play party girl , and it was time to bluff .
tr	I	Barry began another massive rolling of his eyes and Bernstein now was ready for his Soup Speech .
tr	O	Females avoided them , and while Shifters respected them , they were also uneasy around them .
tr	I	You 're welcome to stand there , or you 're welcome to return it .
tr	O	They walked in and the atmosphere changed .
tr	I	The game was largely played in silence , to a tie , and Caroline was just as determined .
tr	I	I know she means me well , and Renée has been kind to me .
tr	I	She was angry , but Jiao said nothing .
tr	I	It has to be Anthony , and it has to be now .
tr	O	I wanted to throw him off me , but I just stood there frozen .
tr	I	He stared at King Ignis with a look that bordered on contempt , and he was dressed in amour of the manner of his men .
tr	O	The boys had been working on it for two days , and there was still days more work to do .
tr	O	She pointed to Soul 's corpse and Hiro sharply looked away , his stomach tightening .
tr	O	Every girl in school 's crazy about him and he asked me .
tr	I	The goose shifted its gaze to him , and Tar stepped toward it .
tr	I	I could control myself perfectly , and I was strong , bold .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I slid into the lane next to her , attempting to ignore her .
tr	O	Alexander knew he should have ignored her from the start , but he had a tendency to want to make everyone happy .
tr	I	I 'm fine , but I know you saw that report on CNN .
tr	O	He walked up behind me , and I still didn 't look at him .
tr	I	When you 're young , you really don 't think about it , but hearing other people 's thoughts is really annoying more than anything else .
tr	I	The force of it spun me and I wasn 't expecting it .
tr	I	Yet the first person she 'd wanted to turn to in this crisis had been Troy , and that was progress .
tr	O	Her lips were parted and she let out a soft moan , unable to control herself .
tr	I	Black 's first conclusion was a no-brainer , and it was an extract from a national publication which had been pasted into the local edition .
tr	O	Grandma Mary was sweet , and she loved juicy gossip .
tr	O	The door opened wide and Max Manning stepped through .
tr	O	The Guardian knocked , and the door opened .
tr	O	Our eyes met and he smiled as he continued to speak , never taking his eyes off me .
tr	I	I am rigid with alarm as Jake 's truck materializes around the corner and the cough of an abused engine startles me .
tr	O	Rory had thought Cain said that his daughter wasn 't his by birth , but the feeling she had now was unmistakable .
tr	I	I did feel a little lighter but I didn 't laugh .
tr	O	Blood tests had proved I carried several different kinds of lycanthropy inside me , but I stayed human .
tr	O	Her star sign decreed nesting , and she was helpless to resist .
tr	I	They spent a lot of time there , and he had built a treehouse for her .
tr	O	His knee jumped up , and a circle of blood began to expand on his pants .
tr	O	Miss Black won 't give me another chance , and I don 't want one .
tr	I	Everyone seemed to believe them and the government made up some reason for why I was gone so long .
tr	I	She had never dared repeat it , but he had told it to her often , the sound blending with his accent to form something beautiful .
tr	I	He looked away , but Ali tried to make eye contact with him .
tr	O	The quaking was getting more severe , and the pauses were becoming less frequent .
tr	I	That had been thirty years ago , and the cousin was never seen again .
tr	O	She pulled open the door , and the room filled with bright light .
tr	I	I don 't know why and I just break the glass .
tr	O	I was never one with a flair for language but I know that .
tr	I	Behind her defiance he saw great fear , but the light in her eyes was angry , very angry .
tr	I	He had Damian 's back , but Jenson could be an ass .
tr	I	The door panels stayed closed for several minutes , and the elevator door closed before she could exit .
tr	I	He meant it kindly , but a little stiff perhaps .
tr	I	What was worse , but he was furious ?
tr	I	I can 't say I blame them , and no other Supernatural will join our war .
tr	O	I didn 't want to say it on the phone , but they already tried to get Iliana once today .
tr	I	You had heroes , and you had civilisation , such as it was .
tr	I	He 'd made an effort but I 'd been so mad at him I hadn 't even noticed .
tr	O	She was obviously listening , but she wasn 't looking at her husband .
tr	I	He roared , and a sheaf of dark hair sprouted from his head , his tiny face screwed up .
tr	O	I said we 're gon na have , and I meant it !
tr	O	Kylie had nothing against cute warlocks , but Perry was one of their own .
tr	I	I don 't need to see her face to know she agrees , but it 's too dark to see Nina 's expression .
tr	O	The scissors began to snip away dark locks of his hair , but his eyes were transfixed by the puckered skin of his scar .
tr	I	I bring her hand down with mine and my hand drops from her face .
tr	I	He fumbled for words and Thomas ' cheeks heated up .
tr	I	There were a few that would take a bit longer , but apart from my new tattoo , most of my wounds were already healing .
tr	O	Mia Snow was waiting for us inside , and I experienced a wave of deja vu .
tr	I	They 'd lost sight of hope years ago and they didn 't feel control because they didn 't see a solution .
tr	O	Ash inhaled deeply and his eyes darkened to a stormy blue .
tr	I	I don 't understand why he thinks this is funny and Rian lets out a laugh .
tr	O	Her feet stuck in the mud and she nearly fell flat on her face .
tr	O	He brought a different girl home every couple of weeks to meet our parents , and every date seemed crazy about him .
tr	I	Not believing it and like being handed a winning lottery ticket .
tr	I	You won 't be able to deal with it , and Stuff will come out .
tr	I	He gathered the strength for one more shot at her , but beads of perspiration were breaking out on his forehead .
tr	O	Mom 's half was part Scottish , part Greek , but Nadia didn 't bother mentioning that .
tr	O	He 'd never done that before , looked back , and he didn 't like it .
tr	O	Tegan drew out four wooden boxes and we took them to the sofa to see what they contained .
tr	O	There were still tens of thousands of people living below in the darkness , but it seemed almost everyone was clambering to escape .
tr	O	Her face is drawn , gaunt and my tears finally escape .
tr	I	We 'd been moved to other duties since then , and the powers above Alex were thankful for our efforts that day .
tr	O	The tower is tilted , nudged , but it stands .
tr	I	It had turned out to be a fairly good actor in a red suit , but of course , it wasn 't the real one .
tr	I	What I see fills me with dismay , and I can peer through the glass doors .
tr	I	His hand moved toward his pocket , where I could see a gleam of silver , and his eyelids fluttered .
tr	I	I can 't figure it out what it is , yet it 's like her words have a hidden meaning .
tr	I	She stroked his thick mane without conscious thought , and he needed to feel her touch , the brush of her fingers in his hair .
tr	I	Her body began to relax , and Amusement was creeping into her voice .
tr	O	The wounded could not stand to fight , but neither did the hail of arrows cease .
tr	O	His words echoed in my ears and it was suddenly hard to breathe .
tr	I	They 'd gotten scattered a little and I 'd leafed through them briefly .
tr	I	His eyes grew a tad brighter with obvious anger , and he asked .
tr	I	She fixed her eyes on Sini and her fingers rubbed her pendant .
tr	I	Immediately I turned away and his gaze met mine .
tr	O	I am going to celebrate Christmas tomorrow , even if it is just me and a little tree , what you do is up to you .
tr	I	I saw now that it had begun to wane , but the moon was high in the sky , as it had been the night before .
tr	I	That included a floor , and there was nothing beyond .
tr	O	It hit her shoulders when she jumped off and she noticed blood flowing out .
tr	I	He 'd tricked her , and this thing was a demon .
tr	I	The lifting up is His death on the cross , and the Son of man is Jesus Christ .
tr	I	His touch was gentle , but his hands gripped her ankles .
tr	O	That seemed to answer my question but I wanted to be absolutely sure .
tr	I	She really hated herself each time she detonated in his arms , and she didn 't think she 'd be able to tell him no .
tr	I	I suddenly remembered that he didn 't know how to swim , and he backed up as the tide washed onto the beach .
tr	I	The heist will happen as it 's supposed to , and I 'll knock him out , drag him outside .
tr	O	That 's me and Saturday night lately .
tr	O	Her friend was hurting and she didn 't know how to encourage her .
tr	O	Logan would orchestrate every nefarious plan he could devise , and Tabby would execute it .
tr	O	I don 't want to give up and I don 't want to lose him .
tr	I	Maybe Aunt M had finally got what she wanted , and she had wanted to go to that happy place .
tr	O	So far , his confusion hasn 't gotten dangerous , but I still worry .
tr	I	I suck in a mouthful of air when I see the face walking through and my body goes rigid .
tr	I	Her eyes didn 't show anything and she didn 't look at him .
tr	O	Jay 's voice broke in on his thoughts , and he looked up at her , then down at the coffee .
tr	I	I gasp and he turns to me .
tr	I	Putting them back on my bed and Lottie started folding shirts .
tr	O	With time , I might have started a family with someone , but I never would have found real love .
tr	O	Get it together , Sutton , I tell myself , and I straighten up .
tr	O	We 're gon na tell it , and we 're gon na finish it .
tr	O	His arms dropped to his side , and then he turned to face me .
tr	I	It 's not like money had ever made me happy , but I hadn 't had to worry about money .
tr	O	All it would 've taken was a small twist of chance and it might 've been Jake everyone was grieving for .
tr	O	He says he gets it , but I don 't see how .
tr	I	He held it tighter , and I tried to jerk my arm back .
tr	O	She wasn 't accusing him of doing anything with them , but she couldn 't keep having people stand in her place .
tr	I	Jamie decided to ignore it , but his attitude was slightly defensive .
tr	O	Perhaps there is more to it , but it will take greater minds than mine to see what .
tr	O	He couldn 't believe how much he missed Morgan , and she 'd only been gone one day .
tr	I	I wouldn 't have received this note or I must be getting close .
tr	O	She sounds young , but it 's hard to tell with some women .
tr	I	My eyebrows reach for the ceiling and I felt my eyes widen .
tr	I	His fingers tightened around hers , but the waves of anger were still rolling off of him .
tr	I	He would be done as far as his time setter job , and those additional jumps would bring Ryan to his twelfth trip .
tr	I	I was known as his pet , and I had learned that Draco was what demon 's considered my master .
tr	I	Someone else may take her home and if he didn 't see her she would probably go to Salisbury .
tr	O	His body is my jungle gym , and I wrap my legs around him .
tr	O	Acheron was a man of infinite patience and Talon had never seen Acheron exasperated before .
tr	O	Her shirt was a little bloody and I hoped it was somebody else 's .
tr	I	Things just got uglier every month , and I was doing the whole highway patrol thing , handing out citations , arresting drunk drivers .
tr	O	It wasn 't quite palm branches but the clapping would have to do .
tr	O	She refused to compliment him on the crisp , delicious wine he 'd chosen but it was delightful .
tr	O	He 'd made that clear to each one of them earlier , and they 'd understood their duty .
tr	I	He tilts my chin so that I can 't look away from him , but my gaze darts away from his .
tr	O	A fall might not kill me , but good God , it would hurt .
tr	O	The night air gave her a chill , and she wrapped her arms across her chest .
tr	O	I co-operated fully with you , and I made it clear that I have nothing further to say , so get out of my way , lady .
tr	O	There are some theories that the slow fire of the oxidation process has something to do with it , but no one has ever truly tested it .
tr	I	You never felt other people like that , but you were always strong .
tr	O	She should leave after a comment like that , but she couldn 't .
tr	I	I run back to the bathroom and Gavin takes the phone from my hand .
tr	O	Here it was right in front of me all the time and I didn 't have the brains to see it .
tr	I	A large picture of Austen greeted everyone inside the church and there were flowers everywhere .
tr	I	It didn 't matter now , but maybe it was true that she was a silly girl who fell in love all too easily .
tr	O	It was the voice of a woman she had never heard , but it was comforting in its earnest plea .
tr	O	She couldn 't understand a word , but it was familiar all the same .
tr	I	The Davis building was empty now , but the lights were still on inside .
tr	I	I tugged on the sides of my woolen cloak , and the mountain air now felt cold .
tr	O	He followed me inside of my house and that 's when everything broke loose .
tr	I	She gazed back at her guardian , and Theodosia looked at her in astonishment .
tr	I	Most of their thoughts are unimportant , but people think much .
tr	O	A dining table has been set with linens , and my father is in deep discussion with Edward .
tr	I	Her hair seemed to thin before my eyes , and this morning , her face was ridiculously pale .
tr	O	The night holds fast , and the song lulls me with sweet siren notes .
tr	I	I quickly realized they were bruised , not broken , but she gasped when I touched her ribs on the side she 'd landed on .
tr	I	Some of the pages are falling off from the spiral and the edges of the cover are tattered .
tr	O	I know my boss detects that I 'm on my way down and he is on my case every single day .
tr	I	The smith bulged outwards , and he whispered .
tr	O	The sound wasn 't stealthy , but it was time to act .
tr	O	We finished the translations , and Madame assigned our homework .
tr	O	Telling her the full curse would lead to unnecessary panic and now he understood exactly why his mother didn 't know .
tr	I	She took an angry step forward and Izzy 's hands curled into fists .
tr	I	The world began to spin , and suddenly the adrenaline that had kept me upright was gone .
tr	O	They could be harmless or they could be dangerous .
tr	I	I think he 's happy being there , and people still adore him .
tr	I	My pager would vibrate and I used to go to your recitals .
tr	I	She was smarter than she 'd realized and that was actually a blessing .
tr	O	Her pack broke through the trees and she saw then what she hunted .
tr	O	He was going to be firm but he could keep his temper in check .
tr	O	The soldiers were probably racing through the streets of Mount Jackson to make a ruckus , and he felt foolish to be caught in their trap .
tr	O	I had him , and he knew it .
tr	O	When the girls finished , they headed outside in their winter gear and the foursome raced off .
tr	I	Wasn 't a member of the Hunt and she wasn 't dressed like any of the servants .
tr	I	She squirmed frantically , and she felt the probe go in deeper .
tr	I	Lukas led her as easily as if it were broad daylight , but she may as well have been , considering the blackness that surrounded her .
tr	I	I won 't run errands for producers - especially not for Hummel , but I may have to stand under streetlights swinging my plastic purse .
tr	I	Then she suddenly stood up , but Georgina appeared deep in thought .
tr	O	The more he thought about it , the more he believed , Mister was a lot like Joshua having a loaded gun , and that is scary .
tr	O	He opened the door and when he saw me , I knew he knew why I was here .
tr	O	I had the memories of him , and if dreams were the only way I could remember him , be with him , so be it .
tr	I	Everyone is silent , and the clip ends .
tr	O	We were all saddened by his absence , and our work had little joy in it .
tr	I	She felt her heart skip a beat and he smiled at her then .
tr	O	Like the memory is there , but I can 't retrieve it .
tr	I	She was a good person , and she was beautiful .
tr	I	She 'd been prepared to make adjustments if he balked and there were some changes that would cost more than a pretty penny .
tr	O	The guys could have been wearing used garbage bags , and they would still have looked hot .
tr	O	She paused , suppressing her hunger , but then just devoured it .
tr	I	She turned around so Paul couldn 't see her weakness , and one slid down her cheek .
tr	O	I glanced at Roth , but his expression was unreadable .
tr	O	He was at four , and it would take another four trips to get back to 1872 .
tr	I	He joined her , and Elizabeth was seated at the kitchen table .
tr	O	The roof is smashed open and things are starting to catch fire .
tr	O	Nadine went with her and I tore my gaze away from her to look around for Rick .
tr	I	He drew a long , shuddering breath , and Tiger Man 's gaze went to Amanda .
tr	I	He went over to get my clothes , tossing them to me and Marshall laughed .
tr	O	The walls around her seemed to be closing in , and she gasped , shivering .
tr	O	She knew the cops had gone through it and she flinched at the thought .
tr	O	A sigh shuddered through him and he tore his eyes away from the harbor .
tr	I	Nothing like this , but the claustrophobia had been bad before .
tr	I	I couldn 't move , but I attempted to sink into my seat in order to hide .
tr	I	That was not to be , but he wished he were getting the hell out of here tonight .
tr	O	At times they 'd be kissing and he 'd stop , stand up , take a few steps away , shaking his hands out .
tr	I	He is very , very confused , Eli , and Young spirits are often confused .
tr	O	They had a lot to discuss , but the item at the very top of his list was this purported move .
tr	O	He was still smiling but his words were serious .
tr	I	His eyes were screwed shut , and his face was pale .
tr	I	Her underlying scent was warm with wanting , and she smelled clean like a mountain meadow .
tr	O	I felt like it would consume me , and I welcomed it .
tr	I	I refused to let go , but I felt blood trickle from my nose .
tr	O	Lydia said that she would tell the others , and they would meet us there .
tr	O	We had a minor brush with some trees , but what did I say ?
tr	I	I tell him so and I know what amnesia is !
tr	O	I knew exactly what she wanted , but I pretended to not to notice .
tr	O	His Majesty was an old man , but an old man restored to health .
tr	I	You must 've been out of range , but I tried calling half an hour ago .
tr	O	He 'd gotten his point across and he needed to slow down .
tr	O	His mouth left my breast and he pulled my face to his .
tr	I	I read the journal because it 's brilliant , and I 've lived here since I was born .
tr	I	Lauren claps her hands together , and Max leaves .
tr	O	She inhaled , clamping her mouth shut , but it just flew back open .
tr	O	He sometimes wondered if a good fight would help their marriage , but it took two to fight .
tr	I	I stopped it in mid air with a burst of energy , and the football came sailing at my head , then .
tr	I	Perhaps it held one before the pox epidemic , and you can tell it was built for a larger gathering .
tr	O	I tried to nap in the Queen room , but being by myself was more creepy than comforting .
tr	O	Rhona 's father tapped her shoulder and she stepped back into the tent .
tr	O	Sasha 's perfect lips parted , and the hand at his side clenched into a fist as he took a step closer to her .
tr	I	I need to sleep , but there are things I need to tell you , tell everybody .
tr	O	The sun is shining , but the wind is still cold .
tr	I	He didn 't stop walking , but he soon lost the individual .
tr	O	It 's a peculiar symbiosis , using the beacons themselves to jump , but I think this is what the ancients intended all along .
tr	I	I had other things on my mind , but it seemed odd that Beale would assign a footman to look after us for a Coach ride .
tr	I	We both started laying out our defenses on his map , and I sat down beside him .
tr	O	He was forty-eight and my mother was left with all eight of us to raise .
tr	O	Lies are true , and truth is punished .
tr	I	I was still broken , but he might have healed .
tr	I	The engine still rumbled low , and the cabin light burned bright .
tr	I	They just don 't have the answers or we don 't know if they 're intentionally keeping information from us .
tr	I	As she said , I had time to decide , and Thalia 's enthusiasm was definitely contagious .
tr	I	He was taking deep breaths , trying to fight through the obvious pain , but his entire body was trembling .
tr	O	I book them gigs and they don 't complain .
tr	O	It was the hinges creaking as the light died , and the doors were closed .
tr	O	The lawns were tiny with little grass , but the dirt was neatly swept .
tr	O	He struck its upper arm as well and the armor collapsed instantly from the force .
tr	O	I couldn 't suppress my laugh , and she shot me a dirty look .
tr	I	It worked for her , but I wasn 't sure if the tendrils were intentional .
tr	O	You have to find them and they grow in your conscience .
tr	O	Cynthiana 's protector was either gambling that they 'd come back ... or he knew another reason why I 'd be a valuable hostage .
tr	I	They looked at the table and the others followed .
tr	O	I can 't wait to get you home so that you will know that our family is fine and everything will be alright .
tr	O	I put my hand on his arm and he let me turn him toward me .
tr	I	I wasn 't complaining , but Moving didn 't qualify .
tr	I	No kiss had ever made me feel so much before , but it wasn 't my first kiss .
tr	O	The room began spinning and I gasped for air .
tr	O	They scare me because I know their source , and I know I won 't be able to hold them back .
tr	O	She had been an elf of splendid , delicate beauty , and he was her only son .
tr	I	I could tell he was pacing , and he growled .
tr	I	I tore into my packet , and we 'd grabbed some trail mix from the dining hall this morning .
tr	I	She felt Rush 's eyes slowly search her face , and she was stunned .
tr	I	She had to smile , and his companions were shaking their heads emphatically .
tr	I	His tight chest seized and a memory came to Colin .
tr	O	Apparently Chad resolved to kill me himself , but I decided not to go meekly to the slaughter .
tr	I	He showed it visibly and this had shaken him .
tr	I	Her fingernails dug into Hanna 's skin , and her lips curled into a cruel smile .
tr	I	There were rust spots around the bottom and his box was older .
tr	O	We looked at Nurse Watkins and Nurse Watkins looked at us .
tr	O	I guess I do appear to be pretty mysterious , but really , I 'm not .
tr	O	He opened his mouth , but no words came out .
tr	O	Her eyes are blue like mine , and her face is framed with curls .
tr	O	I asked for admittance and they let me inside .
tr	O	She had only heard the words once , but she had always been a quick study .
tr	O	No one would ever guess I was the shy retiring one , and Tamsin was a loud outgoing personality .
tr	I	He had to task himself with treating her gently , no matter that she said she was recovered and it mirrored his own .
tr	O	Guy Jarrod was a drug and her body craved its fix .
tr	O	Sean glanced pointedly at Killian , and Killian glared back at him .
tr	O	They settled in on the plush leather couch as the engine turned over and the boat started back across the water .
tr	I	Again nothing happened , and I tried again .
tr	O	I hoped the others would say at least that much , but they didn 't .
tr	O	Thayer Vega had shown up at her house , and Emma hadn 't introduced Ethan as her boyfriend .
tr	I	I believed it and his eyes were smiling .
tr	O	Patrick almost fainted when I told him how much to offer for Jasmine , but I was firm .
tr	I	He wrapped his arms around my waist and he pulled me to him so our chests were touching .
tr	I	He felt the thin blades , razor-sharp , cutting deep , but in his present form he was able to slip through .
tr	I	There wasn 't much money in that , but after graduating , I worked for the Duke Maritime Institute as a dive specialist .
tr	O	I hold out my hand to him and he takes it .
tr	I	It didn 't matter , but even infuriated , Hope was already ready to admit that .
tr	O	It might be coincidence , or it might not be .
tr	O	She pretended to ignore him , but he didn 't buy it .
tr	I	That could be used to Dominic 's advantage , and the man really didn 't like the visitors .
tr	O	Gabriel had gotten used to Nolen never calling him by his first name , and he responded with a glance .
tr	O	We could talk , but we didn 't have to all get nak * d together .
tr	I	The tape limited me to mumbles but I tried to scream in protest .
tr	O	She hadn 't seen him in years , but he still held that rakish air .
tr	I	Paul settled himself under the blanket with a sigh of satisfaction and it was luxuriously warm in the coach .
tr	I	She understood the feeling and his eyes closed briefly .
tr	I	She walked the long hallway one last time and Chapter Thirty Emma felt nervous down to her toes as Albert .
tr	I	I reminded myself that this was a fling and I felt an insidious warmth in my chest .
tr	O	She had neighbors , but they were spread out , giving the illusion that each house on the road was in its own private forest .
tr	I	His vision went black and the back of his head bounced off the ground .
tr	O	I knew it , but it still stung .
tr	I	I slowly started to rise and a hand grabbed my collar .
tr	I	The effort felt too much , but she tried to open her eyes .
tr	O	They drove to the nearest mall , twenty minutes away , and Cara let Alexa do her thing .
tr	I	She didn 't want it to end , and the kiss was hot , passionate .
tr	O	The other man wrinkled his brow in concentration , and a single bead of perspiration coursed down these grooves .
tr	I	They were somehow liquid , but they weren 't warm .
tr	I	The linked rafts began to drift apart and the ropes were finally severed .
tr	I	The chain on their ankles restrain them but they reach towards the timber above them .
tr	I	I sang along with songs from Saturday Night Fever , and I listened to dance music on the way over to Shreveport .
tr	O	An argument would break out and Alix would hide in her bedroom closet .
tr	O	He felt her sink into that comfort , wrapping it around herself as if she were cold and it were the only thing that could warm her .
tr	I	Kylie looked back to free it and her luggage caught on the row of seats where the blond boy sat .
tr	O	He fired , and the glass exploded on the passenger 's side of the vehicle .
tr	I	His breathing seemed strong , but his eyes were closed .
tr	I	She crawled out from under him and he pulled out , moved minutely to give her the ability to shift .
tr	I	She is one of you , and I have found that person .
tr	I	Her gaze made him feel small , but she was a good foot shorter .
tr	I	Serena risks another glance around the corner and the low murmur of voices grow silent .
tr	I	The minute Amy had left for college , Larry had taken it over but Amy , being the only girl , had always had her own bedroom .
tr	I	He didn 't say anything , but Shane blinked .
tr	O	It was motionless and there was a patch of blood around its neck .
tr	I	We would be running for our lives and if it were their intention to do that to us right now , they would have released us .
tr	O	The word was foreign to my thoughts , let alone on my tongue , and I was sure I 'd never get used to the idea .
tr	O	Her mind was so full and her chest so heavy , she didn 't take notice that she 'd unconsciously begun swirling the overhead lights .
tr	O	The women hooted at this , and the girl were giggling too .
tr	O	The meeting had been interesting , and there had been some physical chemistry .
tr	I	That scared me , and Georgina 's voice softened an octave .
tr	O	He knew this must be utterly incomprehensible to the two lawyers , but he was slamming it home .
tr	I	The cart began to descend , and there was an exaggerated shake .
tr	O	He welcomed the helpfulness of the French but their help could only do so much .
tr	I	I 'd already slapped it together , and the sauce was what truly made the fish .
tr	O	She began to walk toward him but a wave of dizziness overtook her .
tr	I	Luckily he was pointed towards the direction of the rail station and Wil got off the bus not knowing where he was .
tr	O	I set my glass down a little too hard , and some of the cherry Coke sloshed onto the bar .
tr	I	If you knew my father , you would know how much easier said than done that was but I tried questioning him .
tr	I	I ran upstairs and she ran out to get them .
tr	O	His mouth encircles mine again and my pulse starts to race against my chest .
tr	I	To his dismay , she was smiling at him , and the man 's hands rested far too comfortably around Tara 's waist .
tr	I	He 'd never bothered with it again , and he 'd always loved photography when he was younger ... then Earl smashed his camera .
tr	I	Then I want him decently buried , and store him safely away until I 've recovered .
tr	I	He hadn 't wanted anyone since Sarita 's death , and he wanted her .
tr	O	The Defendant Tobias Keller seemed an easy target from the onset , but the Prosecutor never could have guessed it would be that simple .
tr	O	he challenged me , and the sense of familiarity continued .
tr	I	I was nestled to his side and he was laying on his back .
tr	I	That lack of contact had more to do with their schedules than anything else , but Gio didn 't speak to Luke often .
tr	I	I made her proud and I feel like she 's with me .
tr	O	Her first impulse was to jerk away , but afraid that would be too tel ing , she forced herself to appear calm .
tr	O	The seed grows with his words and I shudder with feelings of dread .
tr	O	He sucked , nipped , rasped her with his chin stubble , and all she could do was struggle to control her growing urgency .
tr	I	Drake was glad Trace had said them , but maybe Trace 's words were a lie .
tr	I	A weak cheering broke out amongst the troops and the final foes fell .
tr	I	Robin doesn 't move right away , but the bell rings .
tr	I	He liked the fact that she was still a virgin , but he didn 't know why .
tr	O	She had been sleeping well ever since she arrived , but the feeling was too new to take for granted .
tr	I	He suspected their visit wasn 't a friendly sibling get-together , and she 'd been bugging him ever since she met Savannah .
tr	O	JACK OK , but I ask that you refrain from speaking to her about this until ... tomorrow .
tr	O	It weren 't Lena , but it made me jump .
tr	I	It held fast , but he bent to throw the spool of wire from the bed of the truck .
tr	O	Ollie grabbed tried to grab my wrist , but I twitched away .
tr	I	When I glanced at her , she was resting her head against the glass once more , and she said nothing .
tr	O	It wasn 't anything I couldn 't handle , but it made for slow going .
tr	O	The monster pulled back , and the muddy water rushed around it .
tr	O	Her eyes were closed and her hands fisted against his chest .
tr	I	I saw that she was smiling , and I looked up into her face .
tr	O	I asked you about a week ago in a note about if you think you know who he might be and you haven 't said anything .
tr	O	I blew out a breath and my fingers dug into her arm .
tr	I	Then his gaze drifted to her thin , soft looking lips , and he found himself staring into her eyes for a short moment .
tr	I	I didn 't give him the chance , but he opened his mouth like he wanted to say something to me .
tr	I	I can make my own decisions and I 'm a big girl now .
tr	I	The information was kept from him once he started schooling , but he knew he 'd heard the name of his home world several times .
tr	I	Nobody argued with the Goth dwarf , but we all looked at each other .
tr	I	It would be embarrassing if anyone knew he was holding an FBI card , but he didn 't know anyone in the room .
tr	O	A timer went off behind her and she spun around , glad to have something else to distract her .
tr	O	The door by the barn closes , and as I reach it , I struggle to key in my code .
tr	I	In comparison , I couldn 't fathom how I 'd ever imagined he was good-looking , and I hadn 't seen him since before I met Sam .
tr	I	I see the smile playing at the corners of his mouth , but he pretends to be irked that I 'm coming across bossy .
tr	O	He nods , wiping his forehead with the back of his hand , and suddenly I notice how damp his skin is .
tr	O	Emily didn 't answer , but it was true .
tr	O	Aria swallowed heavily , trying to calm the frantic beat of her heart , and her fear .
tr	O	The spring air is just cool enough to be refreshing , and the sun is just beginning to set over the water .
tr	I	Edwin gained a few extra inches of legroom in return , and they needed someone able to open the door in the event of an emergency .
tr	I	She 'd been raised in a British one , but his mother married into an American crime family .
tr	O	His fingers dug painfully into my skin , and the remote , austere mask had cracked .
tr	O	He never questioned it , and I grudgingly accepted it .
tr	I	Nothing like what the stories said the mated pairs enjoyed , but he had received a slight strength increase from that wolf blood .
tr	I	Fields , farms , silos to store the grain and there are orchards .
tr	O	He groaned and her mouth dried out .
tr	I	This time the Second Sun canisters weren 't going to do much with the sun already out and I had to think fast .
tr	I	She hoped showing them what a perverted cheat Jackson really was might put them off the scent and she had no idea what they might find .
tr	I	I inhaled the unique , comforting smell of horse , and his silky neck was warm against my cheek .
tr	I	It was his preference for avoiding violence that stayed him from joining Mossad , but Yosef had been accepted to both agencies .
tr	I	There he was and she turned around .
tr	I	Those weren 't pivotal , but I 'd skipped many other entries .
tr	O	Many labeled me her slave , and she did nothing to dispel those beliefs .
tr	I	I sure hoped there wasn 't anybody human within hearing distance and Weldon was shouting at times .
tr	O	His finances weren 't in great shape , and the opportunity had seemed like a godsend .
tr	I	I put my phone away , deciding I would just call him later and he asked .
tr	O	An unsaid goodbye was understood between the two and he walked away , heartbroken .
tr	I	Yet , he couldn 't get her out of his head and she was off-limits .
tr	I	Then things of value rarely were , but she had known it wouldn 't be easy .
tr	O	Everyone thought she was experienced , a woman of the world , and that 's what she wanted them to see .
tr	O	I think he 's really falling for me and maybe I 'm falling for him too .
tr	O	My mind is wandering all over the place , and I can 't get a handle on my thoughts .
tr	O	The determined look on his face is frightening and my heartbeat speeds up .
tr	I	For a moment I thought she was going to order me away again and Anne stiffened .
tr	I	It was always lonely there , not what a home should mean but the house she 'd bought at Byron Bay was her writing base .
tr	O	He stared back , locking his gaze on mine , and I thought I saw the hint of a smile .
tr	O	I saw pain in his eyes then and my heart broke for both of us .
tr	O	He was filthy , but I barely noticed .
tr	O	I was rather hoping that Bob would keep his silence behind his camouflage netting , and he did .
tr	I	The conversation fell silent for a moment and Chuck noticed that Gail seemed distracted all of a sudden .
tr	I	It 's very easy , and I 've done this before .
tr	I	I had no idea where he went , and he didn 't have a cell phone .
tr	O	How he wished he could tell her how foolish her fears were , but they weren 't .
tr	O	I wanted to take out the books but it wasn 't safe .
tr	I	All John 's attempts were futile , and the bed leg kept falling down .
tr	O	There are shoots going on here and I usually go check them out .
tr	I	His face was stone and she looked at him .
tr	I	I wanted to kick myself for allowing things to go any other way and my ray of sunshine was back .
tr	I	It 's not driving me crazy because I know what it means , but this hunger is far worse .
tr	I	I barely got my teeth brushed before I was hopping in his Jeep and just like Isaac said , he was here at six on the dot .
tr	O	She reached out , and the sheet fell away though she had barely touched it , exposing a silver standing mirror .
tr	O	The tears come back and I teeter on the edge of consciousness .
tr	I	She liked him in spite of that , but not much of it had been good .
tr	O	She slouched , and the cushions caressed her .
tr	I	How many more , he couldn 't tell , and there would be more on the other side .
tr	I	The shaman 's face was there grinning at him again and he tried to look down as best as he could .
tr	I	I knew how wiped out he 'd be and he 'd been flying for hours .
tr	O	I can 't breathe because I am relieved and I just ran up four flights of stairs .
tr	I	Soon a serial killer is grabbing headlines , and then the first murder victim is found .
tr	O	Questions would be for later , and undoubtedly there would be many .
tr	O	She did not have time to read the will , but the letter told her all she needed to know .
tr	I	He needed a change , and the land development business wasn 't as exciting as it had once been .
tr	I	I welcomed it , but there was some pain , of course .
tr	O	I did what I could as Alexis , but I need to be a new person .
tr	O	I shouted to the DJ , but he just shook his head .
tr	O	He wasn 't here , yet the voices hadn 't returned .
tr	I	All of a sudden I felt something pressed into my back and I continued searching for them .
tr	O	One day she was there , and the next she was gone , sitting with the Janes .
tr	O	The bleeding had slowed , but it still stung ferociously .
tr	I	Her eyes said plenty , but she looked up at him without speaking .
tr	O	As far as that boy knew , he was doing what God wanted , and he would not realize what he went through until he was older .
tr	O	I thought having him look at me was hot , but having her push us together was even more delicious .
tr	I	I also know my place in the neighborhood , but I think about saying something too , like I know a lot of good black men .
tr	I	Panos was as good a man as there was , but mom always talks about how good people get rewarded .
tr	O	His body seemed to coil into a tightly wound mass of muscle , and he appeared to shift his weight backward .
tr	O	She told herself that she had the measure of George and he wasn 't a killer !
tr	I	She thought she could handle scrambled eggs , but her talents there might be limited .
tr	I	None of them made sense but Marquette knew six Indian languages .
tr	I	It was hopeless , but I tried to tame my nerves .
tr	O	I reached a hand down , and she froze , flattening against the floor in fear .
tr	O	The man had saved his life , and he had a right to know .
tr	I	She wasn 't willing to let it go , and she was getting the upper hand on the match .
tr	I	Zeus could have hidden it anywhere in the world and only the sword could bring him back to me .
tr	I	They are legends ... but there are legends !
tr	I	I could make a new one , but the handle disintegrated as soon as I touched it .
tr	O	They 've been trying to tie me in with the boys for years , and they haven 't had any luck .
tr	I	You should have told me you stole the list from someone and you guys have no idea what you 're talking about .
tr	I	They 're very closely coordinated , and they 're a unit .
tr	O	His right foot rests on the wall and he has his eyes closed in deep meditation .
tr	O	I don 't comprehend everything that 's going on here , but if my sister doesn 't want you on our plane , you 're not invited .
tr	O	They gathered fresh persimmons on the way , and Sage killed a rabbit for lunch .
tr	I	I find myself leaning across the table toward him , cradling my tea glass with both hands , and it 's cute .
tr	I	I simply could not have that , and if I did not answer the phone immediately he would think I was late for the call .
tr	O	He paused by a large rock and she curled up on top of it .
tr	I	The entire street was aglow in a light orange hue and the sun was setting .
tr	O	Our house was a bit ostentatious , but everyone seemed to love it .
tr	O	She looked away from me , and I knew she could sense the sudden awkwardness between us .
tr	I	It was coming , but there was no rain yet .
tr	O	I blushed as I noticed the stares of those all around us , and my heart stilled at the tenderness in his voice .
tr	I	A gaggle of scraggly chickens pecked lazily in the powdery dirt , and a battered blue motorcycle leaned against a sleek banana plant .
tr	I	She was sitting on the sofa and I walked into the living room .
tr	I	I 'm sure he can see it , and my body begins to tremble .
tr	I	He nodded and Nestor must have made some nonverbal reply because they shifted back .
tr	O	He was now three hundred thirty-seven years old , and Gavin was nearing two thousand .
tr	I	The canoe followed his lead and Alistair pointed his arm to the right .
tr	I	I recognize it , and two more steps .
tr	I	Hunter snapped his head around and I cried out in surprise .
tr	O	It was boastful of her to think so , but she 'd seen nothing to alter her biased opinion of her kin .
tr	I	She forced her feet to move forward , but she was almost afraid to walk inside the white , marble lobby .
tr	O	Sophomore year ended and summer arrived .
tr	I	My head is still throbbing , but I took some medicine this morning .
tr	O	Solange felt the woven rug under her bare feet as he put her down , but her body was no longer her own .
tr	I	My eyes were incredibly heavy , but I looked up .
tr	O	Robin had overheard them and she was certain Cole had , too .
tr	I	His thin shoulders shuddered as he tried to stop and Logan began coughing from all the ash .
tr	O	She sighed , and in the silence the sound was achingly pathetic .
tr	I	He was smart , but Jacob was a drunk .
tr	O	The doll was given away when I became a teenager and I have since lost my father .
tr	I	It 's a world , but this might not be my world .
tr	I	His soul cowered with absolute fear , and he looked across at the miserable state of Sandra frenetically covering her body with the fat .
tr	O	One bullet grazed the shoulder , but another lodged in his spine .
tr	O	She couldn 't see him , but she felt his touch .
tr	O	I was on my way to the top but I just couldn 't handle it .
tr	I	He didn 't like it and his bluff had been called .
tr	I	Jack didn 't seem to care , but I walked around the table feeling like we shouldn 't be doing this .
tr	I	I felt bad immediately , and the guilt had returned .
tr	O	A thrill runs through the crowds and a moment later , a dart of fire spurts from the bowels of the three giants .
tr	I	I was pleased to hear Jean crying as she came to the phone , and Ron delivered the message with gusto .
tr	I	When they get two steps before me , I swing , and two walk toward me .
tr	I	She studied the walls around her with interest , and Iona thought about the way Eric wanted her to alter the plans for the new houses .
tr	O	I know that you feel for me , but it 's the attraction to my immortality .
tr	O	Mother had been obliged to cane her and she had sobbed herself to sleep for a week afterwards .
tr	O	She hadn 't been on the clock in a lot of years and no one had ever questioned her work ethic .
tr	I	It ´ s full and I open the fridge .
tr	O	Much looked to Rob , but I pushed past him .
tr	O	It was not the call itself , but what the man offered when he spoke , that dismayed the Frenchman , coming as it did so unexpectedly .
tr	O	She did not want to look at the people before again , but she knew that she had to .
tr	I	He managed to type out a brief text message which he deliberately put in caps , but his fingers trembled .
tr	O	Altair was closer to the steps now but the sudden movement of the crowd had left him a little exposed .
tr	I	An officer came over to the scene and a police sirens followed right behind them .
tr	O	He glances over my shoulder and his face brightens even more .
tr	I	He didn 't resist , and she touched his neck .
tr	I	It wouldn 't budge but I tried to open the main door .
tr	I	You 're gon na be scared and you 're gon na be hurt .
tr	O	He left me at the B Company HQ , and I was glad to be rid of him .
tr	I	No brush stokes and furthermore the image was made with no outline .
tr	O	His monster lifted its head as if scenting prey , but Iain ignored it .
tr	O	You help me out some , and I 'll help you out .
tr	O	The pain finally let up when the plane levelled off , and I heaved out a trembling sigh of relief .
tr	O	Her hand squeezes his tightly , and the warmer her grip feels on his palm , the colder the object of his obsession becomes .
tr	I	It was becoming shockingly awkward and we sat on the grass , side by side , a silence building between the two of us .
tr	I	This wind wasn 't strong , only moving the weakest leaves in the trees , and it was so quiet you could hear the wind outside .
tr	I	I will be found by those who seek me but I will hereafter withdraw from wandering abroad in the world .
tr	I	It worked well for her , and if she wanted something , she went for it , like she deserved it .
tr	I	Theresa looked at her curiously , and she hung up the phone .
tr	I	There 's definitely something wrong , but I don 't know what the hell happened to her .
tr	O	He made a vague promise but that 's as far as it got .
tr	O	Elliott pushes against it , but it won 't budge .
tr	I	Yet I can do so much to you , and your sword will do nothing to me !
tr	I	I felt a warm tingle throughout my body and my heart was pounding erratically in my chest .
tr	O	Renna 's voice shook , and she cleared her throat .
tr	I	He could tell that it was Shelly who stood over him and Colton 's vision changed from dark to blurry .
tr	O	I can feel them , but they stay just out of my grasp .
tr	O	She 's pregnant , and yeah , I know what I did in the past .
tr	O	He didn 't add anything , but he wanted to know .
tr	O	Yes , he looked the same , but something had changed , something inside .
tr	O	The sock was saturated with blood , though , and he gently pulled it away from her skin .
tr	I	At least the raging anger was gone , but Cassie was looking at him with suspicion in her eyes .
tr	I	I knew it and he was right .
tr	I	Her heart is broken , but she is the most beautiful person , Avalon .
tr	O	He really wanted to build an airport , but since Houston already had one , Bubba decided to build a subway .
tr	I	The brick face was crumbling from age and all of the windows were dark .
tr	O	I learned I 'd been trying to find myself on the outside , but I needed to find out who I was on the inside .
tr	I	I couldn 't allow myself to view this man as an actual person , and dead bodies were the norm in my line of work .
tr	O	He turned his back on the dead man , shaking his head , and he moved away , into the shadows , near to the window .
tr	O	You are very brave and this building can use a strong young man like yourself .
tr	I	His hands out to save me and Sam was standing there with his eyes wide .
tr	O	Jake saw it and his eyes softened .
tr	O	They talk of honoring the Darkness , but it 's a lie .
tr	I	I can touch them and I can see the fire reflecting in them .
tr	I	He wouldn 't explain any more , and he wouldn 't push any more .
tr	I	She pulled the vial from the IV port , and her head jerked up .
tr	O	Goose bumps rose on her skin and her toes curled in her pumps .
tr	I	I never read the fine print , but they said they 'd told us that up front .
tr	I	He sticks the knife in to the handle and I scream .
tr	O	She put her arms around him to give him a hug , and his came around her .
tr	O	Geoffrey flashed to Sarah , but James reached her first .
tr	I	She welcomed it and she was used to his scrutiny .
tr	O	I was the one who 'd managed to get Cronus off our backs , yet I was the problem ?
tr	I	The game was closed and the girl was gone .
tr	I	We went on our way again and about 2 hours later the horse 's shoe was fixed .
tr	O	I know he 's young , but he does a great job .
tr	I	Every time I ask about it , I get the run around , but I 've been wondering what Kenton did .
tr	O	He smiled , but the smile was no more than a rough semblance of a smile .
tr	I	It is short lived , but it 's the reaction he 's looking for .
tr	O	I 've been confined to these dreary walls for months now and I 'm ready to see the world beyond that parking lot .
tr	O	Rachel had torn her pants and Mac had ripped his shirt .
tr	I	I did , but I knew I shouldn 't care what her opinion of me was .
tr	O	The rules of seclusion no longer applied to me and I 'd needed to pack .
tr	I	The sound of the car pulling away , and I hear an engine start .
tr	O	I won 't sit back and pretend everything 's okay .
tr	O	Another magical entity was present and our perfect kiss was forced to a close .
tr	I	You keep holding onto it , but you may make a mess of it .
tr	O	She was Nine , and Nine wasn 't programmed to feel guilt .
tr	I	He groaned before he could stop himself , and she moved against him , causing his already aroused body to harden further .
tr	O	This was my beginning , and I felt reborn , fresh from the shadows of the past year .
tr	I	Another part was curious , but part of her recoiled at her question .
tr	I	The pressure in Dahlia 's chest increased and the more Louise became upset , the more the heat rose .
tr	O	She doesn 't wear scrubs anymore , but she still works at the hospital .
tr	I	I watched them in amazement and bubbles floated out of my mouth .
tr	O	The door before us swung open , and a man appeared in the darkness .
tr	I	The world exploded in silver light , and the moon crossed into the space directly above us .
tr	O	I didn 't know what I 'd just had , but I knew a large portion of it was alcohol .
tr	O	Henry was silent , and my heart beat so hard that I thought it might explode .
tr	I	The hands gripping his spear were the only indication of his struggle and he was more controlled .
tr	O	Antonia started to explain again , but Mike interrupted her .
tr	O	It got closer and as it did , we saw that it was made from butterflies ... thousands of white butterflies .
tr	I	A surge of panic burns through me and the voltage spikes again .
tr	O	I knock a second time , and I can faintly hear footsteps .
tr	O	She was fighting the same rules I had grown to detest , and for that reason alone , I could not fault her her reaction .
tr	I	Now he had it , and he 'd wanted this ranch life since he 'd been five .
tr	I	They couldn 't reach him by phone and they were told he hadn 't turned in for work for over two weeks .
tr	I	We had run out of whiskey , and pretty soon they were all cheering me on against the rival Cowboys .
tr	O	Lucas would know that he didn 't have much time to waste , and he 'd want to get away as fast as possible .
tr	I	He disappeared , but I stood .
tr	I	I saw it and it happened again .
tr	I	He was about to fall off -- and they were soaring high above the ground , surrounded on all sides by fire .
tr	I	He tried to pick it up a bit , and Flattery felt his smile droop .
tr	I	It wasn , t clear that he saw anything in front of him , but his bleary eyes looked at Reuben .
tr	I	He doesn 't sleep with them like people think he does , but he might take some of his female friends to parties .
tr	O	She shouldn 't let the things Brian said still have an impact on her years later , but they did .
tr	I	Now was not the time to begin it , but he was forming a plan .
tr	O	I looked down to see what had captured his attention so completely , but I saw nothing .
tr	I	Her brow puckered and her eyes narrowed .
tr	I	That meant keeping my heart in one piece and he wanted to keep me safe .
tr	O	Maybe he wasn 't an unstable , but that didn 't mean he was invincible .
tr	O	She grimaced when her foot hit the dirt , but the jolt of pain to her ankle mirrored the reality check she 'd just received .
tr	O	Her accent was slight , and her pronunciation of English was impeccable .
tr	I	I know what you 're thinking right now , and I know you .
tr	I	For her to know his meant the connection ran both ways , but part of the taming was his ability to read her thoughts .
tr	O	To start over like her sisters had chosen to do , but she couldn 't .
tr	I	I might borrow your idea for my grandkids , but I wish I would have thought to do that when my kids were little .
tr	I	The Sword of Sages impaled his very soul , inflicting him with a wholly new sensation of pain , but he had been wounded a thousand times .
tr	I	If that were true , then that 's who had been sending those silly text messages , and it would seem that she was also his girlfriend .
tr	I	Erica had insisted they were historically accurate , but he had soft brown boots that he couldn 't imagine would hold up through any day 's labor .
tr	O	He stood up abruptly and we were so close .
tr	O	I assume the man is his father , and I am struck with a pang of jealousy so sharp I clutch my chest .
tr	O	I 'm a creature that wasn 't supposed to be release , and yet somehow I have .
tr	I	Now he looks more like he 's sulking than mad , and the anger has gone from him .
tr	I	When I still insisted that a vampire killed my father he admitted me to the mental hospital , but he prescribed medication .
tr	O	Zach had watched the exchange in silence and she guessed that he had quickly taken her parents ' measure .
tr	O	He dislikes coming back to this place , but those feelings don 't matter to him .
tr	O	Her water bottle fell onto the floor and she almost off the bench .
tr	I	She 's learned that such things are only symbols , but the length isn 't anywhere near enough , objectively .
tr	O	A look of pained disbelief flickered in Royce 's angry eyes , but his face was otherwise blank as he nodded curtly at Arik .
tr	I	His lips are red from kissing me so roughly and his hair is sticking up .
tr	I	The one taste Marit had had and she could picture it from the story .
tr	I	Most of the soldiers were surprised to find themselves there as well and all of the people of the biosphere were suddenly floating up into the air .
tr	O	Rann will be leading with 300 points , and then his life will be really threatened .
tr	O	She drew a deep breath before giving both Derek and me pointed looks .
tr	O	It screeched to a sliding halt , crossways in the road , and the driver threw the passenger door open , then the back .
tr	I	Her ankles still swollen from the flight and her feet were sore .
tr	I	They did not , but they should have belonged .
tr	O	The phone rang interrupting Linda 's contemplation but Fiona picked it up .
tr	O	So they were always in some form of debt , but they had nicer things .
tr	O	Fine , maybe he was intolerant of humor right now , but I don 't cater to bad moods .
tr	I	The smoke rose in a column into the darkness of the rafters , and in the now still air of the room the flame burned tall .
tr	I	I thought nothing of it , but he seemed embarrassed by that .
tr	I	This would have been the class we 'd tune out to discuss it , and Darren was great at finding things to do in this small town .
tr	I	Spraying bullets in the open had risks to it , but enemy troops fell as the AK-47 found its mark .
tr	I	She cried and she took the knife away .
tr	I	That 's not their fault , but the people aren 't much to rave about .
tr	I	Zane reminded me of some cowboy riding off into the sunset in an old western movie , but Daniel sounded good for a first name .
tr	O	I sounded confused and it wasn 't all because of the echoing hurt rattling through my brain .
tr	O	The swell rushed over the top of the ship and she hadn 't made it to the railing yet .
tr	I	It rang several times , and I dialed her number .
tr	I	She agreed about Diego 's heat level , but Cassidy hadn 't met all Latino men .
tr	O	The next month , Lea threw another one of her parties , but that time , it was at a bar in the city .
tr	O	Their branches would intertwine and their trunks would bevel out where they met .
tr	O	I think they all wanted to get off alone , and I don 't blame them .
tr	I	The wrong move could lose his case and a delicate balance was in play .
tr	O	Hell , just the divorce hearing with Harry was worth coming to work for , and besides that , I got paid to do it .
tr	I	That didn 't matter , but she was about twenty pages ahead of me .
tr	O	Her eyes were swollen and her face was soaked with tears .
tr	I	I wasn 't stupid , but I may have been upset .
tr	O	We agree on a fee and I pay him in cash .
tr	I	There was plenty of food , and crops grew exceedingly well .
tr	I	They were good at it and they were actually raiders .
tr	I	His legs shook and his stomach lurched .
tr	O	Aunt Marilyn chuckled and Sophie shrugged lightly .
tr	O	Not that the wind was fierce but it was no cool breeze either .
tr	I	I 'd accept it , and he thought he could tell me this ?
tr	O	Darcy glanced up at that moment , and their eyes locked .
tr	O	There was a bel there , and he rang it , the noise jangling Tessa 's already stretched nerves .
tr	I	It was only a matter of time , but she didn 't think people recognized her yet .
tr	O	I had no way of reaching the island on my own yet , and I couldn 't ask anyone to go with me .
tr	I	He knew it was , and it was unfair .
tr	O	A neurosis itself can 't kill you but it can lead you to extreme self-harm .
tr	O	At our feet , cradled amid a vast confusion of mountains , lay a small valley bright as a gem , but opening southward on our right .
tr	I	She shivered all the same , but why the image flashed into her mind she had no idea .
tr	I	Aiden appeared behind him , and Marcus entered first .
tr	I	The didn 't reply a smile , but Carmel smiled at him slightly as if she knew him .
tr	O	I knew you were asleep but I couldn 't stop myself .
tr	I	Of course he wouldn 't have been there , but I was thinking he was at the Institute .
tr	I	Finally it began to move , and I pulled back on the steering column with the strength of that conviction .
tr	O	He subscribed to the white man 's theory of dancing without moving his feet , and when he tried to shake his butt the band actually laughed .
tr	O	A lifetime of eternity folded out in the seconds before us , and she was mine for all that time .
tr	I	The new ones not yet delivered , but the avocado appliances had been removed .
tr	I	Then he sank backward with a shudder , closing his eyes , and he called out with a strange cry that startled Jacob to his feet .
tr	O	She had dispatched three , but over a dozen still remained , working in tandem .
tr	O	I can 't believe it , but you have no broken bones .
tr	I	Edwin felt suddenly alone , and a rumble of thunder sounded .
tr	O	When he looked at her again , his eyes were blank and his expression hard .
tr	I	He gave me an audience , and then they checked with him .
tr	I	You couldn 't mistake the face but they did not share the same coloring .
tr	O	That was just 70 points less than her own score and she had studied that period for quite a while .
tr	I	How content I felt in the throne and I think of my dream last night .
tr	O	That was an exaggeration , but Kate didn 't argue .
tr	O	She was right and she knew it .
tr	O	Two days after they left , the nanny resigned and the cook quit .
tr	O	He owned a cloud of defense , and that cloud now surrounded the property , acting as a barrier against the rest of the world .
tr	O	One of the beams pierced his windshield , and a piece of glass became imbedded in his throat .
tr	I	We have to see it through and Everything here is happening for a reason .
tr	I	His heart thundered and his hands shook .
tr	O	This is wrong and you know it .
tr	O	Kylie frowned , and the dead cold seemed to crawl against her skin .
tr	I	How I treated her was wrong , and she 's a really nice woman .
tr	I	It was there , but it was faint .
tr	O	Finally Bree walks in her house and Derek comes back to the car .
tr	I	Philip pulled the carriage there while the rest went inside and there was a parking place for carriages down the street .
tr	I	The shotgun discharged across the table and the two guns swung to cover her .
tr	I	I could see that she was beautiful , but the hall was dim in the twilight .
tr	O	She meant it lightly , but it hit me hard .
tr	O	I have used up my chances though , and I am at peace with that .
tr	O	* * * Nikki wrapped the white sheet around her naked body and waited for the doctor 's return .
tr	O	41 Carmine 's phone was ringing again by the time he reached Corrado 's , but he didn 't bother answering it since he was so close .
tr	I	She didn 't move away , but a shiver whispered over her skin .
tr	O	His grip was so tight on his weapon that his hand was shaking , and the veins in his arm bulged .
tr	I	He savored it , wanting to increase that feeling and he 'd felt it from the moment she 'd realized he was behind her .
tr	O	I knew it was meant to be a joke , but there was nothing amusing about the way I faded into her .
tr	O	He reached for his sword , but Iain 's was already unsheathed .
tr	I	Jared sat where Gabe had been , and I jerked awake .
tr	O	I was dismayed when I saw her lead us to a table in the center of the restaurant , but I didn 't see any others available .
tr	I	It made him self-conscious , and Akiva saw her staring .
tr	O	You had Maksim 's journal right in front of you , and you were still too thick to put the pieces together .
tr	O	He responded with his own witty insult , and the conversation drifted into less political topics .
tr	O	I know he didn 't know , but I can 't turn it off .
tr	I	At first glance , it appeared to be another alert message and he retrieved the phone .
tr	O	The sky had gotten even murkier , and he couldn 't see his falcon anywhere .
tr	O	He leaned close to her ear , and that is when she heard it .
tr	I	The pressure in her head combined with controlling the camera was enough work , but she wanted to answer him , reassure him she was all right .
tr	I	That 's where he sat and there was a seat next to me .
tr	I	My mouth widened as I snarled softly , baring my sharp fangs and my eyes changed to red .
tr	O	Simon called out and the butler entered .
tr	I	I could not have , because my legs were not formed at the proper angle for kicking myself But [ 35 ] .
tr	I	They all leave and Casey is still shaking as Adam says good-bye .
tr	I	A fierce cry came to his lips , and his blood seemed to burn .
tr	I	Every inch of my body felt his presence , yet he was almost entirely concealed by the shadows .
tr	I	She has been known to show up out of the blue , but I don 't take her calls .
tr	I	Movement from the waist down was very difficult for her , but the woman 's injuries had not left her completely immobilized .
tr	I	My step faltered , and I walked forward .
tr	I	The void came back , and feelings vanished .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure she could go through with it and her whole life was about to change .
tr	I	He couldn 't believe what he was saying , but he heard the words exit Ellis ' mouth .
tr	I	Given how old Eric was , I would be very strong , and I knew that I would be stronger for a long time .
tr	O	Her father was an English professor at Lexington Community College and her mother was a housewife .
tr	O	He 'd already decided his course of action anyway , and it didn 't include hauling Grace back to Tennessee .
tr	O	Pieces of what happened are starting to come back to me , but I don 't think in order because they make no sense .
tr	I	All along , she had known she would have to face him one day , and he was relentless in his pursuit of her .
tr	O	She tried to rein in her rising anger , but she wasn 't doing a very good job .
tr	I	She often worked late into the evenings after she came home , and she was a workaholic , no time for relationships .
tr	O	Ian had Beth , and his need to withdraw had dwindled .
tr	I	He hesitated before pulling away and it caught him off guard .
tr	I	The Queen slipped into it , wrapping the silken whiteness about herself , and she held it up .
tr	O	He said that he wasn 't going to hold his breath for a call back , but the look on his face said otherwise .
tr	I	Lydia took a deep breath and Margie raised her eyebrows .
tr	O	Adele 's thoughts paused and she felt a sudden need to blink back tears .
tr	O	Friday she had even gotten worried enough to call her friend at work , but Julie had already left for the day .
tr	I	She had gone without a word to the other guests , and Rigger had been called to drive her to the station .
tr	I	They were going to miss their booking at a restaurant she particularly wished to sample and she looked like he 'd kept her waiting .
tr	I	That will hurt her , and she 'll fight you .
tr	O	He 'd spent the rest of the day trying his best to sleep , but it had been fitful at best .
tr	O	His lips neared the sensitive spot , and his breath rasped in my ear .
tr	O	His blade stuck in the soft ground , and I slammed a punch to his crotch .
tr	I	He walks away with a massive pension and we all bail the bank out .
tr	I	He leads me into the paddock and I take it .
tr	O	It should have scared her , but instead the thought gave her a little thrill .
tr	I	She answered without thought , and her eyes fluttered closed .
tr	O	It 's a good act , but I know you aren 't Harry Dresden .
tr	I	She leaned against his chest as the music started and he pulled her close to him .
tr	O	There 's nothing in Maine to hold me here any longer , and I 'm tired of the tourist season .
tr	I	Hearing about their divorce probably wouldn 't help me , and the conversation was taking a depressing turn .
tr	I	She in turn told Flint of his thanks , and he complemented the barmaid .
tr	O	Jack pushed his body firmly against my back and I felt his hardness up against my ass .
tr	I	It makes the coffee color of her skin glow , and she is dressed in deep purple .
tr	I	She managed to hide the pain of his betrayal , but she hadn 't anticipated that .
tr	O	My anger started to seep through and I clenched my fingers into fists .
tr	I	She hissed , and he slashed at the girl who had gotten too close .
tr	O	His tone flicked with disbelief and already she sensed his distance .
tr	O	The taillights flashed briefly as if in answer , and a cold chill crept up Mike 's spine .
tr	I	Maestro Magnus stopped speaking , and Tavi looked up from his reports immediately , lifting a hand .
tr	O	Gregor cut the surface of the pool with his hand , and the water ran through his fingers .
tr	O	I 'd learned that from my brief encounter with them and I fully intended to use it .
tr	I	He became still , a sure sign of just how incensed he was and Anger flared up in Rafe 's eyes .
tr	O	She was on the pill , obviously , but she didn 't stop him .
tr	I	She refused to and Emma knew he wanted her to ask what happened .
tr	O	Metallica started playing from his sound system and the air conditioning was already turned up two notches .
tr	O	Something was wrong and my heart pounded .
tr	I	I 'm enjoying the single life again and I got a divorce four years ago .
tr	O	There was a tag on a rubber band around my wrist , and I yanked it off , taking some hair along with it .
tr	I	James didn 't wake up but she sat for thirty minutes .
tr	O	Then he leaves me , and I am truly alone .
tr	I	He hadn 't been here very long , but his tower wasn 't nearly as cluttered as mine .
tr	I	His hands stilled and his eyes narrowed .
tr	O	Riddles He is smart and he is good too .
tr	O	It has a pointed chin , wet looking lips , and it 's extremely ugly .
tr	I	A trickle of sweat lined my brow , and my breath began coming in short , sharp bursts .
tr	O	I don 't care who started it , but this is gon na stop right now ?
tr	I	Ransom did not turn on the light , but the galley skylight was on the dark side of the ship .
tr	O	Our forever mark , but it 's gone .
tr	I	He didn 't release her , but she pushed against his chest .
tr	I	I jumped at the noise and the timer started going off .
tr	O	Too many questions , and he didn 't know the answers to any of them .
tr	I	The lungs were inflamed making it difficult for the ventilator to push the air in and basically the body had gone into a type of serious shock .
tr	I	He offered his arm dramatically , and his smile widened .
tr	I	His mother knew , but knowing how she 'd worry , he hadn 't been able to bring himself to tell Sheree .
tr	O	More bushes sat farther up the mountain , but her body refused to carry her onward .
tr	I	I 'm still not eager to follow his lead , but it doesn 't protest .
tr	I	They 'd built a lovely little balcony directly into the mountainside and the Dragon Queen 's troops had been industrious over the years .
tr	O	I 'd only thought of him as a college professor but he was more than that .
tr	I	They stood there in shock , and I recounted the whole story for them .
tr	I	Now her face beamed with delight at the promise of a promotion , but her eyebrows had dipped at the mention of the unknown contact .
tr	I	A calm peace swept over him and his hand reached up to stroke my face .
tr	O	I would hate to move , but we just may have to .
tr	O	Jeremy exuded a similar miasma of anxious remorse , and that troubled her .
tr	O	Here was a whole world yet to be discovered , and I had only just cracked its surface .
tr	O	David pulled his hand away , and instantly Ellie regretted her words .
tr	O	His head came up like a wary animal 's as he heard the door open , and the eye surgeon laughed .
tr	I	You 're all a high-level threat , and Suicide is contagious , after all .
tr	O	They can make us or they can break us .
tr	O	She was sedated now and her breathing was shallow .
tr	O	Dominic held out his hand , and the exquisite stretchy lace lay over his palm .
tr	O	She even turned around , but every curtain was closed .
tr	I	I think there is a mistake , but I 'm sorry .
tr	O	As it was , he hadn 't and in an act of mindless pettiness , he 'd married .
tr	I	They all run off , and that frightens the other wolves .
tr	O	They looked like glass pipes with brass fittings on either end , and they gave off a weakly pulsing glow of sickly yellow-green .
tr	O	All the candles inside the room were lit up and we were surrounded by silence .
tr	I	She doesn 't move , but I reach out to her .
tr	O	The king obviously trusts me more and I don 't understand why you complain about getting kicked out of the band .
tr	O	I had terrible swelling afterwards , but no , the pregnancy was never in danger .
tr	I	They could understand but their conversation soon became incoherent , a stream of nonsense no one .
tr	O	She screeched and I laughed .
tr	I	I wanted more , and I was kissing the man who 'd broken my heart .
tr	O	Eva didn 't say anything specific to back up my feeling , but I think she knew it too .
tr	I	It paid the bills , but not exactly the noblest of ventures .
tr	I	Shinichi had been born a liar - but Shinichi had indicated that they would be too late .
tr	I	I didn 't press the issue , but I sensed there was something he didn 't tell me .
tr	O	He did send me an email saying he 'd stil be my friend , but I don 't know how far that goes .
tr	O	I pulled away from Avril but she stayed close , shielding herself behind me .
tr	I	The water was still crystal blue , but my first thought was a shark .
tr	I	Then again , we 're covered in it , but I can 't detect the scent of beer .
tr	O	Night had fallen and he could see the twinkling city lights .
tr	O	It was funny , really , but it always made Gel feel even worse about choosing just one of the sisters .
tr	O	Stone wasn 't saying anything and we 'd left the freeway .
tr	O	Adam is on the ground , clutching his body , but I don 't know where he 's been shot .
tr	O	Jude wasn 't here to hurt me , and Noah wasn 't here to save me .
tr	I	I cleared my throat , and my voice sounded rough .
tr	I	She could do nothing but I looked at Emma .
tr	O	A giddy exhilaration coursed through his veins , and he wondered how stupid he was being .
tr	I	Sighing and what a lovely person he thought replacing the receiver .
tr	O	Jason slowly reached toward the table , but I stopped him .
tr	I	It is amazing to feel the warmth of his lips against mine and I thought I 'd lost him forever .
tr	I	He gives me a knowing look , and I arch a brow at him .
tr	I	We all pause when we see Mom in the garage door frame and a clearing of a throat grabs our attention .
tr	O	White , to the Japanese , represented death , and gaudy wrapping paper was unacceptable .
tr	I	He chuckled , and I yanked my face as far away as possible .
tr	I	There was only one thing she was any good at anyway , but Rose didn 't know what this might mean .
tr	I	I sighed and she shook her head .
tr	I	Within thirty seconds Meg 's phone rang , and she hung up on me .
tr	O	His eyes shut , and she willed him to understand all the rioting emotions that were going on inside her .
tr	I	I supposed healthy was the best thing , but I didn 't know what a doctor might say while looking at my lady parts .
tr	I	The credits rolled and we sat side-by-side as the show finished .
tr	I	The poor furry beast was safely underground in about half an hour , and I was pleased that my cat burying skills had improved with repetition .
tr	O	He bit my earlobe , and I gasped .
tr	I	I saw that the design I 'd drawn on her hand this afternoon was still there and she handed me the marker .
tr	O	Tandy was totally captivated , and she was certainly captivating .
tr	O	Oxygen teased my nose and I began to cough .
tr	O	Robin had been thrown on his back , and the iron dagger lay beside his hand .
tr	I	I lifted mine up and her face leaned closer to mine .
tr	I	He 's too stubborn to want to appear dependent , but he could stay with us when he visits , of course .
tr	O	There were a lot of details I hadn 't given much thought to , but I wasn 't going to let anything delay the day from happening .
tr	O	Yesterday had been overcast with the storm , and the cave had been shadowy at best .
tr	I	He took the book out of my hands , and Eliot got a sad look in his eye .
tr	I	My full guard has amassed , but my minions have been lacking .
tr	I	He didn 't want to lie to everyone , either , but he couldn 't break his word to Callie .
tr	O	His landing gear was up and he had one slim chance .
tr	I	I sometimes wonder who the real me is , but I go to extraordinary lengths to keep my identity concealed .
tr	I	Luster obeyed , and she threatened .
tr	O	A deal 's a deal , and I want to pay you .
tr	I	The tremble in his hands stilled , and there had been no hesitation in Mose 's voice .
tr	I	They were blank , but there were a couple of pieces of paper that I snatched up .
tr	O	he said , but he didn 't stop me .
tr	I	She didn 't even want to resist , and he was seducing her , there on the dance floor .
tr	O	Her world hadn 't been the same since he strolled into it last week , and it wouldn 't be the same when he strolled out .
tr	O	Artemis took one look at Acheron and her face went flush with anger .
tr	I	His face was redder than ever , and he was holding another glass .
tr	O	I noticed that he had shifted closer to me and our shoulders were almost touching .
tr	O	Her own thumbs dipped into the band on her thong and she pulled it off , throwing it across the room .
tr	I	A more independent seventeen than I ever was , and you 're seventeen .
tr	O	Puffy clouds drifted past , changing shape as they moved in the afternoon breeze , and he could sense Elizabeth watching him .
tr	O	This is your party and you 're here to enjoy yourselves .
tr	O	His body came alive beneath her touch and he barely held himself in check .
tr	O	She 'd never dressed up this much for work in Chicago , but Jessica guessed she was trying to impress her new bosses .
tr	I	Riley automatically compensated with an adjustment of his own , and Edward shifted a few inches to the side .
tr	O	Basha led them , looking at all the doors they passed by , but none appeared right .
tr	O	I loved it , but that didn 't mean it was for everyone .
tr	I	Right now they were not happy and Kate 's eyes were all cop .
tr	I	I carefully touched my cloth to the scrapes on her cheek , and she offered nothing more .
tr	I	This time the male was alert but I entered the lobby once again .
tr	I	That 's never changed , and I fell in love with you when I was sixteen .
tr	O	His grip loosened , and he looked away .
tr	I	It still ain 't like old times , at least not for me but it 's all right .
tr	I	Still he didn 't face her , but Gary let his arm slap down to his side .
tr	I	Your mother did , but I never attended .
tr	O	I close my eyes , waiting for it to pass , but it seems to take forever .
tr	O	The French do not , and neither do the Sioux .
tr	O	Eadie smiled at Edward but she couldn 't hide her disappointment as it came time for him to go .
tr	I	I want you with me when I eat , and I 've missed lunch , damn it .
tr	O	The men answered back and Tony thanked them for their assistance .
tr	I	She noticed a glint of gold from cufflinks exposed on his outstretched arm , and he wore a suit that seemed to fit well .
tr	O	Ryan pauses , and I wonder how much more of this I can handle .
tr	I	It also didn 't tell him why , but Google didn 't load the page for his browser .
tr	O	I will meet the other witches , and I wonder if I will feel as ill at ease as I do now .
tr	O	He increased the tension , and after a while , I was aware of little else .
tr	O	I could try to do that again now , but I didn 't know if it would work .
tr	O	He asked if they could have lunch , and she suggested her friend Hailey 's place .
tr	O	That morning at breakfast Uncle Ron walked in and the first thing on Kristen 's mind was the lion cubs .
tr	I	She blew one right back , and before I turned my back for the final time , I blew her a kiss .
tr	I	Steel clashed again , and a dim shape appeared in the opening .
tr	I	His smile spread beneath the funny bow of hair above his lip , and his eyes grew wide .
tr	O	I watched him running ahead of me , and I struggled to keep up with him .
tr	O	She whispers to the boy next to her , and he leaves to go in the back .
tr	I	She was gone , but she was there .
tr	I	He touched her shoulder to tell her to be still , but she stirred under him .
tr	O	Any problems they have mean that they won 't stay together -- and I 'll get my sister fully back .
tr	O	Several local people sat with me as I ate and I continued to answer questions .
tr	I	I have a lot of it here now , and there is a lot of it .
tr	I	I 'll see that it 's a hard one , and keep on provoking me .
tr	O	He looked around wildly , breathing hard , and after a few confused seconds saw another falcon two houses away .
tr	I	I was certain she would eventually come around and I wanted to have a daughter so badly .
tr	O	At last I managed to stop crying , and he kissed the top of my head .
tr	O	No matter how much we climbed , all we saw was the station surface ; and it was approaching quickly .
tr	O	You 've faced far worse , and you 'll figure this out .
tr	O	Mom sounded like a high pitched , squeaky , teenage girl and it was kind of funny .
tr	O	He looked up sadly at the ocean , somewhere past the edge of the horizon , but his gaze returned with a smile .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure , but it was enough .
tr	I	For a second I was about to lose it , and my voice failed me .
tr	O	I liked them , but they just weren 't my kind of people .
tr	I	I step back , and I am worried that he is going to touch my arm again .
tr	I	I knew Larry was mulling it over , and there was a long pause .
tr	I	Another shell exploded nearby and as we went , a rifle bullet cracked over our heads .
tr	O	It 'd been more than a month since she 'd seen Christian and despite everything , she craved the sight of him .
tr	O	He screamed the last sentence at me and I bolted out of the shuttle .
tr	I	He was told to get in the rear seat , and a long walk ended with another car door opening .
tr	I	No one moved , but the fat one yelled .
tr	I	There was a cop outside our door , and I got up to check who it was .
tr	O	I open my eyes , and Zeke nods at Damien .
tr	O	My stomach tightened as I remembered the deal , but I didn 't feel as bad as I thought as I would .
tr	O	I 'd never fired a gun in my life , and I wasn 't sure how exactly to stake something .
tr	I	Jiao ordered her ship to join the retreat and the Coalition forces were in a general retreat .
tr	I	I should not like to say I heard a voice pronounce it : but I heard Ransom 's name pronounced .
tr	I	Anne picked a fight with Julie , and Monday evening 's practice was a little hectic .
tr	I	She glared right back and he stared at Tess .
tr	I	I had to , but I didn 't want to say anything .
tr	I	He felt he was being watched by hundreds of people and a cold chill ran down his spine .
tr	O	Victoria was back home , and she couldn 't talk to her about it anyway .
tr	O	Maybe she had taken everything , but Mike would remember my call .
tr	O	He said something else , but it was too low for me to hear .
tr	I	She had disappeared , but he kicked deeper .
tr	O	The temperature was still pleasant but the sun was climbing rapidly .
tr	I	The pain there was obvious , but her eyes grew wide .
tr	O	We marched up , and they watched us .
tr	O	His voice was casual but his meaning wasn 't .
tr	O	The number was local , but I didn 't recognize it .
tr	I	Every time her eyes met his , hers sparkled , but he got the feeling she was a little bored by the show .
tr	O	This place was a lawless hell full of scared , desperate people , and no doubt it would only get worse .
tr	I	There is only a series of metallic clicks , but I turn the ignition of Lucy 's car .
tr	O	She curled up on her side , but that didn 't help .
tr	I	I tried not to laugh , and she looked at me eagerly .
tr	O	She knew she 'd have to tell Carlo about the baby , but it would be long after all this mess was cleared up .
tr	O	Because the bathroom door opens , and Kate steps into the bedroom .
tr	O	You can veer from the path , as you make wrong choices , but you 're not supposed to be able to alter the true path .
tr	I	I was his submissive and he was my dominant .
tr	O	There were some clouds at the sky , but it was still quite warm .
tr	I	Bookshelves piled high with colorful volumes and there are French-style doors that open onto a balcony in the front of the house .
tr	I	When I get back I 'll give you that shot , and I 'm going to go down with Eve to check on Cammie .
tr	I	I ' ll tell him to stay quiet about seeing you , and I can take that heap you arrived in back to its rightful owner .
tr	O	A small nibble of warning teased the edges of her consciousness but she was still too focused on the array of delicious appetizers .
tr	I	There 's not much to complain about when you 're choosing from two awesome covers but it was a hard choice .
tr	I	My thoughts are all jumbled together while I throw on my pants and my hands are shaking .
tr	O	Tommy Dorsey replaced Glenn Miller , and then Ella Fitzgerald replaced him .
tr	O	From where she was she could not see him , and she had done that intentionally .
tr	I	One parked in the rear in a separate garage building , and there were two other cars in the side parking area .
tr	O	She tried to lift her hands to his shoulders , but his hold on her arms didn 't allow it .
tr	O	He 'd seen what I had seen , and he 'd gone in to fix it .
tr	O	His eyes are closed now , and I can 't see him breathing .
tr	I	She chews on her bottom lip and her eyes narrow .
tr	O	He was over a foot taller than she , and in order to hear her , he had to tip his head way down .
tr	O	I so didn 't want to read what was on the paper , but I had to .
tr	O	Instinct told her to run , but she feared her legs were about to collapse .
tr	I	His expression had softened , but his words were harsh .
tr	I	It was clear to me his pride was piqued , but he sounded uncertain .
tr	O	The crowd cheered again and Johnnie turned his head , waiting for the count .
tr	I	She made this one sound important , but Sundays are family dinner days at Mama Kelly 's house .
tr	I	I couldn 't think of how else to locate Lucy , but drawing attention to myself probably wasn 't the best tactic .
tr	O	It couldn 't see , but it could smell him .
tr	O	He knew Nicholas would not appear from the outhouse , and the proximity of the dogs would deter any search there .
tr	I	He was needed here in Rome , but he didn 't like to delegate this job .
tr	O	The driver leans out his window to punch a code into a keypad , and the gates whir smoothly open .
tr	I	There was a sick turn in my belly , and Christian was still touching me .
tr	I	As I have other irons in the fire , you have twenty-four hours to decide , and this is my final position .
tr	I	He swung the hoe viciously , and grasping tongues stretched toward Seth .
tr	O	If she was lucky , he might buy her a dress but it wouldn 't be worth wearing .
tr	O	He tapped at a panel and the twenty-five screens went dark .
tr	O	Her first impulse was to tell him that Steve was none of his business , but perhaps she could use this to get Chase off her back .
tr	I	She recognized a note of reprimand , yet Lucian spoke in his most gentle voice .
tr	O	Some of it overflowed slightly , making her blood boil and her hands squeeze into such tight fists that her nails pierced the skin of her palms .
tr	I	She dialed Vince at his office , and he turned the tape recorder on .
tr	O	People at the camp wouldn 't notice it but you 'd see the pink from a distance .
tr	O	He 'll claim you 're an imposter , and they 'd believe him .
tr	O	I don 't have a mother who suffers from diabetes and my parents aren 't retired schoolteachers .
tr	I	Words faded from her mind , but Corinne opened her mouth to tease Lisa some more .
tr	O	Her heavy mouth had lost its lipstick and her nose needed powder .
tr	I	I eagerly welcomed it , and his tongue demanded entry .
tr	I	We just had to agree to disagree , but I could tell she was not very impressed with the whip .
tr	O	None were livable , though , and nothing offered protection .
tr	O	She rushed back to the high street , but he had already disappeared .
tr	O	Memories rushed back to her and she weaved on her feet so that he caught her elbow .
tr	O	He kisses me again , and this time I let his tongue inside my mouth .
tr	I	By midnight he was almost blinded by the pain and by the end of the day a throbbing started just behind his left eye .
tr	O	Teddy 's face scrunched at that last part , but Clint continued before he could ask what the unicorn meant .
tr	I	His fingers brushed my neck , and his arms circled my shoulders .
tr	I	It was killing me to try , but it was such a simple request .
tr	O	There was more fear than affection , reminding me of the hypocrisy Michael and I had discussed earlier .
tr	O	After taking a few moments to calm my racing heart , I entered my apartment with thoughts of Marcus , but they were instantly placed on standby .
tr	O	The kid obviously idolized Austin , but she couldn 't figure out the connection .
tr	O	The black sludge was going to swallow me whole and there was nothing I could do to stop it .
tr	I	The expression didn 't last long , but John frowned a little .
tr	O	I was walking along , minding my own business and there she was .
tr	I	Though at first my heart leapt , it quickly sank fast , and it took me a long time until I heard a car .
tr	O	She hadn 't even told her mother that she 'd met a man , yet Christophe had changed everything .
tr	I	I realized that I couldn 't have slept for very long , and my eyes opened slowly .
tr	O	The girls nodded , and he left them a while , watching from a distance .
tr	O	he asked on a sigh , knowing , either way , it was better to get it over with .
tr	I	She wouldn 't have wanted to mess things up , and it would have been the best thing that ever happened to her .
tr	O	Already the gunplay outside had died down to sporadic bursts , and by the time she reached the doorway , even that had ended .
tr	I	The show began and the lights dimmed .
tr	O	I know this , and yet I persist .
tr	I	I 'll move on , or I think he 'll come around one day .
tr	O	I just head down to the stables and there he is .
tr	I	They 're around shifters all the time , but usually the change first happens as children .
tr	O	I would wake up and Daemon would be gone .
tr	O	He was not one to look at other women , but he could not keep himself from staring at them .
tr	O	The room was spinning , and Julie grasped a nearby chair to keep from falling .
tr	I	I could feel it in every cell , but only one hand was on me .
tr	O	Sara cleared her throat , and Rafe met her gaze .
tr	I	He did not take it but his gaze moved to it .
tr	O	The figure then stepped smoothly behind the door , but Damon had seen enough .
tr	I	I watched you crumble , and he left you once .
tr	I	I could not take my eyes off of him , and he pulled me with him across the dance floor .
tr	I	He would be a much safer driver and she would be in a better position for coverage .
tr	O	Music was playing but no-one was dancing .
tr	I	If they share blood with a human , they can exert some amount of mind control , and their blood has a very powerful effect on humans .
tr	O	She was sure that she had pushed him too far , and he was not going to be her friend any more .
tr	I	It was easier to work sixteen hours a day , but I think I knew it all along .
tr	O	She called her sister to fill her in , and her parents a little later in the evening .
tr	I	Some perverse satisfaction had kept her on the line , but she should 've hung up the phone long before .
tr	O	Finally the man spoke and she was startled by the deep richness of his voice .
tr	O	Finding an administrative assistant who could schedule and bill supernatural appointments wasn 't that easy .
tr	O	I should hate you , but I don 't .
tr	I	They locked onto mine , and his eyes were open .
tr	O	The last chord faded and lights on the cameras went out .
tr	O	No one understood me like her and no one else probably ever would .
tr	O	Lee would 've been fourteen at the time , and the guy looking back at me with Kelly was certainly not that young .
tr	O	He must be very powerful , but I think he 's friendly .
tr	I	I thought I should wait until later when my mom wasn 't around , but I really wanted to check with Sir Richard .
tr	I	The question had almost been rhetorical and she knew her information wasn 't wrong .
tr	O	They used their feet as she might use her hands , and their vacuum suits had been adapted to accommodate their more dexterous toes .
tr	O	It 's still early in California , but my dad answers after three rings .
tr	O	A distant machine gun began to chatter , and the rumble of German shelling started again .
tr	O	There was the scent of the embalming fluid , Becca 's blood , and something else .
tr	O	We 'd be closing the Circle of Blood , and there was no way we could foresee the consequences .
tr	O	Lightning struck and he was gone .
tr	O	There was a gap in the attacks , but they started up again earlier this year .
tr	O	Ranma bounced back and they were off .
tr	O	Marie 's face tightened and she withdrew her hand .
tr	I	It was an army of lepers ... but he had returned with an army .
tr	I	Where will I take her , but I need to move her as soon as I can ?
tr	I	She wasn 't taking it off so someone could conveniently walk away with it , and this jacket had cost her big time .
tr	I	All the rooms sat connected together in a row , and it was a one-story motel made entirely of brick .
tr	I	He pressed an urgent kiss against them , and she brushed her fingertips across his mouth .
tr	I	I laugh , and asks Rob .
tr	I	Nothing ever came of it , but sometimes , I tried to call up a few memories from my life before I was eleven .
tr	O	St. Catherine doesn 't have much to offer , but just being out is good enough ; at first , anyway .
tr	I	He would work hard for Julienne , and he 'd worked hard for it .
tr	I	He wanted to protect her comfort as well , but he not only wanted to protect her fife .
tr	O	Admittedly , he didn 't know about it yet , but I took a lot of personal satisfaction from it .
tr	O	The sweater was too loose to offer much protection from the cool , evening air , but she couldn 't wear a Jennifer Marsh coat .
tr	O	He had no idea how long he lay on top of her , but when he finally lifted himself off , she was asleep beneath him .
tr	O	The front door to my house opens as I 'm putting my car in park , and Ezra walks outside , wringing her hands together nervously .
tr	I	His Nephilim men thundered in , and Hank opened the shed door .
tr	I	He gave a tiny , warning shake of his head , and she turned her glare on him .
tr	O	My offer was accepted and I took a chair .
tr	O	There was compassion in his eyes , but there was also too much understanding .
tr	O	Government agencies firmly denied having any involvement in the area but many citizens heard the gunshots .
tr	O	Max brought his sword down and the screaming stopped .
tr	I	I had my fingers crossed the whole time and I wasn 't sure she bought my acting .
tr	I	They perished just like before and he grabbed her wrist .
tr	O	The men who stood in front of the gate glanced in that direction , and Vincent took advantage of their distraction .
tr	I	He can continue to provide for his rather ponderous family , and I will reinstate my clerk , at his former salary .
tr	O	Lorrie just wanted a healthy relationship , but it was hard to see a way to do that now .
tr	O	Shotgun was awake , but he looked pale .
tr	I	He had saved me from the hot deserts in Comanche Country , and he was my first priority as with him , I at least had transportation .
tr	I	Abby won , and they had argued vehemently .
tr	O	She studied me for long moments , and I saw the decision in her aura before she even spoke .
tr	I	He let out a hearty laugh and the Captain 's mood suddenly shifted .
tr	I	He could take her direction , and he could give her orders .
tr	O	The path was broad , but its edges were overgrown .
tr	O	Clouds tell me what weather is ahead and flocks of birds show where the airstream is strong .
tr	I	Not doing very well with it , but I was trying to move on .
tr	O	He 'll convince you to do anything he wants , and he 'll make you think it was your idea .
tr	O	She was so wet , so tight , and Chase struggled with every breath now to hold back .
tr	I	I helped her ... and she was afraid .
tr	O	That will take days , but until then , they 'll have a log of everything we say .
tr	O	They were allowed to do so in emergency situations , and this situation could quickly turn into an emergency .
tr	O	The man 's neck was as broad as his jaw , and Lord was comforted by an apparent hard , athletic physique .
tr	O	Calliope stared at Ava , and despite all her posturing , undeniable shock spread across her face .
tr	O	He didn 't like his brother sticking his nose where it didn 't belong , but he couldn 't help being curious about Rich 's remark .
tr	I	She found it didn 't bother her now , but Tully used to hate that .
tr	I	I could see leather holsters at their sides and these men also wore belts across their chests .
tr	O	I 'm about to respond , but Christina interrupts .
tr	O	The aid returned and I looked at the time .
tr	O	Her tone was light , but she was twisting her Electric Raspberry comforter in her hands .
tr	O	I am the fulfillment and I shall from this moment on be the cause .
tr	O	Though maybe a fox is a beast , but I think of beasts as something more .
tr	I	Her blond hair was cut in long shaggy layers and she was taller .
tr	I	Eli almost paused , and they looked up .
tr	O	Sleep gradually rescinded and I blinked against unforgiving brightness .
tr	I	You know it and your sister broke almost all of their rules .
tr	O	He turned her around , and pressing firmly on her back , bent her over the arm of the couch .
tr	O	I was human , and Meghan was gone .
tr	O	I turned to hand Cohen a towel as he was coming out of the water , and there was no avoiding it .
tr	O	He hadn 't let go of my hand since we 'd gotten in the car , and now he tightened his grip .
tr	I	They exchanged handshakes all around , and Dr. Molino stood , too .
tr	O	I looked back down at the picture , pushing away the sadness I was feeling and I read the last line .
tr	I	They sent a shiver of horror through me , and those were the first words I ever heard her speak to an evil spirit .
tr	O	There was now in Texas an Army of Mexico that numbered nearly ten thousand combatants , and there was no Army of Texas to speak of .
tr	I	They walked out into the bright warm sunshine and Sara accepted his outstretched hand .
tr	I	Now he understood why , and he hadn 't even thought of anyone since setting eyes on her .
tr	I	He turned toward the Siren , and he had a devilish grin on his face .
tr	I	The door twists into life and it beeps irregularly .
tr	O	The great mouth opened wider , and she stared inside it helplessly .
tr	I	My eyes narrow just a bit , but I don 't do it on purpose .
tr	I	I squeezed off another round to be sure , but the first bullet hit him in the chest .
tr	O	Shadows don 't serve any purpose , but they do add a certain depth to the scenery .
tr	I	He was ready for it , but she threw an energy ball .
tr	I	He couldn 't see anything else , two glowing orbs radiating through the darkness and the headlights came rushing toward him .
tr	I	They wisely dodged out of his path , but I doubted they could see his bloodthirsty glare .
tr	O	He opened his eyes , and they were stung by perspiration .
tr	I	As he held her gaze , he silently asked her to trust him , and her green eyes connected with his .
tr	O	She could feel Him and she could smell Him .
tr	I	She immediately regretted her words , and Annoyance saturated his voice .
tr	I	Then stopped , frowning , but he took a step .
tr	I	Garrett steered onward , toward the horizon , but the sky was beginning to turn leaden .
tr	O	Her shoulders sagged and she looked away .
tr	I	Flung it into the brush and he picked up a rock .
tr	I	Free will weren 't exactly synonymous and she 'd heard him bark enough orders at Chris to know Wulf .
tr	I	I turn my gaze to Holder and he walks out of the classroom .
tr	I	He must have decided against it , but I thought he might say something more .
tr	I	Some intangible quality of his essence seemed still to hover in this area , but Manfred was not there .
tr	I	The hole into the hallway was now just a tiny spot of light in the distance , and Michael looked back .
tr	I	Their arrival was acknowledged with more horns and servants again assisted them from the carriages .
tr	O	At last he stood staring at the old Reuben Golding he thought he knew so well , and neither had a word for the other that mattered .
tr	I	Bodies moved , all almost too quickly to be seen and blades darted .
tr	I	It didn 't really say much , but that was true .
tr	O	She 's worried that you haven 't been acting like yourself , and you 're going out more often .
tr	O	The air was cool and a bit dank .
tr	O	It was a grey day and darker clouds were hurrying in .
tr	I	The awkwardness of it didn 't bother me , and I became familiar with how his world worked .
tr	O	Nate was bewildered and staring into the flames .
tr	O	She just tried so damn hard , and I didn 't understand why .
tr	I	The numbers started in the 1000s so I knew immediately that this was not the place and these lockers were very small .
tr	I	He could drive into me , a little further and I pressed both hands onto his chest so I could hold myself .
tr	I	He bit his lower lip and I saw his eyes widen .
tr	I	He looked down for a moment , and his fingers twined into Nicole 's .
tr	O	So he thought it was okay to flaunt his new girlfriend , but he somehow felt he could dictate who she was allowed to see !
tr	I	They continued moving on through the spears of rain , but their heads swung in unison to look at the car .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to say , but I bent down to her , trying to calm her .
tr	O	The elevator door slid open and they helped me inside .
tr	I	Again it wore off and Ben once again had his high .
tr	O	I know it 's stupid , and I know you do not see me that way .
tr	O	She could not tell what he was thinking , but the blade in his hand was shaking violently as his hand shook .
tr	I	Rose was caught in his gaze , and he stared into her eyes .
tr	I	She shivered , but Jasmin should have laughed .
tr	I	The foot traffic on the side street had increased since yesterday , but I didn 't see any workers nearby .
tr	O	They seemed different , and that frightened me .
tr	O	Gatsby knew Alanna , and it seemed Alanna hadn 't thrown him in the dungeon for being absent those three hundred years .
tr	I	He needed her to know that it was the same for him , and he knew that a promise was as good as gold to her .
tr	O	It was a hard hacking cough and my hand came away with thick blood smeared across it .
tr	O	He gives Caleb a push , just enough to get him off the car floor , and my brother disappears .
tr	O	He had smoldering blue-gray eyes , and his square cut jaw had a cleft .
tr	I	Its top was flat , and the object was rectangular .
tr	O	The pact was sealed with blood , and I went to search for her .
tr	O	It had either been nothing or it had been a good reason to move out .
tr	O	The back wheels locked and the car slung around .
tr	O	I increasingly recognized those colors , and by midday I 'd become fairly proficient at it .
tr	O	This wasn 't the usual con , and it was more than she could integrate at the moment .
tr	I	It didn 't show , but he had been nervous .
tr	I	She didn 't want to take a journey without him close and she could only take blood from Nicolas .
tr	I	A throb pulsed through my lower body and I closed my eyes as a shudder went through me .
tr	O	Her boyfriend is Gavin and we 're double dating .
tr	I	The furniture rattled , and the floor shook .
tr	I	He 'd executed a few moves that were surprisingly smart , but Brodie seemed to be playing a pretty obvious game .
tr	O	Adrenaline flooded her body and she wanted to weep with joy .
tr	I	The wound looks clean , but you could still have an ultrasound to be certain .
tr	O	He loves being around people all the time and he gets that running the bar .
tr	O	The flame vanished , and he blew ash from his fingers .
tr	I	He no longer cared , but he knew it was sinful to give in to such bliss .
tr	O	She glanced behind her , but the cave was dark .
tr	I	She 'd added that to the grocery list because they were out of it , but Jordan liked turkey bacon on his .
tr	O	Five minutes ago , nerves had left her with a mouth as dry as paper , but the kiss has taken care of that .
tr	O	They had been able to repeat the experiment of 2002 , and each time they were successful in making the copper cube disappear .
tr	I	We both worked there after school , and we were staying with a couple that owned a small restaurant .
tr	I	The fabric grazes my cheek , and when I 'm about within arm 's reach , the Reaper suddenly turns , whipping its cape around .
tr	O	She was pale and she had a few purple speckles on her face all around her eyes .
tr	I	I remember wanting to impress Marek , but I was probably only three then .
tr	O	The bolt glanced across his skin instead of embedding itself , but it dug deep enough in passing .
tr	I	I get chills and he looks at me ?
tr	I	He 's not here , but Sam 's my twin .
tr	O	I pulled my phone out of my pocket , and sure enough , it showed a new text .
tr	O	John still refused to cooperate in any tests when requested , but it was in a perfectly good humored fashion .
tr	O	They had seen death close at hand and their chance survival had taught them new lessons .
tr	I	I was beginning to get panicky and by Friday I hadn 't heard from Gena .
tr	O	Then he smiled , and it was a chilling sight as his fangs flashed .
tr	O	I look down at it , and the words blur for me .
tr	I	It 'll do for now , but that 's not really what I 'm after .
tr	O	Mark 's eyes darkened and his arms fell limp .
tr	I	I paid for it and I took a chance .
tr	O	I glance sideways at him , but his face is obscured by the shadows .
tr	I	He hadn 't made his point at all , and he felt the visit slipping through his fingers .
tr	I	For several seconds , we were silent , and I nodded in return .
tr	I	I still had no fucking idea what was going on , but several of her friends turned around to glare at me .
tr	I	My sweaty hands slip on the handle of the bat and my knees weaken .
tr	O	He gave her a quick kiss goodbye and she turned to walk into her building .
tr	O	Mallory followed us in , and Ethan closed the door .
tr	I	There was no seduction to her manner , but the leather pants hugged her curves .
tr	I	Dmitri made room for her in the back seat and Nicolas opened the tent in front of the car .
tr	I	I was out of time , and it meant Patch had arrived .
tr	I	I 'd really like to get to know myself again but I think to myself .
tr	O	I believe this will make Samantha happy , and that 's all I need to know .
tr	O	The table was soon cleared and everything returned to good order .
tr	I	They snap around my ears in the process , making them sting , and he snatches them from my head .
tr	O	What went on between him and Cara went beyond .
tr	I	It 's over , but last night was great .
tr	O	I shook my head , and we all broke up .
tr	I	I didn 't want to get know him personally , but I stalked him because wanted to know about him .
tr	O	Office Boy turned at the sound of the door bells tinkling and his gray eyes lit up as soon as they landed on Kenna .
tr	O	Kylie felt her own aggression boil up inside her and she swiped at the tears sliding down her face .
tr	O	He had no conscious thought of moving , but he found himself across the room , his hands smoothing her firm buttocks .
tr	O	I actually can 't handle the thought of a man within fifty feet of you , but I do my best to keep my temper under control .
tr	O	It would be a difficult shot but the beast was close enough to try .
tr	I	It was only a flash , but Cory felt the anger again .
tr	I	I don 't work cheap and you 're not funny .
tr	O	Then his head came up , and he stared down at her .
tr	O	The thing halted , and Celaena stopped breathing .
tr	I	His wrist weapon let loose a rapid succession of energy bursts as he fell , and the old miner had been trailing behind us .
tr	O	If I were weak , his grip would have hurt me , but I didn 't feel as if I were in any danger .
tr	O	My mouth pressed to hers harder , not rough , but wanting to get as close to her as possible .
tr	O	Angel Bay is so small that there 's only one major intersection and it 's right here in front of the cafe .
tr	O	Soft shapeless sounds , and others more piercing .
tr	I	It took him four rings to find it , but Aaron fumbled through his pockets looking for it .
tr	O	Students talk in concentrated clumps on the grass surrounding the stage , and my eyes are drawn to a pair of guys fighting a hazy ninja .
tr	I	She threw the hose down as she ran for safety , and he laughed in a way that made her scream again .
tr	O	She didn 't really like gin , but it gave her the best buzz .
tr	I	The door leading into the bedroom was out of sight and a closed door across the room , I guessed , led to a bathroom .
tr	I	They weren 't taking chances , and the stalker still hadn 't been caught .
tr	O	I tried to convince myself that he somehow deserved this for making me lose Sam , but I couldn 't .
tr	I	There were no two ways about it and it was a fine homestead indeed that they were building .
tr	I	She deserved to be happy and Amy was a beautiful woman .
tr	O	He had shared his life with Charlotte while she was alive , and that had made living it so much better .
tr	I	They both waved their welcome and Elizabeth sided up to him .
tr	I	First , I think there 's a small chance she 's headed for Headquarters , but I 'll explain everything .
tr	O	It was obvious he was trying to atone for her twin 's arrival the following Tuesday , but nothing could make up for that .
tr	I	Her breathing grew regular and he watched anxiously as the color returned to her cheeks .
tr	O	I picked up my bags and I took them to my bed .
tr	I	Few were able to appreciate it but the view from the crest of the mountains was awesome .
tr	O	Jenna stepped closer , and I knew she was searching Elodie 's eyes for me .
tr	O	She opened her mouth on a sweet moan of approval , and Cain took advantage of the opportunity to deepen their kiss .
tr	I	The only thing I had scheduled was my semiannual turnout of Beanie Winthrop 's walk-in closet , and I keep Wednesday mornings open for cleaning emergencies .
tr	O	The words were very faint , and yet she could hear them .
tr	O	Hands scooped beneath his arms from behind , and suddenly he had an extra boost .
tr	O	That was when it had become clear Jay and I weren 't on any sort of vacation .
tr	I	She couldn 't touch it , but instinctively , she reached for Cain 's power to aid her efforts .
tr	I	They are always very well handled , these English frigates , and the frigate alone will have twice our firepower .
tr	O	It was one of the only knives I never bothered hiding , and I 'd kept it even handier than usual since my wedding day .
tr	O	His face fell , but there was something so dramatic about his expression that she knew he was being disingenuous .
tr	I	She straightened the gold strands , and Alex touched Amy 's hair .
tr	I	The ball landed next to me and I crashed into the end zone .
tr	O	She could feel Luc 's gaze skim down her half-naked body with a tangible hunger , but she resisted the urge to crawl beneath the covers .
tr	I	It was chilly to say the least , and the sky was grey .
tr	O	A nervous giggle escapes and I shake my head .
tr	I	I will never do tricks for money and I don 't go out at night .
tr	I	I 've got extra weight on my bones , and I eat food .
tr	I	This is why he insisted he coordinated the battle from the war room , but he knew Lukas wanted to be on the battlefield with him .
tr	O	The driver loaded my bags and I started to get in .
tr	O	You may have had visions about things that happened , but you didn 't really see it .
tr	I	He followed and Liz had entered a room at the top of the stairs .
tr	O	I jerked away , but my skin felt as if it were on fire where he 'd touched me .
tr	I	My mother was descending into complete madness so severe that she terrified me , and I was about to graduate eighth grade .
tr	O	A rapid beeping sound floated through the door , and then Taylor cried out .
tr	I	My legs couldn 't move fast enough , and I 'd told Logan that I couldn 't do it , that he was asking the impossible .
tr	I	Hurried through the long passage to the stairs , and she picked up her leather bag , slung it over her shoulder .
tr	I	His father climbed out and Rob shoved the phone in his pocket as a familiar truck pulled to a stop .
tr	O	The mind is strong but the body is weak .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure what was happening at first and I begged him to let me go before the authorities found out .
tr	I	I desperately wanted him to go away , but I didn 't want to mess anything up for Owen 's contract with Roger 's father .
tr	O	He got the community together and the house is being fixed !
tr	I	I find myself breathing in tandem , and her chest rises on an inhale .
tr	O	She grinned up at him and his heart soared .
tr	O	He was annoyed at having his territory invaded again , but I knew he 'd have the dog under his paw in no time .
tr	O	Electric trains hum on their tracks , and sun dappled trees shade the paths that lead along the open corridors of the city .
tr	O	He was giving me a lop-sided grin but that didn 't help much .
tr	I	The rest of his body had leapt into a high adrenalin state anyway , but his brain was logically telling him that there was nothing to fear .
tr	I	I wasn 't really sure but I had my suspicions .
tr	I	The pictures she likes , but the words mean nothing to her .
tr	O	I felt Scott come up behind me and I got chills all over my body .
tr	O	Lennox supplies and I nod .
tr	O	My hand covers it instantly , and my legs wobble like jelly .
tr	O	Family got there first , and maybe for the first time ever , my mother didn 't stress me out .
tr	O	The color drained from my face , and I looked to Vincent .
tr	I	He did a poor job of it , and he tried very hard to reconnect to a world where Gerald was rich -- that was reality now .
tr	O	He cradles my head , smoothing my hair as my shoulders shake and my tears soak his scarred chest .
tr	I	He put out a hand to stop her , but she started to cover herself self-consciously .
tr	O	Trick just shakes his head , but he doesn 't say anything more about it .
tr	I	I feel the panic quickly and 17 I wake around ten .
tr	O	Doyle asks me and I 'm flabbergasted .
tr	O	I turned to get away , but I was surrounded by cameras .
tr	O	I suddenly felt weak , and my legs started quivering .
tr	O	He remained silent , watching her , and she knew what he wanted .
tr	O	We pulled forward and he took my left hand , gently rubbing his thumb across the back of it while driving through my neighborhood .
tr	I	Nash tore off and the light changed .
tr	I	Only then did I realize that I hadn 't pushed my goggles down off my forehead , and my eyes were beginning to sting .
tr	I	The feeling was mutual , and it was known all over Chicago that he considered Cronin his most bitter enemy .
tr	I	He needs the help and Norma called in sick .
tr	O	Shea 's soft little keening cries were muffled against him , yet they echoed in his mind .
tr	O	I have some toast for breakfast , plain but I do not care .
tr	I	I realized quickly it didn 't mean anything good , but I didn 't know what that meant .
tr	O	Her heart accelerated and her mouth dried .
tr	O	Her arms were wrapped around her legs and her face was turned toward the glass door that opened her room to the beach .
tr	I	Blades shot out around the soles , and she stomped her boots .
tr	I	He accepted the bag , but Bax 's eyes widened .
tr	I	I love you as Sarah , and I love you as Elizabeth .
tr	O	Clara had asked her to and I couldn 't object .
tr	O	His uncle was a mister and when Adam was turned , it was fortuitous for the Council that he also had the gift .
tr	O	The train was starting to pull out of the station and she took out her mobile phone .
tr	O	You will feel heat at your feet , which signifies you have made contact and they are ready to do your bidding .
tr	O	The gate were opened and he were let in .
tr	O	His mouth kept moving closer to his goal and he ignored her fingers that were clutching at his hair , trying to move him away .
tr	O	Colin entire body seized and his stomach felt like it had been kicked hard .
tr	O	The door to Sara 's closet swished opened and she found herself face to face with an angry , ferocious warrior .
tr	O	The few people in the lobby were looking over at us , but I didn 't think they could hear what was being said .
tr	I	You fucking shied away from being naked in front of me all the time , and I knew you were tired .
tr	I	He felt so good , and she felt him everywhere .
tr	I	In such times the battle can be felt at home in a marriage , and there was a war to be fought .
tr	I	Then she closed it , and she opened her mouth , looked as though she wanted to ask me something else .
tr	I	A kaleidoscope of colors merged and an explosion occurred within her .
tr	O	He 'd known from the first what a difficult case this would be for the young Goodness , but no one had appreciated his insight .
tr	O	He laughed , but the sound was hollow .
tr	O	I asked , and he grinned .
tr	I	We will flee in the sunlight and I will draw up the mountains .
tr	I	It didn 't , but she wished she could claim it stood out as her worst one .
tr	O	Malik was at the open door , and he held out a hand in invitation .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure what he wanted , but he knew it didn 't involve letting her go .
tr	I	Her curves are burned into my brain , and she bends to choose the last remaining gift .
tr	O	Soon the sails are taught and a fresh breeze begins to blow .
tr	I	He made me look like some deranged lunatic off her meds , and he had the police eating out of his hand .
tr	O	His eyes slide up to meet mine and they stay there for a moment .
tr	O	The door opened and Silk came back in .
tr	O	At eighteen you can see over some walls into other rooms , and you start to wonder whether the adults were right all along .
tr	O	All I had wanted was to get Lucky to this party , but now I was wondering if it had been a bigger mistake .
tr	I	A large lump in her throat threatened to choke her , and when he looked away , Lisa caught the sheen of tears in his eyes .
tr	O	The Elders were coming to take over The Shade and the horrifying reality sank into me , as well as my companions .
tr	O	Meet me at mine in twenty mins and we 'll talk .
tr	O	They hide you , they protect you ... and they give you power .
tr	I	The guards would patrol outside the two fences , and there was to be another electrified fence between .
tr	I	She seemed nice , but Odd that Tess would choose her as a friend .
tr	O	He 's still alive , but a part of him goes away .
tr	O	She had a small breathless voice like an asthmatic child and it was clearly evident why amplification was mandatory for her .
tr	O	I shivered at the thought of reading anything about him but I needed the closure .
tr	I	She released me a moment later , and I gave her a quick pat on the back .
tr	I	Few confronted it , but many of the aspects accepted their lot .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure if she would have stopped him if he had leaned forward , and that was disorienting .
tr	O	I gestured for the rest of our men to go with him and I waited while the writhing Ionian was dragged around the corner of the bluff .
tr	I	I didn 't want to discuss anything with him anymore and the conversation with Sarah had put me on edge .
tr	I	It was almost impossible , but I tried to maintain my game face .
tr	I	Mark was already on stage plugging in his guitar , but he wanted to ask Mark if he 'd seen them .
tr	O	The growling subsided and I glanced around the room .
tr	I	Suddenly it was there and my finger traced down the entries for ' P ' .
tr	I	It was going to be , but indeed , something wasn 't right .
tr	O	Why , I wanted to ask , but I could see that Sara was almost at the end of her phone call .
tr	I	She breathed in his musky scent and his hair was soft under her fingers .
tr	I	That filled my mind , and I had my own .
tr	O	The goddamned tears are back , and it only makes me angrier at him .
tr	O	His voice rises on the last words , and his glare at Pete grows even fiercer .
tr	O	I tried to cover my mouth , but I wasn 't quite quick enough .
tr	O	Tyler turned up the radio , and Jeni let her head fall back on the headrest .
tr	O	I was dying to compare notes with Kim , but we had to wait until we were alone .
tr	O	His grip tightened and he began to pull her away .
tr	O	She also had a vampire 's hunger and that bloodlust was growing within her .
tr	I	He stroked his fingers over her arm in a soothing pattern and Alaric 's arm tightened around her shoulders .
tr	O	Its windows are papered against the light , and the trapped air is sharp with chemical solution .
tr	I	That 's all right , and we drift off with no solutions between us .
tr	O	None of them spoke and they all moved with purpose .
tr	I	His eyes stopped with Pappy , and the deputy looked around the crowd .
tr	I	He holds his breath , his dark eyes meeting mine , and I trace my index finger over the raised pink line .
tr	O	Holiday nodded , but disbelief flashed in her eyes .
tr	I	Her shoulders seemed more slumped than they had been just a few moments ago , and deep parentheses bracketed Mom 's mouth .
tr	O	He chewed on his lower lip and I could tell he was nervous .
tr	O	Her head gave another nasty throb , and she sucked in a hissing breath .
tr	I	I 'm sure the guy is long gone , but I 'll stick with you just in case .
tr	O	Her partner turned about , and his thin lips drew back from his crooked yellow teeth .
tr	I	He wasn 't responding to her questions , but she could see her son 's awake .
tr	O	The bell saves me from explaining further , and we all slide into our seats .
tr	I	He kept up nicely , but I was practically running .
tr	I	I swung without thinking , and my brain clicked off .
tr	I	The night air was filled with those singing insects again and it was quiet for a moment .
tr	I	The seam up along the side of the skirt was mostly split and the shoulders of her blouse were ripped in places .
tr	I	She leans her head onto the counter in front of her , and shock , followed by devastation , makes her face crumple .
tr	O	The showman attitude disappeared and he became once more the serious , learned lecturer .
tr	I	They ran together down the stairs all the way to the street and he grabbed Alethea 's arm .
tr	I	I need your knowledge , but I have taken a great chance with you .
tr	I	There was a great scandal when it all came out and they kept their unlicensed , unlawful , marriage a secret .
tr	I	It didn 't quite fit , but I tried to hang that name on the girl I remembered .
tr	O	He caught me , like he was expecting me and in the next moment his mouth was on mine .
tr	I	They 'd been sent to a military reform school rather than juvie , but they 'd all landed in trouble with the law as teens .
tr	I	There was nothing unusual about that , but most of them were on cell phones .
tr	O	Her phone buzzed on the table and I saw that it was Justin .
tr	O	Eirik offered his left hand , and the man shook it gingerly .
tr	I	This time , Iona 's tongue came out to meet his , and he licked her again .
tr	I	I don 't move , but my eyes flick open .
tr	O	Tethys rolled off her table and she gingerly reached toward a chair .
tr	I	I could see the tension in his shoulders and Leonardo frowned .
tr	I	Her body was wide open , but her heart might be guarded .
tr	O	That brought a reaction from Lea , and she started to open her eyes .
tr	O	The bridge shakes beneath us , and I grab on to one of the white rails as wind hits me , sweeping my feet from the bridge .
tr	I	As soon as I was free , I hurried off to find Eddie , and the time flew by .
tr	O	Her father 's face had fallen , but her next words transformed it .
tr	I	Where were these helpful employees they always advertised , and I should have been able to find this stuff ?
tr	O	He 'd been asked plenty of questions about the game , but it had been a long time since someone asked why .
tr	I	This time it did involve Sarah , and this was more serious than everyday gossip .
tr	O	Joel was here and now we were in trouble with the manager .
tr	I	We both sighed in relief and I let go of her hand .
tr	O	The music played and we all stood there as the coffin vanished .
tr	I	Their minds moved faster , and their eyes grew sharp .
tr	O	He was almost dead from exhaustion , but the want , the need , was still there .
tr	I	Something pokes me in the back and I slump back in the sofa .
tr	I	I don 't think we rigged it for them , but they have a water heater .
tr	I	Deni laughed as his rough tongue nearly pushed her over , and Jace licked her face , tasting her tears .
tr	I	It was still awkward , but she probably had a good reason .
tr	O	He would hurt , but he would heal .
tr	O	Mr Johnson speaks softly in agreement but I also hear the amusement behind the words .
tr	O	I 'm sure it is hard to ask me that , but I don 't know .
tr	O	Tom 's heart raced and his knees shook so badly he feared they would hear them .
tr	O	He waved his long , thin hands expressively and his eyes widened in mock surprise .
tr	O	It was Chris the Curious , and he 'd seen enough to equally feel no threat from the group .
tr	I	Then Loretta 's voice came on the line , and he waited , listening to some awful music .
tr	O	He flew side to side , but the corridor was totally empty .
tr	O	Typically , it was a tedious task , but today it took a turn for the surprising .
tr	O	Something tickled in her nose , and she let out a sneeze .
tr	O	Champlain , I guess it was called , but I never caught even a glimpse of it from these flat lands .
tr	I	I was pretty sure he 'd had different plans for our Saturday before his dad showed up , but we didn 't talk about it .
tr	O	His cousin had never been a patient man , but at that moment he was in full agreement with him .
tr	O	A Source can burn themselves up trying to make it work , and they usually take the Con with them .
tr	I	This time it sounded like an apology , but Jared sighed again .
tr	I	I was sure he 'd figured out where my original question was going , but I didn 't doubt Nate could find someone .
tr	I	Jack had dealt with paying the taxi driver and the taxi had dropped us off .
tr	O	He raised an eyebrow in surprise , and then his hand wrapped around it .
tr	I	I 'd refused to see him , but he 'd attempted to visit me twice more while I was hospitalized .
tr	I	I 've always found it endearing , but Brax is overprotective .
tr	O	She was nineteen and he was thirty-five .
tr	I	Einstein kept playing off beat , but he used to play with Rubin stein .
tr	I	By then we 're at our lockers down senior hall , and when he retrieves it , he slides it back on .
tr	I	I appreciated their sixth sense when it came to my feelings and they knew I wasn 't in the mood to discuss what had just happened .
tr	O	Bastian couldn 't stop himself from laughing and Haven had a hard time staying angry .
tr	I	I do , but I know Zeus doesn 't care about that kind of stuff .
tr	O	He took a step back , and it was then that I noticed the group of people who had formed a tight circle around us .
tr	I	I cherished every moment of it , and I welcomed the beast within me .
tr	O	Chapter 8 Getting there is half the fun Elise and I had about a week together before she started south .
tr	O	That goes on for a few years , and the rookie doesn 't suspect a thing , right ?
tr	O	I ate a few pieces , but they tasted terrible .
tr	I	Although this wasn 't open on Saturday , she would attend emergencies , and Doctor Mary Livingstone lived above her surgery about half a mile away .
tr	O	The strained civility was taxing and I didn 't want to continue our stilted conversation .
tr	I	She was the only one who heard it , but Josie answered back .
tr	I	She trembled at my touch and her skin was so smooth .
tr	I	He shook his head , but she started to speak .
tr	O	When she didn 't do what he wanted immediately , he rammed her into the unforgiving metal door and she fell back on her ass .
tr	O	The kiss turned hungry , and my hands , trapped between us , could only grip the front of his shirt .
tr	O	We went around behind the shabby little temple , and I saw that beast for the first time .
tr	I	Instead of leaving , he advanced , and he didn 't appear worried .
tr	O	My tears had spilled over , and I couldn 't wipe them away fast enough .
tr	O	It had been decided , and Conrad had agreed .
tr	O	The wind had picked up and rain pelted at his rain slicker .
tr	I	I couldn 't break him , but it was obvious that he too knows something about who I am that I don 't know .
tr	O	It was almost unbearably bland , and it triggered her gag reflex .
tr	I	Her boldness stretched to Kim heights , and Julie sensed Pete inviting them towards a better time .
tr	I	Her heart melted again , and his words were a hesitant offering of love , rendering a seemingly invincible man vulnerable .
tr	O	The squad leader waved back , and the men turned back to the perimeter road where it was easier going .
tr	I	I 'm very happy to have you stay here with me , and we 're all very excited to have you here with us .
tr	O	She has three little brothers , and her mom got laid off .
tr	O	She went downstairs and as soon as her nose caught the smell of food , she realised the hotel had a cafe .
tr	I	My legs shook with the effort to make it to the bathroom that joined the two suites together , and Sweat dotted my forehead .
tr	I	The rational self knew she wasn 't here , but part of me wanted to look for Silk .
tr	I	The dangerous undertones didn 't escape my attention , but his voice was calm .
tr	O	He laughed at his joke , but Mr. Tom never found it funny .
tr	I	It 's not the way you need to be loved , but I love you .
tr	I	One had been strangled , and one had been bludgeoned .
tr	I	It taught me how to muffle the noise , and Translocation was a lot of fun , actually .
tr	I	A cool sweat beaded her upper lip and the air rushed from Paige 's lungs .
tr	O	For a second his eyes narrowed and the smile on his lips hardened .
tr	I	I realized I had no idea which room was Clay 's and I walked up the stairs .
tr	I	It didn 't get better as I took everything in , and when we landed I immediately felt like things were off .
tr	I	His world faded to nothing before the rest of his body could contact the ground , and his knees hit the pavement .
tr	O	He stepped forward to embrace her , and he pressed her warmly to his chest .
tr	I	I found it creepy as hell , but I didn 't know .
tr	O	Finally the sounds of gunshots ceased , and the door opened , revealing Scotia .
tr	I	Now he was grinning like a kid on a theme park ride , but normally , Op Nine was about as joyful as an undertaker .
tr	O	He tried to breathe again but the air was hot in his throat .
tr	O	She knew she should 've been offended by the personal nature of the question , but for some reason she wasn 't .
tr	O	I am the survivor of the lost , of the weak and I am the breath of the strong .
tr	O	His finger slipped up into my bra and I squealed as he pinched me .
tr	I	He leaned in to kiss me , and my legs barely touched the leather .
tr	O	He can 't explain his dreams of the tiger running on the beach , but he has always felt an inexplicable connection to the creature .
tr	I	He ignored her , but she raised her hips against him , searching for his giving fingers .
tr	I	I 'm afraid I have troubling news , but you will be paid the promised price .
tr	I	I instantly knew I wasn 't going to like the answer and Jack 's jaw tensed .
tr	I	She isn 't one of them and she isn 't one of us .
tr	I	At least he was determined to act that way , or it was like he 'd forgotten Edward was there .
tr	I	He trusted me with his car , and he was always with me .
tr	O	Kiel sensed that he struggled with his own conscience , but in truth , he could have done no more .
tr	I	I didn 't think that was going to get me anywhere , but I wanted to tell him that it wasn 't his fault .
tr	I	I find that suits me well , for I am cautious about my personal writing , and she thinks that I am interested in poetry .
tr	O	We call it nesting , and it 's perfectly normal .
tr	I	It was incredible -- and she had come upon a formula for her divisions !
tr	I	I licked my lips slowly as I waited for him to kiss me , and he winked at me .
tr	I	The weapon climbed up into the sky streaking back down to smash the left-most enemy tank and once again the flight motor kicked in .
tr	I	She could not grab hold of this greasy innkeeper , but Susan felt faint all of a sudden .
tr	O	Tom left , and Shawn laughed .
tr	I	He knew that he was on her list as well , but Ma had ribbed Joe at the table about settling down .
tr	I	This is getting complicated but I used a local Lawyer for the simple sale of a couple lots .
tr	I	I refused , but I should have accepted her offer .
tr	O	The mirror has been shattered , but even a weak usurper managed to travel between worlds without any need of a mirror .
tr	I	Your curiosity couldn 't be stifled , but Max wanted you to be careful .
tr	O	I was leaning back over the edge of my living room couch and Sofia had her back leaned against my chest .
tr	I	Now the whole region is evacuating , and Springdale got hit hard .
tr	I	I do want to get back to Adele as soon as possible , and it would take us all day to walk across the city .
tr	I	She ought to demand them out of her father after school , and she deserved some answers .
tr	O	This was the first time she 'd heard that and it showed on her face .
tr	O	One of the four had to weaken eventually , and Haven was determined it wouldn 't be her .
tr	I	Brice was afraid of him and the man was a bully .
tr	O	It was later in the afternoon , and the arcade was more crowded .
tr	O	Their night hadn 't even really begun and already her chest felt tight with anticipation .
tr	O	It was a pro job , and if Deckard had not been there , Trigger would have faded into the night with ease .
tr	O	I 'd lived three lifetimes of a man 's future and I was finally looking into the green eyes of the one I 'd been waiting for .
tr	O	It 's very late in the year to climb so high , and the weather will make the mountains almost impassable .
tr	O	Janie grabbed the handle from the other side , and the two of them struggled uphill , tool case between them .
tr	O	She pushed us closer together , and before I knew it , we were dancing .
tr	O	He drove off and I was alone .
tr	O	The headlights bobbed wildly , and I couldn 't even tell why they even had this road .
tr	I	His skin color changed slightly pale and his muscles ached .
tr	I	It wasn 't , but the desperate sound in my voice should have been embarrassing .
tr	I	It was too late , but Elaina flinched back .
tr	I	We need to make a pit stop here first , but I have some ... friends in Arizona .
tr	O	He looked up and my breath caught as our eyes met .
tr	O	He notices the mirrored movement , and his eyes flick to my hand before returning to my face .
tr	O	He was caught and he knew it .
tr	I	As I heard him coming up behind me , I knew he wasn 't going to change his mind , but our conversation was far from done .
tr	O	I could hear coughing everywhere around me , and my mother kept putting water to my lips .
tr	I	Jackson stopped me , but I reached down to pull off my skirt .
tr	O	She gets up , and when Zeke reaches for her , she throws his hand aside , marching toward one of the doors .
tr	I	It would be his total joy to knock David across his pathetic jaw but Derek was normally not a violent man .
tr	O	He raised his hips , and the friction was exquisite .
tr	O	Then they sank in , and my stomach twisted even more .
tr	I	All of those were in self-defense , and he 'd only shot down four .
tr	I	Four fast attack shuttles launch from one of her starboard docking bays , their bright blue engines flaring and the great juggernaut comes about .
tr	O	I supposed that worked with the whole vampire thing , but it was still pretty shocking to see .
tr	O	I don 't want him to leave , but I say nothing as he walks away .
tr	I	The girl smiled warmly , and they shook hands .
tr	O	Food was short on the gold fields , and the wild game in the vicinity had soon been shot out .
tr	I	The gods have cursed them with these ... these ... aberrations and your son has betrayed his kind by Claiming this human girl .
tr	I	I persuaded her to be more forthcoming , but she didn 't want to talk then .
tr	O	As you can see , it isn 't going to work , and I 'm afraid this is going to be my last try .
tr	O	It was something of a spectacle , but she was convinced she had him where she wanted him .
tr	I	At the funeral , he blamed Ella for their mother 's death and Dean was never a good brother .
tr	O	He had so much bitterness about that day but if he really thought back to it that 's what shaped him into the man he was now .
tr	O	I 've never seen a BBC news anchor cry on air before , but they did , both of them .
tr	I	He departed and I nodded .
tr	I	She has been through enough and she 's not a fighter .
tr	I	She never would have called them back in or Sylvia must have figured that out .
tr	O	I nodded to answer and he tilted his head toward the register .
tr	I	That 's okay , but Time slips by .
tr	O	It 's kind of an all day thing and I really didn 't want to go alone .
tr	O	The fights were always tumultuous and the love was blindingly consuming .
tr	I	He couldn 't tell her the truth right now , but he didn 't want to make up any more lies .
tr	I	His chest rose sharply , and he jerked under my touch .
tr	O	Some of it was way over her head , but some of it was right on target .
tr	I	I 'd back away , but it would be hard .
tr	I	I watched as he punched in a series of numbers , and she willingly handed her phone to the no-name football player .
tr	I	My teeth banged the one against the others and my mouth the air , the jaw went off to empty .
tr	I	We were about to leave without him and I 'd forgotten about the dog in my frenzy .
tr	O	He was shouting something at me , but the roar of the wind tore the sound apart .
tr	O	The pressure closes in on my chest , and I realize that I don 't want to die .
tr	I	The price tag was steep , but NET was satisfied that the facial features could be adjusted infinitely .
tr	O	Her daughter was only a few hours old , and yet Elena already loved her beyond words , had loved her even before she was born .
tr	I	My legs are numb and June is slumped across me with her head on my lap .
tr	O	Most are servants of greater lords , yet these lords keep themselves hidden .
tr	I	He expected to suffer now and he suffered .
tr	O	I strained to see , but the snow distorted everything .
tr	O	My body floats , and I let it .
tr	I	Finally we broke apart and he slowed the kiss .
tr	I	I found my pocket , and finally it was free .
tr	I	The reaction went far beyond his wildest expectations , but Dak had expected the philosopher to be troubled .
tr	I	She failed miserably , but she wore something that was supposed to look like a goddess dress .
tr	O	The area wasn 't large from a security standpoint , but it had its challenges .
tr	O	He wanted to reassure Angelica , but he had to stay focused .
tr	O	She 's gone , and we have agreed not to try too hard to find her .
tr	O	He remembered getting very angry and he ran toward the girls .
tr	I	We fol owed and Jared grabbed my sleeve .
tr	O	Zane 's smile fell and he took a step toward Ty .
tr	O	Her eyes met his and a long sigh slid from her throat .
tr	O	I put my hand over my mouth and I was sure my eyes were huge .
tr	O	Sitting on a bench overlooking the Pacific Ocean , he tried to brainstorm , but all his ideas led nowhere .
tr	O	If she had the strength , she might have hit him , but she was far too tired to make the effort .
tr	I	That didn 't stop the tears , but his father put a comforting arm around her shoulder .
tr	O	Warning bells were going off in her head , but she had to stay calm .
tr	O	She had the child in her arms , and she would be all right .
tr	I	Conor doubted whether he had ever seen a better human match for a bear , and he stood almost half a head taller than Tarik .
tr	O	She doubted he agreed , but he wasn 't arguing .
tr	I	It had only a phone number on the back and the name Miranda Cummings was scripted on the front in gold .
tr	I	He knew he didn 't want the boy 's pity , but the Captain hadn 't yet decided what to think of his brave little Monkey .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to challenge her , but I still didn 't understand her logic .
tr	O	Lucien 's gaze locked with mine but he didn 't speak .
tr	O	It was old , and rather seedy looking .
tr	O	Frank made a grab for the door lock , but his bloody fingers slipped on the chrome knob .
tr	I	She started the car and I said to Susan .
tr	O	It was vacant now , but I could imagine how crowded they could get when the refugees came down from the upper catacombs .
tr	I	Magnus saw the look Valentine gave Lucian , but Valentine clasped Lucian 's arm in return .
tr	I	The concern in the driver 's voice was evident , but she couldn 't see his face in the dark .
tr	I	I can count on Drew , but I can 't trust Cale .
tr	O	With every fiber of my being , I don 't want to do this , but I have no choice .
tr	I	It made her feel uncomfortable and he held Victoria 's waist .
tr	O	There , if nowhere else , I had the right of it and the gods were in the wrong .
tr	O	Anticipation tightened his muscles , but he deliberately resisted it .
tr	O	I loved his company , but he had to have other things to do so I didn 't want to keep him any longer .
tr	O	I arch my body into him , pressing my chest against his , and my nipples tingle .
tr	O	Pink flushed her neck , tinted her cheeks , and my name rolled from her lips .
tr	I	It was still cute , but he hadn 't found anything that worked yet .
tr	O	Not that she would use them on him , but maybe they would have deterred him .
tr	I	I was never more grateful for the night sky and my cheeks flushed red .
tr	O	He did not want her pulling away from him , and there was something in her stillness that worried him .
tr	O	He 's supposed to have the answers and he doesn 't know what to do .
tr	I	His wife didn 't bother responding to him and he knew it was a waste of breath .
tr	I	She had never done it , but she knew it was possible .
tr	I	Tears are clouding my vision and I open my eyes again .
tr	I	After landing the punch on Luisa 's head , Luisa hit back with a right hook to Lea 's head , and Lea threw a left hook .
tr	O	The buildings we passed looked ancient , but I didn 't look hard enough to figure out why .
tr	I	This will be good practice for you , and you 're a Keeper now .
tr	O	He stood in profile so that he faced me from the side , and one large , pale eye peered down at me from a narrow face .
tr	I	June 's howls got louder and heavy thuds landed on it .
tr	O	I had a few friends , but I still felt alone .
tr	O	It was Cam and he was grinning .
tr	O	The war was not over , but this battle went to Egwene .
tr	I	To him , it reeked of evil , but well , she didn 't actually smell bad .
tr	O	She enters the second room on the right and I smirk .
tr	O	Tyson has asked me out a few times , but I always decline .
tr	I	A smile flickers across her face , and the old woman lights her candle .
tr	I	This is luxury , but I already know that he is rich .
tr	O	I was somewhat mollified , but I sure as hell was going to listen to this conversation closely now .
tr	I	He would happily know more about her and she still had some questions for him .
tr	I	The snow sucked his legs down , but he rolled , then tried to get to his feet .
tr	I	I 'm stopping it , and I hated this feeling .
tr	I	She was sweating , but it was cold outside , yeah .
tr	I	It 's just physiological , a sexual reaction , but my body might respond to a gorgeous man .
tr	I	We both knew it and we shared something special .
tr	O	His father was on the lam and everyone was well aware that the expiration date on Vincent DeMarco 's life had already passed .
tr	I	I hated that even angry , his touch made my knees weak , and his hand touched my elbow .
tr	O	He shared these nerves with his next laughter , and silence hung comfortably in the air .
tr	O	He knew well that this book was dangerous to have , but he had to show Clint .
tr	O	She exhaled a long breath , and some of the starch left her shoulders .
tr	I	L.A. traffic was everything everyone had always said it would be , and it was a long , long drive .
tr	I	Her pulse quickened and her mouth dried .
tr	O	She 'd get part of an idea in her head but getting the words completely through her mouth took effort .
tr	I	I heard a door shut and the nurse was apparently satisfied .
tr	I	A real New Yorker he would say , but Larry could be a real pain at times , not all the time .
tr	I	The sporadic nature of the shooting implied to me they were in small scattered groups , but the surviving rebels were putting up some kind of fight .
tr	I	He frowns and his smile falters a bit .
tr	I	They all waited expectantly and Bernhardt stopped the picture .
tr	I	Any information could be important , but I did not expect to hear much , since Blake had not bothered to post a guard outside the door .
tr	O	It turned and we ascended another staircase .
tr	O	It was a beautiful sight , that wisteria , and I spent several hours analyzing it during my visits .
tr	O	She moved her hips and he held her still .
tr	I	Kylie was totally caught off guard when her thoughts went from kissing Derek to kissing Lucas , and socks leapt up on the mattress .
tr	I	The minute I found out Candace was carrying my baby I wanted the world to know , but I spent years avoiding getting a girl pregnant .
tr	O	Mud might not be my thing , but I was doing this to be popular .
tr	O	It was just a small , almost innocent move , but his confidence overpowered me .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure if they had heard him , but he was definitely sure they could see him .
tr	O	Kendall tried to argue , but Cutter cut him off .
tr	O	They 'd met him a number of times now but Lane still didn 't trust Mark .
tr	I	I had a hunch , but nothing had changed there .
tr	O	My legs were still spread , and he was still fully dressed .
tr	I	Her mother stopped her , but she started to get up .
tr	I	This is the VERY first time he talked to me yet we 've been classmates since middle school .
tr	I	I threw my phone on the bed and we hung up .
tr	I	She still felt unsteady on her feet as she made her way through the ship , but the headache had eased somewhat .
tr	I	The only changes that seem to happen are the kind that makes things worse , but I do too .
tr	O	He eyed me uncertain and I looked back at him .
tr	O	He realized with surprise that the light was waning outside , and yet no one had summoned him to the dining hall .
tr	O	You had to devote a whole day to get a week 's work of pills , and that was time better spent elsewhere .
tr	I	He sat down , and Jase walked to a secluded end of the park , where there were rows of empty park benches facing the river .
tr	I	Amy was curled up on the recliner , a book in her hand and Zac was stretched out across the length of the couch .
tr	I	She noticed that there was still that smug amusement on his face , but she couldn 't see his eyes because of the sunglasses that hid them .
tr	I	I felt like maybe Jason was right , but I wasn 't one hundred percent sure .
tr	O	In principle , Colin agreed that the posturing was ridiculous , but those who ignored the unwritten rules often found themselves outmaneuvered .
tr	O	She looked asleep but she wasn 't breathing .
tr	O	It 's a shame that the reservation can use peyote legally , yet outside the reservation it would be deemed illegal .
tr	I	He was missing better than a quarter of them , and every photograph would have a specific purpose for his lecture .
tr	O	A trickle of stale , lukewarm water was poured into his mouth and he swallowed gratefully .
tr	I	I don 't care about the agency and the agency doesn 't care about me .
tr	O	A short while later , her bedroom door opened again and she walked out .
tr	I	She didn 't resist and he then pulled her in for a hug .
tr	O	I sputter , and then my legs refuse to go any further .
tr	I	The poor girl was seven months pregnant and Myra didn 't so much as squeak .
tr	I	He turns off the engine , but I open the car door .
tr	I	I always enjoy my time with you , and you are a delight , Miss Kincaid .
tr	O	None had printed anything negative about Edwin , but that was only because they didn 't want to fall foul of the Press Complaints Commission .
tr	O	Offering him access to the treasury was a little bit extreme she supposed , but she had to get him out of the room quickly .
tr	O	Keep playing along , or you 're next .
tr	I	It was still hard to pinpoint a location , but the sounds of nearing footsteps were becoming evident .
tr	I	Her face was completely passive but she looked up at him .
tr	I	You will do almost anything to get it , and you want this story badly .
tr	I	He smirked as he shook his head and his hands rose up to his hips .
tr	I	Her eyes were too heavy , but she started to protest .
tr	O	Better make sure she finds out tonight , and she underlines the word tonight on her yellow pad .
tr	I	Tears streamed endlessly down her cheeks and it was hard to talk when her smile was so big .
tr	I	I stood there wanting to hug him and the man was bitching me out .
tr	O	He doesn 't say anything and I stare at the photos in the book , pictures of beautiful creatures feeding on humans .
tr	I	Now she finally saw them for what they were , and her parents had a huge hold over her decisions .
tr	O	The unrest , the sense of urgency in her grew , but she felt as if she had a home for the first time in her life .
tr	O	She had a salad and she ate without any gusto .
tr	O	He saw himself as powerless , and that was that .
tr	I	The footmen came to clear them , and the dessert plates were now empty .
tr	I	She considered the fact that he 'd burdened Grace with this loan unforgivable but her opinion of Grace 's dead husband had never been high .
tr	O	He kept his eyes on the screen , but a corner of his mouth perked up .
tr	O	Mordecai , on his side , had his visions of a disciple , and I corresponded with the image his longing had created .
tr	I	He gave a low chuckle as he did , and suddenly Jimmy Field appeared at Patrick 's side .
tr	O	He 'd retired to his rooms soon after his arrival the day before , and she hadn 't seen much of him .
tr	I	There were ink pots all over the place , and there were displays of different kinds of quills .
tr	O	They came out yet again , but when they came out this time there were four cars that came out on the call .
tr	O	He 'd force her to stop and she felt that she didn 't dare stop now .
tr	O	The cops told me it was an accidental death but it wasn 't .
tr	O	Tall bushes grew on either side of the lane that led to the hideout , and the place was known to no one outside the organization .
tr	O	I had only known Noah for a week , but I already loved him like a brother .
tr	I	The creature stood firm , raising one paw as if to fend Reuben off , a weak defensive gesture , but again , Reuben advanced .
tr	O	He was deliberately giving me the cold shoulder , and I hated it .
tr	O	I threw up wall after wall to stop him , but he plowed through them like I 'd constructed them from dust .
tr	O	He pulls a locking rod up from the ground on the other half of the door and it swings open with a moan .
tr	I	Women today needed to learn their place , and they must be brought low .
tr	O	It was actually quite good , but it tasted like ginger ale !
tr	I	He disappeared into the night and I handed him the gun .
tr	O	I should have had this conversation with you before I left , but to be honest , I was a coward .
tr	I	She 'd never flinched , never once made a mistake and eight years of her life had been spent in torture .
tr	I	That was a hell of a lot scarier than Miranda , no matter how crazy she might be , and they were all holding knives .
tr	O	She was as beautiful as he remembered and even though it had been only three days since he last saw her , it felt like an eternity .
tr	I	Her private disdain was a little easier to bear and she was pretty good at hiding her disapproval in public .
tr	O	It wasn 't much of a lead , but it was the only one she had .
tr	O	He wasn 't twenty-one anymore and life didn 't revolve around sex , no matter how great it was .
tr	O	An insane compulsion to giggle washes over me , but I manage to subdue it to a smile .
tr	I	They did what we do and they instinctively felt a threat approaching .
tr	I	Now they left our cage alone , but the soldiers kept searching the camp .
tr	I	She scowled and her eyes alighted on the plants around us .
tr	O	I thought it was her , but I don 't think it is .
tr	I	Her baked goods were out of this world , but maybe Gran 's coffee wasn 't anything special .
tr	O	They cut the air like a scalpel and we hung on every word .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure what , but he would have tried .
tr	O	I didn 't ask because the moment was magical , and it just wasn 't the right thing to say .
tr	I	Moments later the bell rang , and Coach Morris struggled with Weston all the way out of the classroom .
tr	O	Southland dragons were made of fire and their scales were an added protection .
tr	O	My father 's phone receives a text message , and I hear him pull it from his pocket .
tr	I	Her attention has already turned back to Reagan , but I open my mouth to thank her .
tr	O	The bags he brought home are still on his floor , but there 's no sign of him .
tr	O	Maybe it was coded in some way and that was why she couldn 't find it by scanning .
tr	O	Her skin was hot satin , her sheath , living silk , and he wanted to know every inch of her .
tr	O	At first , I stumble a little with the tablet , but then I find that it 's much like using a computer .
tr	O	He has a stranglehold over the world , and we cannot do anything about it .
tr	O	He certainly wasn 't prepared to call it quits , and he didn 't think Rachel wanted that , either .
tr	O	She almost rushed in to comfort him , but she recalled how he 'd frozen in the kitchen when she 'd hugged him .
tr	O	I couldn 't remember , but it was too late for a shave .
tr	I	You 're wrong , but I know you both must think that this is especially hard for me .
tr	I	I knew what monster lurked just beneath the surface , but her delicate , childlike features were clear of boils .
tr	O	Tristan was out of line and I called him on it .
tr	I	My junior year seemed endless , yet so far I 'd made it through almost three years of high school .
tr	O	I shake him , but he 's unconscious .
tr	O	Anne breathed a sigh of relief , and turning her head slightly , she saw him sitting beside her on the bed .
tr	I	People began to arrive , and the doors swung open .
tr	I	It made his own heart ache for her , and he could sense a deep sadness inside her .
tr	I	Panic started to take me , and her image started to swim .
tr	O	Neither of us pick dare , but we always ask .
tr	I	She probably would 've gotten them in an accident , but she 'd wanted to offer her own driving services .
tr	I	I wasn 't feeling it , but I generally dressed up more for class .
tr	I	It was enough to send a chill down Ryan 's spine , but the stranger chuckled ever so slightly at the question .
tr	I	You have been asked to take care of me and it arouses your maternal instincts .
tr	O	My hand forms a fist , and I raise it up to show him my utter dislike for his unwelcomed advances .
tr	I	He turned it effortlessly and the key slid in .
tr	I	His expression would have made Brady laugh aloud if he hadn 't felt numb and his eyes were wide .
tr	I	Other than the patrolling Guards , I hadn 't seen a student yet , but the University really was its own city .
tr	I	It tasted so good I hadn 't slowed down , but I hadn 't meant to drink it so fast .
tr	I	She had kind of imagined her parents as always being together , but it was ridiculous .
tr	O	A call from between our houses , and his arm drops like an anchor .
tr	I	Julian didn 't acknowledge it , but a ripple of applause spread across the huge lawn .
tr	I	She undid my pants and I lifted her skirt .
tr	I	Here we are , ready to prove ourselves right , and we shared kisses that afternoon that testified that we would make it someday .
tr	O	She waited until Callista returned to her own room , and then a little longer just in case she was not yet asleep .
tr	O	Manufacturing was our past and it 's our future .
tr	O	She always looked beautiful , but tonight she looked amazing .
tr	I	She suspected there was a note of seriousness underscoring the words as well , but the statement was made in a jesting tone .
tr	O	He handed me the bags and I gave him the money .
tr	O	He had said this last part out loud and I looked her way .
tr	O	I watched him slumber , thinking he looked much like a dog sleeping on a chain in a gutter , and I got out of bed .
tr	O	Ithaca was too windy to try the same thing , its rooftops too exposed to storms , but he had to like the ingenuity .
tr	I	The rest of him didn 't give a shit , but part of him knew tricking her was wrong .
tr	I	Now you 're up giving me shit , but just a few minutes ago you were flopping on the bathroom floor .
tr	O	Sure the space was small , but it was a nice spot .
tr	I	He saw the dead man squashed on the road and he did not need an answer as they continued back .
tr	I	I caught the punch in the side of my cheek and unfortunately my face ended up where Sean 's had been .
tr	I	The birds began to sing , and the sky was beginning to show light in the east .
tr	O	A lot of people had died and some had claimed to have gotten strange powers while others claimed mental hallucinations .
tr	I	The lights are on at the front of the house , and it 's dark outside .
tr	I	Yet this family was together just because , and it was no particular holiday .
tr	O	He 'd never experienced anything like it and yet it felt familiar somehow .
tr	I	The tangles it left behind did not , but Jack washing my hair had felt spectacular .
tr	O	There was so much about Sam that she loved , but there were a few things she couldn 't tolerate .
tr	O	Her jaw dropped and her heart sank .
tr	I	Eventually I could see inside the walls , but it took a few minutes of concentration .
tr	I	He wanted to go on kissing her , her mouth hot , but Jace released her from the kiss .
tr	O	The conversations with Vann were always very formal and business like .
tr	I	She had already rejoined her group but I called out to her .
tr	O	She had been so close to a lead - and she had lost it !
tr	O	It had been five days since Declan and Little Kenny rescued me .
tr	O	That gave me six hours , and the further that time progressed , the better shape I 'd be in .
tr	I	It was dangerous , and this was real .
tr	O	I hadn 't had a High Demon lover for twenty-five years and I 'd forgotten that until the moment we came into contact .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure if they were really considered zombies , but they were definitely something out of a horror movie .
tr	O	The sun came up and I continued to drive .
tr	O	Silk motioned Javelin aside , and the two of them spoke together briefly .
tr	O	She pulled out a couple of bent paperclips , and I raised my eyebrows .
tr	I	My mind shoots into overdrive and I can feel the heat .
tr	I	I 'm flung against the door , and the cage gripes , slanting forward .
tr	I	I can tell by the way they avoid my gaze that this is true , but the boys laugh at him .
tr	O	It was a slow process , but goods were being shipped around the twenty states to keep people supplied with the basics .
tr	O	Bumble sprayed some air freshener around , and the darkness dissipated .
tr	I	He also said that he wouldn 't hurt me and he said that he doesn 't feed on humans .
tr	O	Billy fell asleep and I went back there to see if I could find something to cover him up with .
tr	O	Sure , she gives us a task , but once everyone has finished turning in their books , they just start talking .
tr	O	Flashes captured every moment of my daily routine , and I never stopped to think about what it would be like to be thrown into this world .
tr	I	I was already getting more life from him than I 'd expected , and we 'd only just started .
tr	O	Nobody has ever reported having this same reaction and Lisa is convinced the device itself is making the experience as uncomfortable as possible .
tr	I	That 's where Jeff had found the cannonball and they had gone diving in the little inlet .
tr	O	I want to believe that everything is going to be okay , but it 's hard when it all just keeps going so wrong .
tr	I	I supposed that was the intension , and he affected an innocent look that made me furious .
tr	I	I head down stairs and something occurs to me .
tr	I	Princess shifted restlessly when I sat in the saddle , and I did what he said .
tr	I	He was not very skilled , and his name was Henrique .
tr	O	We have to take turns doing your tasks , but it 's only botany ( not real science ) so it 's easy .
tr	I	He didn 't move until she 'd driven away and he stepped back as she got in her car .
tr	I	In time she sat up but her lips defiantly pressed his .
tr	I	He still had a touch of the Hale arrogance , but he might have insecurities at times .
tr	O	His grandson showed his teeth and this only pinched Abraham harder .
tr	O	I really enjoyed our time together , and I 'm so sorry it ended too soon .
tr	O	This would take a while , and I wouldn 't have to think too hard .
tr	O	The study door was open and the lights were on .
tr	I	She slips her hand from mine and her expression falls .
tr	O	It contained a check for severance pay , and a short letter telling him in essence the he was fired .
tr	I	Grant had sworn all that was behind him , but there had been other women in the past .
tr	I	Else this would have been for naught or I couldn 't afford her being spooked .
tr	I	He 'd take it , but Sunday seemed way too far away .
tr	I	He thought she might cry and her voice caught for a second .
tr	O	She didn 't give a shit about me , and I have to live every day knowing it .
tr	I	I have to , but I 'm gambling , a bigger gamble than any I 've ever taken .
tr	I	I was on him , but he tried to kick .
tr	I	She didn 't seem afraid , but Hazel jogged to the vestibule .
tr	O	Their campers came from the streets and they would go back to the streets .
tr	I	I try to force it into Wes , which results in a turnover , but I know I 'm supposed to shoot the ball .
tr	I	Ryan Hendricks had a big one and most actors have an entourage .
tr	I	His mouth was dry but Jared started to reply .
tr	O	I don 't want to give away that we are clueless about this , but I struggle to find an answer for Robin .
tr	I	Frankly , we all have our hands full here , and I have no idea where to look for her .
tr	I	She sensed him searching for a way to explain and he didn 't respond immediately .
tr	O	Sadie started barking and I told her to quiet .
tr	O	My fingers grew numb in the cold , and I shoved my hands in my pockets .
tr	O	I hear one of the guy whistles and her head comes up , spotting me .
tr	I	It gave them enough time to get out , but she merely stunned it .
tr	O	I had my suspicions when I was at Vincent , and I 've been proven right .
tr	O	Each of us suffer our burdens , and those are stones we carry until we are dead .
tr	O	My fingers found flesh to tear , and strong hands held my wrist tight .
tr	I	They seem to be able to forge material objects if they know the molecular structure , but I have no idea how they do it .
tr	O	Teddy might be headstrong , but he was also generous .
tr	I	Her mouth dropped open as she watched him and the heat in his eyes was shocking .
tr	O	Her legs were sore , but they 'd grown stronger with the miles .
tr	O	It always ends up with many people being killed on both sides and nine times out of ten the problems are not solved .
tr	O	Regrettably , I did make the appointment , but the idea of giving up a baby was just too much for me to handle .
tr	I	I glanced towards them , horrified at the group of photographers clicking away and bright camera flashes suddenly burned my eyeballs .
tr	I	Something told me Patch had been making the best of risky decisions his entire existence , but it wasn 't the best position to be in .
tr	I	None of them wanted me around and she had a different boyfriend every month .
tr	O	My pussy was already wonderfully slick and the smooth rubber slid in easily .
tr	I	He knew they were out there , but he saw no signs of demons .
tr	O	They entered , and their leader addressed me .
tr	I	It gets in the way , and it attracts too much attention .
tr	I	Thinking back it 's hard to decipher what I was truly feeling and my head was in too weird a place at the time .
tr	O	Aunt Petal would be so disappointed in him , but he supposed Granddad would have been encouraged .
tr	O	Okay , so it ´ s not a legend and it ´ s not a fairytale .
tr	O	Quickly she wiped it away , and then the carriage stopped .
tr	O	It looks like muddy water And tastes like turpentine .
tr	O	Justice had been served , albeit in a primitive fashion , and he 'd certainly not damaged himself in Chloe 's eyes .
tr	I	He 'd seen much friendlier ones too , but Durr Cable had seen worse juries .
tr	O	She tugged on her arm , but he wouldn 't release her .
tr	O	Fat Charlie told her that he 'd let Grahame Coats know that her bank manager was a bit concerned , and he put down the phone .
tr	O	Paris appeared to have a ready response , but they all grew silent when Butch interrupted .
tr	O	Sarah 's heart pounded and her palms began to sweat .
tr	O	The door buzzed and Elizabeth stood to check the receiver .
tr	I	He was sure of what was in his past , but the rest of his life might be a mess .
tr	I	It was quiet inside , but the door was open .
tr	O	Jay chuckled as he steadied me , but I forgot my brother even existed .
tr	I	She suspected that her green eyes mirrored her inner terror but she tried to hide her anxiety in front of Jim .
tr	O	I 'm supposed to write my name , but I don 't know what my name is .
tr	I	I know you love Mandy , and I love you so much .
tr	I	He would accept without protest , and the Deity would penalize him , of course .
tr	I	His hard-on responded , but she might not realize she was rubbing against him .
tr	O	He opened his eyes , and the shadow was gone .
tr	O	More gunshots fire into the room and I sense the plan falling apart .
tr	I	Her eyes were good-humored but her voice was hard .
tr	O	Charleston was called the Holy City , and it was obvious when you drove around how it got its nickname .
tr	O	He still had a gun , and he had a getaway car .
tr	O	We hope that we will not have to assist you again in the future , but please keep us in mind for referrals .
tr	I	Masons bought up porphyry just as eagerly , and Farmers were buying grain for winter planting before prices rose .
tr	O	I 'm agnostic and you 're insane .
tr	O	The warmth of his palm was soothing , yet it sent a disconcerting electric shock down my spine .
tr	O	Iris 's soft voice brought me crashing back down into myself , and I turned to her .
tr	I	She doubted she 'd like it if she knew , but Jackie wasn 't sure what they were up to .
tr	I	I didn 't know what it was , but it felt like I did something wrong .
tr	I	I can get you home to your family , and if you need help , stick with me .
tr	O	Macon was sweet at heart , but he tended to take things a step too far .
tr	O	One of Mikhail 's brothers turned , and when justice sought him , he tried , like any other vampire , to destroy everyone .
tr	O	Emmett 's laughter stopped at once , and he studied me with appraising eyes .
tr	I	Eric gave him an answering growl , and Graham growled low in his throat .
tr	O	She needed someone , and she had fled to him .
tr	O	Prudence is not here , and he 's dying inside .
tr	I	She saw a green Honda a short distance away and he pointed .
tr	O	His eyes flash before he looks away and I realize he 's more embarrassed than anything else .
tr	I	It hurt all the same but his words invoking a memory that made my stomach pitch in a way that wasn 't sickening .
tr	O	She didn 't know but she doubted it .
tr	O	Boys were boys , and four boys were too many for one ranch .
tr	O	I know you 're tired , but something else happened tonight .
tr	I	Then he lifted his hand , but she wanted to refuse him .
tr	O	I know it hurts , and I think you 've been pretty brave .
tr	I	You deserve a supper for the story all the same , but you may be making it all up , of course .
tr	O	The sideways ones are one thing , but bare pages to the front make my teeth hurt .
tr	I	She also liked not living in the same town but she loved her family .
tr	I	She was already feeling smothered by his presence , but Arik started to offer to go with her .
tr	I	It was too late , but White light suffused my hand as I snapped a current toward the front seat .
tr	O	The room hushed , and everyone tried to find somewhere else to look .
tr	I	After a hesitation , Sam did pick those up , and her gaze slid to the keys next to it .
tr	O	Stephan gave him a look , and Javier winced at me sympathetically .
tr	I	There was no way Saber could confirm a connection to Whitney and she wasn 't enhanced .
tr	I	The flirty Jess was back , and a small smile touched her lips .
tr	O	Adam turned his charming smile on Autumn and she caught a glimpse of the playful man from the boat .
tr	I	He stops me with a firm finger on my chin , but I start to turn my head away .
tr	I	The two of them run the store now and he asked Amy to marry him .
tr	O	Elizabeth hadn 't been drunk , but the rest of the toxicology reports wouldn 't be in until later .
tr	I	Something was missing , but I 'd found the peace I longed for .
tr	O	She 'd made college so damned important , and he wanted her love as much as he needed Mia .
tr	O	His legs crumpled , and I shot him twice in the head as I stepped over him .
tr	O	Gagged , and with her hands firmly tied behind her back , there was nothing she could do .
tr	O	She meant to get up , but she couldn 't seem to move .
tr	O	Zeus ' eyebrows raised and he bowed .
tr	I	Everything went white and he threw the ball of light at us .
tr	I	We walked down the hallway at a slower pace than everyone around us , and Jack fell into step beside me .
tr	I	My back is tight , and my legs are achy .
tr	I	I 'll call her mom and give me Sierra 's number .
tr	I	I didn 't have to make it easy on him , but if he wanted to ignore the desire between us , I would let him .
tr	I	He threaded their fingers together , and Brady 's hand found hers .
tr	I	He was thin ... almost bony and he couldn 't have been more than five foot seven .
tr	O	One hand immediately went to the small of her back , but she took it away to give her notorious mother a hug .
tr	I	Then there 's utterly dumb , and girlfriend , there 's nice .
tr	O	No sound came from inside the house , and no lights flickered on .
tr	I	We both knew better , but she almost sounded convincing .
tr	O	I hate that I watch it , but I can 't help it .
tr	I	You certainly don 't want that and that gives them power over you .
tr	O	He passes Serena , and she shifts from one foot to another , refusing to meet his gaze .
tr	I	I don 't want to move , and I 'm quite happy with where I am , doing what I 'm doing .
tr	O	She glanced at his face and her heart skipped a beat .
tr	O	The dinosaur had trouble when Leander Jack changed streets , but in the end four legs will always run down two .
tr	I	She didn 't want to think about that , but Christmas Day was another matter .
tr	I	Her look could have killed him , but he expected her to be relieved .
tr	O	That is not what you willed , but your will has made it possible .
tr	I	I wanted to tell it to Lily , the girl I barely knew , and it was a funny story .
tr	O	I went to stand , but Grace grabbed my arm .
tr	I	The cool air lingers on my skin , and the soft wind pats against my face .
tr	O	Dec wanted to go , but Killian decided to send him off on a mission of some kind .
tr	O	He studied her , and she couldn 't tell what he was thinking .
tr	I	She didn 't look too concerned with me , but her eyebrows were pulled together .
tr	I	Praying for aim , I propelled it , and I grabbed the stake she 'd thrown .
tr	I	We went inside so that he could use the bathroom and I found a fast-food place that was still open .
tr	I	The woman survived , but the daughter died .
tr	O	He 'd never spoken to her and she hadn 't spoken to him .
tr	I	He cried out in pain as the bones knitted back into shape and the shoulder began to glow .
tr	I	She came to my side , baring her fangs at them , and I beckoned to the wolf .
tr	I	The effort at self-protection came too late but she wrapped her arms around her waist .
tr	I	My friend tried to absorb her new reality without passing out , and we continued to dance .
tr	I	Then I 'd leave him , and yes , I 'd let him have a taste of me , of heaven .
tr	I	We turned to look at him and all of the other conversations stopped .
tr	O	It was the thing she couldn 't have , and the search had taken everything .
tr	O	They fell to talking of their times together , of course , and Bilbo asked how things were going in the lands of the Mountain .
tr	O	I looked at Anita and she nodded her head .
tr	I	As the name implies , the guy was a real whacko , but I 'm sorry I don 't remember his last name .
tr	I	It led you to victory , and you had faith in yourself .
tr	I	We were all looking for something and we all had our own story .
tr	O	I had to let him know I was good with that , but I wasn 't his doormat either .
tr	O	I didn 't mean for it to sound so territorial , but there it was .
tr	I	Tiger would have something to say to them or the word had got around the school that no one was supposed to talk to her .
tr	O	Raphael jumped to it and Sebastian took Benny away .
tr	O	An actual escape was impossible , but when my eyes finally came to rest on my laptop I decided a virtual escape would have to do .
tr	O	I don 't enjoy killing , but I 'm used to it .
tr	O	I was observant , though , and I taught myself .
tr	O	I know Jared said no , but Vincent said he would check .
tr	I	There was nothing I could grasp on to , but I had to have one .
tr	I	I kept my thoughts to myself and Lucky looked at me in earnest .
tr	I	She felt irrationally angry , and his words triggered a memory in the back of her mind .
tr	I	Then a calmness seemed to settle on her as she heard Betty , and she again drew a bead on the chest of the attacking soldier .
tr	O	Water were in my eyes but I didn 't much care .
tr	I	We can be a real handful , and give one of us time to catch our breath .
tr	I	I think I hear footsteps rattling across the steel gangway that connects the cells , but it 's hard to tell over the increasing sounds of battle .
tr	O	The soldier loosened his grip , and Rema broke free .
tr	I	She 'd been with the council before I 'd gotten there , but she seemed to be taking it better now .
tr	I	I thought I was going insane and I panicked the first few times .
tr	I	He moans as his hand slides up my spine , bare skin against bare skin and his hands feel every part of me .
tr	I	I was worried about myself , and I was worried about my sister .
tr	O	Monkeys screamed above and Angelina glanced up , seeing only the moving branches .
tr	I	Ben failed to get the message , but Carl then proceeded to roll over .
tr	O	Tight bands constricted around my chest , and my heart was pounding so hard , I was afraid it would explode .
tr	I	Shawn suggested they go home , and everyone was silent a moment .
tr	O	Gerry glanced down , and I hoped he really was feeling a little ashamed .
tr	O	These women not only lacked sense , but they were too weird for words .
tr	O	First Shane going over the edge , and you said you 'd call !
tr	I	I was fairly certain every beat made my bones shake , and it was buzzing in my chest .
tr	O	It could but it would make no difference .
tr	I	I responded , but I knew I would regret it later .
tr	O	The bailiff leaned forward slightly and Dan guessed that Annie was generously sharing one of her precious peppermint drops .
tr	I	The fireworks had ended and the crowds were gone .
tr	I	The farmer struggled a bit and his fighters laughed .
tr	I	An idea came to him and he watched the battle raging .
tr	O	He tried to put into words how he 'd felt yesterday , but as always , this kind of honesty was difficult .
tr	I	It was entirely possible his windpipe had been crushed , and there were bruises on his throat that were already darkening .
tr	O	It had once been a walled town guarded by four gates , and much of the old stonework still stood the test of time .
tr	I	Alicia wasn 't the kind of woman to leave without taking with her what she lusted for , and she had a way of doing that .
tr	I	Business in Middle Plantation came to a standstill and Shops closed .
tr	O	She didn 't open her eyes to look at him , yet he felt her inside him , deep where it mattered .
tr	O	I trusted his words and I don 't know why though .
tr	O	The rental insurance had kicked in and the new furniture had arrived .
tr	I	Amber couldn 't read it , but something dark hovered over the man .
tr	O	Victoria was in the family room and her eyes widened in surprise when Laci entered .
tr	I	It certainly looked compromising , but I didn 't know what they were doing .
tr	O	I wonder if we can really trust her , and I wonder what all that machinery she carries around can really do .
tr	I	I still couldn 't place it , but it sounded vaguely familiar .
tr	I	I couldn 't let it , but my back wanted to arch .
tr	O	The men fanned out and one threw the flame onto a thatch roof .
tr	O	His cool fingers moved against her warm hair roots , and she felt a trembling thrill .
tr	O	Her breath had stopped , but she hadn 't noticed .
tr	I	She saw she was right in assuming small photos could be placed inside , and it opened with a click .
tr	O	He lost all trace of amusement , and his eyes darkened hungrily .
tr	I	Now he was expecting to sleep in her room , and she hadn 't even told anyone in her family about him ?
tr	I	White stubble textured his jaw , like a sprinkling of fresh snow and his graying hair had receded with age .
tr	O	He glimpsed her querying eyes , and his face warmed with embarrassment .
tr	I	The kid just kept shaking his head but we found a couple stragglers out there .
tr	I	The smile didn 't quite reach his eyes but he smiled at both of them .
tr	O	Long minutes passed and she calmed down .
tr	I	The jeep swung around , and Diego hit the brakes .
tr	O	Chapter 4 The shuttle van business It is a Sunday afternoon and Adel has just finished his shift .
tr	O	The design was totally inked in black and Mia was scrolled above it .
tr	I	He was just about ready to slide inside me , and I had my back to Max .
tr	I	It seemed to be going well and they met up a few times .
tr	O	A fist flew at his head , and he simply bent his neck .
tr	I	The blood will flow and I know they 're about to make a comment on the boys ' cute outfits .
tr	I	She began to softly cry , and her smile beamed her happiness .
tr	O	Both pulled their respective goggles up over their helmets and the kiss was awkward .
tr	O	I 'd hoped you 'd moved past this , but it 's become clear you need an answer .
tr	I	Emma was clearly delighted by the farm animals , and the three of them were over by the barn looking at the pigs .
tr	O	You know I 'm ruthless when it comes to getting my stories , but there are some things I would never do .
tr	O	He 's a married man now , and that 's fairly important to businessmen .
tr	I	They hurried up the stairs and at last the door opened .
tr	O	The sun rises , rests , shines in his face and he almost smiles , almost can 't meet my eyes .
tr	I	He 'd been transformed by him , and he 'd sought out the vampire .
tr	I	Every time it was another punch in the gut , and she read his note a half-a-dozen times by then .
tr	I	Every stride moved him further from the immanent blast , but it was as if he were stuck in molasses .
tr	O	Lost ... and found .
tr	O	Mom 's going to kill me , but I don 't care .
tr	I	The trip to the store had taken longer than expected , but she was supposed to meet Ox at one of the many campsites .
tr	O	He could tell she was trying hard to be gentle with her words but he couldn 't bring himself to believe she 'd reject him so fast .
tr	I	That was a gift I gladly took , but we were given just one night away .
tr	O	Jasmine returned and the three of them talked easily about a number of topics , enjoying their dinner .
tr	O	Maybe I haven 't changed to Noah but I have changed .
tr	I	If I saw him without her during that time , I would arrest him again , and I told Stella I was releasing him into her custody .
tr	O	This was so hard for her to hear , and it was making me sick to tell her .
tr	I	I want to spend time with you too , but yes , I 'm spending time with him .
tr	I	It was perfunctory but Rome kissed him .
tr	I	Maybe it was just the tiredness , but he wasn 't usually so abrupt .
tr	O	In a moment the clouds may again cover the light , but it will be no less easy for you .
tr	O	She started to slide down my body , back to her feet , but I bent to pick her back up .
tr	I	The guards would see his signal and hoping the lightning flashes would stop .
tr	I	There was nothing to be done about it , but he had known going in that this phone call wouldn 't go well .
tr	I	Owen tightened his grip on my hand , and I grimaced again .
tr	O	A whistle blew at lunchtime , and she went to look for Jeff .
tr	I	I didn 't want to just leave you behind , but I 've been thinking about asking her about getting our own place .
tr	O	Nothing wrong with that , but I wish he would consider my feelings more .
tr	I	It isn 't the same as being with him , but I 've gone out with a couple of other guys during this trip .
tr	I	Her lights were on and he waited again until she was safely inside .
tr	O	Just as suddenly as the noise began , it stopped , and the debris settled down in a cloud of fine dust .
tr	O	It sounds like a really stupid explanation , but I can 't think of anything better .
tr	I	The closer his hand got to her , the less her arm hurt , but maybe it had been her imagination .
tr	O	To see what he was all about , but Avril wanted me to stay far away .
tr	O	He didn 't know what it was , but something told him that he needed to remember this man 's face .
tr	I	Shorty opened up the store and Abe walked him to his car .
tr	O	I liked being on top of him like this , and from the look on his face , he liked it too .
tr	O	I suppose I could blame my fatigue on being shot , but I think I am just getting old .
tr	I	Jack dropped with me , holding me , and I dropped to my knees .
tr	I	He had to admit to himself that she had a point and it was a spirited side of Paula he hadn 't seen .
tr	I	I was in danger of being stepped on , and seven horses were crammed into a trailer designed for six .
tr	O	Business was conducted here , but celebration was no stranger to the room we entered .
tr	O	Day didn 't move , but she could tell he was alert , ready for anything .
tr	O	His voice was a little too loud , an attempt at forced cheer , and it must have scared somebody who thought she was alone .
tr	O	She 's just found out her father doesn 't hate her , and now she has to give him up to a new sister .
tr	I	My eyes snapped back to Salina , but a pity the lawyer had gotten away .
tr	O	His sorry financial state was still a secret to the ton , and he intended to keep it that way .
tr	I	No magic gathers but she tries again to pull her will together .
tr	I	I assumed they weren 't used to being talked to like this and they were glaring now .
tr	O	Franklin was with him and they both hugged me .
tr	O	Resplendent golden armor covered their bodies , and all carried massive swords , as they walked among the sleeping people gently awakening them .
tr	O	We 'd been told to go straight to the clinic , and it wasn 't hard to find .
tr	O	I lifted my gaze , meeting his , and I saw the truth in his eyes .
tr	I	Something in her refrained , but her first reaction was to tell him to stuff it .
tr	I	I can 't swallow it down and there 's a snake in my throat .
tr	I	Rene rushed to protect his youngest , but Lissa tried to gather us up as quickly as she could .
tr	O	She 's my sister , and Allie really likes her .
tr	O	I thought he was going to cry , and I felt like it myself .
tr	I	The boy was not paying attention , his interest having been captured by something across the room , but the father reached for a second .
tr	O	I had no idea where things were going with Liv , but I knew where they were not headed with my secretary .
tr	I	It did give the entire room an added elegance , but the gold paint had flaked off in places .
tr	I	Thalia nodded , and he asked .
tr	O	His gaze focused on those lush , pale pink lips and he wished to hell she was sucking on something else .
tr	O	She 'd recognized the danger in him from the start , but somehow he 'd made those concerns vanish from her mind .
tr	I	Ms. Terwilliger held up her hands to cast , and the ooze moved toward the tent again .
tr	I	I 'm not crazy , but I know what you 're thinking .
tr	O	The rain was more of a downpour , but he was unfazed .
tr	I	His wife , behind the screen again , goes on and he falls silent .
tr	I	We didn 't answer him , but Ricky was still talking .
tr	O	The memory incensed her all over again , but she tried not to glare at him .
tr	I	No one liked me , and it was the first day of school .
tr	I	He graciously dropped the charges to all those who paid a hefty fine for their complicity , but the sanctions could be severe .
tr	O	Connie quickly walks over to a wall and the lights flash on .
tr	O	That was undoubtedly true given the respectful glances they shared , but Detective Jacobs clearly hadn 't made up his mind about me .
tr	O	I think of how levelheaded he always was , how calm and in control he remained at all times .
tr	I	She climbed up into the seat and Caroline looked at him in surprise as he opened the door .
tr	I	They continued growling menacingly , but the wolves quit howling .
tr	O	She pushed me in the chest , but it made no impact on me .
tr	I	She didn 't want that , but it was a sweet lie .
tr	O	We cover another block , and the sirens begin .
tr	O	Actually , I 'm positive I 've moved beyond that , but I 'm still not ready to say it to you .
tr	I	I 've lost any trace of my appetite , but our food has yet to arrive .
tr	I	One of muscular pillar men was blown up in a fantastic explosion , sending shards flying in all directions , and Duncan snapped his fingers .
tr	O	His black hair is buzzed short and a long , braided goatee dangles from his chin .
tr	I	The answers I owe you aren 't mine to give , but you have questions .
tr	I	Unsure of what to do , but I squinted my eyes , wanting to shut them .
tr	I	There was no real love there and my siblings never really kept in touch .
tr	O	Ali had deemed sledding dorky after sixth grade , though , and Emily had never found anyone else who wanted to go with her .
tr	I	I search for a source of his injury , and my first thought is that Realm is hurt .
tr	O	There are no ponds around , but there are many different kinds of currents that flow through where Earth is situated .
tr	I	None were familiar , but as I got closer I scanned faces out of a growing habit .
tr	O	We have toyed with the idea of using Sarin gas but containment of the gas within the tunnels would be impossible .
tr	I	She was surely thinking about it , but Samantha knew her daughter wasn 't stupid enough to attack her .
tr	I	They tried their best to make sure no one heard them , and I couldn 't understand a word .
tr	I	I hadn 't noticed and the sun had set .
tr	O	As she got better it got even harder to contain her but everyone considered this was a good sign so it was a small price to pay .
tr	O	I feel a flash of bitter heat pulse through me and I start speaking at her .
tr	I	I tucked the phone back into my purse , and the waitress arrived with our food just then .
tr	I	I leaned over the railing slightly , and he walked back inside .
tr	O	I gasped and she smiled a thin smile .
tr	I	There were few empty tables , and the dance floor was packed .
tr	I	I couldn 't hide my joy at the sight of his darkened eyes , but I tried to sound disturbed .
tr	I	It brought back a rush of memories and we had gone there regularly when we were dating .
tr	O	It was perfect now and the show was still months away .
tr	I	There 's always a thin sheen of it on your body even after you 've showered , and it gets in your nose , your eyes .
tr	I	The thing would have been too much risky , but we had also thought about a beautiful hammered in head .
tr	O	He deserved so much better than what I 'd given him , and in that moment , I wanted nothing more than for him to find it .
tr	O	It took twenty minutes for him to reach the Loop , but he didn 't stop there .
tr	I	It was snoring gently and its wings were spread out to catch the maximum warmth .
tr	I	Now , I failed at being a witch , and I failed at acting .
tr	I	One in particular comes towards me and all the Grays leave me .
tr	I	It was all he could do , but sometimes that wasn 't enough .
tr	O	He didn 't need it anyway , and the sooner he put space between them , the happier he 'd be .
tr	I	The next turn in the conversation ended any sense of mirth , but the thought nearly made him laugh .
tr	O	Mr. Coombes looks back sharply , and for a moment I wonder if I 'm about to get thrown out .
tr	O	He tried to find some hidden secret behind them , but every time he did so , he thought he may have a heart attack .
tr	O	He looked from face to face as he spoke that last line , but there was no question who she was .
tr	I	I followed and she turned .
tr	O	Tom screamed as the side window exploded , and the door handle jabbed into his side .
tr	I	He did not let on , but he felt a bit shaky .
tr	O	I haven 't been in that building in a long time and I 'm a different person now .
tr	I	She looks so sorry , and her face gets soft .
tr	I	He lunged at me and his hand burst into flames .
tr	I	None of the unmarried men of their village had courted her either and there had been no brothers to undertake this duty for his father .
tr	O	Her stepmom had sunk onto the bed with the same glazed expression , and in the chair , Alex had fallen asleep .
tr	O	It was two thirty on a Tuesday , a dead time at the mall , and no other customers passed us .
tr	O	The thing had been put up to catch any high footballs , and on windy days it would squeal like a banshee .
tr	I	The food was on the table and she looked up to see that the places had been set .
tr	O	I could tell her or I could stonewall her .
tr	O	Before I could respond , he threw a wooden stick to my direction , and it crashed on the grass .
tr	I	She dropped the weapon and the safety of her gun clicked into place .
tr	I	She shoves him , and jj punches Jordan in the shoulder .
tr	I	Some of the misery seemed to drain from her face , and after two more puffs Edith 's hands stopped shaking .
tr	O	He swam to the cliff and slung her over his shoulder .
tr	O	He had never been here before , but he could tell she lived here .
tr	O	I came to Seattle to interview for a job , and I found out this afternoon that I got it .
tr	I	I don 't feel the connection to them that I feel to Natasha , but people say hi to me .
tr	O	I was thinking about you one night and I looked up your kitchen 's website .
tr	I	I have to leave town immediately but I can 't explain right now .
tr	O	Push us too far , and we can be monsters .
tr	O	I laughed in my chest once and she leaned back to smile up at me sadly .
tr	I	They who were locked up in his hall knew his nights but he slid around like a stone face on the day .
tr	O	You can get yourself out of this trap and everything will be like it used to be .
tr	O	There was a bag of earth in the box , and he used it to fill each dish in turn .
tr	O	As Julian falls , the entire hall grows quiet and all the men step back .
tr	O	He laughs , but I just stare at him .
tr	O	Blood spilled to the ground , but Roberts didn 't seem to notice .
tr	O	Lili leaned in to whisper something in Gabby 's ear , and Gabby nodded .
tr	O	It was hardly ideal , but she had decided to take what she could get .
tr	O	We drove both cars back to Vista Azul , and I was pleased to see my timing was perfect .
tr	O	Her handgun bucked slightly in her hand but the bullet found the attacker 's foot .
tr	I	I knew better than to daydream while walking through this hazard , and my usual hunt for mushrooms had been stymied by the dense , natural carpet .
tr	O	The crowd of pencil pushers parted and the trio hastened to the carriage .
tr	O	Randolph didn 't particularly like any of the pastries they sold , but he did like piling them on the trays .
tr	I	She stays in his on weekends , and he stays in her dorm on weekdays .
tr	I	The other had damaged a tree without reporting it and it turned out that two detainees had committed theft .
tr	O	The twilight had turned to darkness outside , and the man with the Winchester on his shoulder paused for his eyes to adjust to the darkness .
tr	O	It 's gross , but at least she stops with her loaded comments about Ethan .
tr	O	The voice was high , reedy , and n came from behind us .
tr	O	The doorbell sounded and Ellie looked up in surprise from the phone in her hand .
tr	I	He can 't pull them free to see what 's happening with Don , who isn 't making any noise and Bill 's legs are pinned .
tr	I	I 'm thinking them over and you have all those images in your head .
tr	O	My pulse maintained its rapid pace and I clenched myself tight around him , my face screwing up as Will 's heavy breaths surrounded me .
tr	O	You worry about Allegra for not thinking enough , and you worry about Amelia for thinking too much .
tr	I	It was out there for him and Shane deserved so much better .
tr	O	The family money has dwindled over the years Evie , and we need some way of pulling in the pounds .
tr	O	I screwed other women , and I thought of you .
tr	O	I will stand here somewhere on the veranda and you will find me , if you can smell me .
tr	I	I don 't speak your language , and my skin is darker than yours .
tr	O	I 'll pay for his lawyer and we 'll sue you for harassment .
tr	O	I gave her another look , and she explained .
tr	O	I 'd make her do it , but she 'd just go around in dirty clothes .
tr	I	I stepped out of it and the elevator 's door opened .
tr	I	Maggie 's van wasn 't sitting in front of Amber 's house and that anxiety compounded when I turned on Blake 's street .
tr	O	He might not have been channeling Adrian exactly , but whatever Kiev was doing , it was working .
tr	O	Millions of people were financially ruined , and yet nothing came of it .
tr	I	She smiled , and it was Jeff .
tr	I	He continued a step before turning , his blue-gray eyes wide in alarm , and I jerked to a stop .
tr	I	He 'd known it was good-bye , and she 'd looked a little sad .
tr	I	I recognized the outline of AJ and I focused my vision !
tr	O	She gave birth a while ago and I realized I never sent flowers .
tr	I	She felt a sense of dread in her stomach , and Ellie was getting out as the police officer approached .
tr	I	In so many ways , she was her father 's daughter , but she might look like Sophie .
tr	I	Boxes were strewn everywhere , and they 'd been packing for hours .
tr	O	The emergency lights faded out and I was left in darkness .
tr	I	Her flush had deepened , and Desire was warm in her eyes .
tr	I	A murmur swept the chamber when she stepped onto the thick root of kelp , and Crista felt herself pulled to the edge of the pool .
tr	I	The light brown color reminded her of the sand after it had been washed over by a wave and his hair was short .
tr	O	A blast of blue light hit the giant insect , and it crashed into the window of a burning building .
tr	I	I heard him laughing behind me and I mumbled under my breath as I walked into the bathroom .
tr	I	He couldn 't hear me over the crowd , but I growled .
tr	I	She didn 't love him and she couldn 't meet him .
tr	I	Her relief was obvious and she seemed to believe this .
tr	O	The idea appealed intensely right at the moment but he had other priorities that wouldn 't leave his mind .
tr	O	They 're also trying to pin Dean 's murder on me too , but it will never go to trial .
tr	O	Maybe subconsciously she avoided doing more than nicking her carotid artery , but if so it was entirely subconsciously .
tr	I	She 'd never been admitted via the emergency room , but she 'd been to the clinic for many , many tests .
tr	I	She hated feeling like a prisoner in Dylan 's bedroom , but it sounded like they were getting ready .
tr	I	He carried the body of Mia and the third one was an older male .
tr	O	I took a step toward her and two of Dom 's guys stepped in my path .
tr	O	Buddhahood exists within the nine worlds , and the nine worlds exist within Buddhahood .
tr	O	She attempted to tug her hand back , but he held on tightly , keeping his thumb pressed against her skin .
tr	O	The slender branches ran the tree 's height and he started to climb under the weight of his tunic .
tr	O	Gabe is in a rumpled X-Men t-shirt , and his jeans are torn at both knees .
tr	I	It was happening again tonight and something very strange had happened between them last night .
tr	I	Under the circumstances , it was the best I could manage , but that 's one of the stupidest things a man can possibly say .
tr	O	They keep coming , and we keep fighting .
tr	O	None were found and all of the rooms were locked .
tr	O	They were all staring at Ashley and their faces were filled with repulsion .
tr	I	The limbs started at about fourteen feet from the ground , and the trunk was three feet in diameter .
tr	I	I will make any concessions needed to see that happen , and I want you in my life .
tr	I	It was welcomed , but the water was room temperature .
tr	O	The Change helped him to recover his youthful appearance , but his mood was poor .
tr	I	There are also things above it , but there are many things below it .
tr	I	I 'm never letting you go and you 're mine .
tr	I	In the end she nodded , but her nose flared with defiance , like she wanted to argue further with him .
tr	I	I 'd assumed it was there because it was his realm , but I 'd sat there a few times in Henry 's palace .
tr	O	He slid his hands around her waist , and his fingers went slightly under her shirt .
tr	I	It 's in a safe place , just in case any evidence from the original file goes missing and I had the case file copied .
tr	I	I don 't , but I expected to see strain at the edges of her smile .
tr	O	He hadn 't gotten that sanity check he needed , but he 'd found Torr 's reason to live .
tr	I	The crispness had that wintry feel to it and it was definitely cold enough .
tr	O	He didn 't know why that should bother him , considering the situation , but it did .
tr	I	The jewels in her ears apparently couldn 't read , but walking to the next coffin , Hazel tried to read the plaque .
tr	I	None of them felt it was important , but it was true that they knew little of each other .
tr	I	She had to drop the axe and the power of that hit radiated up her arm .
tr	O	Morris kept a tight grip on the steering wheel , but he smiled in acknowledgment .
tr	O	Eventually she came across the Victorian steps near the town hall , and here she lounged for a little while before continuing her sightseeing .
tr	I	I read disappointment in his face , and Max looks at me .
tr	O	I can 't picture this happening , at least the crying part , but I can 't erase everything I saw when I was a kid .
tr	I	This time they were ready for it , but I tried the pulse again .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to do , and I held him in my arms as he died .
tr	O	They were patient , organized , and they scavenged everything .
tr	I	According to Will , they were unstoppable , and I could no longer see through them .
tr	I	A smile lit up my lips at how perfect that moment was , and I felt his moisture spilling inside me .
tr	O	Running feet sounded near her , and she turned to see Jeff .
tr	I	He steps close , pulling me into his arms , and his hand covers mine .
tr	O	I came in from Boston one night to visit my mother and I had the worst toothache ever .
tr	I	Her eyes stayed on Seth , her conversation not missing a beat , but I knew she could feel my signature as I approached .
tr	I	Starting another and finishing one doll .
tr	O	I knew he was a worrier , and I needed to take better care of him .
tr	O	Nevada told me to stop or my fingers would drop off .
tr	I	None of them wanted to give , but they all wanted things .
tr	I	I 'm devastated , and my daughter died .
tr	I	Matthew saw his lifetime as Ammon move quickly forward and Chapter 26 All at once light began to shimmer .
tr	I	They laughed under the warm suns and it was a time of plenty for the Nomads .
tr	I	I swung my shopping bag to slap her in the side and I glanced over at Miranda who was watching his butt in awe .
tr	I	I very much liked to be comfortable and the situation overall was just out of my comfort zone .
tr	I	This whole thing will be over and maybe we 'll get a call .
tr	I	I wished for Frost , my Killing Frost , and the frost began to melt against my hand .
tr	O	I think that you noticed it earlier but you didn 't want to believe it .
tr	O	Tavi tried to get the young man to open his eyes again , but there was no rousing him .
tr	O	The buildings surrounding them formed a barrier around the dirt lot , and she didn 't exactly feel like climbing across the ruins .
tr	I	She barely spoke a word , and Mia wasn 't talking much .
tr	O	It had almost happened once and he knew that it could easily happen again .
tr	O	He was almost a hundred percent sure of how today would play out , and yet here he was , leaving her alone .
tr	I	I 'll say it was in one of those old books I was chasing , but I don 't want to be followed .
tr	O	It was a sunny day and the temperature was in the mid-twenties .
tr	I	Handling the attackers himself and * * * Ashe considered dropping his cargo in an empty room .
tr	O	Maryann took a moment to find the restroom and Isabella started to actually listen to the music .
tr	I	He was no fool and well , Nick Gautier was no cherry .
tr	I	An attack will weaken us , since we have no high walls and a siege will surely weaken them !
tr	I	He falls , knocked out and the life goes out of the soldier 's eyes .
tr	O	He was thinking it might be wise to hold off trying the water jump but A.J. 's face held a wealth of determination .
tr	O	His had been the first individual thoughts she 'd ever filtered from among the hideous mass , and she could still read him better than anyone .
tr	I	Now she wondered what had influenced the design , but she hadn 't thought much about it on her previous visits .
tr	I	Of course I never realized , but all the signs were there before , if I 'd really paid attention .
tr	I	The column 's vehicles had crossed the river and Ed had learned that Task Force Beta had repaired the damaged railroad bridge .
tr	O	I nodded , to show that I understood , and a moment later , I discovered why Lia was so fond of the roof .
tr	O	I said , and we laughed .
tr	O	Then he looked at me with a tiny glint of hopefulness in his eyes , and my heart lifted .
tr	I	It would not respond to her now , but it had always responded to her absolutely .
tr	O	The next closest defender caught up to him too , and then Bryce slowed down even more .
tr	I	Albert rushed on before he could , but Jenkins opened his mouth to reply .
tr	O	I tried to think what it could be but I don 't think I had anything different .
tr	I	He was slowly starting to wake up and Nicolas 's breathing had returned to normal .
tr	O	His face was kind and he was preparing some type of bandage .
tr	O	It had come to her when she had called , and now it wanted payment .
tr	O	Her skin-tight breeches left little to the imagination , and I felt frozen , sitting there like some damn idiot , completely under her control .
tr	O	She glanced back with another of her glittering smiles , but there was ice in her blue eyes this time .
tr	I	It beat the alternative , but he hated begging , not least because he wasn 't very good at it .
tr	I	Our sex life was , well , lacking , and I was with Ben for the last six years .
tr	I	She wouldn 't have privacy if she didn 't respect others ' , but Sloane immediately recognized the older woman 's intention to impart more gossip .
tr	I	What he didn 't do was disagree with me , but his lips twitched .
tr	O	She opens her mouth to protest , but I cut her off , holding my hand up .
tr	I	I could feel beads of sweat rolling down his face and after both of us caught our breath , Jackson rested his forehead against mine .
tr	I	I can 't breathe , and he squeezes .
tr	O	After dinner they retired to the upstairs library , and Hugh took the opportunity to study her in greater depth .
tr	I	She had very good reason to feel such hopeless desperation , but of course , the pitiful lady didn 't know this .
tr	I	She felt his muscles go taut , and his hand stilled in her hair .
tr	O	Dearly they held such a word , and dearly it came .
tr	I	I don 't , or I make it .
tr	O	I whispered it to myself , feeling the syllables roll off my tongue , and I smiled .
tr	O	The tattoos resembled two guns and I didn 't remember ever getting them at all which was the crazy part .
tr	O	Another war was coming and another defunct government official was turning him into a dancing puppet to steal his life for someone else 's politics .
tr	O	I asked as he opened the car door , and I saw the stacks of coffee cups .
tr	O	She spoke so fiercely that it startled me , and I straightened up on the bench .
tr	I	Anya would never admit that her sister 's words cut deep , but she knew exactly how to gouge Anya 's most painful wound .
tr	I	He looked up , and his Adam 's apple bobbed .
tr	O	We may not need to use it of course but I want things in place as a precautionary measure .
tr	I	I could feel my strength leave my body , and just thinking about sleeping made me yawn .
tr	O	Rock piles littered the green hills , and Grace winced with almost every step .
tr	I	I had on basic black dress shoes , and we 'd opted for no tie , thank God .
tr	O	Mr. Clancy smiled and the others were in awe .
tr	O	He was wearing the duster jacket again , and he had his hands in his pockets .
tr	O	Many of his friends had been caught , and every time they had been deported .
tr	I	I can 't shake you But scared I 'll break myself .
tr	O	Giving me that little gum moment with her and then ringing the damned fire alarm .
tr	I	Her heart went into her throat when she saw the picture of Leo and Doo Ri recognized them right away from the concert a few weeks ago .
tr	O	He loosens his grip on me , and I slide to the floor .
tr	O	There were directions to the class-action administrator , and dozens of signature blanks to be filled in .
tr	O	She passed the phone over to me and I nearly died on the spot .
tr	O	I thought of Rob 's eyes , deep like the water and quick to show how much people meant to him .
tr	I	She didn 't think this was a laughing matter but she thought she heard a smile in his voice .
tr	O	Wesley tried to pull her in , and she casually threatened to remove him from her will .
tr	O	The girl shifted , and Alex saw , peeking beneath her pants ' tattered cuffs , a single sneaker on the girl 's right foot .
tr	O	We haven 't talked in a while , but I could maybe make a phone call .
tr	O	Grace felt for her , but it didn 't change what she 'd done to her own son .
tr	I	Shaky lines maneuvered their way across the moonlit yard , and the quake had caused the hologram servers to malfunction .
tr	O	He fell back for a split second , and he was there .
tr	I	They continued down the steps as doors were kicked open far above and he nodded .
tr	I	It had been an unusually hot Colorado afternoon , and Tate said she didn 't even have water .
tr	O	I hear Storm exclaim , but I 'm not listening .
tr	O	Their eyes met , and something powerful arced between them , obliterating the pretense he 'd used to let himself come back here .
tr	O	I know what I 'm going to have to do and I hate it .
tr	I	Though he 'd been disappointed , he was also somewhat relieved , and Sofia 's friend had never shown up .
tr	O	He followed Malik back down the hallway , and they both disappeared into Ethan 's office .
tr	O	Dawn tilted her head back , and he gazed down into the beauty of her brown eyes .
tr	I	His tone isn 't , but the question is accusatory .
tr	O	Kate put the key into the car and it roared to life .
tr	I	There was no blood on the bandage and the hole was bandaged up .
tr	O	It was the first of our four promised chances to kill him , and it was hard to imagine a simpler opportunity falling into our laps .
tr	O	Four of them are called ' Cardinal ' virtues , and the remaining three are called ' Theological ' virtues .
tr	O	The shower did the trick and I began to work again .
tr	O	I know you guys don 't approve , but there are people counting on me .
tr	O	Anthony pauses , his eyes shifting , but he remains silent .
tr	I	I was floored at its seeming authenticity , and it arrived in Florida a week later .
tr	O	Ava frowned , wondering when Kim would ever realize that they were friends ... and friends always made time for each other .
tr	I	His expression was unreadable , but I glanced toward Liam .
tr	I	His full lips were curled up in a devilish smile and his handsome face was darkened from the sun .
tr	O	Parts of him , they devoured raw , blood smearing their monstrous fangs , and then they dragged me on .
tr	O	Most of the liquid had seeped into the carpet , but the few drops left in the glass were enough .
tr	O	The management bought them whatever food they requested , and Mac often requested two things , especially .
tr	O	According to initial reports , the epicenter was miles away , but the quaking rocked the entire Israeli coastline , including here .
tr	I	I didn 't expect anything , but it was worth a try .
tr	I	There was nothing to find , but my eyes searched the room .
tr	O	There was an awkward pause for a moment , and I wished I hadn 't said anything .
tr	I	I wanted this man , but I wasn 't promiscuous .
tr	I	Douglas stood true , but the Bishop looked at Douglas for a shade longer than was necessary , obviously giving him time to run from the Cathedral .
tr	O	I clasp my hands over my mouth , but it 's too late .
tr	I	We can 't see past the auto body shop from here , and they don 't come down this way .
tr	O	The darn thing was rising , and the room was growing dark .
tr	I	The evil never failed to creep her out , but she 'd been here a thousand times before .
tr	O	A persistent ring brought him out of the past and he glanced at the phone .
tr	I	Her eyes widened and she sipped .
tr	I	Adam puts the kettle on and we walk into the kitchen .
tr	O	I knew I was tugging at an already taut string , but I didn 't seem to be able to stop myself .
tr	O	They would have his head for sure and there was no question about the matter .
tr	O	It hurt to breathe and it hurt to stand still .
tr	I	The Four Nerds had worked throughout the night and * * * * * Jordan .
tr	O	The voice was strong and the call was urgent .
tr	I	I especially don 't care about God and I don 't look for a reason .
tr	O	So either these were vampires , or they were something else supernatural .
tr	I	It was difficult for his sister to accept but he knew that time would heal her wounds .
tr	O	She wanted to go out , but she was confined in a room .
tr	I	I was alone , the only sound the flapping of wings as a bird took off from somewhere nearby , but I turned in a circle .
tr	I	No one was surprised when Brady Maxwell III followed in his father 's footsteps , and they were a model family .
tr	I	I tuck them back behind my ears , and strands of hair stick to my face .
tr	I	It seemed as though the dawn never came and there was a storm during the night .
tr	O	she replied vehemently , but Rashid noticed that she didn 't pull away from the man 's touch .
tr	I	The question was out there now , but he looked a bit unnerved to share it .
tr	O	He looked to the Big Man for support , but the Big Man ignored him .
tr	O	At the very least they were friends , but friendship wouldn 't quite explain why she couldn 't seem to get him off her mind .
tr	I	They are on track to cover the distance long before her strength fails her , but her grip slowly starts to relent .
tr	O	He couldn 't remember the last time he 'd felt it but it screamed now with all its former intensity .
tr	I	Even so I thought everything seemed fine , but the darkness made it difficult to see .
tr	O	It hurt a lot to lose my father , but at least I got to spend twelve years with him .
tr	I	I was willing to do it again if she let me , and I 'd rocked her world the first time we were together .
tr	I	This is major and it was a long time ago .
tr	I	The words seemed to die in his throat , but Mateo wanted to tell Asa he was wrong .
tr	I	The best thing to do was walk away from the whole mess , and at one point he 'd decided there was no reasoning with her .
tr	I	They were well spaced for easy harvest and she could easily reach the low branches .
tr	O	Anna stood frozen , but her body shook .
tr	I	Now you 're barely interacting with him , but you literally drove straight from the police station to get Pavel .
tr	I	One isn 't and one is working .
tr	O	Closed sign on the door , but he could see someone at the counter .
tr	I	I hid it well with good grace , but I had learned to despise them quickly .
tr	O	She could not stop herself loving him but she could not tolerate his experiments .
tr	O	I don 't understand why he wants to know so badly , but he 's the stubborn type .
tr	I	I could feel the energy surging through my body and I felt the restraint release , even as we both stumbled back .
tr	O	He was a swab on ma ship , and one I never shoulda trusted .
tr	I	I figured ice cream would do us both good and the day is hot .
tr	O	His eyes locked with her only for a second , but this man packed more in an instant than most put into a lifetime .
tr	I	I 've heard emotionally it can leave you feeling empty , but I 'm not sure how accountable one is held for these sins .
tr	I	He couldn 't have her , but he wanted Eve .
tr	O	He can hear their transmissions but he cannot decode them .
tr	I	His skin was hot , but her fingers were icy .
tr	I	I was remembering when I first met her and the fluoro light was shining on her throat .
tr	I	I followed , and he walked toward the edge of the woods .
tr	O	He sailed Friday which they say is bad luck and I do hope it is not .
tr	O	Two officers appeared in the doorway leading outside , and I didn 't have to look at them to know that they were both vampires .
tr	I	A blast of cold turned her sweat clammy , and somewhere overhead the air conditioning kicked on .
tr	O	It may have sounded gruff , but that was just her way .
tr	I	His breathing was rapid , and his eyes darted around .
tr	O	Anger was an appropriate response under the circumstances , and she did look furious .
tr	I	The fog was beginning to thicken , making the horizon invisible , and heavy clouds were descending slowly .
tr	I	We can do it hard or we can do this easy .
tr	I	I felt like I was to blame , and Jamey was going to be in huge trouble .
tr	I	I know I can 't keep delaying the inevitable , but more seconds pass .
tr	I	He 's touching his face and his eyes are vacant .
tr	I	It actually seemed to fit , but it was a simple wool dress .
tr	O	The solder is weak , perhaps , but it will hold long enough .
tr	I	No fire escapes were present , and it appeared as though most of the windows were barred .
tr	I	I needed advertisements to do so , but I wanted to change that mindset .
tr	O	I haven 't got it all quite clear yet since folks all seem to be in a rush , but here is what I know .
tr	I	He couldn 't hide the twitching of his lips , but the blond nodded as though disappointed .
tr	O	He loved you because you were a part of me -- and God knows he loved me more than I ever deserved to be loved .
tr	O	Well , I am sorry my dear , but you are to be disappointed .
tr	O	He had meant to have her stay home from work , but he didn 't want her to see him like this .
tr	O	She was an ugly fiend , but at the same time , there was never a more exotic , more beautiful woman created than her .
tr	O	My body filled with pain , and I screamed shaking uncontrollably .
tr	I	The room grew dark and the entire jail rumbled .
tr	O	Connor 's eyes went huge , and he went still , as if stunned by the weight of the crown on his head .
tr	O	I understand your father 's concern with how young you are , but I 'd be happy to talk to him for you .
tr	I	He 's shooting up the place and he 's got his gun out .
tr	I	He 'd lost his job and her father hadn 't been able to handle life after her mother died of cancer .
tr	O	A mass of people crowded out front ; those lucky enough to have invitations , and those simply happy with observing the party from a distance .
tr	O	Her body answered for her , and she rocked back into him .
tr	O	I 'd slept with the man , shared intimacies untold , yet I didn 't know what he did for a living .
tr	I	Leslie picked up the pen and they went back to the table .
tr	I	The world spun as I automatically resumed CPR , and my breath was coming in rapid gasps now .
tr	I	Jack was determined on never becoming any woman 's fool , and lust could make a fool of a man .
tr	I	He got back to work , and that induced her to silence again .
tr	O	Without the railing he was off balance , but he kept his eyes focused on the door , concentrating on what he had to do .
tr	I	There wasn 't time , but speed would need to think of a name for this ship .
tr	O	I got to hold his youngest , Martin Walters , Jr. , but they called him Mack .
tr	I	She also didn 't want to show him her revulsion over his apparent lack of morals but she didn 't want to encourage him in any way .
tr	I	I had a firm grip , but Mia jerked in my grip , pulling at her wrist with every intention of breaking free .
tr	O	He 's no longer pointing a weapon at me , but the apparent civility does nothing to reassure me .
tr	I	They have been the best eight months in my life and we 've been together almost eight months now .
tr	I	She couldn 't look at him and the thought made her cheeks flush .
tr	O	He didn 't like to use them , but he 'd run out of all other options .
tr	O	Leah pulled a small flashlight out of her purse , but the small light seemed to only create more shadows .
tr	O	Her eyes opened halfway but she didn 't answer .
tr	O	They went up to the front desk and Christian announced their presence .
tr	I	Rose didn 't care , but Everything was moving fast .
tr	I	I was so proud of him , but at twenty-two , Vincent was one of the oldest freshmen students at River Valley Community College .
tr	I	She slowly shook her head and Patricia 's face went blank .
tr	I	I cannot do without it , but I think it 's the fire , drying out the wooden walls .
tr	O	He was right , and I knew it .
tr	I	The thought soured in my stomach , but it seemed like a valid argument .
tr	I	I remembered why I 'd loved him , and he smiled .
tr	I	It feels so unnatural and it 's weird to see because ... well , because everything appears so ordinary .
tr	I	She tasted his pleasure , and his abs clenched .
tr	O	Tried to wake you , but it was like waking the dead .
tr	O	He was clearly not used to being talked to this way , and she could tell that he almost came back with an angry response .
tr	O	You men have done great things , but we still have work to do .
tr	O	He had dropped my hand a few steps back , but now he threw a friendly arm across my shoulder .
tr	O	Both punches landed , making it into another simultaneous exchange , and again , Lea ignored the pain .
tr	I	She never looked away , but sometimes it was blinding .
tr	O	Emelia pulled a face and he chuckled again .
tr	I	Now it would be different , but I hadn 't been ready to fight Klaus back then .
tr	I	People still insist on inserting this nonsense into their works of fiction , yet it doesn 't take much to search the Internet for this info .
tr	O	Chase pinched the bridge of his nose and Roman knew he was in deep shit .
tr	I	Boys would say ooooh to anything , but I didn 't think this was a particularly good line on Ms. Northam 's part .
tr	I	Then he realized the problem , and Cale 's eyes widened .
tr	O	I hit the door with my good side , but even so , pain radiates across my back .
tr	O	The receptacle closed and his clothing was gone .
tr	I	I didn 't know where from but he looked so familiar to me .
tr	I	She 'd never forgotten it , and that kind of generosity had been a novel experience for Alix .
tr	O	She had been living next to him for half a year and nobody told him about it .
tr	O	Ashe hadn 't spoken to the tall youth until then , but he hadn 't chased Ren away when he 'd appeared inside Ashe 's bedroom .
tr	O	Her eyes were very open and as we looked at each other I confused her body with the translucent form that moved toward me .
tr	O	He lifts his hand from my body , and I whimper a bit .
tr	O	The Todd family had a big summer home on Castle Lake , and Homer had been their caretaker since time out of mind .
tr	I	I waited for her to send Ryan flying across the room again , and her face flashed red .
tr	I	He would come early to class to suck up to me and after last night I 'd thought I had the upper hand .
tr	O	I looked at Jackson doubtfully , but he was smiling .
tr	O	The doors closed behind him , but the doors did not go away .
tr	O	His coworkers all knew he was depressed , and they felt sorry for him .
tr	I	He pulled me towards him and I stared at him .
tr	I	The rest of him looked untouched , but he probably had a broken nose .
tr	O	Just as I contemplated resting , a searing pain shot through my leg and I was knocked down onto my knees again .
tr	O	I could see her expression turn from anger to terror and she slapped her assailant 's chest .
tr	O	It takes me a second to remember where I am and all the memories come flooding back .
tr	O	I felt it tighten right away and I fell to the ground gasping .
tr	O	Tolliver nudged me , and we exchanged looks .
tr	I	I do not believe in ghosts , and I am not a superstitious person .
tr	I	They both left Peter alone , and she nodded , still sobbing .
tr	O	The car starts to shake , and I lose it .
tr	O	He kissed her , dissolving in her warmth , and then he let her go .
tr	O	The driveway of the house still stood empty , and Grace blew out a long breath .
tr	O	My stomach churned , and my mind raced with possible things I could do to stop them .
tr	O	she waved her hand around vaguely and he laughed .
tr	I	A fork still whispered a reply , but there was no thrill this time .
tr	O	Her hand grew cold on the sword and within seconds the icy blade glowed blue .
tr	O	I know it can be difficult to talk about being separated from your family , and I 've only just met this man .
tr	O	She smiled , waiting for his response , and for an instant Jeremy considered it .
tr	O	For a moment , I thought that Grandma wasn 't going to answer me , but she finally let out another soft sigh .
tr	I	He joined in and Metallica started playing through his sound system .
tr	I	There was a grim set to his jaw , but Morton flinched at the insult .
tr	O	I knew I would be lucky if I got home before the storm hit , but I would certainly try .
tr	I	She could do no other than provide , and he needed .
tr	I	Jared saw it was a knife and the man held it up slightly .
tr	I	I couldn 't distinguish if there were any words involved , but I could hear the volume of the noise that Lindsey made .
tr	O	The house was finished but he 'd told her it would be .
tr	I	The Lamborghini had always been her one exception , but normally , she didn 't give a whit about cars .
tr	I	The mall was crowded and it was Friday night .
tr	O	He spotted Shannon , and then he sauntered over to where she was now sitting -- at the table next to me .
tr	O	There were still buildings around in various stages of disrepair , but wilderness was once again taking over the landscape .
tr	I	His eyes are a dull gray , and his little cheeks are sucked in .
tr	I	They went , and he yelled .
tr	I	I needed more choices and they had more choices .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure who he was , but I knew he was just as depraved as Beelzebub himself .
tr	O	I have seldom seen Eric at a loss for words , but he was definitely speechless - for all of thirty seconds .
tr	I	She smiled joyfully and as she walked through the door to the visiting room her eyes lit up .
tr	I	I fell into them sobbing and Katie held out her arms .
tr	I	The room quieted and Dave 's attorney , Mike Addison , stood up .
tr	I	She knew she 'd feel its absence if the bond between them severed , but she didn 't exactly feel a tether to Sean .
tr	O	He opened his mouth , but she cut him off .
tr	I	He was standing there with tears falling down his face and I turned around .
tr	O	Ryan swooping down from the sky and snatching me up in his arms .
tr	I	Then it began to zing right to the roots , but he could barely feel her touch through the hair .
tr	I	The color was beginning to return and it was warming .
tr	O	It 's okay to hold her left hand , but her right one is broken .
tr	I	Time came to a stop , and Asa clapped his hands together .
tr	I	Margaret answered , and I asked for the archives area .
tr	I	I turn around to see a familiar truck pulling in and the roar of an engine sounds behind me .
tr	O	The wood splintered a little , but the door held .
tr	I	It 's not true , and it 's not fair .
tr	O	The chimp was named Momo , and Momo was very skilled at American Sign Language .
tr	I	I really suck at goodbyes and I suck at receiving gifts .
tr	I	She didn 't wave back , but she looked at me .
tr	I	I had no idea what to say to him , and Jim was feeling down about his recovery .
tr	O	I bought an eyeliner , but I don 't use it .
tr	O	They stood in a stalemate , until the man turned his gaze downward and his eyes began to twinkle .
tr	I	The flailing girl 's weakened state slows them to an observable rate , but the jarring visions seize hold of Zelda 's mind once more .
tr	O	Those may be Confederacy ships , but they are not from our Clan .
tr	O	She wasn 't a dimwit , although she 'd gone out of her way to give him that impression , and she hadn 't even been trying .
tr	I	He found himself a bit shaken , but they slid neatly back into place .
tr	O	The eyes were familiar , and Jack saw it too .
tr	O	The hallway to his right was clear and the staircase on his left was deserted .
tr	I	It would not hold forever , but the doors did not budge .
tr	I	The only one he could think of now was : it 's strange , but Moist realized that there had to be an explanation for this .
tr	I	It would only reach so far , but she lifted her hand to tear it off .
tr	O	* * * Sam I know better than to stay , but I can 't make myself go .
tr	I	This went beyond that , but she 'd expected a reaction because of her involvement with Kennedy .
tr	O	He sent her to sleep , a whispered command , and her lashes drifted down .
tr	O	Jace turned his head toward her , and for a moment their eyes met .
tr	O	I shot the one on the right , and Hemp shot the one on the left .
tr	O	I don 't know why I 'm so nervous but God I 'm nervous .
tr	O	Part of it may have been out of loyalty for the South , but it was mostly his own greed that led him to use your brother .
tr	O	There are no other relatives I care to contact and no friends here save only the two of you .
tr	I	Darkness followed it , and then pain exploded his world .
tr	O	I will have a technician run virus software and he should be fine .
tr	O	I wanted to put her in my lap but the worried , nervous look on her face stopped me .
tr	I	The manner had been a little different , but Nyx had done this too .
tr	O	I was in a miserable state , and my grandmother grew weaker .
tr	I	Only then became aware that her legs were trembling and Julia had stared at the receiver in her hand .
tr	O	In short , they did not always share the same values , but they did agree on one thing ; the fate of mankind .
tr	O	Tegan had to be watching for Doc , but she didn 't pause her work .
tr	O	He appeared to relax a little and he gave me a small smile .
tr	O	The man was an enhanced soldier , an anchor if she wasn 't mistaken , and no one was safe now .
tr	O	His jaw clenched , the scent of his burning skin filled the air , but he refused to release her .
tr	I	I knew it wasn 't this feeling of uncertainty , but I didn 't know what love was yet .
tr	O	He 'd removed his suit jacket and the sleeves of his white shirt were rolled halfway up his arms .
tr	O	She breathed deeply and the moment subsided .
tr	I	She wouldn 't listen , but I tried to reason with her .
tr	O	A moment passes , and they are gone .
tr	I	She didn 't , but I kinda thought she was gon na hit me .
tr	I	He wasn 't around a lot , and well , he wasn 't better .
tr	I	No one had heard of Ross McRae , but she admitted her father 's name after some initial reluctance .
tr	I	The ink on his skin was still for the rest of the night and Leo 's eyes were back to their normal dark brown .
tr	I	They stopped in their tracks and he had a commanding voice .
tr	O	Easier said than done , but she had no choice .
tr	O	For a split second there , Nina saw a flash of humanity in Braun , but it wasn 't going to save him at this point .
tr	I	I was slightly dazed and my head felt light .
tr	O	They walked through hidden forest paths and she stayed close behind him .
tr	I	My shoulders tense and there 's that cautious , nervous Storm voice again .
tr	O	He listened to her voice as she lectured him , and instead of being irritated , he actually enjoyed it .
tr	O	The scent of jasmine filled his senses and for a moment he belonged to her .
tr	O	I looked to my right , and everything went from hypersonic , to a snail 's pace .
tr	O	I tried wearing a watch , but I don 't like it .
tr	O	She didn 't know what it meant exactly , but it had to mean something .
tr	I	At least he no longer looked like he was staring down the barrel of a .45 , but his face was still pale .
tr	I	We will get your copy of the contract and I can get into Matt 's office safe .
tr	I	It was for you , but it pains me to say this now .
tr	I	He glanced down the hall , and his eyes widened a fraction .
tr	I	The slightly thinner circumference snaps the moment his weight is applied , but several jumps later , Rift successfully grabs hold of a vine .
tr	I	We go right around the corner to a little bakery where he orders one piece of the decadent dessert and he tosses some bills on the table .
tr	I	Words couldn 't describe how violating it felt , and I 'd been possessed before .
tr	I	I 'm not confident either , but I don 't feel nervous .
tr	I	He didn 't see a pay phone , but he wished he could call home then .
tr	O	I needed to believe they 'd kept me in the dark for a good reason , or maybe they didn 't even know the truth .
tr	I	Allie nudged him , and Mikey grumbled something under his breath .
tr	I	There was a question in his voice , but it was a statement .
tr	I	I pushed myself out of Robin 's arms , and the world burst into light as I saw through the shadows .
tr	I	I want to see who 's running this country , and I believe he must be trapped in the White House if Andrews is closed down .
tr	I	I am too , but he might be stubborn .
tr	O	Royston had asked her to do a job and the job was over .
tr	O	I turned us uptown , and we passed more courthouses .
tr	I	It was all Jason could do to pull the tab up instead of down and she presented him with her back .
tr	I	It managed to slam into my ear but I flung my head around .
tr	I	A plastic ring of toys Haylie had pulled from her bag of tricks and he was taking turns playing with his feet .
tr	O	Beside me , Adonis straightened , and I touched his elbow .
tr	I	Bahl Bazaar got up and the bell rang again .
tr	I	He hadn 't and her father could have put an end to this romance .
tr	O	The water moved gently around her body as the stillness surrounded her and she floated , looking down on the universe .
tr	I	We didn 't know much of anything yet , but we were here to get information about what they were planning .
tr	I	We didn 't try to pry any lose , but we all knew these were precious gems .
tr	I	He crossed his arms , and Evan 's eyes dropped .
tr	O	You agree to be mine , and you wear my ring , then no one else .
tr	O	In all directions they ran , but that only further inflamed me .
tr	I	She had the final say but he explained that Garrison was in charge of their safety .
tr	I	Already her knees complained , and she had been in the trench for barely an hour .
tr	I	I knew Michael , but he 'd told me himself that the potential for losing it was in him .
tr	I	Jamie turned as I crossed into the aisle , but Stella didn 't wake up .
tr	I	She ignored us , but I called out to her , breathless , as we ran .
tr	I	The spell was broken , and she blinked .
tr	I	Both of you will die here and you 're trapped .
tr	I	We are racing across the fields of grain and the farmers are in the field !
tr	I	She forged ahead and Sibyl found this encouraging .
tr	O	The pain eased over the next several seconds , and Amara let out a breath of relief .
tr	O	It wasn 't a show that I loved , but it was a show I was comfortable with .
tr	I	Garrett felt something tighten inside , and she smiled as she said it .
tr	O	He couldn 't remember sleeping in that time , but then he could barely remember sleeping at all , anywhere .
tr	O	Like me , she had a psychic knack , but hers was for making people spill their secrets .
tr	O	There was no budging the women from that position and without inside help , any chance of just walking out of the palace was zero .
tr	I	I want to see her happy , and I tend to worry about Sabrina .
tr	O	She was very calm when she picked me up at the nurse 's office , and she didn 't say much on the ride home .
tr	I	I 'm not screwing up again , and I 've already screwed up by losing that old couple .
tr	O	Aria grabbed Emily 's hand , and they staggered for the car .
tr	O	I gesture for Rex to climb in , and Dust hops over the side after him .
tr	O	She wanted to choke him , but she could tell that she was fighting a losing battle .
tr	O	They said goodbyes and he hung up .
tr	I	Bill rang the buzzer , and they left .
tr	I	Now that my parents no longer wanted to be a part of my life , she was all that I had , and I owed her everything .
tr	O	Kira waited for what seemed like an eternity , but nothing happened .
tr	I	I noticed his lips were at it again , but he did a good job at deflecting them .
tr	O	He saw her true colours , and he didn 't like it .
tr	I	Cereal was everywhere and Sergio was staring at the wall , probably pondering ways to kill things .
tr	O	Eric 's groan was loud in the silence , and she opened her eyes .
tr	I	I nodded , and he asked .
tr	O	The tears stopped and my eyelids drooped .
tr	I	Curiosity got the best of me , but Jamey 's whereabouts shouldn 't have been my concern .
tr	O	I had not seen her in such a nervous state before and my heart went out to her .
tr	I	Certainly not after the article she wrote , and she couldn 't allow herself to call .
tr	I	When he looks up , he 's smiling , which makes me feel very weird , but Coach looks down at his hands for a few moments .
tr	I	I never knew his name , but I can remember his face .
tr	I	He moved it around like it weighed nothing , but the thing weighed a ton .
tr	O	Gage played coy after I grilled him on what exactly it was he saw , and he promised he 'd tell me later .
tr	O	His glasses are askew and his hair is ruffled .
tr	O	Yes , my world is shrinking and there is nothing I can do about it .
tr	O	She was a deep well , and I wasn 't surprised Dell Teague had been intrigued .
tr	O	His eyebrows pushed together , and then he cocked his head , listening .
tr	I	She didn 't contact me and I never called back after that .
tr	I	A few seconds later , they were behind me , Razor 's neon blue grin lightening the walls of the burrow , and it just happened .
tr	O	He patted the spot beside him , and I crawled onto my knees .
tr	I	He noticed there was a flaw in the granite and his eyes glanced down for a moment .
tr	O	I roll my eyes at myself again as images of Emily and me wrapped in fur coverings shoot through my mind .
tr	I	They all seem decent people who work reasonably hard and there are five IT support staff on my team .
tr	O	I know a terrific girl who is incredible in a lot of ways but being blind is not one of them .
tr	I	To flee but there was nothing left to do .
tr	I	Her stomach was beginning to complain and she had not eaten since breakfast .
tr	I	The risks may be less than on the streets , but they also haunt the tunnels .
tr	O	We are close , you and I. Oh , it isn 't terribly complicated , really .
tr	O	I hear the beeping of machines , feel needles sinking into my skin , giving me life , and I hate them for it .
tr	O	Several low hisses cut through the silence , and I look back at Mrs. Lake .
tr	O	I thought something had happened to you , and my brother was no help at all .
tr	O	He looked rather relaxed with his eyes closed , legs stretched , and hands clasped behind his head .
tr	I	The other occupants of the van didn 't talk and I was left with the muted sounds of travel .
tr	O	Kaia approached her side , and everyone except for Gideon stood .
tr	O	She had trusted him completely and she knew she loved him .
tr	O	We have to end this , and confessing is the only way .
tr	I	Long , sharp talons bit into the child 's arm , and the slash of his mouth revealed jagged teeth stained black with blood .
tr	I	They might not tie him up , and if they thought he was hurt enough , they wouldn 't consider him any more of a threat .
tr	O	I couldn 't see Diego , but I knew he was shrugging .
tr	I	She couldn 't leave Atlanta for two weeks , but we had one taker .
tr	I	I swear she must read my mind and Sarah meets my eyes .
tr	O	The silence was strained , but she didn 't know what to say to make it better .
tr	I	I was happy to take on the task but Preston offered to order food so I wouldn 't have to cook .
tr	I	It is all I have but it is a low , immature blow .
tr	I	I felt myself blushing and my stomach did a crazy flip .
tr	O	Tears burned her lids and she 'd be damned before she 'd let a single one fall .
tr	I	Unlike an escalator it was only one stair that rose up a good ten feet before it began to slide forward but it was like an escalator .
tr	I	I was able to relax for the remainder of the ride and his matter of fact tone placated me .
tr	I	We still didn 't stop kissing and she slowly swung open the door .
tr	I	The driver pulled away , and Jake shut the door .
tr	I	He didn 't comment on the fact that Olivia was obviously at the house , but Charlotte noticed that his gaze lingered on the two teacups .
tr	I	She turned her head to look across the room and the feeling of being watched crawled over her skin .
tr	O	The spot on my mom 's temple was the size of a pea when she found it , and six months later she was dead .
tr	I	This time she gave me a look that told me that I needed to be more specific , but my mother asked again .
tr	O	You may not understand it now , but parents screw up all the time .
tr	O	Perhaps he would have time for a little diversion and diversion was Penelope 's sole purpose in his life .
tr	O	I feel stiff with anger , but part of me can 't help wishing he 'll say something to make this right .
tr	I	He was watching me , and looking extremely handsome in a black suit , he sat alone at a small table in the back of the room .
tr	O	I sucked in air , but there was something ... more .
tr	O	You said you 're not interested , but that 's not true .
tr	I	For the life of her , she couldn 't figure out what it was , but something nagged in the back of her mind .
tr	O	Beth wasn 't sure she wanted to talk about it , but she figured it was better to get it over with .
tr	O	She kissed me on the cheek as she left , and when she was gone , I paced the house for hours .
tr	O	Pullen gave Charlie back the picture and they drove downtown .
tr	I	This room had dozens of portholes on the wall , but rooms with a view normally had skylights in the ceiling .
tr	I	She counted herself lucky not to have wound up impaled on it , and her weapon was knocked clear of her hand .
tr	O	They 'd been married less than twenty-four hours , and already , they 'd had their first quarrel .
tr	I	Mike 's , but Today felt different because she wasn 't coming at Sam 's request .
tr	I	She wonders what such a construction could mean out here away from the common flow of human discourse , and there are no signs of life anywhere .
tr	I	She was also black but not only was Anita female .
tr	I	She 'd need to read over her lease first , but actually she wouldn 't mind a pet .
tr	O	It 'll be good for you to meet others , and it 'll give you a chance to see the area .
tr	I	He continued to feed and unfortunately his hand was quicker than his memory .
tr	I	I knew this wasn 't the last of our conversation and he sighed .
tr	O	It 's no big deal , but every time he comes home , he doesn 't talk to me .
tr	I	I turned off the engine and we pulled into the driveway .
tr	I	The drug stopped her from really fighting back , and she ached all over .
tr	O	I 'd never been so thoughtless about my actions and a desperate libido wasn 't answer enough for me .
tr	I	There was no time to figure it out now , but he didn 't understand how Ronan had done it .
tr	O	This was useless and I felt like a fool .
tr	O	He had a prime table along the windows , and we settled in across from him .
tr	I	She giggled and I pulled her hair .
tr	I	The power outage was extended along with the curfew and there were Enforce everywhere operating under emergency protocols .
tr	O	Magnus had never liked any of them , and none of them had ever liked Magnus .
tr	O	My stomach was on fire and I knew I had to get to a hospital as soon as possible .
tr	I	Her eyes are a light hazel and her skin is pale .
tr	I	It seemed unlikely at best that he was the killer , but I still could not rule Dominic out .
tr	I	Trish will not be suspicious and I hope this will work .
tr	O	Kills had run together and feeding had become difficult .
tr	I	None gave the response that Sheen was looking for , but he pressed several more buttons .
tr	I	The stopper on top is round , and it 's square , which is kind of cool .
tr	O	His eyes were downcast and he shook his head .
tr	I	When she opened her eyes , things were blurry , and the salve made Echo 's eyelids stick a little .
tr	O	Women screamed and nearby waiters jumped back .
tr	I	I could stand it , but it was definitely there .
tr	I	You are not , or you are purposefully good .
tr	O	He quickly reached for her , but she shirked away .
tr	O	She placed a hand over her stomach , and he covered her hand with his .
tr	O	He gives me his hand and I take it .
tr	I	Don still saw me as the poor kid looking for a chance , but I might be a big-time , rich lawyer now .
tr	I	The finger marks around her neck were like an angry necklace , and most of her face was marked .
tr	I	I 'm no Saint but I wish no harm to your poor wife .
tr	O	I open my mouth , but it 's too late .
tr	O	I pulled over to the shoulder , and he jumped out .
tr	I	That was the only day they could all come together for the project , and he was helping some neighbors assemble a barn .
tr	I	A woman next to me gave me a brief pat on the back , and the guests clapped again .
tr	I	For personal reasons he preferred they work elsewhere , but both had good work histories with his company .
tr	I	Her chest heaves as she struggles to maintain her breathing and there 's an underlying meaning in her tone as her gaze locks with mine .
tr	I	Jeff gunned the engine , and I heard the cargo door slam .
tr	O	We used to have a cat , and when we went on vacation , my mom always wanted to board her at the vet .
tr	I	Actually getting to have something normal for a change and it 's just nice to see her with someone .
tr	O	He had the lean , toned body of a baseball player , and his hair was messed strategically with the slightest bit of gel .
tr	O	She could tell he was trying to cheer her up , but she was to the point that she was all right with being down .
tr	O	Hers , particularly , was complicated with a whole lot of issues , and she shouldn 't keep leaning on Max to fix everything for her .
tr	I	Therefore I didn 't know how much help I could be , and I told him that I 'd be leaving the following Friday .
tr	I	I 'm going to take it and I deserve happiness .
tr	O	I mean he was a few feet away from me and yet it felt like he was not there .
tr	O	His brows were drawn together and she could tell the moment recognition dawned .
tr	I	We can prescribe medicine to reduce the frequency of attacks , but there is no cure for Shingles .
tr	I	Jules begged , but it wasn 't mine , either .
tr	O	Tess disappears and I shoot Gunny a look .
tr	O	He 'd helped set her on the path to this new life , but she 'd opted to stay in it .
tr	O	He prepared to scold his friend , but before his thoughts could fully form , the awful red stains proved not to stain at all .
tr	I	I need to be stronger and I guess that 's the only good thing that this school taught me : that I 'm a punk .
tr	O	Part of me expected him to catch himself before he smacked into the floor , but he didn 't .
tr	O	They couldn 't cross from their universe to ours , but they didn 't need to .
tr	I	I have to go and something 's come up .
tr	I	Tom had insisted they go on , but she 'd tired some miles back .
tr	O	I practice a little witchcraft , but I 'm more interested in the Wiccan life .
tr	I	Laying on the floor of the lab with a blanket over me and slowly I open my eyes to see I 'm actually alive .
tr	I	I gasp and I 'm trying to hear the words when the picture onscreen changes .
tr	I	As far as I can tell , it never gets easier , but Death was something I was getting used to being threatened with .
tr	O	Ty tried not to frown , but his confusion was clear .
tr	I	The temperature drop had been sudden , and Snow fell lightly as we neared the city walls .
tr	I	Sean doesn 't budge , but I try to pull my wrists free .
tr	O	Sophia sat frozen for a few seconds , and then her whole body went limp .
tr	I	Its passengers attempted to escape and the craft fell to the ground , vanished beneath a melting surface .
tr	I	I was given one and I did ask for a job .
tr	I	Then it choked off , but Veronica started to laugh .
tr	O	I was just starting to get a bit worried that he hadn 't contacted me at all , but he was always a thoughtless little bugger .
tr	I	There 's always more suffering to cure , more pain to try to stop , but everyone knows that Frost Industries works miracles .
tr	I	It does , but I act like it doesn 't bother me .
tr	I	At their feet the mist was fading and frayed clouds now hovered over the mountains .
tr	O	She hands it to me to put away and I again become highly conscious of her nudity .
tr	I	I couldn 't help it , but I knew looking was a bad idea .
tr	I	The handle didn 't explode off the hinges , either , and the door didn 't swing wildly open .
tr	I	His shoulders were stiff and the muscles in his arms tightened .
tr	O	Silken put her arm around her sister and they headed back to the door .
tr	O	I accidentally left my notes on the floor during a test and Mr. Rappaport wrote me up for cheating .
tr	O	She quickened the strokes , and he bit down on her lip .
tr	O	The jungle gave way to sporadic bunches of palm trees , and Siri was surprised to see how much sand was mixed with the soil .
tr	I	Once up , Mr. Cameron seems to be doing okay on his own , but Robbie helps Mr. Cameron out of the lawn chair .
tr	I	He didn 't have the books , but I took him completely by surprise .
tr	I	I looked away from him and I shook off my gaze .
tr	I	Andrew flicks it off and the monitor goes dead .
tr	I	He 's dazed from the thorough pummeling he 's just endured , and Tad 's face is bloated twice its normal size .
tr	I	The three of us leave and he motions toward the door .
tr	I	I nodded , hurrying around the opposite corner , and Fred pointed at the door marked # 323 .
tr	O	He made sure this time and the vicar responded as he half turned his head over his left shoulder .
tr	I	She met them at the clinic and Nik had called Ice 's mom .
tr	O	Dillon was not familiar with any black girls but he thought immediately that this one was very beautiful .
tr	O	Together , the two got the log rocking , but they still couldn 't dislodge it .
tr	O	There have been differences between their moralities , but these have never amounted to anything like a total difference .
tr	I	We ran and I grabbed Beth 's hand .
tr	O	The burn on your neck is pretty deep , but I don 't think the scar will be major after a few weeks .
tr	O	I had actually planned on staying away from her , but that was when it was on my terms .
tr	O	Our gazes met , and suddenly all I could see was the hole in Maya 's chest .
tr	O	Jay chose to look away and Robert continued .
tr	I	She knew the plan was hopeless and one look into Brighid 's eyes .
tr	I	She has not returned but I look for Miriam .
tr	I	It has to be close , but the view might not be as good as Montana .
tr	I	Her face showed few signs of aging , but strands of silver hair lined her temples .
tr	I	He takes a deep breath , and Michel 's heart is pounding at an alarming rate .
tr	O	The paramedics arrived and things got even more hectic .
tr	I	So I thought at the time -- or there was nothing to get excited about .
tr	I	Red lasers formed bars , illuminating the small area with an eerie cerise glow , and a lock clicked in place .
tr	I	The roll fell to the dusty road , and he missed .
tr	O	I don 't know if that makes sense , but it 's how most of them do it .
tr	I	It could be my imagination but he seems to eyeball me .
tr	I	I dared to nod my head and some silent communication passed between us .
tr	I	That didn 't make it better , but well , he was probably right .
tr	O	Watching his daughter 's pain , his heart nearly ripped in two , but there 'd be no healing without tearing each other apart first .
tr	I	Lou Dell closed the door and they shuffled backward .
tr	O	Since I don 't venture out much , I haven 't bothered to groom myself and the beard does cover some of the scars .
tr	O	He retired to his bedroom and I retired to the smaller bedroom .
tr	O	I 'm warning you that your potential for attracting women is a dangerous gift and it has yet even to reach its full potency .
tr	I	After a week of no response , I quit , but I called to thank them for picking me up .
tr	O	The air was musty and the room smelled like it hadn 't been used in ages .
tr	I	Tears rolled down his face and his chest heaved .
tr	O	I was getting chilly in my leotard , but I didn 't pull the covers over me .
tr	O	Before heading to breakfast , he checked his voice mail , but there were no calls from the P.I. in Texas .
tr	O	Two bows were on you at all times , but they were handled by adults .
tr	I	That was all and to him she was his baby sister .
tr	O	Everything about him was perfect , and strangely , she found him even more dazzling now that he was no longer a billionaire .
tr	O	She was thinner and I didn 't like it .
tr	I	As you can see , are many in number , and they are very protective .
tr	I	His gaze drifted beyond her out the kitchen window , and his voice sounded full of longing .
tr	O	I wasn 't in a charitable mood to begin with and this just made it worse .
tr	O	Dr. Warren doesn 't say anything , but she hands me the yellow pill .
tr	I	She had no feelings for him whatsoever , and this man was her husband , her husband .
tr	O	None of us are from Memphis , but we have grown to love it .
tr	I	That was when I realized the awful truth , and I slept soundly until the morning wakeup chimes .
tr	I	I have to stay until we can sort them out and things here are still messy .
tr	I	He feels it 's not his place but I have asked Alfred to take him aside .
tr	O	I didn 't want to do it this way , but you 've made it necessary .
tr	I	There 's silence between us and I sit down .
tr	O	I don 't see any military personnel , but I feel them .
tr	I	He was right , but I still couldn 't believe that I 'd let everything with Stryker happen .
tr	I	I hope for the latter , but I can 't know which theory is true .
tr	I	They hadn 't left either , but they hadn 't detected him .
tr	I	All of them had been from the safe , warm confines of a Vermont ski lodge , but she 'd seen plenty of snowstorms .
tr	I	Something is up and I 'm back in the warden 's office .
tr	I	His hands got tighter in my hair , and felt him get even harder through the layer of denim separating us .
tr	O	The spin had become erratic , and the ship began to wobble like a buckled wheel .
tr	I	I do have a room that you 're more than welcome to stay in for the night , but I 'm afraid they 're all full .
tr	I	I was amongst dried out tumbleweeds and the sand in this dried gully was loose .
tr	I	They 'll assume we know nothing , but we will understand everything they say .
tr	I	She already did plenty of free babysitting , and she would never accept money from me .
tr	I	Goose bumps shivered through him , and an expectant hum washed over the room .
tr	I	It 's filled with your pictures , and she lives in a nice apartment .
tr	I	His cool lips are at my ear and I feel calmer as the bed dips .
tr	O	I was embarrassed at the thought of having friends come over , and I blamed my dad for that .
tr	O	They were introduced to it one by one , and if they couldn 't handle it they were taken out .
tr	O	He had not anticipated receiving such kindness from the enemy , but there it was nonetheless .
tr	O	He laughed , but it was the boy in the corner who answered .
tr	O	His mouth was dry and his vision was blurred .
tr	I	His lips parted , and her eyes met his .
tr	I	She didn 't touch him , but Beside Dominic , Solange moved a little closer , as if to console him .
tr	O	Time has not dulled the pain , and it has not ended the dreams .
tr	O	Moody waves confused his memories but he knew several things .
tr	O	She would ask herself if she still loved Paolo , and she would answer that she did .
tr	O	My cheeks turned red and I quickly looked away .
tr	I	I 'm too focused on getting my coat because I 'm so cold , but I 'm vaguely aware that someone might be saying something to me .
tr	I	He was beginning to doubt he ever would and when he was going to have his fill of her , he didn 't know .
tr	O	I do not see any Lurkers , but I smell them .
tr	I	She didn 't want to wait , and she had made up her mind .
tr	O	Cade 's eyes warned him to say no more and he nodded in receipt of the silent message .
tr	O	I leaned in a little more , and he held me tighter in response .
tr	I	She wanted to teach me history , and I wanted to learn to fight .
tr	I	He paled , but Logan didn 't look at me .
tr	O	Night had landed , and the village was now in utter silence .
tr	O	He was curious about the note that John had written but he did not have the courage to open the envelope .
tr	O	He had done his very best to wriggle out of tonight 's visit , but his mother had been insistent .
tr	I	He was staring out the window at something and his hands were braced on his hips .
tr	O	Kristen is a cheerleader and I understand she 's well liked .
tr	O	Their manner was as aloof as reputation made that of all aviators , and unlike James they showed no signs of unbending towards him .
tr	O	The coach saw Lea start to approach the fallen Centaur , and the coach knew exactly what Lea was going to do .
tr	O	His reactions are quick and he grabs a hold of it again .
tr	O	I haven 't had a lot of contact with him , but he 's been courteous .
tr	I	That annoyed him and he 'd failed to locate the girl .
tr	O	The door retracted with silent speed and Seldon took a step back at the surprising flood of light from within .
tr	I	His .38 were missing and both the list of names Nic had given me .
tr	O	She disappeared from view , and the empty silence that followed suffocated him .
tr	O	Jack found a lounge , washed his face , and then he felt better .
tr	I	The doors slid open , and the airtight seal popped .
tr	I	There was no humor in it , but Emily huffed quietly beside me at Kara 's hypocrisy .
tr	I	Her bottoms are brightly colored , like pajama pants , but her top is medical green .
tr	O	I have gotten practiced at ignoring such things , and I do it again now .
tr	O	My stomach turned , and my fists clenched .
tr	O	Their fans followed along , and the atmosphere was electric .
tr	I	I arose early to continue my preparations , and I didn 't sleep very much that night .
tr	I	They all looked shocked to see me , and I recognized most of them .
tr	O	I twist trying to break free but they hold me tighter .
tr	O	I remember this one time during a Moral Education lesson when we were discussing social habits and I was asked to state one .
tr	O	He thinks I killed Joshua because he knocked vinegar on me , and I drove my mother away with a gun .
tr	I	His patience slipped another notch and his eyes narrowed under his drawn brows .
tr	O	He felt the pressure increasing , but there was still no movement .
tr	O	The nurses will give you medication for pain , and an instruction sheet explaining what to watch for in the next couple of days .
tr	O	I love you , and I need you .
tr	I	She felt magnificent in them so she was determined to wear them no matter what , but these shoes were higher than what she was used to .
tr	O	They continued on in this manner for several days and nothing truly remarkable happened .
tr	I	Her legs didn 't move , but she tried to run after them .
tr	I	The narrow beam of light sure slowed her heartbeat down to a steady beat , but the flashlights didn 't banish all of the shop 's gloom .
tr	O	It was actually a nice night for a walk and she slowed her pace , breathing in the air .
tr	I	He was fixated on the scene across the room but I tried to get him to meet my eyes .
tr	O	Brant was not comforted by the words , but he was comforted by the presence of his neighbors , most of whom had experienced similar heartaches .
tr	O	Fade pressed into a flat sprint , and I flew beside him .
tr	O	As she turned away , the bleak desert faded away and she opened her eyes .
tr	I	It doesn 't belong here , but it 's O.K. if he wants to talk like that himself !
tr	O	He wasn 't yearning for Laura anymore , and he 'd be damned if he wasted another moment of his life .
tr	O	Iris wilted , and her eyes grew red .
tr	I	I can 't wait and Sean promises when they go on tour that he will take me with them .
tr	I	He figured he would have enough time to get the house ready before his prospect arrived , and there was plenty of space for parking .
tr	I	The expression quickly softened , but Dak looked at him sharply , as if he assumed the boy was mocking him .
tr	I	I was kind of stuck , but I didn 't exactly black out .
tr	I	He planned to try , but Jonah had no idea if they 'd ever be able to recover it .
tr	O	His hands warmed at the thought of touching her again and his mouth craved the taste of her .
tr	O	I wanted to tell them to get out but there wasn 't any chance they 'd listen .
tr	O	I expected a backwater primitive community if anything at all and here we are living like the kings .
tr	O	The door to Dad 's room was slightly closed , and the whispers from inside made me stop to listen .
tr	O	She didn 't think this could be called a friendship exactly , but she didn 't necessarily mind having him around either .
tr	I	He was close to having a beard , and his stubble had grown in even more .
tr	I	A silence fell over the chamber , and Sebastian left the room .
tr	I	She heard nothing else , but she could hear the steady hum of air blowing through vents as she closed the door behind her .
tr	O	He drops his forehead to mine and we grab hold of each other 's faces , looking desperately into each other 's eyes .
tr	O	It could kill again if it wanted , but for the moment it needed to rest .
tr	O	I recognized a guy from my science class , but the rest were strangers .
tr	I	It 's clearly far more powerful , but this whole thing is smaller than the earbuds I used when I went running before school .
tr	I	I was not the one trapped in the car and I was still scarred from it .
tr	O	He puts his hands around my waist and we walk together to the kitchen .
tr	I	God , I loved him so much , but he might not love me anymore .
tr	I	In the ensuing trauma it had never occurred to him , but he should have thought of that himself .
tr	I	I don 't say anything , but I 've been to far too many hospitals these past few years .
tr	I	She clung to his arms , and her body came to life .
tr	I	The atmosphere between them had changed , but they worked in somewhat comfortable silence .
tr	O	The grand jury will give its verdict in the morning , but it 's just a formality now .
tr	I	Somehow , without making any sound , Quin had completely disappeared , but Clyde looked everywhere .
tr	O	I wasn 't , but Tommy Cray was .
tr	O	It may have only been forty something degrees , but I was still cold .
tr	I	Its jaw was far more massive with muscle , and it had serrated ridges of horn on its stark cheekbones .
tr	I	She 'd be labeled a whore all over again and if anyone saw her , they 'd be scandalized .
tr	O	They 're doing what they can , but I doubt he 's a priority .
tr	O	Beast growled and he smiled .
tr	I	Now at least he could start healing , and she 'd ripped off the bandage .
tr	O	She felt controlled by things way beyond her understanding and Quinlan also resented this similar experience invading his world .
tr	I	He lowered the violin to his side , and Gabriel 's mouth twisted wryly again .
tr	O	Verlaine turned from her locker , at first merely blase , but her expression shifted into concern as Nadia pushed toward her .
tr	O	It had been over a year but Mitch hadn 't changed a bit .
tr	O	The man knew how to cover his tracks but I knew he would only bend the rules so far for me .
tr	O	We know it could have been an accident , but then leavin ' the scene of an accident escalates it to a serious crime .
tr	I	People went and people came .
tr	I	You must leave here , but you 're safe now .
tr	I	It did look as if I was running away , and I explained to her that the Captain had rules .
tr	I	He stepped in front of her , but she tried to walk around him .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure about these circumstances , but personal rights seemed to be shrinking all the time .
tr	O	She wanted to be more than friends and she was tired of waiting .
tr	O	While I 'm at it , I order up some breakfast , or whatever meal this is supposed to be .
tr	I	It relaxed her , knowing he was carrying on normally and he continued eating .
tr	I	He couldn 't make out the problem , but he knew something was happening to them again .
tr	I	Her features softened and she turned toward Julian .
tr	I	It didn 't , but I narrowed my eyes on my right arm , trying to change into a blade .
tr	O	He leaves and we wait .
tr	O	I tried to wriggle away , but he held me in place .
tr	I	Justin stumbled backward , tossing the stick as he fell to the ground and the black mud erupted .
tr	I	They rarely spoke about themselves , never let her in on the bond they shared but the two were best friends .
tr	I	She could feel heat and her hair blew around her face .
tr	I	I can lend them my strength , but I may not take them with me .
tr	I	Winkler was right behind him and Weldon was behind me now .
tr	I	He gazed down at the jewel longingly , as though in a trance , and his head bobbed askew .
tr	O	She was as beautiful as an African priestess , and she was grinning wickedly .
tr	I	He was not alone but Sam was waiting at the altar .
tr	O	I tried to reach out to them with my mind , but for some reason I couldn 't get them to answer .
tr	O	She had blue eyes , and there were tears in them , such as you have in yours now .
tr	I	His disdain was clear , but Dexter smiled .
tr	O	I want to disagree but I keep my mouth shut .
tr	O	I asked you to find him and you evidently did .
tr	I	I kept silent , and my saner side took over before I could confess anything I 'd later regret .
tr	O	She didn 't know anymore , but she couldn 't stay here .
tr	I	Henry said that , and Henry said this !
tr	I	There was no response , but a long while passed .
tr	I	They weren 't caused by laughter , but Justin had tears in his eyes too .
tr	I	My voice shook a little , but I tried to act casual .
tr	O	He told me he hadn 't kept track and he doesn 't seem all that switched on .
tr	O	I want to curse , but I don 't like the idea of swearing in front of Nicole .
tr	I	It scared him , and since then Finn had felt that feeling in all kinds of places .
tr	O	She 'd gotten mad at me before , of course , and her disappointment over the years had become impossible to bear .
tr	O	I say hello to Suzy 's parents as Lorena and I walk to Suzy 's bedroom .
tr	O	Amber didn 't dare look to see who stood there , but she did hear Fin 's voice .
tr	O	An eerie laugh was heard , but the person was not seen .
tr	O	Lina was pretty positive that wasn 't the case , but all the same , she would stay in London .
tr	I	It made her forget the darkness , around her but it was a silly story .
tr	I	He nodded , and the healer 's silver eyes went to Jacques ' .
tr	O	The house creaked and she jumped in fear .
tr	O	I searched the flow of customers but Aimee was nowhere to be seen .
tr	O	He is everything , and you are nothing .
tr	I	There 's pressure under my arms and Holder is yelling .
tr	I	Marcus smiled and I joked .
tr	O	Liz had questioned Luanne at length about it , and Luanne had finally admitted that it was like flying invisibly through the air .
tr	O	I glance back at Sean , wanting to run back to him , but there is no way I can free myself from their grip .
tr	O	A photographer started snapping pictures and an officer began stringing yellow crime scene tape .
tr	O	Go ten feet to the right of that and that is test pit C .
tr	I	It was less now , but there still was some .
tr	I	I just held her , and she continued to cry .
tr	I	He was smiling at them warmly , and before them stood Gabriel the angel in heavenly splendor .
tr	O	She want to ask where he was going at this point of hour , but it just stayed on her thoughts .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure of who he was , but as we communicated , I felt like I knew him , knew his voice .
tr	I	Amy playfully pulled at Bill and they stepped into the shower .
tr	I	Your father is a man to be reckoned with in the modern world and your mother is of an ancient Exalted family .
tr	I	The vapor made her eyes water and Sarah forced herself to take a deep breath .
tr	O	His uncle came to his rescue , but that was short-lived due to monetary pressure from the Colony over Martha Blake 's debt .
tr	I	He didn 't quit but he was puffing hard .
tr	O	Membership was free , and drop-ins were welcome .
tr	O	I respect you , and I respect them .
tr	O	We finished breakfast without saying another word , and then we walked out together .
tr	O	He could not remember falling asleep , but waking up with her in his arms was a pleasant surprise .
tr	I	At this stage he was willing to let her set the parameters of their relationship , but he wasn 't happy about it .
tr	I	Now it did , yet something was troubling her ; sadness had never layered her voice before .
tr	O	In truth , he didn 't hit me hard , but I stil fel .
tr	I	He would abide by them and they 'd set the parameters .
tr	O	The sun was high overhead and as Marwan ran , he realized that the morning had passed .
tr	O	I took his hand and he lifted me out of bed , pulling me close to him .
tr	O	A car door slammed and the dog pointed inside the house .
tr	I	His eyes nearly popped , and Matthew leaned closer to see .
tr	O	After Tate left , Mom wanted to stay , but I told her we would be all right .
tr	I	It wasn 't good and he was going crazy .
tr	I	One of the men stepped out and the passenger door opened .
tr	I	Preston grabbed me by my hair , but I started to lunge after him .
tr	I	I won 't lose you to it , but I don 't doubt it .
tr	I	You yourself are swaying on your feet , and we have nearly foundered our horses trying to get here .
tr	I	Then I don 't know what happened , but he came to visit me at first .
tr	O	She was going to become the best there was , and she would find a way to find him .
tr	O	He 'd gone to all the effort of getting them tickets , and she 'd left before the game was half over .
tr	O	Her throat burned with the intensity of the yells , but still nothing came to her aid .
tr	O	I start to chase after her , but a Frisbee smacks me in the side of the head .
tr	I	She didn 't acknowledge him , but when she saw him , he tipped his hat at her .
tr	O	The ones we lost flashed across my mind and I allowed it .
tr	I	His touch would make him the target , and the magic wanted to bleed someone , anyone .
tr	I	Those delicious lips pruned up like an old maid 's , and her eyes widened in shock .
tr	O	Eventually Whitney was going to find himself without too many friends and then , for the first time , he 'd truly be vulnerable .
tr	I	None of you will leave the Section , and Bentley will stay with you .
tr	I	A second vine snatched the cane away , but he tried to beat it off with his cane .
tr	I	Their footsteps trailed away and the men laughed .
tr	I	He said he was fine , said he wasn 't hungry , but the nurse told Ethan that he should return to his room .
tr	I	Curiosity almost made her let him go first and what he had to say she could not imagine .
tr	O	His smile made her gasp as the menace disappeared and she saw what a handsome man he actually was .
tr	I	She would need her car whenever that happened , but she didn 't plan on leaving anytime soon .
tr	O	He 'd tried that before , and he 'd failed miserably .
tr	O	Something about the language soothed me , and I hoped it would soothe Violet .
tr	I	He pinned her with a glare of his own and his lips tightened .
tr	O	You want me and I want you .
tr	O	I considered talking to the counselor about my dreams , about how I 'd live in them if I could , but I never brought it up .
tr	O	His whiney 10-year-old voice was irritating me and I just wanted him to leave me alone .
tr	I	The paralysis seems permanent , but the bones are healing .
tr	I	I 'll need your Jeep , but I 'll leave you there .
tr	I	He was too tired to care , but she gave Eli a sour look .
tr	O	There was a question written on his face , but I didn 't say anything .
tr	I	His expression grew hard , and he seemed to consider the matter for several moments , then he straightened .
tr	O	A whirring in the periphery of her consciousness grew in volume and she recognized it as an approaching helicopter .
tr	O	Another soldier ran out of a tent , rifle in hand , but a bullet slammed into his head before he could cause any harm .
tr	O	I 'd been walking to the clubhouse to get a soda for my break and I 'd seen the whole thing .
tr	O	He pointed at the pictures and Mitchell held them up again .
tr	O	We can make it through the night , but what happens when the new day arrives ?
tr	O	Olivia wrapped her legs around his waist , deepening the sensation , and moved with the pace Alexander set .
tr	I	He continued to study my face as he ate , but the interrogation had to stop when Charlie began chewing .
tr	O	A single stone lantern stood as part of the railing , and some tastefully placed plants lined the corners .
tr	I	I tossed the thing into the fire and with a sudden twist of my hands all resistance ceased .
tr	O	She seemed faintly infused with that same pale blue light , but the absolutely white lock at her brow was not pale .
tr	I	She wouldn 't stay long , and she wouldn 't go alone .
tr	I	It 's the way things were , but this wasn 't fair .
tr	I	Then the old man took Paul 's , and Sofia took Master George 's hand .
tr	I	I do have to take into consideration al you have recently accomplished , but I 'm not sure it wil be enough .
tr	I	There was nothing he could say , but Archie opened his mouth to reply .
tr	O	He made him feel guilty and he got what he wanted .
tr	I	He certainly had no recollection of it , but he must have breathed on the way .
tr	I	I can 't say the evening was a total bust , but I 'm sorry the ... um , employment didn 't work out .
tr	I	She spread the various charts over Renton 's desk , and Stephanie had a first cut at sorting the internet threads which Frank had referred to .
tr	I	He wanted to know the real story and the few facts available were incomplete .
tr	I	The rumors of his greatness could be heard to the farthest ends of the universe , but he had never personally met Anon .
tr	I	It was no longer any better here , but he emerged into the loft .
tr	O	I didn 't believe it at first , but now it 's all clear to me .
tr	I	That doesn 't deter Layla from charging ahead , but my mom points the machine gun at Layla .
tr	O	Raj could keep an eye on him while you work and he would make sure Dan is safe from any trouble .
tr	I	Something made him wait , watch , not speak but when she did not respond , he opened his mouth to ask again .
tr	I	He slapped it against his chest and she tossed her ID at Kody .
tr	I	There is no place to hide her , but Blaze gets Fia up .
tr	O	Heat flooded her cheeks but she was glad he 'd noticed .
tr	O	The clouds were out and the moon was completely concealed .
tr	O	My particular interest lies in the field of time space and how we must keep it on it 's due coarse .
tr	O	The course had been altered , and that had never happened before .
tr	I	I couldn 't do that , but I 'd been hired to do a job .
tr	I	Somehow that seemed very weird , and her fingernails were polished red .
tr	O	Yes , I knew that was a whole lot of wishful , naive thinking , but any options were better than no options .
tr	I	Tom said he had thought of the same thing , and I mentioned my electronic brain idea .
tr	O	She had not demanded this because for her the timing was not right but the fact that she could was part of our psychological contract .
tr	O	His breath came haltingly , and then at last the fire started to drain from his face .
tr	I	He 'd never experienced more than a few inches at one time , but his father had told him about great snow storms back in Scotland .
tr	I	Him sitting up , and we were side by side , me lying down .
tr	I	I can look at him freely and I take the moment to study him when his mind is elsewhere .
tr	I	He began to feel a weight pull down on him , but he finally got close .
tr	I	The restraints vanished from his arms , and he was struggling .
tr	I	He signs the word yes , and his eyes get all shimmery .
tr	O	You are no agent , and you are no daughter .
tr	I	It had something to do with the scene outside the ship and something was going on with those two .
tr	I	Wherever I was was silent as the grave , and the smell of smoke hung in the air .
tr	I	I quickly try to push it out and the name Matthew pops into my head .
tr	O	It was the gentlest of tugs , and when she automatically pulled it back , the tugging stopped immediately .
tr	O	The phone clicked off and silence invaded the room , each lost in their own thoughts .
tr	I	This time was more difficult than the other two , but it was the third time she had navigated it .
tr	O	When Gary shivered , Gregori blinked , and the illusion was gone .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop and I thought of my dad .
tr	I	He had found it hard to sleep with it on , but he should have been wearing the preserver all the time .
tr	O	He had a plan , and darkness was a crucial element .
tr	I	The Watchers had to contain it , blah , blah , blah , and there was exposure .
tr	I	I felt my insides melt at his words and Bryce leaned down to kiss me .
tr	I	It set her lips wobbling , and somehow she skipped a breath .
tr	I	My discomfort makes me bold , and I don 't like being confused .
tr	I	They were all taller than I , and it made the room seem oppressively crowded .
tr	I	I meant it , and I already apologized .
tr	O	It 's a small start , but it 's a good idea !
tr	O	Every day of his life , Dex was uniquely himself , and he didn 't care what people said about it .
tr	I	He shrugged defensively , and he glanced up to catch Deuce 's disbelieving eye .
tr	I	Company employ that he was not Joe Fortuna and he left it to them to break the news to the supposedly shocked Frist .
tr	I	The girls just stared back , undaunted , but Emma tried to give them the nastiest look she could .
tr	I	Samara turned to see the rifle barrel tapping on the glass and suddenly there was a knock at the side of his window .
tr	I	His drunken friend had mangled and I felt physically ill from all of the graphic descriptions of the bodies he .
tr	I	He 's dead serious , but I think he 's playing at first .
tr	O	I chance a look at her face and the fear is evident .
tr	O	The concussion erased my memory of the trauma , and that was that .
tr	I	Save her ... and corrupt her .
tr	O	He had faced death countless times but he had never been this terrified .
tr	I	They are going to ship some to us first thing in the morning and we have contacted the pharmaceutical company .
tr	O	He was so achingly gorgeous she had no defenses against him , and the tenderness of his gaze shattered what was left of her heart .
tr	I	She felt dizzy and her pulse quickened .
tr	O	It wasn 't the best way to start off an evening , and Anna was a nervous wreck by the time Jake arrived to pick her up .
tr	I	I asked him if he could tell me what courses Liz had been taking in her first graduate semester , but I know it 's not legal .
tr	I	Neither of you has openly acted on it , but your animosity toward each other has long existed .
tr	I	When Sophia saw me , she dropped a cup , and one day I 'd come down to breakfast smiling .
tr	I	He didn 't know how , but having inadvertently hurt him , Nick wanted to make Bubba feel better .
tr	O	He didn 't say anything , but she hadn 't expected him to .
tr	I	He went wild and I showed it to Max .
tr	I	Chad collided with Marky , and the little beast dodged right .
tr	I	She was a joy to be around , and she had a bright , sunny personality .
tr	I	His arm wrapped around my chest , and then I felt him move behind me .
tr	I	Now she had a tiny baby in her arms , and Sheila had been heavily pregnant when she left .
tr	I	He held on tight , but she wriggled in his arms .
tr	I	She also didn 't pry but mom was concerned about this .
tr	I	I still don 't know if it 's true , but the thought has occurred to me many times over the years .
tr	I	I stepped inside and the doors opened .
tr	I	Gretchen saw movement , and another rock flew .
tr	O	There was a man in human form standing near to the Captain and he turned around .
tr	I	My initial reaction was disappointment , but I didn 't know exactly what to expect .
tr	O	Unfortunately they didn 't have time now and he wasn 't in university anymore .
tr	I	The boy was attractive and there was no-one around .
tr	O	Amelia reached for it , but No Tooth whipped his hand behind his back .
tr	O	He flicked his cigarette bud over the edge and the little flickering orange glow burned its way out of sight .
tr	I	He still looked pretty sick , and Jenn had said he wouldn 't be in all week .
tr	O	The disruptor in her hand flashes with a wild shine , and someone screams in agony .
tr	O	She yells joyfully , and Rick suddenly clamps a hand over her mouth , silencing her .
tr	O	He laughed as he opened the kitchen door and they both hurried into the warmth .
tr	O	Isaac 's eyes sparkled and his cheeks turned slightly red .
tr	O	It was a cold night in New York City , and it was snowing .
tr	O	She leaned back - and the chair crashed beneath her , startling her .
tr	I	They can run the quarter mile at over two hundred miles per hour in about four seconds , and the boats are killer .
tr	I	I 'd be phoning someone , anyone or I needed to get out of the house .
tr	O	It didn 't feel anything at first but it came anyway .
tr	I	Nothing ominous materialized , and a week passed .
tr	O	The soldiers weren 't pointing their guns at him , but they had them nervously at the ready .
tr	I	The time stretched out in slow motion , but the gorilla encounter had lasted only a handful of minutes .
tr	I	That 's where Julia went while he slept , but Elijah wants to go to the Pantheon .
tr	I	Jacy 's eyebrows rose slightly and suddenly the the stillness broke .
tr	I	I was excited to meet her in person and we had already talked on the phone several times .
tr	I	He didn 't say anything else , but Owen nodded .
tr	I	He still considered leaving the stables , but he sighed with relief when he saw no sign of one .
tr	I	She was sharp , but she was numb .
tr	I	They could not provide a true way of life for her , but they could offer shelter .
tr	O	A palisade of sharpened poles lined the river 's edge , and a number of floating docks extended out into the water .
tr	O	She nodded and he interlocked his fingers to create a step for her .
tr	I	He deserved the truth , but Honesty always was .
tr	I	The sound of galloping hooves grew louder , and the dots turned into horses as they drew closer .
tr	O	She 's laughing , but her voice has a hysterical note .
tr	I	They both knew this was it and a heavy glance passed between them .
tr	I	I felt a familiar flutter begin to bloom deep in my pelvis , and my stomach muscles tightened .
tr	O	His blue eyes meet mine , and they 're full of sadness .
tr	O	She pondered for a moment what those people knew that made their eyes sing with joy , and she feared she might never find it .
tr	O	She wanted to believe what he said , but he 'd made so many promises before .
tr	O	Curtis grinned at me , and I smiled back weakly .
tr	O	Cameron made Daniel drop the subject , but he was tight - lipped for the rest of the day .
tr	O	I just needed to lie down and that was exactly what I did .
tr	O	That , thought Seldon , was a good touch , but suddenly he missed the sun itself .
tr	I	She was asking him for advice , not me , but I was supposed to be the man of the family .
tr	O	She runs to the desk on her four-inch Louboutin heels , and they clack against the floor .
tr	I	It was worse in a way really and this was a different feeling from that .
tr	O	He was Ryan , my Ryan , and I had to stay away from him .
tr	O	Kylie could handle Holiday 's intervention , but not this bozo 's , who was doing the dirty with her mom .
tr	O	My dad always read it over breakfast , and I knew enough not to touch it .
tr	I	You can give your butt a rest , and Ha ha , yes , nearly there .
tr	I	I started to get aroused , and that was the sexiest thing coming from her .
tr	I	Adela stepped in and the door opened .
tr	O	It was the best possible option , and one I hadn 't thought of .
tr	I	Peter started in with the massage and I sat down .
tr	I	A Dom didn 't mean he could sit on his ass all day twiddling his thumbs and being a wealthy businessman .
tr	I	He arched his back , and I traced his spine with my finger .
tr	I	Sarah looked mortified at his lack of talent , and he found himself involuntarily dancing as he walked .
tr	O	Her head swam , and she had the sudden sensation of falling , which made her clutch at his waist .
tr	O	It gave people the ability to pursue their dreams , and her dreams were expensive .
tr	O	His slow deliberate passes with the knife were not an unpleasant interlude , but rather proved to be equally arousing .
tr	O	Come to my house and I 'll make you dinner .
tr	O	His fingers drummed against the tabletop and he shifted in his seat .
tr	O	Azalea was about to get upset about Jaiden having her notebook , but there was no way she was going to forget about this .
tr	I	Eventually she had him there , but something that wasn 't exactly easy to do , since he appeared to weigh a small ton .
tr	I	It won 't come out and it 's going in my pocket .
tr	I	I wanted to know everything about him , but we 'd been at it for hours .
tr	O	Gansey had no idea what Ronan had just said , but he was certain from Ronan 's smirk that it wasn 't entirely polite .
tr	I	I turned my head away and he tilted his head ever so slowly toward me .
tr	O	He thought about the other members of his research team , now dead , and his grip on the joystick tightened again .
tr	I	I still wrinkled my nose , but I 'd seen a lot of gross stuff in my day .
tr	I	They weren 't used to being away from them , and many men had families in town .
tr	I	She was gone , and one day I came home from work .
tr	I	I always kept hoping that , maybe , maybe , I 'd get reassigned to Greece , but I went to St. Petersburg instead .
tr	I	He hardly looked it , damn him , but he was nearly a decade older than her twenty-seven .
tr	O	The distress was apparent on his face , yet he seemed determined all in the same .
tr	I	A few minutes later I saw the purple from Meagan 's shirt and we trekked along the path as quickly as we could .
tr	I	I scanned the building , and my head whipped up .
tr	O	I have a million questions , but I 'm also terrified .
tr	O	Madeline hadn 't allowed anyone to bring weapons inside her mansion , but the shattered end of a champagne flute made for a good enough knife .
tr	O	Pierre raised his voice to his captain and he raised a dark brow in question .
tr	O	The sudden lack of contact distracts me , and in a flash , my silhouettes disappear .
tr	I	I helped him , but at first I felt very strange , then I kind of got into it , then later I felt strange again .
tr	O	Once the Earthling is forced from his hiding spot he is engulfed in a bright light and the chase is on again .
tr	O	I wasn 't going to change my mind , but I wasn 't exactly cut out for torture .
tr	O	A snake slithered along the nearest tree branch and tiny bright frogs stared with round dark eyes .
tr	O	Mitch nodded , but the mud continued oozing its way up his pant leg .
tr	O	He closed his eyes briefly , and the shame washed over his features .
tr	O	Your daddy loves you very , very much , but he can 't take care of you anymore .
tr	I	I didn 't think he 'd do that to me , but Eric sure had some big blank moral blind spots .
tr	I	I mentally gagged and the parade filled the screen .
tr	O	She dreaded the thought of walking back in there , but if job services had sent them ... well Jim needed the help .
tr	O	Her hands were tied , and they both knew it .
tr	I	She had no doubt they were from Austin , but there 'd been no notes , nothing .
tr	I	Then he asks for the paper Sean handed me , but they both disregard me after a few more questions .
tr	O	My poor life , so painfully reconstructed , and it was all about to be destroyed .
tr	O	They trusted Leppard despite his gruff demeanour and they all liked him .
tr	I	A blindness crept in upon her , and then all at once the terrible yearning from the dream returned , her whole body shuddered .
tr	O	He followed my lead , and I wanted to hug him for his quiet footsteps .
tr	I	I was determined to keep a clear head , but I longed for another pain pill that would kill it entirely .
tr	O	It 's the first time we 've really looked at each other since this nightmare began , and instead of anger , I feel an unexpected longing .
tr	O	Add in his voice , and Kira felt consumed just being near him .
tr	I	I let out a relieved breath and all the email updates were good .
tr	I	He noticed her dimples and she gave him a warm smile .
tr	I	Her smile was wide , and her cheeks were a lovely pink .
tr	O	Her nails grazed his skin , and electricity burned down his spine , making him shift in his seat .
tr	O	I tried to pull free , but he tightened his grip .
tr	O	This Christmas he was photographing European cities in their holiday best , and he 'd be gone nearly the entire month of December .
tr	O	Probably he had disturbed her when he 'd gotten up , and that had allowed the heat to intrude on her consciousness .
tr	I	That anger was growing fast with every second he was away from Jackie , and he was pissed .
tr	I	It was her turn and the fat lady left .
tr	O	He could scream , and she would not hear him .
tr	I	Then you come along , but most people still think of them as just stories .
tr	I	I don 't want to , but I 'm moving away from them .
tr	O	Ken is here , and Meg is away .
tr	O	Her stiffness was suddenly gone , and she pressed into him , her head turning to make his suckling easier .
tr	I	The town was still quiet , and it was mid-morning , though .
tr	I	She was staring at me , and I looked over at Clare .
tr	I	Opening them sent light splashing into the room , but they were a bit shaky after seventeen years .
tr	O	I was angry with him , but I didn 't want him to die .
tr	I	The stairs begins to flood with them as they all rush hungrily after us , and the uncountable number of walkers is ever increasing .
tr	I	The waves of dark power around him faltered , and Henry 's voice broke .
tr	O	I poked him in the ribs , and he gave an exaggerated wince .
tr	O	He glanced up at her as his fingers stilled , the music stopping , but Haven barely noticed .
tr	O	In the confined space she could smell his cologne and she was extremely aware of his nearness .
tr	I	His hair was plain brown and his skin was plain white .
tr	I	Colton could tell that he was staring directly at him , but his face was shrouded in darkness .
tr	O	The skin around her face grew loose as the swelling dissipated and her eyes were finally capable of opening all of the way .
tr	I	She knew she 'd find out soon , but Charlotte didn 't know how Jason would react .
tr	I	He was adamant that it was too dangerous to bother with and I talked to Dr. Whitney .
tr	I	She stood trembling , and the flames were out .
tr	O	Steam rose off the monster 's body , and the air smelled of putrid burned flesh .
tr	I	He didn 't show it , but Mr. Hall must be so proud of Grayson right now .
tr	O	All I knew was that the girl who was really in front of him was Dianna , but the reason behind the confrontation with Carson was unknown .
tr	I	I know I didn 't alert the police and there are three of us in on it .
tr	O	Some stayed longer than others , but I outlasted them all .
tr	O	There was a red scarf wrapped on his neck , and the tails were whipping violently in the strong wind .
tr	O	His brother had a right to his questions , and he needed assurances that Rand wouldn 't let him down this time .
tr	O	Her hair was a bit longer from the last time I saw her , and it was twisted up in a bun .
tr	O	He liked listening to her voice and despite their odd circumstances , she soothed his nerves .
tr	I	She 's fearful of Black , but Mel isn 't afraid of anyone .
tr	O	I helped out a friend of his and now he 's willing to give me a shot .
tr	I	I shivered for it , and I heard the anger there .
tr	I	Talon asked him how he achieved it , and it was a miracle of an accomplishment .
tr	O	The kids had told their parents , the police , but nobody believed them .
tr	I	She couldn 't defer them and their school expenses were legitimate .
tr	O	Austin nodded and he disappeared inside his room , closing the door behind him .
tr	O	It was a horrible Catch-22 , and it happened a lot .
tr	O	As she hesitated to accept , the number jumped and the phone buzzed to inform her of the change .
tr	O	Everyone looked around , waiting for someone to take the first step , and no one dared to meet my eyes .
tr	O	Fergus did , and Myron explained .
tr	I	He didn 't want to hear it , and he didn 't want to think it .
tr	O	She bites on her lip , mulling it over , and then her eyes lock on Luke .
tr	I	Life goes back to normal and you only have to change once .
tr	I	Yet he wanted a few more seconds of silence to let this sink in and David wasn 't surprised .
tr	I	It was too late but Roku ran at them .
tr	I	I 've been able to increase prices and over time I 've accumulated a loyal clientele .
tr	O	The calm receded almost instantly and the fury rushed back in .
tr	I	I was happy that they were , and they were there for me .
tr	I	I thanked him with my usual smile and the smoking pizzas smelt so good .
tr	I	She nodded and her lips made a thin line .
tr	I	He couldn 't stand the idea of becoming like that , and he seemed convinced that his own father had never wanted them .
tr	O	She hadn 't minded so much when she was younger and she 'd needed a boost to her ego .
tr	I	Twice their heavy truck had to be ferried across rivers by barge , and few bridges remained intact .
tr	O	Another man jumped upon the rope , and it swung like a pendulum .
tr	O	He claimed I was having a nightmare and he was only there to help me .
tr	O	Her laugh turned to a snort , and she caught her breath .
tr	O	We had climbed into some clouds and the earth was hidden from view .
tr	I	He jumped back in shock and something in the net shifted .
tr	O	I spoke in blood , and She answered .
tr	O	No one argued , and no one tried to stop us .
tr	I	No further evidence is needful and dispositions by King Richard were specifically revoked by King Henry .
tr	O	If her husband was here it would be easier , but the military soldier had to go missing while overseas .
tr	O	He 'd wanted to call her while he was away , but he wasn 't sure his frustration level could take the long distance communication .
tr	I	He was still not laughing but I tried to joke around .
tr	I	You set up the theft , and I haven 't assaulted anyone .
tr	O	I know exactly what I weigh ( 102 pounds ) , but I won 't let on that I care .
tr	O	The full weight of her pressed down on him , and she made no move to resist .
tr	I	I enfold my arms around him and he starts to unbutton his shirt .
tr	O	I will ask and you will answer .
tr	I	The sight of it melted the shell of pain that had surrounded my heart for so many days now , and his smile turned into something real .
tr	O	She had to convince him or all would be lost .
tr	O	Rolling into March , ratings for Riot were closing in on Burn , and the Internet proclaimed Revolution Wrestling as the future of the industry .
tr	I	I took pride in the fact that they were also afraid of us , but they may be kicking our asses .
tr	I	It 's one of the best in the country and it 's about an hour from here .
tr	I	I 'll never be able to get him the care he needs , but I make monthly payments .
tr	O	At the last moment the wall became a door to the outside world and a gust of wind blew Desmond 's wispy blonde hair every which way .
tr	I	I thought he might , too and I needed time alone to sort out my emotions .
tr	I	His eyes are pleading and I turn .
tr	I	Michaels could see several heavy rings adorning his fingers , and he was a large black man , bald , wearing an elegant pinstripe suit .
tr	I	They were so good , and they were the future .
tr	O	Her eyes opened and she found herself lying on the floor on the other side of the room .
tr	I	I felt the somber pall hanging over the campus , and the words spoken meant something .
tr	I	I 've got to tell you a guy couldn 't go wrong picking either and I looked at both the lovely creatures of boyhood fantasy .
tr	I	I got to my feet , but disappointment touched me .
tr	O	The eyes in the window had seemed so familiar ... but Emily had forced herself to believe they were just a figment of her imagination .
tr	O	Think negative thoughts and they will happen .
tr	I	That had just been rough foreplay but she 'd nipped him during sex .
tr	O	Any more of this absurd fighting , and he would have to dig his dignity out of the garbage .
tr	I	I needed to look for him and he wrote them down in case Cyril .
tr	O	He fell on his back and I landed on my knees .
tr	O	He 'd enjoyed her generous curves before , but this leaner version had its own appeal .
tr	I	In the background was the lodge that we 'd stayed at , and her smile was so full .
tr	I	He never made any moves on her back then , and they only went out on a few dates in college .
tr	I	I squeezed hers as much as I dared , and I felt her hand slip into mine .
tr	O	He pointed to the northern exit ramp and Isaac nodded .
tr	O	There wasn 't much to them , but they were mine , damn it .
tr	I	Davion set the box down , and Father Corin bowed his head .
tr	O	There was another ghastly gurgle and Shay deliberately turned her head .
tr	I	It made her squirm and she let herself process the statement .
tr	O	He thought he knew more , but actually teaching them about it ?
tr	O	I was no doctor , but I 'd never seen someone so bloody .
tr	I	Before they gave you such an awful sentence , he wouldn 't have , but he killed himself .
tr	O	I always knew it was a possibility that I might go on , but I figured it would be a night here , a night there .
tr	O	Rome had said the ' H ' word out loud in his father 's home and he 'd said it with his entire family in the room .
tr	O	You can 't let your uncle and his girlfriend hurt you anymore .
tr	I	She didn 't run , and my secret was out .
tr	I	You 're not safe and Jane 's not stable .
tr	I	She was laughing by the time they reached Brennan 's Jetta , and the medicine really worked .
tr	I	She still wakes up , peering up at me with bleary eyes , but I lay her down on her mattress as gently as I can .
tr	O	The protective suits ' helmets concealed our identities and I was pleased to see that the life-support systems were nearly fully charged .
tr	O	He started to stand , but I pulled him down .
tr	O	I shook my head and he laughed .
tr	O	The mayor 's phone rang again and he answered it quickly .
tr	O	The one in the middle was the largest , and it was where the line formed .
tr	O	Darren 's parents turned to face him , and Danni gave his hand an encouraging squeeze .
tr	O	They would starve and he would be unable to provide for her like the plans they had whispered in the dark over the last few months .
tr	O	I 'm Sergeant Brian Royce , but just about everybody calls me ' Rolls ' for some odd reason .
tr	O	The interior was dark , and for a moment , she was blinded by the dearth of illumination after the blaze of the massive ballroom chandeliers .
tr	O	Her eyes flashed fire , but she let him assist her the rest of the way .
tr	I	Droplets of blood spewed forth in a misty cloud , and the man 's head snapped languidly back .
tr	O	That will keep me busy and I won 't be alone .
tr	I	The fishnet tights , and she put in her one skirt , along with the shoes that matched it .
tr	O	There had never been any chemistry between them , but Stephan didn 't know that .
tr	O	Her cheeks flamed at the admission , but she sure as hell wasn 't going to let him walk out of the diner .
tr	I	After being involved in several attacks they were now calmer , but previously , they were afraid that he might have committed suicide .
tr	O	This bravery was entirely new to him and he didn 't want it to stop .
tr	I	Her chains rattled loudly through the room , and she put a hand on her hip .
tr	O	This is the last one , Fred , but I have to come up with you .
tr	O	Sally said , and Tony groaned .
tr	I	She ignored him , but Finn glared at her .
tr	I	Their skeins of slime looked slippery , but the rocks didn 't look sharp .
tr	O	The longing would have faded with time and you would have looked back on the experience as nothing more than a nightmare .
tr	I	I 'll have to suffer through another desolate month , and I have this nagging fear that you 'll run away from me again .
tr	I	He has yet to utter his first word , and we 've been hanging out for ten minutes .
tr	I	Mostly it was a deep black , but occasionally his aura would flash yellow .
tr	I	Mostly he was stealing sideways glances at her , but he pretended to be looking at the falls .
tr	O	I want you to understand , and I need your forgiveness .
tr	O	This is some real shit and we need to leave it up to the cops to find out .
tr	I	The man finally went away , and they mumbled their affirmative responses .
tr	O	Even my mother loves him , and she is impossible to impress .
tr	I	The only thing I could think of was your memory and there had to be a price paid for a miracle .
tr	I	They are not stupid , but those wraiths maybe dead .
tr	I	I 'm heading out either way , but we 'll wait until tomorrow to see if we can get confirmation of where Wren is .
tr	O	Terms abounded , but there was no rigid vocabulary .
tr	O	His hand traveled to her neck and he caressed her there .
tr	I	There was no way I was going to let Griffin take this choice away from him but Sean looked surprised .
tr	O	The water was colder than I liked , but I hadn 't been allowed to speak .
tr	O	The witch 's hair caught fire , and the woman screamed as she stumbled back .
tr	I	I can 't bear its weight with my right yet , but the gun feels unfamiliar in my left hand .
tr	O	The first group that passed was far too young for him to even try and he struggled back up onto his left foot .
tr	I	Right now he just wanted to hold her , but another time he would kiss her all over .
tr	O	The ship dipped down and Zook shouted as they barely missed a giant formation of coral .
tr	O	Hildy doesn 't elaborate on the reasons why , but she doesn 't need to .
tr	O	What he wants , he takes C and he normally wants the best of everything .
tr	O	He was at work all the time and I never saw him with anyone .
tr	I	I was trying to process it and he was letting all the information set in .
tr	I	Mother called her a lying little bitch , and when they got home , Ashley told Mother what happened .
tr	I	Her expression had already given it away , but she flushed , wanting to deny it .
tr	O	They continued to sleep together in Cole 's bed each night , but other than the cuddling , nothing physical had happened .
tr	I	Tony loved me , and I loved Tony .
tr	I	Reyes tried to kill himself enough already and her tragic voice could drive any man to suicide .
tr	O	It was bright that day , and Toby knew he struck a stern figure striding through the uninterrupted colourless drifts .
tr	O	I began to follow him , but he seemed to have vanished .
tr	O	I 'm a little annoyed at her request , but I comply .
tr	O	I was hoping to have a little more time before I had to explain , but I guess it was not to be .
tr	I	She took it without remembering that it wasn 't a good idea to touch him and he held out a hand .
tr	I	Their minds continued to struggle against it , to refuse the reality of it , but that pain was only beginning to hit them .
tr	O	Oliver had tried to tell her there was something special about her , too , and she 'd brushed him off .
tr	I	The urge inside him burned and he looked at her .
tr	I	He breathes out , hard , and I bite my lip briefly .
tr	O	I loved him fully but he loved me hesitantly .
tr	O	Few more meters away and she 'll be home .
tr	I	I regretted asking him and Victor grew a little tense .
tr	I	Jessie never bothered me , but I cried myself to sleep that night .
tr	O	The second half hour of the drive had cleared her mood a little , but her speech still came out no more significant than a tired whisper .
tr	I	My chin jerked up and several shots boomed .
tr	I	I even missed hanging out with Mitch , and it was hard to pretend like there was nothing between us .
tr	I	She took all of him and he plunged .
tr	I	The threat of rain had Gwen wondering where Neil was and it didn 't help that the wind had kicked up .
tr	O	Frankie had also agreed , since her family was out of state , and she hadn 't made any plans .
tr	I	No one had been home , but they 'd gone there first .
tr	O	The shock sent vibrations through his arms , and the sun beat down on his bare shoulders in the copse where the pines offered little shade .
tr	O	Don the Great helped Betty squeeze back through the window of the great metal door and fresh torches were supplied to her .
tr	I	She was rooted to the spot , but she needed to get out of here .
tr	I	She keeps hurting , and the hits keep coming .
tr	I	Rina rose , following him to the door and Norton scrambled to his feet .
tr	O	I wanted to say , But my hair is blue !
tr	O	My phone instantly rings again but I ignore it this time .
tr	O	I feel like I should have invited him around for Christmas but it got forgotten with everything else happening .
tr	O	The vision wavered and I caught my breath .
tr	I	Eve didn 't chalk that up to naivete as she did with most pious people , yet he clearly found strength in being devout .
tr	O	Ivy toppled over to one side and Rose grabbed a pillow , placing it beside the baby .
tr	O	Goosebumps crawled across her skin as she denied her impulse to pull away , and his huge lungs filled up with air .
tr	I	Their strikes were mortal , but they seemed possessed as they showed no mercy .
tr	O	He thought he saw her flinch but it was covered quickly by a defiant toss of her head .
tr	I	I have to save her , and if I freak out now , I 'll never make it to her .
tr	I	The truth was , he could have the place cleaned up much faster without their help , and they could not argue with William .
tr	O	She wasn 't bothered by what he disclosed , but she couldn 't sleep after she finished .
tr	I	Her eyes almost glowed in the darkness and she hesitated .
tr	I	Now he was moving in for the kill and Pierce had bewitched her with his caresses .
tr	I	Like Reyes 's , it was an ugly sound , and Danika laughed .
tr	O	Fighting a murder charge , but then flaunting multiple kidnappings : quite baffling .
tr	I	He 'd come after her anyway , and she 'd left him .
tr	I	He fluttered his eyelids , and his mouth dropped open .
tr	O	My hands eased off of his neck and I used them to cover my face .
tr	O	My uncle snapped his fingers , and Boo lumbered up the hill .
tr	O	Little hands looked over his body for clues to the trick , but none were found .
tr	O	Most of my effort was focused on remaining standing , and I only listened to her speak with half an ear .
tr	I	I was in love and one look into his dark sensuous eyes .
tr	I	Rather than kill you , I promise you will live for a very long time , and you are banished from this place .
tr	I	He nods , and I ask .
tr	I	She 'd worried about each one of them for days afterward , and she 'd had too many cancellations to count .
tr	O	The cliff was larger than the first , but there was no entrance to another tunnel that they could see at first .
tr	O	More people could be seen moving around inside , and music was playing , then it was gone .
tr	I	My heart stopped , and I read the small embossed name on the card .
tr	I	Edwin felt the floor tremble , and Thunder rumbled through the building .
tr	I	I did want to keep her close for the time being but I wasn 't quite ready for a long-term relationship with the woman .
tr	O	Your heart will stop , and you 'll drift off .
tr	O	He 's a version of me , but he seems so different .
tr	O	With her face blown up the size of a Chevy , every imperfection in her face should have been noticeable , but she didn 't have any .
tr	O	Their marriage was arranged but they made it work .
tr	O	His hand was extended , and he was waving her over .
tr	O	He reached out for her , but she shoved his hands away .
tr	O	There was a desperation in his voice , and it was legitimate .
tr	I	He has a legal right to do so and the man was visiting the old cemetery .
tr	O	He preened a little , and Acacia giggled .
tr	I	Just as all was in readiness , I had a sudden premonition , and I was there as well .
tr	I	Blood pooling around her on the carpet , and the sight of Augusta 's body going limp .
tr	I	Joseph 's brothers betraying him , and I 'm talking about the betrayal of the God 's very first children , if you remember .
tr	O	He admitted that his cousins borrowed his trailer from time to time , but he never suspected it was being used for something illegal .
tr	I	He beat again me for lying , and in the end I told him what Mr Browning did .
tr	O	He was somewhat young , but beyond that , I knew nothing .
tr	I	Violet sipped it , and Bastian slid a hot cup of coffee across the pickup area .
tr	O	He had broken something inside of me and I didn 't want him touching me anymore .
tr	I	Things always changed in this world , but he knew Isaac loved her , had even been prepared to transform her himself .
tr	I	Now she saw it was something more , but she had thought it for some moments a range of black mountains .
tr	O	She felt a sharp pain on her shoulder , but there was no time to worry about it .
tr	I	He writhed away from her , his body jerking , but she reached to press the tip to his skin .
tr	O	She should be terrified to link her fate with his , but all she felt was wonder .
tr	I	A toilet break is sometimes a girl 's best friend and I had to escape .
tr	I	She was fighting herself , as much as she was fighting him but she still wanted him .
tr	I	When she found him in their computer , I caught my breath , and the woman working there looked it up .
tr	I	It matched her mood , and the storm had arrived .
tr	I	That 's been the problem all along , and the two of them are so different .
tr	I	She probably never thought she could ever belong again , and Jenny had lost so much in her young life .
tr	O	No light came in through the door , and no windows let in any of the Southern California sun .
tr	O	He knows what he 's doing , but his English isn 't very good .
tr	I	Nothing mattered anymore , and Shannon was gone .
tr	I	The back of her neck was beet red , and her curly hair was pulled up .
tr	O	Rachel needed her to turn around so that she could see her face , but especially her eyes .
tr	I	Someone had fired a shot in his direction , but he wasn 't sure if he believed Joshua .
tr	O	My heart was still hammering in my ears , and I couldn 't seem to think straight .
tr	O	The weather was picking up and they needed to get inside before it started raining .
tr	I	He returned the embrace , and I hugged him tightly .
tr	I	This wasn 't going to be the first , and * George Mitchell wasn 't someone who embraced the ordinary things in life .
tr	O	I was loving it already and we hadn 't even started .
tr	O	I couldn 't see it yet , but it was coming .
tr	O	She forced herself to concentrate on the aromas of the indoor garden while arranging the vases ; but it was difficult .
tr	O	A year had gone by , and still my mother wouldn 't hear that .
tr	O	Suddenly everybody stands and we turn to watch Parker walk down the aisle , carrying a handful of wildflowers .
tr	I	She barely noticed you , and you were in love with her .
tr	O	The windows had dark tints , but the driver 's side was slightly down , allowing the top of a man 's head to be visible .
tr	O	She was pale , and there were dark smudges under her eyes .
tr	I	One Jenny didn 't want , and it was an appalling intimacy .
tr	O	A gray , thick sky promised something ugly , and a testy wind stirred up dust devils .
tr	I	He wasn 't ready to hear it , but by noon , she was ready to concede she 'd misjudged him .
tr	I	Stuart had failed to see it , and that was what was needed now .
tr	O	As I tap the power button , his phone lights up and he already has a picture saved as his background .
tr	O	It made me sound like my own mother , and I had to stop myself from laughing as I 'd said it .
tr	I	She vowed in her head that she would always , always remember that and no matter how he behaved sometimes , there was only King Callum .
tr	I	I 'd been an easy target and he knew how to manipulate people .
tr	O	Tension wound through my body , and my nerves felt stretched to the limit .
tr	O	The blow left J 's arm a bloody mess , and he had to clutch it with his right hand to keep it together .
tr	I	She brushed it aside , but the thought worried her .
tr	I	It could be worse , but we 're not exactly living large .
tr	O	I turned to go , but then a thought occurred to me .
tr	I	I took my position on the right side of the plate , and Rico squatted behind me .
tr	I	She can 't hear me , of course , but I try to call after her .
tr	O	He had expected nothing and there was nothing .
tr	I	Still no reply came back to him , but all the while , the fat man called for his Jack Russell .
tr	O	She did not answer , and I rose from my chair .
tr	I	She was powerless to pull away as the heat of his touch seeped under her skin , and he reached for her hand .
tr	I	I was alright but my face stung .
tr	I	He couldn 't help it , but he knew it was stupid .
tr	O	The boys have returned to their neighborhood and they 're pretty excited .
tr	I	Then finally spoke , and Chase was quiet for a long time .
tr	I	For a moment he almost looked like a different person , and the barrier that had been there all this time was gone .
tr	O	Hassan is a risk , but I need the cash .
tr	O	I could feel my heart struggling to beat and I knew my time was drawing to a close .
tr	O	The first couple of shots were nowhere close to the convertible , but that didn 't keep the Brown Pack from lowering their heads .
tr	O	I want to speak , but my mind has gone blank .
tr	O	Eric 's firm , hot hands slid down Iona 's back , and she scented his frenzy rising .
tr	O	He demonstrates and she copies .
tr	I	Her questions becoming trite , and Alex realized her answers were short .
tr	I	I could hear his rapid heartbeat , a mirror for my own , and my head lay against his chest .
tr	I	She tried to lay as still as possible against him , and Maddie 's heart melted .
tr	I	Under his watchful gaze the fabric altered itself and he murmured a few words .
tr	O	He cried out suddenly as his heart was let go , and the air filled his lungs .
tr	I	Yet she felt some strange connection to him and it was so strange to be this intimate with a man she didn 't know .
tr	I	You need to learn to trust that you 're worthy of that love , and it 's a special gift .
tr	O	Those neon signs illuminated her every movement , and her raspy pants were like drumbeats in her ears .
tr	O	I can 't tell over the headache , but I think a large groan escapes me .
tr	I	He slumps sideways , and it connects with a sickening crack .
tr	O	A low moan escaped my throat but no words formed .
tr	I	He was still weird sometimes , but he might not be the Gideon from my nightmare .
tr	I	I have tuned out , but I 'm distantly aware of the music .
tr	O	Henrietta was frozen , and it took him to repeat his question before she stuttered out a ' no ' .
tr	I	I didn 't but I wanted to say ' look here I guess he doesn 't think of me as slumming it ' .
tr	O	He was always getting into trouble , and I was always trying to get him out of it .
tr	I	Instead he stretches his arms above his head , but he sits up like he 's ready to go .
tr	O	The furniture is a bit old , but we 'll make do for now .
tr	O	His gaze was riveted to what was below , and when Iona saw , she stilled as well .
tr	O	You had no power over her and you don 't have any over me .
tr	I	Wealth was only part of what he sought , but he was quickly amassing more money than he 'd be able to spend in ten lifetimes .
tr	O	His staff 's coldness shouldn 't bother me , but it did .
tr	O	My mouth opened to say something in my defense , but none came out .
tr	O	Paris would have known , but Paris was not here .
tr	O	I had nothing left to add , and I felt her hand reach for mine .
tr	O	Ice pulled into a convenience store and Corey hopped out .
tr	I	The hard knots in his belly began to relax and he heard the soft teasing note in her voice .
tr	I	He smiled warmly , and the attorney looked from Rich to Jamie .
tr	I	He was pointing a gun at Jermaine , but Prue didn 't know what happened next .
tr	I	He was as good as dead , but he might have been sitting next to him on the dock .
tr	I	They agree and I discussed it with a couple of , um , friends .
tr	O	He was quite proud of it , and he kept one of the ears of the enemy who 'd slashed him across the face as a memento .
tr	I	In that room , I could think of nothing , but I was a man who liked to think .
tr	I	He had no answers , but how much time had slipped by him , he wondered .
tr	I	She gave a small nod , but she didn 't look at me .
tr	I	Trying very hard not to show it and * * * * * Colin was quietly furious .
tr	I	My trips were always hard on the family , and I already traveled extensively for my work , doing book tours two to three months a year .
tr	O	The shadow from the leaves did not allow me to pinpoint who was sitting in the driver 's seat , but there was definitely someone in there .
tr	I	He didn 't , but it would 've been easier if Brad had come with a delivery later in the week .
tr	I	Robert was looking at Maryse , but he tried to catch his eye now .
tr	O	She was in the middle of screwing the air vent cover back on and she got up to look through the peephole .
tr	O	I look at Raoul and I savor the moment .
tr	O	The hem of my lingerie has come untucked from my shorts , and I tug sadly at a bit of lace .
tr	I	I had to settle for pinning him up against the wall , and the bastard was strong , though .
tr	I	He still had his own hand on my wrist , but I drew my hand away from him .
tr	I	Vee had stealthily slid a copy of US Weekly into hers , but our textbooks were open on the black granite table in front of us .
tr	I	They too carried a young prisoner between them and the vampires were in a group of four .
tr	O	It was unlike anything I 'd seen before - and certainly unlike anything I 'd seen in the realm of vampires .
tr	I	You die or No misses .
tr	O	Wounds were bloodless , and zipped closed instantly .
tr	I	I flinched , and then it went off , loud in my head .
tr	I	His calculating mind began processing it carefully , deciding whether he had room for it within his intellect , and it was a new mood .
tr	O	Thoughts of Red hit , but Lucas spoke .
tr	I	She saw his eyes widen behind his visor , and the sergeant held them up to the light .
tr	I	I hugged her , and she started crying .
tr	O	My fingers tingled from the force of the throw , but it felt good .
tr	I	Then let out a short laugh and I gaped at him .
tr	O	I thought she 'd aged before , but it was nothing compared to now .
tr	I	I waved him off , but he dug out his wallet .
tr	O	Her mouth went dry and her stomach muscles knotted .
tr	I	They were pages apart , but you would 've thought the two would be near each other in the book .
tr	O	I had a needle in my arm , and I squinted down at my blood running into a bag .
tr	O	The collie immediately sprang to its right , but it was too close to the edge .
tr	O	Girls occasionally tried to get him out with the dancing group too , but he seemed to be turning everyone down .
tr	I	I swore if I didn 't stop crying soon I was going to drown us both , and that seemed to open the floodgates once again .
tr	I	Tonight he would make a rhubarb fool , and Irene had taught Kenny how to cook .
tr	I	My mind began to relax a little and this thought comforted me somewhat .
tr	O	A startling snap of an ominous premonition flashed in my vision and before I could put the pieces together it was too late .
tr	O	He rounds on me with that boyish grin on his face , and then nearly falls over .
tr	O	She had her sketch pad and I brought a book .
tr	O	The overhead light flickered on , and I could see the man for the first time .
tr	O	As we enter through the front door , Greg instructs me to lift the front of the wheelbarrow and we carry it up the stairs .
tr	I	I wanted to bolt and I was trembling head-to-toe .
tr	O	She had always tried to ignore all her words , but it had been so hard .
tr	I	He really couldn 't help it now , but Seth tried not to dwell on it too much .
tr	I	Tully closed her eyes , and he bent lower .
tr	O	He breathed deeply , and the fresh oxygen went screaming through his temples .
tr	I	Sharing her deepest darkest fantasies with Will , her closest friend , hadn 't seemed wrong at the time , and she didn 't have many girlfriends .
tr	O	She hadn 't felt the slightest bit of interest in any man since Steven 's death and she hadn 't expected to feel anything for Sean .
tr	O	Panic crawled up her throat and she squeezed her eyes shut .
tr	O	I 'd try to narrow it down to which one , but I 'm full of them , so there 's no point .
tr	I	She must wait for that to happen , but he said it could be some time before the German police came to see her .
tr	O	I shook my head , but I couldn 't stop myself from grinning .
tr	I	My dancing was fortunately much better than my bridge playing and when we arrived at the dance I had the pick of any partner .
tr	O	At last the kiss ended and Tosh looked at the mistletoe now crushed in his hand .
tr	I	We exit the back door of the house to see her rising from her tulip garden and I hear my mother shout from the backyard .
tr	I	My phone began to ring but as I grabbed my phone , I prepared to call Arnold .
tr	O	Then her lips twitched , and her eyes crinkled .
tr	O	The TV was off and the bed looked empty .
tr	I	Still , she wasn 't as passionate as Troilus was , but she 'd uprooted her life to work with these horses .
tr	I	Noah got the impression she didn 't really see her , but she glanced at Addy .
tr	I	I knew I had hit on a nerve , and something flickered in her eyes .
tr	O	A cloud of frosty breath escaped like phantasm as his mouth gaped , and he moved no more .
tr	O	There was a queer look in her eyes , and her fair skin paled .
tr	O	Pate had taken risks before with his agents , but there had never been a case like this .
tr	O	His hands were pushed deep into the pockets of a coat and he wore a baseball hat low on his forehead .
tr	O	I don 't know yet what you 've had to go through , Toni , but I know that it must have been terrible .
tr	I	One at a time , the leather straps sliced down , ripping into the horse , and the four men drew their whips up .
tr	O	Get them a little wet and they swell , become waterproof .
tr	I	Really , I just miss you , Ivy , but I know you think I 'm mad that you left .
tr	O	One simple disturbance could make Genie lose control and the protective shell around them would vanish .
tr	O	The toilet flushed , and we both pulled away .
tr	O	He had his shield raised , and four lethal shafts had already embedded themselves in the wood .
tr	O	I stomped toward the door , but he grasped my arm again .
tr	O	You learned how to use knives even more quickly and you handled yourself perfectly in the fight with Marron .
tr	O	If only hers had been , but her father had been too busy with his gambling buddies .
tr	O	I 'd already seen my fair share of tunnels today and I was already sick of them .
tr	O	Then Time Zone wobbled about , getting used to the skates , and MO skipped about like a gazelle being chased by a cheetah .
tr	O	She stumbled slightly , and he caught her .
tr	O	They played another game , and Stefan handed the twenty back .
tr	O	The line moved forward , and two giggling girls walked past Lea to the exit .
tr	I	Every night we 'd continue the ritual , and every night she came into my room .
tr	O	Last night , Frank complained about the special assignment to his girlfriend , Mello , and she had just grinned .
tr	O	Every night , she ran in terror from this man and she certainly never expected to see him in her store .
tr	O	The flag dropped and Lok went to work , blades flying , fighting his opponent .
tr	O	Not that it changed my stance any , but I knew I 'd overreacted .
tr	O	The darkness seemed to absorb Storm , and everything went quiet .
tr	I	I froze in place , and just then I heard a tap on my window .
tr	I	When he got it , he slid easily into her heat and he kissed her , demanding a response .
tr	I	I took a step back , worried he was going to kiss me again , and my heels felt wobbly .
tr	O	The library there was overflowing with books which he could never have accessed from home , and they were free to all patients .
tr	I	Jimbo let go of the gun , and two sharp kicks to the face .
tr	O	Owen squeezed my hand reassuringly , and I gave him a nervous smile .
tr	O	He hadn 't moved , but his expression shook me .
tr	O	The neck line plunged to the waist , away from the delicate cap sleeves and covering just enough to maintain the preface of modesty .
tr	O	The funeral was held in Phoenix and Mary couldn 't wait to get home .
tr	I	I let him kiss my hand , and he swept me a bow .
tr	I	I know my brother too well , but he 's trying to hide it .
tr	O	His thoughts seemed muddled or there were missing pieces he had yet mention .
tr	I	He went by me and it was easy enough to dodge the amateurish attack .
tr	O	It was a while before Chuck moved on , but he eventually did .
tr	O	Her gaze fell and her cheeks darkened .
tr	O	I stick out my hand to shake his and he takes it , smiling into my eyes .
tr	I	He seems really worked up but usually people 's inner voices are rather calm .
tr	O	They ended up going to Putt Putt , a miniature golfing center , and Shelby decided there were worse ways to spend an afternoon .
tr	I	Nick complained enough for both of them , but Allie refused to admit how terrified she was by the climb .
tr	I	Even thinking about it with the phone in my hand is terrifying , but I want to call Quinton .
tr	O	Beside it was a note , but I could not read it .
tr	O	I hadn 't gotten a good look , but what were the chances the guy was Wilco anyway ?
tr	O	His voice rose again , and he lifted her feet from the ground , shaking her violently .
tr	O	I 'm running scared but I 'm in front .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to allow me yet and I really needed to fuck her .
tr	O	I needed to break away ... move as far away as possible , but his arms circled my shoulders .
tr	O	Charlotte grabbed my arm , but I shooed her away .
tr	O	It took place in October of 2009 ... And so the town gossip began .
tr	O	he asks , and I nod .
tr	I	He is only four , but I 've tried to explain .
tr	O	I pulled on the door handle , but this door was locked too .
tr	O	My left leg was going numb and I was pretty sure that wasn 't a good thing .
tr	O	Kira began to tear up and I smiled .
tr	I	He read the surprise in her eyes , but Kate didn 't flinch exactly .
tr	O	The red Piper was parked there , and Grayson walked toward us across the tarmac , carrying boxes .
tr	O	She tried to control her tears , but the warmth of the touch made them come faster , until she was gulping for air .
tr	I	I knew her well enough to know that she meant what she said , and there was no remorse in D 's voice .
tr	I	She doesn 't pull away , but her hand twitches .
tr	O	Their appetite for one another was insatiable , and their lovemaking lasted long into the night .
tr	I	She was sure she heard him growl , and James frowned .
tr	I	He looked at her and his dark eyes opened .
tr	O	That 's what I need to say , but I can 't bring myself to .
tr	I	I shook my head , but he offered the trembling drop to me .
tr	O	There 's the sound of footsteps , and I lift my head .
tr	I	Most of the vamps won 't talk , but the official history project is still going .
tr	O	I 've tried to meddle in their relationship , hoping to help , but both of them deny they have feelings for each other .
tr	O	It was like nothing I 'd ever felt before and I stumbled back , clutching my throbbing head .
tr	I	I make the effort , anyway , but I 'm trying to look over at them , knowing I 'm too far away to read them .
tr	O	He was armed and I was wounded .
tr	O	I used Option but it didn 't work .
tr	I	Whitney insisted on seeing Violet and they had taken him to do the surgery at the hospital .
tr	I	His eyes shone with an eternal light , but his hair was silvered at his temples .
tr	I	It wasn 't dumb , but the army was corrupt .
tr	O	Bedrooms could hold some pretty nasty surprises , but refrigerators were in a league of their own .
tr	O	He could be sleeping with half his pack and it wouldn 't be any of her business .
tr	O	Then the arm was gone from her face , and she felt the knife back against her throat .
tr	O	It inched into him , and the friction was enough to make anyone scream for more .
tr	O	It sits alone on a cliff , and to reach it , you walk along a windy stone road .
tr	O	The white roses took on a tint of the moonlight , but the red roses looked nearly black under the night sky .
tr	O	His eyes blazed with hunger that matched her own , and she kissed him again , tugging him into her bedroom .
tr	O	There is no going back from here , but every fibre in my being refuses to believe what I think I know .
tr	I	Some other way would have to be devised to light the world , and they would pass .
tr	O	The piles of black ashes disappeared and the TV returned back to normal , without a single scratch .
tr	O	She was still unconscious and Kate was with her .
tr	O	The floor was as cold as ice on my bare feet , but at least now I wouldn 't make as much noise as the Valkyrie had .
tr	O	There 's good and there 's bad .
tr	I	I knew right then that she was going to miss her lunch and there were close to fifteen people in front of her .
tr	I	She rose from the couch also , and he could see the conflict on her face .
tr	I	He didn 't show up but I waited over an hour .
tr	O	It seemed as though she had barely gotten through the first batch of emails when the door opened and Dr. Turner walked in .
tr	O	It was mumps , a childhood disease , but in adults it 's far more serious .
tr	I	The heat it produced made the tropical temperatures that much more uncomfortable , and it was now double the size as the previous night 's fire .
tr	I	I had to persist but I knew I was stretching their patience by continuing my story .
tr	O	He didn 't answer me , but he didn 't need to .
tr	O	barked Douglas at his goons , and they attempted to silence Thomas with their fists .
tr	I	I moved fast , swiping two times to take his head off , as his neck was pretty thick , and he fell to the ground .
tr	I	She was far more cunning , but the monsters at her door might be stronger than she was .
tr	O	She was too powerful for his force , but he was sure that he could persuade her somehow .
tr	I	It wouldn 't come but I attempted to then lift the right .
tr	O	Still , I do not feel comforted by our defense , but there is nothing more I can do .
tr	I	I nodded and he asked .
tr	I	I made a big monster shadow loom over her , and they cast strange shad - ows on the walls .
tr	O	They turned a corner , and the hall was quiet .
tr	O	I told the hostess which party we were with and she let me know that my parents had already arrived .
tr	O	She 'd eyed me skeptically at the time , but I hoped she realized I wasn 't joking .
tr	O	He was keeping her in the dark about something and she didn 't like it .
tr	O	Reginald shrugged , but something was strange .
tr	O	He 's tried to take it home with him , this lingering feeling of a pure bright world , but it evaporates like cologne .
tr	I	If you 're of a mind , you can ride along , and I 'm going that way myself .
tr	O	I rolled out of bed and she rolled after me .
tr	O	The door to the public toilets flew open and the man staggered out , answering my question .
tr	I	She isn 't there , but I go to the corner of the store where Tina last was .
tr	I	The advantages of cooperation made both companies stronger , and that company has also steered its strategic position to similar products .
tr	I	We 're farther from that damn clot than when we started and we 've killed over a quarter of all the time available .
tr	O	It would make my backpack heavier , but it was crucial that I get out of that hut once I followed the tunnel back to the cellar .
tr	O	Walter delivered a sudden thrust , and then there were three .
tr	O	I couldn 't always feel their presence , but they were there .
tr	O	Then he could slip out as quietly as he 'd slipped in , and Francesca would never have to know he 'd been in her house .
tr	O	Some tried to gain their feet , but they had no place to run .
tr	O	She didn 't cry out , so it can 't be too bad , but it has had a day to heal .
tr	I	I glanced back , frowning , and a shiver went through him .
tr	I	There might be others as well , but we know about quite a few of those .
tr	I	Everything about her also felt fake , yet everything about Emily was seemingly perfect .
tr	O	Her hand shaped the nape of his neck and she lifted her mouth to his .
tr	I	Levana saw the strain of his Adam 's apple in his throat , and he paused .
tr	O	Her mouth dropped open in surprise at this , and his gaze slid down to her glistening lips .
tr	I	He let Chance take the lead , but Jesse gave a curt nod .
tr	I	He is crazy enough to pursue me , and he is Emily 's fiancée 's brother .
tr	O	She tugged at her wrist , but Bob 's fingers remained an unbreakable cuff that kept her imprisoned .
tr	O	It sounds pathetic and I want to take it back .
tr	O	She had behaved like a shocking wanton and she had done it in broad daylight !
tr	O	Joyce leapt up , shaking her head , and she stormed across the living room .
tr	I	Maybe we 'll all get out of this without any major catastrophes and don 't draw attention to yourself .
tr	O	John slid Brooke 's sleeve all the way up to her shoulder , and Brooke pierced her daughter 's skin with the end of the needle .
tr	I	I 've always protected her , and she 's my little sister .
tr	I	She smiles a lot more when you 're around , and I don 't want to see mama cry anymore .
tr	O	Each bite was delicious and my goblet was kept full of ice cold nectar .
tr	I	He 'd post it online or he said to come get it .
tr	I	He was fast , but he was small .
tr	I	There was no Nick and taking off the glasses , again only the cave walls stared back at her .
tr	O	She opened her mouth to protest , and I whirled on her frantically .
tr	I	His protective instincts overrode his anger , but not that he wasn 't still pissed off at her .
tr	I	Francesca still asks the follow up , but the last word trails off quietly .
tr	I	I was glad my jacket had a hood , and I could feel the sting of the flakes on my cheeks .
tr	I	She parted them , letting him inside and he swept his tongue over her lips .
tr	I	She licked her lips and her cheeks turned pink .
tr	I	They were killed , and Three have tried .
tr	I	He drew her close with a smile , and she threw her arms tightly around his shoulders .
tr	I	That calmed my nerves , and even if someone did spot them , they 'd have the advantage .
tr	O	It took a while , but two of the three lights turned green .
tr	O	I didn 't suffer from low self-esteem , but I was susceptible to intimidation , thank you very much .
tr	I	Cameron eased up a bit , and Shane hung his head in shame .
tr	O	They must have known I already knew you , but I had no idea .
tr	O	I didn 't pull back , and I didn 't understand why .
tr	O	He turned , facing the faucet and a traitorous squeal escaped my mouth .
tr	I	He let out an uncontrollable chuckle and the excitement of everything finally got the best of him .
tr	O	It reminded him of ripples in a lake but there was no water just air .
tr	O	She 'd started supper , and it was burning on the stove .
tr	I	He will be soon , ' cause they sent his coffee up same time as I come here , but he 's not down yet .
tr	I	I 've tracked him down to one corner of one of the wheat fields and I 've been listening out for Ben 's Noise over the farm .
tr	I	I tried to leave her alone but I told her it was good to see her .
tr	O	Then you shifted to a more natural sleep , and I decided to wait a few more hours .
tr	I	I let her lead me away toward the bleachers and she put her arm around me .
tr	O	I 'm trying to help you and you 're not making it easy .
tr	I	Stevens frowned at it , tapping at a few buttons , and the machine gave a low , warning tone .
tr	I	I 'm sure that will be over soon , but the Princess must still have them on lockdown .
tr	I	The effect of the madness amplified my newly restored energy , and the sleep had refreshed me .
tr	I	I felt that panic swallow me whole and the letter came back to mind .
tr	O	Johnny might have expected the cars to look less impressive on second viewing but they looked better .
tr	O	His voice wavered slightly , but his face was resolute .
tr	O	It had been Lillian 's morning to make it , and whatever her other faults , she made good coffee .
tr	I	It sounded really good , but that last comment was on the fly , not from her notes .
tr	I	Even they didn 't really help , and they were the only thing that made her feel better .
tr	I	His curls lay upon the pillow and his long , dark lashes fell on his white cheeks .
tr	I	He stood back up and a determined glint suddenly entered his eyes .
tr	I	The scampi cooled , and the wine arrived .
tr	O	She was around him , part of him , and he was part of her .
tr	I	I didn 't think my mutant vampire abilities translated to not breaking my leg upon such a feat but I considered throwing myself out the window .
tr	O	He 'd meant it to be a quick peck on the lips , but it wound up taking just a bit longer than that .
tr	O	Travis didn 't say anything for a long time , and then he nodded .
tr	O	Luke leans forward , bracing his hand on the back of my seat , and I angle my head to the side .
tr	O	Rich tells a good story , but that was all that it was .
tr	I	I did my best to learn , and he created a language through the sounds he made for them .
tr	O	Father could not say no to her , and Ji Hu was also happy to be able to go to the school .
tr	I	Its flame was barely flickering and Gossip had been nudged to the back burner .
tr	O	The Story is Torn , and he was not yet sure how the Story is going to develop from now on .
tr	O	Beth Ann Cole was hanging on his arm , but Allie wasn 't surprised to see them together .
tr	I	It shimmers in the sunlight , and the air is always misty .
tr	O	They were back in town and I knew my dad would flip a switch if I just left town .
tr	O	The captors were in Kingston and Sarah was probably even there .
tr	I	He is impassive once again and I glance back at Luca .
tr	O	I 've never heard my parents argue before , but it feels familiar somehow .
tr	O	Manju had been away for sometime and no one had noticed as yet .
tr	I	The tears felt like rivers of ice and I cried .
tr	I	She handed me a bottle of beer , and Raegan opened the door before I knocked .
tr	O	He turns on the ignition and the car comes to life .
tr	I	I feel an insurmountable wave of depression lift over me and my chest tightens .
tr	I	He almost came and his back arched .
tr	I	Right then , she knew and her stepfather 's words echoed in Kylie 's head .
tr	I	Her forefinger stroked , and she grasped him .
tr	I	Her friends from work would never understand this , and Seeing Anthony again was out of the question .
tr	O	The need to be loved by him was eating into her more each day , and there was nothing she could do to stop it .
tr	O	A wave of nausea hit me , and my fists clenched .
tr	I	He had no problem complying with that desire and he had seen it a thousand times before .
tr	O	He made me feel safe , yet our passion was off the charts .
tr	O	Again there was no answer , but the woman began to chant .
tr	I	They 're coming , and he 's contacted the children .
tr	I	She was looking straight ahead , paying no attention to her companion , but Albert tried to catch Silver 's glance .
tr	I	Maybe we should be just friends for now , but I can 't pretend I don 't have feelings for you .
tr	O	I do not know if I was slow but I was not seeing how that is possible .
tr	I	No alarm was raised but the squeaking of the oar locks seemed loud to those in the skiff .
tr	O	Mrs. Thornton had convinced herself that Jane was away buying clothes , and she took refuge in shopping for her return .
tr	I	I wouldn 't still be here , fighting on , or mama didn 't raise any quitters .
tr	I	She could still enjoy the view through the blurriness but since she removed her contact her vision was limited .
tr	O	He 's going to be confused , in pain , and they 'll put him through more pain in therapy .
tr	O	Of course there are exits , but I 'd appreciate it if you didn 't go out during the day .
tr	I	Steve didn 't want to know , but it probably was riddled with errors .
tr	I	Nothing comes out , and Everything goes in .
tr	O	All he did was nod in return , and then Zayne 's gaze returned to mine .
tr	I	He had no idea what was coming , but he might have been a smart dog .
tr	O	She was already there when he arrived , and he 'd been distracted from the moment he sat down .
tr	O	She 'd killed it in her anger , and now she had to pay the price .
tr	I	I have no more voice , but the women listen to her .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I could feel his eyes on my backside as I walked away .
tr	I	The time they 'd been airborne and Archie calculated their fuel use .
tr	I	He was already dead , but the paramedics arrived within a few minutes .
tr	I	They walked into the family room and the young girl grabbed Zoe 's hand .
tr	I	He had his own issues , especially where Max was concerned , but she already knew Preston wasn 't anything like Manuel .
tr	I	Samira was very chatty with me and we started walking to my office .
tr	I	My mind was scared , but my heart hated it .
tr	I	Her hoodie was bloodied and her shorts were torn .
tr	O	Then she was free , and she willed herself forward .
tr	I	We 're used to it , but it 's a little rude in that it assumes ignorance on our part .
tr	O	He wanted to order her back to safety , but he figured she was doing the right thing .
tr	I	I can 't remember any of them , but there had to have been warning signs .
tr	O	I had also done a little shopping for the double doses of happiness but I needed to shop a little more especially for Little .
tr	O	Her eyes went wide and her mouth dropped open .
tr	I	That seemed as good a place as any , and according to the road signs they were thirty miles outside Roanoke .
tr	I	I could feel him pressing against me and my nightgown was thin .
tr	O	She laughed while shaking her head , and then she moved behind me to start combing through my hair .
tr	O	It might hurt Hallam 's egregious pride , but it couldn 't really shake his position .
tr	I	I don 't succeed , but I try to sound as calm as he does .
tr	O	She could win , and it would be right .
tr	I	We 've got to play her game , but I don 't trust her , either .
tr	O	The rising wind seemed to contradict him , but he felt it was more important to remain positive than to acknowledge reality .
tr	I	The thought of losing Max shook her badly , and she 'd always been fond of Clark 's father .
tr	I	I picked it up without thinking and my mom called out to me .
tr	O	Her heart squeezed again , and this time she tried to hold on to the feeling .
tr	I	She had her back to him and Dan sat on the couch .
tr	I	The salient points had been made , but there were other questions .
tr	I	I saw that lost look that sometimes took over his face and his eyes continued to stare into mine .
tr	O	The jury was still out on that , but I wouldn 't shrivel under his attention .
tr	I	I went left and she went right .
tr	I	Her hands jerked back and the air between her palms rippled .
tr	O	Every night they 'd return , and every night they 'd take more of us .
tr	I	He realized that knew where he was , but he 'd never been up this far .
tr	O	They 're nowhere near close enough , but one can never be too safe .
tr	I	The moonlight provided limited visibility as she entered a small square that lay before a large pair of iron gates and it was dark now .
tr	I	I quickly followed him and he brushed past me .
tr	O	My brow arched , but I didn 't say anything .
tr	I	He wanted to give her that much , and she 'd come to him for comfort .
tr	I	Shingles tumbled to the ground like snowflakes and Windows shattered a mile away .
tr	O	It would do some very strange things to certain necessary balances within you , and those are not the sort of things to be tampered with .
tr	I	I 'm not imagining the hurt in his expression , and he watches me lead Ezra toward the car .
tr	I	It seemed to all start about the same time , and they had always shared everything until recently .
tr	I	She cut her off , but Izzy began to speak .
tr	I	Now she would go home early , and Chapter 10 Morgan had come in late .
tr	I	I drink it because I don 't know what else to say and he comments as he hands me the mug with the soup inside .
tr	I	The employees here appeared to be just as certain that she had and she was certain that she had not set foot in this bank yesterday .
tr	O	I looked at Hemp , and he followed my eyes back to the pile of zombies stacked in the elevator opening .
tr	I	Her arms bumped against her sides in violent pulses , and her legs suddenly jerked .
tr	O	It may not ever go away completely , but after a while it 's not overwhelming .
tr	O	He said a bunch of other things , but I didn 't hear most of them .
tr	O	The bolt slowly turned in the lock , but Jack had his hand resting on the doorknob .
tr	I	I stood there shocked and we walked out back .
tr	I	He didn 't see how it related , but that was significant .
tr	O	Jo opened her eyes then , and by the look on her face , I could tell she felt the same way .
tr	I	Nate was at the door to take me to school and I finished eating , brushed my teeth .
tr	I	Most can be accommodated in the comfort of your home , but there are a few inquiries that require you visit the library in person .
tr	I	The four quietly filed out , and the note of dismissal in her voice was final .
tr	O	I went to meet her but she was not there .
tr	O	A moment passes , and I decide to make an effort .
tr	O	The bed was only about five paces away , but she barely made it , collapsing on the covers at the last moment .
tr	I	That drove me from mindless to madness incarnate , and the other being that it meant she was braless .
tr	O	The laws ordain the course of events and all are swept along in the current .
tr	O	The short cut I was hoping for is nowhere to be seen , and the road is blocked with crates of bricks left for building work .
tr	I	His eyes were melancholy , but he smiled at me .
tr	I	You 're doing a good job , but you 're too young to have so much responsibility .
tr	O	Shock held her still as Tristan tightened his grip and she felt the air being squeezed from her body .
tr	O	You put this collar around my neck like I 'm some sort of pet , and you 've neutralized my powers .
tr	I	Brad saw the man some distance ahead , and they all pointed downriver .
tr	O	See all the years gone by In faded garments , how they crowd the sky , And surge up from the ocean of our Guilt .
tr	O	She was putting her clothes back on , and I was getting the hell out of there .
tr	O	The sky had turned a twilight iron gray and the black clouds looked like heavy stones .
tr	O	It promptly bounced to the ground , but she did not care .
tr	O	He did his best to keep his eyes focused on the camera , but his attention was drawn to the woman beside him .
tr	O	It took over all her senses , and she had to close her eyes .
tr	O	I 'd never considered it before , but maybe I was the lucky one .
tr	I	Elizabeth was nowhere in the living room , but I had to find her .
tr	I	She burst out crying and a quiver began in her bottom lip .
tr	I	The camera caught him turning his head towards her , a smile on his lips but he stood a bit away from Lucinda .
tr	O	Presumably Creed had also known what he was doing , but he 'd gotten shot anyway .
tr	O	His face was nearly upside down in this position , but she could 've sworn she saw his mouth quirk .
tr	I	My forehead ran with sweat and my hands started to shake .
tr	I	That , too , offered no cover , but to the right of the lawn were the remains of a very large vegetable garden .
tr	O	She 'd earned his respect and he 'd earned her trust .
tr	O	Drawing blood takes only a few minutes but I remain bound to the chair in the laboratory for hours .
tr	O	You 're supposed to be showing me around , and the only thing on your mind is matchmaking !
tr	I	He could make sure her dad did , but he couldn 't protect Mary Ann .
tr	I	She was not willing to ask , but Cassie had the odd feeling that he would speak to her , if she asked .
tr	O	Mr. Nancy ran his hand over the feather , and it was perfect .
tr	O	His face was inscrutable , but his eyes were focused on me like two beady lasers .
tr	I	I dearly hope that I find myself in error , and I grieve to upset you with these thoughts , my Love .
tr	O	I heard the snap , but it was too late .
tr	I	It presented yet another reason she couldn 't work here any longer , but she would never know for sure .
tr	I	Mediterranean food was one of my favorites and I knew I didn 't have much to worry about because he had great taste .
tr	O	The place carried a faint scent of musk , but it was the best she could do in the middle of the night .
tr	O	Her voice trembled , but when she glanced up at him , her blue eyes shone with faith .
tr	O	She had read about stalkers , but they belonged in a different , violent world .
tr	I	Bunt growled softly and they were travelling slowly .
tr	I	He immediately moved inside me again , and I thrust my hips against him .
tr	I	Some had been influenced to the opposite by the recent Pope and a large percentage of the Cardinals were intense followers of the new Messiah .
tr	O	Promoting an outdoorsy lifestyle had been odd from the beginning , but now -- with her sister fighting cancer -- it felt utterly pointless .
tr	I	He remained adamant , but Ruslan tried to change his father 's mind .
tr	I	The kids are really anxious , and shouldn 't be any problem .
tr	I	Now it looks like you 're waiting for spring , but I thought you were shooting for a winter wedding .
tr	O	I tried to run from him , but every direction was blocked by the wolves .
tr	I	Landon felt a thrill of unease wriggle up his spine , but she sounded more tired than alarmed .
tr	O	They make no beautiful things , but they make many clever ones .
tr	I	Jude had already begun to research colleges and the twins were freshmen in high school .
tr	I	Her son was alive , and when looking solely at the facts , Martha was part of Frank 's composite corpse .
tr	I	I hadn 't bothered taking any sort of labor class , but I was pretty sure modern medicine had advanced past that .
tr	O	You can never make up for what was lost , but you can always start again .
tr	O	Using the doorknob he forced himself shakily to his feet and then wrenched the door open .
tr	I	The soft light from inside the house washed over him , and Matthew blinked as the front door swung open .
tr	I	His shoulders were tensing and his jaw was locked .
tr	O	He yelled for her to run , and he bolted after her .
tr	O	I worried about Cade 's secrets , but I think he suspected I was harboring a few of my own .
tr	O	She 'd wait for her husband to get back , and when he returned , they 'd go back to the house together .
tr	I	Eventually they 'd discover the purpose for the chosen route , but all the reasons might not be known .
tr	O	His finger brushed over my sex and I felt how wet I was .
tr	I	She flinched and he kicked her back .
tr	I	It 's a mute point , but I 'd sic him on Chloe .
tr	O	Lightning flashed again and the lights flickered .
tr	O	His eyes darkened and he looked at me furiously as if jealous .
tr	I	It was still somewhat entertaining , but it was failing miserably .
tr	I	He had left last month for overseas duty , but she was stationed here with her husband .
tr	O	Thomas looked at me and gradually his expression changed .
tr	I	It occurred to me that they must have worked closely together during the weeks I was missing , and she punched in his number from memory .
tr	I	His eyes were somewhere else , but I tried to read the emotions I saw in the hard lines on his sculpted face .
tr	I	I struggled to balance , and Val pulled my hand .
tr	I	Julian still said nothing and another minute went by .
tr	I	I was glad he was here , and he was supposed to be my protection .
tr	O	His team asked what they should do and he wasn 't concentrated enough to answer .
tr	I	She wouldn 't allow it to happen , not ever again and it was humiliating .
tr	O	He spoke in a clear voice , and people leaned unconsciously toward him as they worked .
tr	O	He strolled by and Don was on the phone , probably telling Joanie about it .
tr	I	Now there was a touch of defiance , and said Groat .
tr	O	You may never have to use it , but I need you to know how .
tr	O	I coughed again and more blood splattered my hand .
tr	O	He didn 't speak to me after the balcony incident , but to my relief , he ignored Hephaestus , as well .
tr	O	I wanted desperately to be where you were and suddenly I was .
tr	I	He cups my cheek and I lean into his hand .
tr	O	There was an audible crack and Stan 's feet went still .
tr	I	They agreed readily , and she 'd insisted on coming with them .
tr	O	Stop dreaming , I thought , but I didn 't dare say it out loud .
tr	O	I 'd love to , but I keep hurting this knee .
tr	O	Elijah is not asking the question he wants to ask , but Julia picks up on it anyway .
tr	I	He grabbed my arm , but I started to stand .
tr	O	The sitting room was empty , and Elodie steered Call past it toward my room .
tr	O	A blush tinged her cheeks , but she nodded .
tr	I	The spinning had been constant since about the second shot , and I 'd been on that table for hours .
tr	I	I can hear him shakily climb to his feet , but I can 't quite see Sandor .
tr	O	We turn the door handle and much to our surprise , it is unlocked .
tr	I	Then her two older brothers had decided to lease it , but at first it had seemed inevitable that they 'd have to sell the land .
tr	I	It did not reach her eyes , but she smiled .
tr	O	Vincent tried to come between them , but Dominic was too strong .
tr	I	His musky , wild scent enveloped me , and our bodies were nearly flush , pieced together .
tr	O	As I watched , his flame died down to nothing and he stopped burning .
tr	I	Each turn of the key proved futile , but I kept trying to turn the RV back on .
tr	I	The Keeper closed it , then the box disappeared into his robes , and Ryo put the coin in the box .
tr	I	She could see him struggling to focus and he blinked .
tr	O	Juliet caught my eye and I read her perfectly .
tr	O	He called her Mandy , and she was his sweet , sweet girl .
tr	O	He obviously didn 't trust Liam , but with a man down , they had to use him .
tr	O	He reaches for my cheek and I slowly pull back .
tr	I	He will be for me and I will always be his .
tr	I	His mother forced him to look at her , but Max 's eyes still burned with hatred .
tr	O	Tessa loved her family but she felt like she was drowning .
tr	O	I murmur that I love him , but his response is drowned out by the sound of squealing tires .
tr	O	If you want to talk , I 'll listen , but I don 't think there 's much left to say at this point .
tr	I	He disappeared down the hall and his fingers brushed my shoulder .
tr	I	Kylie had been right , and she 'd known Della would be pissed that she 'd been tricked .
tr	O	He heard concern and it shook him deeply .
tr	I	I can 't sleep , but the night wears on .
tr	O	He laid his cheek against her hair , lips tingling , and he ached to kiss her again .
tr	I	Her curiosity got the better of her but she tried to focus on her plan .
tr	O	I agree to the basic concept , but we 'll work out the specifics .
tr	O	She still wasn 't sure she could afford it , but she had been determined to give it a try .
tr	O	It seemed to her that the Sulphur Queen always hugged the coastline , but now they were out in the open sea .
tr	O	He touches too much , but it never feels sexual .
tr	I	He had never felt so accepted , and Thor had never seen so many knights in one room .
tr	O	Kevin felt the same fear , but he couldn 't go anywhere near Addy again .
tr	I	I 'm scared , and tears well up .
tr	I	Jenny thought it came from ahead , but it seemed to reflect from everywhere at once .
tr	O	The line was short and before I knew it , I had my latte .
tr	I	She grinned back , enjoying the madness of the moment , and he grinned at her , giving a thumbs up sign .
tr	O	Emelia smiled at the soldier and he nodded gruffly in return .
tr	I	He could finally think again without the blaring music muddying his thoughts and the cool breeze felt good against his skin .
tr	O	Dark pockets sank into his cheeks and his hair fell out in chunks .
tr	I	Exhaustion drove him to his knees , but the scout took two wobbling steps toward them .
tr	O	His relief was apparent to the other vampires as well , and they moved back as Dominic returned to the rear of the group .
tr	O	Nice place to visit , and all that .
tr	I	He had changed with it and his lifestyle had changed radically .
tr	I	There were no injuries , but we checked the men .
tr	O	He looks at me , and his face goes hard .
tr	I	Pain kept you awake , but Pain radiated from every corner of her body .
tr	I	He frowned when he recognized the number , and Dever felt his phone begin to buzz .
tr	O	He saw a slinking form of one wildcat approaching the rocks from the left , but he couldn 't tell which wildcat it was .
tr	I	Soon , it wouldn 't matter , and to where , exactly , I didn 't know .
tr	O	If your mother had lived , she would have forgiven me , and we should have spent our old age together .
tr	I	Only a squeak crept through my tight lips , but I tried to speak .
tr	O	It was as if my reaffirmation of my pledge had opened a whole new chapter in my life , and I wanted to get on with it .
tr	I	There 's more to worry about at the moment , but I have no idea which description fits what guy .
tr	O	He came over and I recognised him .
tr	O	There were thousands of them , and they were moving very quickly .
tr	O	There was a sickeningly wet slapping noise , and then Kenny was silent .
tr	O	He must be so tired of losing people , and yet he goes on .
tr	I	A couple of boxes were already packed inside and the hatchback was open .
tr	I	I was part of him , and he was part of me .
tr	O	Yes , it took a lot of intervention , but Keith has been reclaimed .
tr	I	She trusted him without question , but she didn 't know what her father was up to .
tr	I	Her breathing got very tight and her pulse kicked up suddenly .
tr	O	The additional respite may not be necessary , but it might do you some good .
tr	O	The memories were sweet , but the disappointment stung .
tr	O	She 's wearing a pair of ballet flats on her feet , and although I wish they were stilettos , she still looks stunning .
tr	O	Nisha was involved in dozens of activities , and while she wasn 't quite the queen bee I 'd been , everyone knew her .
tr	O	Whatever he did , the effect was immediate , and the big man simply collapsed unconscious .
tr	I	I like the new bar , and I 've been known to loosen up after a bottle of bubbly .
tr	I	The door opened out into the hall and he turned it .
tr	I	Dozens of people was a little overwhelming , but I could stand with feeling those directly next to me .
tr	I	A small smile curved on his face , and I saw his eyes narrow as I moved back .
tr	I	It also fell through several hooded grey robes that hung in the air , and it fell on the recumbent shape of Ernie .
tr	I	That 's rare and you 're honest .
tr	O	Like I said , she 's not talking much to me , but I am not about to let her be put at risk .
tr	I	Steven had teased her about it , and she had been nervous all week .
tr	O	My dad glared at me the entire time I was pulling out of the driveway and his phone was back at his ear .
tr	O	I always had been drawn to things that were bad for me , and she would definitely top that list .
tr	I	When I landed in the trees , I cursed , and that sort of hazy thought didn 't always work .
tr	I	Color flooded her cheeks , and she found his gaze .
tr	O	Everything had gone smoothly at first , and then bad luck had begun to plague her .
tr	I	It 's like , um , Christmas , but I , um , I know you said you needed time to think .
tr	O	I wasn 't trapped by any stretch of the imagination , but for half a moment , I could believe I was .
tr	I	Her eyes widened with shock and Christina 's mouth dropped open .
tr	I	He hadn 't gotten it far enough in , but he twisted the key .
tr	O	These people had become his family over the course of the last couple of months , and now he was poised to leave them all behind .
tr	O	Always body conscious , she should have been embarrassed , but she wasn 't .
tr	I	I shook my head and he looked in the rearview mirror at me .
tr	I	The light got even dimmer , and it made a startlingly loud sound .
tr	I	Neither was a millennium , and Today wasn 't forever .
tr	O	I looked up and there was a woman .
tr	I	Underneath was a comment from a guy named Wayne , but the caption just said the little girl 's name .
tr	O	I shook my head and he ripped the clothing from my hands before gripping my shoulders .
tr	I	Simple to stop her but he had no intentions of killing her .
tr	O	I 'm not sure , but for some reason I doubt it .
tr	O	He said it like he was joking , but you can 't tell a joke like that without meaning it at least a little .
tr	I	I choose a new one , and I can choose what history I build my future on .
tr	I	Her eyes blazed with terror , and great beads of perspiration dripped from her dark forehead .
tr	I	That brought me upright in a hurry , but I 'd been leaning against my desk .
tr	I	Bryn swatted my hand away and I placed my fingers underneath the bottom of it .
tr	I	I 'm walking too fast but he reaches for my hand .
tr	I	I have begun to discover a good deal , and after Nellie was killed , I just couldn 't give up .
tr	O	One glance at his energy field , and I know that I can beat him .
tr	I	Wasn 't too sure , but he thought he could hear something .
tr	I	More importantly , they will be in danger , and that would put me in danger .
tr	O	Somehow the blades had missed the main body of the sub , but she knew there had to be major damage to the cable .
tr	I	There was something inscrutable about his expression , and his face was illuminated by the moon .
tr	O	I 'm on a team working to prep one for launch , but it 's taking a long time .
tr	I	She would cross that bridge when she came to it , but there was no telling how she would close the others .
tr	O	Aaron was a better player than Nicky was , but he kept a clinical distance from it all .
tr	I	His gun tumbled to Sneed 's feet , and the man went down clutching his head .
tr	O	When we were sophomore she made me memorise all the vocabularies she threw at me and we were doing our nails at the same time .
tr	O	Choose one for today and we will start there .
tr	I	I realized her instincts were correct , but for an instant I was speechless .
tr	O	Luca doesn 't miss a moment of the exchange and I can feel his dark gaze on my skin .
tr	I	His instincts blared that someone had been recently , but no one was here now .
tr	O	She would write the letters , but she would do it slowly .
tr	I	Most of them seemed to regard a large amount of paperwork , but his new promotion entailed new responsibilities .
tr	I	It scorched his wounded heart with pure bliss , and felt her fear for him .
tr	I	The animal was right behind me , but grabbing his good arm , I raced for the beach .
tr	O	Remembering the call he 'd received from her mother still turned his stomach , and that would never change .
tr	O	I knew if I killed Blake I would change more than I already had , and then Matthias would hate me more than he already did .
tr	I	Charlotte sat down gracefully on the back seat , and he held the car door open for us .
tr	I	He 'd basically been a goner the first moment she smiled at him , but he had no idea how it 'd happened .
tr	O	I can hear my father stand up behind me and I watch as Holder 's eyes follow him .
tr	O	She went on instant alert , but she didn 't know why .
tr	I	A bit withdrawn and Margaret became quiet .
tr	O	The overcast sky helped to ease the effects of the sun , but his eyes were streaming as he approached the cabin .
tr	O	The landscape was to haphazard to risk teleportation , and he was unfamiliar with his destination as well .
tr	O	Marc 's wife was being the charming hostess , and she pulled it off pretty well .
tr	I	I sat down after removing the red numbered paddle from it and he led me to a chair .
tr	O	I had thought many a time of getting a massage here , but I could never seem to justify spending the money on myself .
tr	I	Sarah welcomed the distraction as it eased the tension that was building inside of herself , but the twins dominated the conversation at the table .
tr	O	Pete The phone rings , and I jump to grab it .
tr	I	She couldn 't help telling the truth , but she didn 't want to lose him .
tr	I	Her shirt hit the floor and he took a shaky step back .
tr	I	An archway with a set of ornate doors stood before them , and solid ground had simply materialized beneath their feet .
tr	I	We 'll see and I 'll smash the cat .
tr	I	It perfectly described what he felt was inside of him , but that word had come out of nowhere .
tr	I	Four of them stop and they pass before us .
tr	O	We are worried , but we feel secure at the same time .
tr	I	I wanted him to know how serious I was about you , but he didn 't like me at first .
tr	O	The spinning around me grew darker , and then I felt myself slipping away .
tr	O	He 'd said he loved French furniture , but everything in this room seemed to be prancing .
tr	I	They are inhabited , and they go down a long way .
tr	O	The Healers exists , and you , my untimely friend , have just run into some luck .
tr	O	Brielle was rambling , but Colt didn 't try to stop her .
tr	O	We wish to avoid detection , but this isn 't our planet .
tr	O	He had a long knife strapped to a pole , and I knew he could gut me with that weapon .
tr	I	He wanted to see his seed running down the inside of her thighs , but she looked like she 'd been thoroughly made love to .
tr	O	They were outside , but it was nighttime .
tr	I	The knowledge slapped me in the face and I hadn 't seen it at all .
tr	O	His hairline was receding , and his mustache was coarse .
tr	I	He always won and he used to pick fights with odds just for fun .
tr	O	The desire was definitely there but he was suddenly resisting her .
tr	I	A yawning entranceway appeared before her , and the roots of a small tree were ripped apart as the plates underneath moved apart .
tr	I	Their eyes begin to sting and soon there is more smoke .
tr	O	Nicole 's mouth dried and her stomach quivered .
tr	I	He ignored it but it wounded him .
tr	I	I wouldn 't have broken her neck , but if I had hit her in the right temple I would have knocked her out for sure .
tr	I	No , that 's not exactly right ... but that was when it started getting dark .
tr	O	The dark figure 's features remain a mystery , but its hand remains extended to her , almost pleading she accept its uncertain proposal .
tr	O	He explored every inch of her mouth with his tongue , and she let him .
tr	I	Belinda had her doubts about this new Edgar , but the father that Edgar had been a couple of years ago would have done that .
tr	I	You couldn 't miss it and I looked to my right .
tr	I	You get the train and I 'm going to cycle there .
tr	O	I felt Roth let go and my hands reached out blindly .
tr	I	No way did she have the energy to wriggle into those trousers , but she tugged the top over her head .
tr	I	An outsider had been difficult and Always being the new kid .
tr	I	She refused , but I also invited her into my jeep .
tr	I	Even I had to admit that the shade of pink was really lovely , but I 'd teased Archer about it being pink .
tr	O	Forty Both the prisoner and I turned .
tr	O	Then the trees opened up into a summery clearing , and it became obvious what the voice had meant .
tr	I	I try to keep it in check , but it 's ingrained in me .
tr	I	I couldn 't sit still , but I snuck back in my room .
tr	I	It wasn 't easy to do , but sure , there were ways to fool them .
tr	I	His left eye betrayed no confusion , no emotion , but the boy cocked his head to the side , as if confused .
tr	O	She could and she would .
tr	O	I attempted to bring the things that mattered most to you , but in the end I don 't really know what that is .
tr	I	A quiver in his voice gave away a little too much - but he was trying to sound annoyed , authoritative , important .
tr	I	I 'm not real good at meeting new people , and they 're your friends .
tr	I	The shape was still and there was a grunt .
tr	I	This seems over the top , but I 'm used to her temper .
tr	O	A few more sparks flew , but the paper wouldn 't ignite .
tr	O	The door swung mostly closed behind them , and the roar of the music receded .
tr	I	Her eyes held a determined light , and it was then that Arlen rose .
tr	I	He smiles down at me , and I look up at Sean .
tr	I	She tried not to think about it , and her head pounded .
tr	I	They both turned , and the doorbell rang .
tr	I	They were bloodshot , and my eyes had huge dark circles around them .
tr	I	The streaming sunlight gave him the appearance of a statue , and the guttural sound echoed off the walls .
tr	I	He drops the piece back into the bag and Lord Loss 's crimson eyes widen .
tr	O	A look of horror came onto her face , and I cringed .
tr	I	Something irresistible stopped him , but he reached for her .
tr	O	It was an unpredictable dance , and when there were so many people hating each other in one place , that dance was only causing more confusion .
tr	I	It was true , but I almost wanted to laugh at how cheesy that sounded .
tr	O	My body is aching and my head is pounding .
tr	O	He was sound asleep , but he really didn 't look very comfortable .
tr	O	Dr. Brother 's research dovetailed nicely with my studies and the data would be of immense value to those who came after us .
tr	O	He opened his eyes and when he saw me standing by the window he managed to smile as though nothing had happened .
tr	O	She 'd screwed up terribly , and she had to stop him before things got worse .
tr	I	He handed it to me and the little boy took something out of his breast pocket .
tr	O	Kelsey sensed a trap , but she didn 't have the first clue as to what it could be .
tr	O	Jack 's smile faded and he lowered his arms .
tr	I	Her eyes went wide as I stared into them , searching , and I grabbed her , a hand on each side of her head .
tr	I	Her wit obviously had not , but her mode of attire might have changed .
tr	I	It housed the Geology Department , and the sign outside indicted that it was Bacon Hall .
tr	O	Her gaze moved to Hess , and repulsion coiled in her veins .
tr	I	Her teeth started to chatter , and Moisture seeped into her dress .
tr	O	She yanked at her hands , and Sam released her , sitting up to give her space since she appeared calmer .
tr	O	Her head came up again and she caught a glimpse downstream .
tr	O	We realize that there are some things that cannot be changed ... and many of us have forgotten this .
tr	O	A moment later the TV coverage goes to commercial and she flops onto a couch , spilling about half of what 's left of her drink .
tr	O	She wrinkled her nose and it hit him suddenly that he 'd just been inside her , holding her , touching her however he wanted .
tr	I	God was using that brokenness to draw her back to Himself , and the events of the first part of the summer had left Kelly broken .
tr	I	It was difficult but I tried like hell to get my shirt off without raising my arms .
tr	I	I could see that even Arian was feeling queasy at the thought and her announcement , made out of the blue , had me gulping .
tr	I	He becomes quite harmless and A slash to his bowstring .
tr	I	I popped the remote while we were still walking towards the car , but I assumed so .
tr	O	We pulled up in front of Duke 's house , and I slid off the bike as fast as possible .
tr	O	She may be a witch , but she 's not like Sylvia .
tr	I	I felt myself getting sleepy again and she continued to wipe down my head .
tr	O	Her eyes widened and she exploded from an inner fire .
tr	I	She came back to the surface , and his arms locked beneath her before she fell , his easy strength holding her .
tr	I	It just dropped right back down again but he tried running his hands through his hair to at least get it off his scalp .
tr	I	It took all his fortitude to remain where he was , and they were circling even now to capture them .
tr	I	His feet were frozen , and he was angry , though .
tr	O	It felt good to see him , but the tension between us was palpable .
tr	O	There were good memories here , but soon her mother would be making new memories .
tr	O	People walk past , ignoring the scene , but I can 't tear my eyes away .
tr	O	That didn 't make him unique at Kirkwood High , but it didn 't guarantee a lot of prom dates either .
tr	I	We realized it was on a motion sensor , and no one opened the door .
tr	O	Dante is gone , and I untied the whip .
tr	O	It was an odd move , and Brick watched it with interest .
tr	O	We don 't say that 's the purpose of the mission , but we make it clear that would be part of it .
tr	I	When the breeze blew , there was just a hint of chill in the air and it was warm .
tr	I	Jared was found unconscious , and then I was told you weren 't in the house .
tr	O	She snorted despite herself , but the dread came back .
tr	I	Touching the framing will set it off , but the alarm won 't go off if I cut the glass .
tr	O	Fergus was his first , and he 'd left him in charge while he was gone .
tr	O	It was too late to stop them and I just couldn 't abandon my friends at such a critical time .
tr	I	He resists but I try to pull him back into me .
tr	I	His lips were white but Vitale 's face was rigid .
tr	I	The policeman left him alone and he was only a few miles an hour over the speed limit .
tr	O	Maybe if I had , I wouldn 't laugh , but then maybe again I would laugh all the more .
tr	O	He smoothed his hands along the inside of my thighs , gentle , caressing , but that gentle movement spread my legs with him kneeling between them .
tr	O	No use crying over spilt milk , but let 's not spill any more .
tr	O	He holds up his hands helplessly , and the world around me starts to close in .
tr	O	He 'd been her election opponent before he 'd been her lover , and any other opponent would 've done the same thing .
tr	O	He kept his head bent over his guitar , but his empty black eyes were fixed on his prey , the only woman who mattered to him .
tr	O	His were open as well , cloudy with questions , but I didn 't give him the chance to speak .
tr	O	Her slight cry told him she felt it too , and immediately his brain shut down in a raw urge to arouse , possess , pleasure .
tr	I	The tigers were out and the cages were empty .
tr	O	She tilts up at me , and suddenly I want to give her every answer in the world .
tr	O	This is the only world they know and they believe it 's perfect .
tr	I	Even though she wasn 't young , she wasn 't that behind the times either , and she needed to clean up in the kitchen .
tr	O	I lick my lips , waiting for him to tell me what to do , but he says nothing .
tr	O	He was lying on the asphalt barely moving and didn ´ t care a shit about what she said .
tr	O	Her voice cracked but she plowed ahead .
tr	I	Cal came in and the door opened .
tr	I	She hugged Toby tighter against her chest , and just thinking about it now made her blush with embarrassment .
tr	I	Spike ran around our feet and I poked him in the ribs while he laughed .
tr	O	I 've gotten close , but it 's not easy .
tr	O	It was a deep , lush melding of their mouths and she found herself participating with ardor .
tr	I	It reeked of bad breath , and Sounds of people panting filled the small space .
tr	I	After listening Jason complained that she again was taking too great a risk , and the discussion turned towards her plan .
tr	O	She tried to move , to sit up , and she found out she was sore in several places .
tr	O	She was burning inside and the whole range of her emotions showed down in her eyes .
tr	I	It was enough to guide her to more of the Dark Wet , but the Dark Wet still sang inside her , almost too quiet to feel .
tr	O	That leaves less than a billion people who didn 't turn and most of those people were attacked by the infected .
tr	I	We have run into some difficulties in operating it , but we have the device for which you are searching .
tr	O	My legs buckled , and I flew backwards .
tr	I	We continued to fire at them until the front door opened , his mansion in flames and more shots rang out at us .
tr	O	She 'd asked him , and she 'd sounded genuinely disappointed when he 'd just talked to her .
tr	O	Plaka was seventy years ago and if her Lucian is my Lucian , we have a huge problem .
tr	O	She nodded and he ducked under the tent flap .
tr	I	The people knew how to survive , despite the bleak conditions by living off the land , but Winter was brutal this far north .
tr	O	I didn 't know , but I knew I only had so long to run these guys off .
tr	I	I thought my eardrums would burst , and we were twenty steps away already .
tr	I	He 'll stay with you until it 's time to take you to the restaurant and a driver will be waiting for you after work .
tr	O	Mr. McGee followed her into the kitchen and a loud slap was heard by all .
tr	I	The tires had been slit and when I went outside to my sports car , it was keyed .
tr	I	I read it all the same , but I feel a pang of guilt while doing so .
tr	O	I mean , yes , I 'd seen his picture before , but there was something about him ... Then I figured it out .
tr	I	I 'm sure he has other powers , but Jonas can 't use his simulacra anymore .
tr	O	Men grumbled as they got into formation and they marched out .
tr	O	Color touched the tops of his sculpted cheekbones , and my fingers itched with the impulse to smooth his raven hair away from his forehead .
tr	I	Underneath was the hardness of something more than bone , but the robot 's flesh felt soft to his fingers .
tr	O	If they were still there , the bullets would find them , but there was no way to tell what lay in the dark .
tr	I	I stuck my head out of the dressing room and the door to the exam room opened back up .
tr	I	If I didn 't know it was Ellis I 'd probably run away , and he looks menacing .
tr	O	It would have taken Mother five minutes to walk , but she would never willingly arrive anywhere flushed with exertion .
tr	I	Septimus stays as limp as a rag , but she puts her mouth over her baby 's to try to breathe life into him .
tr	I	I could hear it clearly in the near silent dungeon , but her voice was soft .
tr	I	Mara 's trail continued past their scouting region , and then he reached the edge of the territory .
tr	I	The key was in the ignition , turned to the run position and the finger was skeletal .
tr	O	I stand up and he follows .
tr	O	Which she hadn 't , but she 'd think it .
tr	I	He shrugged his shoulders and I looked at Asher .
tr	I	A shiver of pleasure snaked through me , and I froze as his skin touched mine .
tr	O	She set the silver-haired brush down on the vanity , and Tessa saw with surprise that her hand was shaking .
tr	I	A wall of red blasted out from me in a big wave and I sent everything I had at him .
tr	I	She knew it was more for drama than from exertion , but he was breathing heavily , his nostrils flaring widely .
tr	O	Our kiss was passionate and I didn 't want it to stop .
tr	I	The insults were worse than ever , and the paintings laughed louder than ever .
tr	O	My nose pressed firmly against Callum 's chest and I got a hefty dose of fresh laundry .
tr	I	I don 't know where I 've been , but I feel like I 've just come home .
tr	I	The friendly smile was waning and concern took over his features .
tr	O	The wind dies down and the voice goes away .
tr	O	I needed a drink and I need something strong .
tr	I	I didn 't want an audience , but I wanted to try Stryker again .
tr	O	The wind of a gathering storm whipped against my body , and I held on tightly to the life-saving bricks .
tr	I	I remembered every time I 'd curled in his human arms , and I remembered every kiss we 'd ever had .
tr	I	Jenny grinned , and not sure what to say to this , Shawn just shrugged .
tr	O	I was grateful to receive a flower from anyone - but I was disappointed that it wasn 't from Brandon .
tr	O	I looked down , slightly embarrassed , but I just couldn 't wipe the wide smile off of my face .
tr	O	The closet door flew open , and Miranda spilled out , coughing .
tr	I	To my welcoming surprise , the bridge was just up ahead and I stared ahead to see where we were going .
tr	I	My shoulder was sore as hell from pitching and I 'd just got home from sophomore tryouts .
tr	I	We didn 't really know one another but we had our perceptions of one another .
tr	I	I didn 't see her but the flight attendant was usually strapped in a seat in the front .
tr	I	I imagined Talbott was really good at his job , but I didn 't know many bodyguards in general .
tr	O	He couldn 't bear to see those marks on her , and she had been suffering long enough while he helped others .
tr	O	Thank God Paul still had a hold on her arm or she would have fallen on her ass just then .
tr	I	Should I say , I don 't remember putting it here , or I didn 't .
tr	I	He doesn 't bother to hide his feelings but he hears the pain in his own voice .
tr	I	My brother didn 't care for it , and she didn 't want to at first .
tr	O	He braced himself on his hands , and his gaze raked over my clothes .
tr	O	A few more passes and he would look like himself again .
tr	I	Mom only agreed , and I hate it when she summons me that , mainly because Eleanor is the name my father chose .
tr	I	I gasped for breath and my mouth dropped open .
tr	O	He could see the hurt in her eyes , and it pained him in such an odd way .
tr	O	Slowly opening my eyes , I found I was facing the wall , and the glow of false dawn etched odd angles on everything .
tr	O	He 'd drunk them down like a man dying of thirst despite that , but there was no denying that the experience had shaken him severely .
tr	O	There was a cacophony of police car sirens behind them , and three , then four cars screeched to a halt behind the watching crowd .
tr	O	The weight bench in the corner was probably his , but everybody stored their exercise equipment in the guest room .
tr	I	She had a feeling she just looked scared , but Emma tried her best to smile .
tr	O	I want lunch and I don 't want it here .
tr	I	Finally , he gave in , suddenly switching to a violent frenzy of a rhythm that offered no mercy , and she begged .
tr	O	It is about fifty miles back to our village , and I would guess about a hundred to the next .
tr	O	I really want to hurt you right now , but I won 't if my sister loves you .
tr	O	I blink a few times , like I 'm not getting enough air and I 'm about to pass out .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure about the order , but I figured I could fix it later .
tr	I	I can 't make the laser rifle shoot , but the targets pop up again .
tr	O	Only parts of it had survived the gorge and she was making use of whatever wood she could find .
tr	O	One can take all the measurements one likes , but one can only decide when comparing it to the oxygen consumption of the ship .
tr	I	I stopped him , but he started to put it back in his pocket .
tr	O	This had been done dozens of times before , but Ellis always checked again before insertion .
tr	O	She looked at me , slightly worried , but there was a glint in her eyes .
tr	O	My fingers closed around his , and I pumped once , firmly .
tr	O	My throne lies in this Central Province and I protect the heart of this City .
tr	I	They call Phil and Andy signs off .
tr	I	We 'll go on to my place from there , and I 'll meet you at the Navy dock .
tr	O	He raised his dark eyebrows at her question , but he didn 't look away from the puppy .
tr	I	No one else , and just a little over three months , they 'd told family a few days ago .
tr	O	The lights dimmed a little and the screen lit up .
tr	I	He was working on it , but he wasn 't sure he deserved the label yet .
tr	I	She had me again , but I tried to pull away from her .
tr	O	I cannot really forget that place , and I always wish that it never happened , that I was never there .
tr	O	Late in the afternoon the storm began to die down and the rain subsided a bit .
tr	O	His hands trembled on his thighs and his breathing grew even more ragged .
tr	O	I felt his fingers squeezing my neck , and I wondered if this was it .
tr	O	She leaned partway out the window and he kissed her quickly .
tr	O	He regretted yelling at his master , but he stood by his decision .
tr	I	It echoed in the night and I let out a shriek .
tr	I	The great snowy owl drifted away on soft , noiseless wings , and then she blurred .
tr	O	I was ready to launch into a long explanation of why , but it turned out it wasn 't necessary .
tr	I	Instead you had to get us to come with you , but if you were so brave you would have come out here on your own .
tr	O	Maybe not in the way I wish we were together , but it 's close enough .
tr	O	My hands trace up the front of his bare chest , and I loop my arms around his neck .
tr	O	Matthew was still looking into Amelia 's eyes , but her face appeared to be shape-shifting before him .
tr	O	She frowned as well and her expression became pensive .
tr	O	I guess I should have told him before , but I wasn 't sure how he 'd respond .
tr	O	It was the last letter Jenny had ever written and the tone was much much different from the others .
tr	O	I couldn 't see blood , but she was freezing to the touch .
tr	I	I thought you were perfect and you came along .
tr	I	The hormones were surging after a month together , and they went on a date , then another .
tr	I	Another Arab fell to the ground and three more rifle shots rang out .
tr	I	She asked me when the last time I had ice cream was , and we sat down at a small table in the ice cream shop .
tr	I	A big cloud of despair can be lifted from him , and my dad can still be proud of what he made .
tr	O	His hand closed around the handle of his knife and he walked up the hill .
tr	O	The cool water lapped at her bare toes , and she felt the sweat roll down her neck .
tr	I	She dropped that train of thought and another bout of dizziness took over .
tr	O	I like her a lot , and she 's a good person .
tr	I	He didn 't turn around , but Kozlov froze quickly .
tr	O	They were the sort of landlords to spy on their tenants and what was planned was none of their business .
tr	O	I couldn 't talk my first time and she gets to ?
tr	I	Limbs were torn from bodies , and Blood flew into the setting sun .
tr	O	Before he could figure out what the other man meant by that , his office door flew open and Teresa stormed inside .
tr	O	He 'd obviously been worried , but his chief concern had been what he could do to help .
tr	O	The young man promised to knock on Mac 's door and shortly thereafter , another student arrived in the lounge .
tr	I	We see eye to eye , and here we help each other .
tr	O	Her h * ps moved wildly but he didn 't stop .
tr	I	Never looking inward and blaming others for bad choices ?
tr	O	They broke into the motel where we were hiding , and they staked her while she was sleeping .
tr	I	He still doesn 't look at me , but his head lowers .
tr	I	It didn 't help my impression of him and it was the first time he had spoken .
tr	I	He led me into a shop they had taken over as their guard post , and I asked .
tr	I	It silenced Lady Margaret entirely , and this she said in the most deeply affecting manner .
tr	I	She sighed as her feet took her inside after him , but she resisted with all her might .
tr	O	He heard his brothers shouting at him but he couldn 't respond .
tr	I	Kellan doesn 't even approach Dallas , and Realm refuses to talk at all .
tr	I	Jessie didn 't come to comfort me , but I covered my face with my hands .
tr	O	His voice was calm , deep , and mine was starting to get louder .
tr	O	The Tories had managed to lose the vote , and in doing so had forced a general election .
tr	O	Her eyes gleamed and she licked her bottom lip with a long , slow swipe of her tongue .
tr	I	Cisco was the official leader and many of our people , including the captain , had died of the fever .
tr	I	That changed the second he left for spring training but I was doing just fine .
tr	I	Graeme was right , and he was the sort who would have carried them on his person .
tr	O	His expression was incomprehensible , but Azalea 's wasn 't .
tr	O	She had no idea why he was more worried now , but then again she was not privy to his security briefings .
tr	O	The muted sound of a room door closing reached his ears , and he looked at Greg again .
tr	O	He 'd never enjoyed a woman 's company as much as hers , and he 'd felt like they could do anything together .
tr	I	They had done all they could , but the pilot wished that he could be of some help .
tr	O	He smoothes his finger across my cheekbone and I try not to flinch , despite the fact that I want to .
tr	O	Evan tries to console me , but it doesn 't do any good .
tr	I	That wasn 't what seized my attention , but the bars glowed a ghostly electric blue .
tr	I	That was that and you left .
tr	I	My favorite red matte lipstick finishes off the look , and my blonde hair hangs in loose , easy waves .
tr	O	It may not be blue now , but it used to be blue .
tr	I	He answered immediately and a quick glance told him it was work .
tr	I	I watched the two of them walk slowly to the car , and Garrett wrapped his arm around her waist .
tr	I	She 'd let her answering machine take the call , and the phone had rung twice while we were there .
tr	I	He bent to kiss her soft cheek and she cupped his face in her hands .
tr	I	It was hard to say with the scope of our jobs , but I 'd figured that would mean Los Angeles .
tr	I	Before long I realize that she 's staring at me and her eyes are open .
tr	I	Dee nodded her agreement as I spoke , and I unofficially confirmed it was Andrew .
tr	I	The other man did the same with Finn , and the man holding her arms yanked her toward the door .
tr	O	I knew Ben hated all of us to death , but I didn 't think he actually wanted us dead .
tr	I	I 'm going to put this whole god-awful night behind me forever , and I 'm going to go home to my family , to Thayer .
tr	O	It would be easy to magically remember the answers , but that somehow seemed like cheating .
tr	I	Overthrowing a court is so tedious , and I 've made a nice little realm for myself here .
tr	I	She simply watched me with that curious gaze of hers but I looked up at her , waiting for her reply .
tr	I	The more he pondered the situation the fewer choices he had , and his options were limited .
tr	I	Their mental bond was strong , unbreakable , but the exchange was not , perhaps , as the Carpathian mating ritual demanded .
tr	O	He regretted leaving , but how could he have let Amira run off into the darkness alone ?
tr	I	We talked to the manager as well , and we worked out all kinds of details .
tr	I	I was afraid it would be too sheer to wear , and I could barely feel it .
tr	I	I felt myself completely disassociated from it but all this activity was going on around me .
tr	I	He persisted anyway but Gage wasn 't sure he wanted to hear this .
tr	I	I just briefly observed the strange effect , and for now though , I ignored its significance , [ there wasn 't any at the time ] .
tr	I	I closed my jaw , and the relaxed , happy feeling slowly evaporated .
tr	O	I tried to wiggle it away , but it was too late .
tr	O	She sat looking confidently into the camera for several more seconds , and then the scene faded to black .
tr	O	She looked beautiful in a Diane von Furstenberg wrap dress , and diamond studs glinted in her ears .
tr	O	Now he was forced to look at how Rafe might view his dealings , and he was embarrassed by what he found .
tr	O	I 'm tired and my feet hurt .
tr	I	You are certainly mistaken or you either have a peculiar sense of humor .
tr	I	We are in the clear and Daniel turns onto another road .
tr	I	The eclipse was complete and a brief eternity passed .
tr	I	She shuddered beneath his touch , and he rested a palm on each globe of her ass .
tr	I	He 's going to take it out on Ella and I feel my inside wind into knots , worried that it 's going to upset him .
tr	I	None of it makes any sense , but he was dreaming about Mia again .
tr	O	She withdrew her hand , rising at the same time , and he stood up with her .
tr	I	Ed wanted security ready to sweep them up immediately and Hunger would force them down out of the mountains .
tr	O	Everyone was startled , but Janet got up to see who it was .
tr	O	I tried to shut my door on him , but I couldn 't get it closed fast enough .
tr	O	Occasionally Nicole glimpsed a haunted look in the generally warm hazel eyes , but at least the depression that had followed Harry 's death had lifted .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to divulge that information but I also intended to visit Don 's grave .
tr	O	Aisling like me could never leave home , but she had her ambitions too .
tr	I	I thought I was about to cry and my eyes grew wider .
tr	I	He was single-minded in his determination to achieve that objective and he had an objective .
tr	I	I felt a strong tug , and that ghostly wind soon returned .
tr	O	I 'd forgotten what county we were in , but I didn 't want to ask just yet .
tr	O	He opened his mouth to rescue her , but she 'd always hated the formulaic princes on horseback .
tr	O	His handshake was surprisingly firm , but his hands themselves were soft .
tr	O	Her heart raced at his nearness and the growling sounds he made as his tongue flicked desperately .
tr	I	I was the only one , but I hadn 't been raped .
tr	O	She tipped her head forward and he quickly relocated his arm .
tr	O	Sarah chuckled and Daniel looked at me .
tr	O	Katie 's head snapped up , and for the first time , Ric saw her expression grow guarded .
tr	O	I hear his voice , but it sounds far away .
tr	O	Leon opened his mouth to scream , but no sound came out .
tr	I	He really didn 't seem to care , truth be known but he briefly glanced at it .
tr	O	He nodded and she began playing a happy tune that he sang in perfect pitch .
tr	O	I hadn 't met Nate until last week , but I 'd like to pay my condolences to the boy 's family all the same .
tr	I	She dialed it and John told her the number .
tr	I	Devin wasn 't buying into my deceit , but despite the pain , I forced myself to keep walking .
tr	O	There was no sound and I felt no pain .
tr	I	I began to lose awareness completely , and Talbott sounded almost scared .
tr	O	She wanted the money , and she missed the sex .
tr	I	Really it wasn 't , but it seemed like a coincidence .
tr	O	Fine , so the last part was slightly exaggerated , but still , she was just as guilty .
tr	O	I cannot look at Corr 's eye or I won 't be steady .
tr	I	She could tell by the expression on his that he knew he 'd gone too far and she yanked her hand away .
tr	O	Her hand was on the latch when she felt a sharp pain on the back of her head , and then she felt nothing at all .
tr	O	I would have returned the favor , but he was too involved to stop .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I tried to move away .
tr	I	He was taking her back to retrieve her car and Everything changed once they were in the truck again .
tr	I	I could relax , and she was here .
tr	O	I love you , and I miss you .
tr	I	Most of her wounds were psychological , but she had a few bruises .
tr	O	Her legs were trembling and her fingers started moving quickly .
tr	O	The wind kicked up and the banshee screamed .
tr	I	She was part of me and I became one with her .
tr	O	Fires frightened them all , and they wanted nothing to do with them .
tr	O	I think he was supposed to sell them but he used them instead .
tr	I	Mike feared that he was on the end of a losing battle , and the beast was much stronger than it 's decaying state would suggest .
tr	O	They weren 't into me , and the feeling was unequivocally mutual .
tr	O	I felt as if I was hearing about someone else 's history , and I was fascinated .
tr	O	Terra had farm crops , but they weren 't needed on such a massive scale .
tr	O	Well , one of the inspector 's men had made the arrest , but the pair of them had worked the subsequent investigation together .
tr	I	I 'd never imagined myself on horseback , but I 'd seen people riding on television .
tr	I	He shut the door after me and slightly unnerved , I got in .
tr	O	Jacob 's little smirk became a full-blown grin , and I knew he was picturing Charlie showing up to arrest him .
tr	O	It was a precarious position to be in , and Damien felt himself start to lose his grip .
tr	O	He never saw any settlements , and the guards told him that there were no towns near .
tr	I	They hadn 't been coincidental , and we 'd seen vampire disappearances before .
tr	O	I want my subs at the wall cheering them on , but if you trip up a referee I will cut you .
tr	O	His heart beat erratically , and I held on tighter .
tr	I	I were finally preparing to leave and my phone buzzed in my purse , just as Ms. Terwilliger .
tr	O	There is not a trace of doubt in her , and I know she is not in danger of following her friend to the river .
tr	I	She was scared too , but Bridgett was being sarcastic .
tr	O	Abby nodded , and the sword lifted off her back .
tr	O	She squeezed Micah 's shoulder and he smiled up at her .
tr	O	Deborah called after him , but he didn 't respond .
tr	I	He quickly replaced it with an easy smile , but confusion crossed his handsome face for a second .
tr	I	It had to be done , but it was a terrible business .
tr	O	They were come to the Desolation of the Dragon , and they were come at the waning of the year .
tr	O	A searing jolt of fire shot up my arm from my wrist and I doubled over , grabbing the arm with my other hand .
tr	I	I thought longingly of the bed upstairs with its fluffy , white comforter and though it was only seven , I was exhausted .
tr	I	I gave him his chance to say goodbye , and I tried to put myself in his shoes .
tr	O	Craig hated to disturb the man from recovery , but he was in need of some important advice .
tr	I	The stream continued to rage and as we waited , the day turned to night .
tr	I	She laughed in happiness , and she felt herself blush .
tr	I	God does know the future and with this scroll it proves the Bible is correct .
tr	O	I prescribed the codeine before , but the last one was straight morphine in tablet form .
tr	O	Maybe that 's blunt , but I 've found that being blunt sometimes makes life easier for everyone .
tr	I	Challenging people and too many unexpected difficulties .
tr	O	Helen moved her lips but no sound came out .
tr	I	I was used to her temper , but the Valkyrie kept glaring at me .
tr	O	asked Linda behind her and she turned around .
tr	I	All her friends were out a hefty amount of money , and if there wasn 't any alcohol , her party would be ruined .
tr	I	It 's got puffy little short sleeves and the neckline comes low across my chest .
tr	O	They attack without mercy , and they allow no survivors .
tr	O	He 'd completely disarmed her with his honesty , and she adored him for it .
tr	O	Reason took over then , and I grabbed the grate .
tr	O	Most people thought all blood was the same and in some ways , perhaps it was .
tr	O	Though to any outside observer they looked the same age , she could feel all the centuries that lay between her life and Nadia 's .
tr	O	The entire kingdom was celebrating the engagement and what was more , his people needed something to celebrate .
tr	I	A hand steadied my chest and before I lost it completely , a shoulder went under my arm .
tr	I	They stopped to rest for a while and Declan seemed to realize this .
tr	I	She slumped back in her chair , so relieved she thought she might faint , and it came back empty .
tr	O	A small cry rang out , and Emily turned .
tr	O	I needed to quit eavesdropping , but it was like I was glued in place .
tr	I	It was okay , but I couldn 't finish the thought .
tr	O	He 's waited a long time for this too , and I immediately feel bad for him .
tr	O	Kelsey 's letter to Spencer was puzzling , and her letter to Emily was downright heartbreaking .
tr	I	They were finally inside the stadium and the gate attendant scanned their tickets .
tr	O	Cole glimpsed far-off flying creatures a couple of times , and once he saw some shambling mounds moving across a remote field .
tr	I	That basically meant she was in for it , and Toni sounded like a woman 's name .
tr	O	The ocean is bluer now , and the sand whiter .
tr	O	There 's a door at the end of the walkway , and Kenji pushes it open .
tr	I	He was pleased , and now someone was acknowledging his contribution .
tr	I	Blow out the flight controls if I take off , and he thinks he 'll sink me if I submerge .
tr	O	Cole could shield me from the pain of this world , and for that moment , I wanted to go with him .
tr	O	I had seen cool guys in movies do it but I looked like one leg was significantly shorter than the other .
tr	I	Then everything faded into a lemon yellow haze , like she was lying in the sunlight , and she nodded sleepily .
tr	O	She 'd made them once before and they 'd turned out all right .
tr	O	Tabitha was taken aback by the turn of the conversation but it was much better than some other possibilities .
tr	O	Misty might be dying for the water , but she 'd be foolish to drink it .
tr	O	It was the best I could do , but it wasn 't enough .
tr	I	We bedded up for the night and he lowered the lantern .
tr	I	Rema had only further aggravated her , and Cassie had walked into the room upset over something .
tr	I	All have dark pools of blood around them , but some are face up , some face down .
tr	I	I could feel Savannah tighten her grip on my hand , and our feet slipped with every step .
tr	I	She put hers in it and he held out his hand .
tr	O	I learned the Cha Cha Cha tonight and I 'm very good at it .
tr	O	I wasn 't particularly hungry , but I didn 't want him to think I didn 't eat normal stuff .
tr	O	The floor was dry and the walls were watertight .
tr	O	He was falling asleep at that very moment , and he did not care enough to fight it .
tr	I	You can become a great ruler with clean hands , but I will go down as a controversial leader .
tr	I	No one looked at him , and he spoke to no one .
tr	O	Wishing otherwise , they 'd soon have their answer , and it would come in a form that none could have been predicted .
tr	O	Peter liked Sera when she looked good and he could show her off .
tr	O	His fingertips traced the edge of my cheek , and suddenly , the warmth of the sunshine felt like nothing compared to the heat of that touch .
tr	I	Mortimer instantly halted and Evangeline called out .
tr	I	Sweat wouldn 't be breaking out on my forehead and if I were a real spy , my heart wouldn 't be knocking against my ribcage .
tr	O	He tried to stay in the shadows of the yards on the opposite side of his house but it was hard because his excitement .
tr	O	She yawned , and his smile became a genuine one .
tr	I	She did not reply , but hellfire eyes narrowed at me .
tr	I	Thrust into that arena would prove incapable of ruling themselves , and they had no capacity for politics .
tr	O	I should be happy , but this is all incomplete .
tr	I	This time , she couldn 't stay , but it was usually Shane who ran away .
tr	I	Yet he couldn 't control himself and he knew it was wrong to flirt with her .
tr	I	The posters they circulated are blowing round like tumbleweed and the search has been cut back again .
tr	O	The crossing at that point was the best to be found for a considerable distance in either direction , and consequently several Indian trails converged there .
tr	I	I only know of the two leaves that are available for now but of course the whole book is probably of huge importance to us .
tr	O	He didn 't make first string , but he was getting reps in practice .
tr	O	She had her arms around me , and while we were both smiling , we weren 't looking at the camera .
tr	O	He shrugged , and my smile faded .
tr	O	This is by far the slightest , but I thought he 'd want to come to hang out with me .
tr	I	My hands were too cold for me to care , but the hall to my door seemed lonelier than usual .
tr	I	Gustav didn 't sound concerned about Jeff 's well being , but the words were said .
tr	I	Together they waited for the inevitable and he reached for Maggie 's hand .
tr	O	This has to be the least conventional relationship anyone 's ever heard of , but it 's ours .
tr	O	They had drunk too much and each man was trying to outdo the others in displaying his prowess on horseback .
tr	I	We 're not trying to save my kind , but I believe you probably stayed up long enough to get the general idea .
tr	O	I didn 't want to lie to him but I couldn 't tell him the truth either .
tr	I	The other three crowded around the piano , and Ji Hu sat with him on the bench .
tr	I	My skin crawled , and I looked back .
tr	O	The Alchemists complied , and once they were unarmed , I ordered them over to the far side of the roof where she stood .
tr	I	She had to find it quickly and the bottom line was that she had to find whatever was waiting to be discovered on the mall roof .
tr	O	Yuri tried to plan , but it was quite impossible .
tr	O	He would arrive tomorrow night , and Anne arranged for Alexandra 's father to take her for the week that he would be here .
tr	O	He was smart , and he was kind .
tr	O	This is a school of gifted students and it doesn 't typically happen here anyway .
tr	I	He wouldn 't meet her eyes but she turned to look at him .
tr	O	smiled Sharon , and I felt furious with him .
tr	O	He seemed happy enough and they were worried that he could not fend for himself , having told them that Frank was moving on .
tr	I	His other senses were in overdrive , but fear was keeping his eyes closed .
tr	O	There 's not as much blood as there was in New Mexico , and Eight lived through that .
tr	I	I immediately roll my eyes , and James is next to me .
tr	I	Her sister , your great aunt , brought her back days later , and she was killed in an accident .
tr	I	He was going to relish every part of it and this was going to be a long afternoon .
tr	O	I walked on the right side of the handrail and James instantly began to walk up the stairs on the left side , following me .
tr	O	I love my brother , and you make him happy .
tr	O	It did not make sense , but then the man did not expect things to make sense .
tr	I	He didn 't think it was another hospital , but he had no idea where he was , when he was .
tr	I	My stomach fluttered , and I looked down .
tr	I	Kellan smiled softly when he saw me from the couch , and I came down when it was close enough to leave .
tr	O	She respected real men and the Hunters were as masculine as they came .
tr	O	Damn it , I 'm locked up like an animal in a cage and I can 't get to you .
tr	I	She won 't waste her magic on a rainbow and when you fall , the heavens won 't weep .
tr	I	We agreed to meet at the farm , and I told him the earliest would be Sunday morning , late .
tr	O	The moonlight faded away , and the wind picked up .
tr	O	The elevator chimed almost instantly and the doors slid open .
tr	O	It took him all day , but finally he found himself back in the market where the Red Hollows had their stall .
tr	O	I knew he was studying in that school but I didn 't imagine that I would also be in the same section of his class .
tr	I	The council had Taken Steps , and there had been some vandalism in the graveyard the previous year .
tr	O	Pia 's strident tone followed him into the room and she was not far behind .
tr	I	I blushed fiercely and he raised an eyebrow at that .
tr	I	She must have wanted them to meet me for some reason , and I guess I haven 't actually agreed to help her yet .
tr	I	She flashed a heart-stopping smile and her mouth curved .
tr	I	He knows it and we ´ re no match for him .
tr	O	I haven 't eaten in almost two days , and the sight of the crates makes me light-headed .
tr	I	I couldn 't get through to his cell , but I tried to reach him to let him know I was coming .
tr	I	It was better than nothing , but it was too small .
tr	O	He said something to his partner and they both turned to face the house .
tr	O	This was her life now and she had to take control .
tr	I	She plucked at the charm that hung around Madrigal 's neck , and a frown creased her scaled brow .
tr	O	I reach for it on the nightstand and two new messages are displayed .
tr	I	He went out and he had a um , call last night .
tr	O	Her eyes shot up toward the buildings quickly , but they dropped as a voice spoke .
tr	O	All the vampires laughed at that , and a shiver went down my spine .
tr	O	She couldn 't locate him , but she knew he was there .
tr	I	The two looked at stars through the thinning clouds , and the rain had stopped .
tr	O	She tracked the bird with the crossbow , but something in her refused to kill it .
tr	O	It was an unaccustomed outburst and we travelled in silence for a space .
tr	O	Maybe it 's callous , but I 'm not that worried about him .
tr	O	I felt I was caught in a wave , and it was spinning me around .
tr	I	I remained firm , yet as I listened to her words questions exploded in my consciousness .
tr	I	It 's happening , but it 's very slow .
tr	I	Now she speculated she was on her fifth shot of Jack Daniel 's , and she had about four Wild Turkeys in 1963 before she left .
tr	O	We need to know the sitch and you 're sitting like a stone .
tr	I	It 's hard to tell time , but we 've been here for a while .
tr	I	Even Magnus looked unsettled , and Izzy 's face was drained white with horror .
tr	I	She was undeniably popular with the men in attendance , but Lady Sybil obviously didn 't have many female friends .
tr	I	Conway came in and a few moments later the room door slid open .
tr	I	That 's what Mia wanted to do , and Gran made jewelry when she was alive .
tr	I	Her stomach fluttered , and her heart raced .
tr	I	My eardrums ached from the noise , and my chest rumbled from the vibrations .
tr	I	His quill continued to scratch away on the parchment , and the man at the table merely laughed .
tr	O	Daddy seemed all ... gooey , and his eyes were shiny .
tr	O	He wasn 't usually the sappy , romantic type , but something about this environment had turned him into one .
tr	O	He smiles at his own words , and he sighs in great relief .
tr	O	The heartache , loss , fear , and intense love I 'd pushed away .
tr	I	She disappeared around the corner , and I signaled Kara to leave .
tr	O	I 'd made my own mother feel worthless , and I 'd laughed about it .
tr	I	It was rolling in like massive brown clouds across the water and the smoke was thick .
tr	I	They go through the motions anyway , but both parties know what is happening .
tr	I	I hate being pushed , but fear is driving most of my outburst .
tr	I	I guess I must look a mess , and her eyes are full of pity though .
tr	O	Natalia , who you met last week , was desperate to marry my brother and I thought it would happen .
tr	I	He pretended right back that they didn 't , but he knew the Exiles knew he was pretending .
tr	O	Yes he was upset , but this was so stupid .
tr	I	I did finally figure it out , but I may not be the sharpest tool in the shed .
tr	O	A few twists of a knife blade , and I made again for the quarries , to dig more honest stone .
tr	O	He looked back at me with a slight air of anger and I knew that he didn 't appreciate me interrupting their conversation .
tr	I	The video store had offered her a job first but she 'd tried to get on at Annie 's .
tr	O	I can 't understand him at all , and I definitely can 't comprehend what it is about me that has Jake so worked up .
tr	O	She was still buzzing about the dance and they 'd apparently been talking about it .
tr	I	It was a real mess , and a lightening bolt in the sky lit up for the moment , the torrent of waters .
tr	I	In the final I shall fall , but I shall win my next joust , aye .
tr	O	A slight movement caught his eye , and he looked up to see Hemlock hovering just outside his door .
tr	O	He recovered his duffel and slung it over his shoulder .
tr	I	I could feel the condemnation radiating from her , but my back was to her .
tr	O	Sally made her way into me , and I held her .
tr	O	I don 't know what I ever did to you to make you hate me so much , but I 'm done being your little voodoo doll .
tr	O	It was distant , but it felt closer .
tr	I	They wanted receipts , but they didn 't particularly care how much was spent .
tr	O	They had all settled in with Mac and things seemed to be working out well , with him in the group .
tr	I	There was a letter from James , and Breakfast was waiting .
tr	I	A sword was fastened around his waist , and his hair was tied up in a ponytail .
tr	O	The door to the bath chamber suddenly opened , and I jerked my head up as a servant peered in .
tr	O	Lena 's eyes narrowed to watchful slits , and the color drained from Sarah 's cheeks .
tr	O	I lifted my arms to stretch , but one of them fell .
tr	I	It might just be that he was swaying ... or the earth seemed to move beneath his feet .
tr	O	She was protecting herself , and he understood that completely .
tr	I	I can 't , but I 'm sorry .
tr	O	He blinked and his lips parted .
tr	I	For the time being he kept his mouth shut about it but Daniel was less convinced .
tr	I	I began to feel nauseated and the scream grew louder .
tr	O	I slowly nodded and my voice was thick when it finally came out .
tr	O	she cried , vaulting up onto the counter , and she flung herself from the top of it as her weapon exploded into brightness .
tr	O	When the attendants came to feed her , she tried to grab them , and they had to be careful not to get too close to her .
tr	I	I will knock you unconscious and speak ill of her again .
tr	I	Her heart turned over and Hal grinned at Karen .
tr	I	There was a good chance that I wouldn 't be back and I left the house then .
tr	O	It took Tristan a few seconds , but soon he had freed himself of the conflagration .
tr	O	Blake had an uncharacteristic desire to make Mark , and all his callousness , squirm in his chair .
tr	I	His breath was ripped away from him , and he felt as if he was breathing .
tr	O	The gate flew open , and Bluebell burst out of it like a devil out of hell who was down on his quota for the month .
tr	I	Elves aren 't an obvious target , and harpies aren 't an obvious weapon .
tr	I	I can 't leave Colville , but I know you 're disappointed .
tr	I	She can tell he is mad , but he isn 't looking at her .
tr	O	It was simple statement , but my head was spinning .
tr	I	Booths were being dismantled and sellers were packing up .
tr	I	Alex was just warming up and after five they were breathing heavily .
tr	O	She yelled as she went down , and she started fighting .
tr	O	I silence myself , but the screaming goes on .
tr	I	The children that are born rarely survive the first year of life , but no one knows why .
tr	O	You said you and your wife , sorry , ex-wife , still hang around the same circles .
tr	I	I stood covering myself as best I could , and I had not been wolf long enough to become comfortable with my nudity .
tr	O	An inaudible series of voice tones are emitted and a series of mechanical clicks sound from behind the light .
tr	I	His legs were shaking and he could barely move .
tr	O	Jason put the car in drive and away we went .
tr	I	She was ready to kick some major ass , and she was feeling invincible .
tr	I	The lioness was not hurrying toward the surface of me , but my pulse was speeding up .
tr	I	We 'll always be grateful that we had the honor of serving with him in the Marines and he was an extremely talented engineer .
tr	O	We were almost at the bus stop , and I totally didn 't get his humor .
tr	I	She cuddled him in her arms and Dante collapsed on top of her .
tr	O	Her face was scrubbed clean of any makeup and she was beautiful .
tr	I	It escalates quickly to drugs and when she 's drinking nothing else matters .
tr	O	You are strong and I admire you a whole lot .
tr	O	She felt her ribcage split apart with the force of the blow , and she rolled over on the ground in agonizing pain .
tr	I	My throat was too dry , but I wanted to call out a greeting .
tr	O	There were some desperate months , and that first winter was terrible .
tr	I	I saw the disappointment in his eyes , but Evan kissed my forehead .
tr	O	He spent a lot of time out there because he loved being close to nature and the view was always pretty .
tr	I	To improve matters further : damp , and it is also excruciatingly cold .
tr	O	Rock faced the door , and I admired his ass in the briefs .
tr	I	He was going to take Gregory away before he had a chance to learn , and he didn 't know how to feed a pig .
tr	O	She 'd always told Beth that she was beautiful , and she truly felt that way .
tr	I	According to Conrad , it was only because they 'd cheated , but the teachers won by a score of 1-0 .
tr	I	The beat was calm , soothing , but he didn 't recognize the band .
tr	O	She stamps out , slamming the door , and then she 's gone .
tr	O	He eyed Ava , his mouth hanging open like he was about to say something , and then he paused .
tr	O	There is a measure of danger involved but Willow hasn 't gone through the full five month process like most hosts do .
tr	I	The other attached a white cape to fastenings at his shoulders , and one politely motioned for him to step into a pair of shiny black boots .
tr	O	Suddenly an idea came to him , and its sheer purity almost blinded him .
tr	O	It 's the follower , the second guy and there 's more sounds of arrival behind them .
tr	I	At that point the strip sagged about a quarter of an inch below the tabletop edge , and two of these nails had pulled out .
tr	I	That didn 't help , and she looked at him .
tr	I	It was something to do , but my stomach wasn 't asking for food .
tr	I	They had to remain completely focused , but Killian once told me they could heal themselves .
tr	I	The taste of the beverage he was currently downing was not at all bad , but Dennis had never had much of a liking for beer .
tr	O	I couldn 't see the girl behind him , but I sure heard her sharp intake of breath .
tr	O	Well , a widow 's walk isn 't inside , but you can 't say it 's outside , either .
tr	I	We 'll go and pick someplace .
tr	I	His eyebrows set against me and his lips pursed .
tr	I	I 'm truly sorry I had to , and I know I interrupted a tender moment .
tr	O	Ben gave him the keys , and he started up the Ford .
tr	O	I open my mouth to speak , but only a squeak comes out .
tr	O	He 's shaved today , and it makes him look younger .
tr	O	You are growing inside of me , and we made the trip together .
tr	I	I 'm still coming back for more and you 've given me your worst .
tr	O	It was loud enough to wake the neighborhood , but I was tired enough to sleep through anything .
tr	I	She moaned , and he shifted to bring his shaft into contact with her core .
tr	O	The family seems happy to have me back and I 'm happy to be here with them .
tr	O	She was hitting a nerve and she liked it .
tr	O	Her eyes misted with emotion and she gave his hand a supportive squeeze .
tr	O	I should be glad he replied , but this isn 't the sort of sweet , romantic message I was hoping for .
tr	O	His longish hair , combed back , still glistened with water and his blue eyes seemed even bluer in contrast to his deep tan .
tr	I	Ken grinned at them and a head leaned in from above .
tr	O	He started to try to talk her out of it , but Martha gently cut him off .
tr	O	His name is actually Stefan Martinelli , and Louise is his mother 's cousin .
tr	I	Her mind spun as she tried to come up with something acceptable and her father was waiting for an answer .
tr	O	They want to help , and they 're going to .
tr	O	The Gold Jester is within arm 's reach and the Black Jester takes advantage .
tr	O	It was like a prayer , but he knew it wasn 't a prayer to the Mother .
tr	I	She would be fine and she was strong in every sense of the word .
tr	O	He was usually brusque when they woke , but she could tell this was much worse .
tr	O	She carried one side , and I grabbed the other .
tr	I	It made him cringe and he remembered what Mrs. Morris said .
tr	O	She felt indignant that everyone else knew and she 'd been completely in the dark .
tr	I	He won 't be in jail forever but he was arrested on some small charges a while back .
tr	I	Her hand tightened around the gun , and Eva shook her head .
tr	O	These were our guys , and now they had guns .
tr	I	My locomotive control had left me at the precise moment when I needed to locomote and my senses had deserted me .
tr	I	Desires were satisfied and they were all too worried about making sure their own tiny wants .
tr	O	Mandi knew that she had started this and she wanted to end it .
tr	O	He didn 't look happy , but he did look ... hungry .
tr	I	We were still flying and I was inches away .
tr	I	When I realized what happened , I knew the archangels had tampered with death , but I missed it at first .
tr	I	Lingering exhaust fumes , or she couldn 't smell the dirt of the city .
tr	O	I didn 't take anything for granted , but that didn 't mean I didn 't have pride .
tr	O	That last part was spoken with a knowing tone , and I ignored it .
tr	O	I 'm not sure exactly why Vash created the falls , but they are spectacular to look at .
tr	I	A closer examination revealed a more sinister tableau , but the entire scene reeked of 1950 's Americana .
tr	O	She had no desire to die , but she could not allow anything to stop her message , regardless of the danger .
tr	O	We were just in uncharted territory , and nobody really knew what to do .
tr	I	We drove in silence and Aisling came on time .
tr	I	He seemed acutely aware of everyone else as well , but he watched us approach .
tr	I	My legs are bound in rope and CHAPTER TWELVE My hands are cuffed .
tr	I	It still wasn 't enough sleep for him to catch up , but since then , he 'd been alternating nights .
tr	I	He didn 't offer his hand , but Ethan closed the distance between them .
tr	O	My voice broke , and my cheeks turned hot .
tr	O	Tucker might not know a mother 's love , but I was thankful he had McKenna .
tr	O	Jackson kissed me softly and I melted into him .
tr	O	They had been joined that next summer , and she proved to be his perfect match .
tr	O	We 've left California , but we can 't run forever .
tr	I	The Heavenly odor of the Cajun cream sauce wafted gently inviting me to join in a game of culinary foreplay and Matt placed our plates before us .
tr	I	The next he was gone , and one minute he was there .
tr	I	None of them had held her interest for long , but they had all been nice guys .
tr	O	It was too bad they couldn 't take everyone , but she was the one in the most danger .
tr	O	Last eve , Eveline was taken by McHugh and his escape was aided by men I trusted .
tr	O	It quickly faded and the sound of the gunfire grew louder .
tr	I	We end up flipping houses like this and Joey got himself a realtor 's license .
tr	O	Yes , it 's a sleazy business , but someone has to do it .
tr	O	The hot look left her fumbling for some sense of calm , but there was none to be had .
tr	I	She didn 't lose control of the spinning balls , but Dahlia looked startled .
tr	O	Simon turned to look at Clary , and she felt it like a punch to the stomach .
tr	O	He tried to get his freedom , but his father wouldn 't let go .
tr	O	I survey the room , and then my eyes widen .
tr	O	There was a small door behind it and he took a key from his pocket .
tr	O	There was a brief flare of light from the outer passage as she opened the hatch , then shadows once more and she was gone .
tr	O	My heart began to beat wildly and my magic was barely under control .
tr	I	Lauren went into his embrace and when she let her go , Max held out his arms .
tr	I	Eli shouted in frustration , and their fingers brushed .
tr	I	Ana poured the water over the petal and the kettle began to boil .
tr	I	The Interlink wrote new programs to solve the problems of human life , and original programs created the Interlink .
tr	O	He felt her crumple into his arms and he held her tight against him .
tr	I	I 'm itchy with the need to get the hell out of here , and it 's a precarious feeling .
tr	O	I know from its face that it was not painless but I can at least hope it was not prolonged .
tr	O	She 'd been sickly all her life , and it was only natural that I would return home to nurse her .
tr	I	I knew German quite well , and I hoped we might get among a different sort of people .
tr	I	His pain slowed him down , but Nick tried to lunge at him once more .
tr	I	No word has come back yet , but I sent two pairs of scouts down the trail .
tr	I	Her head was dizzy , and her wounds still throbbed despite the peace she felt .
tr	I	This time , the elf gracefully avoided his hands , but the Mage reached out to him .
tr	O	I wanted desperately to tell him who Phoenix was , but if I did , the whole plan would be ruined .
tr	I	They didn 't have a better alternative , but this was a risky move .
tr	I	Her inquisitiveness seeps through her eyes but she asks , trying to appear annoyed .
tr	I	I knew she 'd heard , but she didn 't pause as she raced toward me .
tr	I	You didn 't have to and The food you made is delicious and thank you .
tr	O	He longed for some warm tea and he was frozen to the bone .
tr	O	I pursed my lips , trying to concentrate , but explanations seemed just out of reach .
tr	O	He grimaced , but I continued .
tr	I	All three headed to the exit , and he took the key from Eric 's hand then got the lantern off the sculpture .
tr	O	We succeeded , or we died .
tr	I	Jake seemed not to notice , but it wasn 't an answer at all .
tr	O	Two of the warriors strode forward , and one dumped a skin of water on Diego 's face .
tr	O	Seraph blades burned so brightly that Will always expected them to give off heat , but their blades were ice cold to the touch .
tr	I	The three of them turned to leave the garden , and she accepted Harrison 's arm .
tr	O	Rome kissed him but it was perfunctory .
tr	O	Tell Paul I 'm fine , and I 'll see him later .
tr	O	His brow furrowed and he raised a finger , starting to speak .
tr	O	Your mother does , and she hates me .
tr	I	I have been pleased to record his final wishes on this paper and he has asked this of me this day .
tr	O	She 's fine and David is gone .
tr	O	They took the scenic route along the water 's edge for a while , and Katie stared off into the water .
tr	I	His eyes remained haughty , but Lorcan moved in his seat .
tr	O	My breath remained trapped in my throat , and my knees began to shake , threatening to buckle beneath me .
tr	I	I visited the scene of the accident and I saw the photos in the newspaper .
tr	I	I had begged them on my knees to let me stay there , and I remembered the morning my brothers had come to take me home .
tr	O	She felt the squash of his hooked nose giving way beneath the onslaught , and his reaction to the pain allowed her to jerk from his grip .
tr	I	The vicious creature speaks again , drawing Pen 's attention back to her , but her eyes widen .
tr	O	The keels have all been laid , and they 're starting on the ribs .
tr	I	His face was wrong , but the words were right .
tr	O	Pouring dark red wine in glasses and frying up wild mushrooms .
tr	I	Based on approximation since they left the lab , it was now nearing dawn , but it was still dark .
tr	I	Bex didn 't bat an eye , but a guilty look passed over Liz 's face .
tr	O	The song ended and a slow one took its place .
tr	I	I can only stare at him , but he holds out a business card .
tr	I	She was probably on the top of that list and they were paying off all of the volunteers who could provide damaging information .
tr	O	Then he gives a little chuckle , and a door shuts .
tr	I	You put yourself in their path , and you see the other guy coming .
tr	O	Granted , she idolized her dad , but Rachel had become the evil stepmother .
tr	I	I place my hand up and picking up a bottle , he is about to pour some in a wine glass .
tr	O	I claw at the hands holding me , but I only end up scratching myself .
tr	I	You seemed in dire need of the rest , but I know you asked me not to let you sleep .
tr	O	I didn 't understand his somber look after such a satisfying experience , but I didn 't ask him what he was thinking .
tr	I	She responded in kind and they addressed her in Welsh .
tr	I	It didn 't reach his eyes , but he smiled .
tr	I	The seconds felt like hours but it lasted only a few seconds .
tr	O	Her jaw dropped , but she snapped it shut .
tr	I	At first , I thought he was surprised by my question , and Dad blinked rapidly .
tr	I	I pull the door open without a second glance , but the shower is still running .
tr	I	I coiled my body around his , and a powerful tension curled inside me .
tr	O	She was vulnerable , but no one realized it .
tr	I	He growled his approval into her mouth and she melted against him with a soft sigh .
tr	O	Caroline is fine and Emily will get the best of care at Royal North Shore .
tr	I	So she thought ... or a close call .
tr	O	He said nothing , but Donna did .
tr	I	His breath caught , and she nipped gently at his lips , teasing him .
tr	I	It seems that people don 't have that kind of restriction , but the gods we just created aren 't permitted to kill .
tr	O	Something amusing flashed in Dorian 's eyes , and I knew he 'd guessed my ruse .
tr	I	He was ready to turn away , and his hand was on the car .
tr	O	A whimper fell from my parted lips and I couldn 't argue .
tr	I	They were after me , and they were hunters .
tr	I	He was leaning one arm on the roof as he silently watched the interplay , and his door was open .
tr	O	I need to have flesh contact , and I don 't make it a practice of abusing my gift .
tr	O	He will sense your presence , and you will feel his triumph .
tr	I	She exhibited little of it in this unpleasant matter , but he 'd long admired Lorraine for her common sense .
tr	I	Since Dean didn 't drive , the judge hadn 't allowed Finch to include the vehicles , and search warrants were very specific .
tr	O	It was now free from its captor , but it had no legs to right itself .
tr	O	She hesitated , but he was consistent with his direction .
tr	I	Zeus watched her stare and she looked out the window .
tr	O	She winked at me and my blood boiled over as I stared at the curl of her red lips .
tr	I	It 's too easy for me to distract myself but not that I feel there 's essentially anything wrong with that .
tr	O	As he expected , the patch burst and it lost its light almost instantly .
tr	I	The sky is rust and the sun is down .
tr	O	You think people are going to stay together forever , but they don 't .
tr	O	The sting hurt , the surprise of it frightened her , but it was the ensuing pain that made her head hang .
tr	O	It was standing astride some kind of hover board and it grinned wickedly .
tr	O	He came up with the right amount , but that didn 't make him feel better .
tr	I	They wouldn 't think of cutting back , but the partners are always griping about it .
tr	O	I give him a smile , and he returns his with a wink .
tr	I	I 'd never tried it , but maybe I was a prude .
tr	O	She didn 't say one word about the terror swamping her , but she knew Gage sensed it .
tr	I	She fell backward and one smacked her hard .
tr	O	She was going to leave him to be discovered by Mark , and he couldn 't argue that he didn 't deserve it .
tr	I	Shadows had begun to fill the streets , and Twilight was laying siege to the day .
tr	I	The best I could manage in terms of turning her away , but it was abysmal .
tr	O	She wished she could kiss him awake and they could spend the day making love .
tr	I	I wasn 't surprised , but he appeared very drunk .
tr	I	He couldn 't understand it and she was in the same state after every session .
tr	O	I look into Ryland 's eyes and I see the bleakness of his decision .
tr	O	When James finished his , he tapped his glass again and the young woman came running .
tr	O	She moved to grab my arm , but I jerked out of her grasp .
tr	O	The car screeched to a halt in front of Ben 's apartment and my chest felt like a drum .
tr	I	Sticking out further than the others was a blue mini bus , and noticeable by the colour .
tr	O	I wanted to believe everything she was saying , but I knew the truth of who I was .
tr	I	Then he turned his attention to my ribs , and First , he cleaned the scratches on my face , put antibiotic ointment on them .
tr	O	I rolled my eyes , but I had to laugh .
tr	I	Then again he doesn 't really disbelieve it , but Zeph doesn 't really believe Charlie is going insane .
tr	O	Young Toby 's life was changing rapidly , and he was dealing with situations in a deceptively hostile environment .
tr	I	One detail from our conversation sticks with me , but I 'm not sure if anything I said really helped Ella .
tr	O	There were small bottles in the bar before me , but I didn 't want to throw anything hard at them .
tr	I	He liked that she was unafraid to challenge him but he wasn 't used to being so openly disobeyed .
tr	I	I have to stay in this moment for a little while , feeling its significance , but I know I should leave .
tr	I	He 'd said it then and she 'd asked Royce , when he was Colin , who Beatrice was .
tr	O	She 'd already squandered her fifteen-minute break and that was her last of the evening .
tr	I	I hugged it to my chest , but the hooked knife nearly slipped from my grip .
tr	I	She draws her lower lip between her teeth as her eyes close , and I look up from where I 'm working on her .
tr	O	Her mother was all the family she had left and Catherine was determined not to lose her .
tr	O	Henry did his own laundry , and as long as there were no marks on his face , he could hide what had happened .
tr	I	Still , his condition hadn 't changed and they had slept most of the day .
tr	I	The verse itself was able to restrict specific areas , and the Guard could track almost anyone in the world .
tr	I	It was a welcome respite from the sulfurous burn of the cavern , but the air had a mineral tang .
tr	O	We don 't see each other again , and you can tell Chelsea whatever you want .
tr	O	I was scared , but I was also very angry .
tr	O	Sometimes she was desperate and it showed .
tr	O	Juanita had helped her , and now she was gone ?
tr	O	Sheree had asked if she wouldn 't be more comfortable inside , but Mara insisted she was fine where she was .
tr	I	I 'll show you and if you don 't believe it then let 's go take a little ride .
tr	I	He slowly kisses the length of my neck and he tilts my head back so I 'm looking up at the sky .
tr	O	Richard was standing behind her , and Julie tugged on his hand .
tr	O	His nominations were stalled in the Senate , and when George W. Bush was elected , Fawcett 's future remained in Roanoke .
tr	I	Natalie gripped the bedclothes , and nausea rumbled .
tr	O	He was taller than me though , and he caught up in no time .
tr	O	He had been declared dead by an immortal and somehow those words had struck a chord .
tr	O	She was impossible , and as far as I knew , she didn 't know how much time I 'd spent with him .
tr	I	He loved being out on the water with Elle and Aran had joined them several times in a sail around the neighboring islands .
tr	I	I couldn 't decide which ones to use , and a multitude of words crowded my throat .
tr	I	He hadn 't wanted anything like this , but Cain had often wished he 'd never have to see Amy again .
tr	I	His wife 's at least as devious as he is , so I wouldn 't trust her , either , but he 's married now .
tr	I	Maybe she went to get some help , but maybe she finally lost track of them .
tr	O	It was the day before she died and I was sitting on the side of her hospital bed , holding her hand .
tr	O	For the first time she was truly glad and thankful Adri was there with her .
tr	I	Eugene was patting his back as the swordsman sat up to catch his breath and Isaac was coughing .
tr	I	She still wasn 't over him and he 'd finished the messy business with Desdemona over a hundred years ago .
tr	O	She whispered into his ear , and he lifted his hand , giving us the thumbs-up .
tr	I	Donny was far from worried , but the storm was getting closer .
tr	I	I gazed out across the infinite sky , and he led me to a glass railing .
tr	O	He had no idea how long he had before the sanitarium went up , but he doubted if it was more than a couple of minutes .
tr	O	There were cries in the distance , and it was not just my men .
tr	I	She never noticed you but secretly you were in love with her .
tr	I	It was time for her to leave and Paul would be back from work soon .
tr	O	Courtney grabbed the other girl 's shoulders and her fingers dug into Annie 's arms .
tr	I	He hadn 't known she was unhappy , and he had dated her for three years .
tr	I	I couldn 't wait for tomorrow to take you to the hotel and they may open up tomorrow .
tr	O	She beckons to me , and I sit down next to her .
tr	I	I always knew when it was going to happen , but I didn 't sit around moping about a guy who never called .
tr	I	My heart skipped a beat and his fingers moved , twisting a lock .
tr	I	I grabbed his wrist , but Benji started to drink .
tr	O	I still felt tired , though , and I knew I would for the next several hours .
tr	I	We should never have attempted two rescue missions simultaneously and the operation was dangerous .
tr	I	Pulled them down the steps leading away from the guesthouse and * * * Bill motioned the others out the door .
tr	I	It felt good , and Daniel felt tough .
tr	O	You have achieved your place , but the rest of us are not as lucky .
tr	I	Here they were protecting my dark secrets and I barely knew the two of them .
tr	I	Her mouth went dry , and she turned toward him .
tr	I	Now it 's over , and he 's had fun .
tr	O	Her heart was hammering against her ribs , and she couldn 't have stopped herself from flattening her hands on his chest to save her life .
tr	I	It 'd gone into remission and they caught it early .
tr	I	I didn 't , but my heart jumped .
tr	I	We stepped in , and the elevator dinged .
tr	O	He struggled to push her off , and almost succeeded , then froze when the bloody tip of Mason 's sword came to rest against his neck .
tr	O	The leather ripped , and her hands bled .
tr	O	Johnny was there , and Mom came by .
tr	I	Nothing , nothing had prepared him for it , but he 'd contemplated the moment when he could truly consider himself a father .
tr	I	They were etched deeply with concern and Amory had the same black eyes that I had .
tr	O	Ethan hesitated for a second , but then he resolved to be honest .
tr	I	Declan knew so much , and Cole knew so little about the Outskirts .
tr	I	It 's followed by yells as we hit the dirt and someone screams from the crowd .
tr	I	She gave a soft chuckle , and an answering tremor ran through her .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure she was accomplishing anything , but she tried not to let her nervousness show .
tr	I	I knew there was at least the hint of an innuendo there and the question reminded me of the last time he offered it up .
tr	O	I couldn 't even bear to see my own hands , but I knew they were purple , the color of King .
tr	O	The motors groaned slightly and the issue became moot .
tr	I	It was her language I learned first and her milk infected me with her venom .
tr	O	She knew how to handle her split with Tony and she didn 't need Lise telling her how to do it .
tr	O	The road ended a couple of miles up , and none of his neighbors owned a Honda .
tr	O	Stacker also moved quickly , but he simply removed the wedge he had used to keep open the lift doors .
tr	I	I need to place some distance between us and this bathroom is too small .
tr	O	Braydon spoke to Angelique , but he looked at me .
tr	I	I was enjoying it just as much as any other suspect who 'd just come clean , and he was letting that warmth wash over me .
tr	I	I drank a few sips at a time , and he sat next to me , held the cup .
tr	O	She is trying to stay cool but I can tell she is terrified .
tr	I	Now I would give that motherfucker a piece of my mind , but I had to turn it off when I was on the floor .
tr	I	She was no longer content with it , but his kiss drove her from her senses .
tr	O	He tried to soften his voice , but he wasn 't very practiced in the art of condolences .
tr	I	You 're not taking advantage of him , and he 's not taking advantage of you .
tr	I	She found her way out and she needed a clean break .
tr	O	The search of the Hutchinson family home lasted an hour , and Ernest feigned surprise when they failed to find the missing pistol .
tr	O	She opened her eyes a slit , cautious just in case he 'd pretended to walk out , but no one was in the room .
tr	O	A knock on the door disturbs his train of thought and he jerks his head up angrily .
tr	O	We got the pre-party plan out of the way and now it was time for the night of epicness to begin .
tr	O	It had to be military , but it looked old , like somebody had worn it forever .
tr	I	I understand it now , but I didn 't know what he meant then .
tr	I	Perhaps he feared that the youngsters would run off with the book when he was not looking , or the owner of the stall was growing impatient .
tr	O	Goose bumps rose on her arms and her whole body shook with shivers .
tr	I	I felt the muscles in my lower stomach tighten , and my heart jumped in my chest .
tr	I	It was enough to allow his escape , but it wasn 't enough to completely heal him .
tr	O	Panic reared and I failed at pushing it down .
tr	I	They joined in the line of people waiting for food and he handed her a plate .
tr	O	I rolled my eyes but I didn 't protest .
tr	O	The captain was right , no free passage out , but surrender with a guarantee we 'll not kill them .
tr	O	Not a throng , but easily several hundred bathed in the sickly green light of that surreal moon .
tr	O	A dark trickle of blood ran between her fingers , and she brought her hand quickly to her mouth .
tr	I	We stood in the dark for a few seconds -- not quite touching , not quite moving and I shut the bedroom door .
tr	I	I leaned into her and Melissa shrugged her shoulders .
tr	O	The caller had Theresa 's full attention and she sat up higher in her seat .
tr	O	I felt two very distinct ripples of frustration , and then the bed was empty apart from me .
tr	O	The drought has forced them much deeper , but I suppose one patch of trees is as good as any other .
tr	O	Dervish echoes , but I don 't answer .
tr	O	The kid went unconscious immediately and the giant attacking Leah immediately disappeared .
tr	O	I think she hates it , but she 'll get over it .
tr	I	Even friends change , grow , even a man like me can mature when he 's ready , but we 've been friends for years .
tr	I	My access card wouldn 't open it again , but I have no idea why I even tried .
tr	O	That was true , and right now it was all I wanted to share .
tr	O	We 're staying here one more day , and then we 'll be heading toward Plymouth also .
tr	O	He did blink , but it wasn 't long .
tr	O	Then I was back on the hilltop , and I could no longer feel the pulse of the earth .
tr	I	Andrea couldn 't look away from Fionn , but she heard Ronan 's gasp of delight .
tr	O	I was worried that the trail I had laid would be lost , but he promised that it would still be plain to the coming monsters .
tr	I	The screen turns blue and the speech ends .
tr	I	They surely are pretty , but the falls are not very large , only about 50 yards from the top .
tr	I	Our lips met and Max leaned forward .
tr	O	Sofia stopped at the last count but the gap was not fully accessible .
tr	O	Smiling slightly , Alexandra came to the end of the last case , and there on the bottom shelf were the reading primers she sought .
tr	I	They complimented each other so well , yet his voice was so different than Demetri 's .
tr	I	His body had enveloped mine , and I was lying on my back on the sand .
tr	I	He was losing the battle with his hair as his hairline rapidly receded , and principal neared sixty years old .
tr	O	Suddenly they came out of the bends and the road ran straight as far as the headlights could shine .
tr	O	The house had been in his family for several generations , and he needed to find what Daren wanted .
tr	O	Radley was wandering between the desks chatting to his team , and he stopped behind her .
tr	O	Her eyes darted up to his face and yes , she was sure he had .
tr	I	She cried out in dismay , and he shifted again , retracting his hips .
tr	I	I realize the real reason he stood and when he comes back , he sits right next to me .
tr	O	She wanted to be on green land and she 's determined to have it .
tr	O	McCarthy nodded at Lucia , and then - with reluctance , it seemed to Jazz - transferred his smile to her .
tr	I	I realized it was snowing and she pointed out the window .
tr	I	Reluctantly he shifted back to give her room , and a storm began to gather in her eyes .
tr	I	He needed to treat her differently than the others and she would be his wife .
tr	I	She started to move it away , then screamed and one of the sticks scraped her arm .
tr	O	She understood that William was mostly concerned with her safety , but she could not lose Max .
tr	I	Police were investigating the manner of death as a homicide , but they did not give the cause of man 's death .
tr	I	The mission had been a success because of their sacrifice , and they 'd done their job , drawn fire .
tr	O	Nothing happened at first - but then , suddenly , the medallion snapped in half , followed by what I was certain was a supernatural popping sound .
tr	I	Michael placed the bottle in the middle and everyone sat in a circle .
tr	I	He wasn 't alone , but he was standing in the living room .
tr	O	I have a lot of problems to solve , but I have a lot of smart people to solve them .
tr	I	He finally hugged me back , and I just hugged him harder .
tr	I	He already told me that is his cousin and I know he doesn 't have any sisters because his grandma said she has only one granddaughter .
tr	O	Such progress as we 'd made hung in the balance , the moment might be lost forever , but I could not force the issue now .
tr	O	He 'd tried to talk to Isabelle , but she 'd only shaken her mop at him in a threatening manner .
tr	O	I don 't like seeing anyone in pain , but it 's worse when a woman is suffering .
tr	I	We need to be on the lookout for any signs of organized opposition and the economic situation since the run on the dollar is deteriorating very fast .
tr	I	Jack 's hands kept me facing him , but I started to turn toward the Tunnels .
tr	I	Each day he 'd thought of her and it had been a week since the field trip .
tr	I	My mom only intensified their efforts to break me and pissing off Nix .
tr	O	One side of Serena 's mouth curls up in a lopsided smile , and she waves back .
tr	I	I 'm able to talk to my family again and as the night progresses things start to settle down .
tr	I	That was the beginning , and Never slept a wink .
tr	O	my voice taunted and I knew it was right .
tr	I	Slowly they drew back , and one by one they dimmed .
tr	O	Brando is too young , and I am too old .
tr	I	Classroom doors flew open and the bell rang .
tr	I	She hadn 't explained it , either , but his mother had been quite upset about the whole thing .
tr	O	I swallow hard and my throat is sore .
tr	I	My momentum carried me forward despite the pain , but his knife cut the wall of my stomach , a deep wound .
tr	O	Eris didn 't stir , but that wasn 't surprising .
tr	O	She was right , and Spinner has had a vendetta against me ever since .
tr	O	It happened and I 'm sorry .
tr	O	The microphone crackles , and I redirect my gaze .
tr	O	Seeing the Botkin revert to form before their eyes confirmed his ancestry , but questions remained .
tr	O	The boy pulled the girl past the first layer of trees , and they disappeared from my sight .
tr	O	Her name is Glenda Morgan and she wants to meet Della .
tr	I	Her blank , sweet expression had not changed , but her voice was cold with anger .
tr	I	She had amber eyes , not blue , and her hair was darker than Peter 's , more caramel with blond streaks .
tr	O	He could barely breathe , and he didn 't care .
tr	I	Her stomach twisted with hunger , a voracious appetite demanding attention , and the sharp scent of the spices hit her .
tr	O	Several of them had large nets attached to the vessels and the two of them were forced to alter their rout .
tr	O	I collapse under a leafless tree for three minutes , counting every second , and then walk even faster .
tr	I	She wasn 't in it , but the light was on .
tr	O	Oh , God , she still had the smell of Dylan on her and now she had some new guy coming after her ?
tr	O	Isak didn 't crack a smile , but his voice was full of humor .
tr	I	A cape of crimson hung about his shoulders and Black armor he bore .
tr	O	There we were , chatting , and I just asked her , pally like , what she did for a living .
tr	I	A text message showed on the screen and my phone chimed in my hand again .
tr	I	Another glance from Garn kept him quiet but Hal seemed about to speak again .
tr	I	He barely moves , yet I nudge him .
tr	I	It wouldn 't be truly living either , but not having him might not mean dying .
tr	O	Something happens to someone I love , and I bake .
tr	I	She gasps and her jaw opens wide .
tr	I	I knew that I could have either of them , and they both played with their hair .
tr	I	It hurt too much to make sense of his words , but his lips were moving .
tr	O	5 sec There was a pause , and the questions continued for electrode 31 .
tr	I	Spending just a few minutes there was enough to dredge it all back up , but she had tried so hard to bury all of those memories .
tr	I	She no longer smiled , and I looked at Jane , too .
tr	I	Caine felt as if the sun had settled in his heart , and she smiled .
tr	I	Eventually nauseating for those on the outside , but it 's typical conversation when investigators get together , pure entertainment for us .
tr	I	He felt acidic burning rising up his throat , and the tension in his stomach mounted .
tr	O	She caught the glint of guilt in my eye mid-sentence , and I reflexively turned to look away when she persisted in staring back .
tr	O	I had no idea what a box knife was , but I looked in the drawer that Tom mentioned .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure if that was legal in Nevada , but it didn 't matter .
tr	I	When she returned from taking the tray upstairs , she thanked Wong for intervening , and Annie grudgingly acquiesced .
tr	I	I couldn 't help myself , but I almost didn 't .
tr	I	Things were chaotic from the start , and busy place made much busier by the impending invasion .
tr	I	I ripped the package open , and my fingers changed to sharp blades .
tr	I	Nothing seemed disturbed , but the doors were left open .
tr	O	Aidan began running at him but he knew he wouldn 't make it in time .
tr	O	They might never solve it , but they couldn 't look like they hadn 't the first clue who was responsible .
tr	I	I saw his nose wrinkle , and a cool breeze blew across us , bringing with it the stench of the slums .
tr	O	The cuts would not become permanent scars and for that , he was grateful .
tr	I	They strolled down the street and Tim paid for their meals .
tr	I	I became my own worst enemy and this is when my life started to change .
tr	I	My heart ached at the sadness dulling his eyes , and he glanced at me .
tr	O	He kissed her lips , and she tasted her own juices on his lips , his tongue , as she knew he tasted himself in her mouth .
tr	I	The servant stepped back and the door was closed .
tr	O	It was family dinner night , so I picked up Amelia and we went to the penthouse .
tr	O	Of course she liked Cole , but it wasn 't that simple .
tr	I	I would go to jail , unless I was killed in the bloodbath and the police would come .
tr	I	That 's the best I can do , but I can give the info to Rene .
tr	I	Victoria had to clear her throat to gain their attention , and of course a young vampire couple writhed on the couch .
tr	O	He was always more calm toward the end of the workouts but her pain was always more intense .
tr	O	The knife in his chest must not have killed him instantly , but the mutilation of his body had spilled his life onto the bright yellow carpet .
tr	O	Mrs. Chandler simply nodded , and then she left Luna .
tr	O	I leaned forward , questioning Emily 's compliance with my eyebrows , but she didn 't move .
tr	O	I jump off of James and he moves to stand too .
tr	I	He couldn 't see that , but I smiled a little , a very little .
tr	I	There is no escape from my thoughts , but finishing with the last patient , I run to the roof deck , desperate to breathe .
tr	O	It breaks through the drywall with a crash , and little pieces of it fall to the floor .
tr	I	I realized it was one of my tears , and a drop of water fell on his cheek .
tr	I	Usually he had to admit the aroma was appetizing , and her single request was that he at least smell it .
tr	O	I ain 't got no medic training , and it makes me nervous to have to drive casualties around .
tr	O	The weather was a bit chilly on her walk to the start line , but the crowds of people congregating on Newport made her excited .
tr	O	I am the Queen , and I love my world .
tr	I	It wasn 't painful at all and an electrifying force surged through me .
tr	O	I have to smooth some ruffled feathers , and then I have to call my wife .
tr	O	You could use a break , and I could use some diplomacy .
tr	O	He was teasing , trying to cheer her up , but when she answered , he could tell she was absolutely serious .
tr	O	Black paint flaked from the shutters , and there was a tiny tear in the screen door , which hung crooked on its hinges .
tr	I	The demons will win and they will all die .
tr	O	A light mist began to fall and the intermittent wipers cleaned the windshield every ten seconds .
tr	O	The debate got a bit heated when Mark suggested calling the cat Quark , because she was so tiny , and it rhymed with ' Mark ' .
tr	O	Nobody was quite sure what the nature of that energy was , but it was a relatively common magic .
tr	I	I knew she was close and her fingers gripped the sides of my head .
tr	O	I had hoped that the force would knock his badge off or in the mayhem I could grab it with my free hand .
tr	O	When people ask , I tell them I 'm a grunt , and I mean it .
tr	I	He was a couple of inches shorter than Fallon , and Zack 's eyes were a glacial blue .
tr	I	She was so nervous her lips felt all wobbly , but she nodded , trying to smile .
tr	I	You could want no other , and one look at her .
tr	O	These people were not meant to be fighters , but they may have to learn to be .
tr	O	Gary laughed legitimately this time at Ricky exaggerating someone wiping his feet and Ricky knew he was closing the gap .
tr	I	Geoffrey sat at the head of the table , and Victoria guided Ethan to the chair at her side .
tr	I	He had a large erection and his mouth was slightly open .
tr	O	The king 's eyes bulged and he leapt back in alarm .
tr	O	She had absolute faith that he would indeed come for her , and like hell he was going to let her down .
tr	I	He knew perfectly well that she was capable of a calculated murder , and he would be helpless to stop her .
tr	O	He raised his mouth in a half smile , and his green eyes regained some of their sparkle .
tr	O	They 'd had none of the tense atmosphere between them today , but with one sentence , she felt the pull to him again .
tr	I	He was a man who had glimpsed the corruption at the heart of Braddock 's organization , but I had protested that night .
tr	I	There was no sign of him anywhere , but I looked around .
tr	I	She grabbed his hand and her brow furrowed with concern .
tr	O	I opened up to him , let myself be vulnerable , and he left .
tr	O	She was also holding a cigarette in her left hand and an ashtray sat next to her .
tr	O	You heard of them in the fairy tales you learned as little ones , but the fairy tales have domesticated them , rendered them quaint .
tr	I	I 'd bet good money he 's covered her mouth with his , and it 's quiet for far too long .
tr	O	Brianna came up behind Trina as she was speaking and I saw her open her mouth to defend me .
tr	O	Staying here was only going to annoy him further and he had promised her that he would try to be nicer .
tr	I	I soon learned how to fill in the gaps , but my only possessions in those days were the clothes on my back .
tr	I	She immediately blushed guiltily under his gaze , and Radcliffe glanced sharply at the young Mowbray girl when she blurted out that answer .
tr	I	Of course it was too late , but damn it , he should be driving her home .
tr	O	No doubt about it , but I still agreed with him .
tr	I	We 'll be raising teenagers and we won 't even be twenty-five .
tr	O	He didn 't look at anyone else in the room , but she did , wanting to see reactions .
tr	I	He had to listen , and she 'd spoken now .
tr	O	Anyone else mentioning her Fae blood made Andrea 's anger rise , but with Ronan it had turned into friendly teasing .
tr	O	Once a day is probably enough , but it 'll take longer to work .
tr	O	The leather cover had a scaly feel to it , and the front was etched with weird , angular symbols .
tr	I	We widened the platforms so we could sleep up there too , and a roof went up across the branches , as we 'd planned .
tr	O	I looked around for Ava , but I couldn 't find her .
tr	I	Charlie was right behind me , but when we got home , I hurried for the stairs .
tr	I	My head drooping as we were ushered through more checkpoints and I kept my eyes shut .
tr	O	* * * * * Ashleigh dashed into the cinema toilets and checked that each cubicle was empty before returning to the door .
tr	O	He was more in front to cover the trip and realising he was making money travelling the backpacker way .
tr	I	The family got along , and very cozy , great skiing , kids loved it .
tr	I	His nostrils flared , and he sucked in a breath .
tr	I	I don 't deserve to be there and Valerie 's put me on a pedestal .
tr	I	You have to believe me , Quinn , I cared nothing about the bet , but I agreed .
tr	O	Boxes quickly moved from one to the other and the bed of the truck slowly disappeared as the bed of the tractor 's trailer reappeared .
tr	I	He saw no one but he kept fumbling about , watching to see if anyone else was going to join them .
tr	I	An eerie whisper murmured from the closet , and she walked over to close the window .
tr	O	He 's convinced that eating less means living longer , and Henry 's afraid of dying young .
tr	O	The higher he went , the more tricks he discovered and soon he was using his hands strictly for balance .
tr	I	She was bringing them in to have them killed and it was possible that they 'd crossed her somehow .
tr	O	I am sorry to have laid hands on you , but I feared the wretched oil might have been inflammable .
tr	I	I don 't feel insecure anymore , and his touch sends my pulse racing once again .
tr	O	He drew in a breath , wanting to protest , but part of him felt like he should suffer for his role in the slaughter .
tr	O	One look at that distressed face and I tossed out my best guess .
tr	I	He winced and Jake paused .
tr	I	The building was only five stories high , but the fact was my Beverly Hills apartment was a penthouse .
tr	O	She knew it shouldn 't really matter much to her , but all at once it did .
tr	O	He tried to grab her wrist , but she ripped her hand away .
tr	I	She suddenly felt less confident , and he began to stride slowly toward her then .
tr	I	She knew where she was going , but she didn 't know where she was .
tr	O	Kylie now recalled hearing the struggle , but the idea left her stunned .
tr	I	The ones I encountered cared about their women , but the males of the jaguar race are wanderers .
tr	O	Francesca was listening but it felt as if she stood at a distance too removed to participate .
tr	I	I haven 't , but T is apparent you 've said farewell .
tr	I	Belinda had yet to see a ghost on the plantation , but it was intriguing .
tr	I	Garret took a deep pull , and Jack leaned across the table , flicked the lighter .
tr	I	This was her best guess and she wasn 't a priestess .
tr	I	He had special gifts , and he was a Guardian , a mixed blood .
tr	O	The severe blood loss had been traumatic , yet she appeared as if nothing had happened .
tr	I	Louise had started to believe them , and that 's what they had said .
tr	I	There was still a lot of work to be done , but I could tell she was enjoying the peaceful rest as much as I was .
tr	I	I grabbed her before she could move away , wrapping my arms around her and she reached around me to turn on the shower .
tr	I	He made himself wait to see her , but it went against everything in his nature .
tr	I	Her lips were cracked , had bled , and someone had struck her across her face .
tr	I	Anyway , he shouldn 't neglect his Spanish businesses for too long , and there were other people who could run the operation for him here .
tr	O	I went to elbow him again and he grabbed my arm .
tr	I	I wasn 't coordinated enough to play any sports , especial y not at Mythos , and I hadn 't joined any clubs .
tr	I	I was angry at myself and I could see Liv coming toward us .
tr	O	Sabin 's breath caught in his chest , and he held his hand out to her .
tr	I	She was four months pregnant , and it was hard work .
tr	O	Bruce pulled the car out of the garage and Rachel got into the front seat beside her husband .
tr	O	It keeps us thinking , and it keeps her on her toes .
tr	O	His hands grappled with Kaspar 's wrists , but he soon began to give up as slowly , agonizingly slowly , he turned purple .
tr	O	Something vitally important flitted through her consciousness and she tried to grab hold of it .
tr	O	Beth 's head jerked up , and I laughed .
tr	I	Every movement registered in his brain and every noise was amplified .
tr	O	A few kids nearby snickered , but the adults paid no attention .
tr	O	The key turned easily , and the door swung open .
tr	I	It took me by surprise , and I 'd never heard him sound like that .
tr	I	The door shut firmly behind her and she stalked out of the room .
tr	O	Blood had pooled under him , smearing the floor , and for a moment Tessa just stared , unable to fathom where it had come from .
tr	O	I don 't look very good , and my apartment is kind of small .
tr	I	Now he was on the other side of the fence , but though obviously in bad health , he still worked full-time in Washington .
tr	O	Not many people knew about it anymore , but her upbringing made sure she was more educated than most .
tr	I	He definitely wanted some alone time with his bonded blood rose and he couldn 't imagine leaving the stronghold one moment sooner than that .
tr	O	He started to back out and his uniform shoe squeaked .
tr	O	This was the most recent ' in ' place and I felt George had gone too far .
tr	O	His brows knotted and his lips frowned .
tr	I	I let it fall to the ground and Felix handed me the sharpened rock that Theo had aimed at the animal 's torso earlier .
tr	O	She heard that Lock Core had some sort of institution that took in orphans , and she planned on seeing those of Shattered Rock safely transported there .
tr	I	Charles grabbed a couple oil lamps to fill up , and our eyes slowly adjusted to the darkness .
tr	I	He 'd come to see me and I 'd come to visit him .
tr	I	The fearful glint in his eyes told me he believed me , but he gave a short , incredulous laugh .
tr	I	He raised his rifle to greet it and another creature stepped towards him .
tr	O	Crawling creatures and burrowing ones .
tr	I	He was forced to learn it from a dictionary in the prison library , but Spanish had taken four years .
tr	I	Gently peeled the trunk loose and Cordelia stepped up .
tr	O	He was surprised that the bank hadn 't taken it , but then again it was the restaurant 's money .
tr	I	He doesn 't listen to me , and I don 't speak to Grandfather .
tr	I	It encouraged her , and she felt it .
tr	I	Nobody at this ranch could relate to what I was going through , but I wasn 't normally one to drown my sorrows .
tr	I	His driving stayed steady , but darkness tinged his voice .
tr	O	His hands settled around her arms like vises , and he jerked her up .
tr	I	We needed the time , but I only used this as a last resort .
tr	I	I kept waiting to see how it all ended , and my death was so close .
tr	O	Calypso 's Island was enchanted and it stole the consciousness of anyone who entered .
tr	O	He makes it sound so easy , but it 's not .
tr	O	It was a pandemic unlike any the world had ever seen , and our city -- this place -- was the genesis of it all .
tr	I	Books litter the ground and Boxes are strewn about .
tr	O	They have no proof that you did this , and yet they are determined to bring you down .
tr	O	There was a lot to be discussed , and I had scored an invite .
tr	O	Katherine looked surprised , and I continued .
tr	O	She could still hear the screaming below , but it became fainter as the elevator began to rise , slowly at first then more quickly .
tr	I	I press in just a little to let her know I more than approve , and she relaxes her shoulder against mine .
tr	O	Quinlan 's big hands never left her bare body , and Elizabeth suspended her thoughts for this one magic night .
tr	I	I 'm not in any hurry to leave the company of my friends , but most of our team has already gone to their cars to wait .
tr	I	There 's nothing we can do , and my president has given me some orders .
tr	I	We exchanged an exasperated grimace and I caught Brad 's eye .
tr	O	Then he shoulders his backpack , and his energy is changing again , turning in tight circles .
tr	I	I bucked into him and he pounded into me .
tr	I	Occasional flashes of lightning lit up the sky and Thunder crashed .
tr	O	Then he veered away , and I continued on down the Vale .
tr	O	Moonlight seeped around the cascading water to dimly illuminate her surroundings , and a gentle breeze wafted in , carrying the scent of flowers .
tr	O	She came back with Prince and she looked a little horrified .
tr	O	I 'm not making quick progress on your father 's case , but I am working on it .
tr	O	It 's a short flight and I 'm going to fly straight back to London .
tr	O	Everything she had seen had been on hard copy , and if computer files had been created , she had no knowledge of them .
tr	O	He said he 'd have Winkler 's lawyers out in force in no time and he would be on the next flight up .
tr	I	I pulled away in distaste and she pressed her lips against mine aggressively .
tr	I	Then frowned more deeply upon seeing Max , and she frowned at him .
tr	I	I 'm quick to push it away , but there 's a thought that I might never see it again .
tr	I	I shuddered and Tristan laughed .
tr	I	He thought she was dead and it had felt like someone tore a hole right through him when Ridley disappeared .
tr	O	I tried to make her look at me , but she winced from my weak hands .
tr	I	Your path is clear to cross and you have come to the crossroads .
tr	O	I notice that his guard arm has dropped slightly , leaving his heart undefended and I see my opening to end the fight .
tr	I	I think we need to know more , and we know nothing about them .
tr	I	He was holding me by the wrist with such an iron grip I was sure my bones would break , but I tried to pull away .
tr	O	I winked at him , and he burst out laughing .
tr	O	Sam had recovered but he still wavered .
tr	O	I open my eyes , and he 's watching me .
tr	O	He pulled onto the main road and I let go of my death grip on the door handle , since the never-ending jarring bumps were done with .
tr	O	I received a dubious look , and she took another step forward , peering into my eyes as if she could see the truth in them .
tr	O	A line of second-floor windows overlooked him , but all of the lights were switched off .
tr	O	The day went well and we were all pleased .
tr	O	A tiny , perfectly knotted bowtie sat against his neck , and thinly framed glasses hung from the end of his nose .
tr	O	He didn 't give you a lot but he made sure you didn 't starve .
tr	I	Rosetta decided to protect Violetta , but it was acting as a buffer zone for us .
tr	I	His angry gaze went back to Clark and Burnett let go of a deep breath .
tr	O	Jeanette looked apologetic , but I felt ridiculous .
tr	O	There was no breaking for air , no concern for anything but discovering how many kisses it would take to make the world fade away .
tr	I	I could tell his two front teeth were gone , but his gaping maw was a deep , dark red .
tr	O	The answer came to him suddenly and he felt foolish that it was so obvious .
tr	O	He walked over to a chair by me and he sat down .
tr	O	We were walking too slowly even though we were swaying the bridge as we went , and we needed to speed up .
tr	I	Her brain didn 't fully process it , but Katherine listened intently to all the information .
tr	O	The attractive physicist fell instantly in love with Samuel 's brilliant mind and they married two days later .
tr	I	Pounds a fist against the pocket and she slips her hand into it .
tr	I	His mind was too quick , and his spies were too good .
tr	O	He kept his voice low , and she had to lean forward .
tr	O	The Prince raised his sword to dispatch the man , but before he could move , a voice spoke behind him .
tr	O	It might be the pyro bringing it on , but what you 're feeling is the first whiffs of Bloodlust , my man .
tr	I	I could never ask for you to suffer because of that choice , and you risked your entire life just to save mine .
tr	I	A huge whirlpool tub is situated at the end by the window , and granite countertops with two vanities stand to my left when I enter .
tr	O	I can turn all of them against you , and I 'll start by showing the world what a little whore you are .
tr	O	The cart lurched as the wheels turned , and they moved off , although in what direction , Neil couldn 't tell .
tr	I	She needed to be on mainland Alaska with reliable medical care nearby , but it already frustrated her that she couldn 't live on the island .
tr	I	She smiled and her eyes lifted .
tr	O	That was obviously not the reaction he wanted , but it was the best she was going to give under the circumstances .
tr	O	She burst out in delightful laughter , but he covered her mouth with his hand , his body tensing at the smell of human flesh nearby .
tr	I	As he caught it , I realized he had my car keys and Jared tossed something to Allen .
tr	I	I can ´ t. I don ´ t understand , anything , but I ´ m trying to get a grasp on things .
tr	O	His scream shattered out of him , and Grave writhed , his wrists rising farther on the blades .
tr	I	Nobody can make me perform , but my parents can sign it for me .
tr	I	There were classes she could take online , and he 'd done a lot of research .
tr	O	She was the sexiest woman he 'd ever known , and she was becoming completely sexually uninhibited , which was driving him to the brink of insanity .
tr	O	The other demon was of a lesser order , but for some reason his mother favored Sabina .
tr	I	She was going downhill fast and we couldn 't afford treatment .
tr	I	They were there , but they were tangential remarks , just asides .
tr	I	There was a lot I could do upstairs , but I could do nothing here .
tr	O	Her nails were well looked after , and every inch of her body had been waxed .
tr	O	The sound came again , but this time Meg , now fully awake , identified it .
tr	I	A strange excitement was taking over through her agitation , but that wasn 't what she 'd intended to say .
tr	O	We kept rolling onward toward Denver , and with none of us being familiar with that area , we didn 't know what to expect .
tr	O	He couldn 't keep his eyes open , and his forehead ached so much .
tr	O	Mom was working , but we had three pieces of pepperoni in the backseat for her .
tr	O	I talked to her for quite a bit , and she 's so knowledgeable .
tr	O	They brought their hands to their sides , but they didn 't leave .
tr	O	Nikolas wanted to tell them everything would be OK , but for the first time ever he wasn 't sure .
tr	I	My good sense conquered my pride , but I kept on scrubbing .
tr	I	After the first bite , it is hard to resist , but I don 't know what she puts in that stuff .
tr	I	They were normal beings , and the watchmen were indeed mortal in their make .
tr	I	It was always good to keep informed , but most were not suitable for general consumption .
tr	I	Most of both armies were gone , but we were still in the field .
tr	I	I knew I would if he asked me to , but I didn 't want to give her my packet .
tr	O	She had just blown my world away with amazingly hot sex and she was sorry .
tr	I	It was there , but it was very weak .
tr	I	Even the king remained still , and none of them made a sound .
tr	O	Her heart kept telling her to not be scared but her mind told her the opposite .
tr	I	Something to listen to that isn 't disco , and this time , I brought a proper meal .
tr	O	He then looked back at Christine , but the spell had been broken that special magic moment had gone forever .
tr	I	It 's not in the same way you love me , but I know you love you her .
tr	O	The two vampire bowling balls accelerated towards her , and at the last minute she jumped out of the way .
tr	I	He froze -- and he heard another faint creak of a floorboard -- just outside his door this time .
tr	O	When people are as young as we are , typically money is a big concern , but that 's obviously not the case here .
tr	I	She was up for the challenge but she was going to have her hands full .
tr	O	Alice could feel its cold fingers run along her spine , and her hair bristled , like an animal 's .
tr	I	Monique gently restrained him , but Dave started to rise .
tr	O	Cal reached out for Kali , but she threw up her hands .
tr	O	He wanted her with a fierceness that threatened to overwhelm him , but first , they had to fix this mess .
tr	O	Ryder asked just a fraction more gently but it was enough to break down my resolve .
tr	O	Amelia had no intention of taking the opioid and she was ready as ever for a fight .
tr	I	I always will be a Marques and I always have been .
tr	O	It had been a while since he 'd thrown the ball with us and he was not pulling any punches .
tr	I	Yet that was impossible , and his scent was familiar , as if she knew him from somewhere .
tr	O	The house was cold and the fire in the kitchen was out .
tr	I	The flowers never bloom forever this way , but the presence proves your passion towards each other .
tr	O	What was inside might lead to more grisly images blasting across my mind , but it would also ensure my survival .
tr	I	It was impossible to hear over the chaos , but I knocked again , more loudly this time .
tr	I	I walked about as fast as I have ever walked , but I never broke into a run .
tr	O	I follow his distant eyes for a moment but I can 't bare the effort .
tr	I	He rarely got jealous , and Shane became slightly jealous .
tr	I	Her face lit up and Linda turned .
tr	O	Dermot had done some bad things , but he 'd been under a spell .
tr	I	I just couldn 't help myself but I knew that asking him another question wasn 't going to get him out of my face any faster .
tr	I	The demon would be hidden , and the human could enter here .
tr	I	I was finally going to experience it again and his touch had haunted my dreams for two years .
tr	I	John stayed behind to help me with the chairs , but the cast filed out quickly .
tr	I	I know he 's telling the truth , but the other two might not believe him .
tr	I	It wasn 't so perfect now - filthy , ripped , bloody , but she was still wearing her perfect pink suit .
tr	O	He was on his feet , but he was not sure for how long .
tr	I	I really didn 't want to stop drinking and I didn 't want to change my ways .
tr	O	I have your orders and I will be cooking your main course .
tr	O	I didn 't like the dark look that crossed his face , nor the tight set of his clenched jaws .
tr	I	Nicolas 's expressionless features didn 't reflect one , but she had the impression of a smile in her mind .
tr	O	Yeah , she knew the issues with the packs , but it wasn 't the frigging dark ages for heaven 's sake .
tr	I	She snarled through gritted teeth and her gaze became hard again .
tr	I	He stared intently at her and he wore a heavy frown .
tr	I	My solution would be to cut their balls off , but I 'll deny it if I 'm asked .
tr	O	I couldn 't put my finger on it , but it was there .
tr	I	This is her father , Marty and I 'm Laura .
tr	I	They both stepped toward Tate , and my grandfather nodded at Catcher .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure what he wanted , but she was fairly sure she wouldn 't want to discuss it in front of Kate .
tr	O	He looked me straight in the eyes , and my breath caught .
tr	I	We girls were cringing with fear , but the guys were acting brave .
tr	I	He couldn 't care less about that and Judgment would be reserved for others .
tr	O	Katie scowled at him , but then her face brightened .
tr	I	I don 't take it , but then he puts a hand out to help me .
tr	I	Her mother were approaching the beach and that thought trailed Cassie through the rest of her morning , right up to the moment she .
tr	O	Her mouth dried and her skin steamed .
tr	I	I forced myself to stand where I was , but I wanted to step back .
tr	O	It certainly wasn 't a mansion by any means , but it was the best home I could 've grew up in .
tr	O	Neither of us had cell phones and my only phone was there .
tr	I	Her eyes widened , and my voice broke on the last word .
tr	I	The world map blew up , zooming into one location in central Russia and he nodded to the screen as the scrolling stopped .
tr	I	Spencer flashed her phone screen , and Mrs. Hastings glanced at Spencer with curiosity .
tr	O	I held a deeply rooted fear of these devices , and this spectacle was not helping to alleviate those fears .
tr	O	Before I knew it The Devourer was taking off and I did what I could to hold on to my life .
tr	O	I didn 't see anyone , but I couldn 't shake the impression that I was being observed .
tr	I	I could tell the ceremony was having the same effect on him , but he didn 't see me looking at him .
tr	I	I remembered what Mrs. Coleman said about the blockers in this room , and my head started to hum a little .
tr	O	Cameron 's words were quiet , but Ainsley sensed the fury in him rising like a geyser .
tr	I	Then something strong erupted past my veins like a volcano , and blue light emerged from my body .
tr	I	He wanted some assurances of the best bang for his buck , and Carter McCord was looking to diversify .
tr	I	He left me for his business and I stuttered out a nonsensical reply .
tr	I	He said he had to get home , but I was hoping he 'd have time to play catch with me .
tr	I	She was having trouble keeping a grip on the small candle holder and the shakes hadn 't left Karen yet .
tr	I	She held her ground , but I could tell she was nervous being this confrontational .
tr	O	Many were unshaven , and their eyes were dark hollows .
tr	I	I didn 't want him at my side , and I didn 't trust him at my back .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to explain that to Bree , but he was just drained of his freaking life energy .
tr	O	The vote isn 't guaranteed , of course , but I 'm asking you to take that risk .
tr	I	I had prayed for this opportunity , but love didn 't always come easy .
tr	O	She was laying on top of him , but that wasn 't what alarmed me .
tr	I	They weren 't listening , but he tried to yell at his family to warn them .
tr	O	The magic of it is too much to resist and I grab Luca , pulling him to me .
tr	O	Any one of them could get trigger happy and his life would end in a hail of bullets .
tr	O	It was after all one of the biggest projects in the country , albeit top secret , but he could not help the way he felt .
tr	O	He was saying something to her sister , and they passed through the room heading toward the dining room .
tr	I	It might be a while , but you will probably get full use back .
tr	O	I didn 't want me to go either , but I had no choice about it .
tr	O	Her heart burned and the sensation trickled into her jowls .
tr	O	She had to leave and now she 's back .
tr	O	Ollie said nothing , but that was okay .
tr	O	Grace nodded , and Allie reached out to touch her arm .
tr	I	Tingles of pleasure blanketed my body , and Jacob nibbled on my ear lobe .
tr	I	I know she 's fine and she smiles up at me .
tr	I	If I had a boyfriend , I should start caring but I 'd never cared too much about how I looked .
tr	I	Whatever fell landed in another part of the house , but a third crash sounded .
tr	O	They were his pack , and he loved them like he would his children .
tr	O	It 's a tough world , and she had decided over the past few months that she would not let it destroy her .
tr	I	His shoulders puffed up like he was about to explode and Gannon scowled .
tr	I	None of those visions ever included him using a spare bedroom , but he 'd envisioned spending the night with her many times over the years .
tr	O	I couldn 't remember when I had fallen asleep , but I knew I hadn 't slept for very long .
tr	O	Zhao Wei confirmed that these were signifiers of rank , and the dragons so adorned members of the civil service .
tr	I	Behind the screen , I discovered this small trapdoor , and the giggling was coming from behind the movie screen .
tr	O	Someone has to work to mend the Tower , and I am the best choice .
tr	O	I suspect that she 's right but it 's too late now .
tr	I	I didn 't have the words , but I tried to find something else to say .
tr	O	As hard as I tried , work had fallen from my list of priorities and it wasn 't coming back .
tr	O	Ramos looked interested in the conversation but I could tell that Griffin was furious .
tr	O	His shaking began to slow down and he slowly started to quiet himself .
tr	O	Reinhold finally met my face with zero expression , but his eyes were calculating , measuring , assessing .
tr	I	He seemed to have trouble speaking and his bottom lip began to quiver .
tr	I	He has more style and he 's smarter .
tr	I	I would 've tipped my hand about the meeting tomorrow , and I 'd look like an idiot .
tr	O	Simon knew it was churlish , but there was something about being looked at like that that he didn 't like .
tr	I	She spat in his face , and an attendant slapped Hilda hard across the cheek for talking .
tr	I	TV shows that sound familiar , and they talk about video games I know .
tr	I	I could tell from his aura that he didn 't feel the least bit guilty and Avalon used magic seamlessly with humans .
tr	I	Her anger when she 'd first learned about the pregnancy , and Jacqueline cringed whenever she thought about her long-held resentment of Tammie Lee .
tr	I	Yet she was laden with that pack , and standing a foot shorter than he was , she seemed so fragile .
tr	O	It was clear to Hank that Hawk was hurt by this statement , but he said nothing .
tr	I	It didn 't bother him as much as he had expected , but everyone else tried not to stare while they stared .
tr	O	A group was gathering around them , but he barely paid them any attention .
tr	I	Apparently working with everyone else and which was now fully healed .
tr	O	The transports are heavily guarded and it will be next to impossible to gain access to the board members .
tr	O	He meant my indecision would hurt Denny , but as his eyes glistened even more , I was sure he was also talking about himself .
tr	O	I nod my head , eat my sandwich , and for a while we don 't say anything .
tr	O	As I finally relax , my eyelids grow heavy and my thoughts float above me .
tr	I	The other guys ' reactions were even funnier , but having a boyfriend was awesome .
tr	I	He glanced at his feet , and his easy smile grew uncertain .
tr	I	He didn 't smile back but I smiled at him .
tr	O	There were only two of them , but it might as well have been two hundred .
tr	I	The whites bulged out and Dad 's eyes widened .
tr	I	After two days of driving , every minute was torture , but we were only a few hours away from New Orleans .
tr	I	Kara stepped into the hallway and the door opened without a click .
tr	O	He nodded toward my crew cut , and I ran my hand over it .
tr	O	She still felt the need to protect her younger brother , but that was difficult to do from a thousand miles away .
tr	I	I hadn 't anticipated the venom in her response , but I 'd intended the accusation to sting .
tr	O	The pounding on the door started up again and he rolled his eyes .
tr	O	She 'd tried to call his cell , but he hadn 't answered .
tr	I	Gabby closed her eyes , and Ian snuggled her close .
tr	I	Packs of Saracen horsemen making devastating sorties into the ranks of the Crusaders , and he saw knights on horseback with pikes .
tr	I	They were silent , but he glanced at them for instruction .
tr	I	His honest nature wouldn 't allow him to lie , but he hesitated as if he knew this was a trap .
tr	I	He increased his pace , and her smile jump-started his pulse .
tr	I	The two of them sat in silence , and he heated the last of the ale .
tr	O	Amira only slowed at this , and when he stopped she doubled her speed , sliding one hand between them to massage her little bud .
tr	I	I could feel her disquiet , but Grace didn 't say anything more .
tr	O	Yes , I came here to see him , but I couldn 't really admit that now .
tr	O	The concept emerged within his heart and he had no time to tell her .
tr	O	He knew there was a torch in his tent and he searched the folded sleeping bag for it .
tr	O	She possessed a gift for perceiving future events , and some people despised her for it .
tr	I	He needed to go without her , and he needed to go home .
tr	O	I promise you that it won 't take us very long to get where I 'm taking you , and you won 't be disappointed .
tr	I	She knew the girl was speaking directly to her , but Scarlett couldn 't see Miranda .
tr	I	They knew that they had to keep going , but Chapter Twenty-Five After several days of walking they reached the northern coast of Gaul .
tr	O	God knows it can 't be modesty at this stage , and sex is out of the question .
tr	O	John braced himself , but the hand paused .
tr	O	Kenzie eased into the room and I followed , seeing her dad 's eyes harden as they fixed on me .
tr	O	By then the sun was low in the west , and they started walking towards the rendezvous with the others .
tr	O	She knew how much he had wanted to see his parents again , and now they were both gone .
tr	O	It would be easy to overlook because the pale color of the stone blended with the white of the sheets , but I saw it .
tr	O	I jumped back a few yards , on my guard , but he didn 't make an aggressive move toward me .
tr	I	He winked at her , and Mr. Hartley 's mouth twitched as if he found her enthusiasm amusing .
tr	O	She would 've fainted again , but she was already sitting down .
tr	I	Then I felt you , but I was here alone .
tr	O	Drake wanders in and it 's not until he sits beside me at the bar that I notice Emily strutting in behind him .
tr	I	We both smiled , and Cohen 's eyes flicked to mine .
tr	I	Everything had vanished , and then he 'd turned .
tr	O	She was curious to know what happened next , but she knew she couldn 't ruin this moment .
tr	I	He was a lanky six two , but his dark hair still flopped all over the place .
tr	O	I think it was because my life was mapped out before me and I could see exactly what would happen in the next twenty years .
tr	I	He hooks his fingers underneath the thin straps of my dress , sliding them off my shoulders and his hands move to my arms .
tr	I	He lost it and the love bite sent him reeling .
tr	O	I wish I could have taken that gruesome burden from the shoulders of my wife , but I was in Paris .
tr	I	This one would have been my first and I 've never delivered a baby .
tr	I	He inhaled deeply , a shuddering sigh escaping him and his head was soon settled in the midst of her thighs .
tr	O	It wasn 't very helpful , but she felt a little release .
tr	O	The air ran from my chest and I couldn 't take none in .
tr	I	She let herself in and the door was unlocked .
tr	I	Despite this , there is magic in the car , a magic that has brought Ruth back to me , but the blood scares me .
tr	O	It 'd been my rule for years , and it 'd been a damn good one .
tr	I	It was an impressive piece of furniture , but she hadn 't paid much attention to his desk during her last visit .
tr	I	Then , sniffing the air , stood up and he crawled out .
tr	I	If he had been a lesser man I was sure he would have bolted and Griffin had a panicked look on his face .
tr	O	Her head was spinning and her heart was racing .
tr	O	I have no idea what that means , but not heading home right away is tempting .
tr	I	The bull lunged forward with a savage buck , his head plunging down , hind legs reaching for the sky and the chute gate swung open .
tr	I	Matched the strappy stilettos Kiran had sent along to complete the look , and the stitching was gold , glinting against the pastel silk .
tr	I	I didn 't raise my voice , but Frustration boiled my blood .
tr	I	She jerked against his hand and he moved his fingers .
tr	I	She tugged at his t-shirt , working her hands under the soft cloth onto his burning skin and their hands were unsteady as he unbuttoned her shirt .
tr	I	Her vision blurred and her eyes stung .
tr	O	It sounded right , but she wasn 't too sure about the religion mumbo-jumbo .
tr	O	No , I don 't want a baby right now , Rhett , but last week I thought there was a chance it had happened anyway .
tr	O	Their wives looked at me with polite smiles , but I could see the question in their eyes .
tr	O	The women pulled faces , but the men seemed to be practicing blank expressions with each mouthful .
tr	I	He admired the way she was able to figure things out for herself , but he tried to sound stern .
tr	O	He 's everything that makes my heart race , but I still feel nervous about being with him .
tr	I	The warm smiles that only came from being with family , and * The house was alive with chatter , laughter .
tr	I	We headed out to the Mexican restaurant and Chapter Twenty Bennett arrived around seven .
tr	I	She went off balance , and I bent her backward .
tr	O	I turned and for the first time since I 'd lost the ability to see auras , I was glad I couldn 't see his right now .
tr	O	Growing up in Mariposa , Bill thought he 'd seen it all when it came to that house , but he 'd been wrong .
tr	I	My lips brush his , gently tasting him and my eyes shut .
tr	O	Elijah 's hand shot out , and he grabbed Rick 's arm .
tr	O	Relief flooded over me that I would not hit the hard floor and my skull would not be concussed .
tr	O	I looked back , but I didn 't see anything .
tr	O	A weak , crackly voice called for them to enter , and they stepped into a spacious room .
tr	I	We ate together , quietly , while Olive watched cartoons between us , and he handed it to me .
tr	I	Why they had made it as the group listened , and Bob explained their choice .
tr	O	There 'll be screens if you wish to see him up close , but it 's not his body that we worship .
tr	I	There was still enough light out for me to make him out but his darkness towered over me .
tr	O	By dusk the wounded had all been treated , and the travellers settled in for desperately needed sleep .
tr	O	She walked down the street and Alexander remained speechless .
tr	I	He recovers immediately , but Elliott 's step falters as he sees the man .
tr	I	Anyone still at the crime scene would be detained , and the police would be here any minute .
tr	O	He was still walking and the light was fading .
tr	I	The young woman gulped down sugar water before putting her hand on the door , and her servants sprayed perfume .
tr	O	Up until now everything had gone according to ritual , and ritual is man 's best defense against the unknown .
tr	O	He 'd made burgers , and it turned out Seth could cook .
tr	O	The little boy 's mother stayed on the front porch , but when she saw us , her eyes narrowed to slits .
tr	I	He wasn 't the late type , and they 'd agreed to meet at nine .
tr	O	They could argue about it all night and it wouldn 't settle anything .
tr	I	I wouldn 't turn to validate it , but it might have been for shock value .
tr	I	It matched the light base in the front room , and it was nearly the same pattern as the china .
tr	I	It could be worse and you 're a smart guy .
tr	I	I tasted blood and there was something wet in the corner of my mouth .
tr	I	To fill the empty chamber of a still beating heart but a tear drop grows , not destined for the cheek .
tr	O	We all rode to Judge Nick Earp and he seemed to know we were coming .
tr	I	The walls have white padding , and the floor is covered in gray rubber tiles .
tr	I	There wasn 't much on , but I flipped through channels .
tr	I	She was being paranoid and he was trying to help her get her bird .
tr	I	I had to breathe deeply through my nose to get enough oxygen and he tied it snug .
tr	O	Kimi was holding him , but carefully not saying anything .
tr	I	A look of distaste crossed his features , and he exclaimed in surprise .
tr	I	She swallowed hard as he stepped closer and slippery fluids trickled down her inner thighs .
tr	O	Every detail of his body was imprinted against her , and suddenly her dazed senses realized what she was feeling .
tr	O	He looked all around but there was no one there .
tr	I	Tabitha somehow managed to get in front of him , but he tried to run back to the living room .
tr	O	We knocked on their door to tell them we were leaving and they should join us .
tr	O	I told her about our climb up Huang Shan and as she talked about her own trip it was clear that she had thoroughly enjoyed herself .
tr	O	I raised a glass someone handed me and the crowd did the same , in stunned silence .
tr	I	The look was effective enough that it made even my hardened heart trip a bit , and he grinned .
tr	O	She hadn 't worn high heels in ages and the black pumps were already beginning to pinch .
tr	I	Jack Kirkland poked his head out , and the hatch popped open .
tr	O	She brought her hand to her face and the softness of her skin surprised her .
tr	I	The other end was dry enough , but some damp grass was stuck to one end .
tr	I	That was the truth and she really didn 't .
tr	I	She was their foe , and there were angels on the Charles Bridge .
tr	I	I don 't even see a safe , and none of the desk drawers are locked .
tr	I	They preferred the roof , but Abbot offered them beds .
tr	O	He waited with Spyder at his side and Frank behind as one of the butterflies stopped directly in front of them .
tr	O	Understanding dawned on her face , and he wanted to kiss her .
tr	I	His eyes were quite serious but his voice was still happy .
tr	I	I also knew our time alone was limited , but I knew she had so much to tell me .
tr	I	She drew in a deep , painful breath , and the irony of the situation struck her for the first time .
tr	O	Their breakfast arrived , and Max dug in .
tr	O	He was saved from a great peril , but many lie before him still .
tr	O	Some women say they love your father , but I know him long long before them .
tr	O	Nora was slowly covering my face with pecks and I let myself drop the dark thoughts before they built into something I couldn 't control .
tr	O	We 're trapped at Caroline 's house and she 's gone crazy !
tr	O	Tristan had said we were there , but there was nothing here .
tr	I	His mouth twitched , but he was keeping a straight face .
tr	I	The Panama Canal treaties were ratified , and the United States recognized Communist China .
tr	O	It was a rugged trip , but the group was well prepared .
tr	I	The heat already was building and the blue tarp was on the ground .
tr	I	I was a little irritated with my painting laziness , and that queasy green color was sort of matching my insides right now .
tr	I	It is not expensively decorated , and this hall is not comfortable .
tr	O	Ryan 's eyes narrowed , but he didn 't answer .
tr	O	Cricket resumes his work , and I nestle into his hands .
tr	I	I was so damn angry , and she stiffened at my touch .
tr	O	Summer Solstice was tomorrow night , and everyone going already had dates .
tr	I	I laughed and he screamed .
tr	O	I went to leave , but he grabbed my wrist .
tr	O	Instinctively , she checked the peephole , but that didn 't do any good .
tr	O	Cory kept wondering what he 'd said to make Gene act this way , but Gene refused to talk about it .
tr	O	I was so close , and every muscle in me was clenched tight .
tr	I	I do now , but I didn 't understand for a while .
tr	I	He pushed her into the water with it and Nora tried to hit him with a paddle .
tr	I	Her lungs refused to cooperate , and the weight of his warm hand surprised her .
tr	O	I 'd given up holding her there , but she 'd also given up fighting me .
tr	O	I may be bound to the Tunnels , but I 'm not bound to you anymore .
tr	O	Alexandra 's feeling that they were being watched hadn 't diminished , and Allan was inclined to trust her instincts .
tr	I	In her new reality it didn 't seem the least bit romantic , but being under siege might sound mysterious in a novel .
tr	I	She could feel the anger rising within her and Kira had been right all along about this reckless rogue .
tr	I	He lets out a groan , cupping my face between his hands as he steps forward , leading us somewhere , but my cheeks start to heat .
tr	O	The black dragon roared , and its fire came blazing up at them .
tr	I	Tongs just reduced the whole thing to a farce and going at it hammer .
tr	I	I didn 't care for it very much , but the answer was fairly simple , of course .
tr	I	I should have been able to control the situation and they were just stupid kids .
tr	O	It wasn 't much of a threat , but it was all she had .
tr	I	I think it 's important that she gets help immediately , but she doesn 't know if she wants to do this .
tr	I	How could she argue if she wasn 't even supposed to speak , but she didn 't like the idea of staying behind alone at all ?
tr	O	My breath puffed out in front of my face and I wrapped my arms around myself for added warmth .
tr	I	Then Steven sent Anna into the living room while he fixed them some coffee , and they talked of general things while they ate .
tr	I	I decided to head to The Gym , and I walked out , trying to think where else he would be .
tr	O	He was Carpathian and he was strong when he wanted to be .
tr	I	A stomach flu kept her from using her power over him to let her come , but Samantha hadn 't been happy about being left in Albany .
tr	I	His words rang true , Live , but I thought , what to do !
tr	I	Jackie was grateful when the attention turned away from her , and Bev returned with her own loaded plate .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to start playing the role now , and I 'd never acted like a damsel in distress before .
tr	O	I frowned at his compliancy , but he went on without pause .
tr	I	She agreed to do that , and she was told that after Sam was caught , she would have to return to identify him .
tr	I	It was starting to look like it was wearing on those already overburdened shoulders , and being a cop in this place was a thankless job .
tr	O	He might have been right when he said I didn 't know a lot about my heritage , but I knew my demons .
tr	I	That was it , but they looked at her with wide , astounded expressions .
tr	O	He stood a half foot taller than Stuart , but his wispy physique wouldn 't scare a rabbit .
tr	I	That was a mistake , and I had wanted to find logic in my life .
tr	I	She couldn 't help herself , but that probably wasn 't the most tactful response .
tr	O	Of course this was pre-arranged and Buster spoke so everyone could hear .
tr	I	Some were blasted off by my energy bullets and a few of the skeletons were knocked out .
tr	I	The nightmares ended he saw a guy sitting next to him and getting used to the dark When he finally opened his eyes .
tr	O	Her eyes fill up with tears , and she blinks them back furiously .
tr	O	I tried to follow , but my mother stopped me .
tr	I	It didn 't mean anything at all , and I was attracted to a lot of guys , like superman , Henry Cavill .
tr	O	Her parents had been by , but I hadn 't left my room to see them , despite the prompting from my mother .
tr	O	You wouldn 't think it to look at him , but he likes my stuff .
tr	I	Then the breathing came too fast , and she found it impossible to breathe .
tr	I	It takes me a moment to honestly about think the answer and Zach asks .
tr	O	A view screen drops out of the ceiling and the face of a bald man with a terribly burned face appears .
tr	I	Squirrel seemed to shrivel , and Milos fumed at Squirrel .
tr	O	Tears of frustration filled her eyes and she lay back against the pillows .
tr	O	A seven-year-old shouldn 't have to go through this , and she wouldn 't have to if they just gave Mother the medicine .
tr	I	It was as close to home as I had right now , and it was familiar .
tr	O	She will need your blood , Dayan , and she must not fight the transfer .
tr	O	The shades were drawn , and the window AC unit was blasting cold air across the dark room .
tr	O	The font is too small for me to read and I 'm not even sure if the people all the way in the back can see it .
tr	I	He was too afraid to refuse for fear of displeasing him , but he didn 't know what the agent wanted .
tr	O	Cesar slammed on the brakes , and they skidded to a stop in the center of the southbound lane .
tr	O	It was quick and nobody said much .
tr	O	I couldn 't bear to face the agony in his eyes , and it took all my resolve not to avert my gaze .
tr	I	She knew what I felt and I knew what she felt .
tr	O	It was sad and it was life .
tr	I	He hissed , scrambling back to his feet , and it was enough to throw him off balance .
tr	O	My heart felt like it would burst through my chest into a million little pieces , and I could see this wasn 't going to work .
tr	O	It 'll be a lot of work , but I can get the Hab together again .
tr	I	It was too late , but I laid my drink off to the side .
tr	O	It wasn 't exactly the truth , but this version sounded better .
tr	I	Her head was too heavy to move , but she tried to turn away .
tr	I	She grinned at me and I pulled them off .
tr	O	The woman saw him appear behind the fallen that was torturing her , but he held a hand up in a silent signal .
tr	I	I didn 't dare let go , but it began to burn my skin .
tr	O	Their father was a different story , but he was no longer my problem .
tr	O	He took a deep intake of breath as she caressed his erection , and a boom of thunder shook the house when her lips closed around him .
tr	O	She felt him relieved by her return , and he pressed her close , moved her body behind his as his phone kept buzzing .
tr	O	Lady Ashleigh couldn 't hide the contempt in her voice , and Evie felt herself shrink even further back into her seat .
tr	O	You can 't leave the park until you ride all seven , and you 've got to do it by dawn .
tr	I	I moaned , and a sharp , brutal pinch speared through my shirt into my back .
tr	O	The girls all wish we could recruit him for our team , but I don 't think that has anything to do with softball .
tr	O	He blinked once , and as he opened his eyes , he found Arian in his arms , bathed in the bright light of morning .
tr	O	He is near enough for me to make my presence known to him , and him alone .
tr	O	The bailiff told us the judge was coming in , and we rose .
tr	O	Next to her stood Henry , and he looked much happier than I 'd ever seen him , all of the tension from his body gone .
tr	O	My chest was tight with emotion as I spoke , and my eyes burned .
tr	O	God had given him an extraordinarily strong libido , and Peter had thought that the loss of his eye would make him unattractive to the opposite sex .
tr	I	I thought he heard a coach , although there was none due , and I could see him .
tr	I	He 's cradling his arm , and Kent 's face is white .
tr	I	My hand fell on hers like dead wood , and I swallowed .
tr	I	He would not win this time but he had to admit that the new Edward was somewhat skilled .
tr	I	She 's telling the truth , but I can 't explain it .
tr	I	Then finally he slips one inside me , and his fingers remain just inside my jeans , like he 's testing me .
tr	I	I need time to move on from things but I 'll check in when I can .
tr	I	She was humming , but she still stared off into the distance , not seeing anything at all .
tr	I	Travis wondered if she was even aware of her actions and she rubbed the flat of her hand across her abdomen .
tr	O	He did not like the man at all , and he had never told him about Manfred .
tr	O	Finn cleared his throat , and we all looked at him .
tr	O	They both stood , and she tucked the long strap of her purse over her shoulder .
tr	O	I couldn 't hear him , but the sun reflected off his skin in glittering rainbows that danced ahead of me .
tr	O	The last city I 'd visited had been Dallas , and it was easy to see that Jackson was nowhere close to that size .
tr	O	Jack shook his head almost imperceptibly , and his partner stopped before saying anything .
tr	O	It hadn 't been nearly as windy , and it had been much , much warmer .
tr	O	I hear the sounds of knives being sharpened in my head and I 'm afraid I am losing my grip on my sanity .
tr	O	I was going to walk on , but I heard my name .
tr	I	I brought my arm around her waist , and she touched my cheek .
tr	O	Alyssa wrapped her arms around Andrew 's neck , and he pulled her close .
tr	I	Her message was clear but she couldn 't exactly drop to a knee in a shop amongst humans .
tr	O	I 've heard he needs one , and I 've thought about it .
tr	I	We don 't know for sure , but we have reason to think she 's dead .
tr	O	Her brain ordered her feet to step out of his arms , but for some reason her feet were ignoring her brain 's commands .
tr	I	I hear Coach through the speaker in my helmet , and the third quarter starts .
tr	I	She shrank further against the inside of the door , and a small cry pressed from her mouth .
tr	I	I don 't back up as he draws closer , but I put my hand in my pocket .
tr	O	None of my memories could be targeted for erasure , but of course , the doctors couldn 't see that .
tr	O	Wyatt 's convertible was already making a right turn onto the main road , and Childress accelerated sharply .
tr	I	Maybe she didn 't care , or Noelle didn 't seem to notice that I 'd tuned her out .
tr	O	His magic came at me and I had a millisecond to block it before it hit me in the chest .
tr	O	He 'd wanted to hear Suzy 's voice , but according to Nick 's text , she was sound asleep on the couch .
tr	O	Vincent inclined his head , and the action seemed to require every ounce of strength remaining .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure he was a particularly great storyteller , but he found he held the children 's attention well enough .
tr	O	Marcus says something , but Timothy doesn 't respond .
tr	I	I felt out of place , but I suppose we made a good team .
tr	O	I know I shouldn 't have said it , but I couldn 't keep it in any longer .
tr	I	He knew absolutely nothing about fishing , but the stream appeared to be sufficiently deep .
tr	I	In truth , I felt him more than ever , as if there were an invisible string connecting us , but I pretended he wasn 't there .
tr	O	What he was going to do in Lot 126 was anybody 's guess , but I figured somebody was getting buried .
tr	I	She wondered if he was annoyed and a long period of silence followed .
tr	I	She saw several men smiling at them , and David had his arms wrapped around Mandy .
tr	I	The engine died , and the truck stalled .
tr	I	The room was getting dark , and the sun was already setting .
tr	O	She slapped her hand across his face , hard , and instantly his fingers clamped around her wrist .
tr	I	I am approved to specialize in Psychiatric medicine and I pass with flying colors .
tr	O	I want to tell them that I 'm not deaf , but instead I cringe from the agitation in Russell 's voice .
tr	I	Joshua was her best bet , but the whole thing was scary .
tr	O	She would love to remain buried in his embrace for days , if not weeks , but that wasn 't going to be possible .
tr	I	Her crowd did not keep up with his crowd , and Mark was about as far as possible from popular .
tr	I	I 'm not ready to come home as if I am Maddie unchanged , but I 'm hoping to spend time with you .
tr	O	I replied through clenched teeth , wishing her and that boy would just go away .
tr	O	As she bit into the sandwich , her body relaxed and she felt the cathartic relief after tears had flowed .
tr	I	She swung the door open and the doorbell rang .
tr	O	The skin burned , but I ignored it .
tr	I	The cup was steady , but the bendable straw in it moved a little bit from the upward movement .
tr	O	He brushed his lips lightly over her temple , and something buzzed hard in her belly .
tr	I	The woman was destined to drive him to his grave , but Devil 's balls .
tr	O	Her eyes were beady and such a dark brown that they were often mistaken for black .
tr	O	He would not let anyone but his inner circle see it .
tr	I	Although they were now married , they still hated me for flirting with their men back then , and I had pissed them off .
tr	O	Another break with reality , but this one led him to lie through his teeth .
tr	O	three little voices scream in unison , and the kids run out the door , once Nate lets go of Aisling .
tr	O	The church was beautifully crafted and even seeing it from a distance brought back hundreds of memories .
tr	O	He pulled her up and in a second , Mia was standing safely on the roof again .
tr	I	A small tiara sits on top of a mass of blond braids , and she has bracelets up to each elbow .
tr	O	Ingrid took a step closer to me , and this time I didn 't move away .
tr	O	These things have so clearly evolved from us , and now the world is theirs .
tr	I	Its fingers , they were so long , and its knuckles were enormous .
tr	I	His brow would be creased into a thousand crinkles , and his eyes would be desperate , needing .
tr	I	It wasn 't nearly long enough , but I was not sure how long I was asleep .
tr	O	He stood up to offer her his hand , which she shook , and then they both sat down .
tr	O	Two strong clawed digits gripped her ankle but she kicked them upward against the roof of the tunnel .
tr	I	I knew why no one supported it , but the Sergeant Major was angry that no one wanted to support the NCO board .
tr	O	All my conclusions are subjective and I cannot show that I am not mistaken .
tr	I	Three years later she didn 't know by whom , and within a year she was ' with child ' .
tr	O	I 'm a reporter but I never asked you one leading question .
tr	O	I would have felt bad for him because it looked like it had hurt but I really didn 't care .
tr	O	All eyes were riveted on me and the murmurs had quieted to whispers .
tr	O	She was not Claire Clement until she arrived , and she certainly was not when she left .
tr	O	His lips gently parted hers , and he tilted her head back .
tr	O	Caroline 's eyes began to droop , and Nikolas leaned back onto the bed .
tr	O	She stared at him blankly , and he felt stupid .
tr	I	Hundreds more were there for pulling the heavy equipment and over a thousand horses were in the cavalry .
tr	O	Mine was so horrible , but the one you helped me with was great .
tr	O	A devilish smile that I mistrusted far more than his fangs appeared and I immediately felt uneasy , temporarily forgetting all functions relating to my lungs .
tr	I	I held my breath as I looked at the caller ID , and my phone buzzed .
tr	I	I wanted her to point her camera in another direction so I could link my fingers through his again , and I missed the warmth right away .
tr	O	Chapter 19 Apartment complexes are all the rage since the housing market plunged and I don 't necessarily see them losing any ground in the near future .
tr	O	Maybe they 'd found him and he was already safe .
tr	I	At least Eleanor was , or soon they were seeing other people .
tr	I	She needed to talk privately with Aric and they could do without her supervision for a time .
tr	I	The children played and she turned the pages , leafing through the book as the guests chattered .
tr	I	She jumped to sit upon it , and her hands cupped the edge of the sideboard .
tr	I	I cannot , but I know I should look away , let him grieve in private .
tr	O	Something touches my hair , and I scream .
tr	I	Lucy was doing the dinner dishes and Conner had already left .
tr	I	I looked up , expecting to see Jennifer , and I heard John mutter a greeting to someone .
tr	I	It trotted quickly away , off the road and its sensitive nose caught a whiff of something .
tr	O	I told her about you and she is very sad about your troubles .
tr	I	Of course , she wasn 't there , but he tore away toward the bedroom .
tr	O	Seth nodded , looking unconvinced , and the door opened .
tr	O	He had never been in an earthquake before , but he believed he was experiencing his first now .
tr	I	She could smell the basil in it , but she didn 't know what it was .
tr	I	He 'd already told me that the action was all at the fab building , and the only problem was that Ricky was based in the Valley .
tr	I	I had to lay still for a few moments to get my bearings and he 'd shoved me back so hard that I landed on the ground .
tr	I	It was tempting , so tempting , but he refused to close his eyes .
tr	O	He stared for a long minute , and then he exhaled , breathing out with a force that seemed to deflate him like a collapsing balloon .
tr	O	The hard swell of him throbbed and she ached to learn the intimate feel of him .
tr	I	I wondered what the hell made him hesitate , and I watched him debate for a long moment .
tr	O	I agreed to her terms , and she marched off to bed .
tr	I	He was able to leave work every night to be with her and she had been overjoyed when the transition period ended .
tr	I	I could see heavy breaths wracking her body , and the curve of her spine caught the last bit of twilight .
tr	I	She slumped to the floor and in that instant her head was crushed by a blow from behind .
tr	I	At least it would keep Mark away from Josie , but he didn 't want to offer .
tr	O	There 's the muffled sound of a response , but it isn 't clear enough to make out .
tr	I	Then I saw something on his face I 'd never seen before , and Cole 's eyes became tight .
tr	O	Livia reached for her twin , but her hand closed on air .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to give her a nod of acknowledgement , but I 'd forgotten she was there for a moment .
tr	O	Now it was well run by those who worked for them and her parents did not need to be around it so much .
tr	O	I followed the woman in black , and she led me to an even larger room .
tr	I	Now I await my return , and the funds were accepted , as was promised .
tr	O	This isn 't just about sex , but I can 't stay the night .
tr	O	The cameras had gone to his head and vanity had taken hold .
tr	O	One of the small boys was missing half of his face and a tiny toddler was crawling around , his foot completely missing .
tr	I	She had certainly gotten the better end of the deal , what with not being dead , and their union had been convenient for them both .
tr	I	He made her shiver for no reason at all and he wore casual clothes .
tr	O	Maybe I 'd tripped through the cenote one too many times , or there 'd been a malfunction .
tr	O	There weren 't any words to thank Willy and their attitudes toward him were forever changed .
tr	O	Sarah turned and her eyes widened as she looked over the man attached to the sultry voice .
tr	I	Sarah knew how much she loved being in her own home at night , but * * * Earlier , Esme had offered to spend the night .
tr	I	You already know I love to ski and I play basketball a couple of times a week .
tr	O	I wondered momentarily why he would be calling me , but then I remembered the bankruptcy suit I had filed .
tr	O	When I pulled myself to the window again , my heart was pounding in my chest and sweat was trickling salty down my cheek .
tr	I	He knew that if his heart could still beat it would have stopped at the sight of her , and she was stunning , breathtaking .
tr	I	He could sense her wanting to go back , and it had to be in search of Kim .
tr	O	I know you want to believe in me but you 're stopping yourself .
tr	O	The victory was strangely hollow , but Matthias shouldered it anyway .
tr	I	She knew where the door was , but it was so dark she couldn 't see .
tr	I	He is also Josh 's accountant and he was your Dad 's accountant .
tr	O	His stomach churned and he turned away .
tr	O	Rusty smiled and his golden eyes sparkled with greed .
tr	O	I had met Esther and we had now parted .
tr	O	Our party is still small with 10,000 members strong , and we need dedicated party members to follow our orders .
tr	I	He didn 't hear any movement , but Cain stiffened , wondering if Robert had come home .
tr	I	Her eyes were sad , but she tried to smile .
tr	I	She tried to speak around it but Jane 's breath was ragged .
tr	I	The damage is already done , but since then she 's repented .
tr	I	He pulled my face up until I had to look at him , and the hand over my mouth moved under my chin .
tr	I	He shook his head , but I tried to kiss him again .
tr	I	Gary 's shoes were almost touching it ... and the crowd stood right at its edge .
tr	I	Surely she would freeze , but she would not drown .
tr	I	They were less powerful , but he had a set of eyeglasses with the same capabilities .
tr	O	She hadn 't heard him follow her , but she should have anticipated that .
tr	O	There was something ominous in those words but Emily was hopelessly distracted from pursuing that thought .
tr	I	The rest had followed suit , and Ollie was standing well , considering his injury .
tr	I	It had to have been well after midnight , but there wasn 't a clock in the room .
tr	I	It was terrible PR , but at first they couldn 't figure out what it was .
tr	O	It had only been a short time since he had awakened this morning , but it felt like years had gone by .
tr	I	He looked up in surprise when he saw her step away from the stable wall , and his movements with the reins seemed weary .
tr	O	He peeked sideways at her through his long , black eyelashes , not a coy expression , but he seemed rather proud of her .
tr	I	When it came to technology he knew exactly what to do but he may have been a pathetic little weasel .
tr	I	I 'm holding my boarding pass in my mouth as I bend over to tie my shoelaces and Chapter Eleven I 've checked in .
tr	I	I can feel my oncoming nervous tears and my hand brushes his cheek .
tr	I	I walk toward it out of curiosity , and there 's one remaining barn on the left , before the smaller domiciles begin .
tr	O	Sure , she 'd accused me of cheating on him , but she 'd also come tattling to Ethan .
tr	I	He didn 't seem to mind , but Water was soaking into his shirt .
tr	I	The Smoker lowered his sticks , and the Thugs running toward her drew to a stop .
tr	O	She muttered something under her breath about idiot teenagers and how she refused to take the blame , whatever came of it .
tr	O	She tried to reach for his sandwich and he held it out of her reach .
tr	I	I thought I might , but she wasn 't crying .
tr	O	Maybe a good swim would clear his head and he could bathe while he was at it .
tr	I	There wasn 't a doubt in his mind , and more than once Rich had collided with that pride of hers .
tr	I	It could wait , but the pad would be soaked through soon , if it wasn 't already .
tr	O	She was glad it was dark out , and he couldn 't see how red her cheeks glowed .
tr	I	I searched in vain for something to say , and he grew quiet again .
tr	O	I knew I probably hurt her , but I couldn 't be sorry .
tr	O	It was now the middle of the day , and they were far from the baseball field .
tr	O	It had been the last time we made love , and the last time I 'd seen him really smile .
tr	O	He started to smile , and then he glanced up .
tr	O	His nostrils flared , and she swore his head dipped down a fraction of an inch before he stopped .
tr	I	I couldn 't move him , but I struggled to push him away from me .
tr	I	He did have a little English , but Mendoza admitted that his Polish was not very good .
tr	I	The creature rammed it head-on and the door slammed shut .
tr	I	She looked directly into Saber 's eyes and her eyes fluttered open .
tr	I	Just visible behind the graffiti above it were the words : The Golem Trust , but the window was boarded over .
tr	I	She was there , right in front of me but I turned the corner , hoping to sneak by her without being seen .
tr	I	I could see her pupils dilate as our thighs touched and she leaned towards me .
tr	O	There were similar buildings nearby , but that didn 't mean much .
tr	O	He couldn 't hold on another second , but he had to take her with him .
tr	I	I 'm still trying to make sense of the match-up , but the girl can find redeeming qualities in a drowned rat .
tr	O	I love riding horses , but even horsemen don 't bet all their money on one race .
tr	I	It wouldn 't have put a dent in his bank account , and she could have demanded millions .
tr	I	We went to our room and I smiled as I took Amelia 's hand .
tr	O	She cried her protest and he growled as he saluted each of her nipples with a devouring suckle .
tr	I	The two men went into the living room and he threw the pack on the kitchen table .
tr	I	Izzy forced him back , but the Lightning blocked it .
tr	I	I went past to get the ice and he stepped aside .
tr	I	No way did she want to embarrass herself with this man , and she 'd be lucky to get through the experience without flinching .
tr	I	That , I knew , was part of its appeal for Bex , and it was also bloody risky .
tr	I	If he was , he was invisible , but frowning , I glanced around the store , certain that he was there .
tr	I	The clock read five in the morning , so I decided to stay awake , but it was still dark outside .
tr	I	It was all her fault and Claire had suffered a massive stroke .
tr	I	I was right , and I knew I 'd seen him .
tr	I	I hope you understand that Greg now that you 're here and the trust we have for each other has to be total .
tr	I	Her side of the family would not be refused , but even her uncle did not understand her request to join the Templars .
tr	I	If nobody knew who I was at The Cove , maybe that didn 't matter , but I might have failed at changing my appearance .
tr	O	She gestured toward the door , and they started toward the edge of the village .
tr	I	After glancing at the map , Preston led the way up higher on the ridge , but atop the ridge , the paths went in several directions .
tr	O	They 're dead , and I 'm not .
tr	O	I mean I did , but they weren 't exactly people .
tr	I	I nodded and Brandon looked at me as I continued sipping .
tr	O	Everyone settled down , and she made no comments when my nearest neighbors scooted their chairs a few inches away .
tr	I	The words launched themselves across the room without her volition and Claire had been watching the door to the lounge for two hours .
tr	I	Then she notices Ally sitting there , and the girl 's voice is angry .
tr	I	They show no sign of calming down , and Blood has spattered all over both of them .
tr	O	She might mesmerize every other man on the site , but her playfulness was bugging the shit out of Jax .
tr	I	His expression softened and Kaspar seemed taken aback .
tr	I	I punched his arm and he winked at me .
tr	I	The pressure of Cole 's face between her legs held her in place , but she was nearly sliding off the leather chair .
tr	O	On the landing Jack raised his hand , but the door opened before he could knock .
tr	O	She turned her face up to him , and then she felt his lips land softly on hers .
tr	O	I whirled toward it and as I ended my whirl , I saw him close the door .
tr	O	It would be difficult to fight with the mittens on , but she could still punch .
tr	I	He pushes out a breath , and his eyes drop to the table .
tr	O	The larger trees were mostly dead , but new saplings were popping up everywhere .
tr	I	Without breaking stride he turned to address her and the quiet comment caught Gabriel 's attention .
tr	O	There was a bag lady in his car , and she looked terrified .
tr	I	He hadn 't lost his mind , but he might have lost faith .
tr	I	My heart sank , and as we neared the door to her hotel room , those voices grew louder .
tr	O	The weather was beautiful and the air smelled like the flowers that bloomed in the gardens not far away .
tr	I	That had not mattered , for I was simply smart enough to get by in school but I was never the studious type .
tr	I	I wonder how Bang Ali could stand dating you for three years , but call me mean .
tr	O	Our watchmen must still be falling asleep , and last night , they 'd imagined we were safe because of our decisive victory .
tr	I	Suffering I caused you and ' Until recently , I never really understood all the pain .
tr	I	This could easily be one of their traps , and Daphne was right when she said the forest was probably full of Reapers .
tr	I	It still made him sad , but she had to find out sometime .
tr	I	He wanted to get back into his workout routine and it was only his third Sunday afternoon in Cupertino .
tr	O	The car turns in the opposite direction to The Unnamed 's building and I let it go behind us .
tr	I	Now I had a black Visa card with no limit , but as Jacob 's assistant I had a five figure clothing allowance .
tr	O	I don 't recognize her face , and her clothes are white , not belonging to any faction .
tr	I	There was no avoiding it , but swallowing his pride left a bitter taste in his mouth .
tr	I	They weren 't built to do that very well and nothing about the other clothes I was wearing would be useful other than keeping me warm .
tr	O	Basha nodded and Monika turned her head away from him .
tr	I	She 's keen to get on with it but she knows it 'll be a rollercoaster journey .
tr	O	I was leaning towards another minion being behind the disappearances , but I didn 't want to jump to conclusions .
tr	I	She understood she was facing a crucial moment , but her flight instinct was screaming at her again .
tr	I	My memories of the long hours on the road were less fond , but the holidays themselves had always been wonderful .
tr	I	She was still interested over him but he was definitely like his friend .
tr	O	Robert had been offered this northwestern quadrant of Nebraska -- or he was free to look for opportunities elsewhere .
tr	O	It had already been dark when she got home and she 'd been in a hurry to get inside .
tr	I	He began to pleasure me in earnest and that exchange seemed to light a fire in him .
tr	I	I tried to think fast and obviously he was hiding something .
tr	I	He looked a little exasperated , and he was standing with Carlton .
tr	I	There are so many of them , but we could try to fight our way out .
tr	I	He walked behind me , pressing the gun against my spine , and I took him inside the station .
tr	O	Thor reddened , but he could not back down .
tr	I	I embraced him and I stood up .
tr	I	Two dimples appeared in his cheeks and he grinned .
tr	O	They were all the same , and they were so very different .
tr	O	It may have been the unusually quiet atmosphere that set Jones on edge or it could have been the lack of staff at the nurse 's station .
tr	O	He had wanted to go at first light but Clancy 's wound had altered those plans .
tr	O	Mitchell 's mouth opened again but this time no words emerged .
tr	I	There 's no shelter left standing , but I 'm shivering bad .
tr	O	We were complete opposites , but maybe it would make us great roommates .
tr	O	The doorbell rang , but both ignored it .
tr	O	I had a feeling that Dr. Atrium Sparks and I were going to get along just fine .
tr	O	He picked up the pace and I felt myself building again .
tr	I	The cottage , while small , was well proportioned , and there were signs of a garden , long neglected now .
tr	O	I yelped at the pain , and even after she raised my arm , I still found myself whimpering as the effects lingered .
tr	I	I had a floating feeling , offset by the flat feeling of shock , and the painkillers were kicking in .
tr	O	I could come this way , but I didn 't want to .
tr	O	The older man flipped on a light , revealing an office with blond wood walls and multiple low bookcases painted a very ugly burnt orange .
tr	O	It was almost impossible to use a paddle without bruising , but he didn 't give her everything .
tr	I	I try to shake it off before I get carried away , and that vision from Rockaway blows through me like a summer storm .
tr	O	We met in the Dark and he never talked much about his life .
tr	I	He snarls viciously through clenched teeth and Zachary 's eyes are wild with hate .
tr	O	I didn 't say anything and she opened it without looking at the sender address .
tr	I	He wasn 't going to lose ground now , but a moment of doubt flickered over her face .
tr	O	The air was dry , and the temperature was sweltering .
tr	O	It was hard keeping so much from him , but I wasn 't ready to share .
tr	I	Pleasure brought a rare smile to his dark eyes , and the sea breeze brushed lightly over his naked skin .
tr	O	It was such a simple word , but I thought it described Salina perfectly , given what I 'd seen her do to Antonio .
tr	I	It was now part of Brian 's grave , but it surely belonged to a member of the living at one time .
tr	I	It infected me in a strange way and his smile didn 't seem to fade .
tr	I	Jamie will keep guard and we are safe here tonight .
tr	O	I brushed his hair out of his eyes and he leaned into my hand .
tr	O	Before he can see Joshi he slipped into the cabin sitting on the pot , and I turned towards the urinal acting in front of the man .
tr	O	I see things in a dark light but the candles made it visible to see .
tr	O	Again , she wanted to find a safer exit , but Isaac yelled that the other walls were the same .
tr	O	Just ignore that , and it will pass .
tr	I	She 'd gotten some good shots and they 'd had a good ride .
tr	I	I was surrounded on all sides by it , and it was scary .
tr	O	Like I was in a dream , and it was time to wake up .
tr	O	I open my eyes and I see her bag .
tr	O	You can call it love , or you can call it freefall .
tr	I	I fall into an easy pattern and once things return to normal Knox .
tr	I	It felt good washing around my toes and it was warm .
tr	O	I know that he could become unstable at any time , that he could have complications , but I 'm willing to be there for him .
tr	I	Cory noticed him looking thoughtfully towards the parking lot , and Gene was waiting .
tr	O	We 've been broken up a few weeks and she 's already moved on ?
tr	I	The heroin was inspected for purity and Romano remained in his car while the account balances were verified .
tr	O	A chill ran through me , and I shivered .
tr	I	The book remained closed , but he placed it in his hand that way now , in the dark , as a sort of a somber joke .
tr	I	Yes , it was definitely George , and suddenly she saw him again , getting onto a tram .
tr	O	Nick 's silver Crown Vic pulled up beside my car and I stepped out before he got out of the car .
tr	I	I 'm glad she seems happy , but I 'm a little envious .
tr	I	He wished he had paid more attention to the comment , and it had taken a while to recall the exact words .
tr	O	Sergeant Gibbs had the day off , but she would probably need him as well .
tr	I	The adrenaline rush was fun , but she was also very scared .
tr	O	If pressed , he might say that it was an unfortunate happenstance , but to wager a kingdom on one girl ?
tr	I	We walked to the hotel in silence and I just nodded at Ry 's words .
tr	I	She quickly shut it again because the air around them was bitterly cold , and Scarlett realised that her jaw was open .
tr	O	We hopped in and Mathers pressed the button for the first floor .
tr	I	He 'd gone bald years ago , but a thick gray mustache set off a face that would make any gangster proud .
tr	I	You do have the power to make them better , but I was going to tell you that you may not be able to fix things .
tr	O	Nina stared down into my eyes and I knew .
tr	O	They moved quickly with their heads held low and their muskets held forward with one hand .
tr	I	She knew who it was , and there was a knock at her door .
tr	I	His eyes were anxious now , and I looked up at him again .
tr	O	His expression was blank , and his skin was bleached .
tr	I	The cool of the night brought the mist rolling in gently across the marshes , and the day had been a hot one .
tr	O	Frank had built shelves , but they were crudely implemented .
tr	O	I close the door and as soon as I turn around , I bump into my dad .
tr	I	I 'm afraid he won 't , but if he would treat Eadie as his whore I should be content .
tr	I	He wouldn 't have gotten in touch or he obviously wanted some contact with her .
tr	O	She felt the pressure of his skin against hers , and suddenly she could smell mint .
tr	O	Choose to love with your mind and it is the way you become .
tr	O	Her heart gripped and her throat tightened .
tr	O	Again , the light came on automatically , but the clothing in this closet looked as if it belonged to another woman .
tr	I	They caught up almost immediately but I moved away from them .
tr	I	A record number of 150 million people were not working , and unemployment was a staggering 25 percent .
tr	O	I want to be a lawyer and I have worked very hard to pursue this goal .
tr	I	I 'm so happy , but I didn 't think I 'd win .
tr	I	Their bodies dumped in unmarked , shallow graves and there must be countless people who have been murdered .
tr	I	Blood spurted out , and with a grunt of triumph she drove it into the body .
tr	O	Louisa took a bite of her club sandwich , normally a favorite , yet today it tasted like a paper wrapper .
tr	O	His father 's face fell and he slowly shook his head .
tr	O	I couldn 't think of a response to that , but I had to speak .
tr	O	Tears sting the backs of my eyes , but I refuse to cry over Mason again .
tr	O	My head was buried in my arms at the island and I hadn 't sat up when he walked in .
tr	I	Still , I didn 't even see him and he 's so quiet .
tr	O	I ask and he nods .
tr	I	I looked up to see him looking down and his voice brought me out of my stupor .
tr	I	He was damn glad , but he didn 't know what had changed her mind .
tr	O	The damaged limb curved over the roof above Mia 's window , and Emily could imagine the ruin to the roof if it fell .
tr	I	There wasn 't really much for the older folks to do except stand around and Midvale by nature was a quiet town .
tr	I	The weather wasn 't about to let them forget and Christmas was less than two months away .
tr	I	He snags my shoulders , but I try to push past him .
tr	I	He would not mind spending more time with her , and he looked forward to his evenings with Stacy more than he should .
tr	O	It seemed like most of the student body was milling around on the lawn , but only a handful of them looked new , like me .
tr	I	At the same time she wanted to beat back hope , but she wanted to ask them so many questions .
tr	O	I press my finger against it and it smears .
tr	O	Thank God Kirstie had finally fallen asleep upstairs , and Seth was on hand to watch over her .
tr	I	In the end , I think it 's been good for us both , but being away from him has seriously been hard .
tr	I	I don 't , but I should stop .
tr	I	It wouldn 't be the last and it wasn 't the first time .
tr	O	Disappointment started to build , but she chased it away .
tr	O	I unlock my front door , and we head upstairs .
tr	O	Begging me to put that picture on the wall and never let go .
tr	I	Conrad jumped down from the roof of the car , and Tristan slid off his rather comfortable recliner .
tr	O	Hades dismissed the remaining dead , leaving the three of us alone , and the tension was as high as ever between us .
tr	I	Our speed slowed to thirty , and the tires sank into the powder .
tr	I	She was unsettled and she was convinced that something was about to happen .
tr	I	I knew how busy his schedule was , but I had Cary Grant in mind as the leading man .
tr	I	She flashed him her best smile , but it did nothing for her .
tr	O	My heart sank in my chest , my mind in a whirl , and my body completely numb .
tr	I	Hart hadn 't thought it would , before Eleanor found her deepest pleasure , and it did not take long .
tr	I	It wasn 't the same as being right there in his crypt , but she imagined that he could hear .
tr	I	He seems off balance and his voice is light .
tr	I	It sounded half full and he dinged the side of the drum .
tr	I	Hard pavement covers it , and the hole seals up .
tr	I	The two men tumbled down the stairs , landing with a hard thud at the bottom , and before he could regain his balance , Sean lunged .
tr	I	The new leader , Knock Knees , was a pacifist , but assyrians hardly ever ran out of wars .
tr	I	My complete focus went to his mouth , and a smirk appeared on his perfectly shaped lips .
tr	O	The door across the hall opened and a small , curvy , pretty woman with curly blonde hair poked her head out .
tr	O	Her teeth clicked together and her tiny chin trembled .
tr	I	Sam climbed until he got out of the drift , and she pulled .
tr	O	I was still upslope of the fallen tree , and I began making my way to the right .
tr	I	We were down by one point with only seconds left , and it was the fourth quarter against Myrtle Beach High School .
tr	I	His words are not without some merit , but ' Aye , he speaks falsely .
tr	I	Yes , our lovable Lieutenant has chewed my ass about it , and yes , the other squad leaders give me shit over it .
tr	I	Nothing came to me , but I studied the house , hoping to spur recollection .
tr	O	When dawn comes , I will bid men sound Helm 's horn , and I will ride forth .
tr	I	I don 't start anything , but the stares still bother me .
tr	O	At the last second , Mina flailed upright , but the mutt adjusted the arc of its attack .
tr	O	The mistake last time had been not giving the hunt a purpose , but that mistake would not be made tonight .
tr	I	Not because he 'd remembered she was his wife , and it hadn 't occurred to him to pull out .
tr	I	I 've already put in an application a couple weeks ago and the hospital is hiring .
tr	I	I can 't tell her the truth about the beating , but I hate lying to her .
tr	O	His light dimmed , and he was standing in front of me again , solid , eyes troubled .
tr	O	His candy-colored gaze went sharp , and the edges of his mouth dug in at the sides .
tr	I	She took that as a good sign , and Cain groaned in pain .
tr	I	The three boys listened to the town local and the feeling of being on the verge of an argument disappeared .
tr	O	All three children were giggling and even Douglas was smiling .
tr	O	Ye weep , unhappy ones , but these are not your last tears !
tr	O	I love her , but my first duty is to my clan .
tr	I	She clenched around it in surprise and as she smiled over his words , he slid one finger inside of her .
tr	I	It slammed shut on her , and Leah put her hand in the way .
tr	I	I turned up to him , and Anger grew at my center .
tr	I	There was also pain ... but Anger lit his eyes .
tr	I	He reached out in desperation and the kindly orphans eyes widened .
tr	O	I raised my fist , but Monty pulled me back .
tr	O	As usual , Nik 's reasoning made sense , but it didn 't stop Ice from waking up grumpy this morning .
tr	I	They would handle the execution and once he entered an area with a local pack , I was to report to them .
tr	I	I couldn 't look away and I couldn 't stop the tears .
tr	O	Around his neck he wore an assortment of necklaces but they were tucked into his t-shirt at the front .
tr	O	Zac touched it and a door opened .
tr	O	The unattached usually are a mess and the good ones are married .
tr	O	The sides had toppled when the roof caved in and kudzu blanketed the structure , weaving through the boards .
tr	I	She didn 't know for what , but the power inside her was hungry .
tr	O	She hadn 't noticed him come in , but she was very aware of him now .
tr	O	I told you before you left that I know my own heart , and I do .
tr	I	Fire kindles in his eyes , and Blood rushes into his face .
tr	I	Then I crouched up into a ready position , and I waited for a few moments to steady my breath .
tr	O	He handed it to me and I took a small sip .
tr	I	I 'm pretty sure she 's worthless in that department , but no offence to Brielle .
tr	I	She was and Savannah seemed super sad .
tr	I	I couldn 't place their ethnicity , but they had an heir of familiarity .
tr	I	They were unoccupied , but the breakfast tables had been laid out .
tr	I	His father wasn 't being accommodating , and he needed a battleground on which to vent the emotions churning inside him .
tr	I	When it turned in the water quickly , it produced a wave that drove the zombie into the woman and a rescue boat came by .
tr	I	Apparently , she wasn 't able to speak freely about it and he put it down to bad memories .
tr	O	Sure , I would always have regrets , but regrets were nothing new to me .
tr	I	She might not feel strong enough to resist them , and no doubt it would tease more lustful desires .
tr	I	She could hear them , but she couldn 't see them yet .
tr	I	The hue of violet I love so much returns , and her blue eyes lose their glaze .
tr	O	The sheets were stripped from the bed , and Emily rolled around , sensing her mother 's presence .
tr	I	We began walking towards the beach and he took hold of my hand .
tr	I	Adam shouted with it , and the engine roared .
tr	O	Cameron 's brows shot down , but the look he gave her struck her to the heart .
tr	O	I didn 't see Sam , but I know it was him .
tr	I	I started to feel chilly , wanting the covers over top of me , and the sweat on my body evaporated .
tr	I	I 'm starting to panic and I feel out-of-control of the situation .
tr	I	I didn 't want to trouble the others with it , and this was my concern .
tr	O	The bruises on his face had healed from the tea and the hardness in his eyes was gone , leaving only the warm honey color I loved .
tr	O	His eyelids drooped in amusement , and his voice was a caress .
tr	I	I found myself again ... and then I met Liam .
tr	I	After a few seconds , she dropped it back on the table and her hand was ignored .
tr	O	There were points she approved of in his policies , but giving the tax incentives to donors instead of funding education had irked her .
tr	I	The stuffing was strewn everywhere and the sofa bed had been slashed .
tr	O	You do any damage to it and the cops will hunt you down .
tr	O	Colin settled his mouth on one breast , and Belinda arched up to him .
tr	I	She hadn 't been able to drink any for the past four days but all she wanted in that moment was a cold can of Diet Coke .
tr	I	She sat down in my chair and I headed for the stairs .
tr	I	Not anything easily cleared , either , but not exactly canals like in Holland .
tr	O	We 'd survived another day , and if all went well tomorrow we 'd see the end of all this .
tr	O	I can hire someone to put in a bay window for her , but I 'm not sure where to go from there .
tr	I	Her lips had lost color , and her color was ashen .
tr	I	Her cheeks are all rosy , and they 're a little more hurried .
tr	O	Not that she 'd ever called a sex line , but she imagined that 's what the men who worked them would sound like .
tr	I	He never lived here with us , but my father bought it for her .
tr	O	The microwave made a beeping noise but she ignored it .
tr	O	The cutter began to shake her head slowly , and her wide , mad eyes suddenly glistened .
tr	O	The humidity dropped away with each passing second , and a chill filled the air as it dried , the moisture drained away by some unseen force .
tr	I	He also needed me because mining the Internet gold was still a mystery to these guys but he could smell me a mile away .
tr	O	They were pale windows to her soul , and I saw straight to it , with no impediments .
tr	O	I hate that I have to be grateful to Jake , but I 'm so glad he got there in time .
tr	O	She says nothing , but when I look down at her , her brown eyes are pleading for mercy .
tr	O	I 've thought about doing this before , but I always decided against it .
tr	O	Denny had gotten directions on the way over and we easily found Pete 's bar .
tr	I	His eyes were impassive as he watched her undo the last lace , but the captain had turned during her provocative speech .
tr	O	I know I keep saying we 're dead but I no longer really think of it like that .
tr	O	Have a safe flight and please behave .
tr	O	Dark curls tumbled over his forehead and her fingers itched to touch them .
tr	O	She really had learned a lot from Roman and she 'd also learned a lot about herself .
tr	O	My eyes opened to see his head , still close , was turned but he had not straightened away from me .
tr	I	He was going to take it down immediately and Well Subject # 78 needed her binder now .
tr	I	He knew better than to waste his breath , but Joseph wanted to tell her to come in .
tr	O	Officer Burns was right behind them , but my snarl backed the guy off .
tr	I	Sometimes they were a royal pain in the ass , but he loved his family .
tr	O	He knew he was wrong for letting his little brother go off on his own , but he was tired of being the babysitter .
tr	O	Nearing the top , it wasn 't that easy and with each step the window seemed to get further away , how high was this bookcase ?
tr	I	They both rose , and she gently pulled .
tr	I	There was no wonderful future and I wanted a wonderful future .
tr	O	For a while the goblins could go no further and their bodies piled up in mounds around the ridge .
tr	O	I was still laughing , but the ripples of it were dying down .
tr	O	I moved my head too quickly , and a wave of nausea blurred my vision .
tr	O	She stepped back , letting me in , and as I brushed by her she noted the overly full backpack on my back .
tr	O	She was no celebrity , but she 'd been asked for her autograph before .
tr	O	Some cars ran the red light on the corner , and others went down wrong way streets to get away .
tr	I	She put her hand to her chest , and Sarah 's heart slowly calmed .
tr	O	I want him , and Tom knows it .
tr	O	Devlin 's a poor loser and he 'll just keep trying to get Eloise back .
tr	O	I 'll be gentle , or I 'll be rough .
tr	O	She opened the door , and he followed without question .
tr	O	In your case right now , you have an off-white shell around you and it is rather faded .
tr	I	I was positive I could almost feel some warmth on my bare arms and however it now showed me that the blackness was perhaps becoming less dense .
tr	I	She didn 't seem inclined to talk much , and the waitress , a shifter , was moving in an odd , almost slinking manner .
tr	I	Then at times they would be like the green of the emerald , but she loved making them intensely blue .
tr	O	Tamar smiled slightly , fully aware of what she was trying to do but he wasn 't going to allow it .
tr	O	For example , I don 't see it as any problem telling Mito what we 're doing , but we don 't have to tell her everything .
tr	I	She looked like she was holding her breath , and her eyes widened , just a bit .
tr	O	She obviously hadn 't heard the rest , or she wouldn 't be nearly so calm .
tr	I	I was trapped against his muscular chest , and he began to thrust upwards into me .
tr	O	She could feel the bitterness of Luciana 's gaze whenever they were in the same room and the tension was getting to her .
tr	O	My mom tried to show us love in the moments she wasn 't fighting for her own life , but every effort was overshadowed by my father .
tr	I	The burning instantly brought Marwan to the ground in pain and he realized it was some kind of acid powder that she had .
tr	I	I didn 't recognize them , but he was with two others .
tr	I	She didn 't want to be obvious about it , but which would in turn reveal what he probably knew was underneath her arms .
tr	I	The temperature in the hive seemed to drop , and the Queen made a quick gesture of her left hand .
tr	O	Cleo sat next to him on the couch and he scooted over .
tr	I	We do have a link in the pen but I 'm not chained to my best friend .
tr	I	I want you to know the truth and I am the leader of my people .
tr	O	We were about to line up for the first play when the whistle blew and the other team called a time out .
tr	I	Gabriel was faster , but she grabbed for Lydia 's throat again .
tr	I	Her next words stopped me , but I made to turn around .
tr	I	Her faded away but she surrounded his senses so completely that everything else .
tr	O	The swift decision for ac tion didn 't blot out the memory of what she 'd just seen , but it made the whole situation more bearable .
tr	O	I needed to separate what he was thinking from my own mind , but at the same time , I didn 't want to do it .
tr	I	Both knew they would miss their friends greatly but they said little .
tr	O	We 've met a few times , but I usually just kind of blend in .
tr	O	Our children are a bountiful harvest from our maker and they are all the riches I will ever need .
tr	O	Sawyer waves at me as I drive by him and I flip him off again .
tr	O	You may have the run of the house , but you will not invite anyone else inside .
tr	I	His answer never came , but the silence was deafening .
tr	I	At the time it was of little consequence to me , but this will be important later , as you will see .
tr	I	The ones in the clearing seemed to be babies , but we 'd met some warlocks who were truly dangerous .
tr	I	She ordered a glass of chardonnay , and Fiji looked blank during this exchange .
tr	I	Once he 'd arrived he couldn 't seem to find the source , but several days ago , it had drawn him to this place .
tr	I	Her not yet seventeen , and she fancies herself quite a lady .
tr	O	She snuggles into me and we sit there for what seems like ages , just enjoying the moment .
tr	I	There had been no effect and they had tested the argon compound on all parts of the brain .
tr	O	I am bluffing , but he doesn 't know that .
tr	O	Tammie didn 't especially like Bill , but she didn 't like any man her mother brought home .
tr	O	She had dreams and she had hopes .
tr	O	They rode silently back to the office and the elevator was filled with tension as the numbers slowly crawled up to the top floor .
tr	O	When she pulled back , he noticed the bags under her eyes and he knew she was operating on as little sleep as he was .
tr	O	The roots seemed much too extensive for such a small tree and she had to hack away with the edge of the shovel .
tr	I	You 've let me take responsibility , and you 've taken out your anger .
tr	I	Candace leaned closer to Bob to listen , and Mike nodded his head .
tr	O	His body was so warm , so close , and the last thin threads of my reserves melted away .
tr	I	She felt her skin begin to tingle with delight and Micro bubbles tickled her chest as she breathed .
tr	O	That question took some real soul-searching , but she was determined to be honest .
tr	I	Otherwise , we did remarkably well , but we 've burned out the stabilizers .
tr	O	The climb onto the roof had gotten it started , but the sight of Blake vanishing amplifies that by at least double .
tr	I	When he took my hand , I felt his heat even through my gloves , and Emerald briefly shone from his eyes .
tr	I	Switched on the lights and * * * Huxley opened the door to his flat .
tr	O	He 's got a power now and he 's using it .
tr	I	Aiden , after the briefest hesitation , followed , and Louise set off down the slope .
tr	I	He took a moment to straighten up as he stepped back , and he was close to her , too close for personal space .
tr	O	She felt Damen bending down again , and Mairi bit her lip hard as his breath fanned the folds of her womanhood .
tr	I	Then I decided against it , but I thought briefly of trying to escape .
tr	O	Sure I took my sweet time walking home tonight , but that 's because the weather is amazing .
tr	I	I couldn 't focus on them just yet , but some distance beyond I heard townsfolk screaming .
tr	O	The door moved and he peeped out .
tr	O	She was here with me yesterday , but she shouldn 't have been blacklisted .
tr	I	Jasmine turned anxiously toward me the second the door shut , and I forced a pained smile .
tr	I	It would also get Black 's ass thrown into prison , but being outed as a hooker would end my career .
tr	O	It was the first time I 'd heard him acknowledge that , and irrational tears filled my eyes .
tr	O	Fog shrouded the property , and bolts of light illuminated it in a staccato rhythm .
tr	O	Peter read determination on her face , and he was suddenly riven with doubt .
tr	O	My body was brimming with need , and he felt like fire where he moved between my thighs .
tr	O	She grinned at me , and I wondered why I couldn 't shut the hell up .
tr	I	We grabbed our coats and she slapped my butt .
tr	I	The benefits were good , and her starting salary was about what she had been making at her old company .
tr	I	She took it , still mentally reeling and he offered her his arm again .
tr	I	I feel a new sense of determination come over me and picking up the scalpel , my hand is not shaking .
tr	I	Lawrence couldn 't see him , but Albert smirked .
tr	O	I knew what he needed from me , but right now all I craved was him .
tr	O	There weren 't many who 'd walk down these streets alone , but then Jax wasn 't just anyone .
tr	O	By my third try , I was sure he had turned off the ringer , but I kept at it anyway .
tr	I	He kept up his watch in their direction , but they had already disappeared through the double doors .
tr	I	I want to smack him and Noah 's dimple winks .
tr	I	She knew to fear him but shrouded in a heavy robe with deep cowl , she could see nothing of him .
tr	I	The shock blacked him out , and he hit the deck on his knees .
tr	O	There 'd been far ... less of her when he 'd last seen her , and she 'd been wearing glasses back then , too .
tr	O	The ambulance arrived and he was driven to the Fleming Infirmary with all possible haste .
tr	O	His face erupted into a big , wide grin and he felt the nearest thing to joy that a pirate can feel .
tr	O	The music begins again , and Eve drops her tunic .
tr	I	I guessed she was getting advice from the other detectives around her , and I could hear someone muttering to her .
tr	O	I 'm the one who came to rescue you from Zinger , and I 'm the one who told Captain Tompkins to change course .
tr	I	None of them mattered in that moment , but she had so many questions .
tr	I	David was pretty sure Monroe would know that , but it was all lies .
tr	I	Then , on the screen , an image appeared as the projector whirred , and he snapped off the lights in the room .
tr	I	The Seeker stood and Emerson handed the emerald to her .
tr	I	Then Kevin 's defenseman shoved him on his way by , but they almost made it to their starting spots without incident .
tr	O	I prepare for impact , to be in battle with my father 's greatest enemy , but he stops just inches from my face .
tr	I	Some shit like that , Or when her back 's to us both , I mouth at Noah ?
tr	O	Her head tilted back and a light began to shine on her .
tr	O	I thought you were trying to patch things up , but you 're with someone ?
tr	I	This horny lug was no knight , and well , she was no damsel .
tr	O	My belt was cut and my body dragged out of the van , my shins scraping across the dash .
tr	I	Other thoughts overpowered it , but the fog tickled something in the back of Dan ' r 's mind , as it always did .
tr	I	Still Mason did a quick dental check , but he knew she wasn 't a Vampire .
tr	I	She signs up for a few more appointments and Black hands the papers to Mel .
tr	I	She knew it was well into the day , and even though her eyes were closed , she felt the burn of sunlight on them .
tr	O	He 's wanted to tell me so badly , but he knows I 'll fight him on it .
tr	I	That still formed some sort of base , but your idea could be wildly different from the story of the girl with her grandmother .
tr	O	I glanced at the wooden door , but it was still closed .
tr	O	He interjected some comment when Max paused to take a breath , and the table exploded in laughter again .
tr	I	She had to admit that she loved being complimented by him and he knew how to make her smile .
tr	I	No one has said what and something is horribly wrong .
tr	O	Yes , she 'd given birth to me , but she hadn 't been in my life .
tr	I	It wasn 't doing her any good , but so , she might be getting somewhere .
tr	O	I was in third grade , and I 'd been called to the office .
tr	O	He 'd regret writing me off eventually , and I 'd make him proud one day .
tr	I	She could hardly see an alternative , yet she didn 't want to make false promises of staying .
tr	O	I had some coffee going and she was making crepes .
tr	O	I curl my lip and Cas nods his agreement .
tr	O	She pulled her plane out of sight , and I wasn 't sure where she was until I heard her machine gun fire .
tr	O	His other hand slides up my thigh , and James pulls my leg over his hip .
tr	I	I feel like my whole life has crashed down around my shoulders , and I haven 't gotten much sleep lately .
tr	O	Timmy was a driving force behind Gabriel 's bid to be mayor , and he did , in fact , have a criminal record .
tr	I	It looked like the boys had gone out somewhere , but it was only ten p.m. at this point .
tr	I	No sign of the muzzle flash , and there was just the one shot .
tr	O	I expect surprise , unease , something , but he doesn 't seem shaken at all to see what he has created .
tr	I	I pushed that little bitch up against the wall , but I 'd never hurt a woman .
tr	O	A knock sounded at the door , and the nurse I 'd seen earlier stuck her head in .
tr	I	She was calling the shots , and this was her ball game .
tr	I	He knew Mary was the only one close enough to have any information , but his father hadn 't found anything out about experiments .
tr	I	Francesca said it would have to be done and it seems a bit of a daunting task to check every single woman .
tr	I	Cups my face with his hands , and he comes over to me until we 're a breadth apart .
tr	I	His eyes open wider and Charlie 's jaw drops slightly .
tr	O	For a brief instant I think he 's going to reject me , but then he smiles again .
tr	O	There was no need for any false modesty at this point , and Goddard was very proud of this fact .
tr	O	She couldn 't and she wouldn 't !
tr	O	My feet frantically search for support and I begin to panic .
tr	O	He couldn 't stop her , that much was clear but at the very least he could support her so that she had some chance .
tr	I	He couldn 't , but Nick tried to repress an indulgent sigh .
tr	O	I could feel her slipping away from me , but her eyes kept pleading , so I promised .
tr	O	The boys all began to walk back over the hill and I followed quickly behind them .
tr	I	Neither of us seemed to be able to stop it , but I hated that , as did she .
tr	O	The passion inside her was wound on a tight leash , and Simon wanted to be the one to unfurl it .
tr	O	The birds were chirping and the sun was just coming up over the horizon as she entered the stables .
tr	O	I dreaded to not only have to wait till next week , but that was only if I figured out how to beat him .
tr	I	The piano player make something beautiful out of nothing and I listened to Reed .
tr	I	Seeing him pour his attention into his own relationship has made things a lot easier , but I love his company .
tr	I	One I don 't like , and it 's an odd feeling .
tr	O	I am an expert and I am a professional .
tr	O	Traveling was extremely convenient , but it also could be dangerous .
tr	I	There 's no other way , but I know it 's risky .
tr	I	I take a deep breath but I don 't say nothing .
tr	O	Frank rolled over , and Claire saw the hard gleam of his eyes .
tr	O	These may seem fairly mundane to you but there were times when I thought I would never bother to be clean again .
tr	I	She hadn 't been able to bring herself to use it , but she 'd bought an over-the-counter test that boasted almost immediate detection .
tr	O	His brother asked him something , but he couldn 't hear him .
tr	O	A blinding light overtakes her on the road and this signals her time is done .
tr	O	The newspaper fluttered , and Fat Charlie was alone .
tr	I	I 'm ignoring it just like everyone else at this point , but I think he 's been blowing it ever since I got sacked .
tr	O	God , how he 'd wanted to , just to hear her voice again , but now those messages took on more meaning .
tr	O	There 's country music playing from an old stereo near the tools and the air smells like cigarette smoke because everyone keeps taking smoke breaks .
tr	I	He had to incline his head to meet her eyes , and he had to speak loudly to be heard .
tr	I	There would be no stopping him , and he was going to kill them .
tr	O	I was smiling from ear to ear as Simon and I walked back to the stable with Posy .
tr	O	I held my breath and sure enough , they all began to yell at me .
tr	O	She had chores to do and none of them involved an argument .
tr	O	He will trample you under his foot , and you will beg for mercy .
tr	I	Stu hadn 't come back with his normal file on her either and there had been no word from the woman .
tr	O	I don 't know anything about Belgium , but I 'm betting it wasn 't always this ugly .
tr	I	A few of them moved to block his way and as it became clear what his intention was , the Elders shifted .
tr	O	Maryann 's eyes blazed with fire and suddenly the whole room lit up again .
tr	I	It would be positively rude to sneak out of camp after her , and it wasn 't proper for one of my standing to eavesdrop .
tr	I	He sat clasping my hands in his , and I let him lead me to the living room couch .
tr	I	He knew he must choose and two doors gaped before him .
tr	O	I open my mouth to speak , but I can 't find the words .
tr	O	She could have sent for some of the women to help , but the room was small enough the two of them could manage .
tr	O	The rest of the folders I dropped with a gasp , but my eyes remained locked on the photo .
tr	O	It was hard to look nonchalant , under the circumstances , and I was relieved when the chief cameraman stopped to chat .
tr	O	Eyes wide with alarm , Cullen followed , but the woman moved surprisingly quickly for her age .
tr	O	He looked over her shoulder and his eyes gleamed again .
tr	O	' Something like that , ' I answered vaguely , but Weber must have realized his mistake , because he coughed , awkward .
tr	I	Having the responsibility to protect your people , and I think it just comes with being the ruler .
tr	O	Our bodies move together and his hand instantly teases the buttons on my coat .
tr	O	The new voice sang in a strange language , but the sound of that amazing voice defied description !
tr	O	Giacomo 's face was stony , but I forced myself to continue .
tr	I	It would stay active until whatever event had brought it to life , was completed , and the bowl never activated for anything less .
tr	I	I jumped in locking it behind and the door instantly unlocked .
tr	O	She 'd told him it was her intention , and Max , being Max , would confirm it .
tr	I	Heather 's husband had said them , yet it was hard to believe he was hearing those words .
tr	O	I don 't know what I did , but I know when I 'm not wanted .
tr	O	The message tone sounded again and Beth bit her lower lip in fear .
tr	I	I knew the meaning , but I couldn 't hear the little man 's words .
tr	I	The three of us crashed to the ground , and I threw myself against the dog that held him .
tr	O	The bag remained and he looked at the shifting light through the threads as he was moved .
tr	O	It had been two years since Zander Taylor 's death , but each summer in late August the nightmares struck .
tr	I	He wrapped it around me and Victor took one of the soft blankets .
tr	I	We got better quickly , but I knew we were awkward .
tr	O	It took the death of another crewman to do it , but she thought it best not to say anything about that .
tr	O	There are some benefits to being the daughter of the Chief of Police , but I 've found there are a lot of pitfalls too .
tr	O	I really am trying to shut the hell up , but I can 't .
tr	I	A light breeze had picked up , but the air was still warm .
tr	O	She 'll come as soon as she can , but I don 't know when that will be .
tr	O	I run until I smell sweet citrus , and then I stop .
tr	I	He couldn 't handle her hands on his hypersensitive erection right now , but she reached for him as he climbed his way up her body .
tr	I	She shook him off with a desperate cry , but Tegan 's hold was firm on her arm .
tr	O	Something prodded at the back of his mind and it screamed to know the answer .
tr	O	I broke eye contact with him , shutting mine for a second , and just like that , the humming was gone .
tr	I	I nodded and nikolas looked to me .
tr	I	I never wanted it to end and this was heaven .
tr	O	I 'm not sure what her last name is now , but I know she must be going to a school around here .
tr	O	Somebody called as I left , and I said nothing except for an awkward hand gesture .
tr	O	His ribs expanded with a deep sigh and he scrubbed a hand over his shadowed jaw .
tr	I	His body wouldn 't stop shaking , but finally she pulled away from him .
tr	I	I have to admit I 'm not excellent with it , and I 've done knife throwing with him before , once .
tr	O	I 'd heard that before and I figured they meant the same thing in a way .
tr	I	I wondered if she understood anything and she stared at me for a few long moments .
tr	O	The drink seemed perfect for him , and I was out of other ideas .
tr	I	You do , but I don 't know why .
tr	O	Thunder shook the ancient coaster 's wooden frame but Drew struggled to his feet as the train reached the crest .
tr	O	My balls drew up and I knew I was there .
tr	I	The feeling of power pushed her on , but she could almost feel herself panicking for her boldness .
tr	I	It didn 't look big enough to be a body , but there was a deeper blob of darkness down at the far end of the hall .
tr	I	If Liam saw it he said nothing , and the men at his back would not see his fear .
tr	I	She was going to spend a decidedly uncomfortable afternoon or Charlie decided she had best do something about the determined lady .
tr	I	It was something , but again , it wasn 't love .
tr	O	One day , his nightly dreams would become reality , but he wouldn 't rush Joni .
tr	O	A dull ache pressed against his chest but he ignored it .
tr	I	It seemed strange that Jo would call but she wasn 't sure if Jo was lying .
tr	I	The sun always seemed to be just out in front of the ship upon which he was stationed , and there wasn 't any shade .
tr	I	They were hard as jade , and Nick met his eyes again .
tr	I	He waved his little fists , watching me , and the baby 's blue eyes were wide open .
tr	O	Fighting is not solving anything , and it 's not helping Cassie any .
tr	I	I wasn 't , but funny , I thought I was already in survival mode .
tr	O	Nash narrows his eyes on me and his lips curve up at the corners .
tr	O	I had been to countless galleries with Ruth , but during our time at Black Mountain College something inside her was awakened .
tr	O	The worms had knitted it neatly , but his enemies had hung him too high for anyone to notice .
tr	I	I doubt they even hear you come in and they 're probably in Marcus ' bedroom anyway .
tr	O	He got lucky this time , but his luck would run out .
tr	I	I pinch myself , and I catch myself staring at his ass as he walks .
tr	I	What choice did she have , but she felt uncertain about this ?
tr	I	I knew that I was finally where I had always belonged and my eyes drifted closed just as his lips brushed across mine .
tr	I	Furious curiosity strummed at her mind , and she thought again of the empty jars .
tr	I	I suddenly feel cornered , and there are five of them .
tr	I	I closed my eyes , giving myself a minute to absorb everything and Emotion locked up my throat .
tr	I	She ended up almost tripping over , and it was ridiculous , since neither of us can dance .
tr	O	The music kicked up again and kids started dancing , arms flying , bodies flailing .
tr	I	I won 't have you saying you are and you 're not like him anymore !
tr	I	Investors stopped holding the U.S. government debt , and real estate prices remained in free fall .
tr	O	Her head snapped up and she gaped at the confused look on his face .
tr	O	I lunged at him to stop him , and I overestimated my new ability .
tr	I	He doesn 't press her about it , but there 's a look in her eye .
tr	O	I 've got a sweatshirt on and the hoodie pulled over my head .
tr	O	I didn 't know what it was about Channing , but something about him made me pause .
tr	I	There was really no getting around it at this point , but she hated the way he spoke to her .
tr	O	She was everything he hoped she 'd be , and he didn 't want to let her go .
tr	I	This time , he would bet it was real , and her somber air returned .
tr	O	Genevieve 's cheeks were red and she was listless .
tr	O	He treated her well , and he never hit his women .
tr	I	He now appreciated being part of a large group , but Nathan always considered himself more of a loner .
tr	I	None of them liked me , and I felt as if a bunch of people were watching me .
tr	O	Before this year is out your heart won 't beat and your blood will turn cold .
tr	I	She dreaded more what might happen if she didn 't , but she dreaded coming back .
tr	I	I followed Claudia as she checked out the room for our newest friend , and we squeezed past the students milling around the doors .
tr	O	The rats took a moment to regroup , and then he could hear them behind him .
tr	O	It was a primal rumble emitting from his throat and the lioness seemed to react to it fearfully .
tr	O	Nicholas has spent time with her , and she 'll be a hard sell .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure if she 'd come inside , but if she did , he wanted to be prepared .
tr	I	The sobbing died away and a few moments passed .
tr	I	They both glanced over to the right and a cry of frustration interrupted their conversation .
tr	I	Kissing her stupid from the sounds of it and grabbing our cousin .
tr	O	Its stock struck Shiga 's face with a noise like a nut cracking and she crumpled , overturning the cooking pot , scattering coals across the floor .
tr	I	I 'd survive it , but this summer might be boring .
tr	O	I get a paper cut and it momentarily stills the stirring inside me .
tr	O	He is not beside me , but I know that he is with me .
tr	I	I didn 't dare to look back to see how close Ash was , and the rest of us scrambled after him .
tr	I	The ecosystem they had set into motion was completely different than Terra 's , but they succeeded .
tr	I	She clutched him hard , and her breath grew ragged .
tr	I	He held some tender spot in his heart for her , as well , and surely she hadn 't misread him .
tr	O	More hushed voices , and then I heard nothing .
tr	O	The notion was sweet , but it did things to me that I didn 't quite understand .
tr	O	The crystal in her pocket was radiating a fierce chill , and her earrings burned .
tr	O	Julius could too , and he gave a nasty laugh .
tr	I	Slung his arm around my waist and walking over to him , I untucked his hand .
tr	I	He stopped trying to reach for the speaker button , and Chance 's eyes squeezed shut .
tr	I	I stay perfectly still , not sure what to do and he starts leaning closer to me .
tr	I	Her heart plummeted sickeningly , and Alex was horribly certain he was right .
tr	O	I 'd done my Houdini act , but I wasn 't about to wait around for the applause .
tr	I	Any kind of combat training is strictly off the table , but my grandma encourages us to find outlets for our hunger .
tr	I	I sort of felt that we were two of a kind and the other rabbits stayed away from him .
tr	O	I looked away as we approached the building and he held the door open for me .
tr	O	Her screaming mind told her it would stop her dead in her tracks , but she didn 't know where else to go .
tr	I	He couldn 't stand and Luther 's feet were numb .
tr	I	Hated to acknowledge now and holding her with a pity that she 'd never seen before .
tr	O	He grabbed my hands and pinned them on either side of my head , digging his h * ps into me again .
tr	I	The world darkened around me but I tried to say something .
tr	O	After ten minutes the lunch bell rang and I walked to my locker in a daze of confusion .
tr	O	Her wedding was coming up in a few more days and she was terrified .
tr	I	This dog thought she was a princess , but on another dog , it might have been ugly .
tr	I	She returned holding a stack of Polaroid photos , but Julia assumed it was to check on Mr. Landry again .
tr	I	She didn 't believe him for a minute , but Stefan claimed he didn 't know why Andrei had returned to the Fortress .
tr	I	All his books pointed to the fact Amber did die young , but Giles would have liked to offer reassurance .
tr	O	He thought of encouraging her , but as he watched her excruciating performance , he knew silence was best .
tr	O	The back of her shirt is sweaty from the battle the Garde just fought , but I don 't mind that at all .
tr	I	I looked at Katie , and Evan asked us .
tr	I	It didn 't stop the jealousy that sprang up out of nowhere , but being aware of the truth made it awkward to talk about Mark .
tr	I	He couldn 't stop his hands from moving underneath Asha 's soft , white cotton top , but Simon Brown tried to control himself .
tr	I	She leans in and soft footfalls approach .
tr	I	Maxie shook himself dry and they picked themselves up .
tr	I	The pain is more than I thought possible , and I drive my fingers in .
tr	I	Watching Voss , breathless from the expression on his face , she pulled some away , and Angelica felt the smooth leaves beneath her fingers .
tr	O	He nuzzled my neck and I rubbed the top of his head .
tr	O	Her eyes widened , and all the color drained from her face .
tr	O	Luna didn 't know which god had granted her a second chance , but it would be a shame to throw that gift away so soon .
tr	O	I missed her more than I 'd thought possible , and having Noah only made that worse .
tr	I	She wanted to include God in their fledgling romance and Hank could be a second chance at love .
tr	O	There was no mirror to indicate a hidden room with a one-way window , and there weren 't any cameras .
tr	I	I saw his upper lip twitch slightly , and his voice was cold .
tr	I	Her friend , Marie , wouldn 't stop talking , but jess hated to be that person in line with a cell phone stuck to her ear .
tr	O	She had a pretty successful career as a partner with a big-time law firm in Nashville , but our friendship was really about music .
tr	O	They would be each other 's firsts , after all , and they both seemed to realize how special the moment needed to be .
tr	O	He looked back at me and just his gaze was comforting .
tr	O	Like the Emperor Cleon I , he was thirty-two years old , but he was only 1.73 meters tall .
tr	O	He knew what she was up to , playing a one-upmanship end-game , and if nothing else , he was determined to get in the last word .
tr	O	He lowered it so that she could access it better and she scratched him behind the ears .
tr	I	The fact that James does too only confirms that they were close , and he loved it here .
tr	O	Revenge only ripened with time , and Damon was really quite difficult to control when he was raging .
tr	I	Her dad had spoken truth about the abundance of wild food along the trail , but Echo hadn 't brought much food along .
tr	O	I had lived with the thought of never seeing these things again , and here they were , saved from the untold horrors of the dump .
tr	I	She couldn 't just sit there any longer but she didn 't really want any more coffee .
tr	I	He found himself flying through the air and lights seemed to explode within the knight 's head .
tr	O	Some man sneaks towards us in the darkness , and you expect me to know who it is ?
tr	I	The melody that used to play every night had stopped since they found the carousel , and it was quiet .
tr	O	My eyes flew open , and I pushed back against rock-hard shoulders .
tr	O	The $ 50 was nice , but she had an uneasy feeling .
tr	I	We knew it and we were both helpless .
tr	I	What I saw horrified me , and I peered into the gloom below the hotel .
tr	I	Walter sighed , and Calliope remained silent .
tr	O	Rian picks up his pace and I strain to copy him .
tr	O	He pauses and I can hear Ethan in the background .
tr	I	I turn to it , and one page is dog-eared .
tr	O	she asked , and when his frown deepened like he meant to say no , she gave him a pleading look .
tr	O	He trusted that she 'd be back and his questions would be answered .
tr	I	She could at last draw in a deep breath , and instantly she was surrounded by his warm strength .
tr	I	Therefore , only ever read the greats and my father was not a great reader .
tr	O	Now that my brothers have gotten older they 've started copying my dad 's behavior and they sometimes say mean , hurtful things to me .
tr	I	I was barely aware of it and Chapter 19 Time moved on .
tr	O	Her blue eyes are friendlier than her greeting had been and I get a sense of playfulness in them .
tr	I	He couldn 't believe it , yet a part of Matthew knew where this was heading .
tr	I	He began to work on that , and I turned my back to him .
tr	O	A chill went down his spine , and Jenny smiled knowingly .
tr	I	He puts his head down before slinking along the lockers and as he moves , his eyes drop to the floor .
tr	O	The door opens and Andrew strolls in with Gabriel .
tr	I	I shivered and we stayed snuggling in the massive tub , until the water cooled too much for me .
tr	O	Usually , my sleeve covers it , but the way Cinna 's Mockingjay costume is designed , the sleeves stop just above the elbow .
tr	O	Some branches creaked from my weight , but nothing broke .
tr	O	Jill would have to get here , and she couldn 't do it alone .
tr	I	I can 't stop thinking about them and I know what 's under your shirt .
tr	O	Finan had lunged at his brother 's attacker , and together they had rolled from sight .
tr	I	I signaled for the line behind us to follow , and Henry took the lead .
tr	I	His eyes seemed to glow and his nostrils flared .
tr	I	I shouldn 't have to worry about any setbacks , and from what she tells me everything is going fine .
tr	I	Peter glanced up at them over the top of the car , and one of the troopers cleared his throat a bit too forcefully .
tr	I	A woman screams , and the lights flicker .
tr	I	I did notice something strange , but the room was still empty .
tr	I	Something was , but Adele was not sure what was different .
tr	I	Someone fell out of it with a tinkling sound , and he removed his hat .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop myself , but that should 've been enough .
tr	O	You need , angel , and I provide .
tr	O	All of her shots weren 't perfect , but the numbers of the pursuing mob started to dwindle nonetheless .
tr	I	Their year apart hadn 't changed her , and they 'd been married for five years .
tr	O	I 'm Angel Mancuso , and I 'm the owner .
tr	I	Yellow ammonia pooled around it , and this time it cracked .
tr	I	I know he feels the same and I love him with all my heart .
tr	I	Her eyes were closed , but she was still again .
tr	O	Abby yanked my sleeve toward her and the three of us girls huddled together .
tr	O	She called Luther , and no one answered .
tr	I	She realized where joking had turned serious immediately and the room grew silent .
tr	O	He 's planning something and it involves Caden dying .
tr	O	He opened her thighs , and then she screamed as he attacked her clit , sucking the bud into his mouth .
tr	O	Her pulse picked up , and her chest tightened .
tr	I	You two are so different , but you two resemble each other .
tr	I	Then he kicked off his fallen jeans , and Darren stepped on the heels of his shoes , freeing his feet .
tr	I	You could even feel them above-ground , and the trains made the platforms vibrate .
tr	I	I wanted to make sure that Noah got his as well and I had gotten my fairytale ending .
tr	O	I kept a lookout for more spiders , but they seemed to be gone .
tr	O	She looked swiftly around as if she expected some attack , and then her gaze finally fixed onto Maxi 's furious expression .
tr	I	None of the vampires accepted the invitation to address the fallen General , but the Princes opened the questioning to the floor .
tr	O	He smiled again , and those brown eyes threatened to swallow me whole .
tr	I	Something broke inside JC , and silence stretched between them .
tr	I	The mark was still there , but I didn 't know what was supposed to happen .
tr	O	This day is coming for all of them too , and once you 're free , you don 't look back .
tr	I	He sighed again and I breathed out in relief .
tr	I	He wrapped his arms around me , and I leaned back into him .
tr	I	You bought a condo for $ 200,000 and it 'd be different if I could get you $ 325,000 for your house .
tr	I	He came home to England and eventually my parents persuaded them to let him go .
tr	I	The animal wasn 't prepared to go quietly , but Cole took the bear down with a growl .
tr	O	She would be in good hands , and once she was home , she would be safe .
tr	O	Crews were assembled and the mission plan was laid out .
tr	O	She asked , and bent to pick it up .
tr	O	He had personal reasons for the campaign in the first place , and those reasons don 't seem to be as pressing any more .
tr	O	He hadn 't meant to pressure Rebecca so much , but the martyrdom shtick had set his temper off .
tr	I	Becky pulled the wagon to a halt and a train whistle sounded .
tr	O	Every few months there was a meeting to discuss community affairs , and although Sandy knew little about it he intended to go .
tr	I	At least they knew how to bake , but Raquel 's parents had let her down a lot .
tr	I	Then he smiled at her in a reassuring way , but at first Tasha was concerned .
tr	O	Kyle , however , looked slightly uncomfortable , and she knew he had reason to be .
tr	I	The laugh fades slowly into a smile that lingers , and she laughs again .
tr	O	His voice rolled over us , somehow amplified , and I was sure that all the Fae throughout the entire Bower could hear him .
tr	O	The professor is fine , and it was an accident .
tr	I	The entire class laughed , and he raised his eyebrows .
tr	I	She squeezes my hand tightly and my fingers slip around hers .
tr	O	She had a perfect straight nose , and full lips the color of strawberries .
tr	O	He 'd donated Ribbon Caye to us and it had become a way to provide a steady source of income as we rented it out regularly .
tr	O	He hugged her to his chest , and Rena heard his heart beating as wildly as her own .
tr	O	The idea seemed to give the old man some comfort but Andra did not appear at all interested in the odds .
tr	I	Cort stepped into view , dressed in a short singlet , and the voice came from the far end of the corridor .
tr	I	I never had the obsession of suicide and Chapter 29 I myself spent nine years in an insane asylum .
tr	O	His face contorted with frustration and he glared at her .
tr	O	There 'd been no more natural disasters , and Mount St. Helens seemed to have quieted .
tr	O	It was a troubling problem , but the answer was surprisingly simple .
tr	I	I 'll expect your call soon , but I 'll leave .
tr	I	He nodded , but I couldn 't quite hear what she said .
tr	I	It was cool for a few hours , gradually increasing in warmth as the noon hours approached , and the sun rose as morning arrived .
tr	I	She could see the future , and she hadn 't aged a day in several hundred years .
tr	I	None of them had even come close to making him feel like Fiona did , but he 'd been attracted to a few girls in high school .
tr	I	Yes , I do have someplace to go but it 's absolutely none of your business .
tr	O	They turned as one to leave , and that was the end of it .
tr	O	There are four of them and they have her house surrounded .
tr	O	He had seen the guns fired many times , aboard ship , but he did not recall perfectly just how it was managed .
tr	O	He tried to smile , but it was forced .
tr	O	His whole damn body was on fire , and he couldn 't seem to fight it .
tr	O	Ada started this fashion blog about six months ago and she 's actually been doing really well with it .
tr	I	She couldn 't help holding on as he used his mouth against her core and her hands were in his hair .
tr	O	My Nephilim blood should have healed me by now , but the stab was still fresh , casting a bluish hue .
tr	I	Footsteps walked down the hall and the front door banged shut .
tr	O	She wasn 't there as a tourist , and yet she was far from a native .
tr	O	His hands slide across my back , pulling me tighter , and he continues to hold me as the rain slows to a soft patter .
tr	I	It explained why she was shaking so much , but Janie had been too scared to notice .
tr	I	Half of these guys have barely begun to shave and the girls can 't be out of their teens .
tr	I	The Chance brothers wanted a repeat of the event , and interest in the Last Chance paints had increased exponentially .
tr	O	She had studied his file several times before she had flown out , and she knew he could be counted on should the situation get ugly .
tr	O	The Queen kept on shrieking , and several thousand mantis warriors were on the move , gathering up around her .
tr	O	I know you 've done your best to learn everything you can , but the magic at play here is something you still don 't understand .
tr	O	Jess stepped back and Jayden stepped closer .
tr	O	Patrick frowned at her , and she shook her head .
tr	I	They 're looking for me , and they 're looking for Juliette .
tr	I	Cupping her face in his hands , Gaius peered deep into her wide eyes , but her lips parted to scream .
tr	O	Okay , so I 'd almost sideswiped another car , but for my first time driving , I was doing pretty well .
tr	I	He knew it was not safe out there , but he missed the world beyond the graveyard gates .
tr	I	She barely noticed , but her head pounded .
tr	I	I let that go , but at first , I was almost impatient .
tr	O	Matt Baker hustled Dana into a waiting limousine , and they sped away .
tr	O	I 'm pretty sure he was on drugs , and I know he was packing a gun .
tr	O	She stared blankly back at him and he felt his chest tighten again .
tr	O	She takes my arm , and I flinch .
tr	O	This was her wedding day and she wouldn 't be rushed .
tr	I	It made Azalea laugh and she made the universal ' my lips are sealed ' sign .
tr	O	Any staff found doing so will be summarily dismissed and all earnings forfeited .
tr	I	If I kept trying , I might drive myself insane in the process , and there was no escaping it .
tr	O	I bent my knees a bit and as I jumped , I catapulted us towards the roof .
tr	I	It is patently absurd yet not one person has ever challenged me on it .
tr	I	At least he could move , but he 'd be covered in bruises for days .
tr	O	It sounded absurdly simple , but if he looked hard at the truth , that was the core of it .
tr	I	Turning saw two figures descending the path , and he heard a door slam behind him .
tr	O	None of the other students had ever been unfriendly , yet she always seemed to stand on the edges of the crowds .
tr	O	His mouth moved , but he spoke in a different language .
tr	O	They were armed and they are ready .
tr	O	He dressed quickly and then called his police department source regarding the rape case , mentally composing his story on the way to work .
tr	I	Beside him , in a high chair , was my brother Dorian and across from me was my father .
tr	O	The elevator stopped with a bounce and Marius pulled open the heavy door .
tr	O	I knew exactly what I was and even if I didn 't want to accept my future , I could at least accept my reality .
tr	I	My father was French and my mother was Cherokee .
tr	O	Here shelter from the wind was somewhat better , but more importantly there were more people about .
tr	I	She pointed to the bear and her smile was instant .
tr	O	Polaris was in the center , but the Black Dwarf just smiled .
tr	I	When he meets my gaze , I can see his sadness deepen and he shrugs .
tr	O	His warm hand curved around my waist and he pulled me closer .
tr	O	The sun struggled through the dark-blue drapes , and the room took on a somber tone .
tr	O	she asked , and Lydia nodded .
tr	I	Waited , and watched .
tr	I	Rachel 's thin clothing helped her not at all , and the shed did little to ward off the bitter cold of winter .
tr	O	Jean Pierre handed her another glass of champagne and she drained it , giving it back to him .
tr	I	Mostly , her parents wanted to calm her down , and she wasn 't making any sense .
tr	I	She too had come a long way from the girl she had been but I know it should be surprising that Maria would be at my wedding .
tr	O	He gasped when her hands slid lower , and she laughed out loud .
tr	I	Her dark hair tumbled down her back in a loose braid , and she was wearing a long flowing dress that looked like an Indian sari .
tr	I	I turned to face her with a weak smile , and we got into the car in silence .
tr	O	He had no respect for women whatsoever and he had just showed me his true colors .
tr	O	Jodie handed over the key and Charlie went to the elevator .
tr	I	Airplanes fell on it like flies on shit and the boat lurched out into the freezing current .
tr	O	He got up from behind his desk , and as he did so , one of his knees popped so loudly that I nearly took cover .
tr	O	It was Yuri 's look that dissipated Callum 's temper and once he relaxed , Sonia relaxed against him .
tr	I	A television crew came bursting in the office and while I briefly explained to them what had happened , the door flew open .
tr	I	She didn 't pick up , but he dialed Vicki 's cell as soon as he walked out of the bar .
tr	I	Damien grabbed my arm , and I took a step toward the forest .
tr	O	Just a few more yards , and we 'll see the fortress .
tr	I	The sound of their footsteps followed , and Sera shouted his name from behind .
tr	O	She had apartment envy and she had it bad .
tr	O	Everything between us was solid , not a figment of my imagination , and right now , he was very real .
tr	I	Being in a spotlight was extraordinarily uncomfortable , and she was a woman of the shadows .
tr	I	She looked up with a grudging sigh , and the sounds of their conversation finally appeared to break through the receptionist 's carefully maintained shield of indifference .
tr	I	The door opened and the knob turned again .
tr	O	It wasn 't a question , but I felt the need to respond .
tr	O	A few knocks later and we let ourselves in .
tr	I	It made her look that much scarier , and it was a very human posture .
tr	I	They heard the voices of more guests arriving , and Clare looked around the small , crowded room .
tr	O	It was impossible for my throat to make a sound , or at least it was impossible to hear over the roaring sound surrounding me .
tr	O	She knew my patterns , but I knew hers , too .
tr	I	Her teeth sank deep , and her will dissolved .
tr	O	Duke 's perfect eyebrows lower , and I 'm distracted by the notion that he must pluck them .
tr	I	We 've seen their technology , but we all shared a compelling vision .
tr	O	There was already an empty drink in his one hand , and the other was reaching for another glass from a passing attendant .
tr	I	I don 't want to talk about the rest but I 'm sorry .
tr	I	The many rehearsals in his head helped him greatly , but his moves were less confident with his eyes closed .
tr	O	James managed to push me aside a fraction of a second before Lux tackled him , and the pair of them hit the ground hard .
tr	O	Sienna responded and I smiled .
tr	I	She didn 't say so , but Jasmine believed the exact opposite .
tr	O	Millicent was listening from across the room , but she was addressing Tony Gibbs at the same time .
tr	O	Cold air blasted across my face from the air conditioner , and I welcomed it as Christopher widened the door to let me in .
tr	I	Rehearsal , where you learned the most , was not to be missed , but he believed you could catch up with everything else .
tr	I	The players jogged into the dugout , and the umpire called the out .
tr	O	The ceiling above me creaked and I knew Colette was up .
tr	O	Skye knew she wanted to talk about Dakota , but it didn 't feel like the right time .
tr	I	He felt large and I was tight .
tr	O	She was only two metres away from Dr Soames , but there was nothing to grab hold of on the wall .
tr	O	So far Chase hadn 't said anything , and I wanted it to continue that way .
tr	I	Sure enough , the stairwell is beyond it , and I find the second door on the right .
tr	I	It did - but considering everything else going on for me , high school social life shouldn 't scare me .
tr	O	Stephanie Wetzel lived in his neighborhood , and she had taken him home .
tr	I	I had to put my hand over my mouth to stop myself from gagging on the foul fumes , and the smells were getting worse .
tr	O	The gun fired in three round bursts to reduce recoil and Nina was grateful for it .
tr	I	His body tensed beautifully , every muscle contracting and he swallowed unevenly .
tr	I	I rubbed at my eyes for a moment before answering , and my tears had made everything blurry .
tr	O	He suspected they would never know the true answer , and at the moment they had a more important concern .
tr	I	Had always wanted a chauffeur which was a position my father filled unbeknownst to him and our mother was not really the driving type .
tr	O	He started to smile , and Hart relaxed .
tr	I	I know how she thinks , and we 've fought together before .
tr	O	he requested the paper and I handed it out to him .
tr	O	Maya was scared , terrified really , but she had to do it .
tr	O	I get a revelation at that moment , one that I didn 't see coming and I 'm not sure if I 'm ready to accept it .
tr	O	he asked , knowing his voice was rising but unable to shut up .
tr	I	She fed him her breasts for a long time , and her hands caught his head to hold him there .
tr	O	It took me millions of years , but you , you are a disgrace !
tr	I	Visibility was nearly unlimited , and it was a clear , sunny day , a calm sea .
tr	O	He 'd drunk about half his beer when the door opened and Dr. Chad Timmons entered .
tr	I	I guessed his weight at about 185 pounds , and he was about six feet two inches tall , well built .
tr	O	I 'm a lot more physically capable than most people , but that is too high of a jump even for me .
tr	O	It was an odd moaning sound , but it was calling for help .
tr	O	Loki didn 't answer , and maybe he couldn 't hear me .
tr	I	He remained concerned about Hale 's private talk with the traitor , but not unusual for the four captains to discuss things without him .
tr	I	It still seemed strange to me , but Diana said it was a hurricane .
tr	O	Meir had been alive and Malik had tortured him ?
tr	O	I tease the tip of her tongue and it flirts back a little with mine .
tr	I	I knew that was the problem and I hadn 't eaten yet .
tr	I	It wasn 't the same , but we 'd seen each other at work .
tr	I	For a moment , it was like she was watching something I couldn 't see , and her eyes widened a little .
tr	O	The Minion knew his mission objectives , and for security purposes , the email address would already be deactivated on the other end .
tr	I	Thorne Abbey suddenly loomed into view , and the car rattled over a stone bridge .
tr	I	She went on and he waited patiently .
tr	I	First they had to bleed to achieve it , but she believed that war would bring them glory .
tr	O	Out went all the lights again and complete darkness fell .
tr	O	I open my mouth but Janelle asks something again .
tr	O	She looked at his chest , wanting to have him completely against her skin but unable to find the small buttons to accomplish the task .
tr	O	Several more sprites wandered about their duties here taking a moment to bow to her as she passed , but she paid them no attention .
tr	O	I 'm weaving a spell for her , but she 's taking me under with her .
tr	I	Before Tammie knows it , they are in his bedroom , and he kisses her on her neck , then her lips .
tr	O	I had been invited to join them , but I 'd made an excuse that I was needed on the ship .
tr	I	After the events of this day it irritated me but normally such things wouldn 't bother me .
tr	I	It looked to me like Jacob had it even easier than I did , but Charlie was not a hard person to live with .
tr	I	The sneaky bastard anticipated my move , but Ethan was distracted , so I rushed him .
tr	I	He jerked his head around to stare at the HC and Garde 's eyes went hard .
tr	O	I gave her an out and I would totally understand if she took it .
tr	I	I would hate to see that happen to you , but I know you don 't know me that well .
tr	I	His brain turned into a static wasteland , and his limbs beat a maniacal rhythm on the table surface .
tr	O	He had no choice now but to bear his soul .
tr	I	Next time don 't push , but you need to know how to do the whole mind meld thing .
tr	I	He logged on and it fired up .
tr	I	It looked to be a large one , and she remarked to Neela she 'd heard nothing of the planning for this event .
tr	O	He 'd certainly not gotten to know McKay , but it was hard to think of him as just gone .
tr	I	I went in the house and she stepped aside .
tr	O	Footsteps sounded , and I opened my eyes , already smiling with anticipation .
tr	O	One she made me watch a year ago , and I fell in love with too .
tr	O	A bloodless hand flew through the air , but it wasn 't the tall man 's .
tr	I	That 's how brutal the scene was , but Ralph 's a tough guy .
tr	I	A pit began to form in my stomach and I glanced over at him .
tr	O	She had dreamed of this moment so many times , and she had resolved what to do if it came .
tr	I	I wondered what I 'd said that was so wrong , and the gryphon screeched his agreement .
tr	O	Her gaze flicked to the monitor behind him and he shut it off , keeping whatever had to be said between the two of them .
tr	O	I thought before she might be going there more often than just when we had our meetings , but she told me I was wrong .
tr	I	They would pull through , but they had been assaulted .
tr	I	He turned himself on her and her tears only served to enrage him further .
tr	I	Then he turned back toward Ari , releasing her body only to grab her hand , but Rafe sent an irritated look his best friend 's way .
tr	O	I had thought I would just hand the packages to you , but it would be better if you received them yourself .
tr	O	I took a step forward but he nudged me gently back .
tr	O	Oh , she 'd be comfortable enough with Buck , but that wasn 't the problem .
tr	O	I still couldn 't say anything without them hearing , but I could at least not look like an idiot staring off into space .
tr	O	Dee smiled , but it was off .
tr	O	Breaking off the relationship with Faith had been one of the biggest blunders of his adult life , and he 'd paid for it every day since .
tr	I	Ainsley looked at him in surprise , and the word burst out of Cameron .
tr	O	Now she can surmise where this conversation is headed , and we can call a truce .
tr	I	I guess it was the desperate need for a leader that led the group to look to me , but I 'm really not that brilliant .
tr	I	She made some slow moves towards the stairs and she counted to three .
tr	I	The two brothers headed off to offer what comfort they could to the grieving couple , and the men shook hands .
tr	I	They all cheered again and one warrior yelled .
tr	O	The door was closed and there was no apparent way of opening it from this side .
tr	I	The orchestra started up , and the lights dimmed .
tr	I	I wasn 't surprised to be hauled up moments later , but I started to crawl away only because I didn 't want to die without trying .
tr	I	She stared into the fire , and her eyes flew open .
tr	O	Ryan shrugged like it was nothing , but I could tell he was pleased .
tr	I	A tear trickled down her cheek and Susan nodded again .
tr	O	We don 't sight any demons and hope begins to grow .
tr	O	There are three intruders behind her , and I 'm behind them .
tr	I	I looked down and a soft groan rumbled in his throat .
tr	I	We have fought together , as one nation , and this autumn we have faced a mighty enemy .
tr	I	Mr. Skeeter jumped in with his soothing voice , and Tension sparked .
tr	I	I couldn 't get all the way up to the park entrance , but so I walked out State Street .
tr	I	Every time I caught a glimpse of him I started to panic , and I needed to be focused .
tr	O	She didn 't touch him , but she stayed by his side .
tr	O	I heard an electronic hum , and the gate opened .
tr	O	Those hypnotizing green eyes that made her stomach drop and her heart beat quickly .
tr	I	I would be left with an attachment that meant nothing ... And this would fade .
tr	O	The sand grains felt cool next to my fingertips , and I dug quickly .
tr	O	Now it 's mostly third and fourth class stuff she gets .
tr	O	he asked innocently , but I had a feeling that the wrong answer would leave me with an invitation that Mom wouldn 't let me refuse .
tr	O	They were the face she would show to the court , and she wanted to choose the right one .
tr	I	Maybe that had just been the storm , but the scent of unbridled energy was everywhere .
tr	I	Her breathing was labored , and the circles under eyes looked like bruises .
tr	I	The two shook , signaling their mutual agreement to terms , and Hawk took it .
tr	I	To have so many at once is bizarre , and True anomalies are rare .
tr	O	I felt around the bottom of the well for the chest , but there was only emptiness .
tr	I	She loved him , and he loved her .
tr	O	Ben picked up his pack and slung it over his shoulder .
tr	O	Duncan had agreed to act as Antonio 's best man and he looked quite handsome in his tux .
tr	I	I remembered seeing her earlier , and I remembered who Mookie was .
tr	I	Not lacking in desire , but the kiss was innocent .
tr	I	I blinked back sudden tears and my arms fel to my sides .
tr	O	Slowly the tension eased and Viv seemed to relax .
tr	I	I knew how deceiving looks could be , but he was beaming in the photo , giving him a proud , pleasant appearance .
tr	O	Julian looked back in the fresh memory of Sebastian and his assumption was confirmed .
tr	O	Women coveted him and men respected him .
tr	I	He served the spaghetti casserole and she handed it to him .
tr	O	Her mouth snapped closed and she shook her head .
tr	O	Yes , it was yesterday , but I felt it would do you all good to take a day off from work .
tr	I	She wasn 't there but he scanned the bedroom .
tr	O	Boxes upon boxes stood on long tables , and Eleanor started patiently looking through them .
tr	O	She repeated what it had said , and Matt realized he had begun to sweat .
tr	I	The image of her with Vane was way too much but Nick might have been to blame for most of this mess .
tr	I	He was gone , but without answering her , I looked around .
tr	O	I opened the door like normal and it shut behind me like normal .
tr	O	Russ says , and then he turns so quickly that his sparkly gold cape flies up into the air .
tr	I	A constant , invariable hiss comes from the speakers , and the static on the screen fills the room with a sickly blue light .
tr	O	I asked sharply and she blinked .
tr	O	I understand it all now , and you 'll always be with us , alive , loved , part of all of us .
tr	I	The baby wasn 't wholly formed yet , but Corinne could only benefit from the blood .
tr	I	Breathing is getting difficult and I have no strength left .
tr	I	He 'd never thought she 'd doubt their relationship , but she 'd told him all about how she 'd overreacted when Callie came into the picture .
tr	I	She couldn 't stop shivering with cold and the temperature in the room dropped significantly .
tr	O	I wasn 't looking for you , but then you came along , complaining about the laptop you purchased .
tr	O	His eyes became hooded and he looked as though he was ready to devour her .
tr	I	I can 't pull from his true-life nightmare , but I don 't want to see the rest .
tr	I	We all had our own sleeping accommodations and our flight would be forty-eight hours .
tr	I	I never got the chance to ask and I didn 't know which was stronger .
tr	I	Thankfully , they headed the opposite direction from me at a brisk pace , and I quickly moved out of their line of vision .
tr	O	Claire gets up to go try to comfort him but Alec puts his hand on her arm stopping her .
tr	I	She 'd wanted to comfort him , and she 'd actually felt his pain .
tr	O	I never met an aristocrat before and Lyons certainly tempered my initial judgment of them .
tr	O	Tarik might 've won , but he was badly wounded .
tr	I	He jerked his head slightly to let me know I was free to pass , and his flickered briefly as he recognized me .
tr	O	They hate each other , but they all know that you 're the common enemy .
tr	O	It ´ s Danica and she ´ s alive .
tr	I	There were no lights on in the neighbors ' house , but the fence rattled so loudly that Clary glanced around nervously .
tr	I	She gave herself up to the support of the hands crushing her arms , and faced with this earnest plea , the rigidity drained from her shoulders .
tr	O	I had about an hour before training would begin , and there was no way I could wait any longer .
tr	I	She blinked , and the text message blurred .
tr	I	I realize I 'm being pushed farther away from the group and it 's not happening .
tr	O	The receptionist asked if she could help me , and I told her I was here for Ellery .
tr	I	All I could see were his eyes , and his face was very close to mine .
tr	O	Mighty pillars lined the walls , rising about eighty feet to the ceiling above , and the floor was covered with grey slate .
tr	O	You may not have noticed it but we have .
tr	I	The change in her temperament would frighten me , and there were occasions when she would drink herself drunk .
tr	O	Holding her would be preferable , but at the moment it was impossible .
tr	I	Altair stood , and ' Mon Dieu , ' sighed the guard , as he died .
tr	O	It 's disconcerting , but it 's true .
tr	O	I wanted so badly right then to tell him that I loved him , but the words wouldn 't form past the lump in my throat .
tr	I	We made small talk and I invited her into the room with me .
tr	I	Your broker comes away from it with a big , fat envelope , but he doesn 't want to get any closer to get a good look .
tr	O	The world was spinning way too fast , and I couldn 't get a grip .
tr	I	I didn 't want to give him a reason gas me , and the MP seemed jumpy .
tr	I	She 'd nursed that hurt for years and he 'd hurt her in the past .
tr	I	It 's close enough , but it 's not exactly a park .
tr	I	The look on her face said it was too late for that , but her hands were bloody as if she 'd tried to stop the wound .
tr	O	It settled into early evening , and Daniel was bored .
tr	O	You 've got six weeks to study for it and we assist in every way possible .
tr	O	He was very surprised to see me and I stepped into his cabin without invitation .
tr	O	She gasped , and I knew what she was thinking .
tr	O	It was four in the morning , and I looked up at Tristan , shoving the device back into my pocket .
tr	I	He was counting on that fact to keep himself alive , and now I realized that Lucas had understood , too .
tr	O	He thrust hard and she was filled by his warmth .
tr	I	He didn 't want them falling into the hands of strangers who could put them to ill-conceived purposes and none of his inventions were patented .
tr	O	I growled , and his gaze reluctantly returned to me .
tr	I	She ducked next to the sink , and something flashed by the kitchen window .
tr	I	I didn 't care but we kind of looked like the devil with heavenly host groupies .
tr	O	She 's adorable , and her enthusiasm is infectious .
tr	O	Kirby yelled , gasping laughs still , but they had turned away from him .
tr	O	The window had a hole punched through the middle of it , and the window glass was glittering across the floor .
tr	O	The cab rolled right in and we were closing the doors before the driver realized cops were holding the horses .
tr	O	He tried to gain control , but the clouds kept pummelling him .
tr	O	He could lay out every detail of each preternatural faction and it wouldn 't make any difference .
tr	O	The door had been ajar , but I hadn 't realized he had spotted me .
tr	O	Lexi nodded , but as she looked at the rows of folding chairs set up on the green football field , she felt sick to her stomach .
tr	O	Standard stuff , but it looked flat on the page , giving no hint of what she was really like .
tr	O	His parents asked him what was wrong and he asked them to take him away from the monster .
tr	O	A bus rolled into view and Shana instantly went on alert .
tr	O	His revenge was complete and his evil soul was content .
tr	I	Gretchen noticed that he 'd lost his authoritative pose , and fifteen minutes later , Detective Albright entered the room .
tr	I	Then I spotted a flash of white hair , and a flickering candelabra sat on a wooden table .
tr	I	Her head was spinning , but she tried to make out anything in the dark .
tr	I	At least I 'm alive , but I may be a runaway .
tr	I	There was nothing she could do to stop it and her world was being shaken upside down .
tr	I	I took a step back , shocked , and a rush of calm washed over me .
tr	I	I clicked to enlarge the photo and the face at the end caught my eye .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure who he was , but I knew that I recognized his voice .
tr	I	It came out a breathless moan , but she 'd meant it as a reprimand .
tr	O	She barely saw him in her peripheral vision , but he filled her senses .
tr	I	Only her fingerprints would 've been in it , and her car was hidden across the road .
tr	I	The hills are green -- ain 't gon na burn and it 's been raining .
tr	I	A bigger part was running toward Rhys , but part of me was running from Mase .
tr	I	He despised them and it was a slap in his face .
tr	O	Being sober had its advantage on an intellectual level but at one point , everyone else got so stupid it was just annoying .
tr	O	It can get damn cold at night , and the weather 's changing .
tr	O	I met her son , too , and he 's great .
tr	O	I 'm not hiding anymore and I 'm ready to face the world .
tr	I	I caught her hidden message , and she waited expectantly .
tr	O	Traffic was a little chaotic getting out of the Fenway area , but neither one was in any rush for the night to end .
tr	O	Jessie called several times , but it was mostly so that I could talk to Jacob .
tr	O	I get knocked over by them and I watch the fight from my place on the ground .
tr	I	We stopped for a Starbuck 's and I picked him up about nine .
tr	O	When it comes to Robin his eyes sparkle with mischief and he smirks .
tr	I	That would only last so long , but currently , they 'd be blind .
tr	I	I still had to ask , but the seriousness in her eyes told me all I needed to know .
tr	I	He was violently aroused , totally at her mercy and she had him in her power .
tr	I	She couldn 't make herself stop , but she hated it when she cried .
tr	I	I didn 't have a comeback , but I opened my mouth .
tr	O	All of her attitude dissolved when she left , and she was wondering what the hell had happened .
tr	I	His voice was light-hearted and his eyes were warm .
tr	I	The fire covered everything for as far as we could see and the forest on the far side was completely engulfed in smoke .
tr	O	The condom didn 't do him any justice , but the sight alone made her ache .
tr	O	When it came back down , the ground rumbled beneath them , but it did not slow its assault .
tr	I	I brace myself , and his c * ck is so hard that it actually hurts to have it shoved against me like that .
tr	O	The briefcases were gone , and they were walking to the back of an old blue hatchback .
tr	O	I long for exclamation marks , but I 'm drowning in ellipses .
tr	O	He looked up and his eyes flashed .
tr	I	There may be some tide pools exposed , and we seem to be nearing low tide .
tr	O	She tugged on her hand , but he wasn 't letting go .
tr	I	I with them , and they could be honest with me .
tr	O	He needed me , and part of me craved that feeling .
tr	O	He gave me a long hard look , and I did my best to match it .
tr	O	You will retain your duties as a goddess , and you will retain a place on the council .
tr	I	He felt a little dizzy and his mouth tingled .
tr	O	He knew the way , but it had been a long time .
tr	O	Her blond locks fell around her perfect face and I looked deep into her misty green eyes .
tr	I	They soon had a plan which seemed to them most amusing , and goblins are not afraid of fire .
tr	O	I ignored my legal counsel when they suggested a restraining order , and then she released the Kraken ... her legion of bloodthirsty fans .
tr	I	She replied with a guttural growl , and I pulled the cage door open .
tr	I	When his tongue grazes my lower lip , my entire body responds , and Harlin rests his hand on the back of my neck .
tr	O	I looked at Nate to see how that news sat with him , but his game face was on , revealing nothing .
tr	I	He had the motivation , and he had the know-how .
tr	O	It would last much longer than what I 'd cast in re-education , and now I could look people in the eye .
tr	O	He 'd tried the Internet but that hadn 't worked out .
tr	O	You pull out of this deal and he could just charge you .
tr	O	She liked it , maybe too much , but she didn 't want him to stop .
tr	O	No one would know , and I would get the clients to pay you for having them .
tr	O	She closed her eyes , and he could sense her hurting .
tr	I	Henrietta turned to see that the pedestrian light was finally flashing green , and there was a beeping from behind her .
tr	I	He was supposed to be there for people who needed him , and she couldn 't even bring herself to talk to the sheriff .
tr	I	The massacre continues , but she begs for the director to stop .
tr	I	A strange figure rose into view from behind the battlements , and the tower shook .
tr	I	It was slower now , as if she was too weary to handle more , but he could feel her drawing more power from him .
tr	O	The Lycans had set up around him and the guards were on those outer boundaries .
tr	O	Mia 's skin was flushed , and her eyes remained slightly unfocused .
tr	I	The Senior Wrangler tried to get under the same table and there was a crash as the Chair of Indefinite Studies .
tr	I	You 'll be fine and keep things strictly superficial .
tr	O	His shoulders tensed and he turned his head to glare at her .
tr	I	He knew it was useless , but he broke into a run .
tr	O	A bottle of whiskey was at his elbow , and the glass next to it was half empty .
tr	O	You brought in an outsider to assassinate your own aunt , and you 've permitted him to soil your crest .
tr	I	His sneer told them as much , and he turned to Lassiter 's sailors .
tr	I	That would be it and I thought she 'd see me with Ric .
tr	I	Varying ages , seemingly starting around eight years , followed by the local official and Next came a line of kids of both sexes .
tr	O	I feel strong now , but what will happen when I touch that power ?
tr	I	You don 't need to think about being serious , and you 're sixteen .
tr	I	She had iron gray hair , and she was in her sixties .
tr	I	Most of the class snickered , and someone said in the back .
tr	I	His hair wanted cutting , and his clothes looked crumpled , as if he had slept in them .
tr	I	It felt like he was walking on concrete road , but he thought his feet would slip .
tr	O	She thought she saw a glimmer of respect cross his hard features , but she couldn 't be sure .
tr	I	Emilie was excited at the opportunity to visit her friend , and Reginald had been forced to make an appearance at court .
tr	O	I was playing the brat , and the brat would not smile .
tr	O	I went back down to the torture chamber but I was too late .
tr	I	I had a feeling that we were about to have a battle of wills and his brows were furrowed together .
tr	O	The tears immediately started falling and she turned her face around so he couldn 't see them .
tr	O	I tried to keep up with her but my little legs were not quick enough .
tr	O	The central shell separated , yet there was nothing inside .
tr	I	My eyes darted up to his face and Blake 's voice changed .
tr	O	The look on McKenzie 's face told Jewell that the woman might have actually done that , but the least Jewell knew the better .
tr	I	My mind responds , contemplating the scenarios to occur and Kylie explains .
tr	O	Her legs tighten around my waist and she grabs at my lower back , taking me in one easy swoop .
tr	I	She felt his concern for her , and he frowned as he spoke .
tr	I	I haven 't seen them since and I hadn 't seen them before .
tr	I	Together they tucked the baby into Melody 's patchwork one and Bay carefully pulled away the hospital blanket .
tr	O	My hands tingled and my thoughts jumbled .
tr	I	I drew his blood and while Mom was on the phone , I pretended to be a nurse .
tr	I	I 'm sure that I can 't just keep moving , but I don 't know if it 'll make me happy .
tr	O	I graduated , and Continental picked me up .
tr	O	He looked all round him , and I became very afraid because I felt sure he was looking for that mirror of his .
tr	I	I know what I want , who I want , but I feel horrible for making him feel like this .
tr	O	Grace had already stopped believing it , and it was a good thing since she had never heard from him again .
tr	O	You lock yourself up with whoever , and she shackles herself to me .
tr	O	A muscle in his jaw twitched , but he remained jovial .
tr	O	The sound hits him and I see that immediately .
tr	I	A matching men 's pair of them came into view and I was still staring at them as the door opened .
tr	I	I felt my spine give way , destroyed , as it bashed against the trunk , and he threw me into a tree .
tr	O	Her gaze locked on the sky as the cold around her increased and the clouds began to form shapes .
tr	O	My head swam , and the words came out without a filter .
tr	I	Things were a bit too spooky for me at the Sierra , but I 'm not superstitious .
tr	I	He 's good at it , and he does PR , mostly black PR against any of the governor 's enemies .
tr	O	Maybe the plane 's engines wouldn 't carry into the valley , or it had altered its flight path .
tr	I	I can already feel the extreme temperatures outside and there is an opening in the Locust 4 .
tr	I	He had only one chance to tap into the lucrative U.S. market for textile machinery , and he was mortgaged up to his neck .
tr	O	All it took was one twitch on Sean 's face , and Lina roared at the others to get away from him .
tr	I	He still had to squint whenever he glanced that way but they had pulled down half of the blinds to reduce the glare .
tr	O	His tongue glided over her lips , and she moaned at the smallest contact .
tr	I	I 'd been pretty chunky at eighteen when I climbed on that Greyhound bus , but I still needed to lose a few pounds .
tr	I	It 's a sight to see and I look around the kitchen .
tr	I	Four of them are dead and in my dream I hear that many of our men are injured .
tr	O	He didn 't turn but I saw him shake his head in that way men do when they think women are entirely too ridiculous for words .
tr	I	I laughed punching playfully at him and his eyes bugged at me .
tr	I	I thought I 'd have a quick drink , and she came in while I was waiting .
tr	O	Chapter 6 The adrenaline wore off , and I dozed off , managing to sleep the rest of the afternoon .
tr	O	I 'd opened the door a crack , and he was intent on barging in .
tr	O	Part of her wanted to ask how Rachel had acquired the cash , but another part of her felt it was better not knowing .
tr	O	Sighing , she slipped her key in the door , but the knob turned easily already .
tr	O	Times Square sent its glow into the air , blocks before it actually began , and I walked heavily into the light .
tr	I	They were in the company of a man that he had never seen before , and Ali saw his father was with them .
tr	O	There was a sidewalk cafe , and Kat stopped .
tr	I	Worse , they said , and those Shifters could kill livestock .
tr	O	I felt a sudden an unexpected rush of emotion , but I honestly wasn 't sure what I was feeling .
tr	I	The details had not faded from his memory , but they had become less frequent .
tr	O	Dahlia started to open the car door , but he caught her hand , preventing movement .
tr	O	I wanted to fix it , but I knew I couldn 't .
tr	I	He used his hands to pull her into the movement , and his c * ck rubbed its hard length over her sex .
tr	O	Her eyes widened and her tongue peeked out from between her luscious lips .
tr	O	I don 't know what she was trying to determine but the sense of déjà vu was surreal .
tr	I	My heart about stopped , and she blew out her candle .
tr	I	The stars blurred upon her tears , mixing with the lights of the city below , and she could only weep .
tr	I	The lad was a man , and a decade had gone by .
tr	O	I was his muse , and I was here .
tr	O	The rabbit always squeals in the jaws of the fox , but when has another rabbit ever rushed up to save it ?
tr	O	She was Jupiter 's girlfriend now , but she 'd been Aria 's friend first .
tr	O	The book was about three quarters used and the last entry was two months old .
tr	O	No sunlight reached this deep place , and the stones in the walls glowed dimly , leaving much of the room in shadow .
tr	I	Through those stars I noticed Vincent 's eyes burned with an unnatural light , but I saw stars .
tr	O	I was glad to see Ramirez and I was particularly pleased he was going on patrol with us .
tr	I	I knew I 'd have to deal with my parents before I could even think about actually going to sleep , and my head was pounding .
tr	O	If March were here , he 'd help anchor me , but Hit lacks his Psi ability , which means I 'm on my own .
tr	I	He noticed it felt like a piece of paper was inside the cover and he ran his finger over the slit .
tr	O	It was a ridiculously cold night , but Sara never felt a single goose bump on her skin .
tr	O	It took him a moment , but he found their home down there in the dark .
tr	I	He was wearing it to honor his ' father ' and one being that it was given to him by Lord Aeros .
tr	I	A layer of sadness laced with tension , filled the room , and the other women in the room seemed to remember that dreaded word as well .
tr	O	I want to scream , but I can 't afford to freak .
tr	O	His apartment looked like a showplace , and the nervousness in her stomach grew .
tr	O	We have another ultrasound tomorrow , and I dread it .
tr	I	I longed to feel him again , and he broke away from my embrace .
tr	I	He sank to the steps , and the sight of it breaking into pieces sobered him .
tr	I	He stopped me , but I tried to move away from Aaron .
tr	O	Too much going on and he was stuck in this goddamn chair .
tr	O	He didn 't accept the challenge and I wasn 't inclined to give chase through a dark , cluttered alley .
tr	O	The door to the office opened and Watson entered the room .
tr	I	He fell to his side , and the chair 's legs buckled .
tr	O	His fingers flexed against her kneecaps , and his shaft pulsed in her hands .
tr	I	I have often wished I could die , and he has made my life a misery .
tr	O	I don 't want you to strain , but I need to know .
tr	O	I head around the next bend , and all of a sudden , the familiar sign comes into view .
tr	I	I stood silent , clutching to Andrew for dear life , but her mocking tone infuriated me .
tr	I	Simon caught her cry with his lips , and Helen broke over the melting point a second time .
tr	I	The grief that came with it was unmistakeable , but the scene played out in my head , probably pictured all wrong .
tr	I	You help each other so readily and I actually like it here , more , because you 're all so focused on one enemy .
tr	I	It was his own fault , but a shame he was dead .
tr	O	I have rental insurance , but to do all that ?
tr	O	The dance ended , but they didn 't leave the floor .
tr	O	I guessed my face was pretty messed up , but I hadn 't real y looked at it .
tr	I	I realize that she categorized everything and finding her book , I flip through the recipes , my fingers glide over her elegant writing .
tr	I	The almost plastic looking exterior she sported didn 't help , but I couldn 't think of anything specific that would give me that feeling .
tr	O	His hands were hot against my cool skin and even though it felt so good It was also all wrong .
tr	I	I moved , and he lunged .
tr	O	I looked down , and my heart stopped .
tr	I	I was there for her when her ex broke hers , and she was there for me when Jason broke my heart .
tr	I	Rory felt a strand of warmth weave up her arm , and Hope took her hand again .
tr	O	I was under his tantric spell and it was intensifying by the second .
tr	I	He held back , but her lips were parted , making his mouth water for a kiss .
tr	O	Around the table heads bowed and the father continued .
tr	I	I pulled him closer to my face and my hands smoothed over his muscular ass .
tr	O	He stepped out , dripping , and put on a silk dressing gown embroidered on the back with the picture of a peacock .
tr	O	He brought home wine , and he 's making dinner ?
tr	O	The chuckle was full of indulgence , and it was an acknowledgement of a strange bond I hadn 't known existed between the two of them .
tr	O	She handed him her cuff key , and he unlocked hers .
tr	I	She was trying to regain her composure and I 'd left her breathless .
tr	I	I watched her wipe the blood from her face with her arm , and the gash on my palm closed however .
tr	O	His heart sunk and his eyes fell to the floor .
tr	I	Then he nodded , and little blue eyes blinked .
tr	I	The three men stumbled past him , leaving the gates of the fort wide open , and Richard Tyler pointed down the hill .
tr	O	The physical therapist was amazed at his near miraculous recovery and he lied through his teeth to the shrink .
tr	O	His shaggy hair is damp and he 's wearing aviator sunglasses .
tr	I	It was definitely a voice , but it was hard to distinguish .
tr	O	The cigarette helped conceal the odor of the rotted carcass and the actions helped him change focus for a moment while he gathered his thoughts .
tr	O	His head was swimming with exhaustion but he willed himself to keep awake .
tr	I	She didn 't need this , too , and she had enough crap on her plate .
tr	O	By the time she pulled the door open she was practically grinning but in an instant her smile vanished .
tr	I	I don 't see that changing , unless you don 't feel the same as I do and I like having you here ?
tr	O	She was living , and Latham had finally gotten just what he deserved .
tr	I	As long as they 're secure I 'm happy , but they 'll stick out over the edges .
tr	O	I knew all about attorney-client privilege , and I knew he would say nothing to anyone in town .
tr	I	He swept her into his arms in a familial hug , and Brynn stepped forward to kiss him on both cheeks in the traditional greeting .
tr	O	He took a deep breath before he continued , and he looked at Angus through narrowed eyes .
tr	O	Delphine was fast , but he was quicker .
tr	I	She didn 't want to lead Connie but something was stirring in Grace 's memory .
tr	I	I slammed him against the wall , but he tried to take a step forward .
tr	O	I stood on the hilltop in the moonlight and I tried not to see this paradise .
tr	O	We never knew what her name truly was , but in another life I would have called her friend .
tr	I	He felt goose bumps on his arms that he couldn 't associate with the cold , but Budda wasn 't sure what the man meant .
tr	I	He shot her a relieved grin , and his muscles relaxed .
tr	I	An almost complete darkness greeted her and a hot wind slammed into her .
tr	O	He wants to be , but he isn 't .
tr	O	She stepped into the room , and all eves turned toward her .
tr	I	Making Tyler feel important would be huge , but the media gain from this would be small without pictures .
tr	O	For a change she was in her office and he was put through .
tr	O	The argument with my mother wasn 't over , but I was damn sure that she wasn 't going to come in between us .
tr	I	He pulled back again and I gave him a crossed eyed look .
tr	O	I burst into laughter , and he peeked at me through his spread fingers .
tr	O	Her feet started to sink and his hands closed around her toes , his thumbs massaging the arches .
tr	O	Her answer was a little less frosty than her previous statement and I decided that now would be a good time to move things on .
tr	O	She gave one last fight , clawing at his hands around her throat , his forearms , anything , but he didn 't even flinch .
tr	O	The cushion under me shifted even more , and I felt Blake 's fingers brushing my hair aside .
tr	I	One of them bright yellow and three of them were black .
tr	O	My muscles still weren 't responding very well , though , and I was only able to raise myself a little bit .
tr	I	I haven 't read them yet , but my attorney saved clippings .
tr	I	There was nothing private about it but the Academy was a private school for mages .
tr	O	He smiled at Davi , and his face brightened .
tr	I	That was all that mattered at the moment and she was here with me .
tr	I	Her fingers were clenched instead of restless and when I opened them she was looking at me .
tr	O	Verity was feeling quite cold as she removed her parka , and the chill was not a result of the villa 's lousy heating system .
tr	O	Ginny 's visits were short and it was agony for her to leave .
tr	O	The fight had gone out of me and I was willing to accept my fate .
tr	O	She had come prepared to fight Lycans and she knew every weapon she would need .
tr	I	He was clearly miserable , but I should be angry with him , too .
tr	I	Amber didn 't need to know that , but Sam fell in love with the curse .
tr	O	Her words caused everything inside me to grow still , and for the first time in many days , a small bit of the despair lifted .
tr	O	His hands were locked around Olivia , and he was holding her as tightly as he could .
tr	I	Then neither spoke again , and the two of them looked at each other , more silent messages passing .
tr	I	There was fire in her eyes and she stalked towards him .
tr	O	That gave him some degree of hope , but he wasn 't foolish enough to grasp it .
tr	I	I was all about making sure kids were taken care of , and chances were there were young mouths that needed fed involved .
tr	O	I couldn 't read the writing , but I knew it was a children 's drink .
tr	I	There was a mine ride called the Pit in its place , and the old train ride roller coaster was gone .
tr	O	She landed against Damen 's hard body and Mairi found herself looking up at him .
tr	I	She couldn 't pull her eyes from Luke , but she knew she needed to deal with Lily .
tr	I	I assured him that that wasn 't it , but he worried aloud a few times that I was in pain .
tr	I	She lost all sense of direction and Millicent 's guide turned her round .
tr	I	He needed a mother for his son , and she 'd confessed to wanting to become a mother .
tr	I	Two of the waffles flew off , and I grabbed it , to lower it to the cooker .
tr	O	I 'd like to be more exact , but I can 't .
tr	I	They could still narrow with the same degree of accusation as they had before , but the turquoise color of his eyes had changed .
tr	I	Much wine had passed their lips and his friends laughed drunkenly , for the night was far gone .
tr	I	I needed to sell my truck and blaire I needed my things .
tr	O	I then brought it back to Daniel and he took it from me .
tr	O	Lady Margaret pointed to the real dangers of the lists but I would have none of it .
tr	I	She had to sulk all the same , but he was right , of course .
tr	I	He asked her to join him on Saturday and they talked for an hour about their interests .
tr	O	It was urgent , and within minutes he was in a conference room with technicians who were working quickly to prepare the audio .
tr	O	He gave me none and I assumed the situation to be under control .
tr	I	From this crack came the rumbling sounds , and running across the cave was a deep crack .
tr	I	I begin to understand -- and then Grandfather speaks .
tr	I	Nobody was going to get in the way of that , and she was out with the guy she had a crush on .
tr	O	She scanned the room for Emily , but she still didn 't see her .
tr	I	He suited her secret desire perfectly , but the pirate would not be to any father 's taste .
tr	I	The girl confirmed those suspicions , and you were suspicious .
tr	I	Jeff asked the deputy to finish making the rounds , and they entered the office .
tr	O	He 'd actually come to enjoy the game , and the course inside his gated community was spectacular .
tr	O	She was the first to see them coming , and she ran to make sure Sage was all right .
tr	I	She could find no trace of him , but Savannah searched her room .
tr	I	There was no way that he was going to change now , after all why should he and he had always liked female company .
tr	O	He had very little time and yet time seemed to slow .
tr	I	I couldn 't see either of them , and the two women who raised me were in two totally different worlds .
tr	I	Looking over at the other side of the square , and they were at its foot now .
tr	O	He led me down a few steps onto a lower level , where it was somehow even darker , and the bodies were pressed tighter together .
tr	O	The hatch slammed open and Yuri Brood sailed through .
tr	O	Louie was pale , and sweat had broken out on his forehead .
tr	I	Now we 're back in business , but you 've had an easy ride .
tr	O	I stared at Marshall as his head was in the sand and bits of water were splashing up .
tr	O	The thought made me grit my teeth , but he was right .
tr	O	Byron knew when someone was scared - and though McKenzie was obviously irritated , she was also afraid .
tr	I	She nodded , and her pupils flared briefly .
tr	O	I noticed the cabinet was open in the corner of the kitchen and all four rifles were there .
tr	I	She 'd had an interesting conversation but she still felt lousy .
tr	O	shouted one of the onlookers , and a resounding cheer echoed him .
tr	O	Her hair was jammed up in some sort of elaborate design , and she wore a ton of makeup .
tr	O	His next words were inches away from me , and the cold breath from them stroked my cheek .
tr	I	It was too late , but he covered it with his hand .
tr	O	she called , but the dog didn 't seem to hear .
tr	I	Horace changed partners , and McDougal started laughing .
tr	O	Her eyes wanted to close against the smoke but Haven forced them to stay open as she watched the raging fire .
tr	I	She 'd get over it , and everyone told me it was just a cold .
tr	O	I see dark shapes moving closer to Michigan Avenue , but they disappear behind the row of buildings without stopping .
tr	I	We both know you do not want earth destroyed , but you have made bad choices .
tr	O	She 'll try to give her children orders , but they won 't be able to hear her .
tr	O	Lane 's tone had been light , but Freda found herself feeling very tense .
tr	O	Ever since he 'd moved next door he 'd been annoying the heck out of her and now it would have to stop .
tr	O	He lost her when he was young and he had wanted her back ever since .
tr	I	I had enough I could wing it , but they were going to love that I didn 't have all the details .
tr	O	The display flickered again briefly when Katherine moved her fingers to make way for mine , but I was able to pull the image back .
tr	O	I called out and he didn 't stop .
tr	I	He couldn 't be sure , but that was what it looked like .
tr	O	He answered it , but I only heard mumbling with a nodding of the head .
tr	O	He was enjoying every minute , but if he didn 't come inside her , he was going to damn well explode .
tr	O	The disturbed areas appeared to be slowly healing , but she was pretty sure she could speed up the process .
tr	O	He went running up the steps toward his room and I could hear his drawers opening to his dresser .
tr	I	It was useless , as my world went dark , but I struggled to hold on to the here now .
tr	O	He tried to fall back on that , but Mack kept him honest .
tr	O	Julie felt panic clawing at her again , and she forced it away .
tr	I	I don 't , but I should have told him the truth about why I wasn 't feeling well .
tr	O	They weren 't quite the smell of the shepherding hut , but they were close enough to it to bring tears to her eyes .
tr	I	Her hand hits her chest and Nancy Callahan 's jaw drops .
tr	O	Something cold made its way around my weak wrists and again I heard the creaking noise .
tr	O	Seth rolled his eyes , but he turned to me .
tr	O	His head stung and he suddenly wished he 'd planned this out more .
tr	O	Maren rolled her eyes , but Dr. Martine held up a hand .
tr	I	His chuckle caused me to shudder , and he said .
tr	O	She wasn 't dressed for swimming , but for once Abbey didn 't care .
tr	I	A few bipeds lay splattered among the rocks further down the slope , and the bowties had all been released .
tr	I	She clung to it and that detail was all she had left .
tr	O	He 's a senior in high school , and I try to keep tabs on him .
tr	O	She was just along for the ride , and even though seeing the glittery pinball machine-like environment of Japan , it didn 't feel like home .
tr	O	She avoided eye contact with me and I watched the lines around her eyes .
tr	O	I only had cousins and they weren 't close .
tr	I	I sure didn 't protect him either , but I didn 't pull the trigger .
tr	O	Henry had done it once , and even though he 'd said he couldn 't do it again , maybe he 'd tried .
tr	O	Most folk in the village played some silly game with strangers on occasion , but she couldn 't be bothered .
tr	O	I 'm not , until someone comes by and I wave them down .
tr	O	Her deep golden hair was up in a bun , and she didn 't wear a single glimmer of jewelry .
tr	I	Then she kicked me in the face , and Nance asked softly .
tr	I	I clutched at Asher 's hand , and men in dark uniforms swarmed the building .
tr	I	Everything is already arranged and it 's a done deal .
tr	O	I try to reach Flynn , but I find my way blocked by a dark haired woman .
tr	O	Insurance would replace the vehicle but nothing could ever replace their child .
tr	O	They called an ambulance and she arrived here .
tr	I	Then his breath falters , and he pauses , deliberating .
tr	O	She might say those men were the scourge of the earth , but in truth , she was happy for Juliette .
tr	O	Her hands were clasped in front of her , and her eyes were worried .
tr	I	He couldn 't without giving himself away , but he 'd wanted to do more than steal from them .
tr	O	There 's an intense day of shopping ahead and we need to look the part .
tr	O	You spare me that end , and I thank you , again .
tr	O	The wooden slats were cracked from moisture and he bent to smell the sloshing water .
tr	I	I 'm probably in her way , and her locker 's next to mine .
tr	O	I glared at her , but she just shrugged .
tr	O	His voice was firm , yet it lacked harshness .
tr	I	I buried my head against her shoulder and my right arm went round her waist .
tr	I	Cain knew what he 'd really been like , but maybe everyone else thought he was a saint .
tr	O	He was pulled out of the chair onto his feet , and his hands were tied behind him .
tr	O	His eyes are so panicked that it puts me more on edge and I didn 't think by now that could even be possible .
tr	I	It was the hospital , and my phone rang then .
tr	O	My stomach growls loudly and I blush .
tr	I	My Uncle Louis , Louis Beaumont , frequently travels all around the world , but we rarely travel anymore .
tr	O	He reached for the present , and she let him take it .
tr	I	She 's toying with her French fries , blushing as red as her bathing suit , and he 's talking earnestly .
tr	I	You get my drift , but okay , so maybe those last few weren 't exactly relevant .
tr	I	It worked , but it hurt .
tr	I	It is low , and only the score appears .
tr	O	The car glided forward into the city traffic , and I leaned my head against the cold glass .
tr	I	She wasn 't taking any chances with humiliating herself further , but her insides hurt , more from the punch than vomiting .
tr	I	When they 'd been at home they both tended to be self-centered , and they 'd been gone more than they 'd been at home .
tr	O	I knew Kira had a crush on Christian , and I was 100 percent behind their soon-to-be relationship .
tr	I	He didn 't seem to react , but I gave him a look that expressed how unimpressed I was .
tr	I	It set out toward the exit and it inserted the recorder in pocket .
tr	O	He yanks back his hand and I flee for the lunchroom .
tr	O	They told me I would be achy until my splintered ribs fully healed but there would be no lasting damage .
tr	I	Only an exhausted sigh emerged but her mother opened her mouth .
tr	O	She shivered at the thought , but what choice did she have ?
tr	O	Your shuttle has disappeared off our devices , but we are hearing your conversation .
tr	O	Tessa stayed where she was , stunned , and Jem remained beside her .
tr	I	You made him doubt himself , and you made Daniel feel stupid .
tr	I	She found she didn 't care as she gave herself over to the emotions running wildly through her , but she was in over her head .
tr	O	She may not have agreed with me but I did feel she wanted to help me if possible .
tr	I	Stryker had no idea how to do it , and not until the seal of Atlantis was broken .
tr	O	It would be wrong , and no matter what he said , it would bother her .
tr	I	Benjamin Messick is killed instantly , and three shots ring out in the early morning silence .
tr	O	I read over it again , but I didn 't believe it .
tr	I	I 'd love to help with the gift section too but I know my portion is supposed to be the cafe .
tr	I	Now I don 't , but I thought I did .
tr	I	I was too embarrassed to ask , but I wondered what it was .
tr	O	He started to smile , but Sam shook her head .
tr	O	He believes in his people , and he 's not a despot .
tr	O	She explained there is a natural progression and I won 't always ache for him .
tr	O	My pulse quickens and I smile .
tr	I	We lay together , his arms around me and he releases me .
tr	O	April turned into May , and May turned into June .
tr	O	I thought he called my name , but he 's looking at a car .
tr	O	There were stone walls surrounding it , and a large stone keep .
tr	O	Every breath I took meant another grain of sand in my hourglass disappeared , and I only had a few left .
tr	I	It was easy to see why - and he had previously called her a mad homeless lady with whom he would have no dealings .
tr	I	The war rolled on , and 1944 rolled in .
tr	I	It wasn 't one of the first booths but Jane kept her eye open for the Village Friends logo .
tr	I	He had no choice , but the last thing in the world he wanted to do right now was talk to Julian True .
tr	O	I nodded and he left .
tr	I	Crowds of onlookers watched his arrest and the sirens had disturbed half the staff .
tr	I	It was so pleasant to see a friendly face that Laurence found himself returning the greeting , but cheerfully instead of staying silent .
tr	I	He tensed , waiting for Jack to explode , and Austin heard someone chuckle .
tr	O	It was Troy Nance , and he wasn 't alone .
tr	O	Sunlight was still shining in the sky , but long shadows reached over Isengard : grey ruins falling into darkness .
tr	I	The monster growled out his approval , and her fingernails dug into his scalp .
tr	I	It was a plan nonetheless , but it was a flawed plan .
tr	I	I have to admit that I thought of you recently , but I haven 't heard that name in a long time .
tr	O	My spirit began to rise up , up , and then I was standing beside the bed , looking at myself .
tr	I	That didn 't matter anymore , but I had even thought of names .
tr	O	The mind-expanding properties surged and he visualised a new phenomenon .
tr	I	Lea wouldn 't let it happen , but Hilda , who is the strongest of the group , tried to pry Lea 's hand open .
tr	O	The others picked a can from the cart and I packed the leftovers in Thompson 's duffel bag .
tr	O	She was excited , yet a part of her was nervous , reluctant .
tr	I	That 's what my life has turned into and those words sound like a soap opera to me .
tr	I	Larry believed in being thorough but it was not information required by law .
tr	O	I 've got the formula , but there may be other copies .
tr	O	She couldn 't actually harm Penney Richmond , but she could go through with her plan .
tr	I	She turned to look up at him , and he put his hands on her shoulders .
tr	I	The images blurred together like some kaleidoscope of memory , and it seemed ages ago .
tr	O	She was my little temptress and she didn 't even know it .
tr	I	I used to dream of traveling , but I 've only lived here in the rain forest .
tr	O	His face was hidden by the shadows cast from the overhead light , but Colton could tell he was staring at them .
tr	I	It makes no difference , but I thrash some more .
tr	I	Her feet impelled her forward , as anger sang in her veins , but she didn 't know what she would say .
tr	I	Shown him letters he had sent , and she spoke very highly of Franz .
tr	I	He leaned in to kiss her forehead , and his fingers smoothed away the last of her tears .
tr	I	She shoots him a look and it sticks to her hair .
tr	O	The shadow of another passing student plunged me back to the present , and I began moving myself .
tr	O	They either fell in line or they were eliminated .
tr	I	One of them quickly became like a sister to her , and my sister made good friends as well .
tr	I	She didn 't want to take any chances , but she didn 't know what had just happened .
tr	I	It was extremely rare that he missed judging a person , and he 'd been fooled .
tr	I	He was so far below the heights to which she should aspire , yet he wanted to be the man she desired above all others .
tr	I	I 'm the boy next door , and he 's this sexy rock god .
tr	I	She fought it off , plowing onward , and a tightness rose in her throat .
tr	I	I doubted he 'd give up his shoes , too , but Vlad had loaned me his coat .
tr	I	An older man fidgeted like he wasn 't pleased and some had lines under their eyes .
tr	I	He promised faithfully to visit her at his earliest convenience , but Liz was having a particularly difficult time leaving Sam behind .
tr	O	Very soon the alliance would be sealed and no power on earth could withstand him .
tr	I	I finally got the intel we needed for his stash up here in Baltimore , and a little talk with Hal made sure we were squared up .
tr	I	I could tell he was struggling with the words to say and he did the most he was willing to do .
tr	O	I met him at the Beach House , and since then we have always had a connection .
tr	O	She wasn 't the maternal type , but she felt protective toward Norah , wanting to ease her burden .
tr	I	That 's how it usually was with him , but I couldn 't recall seeing Ren most of the night .
tr	I	When she realized she was being addressed she abruptly looked away , but the Oracle didn 't react for a moment .
tr	I	I hissed as the sting of it flooded my body , and my shoulder hit the edge of one of the bookcases .
tr	I	Soon she was laughing along with them , but at first she watched very closely .
tr	I	She felt her stomach turn to butterflies , and he smiled knowingly .
tr	O	Business he shouldn 't even be contemplating , but he had his reputation to uphold .
tr	O	Paul hadn 't seen him in two weeks , and in that time he 'd grown thinner , more desperate .
tr	O	The only bright side is that I 'm sober , apparently , and the guy who rescued me cares enough to check in on a regular basis .
tr	I	The real problem was that Roland 's worldview had been shaken , but those were upsetting him .
tr	I	His fingers are wiggling wildly , and his eyes are wide open .
tr	O	His eyes went wide and he shook his head .
tr	I	Going in that possibly cursed room now freaked her out , but she needed to get ready for her dinner with Cade .
tr	I	I didn 't think she 'd be this furious , but I knew that she 'd be upset about the bullying .
tr	I	She could tell exactly when his thoughts shifted to other things , and his eyes drifted over her .
tr	O	It probably wasn 't good to see them while I was so angry , but I was determined to go anyway .
tr	I	It still hurt to actually hear him say it , but she had known Royce hadn 't wanted a mate .
tr	I	That night was not one of them , but usually there 's a nice breeze on the beach at night .
tr	I	He 'll be out of business , and if he doesn 't give us our gold , then we won 't bring him any more silver .
tr	I	They had Mom in a room under observation and it was after three in the morning .
tr	I	Now she was dead , and he 'd loved her .
tr	I	I will not have you intruding and there is much left to be resolved between us .
tr	I	The models were really drooping and it wasn 't long until the sun set .
tr	I	I want you to share in my joy and this is one of the happiest days in my life .
tr	O	There was a full moon and the room was quite bright .
tr	I	The pale green glitter of his eyes dominated his face , drawing her attention , but she tried to concentrate on his nose .
tr	I	Maybe it 's that I really need to get it off my chest or maybe it 's Seth 's bravery .
tr	I	I wrenched my arm away , and someone had hold of me .
tr	I	The bomb squad , all dressed in their special suits , went to examine the backpack and we watched as Rahim was loaded up .
tr	I	A bit reluctantly , but she did .
tr	I	I was sad that we weren 't going to repeat our performance in the shower and my body could still remember the events of last night .
tr	O	Correct your behavior or I will correct it for you .
tr	I	It had been a long time since she 'd let him do anything more than simply kiss her goodnight and he just liked touching her .
tr	O	Claire kicked one away as she jumped in the passenger seat , and Michael locked the doors .
tr	O	Some sort of meeting of the two had occurred before and he wanted to find out all he could about it .
tr	O	she whispered , and to her embarrassment , he smiled .
tr	O	The two of them came together again , and Preston sliced his sword through the air .
tr	O	I thought he was going to take a shower but I heard him talking to someone .
tr	O	Finding her voice she yelled for help , but a stony silence was all that responded .
tr	I	The terror in her eyes hadn 't lessened one bit , but the blond girl gave me an apologetic look .
tr	O	He grins , nods , and with a subtle wave of a hand orders a number of archers to aim directly at Freak 's heart .
tr	I	You can quickly get stranded here and I 'll watch the tide as it 's started to turn .
tr	O	Victoria nodded and they headed back into Chapel Hill .
tr	I	Roger 's touch is too aggressive , but I try to pretend it 's James .
tr	O	A full hour from last call , and I was already ahead in tips for the night .
tr	O	She tried to step away , but there really wasn 't much room to move .
tr	O	Celaena faced him , but Dorian looked at the door again , now sealed .
tr	O	Funny how she had never dared dream for a single child and now she wanted more time to have as many as possible .
tr	O	He sounds nervous , but that makes him all the more loveable .
tr	I	He touched her and Jenny turned around .
tr	O	I didn 't want to look at the street anymore , but my eyes were inexorably drawn back to it .
tr	I	She was starting to get anxious about getting out of the car and they were four blocks from her apartment .
tr	O	They would be able to help , but if you really don 't want them to know , I won 't say anything .
tr	O	Henri 's smiled widened , and he accepted my kiss .
tr	I	She went back to grazing and he laid a hand on the mare 's neck to calm her .
tr	O	Kitty 's shoulders sagged in relief and she smiled encouragingly .
tr	I	Her eyes twinkled , and she nodded .
tr	O	Don glared at her , but the smile returned to his face when he looked at his daughter .
tr	O	I said in a sharp tone , clearly hurting her feelings , but I ignored the wounded look on her face .
tr	I	Both of them stole a quick breath , and their lips separated .
tr	I	She squinted , trying to bring her surroundings into focus and her brow furrowed .
tr	O	Behind her , there was a long , drawn out shout , but Sarah did not look away from the eyes .
tr	I	It was time for MIT , and she was a competent pilot with nearly 500 hours to her name .
tr	O	My shoulder blades itched , and I looked behind me .
tr	O	Tyranny is unbearable , but it never lasts .
tr	O	She felt his will shift and the questions in his brain started pushing forward .
tr	O	The humans inside couldn 't see the demon from where they were , but that noise was going to bring company .
tr	I	He 's got centuries of experience , and we 're just kids .
tr	O	He chased me into the room and I squealed as he tackled me to the bed .
tr	I	A girl who couldn 't have been older than thirteen walked barefoot down the path , and the crowd parted .
tr	I	You shouldn 't and you live here !
tr	O	We never thrived again , but we 're still around .
tr	O	The crowd gasped in unison and Guinevere jumped from her seat , her hands covering her mouth as Lancelot tumbled from his saddle .
tr	I	His eyes were confused , but Jack was half smiling .
tr	I	I grab the black tee , tossing it to him , and he gestures toward the chair .
tr	O	Eventually the sobs gulped to a halt and her sister 's voice wavered in apology .
tr	O	He brought his mouth down on hers , and she was lost all over again .
tr	O	The sounds of fighting stopped suddenly , and she cast a quick glance over her shoulder .
tr	I	He 's always in them , and I have dreams at night , horrible dreams .
tr	O	His wet dick was nestled between my ass cheeks , and his lips were against my ear .
tr	O	he whispered and I nodded .
tr	I	I 'm afraid I was a disappointment to her and I was never the kind of husband she needed .
tr	I	His smile was warm and David seemed entirely composed .
tr	I	I run a hand through my hair and my body shakes .
tr	I	My eyes open themselves , but I wish to keep sleeping .
tr	I	She could practically see him arching an eyebrow , and he asked .
tr	O	I took a breath , but it got stuck .
tr	O	The thought of jettisoning 30 locals gave her no pause , and yet she fed the poor on a high profile holiday .
tr	O	Vane snapped his fingers , and clothes appeared on Fury .
tr	O	Haworth was to have led one branch himself but he had stayed behind , giving instruction instead .
tr	I	I shook my head and she looked at me .
tr	O	I cast a glance at Fade , but another guard had already conscripted him .
tr	I	A police officer was talking to her landlord , and a police squad car was sitting in front of her house .
tr	I	She leaned into him , and he instantly slid a hand into her lap underneath the table .
tr	O	Easing back , his eyes met hers , and she quickly noted the seriousness behind them .
tr	I	Every pirate ship we came across paid us thousands for our goods and sure , there was plenty to mine .
tr	I	The tension eased from her face , and then a smile twitched at the edges of her mouth .
tr	I	There was a beautiful photograph of a Cathedral , one I did not recognise , and I turned to the page reference .
tr	O	Louisa wouldn 't look at him , but she didn 't bow her head .
tr	I	He grinned again and I stared at him .
tr	O	We are still winning but some demons are escaping .
tr	I	You 're not a hooker and he 's a jerk .
tr	I	My body buried itself into him , and Jackson 's hard chest engulfed me .
tr	O	He breathed in as though he was going to continue , but then he paused .
tr	I	When he had used his powers , whatever they were , it had not been on purpose , and he hadn 't started the fight .
tr	I	They 're serious and she says she met someone .
tr	O	Matt heard gravel crunching beneath the vehicle , but that hadn 't been visible from the country road running alongside it .
tr	I	There was a definite thread of command in his tone , but it was voiced quietly enough .
tr	O	They make me work here , and they don 't pay me .
tr	O	He stepped out of the bathroom down the hall , and a cloud of steam followed him .
tr	I	She gasped and her lips parted .
tr	O	The tents opened up , and people walked out .
tr	I	Before he did so , something in the corner of the room caught his eye , but he stepped back quickly .
tr	O	She opened her mouth to make some dismissive remark , but before she could say anything , Eugene cut in .
tr	O	I made myself smile into her cold and calculating blue eyes .
tr	I	The unexpected light nearly blinded him , and he passed through the stuff .
tr	O	She studied him for a moment , and he avoided her gaze .
tr	I	We always had to break in , and the lock never worked right .
tr	I	Maximus had been unable to reach Marty , but Vlad had ordered my family pulled in .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop staring , but the scar was covered now .
tr	I	I jerked away , ready to fight , and a bear claw reached out for me .
tr	O	We made arrangements to finish the project tomorrow , and I headed back to my apartment .
tr	I	The flicker of the movie on the massive screen pulled her attention , and Kate sipped her brew .
tr	I	He didn 't sound like the same guy who 'd just signed off on a new series of cufflinks , but he asked .
tr	I	I could smell the outdoors on his skin , and his hot , moist breath beat against my cheek .
tr	I	His eyes were twinkling , and he was still smiling .
tr	I	The chest fell from his hands to the floor and a sudden gasp from the old man startled her .
tr	O	I 'm like some lamb being led to the slaughter and I 'm beaming like an idiot .
tr	O	They turned to attack him , but it did them no good .
tr	I	She would never be so stupid to take something of mine , but my sister might be on her way out .
tr	O	His head was down and he had one hand on his hip .
tr	I	Chris was pleased to see a respectable scattering of cars in the parking lot and the drive to the church was a short one .
tr	O	The whole thing was iced in thick , crusty white icing , and Evie had written across the top We love you , Elder !
tr	O	No doubt this slight chaplain could take him out , but that didn 't mean Jordan would go down easy .
tr	I	Dad came home left me ample time to mull everything over and having the house to myself until he returned from baseball practice .
tr	I	The two separated like two sparring boxers in the ring , and the elevator bell rang .
tr	I	He looked at her and her breathing intensified .
tr	I	She really did have the cookies , and this was a woman who really was like anybody 's grandmother .
tr	O	My heart pounded in my chest suddenly , and I could hear it in my ears .
tr	I	Then he swam away , and he said he would retrieve my body when I was dead .
tr	I	I didn 't want to wake her and Braden would be asleep .
tr	O	I stopped between them , but J.C. just grunted .
tr	O	We work this problem like any other , and we find a solution .
tr	O	The rich wore paper jewelry , and the poor bought tiny diamonds .
tr	I	It wasn 't overwhelming me now either , but the panic didn 't completely fade away , since I was in some pretty serious trouble here .
tr	O	I hated him so much , but I loved him , too .
tr	I	The darkness was starting to seep into the corner of my eyes , and a hand grabbed for my neck , my weapon .
tr	O	It 's not gon na happen , and I 've learned to accept that .
tr	O	Silk 's sharp little face was alert and he showed no signs of weariness .
tr	O	He checks his finger for blood , but his cut has stopped bleeding for a while now .
tr	O	My face instantly warmed and I shook my head staring down at my order pad in an attempt to hide my blushing .
tr	I	He wasn 't frail , but he might be old .
tr	I	I see my reflection in the mirror above my dresser and I sit up to help him slide off his pants .
tr	O	Gavin grins at me and I have to laugh .
tr	I	He wasn 't ready to give up on it yet , but he hadn 't made much progress on the project Winkler assigned earlier .
tr	I	Her muscles tensed and her smile faded .
tr	I	The very essence of female temptation , he acknowledged with a bleak sense of loss , and she was also intensely loyal , courageous .
tr	I	I thought about how Addie was worried about me trying this , and a buzz started in my head .
tr	I	It 's just the right temperature and I sip it .
tr	I	That would entail going back upstairs , but I considered getting a light jacket .
tr	O	He juts a hand in my direction , and I stand to receive his warm handshake .
tr	O	She was his and he was hers , each heavenly step confirming it in his mind .
tr	O	His head whipped around , and he looked at her in astonishment .
tr	O	Once upon a time Hart had tasted that eagerness , her zest for life , and he longed to taste it again .
tr	I	He didn 't see he had any other options , but no , he didn 't want to tell him .
tr	O	I think he did his best with what he had , and this trust account in your name has to go somewhere .
tr	I	He was a total stranger , yet his voice was familiar to her .
tr	O	Luckily , the bullet had just grazed his flesh , but it had left a substantial laceration .
tr	I	He had been there , but the fake Mr. Moody was nowhere to be found .
tr	I	He walked away and Sean looked at her silently for a moment before his hands flew up in the air .
tr	I	No sound came out , but Jessica opened her mouth .
tr	I	I was the one who felt trapped , yet Jay nudged her way between my thighs .
tr	O	He answered right away , and his voice in my ear began to flush out some of the crazy .
tr	I	There was a bloodthirsty edge to his power that I 'd never felt with Patch , but he was almost as strong as Patch .
tr	I	It is now in a vault and we had his stamp collection appraised .
tr	I	At that moment he didn 't care who saw him , and Relief left him exhausted .
tr	O	It would take him awhile but he decided to head back to the village where his host was part owner of an inland marina .
tr	O	Their mouths were hard and their eyes were big .
tr	I	I will get what I 've come here for and I 've got a lot at stake .
tr	I	She smiled , and I looked .
tr	I	Every motion seemed to work together in perfect harmony , but I had no idea how he was so dexterous .
tr	O	His eyes widened , but he didn 't comment .
tr	O	It might have been forgotten when it was raised , but someone would have spotted it before it was archived .
tr	O	I 'll be fine as soon as both my parents are here and I know they 're not going to kill each other .
tr	I	It was the last bad grade I 'd ever received , and I 'd gotten one D in science two years ago .
tr	O	Persephone had Adonis to return to , and she wouldn 't be here forever .
tr	I	About five years after we were married , Jessica convinced me to go on a couples ' spiritual retreat , but I wasn 't converted right away .
tr	I	Dione stopped her animated reaction and he quickly shook his head once .
tr	I	I crossed my arms , and his ears drooped even more .
tr	O	We 've been best friends for years and he knows what she means to me .
tr	O	Except the second love of his life was hiding somewhere far less safe than this hole in the ground , and he was terrified .
tr	I	I eventually was looking at him without sobbing and warmth from his hand in mine calmed me .
tr	O	I didn 't want say so , but Shannon 's own mother had scared the crap out of me , as had the librarian , Edna .
tr	I	When he heard Melanie , he smiled , and his entire demeanour had been previously slumped .
tr	I	I always says no , no I can 't , and they ask if I can see it , too .
tr	O	Whatever had brought Carter and his cash to Arcadia was beside the point .
tr	I	She was sure they always notice the things that normal people don 't but she 's becoming unsure how they became her friends .
tr	I	If she 's a bit unruly , Callie could probably help you with the training , but her temperament is also good .
tr	O	It may sound cold-hearted to use someone like that , but I was in desperate straits .
tr	I	When I do , my stomach drops , and James asks me to check the New York Times .
tr	I	He was a systematic lover and this was happening too fast .
tr	I	I appreciated the view of her backside and Savanna led the way .
tr	I	I 'm dizzy and my head hurts .
tr	O	The way Avalon talked it appeared as if these five boys made up the most skilled reconnaissance team , but there were several others around the world .
tr	O	I didn 't want to go , but my job was important to me .
tr	I	He tried , but Evan didn 't have the best rhythm .
tr	I	I laid my head in the crook of his neck and he gathered me close .
tr	O	It was so peaceful , but an irritating piece of sandpaper rubbed her raw .
tr	I	His warmth radiated over her and he leaned closer .
tr	O	You 're taking over my heart and I can 't stop it .
tr	O	The code was like an enigma to her , and she unfortunately did not have an enigma machine .
tr	I	That was a small trap and he knew they were there .
tr	O	That was exciting news and we discussed it eagerly .
tr	I	Then would heal , and he 'd experience the pain of evisceration , which Logan assured him sounded quite unbearable .
tr	I	As I did , she quickly glanced in my direction , and I stood up .
tr	I	We have hope , but he still might not .
tr	O	Not that he didn 't deserve it , but I don 't know anything about him .
tr	I	She would tame the square in order to help the woman , but she couldn 't stop the clocks for the whole world .
tr	O	There was a crackling noise , and she staggered backwards into Edwin .
tr	O	Kai didn 't know if such an assessment was based on anything more than hope , but she took it to heart .
tr	I	The sheikh had welcomed the Americans with open arms , and he had sensed no deception the last time he had gone there .
tr	I	She looked up at him and her breath slowed .
tr	I	She winced , hoping he didn 't hear that and she couldn 't help the thought from popping into her head .
tr	O	She hoped the fresh air would help but it wasn 't helping .
tr	O	Her whole body was trembling and her arms were no longer passive .
tr	I	She could only marvel at this momentarily , but not a single thing had changed in his bedroom .
tr	O	His voice was deep , and he spoke with authority .
tr	I	They tend to get a bit ... overzealous , and they don 't know their own strength .
tr	O	The evidence room was usually locked , and all the officers had access to the key .
tr	O	I rushed forward and flung myself at Matteo .
tr	I	Me had proved that reality wasn 't as tidy as my parents ' explanations and what had happened between Lucas .
tr	I	He gasped for each breath and his sides cramped like crazy .
tr	O	As the plane thundered down the runway , Mallory squeezed her eyes shut , and Jake tenderly stroked the insides of her wrists with his thumbs .
tr	O	The lack of sleep wasn 't helping my day-to-day exhaustion , but I just couldn 't switch my brain off .
tr	O	She wasn 't terribly efficient with her work , but she seemed to make a good show of it whenever Carlos was around .
tr	I	Yet , they still use the word orientation to mean aligning something , and everything changed in the way people saw the world .
tr	O	I had covered my ears as best as I could , but my world is still without much sound .
tr	O	Dante follows him and I watch as they seem to have a few heated words by the edge of the pool .
tr	I	It would be the last , but well , it wouldn 't be the first time he 'd dropped by the Pink Poodle !
tr	O	Daniel grinned at Rebecca as the door closed and he turned the key in the lock .
tr	O	The motion only served to attract the handsome man 's eyes , and his gaze took in all the charms she could not hide .
tr	O	She disabled the sensors as she went , but it seemed like it didn 't matter .
tr	I	I watched as the steam wreathed her face , and instead she brought the cup to her lips .
tr	I	She needed to escape , and she knew she was in big trouble if she stayed in the hallway with Violet .
tr	O	The energy discharges no longer emanated from Vickie and she seemed to have fallen deep into the coma again .
tr	O	Her hunger beat at him , and he knew Aidan could feel it , too .
tr	I	Blood dripped down his body in several places , and his face was flushed .
tr	I	I led the three of us in , and it turned without effort .
tr	I	They wave back and I wave at them .
tr	O	He put his hands to his ears , but the product crept up through his nose .
tr	I	He hadn 't tried to stop him and he 'd known Micah was taking Wren .
tr	O	The sun beat down on us as the day drew to an end and we had traveled quite a distance in this hot weather .
tr	O	Her face paled and she looked down .
tr	O	To the left is the sitting room , and straight ahead of us is the kitchen .
tr	O	Maya Angelou Eliot took my hand , and my whole body shivered .
tr	O	His tone bordered on smugness , but Lacy was so relieved she didn 't call him on it .
tr	I	Alejo felt bad for him , and Stalin sighed , glumly .
tr	I	I could tell Ellery was nervous as she was biting her bottom lip , and we arrived at the hospital .
tr	I	They would soon die , but he could survive alone .
tr	I	I rolled up in my blankets , facing him , and he bedded down a small distance away , just out of arm 's reach .
tr	I	She didn 't go far , but Nik watched her stand up once he had the letter .
tr	O	I was his human servant , but we tried to keep that out of the media .
tr	O	What had been said couldn 't be taken back , and those were the exact words that Jared definitely did not need to hear .
tr	I	Most of the forces withdrew , including Thibault 's company , and a decision was made to abandon the operation .
tr	O	I heard her approach , but still she surprised me .
tr	O	He 'd thought he 'd lost that years ago , but here it was , rearing its head .
tr	I	As soon as they scattered to do his bidding , I knew he would turn to me , and I waited until he 'd finished speaking .
tr	O	Her voice was nonchalant , but I smelled a setup .
tr	I	I had a dozen different windows open on my computer screen as I searched for answers , and the panic was back .
tr	O	She follows the doctor out to sign the admission forms and I am alone for the first time since the fight .
tr	I	She could make out a faint glow from somewhere inside , and the driver 's side window was rolled down a crack .
tr	I	I couldn 't help looking at the room Abbi was dancing for , but he began to explain about the councilman wanting more perks at the club .
tr	I	Now I needed to ensure that I survived whatever his master plan really was , and none of it was real .
tr	I	She didn 't sense anything bad rolling off him either , but she didn 't know him .
tr	I	I shuddered in revulsion and Blood coagulated from where his nose used to be .
tr	I	We landed before he did , but I assumed it was Xander .
tr	O	Her heart was thundering in her chest , her breath coming in gasps , and she had no wish to explain herself to her sister .
tr	I	Apparently Brady wasn 't awkward with anything , but she had always thought that the first time with someone new was awkward .
tr	I	Honestly , if she were , I would be shocked , and it was too dark to see if she was blushing .
tr	I	Julie thought she also caught a slight trace of anger at Julie 's failure to make good on the promise of freedom , but Kim looked scared .
tr	I	I will not abandon my Pack to wage a war without me , and I caused this .
tr	I	She maintained caution but Kara trusted again .
tr	I	He needed them now and he needed the accouterments .
tr	O	He had to get inside the area housing the computers , and they had security codes for that .
tr	I	She thinks she knows me , and two weeks since I arrived ?
tr	O	It 's not the kiss I was expecting , but I 'm pretty sure I love it just as much .
tr	I	His gaze was riveted , and the delectable mounds peeked above the neckline of her smock .
tr	I	He didn 't want to disappoint her in bed , but Pirro had a hard time keeping up with Vi .
tr	O	I 'm trying to figure it out , but it seems no one has ever looked ahead in this whole thing .
tr	O	I believe he 's in high school , but he might be in junior high .
tr	I	Starlin made it their extremely profitable business to replace those numbers as needed , and most of the slaves died within the first two years of captivity .
tr	O	When she cried out , he answered with a growl of masculine satisfaction , and Jane opened her eyes to witness his expression .
tr	I	All I could think about was Riley , but I felt like I had a world of worries on my shoulders .
tr	O	My hair didn 't need to be shampooed twice , but I needed to give them time .
tr	O	She tried a smile , but it felt stiff .
tr	O	Francesca 's face is red on the right side where he 's struck her , but her eyes are defiant .
tr	O	I tried to make a joke of it , but David just frowned at me .
tr	O	The capsule opened and he emerged onto Vanguard Bridge .
tr	O	I made a face , but inside I felt a fire light up inside of me .
tr	I	Eventually he was going to have to go back to living his normal life , but I 'd cherish the moments I could with him .
tr	I	She jumped , opening her eyes and the doorbell rang .
tr	I	I also hope you 'll just as well play your part and I 'll make sure I make you as happy as possible .
tr	O	We are leaking gas to port and the carbon count is rising fast .
tr	I	It fell to the floor with a useless clatter , and shock made her drop the rifle .
tr	I	She had to escape that sand , but she had always hated gym at school .
tr	O	I mean he was there , but he wasn 't being seen .
tr	I	You keep leaving that safety , but I 'm reasonably certain you 're safe in your house .
tr	O	Liam 's dad found the first available car space and they all piled out onto the pavement with his luggage .
tr	O	Maya 's gaze didn 't waver and soon John was forced to look away .
tr	I	He didn 't get up , but he growled when Deckard appeared .
tr	I	We never grew tired of looking at each other , and we treasured every single minute spent holding hands .
tr	I	His hatred towards my father is far stronger or it 's either he lied about his feelings .
tr	I	The last of my strength deserted me , and she helped me back into the car .
tr	I	She kept it in place , but her veil further darkened everything .
tr	I	She leaned her cheek against the edge of the wooden shutter and her fingers tightened .
tr	O	Both were rugged , but Bowen probably would be considered more classically handsome .
tr	O	Her mouth parted , as if to answer , and then she stopped , licking her lips instead .
tr	I	I felt my nerves stop and she smiled at me sweetly .
tr	O	There would be plenty to choose from , and he knew where to go to find them .
tr	I	No one seemed to want to turn away from their work to do him harm , but the atmosphere was not friendly .
tr	O	The clapping started in the dark , and my breath caught in my throat .
tr	I	He lost all focus and Case 's heart lurched .
tr	O	Cadmus moved to protect me , but I motioned him back .
tr	I	I don 't abuse pain pills anymore , either , and I don 't drink to hide the pain anymore .
tr	O	I want the upper hand in this situation , and it 's going to take some thought .
tr	O	I 'd considered calling Jonah , but this was a public event .
tr	O	She feared he would refuse , and that would be the end of it .
tr	O	It is well for the unfortunate to be resigned , but for the guilty there is no peace .
tr	I	It would not have been possible for them to disregard a patently ill human being or they must have received enormously intense orders to find those robots .
tr	O	He took in a deep breath and he looked down at my hand .
tr	O	Jacob was at a sleepover and Derek was at the office , late once again .
tr	I	She could not tear her eyes away , but loud screams were building around her , coming from somewhere along the length of the tunnel .
tr	I	She pulled me back and I went to move .
tr	O	No opposing batters had been seriously hurt , but they could have been .
tr	O	He rummaged in his rucksack and after finding a tube of ointment , he moved toward me .
tr	I	Dark clouds were building across the sky as the sun set , but the day would have been warm if the wind wasn 't blowing .
tr	I	Sometimes I think it 's made me stronger and it 's a part of me .
tr	I	None too fancy , and it was a small little place .
tr	I	She would not give in to it but Jake had that kind of power .
tr	I	Her eyes did , but her face didn 't move .
tr	O	His head is resting against his headboard and his eyes are closed .
tr	O	The bullion wouldn 't burn , and they could take all their horses could carry .
tr	O	Torin left whenever Eirik appeared , but he hated it .
tr	O	I maneuver over to the left , but he doesn 't fall for it , shadowing me in the opposite direction .
tr	O	He began to shiver , but he didn 't care .
tr	I	Suddenly everything made sense , and all the pieces snapped into place .
tr	I	He 'd already been alerted to the faint whiff of hero in the musty corridor air , and Sandbag was one reason why not .
tr	O	Jenny 's head jerked around and she stared at her aunt .
tr	O	She slowed her pace , and Colleen followed suit .
tr	I	I couldn 't get the words out , but I went to say thank you .
tr	I	She knew she had just had one , but she wasn 't familiar with existential experiences on a personal level .
tr	O	He had been funneling orders through Shaw up until now , but he wouldn 't be able to hold up much longer .
tr	I	He held on and she tried to pull her fingers away .
tr	I	Then again he 'd always looked good , but I couldn 't deny that Colt looked good .
tr	I	Those seemed to work pretty well last time , and if it ain 't broke , don 't fix it .
tr	O	My blurry , addled state didn 't disappear , but it didn 't get any worse than when I was due for my next dose .
tr	O	Thibault wasn 't completely immune to the escalating tension , and like everyone else , he 'd needed an outlet .
tr	O	I knew he meant well , but there was more to it .
tr	I	They were typical Geraldine , and her lawyer had read Colin her final instructions over the phone .
tr	O	I hated sounding like such a brat , but it was true .
tr	I	I 'd never actually been to it , but it was close to the main airport .
tr	I	I can avenge his name now , but I couldn 't convince Hank not to do it then .
tr	O	Joseph had no eye for it but it was a beautiful evening .
tr	O	His eyes shot down to the contact and she saw that she 'd shocked him .
tr	O	The Tahoe 's door opens , and Colonel Rosso slowly emerges .
tr	I	I was quickly reminded of my surroundings and the evil smile on his face sent a shiver of nerves up my spine .
tr	O	His mouth was drawn tight , and his body shook with anger .
tr	O	Blond hair stuck out in all directions , but his smile captured her heart .
tr	O	It was none of Anton 's business , but I had to set the record straight .
tr	O	His eyes darted around the room searching out a water pitcher but there was none to be seen .
tr	I	Shadows masked his face , and he sat just outside the circle of light .
tr	I	Elizabeth sat in her place , and Michelle left the table .
tr	O	I took a few deep breaths and we continued our kiss .
tr	O	The trees blurred by and mountain air whistled through the car 's open windows .
tr	O	She 's hiding her feelings behind that iron curtain , and I can only hope she 's telling the truth .
tr	I	It comes back from every direction , but I dismiss it .
tr	O	This is as good of an answer as any , and Reginald lets sleep take him again .
tr	O	Everything was in a whirl , and she was melting in to a frenzy of passion when she realized that he had slowed , even stopped .
tr	O	There is a puzzle here and I aim to solve it .
tr	O	I throw a thick pillow across the room and it slaps into her thigh .
tr	I	I was glad I had friends in the House to commiserate with , and Lindsey was a great girl .
tr	O	My head had started to pound , and I rubbed the back of my neck .
tr	I	I couldn 't imagine how I had , and I hadn 't meant to offend him , of course .
tr	O	The first song had gone exactly as expected and now it was time to loosen it up .
tr	O	It would be expensive to have it repaired , and Granny didn 't think the old car was worth putting that kind of money into .
tr	I	She was smiling just the same , but I stopped before I blew it .
tr	O	They hung out sometimes with mutual friends , and he could be funny when he wanted .
tr	I	I knew from his expression that he was remembering his past , and he grunted softly .
tr	I	He smells lightly of cologne and his short hair is combed perfectly .
tr	O	His eyes were wide and he was breathing heavily .
tr	O	They stood together , curled over the mass of baby between them , and Georgie felt like everything was going to be fine .
tr	I	I 'd burn you to ashes where you stand or I could even tell you to do it .
tr	O	A gulf had developed between us , and I missed her .
tr	I	A burly man stepped out and he started down the dirt road past the occupied campsite , just as the tent flap opened .
tr	I	Chance found himself rushing toward Gwen , but Will had backed up a bit more .
tr	O	Desperation clawed at me , tearing me up from the inside out , and I slowly turned toward Cronus .
tr	O	Then his eyes glazed over , and he saw no more .
tr	I	She left the shop in a hurry , and then something outside caught Roxie 's attention .
tr	O	Thanks to his chubby body the weight didn 't crush him , but it was too heavy to lift .
tr	O	The killing had been done in justifiable self-defense , but at this point it didn 't matter much .
tr	I	I shrieked and my head was thrashed against the wall .
tr	O	She held one hand out , and I noticed that Lara was frozen , held in some kind of spell .
tr	I	The he had just not been able to see her , and he was quite sure she had been there all along .
tr	O	She was on the transplant list and I was on the donor list .
tr	I	He was breathing fast , and his cheeks were red .
tr	O	She usually napped this time of day , and he could think of nothing more perfect than sliding in bed beside her .
tr	O	They were exchanging ideas again , and I didn 't like it .
tr	I	I didn 't participate , but they did meth along the way .
tr	I	Their sharp voices had already given me a headache , and I 'd only been in the room a minute .
tr	I	We know better than to celebrate that , but as far as we know , we 've been undetectable to the naked eye .
tr	O	Usually she was smiling , but now the smile on her face wasn 't real .
tr	O	I blushed even harder and she laughed .
tr	O	Jack looked at me , and if there was a flash of heat in his eyes , there was none in his voice .
tr	O	Her blonde hair was tousled from sleep and she wore a gray cashmere robe over her silk nightgown .
tr	I	Less than a hundred people are left to hold them , but your walls are strong .
tr	O	I believed him , but it did nothing for the acid continually being poured over my emotions .
tr	I	That meant extra guards along the base borders and all military bases were now on high alert .
tr	I	I don 't want any in the horde to see them but they 'll wait for you , Brian .
tr	I	That doesn 't help and I see his dimple .
tr	O	The ship was forgotten for a few hundred years , but in the 1950 's , she was discovered again lying just outside Stockholm harbor .
tr	O	He called her repeatedly but she didn 't answer .
tr	O	He feels her pain and he winces from it .
tr	I	I keep our heads above water , but I 'm not the richest man .
tr	I	The wail of an approaching ambulance could already be heard , and half the people in the restaurant had already dialed 911 .
tr	I	VIN had nowhere to go , and Jonesy didn 't care to leave the base .
tr	I	He snorted in amusement and I gave him an annoyed look .
tr	O	Sweat poured down my face , and the mosquitoes were driving me insane .
tr	I	She didn 't say a word , yet her top lip raised .
tr	I	The door opened , and the repetitive beat gradually subsided .
tr	I	There 's no point and he 'll just freak .
tr	I	It wouldn 't subside at all , but I tried hard to suppress it .
tr	I	She 's hard to walk away from , but she deserves far better than me .
tr	O	You have our recommendations , but the decision is yours .
tr	I	The silver didn 't glow , but the silver collar still circled Connor 's neck .
tr	O	He didn 't say a word , but his eyes glittered with rage .
tr	O	Beth would be appalled to be pulled into Victoria 's Secret , but she 'd not be deterred .
tr	O	Another distant structure prompts him to attempt a portal , but Mai finds herself unable to complete the request .
tr	O	She was now ten minutes late , but she had gotten her makeup perfect .
tr	O	The west wing was forbidden to me , and I never saw anyone enter it .
tr	I	He wore whatever he wanted , and she wore what she could afford .
tr	O	The heavy bass reminds me of clubs back home , and I start to relax .
tr	O	My heart rate slows and my brain stops buzzing .
tr	O	I heard James call my name , but I ignored him .
tr	O	Balthazar grinned , showing off the dimple in his chin again , but then we both heard Courtney 's laugh , not far away .
tr	I	I could definitely relate to the way everything she touched turned into a complete mess , and Lucy was scatterbrained like me , all right .
tr	I	Laughter drifted softly across the line and a door slammed in the background .
tr	I	Sure enough there was a dressing table , and Edwin looked where Maddy pointed .
tr	I	There was no time , but normally Charlie would carefully assess the situation before charging in .
tr	O	Rick 's a good guy to keep in with , and that firm is one of the best around .
tr	O	Her hand peeks out of the blanket and I knot my fingers with hers .
tr	O	His face got all excited and his hands started whirling around .
tr	O	He had to be , or else what was he ?
tr	O	With that said , Julie left to get breakfast and Lea looked around for a table .
tr	O	John was talking to some sort of scientist , and Kaia hadn 't heard a single word he 'd said .
tr	I	The yellowish light makes me squint , and Los Angeles feels as warm as ever , a typical hazy day in late fall .
tr	I	It 's too big to fit in the rover and the regulator has to be in the pressurized area .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I liked it , and Chaz wasn 't afraid of me anymore .
tr	O	His cheeks were flushed and his nostrils flared slightly .
tr	I	That man probably constantly monitors to make sure you 're safe , but I 'm not even going to bring up the romantic stuff .
tr	O	Let 's go sit over there and you can tell me what happened .
tr	I	He realized she had long , toned legs , and it ended mid-thigh .
tr	O	I nod , and then we 're taking turns standing on my chair , arranging constellations .
tr	I	She had forgotten to explain that every house out there looked identical , but Elise 's directions to her winter place were clear in the main .
tr	O	The door opened behind her , and she hoped it was Amy .
tr	O	He looked down at his tea cup but it was empty .
tr	I	Outside , something is screaming , and the storm has whipped them to a frenzy .
tr	O	I was about to launch into a highly developed argument but the front door jiggled .
tr	I	I fastened my eyes on his , and my fingers inched to his waistband .
tr	O	Their harbor protected them from the crashing seas , but the winds found their way over the cliffs , becoming much disorganized .
tr	O	She had kept her word about the cell phone , but she had also made her intention clear to go after Haruki .
tr	O	I 'm not trying to be an asshole , Susan , but under community property , the house clearly belongs to me .
tr	I	I could move , and then the lights turned on , blinding me in their startling intensity .
tr	O	He managed to gnaw off a large bite , and he munched on it gladly .
tr	I	She insisted they 'd talk later and he started to interrogate her over the phone .
tr	I	I believe every word , and he told me this .
tr	O	I didn 't want a partner , but I 've resigned myself to you .
tr	I	The Newbies all had their eyes trained on the instructor , but I looked up to see if anyone had witnessed the action .
tr	O	Clearly he hadn 't been sleeping well , but I 'd been too self-absorbed to notice .
tr	I	Instead of my mother , Riley poked his head in , but the door cracked open .
tr	I	I pay rapt attention and Quickly demonstrates the motions at the stand for us .
tr	O	She came dangerously close to having the breakdown and I still walk silently .
tr	I	There was something hard about him , less endearing , but he had Noel 's same clean-cut , golden features .
tr	O	It wasn 't pretty , but it was a start .
tr	I	The man was gone and Margie apologized once again .
tr	I	I couldn 't put my finger on what it was , but I sensed it on Alderaan .
tr	O	It wasn 't a pleasant thought and it did nothing for my stomach .
tr	O	She 'd intended to climb out of the shower earlier , but she knew that they would stop talking the minute the water turned off .
tr	O	Cole doubted whether anybody would be able to forget what happened , but the freed captives started trudging away .
tr	I	She managed to disguise it behind a shrug , but her disappointment was keen .
tr	I	It has not revealed any point of entry but I could see that the large rock has been blown off .
tr	I	They were always surprised , and the dizziness always hit them a few minutes before they returned to Aden .
tr	O	The office was going to be pretty sparse for a while , but it was mine .
tr	I	You are way out of control , but I know how hard it 's been on you since Hailey left .
tr	I	Noah hasn 't responded but he 's left several urgent messages .
tr	O	Everything had changed the day I met Jackson Stone and he 'd made me his executive assistant .
tr	I	She reveled in the thought of his own loss of control , and his hands were becoming rougher , more demanding .
tr	O	I knew the woman couldn 't have been Eris , but I wanted to know if my father suspected the same person I did .
tr	I	Curiosity sparkles inside me , but I just did what I had to and stuck to myself , at least since my twelfth birthday .
tr	O	You 're sick and you need help .
tr	O	She was up the next morning before it got light , and she 'd crammed my breakfast into me before the sun came up .
tr	O	It 's not your fault , and neither was Alexander 's death .
tr	O	It wasn 't the same kind of sensation Joan usually felt before a confrontation , but it did make her feel sick .
tr	O	Their minds remained strong , tangled in the dream world , but their bodies were forced to lay motionless .
tr	I	We must also listen to our hearts ' desires , but murder is wrong , so thus a revolution is wrong .
tr	O	Hope swelled inside of her , but she forced it back down .
tr	O	I was slightly stunned by what I was seeing , but then remembered there was a third thing somewhere .
tr	I	The mass had a shaken look , but scattered jeers drifted up from some .
tr	O	I 'm not entirely sure Fletch won 't do anything boneheaded , but I leave that out for now .
tr	I	I hope he 'll be allowed to stay as long as he wishes , but Kate will be free to change that once she is of age .
tr	I	He had gone silent and I told him it was perfect .
tr	O	My hands ball into fists , but I can 't move .
tr	I	He sent you to Travis 's house to kill him but you say he wouldn 't put you in any danger .
tr	O	The name won 't mean anything to you , and you 'll have to pretend you know where it is .
tr	I	As soon as someone shared the prophecy tying us together , the fun began , but I couldn 't say for sure when the game started .
tr	I	Before she could react Victoria felt a hot , sharp pain down her left arm , and one of them was carrying a knife .
tr	O	Martin left the car abruptly , and I watched him register .
tr	O	We have to throw everything we have at them or else we 're doomed .
tr	I	She looked automatically for the source , and Jenny heard a deeper sound , a thrumming .
tr	I	He 'd never fight her and he 'd never stand down .
tr	O	She indicated to the other officers to be silent , and they proceeded up the next two flights of stairs .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure what she expected , but it wasn 't the thick cloud of darkness that was nearly tangible in the air .
tr	I	All bar , and the Last Stand is like a railroad apartment , long , narrow .
tr	O	He calls again the next day , but I haven 't been able to get any time alone with anyone in Lennox 's friend group .
tr	I	Gran took this as a sign that he didn 't need any medicine , at least not immediately , and he now seemed more aware of things .
tr	O	Eden 's voice broke , and I could see that her eyes were filled with tears .
tr	O	He did not have permission to disrupt the show and he 's being punished as we speak .
tr	I	I were hard core Marines and it 's not like Bear .
tr	O	A small circle of scorched grass surrounded the rear of the plane , but the hull was relatively intact .
tr	I	Some part of her reality had shifted but she didn 't know exactly what this meant .
tr	O	They were opposite sides of each other and both of them had clear target areas open .
tr	I	Grey was alert to the emotions he must be feeling underneath , but the man chuckled .
tr	O	She 'd missed him , and watching him leave now would break her heart .
tr	I	Perplexed , I began to realize of the impossibility of my task , and I had never expected that the tomb would attract so much attention .
tr	I	He still remembered what it felt like to be a kid but he was getting along in years now .
tr	I	He was finally off the lot , but it took him at least three minutes .
tr	I	I can only hope that , with time , you forgive me for this , and you are a very special man , Eli .
tr	O	She was full of smiles , but her eyes signaled to me that we were going to have a long talk about Noah .
tr	I	When I get freaked out , I can get a little bit weird , but maybe I have too much imagination .
tr	O	Because it was over , and it didn 't matter .
tr	I	She blinked them back and I saw the tears well up in her eyes .
tr	I	We should be gone a long time and he said we would be taking one of Lady Margaret 's lawyers .
tr	O	None of this was in the brochure , and I felt somewhat slighted .
tr	O	The full supper was ready and it was a good meal .
tr	I	Jed thought it could possibly be Joshua , but they had a white sheet over him .
tr	O	It seemed a simple enough task to manage , yet everyone in the immediate vicinity had fallen into a sudden , lengthy silence .
tr	I	I knew enough to realize whatever was happening was not good , but I didn 't know what was going on .
tr	I	A team must have been sent out to dispose of all evidence , and Lily had made inquiries in the wrong places .
tr	I	It sounds pop Like a gunshot and drop Him off at church street .
tr	O	I saw you at the wedding , but we didn 't really get to meet .
tr	I	Her upper lip curled into a snarl and her lips grew thin .
tr	I	Nobody wanted to run that risk , and Laughter would 've upset Stick .
tr	O	Nash wasn 't used to taking orders , and I wasn 't used to giving them .
tr	I	Marshall brought drinks and they moved to the bar .
tr	I	I was sure that the old man was next to death , and he stilled .
tr	O	He had the advantage over the Hunter in that he knew the island , but that did not bother the Hunter .
tr	I	She manages the family well and she 's fond of Guy .
tr	I	More are boys than girls too , and I 've got friends right here .
tr	I	He acted the same as before but Missy thought that her great-grandfather looked paler .
tr	O	She sighed and her body started experiencing that loose , liquid feeling like she was melting .
tr	I	She felt a moment of panic and there was no key card slot on the door .
tr	O	It had to be Iris and me helping Haruki escape .
tr	O	Tears were burning and she struggled against them .
tr	I	He began to cry , and his face had turned white .
tr	O	He had given me this wonderful new life , but it didn 't mean anything if he wasn 't in it .
tr	O	It was helping her breathe , but she could manage well enough without it .
tr	I	The world was changing around us , and we were standing absolutely still .
tr	O	Somehow he had gotten on top of the school and now the gym was on fire .
tr	I	They had wound up disastrously , but things had started out smoothly enough this evening .
tr	O	Shirley stood up immediately , and Orson helped her back onto the stool .
tr	O	Stop forcing her to do things just because you 're the ruler of this bloody Kingdom and your word is law .
tr	O	Jack was so shocked his hand slipped , and he poked himself in the eye with the phone antennae .
tr	O	The bruises are still ringed around my neck , and there 's an ugly welt above my right eye .
tr	O	the rat exploded , with such volume that Liza drew back , and several butterflies flitted nervously away from the path .
tr	I	It was what got me through the day , but it was a blatant lie I told myself to make me feel better .
tr	O	The reception had been in full swing for hours and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves .
tr	I	The chance of anyone listening was greater , and they were deeper into the rebel territory .
tr	O	His jeans were ripped and his knee was bleeding .
tr	O	The tips of his fingers had become softer over the last few weeks and his old calluses were virtually nonexistent .
tr	O	The boss won 't like it , but we 're no fans of Heisenberg , either .
tr	O	We used to have a dress shop on Main Street , but it closed .
tr	I	He knew it and he 'd won .
tr	I	Now he knew he had been right , and he had been concerned .
tr	O	I didn 't mind , but when he realized what he was doing , he looked up .
tr	O	She hadn 't asked where he 'd gotten them but they were obviously closer to her size than his .
tr	O	Maybe these were universal boy traits , but for the first time in ten years , Savannah had to blink away a tear .
tr	I	The paintings on the walls were great and every piece of furniture looked stylish .
tr	O	I haven 't seen him in two nights , but I 'm certain he would never leave me .
tr	I	They needed it fast , and Jam sellers needed product .
tr	I	The faint of light peering through the gaps , but we were deep in the forest , so dark I couldn 't see anything .
tr	I	My family are on this floor and books written by me .
tr	I	It was empty , but I spun around , wondering if I 'd somehow missed him in the antechamber .
tr	O	He hangs his head and I feel even worse .
tr	I	I think that 's what I felt earlier when I wasn 't feeling well , but it was so strange .
tr	I	He could still have her if he wanted , but he thought it might take a little more effort than it used to .
tr	O	She was dressed in a black corset dress with purple net underneath it , and her lipstick was a shocking magenta .
tr	O	My gaze met his for a long moment , and then I slid under the covers , my heart pounding wildly as Rafe settled down beside me .
tr	I	She saw a tattoo on his palm and he waved .
tr	O	They made their way through the crowd , and Austin stumbled a few times .
tr	I	David felt that he had the house to himself and Tegan was napping .
tr	I	He had a bunch a trophies and he won a lot of money .
tr	O	There was a pleasant smell Sye couldn 't quite place and the room was bathed in sunlight without a sun .
tr	I	Hell , if he ever needed alcohol it was now , but it was early .
tr	I	The female police officer did an anal cavity search and Pam did as Jill said .
tr	I	He 'd made it clear he could never forgive what she 'd done , but she knew he cared for her .
tr	I	We all felt like we could breathe again , and his steps were light .
tr	O	Most of those he worked with had attended a Soul Party , and they had tonnes of photos on the website to prove it .
tr	I	I picked the two who seemed most desperate , and Laura set up interviews with several gentlemen .
tr	O	He chuckled softly , and then his lips brushed mine in a quick kiss .
tr	I	There was no mistaking her tone , and said Veronica .
tr	I	I can 't imagine my power burning half so bright , but I 'm no slouch at shaping .
tr	O	She doesn 't look at either of us and I know she doesn 't want to talk .
tr	I	I gave her a coffee this morning , but I don 't know how it happened .
tr	I	Now I hated him more and I already hated Moon .
tr	O	His eyes flickered , and he leaned forward .
tr	I	His heart quickened when her gaze rose to his face , and her turquoise eyes glittered as she stared at his hand .
tr	O	There wasn 't much I could do with that information , but there was a chance it could jumpstart something in my head .
tr	I	We shared a knowing look and rolling my eyes I glanced up at Lowe .
tr	I	I thought it would be a good day to talk to him , and you know he was always home on rent day .
tr	O	He wished he could give them something back , some kind of repayment but he knew he had absolutely nothing .
tr	I	No one ever will , and no one ever has .
tr	I	Her gaze was unwavering , but her bottom lip blanched when she bit it .
tr	O	He was not cruel , not exactly , but the brute little man gave no quarter if he thought someone was shirking .
tr	I	No human would win against a wolf , and there was no use for the law .
tr	O	She 'd suggested they meet next week but he 'd said it couldn 't wait .
tr	O	The ecstasy of it was greater than I 'd ever felt , and it rolled over me in wave after wave as I shivered .
tr	I	The matron entered and there was a knock on the door .
tr	I	Then , at the last moment , I called Tim , and my autopilot sense of direction started to take me home .
tr	I	Mary 's hands fell in a familiar pattern behind her daughter 's head and Paola surrendered .
tr	I	They were her naughty teenage children and Miriam pouted , feeling like she was the mother .
tr	O	The owner , Fred Popper , was standing behind the desk in the hotel lobby , and he was delighted to be of service to Nate .
tr	I	They were still nowhere in sight , but occasionally , Luna 's gaze took in the land around her in the faint hope of finding her tribe .
tr	O	She instructed the guards to bring in plenty of torches , and when the room was brightly illuminated it at least seemed less creepy .
tr	I	His shirt is soaked with sweat and his cheeks are red from underneath his helmet .
tr	O	His arms came around me in a hug and I momentarily forgot my horror at Sammy leaving .
tr	O	There wasn 't a huge opening , but it would have to do .
tr	O	She didn 't even know that , but Luiz might .
tr	O	She cringed at the name , knowing that it was the girl she now embodied , and she felt the impulse to reveal herself .
tr	I	Any publicity about POWs missing from WW2 could have precipitated a Superpower confrontation and by the time they could have publicised it the Korean War had started .
tr	I	He wondered if perhaps he was being foolish , but he desperately wanted to be a part of what was happening .
tr	O	He wanted to instill fear among the people of Greenwood Island , but his army was a different matter .
tr	O	The waitress came by and they ordered fresh drinks .
tr	I	I wouldn 't deny Sini hers , and I too would have sought revenge .
tr	O	The shock of something so rude being said out loud and the layer of truth within it softened how offensive it was .
tr	O	There was a bathroom on the right , and the hallway opened on one side onto a living room .
tr	O	There was no doubt that he was addicted to the stuff but he 'd give it all up if it would help Sidra .
tr	I	The truth is , not one of them makes me feel better , but there are a thousand different scenarios playing out in my mind .
tr	I	She blushed again , and I smiled encouragingly at her .
tr	I	For some reason she couldn 't - wouldn 't - let go of it but the solid steel pistol in her hand felt heavy .
tr	O	Cora was not very good at showing emotion , but when she did , it was nice .
tr	I	The expression on his face was pinched , but Cole hugged her back .
tr	I	The children were abducted , never to be seen again , but they usually tore their adult victims to shreds .
tr	O	I sniffled and he tilted my head up , gripping it firmly between his palms .
tr	O	His lips weren 't as brutal as Pete 's , but she didn 't want either of them invading any part of her .
tr	I	He glanced up to the towering snow covered mountain and the wind howled .
tr	O	The guy reached under his cloak for something , maybe his gun , but Blue locked up his arm .
tr	I	He steps on it in order to better reach the ceiling , and he puts the tackle box on the floor , underneath the trapdoor .
tr	I	He looked a little worse for the wear , and Julie hadn 't seen him since the morning he 'd left .
tr	I	Charlie helped her to adjust the sandbags and she placed her weapon on the sandbags .
tr	O	She heard two soft pops as Max dispatched the others , and she turned to continue along the path without another word .
tr	I	His body refused to obey his commands , but Ronan tried to sit up .
tr	I	J hadn 't heard him and the guy had come up on his left side .
tr	I	His hands were white fists and his body was rigid .
tr	I	It wasn 't as awful as I was expecting , but I 'd heard all these horrible things about hospital food .
tr	I	I didn 't even know their last names and I had no feelings for any of them .
tr	O	We 've covered about three more blocks via an overflow pipe and a section of neglected train track when the screams begin .
tr	O	I had needed him for so long and I didn 't have to wait any longer .
tr	O	Rigel looked even more worried then , but he kept his thoughts to himself .
tr	O	A surge of emotion blasted through her , and she felt like a rocket launched into space .
tr	I	It looked pained , as if she wasn 't happy to see him , but she smiled .
tr	O	The lucky ones made it to the bleachers , but I couldn 't see past the flashing lights to see how many survived .
tr	I	I recognize the cafeteria , and we round another corridor .
tr	O	She hasn 't said as much , but I know she loves you too .
tr	I	I could swear she 's wearing the robe she 'd worn the night we first made love , but perhaps it is wishful thinking .
tr	I	It was still open and some mighty power answered her call because the gym was just across the street .
tr	I	She was not moving , and Victoria had been thrown from her wheelchair to the floor .
tr	I	That is not nearly long enough to do justice to your incredible body , and I 've got to be on a plane in five hours .
tr	I	I might do and that seemed like more of a joke than anything hasty Sydney .
tr	I	None of the other kids knew anything either , but I even asked around school after you first approached me about stealing Carson 's bracelet .
tr	I	He tried to sound convincing and he anticipated this question .
tr	I	Nothing came out , but he tipped it .
tr	O	What mattered was that she pass the tests , and so far she was doing marvelously .
tr	O	This woman hadn 't been won over completely , not yet , but she was close .
tr	I	She refused to be completely distracted , but she pressed her slender curves tight against him .
tr	I	She shook her head , but I glanced at Nina for confirmation .
tr	I	Cordelia turned to look him in the eye , and Bax groaned at that .
tr	O	When we said it everything stopped , and we said it with a true heart .
tr	I	I nod and he asks .
tr	O	He turned to go , but Jake grabbed his hand .
tr	I	Nothing at a distance could be that strong , and he could find nothing close enough to have entered his thoughts .
tr	O	Abbey moved to argue , but Adam beat her there .
tr	O	He tore his mouth away and we stared at each other .
tr	O	Thinking he was crazy , I turned to tell him so , but he was already gone .
tr	O	They bolted down a corridor , tightly rounded a corner , and then launched themselves up the stairs .
tr	O	Her body didn 't need to burst into flame and her heart didn 't need to somersault so treacherously .
tr	O	He started to leave , but the coach stopped him .
tr	I	I heard the hollow clack of footsteps ascending the staircase , and voices moved through the walls .
tr	I	Elevator is more American and Lift is more English .
tr	I	It was very hard with blood coming out of her mouth , but Mia was trying to breathe .
tr	O	Maybe I had , but I didn 't like the guy .
tr	O	It wasn 't soft , but it wasn 't hard either , maybe like an over-inflated raft of some sort .
tr	I	Frankly I find them both obnoxious , and we aren 't really friends .
tr	I	It will cause bedlam and they 'll be discovered .
tr	I	It was leaving just as quickly as it came , but he could still feel the adrenaline rush of the encounter .
tr	I	Eventually , she was able to hide all evidence of her naturally red locks underneath the bright red wig , but it was a stretch .
tr	O	I should 've , but I didn 't .
tr	O	She shivered and her lips parted on a gasp .
tr	I	She no longer hid the fact that the Gray was her Jewel of rank , but she usually wore her Birthright Green Jewels , just like today .
tr	I	I was starting to feel the slightest bit uneasy and though we were steps from going into her building , we were still in a public place .
tr	O	She was superstitious sure but she never hurt animals .
tr	I	Only two Rosewood police officers got out , but a police car pulled up behind the sedan .
tr	O	Her friend 's eyes were dancing and Sibyl smiled despite her unhappy thoughts .
tr	I	I forced myself to stop , and her voice pierced through the hatred clouding my mind .
tr	O	She 'd heard Aria was back but she hadn 't seen her yet .
tr	O	She smoothed his forehead again with one cool hand , and he fell back to sleep in a single instant .
tr	I	He needed more exercise but the broken bones in his legs had healed .
tr	I	She nearly groaned , wanting to snatch his present away and her thrill at her glorious present evaporated .
tr	O	Behind me , the door to Finn 's apartment was closed , but I ignored it .
tr	I	To forget all about who she was and to feel her body respond to his .
tr	O	That was a blow to Reuben , and Celeste saw it .
tr	O	Her eyes were like emeralds , glittering , and her lips curled into a welcoming smile .
tr	I	We walked out together , and he packed his bag .
tr	O	Panting with both drained energy and bloodlust Fang narrowed his eyes .
tr	O	Then - again avoiding any wounded areas - he gripped my shoulders , and I expected him to throw me onto the bed anyway .
tr	O	The lights dimmed and almost immediately , I fell asleep .
tr	I	He still manages to elbow me in the shoulder but I dodge him .
tr	O	My face finally appears in the video , and my lips rest softly against hers .
tr	O	Hannah had no way of guessing his intentions , but the promise in his voice definitely had her worried .
tr	I	Her cheeks are drying with no new tears to wet them , and she walks on her own now , next to Caleb .
tr	I	It was no use as her father caught his arms , but Gary tugged at him from behind .
tr	I	The gun is in his hand , but I don 't see Wade draw .
tr	O	It needed the wind to dance but the air lay heavy on the ground , unmoving .
tr	I	There were no major cities along the way , and it was a clear day .
tr	O	There was frustration in his glance and eventually he tuned us out .
tr	I	I was the only person who knew , but to this day , Lesley rubbed her nose when she had a good hand .
tr	I	All faint , and all orange .
tr	I	The entire wagon was lifted off the ground and seconds later the earth shook .
tr	O	The speech was marvelous but the distrust of Russo by some of the dissenting priests was even greater .
tr	O	She hadn 't expected that , but she was curious .
tr	O	He 'd been holding me together for so long , and it was time someone finally took care of him .
tr	O	There was a long pause , and his next words came haltingly .
tr	I	They hadn 't had it since she 'd left for college , but it was her sister Carolyn 's favorite dish .
tr	O	The house had a blue roof and the garage was painted white .
tr	O	I don 't do that very often , but right now it seemed awfully damned appropriate .
tr	O	She rose to go get the beer and he started to get up to help .
tr	O	Will made threatening moves towards Ben , but he continued to scream .
tr	I	Everyone else laughed heartily , and Alessandro thundered like a chant .
tr	O	Haddington turned to where he had left Clarence , but the space was now deserted .
tr	O	There is a gateway to the imagination you must enter before you are conscious and the keys to the gate are symbols .
tr	I	Only outer forces could stop it and the wheel of retribution was spinning up .
tr	O	I lie down but I can 't get my mind off the dream .
tr	I	What you 've asked him to do is very difficult , and it takes a tremendous effort to do even simple things .
tr	I	The sound resembled a whimper , and Terra sighed .
tr	O	She nodded , reaching for the ball , but Andrew 's hand swiped across the table , snatching it up .
tr	I	Cool fear fought the intense heat that had spread throughout her , and when his fingers began to dig into her arm , she gasped .
tr	O	She 'd like to pound the over-sized , macho men , but she didn 't need protection from them .
tr	O	I handed her the .38 and she passed me the Uzi .
tr	I	They become mine , and you touch your guns .
tr	I	Then her attention moved to the bare chest she 'd revealed , and she caught a glimpse of it sailing over the balustrade .
tr	I	The brain does things to compensate but he knew this was complete bull .
tr	I	It hurt to open her eyes , and her head was pounding .
tr	I	Her eyes glinted with malice , and a slow smile spread across Calliope 's face .
tr	I	Sometimes we can 't stop ourselves , but we all know it .
tr	O	My phone chimed , and an image of Sara filled my screen .
tr	O	It would take a long time for her to heal but Celine knew that her little soldier would pull through .
tr	O	He smiled , and there was pride in his eyes .
tr	I	His expression became one of mock surprise , and I emitted a low , rumbling growl .
tr	O	Settling back on his haunches , he pulled his hand out , and there it was .
tr	O	Naturally , it 's not weightlessness , but the experience promised to be astounding .
tr	I	It was about to pay off , and Roman had made an educated guess .
tr	I	His energy jumps , and not until Gabe shifts in his sleep .
tr	O	Lying out on the deck was probably good for his spine , but like most healthy things it was damned uncomfortable at the time .
tr	O	She nodded , too choked up to speak , and realising nothing was going to deter him anyway .
tr	I	I hope you will like her and she is supposed to arrive today .
tr	O	I tip it over and it forms a brick .
tr	O	I turned away , intent on finding somewhere suitable to rest , but Lieutenant Chapman stopped me .
tr	O	Marwan couldn 't imagine leaving his mother like that , but he had a profound sense Aiden was right .
tr	I	She wore a light pink pantsuit with a diamond brooch pinned at the collar and her silver hair was piled on top of her head .
tr	I	I 'd hoped he was right , but I hadn 't totally believed him .
tr	I	Her mother had always insisted her name not be shortened , but he 'd called her Raine in his letter , too .
tr	I	He didn 't answer , but he frowned , his expression fierce .
tr	I	It seemed to take forever , but it was a short walk across the width of the family wing past the library .
tr	O	She turned away , but he reached out to stop her .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure how old he was , but I would place him in his fifties .
tr	I	She lost her chance altogether and she wasn 't sure , though she knew she 'd have to figure it out before the evening ended .
tr	I	It does not end well and you know I have seen movies about guys like you .
tr	O	You don 't have to be her best friend , but I don 't want you interfering with her anymore .
tr	O	I did prefer the long version of my name , but I wasn 't fussy .
tr	I	He can 't say you didn 't level with him but he won 't like it .
tr	O	They had lots of work to do , and we wanted to give them plenty of time to do it .
tr	I	There was no disguising the tremble of his lower lip , but he was trying to put on a brave face .
tr	O	I didn 't know , and I didn 't understand .
tr	O	Although , there was one time we did bond for a split second , but we never talk about it .
tr	O	He stomped and there was the sound of bones breaking .
tr	O	They plead for mercy when they 're punished but they know of no other way to live .
tr	O	They were all new parents , and none of them had a clue what they were doing .
tr	O	She wasn 't quite sure how she would explain her presence if that was the case , but hopefully something would come to mind .
tr	O	I had asked him to help me in my search about Angels in the Shadows and he has just sent me a couple of relevant links .
tr	O	She slapped the reins against the creature 's back , and they zoomed off into the sky .
tr	I	He knew there wasn 't enough time for that , but he 'd want to lead her to the bedroom afterward .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to like the terms , but he had a much better trade in mind .
tr	I	I 'd missed him so much , and it had been so long .
tr	I	I felt her enter me , give herself to me in a glance and Caridad glanced back .
tr	O	None of Vlad 's guards wanted to be responsible for me dying , yet they were all too afraid of him to give me their blood .
tr	O	She surveyed the car and I looked at her in shock .
tr	I	He mocked her with a bow and his lips spread into a thin line .
tr	I	He pulled her into his side , and Michael 's arm came around Lily .
tr	I	I was kissing him back , and then he was kissing me .
tr	O	Winter dampens the earth , and a dampened earth will dampen thought .
tr	O	He looked at me in confusion , and I stared at his handsome face .
tr	I	She had to struggle to keep her hands from shaking and her insides were jittery .
tr	I	The around the clock sentries at the House were only sent out to do an occasional patrol and it was so cold that school was cancelled .
tr	I	The coolness calmed the stinging sensation and it made my arm feel cool .
tr	I	It was like the documents were on fire , and the lights of London bled through the thin paper .
tr	O	At least an hour has passed and there 's still no sign of Summer .
tr	O	Pol finally worked the door open and they filed out onto the path .
tr	O	Shimmering blue eyes met his , and he sucked in a breath .
tr	I	The bear was gone and when Ron returned after the paramedics took Rich 's body away , his room was a shambles .
tr	O	She did not know what would happen but she had to give it a shot .
tr	I	I didn 't dare confront him after that , but Day after day Trenton ignored me .
tr	I	Wendy scarcely acknowledged her niece , but Sebastian smiled at the relief in her voice .
tr	O	As soon as she let go , he slumped back again , but she now knew she could get him upstairs .
tr	I	The knot in my gut is less tight , and the look on his face is less tense .
tr	O	They got out of the car and he led Kara into the building .
tr	O	He despised weakness , and he despised it even more so in himself .
tr	I	His skin felt clammy and his heart was pounding .
tr	I	He pulled me down to the couch to him and his voice was adamant .
tr	I	I allow myself to find comfort in it now , but I know it 's just a child 's tale .
tr	O	The innocent curse didn 't surprise him , but the panicked shock bubbling from it did .
tr	I	I was the first one who she gave an autograph to and she 's also so shy in live like she has been on TV !
tr	O	Their flight to St. Bart 's left in the morning and they would be gone for a full two week honeymoon .
tr	I	It was blue flashing ; but I suspected that all the flashing I could see meant I was losing my vision .
tr	I	Hopefully he would stay here as we go to battle and the demon seemed to be someone we could trust .
tr	I	I was sent up into the clouds for a spring break I wasn 't even sure I wanted , and the city of Chicago floated beneath me .
tr	O	She didn 't want to bother anyone but she wanted to say hello to Jemima .
tr	O	There was already a jumble of bras on the floor , and Georgie was trying on more , facing away from the mirror .
tr	I	The pressure on that wrist started to lighten and she 'd done something to it .
tr	I	Without an X-ray , it was hard to tell , but both indicated a possible fracture .
tr	I	He slowly slides the ponytail holder out of my hair , which falls around my shoulders and his hand reaches up .
tr	I	I crumpled to the floor , and my knees gave out .
tr	I	Her head was spinning and her body was humming .
tr	I	I tried to reach it before he did and my phone rang .
tr	I	I was now inside the house , but Gem was sitting on the edge of the gurney next to me .
tr	I	I thought I would be thorough , but I wasn 't sure what I was looking for .
tr	O	Yes it was a once in a lifetime opportunity , but there were too many of them on the trip .
tr	I	Guri wasn 't about to abandon it , but there was no hope for the fortress .
tr	I	Then seconds later , it began again , but at one point , it stopped ringing .
tr	I	He couldn 't bear to look her in the eyes , and she was watching him again , watching him in that impassive fashion .
tr	O	The fur ball was trapped like a wild animal and he knew it .
tr	O	Maybe I was letting my fear get the better of me , or maybe I was waiting for a perfect moment that didn 't exist .
tr	I	She had slept and her exhausted body had taken over .
tr	O	The vampires stood mesmerized , some with smiles , others with nervous scowls , but all frozen as Draven tried to run .
tr	O	* * The cockpit rocked again , throwing Tristan against his acceleration harness , and all the lights turned red .
tr	O	Callie 's voice floats over my shoulder and my body immediately goes as rigid as a board as emotions rush through me .
tr	O	It may be my purpose to inspire people , but I ruin just as many as I help .
tr	O	It was easy to overcook , and balancing the flavours took real effort .
tr	O	He 's risked his own life to safe one of us , and that makes him all right in my book .
tr	I	It didn 't matter who heard his answer , and we were trapped .
tr	I	I needed it about every other day , and I needed blood .
tr	I	Alissa seemed to think he had changed tenfold but I didn 't really notice much of a change in him because he 'd always been moderately clingy .
tr	O	The sun moved slowly across the sky , and Sarah 's energy seemed to renew with each row .
tr	O	It was just a matter of time and the Choir Boys would have been ousted .
tr	O	I heard a car start up , and headlights cut cones into the night .
tr	I	She pointed to it and the door to the suite was off to her left .
tr	O	She says that she isn 't mad , but why else would she be scrunching down ?
tr	O	Janus hurled the heavy cot at the next man , and the missile hit hard , knocking down several more .
tr	I	Every man with a sword on his waist went searching for the assassin and Richard ran up the stairs to his chamber .
tr	O	His voice was firm and I instantly felt bummed .
tr	I	Rafe suddenly rediscovered his tongue and the voice was sharply bracing .
tr	I	I still didn 't know how I managed it and it only happened five minutes ago .
tr	O	Another problem is the electric fence , but I think to myself that I have a solution to that .
tr	I	She let it take her and she felt another orgasm gathering .
tr	O	That was probably more than he should 've said , but the words escaped before he could judge their wisdom .
tr	I	The pair ducked down its narrow path , and bugs motioned toward a nearby alleyway .
tr	O	Guess you could take the boy out of the street fights , but you couldn 't take the street fighter out of the boy .
tr	O	She was definitely where she should be , and so was he , I would never be there again .
tr	O	Her eyes were starting to adjust and she saw more trees , rows of them .
tr	I	It came as no surprise , and he wasn 't leaving .
tr	O	When she raised her head again there was fire behind her eyes , and it was directed at Ashe .
tr	I	You 're not better than this place , and you 're not better than me .
tr	O	It was then Zook tried to run away , as useless as it was , but it was already too late .
tr	O	Chicago had once thrived as a cattle town , and that legacy lived on today .
tr	I	It didn 't bother me when I was younger , but I 've always been a loner .
tr	O	They 're living together , after all , and I 'm the girl in the middle .
tr	I	When I got back to my room , Anita was gone , but I gathered my things quietly , because Anita was still sleeping .
tr	I	It was done and just a remote programmer put in the hydroelectric plant 's mainframe .
tr	I	His eyes bulged in horror , and the drunken man 's face went pasty white .
tr	I	Caroline 's heart ached for his loss , and she seemed like such a sweet person .
tr	I	Now she was a mistress to a rich man and she 'd married herself off to a rich man .
tr	I	Luke didn 't seem to mind , but I realized how rude I sounded .
tr	I	Several men in EMT jackets jumped out , and an ambulance pulled onto the embankment .
tr	O	Evie perched in the window seat , and as she glanced out of the window , she noticed another , unknown man hanging around .
tr	O	He 'd thought she would come around by now but things were ending up being just the opposite .
tr	I	I joined the circle , and Nell gave me one .
tr	I	I was determined to return the favor and she had never left me .
tr	O	He couldn 't believe it , but his captor was finally dead .
tr	I	She knew she was safe with him around and Pierre touched her on the back , unnoticed by the rest , reminding her that he was there .
tr	O	I now had another black eye after my little ' meeting ' with Poindexter earlier , but the new one wasn 't too bad .
tr	I	I was thinking about her words , but she chuckled at her own bad joke .
tr	I	There were dozens of reasons to discount the idea , but the thought had crossed his mind , of course .
tr	I	I watched as he took a breath to answer my question , and his mouth was a slight horizontal cut into his chiseled face .
tr	I	He couldn 't recall who 'd told him that , but her husband had drowned in a boating accident three years earlier .
tr	O	Ms. Kale must be inside and the door is cracked open .
tr	I	He didn 't answer , but she asked .
tr	I	There was no sign of the Rainbow Bridge , but he glanced up .
tr	I	We did great and we went on a mission .
tr	I	Carefully , forcefully , blew his breath outward and he placed his own mouth on the chill blue lips .
tr	I	His passing would likely go unnoticed but several tables were occupied nearby .
tr	O	Many looked at the impressive arches that followed along the inside perimeter of the courtyard , and they held balconies .
tr	O	He carried no weapon but his fists were clad with steel .
tr	I	He had a hard-on the size of a police baton , and the speaker was a handsome man , probably only twenty years old .
tr	O	You two are thirteen already and I 'm still only twelve .
tr	O	I would accept his conditions for a driver , and he would accept my inability to share my past with him .
tr	I	I let him keep that feeling and he seemed pretty proud of himself .
tr	I	I want to smack it right off his face and Dominic grins at me .
tr	O	She looked like she didn 't actually want to be talking to anyone at the moment but she couldn 't help it .
tr	O	He might not understand just how she 'd accomplish this , but she 'd be there if he really needed her help .
tr	I	I came out to an open field from which I could view the Château in all its majesty , and I walked through the gardens .
tr	O	I did , and she said I could after I picked one more basket of peas .
tr	I	Everything in me aches to kiss her , and a smile curves on the edge of my lips .
tr	O	She wasn 't Elaine , but she fit into this family somehow , someway .
tr	O	Sara abandoned Andrea to his fate and the game of hugs started wearily .
tr	I	Her neck was too stiff to bend , but Louisa tried to nod back .
tr	O	We both arrived at the same time , and a vicious struggle for possession of it took place .
tr	I	She will need someone to trust and to become a Heroine will be a lonely plight .
tr	I	There was a charge in the air , and dark clouds were brewing in the east .
tr	I	They didn 't seem all that interested , but I tried the guys at Scientific American .
tr	O	I came into this world alone and I can handle anything it throws at me .
tr	I	I 've never been unseated and I 've had horses buck on me before .
tr	I	In the far distance gunfire erupted in the still , previously quiet morning air , and a crashing sound accompanied it .
tr	I	I had to put my life in her hands , but I didn 't trust this woman fully .
tr	O	His tongue thrust into her mouth , and arousal flooded through him as he tasted her .
tr	O	That 's just the way it 's always been done and I 'm sure I was no exception .
tr	I	There was no longer any animosity between them , and their roles were different , that was all .
tr	O	I look at Onyx and he just looks at me .
tr	O	She scratched his head and out the door they went .
tr	I	Ms. Roberts would like to offer you a permanent job , and you did a good job .
tr	O	There was never a lack for food and there was never a lack of appetite .
tr	I	They 'll leave and Eric 's sewing up the cut .
tr	I	That was the number my cell phone had logged , but it was too late for the store to be open .
tr	I	At least the beds are comfortable , but I 'm sorry that everyone has to share while they are here .
tr	O	Some became full on quadrilaterals , and many triangles kept their three sided nature .
tr	I	I couldn 't refute it now because it was taking over me , but it was something I never would have believed about her .
tr	I	He can get outdoor seating and I suppose it is one of Doyle 's favorites because it stays open late .
tr	O	I wish I had more to say , but nothing goes on in here .
tr	O	We will do this , and he will do that .
tr	I	Despite everything I was happy to be part of this , and this was not at all where I thought I would ever find myself .
tr	O	After we left the house , I took Savannah back to the beach , and we walked the long stretch of sand until she began to yawn .
tr	O	Something moving caught her attention , and she pointed .
tr	I	She was glad to see it and he grinned .
tr	O	He caught Arik about the waist and they went down hard .
tr	O	Roger had turned out to be a lifesaver and he soon was promoted to manager .
tr	I	With his large hands he gently closed her hand into a fist around the keys , and then he shook his head .
tr	O	Gavin scratches the back of his head , and the chip bag crackles in his hand .
tr	O	They tried hard to persuade him to take an armed escort with him , but this Ezio steadfastly declined to do .
tr	O	Much of his energy seemed to be gone but he was gathering again as he dusted himself off .
tr	O	The drive home was done in silence but Alec didn 't relent on his sexual onslaught .
tr	I	The barrel was wider , but it looked like a shotgun .
tr	I	I dragged in a heavy breath and my head cleared the water .
tr	I	The laughter was bubbling up again , but I was trying to be polite .
tr	O	She was comfortable with the band the way it was , and she never accepted we needed to add somebody new .
tr	I	It didn 't die , but Leo drove his bolt into a vampire 's chest .
tr	I	It doesn 't make all that other stuff go away but I 'm thankful for that .
tr	I	Ellery stood there looking at the booth , and the waitress showed us to our seats .
tr	I	Most things they 'd done had been firsts for her , and she hadn 't been as bold when they were younger .
tr	O	His tan face was painted red , and his chest heaved from the exertion of draining her dry .
tr	I	The hand that surrounded his brain turned from a tingling to heat , but Tom attacked the guard .
tr	O	She ducked , surprised , and I lunged at her .
tr	O	There was no way he didn 't know half the congregation was staring at us , but he held onto my hand .
tr	O	His mouth hovered close to hers and she lifted her chin a bit , waiting for him to kiss her .
tr	I	A five inch blade he kept razor sharp , perfect for skinning deer , and it had an eagle engraved on it .
tr	O	They try to stay objective , but they aren 't stupid .
tr	I	The agony was bursting through her grey eyes , and her face was familiar .
tr	I	It was on the house , and it turned out to be from Harry 's personal stash .
tr	I	She almost swooned and he smiled again .
tr	I	He couldn 't stop thinking about her , but he had spent at least two hours last night trying to get to sleep .
tr	O	Thank God it had been so minor - and thank God Mr. Harris had refused payment .
tr	I	I held him , thinking there was nothing I wouldn 't do for this boy , and he was smiling when he went to sleep .
tr	O	She didn 't want to admit it , but she wasn 't going to deny the truth .
tr	I	I tensed up and she leaned her head into my arm .
tr	O	He groans , and there 's something incredibly rousing about knowing I can make him feel like this without a single physical touch .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but she knew she sounded juvenile .
tr	O	Poseidon met him a few times and he seemed like a kind person .
tr	O	Somewhere a timer went off , and he pulled away from Jenny 's reaching hand .
tr	O	The lounge door opened and an aide leaned in to motion at Neil .
tr	O	I comforted myself with the knowledge that we were close to the Promised Land and now was not the time to give up .
tr	O	My stomach plummeted and I could actually feel my face pale .
tr	I	It plastered to her frame and her shirt was soaked .
tr	I	She was still unmarried , yet I had lost count on how many children she had ; each one by a different father .
tr	I	Kylie knew Derek could sense her emotional turmoil and he smiled tenderly .
tr	O	Beatrice was a short woman of ample proportions , but somehow her contours suggested lightness rather than weight .
tr	O	Click and then he raised the door up .
tr	O	A few minutes passed , and then the answer came .
tr	I	Haddington stopped under each one to hold up the candle and there was a row of paintings hanging from one wall .
tr	O	He 's got a reputation , and you 're a pretty girl .
tr	O	The word changed to ' ringing ' , also not strictly accurate , and then , almost immediately , came to life .
tr	I	Our technicians had no trouble accessing it , but Dr. Wilson 's computer was password protected .
tr	I	He didn 't see a resemblance , but Romain hated to disappoint her .
tr	I	Each time I strained to see the shooter 's face , and it was brutally magnetic as I watched my death repeated .
tr	O	Logan landed two solid punches to Preston 's face , but the Reaper lashed out with his sword , making Logan jump back .
tr	O	In a moment another transport would land under this increased protection , and its own carriers worsen the situation further .
tr	O	March falls in behind him , and I bring up the rear .
tr	I	The telepathy had been the reason he left in the first place , but I know it didn 't make for an ideal way to communicate .
tr	O	The twins ' expressions are more animated and they seem to enjoy the walks in the woods , reaching for all the blossoming colors .
tr	I	Her mother had always prevented it , but she had been naturally curious before .
tr	I	The telescope rolled to face their destination , and atop the telescope the crystal ball glowed .
tr	O	The clocks are ticking and their parts are turning .
tr	O	That there had to be an end somewhere in sight , but the waves of hurt just kept coming , rolling over me , suffocating me .
tr	I	I 'm right here and I 'm your daughter .
tr	I	He must have found it in her bag , but she 'd forgotten that she even had it .
tr	O	I told myself it was just like a diving board at a pool and there was nothing to be afraid of .
tr	O	My body felt numb and I couldn 't focus .
tr	O	He gazed into my face and his thumb moved over my lower lip again .
tr	O	I waited to see if my body relaxed , but it didn 't .
tr	O	Mrs Roman was thought of very highly by the family , and they wouldn 't appreciate Evie talking down to her .
tr	I	He knew it , and he was bait .
tr	O	He opened his arms to me and I eagerly crawled back into bed .
tr	I	I don 't know anything about you , but you know all about me .
tr	O	He climbed to his feet , and they all stood with him .
tr	I	They didn 't stop him from swinging that pole again , but there were tears in his eyes .
tr	I	Dirge limped into the safety of the stall and under him the gate opened .
tr	O	I 've got a perfect record , but there are a lot of low level guys with perfect records .
tr	I	He kept buzzing and no one answered .
tr	O	All Cameron had to do was lift her , and he 'd have her lying flat upon it .
tr	I	You said nothing , and you kept him , then you gave him up to strangers .
tr	I	It looked good on her and she had put on five pounds .
tr	O	You besieged our town , and we held you off .
tr	I	Serenity walked in , her mouth dropping open and Sebastian used a keycard to open the door .
tr	O	Yes , Cameron has control of my body , but he doesn 't have control of my mind .
tr	O	There was a small tent in the backpack next to her sleeping bag but she rarely bothered to unpack it unless the weather was crappy .
tr	I	I had my mother tell him I was sick , and he called several times over the next few days .
tr	O	She had no idea she had knocked at the devil 's door and he 'd invited her in .
tr	I	I wanted to kill him and the intensity of the moment added energy to my grip .
tr	I	When a ruler dies , the land seeks out someone else powerful , and I 'd killed him in battle .
tr	O	It 's still fairly dark , and Jase holds a steadying hand to my waist as we clamber over the huge crooked stones .
tr	I	I thanked whatever deity was out there that he hadn 't , but I don 't know how he didn 't see me .
tr	I	I could feel his breath against my temple when he spoke and when the ground leveled off , he pulled me to him .
tr	O	Beau shook his head , but he started the boat .
tr	I	Pleasure still pulsed within her , and her body was still flushed .
tr	O	Something that stood out , but I couldn 't tell what it was .
tr	O	She tried to remember his name , but she didn 't have time .
tr	O	His shirt was rumpled , rolled to the elbows , and his white hair stuck up like a fright wig .
tr	I	Sometimes I feel out of my depth when Max 's friends are around , but Johnny 's a decent guy .
tr	I	The thickly frosted grass was cold under my bare feet , and I slipped off the mare .
tr	I	His mind was shocked at the realization , but he made it a statement .
tr	O	I go downstairs , and the barkeep doesn 't even look up .
tr	O	She passed him the end of the Marat rope , and Tavi threaded it through the eye on the end of the spike .
tr	O	Her dress was a statement , and he would never fully be capable of putting his gratitude for it into words .
tr	O	The compliment seemed to make her mad , and she pulled her hands away to reach for her tools .
tr	I	With an effort she pulled her mouth from his , and Jenny felt herself sinking into the sweet , sensual whirlpool of his desire .
tr	I	Even though Knox knew she was trying to mask it , her friend 's deceit had hurt her and the last part was said softly .
tr	I	She shivered and he breathed lightly over her slick pulsing core .
tr	O	There were a million things she could say but she didn 't know which to say first .
tr	O	He knew I wouldn 't lie , and I felt he wanted to know more .
tr	I	Night Walker was missed around the campfire , and these stories were the fabric that made up their beliefs .
tr	O	Her eyelids fluttered and her vision dimmed .
tr	I	You can just walk in , and the King 's men will be in the town .
tr	I	Lights flashed and sirens shrieked .
tr	O	There were times I thought she hated me , and in that moment , I knew she did .
tr	I	He idly strokes my outstretched leg , and I lean a little toward him .
tr	O	I eye the door , willing him to come out , but it stays shut .
tr	I	He looked down at Sarah 's face , and his eyes flew wide with shock .
tr	I	This technology goes back to the 1960 's and this is a fascinating read .
tr	O	They approached the door and she knocked .
tr	I	She had taken over and I had lost control over my powers .
tr	O	I pressed my thumbs into his eyeballs and he swatted me away like a bug .
tr	I	I giggled , and he looked around like he wasn 't sure what to do .
tr	I	We have ourselves another dead body and you come back to town .
tr	O	She knew she was grasping at straws , but at this point , she was willing to try almost anything .
tr	I	I waved a halfhearted greeting anyway , but the guy didn 't seem all that interested in meeting me .
tr	I	We are off to the airport , and Everything is loaded into the van .
tr	I	The walls looked ready to crumble and whole sections of its roof were missing .
tr	O	The colors around her had shifted slightly more purple , but they still shone with a light that came from within her .
tr	I	You 'll have to pull straight A 's for the rest of the semester , and it kills your wiggle room .
tr	I	Matt gets into the driver 's seat , and we 're standing at the front of the car .
tr	I	Tossing her head with flashing eyes , but she asked , no longer meek .
tr	I	Sometimes you can 't help the way you feel , but I didn 't want to worry about him doing that .
tr	O	They rocked and she snuggled closer , tucking her feet up under her skirt .
tr	I	I didn 't want to be , but I was relieved .
tr	I	Feel you tingle upon my lips , And I breath in deep your tempting wisps .
tr	I	We stared at each other for a few moments , unsure what to say next , and Raquel swallowed so hard I could hear it .
tr	I	She would implode or she needed release .
tr	I	Recently I 've been the target of all her attacks , and Savannah 's one of the meanest girls at our school .
tr	O	The bags were put into Ken 's cart , and they went outside .
tr	I	Once again , I am impressed with her and her stare is unwavering .
tr	I	We talked and she sat me down .
tr	I	He wasn 't good with numbers , but not because there were so many .
tr	I	She could sense the life around her and her awareness continued to expand farther out .
tr	I	Julian wasn 't eating at all and he wasn 't eating much .
tr	I	She couldn 't talk around that damn tube , but she tried to protest .
tr	O	Scott glanced at her , startled , but for once he had the good sense not to say anything .
tr	O	Dad 's eyes open wide , and he blows out a breath .
tr	O	The pupils of her eyes were white with cataracts , but she stared directly at Evans as though she could see him anyway , somehow .
tr	O	On each of the desk 's four corners there were markings , like needles of a compass , and one of them pointed in the wrong direction .
tr	I	His threat was still ringing in my ears , but I wanted to scream .
tr	I	A short , sturdy man holding a lantern emerged , and a light appeared at one of the stable doors .
tr	O	I felt the blood soaking into my shoes , and then I heard my mother scream .
tr	O	It was cold too , really cold , and the difference was extreme , like when you step from a hot bath onto a tiled floor .
tr	I	Both were guarded , and there were only two entrances .
tr	I	We are not sure what exactly happened to Victoria and the cause isn 't clear yet .
tr	I	She didn 't want to ever have to do that again and she 'd completely depended on a man once in her life .
tr	I	Here it was , but funny , he hadn 't thought they 'd find common ground .
tr	O	Her smell was intoxicating , and he breathed it in deeply .
tr	O	Most of what happened came from Zayne , but Abbot wanted to hear the details of the demon intervention from me .
tr	O	He was wearing his usual suit , and he smiled when he saw Tracy .
tr	O	She 'd always been happy with Alexander , with being his wife , with being his co-author , but now she was none of those things .
tr	I	They seemed engrossed in conversation and their heads were close together .
tr	I	We looked up at the stars glimmering in the ceiling , and I cut the daylight .
tr	O	I still looked like me , but I felt completely different .
tr	O	Maya helped her with a birthday card and it went into the mail early last week .
tr	I	I can 't stop myself and my h * ps buck .
tr	O	Takeshi had an easier time adapting to being a cyborg than I thought he would , and he was already torturing Maria with his increased physical abilities .
tr	I	Both angels were now bleeding , panting , and the fight had lasted half an hour .
tr	O	It wasn 't booming and it wasn 't decrepit .
tr	O	She almost asked him where he needed to rush off to , but it was the kind of thing a girlfriend needed to know .
tr	O	I listened carefully , but comprehension failed me .
tr	O	Azalea had thought about buying a pair just like them but she was saving her money for college .
tr	O	She 'd gotten them back , of course , but he could easily have made copies .
tr	I	She had perfect features , right down to her button nose and her long blonde hair fell in tight ringlets around her face .
tr	I	The angle was marred , but Brent turned , pushing his face against the window , struggling to see whatever the man was now staring at .
tr	I	He kept coming , still laughing , but I tried to flee from him .
tr	O	The dust boiled behind us , and I lost sight of them .
tr	O	Originally the room was under my parents ' names , but they should have switched it to mine .
tr	I	If my nervous biting hadn 't worn it off by now , nothing would , but I knew I was probably smudging my lipstick .
tr	I	A decision has been made , but compare egos all you wish .
tr	O	His expression was filled with remorse , yet I saw determination in his gaze .
tr	I	His face had darkened and his smile had faded .
tr	I	It passed , but for a moment the girl thought she saw a wave of sorrow wash across the angel 's face .
tr	I	Every time I looked down , my vision slanted , but I concentrated on planting my feet on the line .
tr	I	I run out into the hall and my hands drop to my sides .
tr	O	Cassandra was lucky and she knew it .
tr	O	I knew that moving back to town wasn 't ideal , but without any money , it was my only option .
tr	O	The two men exchanged a look , and I took a step towards the door .
tr	I	I never suspected how far she would go to ensure it , but I knew she wanted me to join her on the Council .
tr	I	I ran , the sound of boots hitting the grass all around me and the lights clicked off .
tr	I	My toes ached from the cold , and my shoes were full of water .
tr	O	I drop the suit , grossed out , and Maddy laughs again .
tr	I	He was also fiercely loyal to those close to him , but Ares ' muscled frame was tall , his attitude fierce .
tr	O	He was none too clean , and his breath was like the odor from a freshly reopened grave .
tr	O	He 'd been looking forward to hunting bucks in Switzerland for years , and he 'd finally chosen this year for that occasion .
tr	I	We kissed each other eagerly and I slipped my tongue into her mouth .
tr	O	They love you , and we do too .
tr	I	I 'm curious as to why and he 's been talking to the young woman for some time now .
tr	I	His arms were around her , holding her tight , but Wave after wave rocked her body .
tr	I	She wasn 't so sure about herself , but maybe he could deal with the situation .
tr	I	His cognitive faculties had been steadily improving , but he didn 't really notice it .
tr	O	I know the building didn 't end up exploding , but I really do thank her for getting me out .
tr	O	Lucas was quiet for a while , and I wasn 't sure that he would answer me .
tr	I	Her legs wouldn 't move , but Zoey tried to take a step backward .
tr	I	It had always stood her in good stead and that was advice Virginia had given her as a child .
tr	I	Most of the time she lost control , and she found it hard to stop herself from snapping at him .
tr	O	Even when I was driving , it took only fifteen minutes , and Jacob drove faster than I did .
tr	O	We can 't change that it wasn 't the place it should have been for us , but we can create something for ourselves .
tr	O	He still couldn 't tell anyone but he decided to find out everything about Ghana .
tr	I	I don 't think he is , and I 'm not that good though .
tr	I	I didn 't understand what was happening when I Awakened and it was like he was drawn .
tr	O	He noted coldly , and he got a cold smile in return .
tr	O	I took a look a little while ago , crept right up to the bed and she was almost snoring .
tr	O	His words were confident , but his suit was sweating .
tr	I	She can 't see it , yet she 's deserves so much better than that .
tr	I	The magic was Oliver Russell , and Everything was touched with magic .
tr	I	I was instantly filled with sweet , satisfying relief and my jaw dropped to the floor .
tr	O	She snarled at him inside my head , and the sound trickled out my mouth .
tr	I	Asher is hovering over me and I 'm rolled to my back .
tr	O	Her momentum carried her back toward the ledge , and Haven twisted her body to face the landing .
tr	O	He was one of the founder members of ' Home Meadow ' and it was his family that really owned the land .
tr	I	Abby seemed very interested about his stories and Laurence was talking about his dance competitions .
tr	I	He groaned aloud , and she gave a tentative rotation .
tr	O	It was uncertain whether she thought Nikolas was an oddity , or she was about to ask him to save her from the sheriff .
tr	O	The day will come when Skyla chooses me , but I feel like shit crushing Logan on the way to get there .
tr	O	Faith glanced up and her eyes widened when she saw him .
tr	O	Then we heard an enormous smash from upstairs , and we rushed up to see what was happening .
tr	I	Jones always seemed to sense his presence , always acknowledged him , but most folks would not have been aware that Walker was there .
tr	I	I don 't think there was anything I could have said that would help , and I didn 't know what to say .
tr	O	The girl smiled , showing her own complete set of teeth , and her eyes glowed with a fierce blue light .
tr	O	I start the bike , but Cole just stands there .
tr	I	I 've seen him disappear somewhere over there on more than one occasion but I 've never gone inside with him .
tr	O	Madrigal couldn 't hear what was said , but she could imagine it .
tr	I	She couldn 't let go but Relief started sliding through her .
tr	O	Sometimes I 'd wake him up and sometimes I 'd let him sleep .
tr	I	I couldn 't break free but I grabbed his wrists .
tr	O	They put a torch to the hay , and the animals started to fret something awful .
tr	O	Jane walked down to the town with her and they parted at the bottom of Market Street .
tr	I	He doesn 't argue , but the corners of his mouth twitch .
tr	O	Coach Ajax carrying me out of the trees and putting me on a stretcher that was attached to the back of a snowmobile .
tr	O	It was four exhausting hours before an agreement was reached and Rome was finally able to wrap up the meeting .
tr	O	I had asked the lunch lady for an extra dessert yesterday and she gave it to me for free .
tr	O	He reassured her , but she wasn 't buying it .
tr	O	Beorn talked bravely , but his voice joined in with his body to still betray the fatigue of his soul .
tr	I	He wanted me to have it and he did love that car .
tr	I	I twisted my lips and my shoulders slumped .
tr	O	He didn 't answer , but Kylie knew what he meant .
tr	I	She could tell he was just as nervous as she was and he sounded eager for the meeting .
tr	O	He took her hand and they walked toward the house .
tr	I	I 've let them in with no questions and they 've accepted me with open arms .
tr	O	He had indeed traveled through China , but it had been nearly four hundred years ago .
tr	I	There was a hot pink bra thrown on the center of my floor , and I hadn 't thought to clean up my room .
tr	O	The church lights were dimmed , and everyone lit their candles .
tr	I	Some of the crowd did as well , and he chuckled .
tr	I	Nobody ever asked and nobody could figure how .
tr	O	I can 't stand the monotony that my life was , but with you it will never be boring again .
tr	O	It was a gunshot and kids started to run .
tr	O	I push back against him and I can feel him smiling .
tr	I	They needed the rest , and Dawn was only a few hours away .
tr	O	Tiny blossoms were already appearing and the branches of trees were full of emerging buds .
tr	I	Winkler was important everywhere , but her dad was an important man in Boise .
tr	I	It had me wondering if they knew who I was , but I didn 't hear the one who said this .
tr	O	I doubt I 'm his though , and it has to be a two-way thing really .
tr	O	He couldn 't quite remember the description , but the person must certainly have had one .
tr	I	The voices stopped and a flashlight clicked on .
tr	I	That wasn 't the case at all , but I 'd accused him of bailing .
tr	I	I was going to enjoy doing it , and I was about to call his bluff .
tr	O	I never really thought about dating him , and I certainly didn 't want to date him now .
tr	O	She 'd spent a month training with them one burning summer , and her muscles still ached at the memory of their grueling exercises .
tr	I	It was wonderful to bask in his caring and he cared about her .
tr	I	Her large bosom wobbled , and Mrs. Williams laughed .
tr	I	He could manage , but it was uncomfortable .
tr	O	It was dark and she didn 't know why that seemed wrong .
tr	I	Sims entered and Evie could have screamed when there was a knock on the door .
tr	I	Gabe plucks it from my fingers and I hold up Sean 's card .
tr	O	Add Blake to the list , and he might never heal .
tr	O	He brushed a kiss over her forehead , and she closed her eyes on a moan .
tr	O	I wanted to help Sean , but Dec dragged me with him .
tr	O	The shattered section of the shelf 's edge remained misty , but there was no mistaking a feature missing from that distant landscape .
tr	O	Grace 's eyes narrowed , and I wished I knew what she was thinking .
tr	O	I completely lost control of the car and we were right at that sharp corner .
tr	I	She ignored them for the dagger that lay on top , but there were clothes inside .
tr	O	The game had ended and we won five to two .
tr	I	Riva smiled , and they clasped forearms briefly .
tr	I	He wove a path around loose blocks and his gaze was drawn to the fireplace .
tr	I	Blake stepped in and the elevator door opened .
tr	I	It was 2 in the morning and Mandi looked down at her iPhone .
tr	O	Ethan 's breath hitches in his throat and it startles me .
tr	O	It lasts for a full fortnight , and the revelry can get quite ... out of hand .
tr	I	I shook my head , and he said .
tr	I	We were processing the last of the ice cream and the harvest was in .
tr	O	His first pitch was not too fast , but poor Bo was already shaking by the time the ball crossed home plate .
tr	I	She unhooked the chain and Perdita reached back around her neck .
tr	I	That dark blue shirt looked so clean , but she held her floured covered hands up wanting to embrace him .
tr	I	Again I could only form a choked croak , but I raised my head to call her name .
tr	O	Waves are crushing the ship 's hull and men are falling overboard .
tr	O	He was watching her closely , very closely and she was fairly certain he knew she was lying .
tr	O	The champagne he 'd ordered sat on the table , and he popped the cork himself , pouring them both a glass .
tr	O	The backs of her eyes burned , but she was out of tears .
tr	I	He fully understands the situation , and I 've talked with Brand .
tr	O	If she were put aside , she would be ruined , reviled , and this the friend could not allow .
tr	I	One was her father and one was her lover .
tr	I	Her name was written on it in tiny letters but its worn leather cover didn 't have a title .
tr	I	The memories poured out and the door blew open .
tr	I	She kept talking , but that shadow of darkness loomed .
tr	I	An echo of one she had already paid him , and such a simple compliment .
tr	O	It looks like the lead-acid batteries that father sometimes used , but it is coated in a thick shell of pure titanium .
tr	O	He attempted to put on a welcome smile for the man entering his office -- but that was before he saw who it was .
tr	O	Bill 's fangs were out and his eyes were glowing .
tr	O	The greenery closed in on her , and her head spun .
tr	O	I keep trying to imagine one , but I can 't think of anything .
tr	O	He felt a scream rising from low down in his chest , but he fought to suppress it .
tr	O	Her stomach clenched , and she opened her legs further , giving him more access .
tr	O	I whined at the end , but I couldn 't help it .
tr	I	His word was law , and my dad was absolutely the head of the household .
tr	O	Some servants were brought here , and those who no longer appeared to be under the influence of the Elixir escaped into the woods .
tr	I	The inside of her nose began to tingle , and her eyes filled with angry , furious tears .
tr	O	The lights flickered again , and this time went out .
tr	I	They too were beginning to disappear , but only a few patches of brown hair still clung to the sides of his head above his ears .
tr	I	Some photos would accompany Jason 's letter , but she would keep most of the images private .
tr	O	I can take you if you like , but we 'll have to leave right away .
tr	I	I applaud your bold tactics , and you have succeeded Base Administrator .
tr	O	There is a very specific way that they must be put on , and we 've been doing it this way since I was a kid .
tr	I	He leans back to watch as his fingers drive me toward the edge , and his lips suddenly leave mine .
tr	O	We always seem like children when humans first meet us , but we 're not children .
tr	I	The surprise on her face made him sad for some reason , and he gave her a quick nod .
tr	O	Another rock hit him , and he flung his arms overhead , struggling to maintain his balance .
tr	I	The quiet was a heady thing and I stood next to him holding up the loose plank .
tr	I	Her tentacles loosened and the monster convulsed .
tr	O	They were hampered by close quarters , but there were a lot of them .
tr	I	I twirled a strand around my finger and my hand flew to my hair absentmindedly .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure I could handle what else was in there , and I had no interest in scavenging through the mind of a psychopath .
tr	I	He was there every night I woke up at 3 a.m. , but he worked two jobs , sixteen hour days .
tr	O	There were tables already filling up and I had a job to do .
tr	O	Since it was well past ten , the clinic should be closed , but there was a light burning inside .
tr	O	The painters were finishing up the rooms downstairs , and the wallpaper for the baby 's room was already hung .
tr	O	I could see problems ahead but they didn 't materialise , until now .
tr	O	Maybe people think it , but they just don 't say it .
tr	O	I looked to Much , and he shook his head .
tr	O	I took it , and he pulled me to my feet .
tr	O	She was a good listener and even though her lucidity came in erratic spurts , she 'd been a boon to talk to .
tr	O	Zane rolled Ty until they both tumbled off the couch and Ty was sprawled on the floor , Zane straddling him .
tr	O	She shook her head so emphatically that her hair came tumbling over her shoulder , but her eyes were dancing with merriment .
tr	O	I was pulled to my feet and we were all pushed out through the doors into the hallway .
tr	I	Looking back on them now they seem like only the run-up to the United Irishmen , but the next few years seemed very full at the time .
tr	I	I hear a noise and he opens his mouth .
tr	O	His legs were crossed , and with all his gear on looked to Chick like some sort of American Indian chief .
tr	O	I only have to say your name and you want me .
tr	O	he asked and she nodded .
tr	O	Dan was intimidating , and Brian , well , he tried .
tr	O	Mayor Tate 's eyes widened at the gesture , but his expression turned back to business fast enough .
tr	I	I said no , and Ron asked fearfully .
tr	I	Eventually he dozed , but it took some time to calm his mind .
tr	I	I looked into a little room , hardly more than a cupboard , with shelves all up the wall on one side and he opened a door .
tr	I	She never said I was there , but she said he 'd been rafting .
tr	O	The land was barren and the atmosphere was even more so .
tr	I	Her fingers dug into her palms and her hands ran over her arms .
tr	O	There seemed to be a voice that went along with the saying , as well , but I had no idea who it could be .
tr	O	She gave him the phone , but she didn 't move away .
tr	O	He starts again , taking my hair and he thrusts deeper into my mouth .
tr	O	No fey walked the sidewalks , and the road seemed eerily abandoned .
tr	O	He 's hurting , and I can tell .
tr	I	He had lived in New York a long time now , but Magnus had always thought of himself as a rolling stone .
tr	I	His aloof behavior made her feel nervous , but Kaylee was glad that he was remembering .
tr	I	Believing we had the time advantage , but we walked cautiously through the front rooms , cognizant of the twitching , awakening things on the floor .
tr	I	They should never have gone after the innocent , but it was one thing for his family to punish him .
tr	I	She desperately tried not to pass out and the throb in her head pounded relentlessly .
tr	I	I couldn 't move and I was on a hard table .
tr	O	His name was Mister Clyde Hawkins and his wife seemed a great cook at making eats .
tr	O	Apparently goodbyes had been spoken , and everyone was getting on about their business .
tr	O	It had likely been reported as stolen already , and the police would be sure to be on the lookout .
tr	O	She could hear Isabelle 's worried intake of breath , and Raphael of course did not breathe at all .
tr	O	The easygoing guy I 'd met earlier was gone , but I guess being attacked would do that to you .
tr	I	I hated sitting here at dinner , waiting to ask , and I longed to make this girl my wife .
tr	I	He saw the look of horror on her face when she saw the bandage , and he finally got the sheets up .
tr	I	She confided to me that she had a crush on the cute guy from Poughkeepsie and I had a sudden flashback to the summer Nettie turned twenty-two .
tr	O	My jaw tensed and my teeth ground together as I held back the urge to vomit all over their feet .
tr	O	Auntie has no issues with personal space , and I have to smother a laugh when I see his face pressed against her considerable bosom .
tr	I	I wondered if it would come to a fight , and we stood there , locked in antagonism .
tr	O	The nations of the earth were watching the worlds two mightiest military powers square up to each other , and their minds turned to self preservation .
tr	O	I was scared but that was passing .
tr	I	Sebastian gave me another winning smile , but I frowned , wondering what he meant .
tr	O	Her eyes burned with rage , and she was doing everything in her power to remain seated .
tr	I	To die like that , but J.D. had been ill ?
tr	I	His heart raced , and his palms were sweaty .
tr	I	I thought I 'd step in , but I guess it was normal at this age .
tr	I	They will bring more zombies with them and you call them this way .
tr	O	The room was a velvet glove , but the iron fist was not far distant .
tr	I	I slumped against the strong , comforting form of Simon and my legs gave way .
tr	O	We need their government stable , and that means ensuring this girl 's safety .
tr	I	The moonlight spilled softly across the bed , and the drapes were open .
tr	O	Their owner was either telling the truth or the stage had missed a major talent .
tr	O	My eyes snapped open and my chest froze as I felt a body behind me .
tr	O	Another wave of jitters swept through her , but she could see no reason for it .
tr	I	My head was spinning and my breathing was ragged .
tr	I	Only his warmth could bring her back to life and she 'd been out in the cold too long .
tr	O	I will capture this target and General Tani will be pleased .
tr	O	He was nestled in the cradle of her thighs , and every tiny movement of her h * ps sent lightning through his system .
tr	O	Chapter 8 Azalea didn 't think it was possible but she hated Halloween even more now .
tr	O	I grabbed her wrist and flung it off me .
tr	I	I shrugged my shoulders , and he looked up at me .
tr	I	Now he was leaving , and Ry had come to be an anchor for me .
tr	I	We 've got no response on any channels and just about all communications are down .
tr	I	The others cheered as he was inducted into their ranks and he almost choked on the thick substance before swallowing it down .
tr	I	As I look up , I see Ian instead , but I begin .
tr	O	I stepped back and he tried to rush past me toward the door .
tr	O	It changed to a crowd and the crowd became a mob .
tr	I	I turned around , and cried Noelle .
tr	I	His eyebrows rose indicating that he told me so , and he just had a smart-ass grin across his face .
tr	I	Even if he had , he wouldn 't have questioned it , but Joseph hadn 't known her intent to go through labor alone .
tr	I	She strained to see down through the blue moonlit trees , and something in the valley called her name .
tr	O	He felt like crying already , and Dad hadn 't said anything .
tr	O	It wouldn 't kill him , but it definitely did the trick .
tr	O	His eyes showed his longing as he met her gaze again and he noted her actions .
tr	O	A little burble of disbelieving laughter slipped from her lips , and she covered her mouth with dismay at the hysterical sound .
tr	O	The word ' temple ' suggests a priesthood , and sometimes priests haven 't got a very firm grip on reality .
tr	O	The bird landed on Eva and she gave her a nut .
tr	I	It didn 't move at all , but I tried to speak to it .
tr	O	I couldn 't remember the last time I 'd lain down during the day , but I was feeling very strange .
tr	I	She slid her arms about his neck , molding herself against his iron chest , and he released her .
tr	O	His eyes were open , staring into space and his hair seemed even more frizzy .
tr	I	We started for the house , and I jumped on his back .
tr	I	You put them in their place , and anyone fucks with you , Race .
tr	O	Her head sagged to one side and her eyes were open .
tr	I	I wanted to be as rested as I could but I knew that sleep was going to be optimistic .
tr	O	An unfamiliar room surrounded him , and a black dog slept with its head resting on the other pillow .
tr	I	The Island was mostly deserted , and much of New York City was now underwater .
tr	O	I had a moment to take him in before he turned to me , and for just a second , I felt weak at the knees again .
tr	O	My eyes popped open with a start and I found myself glancing maniacally around the hall , heart hammering a mad beat in my chest .
tr	O	Yes , he put his hands to his cheeks , and he no longer needed a shave .
tr	O	It 's something he always tried , but there was no way the electricity running through me would allow that .
tr	O	Charles stopped talking and his eyes narrowed briefly .
tr	O	There was a terrible taste in my mouth and I was dying for a drink of water .
tr	O	I could feel my eyes getting heavy , and sleep would have easily come if Loki didn 't keep shaking me .
tr	O	Oh , she didn 't delude herself into thinking she 'd broken the code on all of his tactics , but she was pretty good now .
tr	I	She ignored it , but a voice in her mind continued to nag at her to let Aunt Marilyn in on her secret .
tr	I	I have to , but I 'm sorry .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure why , and the sound called to me .
tr	O	She reached for me , but I stepped back .
tr	O	I tried talking to him but he doesn 't talk much .
tr	I	An organ strummed lightly from within the church and the lights were dimmed low .
tr	O	The elevator dinged , and as we exited , she gave me a knowing smile .
tr	I	I nodded , and said Walter .
tr	I	His expression was somber and his face was thin .
tr	O	I hand him my lighter , and when he 's finished he tosses it into the ravine .
tr	I	The worry line creasing his forehead was still present , but he returned my smile .
tr	I	Inner beauty lasts forever , but outer beauty fades away .
tr	I	She could feel his heat all the way to her bones , but she couldn 't see him , even peripherally .
tr	I	It was like a shark grinning , and he smiled .
tr	I	I could hear again , and my ears popped .
tr	O	His touch is scorching my skin through the layers of fabric and I inhale so fast my lungs collapse .
tr	O	His heart beat soared and the thumping sounded in his ears .
tr	O	Her gaze shot to his , and her eyes widened with astonishment .
tr	O	She tried to pry my fingers off her wrist , but she didn 't have much luck .
tr	O	The elevator opened , and we all stepped in .
tr	I	Merrill backed up another step and claws formed on my fingers .
tr	O	Its nasal cavity was as twisted as a snail shell , and its jaw was filled with mismatched teeth that would plague a dentist 's darkest dreams .
tr	I	That was saying something , because Janet had made her favorite , a rich cheesecake laced with chocolate , and Luna barely tasted dessert .
tr	I	Examining it from every angle and picking apart the prince 's every command .
tr	I	His body screamed with tension , but her hero lowered his sword .
tr	O	This is my world , and these are my characters .
tr	I	It was nearly there , and Killian wanted it to be fully dark .
tr	O	You said we were headed for bliss today , and you were right .
tr	I	She kept her face perfectly still , but her whole body was shaking .
tr	I	I reluctantly turn around and Luke calls out my name .
tr	O	We know Sebastian 's plan , and he has to be stopped .
tr	I	They told me he was on assignment but I wanted him to get in touch with Meadows .
tr	I	He seemed about to speak to Garrett , and Ezra 's eyes widened as he looked at Jack .
tr	O	It had taken weeks to gather the necessary men for the job , and Talon had arrived the night before with the last two .
tr	I	That meant that he knew exactly what shutting her out would do , and Dean knew Lia better than any of us .
tr	I	Mentally let go of the threads holding her self-control together and she nodded slowly .
tr	O	I even wiggled my fingers , but I couldn 't quite reach .
tr	O	He smiled as his shirt fell down between us and I frowned , lifting up the fabric .
tr	I	I lie down in the bed and ten minutes after the pills go down my throat , drowsiness takes over .
tr	I	The smaller of the aliens started to sweat again , and George idly turned the food around in his hands .
tr	I	Everyone turned their attention towards their commander-in-chief and the bickering stopped .
tr	I	Then her first love had thrown her over , and both parents had deserted her .
tr	I	I will shoot or do it slowly .
tr	I	She stifled a gasp , and her eyes widened .
tr	I	Nothing is done illegally and this is highly protected .
tr	O	He was as inscrutable as ever , and I was left alone with myself .
tr	O	My stomach tumbled , and for a moment I thought I was going to hurl .
tr	I	She didn 't want to take any chances , but she couldn 't tell .
tr	O	Ben hadn 't noticed how smelly he was getting , but as far as he knew , no one else had noticed either .
tr	O	His face was red again , but he came forward willingly enough .
tr	I	Deckard was exhausted from the effort and the effort was great .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure if she could , but she wanted to believe Meredith .
tr	O	Enough to destroy the drive and any information stored on there .
tr	O	If they found anything in their investigation , it could end up leading them to us and we might spend the rest of our life behind bars .
tr	O	His carry on bag was on the floor near the sofa , but there was no indication anyone slept in the room .
tr	I	I was suddenly overcome by a firestorm of jealousy , and as I drove past them , her round belly registered in my brain .
tr	O	It made me really uncomfortable to watch them and I was grateful when it was their turn .
tr	I	We all had dinner together that night , and it was seldom for both of them to be home at the same time .
tr	O	I hand the football back to her , but she pushes it in my hands .
tr	O	The long , slow waves seemed almost like molten silver in the pale light , and their stately pace was oddly hypnotic .
tr	I	The hatred burns in her eyes , but her lips turn upward .
tr	O	The pair had long since gone , but something else had taken their place .
tr	O	I waited for Roth , but he never showed .
tr	I	Alonso wasn 't amazed by the plan itself , but the members kept on going .
tr	O	The radio station might be saying it came out of nowhere , but Monty figured that by now everyone in Lakeside realized where this storm came from .
tr	O	She was babysitting a coffee mug , but the liquid inside was milky brown , with a pile of marshmallows floating on top .
tr	O	I had seen evil firsthand , and I believed it was real .
tr	O	My hair flies into my face and I push it away in vain .
tr	I	She twisted around in time to see the small figure of a child race up the stairs and something shoved past her .
tr	I	I get the feeling nothing is going to be enough , but I can hear Grandma throwing out every argument she has .
tr	I	She hadn 't , but she could have .
tr	O	Then , Payton landed a right hook on Lea 's head , but Lea surprised Payton when a hook landed on her body .
tr	O	We had often talked of having children and here was a golden opportunity .
tr	I	That was no reason to take them seriously , but they might be interesting .
tr	I	He has even less interest in his people getting pulled into the public 's fear of vampires , and he wasn 't happy about making the announcement .
tr	O	I allowed that I did not mind , and he came in .
tr	O	She bit down on her lip to keep from moaning out loud , but the intense pain made it impossible to keep silent .
tr	I	He would make a run for it and he hoped he could have it backed up near the trees .
tr	O	I know we both lost our mother 's around the same time , different circumstances , but you have your sisters .
tr	I	I didn 't break them , but I stretched them a bit .
tr	O	His fingers massaged reflexively into the softness and she moaned softly in response .
tr	I	Her feet wouldn 't move no matter how hard she tried to make them , but she wanted to go closer , desperate to see Carmine .
tr	I	It wasn 't him , but thinking it was Marcus , I was going to cut the damn phone off .
tr	I	Honestly , I wasn 't sure I could deal with going into Wide Mouth right now either , and I understood .
tr	O	I think they knew that in the long run I 'd regret it , and they were probably right .
tr	I	Both of them jumped and the phone rang .
tr	O	There were no cheerleaders , and he had cursed Arnie many times for that lie .
tr	I	The Wanderer took the bait , and I tried to act more stunned than I really was .
tr	I	I could feel the vibrations soaking into my skin , and his voice was so low it rumbled .
tr	O	While he was lost in his grief , we found out the FBI had an interest in me , and its investigation soon snowballed .
tr	I	The way his hand was shaking , it seemed fishy to me , but he didn 't see me looking at him .
tr	O	The crow seemed to look away a moment but its near eye soon came back to Taro .
tr	I	I look down into her eyes and I feel her head move .
tr	I	Natasha had already muscled her way to the front but I opened my mouth .
tr	O	She laughed , and I shuddered .
tr	I	She was positive she had never met him before , and he was not someone one was likely to forget meeting .
tr	I	I snapped my fingers and an idea crept in .
tr	O	Trina glared , then turned away , but the smirk never left her lips .
tr	I	Then starts murmuring into the phone , and the waitress shrugs , as if to say , ' suit yourself ' .
tr	I	A few wealthy families took advantage of it , and they offered designer babies for a premium price .
tr	O	As of now it 's three against one and those odds are surely not in my favor .
tr	O	His hand gripped the handle , but instead of opening it , he locked it .
tr	O	A chorus of chuckles hit the group , and Brodie sat back down .
tr	O	His fear was like that of most first-time fathers , or at least the few I 'd seen .
tr	O	The queen recoiled , and a trickle of a thick , greenish fluid oozed from the cut across her cheekbone .
tr	I	Their badges flash and their footsteps thud .
tr	I	I know she 's crying , and she makes a soft sniffing sound .
tr	O	The elevator dinged and the doors opened .
tr	O	The words were silent , but the snark was obvious .
tr	O	I am selfish , and you are mine .
tr	O	She then looked forward and both of them entered the blackened doorway of the tavern .
tr	I	The older man collapsed on the floor , wailing and they screamed repeatedly .
tr	O	Supposedly there was a second wall being built , but she couldn 't see any signs of it .
tr	O	Being a wizard gives you more power than most , but it doesn 't change your heart .
tr	O	The audience clapped along to the second one and when G5 exited after that number , a piano rolled to center stage .
tr	I	There was a satisfied smirk on her face and her eyes were wide .
tr	O	Reginald is instructing Damian , but I tune them out .
tr	I	The feeling intensified , but confused by the strange feeling , she tried to push it away .
tr	O	Beatrice turned around , and their eyes met .
tr	I	There was a thrilling , disturbingly sensual quality to it , but the energy was as dark as that of the lamp .
tr	I	He felt sick to his stomach , and it was as though the world had collapsed on him .
tr	O	The smell of the grill hits me , and I realize I haven 't eaten today .
tr	O	Mandi 's breasts sprang to life and Sergio made sure his hands traveled over them as he slid the t-shirt off .
tr	I	Brightly lit , and it was the tallest in Carson 's Watch , the only two-story building besides the inn .
tr	I	I glared at him , and Benji sat next to me .
tr	I	The feeling was mutual , but Momma thought I was crazy .
tr	I	She went back to Martin 's room with him , and they got very drunk that night .
tr	I	She can 't be sure why , but his mouth twitches under his white beard .
tr	I	It was all I could do not to wince , and she sounded so excited .
tr	I	The bones snapped , and his grip was brutal as he twisted her hand .
tr	O	We 'd run together , waited tables together , owned houses together , and he 'd been part of the small company I 'd started as well .
tr	O	She tried calling him , but apparently he 'd turned off his cell .
tr	I	He was stil a seriously badass Caster , but Macon Ravenwood wasn 't an Incubus anymore .
tr	O	Desperation made me stupid , careless , and now I 'd pay the price .
tr	I	She holds out her hand , and I offer her a smile .
tr	I	Still he didn 't move and Day edged into twilight .
tr	O	I could see the look in his eyes when he said those words , and he didn 't want to say them at all .
tr	O	I opened the door and he left .
tr	I	I know it won 't do much damage but I want to throw a pillow at Rob 's face .
tr	I	I didn 't want either of them to stop , but I wasn 't sure who to touch , who to grab .
tr	O	Sadness darkened his eyes and he looked away .
tr	O	The old man may still be acting the same , but damn he looked old .
tr	O	There was no fire crackling in the hearth behind him , and no office noises filtering in from the other side of the wide double doors .
tr	I	Now there was room for pause , but in Adam 's previous life , he had fallen madly for Tamar this night .
tr	O	The raffle ticket sales had been good , and I snuck a look at some of the papers being filled out at the silent auction table .
tr	O	Out of sight may be out of mind , but it does not make the problems go away .
tr	O	He ordered his body to move , but the slight lag caused by the pain made him clumsy .
tr	O	I did as he asked and he dropped the pills on my tongue .
tr	I	Sparse vegetation told Bobo that there was almost no topsoil , and it was especially rocky out here .
tr	I	Her forte was dealing with the security agencies , but Laura was part of the same cell as Adam .
tr	I	I scoff , and he nods .
tr	I	He almost lost control when he felt her wetness and he moved his hand to her heat .
tr	O	She turned to Hera and she reluctantly looked toward the light .
tr	O	We are not innocent anymore and never will be .
tr	I	I shook it and he extended his hand .
tr	I	We started back for the gym and he wrapped his arm around me .
tr	O	She 'd probably heard something over the years , but if so , it had blended into all the other voices .
tr	O	My eyes close , but a sound in the hallway snaps them back open .
tr	I	Her insides fluttered , and he smiled again .
tr	O	It usually took a lot for her to cry , but lately it seemed to be all she was doing .
tr	O	He would be her first lover , and no matter how many she had after he was gone , she would remember him .
tr	O	Just hang on a minute and we 'll try that again .
tr	O	Lil blinks , and her eyes focus on him .
tr	O	I spun until I located Stalker , but he was already coming toward me .
tr	I	I relaxed , comforted by her power , and I could smell the Earth on her .
tr	I	It 's a cover , but the mark is real .
tr	O	It wakes me up a little , but I 'm still kind of distant .
tr	O	To make that little voice in his head shut the hell up , to go away and never come back .
tr	I	It was love at first sight and they had met in high school .
tr	O	He seemed so confident , so sure of his victory , but I knew something he didn 't .
tr	I	His eyes were now glued to the neck of the guitar and his fingers were positively flying .
tr	I	There 's been a bit of an uproar about it , and a guide dog was killed on the crossing a few weeks ago .
tr	O	A waiter came by , and Stanton waved her plate away .
tr	I	Most of the patrons turned back to what they 'd been doing before we entered and interest waned .
tr	O	He 's knows something 's up , but it seemed kind of risky .
tr	O	He 's twenty , maybe younger , but I see no true compassion on his face .
tr	O	Sure , we would kill for almost any reason , but Eline Kline appeared as though she was willing to die for her son .
tr	O	I only had one more year , one more year and I was running away .
tr	I	Pussy held her down , stroking her clit , and she thrashed on the bed .
tr	I	He examined it closely , wondering what had provoked it and it was a new emotion for him .
tr	I	This feeling was agony , but it took away from some of the numb .
tr	O	Haddington stopped struggling and his face took on an angelic expression .
tr	O	I kept telling myself that , but right now , the way my stomach twisted to have him so close , I knew it was a lie .
tr	O	This was his first date with Lynn and he 'd just agreed to encourage gossip , which couldn 't be more unlike him .
tr	I	I 'll be right down and let me just put on some makeup .
tr	O	I tried the door at the end of the hallway , but it was locked .
tr	I	I really did not want to know what was in his hurt soul and was not surprising the illness , which he had .
tr	O	We stopped in the hallway and I realized we were outside our destination , the Student Council Boardroom .
tr	O	He started walking again , and I followed a few paces behind , trying to calm myself .
tr	I	The air was clean , but Sean sniffed the wind .
tr	I	She leaned into him , memorizing everything she could in that instant and short bursts of pain beat a staccato rhythm deep in her chest .
tr	O	Brick had brought out the mirror again , and she turned to it , staring at her reflection .
tr	O	Mark objected again , but Buller was adamant .
tr	O	I believe she and Lia fell into a trap the trolls had set .
tr	I	Honestly I was half-asleep , but he said something about it last night .
tr	I	I need it , but don 't get it , don 't really want to .
tr	I	What other tribute could I give to such a fine gift , but ok , it was awful ?
tr	I	I knew he viewed Mistral as a threat , but I wasn 't sure how he felt about Abe .
tr	I	I won 't agree to wed you and I won 't walk down it willingly .
tr	I	He 'd wait for her to contact him , but he would clear up matters with Blythe .
tr	O	Elliot knocked on the driver 's window and the vehicle started forward on their journey to the airport .
tr	I	His hands roamed over her backside and his head descended as he locked his lips on hers .
tr	O	My gaze fell to the scalpel , and I cringed .
tr	O	Every show , I watched Bryn come out of her shell a little more , and everyone loved it .
tr	O	A surge of anxiety pulsed through me and I shot from bed , shedding my clothes on my way to the shower .
tr	I	That won 't matter , but you 'll lose more than your share of battles .
tr	I	I couldn 't understand what they were saying , but faint voices called to me from behind .
tr	O	I gestured him over with my head , and he bounded over like an eager puppy .
tr	I	I didn 't care where he had gone but I heard a door slam behind me .
tr	O	Ellie heard hushed voices behind her , but she couldn 't worry about that .
tr	O	It wasn 't my first choice of activity , but I was willing to give it a chance .
tr	I	It was bit too loud , but I laughed .
tr	O	He sounded convincing , but I was still worried .
tr	I	He was going to start by helping them , and his friends needed his help .
tr	O	Shotgun typed his password , and the little machine beeped .
tr	O	I felt like I was receiving a lecture but at the same time , I loved it .
tr	I	All too frequently , disturbances occurred between the two groups , and eventually we had two distinct factions .
tr	I	He knows Realm has taken it before , or because either he knows I was given the pill .
tr	I	I opened a granola bar , and it was time to eat .
tr	I	Her father worked with the sunlight and it started to get warmer out .
tr	I	It didn 't seem like the right time , but I thought about telling him what I found .
tr	O	All ships had stayed for years over large cities , yet they were always near water .
tr	I	My heart skipped a beat , and his smile spread into a full one .
tr	I	For the first time he noticed how tense he 'd been and the muscles in his body relaxed .
tr	I	Her need to control her absurd imagination and she 'd yelled at Elise about her selfishness .
tr	I	I 'd thought it would be tighter , and the dress didn 't have a bit of give in the silken fabric .
tr	I	She liked that feeling , and she belonged to him now .
tr	I	It returned to her , and Abby pulled the sword back .
tr	O	Most kept on marching , but more than a few were rushing over to watch .
tr	I	There was really nothing to say , but Gabby opened her mouth to respond .
tr	I	He would never have allowed himself to bail , but he 'd been struggling with this assignment ever since Francesca became involved in it .
tr	O	Several voices answered and he ran back .
tr	I	He held my face close to his and immediately his other hand cupped my cheek .
tr	O	Our eyes meet and she looks surprised .
tr	I	Pure bliss came over his face , and then he bit down .
tr	I	I didn 't like the commotion it caused inside me , but I didn 't know what to make of his apology .
tr	I	Another light approached , and more footsteps sounded .
tr	I	He made a small kissing motion and she placed her finger on his lips .
tr	I	I just needed the demons , but more like two hundred would do .
tr	I	The house was lit , but Night had fallen again .
tr	O	Delilah knew everything about him and he knew nothing about her .
tr	I	The pay 's a little better , but thirty hours a week to begin with .
tr	I	I knew it was stiff , but I smiled back .
tr	I	Something held me back , but I trusted him .
tr	I	Nobody dare look around and everybody kept to themselves .
tr	O	Gavin remembers everything , and he clearly remembered the way to the mansion .
tr	O	His grin was triumphant , and it pricked her pride .
tr	O	I walked in and instantly , a cold chill swooped past me .
tr	I	Blazing sunlight temporarily blinds me , and James squeezes my hand just before we explode out of the door .
tr	O	He had hoped it was a returning Genny , but instead , Romeo Buffington skipped in , bright-eyed .
tr	I	I was startled to see that the smoke was right on our heels and I glanced over my shoulder to the other side of Brad .
tr	I	Then James leans over to whisper to me , and it 's quiet for a moment .
tr	I	Although his words knocked me off-kilter , there was nothing I could do , and sorrow rose in my throat , nearly overcoming me .
tr	I	It was beginning to take a toll on her , and she hadn 't slept well in weeks .
tr	O	Bryony thought she was going to get a lecture , but Jane seemed more intent on retrieving her precious paperwork .
tr	I	His shirt was unbuttoned to the waist , and his shoulder-length hair was windblown .
tr	O	He ' d close the lid on our night as dawn approached , and we ' d snuggle together in darkness .
tr	I	I think he liked to pretend they never existed after I got in trouble with the cops , but I couldn 't have .
tr	O	He winked , and I swooned .
tr	O	The Chinese food arrived , and they ate in silence .
tr	O	Except for Victoria 's ramming heart and dragging breaths .
tr	O	The rain had stopped and the lake looked welcoming .
tr	O	Maybe at first I thought we 'd be together , but after a while , I didn 't push it .
tr	O	The beast was hiding in the darkness and nobody could see it .
tr	I	Then drove to an outdoor shooting range tucked in one of the many canyons of the California mountains , and they stayed for lunch , appeasing Mary .
tr	I	The shopkeeper he purchased it from had warned Mister Morris that there are consequences to what one wishes for , but it could somehow grant three wishes .
tr	O	The queen walked upon two legs , but something in its motion was subtly off , as though it were performing a trick rather than moving naturally .
tr	I	His eyes misted over with tears , and his finger moved off the trigger .
tr	O	They took the turbo lift down a few floors and they walked to his room .
tr	I	This time , she was grateful for it , and the numbness was back .
tr	O	All of a sudden , the hand dropped him and the bird laid still .
tr	I	Even though it 's stupid , I can 't shake the feeling that we are being watched , and the hair on my neck is standing up .
tr	O	That I was cool with things now , and I wouldn 't be upset over Danika .
tr	O	She was all too aware of how close his leg was , but she couldn 't bring herself to shift away .
tr	O	I want to spit in his face once again , but I cannot handle any more hits across my head .
tr	I	I moan softly , and he draws me nearer to him .
tr	I	I turned to the man sleeping next to me , and she walked out of the room .
tr	O	Change hurt , and some of the people it was hurting had already tried to strike back .
tr	O	Rena was half tempted to chase after him , but that wasn 't part of their deal .
tr	I	She didn 't seem to notice it , but Blood dripped down her arms .
tr	O	His jaw muscles bunched and his lips disappeared into a thin line .
tr	I	The idea is to use both rovers , but NASA is still working on the details .
tr	I	Aunt Jen flanked their daughter , taking her hands and Mike got a close-up of Uncle Harold as he .
tr	I	Savannah nodded toward the house , and Tim went back to his seat .
tr	I	She answered and he asked questions .
tr	I	His guard picked it up and just then the phone rang .
tr	I	It sounded like the nurses were changing rotations , and it was still dark outside .
tr	I	Then you pull me out of the lunchroom in front of everyone , but you want me to act like I don 't know you !
tr	I	I could tell that she wasn 't her usual self , but she ushered us into the living room .
tr	O	Oh , they 'd try to stay together at their different schools , but in the end , it wouldn 't work .
tr	O	The man was to die in great pain , and the woman was to watch .
tr	I	His eye met with Mendoza 's and one of the chieftains looked over .
tr	O	She fussed with a button on her blouse and Franco struggled with a sudden urge to strip the garment from her .
tr	I	The sight of Delilah 's small see-through lacy panties had him hypnotized , but Boone tried not to stare .
tr	O	I 'd just creamed in the hallway and if I didn 't get it together , I 'd have a very awkward walk to the car .
tr	O	Yes , I know all about my reputation , but I don 't really like to kill people unless it 's necessary .
tr	I	It had devastated him more than anyone could have imagined , and I 'd betrayed him .
tr	O	I know I 'm distracted in my thoughts and Elle picks up on it .
tr	O	Your brother couldn 't have her , and he went batshit .
tr	I	I failed to react otherwise , but my eyes flickered .
tr	I	It wouldn 't be enough to save them , but Erin had done a good job .
tr	I	His legs gave out , dropping him to the floor with no warning , and jess reached for the back of the chair .
tr	I	I feel my cheeks go up in flames and I see his mouth drop open a tiny bit .
tr	O	It was still dark , but it 's not like we were sneaking up on them .
tr	I	His strong arms circled my waist , but I went to leave my room .
tr	O	His fingertips still brushed hers , and she could feel the warmth of his skin clinging to her own .
tr	I	She knew she could use a fresh pair of clothes , but thank goodness the rest of her was still clean .
tr	O	He knew she 'd gone to her mother 's old house , but if anything urgent had come up , she 'd have called .
tr	O	I was off duty , which was a rarity and I was allowed to rest .
tr	I	A swarm of birds descended upon it , but the mech wolf prepared to charge again .
tr	O	I checked her blood and there is no parasite in it .
tr	I	I can feel her love for me radiating , wrapping around me like an ethereal glove , and her eyes close .
tr	I	It wouldn 't get rid of the smoke , but the ventilation system struggled .
tr	I	The apparitions are all staring at us , but they are laid out on the ground , unmoving .
tr	I	Her words painted the rest , but before , I only had half a portrait of her .
tr	O	I knew sometimes girlfriends of the players went to watch , but I didn 't think I quite qualified for that status .
tr	O	It might have previously been a warehouse , but its storage days had long since passed .
tr	O	Quinn seemed to pull his attention from me with reluctance , but he kept his arm along the booth at my back .
tr	I	It may be needed within the city , and Juan here speaks English poorly .
tr	O	I 'm sure you 've realized this already , but Chase is pretty strong headed when it comes to getting what he wants .
tr	O	He shouldn 't have threatened her , and saying he would file for custody in order to take Bradley from her had been just that .
tr	O	He had very blue eyes , and he seemed much calmer than the trembling giant who was holding him .
tr	I	She shook her head and her mouth fell open .
tr	O	Still trailing the cut ropes , she ran to his side and flung herself down , her hand resting tenderly on his back .
tr	O	Aggie just wants to be able to reach the radio , but at least I can still watch Thomas without anyone noticing .
tr	O	She raised her mug , tapped it against his , and they drank .
tr	O	The tissues were integrated and the appropriate accomplishments measurable .
tr	I	I hadn 't given it much thought , but I 'd been fielding variations of that same query all weekend .
tr	I	I helped him shrug out of his tuxedo jacket , and he nodded .
tr	O	Suddenly I realized I was hanging on to the edge of the bench with a death grip , and my fingertips had gone numb .
tr	I	He studied me intently and his eyes widened briefly .
tr	I	Magnus beheld the room within , and she opened the door .
tr	O	I know Calliope wants me dead , but she 's using you .
tr	O	They had the special softness of fur before it wears thin , and her feet were happy .
tr	I	He could provide human contact , a human voice , but Roy didn 't need to know his dilemma .
tr	O	Julie didn 't see him push his cigarette into her arm , but when she felt the burn , her thrashing intensified .
tr	I	At the moment , Jonah seemed like the bigger threat , but maybe Butch hadn 't gone inside for the night yet .
tr	O	His mother had a disingenuous ability to parse the truth , but Hawk let the matter go .
tr	I	Her decision changed depending on which way she viewed the situation and she had an important choice to make .
tr	I	He pulled out her claiming chain and she stopped when his long finger hooked on something under the material of her slacks .
tr	I	He probably had an agenda , but he might have saved her life .
tr	O	The door shut and an older woman walked down the steps .
tr	O	They say when you 're about to die , your life flashes before your eyes , but that 's not quite right .
tr	I	She shook her head as she smiled reassuringly at him , but Devon was studying her with concern .
tr	I	Disappearing into a tangle of mesquite , and a Harris antelope squirrel darted along the rocks , tail curled across his back .
tr	I	His head began to spin and he gulped down his wine .
tr	O	The backstage area was dimly lit , and we walked slowly along toward the sound of voices .
tr	I	Eva will have my ass , or call me back .
tr	O	He pointed to one of the empty chairs , and she slipped into it , crossing her arms .
tr	O	It would be a bit of a squeeze but I think Peter would enjoy Will 's company .
tr	O	JC knew she was grasping at straws , but it was all she had .
tr	I	Now I will take you as well , but I will still take her of course .
tr	I	She didn 't come , but he watched for her .
tr	O	At one of the exits Oliver was breaking a window with a chair for more people to escape , and at another exit I saw Riley .
tr	O	The color in Ka 's eyes seemed to brighten and I could tell his spirits started to brighten .
tr	O	His lips mouthed words I couldn 't hear but I assumed were prayers .
tr	O	His voice was already deeper , and he had been tal er than me for several months .
tr	I	I thought about the rules , and I thought about what we had lost .
tr	O	She claimed to have no family , no home , and she didn 't match any children in the national database of kids reported missing .
tr	I	Another kick to his head followed , and Mike toppled over onto his back .
tr	I	He dislikes that the prince 's eye has now wandered , and he has always considered himself Enzo 's best fighter .
tr	I	It came with the special but it wasn 't beer .
tr	O	He held his hand out , and she studied it before putting her hand in his .
tr	O	Alice has short hair that 's cut sort of pixie style , and she 's one of those girls with naturally full lips .
tr	I	We exited the room to join the others and I checked my look in a small mirror .
tr	O	There were a couple of snickers from our impromptu audience , but Lea ignored them .
tr	I	He refused to let me go , but moaning in protest , I tried to squirm away .
tr	I	She gestures me to sit down and I ask .
tr	O	Orville seemed on the verge of making another crack , but he held his tongue .
tr	O	Maria escorted me back to a wooden chair in the middle of the main cabin room , and I clumsily sat .
tr	I	Jennifer stopped in front of her , and she didn 't hide well enough .
tr	I	Mom shot him a look that froze him in place on the stairs , but Balthazar started to come , too .
tr	O	Her lips parted to let out a little moan , and I swooped in , entwining my tongue with hers .
tr	O	The river was beautiful and he spread out a blanket near a patch of tiger lilies that were in full bloom .
tr	O	Tried to warn her about animals , but Jake wanted her to wear that skimpy stuff for the crowd .
tr	I	She can see the veins in his forearms turning a deep blue , and Liam 's fingers are curled into his palms .
tr	O	His breath was warm on the side of her face and she felt tingly as she struggled to maintain her composure .
tr	I	I eventually present myself to the vault clerk , and she directs me on down the line .
tr	O	I looked back and he was gone .
tr	I	I was out , and Purple mist surrounded me .
tr	I	We drove up a lane that had big trees on each side that made a canopy above us and the gate man let us in .
tr	O	I 'm drowning in his eyes and I don 't know what to say .
tr	O	Her glowing face appeared and she opened her window .
tr	O	She knew what she 'd felt when she was making it ... and she knew what she felt now as she looked at it .
tr	I	There was a light breeze blowing the curtains gently and the windows were open to bright sunlight .
tr	I	There was something in his face when she left , but I guess the fact he 's out after so many months is difference enough .
tr	I	I 'm not a mind reader , but I may be a few IQ points ahead of the rest of the curve .
tr	O	Sean tries to pull me away from Gabe , but I know the old guy won 't hurt us .
tr	I	Kelsey had given Spencer her room 's code , and the dorm was trying out a new keypad system of entry into the rooms instead of keys .
tr	I	She feared she 'd gone too far and his shoulders tensed at her last statement .
tr	I	Then she seemed to dismiss the entire matter , but she paled as if he 'd struck her .
tr	I	We have nothing that gives a clue , but I checked our data on the system .
tr	I	He pushed my hands away , a wicked grin playing on his lips but I fumbled with the side zipper of my skirt .
tr	I	I guess my luck has finally worn off , but I think of how the two left me .
tr	O	A week had passed , and this time she 'd be getting a two hour appointment .
tr	I	He was still bleeding when I 'd left him , but I 'd almost expected the asshole to follow me .
tr	I	Damn did I resent it , but it wasn 't her fault .
tr	O	There was no attention to the weak and the cultures were depleted of their peculiarities .
tr	O	They were both his friends , and he could see disaster ahead for them .
tr	O	My corsets are loosened to accommodate the three but I still feel an inability to breathe occasionally .
tr	O	It won 't be my favorite poison , but I 'm sure I 'll get a sufficient buzz .
tr	O	I stiffen , expecting him to sit next to me on the couch , but instead he takes the chair to my right .
tr	I	The embarrassment seems to have come back to haunt him , but he was quite a young man then .
tr	I	Any light at the end of her tunnel was a positive , but the call had been totally unnecessary .
tr	O	I thought I could consider him a friend , but he hadn 't said one word to me since we returned home from Romania .
tr	O	A light tapping sound overhead made me look up , but of course I saw nothing .
tr	I	Her father looked at Mackenzie , expressionless and the front door opened back up .
tr	I	I knew that it would soon crash against my shore , and I felt a tidal wave of euphoria rising within me .
tr	O	The waitress filled their mugs with coffee and Jamie stirred in a liberal measure of cream .
tr	I	He didn 't , but she was hoping he 'd leave it at that .
tr	O	his mouth finally communicated to his ear , and there came the sound of fleeing footsteps .
tr	I	He felt Frank 's sincerity , but if he 'd felt his presence was endangering Jay , he would have walked away from her that minute .
tr	O	The streetlight didn 't quite reach the patio , and the outside lights hadn 't been turned on .
tr	I	He 's still breathing , but he gurgles water with every breath .
tr	I	I don 't try to blink them away , and tears well up in my eyes .
tr	O	The urge to search through her memories tugged at him , but he resisted .
tr	O	It irked me to admit , but I realised that I missed him .
tr	O	I didn 't expect anyone to find them there but I didn 't expect my daughter to be the one to leave the trail either .
tr	O	What Julie really wanted was to strangle him , but unfortunately , that was a crime , too .
tr	O	she asked with raised eyebrows and wide eyes as if enthralled with the conversation .
tr	I	This time he let me go , and I pushed hard against his chest .
tr	I	His mouth was everywhere else , stroking , squeezing , flicking , playing , tasting , driving me mad with need , and his hands were everywhere .
tr	I	She pointed to an armchair , and no coffee was offered .
tr	I	I thought maybe Josh had told her already and she didn 't seem surprised to hear it .
tr	I	I pushed myself to my feet , and he stood up , releasing me .
tr	I	His fury mounted , and it took at least ten seconds .
tr	O	Getting a little drunk might benefit her courage , but getting very drunk would impede her .
tr	I	I relished the feeling and Sweat trickled down my neck .
tr	I	Anna had happily agreed , and Steven 's father had offered to escort her .
tr	I	He has his own logic , but Whitney may be a megalomaniac .
tr	I	His words hurt , but she knew it was a joke .
tr	O	I tried yanking it out , but the blade wouldn 't budge .
tr	I	He dropped Sebastian 's hand , but Finn glared back at me .
tr	I	Something was always missing , but I 'd even tried replicating it .
tr	I	The look became a stare , and he looked at each agent in turn , until he got to me .
tr	I	You know that I 'm right , but isabella , I realize that this won 't be easy for you .
tr	O	He hoped Knox would be successful in killing her and he hoped the two missing pages had been found .
tr	I	She didn 't draw away , but her legs brushed his chest , the water running down him soaking the ends of her dress .
tr	I	I blinked as my eyes adjusted and Light flooded the room .
tr	O	I pause , to let him speak , but he doesn 't .
tr	O	This time be flinched , and I got worried .
tr	O	Something like that shouldn 't be such a big deal , but it was to her .
tr	I	She watched as red dirt clumped to the ground from his cleats , and Alex tapped his bat against first one foot , then the other .
tr	I	Over the ground there crept a darkness blacker than the night ; but Stars were shining above .
tr	I	Not because I 'm bored , but I yawn .
tr	I	I didn 't have the energy to move again for several minutes , and just that small motion had exhausted what little strength I had left .
tr	O	Cameron was ruthless in his pursuit of his goal and he 'd allow no one to slow him down .
tr	O	The controls were sluggish and the plane was hard to steer .
tr	I	She yelped , and I smacked her ass .
tr	O	I never ate Tyler 's cooking until now , and I was quite impressed .
tr	I	It was raining too hard to see anything clearly , but Luis looked out the back window .
tr	O	She was my age , seventeen , but she was trying to act older .
tr	I	The newbies would be doing all the work but we knew what we asked of him was no small tasks .
tr	O	I might have gone a bit overboard with the makeup , but hey , it was to be a super classy evening .
tr	I	Her mind was speeding at a million miles a minute , and it was just kicking in .
tr	O	He unlocked the car door for her , and she got in .
tr	I	Then there she was , and we came to the clearing .
tr	I	Yet it was unbelievable even to her , and she 'd lived through all of it .
tr	O	I was seventeen and it was just what I needed .
tr	O	Her eyes darkened and she immediately slid to the far end of the couch , stretching out her long , lean body .
tr	I	At last the launch time drew near , but the past three days had been busy .
tr	O	He moves over me , hovering , positioning , and I reach to the side , beneath the edge of the mattress .
tr	O	I could hear her at a checkout stand , the familiar sound of items being rung up , and her speaking to a clerk as she paid .
tr	O	She doesn 't nod but she sort of bites her upper lip a bit .
tr	I	I pulled my hand from his cheek and he stirred .
tr	O	My parents love me , but it 's not the same thing .
tr	O	We could tell everyone , but what would that accomplish ?
tr	O	No matter what , no matter how hurt I was , he was my husband and I loved him more than anything .
tr	I	The resolve in his gaze tells me I have no choice , but I hesitate , wondering if I can get out of telling him .
tr	I	It felt like the walls were closing in on me and I could feel the blood drain immediately from my face .
tr	I	The appropriate screen came up and Jake punched in some numbers on his computer .
tr	O	I think we can leave the waltz for now , but there are many more dances for you to learn .
tr	I	He could be shady , or Ben could be fine .
tr	I	Little details still escaped her sometimes , but she remembered most things .
tr	I	There was also talk of a class action lawsuit , and she said there were countless , upset , angry parents .
tr	O	He draped the dirty coverlet with shaking hands , but he made no attempt to touch the boy .
tr	I	It was the same warm smile Lara had imagined , and Philip Adler was moving toward them , smiling .
tr	O	She forced a smile that he was sure she didn 't feel and a genuine concern for her wellbeing stabbed into his heart .
tr	I	Her trembling increased and he chuckled when his words caused her blush to deepen .
tr	I	I could see the fire in his eyes and ten minutes later , Marshall came in .
tr	O	That 's what I can give you now , but there 'll be far more in the future .
tr	O	He had done good deals with Russia in the past , but recently Moscow had grown greedy , demanding a larger cut .
tr	I	I leaned against a counter for support , and the announcement caught me like a blow .
tr	I	Her control slipped under her lust for more , and the earthy scent of him filled her head .
tr	I	The blotch of urine surely showing on his jeans surely betrayed that fact by now , but he tried to mask the fact that she startled him .
tr	O	It only took a Sybil one look at your face to read it , and Reece was among the best .
tr	O	Suddenly the horses began to trot and all the entourage picked up the pace .
tr	I	A small blue glow appeared at the tip of each , and she clicked them on .
tr	I	They dove for cover , but I missed .
tr	I	I revel in their eccentricities , and they are individuals .
tr	O	Claire wasn 't sleeping , but she was in bed where she 'd spent the whole day , tightly curled up , thinking about David .
tr	I	No one would hear and she 'd take her little darling on a bike ride out where he could squeal in delight as much as he wanted .
tr	O	The place doesn 't even look open , but Cressida pushes through the front door , setting off a dissonant chiming .
tr	I	Then I 'd regret not taking this chance , and I could get raped by some cretin tomorrow .
tr	I	She just couldn 't muster enough strength but as he rose over her once again , Eva tried to be mad at him .
tr	O	Melissa had seen nothing about Devon , other than his arrival , and Chris could not read him .
tr	O	In his right hand was a sword of fire , and fire blazed on his brow in a blinding diadem .
tr	I	Instead , I had the impression of a dark figure , but it should be the guards on watch shifting positions to stay alert .
tr	I	That quickly faded as another contraction started , but Peggy smiled .
tr	I	She had helped me get a job and Thalia had been such a good friend .
tr	I	I felt my stomach clench as Luke pushed me towards my breaking point and it was increasing .
tr	O	Mister had completed his first kill and Joshua was extremely proud of him .
tr	I	An odd quiver passes through my belly and Will trains his aquamarine eyes on me .
tr	O	He nodded to the waiter , but she could tell that he was annoyed .
tr	I	Though I don 't manage to move forward , I 'm also not thrown back , and I 'm clinging to my energy with a manic desperation .
tr	O	It wasn 't uncommon for these old homes to collapse , and he took careful steps as he made his way to the kitchen .
tr	I	She would be none the wiser , and he could swiftly install one in her rooms .
tr	O	The day before our first game , Coach announces the starting lineup , and I get the nod at point guard .
tr	I	We left for Denny 's and several minutes later Mom arrived .
tr	O	I feel like I lifted my foot off the brake slowly , but the car hiccups forward until I slam the brake back down .
tr	I	Now her husband stands accused of treason and her attempt to help him advance his diplomatic career went terribly wrong .
tr	O	It was day , and Emma was vampire .
tr	I	I wrapped the towel around myself before making my way back to my room , and my heart wrenched .
tr	I	Mike knew exactly why he changed positions but the woman had no idea what Garcia was doing .
tr	O	Kylie noticed the intense look on Derek 's face , and she knew he 'd done something to the blond .
tr	I	Jess followed my lead and I shook Adie 's hand .
tr	O	There would be no fire and the fresh meat they had stored for supper would have to wait .
tr	I	I can 't even point to a best friend and I 'm nearly twenty-six .
tr	O	The elevator shook on its cable and the entire building seemed to quake .
tr	O	She pushed the call button and she felt the tense in every part of her body .
tr	I	Of course he 'd dated before me and sure , I 'd dated before Max .
tr	O	I thought I 'd been good at hiding my grief , but Cole could see it .
tr	I	He is aware of my business dealings , but I haven 't discussed it with him .
tr	I	He helps me and my shaking hands cannot undo the clasp .
tr	I	That was detestable to her ; and some people , including her father , attended church for the sole purpose of being seen .
tr	I	He was not there , but she retraced their steps to the exotic garden .
tr	I	Her mind relished the cold shadows and though she could not see more than a few inches ahead , her body was not tense .
tr	O	My hips wanted to flex against him , but I was suddenly afraid of it hurting .
tr	I	I 'm happy that 's the way things turned out , and I have a hell of a great time with you .
tr	O	I saw a flicker of light and I felt a powerful force propel my victim into those behind him .
tr	O	Ruby set her offerings down on the bedside table , and she sat there silently until the deep night fell .
tr	I	That was even more confusing , and she felt relieved .
tr	I	They were all thrown forward with considerable force as they screeched to a halt and when they passed into the building the driver slammed on the brakes .
tr	I	I think we 're in pretty good hands and I think he 's the man to make it .
tr	I	I looked across at him with a scowl gaining in intensity , and Lines creased my brow .
tr	O	It was a fairly firm scolding , and I suppose it was well deserved .
tr	O	Johnny had never been on the ocean before , and today wasn 't a good day to start .
tr	O	Renton told himself that the calls would have been made from public lines , but he knew there was trouble ahead .
tr	O	He had obeyed all the traffic laws , but sometimes none of that matters when someone else has been drinking .
tr	I	Sophie rose to leave and Aunt Marilyn pulled up after a few more silent minutes .
tr	O	I had some good work friends , but many of them had their own families .
tr	I	He nodded without raising his head , and bending close to Todd , she whispered something in his ear .
tr	I	The city of Beverly Hills was delighted to have us , and I decided to do our first show in Hollywood , as a test .
tr	I	It would pop into my head soon , but I couldn 't quite recall her name .
tr	O	I looked away abruptly , and he started laughing .
tr	O	First impressions mattered , and their first encounter hadn 't gone well .
tr	I	Discussing some ritzy party she 'd attended or Jacqueline spent most of the lesson name-dropping .
tr	I	Victoria truly hoped it would be more on her terms than on Lilith 's , but she would meet Lilith someday .
tr	I	He is Kevin Simons and this is Kylie Parker .
tr	O	It was a shift I hadn 't been expecting , but somehow these past six months had prepared me for it .
tr	O	My pulse thumped wildly against my fingers and I tightened my grip against my throat .
tr	O	He had been the most opposed to calling for aid from these heroes and now they were the only ones with any chance of ending this darkness .
tr	I	My heart raced in my chest before I could slow it , and there was movement around the corner that led outside the Bower .
tr	I	He didn 't care , but he knew that his tour was coming to an abrupt end .
tr	I	It looked like she had not eaten in weeks , and her cheekbones stood out .
tr	I	We make our way back to our bike handle and I smile .
tr	O	Nobody 's seen Mustapha yet , and nobody 's heard from him .
tr	O	He 's right , and he knows it .
tr	I	Her skin above the low bodice of her white satin gown gleamed in the candlelight , and her hair tumbled over her shoulders in molten waves .
tr	I	I never told , and she never asked .
tr	O	Her cheek rested against his chest , and she listened to the steady pounding of his heart .
tr	O	I didn 't mean to , but I did .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop myself , but I felt stupid for crying .
tr	I	Her lips are my dealer , and Crash a little harder , anything to keep her Her taste is my drug .
tr	O	I asked , after we 'd parked at the Sonic and he 'd pressed the button to order two chocolate shakes .
tr	I	Neither had the crowd , and I hadn 't expected that .
tr	I	His men didn 't know what there were doing until they were in the air and their last assignment was cloaked so dark he .
tr	O	Chuck looked at Blake and they shook their heads .
tr	O	Her face snaps up , and relief fills her eyes .
tr	O	She was obviously unaware that they 'd danced together for the last three songs but he wasn 't going to relent his hold on her .
tr	O	Her gaze was fuzzy as she blinked up at him , but she obeyed him with shaking hands .
tr	I	She swallowed hard and her lip trembled a little .
tr	I	He needed to be at top strength for the coming combat , and blood loss ultimately would weaken him .
tr	I	Malcolm had no trouble guessing who it belonged to , and now there was only one vehicle in the lot .
tr	O	Hot coals might not make her say so , but the understanding was in her .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure how to feel about that , and the only reprieve I had was that Blake wasn 't in bio .
tr	O	The Tren wasn 't pleased about that either but he had better sense than to be surprised .
tr	O	The remaining tension finally eased from him , and he took off his shoes as well .
tr	I	Maurice was not , and other people were rushing about , in a silent , ghostly way .
tr	I	The house was completely quiet , and we were alone for now .
tr	I	As moonlight beamed down through the open windows , I sighed in his arms , and he held me close .
tr	O	Sir Isaac Newton nearly blinded himself staring at the sun , and I can do it from the comfort of my air-conditioned cubicle .
tr	I	It felt like a pillow but it looked like a rock .
tr	I	I quickly close the door and tears spring to my eyes .
tr	I	Nothing happens but I wait for it to emerge .
tr	O	She put an arm around the guy 's shoulders and he did the same to her .
tr	I	For a moment they were silent with shock and Aden 's boisterous laugh surprised his three companions .
tr	I	Approachability all wrapped up in one beautiful package , and she was the picture of class , sophistication .
tr	I	His eyes are still troubled , but Andrew 's standing in the doorway , his features softer .
tr	O	I called again , several times a day , for the next two days , but no one was ever there .
tr	O	Her tongue moistened her suddenly dry lips and she lifted her chin , meeting the strange , glittering eyes of the healer .
tr	O	I loved Gabriel , had always loved him on some level , but I didn 't have to like all his methods .
tr	O	Her heart was pounding at double time , but for all outward appearances she was the picture of serenity .
tr	O	He had only completed four so far , and there were so many more to do .
tr	I	The power returned , and the lights flickered .
tr	I	The pup couldn 't act as a buffer , and they avoided each other 's eyes .
tr	O	Danny didn 't say anything but Calvin stood ushering him to their table .
tr	I	I was eager to escape the smell of death , and Gavin went with us .
tr	I	He was yelling her name and it was Seth .
tr	O	I have smoothed my way into the prime ministers life and he has agreed a meeting as he clearly likes me .
tr	I	I followed and she gestured with a jerk of her chin .
tr	I	He had never come around , and Nicola had never mentioned him .
tr	O	It could also have been that she was calling from Paris , and the reception wasn 't the best .
tr	O	Zoe woke the next morning with that same feeling of contentment but something was different .
tr	O	It ´ s day time and the Prosecutors prepare themselves for the long day ahead .
tr	O	My toes curl , and my breathing picks up pace because a very real part of me wants this .
tr	O	It hit the pavement hard , and the alarm started wailing again .
tr	O	Her questions were starting to irritate me , but turning me on at the same time .
tr	I	No one there said a thing about it , but she knew he was pulling Kit 's leg .
tr	I	He was foolish , and he was young .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but when I managed to regain my voice , it came out as more of a squeak .
tr	I	He 'd doomed himself long ago with his , and all that really mattered were people 's actions .
tr	I	The cashier mentioning my brother was just making it up and maybe this place was exactly what it claimed to be .
tr	I	It was clear he 'd grown up in a high-pressure environment but I didn 't know all the details of Jax 's upbringing .
tr	I	Surely it could be worse , but she didn 't know how .
tr	I	She could tell she 'd better choose now , and Sally could be tactful when she chose .
tr	I	His eyelids drooped and he spun it a second time , a third , .
tr	O	The bathroom door swings open again , and Bridget is framed in the opening .
tr	I	I didn 't remember Miranda being anywhere around at the time and thinking back I remembered Nate mentioning dinner at the reception earlier .
tr	O	It was early morning and her toes were frozen .
tr	O	I thought you actually knew me , but I was so wrong about that .
tr	O	The book was written in short chapters , and in the edition Reginald owned , the pages didn 't even break between chapters .
tr	I	I smelled his onion breath , and he leaned down at me .
tr	I	Lines of pain were etched on her face , and when she 'd returned from Sophie 's she 'd been listless .
tr	I	He was , but he knew it was too soon after their reunion to be in love with her .
tr	O	He seemed to take my words at face value and I was glad .
tr	O	Greg struggled to get past them , but they stopped him .
tr	O	You 'll have full access to our computers on the base and you 're free to do any personal legwork you can do .
tr	I	The absence of people caught Lou 's attention , and most days , any number of people traveled this route .
tr	O	He jerked in pain when I accidentally touched his injuries , and he cried out in agony .
tr	O	It sounds like a bit of a cop out , but for the most part it really is that simple .
tr	O	The threads push back , protesting the change , but I force them to bend to my will .
tr	I	My wards disarmed and the deadbolt unlocked .
tr	O	He hesitated before answering , and she wondered for a moment if he had a problem with his hearing .
tr	I	I was not far behind and she hurried out the door .
tr	I	He stopped her with a hand in front her but she started to say something .
tr	O	Sara asked and I recognized the hair flick anywhere .
tr	O	He was no expert , but this did not sound like standard procedure .
tr	I	I cry against his chest and Luca pulls me to him .
tr	I	The sound startled her , and she was already on edge .
tr	I	I couldn 't see the bottom , but I stared hard into the darkness .
tr	O	Ellie began to cry in sympathy , and John picked her up to comfort her .
tr	O	She sat on the floor , and he was right beside her , sitting on the bed .
tr	I	He hadn 't heard a sound from it , but he didn 't want to look how close it was .
tr	O	Fear slicked like ice just under Jared 's skin , and his heart beat erratically as he stared at them .
tr	O	The walk to the elevator is like the green mile , and I feel the zombies of Ze Morgue grinning behind me .
tr	O	Piers looks relieved that I 'm alive and he gives me a quick pat on the back , asking me how I 'm feeling .
tr	O	I would have to dance in a moment , but we had time to talk for a few minutes .
tr	I	She 's not a bad person , but she 's the Resistance Headquarters ' slut for sure .
tr	O	I try to bring up the memories , to understand what Evie is talking about , but I come up blank .
tr	I	She moaned and he tugged .
tr	O	They started reading it and I wished I were somewhere else , anywhere .
tr	O	On the right the daring Rupert commanded his 1,000 veteran horsemen and on the left , the stubborn Wilmot led his 1,500 cavaliers .
tr	O	She had no intention of making a habit of it , but she 'd worked hard enough to earn the occasional respite .
tr	I	Ryan 's problems became the breaking point , and our marriage was already under tremendous duress .
tr	O	Her heart was pounding , and her mouth was dry .
tr	O	It seemed impossible that Jason had killed that many people , I thought , but maybe he was one of the younger ones .
tr	I	He put the gun back in the case , and she did .
tr	O	Screams sounded in the distance , and she started with each one .
tr	O	Madison had agreed to speak to Hanna , but it still made Hanna feel uneasy .
tr	I	I realized I was seriously overstepping here and Maggie looked at my hand holding hers .
tr	O	I can tap into it , but I don 't really know what I 'm doing .
tr	I	She could do no less for Val and Aunt Meg had done as much for her .
tr	I	The guard was not at his post , and the rest of the bookstore appeared empty .
tr	O	I tried to keep calm in his arms but I just can 't .
tr	I	She couldn 't tell Chey but God help her .
tr	I	She had never seen him in the daylight hours , but she felt somewhat ridiculous asking such an absurd question .
tr	O	The heaviness was settling again in my stomach and I stood up .
tr	O	With clearer foresight I might have brought more couples , but there was little time .
tr	I	She laughed , and his cheeks reddened .
tr	O	One touch , and he would pull her back into his arms .
tr	O	Hatred was already flaring across your eyes , and I regretted that I missed your mother 's funeral .
tr	O	Ellie was less enthusiastic but she had to admit that this turn of events was a great relief .
tr	I	Routinely , although seemingly at random , scanned some on the way out and now the guards scanned everyone on the way into the facility .
tr	I	Then he hated himself when Brielle looked apologetic , and he felt his cheeks heat .
tr	O	I ask and he shrugs .
tr	O	she continued , and I stood to the side .
tr	O	I 'm not saying it 's good when you 're away , but I 'm getting a lot done .
tr	I	Every family refused , out of fear of his violent father , but then Maynard went from house to house , pleading for shelter .
tr	I	I 'm not the person you 're looking for , and I don 't have any power .
tr	I	She could imagine stars sparkling over her head like gems , but she couldn 't see the night sky .
tr	O	They started blabbing about how busy it had been , but the place looked pretty dead to me .
tr	I	I wished he were , but he wasn 't Aiden .
tr	O	* * * Sarah left a message with Michael Garrett 's service and he called her back immediately .
tr	I	It is too soon , but 28 May 1843 We tried to lessen the laudanum today .
tr	O	Her heart was beating fast , but it was the strong beat of exercise , not the flutter of fear .
tr	I	The last of her doubts slid away and Julie 's heart melted .
tr	I	I groaned and his tongue swept inside my mouth .
tr	I	Very soon both were covered in wet soil , and their struggling was fierce .
tr	O	He took another step forward but a nurse barred his way .
tr	O	If I am a complete imbecile , you are out nothing and I may even do you the favor of getting myself killed .
tr	O	He missed the reins , and the horse raced past , gradually slowing .
tr	O	It 's October , but the weather is pretty mild .
tr	O	Yes , he could continue his hobby of astronomy and yes , he could keep his Elvis Presley records .
tr	I	To be flirtatious with her but I could not help myself .
tr	I	She leaped out of bed to begin the day and it seemed to hearken a new beginning for her .
tr	O	He may still hear the voice , but its power over him had broken .
tr	O	His belief in her always gave her confidence and she needed that now .
tr	I	He nodded , and I asked .
tr	I	He waved away the barman , but he looked like he 'd been drinking .
tr	I	The way his heart swelled upon seeing Kate made it bearable , but Watching Casey walk away from him stung in a way he could not describe .
tr	O	It was true that El Presidente Santa Anna had abolished the Constitution of 1824 , but this was to be expected of Santa Anna .
tr	O	The clothes he 'd been wearing earlier were flung across the covers , but the rest of the room was neat as a monk 's chamber .
tr	O	Chapter 6 I heard Jason 's truck turning into the driveway as I sorted through my evening email , and a trip came into my heart .
tr	I	His eyes brightened , and I saw the moment he recognized me .
tr	I	You could have deflected the storm and one snap of your fingers .
tr	I	She knew he was trying to fight her compulsion , and his body tensed , as if he were straining .
tr	O	I picked up my own handful of leaves and flung them in his face .
tr	O	Before her was the image of the life she carried within her , and the room was filled with the strong sound of its beating heart .
tr	I	I 'm inclined to believe her , and she says not .
tr	O	The cell doors along the tier flew open in unison and the prisoners fell into lockstep with slop buckets in their left hands .
tr	O	A daylight howl was very unusual , and howling so close to galloping warriors was unheard of .
tr	O	Once he entered her , his own movements matched hers , and he was unable to prolong the arrival of his own climax .
tr	O	I can 't tell what the title is , but it looks old .
tr	I	She had really great fashion taste , but she was kind of an idiot .
tr	I	I felt something there , and it nuzzled my hair .
tr	O	The second crate was removed and he saw the body of the empty nuclear reactor housing , about the size of a small automobile .
tr	I	I blink them back , but tears sting my eyes .
tr	O	The sales head realized that his words had succeeded in doing what they were intended to and he quickly changed the tack .
tr	I	It wasn 't often enough , but Michelle still visited him whenever she could .
tr	I	I only know of the two leaves that are available for now but of course the whole book is probably of huge importance to us .
tr	O	A smile breaks out on both their faces , and there are a few moments of utter joy .
tr	O	The words echoed through his mind and he frowned .
tr	O	She doubted if a vampire hunter would be afraid of a spirit , but you never knew .
tr	O	It would take one hell of a woman to replace Christy , and Rich could only hope that James would find someone just as special .
tr	O	It had always annoyed Ty before , but now it was almost a relief .
tr	O	The cold wind blew fiercely outside , and no one dared to step out .
tr	I	She had none ... except to tell him to get lost , but he was still staring at her , waiting for her response .
tr	O	The family was in turmoil because of Hank , and they were not ready to defend him .
tr	O	I began to have new friends , and what 's more fun was Granny .
tr	I	I 'm afraid our remaining foes are mortal , but the attic provides extra protection against magical creatures with bad intentions .
tr	I	We moved onto the boat , and he sold the house .
tr	O	His feet slid off her desk and he leaned forward onto his elbows .
tr	O	Hanna looked at Kate , and Kate gave her a saccharine smile .
tr	I	In a language he understood , and Max needed to hear what was happening from someone he trusted .
tr	O	She was still hoping Kevin would ask her out , but he kept dragging his feet .
tr	I	There hadn 't been time , but Graham wished he could have a little more backup than his messed-up nephew .
tr	O	His face might be a picture of complete arrogance , but I see a spark of remorse in his eyes .
tr	O	The light was constantly broken and the door was always locked .
tr	O	The walls were painted a deep shade of blue and here , too , the shades had been pulled so that little light could seep in .
tr	I	I exhaled , and she left , the door closing behind her .
tr	O	They laughed again at my appetite , but I was used to it by now .
tr	O	This work was illegal , but for Mia this wasn 't a problem .
tr	I	His hair had been shaved to accommodate sticky probes attached to his skin , and an IV line disappeared into the crook of his arm .
tr	O	Horns blew , and the mighty host formed up for battle .
tr	I	Even the weather couldn 't relieve me of my funk , but it was a beautiful , perfect California day .
tr	O	He smells like sex , but I ignore that part .
tr	O	He peeled open the box , and it promptly unfolded into a large barn made of dark wood .
tr	I	I will be , and I promised her I would be in your corner .
tr	I	That at least hadn 't changed , and Vernon had never been one to wear out the English language .
tr	I	He did anyway to find out what the argument of the evening was , but he didn 't need to look to see who she spoke of .
tr	I	He still didn 't speak , but I looked at Sam .
tr	O	Rayford was finding it difficult to follow , but he decided to let Reinhard carry on .
tr	O	The light faded from Solange 's eyes and she lay back again on the couch .
tr	O	He knew they were eager to hear the details of his marriage , but he was in too much of a rush to get home .
tr	I	When she tried to get their attention , they darted away , but Kendra had seen a few twinkling fairies in the woods .
tr	O	There aren 't many in print , but there are some !
tr	I	Those blended with the deputy 's uniform , and the building blended with the surroundings .
tr	O	My memory was triggered and I remembered that old legend .
tr	O	Tears were stinging my eyes again , too and I couldn 't let her feel responsible for the mess my life was .
tr	O	Something had come up and he needed to fly out of town for the night .
tr	O	His eyes became focused and he glared at her .
tr	O	I don 't know why , but they laughed .
tr	I	I should 've known from the beginning , and my brain was slow to process it .
tr	O	Her face fell a little in disappointment , but I wasn 't sorry I was dragging her there .
tr	O	He pointed to it and she went in .
tr	O	Her mouth dropped open to speak , but she didn 't , couldn 't .
tr	O	It didn 't affect me quite as dramatically as it did him , but I saw things which made me comfortable with converting too .
tr	O	Dean released him and Ayden 's body dropped to the ground .
tr	O	It was Sunday morning , and William was just finishing his first cup of coffee when his business partner called him on the telephone .
tr	I	She seemed uninjured , but his heart hammered .
tr	I	Mack 's last sentence made her stop , but she was busy drying off with the towel .
tr	O	The next show was only hours away , and there was more work to be done .
tr	O	I couldn 't tell , and it didn 't matter .
tr	I	It 's different for me , too , but I know it 's probably a little scary .
tr	O	Budda wasn 't used to anyone calling him smart , and he liked to hear it from Addie .
tr	I	I glance back at Harlin , and the house is quiet in response .
tr	I	He ran toward it , nostrils flaring and a house materialized out of the darkness .
tr	O	The kisses become more intense and he leans into me .
tr	I	His eyes caught mine and he gathered all my hair in both of his hands at the back of my neck .
tr	O	She had to fulfill her role as Sybil this night and that meant she had to stop needing Ian so desperately .
tr	I	Now I could stare at him for as long as I wanted , and I used to steal glances of him as often as I could .
tr	O	I quickly stood up , and then I ran back to the cover of the entranceway .
tr	O	I am , but I can 't help it .
tr	I	Their attempts were futile , but his sons would try to comfort him .
tr	O	The room was dim and the only light was provided by burning candles .
tr	O	She struggled with holding three of them back at once , but there were another dozen trying to sneak by her as she did so .
tr	O	It took another half hour before the camp was once again settled down and the adventurers were dozing off .
tr	O	No one helps me , and yet this guy did .
tr	I	His voice was like a low hum in her ears , but it wasn 't so much that she heard his words .
tr	O	Not sure that would change anything , but damn if I don 't hope .
tr	I	She was smiling , and I saw her in the halls when she was talking to Marco !
tr	I	I had never felt more of a sense of pride in my life and she reacted to me , moved with me .
tr	I	I try to play it off , but my cheeks warm .
tr	O	Dawn was only a couple of hours away , and he had yet to spend time with her .
tr	I	He was smart about things , but Bobo was dumb about people .
tr	O	Of course , I didn 't have anything because I was fasting , but I still appreciated it .
tr	O	Everyone took a sip of their coffee and Dan crunched a s 'm ore Rachel was able to provide this time around .
tr	I	I do , but I 'm not sure why .
tr	I	This man 's different , but I know my history doesn 't back me up .
tr	I	The roar of the tornado stopped , though it left a ringing in his new body 's ears and the portal closed .
tr	O	Maybe Marcie hadn 't wanted to come , but a more plausible explanation was that she hadn 't been invited .
tr	O	He hadn 't even dropped her off at the hotel yet and already he was looking for an excuse to see her again .
tr	O	A callous arrogance had come into his tone , and I felt my sympathy fading .
tr	O	Lyssa couldn 't help but to do the same .
tr	O	Kim is always looking for smoke across the woods , but the sky is mostly floating thick brown clouds .
tr	I	That was dangerous and she wanted him .
tr	I	It smelled the same , but it was nicer than most of the magistrates ' courts he had been in .
tr	I	They 're so well-made that they 're virtually indestructible , but those clothes look as if they 're right on the verge of falling off my back .
tr	O	I paused at each open door , but the rooms , although packed with luggage , were empty .
tr	O	I know I should have gone to help her , but I was so scared .
tr	O	She frowned at him and his face became grave .
tr	O	It wasn 't the wild hunt , and it wasn 't our men .
tr	O	Whatever we did , it seems to have shaken them up , and I know of nothing that shakes people up as much as lost lives .
tr	I	Soon they 'd find help , and soon they 'd reach it .
tr	O	Killian took his shot , and of course , the ball went into the pocket .
tr	O	It has to mean something to us or we couldn 't do what we do .
tr	I	She shot upright and Teagan 's eyes popped open .
tr	O	It started with the same blackness , and to start with I just waited .
tr	O	We weren 't close enough for me to see the freckles , but I was positive they were there , too .
tr	O	She jumped up out of her chair and her mouth dropped wide open in shock .
tr	O	I chew on my thumbnail , trying not to panic , but suppressing my anxiety is becoming more complicated by the second .
tr	I	The little girl 's smile turned into a look of amazement with her mouth wide open and the audience gasped .
tr	I	Nothing comes up , but I google it .
tr	O	The skin splits open and the pain erupts up my arm .
tr	I	When movement ceased , he was completely still again , yet he flowed .
tr	I	She let go and he nodded .
tr	I	She 's crazy about the idea and we told her about the trip .
tr	I	She didn 't answer until we were both seated inside , but I looked at her over the hood of the car .
tr	I	She frowned at the otherwise empty room , and he was sitting in bed watching television .
tr	O	Miss them like crazy , but time also makes you forget .
tr	I	I owed it to my mother to take my time , but it might take a while .
tr	I	She didn 't want the issue of money to become a part of their relationship , but he was obviously wealthy .
tr	O	I 'd barely grazed her shoulder but it probably still burned like hell .
tr	I	The market quieted considerably and the lunch period ended .
tr	I	I made you grieve , and I only thought of myself .
tr	I	It was too late , but I reached for it .
tr	O	She was a virgin , but that didn 't mean she had been left completely alone .
tr	O	There was no moon and the fields were black .
tr	O	They seemed pleased to have uncovered something , and one of them handed the stack of paper to the officer , a triumphant look .
tr	I	Her jaw clenched and she looked back toward her grandma 's house .
tr	I	He startled me with his closeness and he was light on his feet .
tr	I	She craved another sandwich , and her stomach gurgled .
tr	O	His eyes went wide with shock and he broke off abruptly .
tr	I	They started to make a line for the loft and her father turned .
tr	O	They both nodded , and I was swept by a strange sense of deja vu .
tr	I	There was an uncomfortable silence between them , and their eyes met .
tr	O	Exits were sealed , but the conspirators attempted to climb out of the courtyard .
tr	I	She didn 't tell me , and I didn 't want to ask how much she had shared with her father .
tr	I	I smiled and she snorted .
tr	O	Some still were , and some probably would catch soon .
tr	O	He sat on the couch and she knelt beside him .
tr	O	I could have sent men after her , but they would be no match .
tr	I	She could see it on his face and she could feel it in her gut .
tr	I	Her heart suddenly filled , and she heard Ben calling for the dog .
tr	O	His Dana was in danger and he was furious that he hadn 't been there to protect her .
tr	I	Josef laughed , and Jo giggled .
tr	I	There was no chance I would ever see them again , and they would be dead .
tr	O	He 'd inherited the trait that had helped shape his career , but it was a pain in the ass when used against him .
tr	I	It was quiet outside and the house was dark .
tr	I	It couldn 't hurt to try it , but the idea was a long shot , a very long shot .
tr	I	An equal part was horror , but part of it was fear .
tr	O	I 'm not saying I have strong feelings for him but I can 't deny it could happen .
tr	I	I don 't know much about it , and I 've never been a dad before .
tr	O	She said she hadn 't seen her family in two years and the Company had recruited her right out of college .
tr	O	Tristan was Sun , and I was Moon .
tr	I	I wavered , and the blinker flashed .
tr	O	Ethan 's tone was flat , but angry magic peppered the air .
tr	I	It was hardly warm but his smirk was back .
tr	O	She hadn 't a clue where her assertiveness came from , perhaps exhaustion , but she couldn 't seem to stop herself .
tr	O	The wind picks up and I stop .
tr	O	The thing for whose sake I tell this journey happened at the very end of it , and even when I had thought it was finished .
tr	O	We won 't find anything at this price ... and I just love it .
tr	I	The Steer brothers had invited them to their home in celebration of the New Year , and it was the first week in January .
tr	O	His lips curved up on one side , and his icy blue eyes stared into hers .
tr	I	Now they were trying as best they could to deal with it and they had all landed in this situation .
tr	I	There were other places , too , but the west was western Kansas , of course .
tr	O	He wouldn 't know what to say and it was easier to ignore her pain .
tr	I	Mary , I 'm afraid , but I don 't want to believe he 'll hurt me .
tr	I	You can search him , and I 'll grab him .
tr	I	Parker leaned against the door frame , but she gestured toward the guest chair .
tr	O	I 'd thought she 'd go back out to the party , but instead , she turned to look at me again .
tr	O	He was my family , and I was his .
tr	I	She rubbed herself against him until his hands lifted her up against him , and she could feel his erection pressed against her .
tr	I	She could see herself going out with him , but more like dangerous in a sexy sort of way .
tr	O	I don 't think that kidney 's going to start bleeding again , but if it does , I want her there .
tr	O	Bonding , however , was an eternal commitment , and perhaps someone else was meant for him in his life .
tr	I	Adam was all for fire , but I thought drowning .
tr	O	There was something familiar about it , but I couldn 't quite place it .
tr	O	Thompson was a scientist and if a cure existed , he would have it .
tr	I	We will be reconciled soon and I pray you are well .
tr	O	His arms wrapped around her , trapping her crossed arms in front of her , and he lifted her off the ground .
tr	O	I sensed power around him too , but it felt different .
tr	I	That seemed as if it had happened days , weeks ago , but the last he knew he had been on his moped rounding a corner .
tr	O	I thought that the white broth looked disgusting , but I didn 't say anything .
tr	O	She 'll try Facebook next , and she 'll find him there .
tr	O	He 'd help Arik all right , but not for the reasons he thought .
tr	I	My memory had not served him one bit of justice , but I hadn 't forgotten what he 'd looked like shirtless .
tr	I	Then the band began playing a song , but she started to correct him .
tr	I	He wondered why she wanted it this way , but his suit allowed him to see clearly in the dark .
tr	I	Nothing could have prepared her for the perfection of it , but she expected the touch .
tr	I	Somehow she doubted it , but perhaps she still had enough of her power so she could conjure the image of the beast .
tr	I	A second later , he pulls back , but I grip him tightly .
tr	O	LEARNING JMS HIGH The following day was a Wednesday and we had our first lessons .
tr	I	He hoped she would understand , and he hadn 't meant for it to happen .
tr	I	That was no surprise , but they were seated immediately .
tr	O	The word began to hum around within the crowd like a taunting echo and Mrs. Vatican turned to address them all .
tr	I	Brett lifted it up and the phone rang at that moment .
tr	O	I tried to get to my father 's room , but the flames were blocking my path .
tr	I	Lea sticks her head in and moments later my door opens .
tr	O	My eyes connected with one of the running backs on the team , and he gave me a very subtle what up gesture .
tr	O	The orgasm slammed into her suddenly , sweeping her away so that she saw a blanket of stars , and her screams echoed off the walls .
tr	I	Everything was unusual -- but I looked around for any other unusual clues .
tr	I	She 's smiling nastily and I glance at Jane .
tr	O	McNair stopped , and the ranks quickly fell in line .
tr	O	She slid her small , sticky hand into his proffered one and he squeezed it .
tr	O	The door opened to the chime of the bell above it and Susie Gee came in .
tr	I	He suspected that wouldn 't happen , but he hoped she didn 't lose that appeal once he finally captured her .
tr	I	Now , with his upper body exposed , she could see just how perfectly he was put together , but she 'd already seen his long legs .
tr	I	She sobbed quietly against his chest , and immediately her shoulders started to heave .
tr	I	He shrugged good-naturedly , took a sip , then shoved it back in his pocket , and I gave him a disapproving look .
tr	I	There he was , exposed for the world to see , and he 'd already taken down his trousers .
tr	I	Soon he was known almost universally , and the other changelings saw him too .
tr	I	His ears have saved him from death but he is not royal enough to open whatever the knob should open !
tr	O	She felt intuitively that he was telling the truth this time , but she was equally certain there was more to the story than he was revealing .
tr	I	I 'm free and I 'm out .
tr	I	I brushed it back so I could see her face , and her dark hair hung in a limp curtain , hiding her features .
tr	O	He flexed once and the flimsy yoga pants I 'd chosen ripped apart at their seams , dropping around me in a pool of material .
tr	O	You spill blood for coin and I am the trusty hand of the king as well as the most powerful water magus in the country .
tr	I	The knight drew back , regaining a steady mounting , and something less than steel gave .
tr	I	He does not love you , but he may have married you , Jessamine .
tr	O	Yeah , that 's the easy solution , but the harder one has fewer long-term consequences .
tr	O	I can only see the backs , but they look like warriors with swords .
tr	O	The attack ceased as quickly as it had started and the demon raised its head .
tr	I	Now the memories poured out , and it was as if a dam had broken open .
tr	I	We walked inside and I hooked my arm around his .
tr	O	He stood in front of me and he was laughing his old laugh .
tr	O	The band had been playing all through dinner and we 'd had to practically shout the whole time .
tr	I	I like you and I am here .
tr	I	The metal deck he was standing on , rotted with poison , crumbled underneath him , but Jace spun to block Alec .
tr	I	I did , but my older sister , Alana , never really got into it .
tr	I	She moved naturally into his embrace , as if they 'd been partners for years , and they stood .
tr	O	I look around and it seems like everyone 's staring at me .
tr	O	The doctors didn 't really know , and they didn 't really care .
tr	I	Anyone can do it anywhere , and it doesn 't cost anything .
tr	O	My blood chilled , and I slid off his lap .
tr	O	A delicious kind of warmth spread through me , but this time it wasn 't my ankle he was healing .
tr	I	The harbor at Riva seemed to come rushing up at us as we streaked down toward the city , and we began a long , shallow descent .
tr	I	If something should ever happen to Cassius , it would be torment , but she worried that Gordian might be killed in battle .
tr	I	I no longer heard the snuffling of the bull 's breathing and the reek of the lion faded .
tr	O	It was only for a moment , but a vision flashed before her .
tr	I	You didn 't even pause , and there were people , Avery .
tr	I	I knew she knew exactly what I meant by that and she nodded in my shoulder .
tr	I	He didn 't , but she thought he might smile .
tr	I	He could scarcely breathe and despair slammed into him .
tr	I	He glanced down at his lap and papa 's voice faded .
tr	I	That was the only mention of Damon , but I scanned the rest of the column .
tr	I	She 'd said that she didn 't want to uproot us all just because of the weather , and I 'd asked her about it before .
tr	O	Once he slams it down , he looks even more relaxed , and part of me wishes I could take a shot , too .
tr	I	We expect to know shortly but their motives are still unclear .
tr	O	I 'll keep in touch ' and she disappeared into the crowd , leaving me with a smile on my face .
tr	O	He wanted to leave Dauntless , but he stayed because of me .
tr	O	He tried picturing the brick walls in more detail but that didn 't help .
tr	I	He still blocked it with his large frame , but she started for the exit .
tr	O	She blushed , but I didn 't care that I was too blunt .
tr	O	She heard the chair creak , and then footsteps crossed the carpet .
tr	I	He didn 't know if he could hold out that long , but he wanted her to come again before he found his release .
tr	O	Taking a pair of forceps from his tackle box , Cal probed , and Creed cursed .
tr	I	It rained more and they formed a bigger cloud .
tr	O	He called her name but she didn 't respond .
tr	O	Why can 't we all just get along flashed through her head , but she knew that it was impossible .
tr	I	Lightning strikes as he cracks it across a group of ten apparitions , and Des pulls out his whip , that he must have been hiding .
tr	I	We moved into the fight , transforming on the first step and I gave Kali a look .
tr	O	Perry was still yelling for her to leave but she never would .
tr	I	The two of them descended into the ring , where Masha lay sniffling , and Amara smiled .
tr	O	Her blood turned icy , but she forced a smile .
tr	I	The driver closed the door and the two men got back in .
tr	O	I had his from them several times , but I was never close enough to be in any real danger .
tr	O	He was a perfect gentleman and I have no reason to believe that might change .
tr	I	When I saw it later on , I knew I had to blow it up , but it was such a random shot when I took it .
tr	I	We marched him down the long hallway that led down to the ground floor and Roach put Doodle in handcuffs .
tr	O	They sprinted up the stairs , and Caroline turned to her dad .
tr	I	We hung out Saturday night and I was here Friday .
tr	O	He didn 't understand the compulsion to divulge all of this information to a stranger , but somehow it seemed important Mack know .
tr	O	The old Blood Incubus was too strong , and he reached out for Uncle Macon .
tr	I	They made us drink it , but I knew it was opium .
tr	O	Twenty-three ships were destroyed in this battle , and it was the first time the Alliance had confronted the enemy face on .
tr	O	You took my money , but you spent it in a manner I might have were I in your situation .
tr	O	Colin had been my best friend since grade school and yet I felt like I didn 't even know the man who sat across from me .
tr	O	He pushed the button again and the door closed behind him .
tr	I	The wait will be torment , and they can announce their punishments at any time within the year .
tr	O	She starts texting on her phone but Colton steals it from her , pocketing it .
tr	I	I worked through them in my head , and the words kept changing .
tr	I	Taking off the thick leather apron threw it over the top of the hedge , and Laurence nodded .
tr	O	A whip of lightning cracked across the sky , and for one moment his profile was lit up .
tr	O	The car started its descent , and anxiety rolled through her .
tr	O	The tears were flowing freely now , and Lavender squeezed my hand .
tr	O	I ease open the front door , expecting gallons of the stuff to pour in , but it holds its form .
tr	I	He couldn 't break , and it would break him .
tr	I	She 'd only been thirteen , but she hadn 't yet had the sledding accident that broke her back .
tr	I	She quickly suppressed it , but a little tug of awareness caught her off guard .
tr	I	I figured the pain couldn 't possibly get any worse , but I hurt .
tr	I	I was not , but mom was a Soul Reaper .
tr	I	That doesn 't make us super rich like most people think , but my dad may be a doctor .
tr	O	The look on his face said he didn 't believe me , but then his gaze dropped .
tr	I	He , too , stood , and he raised a hand to silence Walter .
tr	I	He was looking down at them dispassionately and his hands were behind his back .
tr	O	We had become fat with our own little dominance , and internal conflict began to mount .
tr	I	She never went to college , so she couldn 't find some job that could pay her enough , and she only finished high school .
tr	I	Eric had to intervene with brothers angry that sisters were dancing for money , and some of the male Shifters didn 't like it , though .
tr	I	He 's mean , but he can have his turn with the rest .
tr	I	I wondered how he would even be able to wake up every morning if he lost her and he was holding her while she wept .
tr	I	He was almost certain that there was going to be trouble , and his princess had been smoldering since the incident with the amulet .
tr	O	Twilight made the trees all look alike , and it was easy to miss the subtle pointers .
tr	O	The sky overhead was clear , and the stars were still out .
tr	I	His mind was drifting off somewhere else , but it was like his body was here .
tr	O	His hot breath traveled down my neck and my body went into a near convulsion .
tr	O	His hair was highlighted by the Mexican sun , and the deep tan that lined his face gave him a character he didn 't really have .
tr	O	Her right leg began to bounce , and water sloshed over the rim of her glass .
tr	I	Every one of our group was in fight position , except for Thompson , who lie motionless on the floating deck and we were surrounded .
tr	O	No one said anything , but after a short pause , a thin youth of perhaps sixteen with curly black hair stepped forward .
tr	O	The crowd erupted in applause at the happy moment , but all Willow could do was cry her heart out .
tr	I	I dug my nails into my palms , and as the seconds passed , my chest tightened .
tr	O	His head bowed forward and he sat back on his legs .
tr	I	It couldn 't be , but at first I thought it was Sam .
tr	O	I was not certain , but it was likely the first kind of physical contact she had had in a long time .
tr	I	The hut looked like it had been used from time to time , and the land was in the process of being prepared for planting .
tr	I	The temperature hadn 't fallen yet but the sun had begun to set .
tr	I	He was less likely to slur his words at shouting volume , and this method ensured they were unable to smell the alcohol on his breath .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed as he moved his hand up swiftly , and he moved toward me slowly .
tr	O	His wife knew best , and she was always right .
tr	I	Since Saber 's arrival , they had eased , but the nightmares hadn 't stopped .
tr	O	The room got dark and the place got quiet .
tr	O	The flight was faster than normal and she landed in New York by early evening .
tr	O	The rock was cool beneath her feet , and her tin made her skin far more sensitive than normal .
tr	I	This was the last service of the evening , and there were no more stops to come now .
tr	O	The noise abated and his engine was switched off , filling the area with silence .
tr	I	I didn 't give a damn , but every inch of my body hurt .
tr	I	You will see that it is not all in vain , and I will tell you about myself .
tr	I	I wanted to believe I did , but of course , I didn 't .
tr	I	The minute hand crept about the face but the second hand raced around in a barely noticeable blur .
tr	O	Mother didn 't have her child back but she knew that it would happen soon .
tr	O	She followed my hand to my pocket and when I pulled out the square box , her eyes were as big as the moon .
tr	O	It was really expensive , and Logan had to come home from college .
tr	O	They 're harder , but we 're tougher .
tr	I	Derek is seventeen , and he 's fifteen .
tr	I	Everyone faced it and the door opened .
tr	O	I didn 't much want to hear it again , but there was nowhere else for me to go .
tr	O	His chest was heaving and with every sharp intake of breath , his firm body brushed against my chest .
tr	O	Amelia slipped her arm into mine without being invited as we stood up from the table and a thrill surged inside of me .
tr	O	He 'd never been disrespectful to his parents and he wasn 't about to start .
tr	I	Maybe it is the rain altering my perception , or some of the rust on the door looks to have been chipped off with a chisel .
tr	I	Within moments , he had managed to knock out every evil creature that was in sight , and Benji was a blur of motion .
tr	I	That was only the last career in a series , but I 'd been a trucker when it all happened .
tr	O	She knew I limped but she never saw my foot .
tr	O	He was very scrawny and his eyes had a weird shine to them .
tr	I	She tangled her fingers in his hair , and he wrapped his arms around her waist .
tr	O	She knew her people sometimes did that , but she hadn 't known the Others did it , also .
tr	I	Their position as well fortified , as was possible and it seemed as though they were as well equipped .
tr	I	I 'll never come back and I 'll just go away .
tr	I	Gavin was in the driver 's seat before I knew it and the door was slammed shut once he 'd tossed me inside .
tr	O	Johanna 's called three ahead of me , and I give her a nod of encouragement .
tr	O	We said nothing to each other , but we didn 't have to .
tr	I	The CS needed miners for the corporate vultures moving in to prey and the dead , fractured remains of our world were still mineral rich .
tr	I	My knees popped and I stood up .
tr	O	This was Kay Quin 's current hot spot of the year , and this was the second lunch they 'd had in a month .
tr	I	She knew that Gray needed to hear them , but Suzy felt shy about saying the words in front of an audience .
tr	O	The children looked healthy , and this made her smile .
tr	I	It pleased me to no end , and she made a face like she was grossed out .
tr	O	He offered me a small smile , and his eyes glittered with intelligence .
tr	O	I was certain some would find him handsome , but he was no Cassius .
tr	O	If they don 't understand it , they want to study it , and once they figure it out , they sell it .
tr	O	Chase was arrogant , but he did love her .
tr	O	You can trust me on that one , but that 's a story for another day .
tr	O	The calls did not go well and the men hastily vacated their hiding places as they scurried off to regroup .
tr	I	It was getting colder now that the sun had gone down , but the snow that had been falling all day had tapered off .
tr	I	Rena didn 't let them stop her from saying what she 'd come to say , but his words stung .
tr	I	Her ears didn 't stick out as much , and she stood straighter .
tr	O	That raised the hackles on the back of my neck , but I rather dimly perceived a way to end wars forever .
tr	I	Nothing happened , but Bryony waited .
tr	I	His wide , white eyes are alert and his long ears are upright .
tr	O	Mickey was on his best behavior , and it wasn 't a bad evening .
tr	O	A bag with clear liquid hung from one of them , but the other had thick red liquid .
tr	O	It took some effort to get the good doctor atop the plateau , but he proved fitter than he appeared .
tr	O	Robert said defensively and Claire smiled .
tr	O	He blinked over at me , and I took that for a no .
tr	I	They knew it , and they could have been building go-karts .
tr	I	She 'd been so certain he wouldn 't want Thorn , but had she looked carefully into his mind , she would have seen unconditional acceptance .
tr	I	I continued towards him and quickly I pulled my thoughts away from where they were headed .
tr	I	By then , we 'll have thought of something to tell them , and they won 't recognize him there , at least not right away .
tr	O	A word spoken , and no mouth malfunction .
tr	O	He said , and I nodded .
tr	I	I made to push him back when the doorbell rang , and he pushed me .
tr	I	She sounded frantic and it was Ethan 's mom .
tr	I	They headed toward the crime scene , and Charlie tossed her a half-hearted salute .
tr	O	With a certain degree of justice DC Hammond rated himself quite highly on the persuasiveness scale and he had been at his most persuasive .
tr	O	Life is an adventure and I believe this constant change should translate into one 's work .
tr	I	The tub is like a shallow sunken swimming pool , and the bathroom is the size of my living room .
tr	O	Hastings simply nodded in understanding , and before entering the limousine Mitch leaned down to speak to Erin .
tr	I	I had every right not to give her a response and she didn 't have the right to talk about Sofia .
tr	O	She had an emergency situation here and he would just have to wait .
tr	I	I couldn 't feel her as strongly , and Ellen grabbed at something that hung around her neck .
tr	O	He laid a hand over hers , and his bracelet caught the light .
tr	I	She guessed he 'd be back for dinner , but Thankfully Maverick was out of the house .
tr	I	I was sworn to secrecy and she revealed her powers only to me .
tr	I	Serena turns back around , and Mariam 's hand freezes in the air .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure exactly what he had in mind , but I wasn 't about to doubt him .
tr	O	On the one hand that was flattering , but on the other it made her nervous .
tr	O	They had always been competitive , their respective restaurants vying for the same upscale clientele , but this was going too far .
tr	O	I didn 't understand the strange words she chanted , but I recognized them .
tr	O	I can 't even see his face in the dim light , but his bulk is unmistakeable .
tr	O	He must prove himself , like any other , and he cannot do that without being sent into the world to live .
tr	I	He got off the bed , and she moved aside .
tr	O	She almost took him to task for not wiping the mud from his feet , but then she understood .
tr	O	Jeff looked puzzled and the arrogance he had once worn had now faded .
tr	O	I knew there were many things wrong with that incredibly long sentence but I didn 't have the brains to dissect it .
tr	O	Whistling a tune and wearing a smirk .
tr	O	The sensation peaked , and Evie cried out as she shuddered wildly in the throes of pleasure .
tr	I	She connected with most of the jurors , and her testimony made perfect sense .
tr	O	We ate something at the pizzeria close to the museum , and then we went back to the apartment .
tr	I	It sounds good , but I 'm not exactly sure if that 's right at this point .
tr	O	Mr. Jones will be the chief shuttle pilot , and Ms. Sinclair his copilot for the first test .
tr	O	The upper deck was open at the rear , and they would have a clear shot at him .
tr	I	Right now I needed to talk to the dwarf about more practical matters , and nothing I could say would make his guilt go away .
tr	O	Brielle greeted his words with silence , but she knew she 'd been defeated .
tr	O	The door slams and I am like a rag doll being dragged as my legs again whack the stairs .
tr	O	My eyes drifted over to his shoulder where the blood had dried and I winced at the sight .
tr	I	Buddy fought the temptation to take her into his arms again , and the moonlight added a glow to her face .
tr	O	They were damp and she hadn 't even known she was crying .
tr	O	Romulus might get them out of jams , but he got them into just as many .
tr	I	Emma last stood in this same cemetery before this same sleepy church and it seemed impossible that it had only been twenty-four hours since he .
tr	O	You are my mate , but I also want you .
tr	O	His mouth comes down on mine , and our legs tangle as we kiss .
tr	I	When would I ever get the chance to do this again , but my mouth opened to object ?
tr	O	The car from Golden Square cruised by , or one very similar .
tr	O	He tore it from himself , but another 's sword slashed his leg .
tr	I	Francesca is gone , but when I make it to the sewing room , Robbie is still sitting on the armchair where I left him .
tr	O	He saw the tall slim figure of Felix looking out through the window , but Felix did not appear to see him down there looking up .
tr	O	She won 't talk about it , but underneath I know it 's distressing .
tr	I	Misty made herself walk away from him , but he moved a little , grunting in pain .
tr	I	We have taken one of theirs , and they have taken one of ours .
tr	I	It 's bittersweet , but I 'm happy for him .
tr	O	It was true she was not supposed to go by herself , but this sunrise ritual was one she just had to complete alone .
tr	I	President Andrews was asking some very pointed questions , and it was a race against time .
tr	I	He falls forward , and it shoves Blaze .
tr	O	He was about to explode into flames from wanting this woman and she really did see him as some kind of emotionless machine .
tr	O	She didn 't know what to say , but she knew that she had to tell Hadley something .
tr	I	He could only give her so much comfort as the horse that she was riding on , and her only companion , her only friend was Deja .
tr	I	He watched as her expression blanked and his voice emerged rougher than he 'd meant .
tr	I	Soon she was in a deep sleep as the doctors went to work and a mask was gently placed over her face .
tr	O	Someone cleared their throat behind us , and we broke apart .
tr	O	They finished their drinks and Mel showed them around the small comm station .
tr	I	There are a hundred clues that he is more than he says , and we 've all been wondering about him .
tr	I	They tried to expose our secret and they found out what we were .
tr	O	It was either we learned to find a middle ground or we 'd sink together .
tr	O	She 's declared tonight girl 's night and I wasn 't getting out of it .
tr	O	It was an action she seemed to appreciate , and she kissed him back on the lips .
tr	O	At least he wasn 't trying to make me let go , but he didn 't say anything , either .
tr	O	Bad enough to be forced to stand naked , but the most humiliating moment soon pressed down until Dan feared he might never rise .
tr	O	A light breeze cooled his skin and the smell of spring reminded him of home .
tr	I	Simon excused himself before his mother started off on another one of her promotional speeches and Mark rolled his eyes .
tr	I	The chill of his skin told her she was too late , but her fingers pressed against his throat , feeling for a pulse .
tr	O	The hand was creeping downward , cupping my cheeks and my eyes rolled back in my head .
tr	O	A love song plays in the background and the kiss looks perfect ?
tr	O	She took hold of his arm and they left the club .
tr	O	Julie covers her mouth , but some laughter slips through .
tr	O	The lights were no danger now and I switched all of them on for a good look at what I had caught .
tr	I	Then realized what he was seeing was a burning torch , and he stared intently .
tr	O	There were still a few things that Janie wanted fixed but she didn 't complain much .
tr	O	He stuck through the rest of my explanation with barely a comment , but this obviously doesn 't make any sense to him .
tr	O	He informed him that something had happened at SITA , and all signs were pointing that it was Stewart .
tr	O	She glanced down but the dizzying height was her undoing .
tr	I	No-one was willing to ask why , and however Frank had been missing for the past five years .
tr	I	I took up position in case the perp came through the lobby , but I wasn 't the first here .
tr	O	He loved me often and I loved him fully .
tr	O	I pushed on the door , and Andrew stumbled backward .
tr	I	Unable to remain standing but she sat on the window sill , aware that she was demonstrating her weakness to her captor .
tr	I	I push the door open with her feet and she squeals .
tr	I	He hit his own face and his hands jerked .
tr	I	Soon to be failing to hold back her orgasm and she was whimpering , trying .
tr	O	He needed more than sex to make him feel better , and she needed to tell him as much .
tr	O	His words spoke to every moment of my life , but I remained quiet .
tr	O	There was a knock on Nick 's door and his personal assistant popped her head around .
tr	O	She might have honoured them if they had considered her feelings , but they had cared only about the propriety that society demanded .
tr	I	I put my hand on her shoulder and I could see Adele 's chest rising .
tr	O	There 'd been times he 'd felt sorry for Grace , but mostly he 'd tried to pretend she didn 't exist .
tr	O	He took a step towards her , and his dark eyes seemed to plead with her .
tr	I	He muttered a sleepy curse as he fumbled for the receiver , and the phone rang at two in the morning in Frank 's room .
tr	I	She 'd just be fighting the inevitable but she 'd fight him the entire way .
tr	I	The twinkle in his eyes made her laugh , but he sounded nearly as shaky as she felt .
tr	O	She screamed again for help , and a gloved hand clamped tightly over her mouth .
tr	I	I closed my eyes but I could hear their screams .
tr	O	I didn 't entirely know the story of her own conception , but my mother had been raped .
tr	O	His mouth moved with a practiced skill and Simone gave a low moan of pleasure .
tr	O	The atmosphere around the meadow hadn 't bothered him and he had instinctively sought it out .
tr	O	There was no time when there had not been pain , and there was no time when there would not be pain .
tr	I	My hand fell against my side and I let go of the door .
tr	I	We have always respected each other in the past , but we are rivals .
tr	O	Stumbling footsteps came closer , and the middle-aged man lit a tobacco pipe .
tr	O	It was selfish , but I had no idea how else to deal with it .
tr	O	I was pretty sure that wasn 't even possible , and we had a team of scientist working to prove that .
tr	O	He didn 't owe her anything , least of all an explanation , yet he found himself starting to speak .
tr	I	A whisper as the human forces approached the Lycan camp on silent feet , but the attack started , not with a bang .
tr	I	It would be a long journey back and I am pretty far from the Base .
tr	I	I had , but the voice of the god had not changed in all those years .
tr	I	The fog hid its shape , yet the monster had been so close he could have hugged it .
tr	O	I walked toward her , but she didn 't move .
tr	I	Our bodies glistened with sweat , her hair wet near the roots , and the room was warm .
tr	I	The whole cafeteria at my school saw me do the walk of shame and except for maybe the time I had toilet paper sticking to my shoe .
tr	I	He gives only particular friends that number , much to his mother 's irritation , but he has his own phone , of course .
tr	I	In the quiet I could hear how wet he was making me and his fingers kept stroking me .
tr	I	It was probably 90 % of the population , but nobody knows exactly how many people the bugs killed .
tr	I	The two bulls ran over volcanic grounds but the ground he stood upon was safe .
tr	I	He could fight it , but one was in his mind , paralyzing his thoughts .
tr	O	Jill was truly speechless , but she tried to salvage the moment .
tr	O	The keeps were meant to hinder us , but the fatal trap remains .
tr	O	Her mind began to wrap itself around Jeremy but he pushed enough to prevent her from gaining a firm grip .
tr	I	No one seemed to be able to draw him out , and Bob had simply withdrawn into himself .
tr	O	I meant to sound understanding but it came out like I was bragging .
tr	O	She tried to console him over the phone , but it would have been easier if she could have been by his side .
tr	O	Victoria did as he suggested , and it did , indeed , lessen the pain .
tr	I	While I don 't advocate any kind of racism , they do make me feel a bit uncomfortable , and they 're very devoutly Muslim .
tr	I	She had to do it anyways and it would change the pace of things .
tr	O	He plunged deep , and liquid warmth rushed past to ease his entrance .
tr	O	Her eyes focused and her heartbeat tripled .
tr	I	He lifted her to the bridge and his hands settled around her waist .
tr	I	Jo knew better than to tease Laura as it always seemed to backfire on her and she didn 't want to hurt Laura 's feelings !
tr	O	A search is always carried out but nothing is ever found .
tr	O	Unable to sit still , I stood , and the floor was cool under my bare feet as I padded over to the window .
tr	O	The vampire jerked its head toward the house and we were off .
tr	I	He wrote figures on a chalkboard , and he showed them photographs .
tr	I	I 'd die before I went there , and the alternative was giving in to Hank .
tr	O	She hailed another cab , but it passed her by .
tr	O	His hold loosened on me and I jumped from his lap , breathing deeply .
tr	I	Evie guessed he was trying to distract him in the hope he 'd move the gun away from Abe , and Peter asked .
tr	O	It smelled bad and it was noisy .
tr	I	He 'd convinced her to leave , and there had been a strange man staring at Grace .
tr	I	My eyes went hot , and Isaac drawled , taking a step toward me .
tr	I	Her eyes seemed kind , but her face was filthy .
tr	O	The elder knocked on the door and it opened to reveal a man with a pale complexion .
tr	O	She stared back at Liz with an unreadable expression , and Liz wondered whether Savannah could see right through her .
tr	I	He would need to feed , and eventually the hunger would take over .
tr	I	The thrill outweighed all thought of caution , but Recipe for disaster said it all .
tr	I	I 'm guessing there are some black clothes inside and he hands me a bag .
tr	O	As she watched , his eyes flew open and he made a terrible sound .
tr	O	Jim had had a restless night , and the alarm clock hurt his brain .
tr	O	The surrounding trees were ablaze , and almost all the military vehicles were incinerated .
tr	O	Her mouth was dry and her back ached from sleeping on the pull-down bed .
tr	O	A couple more shots , and he sank the ball .
tr	I	Before she could prevent herself , she curiously scanned it , and she passed a door .
tr	O	He stretches a while and I take a few more mouthfuls of water from the warm bottle .
tr	I	I nodded , and asked Ron .
tr	O	Their eyes met and clung then they parted .
tr	O	He stepped back and I stared at him , with the lights shining all around his gorgeous face .
tr	O	I didn 't really turn Rick into a toad , but a toad appearing out of thin air carried the same effect .
tr	I	His eyes are hazy with happiness , and my hands are in his hair .
tr	O	The fitting gave and he staggered backwards .
tr	O	Winston 's sensors registered an increase in ambient temperature , but this did nothing to limber his frozen joints .
tr	I	Jeff didn 't want him to appear and Garvey had not yet appeared .
tr	I	The altars flooded with worshippers and a cloud of glory descended .
tr	O	Boo barked as if he was offering an answer , but Link already knew it .
tr	O	She couldn 't , and neither could Perry .
tr	I	I couldn 't see it , but I knew the water was down there .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure of that , but he certainly hoped he would be .
tr	I	Her cheeks grew red with embarrassment and her words come out too fast .
tr	I	Then both shut our doors at the same time , and we stare at each other over the hood .
tr	O	A round clipped my thigh , but adrenaline kept me going .
tr	I	The vampire lowered his head - and it glinted in the light - a medal on a thin gold chain .
tr	I	Anxious to watch Auron finally die and King Richard asked , impatiently .
tr	O	An owl hooted somewhere above us , and I pictured it sitting on the flaking branch of a gnarled pine , wide-eyed , listening .
tr	I	Amelia 's going to the right , and Allegra 's coming from behind .
tr	I	She set it up immediately , and the first box she opened was the one with the perimeter monitoring system .
tr	I	It 'd still be best if you could discourage him ... but she probably knows better anyway .
tr	I	We thought it would collapse , and several times the Cathedral shook .
tr	O	The light flipped on and I blinked , surprised .
tr	I	I scrutinise their faces and they shake their heads .
tr	O	There were no sparks flying into the atmosphere now and with this rain there was no chance of fire .
tr	I	The second half started , and the whistle blew .
tr	O	It had been an exhausting time and she wasn 't sure how much longer she could hold up under the strain without cracking .
tr	I	Yet he couldn 't answer the question , either and he couldn 't lie to her .
tr	I	My stomach dropped and I walked in .
tr	O	She did not even recall waking since arriving at Reynard , yet they said she 'd awakened several times this last week .
tr	O	Half of the hut 's facade has been blown out , and the roof sags heavily over the missing section of wall .
tr	O	The recoil shocked through me , but Oliver was holding me tight .
tr	I	I 'll tutor you and if you take German as your elective here , just let me know .
tr	I	Being bitten by a snake is never pleasant , but it wasn 't hard to counteract the venom , fortunately .
tr	O	She couldn 't see his ghosts , but they were obviously real to him .
tr	O	His eyes shot to mine and I prayed the gift hadn 't left me .
tr	I	There are no priest holes and it 's not a dungeon .
tr	I	I gripped her with everything inside of me and I had my girl .
tr	O	He smiled at her with seeming benevolence , and Harriet forced herself to meet his gaze .
tr	I	Me hands tied behind me back and I wake up with me head throbbing .
tr	I	I wanted to fall at their feet and I knew they were all spirits .
tr	I	We stood close together in the shadows and Alexander drew me behind the circular stairs .
tr	O	He was surprisingly well educated for a barbarian , and that unnerved her even more .
tr	I	I 'm not always happy about some of the methods ... but I still believe in the cause .
tr	O	He has asked before and the answer is always the same .
tr	I	His gaze was watchful , and he stood a distance from the others .
tr	I	She nudged her foot against his , and he hesitated .
tr	O	The road to the base trailed off to the right , and Tom followed it .
tr	O	I wasn 't so sure how I felt about it , but Jude was sure enough for both of us .
tr	I	Neither , thankfully , was Nora and Jake was no longer in sight .
tr	O	Then she looked out into the hot whiteness of the day , and all was as it had been .
tr	I	They ate at a restaurant that was known for its lasagna and Devlin drove them to the next town over .
tr	I	I can 't tell how deep it is through the veil of darkness and it is murky .
tr	I	He was swept back into the Danube and when the demigod drew closer , however , he felt the river pull on his legs .
tr	O	I might have liked that he was taking things slow at first , but I definitely enjoyed discovering what more he had to offer .
tr	I	Fortunately for us it tipped Reason 's mind to how apathy is being spread , but somehow this invalidated his claim .
tr	O	She sensed that blue gaze as surely as a touch and it made her skin hypersensitive .
tr	I	Reacher stepped forward to take it and EDWARD LANE HELD the framed photograph like an offering .
tr	O	From where , Raj came and he intervened us that we didn 't know .
tr	O	I had hoped I could say it better , but it was too late to take it back .
tr	O	I waited , but he didn 't continue .
tr	I	The short walkway was easy to navigate and many of the terminals were left empty .
tr	O	Miss Wren sat on the bottom step , and as she lowered herself I could almost hear her old bones creaking .
tr	I	In a way , Eva could understand why and she did seem besotted with the fellow .
tr	O	She waited until he 'd left the room and the door was closed before she continued .
tr	I	When I look again , there 's no one , but I think I see someone standing up at the top of the cliffs , watching us .
tr	I	At least she 'll listen , but she might tell everybody else .
tr	I	It only revived Peeper 's wariness , but I was pleased with this improvisation .
tr	I	To me it 's the first normal thing we 've done , but the aquarium might not seem like much to some people .
tr	I	Her palms burned where the rope slid across her skin , and Liza 's heart hammered painfully against her ribs .
tr	O	Miracles like this happen every instant of our existence and yet we are not in awe of the world .
tr	O	I don 't really know what I was hoping for , but I had pinned my hopes on Dr. Davies .
tr	O	Her tongue felt solid , and her lips felt heavy .
tr	O	I looked toward both of my parents and they clearly didn 't believe a word .
tr	O	He might wear the body of a man , but she 'd seen into his eyes .
tr	O	I 'd even told Gavin the last time he 'd called that Winkler had found himself a lady wolf and I 'd used the term lady loosely .
tr	O	It was for that reason they were not stopped , but a tracking device has been planted inside their craft .
tr	O	He had a girlfriend on the side but he really loved my fruitcake .
tr	O	I feel like absolute shit and you probably have no idea .
tr	O	His strong arms close around me and we sway together in the light of the moon .
tr	I	I 'll worry about that later , but my hours might get cut once he comes home .
tr	I	She shoved me in the direction of his room and I nodded quickly .
tr	O	Right now I don 't know and I don 't particularly care .
tr	I	You know it , and you 're a morsel too sweet not to partake of .
tr	I	She felt a tiny thrill along her nerve endings and Jonas 's leg idly brushed against Verity 's in the water .
tr	O	He could not identify it , and he did not like it .
tr	I	It was the cafeteria and they went in there .
tr	O	I never had a mother and I don 't need one .
tr	O	I hated their relationship , but how could I resent her feelings ?
tr	O	The ground shook and a fissure opened .
tr	O	Pop did not detect my lack of enthusiasm , or he ignored it in his celebratory jig .
tr	O	He was right , but I had to try .
tr	I	Miraculously I didn 't lose anything from my trays , and his hands were quick to steady me as I lost my footing .
tr	I	Flung open the window , letting in a rush of foul Manhattan air and in one swift movement he shoved me into the sill .
tr	O	I didn 't know which , and I didn 't know where .
tr	O	Brant stopped in the midst of lifting his axe and Luke made an unintelligible sound .
tr	I	Evan led me down , and it was a staircase .
tr	I	He 'd put it on his head as he twirled around in circles , and he had a basket of his own today .
tr	I	I jump , and the bell rings .
tr	O	Well , she couldn 't but that wasn 't the point , she told herself .
tr	O	He was close to losing it , and she could not push him further .
tr	I	He patted her nose affectionately , and the creature clicked excitedly when she saw him .
tr	I	That wasn 't the worst of it , but surrendering his guns bothered Clint something fierce .
tr	I	Theo did not know how to do this , but all he needed now was a melody for the verses .
tr	I	He didn 't act like he was tense , but I could feel the tension rolling off him .
tr	O	You made these things and you destroyed this town .
tr	O	He looked at me , and then I noticed something about him .
tr	O	Cassidy could tell something was wrong , and she wouldn 't stop asking .
tr	I	Lizzy had a week off for the holidays and Simon wouldn 't miss any school .
tr	I	She 'd been beaten to a pulp , and she was almost as pale as he was .
tr	O	I 'm sorry to say you 're stuck with me , but in that same sense , I 'm stuck with you .
tr	O	His already pale hair had whitened further with plaster dust , and his cheeks were streaked with ash .
tr	I	Well , Drew 's a great friend , and good friends don 't question stalkerish tendencies .
tr	O	I want to be totally honest with you , but now 's not the time .
tr	I	We walked after the animal , back down the mountain and I nodded .
tr	O	* * * Kelly searched through the liquor bottles but nothing stood out .
tr	I	Revulsion twisted my insides , and he cupped my cheek .
tr	O	I thought he might have a chance of getting through to Five , but that last comment by Nine was enough to set him off again .
tr	I	No matter what I did , it wasn 't enough , but I tried to protect Evie .
tr	I	There I go , butting into your business again and I came here to apologize for interfering .
tr	O	He owed something to Tequila , but he wasn 't sure what .
tr	O	The white sheets on the beds are covered with dust , and the beds themselves seem to have sagged in the centre .
tr	O	His face grew angry and he took a few steps forward so that he was close to me .
tr	O	All that was left to do now was the magnets for the lid , but that could wait till tomorrow morning .
tr	O	Except she wanted him forever and he wanted her for right now .
tr	I	It was the first positive response Sue had received but it was a longshot .
tr	I	I 'm reeling him in , and he is on the line .
tr	I	In any case he knew that these problems were merely temporary , and despair was not really a quality that he was capable of .
tr	O	Charlie didn 't get back until after dark , and he looked more worn than he had the night before .
tr	I	The officer on duty whirled around , mouth wide open as I squeezed the trigger and my boot squeaked as I stepped forward .
tr	O	He finally pushed her away , and Julie was back on the ground , grimacing in anguish as she clutched her injured arm .
tr	I	Then she said what he 'd thought she would , and he could feel her thinking .
tr	I	It was pretty inane , actually and that was the most I got .
tr	I	Seconds later Johnny stood alone and the heavy got in .
tr	O	He pressed me tighter to him and his kissing became urgent , almost rough .
tr	I	I 'm having nothing to do with it , but you can play in this stuff if you want .
tr	I	I had blithely followed them out of fear that not doing so would lose him and he had made all the rules .
tr	O	Visiting her comatose sister became the greatest of Ms. Terwilliger 's priorities , and she harbored hopes of possibly finding a way to undo the spell .
tr	I	He dipped his head and her hands slid around his neck .
tr	I	Yet stay in one place and to move down the mountainside .
tr	I	At this point , I 'm not sure I have one , but I can tell he wants to appeal to my better nature .
tr	I	In terror that once turned off it would never start up again , and he had left the car running , both to save time .
tr	I	Josie was close enough to see it begin but it was just a small tremor at first .
tr	I	He found none , but he searched his soul for regret , for guilt at pushing her in .
tr	I	Words failed her as he walked back out of the bedroom , and Lauren 's heart cracked open .
tr	I	We got caught , and we were born into a system we don 't agree with .
tr	O	Not as good as that banquet I 'd enjoyed last night but it keeps you alive .
tr	I	She often disliked them for that and they 're so incurable .
tr	I	I decided not to question her again , but I would be working , not lounging .
tr	O	The family will continue to reside here at Cherrywood , and all will receive their normal allowances .
tr	I	Her knee met my temple and I doubled over .
tr	O	She 'd stopped shivering now , which felt better , but she was also very , very tired , barely able to stay awake .
tr	O	Tears burned her eyes and she blinked them back .
tr	I	I 'm glad I don 't see what had pictured and they all seem to be half full .
tr	I	I was definitely something , but I wasn 't sure exactly what I was .
tr	I	He felt the whoosh of air leaving his lungs , and the weight of Anne hit him in the chest .
tr	I	She refused to answer it , but the phone rang several times .
tr	O	It 's getting darker , and I 'll have to leave them soon .
tr	I	She quickly grabbed it , and she saw a forgotten bar of soap , malformed .
tr	I	Letting his eyes adjust to light was now painful and they had spent days underground .
tr	I	I didn 't mean for him to leave me behind , so I quickened my pace , but I had no idea where he was going .
tr	I	The signs that it had once been occupied were still there , but it was empty now .
tr	I	I think your ideas are incredible and I 've read through this file .
tr	I	I almost expected that roof to start dripping like a fresh wound , and the stark whiteness of the stucco walls further emphasized the crimson roof .
tr	O	My parents have been invited to this event in Gaborone and they 'll be away for the whole weekend .
tr	I	Then the Shifters laid siege to them here , and the dealers used my place as a base .
tr	O	My lips are parted , but I can 't speak .
tr	I	I had too much damn hair and the kid had a good grip .
tr	O	The farm had been turned into a secret military base and they were about to get to see one of the biggest secrets they had .
tr	I	Miranda couldn 't deny anyone a doughnut but they were already almost an hour late .
tr	I	The music was all there was , and they slid into another song , then another .
tr	I	That wasn 't counting what he 'd lost outside , and she 'd emptied the bowl four times .
tr	O	The end of that scene had a kiss , and Trystan didn 't think he could resist .
tr	O	I cleared my throat to keep from smiling , but my face still split in a wide grin .
tr	O	Every sound she tried to make came out muffled , but Julie kept screaming into his palm .
tr	O	A murmur rippled through the council , and Zeus raised his hand , silencing them .
tr	O	Gus pressed a button on the panel in front of him , and the gates opened wide .
tr	O	Prudence was an awful name forty years ago , but I named your mom , so it only seemed fair to let Jim name the other twin .
tr	O	When I confirmed his suspicion , the screen door opened , and Trenton walked down the steps .
tr	O	It was very late because I had insomnia , and I often sit in the garden in the dark when I have insomnia .
tr	I	Perhaps the uncertainty was part of the test , but he wished his superiors would be more clear ?
tr	O	She 's heading up the stairs , but I know better .
tr	I	The attached hoods pulled over their heads and placing their arms in the intended slots the zip was pulled up .
tr	I	He 'd raised his children here and he 'd grown up on this tiny , floating world .
tr	O	Three of them carried guns , but the other two didn 't .
tr	O	She hadn 't quite escaped all the rain , though , and she shivered as she rubbed a towel over her bare arms .
tr	O	He alternated his attention between his beer and staring down into the water .
tr	I	We are opposites , but I like him .
tr	O	He always seemed to know what she was thinking , and this was embarrassing enough to tell herself .
tr	I	I 'm not her , but she 's inside me .
tr	I	She figured she 'd go along for the ride , but she hadn 't heard of most of these stores .
tr	O	He had me and he knew it .
tr	I	Even Dubois grew silent as Mab walked across the grass toward him , and a hush fell over the crowd .
tr	O	As he moved around the carriage , she followed , and the bushes chose to rustle rather than give way .
tr	I	I acted out and I got mad .
tr	I	The hurt he saw there made him want to wince and suddenly he could read her expression once again .
tr	I	She had seen a figure before , but Lucy didn 't see anything either .
tr	O	All he knew was that he had been dead , and now he wasn 't .
tr	I	He had been trained to view situational friendships with caution and from a psychiatric perspective it was clearly a situational friendship .
tr	I	There was no putting this conversation off ; but an afternoon of salvaging what he could from his life 's work had obviously taken its toll .
tr	O	It was Saturday night , and he 'd made reservations at D.D. 's on the Cove .
tr	O	Thayer 's face went pale , but he didn 't flinch .
tr	I	She couldn 't look away from Mrs. Parker 's face to say hello to her stepdad , but Tom Galen 's voice filled Kylie 's ears .
tr	I	She wanted to let the others in on it , and she knows this shit is about to get real .
tr	I	Robert only chuckled , and Jamie ignored her .
tr	I	She felt a wave of desire rise up inside him , eclipsing that glowing beacon and Paul groaned .
tr	I	The hallway to the right of them had a strange red glow to it , and the one straight ahead was completely dark .
tr	I	My eye was twitching , and my head felt odd .
tr	I	I hoped that Conrad did not feel that and my body tensed when I heard his voice .
tr	I	Seeing Lili 's uncertainty had bolstered me immensely , but it was too early to know .
tr	I	Only one hundred of those are elevated and only one thousand students are enrolled each year .
tr	O	That end of London is crawling with cameras , and our guy will have busted up his hand pretty hard .
tr	O	I relaxed my clenched fist , and dirt seeped through my fingers .
tr	I	This time she didn 't back up , and he took a step closer to her .
tr	I	She shook me off , leaning out of my reach but I reached for her arm .
tr	O	They would live , and they would have puppies .
tr	O	He told someone he was an atheist , and this news had spread in a flash .
tr	O	She couldn 't imagine the young woman being in Hawaii alone , but if she was , Marla would use it to her advantage .
tr	I	I went over to Tegan , who still wore that odd , frozen look , and they all raised their mugs .
tr	I	Instead I began to count my heartbeats , and eventually I lost all sense of time in the darkness .
tr	O	He batted it away and it disappeared somewhere aft .
tr	O	He said this pleasantly as ever , but he plodded up the hill a little more quickly after that .
tr	I	I stop him , but Realm immediately starts to apologize .
tr	O	They all paused to smile at the friends , but Basha noticed several odd looks directed at him .
tr	O	He always puts such care into what we do , and I love it .
tr	I	So to this day Portals must be created by warlocks , and this kind of runic manipulation isn 't available to Shadowhunters .
tr	I	There is absolutely no mention about my failed Take Back the Night project , and I work hard not to blush at his name .
tr	I	He didn 't seem to notice , but Graham 's Collar was still sparking .
tr	O	Laughter broke my concentration and I followed the sound to those legs again , standing a little ways away .
tr	I	I was at a place where it didn 't matter , but I didn 't know what Ross 's response would be .
tr	O	The other members made no objections and it only made me angrier .
tr	I	Both times she was confused , sad , chaotic , and he had merged his mind with hers twice since rising .
tr	I	She kept her lips closed but Claire 's eyes opened wide .
tr	I	His phone was gone , but his charger was there .
tr	O	I reached for Alissa 's hand and we both held on in silence .
tr	O	They stopped in front of room 315 and Lyssa looked to Vel expectantly .
tr	O	I knew this wasn 't earning me any therapy brownie points but I was so raw I could bleed .
tr	I	The village would become a tomb for the dead again , and if they failed , he would never wake .
tr	O	It wasn 't the best warning system , but it was all we had .
tr	I	Kellar nodded , and Kiel asked .
tr	I	Dread fills me , and I remember Zeke saying that it would take hours .
tr	I	Apollo hauled her back , but she lunged toward him .
tr	O	I had known Dee for a matter of days , yet suddenly the prospect of life without her seemed inconceivable .
tr	I	The smashed milk buckets lying in a drift of snow under the shed , and cattle dead in the pen .
tr	O	The beetles told us the Hunter was coming , and by then it was too late to leave .
tr	I	They kept watch through the long days , and there were two who could bear the daylight , who did not need the darkness .
tr	O	The mountain roads were quite narrow , and it was actually easier to get around on horseback , which pleased Takeshi to no end .
tr	I	He was lost and his gaze dropped to her seductively swaying h * ps .
tr	I	I felt an overwhelming need for fresh air and everyone resumed whatever it was they were doing .
tr	O	That , I had no doubt , but I wasn 't finished .
tr	I	Everybody was looking on the gate where the monks would appear in a moment and the excitement was rising .
tr	O	If she hadn 't gone to Colby the day before , Valerie might have hesitated , but there was no reason now for her to stay .
tr	I	That was what he was going to use to kill the dogs and he made the poison balls of meat about the size of baseballs .
tr	I	Amira took her hand , and Helen was in reach .
tr	I	Each day before then , I wished it wouldn 't come and three days came by .
tr	O	She sprayed the woman in the face , but other than pinching her eyes shut in pain , it didn 't seem to faze her .
tr	O	he asked for the second time , and I felt my face crumple .
tr	O	He did it a couple more times on purpose , which was childish , but he liked seeing them flinch .
tr	I	Eventually we have to get on all fours to crawl and we go from standing full up , to crouching down .
tr	O	She 'd given them so much and they were just as determined to give back to her .
tr	I	I knew he was sleeping , and Vic 's eye was closed .
tr	O	He made to rush forward , but I grabbed his arm , spinning him around .
tr	I	Kelly most likely learned her lesson , and Daren should have been the bigger person .
tr	O	Maybe she should feel guilty , but I should too .
tr	O	Most days they kept the doors to the editing bays closed , but a small crowd spilling into the hallway piqued her curiosity .
tr	I	Billings had despised him , too , and the youngest had been Randy Smith .
tr	I	The speaker wasn 't a man , and it was not behind me , though .
tr	O	We pulled into the driveway , and he cut off the engine .
tr	I	She knew he was hunting her , but she couldn 't see him yet .
tr	O	The next rank was Magician , and you would have had to take a test to progress from one to the other .
tr	O	The impact of the bumper completely decapitated the head , but there was no time to marvel at my accomplishment .
tr	I	It was possible that they were manipulating her to get to me , but I didn 't believe Debbie was working with our foes .
tr	O	She tried to keep her tone casual , measured , but the emotions rushing through her made her voice waver .
tr	O	She was a werewolf , and she was afraid of me .
tr	I	She knew with absolute certainty she couldn 't get away , yet his touch on her arm was very light .
tr	I	He didn 't look surprised , but Jack looked down at it .
tr	O	The bed was five feet from the windows , and the windows were covered in gray vinyl shades .
tr	O	A loud hissing sound erupts , and I flip my light on in a panic only to find Ellis standing in my room .
tr	O	She really hated being backed into a corner , but she wasn 't going to let Gavin have the upper hand .
tr	O	I thought she was going to help me finish up my plan , but instead she grew a conscious .
tr	O	She held out her arms and he walked into her embrace .
tr	I	She imagined she was hearing their cries , and her ears tingled with the vibration .
tr	I	He actually stiffened , the old reflex returning unbidden and still inside the barn he heard footsteps on the path .
tr	I	I went straight to the centre of the room where I waited for the Council to speak and it slid open silently .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but I think she knew what Dornan was planning to do to my father .
tr	O	He opened the door , and we walked in .
tr	I	He hadn 't put it together , but yes , he knew something was up .
tr	I	My eyes were swimming in moisture , but I tried to pull myself together .
tr	O	I never would have imagined a roll in the hay could change my life so completely , but you never know what 's going to happen .
tr	I	There was nowhere to go with the restraints digging into her wrists , but Mira tried to rise .
tr	O	Lilla had the lights extinguished in the barn , save one that lit up his face and he spoke in a sombre , mournful tone .
tr	O	Eyes similar to Del a 's , but his eyes glowed gold not green .
tr	O	It flowed through the air like black ink , and when it curled back around her legs , a large crystal globe stood on a pedestal .
tr	I	They found a big ledge on the tunnel wall to stay on , but Hades Hall was still angled sharply down .
tr	I	She 's barely getting it to budge and her feet are slipping against the ice .
tr	I	Her face stilled and she looked at me then .
tr	I	He wasn 't occupied long enough , but she decided to get out while he was occupied .
tr	O	Nike might have been the Greek goddess of victory , but she was also the most beautiful woman I 'd ever seen .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure what it was , but I felt something for him too .
tr	O	He opens his arms , and I don 't understand .
tr	I	I was in too good of a mood to care , but I guessed what was coming .
tr	I	It was so hard for me to try back , but I knew she was trying .
tr	O	Claire grunted in agreement but it was small consolation .
tr	I	Luckily good sense caught up with her tongue before it had a chance to undo all their progress , but Angelina opened her mouth to defend herself .
tr	I	It was a barely tolerant politeness but Rachel had been nicer than most .
tr	O	She stoops to pick them up and a rattle becomes airborne the other way .
tr	O	I could lie to them , but I couldn 't lie to myself .
tr	I	You 've got a good mind , and you know a lot about what 's been going on .
tr	I	It took a long time to even begin to feel normal again , and it seemed like it was almost killing me .
tr	O	He drank two straight down and his head began to clear .
tr	I	Suddenly we were parked in front of the bright office of the motel , and off the interstate we rolled at what seemed to me incredible speed .
tr	O	She needed him to help Nika , and he needed her to survive .
tr	O	His face swam above me , blurring with tears , but I refused to release him to wipe my eyes .
tr	O	The blood oozes from me , but I do not feel pain .
tr	O	They knew me , and they hated me .
tr	O	She was becoming an irresistible force , and there was no stopping her .
tr	O	Mercer 's gaze fell on me , and the corners of his eyes crinkled .
tr	O	You just think you are because we spend so much time together , and you 're supposed to protect me .
tr	O	I wanted to ravish her more than I wanted to breathe , but I held back , savoring the vision of her first .
tr	I	It was nice to hear , but I didn 't believe that .
tr	I	I finally knew what my enemy was , but I felt sick .
tr	I	It was freaking beautiful and it was awesome .
tr	I	Tess spent some time there last summer , and my brother-in-law Dare works with the kids .
tr	I	It didn 't tell me anything that Professor Metis hadn 't earlier , but I scanned through the report .
tr	I	The shaft of the spear made me see stars , and I ran right into it .
tr	O	It was a Perfect play and George immediately thought of Timmy .
tr	O	They know everything a person could know about me and I see them fully , just as they are .
tr	O	Her name was Blair , and she was obviously leaving .
tr	O	She had a wicked sense of humor that only came out after a couple of orgasms and he loved seeing it .
tr	O	I realized that it was late and she was probably ready for bed .
tr	I	I could barely even think straight and my temples were pounding .
tr	I	I turned to Willa , and the gawkers eased away .
tr	O	His eyes opened and they shone like two giant , tawny jewels .
tr	I	It was so black at night , and there were so many scary noises .
tr	O	My gaze flickered in the direction of the guy at the bar , and my blush worsened when I saw him watching me with open curiosity .
tr	O	Annie was surprised to find herself sticking up for Vance , but she felt compelled to be his champion .
tr	I	There isn 't an item out of place and the appliances are all stainless steel .
tr	O	Harper glared back , and Gabrielle willed him to fold .
tr	O	We talked briefly , but she told me how she 'd fallen in love with you .
tr	I	Her eyes drift back to Blake sitting in the Jeep but she looks at me .
tr	I	Something about the way he held his shoulders told her he 'd given in , but his expression didn 't change .
tr	O	You are a good man , Gary , but you are no match for a vampire .
tr	O	At five feet tall , the repulsive troll might look unimpressive , but he was a dangerous beast .
tr	I	We assumed he was the crusty old bachelor type and he 'd never mentioned a wife .
tr	I	Now your life is at stake too and you didn 't do him any favors !
tr	I	I felt excited about the day ahead of me , but Chapter 6 I awoke later than I had planned .
tr	O	They burned , burned using the ghoul for tallow , and the thing went mad with the pain .
tr	O	The door opened and Celine found herself staring into the thin , well made-up face of Sophia Redgrave .
tr	I	The words in my mind burned , but I couldn 't speak a response .
tr	O	It had to provide an adrenaline rush like nothing I experienced before , and I wanted to try it .
tr	I	Julia was mentally preparing for the school session and Chapter 33 Summer was coming to an end .
tr	O	I 've stopped shivering , and false warmth flows through me .
tr	O	It 's going to be hard for you for a while , but we have to go .
tr	O	Amy didn 't pick up on her concern , but Kyle did .
tr	O	I raised my eyebrow at him , and he lifted his hands in defense .
tr	I	There is nothing remarkable about me , and my name is Ethan Chase .
tr	I	They went through security together and he met her halfway .
tr	I	This is what I want to hear , but that 's all I hear for years now .
tr	O	It sat against the wall between the couches , and I lowered myself into it .
tr	I	Silver didn 't have a slightest wish to touch him , and this weird guy wasn 't attracting her at all .
tr	I	She grinned and I groaned .
tr	O	I know it 's way past his bedtime but I was trying to keep him awake in case we needed to run out to the hospital .
tr	I	I regretted that my existence made life harder for her but no , she didn 't regret having me .
tr	I	You for yours , and I 'm responsible for my feelings .
tr	O	She heard Devon 's soft hiss of displeasure , but she did not stop .
tr	O	Drake raised his eyebrows , but his eyes remained closed .
tr	I	They weren 't tall enough to bring me eye-to-eye , but the heels on my boots were killing my feet .
tr	O	It is the book of Kali 's evil child , and as such has only recipes for promoting evil .
tr	O	The sun beat on Kara 's arms and a warm southwest wind blew her hair .
tr	I	Her skin is sallow and her shoulders are slumped .
tr	I	He tasted blood and the back of Ty 's head banged into Zane 's lip .
tr	I	There was one person I didn 't see , but I too was glad to see them here .
tr	O	It 'll balloon out when I pressurize the rover , but it 'll hold .
tr	O	Carlotta tried not to , but she winced .
tr	O	I tried to divert Mo from that way of thinking but he said I just didn 't understand .
tr	O	Our hearts were racing and our breathing was shallow .
tr	I	She felt another twinge of disappointment , and Eric handed her the bag of chocolate .
tr	I	She always ignored it all , telling herself it was the beer talking , but he would start calling her names as she walked .
tr	I	Nothing came out , but her mom opened her mouth , obviously to scold Kylie .
tr	I	We found a black oriental jewelry box , and I am at the cabin this week on a hunting trip .
tr	I	The other team needed five yards for the first and it was now third down .
tr	O	He 'd never had a chance to say goodbye to his mother ... And she 'd walked away from him in New York without saying goodbye .
tr	I	She obviously noticed I was miserable and it 's not like I could share this with my wife .
tr	I	She looked down at his feet , and she trudged on in his shoes .
tr	I	She forgave me anyway , but she stared at me , a softening in her eyes told me that she knew I was not being honest .
tr	O	I 'm her granddaughter , but I barely know her .
tr	I	It was useless , but Duncan , tried his best to calm her .
tr	O	Kramer started , ' What 're you -- ' But Justus passed by , nudging him in the ribs .
tr	I	She swore she felt his fingers tighten slightly , as if measuring her arms , and the heat of his hands sank through her sweater .
tr	O	She was busy having fun , and I was busy ... well , busy .
tr	I	It felt like about a hundred feet down by the time the hallway leveled out but I had no real way to measure such things .
tr	I	The longer she was away from Chain , the happier she was starting to feel , and Scorch was sex on legs .
tr	I	She was not , and No wonder she hates me : because I was spared .
tr	I	Xavier only sighed , but I felt sick .
tr	I	I turned , giving him thumbs up , before heading into the change room , and he called after me .
tr	I	Uncle Pete manages the entire ranch , but my mom owns part of it .
tr	I	They headed outside and she quickly changed .
tr	I	His head still ached , but the queasiness had faded .
tr	O	The sun had indeed set , and darkness had fallen on the city .
tr	I	He slammed open the door , startling Eugene inside , and Aidan smiled back at Leah as they came upon the entrance .
tr	I	She grew angry , and he glanced down at her feet .
tr	I	I won 't do it again , and I made the mistake of trying to force you into something you didn 't want once .
tr	I	She 'd have no insurance , or she didn 't dare give him all the money up front .
tr	O	Her breathing sped , and he swore he saw her eyes darken before she looked away .
tr	I	The opportunity never really presented itself , but I meant to ask Dorian about the Yew Land .
tr	O	I am in a bed in Amity headquarters , and the smell of sawdust is in the air .
tr	I	Sean wanted me to go out , but she wants me to stay put .
tr	I	She shook it off , but an image of Marc surfaced .
tr	I	I don 't fault you for that , and I understand you wanted to protect me .
tr	I	He waved back from behind his paper and I waved at him as I passed .
tr	I	He immediately rolled over , giving both of them an open invitation to rub his belly and Olivia unclipped Runner 's leash .
tr	I	This morning he had suddenly become adamant about going north , but West had been his preferred direction so far .
tr	I	She seemed content , and he spotted his daughter , Luanda , arm in arm with her new husband , the McCloud prince .
tr	I	My face flushed , and my heart beat erratically .
tr	O	She did know , and she was grateful .
tr	O	She worked in the Arcana Foundation , restoring old documents , and she had a confidante named Ms. Jones .
tr	O	He hadn 't been happy at the lake house when she had mentioned she was seeing someone , and she had been jokingly talking about him .
tr	I	Your job is to make sure it stays open , and they 'll open the door .
tr	O	Ruby cried and David looked up at me with a small grin .
tr	I	Silence takes the place of all and I have no time to cry out to Uncle Cassius before the world snaps to black .
tr	O	She was defensive , and Grady immediately knew that she probably couldn 't afford it .
tr	O	He winks , and I laugh .
tr	O	The soldier smiles , and his comrades laugh .
tr	I	She could feel his h * ps press into her , and his body moved over her .
tr	O	When Holly miscarried , he 'd been wanting kids for nearly five years , but she 'd kept putting him off .
tr	O	The cab was stuffy and though I wanted to shed the jacket , I was worried that that would make the pepper spray harder to get to .
tr	I	She snuggled deeper into his embrace , her eyes closing and his breath blew warm over her cheek .
tr	O	I start for the kitchen and she tensely follows after me .
tr	O	A normal person would 've felt bad for them , but I really didn 't feel anything .
tr	I	It wrecked my sleeping habits , but it was part of the job .
tr	O	Well , yours might not , but Fat Charlie 's certainly did .
tr	I	The band changed and before long the gear had been stowed .
tr	O	You may have fooled my brother , but you will not fool me .
tr	I	Connor crossed the empty street to investigate the building and men were pushing carts of produce into the building .
tr	I	His shining star stared back at him , and the door to the bathroom opened .
tr	O	I 'm sorry to tell you this , but your mother 's taken a bad fall .
tr	I	Something inside of me broke , and Henry sighed .
tr	O	Nick would have driven his car back tomorrow , but she doubted Logan wanted to hear Nick 's name mentioned right now .
tr	O	He looks creepy , but I 'm so angry at him that I 'm not scared at all .
tr	I	She knew it wasn 't her ... but sometimes she woke up in the morning after having crazy dreams about a girl who looked like her .
tr	O	Perhaps we should have named him Gandhi and he felt rebuffed when we referred to him as Tarzan .
tr	O	It took Keller 's animal reflexes to block her , and the movement sent another pang through her injured shoulder .
tr	I	Then his hands slowed , and Damon started to rack the bal s .
tr	I	He wanted to get to know more about her , and Leigh was different in every way that was good .
tr	O	It was coming from the trees but he could not determine where exactly .
tr	I	She felt the heat of a blush , and her hands flew to her cheeks .
tr	I	He moved slowly further into the dark passageway , and the deeper he moved the cooler the air became , unusually dry for a cellar he thought .
tr	O	She rolled up the manual window and it was practically frozen shut .
tr	I	He knew that he was trapped , but Nigel thought of the car , thought of running to the Oldsmobile .
tr	O	We can 't count on the King 's mindset any longer , and there is no way we will let Eris take the throne .
tr	I	Right after breakfast , we headed out the door , and the night disappeared in the blink of an eye .
tr	O	His grappling quickly becomes wrestling , and he pins me for a minute on the sheets .
tr	I	Her khakis pressed , and her polo shirt was wrinkle free .
tr	O	Her energy was a little overwhelming , but I was happy she was there .
tr	I	I was going to start wailing with grief soon and I felt my self-control starting to crumble .
tr	I	A little damp beneath my fingers , and I registered something soft , cool .
tr	I	I can 't close the distance , and he 's a mere five feet away , three steps from my arms .
tr	I	She shook her head , and I pointed to the bottle on the table .
tr	O	You could have backed away , yet you did not .
tr	O	I 'm a maid at the moment , but I 'd like to work in a shop .
tr	O	My father stood next to her and they sort of communicated with music .
tr	O	The air vibrated with fury , and the Felines attacking Andrea fled .
tr	O	Cody looked at us again and his face tightened with determination .
tr	O	He knows his horses , but there is something else about him , too .
tr	I	She knew what they would look like , but she could not see the ice dragon 's eyes .
tr	O	The angels are all the same person , and the skies are always the same blue .
tr	O	There was a secret world she had always been part of , and now Gabriel was demanding she return to it .
tr	O	After helping with one of the worst nights of my life , and I said I can 't ?
tr	I	I always knew he was mine , but I wasn 't supposed to pay attention to him after I did my part .
tr	I	One of the men responds and Friday calls over her shoulder .
tr	O	I 'd imagined her saying this in so many different ways , but none of my fantasies had come close to the breathless reality .
tr	O	The briefcase weighed heavy under his powerful grip , but Shane 's muscular arm held it with ease .
tr	O	He gradually increases his speed , but he 's losing his breath .
tr	I	We are so close and there is so much depending on this .
tr	O	On the news a few months back , they did an investigative report , but the story was overshadowed by the rising number of deaths .
tr	I	It was impossible , but she honestly tried to sit still for what remained of the game .
tr	O	I wondered why for the longest time , but finally it made sense .
tr	O	Black clouds hang oppressively over the town , and night seems to reign even at midday .
tr	O	Woods 's hand slipped under my shirt and I shivered as he moved it closer to my chest .
tr	O	He sung in Spanish and every few minutes broke into English .
tr	I	It doesn 't always last and Magic can be silly sometimes .
tr	O	Perhaps his tracks had quickly faded with the snowfall and that was why they hadn 't continued to follow him , he wasn 't sure .
tr	I	We 're killing your friend , but wes , I 'm sorry .
tr	I	They are your lifelines , but they can be a pain in the butt .
tr	O	I am High King , but that doesn 't grant me authority in all affairs .
tr	I	He did , but I don 't know how he managed it .
tr	O	They were aliens in an alien world and they were thrilled .
tr	O	There 's a port hole in the cellars ' hatch , but it 's hard to see anything .
tr	I	Carol felt herself go weak and his hands explored her stomach in a loving caress .
tr	I	I had other plans in any case , and it would only have started an argument .
tr	I	It was the best I could come up with , but it wasn 't Latin .
tr	O	My cheeks flamed up , and I turned my head away from him so he wouldn 't catch just how much his words affected me .
tr	O	Its eyes were also slightly narrower and something about it made Fintan think it was a more hostile that it 's mate .
tr	O	I never used one but most members did .
tr	I	Garrett figured it was damned near time to give up hope , and her voice wavered .
tr	O	Part of his brain still insisted that this had to be a trick , but Dennis dismissed it .
tr	I	We stepped over people 's legs to get back to our spot and I took her hand .
tr	O	The lights disappear and the glove retracts .
tr	O	She had been on her own for almost a year and she had liked it .
tr	I	Becoming grey , eyes losing lustre , but she was tanned .
tr	O	She used the remote to switch on the television , but they both had other thoughts on their mind .
tr	I	Tania took the opportunity to throw a left hook at the opponent 's temple and it caused her opponent to drop her guard .
tr	I	It will not be forgotten , and none should dare strike against us in such a fashion .
tr	I	Now it was slowly coming back , but her hearing had been dampened .
tr	O	She waves her hand , and I know what she 's saying even without the words .
tr	I	I see where he 's staring , and he gazes out at the lake .
tr	O	I gave you fucking everything and you threw it away !
tr	I	It would take more than that to intimidate her , but it was what he 'd intended by the action .
tr	I	One wasn 't immediately forthcoming , but he waited for an answer .
tr	I	Then you can double back after dark , and hopefully they 'll see .
tr	O	A guy chased after her , and my chest blazed with jealousy .
tr	I	There were weirder things in life , but I thought it was pretty random that Liam 's roommate had made the five-hour drive to watch me play .
tr	O	A short while later , the door swung inward , and Brennan stood before her , shirtless .
tr	O	She might love him with all her heart but she didn 't trust his judgment when it came to cars being on fire .
tr	I	Like Jack , Brian hadn 't been , but she 'd been blessed with that .
tr	O	Angelica raised her eyebrows as if to question me and I scowled at her .
tr	I	Thankfully , that was the worst of it , but I could see similar feelings on their faces .
tr	I	It was a start , but it wasn 't enough .
tr	O	Gary 's eyes popped open but he was staring off into space .
tr	O	As a soldier , this makes Jason feel very proud , yet the heavy weight of responsibility shows on his furrowed brow .
tr	O	They drove away and he turned back to watch Abbey until security arrived .
tr	O	Jetta crosses her arms , and her eyes narrow in on me with a dangerous look .
tr	I	I didn 't need to look to know who it was , but one of the doors opened behind me .
tr	O	I wanted to take them with me to live with Luke , but Jacob was too smart .
tr	I	The silver snaking its way through him was pure agony , but the hooks tearing through his body were bad enough .
tr	O	The tile felt icy against her knees , yet beads of perspiration moistened her brow .
tr	I	The blades began to glow orange with heat , and his arms began to ache .
tr	I	The warmth of it crept down my neck , and Josie let out one of those long sighs .
tr	O	He turned back , but the soldier kept shaking his head .
tr	O	I don 't know why , but her comment really annoyed me .
tr	I	Your grandmother felt really strongly that your dad should know us but it was hard to deceive Jacob .
tr	I	I made my way down to the room and after I was done I thought a little exercise might feel good for me too .
tr	I	My fingers didn 't shake , but there was so much pressure .
tr	O	Back-up system came on , but many of them were fitted with fancy miniature parts from China .
tr	O	There 's a low wall all around it , and rock columns hold up the porch roof .
tr	O	I 'd gotten pretty good at tuning that out before the incident , but now it sort of felt like I was starting the year over .
tr	I	I are too weak and he already thinks Jacob .
tr	O	Cricket isn 't cool in the same sense as Max , but he 's the most interesting person I know .
tr	O	Bryn was asking for the impossible and she knew it .
tr	O	That was an intense scene , and sometimes you shut down .
tr	I	Victoria turned in surprise , and Sebastian was there suddenly .
tr	O	I round the corner leading to Ryland 's small office and I notice his door is partially closed .
tr	I	The situation with him no longer seemed dire , and this man in front of her was real .
tr	O	My legs gave out and I landed on the couch .
tr	O	Theo yelled back and we turned left , following the sound of Theo 's voice .
tr	O	I wasn 't quite as confident as all that , but I knew that he needed to hear it .
tr	O	Then slowly her headache subsided , and calm blue tones settled over the street again .
tr	O	His boots slipped with every step , but he kept going .
tr	O	It was jarring me from my pleasant memories and I pushed him away a little .
tr	O	She had taken some hard hits , but she struck back with amazing accuracy .
tr	O	He refused to look back , but when he was in the car , he finally turned , gazing at her through the smoked glass .
tr	I	She starts zig-zagging through the hallway and a boy is in Megan 's way .
tr	I	Tomorrow she 'll be fine , but at times like this , it feels like Mom is broken .
tr	I	Liam took it , and nikolas extended a hand .
tr	I	She pushed to her feet and her head swiveled toward him .
tr	O	Eventually her whispers died down , but the blade continued the slow subtle changes .
tr	O	He was locked beneath the earth , and she was in terrible danger .
tr	O	My shoes finally hit a sandy floor , and I backed carefully away from the ladder , as Kenzie was coming down , as well .
tr	I	The images in my head are rich with detail , but they may not be in graphic form .
tr	O	He hadn 't touched anything of hers , simply added to what she already had , and that made her feel a little better .
tr	O	She closed her eyes , feeling sleepy , but Jenny 's words brought her back to alertness .
tr	I	The Italians got out of the way , and Sam stayed beside him step for step .
tr	O	Sinead is five foot ten and most of it is legs !
tr	O	I wanted to see my mom desperately , but I also wondered if I would be strong enough to save her .
tr	I	Following him the hobbits climbed down into the gloom , and he led the way .
tr	I	For three months , just about anything was possible , but he 'd have to wear awful , outlandish clothes .
tr	I	I can 't let it distract me , but it 's obvious she 's getting anxious .
tr	O	Her mouth watered and her stomach grumbled .
tr	I	For several seconds she said nothing , and she opened her eyes .
tr	O	Alarmed , he reached forward to touch her arm but she pulled back .
tr	O	It was steep for her to pay alone , but it had to be amazingly cheap for an apartment on this street .
tr	I	There was no wax on it , but it was clean .
tr	I	I was ushered inside by a tall woman whose eyes lingered on me just long enough to confirm my identity , and the front door opened .
tr	I	Sitting up stretching his arms and Rat was finally awake .
tr	O	It felt more like she was living someone else life , and it wasn 't a life she was enjoying .
tr	I	Amanda quickly snuggled against her soft fur , but Iona was still her half beast .
tr	O	A minute later the guys returned and Ali scratched his head as he looked around nervously .
tr	I	He lowered his head again , and his startled expression faded .
tr	O	She was hungry , and when a woman craves something , there is no use in fighting it .
tr	I	Now he won 't give me the chance to get it back and I 've lost everything to him .
tr	O	Now that nightmare was going to be made into a reality , and I didn 't know if I was ready .
tr	O	A sign caught my eye and I smiled .
tr	I	She held herself carefully erect for their benefit , and Egwene passed several groups of sisters .
tr	O	Luke strode off down the driveway , and Clary followed him .
tr	I	She could smell the drink on him , and his face was close to hers now .
tr	I	There are days when a lot of people ... expire , and there are days when a lot of people are born .
tr	O	At first , my tail moved in slow motion , but as I talked to Waverly , I grew stronger .
tr	O	She didn 't much care for sudden changes of plans , and she really didn 't like encounters with Vashon Security .
tr	O	Most of the time , she was nice to him , and he enjoyed working with her .
tr	I	There was a light in one of the back offices , but the reception area appeared to be closed for the night .
tr	I	I didn 't look back , but he turned to look at me .
tr	O	The hand at his balls , moved to his shaft , and those expert fingers made him forget what he was thinking .
tr	I	Wooden chunks flew out of the door , and a shot went off , an impossibly large explosion .
tr	I	I couldn 't see the plane , but an airplane motor buzzed up there somewhere .
tr	O	Of course she 'd been invited , but she couldn 't go , not when she was crying every ten minutes .
tr	O	I 'm still strapped into the seat belt , which supports my weight , but my head rests on the steering wheel .
tr	O	Even though he volunteered to join the army , he was an only son and they told him to stay put .
tr	I	All hoped it would never happen again and nothing like it had ever happened before in the history of Astoria .
tr	O	He roared her name , and the cell bar snapped in his hand .
tr	O	Turn right , then left , and a few more turns , before The Factory Gates .
tr	I	She nudged me again and her red , forked tongue wiggled in the air .
tr	I	Flung it at her , following it with a punch and he grabbed a mug .
tr	O	Sure , he was out of her league , but he 'd kissed her .
tr	O	My throat tightened so hard I could barely breathe , but I jumped right into the story , word by word , line by line .
tr	I	The parking lot was packed and I pulled into Lot B .
tr	O	Then he heard the sound of a slap , and his stomach lurched .
tr	I	He looked away and his shoulders sank .
tr	O	I look over at Rex but he looks just as horrified .
tr	I	Small noises bubbled up to fill in the silence , and breath by breath , the roar of the explosions leaked out of my ears .
tr	I	She was the Assistant Treasurer and Philip was an Elder as well as the Assistant Youth Pastor .
tr	O	Isaac squeezed her hand and she met his eyes .
tr	O	His words created a nest of butterflies in her belly , but she kept her arms crossed .
tr	O	Her jeans protected her skin , so his touch didn 't burn , but it made Chastity 's energy buzz .
tr	O	It isn 't little and it isn 't needed .
tr	O	Owen caught the cuffs , but he was laughing .
tr	I	Surprisingly , so was Violet and Ben was right behind her .
tr	O	He took off for Manhattan and I couldn 't stop him .
tr	I	She knocked my socks off and Blake called out little things as they passed , words like , the love of my life .
tr	O	He would do anything in his power to keep her safe , but even he knew stealing information from the Alchemists was out of his league .
tr	O	All I wanted to do was make it better , but I understood she needed to keep some things from Noah .
tr	O	Everything faded suddenly and I woke up .
tr	I	For Louise it was one of the hardest things she had ever had to do , and they worked largely in silence .
tr	I	The ground turned up in a gentle slope , but the water still reached up to my chest .
tr	O	I have always loved the sea but I think I love it even more now for sharing it with you !
tr	I	He did not feel even remotely inclined to do so , and he had not mentioned the fact that Elaine was his mother .
tr	O	All its tires were slashed and graffiti danced across the bonnet .
tr	O	I was a cat and he was a bird .
tr	O	The sun had set minutes earlier and I felt like a million bucks .
tr	O	His rage left him , flowing backward , and something else rushed toward the woman , something he didn 't want to feel .
tr	I	The land was in their blood , and they were people like her father .
tr	O	He 'd made up excuses every time he went back , and I 'd been too stupid to see through it .
tr	I	Marty came in with a grin , and a truck pulled up just as Shawn got the last brush cleaned out .
tr	O	The morning was cold , and the rain was torrential .
tr	O	Eventually the chatter subsided and Leppard cleared his throat .
tr	I	Yet I can 't stop thinking about it , and I 'm tortured by the memory of Trick giving in to me , to what we shared .
tr	O	Clary touched her own ring finger , and his eyes lit with comprehension .
tr	O	I lay still on the grass and I heard little tiny creatures around me in the grass .
tr	I	The room sways for a moment , and the thought of Skyla stabbing anybody throws me for a loop .
tr	I	Since he was tied down , there was nothing he could do , but he went nuts .
tr	I	She looks like I slapped her and Nora 's mouth snaps closed .
tr	O	Your thumb would tickle my knuckles and your eyes would hold mine captive .
tr	O	I 'm sure I looked psychotic , but there wasn 't time to think about that .
tr	O	She was the missing part of his soul , and he was finally whole .
tr	I	Willing to start a family right away , and needs to care for home , myself .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure , but it could be Electra .
tr	O	She had her mother 's books , and of course she probably knows people from her family who still practice it .
tr	I	Then it happened , and David turned to go once the train started to pull away .
tr	O	I know it 's too soon to know if this will last , but being with her feels right .
tr	O	Other rebels were making their escape , and across the yard I saw that Genoese soldiers had put torches to farm buildings as well .
tr	I	She should not be at home , but of course , since he switched sides , he presumably did not suffer as much .
tr	I	Richard knew that all too well and it wasn 't going to be that simple .
tr	I	Each time I 'd been devastated by his news , and I 'd been in his private office twice before .
tr	I	We have made ourselves His enemies , and he is our only possible ally .
tr	I	The fan blew hard and the heater kicked in .
tr	O	Tears are flowing freely and it is another stab in my heart .
tr	I	Although we won 't be together any longer , you will always be the other half of my heart and you are truly my other half .
tr	O	As she got even closer , Caroline tried to read her lips , and a whispering moan replaced the silence .
tr	I	Alix was stunned , and then Carol had arrived for class as cheerful as ever .
tr	I	His features became narrowed , and the fur had already begun to consume him .
tr	I	I knew there was more , and Patch locked eyes with me .
tr	I	He was suddenly working at a blistering pace , and his fear was obvious in his every movement .
tr	O	His mother had kicked him out and his uncle hadn 't taken him in .
tr	O	She asked softly and I felt as if I 'd been kicked in the gut .
tr	I	I need to fix her and she sounds broken .
tr	O	A few girls were left , and I met their stares .
tr	O	This guy would fall , too , and Jasper would find out just why the men had been after Veronica .
tr	O	I didn 't want to answer it , but I found it hard to ignore Sean .
tr	O	Put in the same situation a month earlier and she 'd feel at ease .
tr	O	I grabbed my cell phone and I dialed 911 .
tr	O	I was playing by a certain set of rules , and I obeyed because the rules didn 't ask me to do anything .
tr	O	Julian tried to read her , but it was impossible .
tr	I	He would 've opened his eyes or surely he didn 't .
tr	O	Brennan was sure the lift was moving but the usual feel of gravity was missing .
tr	O	Helen 's excitement died abruptly at her maid 's horrified expression , and melancholy took its place .
tr	O	A shout rose to the side , but he did not turn .
tr	I	It wasn 't an unpleasant feeling , but my blood felt hot under my skin , as if it was boiling my insides .
tr	O	I 'd been at this for two hours , and I had exactly nothing to show for it .
tr	I	She rarely wore any , but make up added something when occasion required .
tr	I	Only a faint glow remained above the pines to her west , and the sun was down .
tr	I	The room went still again and Bobby Wilson , the prison 's doctor , stood up .
tr	O	This van had some definite link with the killings , but he didn 't know what it was .
tr	I	So far he 'd succeeded , and Voss was trying to keep her safe .
tr	I	Still he didn 't answer and I tried again half an hour later .
tr	O	Something felt off , but I was chalking that up to Trent 's change in plans .
tr	O	Her shoulders jerked , and I knew she was crying as she tried to hold herself together .
tr	O	The reminder was a bitter one , and Laurence felt what little remained of his temper fraying away .
tr	O	We 've got a couple of fairies who want him to mediate a property dispute , and I need to upload some docs .
tr	O	The veins were almost the color of blood , and he loved the appearance .
tr	O	I closed my eyes for a second , and then the world went black .
tr	I	He charged , and the dwarf hit the ground .
tr	I	That drawing up , and it would be focus .
tr	I	I was convinced you were cold enough to do it all , but we had a list of several suspects .
tr	I	Her character was certainly better , and her business was more profitable .
tr	I	Still she shared a body with that demon , but it seems that Belinda was better at fighting Alfred than Edgar had been .
tr	I	Lena 's there and you 're here .
tr	O	It occurred to me later that the call might be from Cody , and in some ways , that would 've been even more difficult .
tr	I	This just made me laugh inwardly , and he looked a little nervous .
tr	I	It would only put me in greater danger and Tara warned me against it , telling me that no cop would believe me .
tr	I	The door wasn 't opening and the knob wasn 't turning .
tr	O	I could feel Liam 's eyes burning at me , but I knew it was the right thing to say .
tr	I	She never thought about a man touching her , and her cat wasn 't close to heat .
tr	I	She opened her arms to welcome her companion and the dragging of paws over the floors echoed .
tr	O	I brush her hair back from her face , and her body starts to quake under mine .
tr	I	Caroline sensed he really was starting to take an interest in Chloe , but Kimball eyed her warily .
tr	O	Falconer glanced at him and Conway bridled .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to rescue her , but a long pause stretched out before us .
tr	O	Right now I 'm supposed to be dead and it took a lot to get to that place .
tr	O	You screwed up the first service I was supposed to perform to make this a better world , and for a minute my faith was shaken .
tr	I	None of it registered , but Adelle was aware of him talking , of his arm reaching down towards hers .
tr	I	The group of teens heard it anyway , but she tried to keep her voice down .
tr	I	We will do our best to protect you , and whatever you decide , we will respect it .
tr	O	I didn 't recognize what he was , and I couldn 't think of anything that would have made me aware that he was Selkie .
tr	I	We didn 't have much choice , but this wasn 't one of our better ideas .
tr	I	She just had to break it that one time for Joe , but her rule was to never date guys from work .
tr	I	Yet there is no denying the spark of amusement lighting his face , and he 's not smiling .
tr	I	I marveled again at how quiet he 'd become , and I could hear the clock over the stove ticking .
tr	I	None were needed , but there were words they could say .
tr	I	I get the impression he 's spent some time considering the rumours and his words are thoughtful .
tr	O	He was a good man , and going against his word clearly bothered him .
tr	O	The words were true , but he hadn 't thought ahead .
tr	I	He had a cash reserve in the millions and add in a whole bunch of other investors .
tr	O	It caught him off guard , and it was ever easy to forget my strength .
tr	O	She said you weren 't sleeping , and if having me with you will make you feel better , I can stay .
tr	I	Her fingernails are beautifully done in baby blue , but her clothes are terrifically unfashionable .
tr	I	Yet I couldn 't believe what I was seeing , and I watched it happen .
tr	O	She fired and Seth dived to the ground , the bullet missing high .
tr	I	She hugged me nice and Michelle could see my memories .
tr	O	Then her frown became a scowl but I saw the worry lurking underneath .
tr	O	There was more static , and his muffled shout at someone with his hand over the phone .
tr	O	The shops by the side of the street were all closing down , and people were sealing themselves inside their houses .
tr	O	I missed it , of course , but I 'd cope for a night .
tr	O	Sure , it had been a bunny rabbit , but the rabbit had been scared off for other reasons entirely .
tr	I	It happens during this period , and there has to be a certain level of trust established .
tr	O	I know what I am on the inside now and I don 't fight it anymore .
tr	O	He didn 't imagine he would have succeeded , but he knew he had to try .
tr	I	Now he was up to a half-day schedule , but at first he 'd only seen a few .
tr	O	Another stop in the Los Angeles area followed and it went without a hitch .
tr	O	I ran forward , unabashedly throwing my arms around him , but he squeezed through my grasp , turning an apologetic powder blue .
tr	I	It was better than I usually appeared , but there wasn 't anything spectacular about it .
tr	O	She tried to have conversations with him , but he cut her short , finding peace in another part of the house .
tr	I	We faced each other and I did the same .
tr	I	I had to strain my eyes just to see , and the light was dim .
tr	O	Papa had passed away ten years ago when I was seven , and Mr. Milton 's wife passed away a couple of years ago .
tr	I	He never said anything , but Dad knew Lando stole from his wallet .
tr	O	He sounded relieved to see Simon , and in a moment Simon realized why .
tr	O	It was one of the few memories she had of her parents , and she wasn 't even sure how much of it was real .
tr	I	Once the silence was broken , the noise level ramped up pretty quickly , and those who stayed behind began talking .
tr	I	Linda had hated having to do it but Fiona had been fine with it .
tr	O	The words stung and Grant was forced to swallow a retort .
tr	I	She always came back wanting more , but each time he 'd sated her .
tr	I	She directed us to some open seats and we gave her halfhearted grins .
tr	O	The blazing sun overhead looked welcoming , but they were too far away for it to heat the atmosphere above freezing most days .
tr	O	He 'd offered to go with her to the cemetery , but somehow she knew he hadn 't really wanted to go .
tr	I	Half the glass is gone , and she takes a third taste .
tr	O	The gate opened slowly , and then Kim accelerated slowly .
tr	O	I 'm sorry we caused you so much grief , but really everything 's okay .
tr	O	He had been informed about the VIP 's arrival but he really didn 't pay much attention to it .
tr	O	The boys can take their handheld games along , and you won 't even know they are in the back seat .
tr	O	His mother walked away and Dean huddled with Mike .
tr	O	In short , we didn 't have answers for everything , but there was nothing we looked at that seemed to be impossible .
tr	O	Mark had mentioned something about an email address , and that it was through that email address contact would be made .
tr	O	We 're all going through a hard time but we don 't put each other down .
tr	O	Her gaze flicked to my bandaged arm , and her brow furrowed .
tr	O	Alex was on the attack and she took no hostages .
tr	O	He 'd never been in this part of London before , but that wouldn 't stop him from finding his way back .
tr	O	Her weapon remains high up in her overnight nest , but she hesitates , leaving one of her only family heirlooms exposed on the ground .
tr	O	She 'd been a willing participant and it had still been near unbearable .
tr	O	I 'd pretty much decided that she was a spoiled rich girl , and that made her easier to resist .
tr	O	I may have failed her in every other way , but I cannot fail at that .
tr	O	She had to find answers , and she must find them soon .
tr	O	I know you don 't remember , but I do .
tr	I	He placed a hand to her back , and she wrapped her legs around his waist .
tr	O	I smile , but she 's right .
tr	O	This would be the last time they saw each other and they both knew it .
tr	O	I didn 't go back to the ranch that year and I put my classes on hold .
tr	I	Lord saw the man do just that , and the shooter needed to move .
tr	O	My hands brushed across his hair , and I felt a thrill almost as electric as the ones that flashed through Teel 's magic .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but his body was rigid .
tr	O	No one knew the details , but they figured that whatever happened to me had something to do with why you left .
tr	I	At a guess , that was who it was , but Evie had never met Viv 's mother .
tr	I	When we do , the terms of our deal will be abolished , and we will find your brother .
tr	O	My body 's not in perfect shape , but I think Archer will ignore any imperfections .
tr	I	You wanted another and the point is that I wanted one thing .
tr	O	Take it , and you may find neutral ground .
tr	O	We live in one of the nicest houses in the wealthiest suburb , and she has a new husband with no kids of his own .
tr	O	She tried not to smile , she really did , but her lips twitched as her eyes met his .
tr	O	He came pretty quickly after me , and I snuggled into his arms as we settled in for sleep .
tr	I	Then I was gone , and accepting the fate that had finally caught up with me , I inhaled my final breath .
tr	I	All the cards were stacked against him - and he was struggling against the impossible .
tr	I	I 'll do it , but I 'll have to find a way to get out of my contract .
tr	I	I pulled away , and he slung his arm around my neck .
tr	O	He was not only satisfied but he was ecstatic .
tr	I	He drew her into him and she landed against his chest .
tr	I	She finally got a glimpse into his soul , and he led her through his front door .
tr	O	At first Susannah had dismissed her offer , but now as they approached the Inn , she was grateful not to be alone .
tr	I	Her things covered most of the available surfaces in his chamber and they were also unpacked .
tr	I	She got the fame and I got the shaft .
tr	I	He needed to deal with this first but he needed to find Aurora .
tr	I	I was but I tried not to glare at Nichole .
tr	O	Avery frowned as a cab pulled over and she shuffled into it with her friends .
tr	O	Jackson lifted his eyebrows but his eyes gleamed with the challenge .
tr	O	The kitchen was the only room in the house that had been touched , and here only the appliances had been updated .
tr	O	I reached into my pocket for my cell phone and speed dialed her number .
tr	O	I wanted to look away but I couldn 't .
tr	I	You 're a physician , and you 've got that white lock in your hair .
tr	I	Her focus was on Byron , but she spoke to the officer .
tr	I	I wanted to ask them something , but I should have stayed with you .
tr	I	I 've always wondered if I 'd be any good at them , but I was never much into sports .
tr	O	He felt out of place , but he also felt obligated to stay .
tr	I	Ty shrugged out of it obediently , and he reached up to unzip Ty 's jacket .
tr	O	They 're both staring at me expectantly and I don 't know how to answer .
tr	O	I was with him a lot of the times he got picked up by Sheriff Thorp , but no one said much about me .
tr	O	He 'd dived inside his head and he wouldn 't let me near him .
tr	O	Never breaking contact , Brennan walked her backward into one of the lockers , and their bodies melded together .
tr	O	I asked , and she flinched .
tr	I	It 's a lot different than what you 're used to , but it 's pretty here , don 't get me wrong .
tr	O	Mom 's shoulders start to shake , and I know she 's crying .
tr	O	His shoulders were relaxed and he seemed interested in the animals .
tr	O	He was speaking in a reasonable tone but there was an undercurrent of authority in his voice as well .
tr	O	I groan , ' No , ' and try to wriggle out of his hold .
tr	O	He caught his lower lip in his teeth , and I was sure it was to contain a laugh .
tr	I	I can see the fear in her eyes that she has gone too far , and she withdraws from me slightly .
tr	I	Those who know have never betrayed us , but not all of them are privy to our secrets .
tr	O	She 'd thought Claire had acted alone , but it looked like the lady had gotten some help from her lover .
tr	O	I would figure it out eventually though , and when I did , I would rip her apart .
tr	O	She ground her teeth and once again , consciously put a halt to her eye-rolling .
tr	O	Agony smashed through her skull and she clutched her head in both hands .
tr	O	She threw his car keys at him and he barely caught them before they fell over the edge into the thick brush .
tr	O	It looked muddy but it wasn 't a time to complain .
tr	O	I 'm not really convinced this is a good idea , but I 'll back you up .
tr	I	I was wearing a hat , and we were mostly under tree cover .
tr	O	The car doors slammed shut , and the Jaguar 's engine roared .
tr	O	There 's a blister on the end , and it makes me cry to see it .
tr	O	My man says they disappear into the back of the store , and they 're back there for three , maybe four minutes .
tr	O	I 'm stressed out and I need relief .
tr	I	I stepped into the room with them and my curiosity got the better of me .
tr	O	They took the end table on the sidewalk and Reacher took the same seat he had used twice before .
tr	I	We could do it ourselves or we could either let the enemy through the line .
tr	I	We do not possess their strength , but we are all made of light like the angels .
tr	O	It was survival of the fittest after all , and luckily this time they had been the fittest .
tr	I	John Smith stood in the entrance and the dressing room door swung open .
tr	I	His actions struck her as extremely paranoid , but Marguerite could understand Aristotle 's concern .
tr	I	I didn 't know your past at the time , but I didn 't want it to happen .
tr	O	I could not hear what he said , but the tension left her body , until she allowed herself to lean back against him .
tr	O	They could argue about this all day , but what was the point ?
tr	O	There was a pause , and then he let out a low chuckle .
tr	O	Lights were the last thing his body cared about at the moment , but he wanted to see Keisha as she went over the edge .
tr	I	He didn 't think she would miss him either , and he wouldn 't miss her .
tr	I	He stopped in front of the majestic huge black horse and he ran towards the horse baffled as to what had happened .
tr	O	I think he doesn 't wear the white coats , but for sure he wears latex gloves .
tr	O	He didn 't and the left wheel hit a rut .
tr	I	There was absolutely no way I was going back in there , but he motioned toward the office .
tr	I	It shows the level of commitment everyone has toward helping us , but turns out he wasn 't .
tr	O	The bus drove off and the Acolyte was gone .
tr	O	I can 't see anything but I know I 'm not alone .
tr	O	The smell was not that bad , but it was what he had smelled .
tr	O	Trench mortars were always in short supply , but a dozen were found .
tr	I	She felt as if she was drowning and a wrenching movement made her swallow water .
tr	O	His slavery to the Dark Lord might have ended , but he was a traitor to the vampires .
tr	O	There will be media there and we need to present William as a stable , well-adjusted adult in a healthy relationship .
tr	O	He nodded , and she continued .
tr	I	It must have been a lot of work , but I 'm still not sure what you did to win her over .
tr	I	It also comes with its share of risk , but the clans are full of outlaw types , who glory in frontier life .
tr	O	Lauren 's eyes snapped up to meet Callie 's , and the look she got from her friend said it all .
tr	I	A feeling of giddy excitement was filling me as I looked around , but I waited patiently .
tr	O	Lukas knew what might be brewing in the back of his leader 's mind , but he wasn 't going to make it easy on his mentor .
tr	I	His fingers brush my shoulder and he drapes an arm over the headrest behind me .
tr	I	She started to grow nervous and the room was utterly silent .
tr	O	I feel as if I 'm deserting her , but she has a much better chance than Jasmine .
tr	I	She dashed forward under the balcony , out of the line of fire , but he raised a pistol .
tr	I	There was a stack of disposable diapers on the coffee table , and a white bassinet was set up in the living room close to the sofa .
tr	O	Those cliffs would be there long after my roommates and I were gone .
tr	O	Bishop 's control let go , and Claire stumbled backward into Michael .
tr	O	There was already too little air in my lungs , but what was left was pushed out in a wheezing rush .
tr	O	Minos had got a load of tobacco off a boat , and we were selling it for a heavy price that would bring a weighty profit .
tr	O	It took only 15 minutes to close down dozens of pipes , but by then the worst damage had already been done .
tr	I	He leaned toward me , and Benji 's face compressed .
tr	O	He did , but she could tell he didn 't see her .
tr	I	She took a steadying breath and butterflies stirred in her gut .
tr	I	Lil , startled by Amy 's fair coloring , cowers back , but she reaches for Lil .
tr	I	She felt herself drifting off , and her eyes were fluttering closed .
tr	I	They tickled the rooftop of the cottage , and a slight breeze pulled tree branches down .
tr	I	I 'm ready to kill him and I know who attacked my family .
tr	O	She didn 't know what he meant by that , but it didn 't sound like an insult , so she let it slide .
tr	I	There 's no time for caution , but the surface is coated in ice .
tr	I	His tongue clung to his palette but Strang tried to open his mouth .
tr	I	It shocks me a little and Daisy growls under her breath .
tr	O	Dr. Beckett 's expression falters , and he leans closer .
tr	O	He clapped his hands , and the lights came on .
tr	I	T. is twenty-two and I am thirty-five .
tr	I	Something distracted her , but she thought to reassure him .
tr	O	I was given the keeping of them , or more rightly , my father was .
tr	I	You know it , and I was joking .
tr	O	She may not be much of a cook , but she could sew very well .
tr	I	Nothing he could do would stop it , but it was not bleeding at all fast .
tr	I	I hoped they 'd leave me alone , too , and I didn 't interfere with other people 's choices .
tr	I	His heart soared , and Tar recognized the spirit .
tr	I	I think the tub had been its mouth and there was definitely something gigantic beneath this so called inn .
tr	O	The claw scratched her skin , and blood dripped down her cheek .
tr	I	A wicked law took her away , but my grandma tried to help us .
tr	O	Ren avoided looking directly at him , but his lips pressed together in disdain .
tr	I	I 'd never tried to get to know him well enough to figure out why , but Trenton had always stood out to me .
tr	O	Zane 's hand slid around my waist and I giggled as I pushed him off .
tr	I	Mrs. Holt 's lover had been murdered right after Collin had identified him and so far he had been lied to by Dr. Holt 's secretary .
tr	O	Just then there was a crackling sound and Jared glanced across the large table to his right .
tr	I	He glanced at her in surprise , and Charlie guessed .
tr	O	The people of this region have much to lose from goblins and their proximity to the Great Mountain makes them vulnerable .
tr	I	That was all I cared about and Jules seemed to like me .
tr	I	Mine was primarily a physical manifestation , and gentry magic expressed itself in a wide variety of forms .
tr	O	I was sweating by this point , and the salt in my sweat burned in the open sores covering my body .
tr	I	They could see symbols in the silvery metal and three sides were already clean .
tr	O	His words say one thing , but his tone says something else .
tr	O	Here was a life he loved , but he would have to make adjustments .
tr	I	His attitude stung , but Grace gritted her teeth to keep from saying something she 'd regret .
tr	I	His hands began to sweat and Tom 's muscles tensed in his neck .
tr	I	I pulled Marcus into the dream , and that put us at plan B .
tr	I	My body froze , and he dropped the photo in my lap .
tr	O	She nodded , and I turned the music back on .
tr	O	She envisioned a small coastal village in Vietnam being totally annihilated and only this man , this vampire , Johnny , was left standing .
tr	I	I would never stop fighting for her , but she might 've been ready to give up .
tr	O	Burnett started walking , and Kylie followed him .
tr	O	I kept straining to hear it , but it didn 't come .
tr	I	My soul didn 't , but I lost my memory .
tr	O	The glamour hid it , but my concentration was bad .
tr	O	Dermot had been sure about Bill , but he didn 't sound so sure about Eric .
tr	O	Businesses were closing and people were learning how to prioritize in the wake of global turmoil .
tr	I	Darren returned to the front , and Mrs. Greenleaf said .
tr	O	He 'd have rich clothing left over from before , but he wouldn 't be able to afford such rich servants .
tr	I	Dashed to the other side of the mattress , out of Parker 's reach and it jumped back up anyway .
tr	I	Some of the walls had crumbled inward , revealing wet , red clay and all of the shelves lining the walls of the garage had been overturned .
tr	O	He had got what he came for and his band of conquerors would be fed .
tr	I	Still it would draw some attention , but granted , everyone would think I was mental .
tr	I	He 's nowhere to be found , but I search for Will .
tr	I	It was a tenuous moment , but Cassie felt the crushing sense of helplessness she 'd been experiencing for days slightly rise .
tr	O	my dad asked after we arrived back home and I dropped my suitcase off in my room .
tr	I	She already had enough distractions , but the distortion of her emotions was strange .
tr	I	My voice come out sounding pathetically wounded , but I 'd wanted to sound harsh .
tr	I	She knew everyone , and Julie had lived in this town for almost twenty-five years .
tr	O	Grabbing her arm and steadying her when their Hover surged forward .
tr	I	He was waging a hopeless war and aurelius seemed to be my only champion in this cause .
tr	O	Rema considered fighting them , but it would do no good .
tr	O	He loved the old reruns of Gomer Pyle , and every chance he imitated the titular character in a perfect echo .
tr	I	Although she smiles , I 'm not sure she really gets it , and when we visit Lacey , we tell her some of them .
tr	I	He doesn 't have much of a choice but he doesn 't want me to pay him back for it .
tr	O	The elevator doors opened , and Ashe blinked in surprise .
tr	O	Combine all of that , and Sorin didn 't count .
tr	O	The affection was not overstated , but the love was clearly there .
tr	I	There seems to be a small glitch that requires my urgent attention but I would handle it myself .
tr	I	There was no time to stop and there was no time to think .
tr	O	She hated herself for that , but what could she do ?
tr	I	Bogie walked in and the door opened .
tr	I	He certainly slept well , but Renton had not intended to sleep at Adams ' bedside .
tr	I	She counted twenty-two cells , and the fourth hallway veered right again .
tr	I	He shifted , absorbing the blow with his thigh , but she tried to knee him in the balls .
tr	I	She 'd hurried to do the cleaning while Julia was otherwise engaged and she 'd heard the American woman on the phone in the kitchen .
tr	O	The locker is open and the uniform is gone .
tr	O	He looked down to the forest , and the scene below grew dim .
tr	O	She had already left Brennan in the break room , and that had been nearly impossible .
tr	O	He might live to regret how much , but she made him whole .
tr	I	It was to flee to safety and I had one purpose .
tr	I	An uncomfortable silence ensued and she followed him into the next compartment .
tr	O	A smile cracked , but it was lop-sided .
tr	I	That is not unusual but he stays to himself .
tr	O	He 'd been drowned in prophets his whole life , yet none of them told him he 'd face this .
tr	I	They assist us , and we represent some banks .
tr	I	In that respect , they were in for a major surprise , and they were expecting Grant to come with her , as well .
tr	I	A good dose of courage would remedy the situation , but sure , he was a little nervous now .
tr	O	Below , the water remained a deep green , but Ambrose began to look anxiously over the side .
tr	O	There was one more thing to do -- one final goodbye -- and he didn 't look forward to it .
tr	O	It hadn 't made sense to me then , and it still didn 't make sense to me .
tr	I	My heart drops to my stomach , and Skyla doesn 't say anything else .
tr	I	She picked it up , taking a sip and Dustin placed a steaming mug on the table .
tr	I	In the stillness of the night , Jack heard the picture of the street but there was no window .
tr	I	Antonia didn 't look comforted , but she recounted the story of her fifth birthday .
tr	O	She saw daylight ... and she was alone .
tr	I	There would be nothing I could do to save him and I cried , so afraid he was going to die .
tr	O	It wasn 't lost , but it wasn 't going well , either .
tr	O	I don 't know how I know this , but I believe the best of you , Titus .
tr	I	His voice drops , and he hesitates , debating whether to say something .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure I agreed with that , but I wasn 't going to rehash it all .
tr	I	Mentally he raised his eyebrows , and Expertly Robert assessed the cost of the Italian silk suit Mercer was wearing .
tr	O	Sophia glanced away and I smiled triumphantly .
tr	O	There 's a sudden knock at the back kitchen door and I feel waves of familiar energy .
tr	I	He didn 't give a damn , but Laughter followed him .
tr	I	I was growing wary of him in the snow , and the snake at my feet couldn 't be trusted .
tr	I	Fighting , nor I 'm not shouting .
tr	O	She let me in and I closed the door .
tr	O	It 's hard to take such a responsibility ... But she had to cling to any straw .
tr	O	Vincent hadn 't been able to get away from the job site to join them , but Candace had handled her disappointment well .
tr	I	She knew about words , and this was about words .
tr	I	All the noise was like a mist of another kind , and the cooking fires made a mist in front of us .
tr	I	He pointed to the door to the house and he got this mad look on his face , that was more sexy than scary .
tr	I	His nose dominated his strong features in typical Italian style and his lips were full .
tr	O	Casey stared at him and he stared back .
tr	O	She turned the Neon onto Deacon Road , and a light popped on in my head .
tr	O	She kneeled down in front of the grave , and one of the maids passed her the bouquet .
tr	I	I choke , coughing into my hand like I 'm dying of the plague and Air catches in my throat .
tr	O	I look over to see Beast doing the same , but it is harder for him because he cannot stop smiling .
tr	O	She was shampooing her hair and drops of soap began falling .
tr	O	We 'll be traveling so much that I 'm not sure you 'll notice the difference , but say you 'll live with me .
tr	O	It was the most intense thing he had ever smelled and he had to fight his own body not to become aroused .
tr	O	Fighting , I try to stop shaking , to stop rocking , but I can 't .
tr	I	We already know this is farmland , right , and look , the map says this levels out ?
tr	O	They 're too afraid of it to let you use it , but they also can 't let themselves lose it .
tr	I	I had frozen , and that had been my chance to redeem myself in front of the Blackthorne Boys .
tr	I	They already knew that Cameron was right , but there was only a brief pause as people pondered the command to leave .
tr	O	With that Nate was gone and I was alone with Jimmy again .
tr	I	She moved even closer to him , and her voice dropped .
tr	O	We 'll fight , and we 'll die with dignity .
tr	O	Her gaze slid back to the armed soldiers and she frowned .
tr	O	There was rock below the sand , and also a thick metal plate , which I guessed was part of the portcullis trap .
tr	I	When I 'd come out victorious she gave my hand a firm squeeze and she watched my struggle .
tr	O	The door swung open , and Spencer leapt to attention .
tr	I	Mike 's voice resumed , this time a little less steady , and there was a long pause .
tr	O	She 's my business partner and she knows it .
tr	O	He reaches across to open the passenger side , and I scramble up into the seat .
tr	O	It looks calm , but that 's deceptive .
tr	O	The laziness in his posture vanished in an instant and he straightened .
tr	O	he roars , and with each word his sword swipes closer to my face .
tr	I	I could only imagine what a freak I sounded like , and astonished looks met me .
tr	O	He knew it was stupid , but he was sure he had met the love of his life .
tr	O	She has little wrinkles on her forehead but it only shows when she 's worried .
tr	O	She walked around to the other side of the tank , and I followed her .
tr	O	Most of his muscles had recovered during the long voyage , but there was still an ache in his side .
tr	O	He 's a good man and he 's right .
tr	O	It wasn 't easy to make out his expression in the dark , but she saw a flash of teeth , as if he was smiling .
tr	I	I dare not tease Him about it but the thought blind sides me again .
tr	O	I could have maybe stopped it if I was able to see it , but since I couldn 't , I got hit .
tr	I	Her bra came off after I unfastened the hooks , and her shirt was easy to pull over her head .
tr	I	As fate would have it , I didn 't have to but at that moment I knew I 'd do anything to get the position .
tr	O	There were Greek colony towns in the west now , small as yet but growing rapidly .
tr	O	It sounded exactly like spying on your neighbors to Sasha , but she just nodded .
tr	I	I forbid it , but my heart tries to race faster when he looks at me .
tr	I	It was obvious to me that he hadn 't heard a word she 'd said , but Neil nodded .
tr	I	She gladly rinsed her mouth , and a cold sweat trickled down her back .
tr	I	He stayed watching me for a second , and I winced out a bit of a smile .
tr	O	The line was still live , but she said nothing .
tr	I	The generators surged and the load dropped .
tr	I	You followed them , and you trusted your instincts .
tr	I	He told me to always give your all in everything you do , no matter the outcome and he was a good man .
tr	O	As far as sleepovers went , this was a first , and they had both been a little nervous .
tr	O	He 'd first appeared in the back of the gallery , and now she watched as he traced into a darkened corner .
tr	I	It was different , and I could feel whatever it was .
tr	I	I did know someone who might , but I wasn 't sure where Brandon lived .
tr	O	She wasn 't ready for him and Max wasn 't used to waiting .
tr	O	He hadn 't and wouldn 't change .
tr	O	A bunch of people got on the train , but once they did , the platform was clear .
tr	I	She didn 't want the evening to end , yet by the time the server cleared the table she was full .
tr	I	The king wasn 't , but Thomas may have been distracted by the clowns activity .
tr	O	Valerie may not know a lot about sports , but she understood that terminology at least .
tr	O	It was their haven and they spent hours there .
tr	I	Slowly , painfully managed to turn my head enough to watch the wizard and I landed with a crash .
tr	O	Her h * ps swung from side to side , and her tits moved with each beat .
tr	I	The waitress disappeared , and Stella ordered water too .
tr	O	Then her head flew up , and she regarded Stefan in astonishment .
tr	I	It didn 't seem to be working but she tried to explain this to Victoria .
tr	O	Josephine 's surroundings faded into blackness and she realized she 'd passed out .
tr	I	His smile widened and he paused when Maddie whimpered in terror .
tr	I	Now you show up with this threat , and we haven 't seen you in months .
tr	I	It began to grow brighter , and as he wondered , the sky continued to shift in color .
tr	I	I could hear her running up the stairs , and she laughed .
tr	O	His eyes flicked to his watch , and he pushed up from the table .
tr	O	Abbey 's mouth dropped and her eyes widened .
tr	I	Our first report should be to our client , but his whole face was a question .
tr	I	She turned to see Lukas walking down the stairs , and his gaze lifted to a point behind her .
tr	I	I assured them that I 'd just had a really strange cramp in my hand , but they made concerned noises .
tr	O	The touch of his hand on her arm made her cringe and she tried hard not to pull away .
tr	I	No matter how badly I wanted it all to end , life didn 't work that way , and I was still moving .
tr	O	He was furious , and I couldn 't blame him .
tr	O	The screen flashed to life and she typed in the password .
tr	O	He didn 't see Michelle , but it was still early .
tr	I	Only one of them is chocolate , and there are only two things I can think of that leave brown stains like this one .
tr	O	She gasped against his ear , her body stiffening around him , and Balan paused , merely holding her for a moment .
tr	O	The worst she could do was kill me , and I should have been dead ten years ago .
tr	I	He appreciated her silent support and Zoe placed her hand on his shoulder .
tr	I	Francesca wasn 't sure she cared , but the profile they 'd been waiting for was finally coming in .
tr	I	Both of them had , and attack me , Charles had said .
tr	I	She shivered , and his gaze stroked her like a physical touch .
tr	I	I couldn 't find one to give , but I knew she was hoping to get a smile out of me .
tr	I	Every little bit helped , but she knew it wasn 't much .
tr	I	He dragged them along behind , and many of them reached Joe B. before he made it past the desks .
tr	O	As they were recognised more torch beams flickered to life and a chorus of relieved voices greeted them .
tr	I	The flower gardens surrounding the villa were all in bloom and the scent of the grass was sweet .
tr	O	She struggled to escape , but his grip was firm .
tr	O	This was silly and I said so .
tr	I	Starting to fail , to slant a little more heavily but that September sun , still a smoldering summer ember .
tr	O	Three ships were in the process of unloading , and we passed another being shepherded along with the help of two tugs .
tr	I	He grew better at the task every day , but asking nicely was new to him .
tr	O	Shadows hid their bodies , but the action was clear .
tr	O	That seemed to send her over the edge and her body began to shake as she came .
tr	I	I could contribute little , and the general discussion was now of politics , mainly of events in the city .
tr	I	I didn 't have time for finesse and we needed to get out of here .
tr	O	Her voice was smug , but at that moment Neil could have hugged her .
tr	I	I wondered if one just got used to the special treatment that came along with being famous , and Jackson didn 't seem surprised by the offering .
tr	O	I didn 't know how long I had been asleep , but it felt like several hours .
tr	I	He persisted , but she frowned .
tr	I	Before I could say anything else , hauled me down the corridor by the arm and he smacked me on the ass .
tr	I	I don 't know why she 's feeling that way toward me , but she looks at me with what seems like pity in her eyes .
tr	O	I even , on occasion , felt pity for the Serpent , but then I dismissed this as a sentiment I could ill afford .
tr	O	I don 't even care if it 's someone in trouble and they are getting dragged away by a rouge dinosaur .
tr	I	She hoped beyond all hope the moment would never end and her breath came faster .
tr	I	She knew how it must have sounded to him , and it was not what she had meant to say .
tr	O	I actually struggled to get out of the tub , but several guys held me in .
tr	O	Tears burned her eyes , but she frantically blinked them back .
tr	I	They began to surge forward , and the instructor turned the aircraft onto the runway , gunned the engine .
tr	I	The tension between them hummed so loudly I thought Zella was going to leap out of her chair at him , and he glared at her .
tr	O	In the process she turned him back to face the house , but she could see no one spying on them .
tr	O	People aren 't meant to be alone and I think it 's cool you found a man friend you enjoy spending time with .
tr	O	Granted , it won 't last long , but I think I can make it .
tr	I	She recognized it , but the deep voice jolted her .
tr	O	The shelling continued all the way to the next day , when the enemy walls were near collapse , but then disaster struck .
tr	O	Things had calmed considerably , and though a few hearts skipped at the sight of Jaime he was cool as a cucumber .
tr	I	We have been inseparable ever since and if I had been just a fascination to her , it hadn 't stopped .
tr	O	Her hands gripped at her abdomen , but she wasn 't alive .
tr	I	I literally could not help myself but I knew how stupid I was being .
tr	I	The handle started turning on its own , but I started to reach for the knob again .
tr	O	He didn 't see anything , but there wasn 't much time to look before a shot rang out , shattering the light .
tr	I	Unlike usual , tonight the sizzling current made me sick with anxiety , but he always had that effect on me .
tr	I	I leveled the knife at him , and we were standing face-to-face .
tr	I	You can count on our gratitude and you 've made the right decision .
tr	I	They were alone , and they were clear .
tr	O	She knew Gabriel was just opening a transfer point , but it felt as if he had punctured her skin .
tr	I	She 's deathly afraid of horses and after that she was never the same .
tr	O	He noticed her limp handshake , feeling like a wet noodle , but he didn 't mind one bit .
tr	O	He heaved it to me and I jumped to grab it .
tr	I	Mom holds my hand , and Dad squeezes my neck .
tr	I	He wiped his fingers on a paper towel and Oliver 's mouth twisted into a lazy smile .
tr	I	Evidently Anita felt the same way , and already it seemed like an eternity to Cheyenne .
tr	I	You wouldn 't listen , but I told you before .
tr	I	We were working on that , but I wasn 't sure what type of relationship it was .
tr	O	The fireplace across the room was flanked on either side by windows , and matching sofas faced each other in front of them .
tr	O	He appeared to have had a rough life ( which , yeah , maybe he had ) , and no one wanted to deal with damaged .
tr	I	They were seated at the water 's edge and Jack had made reservations .
tr	I	They began talking like old friends and the stories soon loosened their tongues .
tr	I	His blue eyes looked positively honest as he gazed at me , but I would have thought he was just trying to be polite .
tr	O	She wasn 't fast enough to hide her flinch , and Neil saw her shoulders go rigid with tension .
tr	I	The man of the house was fixing it up again and perhaps it was broken down .
tr	I	They walked over it without any sort of hindrance , but there was such a bridge here .
tr	I	You don 't have time for that , and you 'd have to become its guardian .
tr	I	I do anyway but I don 't need to ask .
tr	I	John 's yacht appeared stunning in its newness but Any of the moored boats would have done .
tr	O	You write the fiction , and we 'll deliver it .
tr	I	Now he was doing the exact same thing , and I 'd driven myself half mad trying to please him .
tr	I	It looks as though it must 've taken him hours to do and the drawing is so detailed .
tr	I	It was showing on her face , and those were great news for Lea .
tr	I	I wanted to trust him but maybe I was being suckered again .
tr	I	He wanted to change his mind , and he was afraid he would change his mind .
tr	O	Do him a favor and he 'll give you something in return .
tr	I	After a time he got to know his way about very well , and he found all their twelve cells in different parts of the palace .
tr	I	Her eyes began to water and the girl 's face soured .
tr	I	He followed me into the rehearsal room , and I muttered a greeting .
tr	O	Fane looked at Lina and he nodded .
tr	I	He was carrying a bunch of silk handkerchiefs of varying colors and his arms were free of loose hanging garments .
tr	O	I said , and his expression turned distant .
tr	I	I thought she was going to tell me to leave , and she stayed rigid for a second .
tr	I	Their fur was different from wolves ' , and she 'd never touched a Feline Shifter before .
tr	O	Maybe some part of the craft 's engine still functioned , and there was a build-up of this stuff .
tr	I	Nothing could hurt me now , but deep down I knew I should 've been afraid .
tr	O	His legs felt like jelly , but he willed himself forward .
tr	I	He doesn 't move but I wait for him to open my door .
tr	I	That caught me , and her voice caught .
tr	O	People in the Middle Ages were remarkably practical about many things , and the problem of disciplining the prince was one of them .
tr	O	She fell again , gasping and he was standing over her .
tr	O	He would simply leave , and it would be finished .
tr	O	My chewed off fingernails gave me a bit of concern at first , but then I remembered our gift .
tr	O	I smiled nervously , and one of his arms slipped from me .
tr	O	The deck heaves and the bulkheads shake .
tr	I	I can 't help myself , but I know I shouldn 't .
tr	O	He caught Clary 's eyes again , and the intensity in them gave her pause .
tr	O	I feel like I know her , but I can 't remember her name .
tr	O	In a way I 'm stronger than the waves and I feel good about that .
tr	I	He shook his head , and she looked to him .
tr	O	She looked somewhat relieved at his comments , and he suggested they attempt a return trip .
tr	I	They had to work on their exits , but her sons knew how to make an entrance .
tr	I	The nightingale sang and Night came .
tr	I	Both lost her and they had both loved Vivian .
tr	O	In the back of my mind I know this is far from over , but I want it to be over for tonight at least .
tr	O	His wavy hair looks particularly unruly , and his lips are curved in a slight smile .
tr	O	I asked her to watch him a little longer and she said she was planning on staying the night .
tr	I	With the Super Soldiers so close it was safer in his backpack , but he thought about using the Stone as his light .
tr	O	It took one blow to the head to kill him , but I kept on hitting him as he lied limp on the floor .
tr	O	Goat had hands , not hooves , and they glowed yellow , an image of a white dragon dancing on his palms .
tr	O	I tug at the hem of the dress , but Miss Black slaps my hands away .
tr	O	He 's never asked me what I did that night , but he never looked at me in the same way again .
tr	I	He knew their rooms , but Wilson couldn 't see my projections .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I tried so hard to hold back a smile .
tr	I	Still the four guards had nothing to do , and the fog lifted as the sun came up .
tr	O	The man standing before her was her husband , but his face was still wrong .
tr	I	You couldn 't then , but when we talked before , I said you 'd have to trust me .
tr	I	Those they did have usually weren 't anywhere near cute , and Engineering classes tended not to have many girls .
tr	O	She didn 't have a clue where she was going , and she didn 't care .
tr	I	He knew he had begun to feel numb to it , but he didn 't feel any pain .
tr	I	She seemed unarmed , but with the light behind her , he couldn 't make out her features .
tr	O	She was groping her way through unfamiliar territory , but Caroline 's approach to any problem was to tackle it head-on .
tr	I	My arm groaned from the impact of the fall , and I gasped , the wind whooshing from my lungs .
tr	I	I felt fluttery in my chest and he slipped his hand down over my stomach .
tr	O	I wanted to pinch myself , but I didn 't dare .
tr	I	It didn 't reach her eyes , but Abby smiled .
tr	O	We might not move as fast as the Jets , but we can move way faster than a normal swimmer .
tr	I	Tonight he decided to leave through the front foyer , but he often left the building through the lower garage .
tr	O	He calls on the other soldiers to stop , but they 're all too distracted , blinded with fear from my apparitions .
tr	O	His jaw dropped and his eyes widened .
tr	I	Discipline had never been a problem anyway , and this wasn 't a military ship .
tr	O	I had no idea how , but of course the responsibility would fall on me .
tr	O	He 'd controlled both weapons from here - blocks away - by radio , and the signals were now severed .
tr	I	She didn 't put it down , but slowly , Locke lowered the gun .
tr	O	She tightened her hand around his , and he stopped .
tr	I	He wanted whatever she wanted him to do , and Elena knew that Stefan knew what she wanted .
tr	O	I looked at Roach for a translation , but he was looking at the floor .
tr	I	He didn 't turn it yet , but Henry let go of my hand to set his on the doorknob .
tr	I	You have the best balance of anyone I 've ever met and your ballet training comes in handy as you 're very flexible .
tr	I	He went still and his eyes darkened .
tr	O	They followed slightly behind him , but walking casually in case they were observed .
tr	I	I felt myself flush red and he grinned at me .
tr	O	She moans into my mouth and I swallow the delicious sound .
tr	O	He jerked to a sitting position , snapping those straps that had been over his body in an instant , and he yanked her closer to him .
tr	I	All the fight leaves me and after a few minutes my body relaxes into his .
tr	I	We are certainly not interested in deceiving you and we are not tyrants .
tr	I	His normally impassive face was changed , and he was staring out at all of this with unwavering intensity .
tr	O	I wasn 't ready to give Colt an answer , and I definitely wasn 't ready to tell Tanner I didn 't want to see him again .
tr	I	I wished to get out of this dream world and the chain of events was a tangle too hard for me to resolve .
tr	I	I can 't help it , but I know you said I shouldn 't .
tr	O	Blood splattered and the laird 's head jerked back , his hand flying to his face .
tr	I	I will try to answer any questions you have , and sit .
tr	I	That never dimmed their enthusiasm , but they were playing for buttons .
tr	I	He had always known that he never would be again , and he had not been close to his mother in years .
tr	O	I tried to return the smile , but my eyes darted back to Adam .
tr	I	I 'd forgotten to slow down and I hadn 't been paying attention .
tr	I	I climb inside my room , then close the window behind me and I walk the ten feet back to my house .
tr	O	I stepped into it and he lifted it up my body .
tr	O	Out pours a row of armored soldiers , and my heart sinks .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell in the dark whether he was crying , but I could feel Kiernan 's small body shaking next to me .
tr	I	Both of us be gone and I don 't want Will to wake up .
tr	I	He touched my tits and his name was Giorgio .
tr	O	Work was the same each day and she found very little to be inspired about with her ongoing client list .
tr	I	They lent me this painting stuff and I talked to the Brooklyn Barons .
tr	I	There 's lightning zapping across the sky and the air is a little bit chilly .
tr	O	She just left , and she wrote something to you on the receipt .
tr	I	He nodded , but Aiden looked like he was going to argue .
tr	O	I 've hurt so many people and I 'm still doing it .
tr	O	Acting on instinct , I sagged in their arms , and they cried out in surprise .
tr	O	It was a lot of ring and under the lights it sparkled like crazy .
tr	O	He was almost smiling , but his eyes were serious .
tr	O	She couldn 't let this continue , and on instinct she opened herself up to his power , letting it flood her this time .
tr	O	# 43 FEEL The rest of the day passed by slowly and they didn 't talk much .
tr	I	It 's changed him but I 'm not exactly sure what happened to him after that night .
tr	I	It was half-hearted , but Dingo barked .
tr	O	The cabin , I 'm just renting , but I 'm considering buying it .
tr	I	From somewhere far away , he could imagine her answer , and he wanted her to tell him what to do .
tr	I	It 's going to be hard for a long , long time , and we lost three-quarters of our people .
tr	I	I turned around to see who was so happy and my brooding over Seth was broken by a girl 's giggle .
tr	I	The panic in her eyes gradually receded , but she didn 't reply .
tr	I	Abby slid her foot free , but it grabbed onto her boot .
tr	O	Mavis managed to get her work done , but she only did what was instructed .
tr	I	It made no difference , but she had hoped he wouldn 't .
tr	I	I didn 't like the idea of the archangels telling me what to do with my personal life , but I knew it .
tr	O	The boxes themselves were dented beyond recognition , but the shells inside were fine .
tr	O	He glanced up , wiping a tear , but never let go of her hand .
tr	I	I am and I told you I was coming .
tr	I	His legs were parted just enough so that Jase could see the softest part of his inner thighs and Luis was wearing his short white bathrobe .
tr	O	I was pissed at myself for caving , but I needed the money .
tr	I	I 'll see if we can send a car for Peter , and I 'll have to run it past the chief guy here .
tr	I	She was not , but I was smiling .
tr	I	The stress had been compounded by a very special concern for her but he 'd been caught up in the drama with the rest of the crowd .
tr	I	It was a hollow effort since he knew exactly how the baby felt , but Simon comforted him .
tr	O	Ezra started to give her directions , but Aria already knew where it was .
tr	O	He started to follow , hunger ruling him , but Claire 's hand came down gently on his forearm .
tr	O	Your mother brought you up in the mundane world , and that 's where you belong .
tr	O	Each of them had had dreams before that had come true and each of them had been in each other 's dreams too .
tr	O	I was asking you questions and you didn 't answer them .
tr	O	Brian asks the hostess if we can take the booth in the corner , and a wave of embarrassment floods my body .
tr	O	My hair is drenched and my cheeks are wet .
tr	I	We were in sudden motion and the whole vehicle shuddered once .
tr	O	He heard a loud shush on the other end , and the children 's voices lowered .
tr	O	You 're hurt , and I 'm not leaving you .
tr	O	Whatever it was , his gaze hadn 't wavered , but Jess had seen the strength of his conviction .
tr	I	She 's making an excellent recovery and they shot her up with Afterlife .
tr	O	His fingers trembled and his nostrils flared .
tr	I	I never would be and I never was .
tr	O	He gave me a squeeze , wrapping his strong arms around me , and we settled further into the pillows .
tr	I	Jeff was refusing to discuss it , but I was still pushing to try one more time for a little girl .
tr	I	She understood him because she loved him , but she didn 't understand what was happening .
tr	I	We just stared at each other , and I nodded without saying a word .
tr	O	My finger pushed it in and the top slid open .
tr	I	Nothing happens , but Firestorm Commando touches his glove .
tr	O	I thrust him away but it was only a very temporary respite .
tr	O	I swallowed and the vision replayed in my mind .
tr	I	Nobody could do a funeral as well as his family , and this morning , the scene reminded him of a funeral .
tr	I	It didn 't faze Julio , but Today might just be the start of those days .
tr	O	I was just scanning blueprints of the Sheraton Park Lane Hotel , and some buildings I found peculiar on Google Earth when we arrived .
tr	I	Then I had to shimmy down further to get his shoes off , and I made quick work of his belt .
tr	I	Suddenly I 'm at ease , and a sentimental laugh fills me .
tr	O	He loved teaching and he loved his students .
tr	O	Her toes were cold and she moved them to the warmth .
tr	O	Thomas poked his head down from up the staircase , and his mouth fell open at the scene below .
tr	O	He loved her , and if anyone deserved to go to heaven , it was Joni .
tr	O	We went to lunch with Simon before our flight and Imogen met us there .
tr	I	Doing something more violent , but breaking a guitar pick was one thing ?
tr	O	That may be true , but it ain 't right .
tr	I	Just beyond them , I could make out a few other structures , and Trees circled the clearing .
tr	O	There were men , like him , who liked to cause a little pain , sadists , but they trained hard not to push too hard .
tr	I	I reported to them and there are other investors in the mine .
tr	I	Every ship had its limits , but adventure was good .
tr	O	My body still tingled from the shower , and I rolled to face him , leaning over to kiss him .
tr	I	Ian completely ignored them , and Ainsley laughed .
tr	I	She knew that she had to make them count , and there were only ten rounds in the magazine .
tr	O	Malone remained too self-important for his taste , but the cocksure SOB had never lied to him .
tr	I	I 'll take you there , and pick a destination , Tara .
tr	I	His arms tightened around her , but her mind reached to his .
tr	O	I had something to say to him , but I couldn 't nail down what .
tr	O	Then those rocks in the ravine - but he wouldn 't quit .
tr	I	It knocked the breath out of her for a moment , and she crashed onto a gravestone , landing on her side .
tr	I	He 's wearing his Uncle Sam outfit so this is money ball time and the crowd is really starting to get worked up .
tr	I	My hands are clenched into fists and my heart is pounding so fast .
tr	I	That just made him the shiniest turd in the pile , but the man was not as bad as most imperial brats .
tr	I	I was ticked off that he was going to make me ask them , and I wanted my questions answered .
tr	O	Golden nodded , knowing full well that her mother might want what was best for her but her stepfather certainly did not .
tr	O	She was still as a statue , but her eyes shifted to my groin , stroking the length of my erection .
tr	I	I grasped for air and bess put me down .
tr	O	I would have never thought to get a nose ring , but I loved it .
tr	O	She did without question this time and he put his arms around her , holding her tight .
tr	I	She blinked back her tears , and her vision became blurred .
tr	O	They made me feel guilty again , and I didn 't want to feel guilty when he was the one who thought I was a monster .
tr	I	These two were always game , but he had finally talked Dexter into the mission .
tr	O	When the pain reached her stomach , she felt like vomiting and when it reached her lungs , her breath came out strained .
tr	I	He set the beat , but I rocked into him .
tr	O	Mr. Dawson had seemed less concerned than most about issues of female conversational propriety , but perhaps she had gone too far .
tr	O	It jolted me right out of my thoughts and I looked up .
tr	I	Ruth was helping me and I was practicing witchcraft .
tr	I	You 'll be needing to keep a watch out , mind and it 's you that 's going out in the world .
tr	O	Her eyes widened , and her face brightened .
tr	O	Grandchildren are very nice , but unanticipated ones might be just a little embarrassing .
tr	I	Maia realized that Rufus had hit her in the shoulder , and Bat roared .
tr	O	A few cups sat on the tables , but their owners were nowhere to be seen .
tr	O	Her knees buckled and she crumbled to the ground in a heap .
tr	O	The smallest one touched him and his body was struck comatose .
tr	I	His neck was a mass of scar tissue on one side , and he had eyes that looked as though they 'd been stolen from an eagle .
tr	I	Now he cursed as much as Ethan and the bastards had become active as hell .
tr	I	He didn 't respond , but I called to him .
tr	O	He knew Justin wouldn 't like that idea any more than he did , but they needed new places to hit in Red Mountain .
tr	O	Seeming to sense my unease , Calvin pulled me in closer , and I let myself relax .
tr	O	Colin didn 't like those odds , but no doubt Duncan found them to be an exciting challenge .
tr	I	I appreciated him not saying their names , and I knew exactly who he was referring to with them .
tr	I	I was surprised to see him walking with Debbie Cates and Tuck met up with us .
tr	I	I had missed it , but Humboldt had said something .
tr	O	He rocks against me , and I come awake slowly .
tr	I	Our conversation might be odd if others overheard it , and this was perfect for us , since I would be the only one ordering any food .
tr	I	He was glad about it and she stroked him a little .
tr	O	Sweat broke out over my forehead and my body resumed shaking .
tr	O	She 'd been lucky the orcas had treated her as gently as they had , or she could have lost the leg .
tr	O	His eyes fell to his wristwatch and his brow raised .
tr	O	Lots of blood souls were killed and we were losing .
tr	I	Nothing could be proved , but he was believed to be responsible for the death of a Mexican official .
tr	I	I thought I could see a hint of light within , but the windows had been covered over for a while .
tr	I	Junior returned his attention to Tucker , and the shifter reared back .
tr	I	Her voice sounded really interested , but Mel 's face was blank .
tr	I	He shook his head in amused disbelief and Dean 's jaw fell open .
tr	O	He hadn 't totally convinced himself , but he couldn 't possibly get involved in illegal drugs .
tr	O	They were both realistic about the chances of the development of a long term relationship , and this seemed to add to their mutual attraction .
tr	I	His title was a number but Lucas Forester was his name .
tr	I	I laughed and she grinned back at me .
tr	I	Eventually we would have questioned him about it and Willie Bascom had prior convictions for one thing .
tr	I	His voice came out a whisper and his shoulders shuddered .
tr	O	Her pale skin was smooth and his hands looked dark against it .
tr	O	Melinda would have , but she had never really been able to whistle , so she just replied with a wide-eyed , astonished nod .
tr	O	Vanessa 's gun was trained on me and I wondered if it would 've helped if my gun license had come through .
tr	I	I didn 't let him talk , but he was startled by my outburst .
tr	O	I don 't know how , but I need to .
tr	I	The intensity in his eyes made her mouth go dry , and he tilted his head back so he met her gaze .
tr	I	They got a doctor to him and he didn 't die right away .
tr	O	More than four months spent walking around on Iraqi soil and he still can 't believe what he 's looking at .
tr	O	He remembered , too , and against every dictate of his will he grazed the hard rosy tip with his thumb .
tr	I	The only chance you have , but it 's a long shot .
tr	I	You have to be careful not to bat eyelashes otherwise it looks like obvious manipulation but Big eyes are essential .
tr	I	Already he looked steadier on his legs , and the mare had finished licking the foal clean now .
tr	I	Blue flame sprouted from her palm but she reached up to touch his cheek .
tr	O	She slowly began to push energy into it , and after a moment the wick caught fire .
tr	O	It seemed impossible , but there it was .
tr	O	Anne 's broken heart would eventually heal , and things in her life would settle down .
tr	O	Pierce was intrigued , but his head was too sore to delve too deeply into the statement .
tr	O	Diego didn 't remember that much time passing , but the eastern horizon definitely was a little grayer .
tr	O	We speak only French in this class , and although I will give you some grace , I expect you to catch up quickly .
tr	I	What was he -- but he had her ?
tr	I	He doesn 't know it and he 's in a loop .
tr	I	I 'd hoped that maybe the nightmares plaguing her since New Mexico were finally gone for good and Ella had finally fallen asleep .
tr	O	He walked away without another word and I watched him go .
tr	I	You can only get to the son through the mother and you can only get to the father through the son .
tr	I	Her eyes went distant , and her voice wavered .
tr	O	He found his bike sans Ty , but the thought still made the ride home a good one .
tr	O	It was easy to tell they were brothers , but they were also very different .
tr	O	Her voice cracked and she muffled a little sob .
tr	O	The lightning touched them , and they were no more .
tr	O	Raj tried to speak something but he could not open his mouth .
tr	O	The men knew that something was badly wrong , but they couldn 't focus on what it might be .
tr	I	Elena sighed , looking around again , and Stefan left the room with the boxes .
tr	O	He had been stabbed , but he was still alive .
tr	O	His mouth opened and his tongue pushed up against my lips , begging for entry .
tr	I	There had been a few over the years , but he seldom had visitors , preferring to keep this island more of a secret .
tr	O	I take a step back , and everyone else on the team laughs .
tr	I	He didn 't , but he opened his mouth like he wanted to say something .
tr	O	He always did every year and when he wasn 't skiing he was running .
tr	O	How he expected to do that , exactly , I wasn 't sure , but now wasn 't the time to question it .
tr	O	He seen me and his mouth dropped .
tr	O	It might take a week for the whole thing to freeze up , but it would .
tr	O	The animal in Dante picked up a weird scent from Acheron , but he wasn 't sure what it was .
tr	I	She still dressed as if it was 1969 and he explained that his Mother was caught in a time trap .
tr	O	The mini-van began to swerve across the road , and I was terrified we were going to crash .
tr	O	He needed no more proof that this man was far more than a common thug , and for the first time , he was truly afraid .
tr	I	He met his junior to confirm a negative result from her and it was futile .
tr	O	Garrett bows his head and the rest of us follow .
tr	I	The end of his deadly tail landed gently in her lap and he adjusted his body awkwardly .
tr	I	Ant was confident that the explosion would destroy all the evidence , but a forensic examination would show that the lock had been bumped .
tr	O	Your mission is bigger than both of us , and we both know this is the only way .
tr	O	Carol bought something , too , but Steve couldn 't see what it was .
tr	I	Most people would be asleep in bed , thinking themselves safe and it was three in the morning .
tr	O	The boy with me was used to the place but I , of course , wasn 't .
tr	O	It was some way away but the noise had an immediate effect on Bolt .
tr	O	This was different though , and we both knew it .
tr	I	It was who I was , but it was not a moment to be proud of .
tr	I	I tense even more and it growls .
tr	O	She wanted to believe she had imagined it , but she hadn 't .
tr	I	I didn 't think Kira 's boyfriend was the obvious choice , but I wanted to talk to someone .
tr	I	I nervously knocked on the door , and I walked down the hall to Ian 's bedroom .
tr	I	In very luxurious surroundings , it turns out , and as they say , the bad sleep well .
tr	O	You 'll look across the room and you 'll see me looking back at you from the shadows .
tr	O	I can 't wait to hang out with everyone again , and I just want to say that I had a blast .
tr	I	He had helped her , but she barely knew Kai .
tr	I	It 's still oh-so revealing , but it 's a vague answer .
tr	O	His hand moves toward hers and I see him drop something into her palm .
tr	O	This wasn 't the way I had expected this interview to go but I wasn 't complaining yet .
tr	O	It was the first kiss that she had given him without prompting , and he seemed like he was instantly back in the mood .
tr	O	There was a satisfying crack and I dropped it .
tr	O	Stone glanced at me and I thought his face looked a bit pinched , as though the thought of having to say more than three words hurt .
tr	O	He might be afraid but he wasn 't going to cower .
tr	I	A little intimidation is good for the soul , but like I said , I didn 't think there 'd be any trouble .
tr	O	She had the look of an innocent , but she was always ready for a fight .
tr	I	He was holding her , not letting her dart away , forcing her to face Elena fully , and then Stefan had Caroline turned around .
tr	I	All I felt was empathy , but I expected to crave her .
tr	I	When he did , we learned what a truly big heart he had , but it took him a while to let us in .
tr	I	His fork paused midair , and Dex spotted him .
tr	O	We shall send a small party with you there and you shall come into the Black Bastion with ease .
tr	O	She continued up , but when she reached the top she saw no one .
tr	I	She was flustered like a freaking teenage girl ... and one word , one statement , one look .
tr	O	A saner god would wait to try to deal with Hades after Persephone 's return , when he was more reasonable , but Arik was desperate .
tr	I	Daisy was so jealous , and Priscilla was hoping he would soon propose .
tr	I	It brought tears to her eyes every time it crossed her mind , and it was an awful thought , horrendous .
tr	I	The cork started to slide and he pushed harder .
tr	I	She 'd never wanted to hide from that truth , but others could pretend that monsters weren 't real .
tr	I	They can 't force out the larger , heavier arrow , but besides , our bodies can push out bullets given a little time .
tr	O	The impact seemed to have knocked him back to his senses and he spun around in fear to face the man .
tr	O	He was no Saboteur Extraordinary , but you didn 't get to be a planetary agent without recognizing when to disobey a senior agent 's orders .
tr	O	The doorbell rang and Josephine was relieved to find Alice had arrived .
tr	I	She never read about them in any of the articles she 'd seen , but he talked a little about his family on the plane .
tr	I	Ellen seemed to like it and the program was reasonably priced .
tr	O	Those stars had watched Masada being built , and now they bore witness to its destruction .
tr	I	AJ sat in the front passenger 's seat and Stacy was driving .
tr	O	It took a lot out of me , everything I had left , but I succeeded in holding them back .
tr	I	I wanted to ask him what those were , and he had lips painted on his left arm .
tr	I	They were both looking at me curiously , but Cruz ' question was directed more at Mason then at me .
tr	O	From behind each door came a reluctant groan but she soon heard the sounds of the twins preparing for the day ahead .
tr	I	I kept coming back to gain your affections , and I knew how you felt about that elf .
tr	I	Now it seemed the battle continued with him , and Prissy had argued relentlessly with her .
tr	I	We can 't stay distant forever , but I feel nervous about her being here , poking through my meager possessions , shuffling down my hallways .
tr	I	He felt glad , but he didn 't dare to hope too much .
tr	I	It was nearly over , and you didn 't have to fear the worst that could happen any more , because this was it .
tr	I	She couldn 't get to him fast enough and he held out his hand when she approached .
tr	I	Jamie bumped it with hers , and she reached out her fist .
tr	I	She 's your inspiration , but Elle might be a distraction .
tr	O	One by one , more people joined in , and soon the world was at war .
tr	I	We both fell asleep and I kissed his chest .
tr	I	He knew he couldn 't turn away , but Ted 's stomach churned .
tr	O	He rolled up his sleeves , exposing knuckles decorated with various sharp rings , and my courage suddenly felt slippery .
tr	O	He would be the underdog , and he would be fighting for the right reasons .
tr	O	I felt Chase whisper against my ear , asking if I was alright , but I wasn 't capable of answering him at this point .
tr	I	It was times like this that I wished I could drink the delectable smelling concoction , and I ' d always loved the smell of coffee .
tr	I	She 'd gone out of her way to talk to the woman and I must have mentioned Eliza to her at some point .
tr	O	He smiled at me , but it seemed somewhat forced .
tr	I	There were bandages everywhere , and he seemed so pale .
tr	I	He winked at me and I glanced at Harald .
tr	O	Nadia said something to Rock , and he took her into his arms .
tr	I	The sun 's light sparkled on it , and it was dark blue , almost black .
tr	I	She was too tired to argue anyway , and he had a right to be mad .
tr	O	Abe shot a quick glare at him but it passed right by as Shorty continued talking .
tr	I	Claws sunk into her flesh , and in her terror she did not feel how it squeezed her wrist .
tr	I	He hoped not , but he might have ruined any chance of that .
tr	O	Her ears popped a second time , and her vision cleared .
tr	O	An unexpected storm had come over the lake and no one was experienced enough to feel comfortable about the large waves .
tr	O	They enjoyed Miami , but they were very tired of travelling .
tr	O	He had a gun in his hand that was pointed at Quinn , but their collective attention was rigidly affixed on me .
tr	O	She snaps her fingers and the door flies open , rocking the house .
tr	O	Yes , the Valkyrie was a single-minded competitor , but in the end she was still a female .
tr	O	Oh , I tried once , to tell Aisling , but she looked so puzzled that I gave it up .
tr	O	He tried to open an eye , but it was too heavy .
tr	I	I look for Lady Sylvia and Surreal will guard you while the Prince .
tr	I	What choice did I have , but I remained skeptical ?
tr	I	I still want you to trust me that I understand her better than you , but maybe I don 't understand her either .
tr	O	He found he could not swallow in the dream and it was uncomfortable .
tr	O	I 'm sorry I inconvenienced you but you understand we must pursue every lead .
tr	O	A breeze whispered across the lawn , and she shivered , hugging herself .
tr	I	The only thing that is making this separation bearable is because I can watch her through the cameras and it 's been four weeks .
tr	I	We did reach an understanding and we both smiled with the innuendo .
tr	O	Jake didn 't respond and after several moments of silence had passed , Dante stood up .
tr	O	It took me a while , but I thoroughly work the salve 's magic .
tr	I	The Lycans are on our trail , and we 're coming up on Josef .
tr	O	I pushed up into a sitting position , but the sudden movement made my head spin .
tr	O	My relief was so profound that I felt tears burn my eyes and it took all I had to hold them back .
tr	O	You risk angering your own tribe over a disparaged outsider and yet you don 't even expect the right to indulge yourself on me .
tr	I	My health is beginning to suffer and I still do not sleep properly .
tr	O	Curiosity begins to prickle just beneath my skin , and I wonder if we really could uncover some of the mysteries that have always troubled us .
tr	O	There was some rustling on the other end of the line , and Romain 's voice turned sarcastic .
tr	I	I would get over it but I was a little sore .
tr	I	He couldn 't go to her , and she missed him , wanted him .
tr	I	She cast glances at Arthur when she thought he wouldn 't notice , and Tonight Stacy really enjoyed being with the family .
tr	I	It did but she didn 't know why it felt important .
tr	I	He was the only other living thing in the small upstairs apartment and his dog , Max , liked the chair .
tr	O	Tabitha 's face fell and she felt severe disappointment stab at her .
tr	I	Wells brushed Theo 's arm as he passed , and they came his way .
tr	I	He turned his heard fast and Luis 's eyebrows went up .
tr	O	His football was his most precious possession and these strange people might burst it .
tr	I	The two soon combined when she penned her first historical romance and along with romance she has a passion for history .
tr	O	It was friendly interest , but uncomfortable just the same .
tr	I	I will take what I can get , but I know it is a momentary boost .
tr	O	Free gold isn 't too hard to find , but refining silver is a lot of work .
tr	I	He winced at a bitter cold wind and the smell of saltwater filled his nose .
tr	O	The bars slammed shut behind them and I struggled to a sitting position .
tr	O	He doesn 't answer right away , and I 'm starting to suspect he isn 't going to answer me at all .
tr	O	I pulled against him , but his grip was like steel .
tr	I	His tone becomes a whisper and his eyes cloud over momentarily .
tr	I	Things would never be easy for them , and they were a newly born team now .
tr	O	I still can 't figure out how that happened , but you 're not weak .
tr	O	He lifted her in his arms and she clung around his neck as he walked to the house .
tr	I	I could barely breathe and my heart felt too full in my chest .
tr	O	Arik raked his hand through his hair as he understood her anger , but it didn 't do anything to sate the fire in his groin .
tr	O	I haven 't even started those and I am already dreading it .
tr	I	For the briefest of moments , I caught a glimpse of vulnerability behind the hardness of his eyes , but it was an obvious order .
tr	O	She could scream for help , but she knew no one would come .
tr	I	His hands were boring down on my shoulders , and he was baring his teeth now like a wild animal .
tr	O	I looked to the sideline and Coach was grinning .
tr	O	It looked like no other blade on Earth and I noticed its odd curves on the reverse .
tr	I	I close my eyes , choosing each word carefully , and my breath catches in my throat .
tr	I	Such individuals selected to comprise the team , and the personality traits of individuals who can withstand extreme anxiety must be determined .
tr	O	The kiss wasn 't overly sexy , but the soft way his lips brushed against hers had her heart swelling with emotion .
tr	O	He let out a quiet breath , and I placed my hands on his cheeks , gazing up at him .
tr	I	There weren 't any , but I listened intently for sounds of a struggle .
tr	O	It was a pleasant evening , but I never called her again .
tr	O	I try to drop the haunted ball of tinfoil , but it sticks to my skin as though it had somehow magically adhered .
tr	O	I thanked her , and we departed .
tr	O	You 'll have to work with a couple of our other agents , and we 'll need you here for meetings .
tr	O	Your plan worked , and she 's dead .
tr	I	I crush them in my fists , and my hands grip the silken wall hangings .
tr	O	I 'd already done that and I was determined to no longer give him this satisfaction .
tr	O	She looked at Timberlake and he interpreted her motion as an appeal for help .
tr	O	Typical of a Fox , the anchorman had said in crass aside , and he wasn 't exaggerating .
tr	I	She 's the only one who isn 't over the top successful and Taylor was in my class .
tr	O	He would watch the men closely , hover over her shoulder if necessary , but he would not stop her from giving aid .
tr	O	The sun was peeking in through the glass windows , and Ezra was sitting at the counter , earbuds in his ears , hunched over the paper .
tr	I	Richard continued , but I gave my mom a triumphant look .
tr	O	I knew every contour of it , every detail , and as soon as I touched him it was almost like I could see him again .
tr	I	Rows of beautifully crafted bookshelves lined the walls , and his office had originally been the old library .
tr	O	I knew we didn 't have to be there , but I felt like I wanted to take in everything I could .
tr	I	It sure felt like she had , but she knew she hadn 't really slept with him last night .
tr	O	He nodded to show he was all right , and I hoped his back wasn 't bothering him much .
tr	O	The baby cooed in his arms and Catherine smiled .
tr	I	He had no time for them , but Friendly dogs barking at his arrival told him that his uncle had returned from his camp .
tr	O	She may not need the money like Jason does , but she wants it just as badly .
tr	O	His tongue licked across her lips and she instinctively opened her mouth to let him in .
tr	O	In fact , his existence would consist of nothing but delivering souls to the Fringe .
tr	I	Looked across the room , and cassy interrupted his thoughts .
tr	O	It was the same vampire she 'd seen before , and he looked down on her with an amused expression .
tr	I	She didn 't even realize it , and Mia held that piece of me .
tr	I	I held them back , but I felt tears well up in my eyes .
tr	I	I see that the wind has blown away the smog , and my partial view of the city below opens a little with the swaying branches .
tr	I	I was starving , but when Aiden appeared with a bag of takeout food , I almost threw it back at him .
tr	I	After that , everything seemed to go quickly , and Daniel called to inform Louisa .
tr	O	Angelica had to pull herself free from the sensual fog that came with him , and at first she didn 't understand .
tr	I	The stars shook with light , and then I screamed at the sky , wordless , meaningless , raw animal pain .
tr	O	The Germans used it as a labor camp , and the Soviets have made it into a prison camp .
tr	I	He reminded himself not to get involved , but it was impossible not to overhear their conversation .
tr	I	Then he slowly nodded , but his eyes went wide .
tr	I	We sat like that until dawn , and I put my arm around him .
tr	O	Natalie stepped farther in , trying not to step in the growing puddle , but she found it near impossible .
tr	I	Kevin stayed silent , too and Missy continued to ignore him .
tr	I	Now everyone was asleep , and then exhaustion crept in .
tr	O	He didn 't feel her eyes on him now , but he didn 't expect she 'd given up .
tr	O	One guy did let go as we fell , and when I got that hand underneath me for leverage , I yanked away from the other man .
tr	O	The history classes were more focused and in depth than anything I could have imagined .
tr	O	He had been caught in the middle of something so not to do with him , and it killed him .
tr	I	I 'm starting to have some doubts , but I have great faith in your theories .
tr	I	I can trust him more than anyone else in my life , but I don 't know what I did to deserve his loyalty .
tr	O	Her shadow was a girl 's shadow , and seemed in that moment to have nothing at all to do with her .
tr	O	Both were on , as she had left them , but otherwise the house looked silent as a tomb .
tr	I	He drives away and we both climb inside .
tr	O	We didn 't qualify for enough government aid , and our credit was too shaky for anything else .
tr	I	None of them had surfaced , but I could hear the dolphins .
tr	O	It kills me to refuse Ivy anything , but I can 't talk about Lisa .
tr	O	He may kill Ashby later , but he would need more of an excuse then the fact that his ex brother-in-law had opened the door .
tr	O	More of her hair had fallen from her bun and she had a coffee stain on her white blouse .
tr	O	I mentioned it to my doctor and she suggested I read romance novels to help put me in the mood .
tr	O	I might be looking at bed rest if it doesn 't stop , but if it does , I should be good to go .
tr	O	His teeth were gritted in pain and I could tell instantly that his ankle wouldn 't support him .
tr	I	I hit the floor below us , but Logan hit the lobby button .
tr	I	This new one is next to the cabin in Durango , and we now have a marker set in San Francisco .
tr	O	I hadn 't slept over again , and I hadn 't seen Stu either .
tr	O	Jackson grinned at me when he pulled back and I rolled my eyes at his smug expression .
tr	O	I nodded , and he set his hand on my back .
tr	I	I decided to choose a spot close to the water and the rushing sound of the river drew me to it .
tr	O	There was no separation between their bodies and their tentacles were entwined with each other .
tr	I	She was determined to make them fly , and the discs were one test required to become a full sorceress .
tr	O	They had never been through a difficult fight , and the usual squabbles were snuffed out quickly because Marlee had taught him to bite his tongue .
tr	O	The boy noticed a slight rasp in the old man 's voice , and his words didn 't seem as distinct as they had in the past .
tr	O	Then gravity kicked in , realising a physical object was defying its laws , and the demon came hurtling down towards me .
tr	I	She 'd been sick for some time now , and she was sick .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I knew I sounded sappy .
tr	O	Maybe you 're lost , searching for a you left behind ages ago , but every time I 'll find you .
tr	I	She had long ago accepted this role and it went along with the rest of her life .
tr	I	I dodge , feeling the displacement of air as the attack sails over my head , and it lunges , a large hood unfurling .
tr	O	His eyes were smoldering with need , and it only made me more frantic .
tr	O	I figured we might miss the prom entirely , and I can 't say that I entirely minded .
tr	I	I felt those eyes boring into me , and she just looked at me .
tr	O	The visible parts of his face were red , and I knew he was as cold as me .
tr	I	James refused to cower under his father 's questions , but Doubt clouded his dad 's eyes .
tr	I	I couldn 't hear , and Malcolm lowered his voice .
tr	O	I wanted it all to end , but there seemed to be no end in sight .
tr	I	He leaps from the counter and I swipe at my cat .
tr	I	There was a barrier he couldn 't begin to bridge , but he felt the power moving inside him .
tr	I	It was up to me to figure out which hairy geologist she was now seeing and she was playing coy .
tr	I	I barely slept the first two years , and I 'd been so stressed every day .
tr	I	You still slick with blood from your butchery and you think I wan na tangle with you ?
tr	I	Far away a siren sounded , and Traffic droned next to him .
tr	I	His expression turned blank , and his eyes bored into mine .
tr	I	When he opened the door the stench of stale urine hit him but he took a plate for Jamie .
tr	O	Zach didn 't put much stock in such things , but he understood why people did .
tr	I	He bit the vine in half , and one wrapped around his muzzle .
tr	I	He held her close , and her breathing was soft .
tr	O	Rebecca threw her body across Miranda 's and flung them both to the ground .
tr	O	A small glow emitted from it , and he moved something on the mechanism .
tr	I	His expression was distinctly suggestive when he spoke , but he kept his eyes on my face .
tr	O	I 'd suggest checking anywhere they might have archives , but those definitely won 't be open at this hour .
tr	O	My heart felt like it was in my throat , and the pain I felt intensified even more .
tr	I	I met Jasmine 's gaze , and my companions came to a halt beside me .
tr	I	We stood to go and they called our movie .
tr	O	The boot slammed and the driver returned .
tr	O	It suggested a human , but it lacked the Watcher 's solidity .
tr	I	I can tell you a little bit about myself , but I can 't tell you my name .
tr	I	I managed to get a fourth slice down , but the food settled in a dense bal in my stomach .
tr	I	He did offer me a little smile , but Robin looked weary .
tr	O	The service is short and the burial is shorter .
tr	O	It was only a college-age couple walking hand-in-hand down the sidewalk , but she felt nervous all the same .
tr	O	The wolves had caught him , and now they were making him pay .
tr	O	The man grumbled something , but they just continued walking .
tr	O	Yes , he is a man of few words , but he does not hide his emotions .
tr	O	He was poor , and Simon knew what it was like to grow up in severe poverty .
tr	O	The door was pulled open quickly and there was warm embrace between the two of them .
tr	O	I shooed them out to the patio as my mom and Mrs. Sterling disappeared into the kitchen .
tr	O	She owed him that much and she knew it .
tr	O	It 's so wrong , and yet I would .
tr	I	She said she would be out of house before 7.30 am and he asked her when she had to get up for school .
tr	O	She shook her head , but he kept going .
tr	O	He 's early and he 's waiting for me .
tr	I	I nodded back and he nodded a hello .
tr	I	It has enough fuel for a Mars injection orbit , and our engineers have run the numbers .
tr	O	I got in from work one evening and I couldn 't be bothered to go to the gym .
tr	O	My first born , who was almost six years old , on the outside looked like his mama , but his insides were all his daddy .
tr	O	Frank had a quiet voice , and there was often a note of familiarity in it , as if they had known each other well .
tr	O	Jonas felt murderous all over again but he held on to his temper .
tr	O	Mouth nearly coming unhinged as I tried in vain to scream , but my voice could not be compelled to comply .
tr	I	It 's all you can do to stay alive and Everything explodes .
tr	O	A couple of credit cards peeked out from their slots , but one of the inserts was a driver 's license .
tr	I	Ivy leaned over to look at the mess and a hunk of bagel fell to the floor .
tr	O	Don 's complicity in the theft was never proven , but the suspicion was enough to cost him his job .
tr	O	It was probably my imagination and I was tired .
tr	I	She was very much alive , but the young girl 's face was spotted with bruises .
tr	I	The tension between us was frightening , but he didn 't say another word to me .
tr	O	The engines were silent , and the steady vibration she had become accustomed to throughout the afternoon was missing .
tr	O	The Inferno Grill sign said Closed , yet the door yielded to her touch .
tr	O	It had gotten me into trouble in the past , and being incapacitated by hair-pulling could prove a fatal mistake .
tr	I	He 's a pro , but this really pisses him off .
tr	O	I introduced the two , and we all climbed in .
tr	I	Before she could turn the page , something caught her eye , but she didn 't appreciate feeling like a voyeur .
tr	I	I stood my ground determined to beat this man , but I didn 't know what I was agreeing to .
tr	O	I want to go before it 's too late and we have another skunk incident like we did the other night .
tr	I	It was not enough of a lead , but several seconds passed before he heard the sound of footsteps behind him .
tr	I	It keeps repeating in my head , but I know it isn 't real .
tr	I	No one could just leave it alone and I was happy there .
tr	O	I know this dream won 't last forever and a part of me will always want him as a permanent fixture in my life .
tr	O	His chest crashes against my cheek with every breath he takes and his pulse is hammering in his chest .
tr	I	My hands are shaking uncontrollably , but I need to take a picture of this , document it .
tr	I	He refuses , and she told me that she 's tried everything to get him to go to bed with her .
tr	O	I could see that she was embarrassed at my reaction , but I couldn 't stop myself .
tr	I	I 'd hardly thought I 'd left this sort of impression , but I 'd known Seth 's nieces still liked me .
tr	O	They could 've jumped down , but it didn 't seem right .
tr	I	Aiden was my prey and chapter 15 Later that night , I was on the hunt .
tr	O	In a few moments the engine growled and we pulled out into the Sydney traffic .
tr	I	To be of use ... to fulfill their purpose later , they will need to pass through death first , and they are of little use now .
tr	O	Finally , she spoke to his mind , addressing a subject he could respond to , but she wouldn 't like the answer .
tr	O	A cool breeze ruffled her hair and she shivered .
tr	O	My throat locked up and I sputtered for words while tears clouded my vision .
tr	O	She smiled at him and he shook his head .
tr	O	Sergei 's eyelids twitched and his eyes went wide when he saw me .
tr	I	Her mind no longer served her , but the quality of the addiction program was taking a dive .
tr	O	When I got to it , the door burst open and a zombie came out .
tr	O	Sitting , she whistled once and Chewie lumbered over from his perch by the opening .
tr	I	He could no longer see more than a few feet in front of him , and in just a few minutes the storm had intensified .
tr	O	She glared at him when he gave her a soft push and she landed on the bed on her behind .
tr	O	A few people stared back and he managed a nanosecond smile from them .
tr	I	I haven 't moved , but I feel a strange pull as if I 'm being led somewhere , see a quick flash of mist around me .
tr	I	His phone went straight to voicemail , but after my bath , I tried calling Devin again .
tr	O	The Fates were once again toying with him and he didn 't like it in the least .
tr	O	It was hard to look into the master 's deep wise eyes and his brusque voice made sure he had every bit of your attention .
tr	I	There had been endless things to see and the tour had taken some time .
tr	I	You 're making my team jumpy and you 're a bundle of nerves .
tr	O	Cathy had begun to limp a little and Steve offered to examine her toes again .
tr	O	I was still mad , but I knew it would be a long time before I saw him again .
tr	I	I wanted him out of my way more than I 'd ever wanted anything , and the newsman was a looker with a beautiful smile .
tr	I	They didn 't come out very often but teams went in there sometimes .
tr	O	She had always had choices , and she had chosen to live .
tr	O	It was as if each of us brought something strong to the group , and I liked that .
tr	I	Other was fisted in my hair , and one was currently scalding my lower back .
tr	O	Austen stared at her and she returned his gaze .
tr	I	My footing turned out to be not as secure as I thought it was and a loud honk startled my adrenaline into action .
tr	I	For now , it would have to be enough , but it seemed like a paltry thing in the face of all that plagued him .
tr	O	Abruptly Eleanor vanished and he was alone .
tr	O	The section of the stairs from the tunnel closes behind us and I feel entombed .
tr	O	Sable 's men poured through the narrow halls , but he saw far fewer of Hess 's men .
tr	I	His letters kept coming , as if he was arguing with himself , but I never wrote back .
tr	O	One look at Sulley and I failed .
tr	O	After ten minutes Nick motioned for them to stop and they sat in the dark to catch their breath .
tr	I	There were runners who were running their hundredth and there were people who were running their first marathon .
tr	I	I could tell that I struck a nerve and she clenched her jaw .
tr	I	There would be others , and the first family tragedy .
tr	I	Yet , he wasn 't sure Andrew would understand and there was no one who knew him better .
tr	O	The blue light dances across the display , but eventually it winks out as the comm disconnects .
tr	O	I knew who I was , where I was going and I didn 't care who got caught up in my web .
tr	O	The eyes were not opened , but there was a fluttering in the lids .
tr	I	Down along pulsing shaft and rubbing her hand up .
tr	I	Then the lighthouse beacon moved over them , and they seemed dark brown at first , hazel , chocolate even .
tr	O	I was the only one home , and I quite enjoyed it that way .
tr	I	I 'm determined to get through this with my pride intact , but my heart trips on the tangle of emotions in my chest .
tr	O	Starting from scratch would have been easier , but Ramon did what he had to do .
tr	O	Gretchen pointed to the back of the house , and her uninvited guests thundered off in that direction .
tr	O	He grinned and I groaned .
tr	O	Pen whispers something that I cannot make out , and Des turns off the flames .
tr	I	He twisted again , and they bounced off .
tr	O	He got a scholarship , but he had to get a deferment when Matt got sick .
tr	I	I wondered if it upset him , but Demetri never said anything about it .
tr	O	The nurse took Kelly 's other hand , and then Kelly 's story came pouring out .
tr	O	Emily 's Camry wasn 't huge , but it had more than enough room .
tr	O	Her face was a little pale , but she looked as lovely as ever .
tr	I	She was singing along too and I glanced over at Jenny .
tr	O	He had been trained to fight , but aside from his exercises he had never actually made use of his abilities .
tr	I	He sat back down and Marcus had been halfway off his chair .
tr	O	She felt like I had abandoned her in all the confusion and I told her I would never do that .
tr	I	There are sure to be questions and you 're barely out of rehab .
tr	I	We can 't verify how he will provide the code , and you won 't allow us to talk to these men .
tr	I	She would know her voice anywhere but Julia had never met Sam Thornton .
tr	O	I told her I had spoken to Column about it and we probably would go .
tr	O	Vlad had only met me a few days ago and he knew that .
tr	O	Someone was calling her name , but in her panic , she knew only that the voice was unfamiliar .
tr	I	The look was mirrored on both their faces , but she would have thought she was imagining things .
tr	I	The thought made her laugh out loud and part of the mystery became quite clear .
tr	I	It 's still so cold , but I have a jacket on .
tr	O	Michael pulls away , and I feel disappointed .
tr	O	I held my breath as I waited for his answer , and he pulled away enough to look at me , his eyes searching mine .
tr	O	Jude moved to help him , but he held up his hand .
tr	O	I am the most unfortunate human ever born , and you guys like to screw with my head ?
tr	O	He tried not to stare , but her face was a magnet .
tr	I	She stared at me , and her blue eyes watered .
tr	I	She had adored him and Mark had been two years her senior .
tr	I	It wasn 't working and Diana said that the doctor had changed his medication .
tr	I	She could feel their strength through the terry cloth , and his hands slid around her back .
tr	I	He had allowed it to continue while his own wounds healed , and what he had said about staff maintaining the place was true .
tr	O	Dressed in combat clothing , and carrying a rifle , he yelled orders despite the chaos going on around him .
tr	O	His pasty skin was slick with sweat , but he stood at ease like the rest of the team .
tr	I	It 's not necessary , but it makes it stronger when they do use motion .
tr	I	He shows me what 's in the box , and he asks .
tr	I	She knew it and there was no subtext there .
tr	I	He seemed speechless and his jaw clenched .
tr	O	That was bound to hit him hard and it was scarcely surprising that he wasn 't acting rationally at the moment .
tr	O	I 'd trusted and I 'd gotten burned .
tr	O	We walked in silence toward the group , and then Tripp walked off to the right to the bar without a backward glance my way .
tr	O	Surely that contributed to Roar 's dark temper , but the real cause was obvious .
tr	I	He made me nervous , but I knew he was still the same guy .
tr	I	There was mist in the valley here , but it was day when I passed .
tr	I	Once the words left her lips she felt a strange relief , but she had not meant her sarcasm to cut quite so sharp .
tr	I	Many found their homes , and many children were rescued .
tr	O	When she felt a touch on her arm she jumped , and Bethan 's squeal made them both laugh .
tr	O	She just hadn 't thought out the financial particulars and now she was paying for it .
tr	I	Marcus was an ass , and my job was stupid .
tr	I	She highly doubted it , but she would be thrilled if that were the case .
tr	I	A profound need swept through him to get out of his restraints , and Strength flowed into his arms .
tr	O	You win , and I get more power .
tr	O	Her nails were digging into his shoulders and she was fighting to get closer to him .
tr	I	I don 't need any interference , and I don 't need any help .
tr	O	She was being paid twice her normal salary , and she wasn 't going to let a man stand in the way of her career .
tr	I	They both became human and abruptly the fight ended .
tr	I	I doubted you existed , but I 've heard rumors about you .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure when Bex had grown up , but it was unsettling .
tr	O	Spotlights shone down , and the boy studied her in the manner of someone who is used to looking at rare , beautiful things .
tr	I	He was the crummy leader that I grew up with , but he may have been a crummy leader .
tr	I	He paused and his lips turned up in a grin .
tr	O	We exist in a fragile balance , and the core of that balance , the thing that restrains us , is our family .
tr	I	Nothing could penetrate the perfect existence I 'd created , and I was safe here in this vibrantly rich world .
tr	O	Becka touched his arm , and he jumped .
tr	O	I could feel a body , but that wasn 't mine either .
tr	O	Moving had tightened the bindings on my feet , and I felt as though I were being stretched .
tr	O	His musky scent permeated the interior of the truck , and she breathed in the reassurance of pure Jacob .
tr	O	At the back of my mind , I accept that I need more than this from him , but for now , I don 't care .
tr	I	All present strained forward so as not to miss a single moment , and it was clear that something was about to happen .
tr	I	Murdoch knew he was calculating , yet his pale eyes were expressionless .
tr	O	You will never grow old , and you will always be beautiful .
tr	O	I tried to tell myself I didn 't know what I was doing , but I did .
tr	I	I decided I should do something , and both of them were in the Pacific .
tr	O	Lucky 's voice sounded shocked and she shook her head at me .
tr	O	She scrunched up her nose , and it was so goddamned cute that I instantly hardened .
tr	I	It was the making up that kept me awake , but the argument woke me .
tr	O	It wasn 't a lie exactly , but it felt off to me .
tr	O	I got out of my seat to use the bathroom , and when I came back , I noticed I had a missed call from Ellery .
tr	O	He 'd lost weight since he 'd retaken the throne , and the accumulated stress was more than visible in his haggard face .
tr	I	They drove out of the town in a matter of seconds and Jeff pulled the van down the street .
tr	I	The four people who were talking before the broadcast were back and the video cut out .
tr	O	There was so much he wanted to know , and he couldn 't ask .
tr	I	The question was how she 'd done it without waking me up , but I only needed one guess to figure out who had done it .
tr	O	I could monopolize a conversation about the Keck Telescope before most kids knew how to write their names , and Dr. Byron Zorba was my hero .
tr	O	Yes , Sam lied to me , but I didn 't care .
tr	O	My eyes fil ed with tears , and I turned to face the front .
tr	O	My whole body jerked , and it felt like my arms were going to be ripped from their sockets .
tr	I	For this she was profoundly grateful and one lean arm stayed firmly anchored at her waist .
tr	O	His brow creased and he looked puzzled .
tr	O	Your legs have been broken , and they 're both in casts .
tr	I	He held the sheets when she reached his waist , but she would have covered his chest up as well .
tr	O	He nipped at the lacy cup of my bra and I jumped because he snagged my nipple with it .
tr	I	One lived for others , or she shouldn 't go back to a life of confinement .
tr	O	They were on top of a man who was dead , and they were gnawing on him , deep into him .
tr	O	This river was called the Rhone and its life-giving waters had for millennia supported communities along its banks .
tr	O	I didn 't remember her name from yesterday , but I immediately envied her for his attention .
tr	I	Grace enjoyed listening to John talk , and their meal was delicious .
tr	O	He now knew the truth , and it resonated within his heart .
tr	O	Moving the handle , I become frightened , but his gentle voice swims through my mind , calming me .
tr	I	She took it over , and I set up a tray .
tr	O	Mom 's face darkened and her color grew black .
tr	I	He steadied her , and she flung herself at him .
tr	I	I immediately regret saying it and the color is draining from his face .
tr	I	He leans into it and I touch his face .
tr	I	Sage had stopped listening , but Dylan kept talking , now about his plans for the restaurant he was opening .
tr	I	Before I knew what was happening , the bodyguard , Russell , pushed us in the opposite direction and I felt Dale 's muscles tense instantly .
tr	O	She was fresh and she was bold .
tr	I	He couldn 't reconcile it with this photograph and Michael thought about what he 'd learned today .
tr	O	It 's a look that I 've never seen before , and to be honest , it scared the hell out of me .
tr	I	Two symptoms were fairly noticeable but no one really discussed it .
tr	I	Then she began to laugh , and MaryAnn stared at him for several long seconds .
tr	O	I stand there for another minute giving Knox another chance to explain but he looks back over to the group .
tr	O	I felt guilty about how good she made me feel , but I didn 't want Avril to know about the woman .
tr	I	I walked in , and he turned the knob .
tr	I	At the time , she 'd had no idea how many clothes she would need , but she 'd really wanted to pay for her own clothes .
tr	O	This time Tess grew silent , and Cara burst out laughing .
tr	O	She thought taking Riley would end her suffering , but it only brought grief on top of grief .
tr	I	It had passed the edge of the round perimeter but his right arm tried to find a supporting surface .
tr	O	Saturdays were more laidback for Alexi , and they should be that way for children .
tr	O	Her expression softened and she chuckled softly .
tr	O	I picture Luca as a scared five-year old , tied to his bed in the dark and my eyes fill with tears .
tr	O	As if to emphasize the worry in my stomach , my balance teetered and I almost slipped .
tr	I	The werewolves , according to the films , were always different , and the problem was that the only information I had came from movies .
tr	I	I was starting to shiver , but I tried not to whine .
tr	O	Everyone around me starts getting up and I follow suit .
tr	O	Norman wondered , and then Harry stumbled into the room , colliding with Norman .
tr	O	The phone is in Carman 's name , but the couple share it .
tr	I	Ashlyn 's name appeared , and I looked at it .
tr	O	I didn 't respond to that , but my cheeks went hot .
tr	I	Yet I was , and I didn 't want to hurt her .
tr	O	There were dark circles under her eyes and some of her usual energy was missing .
tr	O	She 's spent all day , every day , in Reading , and I barely saw her all weekend .
tr	O	He looked shell-shocked but his eyes were steady .
tr	I	It came apparent we 'd agreed to room together the next year , but I 'm not sure who asked first .
tr	O	I really fucked things up and I missed her like crazy .
tr	I	In fact , the courtyard was alive with wedding preparations , and while certainly not warm , the unseasonable temperatures made it comfortable to be outdoors .
tr	I	She 'd noticed a little tightness in her jeans the past few days , but her belly was still flat .
tr	O	Gregor could imagine any number of similar scenarios , but as he lay awake that night , he knew he didn 't believe any of them .
tr	O	It had sustained me then , and it sustained me now .
tr	O	We 're doing a little better at communicating with them , but it 's slow going .
tr	I	She found herself telling Paul about her husband , and she continued to reminisce .
tr	O	Mr. Rice had applied fertilizer for a month and it looked like a puttin ' green , as he liked to say .
tr	I	They looked moist , like he washed them before placing them in the bag and the stems were already cut .
tr	I	It was fine and we went on to Arizona after that .
tr	I	There was no slowing down , but Tessa 's feet were screaming in their fashionable boots , her heart slamming against her chest .
tr	O	Sean began to sputter , but he held up a hand .
tr	I	I can 't , but I want to go .
tr	O	Their blood is changing and I fear that they will undergo the transformation .
tr	O	The news said he has a criminal record and he dropped out of school two years ago .
tr	I	You help me , and help them .
tr	O	Someone has come into the farm and we 're all looking for him .
tr	O	It was late September , nearly October , and the leaves were falling from the trees .
tr	O	Tomorrow was Christmas Eve , and he didn 't care .
tr	O	The door was heavy , and it took all her strength to open it .
tr	I	I can feel blood dripping down my right leg where I took a good hit , and both my arms are in pain from scorches .
tr	O	It had sounded more animal than human , but it was accompanied by a couple other female voices , low , soothing words spoken in Spanish .
tr	O	I didn 't feel rested and I wasn 't in a good mood .
tr	I	The sink has a drip , and it 's quiet , dark .
tr	I	He wasn 't lying on the narrow sofa , but I wanted to ask Victor if I did .
tr	I	The search for Brendan was proving fruitless and back at the lake hours had passed .
tr	I	Their tears fell as stones upon the ground , and God 's heart turned to stone against them .
tr	O	I could hear Hades chuckle , but he said nothing in reply .
tr	O	She tried to swallow , but her mouth was dry .
tr	I	Neither does Bryn and I don 't have a big family .
tr	I	Winnie drank it and Gretta held out the glass .
tr	O	Nothing special , mind you , but I do enjoy my vacations .
tr	O	I was pretty sure I could slip out , and no one would really notice the door opening .
tr	O	The pay 's not great , but you 'll have a roof over your head .
tr	O	Speaking would have involved breathing and both were holding their breaths .
tr	I	The tendril instead withdrew , but for a moment Zook thought the entire amorphous thing would slip through the narrow cave .
tr	I	For the most part he was doing everything but they 'd been planning the wedding together .
tr	O	She wanted to ask Sean what was being done , but she couldn 't .
tr	O	We 're seated at a table , and a girl from school is our server .
tr	O	They 're loaded with archers on the two smaller ships , and they have bowmen on the flagship as well .
tr	O	Rafe was startled by such injustice and angry words sprang to his lips .
tr	O	I 'd started crying from sheer terror , and it was an effort to keep my voice level .
tr	I	Being without you is tearing me apart and I miss my best friend .
tr	O	The voice was familiar , but Tara couldn 't see his face .
tr	O	It was dripping gravy all over my floor , for one thing , and it wasn 't quite fully done , for another .
tr	I	His parents actually have high expectations from him and he has a complicated family .
tr	O	We walk up to the house and the white stone steps are wide .
tr	O	Forcing herself to think about the party and the guests , instead of making love with Colin , wasn 't easy .
tr	O	I didn 't see him and I fought panic .
tr	I	There 's nothing a mundane hospital can do for her now , and it 's just that I know what 's wrong with Jocelyn .
tr	I	This time it had an added benefit , but the stone again made a small dent .
tr	O	I shout immediately , juggling the phone to my other hand as the light changes and I ease through the intersection .
tr	O	They entered the airlock , and Barnes closed the door .
tr	I	I don 't know how but I want to help him .
tr	I	I wipe it off on a piece of toilet paper and the tip has a little blood on it .
tr	O	I could read his mind , and I didn 't like what I was hearing .
tr	I	Everything will be okay and we could unite .
tr	O	Neither of us wants this war to happen , but I think it 's going to happen anyway , regardless of anything we do .
tr	O	My name 's Mike , but people call me Ace .
tr	I	He was no longer there , but Ira turned his eyes back to the older man .
tr	O	I realized that this was the only reunion we would get , and I clutched myself closer to him .
tr	O	He loved the most difficult woman he 'd ever met , and he couldn 't imagine his life without her .
tr	I	Alex was looking anxiously in our direction and Kirk was helping her to her feet .
tr	I	He was motionless except for the slow expansion of his ribs as he breathed , but she looked at Iain .
tr	O	His eyes widened momentarily , and then a smile flickered in their blue depths .
tr	O	She held her breath , waiting for the warmth to spread through her , the euphoria to wash over her , but it never did .
tr	O	She obviously wasn 't telling him everything and he was forced to admit her refusal bothered him .
tr	O	Javelin 's face grew set , and he sighed .
tr	I	He didn 't look discomfited , but I 'd meant this as an object lesson about invading other people 's privacy .
tr	I	She listened intently for several seconds and her hand went to her earpiece .
tr	O	He let out a hiss as the water ran over the jagged cuts , but she did not stop .
tr	I	They were there ; but they weren 't as obvious then .
tr	I	The door wouldn 't open , but she jerked on it repeatedly .
tr	O	I look over at my mom and she looks like she 's seen a ghost .
tr	O	I told her Margie shouldn 't have any problem trusting me , but she repeated that she 'd promised Margie you 'd be there .
tr	I	God knows what else and he 'd frightened her .
tr	O	My extraordinary sense of hearing would certainly be able to depict every word of his conversation , but I cracked my window just in case .
tr	O	Silk sounded startled , and his eyes brightened .
tr	O	He got no answer , but it didn 't matter .
tr	O	Not pleasant , nothing about that morning 's elevator ride was pleasant , but it was at least known .
tr	I	His hand searched until he found mine , and he was warm .
tr	I	There was one email from Dr. Wilson to McKay that interests us a lot , but most were of no use .
tr	I	Steve grinned and the tiny bikini left little to the imagination .
tr	O	The honeyed taste of her was sexy as hell , and he decided waking up should be all about indulgence .
tr	I	We 'd lose our funding , and someone would definitely lose their job .
tr	O	Nathaniel was relieved the surgery had gone smoothly , but he couldn 't relax until Eloise was conscious again .
tr	I	Now her forestry experience was coming in handy , and she had saved their lives .
tr	I	Linda held her tighter , and Connie released another sob .
tr	O	I felt the red creep up my face and I 'm sure I smiled like a dork .
tr	I	His mind was racing , but Vale 's eyes were locked on the images .
tr	I	I got it , but I didn 't know how to respond at first .
tr	I	His muscles turned rock-hard beneath her hands and the wiry hairs tickled her palms .
tr	O	We settle on a design using only her black costumes , and she collects the others to take home .
tr	O	When Chloe came out of the bedroom , her face was red , but she seemed to be carrying less emotional baggage on her small shoulders .
tr	O	he shouts , and I pull myself up out of my slumber .
tr	O	What I 'm going to tell you is in the strictest confidence and you must promise never to tell another soul .
tr	O	Her head was held back and she was laughing .
tr	I	The other had started for the surface and one of the girls was sharing air with Marco .
tr	I	Struggled to my feet , gasping for breath and I flung its dying body off me , pulling the blade free .
tr	I	What you 've done to me is criminal , and you treat your employees like crap .
tr	I	Pressed up against Jackson , she knew he felt the same , but she 'd never felt that way about anyone .
tr	I	Even underneath the tanned skin Pierre could see his friend was pale and his lips were stretched .
tr	I	Our planning was well worth it , and the king is well protected here .
tr	I	We rise and miriam motions as if leaping .
tr	I	They all took an involuntary step forward , and the iron discipline of the legions wavered .
tr	O	I 'm a normal woman , and he 's a good-looking man .
tr	O	A tear streaked down her cheek and she let out a helpless whimper .
tr	O	Someone with big hands pushes her shoulders so that she ends up on her back , and her hair falls away from her face .
tr	O	Rage burst through her at the sight , and she groaned in response to its power .
tr	I	Zell was thrown back and Silver made an unfamiliar gesture with his hands .
tr	O	All at once Frances began to feel weary , and after hiding her face under the shade of her parasol , she closed her eyes .
tr	I	She opened it slowly and I threw it at her .
tr	O	I smiled the kind that didn 't reach my eyes , and I extended a hand .
tr	O	You will manage it , and you will get home .
tr	O	They 'd had coffee , and he 'd even given her a kiss on the cheek , right there in front of the entire congregation .
tr	I	He felt it , and this was his fault .
tr	I	The fear pouring from her was making her very , very clumsy , but she could have had that window open in the blink of an eye .
tr	O	The Germans were attacking Paris and we would all be dead soon anyway .
tr	O	The process seems to take many stored experiences from the brain , but although the good ones gradually return , the darker ones remain submerged .
tr	O	He failed to kill me then , and Saul never accepted failure lightly .
tr	I	Knowing what could happen with Brian , I don 't even ask , but for the first time , I notice dark circles under her eyes .
tr	O	He wasn 't about to scream her name from the rooftops , but a small ringing of panic sent its way through his body .
tr	O	She looked up at him anxiously at first , but he didn 't give her time to panic .
tr	I	It could still be done , but it might be long overdue .
tr	O	I felt the painful pangs of human emotions again , and I realized , with a long-lost shudder , that I felt ashamed .
tr	I	She willingly opened to him and his knee parted her thighs .
tr	O	Forte hoped it wouldn 't come to that , but he had no reservation about using them if he had to .
tr	I	Usually a good bath would wash them off , but Enough could cause unbearable torment .
tr	O	I made room to a man to take his tickets , and I put my hands on my head .
tr	I	Only a few halfs spoke to me , and days passed .
tr	I	No one except Carl even knew about me taking you to the ball and that was just yesterday .
tr	I	Boone could definitely discern the stench of chemicals , but the wind was light .
tr	I	It wasn 't but we skipped stones across the creek , which sounds dumb .
tr	O	She opened her arms and Hope rushed forward before anyone could stop her , embracing the woman .
tr	O	He 'd hardly done more than kiss her , yet she had a way of shredding his restraint .
tr	I	The other leads you straight into the bedroom and one door leads you to the living room .
tr	O	Sure , she had kept it from me , but that was her right .
tr	I	She crossed her fingers and the fortune teller 's predictions flashed into her mind .
tr	O	She 'd gotten what she wanted , and now it was time to leave .
tr	I	I let myself in and fortunately the knob was unlocked .
tr	I	He looked at us and tears dropped from his eyes .
tr	I	That 's why you were bandaged up and you had a contusion on your head .
tr	I	Through the chain she began to siphon his power , letting it flow into her , and she took another breath .
tr	O	She had been commissioned in another sector of the universe for eons , and her only task was to protect whatever innocent was placed before her .
tr	O	I feel like I had left my family behind , but they waited for me to come back to them .
tr	I	He flung the gun upwards at me , his arm trembling and Trey 's mouth parted in a snarl .
tr	O	I hadn 't heard her coming , but I 'd known she was there .
tr	I	It was made worse by her leaving my arm there even longer than before , and the shock of it caught me off guard .
tr	I	This is it , and I 've been teaching you to restrain your emotions all your life for a reason .
tr	I	Concern creased his brow and Caroline absently glanced up .
tr	I	She clapped her hands , and a huge smile spread across Julia 's face .
tr	O	The winger touched the ball too far in front of him and Jerry lunged with his left leg for the free ball .
tr	I	Then both were strangled , and another cry joined the first .
tr	O	With any luck they 'd find the information they needed at The Erotic Passage and she 'd be one step closer to Josh .
tr	O	We hadn 't told the news crews to spill their guts to him so he was getting the runaround , but he knew it was coming .
tr	I	I think that it 's going to be really hard for us to keep in touch and your life is really going to change .
tr	O	I didn 't say anything , but I smiled weakly .
tr	I	He appeared to be about nine years old and when she pulled her hand back out to the street , there was a young boy attached .
tr	O	I couldn 't finish my words but he knew what I was going to say .
tr	O	He seemed distracted and I asked why .
tr	O	He honestly didn 't know , but it was a chance he was willing to take .
tr	I	Everything fades except for brightness and I feel that hand lift me up as things around me dissipate .
tr	O	Defying my father breaks the laws of men , but I could not obey a man who violated the greater Law of the Master .
tr	I	It didn 't erase that dark intensity in his eyes , but he smiled back .
tr	I	He didn 't seek to restrain her , but he glared up at her from the ground .
tr	O	Evelyn was always very respectful of his wishes , but today she ignored his plea for silence .
tr	O	The chef left them to the meal , and they sat in silence , simply enjoying the food .
tr	I	Nothing had happened yet , but I wanted to scream .
tr	I	Then he pulled back , but his lips brushed against mine .
tr	O	All of them took showers when there was no real need , and most of them found they enjoyed it .
tr	O	Frowning , she waited for Dare to react , but he merely continued on his way to the bottom floor .
tr	I	He has my hair and he 's so beautiful .
tr	O	The sun was strong , but the heat from the ground was stronger still , comforting .
tr	I	It was hard to let go of that fear , but deep down , Anna knew she really didn 't need to worry .
tr	I	My ears ring , and my nose smacks the seat in front of me , so hard that stars dazzle against my eyes .
tr	O	The deal was made and no matter how powerful my magic was , it was useless against Hades .
tr	I	It wasn 't a recent epiphany , and he 'd said a few times now that he loved me .
tr	O	I would have liked to put the rottweiler out of its misery but I didn 't want to risk a second bullet on the animal .
tr	O	There were so many things I needed to say , but I had no idea how to get them out .
tr	I	Neither of them spoke , but Micah caught her husband 's gaze over Elliott .
tr	I	A wave of cold blue light ran through her , making the corpse shutter , and Ryker touched two fingers to her forehead .
tr	O	I checked in that night and she still wasn 't there .
tr	O	He was greeted with round after round of applause , and the spirit of the assembly rose high .
tr	I	He was nowhere to be seen but Cassie looked past him for Devon .
tr	I	His feet scuffed across the tile floor and his shoulders slumped forward .
tr	I	It falls to the floorboard and I fumble with the phone .
tr	O	The dams broke and tears began pouring out .
tr	I	I have this strong sense , but I don 't know how .
tr	I	The body slowly retreated into the truck bed , and we pushed as hard as we could .
tr	O	He had always hated heights , but they didn 't have many options right now .
tr	I	My mouth dropped open , and Light from the lamp reflected off a small silver disk that dangled from a chain .
tr	I	I saw it , but Keith kept his tone steady .
tr	O	I 'm equally glad that it 's still summer vacation and I don 't have to find ways to dodge going to school for the same reason .
tr	O	He tilted his head toward me , and I jerked back .
tr	I	Ron 's eyes lit in fear , and I shouted .
tr	I	I leaned past Nathaniel to give Jason a quick kiss , and it made us all smile .
tr	I	Her phone rang again , but she started into the story .
tr	I	He couldn 't see her , but now she could see him .
tr	O	Guilt stabbed at me , but in the end , the choice had always been clear .
tr	O	Tim wasn 't her boyfriend , of course , but Anne Marie had begun to enjoy his company .
tr	O	I have no desire to tell Jetta the truth , but it might be the only way to save her .
tr	O	The trees on the side of the road are a blur , and the sky is one big streak of stars .
tr	I	Both stalls are occupied , and the door is open .
tr	O	There were books , but they were stacked in vertical rows around three of the four walls .
tr	I	I 'm damn glad I put it there , and I brush the hair from her face , exposing the rosy glow on her cheeks .
tr	I	I can 't quite see him , but he has his arm around her .
tr	I	A bitter sensation gripped my stomach , and Cold shivers ran down my spine .
tr	I	I felt it in my gut , but I had to be sure before I said anything .
tr	O	You did that when you started Parties and it 's never failed you yet .
tr	I	Picking on her was a bore and Tabby was a bore .
tr	O	She didn 't really like him , and she didn 't really trust him .
tr	O	The white light was replaced by a warmer yellow light , but it was never dark .
tr	I	Allan stared at him blankly , and the doctor asked .
tr	O	His motorcycle broke down and he got bitten .
tr	I	They do not appreciate what a miracle it is , yet all around the world people are finding out they are having babies .
tr	O	She did and he finally arrived .
tr	I	The singing slowly died , and the men turned their attention to Arin when he entered the room .
tr	O	He 'd spent his entire life planning how to get out of here , devising ways to build a fortune , and he 'd succeeded .
tr	O	It was impossible to reside there , because there was no water source , and it couldn 't be used for farming for the same reason .
tr	O	Lambert landed a gut punch with his uninjured fist and Jacob welcomed the reverberating pain that narrowed his focus .
tr	O	We hadn 't really talked about it since , but I knew we needed to .
tr	I	The Cleary mansion came into view , illuminated by warm yellow lights , and then she rounded a corner .
tr	I	That wasn 't going to help matters and he 'd likely zap me halfway up .
tr	I	I was gone , and her heart thumped .
tr	I	He nervously looked at her face and prometheus stood a little taller than she .
tr	O	It let out a hissing scream , and black blood splattered out from the wound .
tr	O	You are born with it and you have to develop it .
tr	O	It will come very close to the planet , but it 's not on a collision course .
tr	I	I hesitate , but I notice the opening for a question I 've had .
tr	I	I quickly laid them down to soak up some of the blood to give us time and she returned with them .
tr	I	The words were stuck in his mouth , but Pigeon wanted to make a similar offer .
tr	I	Her hand remained limp in his but she did not return the pressure .
tr	I	Dry leaves rip off as I land in the park , and I slide down a loose branch like a kid surfer .
tr	O	She had been cremated and her ashes scattered in the mountains behind their home .
tr	O	He held his breath when she stirred , but then she rolled to her other side .
tr	I	He looked at Zane with wide eyes , and Ty 's chin jerked to the side .
tr	O	I glance back at Eddie and she just shrugs her shoulders .
tr	I	His lips brushed against her cheek , and his warmth came against her side .
tr	I	He didn 't , but Fraggle frowned , looking like he wanted to say more .
tr	I	The humming faded and slowly her clenched muscles relaxed .
tr	O	He threw open the Porsche 's door and an instant later , he was inside .
tr	O	Splendid new cloths draped the altar , and a thousand new wax candles burned in silver candelabra .
tr	I	His mouth is right there , and I 'm so hot , so turned on .
tr	I	I like the idea of Jesus caring for the success of a wedding , and I like the idea of Jesus obeying his mother Mary .
tr	O	She walked into the restaurant , and as she neared the private back room , butterflies let loose in her stomach .
tr	I	Todd stared at her strangely , and the sun hadn 't risen .
tr	O	Fortunately , that didn 't seem to make her blame Jane , but she was still brokenhearted .
tr	I	He was lost once again , and she smiled up at him .
tr	O	He was either too lazy to track me to the library or he couldn 't find me there .
tr	O	They lay on the floor , and he stood before her , beautifully naked .
tr	O	He had a white tank top on underneath , but she was satisfied with shyly running her fingers over his forearms .
tr	I	Now all the hard shit is coming and I had to put him down .
tr	I	Today there 's nothing , but usually the maid leaves some frozen food for me .
tr	O	He 's always been a night owl , and it 's only gotten worse since we moved to Chicago .
tr	O	How close are they Lizzie thought , but she didn 't dare turn around .
tr	I	I can 't say a word and there is blood all over me .
tr	O	Soon it was standing room only and some of the people who had just arrived yelled over the crowd to partake .
tr	I	He swallowed hard and his mouth thinned .
tr	I	The weapon fired , and then the nurse screamed .
tr	I	It made her sick to her stomach , and she saw her half leg for the first time .
tr	O	Benedict tightened his grip on my arms , making me cry out , and then he threw me to the floor .
tr	O	I couldn 't fight him like this , but I could fight him another way .
tr	O	You are weighing my offer and I am waiting for your answer with hushed endurance .
tr	O	I 'm still warm , but my senses are returning .
tr	I	They would provide some warmth through the walls in the early morning , but the ovens hadn 't yet been stoked for the night 's baking .
tr	O	His tongue rolled out and his tail wagged .
tr	O	Salvatore was initially shocked at her actions , but it had been sometime since he had been in such a situation with a woman .
tr	O	For them to leave the colony would not only put their own safety at risk , but it would put the countryside at risk as well .
tr	I	NASA discovered meteorites all the time , but meteorites were admittedly one of the rarest rocks on earth .
tr	I	She would be willing - not held at gunpoint and when we finally connected , we would be alone .
tr	I	Then she blushed when she admitted she liked to sing , and I teased her when she revealed she loved Harry Potter .
tr	I	That 's just not right , and couldn 't be bothered to care about anything .
tr	O	My blood pressure spiked and my palms went sweaty .
tr	O	Their Glory may be vastly greater than the glory of a resurrected man , but they 're the Hierarchy 's dust .
tr	O	This place felt uncomfortable , like creatures watched me from beyond and I was grateful to leave .
tr	I	I bit my tongue trying not to laugh , and her voice was nothing short of aghast .
tr	O	She nodded , and I selected a bag of chamomile , adding a smidgen of honey to my cup along with the hot water .
tr	I	There was the constant sound of activity resonating through the interior and the boy led us in .
tr	I	Nick still looked ready to blow a fuse , and there were too many people around .
tr	O	She 'd thrown her best at Connor over the years and he 'd thrown it right back at her .
tr	I	I missed his friendship but I was in love with Michael .
tr	I	It really works and that 's what he does to raise funds for his charities .
tr	O	Linc wasn 't an impulsive man , but in the past couple of months he 'd made two drastic changes to his life .
tr	I	Mark was right , but Chad wanted to argue .
tr	I	We can revisit the subject later and just keep things calm for now .
tr	I	A bare bulb flickered to dim life overhead , and a motor roared to life in the distance .
tr	O	He tried to swallow , but his mouth was dry .
tr	I	I liked it , and my insides trembled because I knew he wasn 't talking about the water .
tr	I	She freaked out , Sasha Goethe sobbed , standing near her overturned desk and somebody put a tack on her chair .
tr	I	Kelly could have kissed the boat when he finally saw it , and it was a long walk down the docks to the Fiddler 's Green .
tr	I	She nodded her head in encouragement , and I glanced at Granny .
tr	I	It had apparently been enough time for Evy to lose interest , but he had been gone all of thirty seconds , if that .
tr	I	I didn 't want him to see how much this hurt , but I was probably overdoing it with the antagonism .
tr	I	His gaze was locked with Ryland 's , but Sam 's fingers tightened on her arm .
tr	O	Enrico had nothing to do with me , but I liked him .
tr	O	The day had always so clearly belonged to his mother , and it often seemed there was no room for anyone else .
tr	I	I catch her just in time but Danica almost falls off the dragon .
tr	I	Mike started to feel faint , and Blood was beginning to cover the ground as a result .
tr	I	I know you 're trying to help , and I 'm making a mess of things .
tr	O	In fact , they had voted on Monday , but no one had been able to reach her .
tr	I	I stared at each other in astonishment and the message replayed as Michelle .
tr	O	He held onto something and he hid it deep in his heart .
tr	O	He had never been late for an assignment , and he didn 't plan on starting now .
tr	I	Changed backstage into the historical costume worn for the next few numbers , and he completed the solo , to many screams of delight from the fans .
tr	O	As I 've told you , we have researched half a dozen cases , and they are all remarkably similar .
tr	I	He twisted around as though looking for her , but Stacy could , no doubt , hear her , too .
tr	I	I understood their meaning , and Hobbs 's words whispered in the back of my head .
tr	O	Something big was going down , and he had a bad feeling .
tr	I	I was quickly running out of them , but I came up with every excuse in the book .
tr	I	She quickly turned down the volume , and Hanna 's cell phone beeped .
tr	O	His arm was still around me , and I didn 't want to move .
tr	O	You could be any one , and everybody around here knows me .
tr	I	Dante rolled his eyes and Tammy 's jaw dropped .
tr	O	There 's a man in Washington D.C. that wants us to bring the Lord there , and we 're going to go .
tr	I	The driver was not fazed at all , but his voice roared throughout the Rolls Royce .
tr	I	The lieutenant followed suit and he came to attention .
tr	O	I could still hear him but he 'd started to fade .
tr	I	I thought his painting was one of the best , and he actually appeared to have some artistic talent .
tr	O	I nodded to her , and she nodded in return .
tr	I	His steps were hesitant , weary , but Lloyd had started to move .
tr	O	I wasn 't ready for her to leave yet , and I didn 't feel like being alone .
tr	O	Wyatt was going to deny , deny , deny , but he couldn 't let him .
tr	I	He didn 't want to watch it anymore and he was powerless to stop what was happening .
tr	O	I will close the door behind me , but you really should get a litter box .
tr	I	The protein portion of the meal is brought to you , but it 's like a buffet .
tr	I	There were a bunch of wrapped newspapers on the lawn , a sure sign that the family was on vacation , and the windows were dark .
tr	I	Cy hangs his head and Crewe covers his face .
tr	I	He nodded once in greeting , and Henry turned us around so we faced the council .
tr	O	A moment later Father reaches the top of the ladder , and then only Noah is missing .
tr	I	I quickly set it back down and the stench burned my nose .
tr	I	He knew it had been real , but the reality of the previous night 's news came back slowly , almost like recalling a dream .
tr	I	At least she hadn 't fainted , but Eloise 's face went pale .
tr	I	Ever since we met you 're all I think about , but I can 't explain it .
tr	I	That was ancient magic , and this was creation magic .
tr	I	Our friends were really his friends , and Lance was out of the question .
tr	I	It is Maxwell who talks but I expect Gregory to explain .
tr	O	I swear that the rocks themselves are made of ice , and the snow is deep enough in places that we have to dig our way through .
tr	O	Raven felt bad about what he was going to say next , but he couldn 't let James keep pretending they weren 't dead .
tr	I	The people around her were talking to each other with concern , and the cabin was dark .
tr	I	For us right now , this just might turn out to be a good thing and Don was back in the world in his mind .
tr	O	She left unsaid the implication that Helga was not welcome tonight , but she knew that Helga had recognized it , all the same .
tr	I	It wasn 't very comfy , and my butt was hanging half off the chair .
tr	I	She couldn 't move , at war with her own nature , yet she stood trembling , desperate to get away .
tr	I	He picked up speed , and Anticipation flooded him .
tr	O	Della turned to walk away , and Kylie caught her elbow this time .
tr	O	He rocked his neck to one side and then back , rolled his shoulders .
tr	I	These followers of Jesus had found it , and surely there was something beyond this life !
tr	I	Most of those people were dead , and no one beyond courtesans in St. Petersburg knew their faces .
tr	O	She couldn 't see if it had any eyes , but the gaping maw under its belly dripped with anticipation .
tr	O	She still felt responsible for pushing Beth into her grandmother 's clutches and she 'd do whatever she had to in order to make up for that .
tr	O	Bash headed for the side of the pool followed by Jake , and the two began jumping off the diving board .
tr	O	I couldn 't make him fight , but I would find a reason for him not to fade .
tr	I	Unable to hold them back but Liza bit the inside of her cheek , knowing she should have kept the words inside .
tr	O	He supposed he should have talked to her a long time ago about his plans , but he 'd had his reasons not to .
tr	O	The door opened and Riki slithered in .
tr	O	He appeared slightly flustered and he averted his gaze .
tr	O	Jackson watched me as he flicked the swollen center of my arousal with his tongue and I couldn 't contain my cry .
tr	O	It 's gon na distract you and it 's gon na give you a picture of something that isn 't really true .
tr	I	Cameron put a finger to his lips , but Laura gasped .
tr	I	I can save Ms. Beck ... or I can either teach you how to eradicate the horror unleashed from your lab .
tr	I	Her power sizzled around them , and she dropped her personal borders .
tr	O	I got to work , and Ralston caught me in the middle of morning turnouts .
tr	O	He tried to sing more clearly , hoping Adelaide would join in , but she didn 't .
tr	I	Dale squinted at us like he thought we were crazier than him , and chance had been mundane for all the time she 'd known him .
tr	I	He secretly wanted him to do it , to kiss him but he should be kicking Nick out of the room .
tr	I	I played it off but he shot me a look that ran a chill down my back .
tr	I	He was her unwavering supporter , and she was his biggest cheerleader .
tr	I	Now she felt stupid and Tammy 's face fell .
tr	I	He threw a kick at the Captain 's head , and a pained , angry shout came from the attacker .
tr	I	I just couldn 't help myself , but I really didn 't mean to eavesdrop .
tr	I	She was Morgan 's mother , nonetheless - but Aria was far from a perfect mother .
tr	I	No invisible entity had popped along to offer assistance , and certainly I 'd been in deadly situations since then .
tr	I	Since she became too awkward around me , they ate by themselves but we used to eat together with SB 's friends .
tr	O	I dropped the cloth suddenly , splashing myself , and foreboding took me faster than the set of the sun .
tr	O	Jack 's forehead wrinkled , and his dark eyebrows bunched .
tr	I	I couldn 't lift it high enough to wipe my nose , but I hitched my shoulder .
tr	O	She was looking at him like she did not want him anymore , and now more than anything , Damen knew that it could be permanent .
tr	I	They were too far apart , but they reached for each other .
tr	O	She slipped into her room , and he heard her rummaging around .
tr	I	I was shocked to see people attired in similar clothing , but no one payed me any mind .
tr	O	I 'm not sure what good I 'll be on deck , but I feel like I should probably get up there .
tr	I	The only time I 'm not completely broken is when I 'm around her , but she thinks I 'm going to break apart .
tr	O	He didn 't see any lakes , but he didn 't pay attention where he was running .
tr	I	She took a deep breath and he waltzed out her door .
tr	I	The words were hard to recall , but I could see Willow 's face .
tr	I	She had no time to move , but Janelle 's stomach lurched .
tr	I	It was in use , but she spotted it in the corner .
tr	O	I held his head , and it soon settled .
tr	O	Classmates walk by me , rushing to get to class , and I sense them looking at me .
tr	I	She hated them instantly and she wondered if Rashid had already sampled their beautiful bodies .
tr	O	They 'd gone to London for a romantic weekend and John had found a car showroom full of Porsches .
tr	O	They were still below it , but the tracks were still rising .
tr	O	The Assassins had the advantage of being already mounted , and few of the Borgia faction could get to their own horses before they were cut down .
tr	O	He engaged Bex again , but this time Isaac got the upper hand .
tr	O	It was like an alarm , and instantly she pulled away .
tr	I	Right now , Myka was her main concern , but the image of those hundreds of hybrids would haunt her forever .
tr	I	Not for the reasons she was saying , but of course she did .
tr	I	He tried to roll over , and her brother groaned slightly .
tr	I	Thunder rumbled , adding to the sense of eeriness , and the sky had darkened to a leaden hue .
tr	I	She shuddered and the image of the man who had attacked her came back into her mind .
tr	I	As they did , a roaring magical wind slammed into her too , and the bricks fell against the creature .
tr	I	She 's hot and she has a thing for you .
tr	O	Chloe called my mother on the way to Vegas , and my mother immediately began freaking out .
tr	I	He paled and shock crossed Malcolm 's face .
tr	O	She did sneak into my room every single night , but we never acknowledged her visits .
tr	I	He 'd tossed it away without even looking at it -- but Molly was handed a psychologist referral to give to Uncle Devlin .
tr	I	I wrack my brain and he steps into the room .
tr	O	Brand 's eyes cloud again , but he doesn 't say anything .
tr	O	She knew she didn 't want anything to eat , but she didn 't want to get up to put her plate aside either .
tr	O	I wondered whether Nance had gotten away , and if so , where she had gone over the side .
tr	I	For a moment his eyes shone with warmth , and he gave her a weary grin .
tr	I	I show my cards way quicker than I normally would and somehow I feel myself believing that he can help me .
tr	I	The company was buying me a whole new designer wardrobe , and I was leaving for Dubai in two days , for a month on business .
tr	I	We 'll figure it out , and we 're going to help you through this .
tr	O	The next stop was ours , but we never made it .
tr	I	She forced herself back to the present and all three turned their attention to her .
tr	I	I looked up , wincing at the bright ass overhead light and the pressure at the back of my head disappeared .
tr	I	I walked quickly to Stefan 's side and Curiosity had gotten the better of me .
tr	O	He 'd shaved his head , but a short , carefully shaped beard hugged his jaw .
tr	O	I 've had the most beautiful sleep of my life and I 'm feeling deliciously drowsy .
tr	O	The man in the locker couldn 't see you and my brother , Frankie , the one who was just here , couldn 't see you either .
tr	O	I think it 's mostly coming at us from one side ... and I think it 's coming at me , really .
tr	I	I shivered as he shouted my name , and Warmth coated my stomach .
tr	I	The place seemed depressed and the ones he saw were empty of any water , this part of Sri Lanka experiencing a long drought .
tr	O	The slap spun her around and she felt the cool grass press on her burning cheek as she struck the ground .
tr	O	The window was open and her cellphone was gone .
tr	I	Then hurried ahead of him , directing him to follow her up the stairs and Robina urged him inside .
tr	I	His eyes found mine and his head came up .
tr	O	Hanging below the cabinet near the oven were glasses , and Paul moved toward them .
tr	I	She knew it and it was sarcastic .
tr	O	As she reached the doors to the castle , the duke grinned at her , and her dreams shattered .
tr	O	His long unruly hair is tidied up somewhat , and he has put on a white dinner jacket over a clean shirt .
tr	I	Maybe he 's right , and I think about what he 's implying .
tr	O	We 're getting along great and I 'm loving it down here .
tr	O	She was thankful she had only a short phrase to type , but even so , she made enough mistakes to slow her down .
tr	I	His eyes finally open to meet mine , and he inhales sharply .
tr	I	They were like two brick walls but I tried to fight against them .
tr	O	One moment , the night was quiet , and the next the wind threatened to rip the pavilion from the ground .
tr	I	Their wild hair spilled out the edges of their hoods , and their cloaks were a variety of dark shades .
tr	O	Story time had always been theirs alone and she didn 't want to share it .
tr	I	The tiredness on her face showed the hardships that she had to go on a daily basis , but she was a sweet little kid .
tr	I	Scanning the collapse , I hadn 't seen him , but I knew he was probably dead , too .
tr	O	The birds looked charming , but looks can be deceiving .
tr	I	He was glad that he was alone and Hanna had disappeared sometime before .
tr	I	For his parents this meant four other couples , not counting themselves , and his parents had said tonight 's dinner would be an intimate affair .
tr	I	Gretchen slowed to wait for her , and Nina , who thought shopping at the mall qualified as strenuous exercise , scrambled to keep up .
tr	I	They 'd formed some sort of guys ' club , and she was breaking apart on the inside .
tr	O	He was smiling , but I think he was smiling because he hadn 't thought of this before .
tr	O	His breathing sounded labored and I could feel his heart thumping against mine .
tr	I	Link plans to use it to his advantage , but the kid is taunting him with the music .
tr	O	Her voice trembles at the end and she takes a moment to pull herself together .
tr	O	Her face fell , and her body shook .
tr	O	There were only three and they were at the lowest points of my life .
tr	I	He didn 't care , his voice joining the chorus , but signs rattled dangerously close to Eli 's head .
tr	O	It registered and he nodded ever so slightly .
tr	O	He stepped back and she came in .
tr	I	I were to each other and that wasn 't what Fade .
tr	O	I was serene on the outside , but there was a hard pit of anger in my stomach .
tr	I	I didn 't get my wish of not pressing charges on Zack , and I didn 't get my wish of not going to the hospital .
tr	O	They can glamour themselves and their blood is potent .
tr	I	Only a small noise of surprise escaped , but the girl opened her mouth .
tr	I	She was always hungry for more , but he told her of the valley .
tr	I	Dennis snapped back to reality , and he kicked Dennis ' leg .
tr	O	I almost laughed , but I couldn 't .
tr	I	Once the gypsies had found her , she 'd traveled all over Europe and she remembered little of her journey from the ice cave .
tr	I	Her eyes sank to his chest and Dana couldn 't hold his gaze .
tr	I	I focused on the fight , pushing out any thoughts that might distract my best friend from the battle at hand , and he fought back .
tr	O	Jack holds my hand the entire way back to the barn , and when we see our dads , I expect him to drop it .
tr	O	I stopped , bracing myself , but he wasn 't coming for me .
tr	O	He had lost the sharp edge of youth , the inveterate recklessness , and something infinitely more radiant had replaced it .
tr	O	He hasn 't given it yet , but I think he will .
tr	O	Her body began rotating , and she lost some sense of which way she needed to turn the rod to slow her fall .
tr	O	Everyone moaned , and Jenny laughed .
tr	O	Auron lived in her heart and his presence was always there .
tr	I	Men died and everywhere I looked men fought .
tr	O	His voice sounded oddly husky as he said it , but she was too busy to notice .
tr	O	I didn 't really know where I was going , but wherever it was , I hoped I could find some answers .
tr	O	Her voice was small and she started to cry .
tr	O	It was close , and Paul was in no shape to fight .
tr	I	Apparently even gibbons can be housetrained should you start young enough , but it was amazing they did not immediately start urinating all over the carriage .
tr	I	He shook his head , and his brows pulled together .
tr	O	I opened my mouth , but no sound came out .
tr	I	All I really saw was him but I had impressions of square silhouettes in the murk .
tr	O	I didn 't think that I could have done anything to alter history this time ; but I must have .
tr	O	He was struggling with the exercise , another round of parrying Byron 's attacks with the heavy practice sword , but he was trying .
tr	I	We tumble to the ground and he throws himself at me .
tr	O	She kissed me again , and we fell onto her bed .
tr	I	The blow never came , but I raised my unhurt arm in weak defense as I waited for my unseen attacker to deal their next blow .
tr	I	We did like the privacy , but of course the building was much larger than a little group like Real Murders needed .
tr	I	Soon they were given over into the hands of panic and a spirit of rumor overcame the army .
tr	I	I didn 't have to enjoy it , but playing the happy one was my job .
tr	O	She gestured in that direction and they moved ahead of her .
tr	I	There was something about her reaction that seemed strange , but Audrey 's eyes filled with tears again .
tr	I	Flung my head away with inhuman strength and he shuddered .
tr	O	It hurt so bad I cried out and tears came before I could stop them .
tr	O	I am not normally superstitious , but I can 't explain that .
tr	I	He deftly rolled away to avoid it and a pair of eyes leaped at him .
tr	O	I 'd seemingly hurt her and I didn 't understand why .
tr	I	So pale she hardly recognized him , and he was stripped to the waist .
tr	I	Her head falls back and Alexandra rolls her eyes .
tr	O	They all knew we were running out of time , and without more information , they were stumbling around blind .
tr	I	The ground quakes and he chants .
tr	O	His possessed hand got a grip on Mac 's gun , but a laser blast hit Tek squarely in the chest .
tr	O	He might not be exhibiting the same outward manifestation , but she shook him , too , to the core .
tr	O	The door opened and Worm walked in .
tr	I	She wondered if he had already forgotten about her , and her stomach growled .
tr	I	When he saw none , he moved so Jackie could go through first , and Iain checked for danger on the other side of the crack .
tr	I	A rush of air pummeled us and I pulled open the front door .
tr	O	I felt something snap , and it took me a moment to realize the hoarse shout of pain had come from me .
tr	O	Gideon studied my face , and then he broke out in a mischievous grin .
tr	I	I stood , and then he lowered me to my feet .
tr	I	Her legs were sore , and Rema 's back ached .
tr	O	I didn 't think she meant for any of us to hear , but I heard anyway .
tr	O	Which could be yes or it could be no .
tr	O	Even the City Ward came looking for him on more than one occasion , but I managed to keep Lawrence out of trouble .
tr	I	He still smiled , but Joe stopped laughing .
tr	I	My heart plummets and I don 't see him .
tr	O	They had stopped outside an office door , and Muller gave a quick two knocks before entering .
tr	O	Kevin cast a frustrated glance up , but no one had come in .
tr	I	He burst out laughing at her outrageous thoughts , and he was a shadow in her mind .
tr	I	Her mind imagined torment after torment as she rode , and they had seemed outnumbered when she had left .
tr	I	I wore one of those masks they advise for mothers to wear , and I aired it out while I was decorating .
tr	O	I stared at her and when her laughter waned , her eyes caught mine .
tr	I	His gaze meets mine , and he lifts his head .
tr	I	Her arms weren 't , but her voice was unsteady .
tr	O	The ceremony is over and we have both signed .
tr	I	Kiran didn 't get a chance to answer before Avalon spoke up and I noticed Talbott shake his head negatively .
tr	O	Dani took forever in the shower , but that was okay .
tr	I	The explanation for such a feeling was eluding me , but simply being in his presence made me feel secure .
tr	I	She didn 't think she could stand the pain that would fill her once she allowed herself to think , but Zoe knew she was rambling .
tr	O	One look at you and your father will realize what an asset you are .
tr	O	I 'm the man and you 're the woman .
tr	O	It was good to get out and it was good to be home .
tr	I	After that 's all handled , I 'll look at it , but I have a bunch of shit to take care of tomorrow .
tr	I	He could once again see the vulnerable woman who hid inside and he hoped it wouldn 't be long before the shell was removed .
tr	I	Their affection made his blood boil , but he enjoyed eavesdropping .
tr	I	He sounded normal , but she would have expected that his words would come out garbled because of the water .
tr	I	His foot brushed up against something , but Markman slowly took a stepped back .
tr	I	Within minutes we were out the door and Harry stuffed our things in our bags .
tr	O	He 'd already killed six people and it looked like Rebecca was next .
tr	I	We know this now to be untrue , but at one point it was believed that man could not fly .
tr	O	He couldn 't understand why the book had failed to help them this time , but he knew they must not end up like Liu Hang .
tr	I	He decided he had better break the kiss before things got out of hand and his lower body tightened predictably .
tr	O	My father could talk about his playing days , and my mother could serve him some fresh-baked cookies .
tr	I	Our mouth 's finding each other 's and she whispered , gripping onto my back .
tr	O	Valeria was thinking of clinching again , but Lea was prepared for that .
tr	O	She strained to open mine , too , but I reached it before her .
tr	O	To see how she was suffering gave him a great satisfaction , but it wasn 't the worst thing she was about to witness .
tr	O	The witch could fix my problem for me , and the world would continue to see us as a happy couple .
tr	I	She felt dizzy and her entire body tensed .
tr	O	There 's too much we don 't know and I can 't shake the feeling we 're being misled .
tr	O	It was too dark to see his features clearly but I was fairly certain it was nobody I knew .
tr	O	She stepped in to give Emma another hug , but Annie beat her to it , practically throwing herself at her younger sister .
tr	O	Her heartbeat was out of control , and her mouth had gone completely dry .
tr	O	It was as if she 'd challenged him and now he was out to prove her wrong .
tr	I	Eric vaulted up beside them , and once the girls clambered aboard , Reese held his food .
tr	O	The masked man spoke , but the boy didn 't understand .
tr	I	She realized she was in a room and her eyes focused .
tr	I	He comes right up for a kiss , salty warm and the wood drops onto the pool deck with a clatter .
tr	I	It seemed that neither one of them had moved on , but he wasn 't a romance expert by a long stretch .
tr	I	She looked him in the eyes , but her voice trembled .
tr	I	There were a dozen more moments , some fuzzy , some very clear And sometimes he flew , much of the time he was nak * d. .
tr	I	There 's a sinking in my gut , and I immediately remember my sister .
tr	O	He radiated charisma , and his eyes sparkled .
tr	I	Amy gave him a pretty heavy shot of sedatives and we got Ted settled again .
tr	I	Rachel didn 't have time to reply , but Nate whispered sarcastically .
tr	O	She tried to make herself push away from him , from being held , but her body refused to help .
tr	I	The neckline was perfect , making me feel covered up but the cut of my shirt showed my upper curves .
tr	O	Brian squints up as if he can see anything but the buildings glued to the side of the incline .
tr	I	He hadn 't driven her anywhere all day , but I quickly hunted down Jensen .
tr	O	She tried to extract herself from his arms without waking him but his arms around her may as well have been iron shackles .
tr	O	She didn 't know where he was going to take her , but she was going to look her best if it killed her .
tr	I	The remnants of her makeup looked hideous and her hair resembled a frizzy string mop .
tr	I	You were miscarrying the baby , and you were only eight weeks along .
tr	I	I 'd be caught , and all it would take was for Alex to feel the tiniest buzz .
tr	I	He didn 't react , and I kissed his neck .
tr	O	There was a pause as she listened to whoever was on the other end of the line , and then she made a strangled sound .
tr	I	I didn 't recognize the rest , but one of them was Owen 's .
tr	I	Fixing me was her favorite thing to do , but apparently , Heather had her own demons to tend to .
tr	I	He lifted her onto his lap , and his hands slid under her arms .
tr	I	Soon we go our separate ways , and I hug them all .
tr	O	Jacob 's stony expression softened slightly , but his jaw was still tight with anger .
tr	I	Life was starting to look much brighter and he was responding well to his new medication .
tr	I	I 'm impressed , and I 've never seen a super fight before .
tr	I	She wanted to keep him guessing but she hadn 't .
tr	I	I 'm not paying attention , but Ethan 's voice sounds panicked now , too .
tr	I	As he attempted to slide the card up his own sleeve it caught on his cuff and Loki nodded in approval at my sleight of hand .
tr	I	Sometimes rape is committed as a random act and many times familiar people commit rape .
tr	O	I nodded and he let go of my door .
tr	I	He did a good job from that point on and Jason 's unselfish act really seemed to help Brett .
tr	O	Wolfe thought such threats were distasteful , but in war , they were useful .
tr	O	Now his chest labored to draw breath , and his muscles began to ache at the continued exertion .
tr	I	Her power was at the ready and Adrenaline was flooding her body .
tr	I	I hugs her again and tears burn my eyes .
tr	O	Adam grabbed my waving hand , and we did the secret handshake .
tr	O	The spotlights shifted and the island acropolis returned .
tr	O	His breath reeked of alcohol , and it seeped from his pores .
tr	I	Every robot on the team was enthusiastic about the job , and the robot team was working without any direct human supervision .
tr	O	Elise blinked at Gideon and he frowned at her .
tr	I	Main Street was crowded , but he didn 't see her car .
tr	O	The car rolled along , and I thought to myself that it must have extremely good shocks because it felt like we were gliding .
tr	O	Wi ' a diddy aye o ' an ' a fal an ' doe And a diddy aye o ' aye ay .
tr	I	Nothing good waited at the end , and the conversation was dangerous .
tr	I	When he suckled her she actually shrieked and she held his head to her tightly .
tr	O	She slept with Dad , and they started a relationship .
tr	I	Dylan didn 't mind , but she smiled her triumph .
tr	I	No one knew what the ultimate outcome of their use would be and the retention chambers were a new technology at the time .
tr	O	He 'd been fired soon after for colluding with the poachers , but his dismissal couldn 't bring the dead animals back to life .
tr	O	The kids were quiet , forlorn , and Joseph was not in a position to console them .
tr	O	The door slams and I sink to my knees in agony .
tr	I	You won 't get in neither , even with that fancy shirt , and ain 't our kind .
tr	I	It was a fact , but that made no sense .
tr	I	It had always been the princess that claimed his , yet she had loved him with all her heart .
tr	O	It was as though the elements had spirits , as though the inanimate world could speak , and when it spoke , it roared .
tr	O	Claire 's eyes met his for a moment , and then she pul ed away .
tr	I	As I fell forwards , unable to stop , the same arm caught me and we reached the bottom .
tr	O	I started to tell him that I didn 't need his help , but then I had an idea .
tr	I	I needed to see him immediately , and a huge weight was lifted off my chest with his words .
tr	O	My breath came quicker , and my heart sped up .
tr	I	A necklace studded with sapphires graced her slender neck , and a net of pearls capped the top of her head .
tr	O	He nodded agreeably , rising from his chair , and she quickly collected Luther , who was still asleep .
tr	I	I don 't really know her , but I 've seen her around town .
tr	I	He tensed and I threw my hands around him .
tr	O	The doors to the car slid open and people started spilling out .
tr	I	I had to fight the emotion to answer him in a voice he could understand and he asked simply .
tr	O	Dawson rarely spoke about his time with Daedalus , and when he did , he usually told Kat .
tr	I	Jacqueline suggested a sit-down place inside the mall , but she would 've been happy with a hamburger .
tr	I	Zella typed in the password on the keypad , and the hall lights flickered on as we approached .
tr	I	He snatched the phone from my hands , but I refused to hand it to him .
tr	I	I was still failing miserably , and it took every effort I had to remain calm .
tr	O	I thought her eyes were starting to water , but I couldn 't really be sure in the swirling light patterns that flashed along our bodies .
tr	I	The reward would be worth all the sacrifices , but the last few years had been bleak financially .
tr	I	I could feel myself gradually waking up and Andrew Weaver Chapter One Present Day I became aware that it had suddenly got much brighter .
tr	O	To hide the pain , Catherine knew , and a frisson of fear cooled her veins .
tr	I	Stalker was closer , but I didn 't care for it either .
tr	I	Each morphed into several human shapes , and the seven colors separated from the rainbow , straightened .
tr	I	That one there , and Devon watched him from the shadows of the early night as Robert moved about ordering this servant here .
tr	I	They were yelling at each other and Alisa started arguing .
tr	I	People on the street turned to stare , and he spoke too loudly .
tr	O	I 'm not entirely sure why , but I decided to talk to her .
tr	I	I stumble , trying to keep my balance , and the kick of the rifle knocks me backward .
tr	I	I have a history and he must know Adam .
tr	O	Matthew nods , and I continue .
tr	O	Maybe slower than someone else , but I 'm not weak .
tr	O	We have a plan , and with your help , we can do this .
tr	O	Thanksgiving was fast approaching and we were leaving for the Hamptons the Wednesday before .
tr	O	Quin sensed she was steaming inside , wanting to lash out at him , and he exulted in having stirred so much volatile emotion .
tr	I	A stretch I 'm willing to investigate further , but it 's a stretch .
tr	I	Her soft pink lips gently parted , and her eyes are bright , her cheeks red .
tr	I	His pants looked like they were just a bit too short and his shirt was opened , showing a mass of black hair .
tr	I	You never talk with a full mouth and my mouth will be full .
tr	I	Max 's plate of white cream sauce went tumbling ... into his lap , and I grabbed for my phone , the chair collided with the waiter .
tr	O	The boys began looking at their feet , as wounded children will do , and Mr. Scanlon appeared to be heartbroken .
tr	I	You trip yourself up and Intelligence is like legs - too many .
tr	O	William turned toward Savannah , and Geoffrey attacked .
tr	I	That fueled my desire , and Jackson was grunting like an animal behind me .
tr	O	Sam would 've avoided him , but Vale had sought him out as soon as he 'd entered the sitting room .
tr	O	It was hard for me to understand how anyone could love waking up at 5 am to bake but he did .
tr	O	Any other dog might have limped away , but without use of either of his front legs , he hadn 't been able to move .
tr	I	They motored to shore and Howie followed along with Celeste .
tr	I	Then it was a pride that transcended the emptiness of gestures , but Magnus was so proud .
tr	I	I guess he was used to it and his dad had been like that too .
tr	I	I know how much she 's missed you , and she hasn 't seen you in a while .
tr	O	Step over the line , and you 're considered an escapee .
tr	I	All I could think about was the loud gunshot we 'd heard , but I tried to keep up with him as best as I could .
tr	O	His scent was close , but she couldn 't quite ... Gotcha !
tr	O	Use your mom 's Miss Alabama sash to make a slingshot once , and you 're labeled a troublemaker for life .
tr	I	Her smile never faltered but Becca shook her head .
tr	I	Mother 's face dropped and I had snorted accidentally .
tr	I	If he truly believed you to be your mother , he would have attacked me immediately , but I wish it was not so .
tr	I	I leaned it against the wall , and I grabbed it , scraping the packed dirt floor .
tr	O	It was tantalisingly close , whatever it was , but time seemed to have slowed to a crawl .
tr	O	All Death had to do was think of a location and he could flash there in an instant .
tr	I	Ty was too still , but it would almost have been sweet under other circumstances .
tr	O	The Necromancer is intended to entertain ; but it is also an interactive eBook .
tr	I	Then I hang up the phone because I 'm a chickenshit , and I have dialed it a million times .
tr	I	We both took out our ' time passers ' as she called them and she started to play our list .
tr	I	I push him back on the blanket , and I 'm lost in the passion of the moment .
tr	O	The Commander didn 't reply for his missing leg was hurting him and everyone knew not to tax him further with information .
tr	I	I 'll give you our hotel info and if you can 't make it to the airport , just call us .
tr	I	The dark eyes were at last looking straight at her , but for a moment she was afraid she couldn 't speak .
tr	I	He would only get one chance to get past them , and he knew the police would barge in at any moment .
tr	O	In due course he returned , and the news was not good .
tr	O	Luc pressed some keys , and an elevation of a building appeared on-screen .
tr	O	I came here for answers , and Zander 's lies are chief on the list .
tr	I	All the DVDs fall to the floor and I knock his DVD stand over .
tr	I	Somebody else 's old trainers , but I could understand the clothes ?
tr	I	The result was never something that attractive and I 'd seen other girls cry before .
tr	I	I used my hand to get a clear look at myself and the steam fogged up the mirror .
tr	I	She felt the spring begin to tighten , and he did .
tr	O	It 's the farthest lodge from the Manor , but anyone here can tell you where that is .
tr	O	What once mattered may not be a priority anymore , and that 's not always easy for others to accept .
tr	O	He 'll be weak for a few days , but I don 't see how we can give Sam any less .
tr	O	He handed the tent pack to Cathy and slung the heaviest backpack over his own shoulders .
tr	I	It 's almost worse and Adam doesn 't complain .
tr	O	He just got started and I was already bored .
tr	I	No one was supposed to see it before hand and Elizabeth was planning a gala unveiling for December eleventh .
tr	O	He 's down on his luck and I did him a little favor .
tr	I	It looked ancient and it was glass .
tr	I	It 's what I am good at but I know I complain about this job .
tr	O	Just do your thing and you 'll be fine .
tr	O	There was proof of a military buildup in Idris and the highlanders had been particularly stingy with the northern passes lately .
tr	I	Heart was still hammering in my chest , but I had no idea what had just happened to me .
tr	O	He breathed a sigh of relief when Bax ceased drawing him back and Matthew was able to reach the corner of the daguerreotype jutting from the ashes .
tr	I	We were quiet until it disappeared around the block , and a motorcycle raced down the dark street .
tr	I	The warning signs from the Treasure Valley were announcing themselves , but they were still a couple of days march from Emmett .
tr	I	Leslie 's problems could distract me from my own and sighing , I turned to my laptop , hoping Everton .
tr	O	The old clock on the table next to my bed didn 't seem to be working anymore , but everything else looked about the same .
tr	I	When he finally dropped his hands , it was gone , but a smile peeked through every few seconds .
tr	I	He stayed sleeping , content with his full belly , but his arms stretched out momentarily as I raised him in my arms .
tr	O	I 'm already receiving flak from the Americans and the UN about so called human rights issues .
tr	O	We had made small talk , up until now , but it was time to get down to business .
tr	O	Jonah looked at me curiously , and I found I couldn 't make eye contact .
tr	O	Brian was always good at avoiding traps like these , but unfortunately today his mind was in a better world far , far away .
tr	O	The hard little pellets hurt her skin , but she 'd been glad for the cold , for the sting .
tr	I	He nodded , and I said .
tr	I	The opposite happens of course , but I wander for a while , trying to empty my head of thoughts .
tr	O	I can 't make rent and I can 't afford a ticket back to Tennessee .
tr	O	Her body was lifeless and she wasn 't coming back .
tr	I	The length varies from 1 inch to 3 inches and the lacerations are all approximately 1mm in width .
tr	I	She managed to squash it in time , but a gleeful cackle rose in her chest .
tr	O	She 'd sent a few new cases Nash 's way , but the bulk of the burden had been on her shoulders .
tr	O	Then the DJ pointed the speakers at the open gym doors , and we all danced the last songs of the night outside , under the stars .
tr	I	He couldn 't hide his grin , but Paul held up his hands in surrender .
tr	I	We 'd continue to do so , and we 'd been handling Ryan 's problems on our own .
tr	O	I fell back again in my haste , and we both froze as we heard footsteps running toward us .
tr	O	She couldn 't hear the sound , but she was trying to hear it .
tr	I	It was still tacky , and the light switch had been smeared with blood .
tr	I	I knew he knew he fucked up bad and I looked at him dead in the eyes .
tr	O	NASA 's pretty uncomfortable with it , but we don 't have any other options .
tr	I	I knew what he was doing , and his gaze flickered around me .
tr	O	She looked in his direction one last time and he looked at her .
tr	I	That was enough to double him over , but all she managed was a vicious pinch .
tr	O	She 'd been attacked before , years ago , but the situation had been different back then .
tr	O	A fierce growl escaped his throat , and his eyes glowed hotly , red flames leaping in their depths .
tr	I	The possibilities were immediately evident , but Room 410 looked like a disaster .
tr	I	My arms hung limply at my sides and a deep calm suddenly settled over me .
tr	O	Dan started to shake and he couldn 't stop .
tr	I	She hadn 't done anything to avoid it and she had known that this storm was coming .
tr	I	He had a similar expression on his face as well , but she glanced up at Royston , trying to figure out what was going on .
tr	O	He 'd known it , of course , but somehow hearing her say it made it sound ten times more impressive .
tr	I	The Devil can change some things to suit his fancy , but the Devil cannot perform miracles the way God can perform them .
tr	O	He was waving it toward the ground , lighting things on fire , and then he would wave it in the air .
tr	O	I walked over to her and she handed me a tube of Coppertone .
tr	O	She reaches for him , but he moves away closer to me , leaving her grabbing at air .
tr	O	They were bright , but I could read them better .
tr	I	The wind hit him from one side and he was alone at this hour of the day .
tr	I	His presence drew the eye , but Yves wore only black .
tr	O	She 'd never answer those questions now , but Ethan had his own truths to tell .
tr	I	Mookie 's knife was sharp , but I was awkward about it .
tr	I	None of them had touched it , but a large basket of Baked Tostitos sat on the coffee table .
tr	I	That was all right , the spell said , but some stuck to the bottom of the glass .
tr	I	She flinched involuntarily , and the mention of a child was like a right cross to the jaw after his punch to her solar plexus .
tr	O	I smiled at her , and she whimpered .
tr	I	The water seemed to disappear right into the blue horizon and the pool had sweeping , endless views of the ocean .
tr	O	She 'd never felt such a physical attraction to a man , and then , as time went by , such an emotional attachment .
tr	I	His laughter was infectious , and he broke down laughing .
tr	O	Zane wasn 't sure what he thought of that , and it was definitely odd to see Ty like this .
tr	O	I was never into it very much , and I 'm sorry about that .
tr	I	She held her arms out to him , and she needed him .
tr	I	Chris laid in his bed thinking and everyone went to bed that night .
tr	O	The roar of another engine makes me turn around , and I see a beige Army truck gaining on us .
tr	I	She had no more than hit the ground when she saw Lucas attack , and he dropped her .
tr	I	His heart sank as another wall appeared , looming out of the blackness in front of him , but he willed himself forwards .
tr	I	I opened my eyes , and his power , thick over me , pulled me back .
tr	I	The look there told Grace she 'd already lost him , and then his eyes opened .
tr	I	I thought I could detect a faint smile at the corner of her lips but she furrowed her brow at first .
tr	I	All I did was stop them , but I could 've sent them back at the guards .
tr	I	He didn 't have a solution , either , but he didn 't disagree with me .
tr	I	She breathed out a long breath and the smile slipped .
tr	I	I signaled it to Jonah , and that was Michael 's location .
tr	I	I am completely sure that my savior just walked out of the prison , but I haven 't seen him since that night .
tr	O	It was weird , but it felt almost like a natural extension of my arm now .
tr	O	Katherine looked down at the ground , and a tear slid down her cheek .
tr	I	There was no escaping that and she owed him .
tr	I	He played his iPod throughout the night , and I had one who required little sleep .
tr	I	Then I passed into the darkness , and his eyes widened .
tr	I	Again , this time with a deep contentment , Sonia sighed and her gaze went to her little Christmas tree .
tr	O	I 'd turned on the TV to a football game to have something to watch while I brushed , but I kept the sound way down .
tr	O	Private school was expensive , but boarding school ?
tr	O	Our father had told her what had happened , but I could never bring myself to speak of it .
tr	O	She hadn 't had time to do more than meet Helen , but Paul said she was powerful .
tr	I	I had to swallow several times before I could speak , and the lump in my throat was unexpected .
tr	I	As Dee moved to scout farther ahead , Mara became more chatty , and they continued walking as Julia drank .
tr	I	It didn 't even faze him , but it had to hurt .
tr	O	The path itself was irregular and if the shadows did move to attack , he at least would be ready .
tr	I	As she brushed it across her cheek , she felt her soul leap with indescribable pleasure , and the most intriguing aroma filled her mind .
tr	O	An inmate may visit the library in his off-hours , and the rules are fairly flexible .
tr	O	The darkness of the hood disoriented me , and I wobbled .
tr	I	I start from the bottom of the cluster , working my way up and I visualize the stars above my bed .
tr	O	A conversation with Nestor had revealed the old man thinking the same thing , and for Odysseus that removed the last doubts .
tr	I	Those twin actions set off a long , long moan from Clay , and she gripped his shaft hard in her hand as she tasted him .
tr	O	I 'd never asked Emily for a professional favor before , and I hoped this wouldn 't change our friendship .
tr	O	Her palms itched , and she let one of her hands drift down to the pistol at her hip .
tr	I	As she looked at him , she sensed that he was waiting for her response , but shock had her feeling a little stunned .
tr	O	If it takes too much magic , your body gives out and it 's curtains .
tr	I	That was enough time for folks to realize that Bria was here , but it had only taken us about two minutes to get through security .
tr	I	He looked at her , confusion plain on his face and Rausch 's eyes flew open again .
tr	I	I know you 're there , but I can 't smell you !
tr	I	Nothing had been the same since and it was as if something had clicked inside me .
tr	O	His gaze lingered on her shiny lips and he thought about kissing her again .
tr	O	St Louis was about halfway , but that didn 't have the best memories for me .
tr	I	The bitterness followed , and she felt a searing pain .
tr	I	Instinct was a powerful thing to fight against , but I wanted to .
tr	I	You don 't , but he thinks you spend every night falling asleep thinking of him .
tr	O	said Zeus rocking back in his chair and putting both his feet up on the table .
tr	I	I pushed it down , but panic rose again .
tr	I	I won 't have her falling into their hands , and I know those SOBs already made a grab for Cassidy once .
tr	O	She had some issues to work out , and my being there wasn 't going to help .
tr	I	His reflection stared back without blinking and Matt stared at his reflection in the mirror .
tr	O	That we will do , but there it ends .
tr	I	It didn 't last long , but his expression softened a fraction .
tr	O	A long , deep breath battled to still the wild hunger he had set off inside her , and she almost won .
tr	O	He was slower than Ranma but he still had talent .
tr	I	The pain was so severe that she thought she might faint , and from the hallway she could see the dim figure of Robbie by the window .
tr	I	A hell of a lot to gain , but Barry had nothing to lose .
tr	I	She releases my wrist to salute me and her grin fully forms .
tr	I	She was more generous with it , or Nisha had more money than me .
tr	I	I have it to offer ... and she said you need time .
tr	O	It felt like she entered a different world , and yet it felt familiar , almost like home .
tr	O	A security gate blocked access to his driveway , but it was open .
tr	I	Gabe 's office remained dark , but Jerry labored away , as usual .
tr	O	You 're not asleep , and you 're not dead .
tr	I	I see that Nita is wearing a small smile , and I look over my shoulder just once before going .
tr	I	I hadn 't realized how badly I 'd needed to go and I 'd been forced to pee in much worse places before .
tr	I	She knew Marius so well and they 'd spent decades together .
tr	O	He would never break , but he feared she would .
tr	O	It took a few trips , but I was able to toss them all into the backseat of the car .
tr	I	I leaned against the fluffy sleeve of her new robe , and she covered my legs with her blanket .
tr	O	We stepped away from the table and I finally turned to face her .
tr	I	He made good use of the improved hearing as well , and he needed the improved eyesight to see in the darkness .
tr	I	Saturday , after my shift at Newton 's , was homework again , and Friday was the garage .
tr	O	Rage flooded her veins , and she gasped with fury .
tr	O	Dave acted like he wasn 't watching , but Blake knew better .
tr	I	A flash of electricity sent Nate twirling through the air , and Eric reached out a hand , grazing Nate 's shoulder .
tr	I	An old Chevy cargo van came from behind him , and a couple of cars approached from the opposite direction .
tr	O	It wasn 't a big theatre but it was big enough for me .
tr	I	They were our first priority client and they had supplied the seed money .
tr	O	The mobile phone buzz stirred him in the bed but he ignored .
tr	O	I tried to remember , but my foggy brain refused to help .
tr	I	She was a Vampire now , but she still looked like Susie .
tr	I	He sidestepped quickly into her path , but she attempted to step around him .
tr	I	The line went dead again and no more words were spoken .
tr	O	The crowd grew increasingly restive , and I admit even then the passions of those nearby led me to agree , almost to care .
tr	O	His life had been cut short by a drunk driver , and he hadn 't seen them again .
tr	I	She heard a thud as he ran into the side of the building , and her opponent hit ﬁrst .
tr	I	I landed on my ass with a thump on the hardwood floor , and he threw me off .
tr	O	He would have liked to keep me by his side but we both knew that was impossible for the time being .
tr	I	I had to be strong , but it was painful to think about because it had just happened .
tr	O	She 'd killed two already and her eyes were wide as she scanned the dimly lit area for more .
tr	O	Part of her still believed they 'd shared a unique connection during their time together , and another part doubted herself on any number of levels .
tr	I	I immediately wished I hadn 't said anything , and my voice still came out as a croak .
tr	I	She knew Tiffany 's response wouldn 't be as loud , but Brent 's voice carried back to Cierra .
tr	O	Stephan flushed a little , and I studied him , fascinated .
tr	O	She knew it was more than just paying attention , and she blushed with the thought of it .
tr	I	The image was much clearer , and the baby appeared on the screen .
tr	I	He 'd committed himself to her , but he didn 't do relationships either .
tr	I	His old style French was pretty good , but actually he sounded more like a Disneyland pirate than a saloon keeper .
tr	I	I fear an instant regression to the monster I was before , but it 's illogical .
tr	O	The small man intrigued her more than he frightened her , yet still she feared him .
tr	O	It must have been doing sixty or seventy , the racket of the engine reverberating between the dark buildings , high beams flooding his eyes .
tr	I	She had chosen Eddie and I had chosen Bryce .
tr	I	The damn Corwin Curse hung over their heads and their first try had ended in miscarriage .
tr	I	I couldn 't lead him on , and his eyes grew wide with hope .
tr	I	Butch went there every chance he got , but I stopped by once in a while .
tr	O	Tomorrow they may be looking for me , but not today I think .
tr	I	With every syllable she cursed her own stupidity , and the words were very difficult to give voice to .
tr	I	She ignored them , but whispers sprang up in her wake as she moved through the club .
tr	I	I was frightened , but it was small differences .
tr	I	I had my hat down low , and he had his dark hood up .
tr	I	There was a sinister undertone , but it was said lightly enough .
tr	I	Constantia shoved her down again , but Jane tried to rise .
tr	I	I found myself sitting snugly between my grandparents , and when the song was over , we sat down .
tr	O	That was what Fanny Mae had said , and the meaning seemed clear .
tr	O	He laughs and I join in as we flip through the hangers .
tr	I	I don 't know why , and I 'm feeling on edge .
tr	I	I know he 's doing it on purpose but Rian sounds clueless .
tr	O	Normally I wouldn 't think that I would like a guy with hair that short , but somehow it made Dylan even more attractive .
tr	O	The second man restrained the first , and she turned her back to them .
tr	O	The elevator arrived , and they both entered .
tr	O	I made an appointment to see you , and I 've been getting better every day .
tr	I	I couldn 't blame her , and she was probably avoiding me .
tr	I	He wasn 't asking for anything he didn 't want to give , but he was a tough taskmaster .
tr	O	He seemed startled as he turned her way , and just like that , any traces of vulnerability disappeared .
tr	I	Nobody could hear me , except for myself , but I am chatting away , calling for Tedd , telling him that I am alright .
tr	O	I kept fantasizing about it changing because of our attraction , but Beck is too messed up emotionally to go there .
tr	O	He gently rubbed his finger over her nipple , and she squirmed out of reach .
tr	O	They debated some more , but in the end , they both seemed satisfied that I was as dead as Cesar .
tr	I	He released her , but Rich looked confused .
tr	I	It was more than obvious that he was no longer serving that punishment , but Ashby was supposed to have been punished for that betrayal .
tr	O	Maybe I hadn 't been planning to , but with that question I had to choose .
tr	O	I recognized a few and they waved at me .
tr	O	His cheek lifted slowly and I followed its movement then checked the other cheek hoping for a double dose of dimple gratification .
tr	O	He gave me a wide grin , and we left the Arts Palace .
tr	O	He found the body just as he 'd left it and Sebastian went about the routine of disposing of the body .
tr	I	I pull back and the reality of what I 'm doing slaps me in the face .
tr	I	They have someone guarding the door so I couldn 't escape and there aren 't any windows .
tr	I	The music stopped in that same breath and she sniffed , fighting to hold back the tears .
tr	I	Her face relaxed and Maggie took a step back .
tr	I	The weirdest thing happened , and he smiled .
tr	I	This time she wasn 't as dazzled , but Charity gave Mairi another one of her unique smiles .
tr	O	Call upon me for favors and you will not be refused .
tr	O	I would never hurt him , but his mother didn 't know that .
tr	O	His stomach rolled and he tried breathing through the pain .
tr	I	He saw her recognition of it and he hadn 't answered her question .
tr	I	When he spoke the others listened , but Hild was normally silent .
tr	O	When she told Jeff this , his face lost all color and he looked as if he 'd been punched in the stomach .
tr	O	The connection I felt to the souls was the source , and in that moment they were indeed like batteries .
tr	O	The McGill began to laugh loudly for the whole pier to hear , but still no delinquents came from secret hiding places .
tr	O	I think it might have something to do with the fact that you make me laugh a lot and you 're really smart .
tr	I	The blade cut across his left leg , opening up a deep , deep wound , and this time , Logan wasn 't quite quick enough .
tr	O	I don 't know how much time we shall need , but we have to solve this riddle .
tr	O	He wasn 't quite as effortlessly strong as Maria , but I could still feel the power in his grip .
tr	I	Finally she spoke , but the moment of silence stretched on for an eternity that Thomas ' didn 't want to end .
tr	O	My knees hit the mat and I quickly wiped a hand across my nose , hoping he hadn 't noticed the blood .
tr	O	She needed them , and for once in her life , they weren 't there .
tr	I	He sunk slowly to the sand and Gregor 's knees turned to jelly .
tr	O	I 've never skated in my life but I like to stand in other peoples jumping points .
tr	O	He tried to pick her up but she shuddered in his arms , her eyes rolling back in her head .
tr	I	I 'm satisfied with the language , but it takes fourteen pages to say this .
tr	O	New lines appeared as she walked , and old ones faded , disappearing behind .
tr	I	Then Eugene let Nick into the house , and I listened to the exchange of introductions .
tr	I	I loved her , and she loved me .
tr	O	I asked him about previous hunts , but he wouldn 't elaborate .
tr	O	Mellow 's brow creased and he eyed Dave thoughtfully .
tr	I	She certainly wasn 't going to start down that road tonight , and had never been the insecure type either .
tr	I	He held it firm , but she tugged her hand .
tr	O	His face looked haggard , and fear haunted his eyes .
tr	O	Jacob was livid , but he was Jacob .
tr	I	The two other men followed behind , and it was obvious that Gardener knew his way .
tr	I	They went back inside and Benji flew Rachel back to the balcony .
tr	O	She hated a liar worse than anything , but she wasn 't naive enough to think that there was never a time when a lie was needed .
tr	I	Together they soared to completion , and she exhaled hard , accepting all of him .
tr	O	The two of them needed to wed - and he needed her lying beneath him .
tr	O	They are more than gracious and even send transport to assist .
tr	I	He looked up sharply , and the front door creaked open .
tr	I	Again , so was everything that had come before it , but it was impossible , of course .
tr	O	Someone said something in the back , and a few chuckles could be heard .
tr	I	It wasn 't there , but I looked under the plush bench .
tr	O	Both girls were elegantly tall but they were not slender .
tr	I	I watched her take him in and my mom turned to face Jack 's dad .
tr	O	She was rattled , not so much by his question , but by the instant reaction her body had with his presence .
tr	I	She told me to have my vasectomy reversed , and I confided in Cassidy about it .
tr	I	I was held to the altar by the ghost 's cold hand , but I screamed , my eyes opening .
tr	O	Me , I like to talk , but Rob gets right to the point .
tr	O	Thou shalt lead and I will follow .
tr	I	Me could actually be together and this is the way Derek .
tr	I	The routine was a balm to his soul but he 'd a feeling that baking a cake couldn 't fix this problem .
tr	I	Being a thief and she 's about to cross the line between being a liar .
tr	I	I wonder if I should be writing it all down , and I try to remember everything he 's telling me .
tr	O	Maybe it was crass , but damn , she was .
tr	I	I was positive he wouldn 't but he was frightened he might hurt me .
tr	I	Cassandra started speaking , and a male voice was heard .
tr	O	The kiss wasn 't especially sensual , but it was filled with need .
tr	I	He yelled at someone up the line and I yelled at my law school pal .
tr	O	I regret the things I said , but I couldn 't tell him the truth , so I 'd led him to believe my interests lay elsewhere .
tr	I	That which is born of the Spirit is spirit ; and that which is born of the flesh is flesh .
tr	I	On Monday morning she 'd dreaded going to work , and she hadn 't seen the man for the rest of the evening .
tr	I	I blushed all over again and he smirked down at me .
tr	O	You let me hang your stuff up here for one month and if nothing sells , no one will know anything about it .
tr	O	He couldn 't wait until the day was over and they could be alone again .
tr	O	Mr. Smith nodded at me , and a couple neighbors murmured subdued thank yous .
tr	O	I already felt too much for someone who was supposed to be my unbiased mission , and knowing what hurt her would only dig me deeper .
tr	I	They all stop to listen , and their squad leader suddenly raises his fist .
tr	I	I knew he 'd be happy to tell me about them , and Mr. Worthington seemed to know more than anyone about the legends .
tr	I	I give him the address , hoping I pronounce it right , and the ridiculously good-looking Asian taxi driver asks .
tr	I	He remained silent , but beside her Jacques stirred as if to protest .
tr	I	Weapons were slaves to Soul Reapers , and no one would be able to accept me because I 'm a Weapon .
tr	O	I know it 's cliché , but we aren 't that different .
tr	O	He might risk reelection in a good cause , but he could not risk humiliation again .
tr	O	Dad had been aiming for his throat , but Carson 's reflexes had saved him .
tr	I	Bees were collecting pollen from the wildflowers growing in the meadows , and grasshoppers jumped out of the way as she came barreling through .
tr	I	One must die , and now neither needs the other .
tr	O	MI5 vowed that it would get its act together in future , and Morton told Sun Cruises that he was grateful for their alertness .
tr	O	She was very tired , and her head was aching .
tr	O	Miss Foster shook her head , clearly bored , but straining to fake interest in the conversation .
tr	I	He didn 't like it , and he 'd taken the slap .
tr	O	Tall couches lined the wall opposite the door , and a few well-dressed men sat on them , each speaking to a woman .
tr	O	I could take on other shapes , and that was the one thing I 'd been absolutely hoping would never , ever happen .
tr	I	He couldn 't see auras like we could , but Tuck was looking now , too .
tr	O	The sequence was pure coincidence , but the beauty of it made him smile inside .
tr	I	She needed to get her shit together , and she was already at the back door to Jenn 's .
tr	I	I 'm Nephilim now , but I appreciate the thought .
tr	I	Me a drink and Lowe disappeared to the bar to get Claudia .
tr	I	Now he saw it had a boundary to the north , too , and Gentrification had a boundary to the south , as he had seen .
tr	O	Andrew tried to focus on his prayers , but horrible questions filled his mind .
tr	I	Everyone knew you should stay away from the Holes , but she 'd been in this neighborhood a few times with Mauricio .
tr	I	I lightly smacked her perfect ass and she got up .
tr	I	He would be linked to her forever , and that 's all he needed to take .
tr	I	There , standing on the far wall , was Argon , and Thor spun .
tr	I	Tula backed up and he walked closer .
tr	O	They were friends , and Julia wasn 't at fault for this .
tr	I	After that , Dom didn 't really say much , but things started out strong the night of the club .
tr	I	JC would yell at her to quit dripping and Angelina would say .
tr	I	It wasn 't the person , but oh , the brain held a lot of information .
tr	O	What I needed was a bottle of whiskey , but I settled for a glass of water instead .
tr	I	Mr. White shut the door with a heavy thud and Ivan quickly came in .
tr	O	He had a quick mental flash of his own childhood home , as swank as the Garrison complex ... But a hell of a lot warmer .
tr	I	Soon I was on top of him , and Dean stayed within me as he rolled .
tr	I	I remained still and her grip was tight .
tr	I	After a moment he returned to rinsing her hair , and she turned her face forward again , merely waiting .
tr	O	Okay , not secrets , since anyone in the town could repeat the Barron family history , but she instinctively knew exactly how circumstances had affected him .
tr	O	Jax 's lips tightened , and his face went hard .
tr	I	They 've given me no insight into the tainted , but I checked them out of the library days ago hoping to find some answers .
tr	O	Sarah 's mattress was thrown aside , and the doll was on its feet .
tr	I	We 're home free and we just have to make the clearing .
tr	O	Bonnie didn 't know what he was talking about , but she could guess .
tr	I	His eyes took on , of all things , embarrassment , and Hart 's scowl died .
tr	O	They start in my general direction , but I 'm already on the move .
tr	O	She 'd dyed her hair from platinum to soft strawberry blond , and it fell in ringlets over her shoulders .
tr	O	He was on his own now and it was time to grow up .
tr	O	Tension had been building since the cops showed up and now it was like a tangible thing in the middle of the room .
tr	O	Lucrezia paused for breath , and Ezio gave her a savage yank forward .
tr	I	Even Jessica jumped , and there were several squeals , mostly from the girls .
tr	I	Friends were left in the dark , and many people could cover the secret with finesse while neighbors , family members .
tr	I	I stepped out of the way but the werewolf leapt at me .
tr	I	I wanted to get rid of it , and it sucked .
tr	O	Two walls were brick , and the other was painted a pretty plum color .
tr	O	She waited for Bill to say something but he had already turned his attention to the newspaper .
tr	I	He flinched and I pressed my lips to the corner of his .
tr	O	I could tell that nobody believed me , but nobody really seemed to care , either .
tr	O	Pete didn 't know , but price hikes began accelerating .
tr	O	I start to protest , but she waves me off .
tr	O	I haven 't seen a strawberry in weeks , but somehow my sister smells of them .
tr	O	He should have been enraged , and he was a bit .
tr	O	I pressed the cloth to the edge of my wrist , where the slit was , and I waited until blood was stained there .
tr	I	We all waited anxiously for the news and Coach had still not announced the starters .
tr	I	I rolled my eyes and this didn 't happen .
tr	O	Ben turned to his mother , and she raised her hands .
tr	I	The kitchen crashed more than once while the tickets piled up , and Ramon , the bartender , was taking forever with the drinks .
tr	I	Murdoch had rented mostly to employees at a ridiculously low rate , but they generated extra income for the bar .
tr	I	The spirit flew like an eagle over the mountains of the angels and the excitement was high .
tr	O	When he looked down at her , her eyes were still closed and her body was actually moving rhythmically to his hands .
tr	O	They hadn 't harmed her and she was still his soft , sweet , wonderful woman .
tr	I	Shay had arrived at Dante 's house and it had been a week since he .
tr	I	You can play hero to your heart 's content and once you 're better we can fight together .
tr	I	I swore I could feel him smile and I closed my eyes briefly .
tr	O	My mind resisted , but the rest of the picture snapped painfully into focus .
tr	O	She taped the makeshift scope to my barrel and I chose a target to test it on .
tr	I	The guy was dead , but I did know that .
tr	I	Without hesitation , I held her back and Rachel grabbed me in a huge hug .
tr	I	Yet he 'd barely broken a sweat , and she 'd seen how many times he 'd gone through all those moves himself .
tr	O	Her breath hitched , but she forced herself to stay calm .
tr	I	I want her to stop hanging around with her and she 's too heavily influenced by Zoey .
tr	O	Byron commented , and he watched a flare of hurt enter her eyes before she smiled through it .
tr	O	His hands ran over her and in her mind she saw him grimace , recoil from her body .
tr	O	It 's called Crash the Moon and the score is to die for .
tr	I	I can drive out but I 'm in Albany .
tr	I	Not as I 'd hoped , but it was there in the trash .
tr	I	It flapped in the wind against the can 's mesh sides , and the black plastic bag in the trash can was empty .
tr	I	As a result , families were large , adding to the overpopulation , and every family was required to send two sons into the military for life .
tr	I	My eyes shook and I looked up .
tr	I	She saw a crack of light where the cabinet began to open , and the wood around her rattled as he placed his hand on the knob .
tr	I	It was so hard when I 'm always let down , but I wanted to trust him .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell you what actually happened there either , but I had a nightmare about Bruce Madison .
tr	I	He hadn 't known anything about her , but it was no secret he 'd been attracted to her from day one .
tr	O	I tried to use my gift , but the man just laughed .
tr	I	The image of the girl disappeared and Ellis picked up the shallow bowl .
tr	O	A silent question passed between them and he shook his head minutely in reply .
tr	O	It wasn 't cold in the room but when the air hit my wet underwear , I felt a chill .
tr	O	There was a rush of wind as the truck tumbled past , and then he was gone .
tr	O	They walked over to Denny and me looking like super models .
tr	O	When I looked at her eyes , I didn 't notice that one kind of drooped but it wasn 't noticeable until someone pointed it out .
tr	O	I wanted to talk to him in the car , but his mood prevented me from doing so .
tr	I	Staring death in the face snapped something inside me , but spying for the good of others was one thing .
tr	I	She turned toward him , and Rafe grasped her wrist .
tr	O	He eased up on the pain , and I gasped for air .
tr	O	There were hundreds of photos of this party , and Jez was surrounded by other people he knew .
tr	O	I had no idea where the clubhouse was after my first game , and no one showed me .
tr	O	He was an intoxicating man physically but there was more to it than that .
tr	I	He searched for his mother and he soared through the stars .
tr	O	My wizard bag was ready enough though and filled with a variety of magic coins .
tr	I	I was stuck on next time , but she smiled .
tr	O	The warmth of his skin helps calm me somehow , and I finally feel my heart rate begin to slow .
tr	I	The woman insisted I swallow , but I faintly remember pushing the bottle away .
tr	O	Adventure could do twenty knots , and he 'd ordered maximum speed .
tr	O	Bones opened his mouth , but Cat touched his arm .
tr	O	It was far from a sure bet , but it was a logical place to start .
tr	I	He hadn 't heard of any , but Caleb didn 't answer right away .
tr	I	I am fine and I hope to see Sam again .
tr	I	They were handed the drab gray uniforms of inmates , and the clothes they had been wearing were thrown into a flaming furnace .
tr	I	They 've never been tested against alien creatures before , but they 're supposed to protect us !
tr	O	My voice was sharp , but she needed to hear it .
tr	O	I have gone over the details dozens of times in my mind since the meeting but it still doesn 't seem like enough .
tr	I	She couldn 't feel the ground under her feet and Jonas pulled her higher against the wall .
tr	O	Everyone took their seats , and we followed their example .
tr	I	She could guess the repercussions , but Sylvie had tried her best not to inquire about how the school had weathered the MRSA news .
tr	O	Her eyes were full of fire and Henry could tell she was upset .
tr	O	You say that now but it isn 't true .
tr	I	She straightened her shoulders and her chin went up .
tr	O	The rope caught him around his midsection , and they dragged him almost to the bottom .
tr	O	They seemed to be looking at something on her computer , but still , he could put a little distance between them .
tr	I	There wasn 't really much they could tell us , but for the next hour we questioned the two of them while the paramedics tended to them .
tr	I	The increased speed caused more pain , but Buck tried to comply .
tr	O	Hart made a little noise in his throat , and when he looked at her , all traces of sorrow had gone .
tr	O	I wasn 't careful enough and he snuck up on Evie .
tr	I	He 's a big part of mine , and right now I 'm a big part of his world .
tr	O	I have taken very few liberties with the transport arrangements mentioned in the book , and most journeys can be travelled as described .
tr	O	There were bagels on the counter , but Margot had skipped the cream cheese , probably as a cost-cutting measure .
tr	I	She was right about bringing Sis ' Shirley along and she was right to do what she did yesterday .
tr	I	It turns out that some nut offed herself this morning , and I ask .
tr	I	His friend owned a casino and sure it was a condominium .
tr	O	The people there are down to earth , and their heritage is amazing .
tr	I	She opened her mouth to scream , and a flash of red hair caught her eye .
tr	I	I refuse to hurl , but Vomit burns at the back of my throat .
tr	I	Lily cut him off , but Tom opened his mouth to speak .
tr	O	He couldn 't safely bolt before sunset , but if he were caught here , how would he explain his presence ?
tr	O	They reluctantly agreed , but only after I promised them I had other plans .
tr	I	His mouth found hers with such need , such hunger , that Carol groaned , and he reached for her .
tr	I	A fire was made and it was almost dark .
tr	I	I 'd learned some hard lessons that way and sure , sometimes I let my head overrule my gut .
tr	O	Sam bristled , but I laughed .
tr	O	From what he could tell , the path was wide enough for a car to drive down , but passing another would be a problem .
tr	I	They hugged each other tightly and Kelly rushed to her .
tr	I	He glanced back at them , a crazy ass grin on his face , and Quinn got to the door first .
tr	I	Mac didn 't regret his choices , but of course it meant that Raymond was using his Imp .
tr	O	Gradually my mind becomes clearer and the fear begins to recede .
tr	I	Hands occupied and it would keep her mouth .
tr	O	Her hair is pulled back , and I can see a tattoo creeping over her collarbone , toward her throat .
tr	O	She had never touched me before , and I flinched in fear .
tr	O	Her legs gave out on her , and he caught her , easily tossing her onto the bed .
tr	I	For the most part , she ignored them , but occasionally , she heard whispers .
tr	I	You always had me but I belonged to another .
tr	I	She kept moving , but her muscles ached .
tr	O	Diego had given her a thorough examination and his face said it all .
tr	O	His head was aching and he felt so weak .
tr	I	It was no use but I backed up from him .
tr	I	He saw at last the groom 's face and the newspaper clipping fell away .
tr	O	I thought I knew her family , but I had only met one generation .
tr	I	You were this tiny little thing on screen , and your Gran went with her to the scan .
tr	O	We may not get to his reserves , but this will eventually have the same effect .
tr	O	I wanted to stop , but I couldn 't stop the choking sounds from my throat .
tr	I	It 's simple retaliation for our defiance , or maybe this devastation serves their master plan .
tr	O	Most of the time his security staff assured him hate mail was harmless , but one particular type of letter had come in repeatedly .
tr	O	My deepest sleep is around three a.m. , and sometime during that period I was awakened by the grip of a hand on my shoulder .
tr	O	I did my best to resist and for a while , it worked .
tr	I	The arch was gone , and I blinked .
tr	O	The skin around her eyes was free from wrinkles , and her lashes were thick , incredibly long .
tr	I	I didn 't see them in the crowd , but I quickly glanced around the area .
tr	O	He heard the sound and he answered it .
tr	O	This woman is not a Christian and she doesn 't support our cause .
tr	O	Erik jerked the rope up , and the man lost consciousness .
tr	I	There 's a part of me that wants nothing more than to surrender , and it 's addicting , overwhelming .
tr	O	It all happens fast , and there 's never time to think , never any way to be sure of anything .
tr	I	Sylvia walked out and the shop door opened .
tr	I	His face showed pure terror as he clutched at his throat , and the small creature looked surprisingly human , despite his obvious differences .
tr	O	The last person to move here was Francesca Roberts in the third grade , and we still call her the new girl .
tr	O	We had to get out of there and pray the demons didn 't follow us .
tr	O	It 'd been ninety degrees outside , and after five trips , I was getting exhausted .
tr	O	When it got late everyone left and Nate took me home .
tr	I	He 'd been determined to keep it , but his father had never liked that artwork .
tr	O	Denny didn 't ask me about my break down , and I didn 't volunteer any information .
tr	O	Written accounts report the Northern Lights were visible all the way down into Virginia , but back then the only electrical device was the telegraph .
tr	I	It makes excitement spark in me , and I can see in her eyes what she wants .
tr	O	Her hair lazily floated around her shoulders , and her hand drifted forward as if she was underwater .
tr	I	Athena would not be reasoned with -- not even by the King of the Gods , but her love had argued with Zeus .
tr	O	Both of us were alive and Bambi was back where she belonged , on Roth 's skin .
tr	O	My skills were sadly lacking , but loving you must have made the difference .
tr	I	This time he waited until I was buckled in before starting the car , and James opened the car door for me again .
tr	O	I felt like he needed me , and after seeing my mother 's anguish , I needed him , too .
tr	O	Yes , the trust was still there , yet nothing would stop Auron from achieving his goal .
tr	I	Sofia continued and he gave her some time .
tr	I	The picture showed that the town was much the same as it was now , and it was old , nearly eighty years .
tr	O	His silence nearly breaks me , and I spread my fingers out on the cool desktop , trying to keep my emotions in check .
tr	O	Her hand falls from her stomach , and the tear clears from her face .
tr	O	There was a spring hidden on this property , and it was up to him to find it .
tr	O	Jack ordered the finest local wine available and they toasted the future .
tr	I	Kat stood silently , taking it all in , and a group of tourists passed by , snapping pictures .
tr	I	Then he lowered his chin , and his eyes darkened .
tr	O	Martinez 's clothes fit over mine , and Vogel 's fit over Martinez 's .
tr	O	She 'd been in his apartment for a few days and yet he was forced to admit the place felt empty without her .
tr	O	I didn 't know the story , but it looked promising .
tr	I	He didn 't , but she thought he might tease her about getting a little more than he 'd bargained for .
tr	I	The tree pressing on him lifted a bit , but pushing up , Cael bit back a cry , a spike of pain radiating from his side .
tr	O	Again William thought he saw movement , this time towards the end of the ships giant wing , but again when he looked closer he saw nothing .
tr	I	Jake recalled her earlier description of Ur intelligence , but Marika certainly appreciated his help .
tr	O	Her eye was swollen shut , and it looked like she had a split lip .
tr	O	Maybe it was the clean air or maybe it was nothing more than the contentment that comes when everything seems to be as it should .
tr	I	He was , but he didn 't need to be that thorough .
tr	O	Flavor exploded in her mouth and she moaned in appreciation .
tr	I	She couldn 't bear to prolong the obvious agony , but the Lu would no doubt kill all of them without an ounce of remorse .
tr	O	She looks at me as if it 's a question , but if it is , it 's one only she can answer .
tr	I	The girl didn 't release it , but Boots tried to take the ball .
tr	I	Ted remained silent , at the other side of the continent and there was a pause , while Robert gazed at her eagerly .
tr	I	He might have been the dyer , but I weren 't sure .
tr	O	I trusted your word , and you betrayed me .
tr	I	I was ready to see him locked away and Braydon had consumed my thoughts for the last year .
tr	I	There hadn 't been any help for that delay , but he 'd been gone longer than he 'd planned .
tr	O	He just stood there with his arms spread out and his feet squarely planted .
tr	O	I wasn 't too keen on the idea but I walked the entire path in with her .
tr	I	The world started to go black , and Ash 's grip tightened once more .
tr	I	He smiled and I sighed .
tr	I	I could see Sun waving her green leafy hands at me , and the garden spirits were back .
tr	I	Her words darted and she seethed with anger .
tr	O	It 's not completely burnt , yet you had a scald that has now disappeared .
tr	I	She knew that she mustn 't , but Elena wanted to cling to him like a koala .
tr	I	It landed squarely on the nose of his opponent and he backed the punch with his entire body weight .
tr	O	The healer would remove them permanently in a couple of days , and until then , she was to be careful with her movements .
tr	I	Drew couldn 't quite reach them but the words dangled before him .
tr	O	Noah nodded and I shook my head .
tr	I	At that moment I didn 't care if anyone watched , and I was lost in his spell .
tr	I	I 'm ready to slow down , but I like it .
tr	I	At this point any other man was a threat to me , but Peyton said they were just friends .
tr	O	I could smell something , but inspiration wasn 't it .
tr	I	Hearing the words come out of this creepy animal caused a slight gasp to spill out , but I had guessed this .
tr	O	Once I fed it the hydrogen , I fired up the fuel plant and it got to work making the additional fuel I 'd need .
tr	O	He 's inconsolable , but anyway , now it 's your turn .
tr	O	She protects Lisa from the outside world , and Lisa knows she cannot get along without her .
tr	I	Instead of dropping a lifeboat to row to shore , Anna made Hiro swim while following close behind him and the barge pulled into the harbor .
tr	I	This morning I cannot find it , and I came to this lake for peace .
tr	O	I wasn 't feeling quite good enough to laugh , but it did cross my mind .
tr	O	Her face beamed and she looked radiant .
tr	I	I had his complete attention , but he hadn 't moved .
tr	O	I decided to leave the keys in and the doors unlocked .
tr	O	I was too weak , and it just hurt so much .
tr	I	There 's no one here ... but in another blink , we 're back on the side of the road .
tr	I	That was just some toast and I haven 't eaten since this morning .
tr	I	I was desperately trying to control my shaking and I had no idea what they were talking about .
tr	O	My eyes started to sting , and I tried to blink back the tears .
tr	I	Harriet stood by the fire , stretching her hands out to the flames , and the back parlor was cosy indeed .
tr	O	I moan , and my hands grip the bedpost more tightly .
tr	O	You don 't have to tell me your name , but I wonder if you could tell me what you are .
tr	I	I couldn 't remember where I 'd seen him , but his face was familiar to me .
tr	I	She smiled and I handed it to her .
tr	O	They mocked him as the son of God , but all he claimed was a kinship to Man .
tr	I	If I saw him , I never knew it , but I watched every stranger that came through the door .
tr	I	When she was finished , Emma leaned back in her seat , and Julie recounted their date .
tr	O	That wasn 't very long ago but it feels like it now .
tr	I	They had been preparing for it and the corporations knew what would happen when their project was noticed .
tr	O	Kai 's name was on the cover , so it was obvious that he had written it , but she didn 't think it was fiction .
tr	I	Today I was making an exception , but I usually avoided parks after dark .
tr	O	The regent waved a hand , and a second hourglass was overturned .
tr	O	I heard male voices over me , but I couldn 't make out all that they were saying .
tr	I	It lit up his whole face , and his smile was gorgeous , too .
tr	I	Lucas remained distant , focused inward , but I wanted to embrace him again .
tr	I	It quickly passed , but he had his usual moment of resentment .
tr	O	I grabbed her hand , and Mary tugged me , so were beside each other as white light began to shimmer .
tr	I	Neither of us was ever in a hurry , but eventually one of us would break the silence .
tr	O	I 'm sure injecting crude oil into my veins would have been easier on my body , but I didn 't care .
tr	O	Lucien got close to her and I saw his fingers squeeze .
tr	I	Then moved on and held him for a long moment .
tr	O	I kept trying to talk , but only garbled words came out .
tr	I	He couldn 't see anything , but he looked into the darkness .
tr	I	This time she thought she understood why , but the same as it had after he succeeded at the Trial .
tr	I	She really wouldn 't have been all that sorry if he had and she half expected Sean to blow off her observation as a stretch .
tr	O	He was dining with Jason Danvers , and Suzy had been dining there with Claire Walters , who was actually Claire Danvers now .
tr	I	The other part of me couldn 't stop thinking about how sexy he was and part of me was scared to death .
tr	O	The waitress was coming with their coffee and Nikki halted her speech .
tr	O	She didn 't say any of this of course , but I could see it in her eyes .
tr	I	These pissing contests in front of the other men had to stop , but nothing wrong with the second-in-command challenging an order in private .
tr	I	Not to bother you at school , but I told him you could discuss it later .
tr	I	Otto interrupted her , but Bri began to speak .
tr	O	He looked at her now , and something in his eyes shifted , looking deeper .
tr	O	Suddenly the muscle spasm struck again and I groaned , clutching my lower back .
tr	O	I 'll see you there and you know what I look like .
tr	I	This guy 's suicide still saddened me , but it had been several years by now .
tr	I	I open the door for Cammie and one pulls up to the curb .
tr	O	Splat guns were basically paint ball guns with the dye removed and spells added .
tr	O	They think they are from grams village but they aren 't sure .
tr	I	Physically lifts me off my feet , carrying me back down the steps and he doesn 't make a noise as he wraps his arms around me .
tr	O	Damien promises me a day of shopping later , and I am fine with that .
tr	O	He 's tough and he 's ruthless .
tr	O	I didn 't know what had got her panties in a bunch , but she was pissed about something .
tr	O	My father 's coat was velvet too , but the material was worn thin .
tr	O	Their backs were bent with arthritis , and their hair had gone white with age .
tr	I	That made her nervous , and Lea felt like she was under them for the first time .
tr	O	Rod turned the calf loose , and it ran to its mother .
tr	O	I try to yell to her , to tell her I am okay , but I can 't get the damn words out of my mouth .
tr	O	The doped feeling left him , and he found himself oddly excited .
tr	O	I might be clueless about many , many things , but even I know that I can 't make someone like me .
tr	O	Charlotte had given her the recipe and it had become a family favorite .
tr	O	It was locked , however , and there appeared to be no way to open it .
tr	O	Amy 's face drains of color , and she 's paler than ever .
tr	I	He would never intentionally hurt people , but he sometimes does things that are irresponsible .
tr	O	Peter knew he could capitalise on her admiration but he never felt comfortable when money was behind it .
tr	O	The parking lot was littered with Mercedes ' and black SUVs were parked outside .
tr	O	She 'd never lost her devotion to him , and I was forcing her to split her loyalties .
tr	O	I know what yours is , and I know what mine is .
tr	I	A colourful bruise was already starting to develop and the blow looked bad .
tr	O	JT stands up awkwardly , but Aimee isn 't moving .
tr	I	It seemed closer to fifty , but the flight was five hours .
tr	I	I just love Nicole Kidman , and it was so atmospheric .
tr	I	He put an arm across my waist , and he was on his side facing me .
tr	O	Bird , she looks down at the bubbling water , and quick as anything she slips down into the pot .
tr	I	Flowing ; like tiny , wind-blown waves stirring the surface of still water and her features were subtle .
tr	I	She knew what she had to do , but Emma was too upset to think clearly .
tr	I	She didn 't really want to talk to him anyway , and when he did come , he generally avoided her .
tr	I	Ned swung nimbly from the roof through the open window , and Jason undid the latch .
tr	O	I 'd failed and now I needed to pay .
tr	I	She wasn 't nearly as bad as he made her sound , but Cindy was Joe 's ex-wife .
tr	O	The piled rubble of the collapsed ceiling reached nearly to the surface , but there was space on the other side , going on into darkness .
tr	O	He scratches the stubble on his jaw and I swear he 's covering a grin .
tr	O	I was surprised she did not react to my indifference , but something in her countenance seemed to fight negativity today .
tr	O	* * * Thus they found the last of their companions , and their quest was restored .
tr	O	Olivia grabbed for the bars , but it was too late .
tr	I	There is no equality and all is righteousness .
tr	I	I perhaps detected a sense of relief and he was starting to look more relaxed .
tr	I	That was it , but Alonso hoped to say more .
tr	O	It would be a ticklish subject but Golden would broach the topic nonetheless .
tr	O	The medicine cabinet starts rattling and the toothbrush holder is about to fall off the sink .
tr	O	I had been living in a zombie outbreak for 3 months now , and this was the only time in which I have felt this way .
tr	O	It would rather be a dream come true , but that 's all it was , a dream .
tr	I	The corners of his lips lifted and his head snapped back to mine .
tr	O	She already hurt enough because authorities were listening in on the conversation , and covert cameras were searching around the place while she kept him occupied .
tr	O	It even smelled like sugar cookies , and all that was missing was music .
tr	I	I almost felt sorry for her , and a tear rolled down her cheek .
tr	O	It clicked open , and the chains holding the door shut fell away .
tr	I	I was numb , but my voice lacked the emotion I knew should be there .
tr	I	A voice -- a beautiful voice -- followed , and an unseen hand was pounding on the trapdoor .
tr	O	They all seemed to have healthy families , and being away from them was definitely hard on everyone , not just the girls .
tr	I	His shoulders dropped in resignation , and Elijah led the way silently .
tr	O	The sun had set completely now and a silver moon hung in its place , hidden slightly behind a thin veil of clouds .
tr	O	Her arm was fine and her skin was whole , as if she 'd never had the IV .
tr	O	I 'm frantic to find out , but the officer is in no hurry .
tr	O	I did a quick check and they 're right .
tr	O	The innkeeper sputtered and his eyes bulged .
tr	O	It might have been trivial , given the weight of the circumstances , but it was their way of reconnecting .
tr	I	She was determined to take a leaf from his book , but his easy dismissal of their earlier argument brought a flush of heat to her cheeks .
tr	O	It was however , as he had expected , so overcrowded he could barely breathe and the air conditioning was giving up the ghost .
tr	O	He wasn 't good enough for her , and he damn well knew that .
tr	O	Peace echoed in the parking lot and in her ear , the listening devices deactivated .
tr	I	I 'll rouse the house , and Let 's find some soup .
tr	O	Our blood is different , and we have many gifts .
tr	I	It looked to Jain like he was going to cry , but the lantern light cast weird shadows that distorted his features .
tr	O	It was such a pretty shade , and one I 'd never seen before .
tr	I	His brows pulled together , and Jacob 's jaw flexed .
tr	I	He looked a mess and he had his weapon on his shoulder .
tr	O	She tried to wrestle Faye toward the window , but Faye pushed her off , filled with rage .
tr	I	Her eyes sparkled and her earrings danced .
tr	O	A hand gripped his ankle with painful tightness , and his upward progress stopped .
tr	O	We 'd been living together for a little over a year , and I wasn 't naive .
tr	I	I was twelve , and she was eighteen .
tr	I	They could not afford to abandon even a single lamp , but Bax drew Mani as he went , wishing he could draw Sol as well .
tr	O	A hidden smile crossed her face , and she stopped abruptly .
tr	I	It was locked and I tried the door .
tr	I	She was all alone , and now Lucas was gone .
tr	I	When she was committed , she could move mountains , and she was committed to achieving this goal .
tr	O	He twined his fingers with hers and Ned squashed a rush of jealousy .
tr	O	Scars crossed his face , and it always seemed that his mouth was set into a permanent frown .
tr	I	We 'd both know that was a lie , but I want to tell him he 's wrong .
tr	I	She was methodical and she didn 't panic .
tr	O	I approach him and he looks up when he sees me .
tr	O	Marcie 's hand flew to her head , and she yelped .
tr	I	It hurt , and it had split her heart in two throbbing pieces .
tr	I	She could feel her expression freeze , and it wasn 't what she 'd expected to hear .
tr	O	She squeezed his hand , and it felt good , comforting .
tr	O	Evelyn got me through it with therapy , but she couldn 't save all of us .
tr	I	Eric 's thoughts about the upcoming fight dissolved , and Iona came out of Cassidy 's bedroom .
tr	O	There are a couple of medications available but most practitioners consider them a last resort .
tr	O	If we 're lucky , there might be dolphins there and we could swim with them .
tr	I	Now he had his definitive answer , and he 'd been willing to see if love could actually be good .
tr	I	She looks more in place than me and Women adapt faster to a new environment than men .
tr	I	If you want the stuff I 've got then you 're gon na have to have a little faith , and I 'm me .
tr	O	There was a whirring sound , and one of the back windows of the Rolls slid down .
tr	O	He knows the shortest distance between two points is not a straight line , but running in a straight line .
tr	I	I must say I am a full-fledged farmer now and I have quit my career as a media man .
tr	O	The screams tore through the house , echoing , and her body tensed in instant response .
tr	I	I watched her slip out into the night , and she waited for me to open the balcony door .
tr	I	Even though you knew he would let you in , you couldn 't , and you contemplated moving to where he did .
tr	I	He broke it with a question but we were silent for a while .
tr	O	He was good at concealing himself , but she knew what to look for .
tr	O	Riley turned his head to look at me and I wiped a stray tear from my cheek .
tr	I	There was no need to argue over something which would probably never happen , and these were all quite remote scenarios they were discussing .
tr	O	She 'd seen him at Francesca 's this morning , and he was on the phone with her right now .
tr	O	It was probably a furnace room , but it might also be some sort hazardous materials storage .
tr	O	She knew Cole would be back from whatever it was he did on Sundays and they needed to talk .
tr	O	Bring the kids to them and the rest of the money is yours .
tr	I	He sucked in his breath and Jace 's gaze followed hers .
tr	O	I know he was distant , but he believed in this restoration as much as I do .
tr	O	I need your help and I need you to tell me what you know .
tr	I	I had no idea while we were there , but I know now what they did in Switzerland .
tr	O	Her head came up and she stared at him .
tr	I	She marched out of the fog , and then the lights came up again .
tr	I	It was also exhausting , but it was better not to think .
tr	I	I blinked and he asked .
tr	O	I still didn 't understand how such simple contact could make me so content , but it did .
tr	O	That path was gone now , and no matter how badly I ached to be sisters again , circumstances would never allow it .
tr	I	Grass began to grow between the stone stairs , and below on the house door the lock rusted , tarnish covered the brass knocker .
tr	O	Okay , not the exact way she planned to start the conversation but it worked .
tr	I	Our brains are different as wolves , but it 's just a way of talking .
tr	I	To Edwin it felt as though he was being watched , but it might have been an effect of the electric storm outside .
tr	O	Her ex had done so much worse to her and she 'd held strong .
tr	O	Bo just smiled at Lucius , but I thought it seemed a bit of a forced gesture .
tr	I	Brent was now on the verge of getting a criminal record and that incident at Christmas had only been the tip of the iceberg .
tr	I	She managed to overcome it , but she had a strong urge to shake hands .
tr	I	He eyed me suspiciously and his head tilted .
tr	O	I told him we were just talking , and we were sharing an epiphany of sorts .
tr	O	Confused , I swept my eyes around the half-filled room , but there was no sign of him among the other patrons .
tr	I	They were not the hands she wanted , but strong hands pushed her back against the mattress .
tr	O	It overpowered his senses and he found himself weeping .
tr	O	Makeup covered her face in an attempt to cover her age and she wore long dangly earrings that hung to her shoulder .
tr	I	Dinner was almost ready and within the hour the table was set .
tr	I	I knew then that I wasn 't going to be able to meet with The Underground 's leader and he snapped his fingers .
tr	I	She nudged the door open with the toe of her boot , and when she tried the knob , it turned .
tr	O	Hamilton visits McKay and he pours them two glasses of wine .
tr	O	He wanted to brush them away , wanted to kiss away her pain , but he was afraid to get to close to her again .
tr	I	He plunged her into his mouth and there was a squeak of protest .
tr	I	I poured us another glass of wine and after we finished eating , we put the cartons back in the basket .
tr	I	They were trying anyway , but it wasn 't working .
tr	I	I wonder what they are really referring to and ' No , he 's not , ' Blake retorts harshly .
tr	O	The door behind them opened and the old man stuck his head out .
tr	I	They are our servants and we are the masters .
tr	I	She admitted it was , but it caught her off-guard .
tr	I	I see her smile and he nods toward Francesca .
tr	O	The knife on the floor was in Jeff 's line of sight and he would be able to see him going for it .
tr	O	He 'd pinned her with his gaze and she could see he wanted her to tell him everything .
tr	I	I doubt we 'll see much of historical interest , but the map shows us coming up on tribal land .
tr	I	If they were both dusted then they both had to pay attention , and he knew Ben was right .
tr	I	The expression on his face was twisted in fright and his eyes were closed .
tr	I	Her heart plummeted to her feet , and she gasped .
tr	I	Caleb shifted to get a better look , and she pointed to the kitchen window , the one that faced the cottage instead of the front lawn .
tr	O	I never meant to call in that particular favor , but I don 't have any choice .
tr	I	At that moment , something inside her snapped , but normally she thought those types of men were sleazy .
tr	O	A row of ramshackle shops lined the waterfront , but La Ruta Maya didn 't seem to consist of much else .
tr	I	I knew he would be perfect for the role and he had caught the essence of the character instantly .
tr	O	He was a wonderful father , but he could be quite moody .
tr	I	A big bump was coming , but the minor bumps were ignored .
tr	I	After a few seconds of grueling thought , he gave up the effort , but he vaguely wondered what she was doing with her other hand .
tr	I	Isaac opens the door , letting the light from the kitchen flood into the stairwell and I shout from the top of the stairs .
tr	I	They would be on their way and he just had to make it through this fight .
tr	O	My eyebrows shot up and I glanced down the length of my body .
tr	O	You could see the Milky Way and every brilliant from above was sparkling .
tr	I	Her eyes scanned the crowd , but she took a drink from her soda .
tr	O	He reached out the take it , but I pulled away before he could .
tr	I	I wondered if he could feel it too , and he sat there for close to an hour .
tr	I	A part of me hopes that you are , but the chances are slim to none .
tr	O	The warrior 's situation hadn 't improved and back-up still hadn 't arrived .
tr	O	I didn 't expect to see the world again , but I was on the opposite shore when I awoke with Fade pounding on my chest .
tr	I	I keep mine fixed on his but his eyes narrow to confusion .
tr	O	Barbie was organizing the books as Cecil and I fed two dogs in the kennel .
tr	O	Yes , I was speeding , but we were in a hurry .
tr	I	He left her behind , but he had the quick impression of her faltering , starting to reach out a hand to stop him .
tr	I	Then it was time for him to leave , and we stayed like that after Carissa drifted away .
tr	O	He motioned toward the waiting SUV and they all walked in that direction .
tr	O	It had to be his imagination , of course , but it seemed to him that Donald looked just as ill at ease as Alvar was himself .
tr	I	I stifled a scream and Heat exploded through my arm .
tr	O	Bo held out his hand and I shook my head .
tr	I	She got a couple in , drawing more of its blood , but the lead bug broke off the chase to avoid her shots .
tr	O	She reached out toward him , and he jumped back as if she was wielding a smoking cattle brand instead of offering a friendly shoulder pat .
tr	I	A few people huddled around it and I could see an open door .
tr	O	I threw open the bar locking it , and heaved on the handle , drawing the door open .
tr	O	Meagan talked to him but he didn 't respond .
tr	O	Two years had passed since their disastrous relationship ended and he still hadn 't let go .
tr	I	The screen flickered on , and he wiggled the mouse .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to ask , but I didn 't know what that meant .
tr	I	This was the safest way to do it and his anger was the first emotion to be dealt with .
tr	O	A heartbeat passed , and then Daemon stood .
tr	O	I cocked a brow at him , but damn it , he was right .
tr	O	I 'm so angry at him and I don 't even know why .
tr	I	Each second had to be lived to the fullest and acted like the whole world could end any minute .
tr	O	It seems Dr. McBride and I will get on just fine .
tr	I	She let them stain the sheets and fresh tears gathered in her eyes .
tr	I	Hart carried her up to bed , and she almost dropped in her tracks from exhaustion .
tr	I	He held my arm , but I reach for the door handle .
tr	I	She pulled our h * ps together and her legs wrapped more firmly around mine .
tr	O	You start getting in deep now and you 'll never get back out .
tr	I	The danger is imminent , but it is not just a possibility .
tr	I	You were gone and I woke up .
tr	O	She had learned more about demons than she thought she ever wanted to know , but she was so scared that her mind couldn 't think .
tr	O	They 'd whispered how much they cared about each other , and afterwards , Noel had told her it had been so special .
tr	O	The plane 's engines started and we headed toward the plane .
tr	I	You 'll find some satisfaction in that , and I 'll be dead .
tr	O	Dusty stares at her , and she coolly returns his look .
tr	I	Now I am possessed of an unusual uncertainty , but I wanted to get off the ground .
tr	O	One finally dropped to his cheek and I felt my own eyes watering .
tr	I	Bill was behind door number two , and there were three doors on the dark , narrow corridor .
tr	O	He thought he had come to terms with being alone , made his peace , but the fact tormented him .
tr	I	He opted instead to stay put , but Jason considered retreating to the hallway .
tr	I	Julia had started and weird , considering the way he .
tr	O	I returned the gesture , and we smiled like fools .
tr	I	It throws me back there again , and all I remember is the pain .
tr	I	Right now , at this second , she was free , but at any moment it would pounce on her .
tr	I	It was plain as day , but Bennett attempted to adjust himself .
tr	I	I 'm no traitor , but you may not like me , Sullivan .
tr	O	It was abandoned after 1922 and no-one has laid claim to it since .
tr	O	Kenny was too busy eating to give much detail and Leah was still steaming .
tr	I	It had only been tabled for the moment , but he 'd helped with my misery , too .
tr	O	Greg 's lower lip trembled and the three backed away .
tr	I	She 'd made Jude instead , but she had been trying to create Noah .
tr	I	I let out a big breath and Sam 's eyes became perfectly round .
tr	O	He glared at me , but my eyes made him smile reluctantly .
tr	I	She found she could breathe again and his rich Cumbrian accent washed over her .
tr	O	My wounds are starting to hurt , and my stomach feels tight .
tr	O	The classroom door clicked open during a moment of silence and naturally , everyone 's attention turned toward the interruption .
tr	I	Steel beams holding up the roof and Des moves around me looking smug as he walks further into a large warehouse that has black walls .
tr	O	My eyes fluttered open and I found myself staring at a white ceiling with a simple light fixture .
tr	O	Less than five minutes later his eyes closed and his face fell .
tr	I	I 'm not going to rebuke it , but it sounded like a threat to me .
tr	O	He focused on something behind me , and I scowled .
tr	I	It wakes me up a little and the water is cold as a slap .
tr	I	I slowly crossed the stones to the other side of the river and I asked as Devin .
tr	O	Losing a parent is excruciating , but somehow , the pain is so much different from losing a child .
tr	I	You 're a unique exception or it looks like you would block it .
tr	O	I figured that could come later , after I 'd been miraculously cleared to have her as a pet and he could leave the farm .
tr	I	The feeling passed , leaving a strange hollowness in its wake , and he breathed deeply for a moment .
tr	O	My gaze went to the trees , and I smiled .
tr	I	He was frozen by her words , but she motioned for him to sit .
tr	I	He took her hand , and ' Well I am , ' he said .
tr	I	Please be home to assist her during the first crucial hours , so she may be dizzy from the change .
tr	I	They had all gotten together to do the same , and there were several other children on the block .
tr	O	Slowly her vision cleared and her motion sickness lifted .
tr	I	He started to feel sick from how nervous he was and his stomach tightened .
tr	O	She was a fierce girl , ferocious , even , but at that moment , she looked completely at peace .
tr	O	He eyed Percy Harrison first and the man seemed to shy away from his gaze .
tr	I	He didn 't come out with it , but she sensed he had something else to say .
tr	O	The power of the blow knocked it sprawling , but the spikes on the ball ripped part of its head off .
tr	O	I loved my father more than anything , but I was still so angry at him for letting her death dictate the rest of our lives .
tr	I	It appeared I had gotten there undetected , but so far I had managed to get the front of my uniform sodden .
tr	O	Humans have their gods and we have the Third Wiseman .
tr	O	He was getting tired from the jarring , but we were close .
tr	I	His men addressed him as such , and even though he was the commander of the army , he was also a prince .
tr	I	He turned away as if surprised by his own words , and the realization of what he 'd said obviously hit him .
tr	O	The slight rasp of hair tickled her fingers and she tentatively moved one hand , enjoying the hard ridge of muscle in his chest .
tr	I	It sure as hell better not be this party , and she said she had a surprise for me .
tr	I	I 'm not in the least bit of a hurry to get there , and Paradise has waited for me since my infancy .
tr	O	Van realized his giddiness could be attributed to the potion and he resisted the urge to swig down more of it .
tr	O	The reality of the situation would most likely hit her soon , but for now it was much easier to not think about it .
tr	O	The darkness set in and Tammy was fast asleep .
tr	O	I could go ask Ben for the keys or I could wait for Meena to come back .
tr	I	He managed to flunk relativity at college and they even took my cousin .
tr	I	That 'll be another boring night for me , and he 's going back to Los Angeles tomorrow .
tr	O	The leader went down on one knee , and the rest of the party followed suit .
tr	O	Magic was enfeebled , and it was all guilt of mine .
tr	I	His handsome face looked weary and his clothes were wrinkled .
tr	O	Jude flinched , but I wouldn 't let him go .
tr	O	Their yard isn 't that big , but he doesn 't look remotely close to being done .
tr	O	Ranma looked at his sister and she looked back at him .
tr	I	I know you deep down inside , but maybe your motives were a bit off .
tr	O	There was something off about the town , and it wasn 't just the fact that my people were missing from it .
tr	I	A new fear had taken root , but Lexi did her best to be mentally present for the dance with Emilio .
tr	I	The smaller man dangled above the floor , and he lifted Heath up into the air .
tr	I	Max 's goon would appear , and that would mean a record .
tr	I	I could hear his heart beating as I lay my head against his chest and he kissed the top of my head .
tr	I	Unlike with other faeries , it didn 't kill me , but it made my head buzz a little with the contact .
tr	I	She liked it , and Samantha Blake 's private room was uncharacteristically crowded .
tr	I	Brushing her hair out of her eyes and raising her head .
tr	O	She even broke the glass window and she wasn 't able to feel any pain .
tr	O	They 're terrified , and I 'm doing this under the radar .
tr	O	She didn 't want to admit it , but she had fallen in love with Cade .
tr	I	That wasn 't going to happen , and he would also have to leave Reece behind .
tr	O	I grinned at her and she rolled her eyes .
tr	O	I 'm as tough as anyone and I can take care of myself .
tr	O	He dragged me against him , and his breath whispered against my ear .
tr	O	It was Aunt Pol , and her voice sounded urgent .
tr	I	Jake moved to hold it for me , and I opened the cab door .
tr	I	The doors close and we shuffle off .
tr	I	I 'm not in the best mood , either , but I really don 't want to be a jerk to some old man .
tr	O	Henry usual y eats at our house a few nights a week , and sometimes he sleeps over .
tr	O	She was determined on alienating you from me , Chloe , but she 's out of our lives now .
tr	I	It melted away , a grim smile splitting the lined face , but a flash of irritation came across the High Inquisitor 's face .
tr	I	Flame is very nice as well , and I 'm getting to know Lily .
tr	I	The peace I need is not there , but you are everything I have ever wanted .
tr	O	My legs burn , but I am beyond that .
tr	I	I told myself it was a good thing , but the thought left me feeling curiously depressed .
tr	O	Yes , he 'd known Walt had killed his wife , but hearing him so callously admit it stunned him .
tr	O	Things just weren 't working out , but they were afraid to increase their allotment without getting a direct approval from the Lord .
tr	O	I opened my eyes and she was trying to staunch the blood from my chest wound .
tr	O	The blinding light retreated and he looked up again .
tr	I	I try to sit up and my eyes suddenly shoot open .
tr	I	The king paused again and there was subdued laughter at this .
tr	O	Someone yelled and she realized it was the aide , barking at her to uncover herself .
tr	I	I won 't , but he thinks I 'm going to leave because the rest of them always do .
tr	I	My time is coming , and I have been here a very long time .
tr	I	There was no evidence of any further tread marks , but Renton glanced in the direction of approach the vehicle should have taken .
tr	I	She was offended if you didn 't ask , but she violently resented being asked to do it .
tr	O	Our baby is growing well and he will get out of the artificial uterus in three months .
tr	I	She suspected he 'd be a big disappointment , and she 'd spend the whole time comparing him to Jake .
tr	I	That somehow worked with his leathery skin , but his left eye didn 't open all the way .
tr	I	It put a weight in my stomach , but his eyes darkened with something I couldn 't name .
tr	O	Jack was always taller , but now he seemed to have at least half a foot on Will .
tr	I	None of the royal guards could find us in this vast garden , and Chamberlain , though an apt swordsman , does not have his sword .
tr	I	His legs are planted wide across the cobblestones as if he means to be exactly where he is , and he is staring too intently .
tr	I	He kept his argument to himself , but Aric 's jaw went tight in response .
tr	I	Then Madame Dabney floated by , but he 'd obviously forgotten that I was also capable of throwing him down those stairs .
tr	O	Diego pulled away enough to look at her , but he kept his arms around her supple waist .
tr	O	My eyes felt moist , and I vowed to myself that no matter how much it hurt , I 'd think of her .
tr	O	I may be sweet to everyone , Rose , but I 'm not going to back down from this .
tr	I	It only fueled my anger and the liquid scorched my insides .
tr	O	Usual y , the emptiness of the quad wouldn 't have bothered me , but tonight , it did .
tr	O	One violent pull apiece from the things and she 'd be in the alien garbage .
tr	I	Of course it 's locked , but Ben tries the handle anyway .
tr	I	They had liked him , and he had liked his teachers .
tr	I	My first instinct is to lash out , and it 's a fearsome , demonic face .
tr	I	This is Harper Sinclair and I 'm Brooke Palmer .
tr	I	She didn 't care at this point , but that sounded a bit pathetic .
tr	O	His fingers curled around her wrist , and he lifted her arm so that he could see the wound .
tr	O	The others followed in turn , and they all did better than Tavi had .
tr	O	I peered inside the envelope at two first class flight tickets , and all blood drained from my face .
tr	O	Ted tried to smile , but he couldn 't manage it .
tr	O	I looked for the tall man , but he wasn 't at the cemetery .
tr	O	Add the crooked line of his nose and she wished that Henry wasn 't in the room .
tr	O	I did not know , but whatever was going on , her special abilities had ruined any possible resemblance of a normal life .
tr	I	Her father 's door stood partially open , and the assistant 's desk was at least momentarily unoccupied .
tr	O	My dignified stare silenced him , and then I went on .
tr	O	The forest was serene , but if he did not leave by nightfall , then the real predators would hunt him .
tr	O	I didn 't see what it was , but it smelled like heaven on a plate .
tr	I	I don 't think he 's giving her the attention he used to , but my mom covers it well .
tr	O	It was hanging from one of the joists like a great big flowery bat -- and it was empty .
tr	O	I was hungrier than I thought , and I clear my plate .
tr	I	Ashes hid the once blue color , and the whites were now black .
tr	O	We need information before they move on , or we 're going to be out of luck .
tr	O	He meditated on these words , but the calm did not last .
tr	O	This man was trying to attack us , but he 's not in a good way now .
tr	O	That made no sense to her and she wasn 't even going to waste time trying to force it to make sense either .
tr	O	I didn 't want to listen to her , but I was hoping to get some more information on her plans .
tr	O	She hadn 't worn the engagement ring long , but her hand looked strange without it now .
tr	I	We had fared far worse but both sides had suffered losses .
tr	O	Mary , I thought I was beyond any emotional reaction , but that chokes me up .
tr	O	He crossed the room , his body looking relieved , but his face looked wary .
tr	O	Because if my mother is here , she is unable to answer and I don 't want to speculate on why that might be .
tr	I	I 'm out of time and the enemy is upon us .
tr	O	I made sense and she knew it .
tr	I	You can join your furry friends , and how about we call this quits .
tr	I	His skin had taken on a waxy sheen and he 'd been sick so long his eyes sat deep in their sockets .
tr	O	Spring semester started a few weeks ago and I swear I have yet to learn anything because I can 't seem to concentrate .
tr	O	I don 't know if I will ever be close with them , but at least they could still be a small part of my life .
tr	I	Not being able to see him was a thousand times worse , but it was bad enough not being able to be with him .
tr	I	I couldn 't permit it , and even to be suspected of a murder he hadn 't committed was an awful thing .
tr	O	My head is in a weird place , and I think it 's because I haven 't been able to shake Warner 's story from my mind .
tr	O	Faye just thought she might just get away with this as she helped Gabriella to her feet , but it was not to be .
tr	O	She welcomed the warmth of the large fireplace and after a while , took her jacket off .
tr	I	He didn 't give a damn , but his pride was in tatters .
tr	I	Memories of their argument the other night followed , and the sound of his voice brought her back .
tr	O	I ran up the steps , and she threw her arms around my neck .
tr	I	She went back to reading , and Andrew didn 't answer her message .
tr	I	He didn 't walk off either , yet he didn 't say a word .
tr	O	I felt liked someone kicked me in the gut , but Ashland didn 't seem to notice .
tr	I	The force of his personality was daunting , but he left the decision completely up to her .
tr	I	They sat , giving him the space to reflect on the loss of his friend and she finished dressing the wound .
tr	O	It was the last train back from Grand Central , but there were still a bunch of people on board .
tr	I	We both froze and I leaped back .
tr	O	I 'll introduce you to the bankers and we can transact our business there .
tr	O	Barnes was shouting over everyone else , shouting for quiet , but no one paid any attention until the lights in the habitat went out .
tr	I	You 're a big part of them , and I 've got plans , big plans .
tr	I	He was too strong , but she pulled resisting him .
tr	O	Jenny enjoyed preparing the food for him , and again she thought what an unlikely pair they made .
tr	O	They took hands , the living with the dead , and they began to dance .
tr	I	It came close enough to make it scary , but it wasn 't tall enough to reach them .
tr	I	The mother follows with an apology , and a small boy zips across the sidewalk , nearly plowing into Courtney .
tr	O	I wanted to tell you who I was for so long , but I was forbidden to disclose my true identity by my father .
tr	O	The third bounce was pretty tiny , not much elevation , but it did look like a third bounce .
tr	O	His crimson hair had been spiked up so it didn 't look quite as disheveled , and his shoulders filled out the jacket he wore .
tr	O	He 'd free himself eventually , of that I was certain , but he only needed to stay put for a little while longer .
tr	I	Though she cared about him deeply , she wanted to remain where she was , and she said that he would understand one day .
tr	O	Balthazar raised a hand to her in greeting , but she stopped in her tracks as if startled .
tr	I	At the moment it didn 't matter , but the aliens didn 't seem to understand what she 'd said .
tr	O	The Captain 's eyebrows went up , but he said nothing , only stared intently at the icon on the screen .
tr	I	She effortlessly kept the conversation going , and Barbara had always been a talker .
tr	I	I stop him by finally making eye contact , but he moves to sit down next to me .
tr	I	She didn 't like knowing that this particular one existed , but she 'd seen enough things to know that monsters were real .
tr	O	Okay she was , but it was different .
tr	O	He stroked her hair , but he did not have say anything .
tr	O	He had become involved with the wrong people , or he 'd started doing something illegal .
tr	O	There was a rattle , and Bridget arrived with a tea tray , sparing Charlotte the need to answer .
tr	I	He welcomed the pain , but his body ached with painful arousal .
tr	I	Heat slammed through him , and his big body shuddered .
tr	I	The blinds were broken , and there was paint peeling on the walls .
tr	I	I knocked on the door , and I arrived at her place .
tr	I	The echoes will follow me through the turns , and it is , at base , a significant one .
tr	O	Stephanie was seated next to Jackson and he had his hand still tightly grasping hers .
tr	O	Rich looked to Jamie for confirmation , but he couldn 't read her thoughts .
tr	O	The switches continued to beat , but Egwene was growing numb .
tr	I	I shook my head and Xavier studied my face .
tr	O	It hurt , and they broke my clarinet .
tr	O	Miranda 's mouth fel open and she looked at Kylie as if waiting for her to rebuke Del a 's claim .
tr	O	I just looked back at her , and I was looking so hard that I forgot to think about what my expression was .
tr	O	There was too much of her to take in at once , and my eyes were everywhere , trying to drink in every detail .
tr	O	That one goes by Johnny , and he isn 't to be messed with .
tr	O	I shook my head , but I were smiling too .
tr	O	I turned my head , and our gazes locked .
tr	O	Buster was sent to get them and eventually they started drifting in .
tr	O	He slowly turned his head to look at me , and the smile was back on his lips .
tr	O	Grandfather fell in love with her , and they were married in Mexico City .
tr	I	He was expecting your call , but Mr. Summers is in a meeting .
tr	I	She remembered well the lessons she 'd learned , and her father had taught her .
tr	I	The lights went out and the bus jerked forward .
tr	O	The ones back home hadn 't paid much attention to me , and here was Evan , totally hot , complimenting me .
tr	I	I have to talk to you , but he 's afraid of you .
tr	I	Hated feeling ignorant , and she had never been a very patient person .
tr	O	Not so loud that any passing guards could hear , but loud enough to make him turn even pinker .
tr	O	We changed out the battery , and I topped it off with gas .
tr	O	We heard the head cleric walking off and I could hear a door on the side of the building opening .
tr	I	He didn 't think he could stand it , and Dear God , it was the last time .
tr	I	She blushed once again and she was startled by the heat , the force of his gaze .
tr	I	He felt the power inherent in its form , but it was not nearly as elegant as his mother 's work .
tr	I	She squirmed a little and one dark eyebrow lifted .
tr	O	Suddenly , I didn 't care if Ollie heard , but I didn 't have an opportunity to say anything else .
tr	I	Of the numerous conversions he had made throughout the Empire , and they talked extensively of his travels , apparently many more than I had imagined .
tr	I	Each moved in big crowds with the others , but they didn 't appear to have wills of their own .
tr	O	That governess may look like a heathen , but she keeps Miss Miriam 's things tidier than many would in her place .
tr	O	Thomas ' gaze dropped to the floor and he sat down on the bed again .
tr	O	I 'd hit absolute rock bottom , and I hated myself .
tr	I	I licked the golden goodness of my fingers and the lid was sticky with its sweetness .
tr	I	He 'd noted the implied menace but Brady had refused to be intimidated .
tr	O	This assignment is mostly for fun , but I believe we all have a chance to learn a great deal by it , including me .
tr	O	Get himself and Nicole settled in a place they could call home .
tr	O	She turned and Max stood in the doorway of the parlor .
tr	I	Michael 's muscles ached from the strain , and the man was heavy .
tr	I	I realized I 'd taken that from him and he had looked so hopeful for a few seconds .
tr	I	Dylan shook his head , but she opened her mouth to argue .
tr	O	We didn 't talk about the looming possibility , but I felt I could always sense the chill of the shadow it cast over us .
tr	I	He set her on her feet , and finally Jaxon pushed away from him .
tr	I	She would never purposely do anything to hurt her , but she might think Marissa 's a cold bitch .
tr	O	Landon rested his hand on it and she saw him start .
tr	O	Now Jane is sitting in his lap and he can feel her up against him .
tr	I	This time his tone had softened somewhat , but after a moment , Byrnes spoke again .
tr	O	I can 't say as I understand a bit of this situation but it 's certainly remarkable .
tr	O	I walked into the nursery , and Ellery was up on the ladder .
tr	I	A warm body curled up against him , and Ryo woke gently , with warm sunlight pressing against his eyelids .
tr	I	I preferred not to reveal my ignorance to girls I hardly knew , but if Fade was here , I 'd look to him for clarification .
tr	I	I can still hear it whistling through the air as he brings it down over my head , but I close my eyes .
tr	O	He wasn 't going to call me back , and I didn 't blame him .
tr	O	Shaking her head , she focused on his eyes instead of how wonderful and spicy he smelled .
tr	I	I squinted to keep from crying , and I winced at the sudden rush of emotion now that the adrenaline was leaving me .
tr	I	Michaels had paused there briefly to complete his remark and they had come to the top of the escalator .
tr	I	A sizzling corpse amidst a pile of debris and he saw the dead guards immediately .
tr	I	Everyone went home and they stumbled out of the lab .
tr	O	She had finally found a man she wanted and she 'd lost him before she had him .
tr	I	His father left it to him , and deep down I know he does .
tr	O	I 'd never seen a young beautiful one and I was stunned by her appearence .
tr	I	Hopefully he would hear her words and Kate decided to just start talking .
tr	O	Calliope 's wicked laughter reverberated through the cavern , and I stopped struggling .
tr	O	The innkeeper had kept refilling her glass and she had kept drinking .
tr	I	We can dust it for prints in the morning , and I 'll get the print kit from my office .
tr	I	A slight flush spread up his cheeks and his face tightened .
tr	I	I clutched at my head desperately as it faded into nothing and my legs weakened .
tr	O	He knew the Center couldn 't afford to run all the necessary tests , and Bradley loved a challenge .
tr	I	Dan had thought it was a great joke too and he had even heard Martin joking about it with Dan later that day .
tr	I	I walked toward the painter 's wife , Caridad and the rice was appearing from out of the water .
tr	O	She kept looking around for any signs of anyone , but there was not a single soul in the vicinity .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I wanted to say the other things , the bigger pickle things .
tr	O	It sounded too goddamn much like good-bye and he couldn 't stand it .
tr	I	He loved to eat and she loved to cook .
tr	O	Before when she touched him , it felt like heaven , but now her fear spiked intensely through his own nerves .
tr	O	She doesn 't usually permit interviews , but she 's made an exception today .
tr	I	He was looking straight at the heels of the Hunter 's muddy brown boots , and the door to the potion cupboard had been thrown wide open .
tr	I	He didn 't think this was planned out , but Adelaide probably had something to do with it .
tr	I	I could smell her long hair , and we laid there for a moment .
tr	I	Silence was everywhere , but doors opened .
tr	O	I opened my eyes and I was no longer on the floor of my room .
tr	I	He checks the text , and his phone goes off .
tr	O	I had my back to the truck and I didn 't see anyone in front of me .
tr	O	He had accepted it , and now we were brothers .
tr	O	Her voice was soft as she spoke with her friend , and Megan splashed her a little .
tr	I	You 're willing to give me a second chance and you 've forgiven me .
tr	O	He shirked it off like it didn 't hurt but the expression on his face wasn 't as convincing .
tr	O	That the guy just put you through a test and you failed .
tr	O	When Hadley hit puberty , the picture changed ; but I had some good memories of my cousin .
tr	O	One foot clipped him , in the knee , I think , but it was more of a glancing blow than a direct hit .
tr	O	I know I should move but I don 't .
tr	I	She opened a savings account for Kel and we set aside more for our college funds .
tr	I	The horse fared far worse , yet Viktor landed hard on his head .
tr	O	Personal injury was one thing , but an invasion of his principality was quite another .
tr	O	You are not responsible for any of this , and you never could have been .
tr	I	It fell straight on his head as he was passing by and with a godly stroke of luck it broke off the nest .
tr	I	I could always make more in the New York lab before we left and we had more than enough filament to do that .
tr	I	He could hear the heavy sound of the doors opening and his hand was taken .
tr	O	I 'm going to Boston and you can 't stop me .
tr	I	Her feet were starting to burn when she heard a soft thud behind her and the sand was hot .
tr	I	I don 't think she meant it , but Miriam said it 's just wishful thinking .
tr	O	I grunted at the effort of holding them both in the air , but the strength was there .
tr	I	I 'm not sure , but I think I heard him right .
tr	O	I tried to deny my heavy lids the ability to shut , but they kept winning the battle .
tr	I	I could tell he was walking away and the sound of his voice got quieter .
tr	O	I 'm yelling for both guys to stop , but they seem bent on killing each other .
tr	I	I stood up , backing away and Elle grabbed the back of my shirt .
tr	I	I admired how much he adored his daughter , and he 'd lost his wife , from what Peyton told me .
tr	O	He heard the board snap , and men yelled .
tr	I	Yet the emotion felt strange - separate , somehow , and that warmth was delicious .
tr	I	There wouldn 't have been any reason for her to return to work and she was getting paid .
tr	I	I ended up in James 's house , and I needed to get away .
tr	I	I wasn 't awake and I wasn 't asleep .
tr	O	Lincoln was dead by someone else 's hand , and the country was recovering from a brutal war .
tr	I	The guy kept his arm around her , but Ivy pulled her back just a little .
tr	I	For once she didn 't argue , but she gave him a doubting stare .
tr	I	He looked so determined that she felt she had to try and as the rain pelted them she stared up into his face .
tr	O	I have questions that I want answers to and this man held those answers .
tr	O	Silas was put to work laying the table to take his mind off things , and the Message Rat was invited to supper .
tr	I	Things are so different now , but I would like to think so .
tr	I	He saw that Torin had indeed returned , and now he stood in Torin 's doorway .
tr	I	I quickly close the gap between us and he turns his face back to me .
tr	O	I didn 't really want to go , but if I stayed , I 'd have to explain why to my parents , especially Dad .
tr	O	Yes , she was a virgin , but she never wanted to look like she wanted to get laid -- ever !
tr	I	She would keep it a private issue between them as long as she could but he might force her to make them in the very near future .
tr	I	We collide into one another , and I race over to Gage .
tr	I	I bit my tongue , but I wanted to tell him how much I would miss him .
tr	I	Vin could barely hear his words , but he stepped forward .
tr	O	He had gang tattoos , but Barr didn 't recognize them .
tr	O	The whole tale didn 't sit well with Frank , and it jogged his memory about his arrival the night before .
tr	O	Sophie offered to use her car and I wasn 't going to argue .
tr	I	She smiled back at him and he gave her a meaningful glance .
tr	O	They did what they wanted , when they wanted and nobody could tell them otherwise .
tr	I	The chair kept me locked in place , but I wanted to put my head down .
tr	O	He watched the first ball go by him , and the umpire signaled a strike .
tr	I	She lost all thought , and his lips closed around her nipple .
tr	O	A headache began to bloom behind my eyes and I grabbed my coffee , convinced I needed more caffeine in my system .
tr	O	Her hair was as wild as the rest of her , and Julia literally couldn 't see straight .
tr	O	I wanted answers , and I wanted them before David changed his mind .
tr	I	I was going to take whatever I could get , but I didn 't like the sound of his preamble .
tr	O	She smiled , but Allie couldn 't tell whether it was sincere .
tr	O	He smiled , and Louisa felt a responding glow of pleasure .
tr	O	We 're still waiting on a few test results but you 're welcome to go see her .
tr	I	I 'm not sure I ever would have been prepared for it , but I 'd been braced for this truth .
tr	I	They get it all from the Demons , but there are a few mortals who can do magic .
tr	I	Jack closed his eyes , and the shrieking grew louder .
tr	O	Every night looters tried to break in and Dad did what he needed to do .
tr	O	The idea of a big hairy spider watching me , or worse yet , getting tangled in my hair , made me shudder .
tr	I	He 'd said he 'd nearly died that night , and the odds here were half as good as that .
tr	I	No words came out , but Dante 's mouth opened .
tr	O	The beeping of his phone told him either the call was dropped , or his agent had hung up on him .
tr	I	He was having none of that but she kissed him softly .
tr	I	He didn 't like standing out here with her , but it was broad daylight , not even noon .
tr	O	I started to turn away and a thought tugged at me .
tr	O	I nuzzled her neck and she mentally shrieked .
tr	O	His tone was pleading but Grace was just pissed .
tr	O	The food did not go bad that quickly , and Peter was not picky , so he did .
tr	I	She nodded her satisfaction , and small adjustments were made .
tr	I	That gentle action was breaking my resolve , but I had worked myself up .
tr	I	Silence fell , and her British reserve forced her to hold her tongue .
tr	I	The Swimmer female came up to her from the deeps , and Crista dangled from the kelp .
tr	I	I tried to pretend my empty stomach was somehow causing it , but I still felt a little uncomfortable when my chest started aching .
tr	I	He kept going , not realizing that it was me protesting , not Blanche , but shocked , I pushed against him with my free hand .
tr	O	We weren 't alone in the lobby but none of the people around us were young enough to attend our school .
tr	O	The Kraken was below them now , about thirty degrees below the horizon , but it was so huge that it was behind them as well .
tr	O	He conjures a portal and we walk through it .
tr	O	His voice was little more than a breath , yet it sounded as if he were in pain .
tr	O	The old Deckard Blaine might have given the matter more concern , but the change that he had undergone had left him more detached .
tr	I	Annie could guarantee Vegas was a whole lot more exciting than touring some museum , but Vance might think Rome was fun .
tr	I	There was blood soaked into the sheets and the wound had opened while they slept .
tr	I	The source of it -- Ken -- collapsed at the top of the landing , and Sounds of gasping made their way up the stairs .
tr	I	There was no other alternative , but he 'd gone in shooting .
tr	O	I wasn 't alive , but I wasn 't altogether dead , either .
tr	I	He handed it back to LK , and a slight spark leapt into it .
tr	O	They drove the few miles to the medical center , and then Rosa settled the kids in the waiting room .
tr	I	Dana was on a trip to Europe , and he was working at the Institution again .
tr	O	Ian would approve , and he would have insisted on the marriage after their intimacies .
tr	I	Slowly , slowly , slowly started to fall and there was a creaking sound as the cabinet tipped on its side .
tr	I	There was no such luck , but I made a mad dash toward it , hoping he 'd have somehow miraculously forgotten our lesson .
tr	I	I can 't get my feet to move , but I start toward him .
tr	I	The celebration half a bar away instantly died down , and I put my arm around her .
tr	O	The most beautiful boy in the world was in my grasp for a scant second and I wasn 't strong enough to hold onto him .
tr	O	There was a cracking noise from where the lightening had struck , and the bank started to give way .
tr	I	I relaxed in his arms and my eyes closed .
tr	I	He 's pious and he 's clever .
tr	I	The swirl quickened and a hum sounded .
tr	O	Pleasure curled in Zane 's groin , but it was joined by another curl , deep in his chest .
tr	I	Greg agreed with the engineers in doubting it , but it was possible Hartley could do that wherever he was on the ship .
tr	O	He had found her , but he was too late .
tr	I	Two of these crowded the clergyman against the wall , pinning him there , and three others followed .
tr	I	She didn 't dare , but Mona wanted to reach for one of her hands .
tr	I	Wesley groaned , and I said .
tr	O	Karen moved to Lea 's left , and Lea attacked with a left jab .
tr	O	He 's shaking all over and he 's breathing really fast .
tr	O	The only other one of my friends with a license is Wyatt , but he 's out of town visiting his grandma .
tr	I	Kellen cleared the corners and they stopped at the entrance to the stairs .
tr	I	In a flash he realized the pillars were petrified trees , and as he got closer , he noticed the pillar was textured like bark .
tr	O	Henry hesitated , and my mother 's grip on my hand tightened .
tr	I	The audience cheered and he dipped me down , continuing the kiss .
tr	O	Their audience shifted uncomfortably and Cade 's smile faded .
tr	O	For a moment , she thought Ellie might refuse , but then the girl 's hand snaked around Mina 's collar .
tr	I	Her mouth fell open in horror , and her gaze snagged on a trail of blood .
tr	I	The expression was lost as he rubbed his hand over his face , but for a moment he looked like he regretted saying it .
tr	O	He was there all night and I felt him watching me .
tr	I	He was just as excited as everyone else , and it was getting close to the time they would go to space .
tr	O	I felt as if I 'd been waiting forever , and now it seemed I had to wait even longer .
tr	O	she shrieked , and I ducked a spell aiming for me .
tr	O	It did not look nearly fast enough to outrun bullets , and it did not appear at first glance to have any weapons .
tr	I	She had not been booted to the curb either , but it had not been inviting .
tr	O	I ram as hard as I can against his chest and he staggers back enough for me to break away .
tr	O	Lothar motioned to the opening and she gazed in the direction .
tr	I	She 's a target , being my only daughter , but she 's determined to make it on her own .
tr	I	She swallowed hard , and then she registered how those eyes looked at her .
tr	O	A crash came to his ears , but he could not tell if it was from the downstairs hallway .
tr	I	Lights everywhere went off with jarring loudness and it squealed out an alarm .
tr	O	My mum always said I was smart , if only I would apply myself , but I just couldn 't see the point .
tr	O	I know not yet what this part will be but it will be by our aegis to raise wisdom .
tr	I	The scream Trevor asked for was lodged somewhere beneath all the disbelief in my chest , but Rowan laughed when I jumped .
tr	I	Maybe it was thoughtfulness or Grandpa spoke with caution .
tr	O	I felt his tongue against my lips , but he didn 't press inside .
tr	O	A fire burns from the middle of the cave , but no one surrounds it .
tr	O	The store wasn 't very large , but thankfully the order of chicken had come through .
tr	O	An array of tools is piled by his feet and jumper cables connect the GTO 's battery to the Camaro 's .
tr	O	My hand hovered over her head to touch her roughly cut hair , but instead I just pulled the sheet up to cover her naked legs .
tr	O	He kissed her on the lips and she responded .
tr	O	A shot rang out and he feared the worst .
tr	O	She didn 't begrudge him his fleeting youth , yet his sense of duty was more of a burden than a help .
tr	O	I tried pushing energy into my hands , but again nothing happened .
tr	I	Lily was having a ball and Dad was proud .
tr	O	He did not seem in a hurry , but he continued to bellow as he walked .
tr	O	Her soothing manner masked a businesslike grip , however , and George was carted off .
tr	O	I lunged at her , and for a second my hands tingled as instead of grasping her they passed through air as thick as gelatine .
tr	I	Finding nothing , they then came into my sitting room , but they rushed around in there .
tr	O	They did falter slightly when they saw that huge desert of glistening sand lying below them , however , and I could almost smell their overwhelming greed .
tr	O	CHAPTER 9 Not only was Jackie my best friend , but she was also the best detective in the office .
tr	I	He nodded in greeting , and Kadar passed us next .
tr	O	Rob jerked forward , but I stayed still .
tr	I	He somehow sees it and there stood a chance .
tr	I	I didn 't drown and Trent held my hand .
tr	O	It felt as though it was bursting out of her chest , and she was convinced everyone else would be able to hear it too .
tr	O	This weren 't a battle I had a place in , and I were set to watch my friend die for it .
tr	O	It had felt good to tell someone the truth , but now that he was finished , he was afraid .
tr	I	He was not going to let her out but her displeasure was obvious as she tried to push away .
tr	O	She loved everyone tonight , but they deserved it most , because they had seen what a wonderful guy Matt was .
tr	O	A couple of times Fred looked at me like he had something he wanted to say , but each time he seemed to change his mind .
tr	O	Ollie made a very uncharacteristic noise , and he squeezed his hands into fists .
tr	O	His head tipped back , and he let out a deep laugh .
tr	O	All of them were headed for months of hardship in the west , and many of them would never return .
tr	O	I wanted to believe that he was a decent man , but I should 've known that he was what he was : a man .
tr	O	Cassie tried to frown at him but she found herself unable to resist his easy smile .
tr	O	He wanted to talk and that usually didn 't bode for good news .
tr	I	I didn 't want to pretend that I was and I wasn 't him anymore .
tr	I	We hated their stories and they loved writing about us .
tr	O	I 've got good friends here , and now I 've got a new son .
tr	I	The office shuddered , and a muffled boom sounded from somewhere far below .
tr	O	Sera laughed , and Dak loved the sound of it .
tr	O	It just completely stops , and I like that feeling .
tr	I	It seldom bothered me , and I was used to being by myself .
tr	O	Her horses were also ready for exercise , and she took pride in her driving skills .
tr	O	Her mother didn 't sound upset , though , and that was reassuring .
tr	I	Already the guys were checking her out and we 'd only been here five minutes .
tr	O	His eyes were open , locked on mine , but I didn 't think he saw me .
tr	I	Apparently , they had to walk the last distance and they were standing at the bottom of a hill .
tr	I	Helen wasn 't even pretending but Alice half-heartedly pushed on the weights .
tr	O	She made it to her own class right as the tardy bell rung , and she took a seat next to Chelsea .
tr	O	Arthur redoubled his struggles , but he knew he was at his end .
tr	O	Tanner is the only guy in their small knit group that has a girlfriend and he takes a lot of shit from the guys about it .
tr	I	She froze and the flat of that palm slammed across her rear .
tr	I	I believe him , and he told me that his parents killed each other .
tr	I	Maybe she shouldn 't be experimenting now , and she hadn 't .
tr	I	She leaped to her feet and his mother 's jaw dropped .
tr	O	We get magic to protect us , but it can be broken by a demon 's charm .
tr	O	I didn 't like it ... but I had gotten used to it .
tr	I	I already knew they were gone , but I tried to find my knives .
tr	O	He releases his hold on my arm but I can still feel his touch there .
tr	I	His eyes are closed and I can tell from the way his arm is thrown up over his head .
tr	I	I sucked in a breath , and her chest pressed against mine .
tr	O	You could search for me throughout the city if you like , but I wouldn 't recommend it .
tr	I	He shakes his head slightly , but I plead with my eyes .
tr	O	It was an effect that I couldn 't control and I couldn 't ignore .
tr	I	I didn 't bother to answer , but I dimly heard their voices calling me from time to time .
tr	I	The cut absorbed it , and Connor pressed the dagger to the small cut .
tr	I	Her job depended on passing it and perhaps she had been assigned to work with him as a sort of test .
tr	I	That was okay , but she wasn 't one to feel sorry for people .
tr	O	It 's like he is a fish and this scandalous world of his is water .
tr	I	Dirge was too close for another charge , so she began waddling forward , tossing her head and Poe was slow to turn .
tr	I	Iain walked in as if he owned the place and the door to her suite opened .
tr	O	This went on for a few seconds , and when she had enough of it she started running towards him in an instant .
tr	I	It was gone before I could figure out what it was , but an odd look flickered over his face .
tr	I	I didn 't doubt the Alchemists would soon have them all monitored , and there were a number of exits .
tr	I	There would be no sleep for him tonight , but they would spend the night on the ship .
tr	O	If the Jeep couldn 't pull back up the slight incline , Chuck would engage the four-wheel drive and that would get them back on the asphalt .
tr	O	Ella knew she had said too much , but she couldn 't seem to stop .
tr	I	I turn to Eddie and when the bell rings , the class begins to file out .
tr	O	There was only a short wait inside , and as the hostess led us to our table , we passed the dessert case .
tr	O	She was a nice girl , but the intense way she studied him was more than a little unsettling .
tr	O	He wanted better for Lucia than he 'd had and already her start had been so far from normal .
tr	I	She anticipated his question , but Jesse started to speak .
tr	O	It was a lot of work to get here , and I 'd succeeded .
tr	O	I didn 't know much about art , but I could see the raw emotion in his paintings .
tr	O	Her eyes squeezed shut , and the pleasure swamped her .
tr	I	He quickly looked away , and our eyes met .
tr	I	His body was throbbing and his heart was racing .
tr	I	They left the room and Nicholas said a few words of magic waving his hands toward the ceiling .
tr	I	Isaac Payson was long dead , and I was an adult now .
tr	O	It ´ s about five times the size of my room and it ´ s only his walk-in closet .
tr	O	Father Joseph meant what he said and it gave me a very warm feeling to know he meant it .
tr	I	It made me feel unaccountably sad , and it was an expression I 'd never seen on the confident Eric 's face before .
tr	I	He also knew there was little chance of getting the matter before the jury , and Fitch knew about the aborted nuptials .
tr	O	I don 't know what time Nicole got up this morning , but when I woke up , she was nowhere in the house .
tr	O	He knows everything you 're planning , and I guarantee you he 's here to stop it .
tr	O	Somewhere in his tale her interest sharpened and she became very businesslike , asking pointed questions , preparing plans .
tr	O	There are the two wisest of us who know every answer to every question , but they don 't speak .
tr	I	They walk away as the train pulls in behind them , and the irony is lost on the jock .
tr	O	I heard Owens let out a breath , and I watched as the mother came out .
tr	I	Theresa sat down opposite him , and he motioned to the table .
tr	I	Garrett closed his eyes , sighing inwardly , and one of his hands came up to stroke that reddish gold hair of hers .
tr	O	Our mythology is based on a solider reality than we dream : but it is also at an almost infinite distance from that base .
tr	O	They overpaid for my services and we got by .
tr	O	I ran my hands quickly across my body expecting to find her breasts , her fat , but all was normal .
tr	I	The boat rocked , enveloped in the mist , and Water lapped against it .
tr	O	Johnny gave me a kiss goodbye and I was stepping lively toward a group of friends I saw standing just outside the front door of the schoolhouse .
tr	O	I could barely keep up , but after I got over the slight annoyance at her wearing out my cell , I loved it .
tr	O	He adores me and he always gives me what I want .
tr	O	Pirro dropped the flowers , and the glass shattered .
tr	O	They were showing signs of transforming into wolves and it reminded me of the old lady in the cabin at Moon 's arena .
tr	O	I reach behind me , and my fingers wrap around the gun .
tr	I	I dodged with only a split second to spare and another one of his brutal kicks got through my block .
tr	I	At once the first , with scythe raised , went up in flames , but it seemed a rude circle sought to close .
tr	I	There were a few dim lights , but most of the windows were dark .
tr	O	The fakes are in place and there is no computer trail .
tr	I	The phrasing was applicable regardless , but his intended meaning was different .
tr	I	They were quickly seated since it was a Monday night and he drove to a small Italian restaurant close by the office .
tr	O	Beth opens her mouth to continue , but I cut her off .
tr	O	It had started to snow and the wind was threatening to drift the snow against the buildings .
tr	I	This time the dynamics were different but he didn 't remember having felt the need to fill a space with sound to feel comfortable .
tr	O	His voice sounded drowsy , and his eyelids looked heavy .
tr	I	I took my seat and he winked at me .
tr	O	There was blood everywhere , an ever-increasing red patch in the freshly fallen snow , and Miller could already feel himself getting weaker .
tr	I	I 'm sure you know that , but he loved you .
tr	O	Cain saw a string of events , and while there were fleeting glimpses of others , the only constant at Rory 's side was her grandmother .
tr	I	Cate would be more comfortable on the rough mattress , but he could sleep on the ground , rolled up in his blanket .
tr	O	He looked up and his mother was staring at him with a blank expression .
tr	O	It is late , and I should sleep .
tr	I	He found himself hardly able to think , and he breath echoed heavily in his ears .
tr	I	He 'd stuck the chocolates in the fridge and the roses were wilting in a vase on the mantel .
tr	O	Mona Rossi was closer to sixty than fifty , but you 'd never know it from looking at her .
tr	I	Gage jumped up , punching a fist into the air , and the crowd cheered .
tr	O	The radiation seeped into my living area and it stunk .
tr	O	The memories flood my mind , but each happy moment dissolves , slipping into a spiral of sadness .
tr	I	Midnight as she walked in the door and * * * Kate greeted the dogs .
tr	O	I clasped my hands around his neck , but his words hadn 't escaped my notice .
tr	I	I can tell from her expression that she is seriously considering what we are telling her and Casey stares at us .
tr	O	I was tired of hurting and I knew one thing that would take my mind away from all the pain .
tr	O	My heart was beating harder than ever , but I managed to keep my voice level .
tr	I	I rubbed it and my head hurt .
tr	I	He told them what Pat had said , and they rode up .
tr	O	Everyone in Oklahoma seems very nice , and it 's much warmer than Chicago .
tr	I	Her lashes were swept down against her pale cheeks and her red hair was laid out across the pillow .
tr	O	Once at the access point , he called to the Guardsmen on duty , but nothing returned .
tr	O	Her lips drooped as she gathered up her purse , but she didn 't waste any time in getting herself out the front door .
tr	I	A couple of men walked in and right then the cabin door opened .
tr	I	They turned to make their way back , and he gave a short nod .
tr	O	Being in the house again had hurt and I had a sudden appreciation of just how hard it was for Josh .
tr	I	His brows narrowed and their gazes met .
tr	I	I will , and I will find you .
tr	I	I paid for the other half and the company paid for half of the remodel project .
tr	O	It 's as tall as a table lamp , and this startles me .
tr	O	Both my siblings had children by the time they hit nineteen , but they were determined that wasn 't going to be me .
tr	O	I hated leaving Pete in such bad condition , but I knew he 'd taken care of himself in worse conditions .
tr	O	We will get more men up there , but it 's going to take them longer .
tr	O	I didn 't ask for any of this , but it 's pretty low for you to attack my phobias when yours are just as irrational .
tr	I	Gavin appeared in the doorway and her attention shifted to the trailer as the door flew open .
tr	I	I can 't come up with a plausible explanation , and I 've been racking my brain for months .
tr	I	Two others were playing pool in a recreation room on the first floor toward the back of the house , and Bruce was right behind him .
tr	I	The second was what she 'd discovered on his computer and the first was the fact that she was pregnant .
tr	O	Snow crunches beneath my boots , but the restless stomping of the horses obscures it .
tr	I	It 's remarkable , but it 's got nothing to do with what we came here for .
tr	O	He 's always had that way about him ; which was fine when we were friends , but now it just makes the situation more dangerous .
tr	I	Ye should have seen his face in that room , but T is alright talking about it here in the light .
tr	O	My head was pounding and my limbs were trembling .
tr	O	I 've been given absolute authority to guard your butt in any way I see fit and I 'm going to do it .
tr	I	My heart beat fast and my stomach tightened .
tr	I	I something inside of me cracked , but I couldn 't see him through the tinted glass .
tr	I	I didn 't care how it got like that , and the dress was just a dress .
tr	I	He spoke around it but Brandon had just taken a bite of his wife 's bagel .
tr	I	He took her hand , but he was still unsure .
tr	I	He simply nodded toward the group , but she gave him a questioning glance .
tr	O	I wasn 't ready , and I doubted a year of training would really prepare me .
tr	O	He sat down , and as I took off my coat , I noticed his eyes drifting to the increasingly obvious bulge in my stomach .
tr	I	I do know she is a nice person , but I don 't know Nicole all that well .
tr	I	He 'd never really know , but maybe seeing Duncan had jump - started the other part of his dark power , the uncontrolled part .
tr	O	Her phone needed charging , but as soon as that was accomplished , Dawn intended to find Sara 's address .
tr	O	It used to be the home ground of the local football team , but they 'd moved to a new , purpose-built stadium some years ago .
tr	O	Seth moved fast , possibly faster than Aiden , and now he was back in my personal space .
tr	O	He , d loved it in the photographs online but nothing had prepared him for its solemn grandeur .
tr	I	His thrusters were permanently bent downwards , but he tried to change his direction .
tr	I	He put it in the inside pocket of his jacket , and I handed him the white envelop Tino had given me .
tr	O	Something was engraved on the band , but I couldn 't make it out .
tr	I	It 's difficult , but Lila I 'm trying to be strong .
tr	O	We were headed back to the desert and I had let Harlow pick the music .
tr	O	We had to kill them or we would have been discovered .
tr	I	After that , life was very tough , and ' Then something happened .
tr	O	We can inhabit human bodies , but our core is still alien .
tr	I	It 's too big a risk , but I 'd love to save him .
tr	I	Ricky was done and the lady was quite remarkable .
tr	O	They stop on the roof of it , and there 's a hatch you have to go down in order to get into the actual level .
tr	I	It was a good , steady little business and he had won several prizes .
tr	I	How different it was in here , like another world , and I thought of people 's grey ordinary lives .
tr	O	It would strike the nearby town and the duo would be killed .
tr	O	She looked over to the bathhouse , but there was no response .
tr	I	The lantern floated into the air , rising slowly above the House like a star taking flight from earth , and he released his grip .
tr	I	He drank it up , and her cum was soaking his chin .
tr	O	They were probably each carrying at least one hidden gun , or the older cop would be .
tr	O	I asked around , and your name surfaced .
tr	I	He had her stilling as he commanded her to in a soothing tone , but Princess shied a little , taking several steps back .
tr	I	They feared the spectre of stereotyping , but it was estimated that over ninety percent of moderate Muslims were in favour of deporting convicted extremists .
tr	O	I dug my fingers into my skin , trying to wrench my hands away , but I was frozen .
tr	I	The two strike the wall , and a ball of iridescent air knocks the fireball off its path toward me .
tr	O	So far they had found very little to appease their fiendish appetites , but they also had not yet come across anything that stood against them .
tr	O	The materials I needed were there , but the owners weren 't .
tr	I	I 'm not getting it , but it seems like she is trying to tell me something .
tr	I	The bed slowly rose , then vanished , but I went to the bed to sit .
tr	O	His real name would come out of this and the Bureau would get involved .
tr	O	I will grant it , and then you will go back from whence you came , as if nothing had happened at all .
tr	O	He nodded to Jo , and then gave me the 1.5 over .
tr	O	She knew exactly what he was doing , but she didn 't want to acknowledge it .
tr	O	It 's already Third Period and I still haven 't seen the boys yet .
tr	I	I couldn 't go through with it , and it didn 't match his tender words .
tr	O	I knew what lay inside that cool , controlled , man , and I valued every glimpse of the real Frost .
tr	I	She ignored them but tears were flowing .
tr	O	Some slight movement caught her attention a moment before , but she could see nothing in the shadow .
tr	I	You 're the only person who can make it right , but I 'm sorry this happened to you .
tr	O	The only aim I have is for me to make you and father disappear completely in this world .
tr	O	You might be Ella 's family , but I have had enough of this !
tr	I	I could see colors , but I couldn 't see individual people from this distance .
tr	I	You are not to blame for it , but what happened was a horrible accident .
tr	I	She tried to blink the tears away and Kira felt her eyes well up again .
tr	O	I may not have killed them , but it sounded like I had given them a fate worse than death .
tr	I	He just kept telling me he was fine , but I tried to get Jack to talk about how he felt .
tr	I	She wasn 't making that high-pitched sound of pain anymore , but Jenna was crying .
tr	O	He made a soft growling noise that he knew drove me absolutely wild - and then , there was no more talking for quite a while .
tr	I	We were destined to be together , but he may not realize it yet .
tr	I	Then he had never written me any letters , and we only had a few short days together .
tr	O	She had a hold on him and he knew there was nothing he could do about it .
tr	O	Harrison wasn 't sure if he really wanted to know , but it seemed rude not to ask .
tr	I	His eyes roll back and his head thuds backward .
tr	O	I wanted to ask her about herself , but I was afraid the guys would overhear .
tr	O	She couldn 't let the tears go , but she felt them .
tr	O	It 's someone 's driveway , but no one will see us .
tr	I	Some of her residual anger had lingered , but Annie got over that fast enough .
tr	O	She turned it over and the card showed a man in a noose .
tr	I	I was really good at screwing up everything , and I didn 't want to lose her altogether .
tr	I	Her mother told her how much she meant to her , and Kelly thanked her mother for being such a great mom .
tr	O	He tried to lift his head from the carpet but it seemed permanently stuck there , as if glued .
tr	O	The other violinist looked hesitant , but the music master smiled .
tr	I	The passage is too narrow for him not to bump into you , but I can hide us from his sight .
tr	I	Then I let the horse go , and I turn to look at Mutt .
tr	O	She went to her room to try the door for the veranda , and once again she was stopped from going any further .
tr	O	I pulled it from my pocket and it was Diana .
tr	I	It sounded tender instead , but it should 've sounded harsh .
tr	O	He was the first one to suggest Jude and I were an item in my presence .
tr	I	I attributed it to the escalating wind but I heard a rustling in the distance .
tr	O	The sun was setting and darkness was building , indicating he had been out for a while .
tr	O	He sucked it hard , then bit on it , and I gasped .
tr	I	Her face revealed nothing , but he stared at her .
tr	O	Jeremy swallowed nervously because he was one of those few and he worried about possible negative impacts to his physical well-being .
tr	O	Kirby liked watching her , but watching her confused him .
tr	O	He tries to take aim at me but I rip the blaster out of his hands using my telekinesis .
tr	O	My heart automatically lurched hopefully , but I tampered it back down .
tr	I	I can help you save yourself , but your sister is going to die .
tr	O	She didn 't know how he did it , but she didn 't have the breath to ask .
tr	I	We can 't read her mind and we don 't know what was going on between them .
tr	I	I nod and he asks .
tr	O	The look on her face said it was a useless endeavor , but she obediently shuffled off towards the nearest stall .
tr	I	His gaze met mine , and he cupped my chin .
tr	I	Deuce waved it off , but Zane offered him an apologetic smile .
tr	O	At first , my reaction is of sorrow , but then I realize he ´ s gone forever .
tr	O	Keith looked like he had more questions about this , but Clarence 's mind was still back in the conversation .
tr	O	His skill for detecting the ripples that spread from spun nets was useful , and his hunches hardly ever mistaken .
tr	I	To actually be in it would be jarring as all hell , but you had an idea of what was going on .
tr	O	He felt Hart 's eagle gaze on him , and he scowled .
tr	I	She is on her way home right now and the mother 's car went to DIA .
tr	I	Water was wet to a moron or Amjad sighed as if he had to explain that things fell down .
tr	I	It was the closest , but Fort Apache was not his first choice .
tr	I	You can stop the session at any time and you 'll be safe .
tr	I	That 's the final rule and Father can 't wait anymore .
tr	I	Some threesomes get acquainted and they shared a companionable silence for another ten minutes , watching couples .
tr	O	I am a little annoyed with him , but my curiosity gets the best of me .
tr	O	Cassie slammed the door shut , but Rema could hear them arguing .
tr	O	I sent my friend up to let you know I was here , but I 'd be a few minutes late .
tr	I	Betty had not the ability to give answers , but others in the war room had many questions .
tr	O	Rory made to follow , but Crag shook his head .
tr	O	She had already had this discussion with him several times , but he seemed slightly more confrontational tonight for some reason .
tr	I	The pools were never used but she 'd known many other wealthy people who owned houses with pools .
tr	I	Her pink dress complemented her skin perfectly , and her red hair spilled down her shoulders .
tr	I	I moved quickly but his other arm came back to my throat with the knife .
tr	O	I was getting ready to ask him why he looked concerned , but Joseph continued the conversation we were having .
tr	O	With a smooth motion Styx was leaning back in his seat , but Viper didn 't miss the small flinch at his sharp accusation .
tr	I	Others would be dead , but Felix would be alive .
tr	O	The rabbit ran across the road in front of us , and we followed him .
tr	O	I know that 's really bad but I was just so mad at Jessie .
tr	O	His tears had stopped , and I realized that they too were a mask , that he 'd been putting it all on for show .
tr	I	He 'd finally decided to confront me here , and it had been eating at him for months .
tr	I	The rest was still in place , but most of her tail was extended .
tr	O	He grinned as he drew near , and Hoff shook his hand .
tr	I	Tavi felt a little wobbly , and it was sometime later that the kiss ended .
tr	I	You know I don 't always follow her advice but Momma doesn 't want me to go far away .
tr	I	Blood oozed from a deep gash and his shirt was ripped .
tr	O	I already made that mistake with us once , and I don 't want to do it again .
tr	O	Her eyes darkened with worry and she bit her lip .
tr	I	Their schedules never gelled well , but they 'd worked together occasionally .
tr	I	There was a seed of honesty there , but he was joking .
tr	O	I gave him a wry smile but his eyes were focused past me on the living room .
tr	I	The reality brought the tears but the absurdity of the situation brought bouts of nervous laughter .
tr	O	All were called more than once and none claimed to know Gabrielle Brant .
tr	O	The lights are on inside the house , and I can see some people hanging out on the front porch .
tr	I	His eyes hardened and his smile faded .
tr	O	she breathed , clearly astonished but liking that idea .
tr	O	What we expected had happened , and we were happy .
tr	I	They move toward it in a group , and the house is surrounded by cactus people .
tr	I	Ghouls line the circular metallic wall covering every inch but he looks about looking for a way to escape .
tr	O	She swapped sword hands , spun to attack him on his weak side , and he had to move fast to defend .
tr	O	His human facade was crumbling with his rage and his real features were showing through .
tr	O	You fucked up and you know it .
tr	O	He never denied that he could be wrong , but he usually wasn 't .
tr	I	The available farmland isn 't enough for sustainability , but they 're doing great .
tr	I	A moment later , surprise came into her eyes , and Bimbo looked down .
tr	I	There are really two things that are stuck in my brain , and I was thinking about it laying there in bed last night .
tr	I	He wept a great deal during those first few days , but I can 't be entirely sure what the Master told him .
tr	O	The only reason that no one fought was because the Primes forbid it , and the Primes had ultimate control .
tr	I	He pushed himself back , but Shree went to move .
tr	I	For a moment she was almost girlish , and Patrice giggled .
tr	I	Aria seemed unruffled , but every single thing Soren did chafed him .
tr	O	Right now I had to be there for her and I 'd figure out the rest later .
tr	I	She was grateful for the dim light overhead but it was humiliating to think that he might be able to see the desire on her face .
tr	I	Organ removal versus orgasms and bleeding out .
tr	I	You won 't get hurt and be a good little girl .
tr	O	He had forgotten how important friends are , and Mathew was a great one .
tr	O	I 'm here to find out what 's really going on , and then I 'm out of here .
tr	O	I 'd barely even touched him , and now he would be doomed to a lifetime with Cronus as a father .
tr	O	My sister 's husband 's got one and he drove us to Southend in it .
tr	I	She thanked him absently and Mike placed a cup of tea in front of Devin .
tr	I	They made her feel terribly guilty and oh , those were horrible words .
tr	I	There were no dark slivers of possession , but he examined her mind , her memories .
tr	O	It was raining in this clearing also , but it wasn 't a rain that she was used to .
tr	I	He seemed to be in a heavily wooded area and a small stream was flowing in the distance .
tr	I	He raised the gun to point it at his father and Travis 's jaw tightened .
tr	I	I don 't even care and he 's touching my car .
tr	O	* * * Ebon had oiled the hinges of Ward 's wagon , and was opening it when they heard a horn blowing in the distance .
tr	I	The girls were sitting on the porch , but when I got downstairs , Jay wasn 't there .
tr	I	He cut me off , but I started to object .
tr	O	I will now present you with two options , and I recommend that you choose wisely .
tr	I	Alcide nodded , and Eric looked at Alcide .
tr	O	The faint burn was in my throat and I didn 't trust myself to speak .
tr	O	The room itself seemed cold and there was a disturbing sense of some kind of presence .
tr	O	Went over there to talk to Denise ' bout something and we just kept talking ' til lunch was over .
tr	O	I 'm with Ash , and he makes me happy .
tr	O	The lights winked from the passing ceiling and the faint murmurs grew into blaring echoes .
tr	I	It didn 't really matter at that point , at least I was dressed , but I didn 't remember putting them on .
tr	O	The women had liked to be strapped down , whipped , and he 'd liked delivering the pain .
tr	I	Her voice dropped so low Preston could scarcely hear her , and he moved with her as she inched away from Max .
tr	O	You don 't speak Norse and this is a small village .
tr	O	Fury should probably have been insulted , but the truth had never bothered him .
tr	O	I couldn 't read her expression , and perhaps that was for the best .
tr	O	Baxter would still crave something he couldn 't find here , and he deserved the right to pursue what would fulfill him , like everyone else .
tr	I	He hung on , grimly determined to reach the one escape left to him , but Daemon almost fell when Dancer surged forward .
tr	O	He had felt alone at various points over the past few days , but now he felt more alone than ever .
tr	O	I find it strange , but I must respect traditions .
tr	I	With a tremendous gasp , her lungs filled , and Water bubbled from her mouth .
tr	I	Many people were at work , and most shops were already open .
tr	O	It was a good thing he owed Mark , or he would definitely give into that urge .
tr	I	The bathroom was spotless and I pushed open the door .
tr	I	We 'd also be more apt to be spotted , but we 'd be more comfortable traveling during the day .
tr	I	Neck then starts saying things in their language and Pen lays her hands on Lark 's leg .
tr	I	He lowered his eyes and I smiled at him .
tr	O	I looked right into her dark brown eyes and they were exactly the same .
tr	I	His hand trembled as he downed his glass of champagne , but Malcolm did a fairly good job of hiding his excitement at the info .
tr	O	So far , they had not seen any water in the forest , but they had started to hear the sound of a stream .
tr	O	The Stone was almost translucent now , and there was a shimmer of rushing waters there .
tr	O	Many times he had anticipated the behavior of animals - a wounded leopard in the bush , a cornered buffalo - but this was different .
tr	I	He will be done , and one scrape .
tr	O	He smiled at her and she smiled back .
tr	O	We tried to clean up in one of the bathrooms , but our clothes still stunk .
tr	I	She knew the day would lure even more people to the water 's edge , and a front had pushed warmer air over the island .
tr	O	She 's my fledgling , and I 'm her sire .
tr	I	She pulled him back , away from the opening , but they were dragging him toward the carriage .
tr	I	A lush jungle had been the last thing on her mind , and barely an hour ago she 'd been in the desert above .
tr	I	It seems she feels the same way about you , and you seemed smitten with your beautiful ward to me .
tr	I	I saw the indecision in his eyes , and he raked a hand through his hair .
tr	O	They beat steadily and despite the gusting wind the monster hovered easily in one spot .
tr	I	The lunch crowd was not there yet and the breakfast crowd was gone .
tr	I	It makes it hard to tell and the sky is particularly ashy today .
tr	O	Also I had hopes that I could settle my business in a profitable manner , and Stevenson could take care of the rest with the Southern rascals .
tr	I	His men followed suit , and Gaudet pulled his gun .
tr	O	* Something brushed against Ash 's mind , and he straightened up .
tr	I	I didn 't dare shift my gaze from the guys standing over me , but I sensed Nina stiffening beside me .
tr	I	It was lies , but whenever he spanked her , she 'd made all the right noises .
tr	I	He had no choice , but Buzz didn 't believe for a minute that they would destroy the pictures .
tr	O	Maybe I wasn 't a genius like everyone else thought , but at least I was bright enough to get good grades .
tr	I	Reuben understood less than half of what they were saying , and Laura got into a discussion with Jim about Teilhard de Chardin .
tr	O	His eyes collided with hers , and his jaw hardened even more .
tr	O	I sit up to act without considering , and after I do , I hesitate .
tr	I	It is part of me , and it feels like I am part of it !
tr	I	The Romans are already on the march from Syria , but he rules from there .
tr	O	She grabbed at his boots , but her eyes were unfocused , staring off between his knees at nothing .
tr	O	Jack yelled , but it was too late .
tr	O	It was tempting to listen to his mind for a bit in order to get Anne the inside scoop , but I knew meddling could be dangerous .
tr	O	I am weary of chasing you , Caroline , but I won 't stop .
tr	I	If I see another one , our business relationship is over , but I 'm pretty sure I 've vaporized at least three of them .
tr	O	Sweat dotted their faces now , and the veins along their necks were beginning to stand out against their pale skin .
tr	I	It took a lot of willpower not to give in , but I 'm not sure quite how he did it .
tr	O	Sam 's wife , Anna , was also attractive , and as Rick sipped his Prosecco , he devoted his attention to the two ladies .
tr	I	That was it , but he taught a large logic class .
tr	I	Few could doubt it now , and he was their brave leader , even against Ship .
tr	O	She 'd already done that twice , and it was embarrassing in the extreme .
tr	O	My father stood quickly and before I knew it he was in front of me .
tr	O	Sometimes I would find myself in the woods behind school , walking toward the tower and I would have no idea how I got there .
tr	O	The sun hits me squarely in the face and I blink my eyes .
tr	I	My Fallen body felt indestructible , and I felt stronger , faster .
tr	I	The space between them decreased and a light grew around Rita .
tr	I	It looked like he was glowing and the sun illuminated his tall , lanky frame .
tr	I	I remembered the dark thing had claimed to know my mother , and I imagined a certain cloying fondness in the endearment it spoke .
tr	I	They stood ready , and their patterns were set .
tr	I	I was beginning to know them and a few of the residents had taken my knitting classes .
tr	O	Tears bloom in my eyes , and I close my eyes , look away , before he can see them .
tr	O	Errol smiled proudly , and he could tell that Almira 's eyes thinned at him in envy .
tr	I	He didn 't want anyone else looking after John , but a replacement was doing the daily soldiers ' clinic .
tr	O	She rolled her eyes , but she was still smiling .
tr	O	Someone knocked on his door , but no one answered .
tr	I	I still felt hatred for them and I didn 't have to live with them .
tr	O	Yes , Dani thought he 'd be back , but Casey was sure her friend was wrong about this .
tr	I	She could not even utter more than a paltry whimper of protest , and the last of her strength had left her .
tr	O	We all got to say goodbye to her but I was the last to talk to her .
tr	O	Alana used to be the receptionist before I came along and I suppose the girl hated the job as much as I do .
tr	I	The other part was wary , but part of me was excited about finding out what was really happening .
tr	I	I made her model for me in front of a mirror , and I made her go out under the moon .
tr	I	He freed her mouth and she shook her head .
tr	O	Maddie wasn 't just some regular girl , and we weren 't on some regular ride .
tr	O	Trapper couldn 't grow anymore , but there was enough space for Sole to squeeze through .
tr	O	He did not really think so , but he did not see what good it could possibly do her , to be roaring at the water .
tr	I	You 'll be fine , and you 're eighteen years old .
tr	I	There was something false , but I 'm probably making too much of how she looked .
tr	O	Asher took my hand , and together we darted toward the end of the hall .
tr	I	He provided and she needed .
tr	O	They were smiling and she seemed to be more relaxed .
tr	O	Well , she may hate her new look , but at least she would have made her father proud if he were alive .
tr	I	The generator didn 't come back on , and seconds ticked by .
tr	I	She wanted it spelled out , but Amy knew what was implied .
tr	I	Though they had elven physiques , they were more like elven silhouettes than the real thing , and they were transparent like a thin layer of mist .
tr	I	He kept thinking hard , but he couldn 't think of much to say to Amy .
tr	O	Raven clasped her hand and they walked together .
tr	O	There was protecting your loved ones out of duty , and then there was protecting your loved ones for fun .
tr	I	She laughs again and I tell her so .
tr	I	Once again the shadows drew close , and he tasted ashes in his mouth .
tr	O	The sleeves of her white lab coat were rolled up to her elbows , and her hands moved as she spoke .
tr	I	A storm approached and clouds came in .
tr	I	She was glad , and Hayden looked flustered .
tr	I	My hands were shaking with the release and the panicked adrenaline was leaving in droves .
tr	I	His roommates had left town at his request and Except China was dead .
tr	I	The saliva that dripped onto me was thicker than any human 's could have been , and his eyes were beyond me , barely looking .
tr	I	I was going to have to hunt her down , fugitive style and knowing my luck Eleanor had staged a jail break from the center .
tr	O	Once a week , I have an afternoon off and I spend it here .
tr	O	The week off was already doing her some good , but Devon knew the battle was far from over .
tr	I	Abbey panicked and he began to close the door again .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to let Sean hurt me too , and I had been hurt too much already .
tr	I	It would be thousands of years before they would once again re-form in their new locations , and the old polar caps were melting .
tr	O	I hadn 't really bothered to notice before , but I liked the way he looked .
tr	I	Talbot came up to the driver 's side window , and McCoy wheeled Boo to the curb .
tr	O	Gabe didn 't say it like he was making fun of Finn , but it feels like it .
tr	O	He was so right , and I was finally ready to see it .
tr	I	I didn 't want to draw attention by running but I saw a truck following me .
tr	I	They seem to have a good deal of pull and they appear to be quite wealthy .
tr	I	One of my worst fears becomes a reality and there is an eerie calm inside me .
tr	I	If I had any say in it , I 'd be doing it often , and I fit well there .
tr	O	I glanced back , but before I could answer , something small caught my eye .
tr	I	Otherwise I didn 't catch him doing anything suspicious , but he kept checking his phone a lot .
tr	O	He 's still not a hundred percent and the doctors aren 't saying if he will fully recuperate .
tr	I	He accepted it , and I told him what he wanted to hear .
tr	I	The meeting came to an end and Mr Hughes made further positive noises to Rick .
tr	O	Those have to be faced and that is a different matter .
tr	I	Her eyes sparkled and Color tinged her cheeks .
tr	I	The seatbelt constricted more , but Kara pushed herself up .
tr	I	She had a soft spot for animals in need , but Kady might sometimes be a self-centered , stuck-up brat .
tr	I	The chain of sigils fell onto the ground and his hand relaxed .
tr	I	He nodded in the end , but Bowman considered a long time .
tr	O	Yes I have feelings for him , but I love you .
tr	O	The back porch had been demolished and the door was several feet off the ground .
tr	O	The thrumming in his body wouldn 't go away when he was around her , and he 'd already lost two nights of sleep because of her .
tr	I	I paused , unable to sum up the last couple of years into a single statement , and I could hear the authentic sorrow in her voice .
tr	O	Keeping the truth from them wasn 't the same thing as lying , but it felt like acid my body couldn 't digest .
tr	I	Warner freezes , his heart racing under my ear , and my left hand slips around his ribs , up his back .
tr	O	It was very technical and I made voluminous notes .
tr	O	It 's not just me and you now .
tr	I	It didn 't matter , but had I been better at math , I might have even been able to guess exactly how far it was .
tr	I	Troy continued on , and the others nodded .
tr	O	I tried to dredge up a smile for him , but I couldn 't .
tr	I	That seemed to piss off my father even more , and learned more about horses than I 'd thought possible .
tr	O	My body was numb , but the voices kept talking .
tr	I	His horse , dead , was sprawled over the top , and he was lying half under a driftwood log .
tr	I	I had to , but I knew I shouldn 't have asked .
tr	I	I have Eros , and I 'm safe for now .
tr	I	I was in luck , and I came to the first intersection .
tr	I	Her body responded and she heard a soft growl leave his throat .
tr	I	We can walk and you can drop us off at the Yard .
tr	I	He had to admit he 'd never had reason to feel threatened by it before , but he 'd never been a big believer in the curse .
tr	I	I welcome it into my heart and the frigid air numbs my skin .
tr	O	Fights will not be tolerated and the sharing of duties is expected .
tr	O	The iPod switched to the next track and he flinched at Robert Plant 's sudden wailing cry , mistaking it for the banshee .
tr	O	My vision is still blurred with tears , but thankfully no more are forcing their way up .
tr	I	He cursed it , again , and his cell phone rang as he left the liquor store .
tr	I	He 'd said not a word and it took forever .
tr	O	The boy looked at Renna , his eyes so wide she could see the whites , but she nodded .
tr	I	Letting her in on a private conversation with Vee was taking the idea of courtesy too far , but I was trying my hardest to be civil .
tr	O	Her eyes widened in horror as she saw his mouth open and his fangs glide out .
tr	I	Then she peels out of the parking lot , and she storms over to her Lexus , slamming her car door after she climbs inside .
tr	I	I also have met him in America and we 've talked a lot on telephone .
tr	O	I got myself together , but I knew I could burst into audible laughter any second .
tr	I	She hadn 't expected it to be quite so bad , but she knew Ken wasn 't impressed with the place .
tr	O	His bottom lip caught a bit and it briefly exposed his perfect teeth .
tr	I	They also policed themselves , but they were law abiding .
tr	I	This one was right on par with all the others , and he hadn 't seen one of Ty 's Tshirts in quite a while .
tr	I	Ty could see his body coiling in the moonlight , but the man didn 't respond .
tr	O	One page in The Caster Chronicles , and I can go home .
tr	O	He took my hand again , and we went into Sarah May 's .
tr	O	I knew I needed to say something , but this was beyond what I had expected .
tr	O	The table rocked from Joe 's useless efforts to escape and it looked as though one of the edge pieces of the puzzle was coming loose .
tr	I	Even as he felt her heart flutter , he pressed her mouth to his throat , and he gave the command .
tr	I	They drank anyway , but nobody knew who they were .
tr	I	She felt herself drifting backward in time and suddenly it was as though the edges of the space began to spin .
tr	I	I feel it in my bones , but I don 't see them die .
tr	I	The rage inside me grew but My Dad tried to calm me down .
tr	I	I knew it and I 'd gone too far .
tr	I	She told me it was all right , and I looked to Avril .
tr	I	We have too much on the line here to go in empty-handed , but I know it 's risky bringing technology from the present with us .
tr	O	He dragged one of the claws across her arm , and a white line followed it .
tr	I	He wouldn 't have changed anything , but he wasn 't proud of it .
tr	I	She hadn 't even had makeup at his place to hide any of it , and her face was pretty beat-up .
tr	O	He 's dressed in ratty clothes , but the perfection of his existence outshines the minor flaw .
tr	I	His tone carried just enough of a challenge to imply doubt in her cooking skills , but a blatant bid to avoid answering .
tr	I	Renton asked the Dutch officer to take a well-deserved coffee break and they managed to convince the crew to find them a private area .
tr	I	The bullets seemed to bounce off the tough scales of the dragons , but they fired off several rounds .
tr	I	That was all that mattered and he could finally leave home .
tr	O	He depresses a button under the table , and the door to the conference room slides open .
tr	I	Not the glaring looks that we 've been getting lately , but there are a few people who give us passing glances .
tr	I	We begin to move cautiously , and Skyla takes up my hand .
tr	O	I collapse forward against the sink , and the tears come .
tr	I	She met his gaze straight on , but her eyes widened momentarily with what looked like dismay .
tr	O	Presumably a relative must have dropped in to see her and the ward sister had said something .
tr	O	Just then they hit a dip and their heads almost hit the roof .
tr	O	They 'd had another engagement , or they would have been here .
tr	O	He still had the same golden good looks , but they didn 't glow as they used to .
tr	O	Perhaps you are making a choice , but you are making it too late .
tr	O	A dripping noise came from the corner and there was an overall feeling of dampness .
tr	O	She looked down at him with longing , and he looked up at her with desire .
tr	O	I did that with Carlos , and it was a bad failure .
tr	I	She let her words ride the wave of it and Anger shot through her .
tr	I	He was ready for it and he knew what was coming .
tr	O	I strained to remember more , but it was just a cascade of feelings that rushed over me .
tr	O	I scroll through the other faces in the pictures and I don 't remember any of them , either .
tr	I	Nothing she tried worked , but she wanted to help her , get her to wake up , maybe eat again .
tr	I	He didn 't speak , but his eyes met hers .
tr	O	I collapse onto the rug at her feet , and she runs her hand gently over my hair .
tr	O	She knew her smile didn 't hide the pain in her eyes , but she kept it there anyway .
tr	I	I began crying , and mine broke first .
tr	O	It was nice Mom was giving me space , but this time was different .
tr	I	He had yet to say a word , and he 'd already started off on the wrong foot .
tr	O	I slump back in the sofa and something pokes me in the back .
tr	I	The house was caught completely unprepared , and we arrived within 20 minutes .
tr	I	She shook her head , and tears started to fill Rachel 's eyes .
tr	I	I sat down at the desk , and eventually my breathing returned to normal .
tr	I	For the helmet , that would 've been her skull ; but a fragment of her helmet lay shattered against the snowy ground .
tr	I	This rider fell as it was sure he must , but it was easy enough if you met it in the saddle .
tr	I	The clear liquid was not a great threat to the brown linen , but his jacket had a damp spot as well .
tr	I	Back , she felt no cold and Sweat trickled down brow .
tr	I	She couldn 't help saying it , but she knew it wouldn 't make him feel any better .
tr	O	He didn 't understand , but he was relieved to know .
tr	O	Davis was working out well as his Second and Glen had slipped into the background a little .
tr	I	Somehow it came out grim , but she meant to sound lighthearted .
tr	O	When we parted you were just an Accepted , and that wasn 't so long ago .
tr	I	Everybody knows it and Olivia is the Resistance Headquarters ' slut .
tr	I	Then the line fell completely silent , and Papers shuffled audibly in the background .
tr	O	I could feel his eyes on me , but he looked away when I glared .
tr	I	I think I know the basics but I may not have all the facts .
tr	O	I took a partner , and we did some mining for a time .
tr	I	I was struck by the fact that she didn 't look different , and she looked at me .
tr	I	Her heart followed and Lina dropped it .
tr	I	It excited her , and she was struck by sudden vulnerability .
tr	O	Her magick swept over him like fingernails raking across his skin , but whatever spell she was conjuring had no other effect .
tr	I	I could see my blood on his tongue and his fangs were still out .
tr	I	Numerous old thick maple trees dotted the yard and the driveway curved slightly .
tr	O	The pain seared my skin , and I felt like the fiery flames of hell were punishing me for my lies .
tr	O	He would have liked plumbing too , but that , of course , was impossible .
tr	O	Owner didn 't believe it , but he came .
tr	O	I tried to take advantage of that but he only signaled with the barrel of the gun for me to move back to my original spot .
tr	I	Her body was suddenly alert , and her eyes popped open .
tr	O	He is chasing me and we are both laughing .
tr	O	Our hands brush together , and an electric charge flies up my arm from his touch .
tr	I	Louise 's entire face lit up and John came into the living room .
tr	O	He managed to hang on to the tray somehow , but her full water pitcher was jostled by their impact .
tr	O	Tiny white lines cover the back of his wrists and he swiftly jerks his sleeves down to hide them .
tr	I	The tension drops from Miya 's shoulders and a boy no older than eleven opens it .
tr	O	Devon opened his mouth to protest Julian 's statement , but he snapped it quickly closed .
tr	O	I lock eyes with him and he tosses me his gun .
tr	O	I started to take it off , but Cadmus stilled my hand .
tr	I	I had none to give , but he waited for my reaction .
tr	O	David wanted to put a gun to their heads to help encourage them to work faster , but he resisted the urge .
tr	I	I felt strangely calm , and I asked .
tr	I	I blinked back the tears forming in my eyes , and Jack He finished telling me about the night I left .
tr	I	In that instant he saw guilt , and Nick 's gaze locked with Danvers .
tr	O	Their eyebrows furrowed in confusion , and I watched Clare 's gaze cast downward until her eyes suddenly shot upward .
tr	I	That 's all it did , but only the Oneness kept them alive .
tr	I	They jumped apart , and I stumbled back , tripping over a bag in the hallway .
tr	O	Not the best start for a summer vacation , but it seemed like he was taking it in stride .
tr	I	By then it was too late , but vaguely , Hal heard someone , he thought it was Tasha , cry out a warning of some sort .
tr	I	The largest one immediately stopped the fist that was poised to come down on her again , and the other three men whirled to face them .
tr	I	Kim dropped the subject , and Jake didn 't answer .
tr	O	she asked herself once the door was closed and she was staring out into the bright sunshine .
tr	O	Abbot showed up a few minutes later , and he wasn 't alone .
tr	I	Wolves baying around the perimeter , or she supposed she should be grateful that there didn 't appear to be a moat around the property .
tr	I	I felt anger building up again , and his last words threw me off .
tr	I	Something had changed , but she 'd been starry-eyed about vampires back then .
tr	I	He was trying to hide it from me , but he was troubled , that much was clear .
tr	I	A sudden blast of loud music dispelled his thoughts and Jeffrey 's office door opened .
tr	I	She 'd avoided it , but on the drive here , Chase had tried to start a conversation .
tr	I	You wanted to come somewhere very public and you said it was urgent .
tr	I	Cut the headlights and * * * Michael pulled into the driveway .
tr	O	He typed in his security code , and they were allowed inside .
tr	I	I devoured each of his moans with my lips , and my h * ps met him for each thrust .
tr	O	Maybe she had faded from demon to ghost and all that was left was that bodiless power .
tr	I	I was so excited by proxy that it was hard , but I tried not to burble , since she was upset .
tr	O	The water under Ethan 's boots was rushing now and they were moving into a cold , steady breeze .
tr	I	A large dent appeared in the keypad , and she swung it as hard as she could .
tr	I	The look I saw on his face makes me hesitate , but I take a step forward to follow him , to see if he 's okay .
tr	O	The Rambler had seen its better days on the outside , but it purred like a kitten under the hood .
tr	O	Then I heard a window break , and something hard go bouncing across the floor .
tr	O	My fingers slide down the photo and I set my jaw in determination .
tr	O	It was Milo 's , and some things were unforgivable .
tr	I	Thad being there without a date made it OK , but being the odd one out was awkward .
tr	O	So far all I know is what I see , and it looks like I 've joined the Army again .
tr	O	Mach 's hand raises and a knife releases , flying straight for Lennox .
tr	O	There was a little dust , but these books were carefully kept .
tr	O	Hunter smirked a little at Kade and I wanted to slap him silly .
tr	O	He had met a girl and I knew nothing about it .
tr	O	The pulse shield takes most of the damage but the force sends Warrior into another uncontrolled spin .
tr	I	I feel no movement at all , but I panic , imagining myself to be shaking , in tremors .
tr	O	Mum told us all we had the same father , but I didn 't believe her .
tr	I	She gasped and her heart jumped .
tr	O	He hated me because I was first son and Father kept me here at Desh 's number one .
tr	O	She really had no desire to even look at the man , let alone speak to him , and she had so much work to do .
tr	O	The testosterone on display was almost enough to melt the ice , yet despite their best efforts none of them could keep up with Jack .
tr	I	The first time we met I saw you do that , but I know you haven 't seen many opening done by other keepers .
tr	I	It was enough to open the door for her , but I beat her there by just a few steps .
tr	O	He says my name , and I say his back .
tr	I	She made the guys feel very welcomed and it was a wonderful hour that we shared with Nana .
tr	I	She wore a content smile and her eyes sparkled .
tr	I	He slowly walked her inside and he pulled her to him .
tr	O	I 've got DVDs back here that aren 't mine , and I 'd much rather not have to pay for them .
tr	I	It did not lessen the sorrow of parting but he had known for some time that he would be going abroad .
tr	I	My presence obviously disturbed him , but he didn 't seem to recognize me right away .
tr	O	I hadn 't told anyone , not even Jordan , but just thinking about picking out art made my palms sweat .
tr	O	They broke the kiss , and the bartender waved happily .
tr	O	' Get well -- and return to us .
tr	O	One touch , and she would be blasted off into another world .
tr	O	I can 't tell you how much I enjoy spending time with you ... and I mean that .
tr	O	Families in wagons seemingly with no place to go watched him and Talon as the two men made their way toward the village stables .
tr	I	I 'm leaning toward letting the party continue , but I 'm mulling over our options .
tr	O	He needed to be inside her , but he had a promise to keep first .
tr	O	There were several chuckles in the audience and Jonathan waited for them to subside .
tr	O	He might be hot but he 's definitely strange .
tr	I	She occasionally pushed them back up as she chatted and the thin straps fell off her shoulders .
tr	I	I 'm not a fan of chit-chat , and Eye contact typically invites people into conversations .
tr	O	My dad once told us about preserving meat this way , but we never tried .
tr	I	Janine flew in to help her out , so I 'm going to spend some time with Amanda and Janine 's mother is ill .
tr	I	The tattoo looks new and the ink is stark black .
tr	I	He 's merely a pawn in another man 's charade and he assumes no character other than his own .
tr	I	It shook me , but I only saw it for an instant before passing through to my next life .
tr	I	She would have to leave , and if one of these males died , the rest would realize what she was .
tr	I	She 'd run and she 'd escaped .
tr	O	The next weeks would be grueling , and his only chance of success was in gaining the cooperation of his new clan .
tr	I	Then we were moving , and suddenly my paws left the ground .
tr	O	I 've barely woken up and I 'm faced with this spawn of Satan sitting on my bed .
tr	O	On the plane she 'd rehearsed several apologies , but none sounded quite right so she 'd have to wing it now .
tr	O	Fear got the better of Andy and he felt himself starting to go .
tr	I	He caught a glint of recognition and for an instant their eyes met .
tr	I	The darkness had enveloped the cliff , and the sun had at last disappeared .
tr	I	She could not think , but she struggled to understand .
tr	O	Some part of me thought Carlton sounded familiar , but I couldn 't place it .
tr	O	He hadn 't spotted any Hunters , or even anyone watching them too intently .
tr	O	He touched Julie 's hand and their fingers clasped each other .
tr	O	Your spine was whipped around pretty badly , but luckily you didn 't suffer anything more than a few bruised vertebra .
tr	I	The other muscles used in each stroke and Alex put her friend through several workouts to strengthen her arms .
tr	O	Walt may have filed flight plans for California , but he would have known we 'd trace that .
tr	I	It seemed he 'd missed his chance , but he 'd been keeping a big canvas laundry bag just inside his back door .
tr	O	She grabbed my butt at one point , and I sort of jumped .
tr	I	No sound comes out and my mouth falls open .
tr	O	Finn tries several times to say something , but only his hands are successful at it .
tr	I	When Chloe sang , people listened , but that sounded like a bizarre combination .
tr	O	It seemed as though I had been dropped into a winter white-out , a blizzard , yet I didn 't feel cold .
tr	O	It was a Saturday , and the town was busy .
tr	I	My mom sticks her head in , and a knock sounds at my door .
tr	I	I breathed a sigh of relief , and at last they turned right , onto an easier path .
tr	O	They made it to the forest and that 's all I know .
tr	O	He knew how his hair was sticking up , and he didn 't care .
tr	I	Budda wasn 't discouraged , but it might take a bit longer to locate his sister .
tr	O	Then her gown was on the floor , and she was standing under the hot spray .
tr	I	Water dripping from my hair diluted my tears , but I think I did cry a little bit .
tr	O	It was obviously an antique , and it gleamed in the moonlight .
tr	I	Surely they wouldn 't be represented in the Festival Office , but we had all heard stories of the Communist presence in certain trade unions .
tr	I	When I coax her lips open with my tongue , she moans , but she laughs against my mouth .
tr	I	The damn woman was already gone , but Simon opened his mouth to speak .
tr	I	I hope in this case you 'll agree with me , but I realize that my idea of the right thing isn 't always everyone else 's .
tr	O	Felix grunted and I groaned .
tr	O	He lifted up and she drew back at the same time .
tr	O	I had a memory , and right now I 'm not even dizzy .
tr	I	Herself as possible and Zoe moved quickly to follow the hostess , putting as much distance between Marco .
tr	O	I couldn 't do anything right , and she would tell me how useless I was .
tr	O	Some people think we erred in letting Eva Roberts go , but in fact the internet is providing its own profiling discussion .
tr	O	She didn 't keep tabs on Laurel 's work schedule , and her hours seemed to change from week to week .
tr	I	I giggled as he stumbled on a perfectly straight step and Bastian patted his pocket for the keys .
tr	O	It scared them at first , but they got used to it .
tr	O	Anna always enjoyed looking at it , but it brought her no pleasure today .
tr	O	She described his feelings exactly , and he was overwhelmed .
tr	I	In his narrow world , it didn 't matter , but none of it made sense .
tr	I	As he reaches up to knock again , I open the door , and he 's glancing over his shoulder at something I can 't see .
tr	I	Shawn realized he was no master at relationships himself , but Jenny said Seth had trouble holding on to friendships .
tr	O	Kylie knew Holiday meant what she said and she appreciated her loyalty to no end .
tr	I	This time blood trickled from the side of his mouth and he coughed yet again .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure who leaned forward first , but somehow she found herself in a glorious kiss .
tr	O	She didn 't want to admit it , but she 'd overdone it a bit today .
tr	I	She clapped cheerfully at the end , and he was a reasonable player on both .
tr	O	Ash unzips her sweatshirt and I do the rest .
tr	O	That unwavering pressure was still there , but the longer I worked , the less it bothered me .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to take the chance , but she didn 't know if anyone was looking .
tr	O	I had done everything I could to prepare for it , but the bottom line was that I was not sure what was going to happen .
tr	I	There was nothing that she couldn 't do with it , and give the woman a computer .
tr	I	I ducked out of its way with ease , but he threw one of the knives .
tr	O	The goons were thrown off-kilter , and I knew just what to do .
tr	I	The sun toasted his bare back and the hot sand seeped into his sandals .
tr	O	The next day at the gallery seemed to last forever , and Mandi 's excitement was building up as the day progressed .
tr	I	I knew it would land right where Jude intended it to land , but it had a good few seconds of hang time .
tr	O	I never want to be without Luca again and that thought , that emotion , startles me .
tr	I	His lips coming closer to mine , and all I knew were those beautiful eyes .
tr	I	The dream faded around us , and I took the hint .
tr	I	He 's actually smiling as if we 're about to have a long lunch and we shake hands like old friends .
tr	O	Peering closer , I look for stitch marks to identify it as a surgical scar , but I don 't see any .
tr	O	She looked terrible , and she knew it .
tr	O	One nips at my ankles and I jump , barely missing getting bit .
tr	O	He 'd played it years ago but he was grown up now .
tr	O	Here I was rooting around for my paycheck and my mom can 't afford to pay me .
tr	I	Sam joined her and she laughed .
tr	O	Andrew only had to hold out through spring , but apparently he couldn 't wait that long .
tr	I	He didn 't want to lie to her , and he 'd told her as much of the truth as he could .
tr	O	It was a shame but life goes on .
tr	I	He starts to eat , taking small bites of his food , and after a while I let him go .
tr	O	Her heart was racing and she was at a loss for words .
tr	I	The firelight turned her glasses into glowing orbs , and she was wearing a sweatshirt embroidered with kittens .
tr	O	He flicked his wrists and all the closet doors behind him opened .
tr	I	It 's nice not to be wrapped in absolute darkness but my eyes feel a bit blinded by the white light .
tr	O	I was warned there would be extra protection that night , but there were a few more people there than I expected .
tr	O	They threatened sabotage and here it was .
tr	O	The houses quickly turned into shops , and then a few cafes began appearing .
tr	O	The bird wanted to move , and finding the balance point proved difficult .
tr	O	It had become a popular destination for American soldiers on leave , and several hotels had been set aside for use by the occupation forces .
tr	I	Melissa had a pretty thin grasp on reality at times , but not that he could blame her .
tr	I	I clutched his shoulders and my blood boiled .
tr	I	He just frowned at her , but she asked .
tr	O	His weapon went click , and his face turned red .
tr	O	The fire helped , but only the ones closest to it could feel the direct effects of the heat .
tr	O	He laughed softly , holding the warm smile in place , and I leaned toward him like a flower to sunlight .
tr	I	I didn 't think she should come alone , and I couldn 't talk her out of it .
tr	I	I 'd vowed to never let anyone know , and I knew they belonged to Shayne .
tr	I	He slowed down when he got to the new guy who patted him , but he started running home .
tr	O	I reply , and surprisingly , that earns a laugh from the room , even Olivia cracks a smile .
tr	O	We were no longer afraid of what lay ahead , and instead of talking negatively , we discussed our route .
tr	I	I could swear I saw his lips quiver and he gave me a quick glance .
tr	I	This was something different , but we 'd al seen Riley lose his temper .
tr	O	I 'll be at the hotel and I 'm bringing a team now that things have escalated to the point we 're at .
tr	I	The retreating forces were ordered to clear out any houses they came across to prevent snipers from attacking , and along Battle Road there were many skirmishes .
tr	O	The way he said I 'd feel better didn 't sit right with me but I couldn 't argue .
tr	I	I think we 've tightened the situation remarkably and the sharpness depends on a variety of factors .
tr	I	I hated losing almost as much as I hated beer but it was a stupid game .
tr	I	The very essence of life itself and they have gone far in unlocking Natures secrets .
tr	I	None looked serious , but there were a lot of injured people .
tr	I	Unable to stop herself but she laughed softly , invitingly , knowing she shouldn 't .
tr	I	James doesn 't stop me ... and I leave the kitchen , heading for our room .
tr	O	Her friends seemed to be big followers , though , and that was all they talked about from that day forward .
tr	I	Its steel petals opened like the iris on a camera , and a snap of an electrical circuit sounded from the silo door .
tr	O	Now I have bad hair , and I had to drink that awful milkshake .
tr	I	In his movements there was this playfulness , so much like I remembered , but Strength bunched in the muscles rippling along his shoulders .
tr	I	It seemed to be his only option with a police car rapidly approaching to his left , but there was a high chain-link fence to his right .
tr	O	She walked down three steps , and the world suddenly seemed to swirl before her .
tr	O	You got home almost two months ago , and this whole time 's been awful .
tr	O	Della didn 't look thrilled , but she covered it up well .
tr	O	His body spilled over the sides of the chair and his head seemed attached to his body without a neck .
tr	O	He could find her , but it would take time .
tr	I	We were nowhere near the first floor but the elevator was still moving .
tr	O	He had turned the air conditioning off and all four windows were down .
tr	I	I 'll come by your place or I 'll be back at school soon .
tr	I	She runs away from me screaming and I 'll die if I don 't get one more taste of her .
tr	I	He would endure the worst of the worst for her , and Annabelle had become the most important part of his life .
tr	I	Verity found herself staring at an insubstantial dream image of the bed and he spun her around .
tr	I	I forced a smile , but I shuddered to think what he might have cooked up for me .
tr	I	She did not look moved and Annabelle did not look surprised .
tr	I	They were building it and it was the pulse canon plans .
tr	I	She began to talk ... and he reached out again .
tr	I	I saw the sliver of a smile form and Bryan 's features softened .
tr	I	He 'd lost then , too and they 'd argued that point before .
tr	O	He knew exactly where she was leading , yet he was powerless to prevent the conversation .
tr	I	Panic seized me , and he rarely called .
tr	I	His looming posture didn 't help her mood any , but the stance was obviously intended to be respectful .
tr	I	The memories of billions upon billions of lives would have been obliterated and if we had not acted quickly , we might have been destroyed .
tr	O	I 'm not sure where this will let us out , but hopefully it will be far enough away from the Inquisition .
tr	I	The warden didn 't want to admit it , and this was obviously a screwup .
tr	I	It wasn 't Rene , and I did know who made Aubrey .
tr	O	A group of girls passed by , and Trenton 's eyes focused on one .
tr	I	I ignored him but Eddie called my cell a few times .
tr	I	No woman could be that much of an actress and she 'd been too unskilled at just about everything .
tr	I	I was suddenly quite grateful that it was the weekend , and my pulse quickened in response .
tr	O	I doubted the question was directed at me , but I answered anyway .
tr	O	I hadn 't considered that , but that wasn 't the point .
tr	O	The water is the color of blood and the horse is red as the sea .
tr	O	He writes on the board , and I groan , visibly folding .
tr	O	Use that head of yours and you 'll be all right .
tr	O	It tears me apart because Ashley is such a good friend , and I 'm unable to return the favor .
tr	O	I was pissed , and I could feel my blood pressure rise .
tr	O	I looked over at him , but he was still staring at his brother intently .
tr	I	Instead he wanted her to go away , but she 'd given him plenty of opportunity to engage with her .
tr	O	She was curvier than the average coed , but I liked that .
tr	I	The red power light faded and Ivan switched his camera off .
tr	O	Her own heart gave a small burst of joy and she wondered if , deep within , his did , too .
tr	I	When he was done , all were identical , and he bent them the way he wanted them .
tr	O	I didn 't know what they talked about , but they were out there a good twenty minutes .
tr	O	After having a decent breakfast , I wasn 't usually grumpy , but my brother had a way of rubbing me the wrong way .
tr	I	She recovered quickly , but Aislinn was obviously taken aback .
tr	I	Even though he was holding my hand , it was like I was invisible , and I walked into school with Zach .
tr	I	He smiled , abruptly returning to his show , and Recognition dawned on Morgan 's face .
tr	I	She did drop the beat and the storm hit with such force Isabella nearly dropped her drumsticks .
tr	I	I selfishly want it again and it did once with Luke .
tr	O	Her eyes went wide as she looked at him and he knew she was wondering how he 'd saved them from a puddle of tangled limbs .
tr	I	Ready to bind us for all eternity to this spot and I hold the marble above my head .
tr	I	He had no words , but he turned to Ashley .
tr	O	There were several more minutes of silence , and then Bonnie shifted her weight toward the door .
tr	O	Canines , panthers , rabbits , and a half bear half moose animal .
tr	I	Someone had a wireless playing and there were vases of flowers on various surfaces .
tr	O	It was my joke too , and I didn 't find it at all funny .
tr	O	He was grinning like a crazy man , but that changed when he saw my face .
tr	I	I didn 't question him , but his eyes were hard to see in the darkness .
tr	O	She 'd walked over a nest once and it had taken her father hours to calm her down .
tr	O	I 'd never been sure how far this ability could reach , but at least I knew the Sharp Claws were gone .
tr	I	I get up anyway , but an expedition seems unlikely .
tr	I	As soon as it stopped , my head plopped down , feeling the crack on my skull , and the images hit me like a breeze .
tr	I	The devil on my shoulder needed no encouragement , and she 'd tell me to screw him ASAP .
tr	O	Well , the actual fence wouldn 't be a big deal , but being exposed for everyone to see might be a bigger problem .
tr	O	I reached forward to press my lips over his , but he pulled his head back .
tr	I	My hand rubbed his stomach , and his hands stroked my thigh as he watched the movie .
tr	I	She shook it free , and it spilled in dark waves around her shoulders .
tr	I	He looked high into the sky at the sun and the wind started blowing .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell if he knew that I 'd heard him , and his voice was low .
tr	I	He looked at me with a lopsided smirk and I turned around .
tr	I	She hadn 't fought him , hadn 't pulled away , yet she had been aware of his thoughts .
tr	O	He pushed a finger inside of me and I stilled .
tr	I	It looked like all 200 were coming and I think we had invited 200 guests .
tr	I	There was nothing I could do to stop it at this point , but I whined , knowing I was being a baby .
tr	I	Her eyes lock on mine , and then she finds me .
tr	I	A minute later he was knocking on the door again and he drove back to Jackson 's house .
tr	O	Liam reached to her already cut neck with his scalpel , and Sean couldn 't stop his growls .
tr	I	I didn 't dare move but I wanted to cringe .
tr	I	He 'd seemed too hung-over to pretend , but it might have been one big act .
tr	O	Mom walked through a few for me but she said they weren 't my style .
tr	I	It 's true , but I 'm sorry .
tr	O	She looked like a famine victim , and it scared him to see her so fragile .
tr	I	She didn 't want to reveal that to Veronica , but she 'd meant that it was a safe bet that they wouldn 't run into Jake .
tr	I	It was too late , but Ted hit the brakes .
tr	O	She glanced up at me through her eyelashes , and I realized that she was the kind of girl who enjoyed competing for a boy 's attention .
tr	O	I swallowed , but my mouth suddenly felt like I 'd swallowed a sandbox .
tr	O	I want to ask about Kate , but I don 't want to seem like it bothers me .
tr	I	She felt like a fairy princess in it and it was gorgeous .
tr	I	You care for the twins , and because you care for Kate .
tr	I	I looked up to see her holding the elevator doors open , and she cleared her throat .
tr	O	He was infuriated but he did it .
tr	I	There was no sign of Rock but she could see into the room .
tr	O	People tended to lose their guard under the influence of alcohol , and I wanted to hear what they had to say .
tr	I	Leo hoped she was the friend of Mac 's mother , but actually , she was being pulled by another woman .
tr	I	No matter how hard I tried , I could never duplicate that , and a mom 's hug just felt different .
tr	I	Neither one reached for the other , but their shoulders touched .
tr	I	Jamie gave the driver the address , and they caught a cab .
tr	I	There was no fresh-cut grass about him , but he smelled like the woods , like I 'd originally guessed .
tr	I	We 're going to the concert hall , but don 't get me wrong , your clothes are cute .
tr	O	Aiden was technical y right , but in the end , his parents hadn 't been turned .
tr	I	Nobody was going to come between us and we were together .
tr	O	It might not be , but it will be warmer .
tr	I	She realised how close they were , and Evie caught a glimpse of a very tall palm tree stretching towards the sky .
tr	O	A king-size lump formed in her throat , and it was all she could do not to promise him she 'd never , run away again .
tr	O	Her gaze drifted over his shoulder to the window and she saw how the shadows cast by the sun had moved across the floor .
tr	O	Her mouth went dry and her mind went blank .
tr	I	I bury a laugh in my chest , and she darts her pale eyes to mine .
tr	I	I managed to get the anchor up , leaving it lying on deck , but the bow of the boat was slippery with blood .
tr	I	I think you 're started , but that 's up to you .
tr	O	You 're the scheduled speaker this afternoon but you 'll just have to answer questions .
tr	I	Police have blocked the area within a five mile radius and the Stock Exchange has been sealed off from the public .
tr	I	All was in balance again with the night creatures but his mind was constantly processing the sounds around him in alert mode .
tr	O	Janelle begged her heart to slow as they passed a cluster of fast food places , but it kept racing as fast as the car 's engine .
tr	O	I call out to Dina that the glitter isn 't here and she insists we just aren 't looking hard enough .
tr	I	The situation demanded it , but she realized that at fourteen she really shouldn 't be concerned with motherhood .
tr	I	With this I knew I had won my first battle and she looked like she could cry anytime .
tr	I	I couldn 't understand why she would do that , and I was speechless as to what I just saw .
tr	O	His fingers were cold and I shivered even as I wanted more .
tr	I	Instead he might have played a role in driving her away , and he 'd have done anything to keep his little sister safe .
tr	I	His lips met mine , and he lifted my chin .
tr	I	I 'm not listening but Piers comments back on what I said earlier .
tr	I	I was feeling encouraged , and except that our strained relationship showed recent signs of improvement .
tr	O	I moved blind , but I moved .
tr	O	said the Senior Wrangler , managing some sarcasm , but they could tell his heart wasn 't in it .
tr	O	I understand that you have been hurt , and the need for self-protection can be consuming .
tr	O	It was one of the reasons he hadn 't gone in to law , that and he didn 't suit wigs .
tr	O	The walkway was deserted , but the garden was not .
tr	I	You avail yourself and I am available .
tr	O	My whole body locks up and I suck in a quiet breath .
tr	O	It is late July and the temperatures are unbearable .
tr	O	She doesn 't speak , but her raised eyebrow says it all -- stay .
tr	O	She had just somehow known that they wanted her to , and of course , she wanted to hear more about Anya .
tr	O	Nell 's mouth tightened , and she was silent for a moment .
tr	I	She was sound asleep and her eyes were closed .
tr	O	Gran hadn 't caught on to the fact that they weren 't aspirin , but Noah had made sure she was aware of it .
tr	I	The men 's eyes widen as she starts to pounce towards them , and she changes direction .
tr	I	Charles let go and Lola tugged at her leash .
tr	I	I couldn 't help it but it was cruel of me to jump to conclusions about the guy .
tr	I	Neither one of us would take that first step , but he was less than four feet away from me .
tr	I	The darkness had passed , but Callista spun once again .
tr	O	Darion started to go with them , but Lucan held him back , a hand clamped tight on his son 's muscled shoulder .
tr	I	Gabe stands in the doorway , and the door swings open then , without a knock .
tr	I	I sat at the table to eat it , but I finally went over any filled a plate .
tr	O	It 's been so many years but he still remembers me !
tr	I	She was observant but Georgia may be a pain in the ass .
tr	O	The formation had dissolved into chaos , and she was wholly exposed .
tr	I	I wish you luck , but I think that you are out of your mind for this .
tr	O	His eyes nearly broke my heart , and I had to look away .
tr	I	She dove toward the treasures and her feet hit the floor .
tr	O	His face is only inches from mine , and the desire in his eyes turns my bones to liquid .
tr	O	They didn 't hide their address like the Bat Cave , yet they didn 't often have trespassers at Val Hall .
tr	O	He looked over at Jenny and she winked at him as he trudged out .
tr	O	My parents didn 't screw up , and if I screw up I can 't blame them anymore .
tr	O	A slight giggle slips from her lips , and her eyes flicker open again .
tr	I	It made me feel special and they all agreed with her .
tr	I	That meant I might never know more than I did now about him , and I accepted the reality of his life .
tr	I	It appeared blank of all visible emotions , but I scanned the stranger 's face , looking for any sign of hostility .
tr	I	The giants ushered us in that direction as well , and the dinner party guests had been herded into a tight group out on the lawn .
tr	I	He didn 't say a word , but the hint of a smile flitted across Corcoran 's lips .
tr	I	It 's too late , but Luca grabs for me .
tr	O	He was right , but there was no way that I was going to dignify that with a response .
tr	I	It darkens our spirits , and a rumour has come before it , out of the shadows of Men 's minds .
tr	I	Frankly he was too afraid to take the time anyway , and he knew there was no time to cover his tracks .
tr	I	I was relieved , and he pulled his shirt off .
tr	O	That seemed to wipe the smug look off his face and he glanced away from me toward the Grim Reaper .
tr	O	It was just a baby and it didn 't know better .
tr	O	She put her hand over her mouth to hold the mirth inside , but it didn 't work .
tr	I	We reserve the rooms just to be sure , but hopefully , it won 't take that long .
tr	O	Her secret had been kept between them the whole time and she was extremely grateful to have friends she could trust so implicitly .
tr	O	We brought them with us and they breed very fast here .
tr	O	The five of us banked off into our assigned directions and we all accelerated to just under the speed of sound .
tr	I	This time when Finch took hold of her arm , she could feel his fingers digging into her flesh , and Butch complained .
tr	O	My feet flew toward my cabin , and I pushed against the door with al my might .
tr	O	I want to know that piece of him so badly , but I can 't ask that question .
tr	I	Crimson knew enough about me to know that , and I wasn 't really one for playing games .
tr	O	I can 't even talk to Julianne about it because you have your new family now , and she doesn 't want negativity .
tr	O	The buttocks were perfectly formed and there was even an anus .
tr	O	His fingertips hit bare skin and he let out a sharp , harsh breath .
tr	I	Together they rolled it down over the thick , throbbing length and Zach helped guide the condom in her hand to his erect shaft .
tr	I	Lissa knew it , too and Alex had implied as much .
tr	O	Sunday 11th March 1984 Danny had returned from the video shoot and tripping over his room 's clutter recalled Katherine 's advice .
tr	I	I know that the servants will respect you more for it , and it was well done of you , Becky .
tr	I	She had no reason to hang around but Jackson wouldn 't be home for hours .
tr	O	Sergei smiled each time this happened , but he restrained himself from executing them .
tr	I	I 'm not , but I 'm dreaming .
tr	I	I always thought his driveway was a little creepy , but I 'd never tell anyone .
tr	O	She lowered her eyebrow and he fled the shop .
tr	I	His eyes flutter open , and Elder 's bed dips .
tr	I	That seemed to bring him in check , and Mrs. North 's eyes widened in obvious hurt .
tr	I	There wasn 't any answer but picking it up , he 'd called her house .
tr	I	The way she was dressed today reinforced the image , and she always reminded Anne of a fairy tale princess .
tr	I	You were the only person I knew to call and I got home to a nak * d Gramps last night .
tr	O	She smiled and her face got animated again .
tr	O	This isn 't an airplane , and you 're not a pilot .
tr	O	Alarm rushed through him and he swiftly pushed harder .
tr	O	The need for haste pressed down on her , and her tone came out more sharply than she meant .
tr	I	He did not want to take any risks with extra people on board , and it was his first take-off from such a small field .
tr	O	Saturday evening , but when I asked him about it in more detail he said he was pretty sure it was not later than 7.00 pm .
tr	O	The twins were somewhat surprised , but I don 't think I really was .
tr	I	Still my son died , but I love my children .
tr	I	Blue rose on the grave of Kateri 's grandfather , and they always went there to put a red , white .
tr	I	Voices fall silent throughout the main hall and their sullen eyes are glued on me now .
tr	I	Then he returned her smile with one even brighter than before , and it took him a moment to process what she was saying .
tr	O	He felt they were a noble animal and they are endangered now in the US .
tr	O	I had lost interest , and they had lost interest .
tr	I	I even try and I can rhyme .
tr	I	She reached again for the pieces , and tears slid down Beth 's cheeks .
tr	I	She didn 't have the strength to push his hands away , but she inhaled sharply at his touch .
tr	I	She passed them to the little boy and I placed them in Georgina 's hand .
tr	O	It felt like it had been years , instead of days , and Anna let Thomas know that by the loud moan she offered .
tr	O	His hat had fallen off and he felt around for it .
tr	O	Hardly a minute ago the trees were alive and some with luscious looking fruit .
tr	I	He was nowhere around but this was Ramirez 's moment to shine .
tr	O	He 'd told me I loved James madly , but he didn 't say James loved me back .
tr	I	Now she was his worst enemy and this had been his favorite person in the whole world .
tr	I	A thick brown leather belt round her waist to hold her pouches , and today she wore a tan tunic with navy trim , navy hose .
tr	O	The Captain was back at the helm and it was just getting light .
tr	I	He began to devour and his tongue moved over her clit .
tr	I	I 'm not going to bother you ever again and I 'm walking away .
tr	I	Her skin very pale and her figure was full .
tr	I	I will force you or you will give them to me .
tr	O	I had never been to Paul 's home before and I was surprised to see that it was enormous .
tr	O	He casually grabbed a broom , as if he might start sweeping , but Liam noticed that the broom had an unusually thick handle .
tr	O	Better change out of those clothes , or you 'll be caught for sure .
tr	I	He was all mine , and he was a god among teenagers .
tr	O	I want you to know that I need some help and you are one of the few friends I have left .
tr	O	The portal sticks this time around , and once again , the door is opened to reveal a small room with a chest at the center .
tr	I	I leaped at him anyway , but I guess it 's possible that it could 've been some other kind of lanky Eye with dark curly hair .
tr	O	Amy said Orion had a plan for everything , and I 'm starting to think I should have one too .
tr	O	I was a little surprised at this public display of affection , but when I pointed it out Drake just cracked a gigantic smile .
tr	I	He knew that nothing would ever compare to her , and Never in his life had he felt anything as wonderful as she was .
tr	O	He gestured to the vampires in the room , and his voice was gentle , rational .
tr	O	I listened as Danny revealed the details to my parents but I felt as if I were in a fog .
tr	O	He didn 't release her but bent to kiss her gently .
tr	I	Alas she had no say in the matter , but she thought she would much rather suffer poor Brin 's fate than endure such a husband .
tr	I	I 've been leading us through a lot of these narrow paths unnecessarily , but I don 't know if she 's noticed .
tr	I	Larry walked in , and the door opened .
tr	O	Devon reached for her again , but she 'd already moved away from him .
tr	I	We headed for the door and I scooped the dog into my arms .
tr	O	My eyes flashed , and Logan 's arms began to quiver , his face livid .
tr	I	We land in a lane of slow-moving traffic , and he exits the highway .
tr	O	There was someone who needed help , who needed protection , and he couldn 't live with himself if he let someone else die .
tr	O	It was obvious that little Selena was learning the meaning of envy , and it did not sit well with her .
tr	O	That should probably be an offensive workplace question , but it wasn 't .
tr	I	She looked at me and I looked at her .
tr	O	It provided almost no protection , left them horribly exposed , but the invaders were not supposed to be on this side .
tr	I	She saw Eve shivering , too , and the cold chill stayed around her .
tr	O	The ocean was relatively calm and neither of them became seasick .
tr	I	I think this choice now belongs to you , but I will choose if I must .
tr	I	An eagle fell , and he fired a second time .
tr	O	You couldn 't be a rancher if you didn 't expect changes , but the fact that Chase was part of those changes drove her nuts .
tr	I	Awareness chased it away , but joy , there was always joy for an instant whenever I saw her .
tr	O	I wrapped my arms over my chest and Jason shook his head as if he were trying to clear it .
tr	I	You 're forgetting one thing but I do need to show my support of the Governor .
tr	O	He 'd rewarded her and she 'd flourished immediately .
tr	I	The three of us were crammed inside on the floor , and the door of the phone booth had been pulled closed .
tr	I	Her eyes were sharp with hatred , but Felice shut her mouth .
tr	O	He clenched his jaw , and I could see that he had to struggle not to get choked up at just the memory .
tr	I	He shook it and I held up my hand .
tr	I	He wouldn 't tell her the truth , either , but he couldn 't lie .
tr	I	I wander back through the city 's streets on trembling legs , and then he leaves me alone .
tr	O	The doors opened , and immediately , hot wind whipped across my face .
tr	I	You 're ready now , but maybe you weren 't ready to do that before .
tr	O	They were all dressed the same , but there was no way they were all down with the get down .
tr	I	It was mostly in one piece , but the Stargazer was a mess .
tr	O	Blood spattered her , warm as tears , and she used her leverage to flip him off .
tr	I	Jackson seized upon her silence and the memory made her pause too long .
tr	O	A brief eternity later , they were on solid ground , facing a medium-sized cavern , and Elena fel to her knees .
tr	I	Alessa left , inwardly terrified , and she stood up .
tr	O	We pulled up at one of my favorite places and I should 've known that my future marine biologist would love it here too .
tr	O	A long curl had escaped her ponytail and she tucked the strand behind her ear .
tr	O	My enemies here were human , and none too skilled in the dark arts .
tr	O	It wasn 't great before , and it sure as hell wasn 't something worth fighting for now that I 'd lost my memories .
tr	I	It was standing next to the bed and he opened his eyes .
tr	I	They hadn 't nicked him but the case could be closed .
tr	O	The material was binding , but she didn 't care .
tr	O	The backbone of many stories passed down through generations , and this drop would be no different .
tr	I	Paul heard him announce himself and Ed flew into the brush .
tr	I	Daniel 's face began to crumble , tears swimming in his eyes and now Ryland sounded sterner than ever .
tr	O	Robert asked in a voice so low Sloane had to strain to hear and she missed Frank 's reply .
tr	O	He started driving back home but after 30 minutes realized there was nothing there for him anymore and he didn 't feel like going back .
tr	I	It wasn 't unpleasant , either , but it wasn 't familiar per se .
tr	O	Claire was down to twenty minutes before her first haircut showed up , but she couldn 't pull herself away .
tr	I	He trusted himself to speak , and Buck 's mind had begun to clear .
tr	O	I suck in a breath , and the cold air feels good in my lungs .
tr	O	She 'd never mentioned to her mother that she had taken it and her mother had never asked its whereabouts .
tr	I	That ache in her chest made it impossible to walk away , but she didn 't have the right to ask him for anything .
tr	O	We were at my locker , and Michael stood close to me as I exchanged books .
tr	I	I like working here , but yes , I do own the diner .
tr	I	She was extremely annoyed about that , and she was sipping a Mickey 's cola which she had actually had to pay for .
tr	I	Her blue eyes peek back at me from over her shoulder , but Ivy 's body stays turned .
tr	O	The CDC people had shooed her out earlier , but by now maybe she could get back in .
tr	O	They could see the perimeter of the airfield but he wasn 't confident they were safe yet .
tr	O	This might sound a bit paternal , but I 'm proud of you .
tr	O	His hair was tousled and he had a good shadow on his face .
tr	O	Holly laughs again , but then she stops .
tr	I	We followed her shadow and she invited us inside .
tr	O	He studied me and my dress a little longer .
tr	O	You made a pact with a human and her child turned out to be a healer .
tr	O	I looked at the people surrounding me and no one was meeting my gaze .
tr	O	They all agreed that something was going on , but they had no idea what .
tr	I	He was surprised how much lighter she felt , but he rose to his feet , lifting her with him .
tr	I	No one raised their hand , but I glanced around .
tr	O	The odd thing is that I no longer remember what I wore , but I know I chose it carefully , anticipating a meeting .
tr	O	Sweat dripped down her temple and Eve wiped it away impatiently .
tr	O	Dozens of eyes were on us , and the barn suddenly seemed too small .
tr	I	I can 't muster the voice to call back to her but it 's Cherry .
tr	O	Their bites were rarely fatal , but I 'd heard many tall tales of horrible deaths .
tr	O	They were at a tuxedo shop , browsing suits , and I futilely racked my brain to figure this out .
tr	O	I looked you up online and there were too many women with your name .
tr	O	I worked on the side , but with school I was limited .
tr	O	I wanted to tell them to stop , but I couldn 't speak .
tr	O	The sounds of her moans echoed in the woods , and her breathing was ragged against the air .
tr	I	Diego lifted his hand in answer , and Xavier waved when he saw Diego spot him .
tr	I	I couldn 't really enjoy it , but I should have been happy that I was finally working on my dream project .
tr	O	You cannot be serious and there is no way you could accomplish this successfully .
tr	O	He led her back out to the living room , and she sat down on the sofa as Ken made coffee .
tr	I	They straightened up a bit and their eyes widened .
tr	I	Now he was part of the project too , and this is part of Williams 's project .
tr	O	His voice broke on the last few words and he looked like he was about to cry .
tr	I	I came home and anyway they cut me loose after that .
tr	I	It wasn 't unexpected , but it wasn 't welcome .
tr	O	The room beyond was empty of people , but a golden altar stood at its center .
tr	O	said Persephone , and though the edge remained in her voice , her expression softened .
tr	O	The limo pulled up to the entrance of the hotel , and the chauffer opened the rear door for her to get out .
tr	O	I 'm sorry , but Kiko is acting like a brat again , don 't worry , dad , I will protect her with my life .
tr	I	She ignores it , but the bell rings .
tr	O	His brow folded , but then he laughed .
tr	O	He nodded his curly pale head and I could see he was a million miles away .
tr	O	She couldn 't prove it , and she didn 't want to .
tr	O	Like a puff of smoke in zero gravity ... okay , I 'm not exactly sure how that would work , but essentially you get the point .
tr	O	She knew the confrontation was coming and she was trying to prepare herself for it .
tr	O	Chris reached inside thinking it was a new shirt , but the box was too heavy to be a shirt .
tr	O	I felt guilty for pretending that we were going to be with her for the next couple of days , but I couldn 't help it .
tr	I	We waited , and I squeezed his free hand while his other held my body close to his .
tr	I	She was dead tired , and she 'd worked a double shift .
tr	I	She hadn 't the ability to read , but she 'd love to know what was contained in the scrolls .
tr	O	I climbed into the limo , and Denny drove me to the hospital .
tr	I	She would have married George if he hadn 't died two years ago and she 'd been raised knowing her husband had already been chosen for her .
tr	O	Moose looked at Squirrel , and Squirrel hit him on the helmet .
tr	I	The improvement is definitely temporary , but you may be feeling better .
tr	I	He hurriedly placed his hand over his chest and Vincent 's eyes widened .
tr	I	The lenses on my mask adjusted quickly , but the small , square room was much darker than outside .
tr	I	Gone was the tough-as-nails badass Angel of Death , and her hesitancy gave her an almost childlike quality .
tr	O	He heard Jackie thank everyone for coming , and he snapped his attention back to her .
tr	I	She looked over at him and Lee snorted in his sleep .
tr	O	Julia reluctantly handed me the phone and I eyed her carefully .
tr	I	My fingers curled into his T-shirt in response and I felt his tongue flick lightly against mine .
tr	O	Caitlin opened her mouth , but no words came out .
tr	O	It worked , and Lillian 's high pleasure at knowing this exclusive fact put her in a good humor the rest of the afternoon .
tr	I	I refuse to be swayed , but Ryan looks up , glaring .
tr	O	He 'd fallen back on travel , and the old desire was beckoning again .
tr	I	His eyes never leave me , but I pretend I can 't see him anymore than anyone else .
tr	O	You may be a lone wolf , but that doesn 't mean you shouldn 't have an understanding of basic society .
tr	I	Cutting out the world and all your mood swings .
tr	O	It had been nearly twenty-four hours since I 'd slept , and it didn 't take long before I passed out into a deep sleep .
tr	O	She pulled back for another swipe , but this time her hand was caught .
tr	I	He snatched it away , barely managing to stop the scream still crammed in his throat and Fingers touched the back of his hand .
tr	I	I didn 't think so , but it might have been the bobcat .
tr	O	In theory she should be repulsed by him , and yet she wasn 't .
tr	I	He seems like an interesting guy , and he seems to fit into Midnight .
tr	I	When he returned his gaze to her , his eyes were brimming with pain and her husband looked away .
tr	I	Yet no one could give him what he most wanted , and he would have done anything in the world to save her .
tr	I	She would believe almost anything if it would take her there and her dreams lay out among the stars .
tr	O	The lights were off , but there was a computer that was clearly on .
tr	I	There 's a stack of clothes on the bed beside me , but when I open my eyes next , he 's gone .
tr	I	The accommodations beyond luxurious , and the food was amazing .
tr	O	He stepped forward , and Savannah leapt at him , thrusting the stake at his heart .
tr	I	He was worth fighting for , but she didn 't know how to conquer everything that stood between them .
tr	I	We do more shots and when the seat belt sign is turned off , I pour another round of beer .
tr	O	Hollywood was full of working writers , but I was not one of them .
tr	O	The jury convicted her of first-degree murder , and the judge sentenced her to be executed .
tr	O	I nodded , and he left .
tr	O	It 's all on record , but you need to come this way .
tr	I	We must leave now and we must leave .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop , but I didn 't want to think about such things now , when I was in his arms .
tr	O	The doors reopen and Sean is standing there .
tr	I	He has a nice sword collection too , and he did all of the interior design .
tr	O	My knees promptly begin to wobble , but I fight the compulsion to fall to the floor .
tr	I	Then I see the kingdom , but at first there is darkness .
tr	I	Caitlin would probably have a worse fate than he did and if that happened , he would certainly be in jail .
tr	O	The hand finally left her leg and she heard the welcome sound of the two men retreating from her room .
tr	O	The place was now a wreck , but it could be cleaned at a minimal cost .
tr	O	It didn 't seem important at the time but the driver went there without being told to during the journey .
tr	O	Noel 's mouth opened , but no sound came out .
tr	O	Her cheeks bloomed with pink spots and she seemed ready to spit at him .
tr	I	We don 't like to talk about what contributes to them , but we talk about diseases .
tr	I	She wished she could sink into the floorboards and he glared at Morgan .
tr	I	I could no longer hold her upright and my strength was now fading , like clouds .
tr	O	I didn 't want to wake you , but my key wouldn 't work .
tr	O	She put Wil onto a few in Coffs Harbour , but Wil hadn 't picked up the phone to reach them as yet .
tr	O	I bit the damned bullet and it feels good .
tr	O	The villagers might panic , and that was the last thing we needed , two days before engaging the horde .
tr	I	He was also curious , but he wanted to rant more .
tr	O	He could put off dreaming , but he couldn 't escape remembering .
tr	O	His voice was more tender than she 'd ever heard it and it vexed her that her stomach actually flip-flopped as a result .
tr	I	They walked inside , and the elevator opened .
tr	O	A hawk circles high above , but there is no other sign of movement along the endless miles .
tr	O	Terror washed over her again , but it was terror for him .
tr	O	Neither of them looked completely happy with this idea , but they didn 't argue .
tr	I	Kellerman 's eyes widened suddenly , and Iona growled , with her panther 's anger .
tr	O	Traffic was terrible on Hennepin as I left Dad 's office , and it was well after seven by the time I got home .
tr	I	He doesn 't , but I shake my head , willing him to stop talking .
tr	O	Well I could , but it was amazing .
tr	O	It was just an old family home , not even my old family home , but I loved it .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed with determination but his pale face was twisted .
tr	O	I expected us to steal a ship , and me to sacrifice more health because my crew counted on me to jump .
tr	I	She knew Sam could more than use the extra pair of hands , and she 'd let her Saturday duties go the week before .
tr	O	Sam gestured to the water , and Mike poured him some more .
tr	O	Spencer struggled for it , but just as she was about to reach out , Aria pulled her foot .
tr	I	Silent sobs wracked his body , and tears ran down his face .
tr	I	This was much more than that but he heard of guys being curious .
tr	O	Her tone made me think she had something else to say about Fade , but this wasn 't the time to talk about it .
tr	O	I do not come from any seed Or any womb I only live because of you .
tr	O	Everyone grinned at Gabe and he had to laugh .
tr	I	She needed to keep it and she made a promise to someone .
tr	O	Her fingers had gone white , and she was watching him closely .
tr	I	They could see that he was unarmed and he waited until Jeremy got out .
tr	I	His head went in the other and his body went in one direction .
tr	O	Sure , I 'd given them a choice , but it was my plan that put them here .
tr	I	It was too late , but his laugh gave way to a full-blown donkey 's bray ... Drew turned to check on the teacher .
tr	I	She felt like their myth had come to life , and the wonder of it swelled within her .
tr	I	She was walking as quickly as she could , but she couldn 't run because of the baby .
tr	I	She could handle him over the telephone , but she planned on being busy .
tr	O	Maybe this was madness , but I 'd hear him out .
tr	O	There were two of Nora 's friends he couldn 't remember their names anymore , and that in itself was a failure on his part !
tr	I	He wouldn 't answer , but I asked him what was wrong .
tr	I	I glanced back at his load , and we rattled out of South Gate .
tr	O	By Monday morning his food stash was running low and he was actually starting to feel sick for real .
tr	I	She Pushed harder , but he cried out , howling .
tr	O	He called her name , but there was no answer .
tr	I	I was ready and Daylight was starting .
tr	I	They hadn 't even started , and the corners of his mouth twitched already .
tr	O	I can see what is going on around me , but these poor fuckers are blind to the Good Air .
tr	I	I did it for her , and this was the only way .
tr	I	He sat , too , and I sat on his bed , staring at it .
tr	O	You 'll be watched , as per policy for newcomers , but I expect you to get a solid night 's sleep .
tr	I	She dyes her hair red and Sandra Becker is from there .
tr	O	He comes closer to me in the dark , and I catch my breath .
tr	O	They all had the unequivocal love of their men , and they all ranged from being ecstatically pregnant to delighted mothers many times over .
tr	I	He was efficient , and he got things done .
tr	O	I followed , and we walked out of the room , down the hallway .
tr	I	We all know it , and none of us would survive a fight like that .
tr	I	He 's not impossible , Dean , but he 's hard to read .
tr	I	I wondered what he was looking for and he pulled away , looking at my face .
tr	I	By nightfall each man amongst them would be rich , and soon they would distribute the booty .
tr	O	For a moment she felt the gnawing regret that her own family was still in that terrible place , but she shook off the feeling .
tr	I	They made their way back to the car , and Geoffrey signaled for the server to put everything on his tab .
tr	I	His knee gave out , and he took another agonizing step .
tr	O	He smiled down at me , and his green irises looked black .
tr	I	He hadn 't seen any sign of a romance , but there was a pleasant American there , all right .
tr	I	Lauren was paying me to assist in the investigation , but I didn 't want to step on his territory .
tr	O	All he knew was that he was headed east , and since he had not taken the main road , he had no idea where he was .
tr	I	I still felt a little guilty , but it wasn 't the first time I had ever stolen something .
tr	I	I wanted the benefit of following the bloody footprints directly , but the hall door would have taken me out to the same area .
tr	I	No one heard , but I cried out .
tr	I	The pain only seems to get stronger , but I measure my breaths , hoping it will pass .
tr	I	There wasn 't anybody there , but I even looked around to see where it was coming from .
tr	O	My memories with them were so short , but I 'll never forget them .
tr	O	Jules had decided to accompany Justin for the three-day retreat , and then they were going to indulge in a well-deserved vacation .
tr	O	Sparks flew , and the automaton staggered back .
tr	O	She shoots a hateful look in my direction , and then nods sadly before stumbling away .
tr	I	She kept running , and she ran .
tr	O	The job has a lot of pressure , and that usually means a lot of booze .
tr	O	Daniel might run a bit wild , but that was a small price for Cameron to pay for Daniel 's happiness .
tr	O	Tristan stirred in the chair , and his head tilted back .
tr	I	If he knows , the faction knows , and I still think Colin set you up .
tr	O	I give a little laugh and shrug him off .
tr	O	Teddy bit the hand and it let go .
tr	I	She leapt into the silence , and he hesitated .
tr	I	A long car trip required comfort , but I usually wore this outfit to workout in .
tr	O	I suppose I could have asked the German police , but I didn 't want to make her nervous .
tr	O	It had been a hard time , and I 'd had enough hard times .
tr	I	The maid nodded firmly , but Helen cried in disbelief .
tr	I	There are only nine of us , and around twenty Officials remain .
tr	I	I should have figured something out , but I 'm not sure what I could have done for her .
tr	I	I pull it back , but he tries to take my hand .
tr	O	I 'll let you or Adele know what happens .
tr	O	He came down and the interface closed behind him with a popping sound .
tr	I	I had to close them for an instant , and it was so bright it hurt my eyes .
tr	I	That presence she 'd felt when he 'd walked in barged into her space , but storm didn 't touch her .
tr	I	Allie moved between them , but Chief McCormick 's hand hovered near his gun .
tr	I	Well they should be , and the women were frightened .
tr	O	His face changed almost imperceptibly and she expected him to refuse .
tr	I	I 'd caused more than enough discord in his family , but I didn 't want to ride with Rosalie any more than he seemed to .
tr	I	Any hope of help for her sister was gone and the fire within now waned .
tr	I	That didn 't bother me , but he had hit on Sydney more than once .
tr	I	I savor the small abrasions and the wood scratches at my palms .
tr	I	He shook his head , but Sam caught the keys .
tr	I	I waited up for her , and the Countess shared my quarters .
tr	I	I couldn 't think of anything to say , and my cheeks burned .
tr	I	Alix wasn 't going to let it slide , and they had a reputation to live up to .
tr	I	Before his world went black , he saw the big man running toward him , and he sank .
tr	O	He 's rough , and my head snaps back , hitting the wall .
tr	I	It was enough to draw some conclusions as to where he was , but nothing specific besides that .
tr	O	She offered a nod , but her anxiety was palpable .
tr	I	As she did , the lights came back up to full strength , and she lowered the wand .
tr	I	They looked like they were going to be awhile , and I was way behind schedule .
tr	O	Tonight Leif would come over and we would work on his speech for this week .
tr	O	She 'd disappeared into the darkness , and none of us knew what was beyond that .
tr	O	I grabbed Ash 's hand , and we fled into the darkness .
tr	I	I certainly don 't need to stay warm , but the blankets are all on her side .
tr	O	She hadn 't spoken to her yesterday in her rush to go out with Liam , and she certainly hadn 't called her last night .
tr	I	Our conversation flowed easily , as it always did , and we talked on the phone for almost an hour .
tr	O	He lunged forward and clothes lined one officer 's head clean off .
tr	I	Jack had given him the perfect opportunity , but he hadn 't meant to introduce the subject quite so soon .
tr	O	The cold air grew warmer as the sun rose and the dripping foliage dried out while , in some sections , sunlight filtered through the overhead trees .
tr	I	It was astonishingly lovely and it was a particular kind of cover pieced together from scraps of fabric .
tr	O	Her face could quite literally stop your heart , and she was as graceful as a gazelle .
tr	I	Scotty jumped , and a roaring bark sounded from the pen next to them .
tr	O	One hard bite , and the creature would sever her spine .
tr	O	You may not have noticed it during the calls , but I did .
tr	O	They move quickly with uncle Gabriel , but the man who yelled at us remains behind .
tr	I	The windows looked as if they hadn 't been updated - ever , and the house was in desperate need of a paint job .
tr	I	She shook it off , but a flash of grief distorted Amanda 's features .
tr	I	I swatted him away , but Seth called to me .
tr	I	Tears were in her eyes , and she struggled to sit up .
tr	I	She couldn 't stop reaching that conclusion , but she didn 't want to believe it .
tr	I	God knows how many million burgers served now and Gerald looked out the window at the McDonald 's sign .
tr	O	Parts are rusted over and the battery is corroded .
tr	O	I screamed with all my force and for as long I could manage .
tr	O	Eventually , the videos were gone , but people still talked .
tr	I	That didn 't stop him from growling , but the king had no response to that .
tr	I	Now the dark angel in the corner gains prominence , but Elijah has always looked to the painting for joy .
tr	O	She now understood why he 'd left so abruptly , but at the time , she 'd been badly bruised .
tr	O	I jolted and my fangs moved back in my mouth half a centimeter , causing me to wince in pain .
tr	O	They have often asked each other about it , and the questions have become constant now that they can speak to one another via telepathy .
tr	O	His pulse quickened , and turning hastily away from his adversary , he began to look about him .
tr	I	I could find a collector who would double that price , no problem and I looked it up !
tr	I	I didn 't know what to say , yet he gave me a concerned look .
tr	O	I try to backtrack , but Ketchup will not let this one go .
tr	I	It felt wrong , but looking down at our entwined hands , mine appeared to fit perfectly in his .
tr	I	Another dose of shock hit and I did .
tr	I	I wasn 't worried , but Twenty-seven thirty-two them leading .
tr	O	Water drenched the front of his shirt , and a shocked look came into his eyes .
tr	O	He had well defined muscles all over his body , a small tuft of hair on his chest , and I could see his happy trail .
tr	O	What mattered was his skill as a surgeon , and by all accounts he had plenty of that .
tr	O	They had to act quickly or they will be dead in seconds .
tr	I	He was gone and blackness enveloped the ghost .
tr	O	Dad 's too ill to be transferred to another hospital just yet , but the one here in Orchard Valley is small .
tr	I	He could still see they were growing emerald but the room was dim with early morning light .
tr	O	He held something in his hand but Fallon could not make it out .
tr	I	He frowned , thinking it strange , and the owl didn 't repeat its call .
tr	I	My fangs were still sharp , and my lips were stained with his blood .
tr	O	Daniel tucked his legs in and when Brennan was at the apex of being unbalanced , he kicked .
tr	O	She gives me a key and I go to my room .
tr	I	For some reason , it sent a chill down her spine , and he was openly mocking her .
tr	O	His eyes widened , and something else hardened .
tr	I	The gray room took its place and the roof of the building faded away .
tr	O	The words hit him in the gut , and he gasped for air .
tr	O	I called back again and this time she answered .
tr	I	Over the years , she 'd gotten used to it , but she used to hate it when I called her that .
tr	O	They may have had the sense to plan this silent ambush , but when it came to fighting , the bloodlust took complete control of them .
tr	O	One was a watermill , but nothing nearly so twee as ' watermill ' suggested .
tr	I	Now he bowed his head , but he had been watching her .
tr	I	I eventually no longer had the energy to move my fins at all , and the thunder above caused the water to tremble .
tr	O	People were coming out of their houses now , but the Bradbury children ignored them .
tr	I	Diego grinned at him , and the general whirled around .
tr	I	Anderson was as close to her as he could get , and Romy was already at the very end of the row .
tr	I	Half listened to his end of the conversation and I sat in the chair alongside his desk .
tr	I	They continued to dig , working in the last light of the summer evening and no one replied .
tr	O	I want to know each word , each syllable , verbatim , and I dare you to say exact words aren 't important .
tr	O	I 'll always be there for you and you 'll always be there for me .
tr	O	I 'm actually walking straight into a lion 's den and there 's no turning back now .
tr	I	The training at RIM enhances it , and getting an impression is something any magician can do to a certain extent .
tr	I	He returned the gesture , and I nodded at him .
tr	O	I might look like a monster , but I 'm not .
tr	O	Those doors led to the throne room , to the very seat of imperial power , and they were tightly closed .
tr	I	I cracked a smile and his voice was dry .
tr	I	Suddenly a question arose and she tried to envision Perry flying .
tr	I	Some folks call me Walker , like Walker , Texas Ranger , because I used to be an army ranger , or you can call me Liam .
tr	O	Zip followed and Tessa leaned into the quick turn .
tr	O	All he knew now was fighting and it didn 't matter for whom .
tr	I	There was no way I could stay there with her , but she 's alone .
tr	I	Something made me pray for warmth too , but I prayed for him to be alive .
tr	O	She 's stuck on something in her head again and I don 't know what to do about it .
tr	I	I kept working and I hung up .
tr	O	You get a boat and she 'll be your anchor here in the harbor .
tr	I	I would have one of my contacts assault you , get you into hospital , which triggers it to start working , and you 'd return home .
tr	O	He smiled a lot , but that wasn 't unusual .
tr	I	She refused to give up , but Ainsley let out her breath .
tr	I	She didn 't have any legs left to run on , and she 's the poor lass who owned the other flat .
tr	I	You were smashing right through every wall that I put up , but I tried to keep a distance between us .
tr	I	I lay back against the ground with his hands on either side of my face , and he leaned in close to my face .
tr	I	She looked great , and I think I 've seen Marissa in it before .
tr	O	He never lost sleep over what the next day would bring , and for the most part he didn 't dwell on the past .
tr	I	I grabbed three more to be sure , but a dozen handheld wrenches were probably enough .
tr	O	The Fellowship was nothing that she had expected , and the discovery left her numb , in shock .
tr	O	I was grateful when the bell rang and I could escape .
tr	I	I do not know why , and she will not see me .
tr	O	It wasn 't what I 'd planned , but I can 't deny it any longer .
tr	O	She was the daughter of Titans , and she wasn 't merely a goddess .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to tell him where he could shove his assumptions , but his last words caught me off-guard .
tr	O	We did not have to fight and that let us breathe .
tr	O	He opened his mouth to explain and I put my fingers over it .
tr	O	Her legs touch the ground and her hands are on her knees as she pants , trying to catch her breath from our kiss .
tr	I	If you don 't trust him , then you 'll never find out , and he sounds like a decent boy .
tr	I	I command that you take note of this , and we have also seen a mark of birth on the child .
tr	O	My voice still sounded dubious , and he could hear that .
tr	O	My cheeks burned , but I refused to look away .
tr	O	At the last class she 'd mentioned her children but Courtney hadn 't paid that much attention .
tr	I	He was right more often than not , but Dr Jensen was the first to admit his potential fallibility .
tr	O	It was obvious they had left in a hurry , and Heather assumed it was the arrival of the black ships .
tr	I	The shine had returned , but it had been ages .
tr	I	I slid inside , automatically snapping on my seatbelt , and he opened the door for me .
tr	I	I know nothing about you and you 've suddenly walked into my life .
tr	I	I was no match for his strength , but I tried to wriggle away from his touch .
tr	I	It makes me feel good , but I 've never seen them like this .
tr	I	Milton turned to the projection that showed the battle and Nisha nodded .
tr	I	She had some answers , and I had some questions .
tr	I	I don 't know their names , but there were some other men .
tr	O	The September air was still sticky with the summer heat , and a bunch of kids played baseball in their front yards .
tr	I	He knew that he did , yet Celestino puzzled over the idea that he did not exist .
tr	O	My eyes ask for permission and she nods .
tr	O	She didn 't know how she knew , but she did .
tr	I	Soon enough I realized it was me , and as had happened when I 'd killed Augusta , I was vaguely aware someone was screaming .
tr	O	They were outside of the US and there were no papers signed .
tr	I	The Secret Service is unreachable and the police won 't take me seriously .
tr	I	Courtney answers her cell and he begins to laugh .
tr	I	The power grid operated at full capacity , and it was another hot , July day .
tr	I	He crushed his mouth against mine , his tongue slipping between my lips and his hand gripped my face .
tr	O	Her bottom lip was caught between her teeth , and the thought of claiming that lush mouth with various parts of his body nearly made him hard .
tr	O	She was clearly upset , but what had she expected ?
tr	O	I know I 'm overreacting , but I can 't help it .
tr	I	That 's not what my question is about , but the rest of the world calls them Yen .
tr	O	He was the handsomest guy in the school , and he could 've invited anyone .
tr	O	Looking left , looking right , and left again at every crossing .
tr	O	Gannon grasped her at the last moment , and her eyes flew open as she righted herself .
tr	O	The muscles in his legs flexed each time his foot crushed against the ground , and a smile crept across my cheeks .
tr	O	She knows this joy is just an interlude , like the campfire , and a great darkness lies beyond it .
tr	O	Gray wanted to know more , but Kat waved Jason to continue .
tr	O	A shadow crossed over her face and she eased her way out of the chair .
tr	O	Their faces are drawn and the ladies weep .
tr	O	I held my breath , but that didn 't happen .
tr	I	We leave and we land .
tr	O	She spoke to the two men Max had seen with her on the street , and their avid gazes betrayed their heated masculine appreciation .
tr	I	I shook them off , but his words seemed to lodge somewhere in my chest .
tr	I	Then I remember nothing , and the beggar woman took us into a tiny court a little way down the street .
tr	O	That 's why I was late but I can 't guarantee that you weren 't .
tr	O	You can pilfer your office for survival stuff , and I 'll pilfer mine .
tr	O	My eyes filled with fresh tears and I wiped them with the corner of my pillow as I thought back .
tr	O	The car had air conditioning , but Will didn 't seem to care .
tr	O	My head ached , and when I moved , pain shot down my side .
tr	O	We both smile and I 'm in a time warp again .
tr	O	I knew he didn 't say it to hurt me , but it did little to lessen the sting of his words .
tr	O	It had been a very long time since someone had held me , and I was sure it had been even longer for her .
tr	O	I twisted the throttle towards me , and the bike jerked forward with sudden speed .
tr	O	James would gladly pay Prudence a salary to work for him , and he 'd stayed away from her as long as he could .
tr	O	I yelled , wanting to point but afraid to let go .
tr	I	Kate had to fight down the urge to scream and there was talk by Gage 's management of booking more dates .
tr	I	I don 't want you to move unless you have to , but Scorch will bring you some food .
tr	O	The islander 's head tilted and his brow furrowed .
tr	I	She shivered just the same , but it wasn 't cold .
tr	O	A murmur rippled through the council , and I sat up straighter .
tr	O	He started to reach for Phoebe , but she stepped deeper into the room .
tr	O	It 's rude , disrespectful , and I won 't have it in my house .
tr	I	Sophia had been coming to coffee for over a year , but this added a level of tension that hadn 't existed before .
tr	O	He wanted to say , but he had no voice .
tr	I	Again there was something odd about his gaze , and he looked at me one final time before he passed out of sight .
tr	I	As he lay there in front of the house , Laxman fled from the scene and the priest was bleeding profusely .
tr	I	She didn 't look back and he would be coming for her next .
tr	O	I look up at him and he 's grinning at me over the top of his glass .
tr	I	She needed sleep , and the night was getting old .
tr	O	Excitement pumped through her , but the stress from the past few days had started to wear her down .
tr	I	Number six left no room to hedge , and they were even numbered for easy reference .
tr	O	A muscle ticked in my father 's jaw but his expression didn 't change .
tr	O	It was crude , but Nathan was impressed .
tr	I	Then the scene slips away entirely as I 'm flooded with a memory , and I gasp .
tr	I	My license had already been revoked , but normally I would have disappeared as soon as possible .
tr	O	He turned to walk out of the room but she called out to him .
tr	O	John loved me , and I wasn 't his real daughter .
tr	I	I have too many enemies , and I 'm not above reproach .
tr	I	She wondered if any of the positive energy had taken hold and Lauren had decided to toss Clara 's log in for good measure .
tr	I	Della looked up from the computer and Kylie walked out her bedroom door .
tr	I	I wanted to bask in his presence a while longer and Leif was all I had .
tr	I	Damon sat quickly , and called an officer .
tr	O	He had a tendency to be an ass but he had always treated her fairly .
tr	O	He 's upped his daily shower intake to three since Skyla 's been in town , and I 'm guessing I know why .
tr	O	She is no longer plucking at her bodice , and her heart is beating a little more steadily .
tr	I	He listened , then relaxed and the police scanner squawked again .
tr	O	His erection sprung out , and he heard Abbey gasp .
tr	I	He shook his head , but she turned to Carmine , raising her eyebrows , expecting him to offer some sort of real explanation .
tr	I	Not many people would believe him , but he was .
tr	O	My whole body is trembling , but there 's no time to think .
tr	O	I could have gotten to him then and Grace would never have been involved .
tr	O	I struggle to sit , but I 'm held down by something .
tr	I	Since she was with her dad I figured she would be fine , but I hesitated , not wanting to leave Meena around all the workers .
tr	I	He 's not even shivering , and I glance at Davis again .
tr	O	Paul had been out making deliveries , and Misty really didn 't know where he was .
tr	O	My pulse was even , and my skin wasn 't tingling like it usually did when he touched me .
tr	I	I don 't know if I can be anything more , but I will always be that .
tr	O	Meat juices flooded my mouth and I couldn 't help the rumble of pleasure that rolled up my throat .
tr	O	He pulled his jacket over his head , and then the airborne flamingos began hitting him .
tr	O	I stay well out of his way , as his nose ain 't quite so pretty no more and he knows who to blame .
tr	I	Miss Maren had carefully stamped out his ambitions , but at one time , Quinn thought he 'd like to become a geneticist like Dr. Martine .
tr	I	It was pointless , but she tried breathing through her mouth to avoid smelling anything .
tr	I	Certainly she had been known to let her attention wander , but Glenda was for the most part good at her job .
tr	I	We have to acknowledge the fact that he just might , and he obviously thinks he knows something that we don 't .
tr	O	Your dinners are fun , but you also go out sometimes after work .
tr	O	The chatter in the cafeteria died off at once , and everyone 's gaze fell upon me .
tr	I	It took him a moment to collect himself before speaking and a reminder of his family stole away Dan 's nerve .
tr	I	The rose in it and he revealed his hand .
tr	I	They certainly didn 't carry that scent , but a few empty bags lay on the floor here .
tr	O	This party took place almost a century ago , yet Freak looks no different than he does today .
tr	I	We know she wouldn 't just give it up and it means a lot to her .
tr	O	The guys didn 't like me running off on my own but I reminded them that I was a highly trained federal agent .
tr	I	I held firm , but the action troubled her .
tr	O	She had been drugged and there was nothing he could do for her except allow whatever it was to wear off .
tr	O	The monitor was turned off , and Nancy watched me .
tr	O	Too much had happened in too little time and my brain was struggling to keep up .
tr	O	It didn 't have no handle and it didn 't have no blade .
tr	O	Both men were looking straight at Shane , and the fear in their eyes was boundless .
tr	O	Suddenly he took off like a shot , and I was flung off into the road .
tr	I	His hands were big enough to discourage making him angry on purpose , but he could be a bit slow in the head .
tr	I	Rest secure in the reasons why I cast him away , but I lament his departure .
tr	O	If he was making any noise , I couldn 't hear it - and as a wolf my hearing was pretty keen .
tr	I	The top tier of Meka handlers made that much money easily , but it was hard to imagine that kind of wealth .
tr	I	I was aware of every part of his body that was lightly pressed against mine and my skin started burning .
tr	I	He felt this one was justified , but Connie was not accustomed to telling lies .
tr	O	I wanted to hug her but I didn 't .
tr	I	Everyone quits from burnout but it won 't do any good if we win the work .
tr	I	It is a workable goal but it is a long shot .
tr	I	I enjoyed one when I got it , and I didn 't have many of those .
tr	O	Dr. Todd smiled and I sat there sort of dumb struck .
tr	I	Then he reached for the waistband of my leggings , and he left me long enough to shuck his jeans .
tr	O	She swung around quickly , but her welcoming smile faded when she realized the masked man standing before her wasn 't Nate .
tr	O	It 's pointless of me to even care , but I hope not .
tr	O	Each movement she made as she walked aroused him , and he shifted in his chair to ease the discomfort .
tr	O	I 'd seen the movie more than a hundred times , but I wasn 't going to admit that to Nick either .
tr	O	She may have known about the supernatural , but she had never seen anything like a Sea Hag .
tr	O	The shore was reached only by scaling the cliff , but a small beach area was present at low tides .
tr	I	Angie was on the outskirts of Seattle and now it was almost noon .
tr	I	I couldn 't bring myself to think about what the consequences of his words implied , but I knew we had to be practical .
tr	O	What she was doing with him was insane and yet she couldn 't seem to stop herself .
tr	O	We aren 't perfect by any means , but we do intend to do our best .
tr	O	It was termed a Speculation buy rather than an Investment by the loan officer , and those in the industry knew what that meant .
tr	O	Chapter Five The members of the crew who had descended from the ship to collect McBride were both carrying pistols , but they needn 't have bothered .
tr	O	Once she was alone , she stepped under the streetlight and I saw a thin sheen of sweat covering her skin .
tr	I	You are like Peter Pan and I 'm like Cinderella .
tr	O	I knew he loved me every time he looked at me , and every time we made love , branding me as his own .
tr	I	Her craving for Jess Calhoun knew no bounds , and her mind seemed to be shutting down altogether .
tr	I	He shuddered out a breath , and I traced my hand down his stomach to the top of his shorts .
tr	I	I felt confident , assured , but this should have been unfamiliar territory .
tr	O	I knew this was coming , but I didn 't want to talk about it yet .
tr	O	It means ' heart ' in Spanish and that is what Melinda is to me .
tr	I	Elena glanced at him sharply , but he sounded only mildly interested .
tr	I	Her eyes were no longer smiling and when he shifted slightly , she gasped .
tr	O	Some tales are credible , some rather tall ; but few of them bear any dates at all .
tr	O	The first thing she saw was his manhood , and it had a detrimental effect on her composure .
tr	O	# No train waited at the platform , but the first rumble of an approach sounded .
tr	O	He clamped his hands between his knees , but it didn 't stop them from shaking .
tr	O	He didn 't know how long they played , but it felt great .
tr	O	Her gaze zeroed in on the tan column of his neck , and she swayed slightly .
tr	I	I blocked his way once more , staring him down , but he tried to side-step me .
tr	O	His gaze changed from copper to bright , glowing green , and his smile bared teeth that now had two sharp fangs .
tr	I	Raven 's body tingled under the heat of his gaze , yet it was unnerving .
tr	I	He stopped her , but she reached in to get the satchel she carried almost everywhere .
tr	O	She had always regarded me with an adulation that I never quite understood , but the look in her eyes was new to me .
tr	I	We 've had rain the last four days , but usually the road isn 't this bad .
tr	I	This time vivid images of how they would please each other flashed relentlessly in his head , but he pictured it again .
tr	O	There was a series of explosions outside , and gunfire peppered the front of the house .
tr	I	I hear younger men are the ' in thing ' these days , but I 'm probably older than he .
tr	I	From the very start it seemed as if they had been friends since birth and their shared love of the written word brought them together .
tr	O	All I 'd have to do is tell him and then , everything would be okay .
tr	I	He was riding all out , but she tried to catch up to get a better look at him as they rode .
tr	O	Nobody will notice her until it 's too late , and then we 'll be handing her a million dollars .
tr	I	I had bad days in death , and 12 I had good days in death .
tr	O	I hold one out and Sawyer takes a bite as I sit on his lap on the couch .
tr	I	Two of them pulled and his mouth was infected again , although it had been only a month since his teeth were cleaned .
tr	O	Diamond failed to see six children as great need , but his Queen asked , therefore he answered .
tr	I	He could at least manage a few creature comforts for Miranda , but the apartment was a dump .
tr	I	She wasn 't at all good at it and it wasn 't a very nice thing to do .
tr	O	Now I don 't normally drink tea , but in that moment it seemed like the thing to do .
tr	I	We hurried on over to the other side and the bridge we stood on started to break away .
tr	I	There was no going back and Alyce had crossed the line .
tr	O	I opened my mouth , and then it hit me .
tr	O	It was almost Labor Day , and I wasn 't going anywhere .
tr	I	His fingers dug in , and his free hand seized my bare shoulder .
tr	I	I felt slightly exposed coming down from a roller coaster orgasm and his eyes were on me .
tr	O	Gorilla skin was black , and eyes were dark brown .
tr	I	The accusation in his eyes hurt , and he looked up at me .
tr	O	Another thought flashed through her mind , and she stiffened , turning her gaze once more to the fields beyond the window .
tr	I	Jake strode out and the door opened behind him .
tr	O	You didn 't let me do it alone , and I 'm not going to let you .
tr	O	I wanted to be a painter , but that didn 't pay the bills .
tr	O	She tried not to hurt people too much , but there was no helping it here .
tr	O	A quiet gasp falls from her mouth and I feel Charlie flinch .
tr	I	You can 't go on living in the same house as me , and you can 't go on working in the yard .
tr	O	You write funny stuff , but the truth is , your delivery sucks .
tr	O	The ache in her chest made breathing difficult and she knew it would only get worse the more time she spent with him .
tr	I	Sometimes , you didn 't need words , but neither of us said a word .
tr	I	We remembered that we weren 't alone in the room and all of a sudden we heard someone clear their throat .
tr	I	I wondered if the other Georgina melted like I did , and he gave me one of those little smiles of his .
tr	O	She turned back to look out the window and he headed for the kitchen .
tr	O	He might be mad , but he was certainly sincere .
tr	O	I wanted to stop him from his reckless act , but I was too weak to move properly .
tr	O	She would miss them terribly , visit often , but her life was here now , with Reyes .
tr	I	He 'd kill her , but the bastard might take her .
tr	O	He ran past and she dashed back the way they had come .
tr	I	I grabbed her arm before she could avoid me , and my cheeks flushed .
tr	O	For an eternity he stared , but he made no call , did not point in recognition .
tr	I	She closed her eyes against , the stabbing light , and he snapped on the bedside lamp again .
tr	O	Beams are holding it up and space for parking is below .
tr	I	Cameron smiled , guessing what her reaction might be to that statement , and the woman laughed out loud .
tr	I	He never let anyone see it , but some days , his memories made life really hard .
tr	I	I couldn 't resist tugging it into my mouth , and that little silver ring begged to be sucked on .
tr	O	Pleased , and a little saddened .
tr	I	Her husband had been quietly miserable , and Sandra had seemed insistent that we stay to dinner .
tr	O	Lucius looked at Devyn , then at me , and a light of understanding dawned in his eyes .
tr	I	She realized that it was coming from the bottom of the stairs , and nothing on the next floor either , though the scent grew stronger .
tr	I	Alex was starting the engine , and the men were just finishing untying the ropes they 'd used to bind the two boats together .
tr	O	Becoming excited himself , he must exert much more effort to throw the lid of this chest back , but the effort is promptly rewarded .
tr	I	I nearly bust my gut laughing , but she didn 't respond .
tr	O	Five others were in there with me , and for mattresses we lay on sacks stuffed with straw laid on the floor .
tr	I	He nudged it open with foot as he began to loosen his tie and the door was slightly ajar .
tr	I	It 's my own fault and he 's never going to stop until he finds me .
tr	I	The Spell Wizard appeared , and immediately there was a puff of purple smoke .
tr	O	I think I ´ m falling hard but I better be careful .
tr	O	My arm was badly hurt and my back was cramped .
tr	I	She pushed off but he kissed her back .
tr	O	I did already check on him once and I can always check on him later .
tr	I	Surely there 'd be more to make after , but she wanted to finish it before they married .
tr	I	I didn 't think it likely she would , but she could .
tr	O	It had been a week since we had arrived and I hadn 't found anything yet .
tr	O	Sheets of rain rushed down his windshield , and thunder grumbled in the distance .
tr	O	There were three young women on the screen , but one stood apart from the group .
tr	O	She detested this place and she wanted out .
tr	I	I lean back on my hands as he gently picks up my right foot and he guides me down to a seated position .
tr	O	I am still debating whether to send them inward to the state of Edmonton , but it is too remote .
tr	I	It didn 't help , but she pulled her T-shirt over the bottom half of her face .
tr	I	He 'd only been dead five years , and it was a little unsettling to him .
tr	O	The lawns rolled further away from the sidewalk and the houses grew farther apart .
tr	I	She was breathing very quickly , and when he withdrew his mouth from the First Lady 's , her cheeks were flushed pink .
tr	I	None of them pale green , but the locking cabinet smashed open , with med patches spilling out in all colors .
tr	I	His Wrangler come speeding out and I stand in shock as I watch the garage door slide open .
tr	I	No one speaks to me and I don 't speak to anyone .
tr	O	Trevor started to follow , and I turned on him .
tr	O	Sometimes it trickled and sometimes it spilled .
tr	I	I pulled her tighter to me and her body shuddered in my grip .
tr	O	His head ached and he felt tired .
tr	O	I have asked him this more times that I can count , and he refuses to answer me , reminding me of the bargain we made .
tr	I	I 'm not , and I 'm kidding .
tr	O	This limbo we 're all in is killing me , hurting them and I 'm the only one who can get us out of it .
tr	O	I wanted to open my eyes to look at Gideon for the last time , but I couldn 't do it .
tr	I	I need to know who you really are , but I don 't think you 're bad guys .
tr	O	I washed my hands with lye soap , but the paint was stuck to my fingernails .
tr	O	She could hear voices from Jax 's room , loud angry voices , and the sounds made her cringe .
tr	O	I 've made good time running today and I still have another half hour before Summer gets home .
tr	O	When he stopped talking , he opened his eyes and I saw all the need he hid so often .
tr	I	It was too late , but there might have been a better way to tell him .
tr	I	Sometimes I need a drink as much as the next guy , but I follow the same rules I give out .
tr	I	None too clean and the ship was battered .
tr	O	They were dressed to kill , and Olivia remembered asking a stranger to take their picture at the event they were attending at the French Embassy .
tr	I	He lost and Ben went .
tr	I	I needed to get some sleep and my head was starting to throb .
tr	O	I was cut open from throat to stomach , and all my insides were laid bare .
tr	O	We didn 't say anything for a while , but I could hear James breathing on the other end .
tr	I	Everyone left us alone , and we was sixteen then .
tr	I	Her head swam and her legs wobbled .
tr	O	Colton didn 't understand the process , but he was getting used to it .
tr	I	I 'd respected his privacy , just like he had mine , and I knew Owen had his secrets , just like I did .
tr	O	I held it out toward him , but his fingers stopped just short of it , as if he feared to touch it .
tr	O	The wind was directly behind the players and Bradford knew Buzz would be going all out , particularly being two down .
tr	I	Her hands were shaking so badly she almost dropped them , but she snatched them from the bed .
tr	I	It never got off the ground , but he planned to host the Blue Diamond Gala , as I think they call it .
tr	O	His name was Bob , and Bob did not laugh .
tr	O	A cold supper with his mother had followed , and he had struggled to make conversation .
tr	I	Together they walked on under the bridge , the traffic thundering over their heads and she fell into step beside him .
tr	O	Both propositions were risky , but both were necessary .
tr	O	The reservation desk was located where the carriage stopped , and they checked in .
tr	O	My fingers grasped the cool cast-iron lip of the antique tub , and I felt hands tighten around my wrist .
tr	I	I 'd be treated to a sliver of golden skin , and the tank needed just a slight nudge upward .
tr	O	It was at a high school ( so ages 14-18 ) , and it ended up with 24 dead , all of them teachers .
tr	I	He realized he enjoyed the companionship , something he 'd never really had before and a sense of normalcy settled over him .
tr	O	I told him where it came from , and he seemed to find the idea somewhat amusing .
tr	O	Theo 's voice was back and he wiped the tears away .
tr	I	When she was gone , I cursed , and she turned into the bedroom on the right .
tr	I	There is little I haven 't seen except for these rooms made from powder you speak of , and I am a god .
tr	I	I looked up to see those familiar green eyes staring right through me , and her voice stopped me in my tracks .
tr	O	She wanted him , and that knowledge swelled within him , making him feel powerful .
tr	I	I am thirty-eight years old and I have never been married .
tr	I	There were other papers scattered throughout the cabin but the pile on the desk was organized .
tr	I	I did and I wanted to learn to knit .
tr	O	I didn 't have a new best friend , but I had a perennial archenemy .
tr	O	In this case he provides me with fresh material and I provide him with things to shoot at .
tr	I	The movement did little to warm him , but he shifted his weight between his feet .
tr	O	I can 't take much more of this and I think she can sense it too .
tr	I	I don 't bother responding , but I know he 's talking about Realm .
tr	I	She bit her lower lip to hold back the tide that threatened to overwhelm her and Ready tears blurred her vision .
tr	I	Her eyes were practically shooting poison darts at him and her brows fell .
tr	O	I prayed it would stop , but it continued , growing louder .
tr	O	We were all quiet for a time , and then my dad cleared his throat .
tr	I	We both went skidding down the hill right into an enormous mud puddle and somewhere along the way he lost his footing .
tr	O	She gave me a pointed look as she pulled away and I could only lamely nod at those intense eyes .
tr	I	No , her eyes were wide open , but he 'd begun to wonder if she was asleep .
tr	I	It 's only making a bigger mess , but I hop off the hood , trying to clean the grease off with my hands .
tr	O	They thought it nonsense , and the few who did believe were ridiculed within their townships .
tr	O	He reached into his pocket , and his hand reappeared with a small heart affixed to a tangled chain .
tr	O	I love you , and I always will .
tr	O	It 's getting dark already and you 're not yet home .
tr	O	A noise behind her drew her upright , and she dashed her hand across her eyes again before turning .
tr	I	He turned to her and Nora was still walking trance-like .
tr	I	She fixed herself a screwdriver , and it was no skin off Kim 's nose .
tr	I	He didn 't seem to notice me , but Bry was examining the single large sail .
tr	O	There was only me and before me he was festering here , waiting to die .
tr	O	It was a feeling that had never left me , and it had only grown worse with Noah 's death .
tr	I	I walked away from him then and my hand slid from his grasp .
tr	I	My parents came running out and the camp door swung open .
tr	O	He 'd made me take a tour of the campus , and once I was in , he 'd forced me to accept .
tr	O	It 'll give you a few hours until your lawyer is back , and then you won 't have to worry about being thrown in jail .
tr	O	Brennan 's smile was contagious , and she found herself standing on her tiptoes to kiss him again .
tr	O	Ivan did not remember seeing Alice in school that day , but that was not a big surprise , she skipped out a lot .
tr	O	Three guards stood in the front hall , and several more waited outside beside a coach .
tr	O	Reaching out blindly , she touched his arm , felt his hand close around hers , and she snatched it back , pulling away .
tr	I	It caught me off guard , and she did this once before .
tr	O	His talents wane , but his authority remains .
tr	O	We stopped at one of the few shops that was still open and Jason got a cup of hot chocolate to go .
tr	O	It didn 't seem like he supported any of this , but he never said it outright .
tr	O	She makes a face and I laugh .
tr	I	If ever I had seen two miserable people , this was the occasion , and for a second the two men embraced .
tr	O	His eyes are turning red and his speech is a little unbalanced .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop and I started to sob .
tr	I	It was delicious , and our pizza arrived .
tr	O	Speed limits fifteen miles per hour in the school zone and she was doin ' well over twenty-five by the time she passed me .
tr	O	They had something , and she knew it .
tr	I	At times that confidence made him reckless , and Dave knew it , too .
tr	I	I truly couldn 't believe I had been dressed like that the whole time and it was terribly ridiculous .
tr	I	She was about to discover that using fouls may have been a bad idea , but Payton 's opponent rushed in .
tr	O	He had feelings for her , but the idea of labeling them left him scrambling for a response .
tr	I	I found myself answering him , and he kept whispering to me .
tr	I	He gestured for us to follow him inside , and by that point the second thug had reappeared .
tr	O	The people who would get an email through would be somebody who knew the email , but the sender was unfamiliar .
tr	O	She understood the risks and yet she wouldn 't leave this battleground willingly .
tr	I	By then he had her out here alone , but by then she would 've known she 'd made a mistake .
tr	I	He didn 't put his hand on my arm to help me in but he opened the door for me .
tr	O	You didn 't have a mother and I didn 't have a father .
tr	O	I had a gig that night , and it was an important one .
tr	I	I needed to get there and that light represented my way home .
tr	O	Eden 's black eyes flickered up to mine and we shared an understanding look .
tr	I	Deckard went through and he swept aside a thick curtain .
tr	O	He snapped at her , but she didn 't flinch .
tr	O	He pulled his gun up to his eye to have a better look and he spotted long , blonde hair peeking from underneath a green camouflage hat .
tr	I	He might as well have , but he didn 't say that .
tr	I	I could guess what that was going to lead to , and he was clearly still in his sour mood .
tr	O	The wind was freezing , and he wanted more than anything to get her into a warm , safe place .
tr	O	He 's got blood streaming everywhere and he 's asking me if I 'm okay .
tr	I	She 's very good at manipulation , and she 's smart .
tr	I	I will not be around here when it happens , and I 'll file for bankruptcy next week .
tr	O	That 's what I wished I could say , but I didn 't want to give him the satisfaction .
tr	O	Mia smiled at him , but he didn 't smile back .
tr	O	That burst of heat he was almost getting used to happened again with that simple touch , but he paid no attention to that , either .
tr	I	She didn 't want the other woman to know it , but hannah hadn 't a clue what Cheryl was talking about .
tr	O	The boy smiled at the joke , but he looked more scared than tickled .
tr	I	The one consistent thing was the way Jacques was with her , but Shea had taken a long time to assimilate all the information .
tr	I	She began to laugh and he quickly looked up .
tr	O	The brush rustled gently behind her , and Amara 's heart started beating very quickly .
tr	O	His jacket was spattered with dirt and his trainers were caked in it , along with his jeans .
tr	O	It wouldn 't have been a first choice , but he looked amazing anyway .
tr	I	She was actively working to sabotage him , yet Sara was supposed to be mentoring him .
tr	I	She averted her face , and her smile died slowly .
tr	I	It was only getting worse the longer this marriage lasted , and it had been asking for trouble right from the jump .
tr	I	He wasn 't willing to leave Jake 's input completely out of the planning process , and Burly had a hunch that Jake was onto something .
tr	O	Night noises sounded all around them , and Connie gripped her sister 's hand .
tr	O	It was an inexact routine but it certainly seemed to work .
tr	O	His voice sounded strained , but he got the words out at least .
tr	O	The words had made her feel sick , but it was too late to turn back .
tr	O	The landing gear relaxed and the fuselage settled down , close to the pavement ; like a bird settling over its eggs .
tr	O	He did , and it was more bone .
tr	O	Joseph told him to lie still and when the driver translated this the man did as he was told .
tr	O	The crowd was there to see a beheading , and they cheered loudly .
tr	I	Sara still couldn 't swim straight and it had been close to an hour .
tr	I	He looked it , and he was a poor boy from Montgomery who spent too many nights boozing on an Alabama lake .
tr	I	Sally stared at Jack , waiting to be enlightened and the waiter departed .
tr	O	Her lips had lost their color , and her already pale cheeks had turned white .
tr	O	It 's probably wrong that we 're doing this but Eli bet me an entire month of his pay from the club that it will work .
tr	O	Sparrows eat seeds , but owls prefer mice .
tr	O	asked Agnes , and Dreamer nodded .
tr	I	Those favored humans who had been visited by them , and she did her best to distract her sister with stories of the gods , the demigods .
tr	I	My stomach churned and when I thought about this , my chest got tight .
tr	O	Three motorcycles pulled up and the man in charge shut down his engine .
tr	O	Each team in the Series A gets three American players , and they usually get meal money , maybe some rent .
tr	I	He wouldn 't get any answers at that moment , but Ken could stand there for a long time with a cascade of questions .
tr	I	The needle stung as it slid into my neck , and his knee replaced his foot between my shoulder blades .
tr	I	I halted Posy near the second path and pulling back on the reins .
tr	I	Mason could see the tiny tattoos stretched on the backs of her fingers and her knuckles were white .
tr	I	It never lasted , but Andra knew that Nika had a tendency to go days without eating .
tr	I	He stared at the table as if it would make a good bed and when we broke apart , Will had that blazing look on his face .
tr	O	Caitlin 's eyes grew as wide as the plate itself , and she started eating as soon as it was set down .
tr	I	He managed to struggle back to his feet , but he was clearly in pain .
tr	I	That could be the same objective with Harry , and you say that you are looking for his briefcase .
tr	O	They turned to go and I headed for Wren .
tr	O	Felix nodded , and his breathing slowed .
tr	I	I play with her hair , breathing in her vanilla scent and she rests her head on my chest .
tr	I	I think he might have some pull with a rehab center in town and I know a guy that owes me .
tr	O	I pushed to my feet , but Crystal grabbed my hand to stop me .
tr	I	As they stepped farther into it , the light brightened , but the rather narrow room they had entered was somewhat dark .
tr	O	He noticed the redhead place her hand on the officer 's gun and he backed off .
tr	I	His face lit up and Zoey smiled at Tristan .
tr	O	she questions and her brow rises .
tr	O	This time it was my voice that rose several octaves , and tears threatened behind my eyes .
tr	O	We had two hours to get to the airport and we didn 't live close at all .
tr	I	Raj held me in time , but I was about to fall .
tr	O	You 're already engaged to him , but the two of you cooked up this little stunt to make a fool out of me .
tr	O	I know a couple who have suffered a bad enough wound the limb was hanging by a bare thread of skin and it healed .
tr	O	You were mated for what , two hundred years , and you never bonded to Georgette ?
tr	O	What we need to know is if something 's missing , and Dale 's probably the most likely to know .
tr	I	I saw in her eyes she was disappointed , but nodding , she tried to put on a brave face .
tr	O	Her brothers may be overprotective when it came to her , but Tom York was even more so .
tr	O	I reach down to ease the phone out of his hand , but he pulls it away .
tr	I	He 'd be chasing all of Alex 's records , and give him a few more years in the majors .
tr	O	Priscilla was her only true friend in the world and now she would hate her for being so devious .
tr	O	We have done what we can , and a surgeon has been sent for .
tr	I	In the end Zane was responsible for his own safety , and Zane would shake him easily .
tr	I	His eyes were hard , angry , but I thought he would be sad .
tr	O	Tears streaked down his face and his hands began to shake .
tr	I	Kira forced herself not to react , but that same hand gave her breast a rough squeeze next .
tr	O	He turns , and seeing my expression , which I can only imagine looks terrified , he replies .
tr	O	Blood was roaring through his ears and he had to shout to hear himself .
tr	I	I doubted they had brought more weapons than a belt knife , but they were strong fighters .
tr	O	he asked , and when I didn 't answer , he reached forward with a bloodied hand .
tr	O	She lunged forward , but I was ready .
tr	I	It slowly faded with flames and the white fox fiend growled .
tr	O	My eyes snapped open and the ringing started again .
tr	I	Neither did the little gargoyle , so I remain on my guard , but he does not stir at my approach .
tr	I	She arched against the warm pressure of his leg between hers and the pressure of his gentle torment made her ache for more .
tr	I	This was too much , but she had encouraged him to speak .
tr	O	I knew Derek was somehow important to the coven , but I wasn 't expecting him to have all that legendary history backing him up .
tr	I	I am fighting really hard to stay put and this uncontrollable urge to fly down the mountain has overcome me .
tr	I	He was forty-six years old , and she was twenty-three years old .
tr	I	For me to know I 'm afraid is good , but I can 't show it .
tr	I	He pinched the bridge of his nose between the fingers of his right hand , and his eyes closed .
tr	I	He looked up into her eyes and Marcos ' vision cleared a little .
tr	I	I thought about kicking him several times , and he wasn 't gentle with his flying .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure the boy had heard him but he didn 't have time to ask again .
tr	I	She realized that his eyes as well were threatening tears , and his anguish was so poignant that she began to cry .
tr	O	It had felt fine when she got up that morning , but she had obviously overtaxed the recently injured ankle .
tr	I	None bracketed his chiseled lips and fewer lines fanned from his eyes .
tr	O	He couldn 't move any faster , yet it was not fast enough .
tr	I	At least he 'd let go of the club , letting it hang from a strap on his wrist , but he snorted , clearly disbelieving .
tr	I	Things could go back to normal and she could get her car back .
tr	O	My muscles protest when I stand up and my fingers are numb from the cold .
tr	O	My blood froze and I stepped back .
tr	I	I know he isn 't asleep yet , but his eyes are closed .
tr	O	He moved to console her , and every inch of him complained .
tr	O	His mom was my high school biology teacher , and she was one of my all-time favorite teachers .
tr	I	Words wouldn 't come , but she tried to speak .
tr	I	It would hold me just as effectively , but the room may not have looked like a traditional prison cell .
tr	I	It grew larger by the day , and her absence had left an enormous void .
tr	I	Mandy laughing , sitting shoulder to shoulder and Al last night she 'd watched him .
tr	I	They will not remain in place for very long and it should not be necessary to use very many needles .
tr	I	Halliday was intrigued by it and the constable gave Horace a darting look .
tr	I	Then he links arms with me , and he gets to his feet , glancing at Kayden as he walks by .
tr	O	I love Crewe like a son , but I can 't allow any more bloodshed in vain .
tr	O	He 'd been given very few breaks in his life , and now the one thing he cared for was at risk .
tr	I	It radiated such intensity that I was almost overwhelmed by it , but it was so soft .
tr	O	I 'd returned to the forest 's edge earlier to collect my gruesome accessories , and I shuddered at what I was about to do .
tr	I	I am an easy target tonight , and it 's a vicious cycle .
tr	O	He was glad to know what was behind all the vomiting , but he hated giving her up .
tr	O	I wake up in bed , and it just doesn 't even occur to me to go .
tr	I	I was regaining my humanity , but it had taken nearly eight hundred years .
tr	O	Marco looked at me for a moment , his eyes becoming liquid , and then gently kissed mine closed .
tr	O	I would have killed him if I could , yet there was no denying he was already dead .
tr	O	Part of me wanted to run after him , but I stopped myself .
tr	I	I was still her father , and I hadn 't been instructed not to .
tr	I	She could escape , the better and the sooner they were back at the hotel .
tr	O	She told herself it was just from low blood sugar , but she knew it was something more .
tr	O	You 're wounded inside , and those wounds are festering .
tr	I	The other was curled on her stomach and one hand was draped over her brow .
tr	O	Marty was behind me then , and I hadn 't heard him .
tr	I	Here it was , being offered to me on a plate and this is exactly what I wanted to do with my life .
tr	O	All I could think about was you being hurt and it frightened me to my core .
tr	O	Hermann explained that one of the Count 's business managers had owned the home , and it was possible that the man was still living there .
tr	I	Two monks were at the reins , and it looked like a coffin cart , with two souls in boxes .
tr	O	He has claimed lordship over all this land , and there has been war between us for many months .
tr	O	You make sure you and the others have that rest tomorrow .
tr	O	We pull into the clearing , and he kills the engine .
tr	I	They had no meaning , but words chased themselves through the air .
tr	I	My mouth was bone dry like the sands of the Sahara , and my heart was a beating , wild mess in my chest .
tr	I	Some of them are wasting it being depressed but we 're all working hard here for them to have manifest life .
tr	I	I knew better , but I checked the garage to see if Tristan 's Jag was still there .
tr	O	Maybe they did not want to be contacted he thought , or far worse maybe they were up to no good .
tr	I	She took a step backward , and it began to turn away .
tr	O	It had been a long time since he took a boat out for pure pleasure and he was glad that Vanya had suggested the idea .
tr	O	Judith 's car had been parked out front when he passed the first time , but there was no sign of Raphael .
tr	I	His eyes flashed dark fire , and his brow furrowed .
tr	I	It was there , but it was like seeing it through a fog .
tr	I	She squeezed Rich 's hand and her eyes widened .
tr	O	Then he turned a bit , and his eyes met Reece 's .
tr	I	Her wide eyes gave her away , but Lucy was trying to be calm .
tr	O	My mind was racing , desperately searching for any kind of next move , but it was like trying to catch the wind in my hands .
tr	O	My tone came out surprisingly calm , and I was a little startled to realize that my nerves were calm too .
tr	I	I was comforted that she was alive , breathing , okay , yet it terrified me that she 'd witnessed that side of me .
tr	I	I stood shivering as I watched for Cadmus and the cold penetrated me from the outside in .
tr	O	His smile faded and his gaze intensified .
tr	I	I hadn 't moved a finger , but that was exactly what I had wanted to do to him .
tr	I	I could even send another deputy if you 'd prefer that , or I can be there if you want me to be there .
tr	O	Zeke started to answer but Willow cut him off .
tr	O	I gave it a thump , and it squeaked in outrage .
tr	I	Everyone yelled in surprise and Sir Horace lurched out from under - neath the pile of coats .
tr	O	She had spent Christmas with the Bernards in Eastbourne , and I had missed her terribly .
tr	I	It at least frees up their other troops , but their borders are more secure , that regimental system of theirs is a joke .
tr	I	There were the occasional exceptions but the day to day operations routinely took care of themselves .
tr	O	He lifts his chin and we stop at a corner , waiting for the light to change .
tr	O	At least he understood why she was upset , and he wasn 't going to pretend otherwise .
tr	I	Reality 's bite feels like a missing body part , but I can 't understand the logic , having never carried a gun myself .
tr	I	I sat back up and that piqued my interest .
tr	O	I hate her so much and I want her to die .
tr	I	His light-blue eyes that nearly matched his father 's met mine , and he shrugged .
tr	O	His chest stilled , as if she 'd taken his breath away , and his hands flattened on the comforter .
tr	I	That same guy will have miraculously come back to life and I can load it up again .
tr	I	Tension didn 't , but his alarm drained .
tr	O	She wished she had more energy , but last night had taken its toll .
tr	I	Standing against him had taken all the cold away , and she 'd been so awfully cold in the garden .
tr	I	A guy stepped in and Harry didn 't have time to get out his next question because the door opened .
tr	O	His eyes flare with disapproval and I stop for a moment .
tr	I	He was easily able to follow her blatant trail of broken twigs until it suddenly ended , but she ran fast .
tr	O	She was trying to put on a brave front , but I knew she was torn apart inside .
tr	O	We weren 't back to the half flirtation half friendship we 'd had before the accident , but we were getting there .
tr	I	I always made sure to correct them , but unfortunately a few people called her Piggy behind her back .
tr	I	It was forced , unnatural , but suddenly the air felt very easy , the opposite of just a few moments before .
tr	O	McBride remembered to call his mother , tell her the matter had been resolved , and there was no further need for caution .
tr	O	The waves were getting taller and she was pulling me under .
tr	I	His smile was disarming , but his gaze was intense .
tr	O	They knew something was up , but they didn 't know what .
tr	O	A bouncer in black leather tried to tell him to move on , but Sam flashed his pentagram badge .
tr	O	Your northern nobles are a greedy lot , and they 're involved in the arms trade .
tr	I	The first floor apartment was vacant , so I just treated the whole space as mine , but I was on the second floor .
tr	I	While they march , they do not fight , and it will be many days before they meet .
tr	O	I recognized the light footsteps of Nance , and presently , she trotted into the lantern 's feeble glow .
tr	O	He shot me a crooked smile , and we walked out of the building .
tr	I	Her thoughts were stopped in their tracks and the shop bell rang .
tr	O	She tried to muffle the phone but I heard her talking to Gavin .
tr	O	She looked as though she was swaying a bit , but she answered his questioning look in a steady voice .
tr	O	He had expected many reactions from this man , but affection was not one of them .
tr	I	My lawyer told me I had to choose something , but my name is not Mara Dyer .
tr	O	The room was dark , but a sudden flash of lightning showed that it was a small sitting room .
tr	O	She had her new job , and she was fixing up her apartment .
tr	O	She flies at me like Sara does , crashing into me , but it feels different .
tr	O	Her lips were red and she wore impressive high heels accentuating her mile-long legs .
tr	I	This time I take it , and he offers his card again .
tr	O	Amara wearily called Cirrus to bend light , and she watched the taken for a moment .
tr	I	Answers demanded as confusion abounded and voices were quickly raised .
tr	I	That was something he would never take from me , and I was still Queen of the Skies .
tr	I	He had lit a fire of desire she thought long dead , yet she hadn 't known Ryan a week .
tr	I	We made small talk with them , and more people came up to Doyle .
tr	O	I follow Knox 's directions and I run into a couple walking down the steps .
tr	I	We believed them , but we thought them stupid .
tr	I	She grabbed my hand , and I shook my head .
tr	O	He laces my hand through his , but stills as my charm bracelet brushes his wrist .
tr	O	You 're safe and I 'm here .
tr	O	It sped toward me , and I caught it reflexively .
tr	I	She gave me a sardonic grin and one of her pale eyebrows arched sexily .
tr	I	His family has worked for mine for generations and he has known me since we were boys .
tr	I	Stefan plunged relentlessly inside of me and our bodies moved together as one .
tr	O	It had been a couple of weeks but she was still getting used to her new job .
tr	O	Bronwen is friendly as Robert was , and everyone seems to like her immediately .
tr	O	My throat tightens , and I cough to relieve the pressure .
tr	O	Domenico could see that Misty was seriously miserable and he pulled her in his arms .
tr	O	Paris prepared to follow Riyad , but a hand on his elbow stopped him .
tr	I	It was all I could do to shuffle one foot in front of the next , and Kristin was getting heavier .
tr	O	He pulled against Abigail 's hand , but she didn 't let him go .
tr	I	Daisy knew she would never breathe a word about it , and he 'd never confided in anyone else .
tr	O	Some of the wolves growled low , but Chase only laughed .
tr	I	I will explain all , and I won 't run away .
tr	I	She was still holding that stupid Zima , but Georgie tried to fold her arms .
tr	O	My body only felt , and at that time , one feeling ruled al - thirst .
tr	O	She forced a breath out and a wave of whisky hit me .
tr	I	When I looked up , the crowd had gone and the buildings were flashing by .
tr	I	I realized how deep that resentment toward his father really went and his expression didn 't change .
tr	I	We have found joy here , but I 'll admit I was furious in the beginning .
tr	O	Our luscious chocolate torte was served , and I noticed Jackson watching me intensely .
tr	I	Some men piled out and just then , thank goodness , a car pulled up behind the van .
tr	I	I answer anyway , but I am unsure of whom he has asked .
tr	I	She picked through my head as she stood there , and she was plastered , already .
tr	O	Loved him and essentially abandoned him , just as he believed his parents had .
tr	I	They are all holding onto the marker and it seems to work fine with three people as long as their total weight is below 600 pounds .
tr	I	He was told he could join on the following Monday and the interview was on a Friday .
tr	I	She nodded again , and tears pricked Emily 's eyes .
tr	I	That troubled him , and he remembered little of Rene 's death .
tr	O	She brought the hilt down at the base of his skull , and he went down like the rest .
tr	I	A familiar shadow moved stealthily inside , and the door behind me opened again .
tr	I	It 's not enough to keep me from reaching my friends but not knowing makes me leery .
tr	I	There was a certain neatness about him , but he wasn 't much of a dresser .
tr	I	Adrian immediately ran to my side , and I took a few halting steps toward the bush .
tr	I	It came , and he expected heated reaction .
tr	O	She was caught and there was no way she could get loose .
tr	O	I didn 't - couldn 't - believe what he said , but he had said all of this without an ounce of scorn .
tr	I	No one trusts the masks completely , but she has a mask .
tr	O	I tried to give him a smile , but I could feel that it looked forced .
tr	I	Boarding twenty-five made for long days , considering each dog also needed to be walked , but it wasn 't so bad when there were fifteen .
tr	O	Trig shouldn 't be allowed to form a soul mate , but it does .
tr	O	Her voice wasn 't its usual vibrant self , and I was immediately worried that something had happened .
tr	I	Even force a smile and I rub her cheek a few times .
tr	O	His brown hair was down to his chin , and a tattoo peeked out from under his collar .
tr	I	Conrad muttered something under his breath , and at this the brothers laughed again .
tr	O	I thought she meant her husband , and I couldn 't imagine what sort of man would marry someone like her .
tr	O	Obviously she was frantic with worry over Morgan , but she 'd put on a good face for the crowd gathered in the tractor barn .
tr	O	His ankle burned where the silver had touched him , but he paid it little heed .
tr	I	She opened the door with a trembling hand and his knock came less than ten seconds later .
tr	I	My head is hanging over the other and my ass is high on one side .
tr	I	It 's amazing and I press my lips to his .
tr	O	Yes , some of the stuff they say is a little , um , questionable , but it makes me happy .
tr	I	You 're so much ... larger than he , but I know it amuses you to beat my fiance unconscious .
tr	I	I was decided , and we were beaten .
tr	O	The light above her intensified , and abruptly her struggles became weaker .
tr	O	He reached for the photograph and Briggs pulled it back .
tr	I	It dissolved before anything so bright actually formed , but Sarah started to smile .
tr	I	I had a feeling Juliet was with her , but we switched to trying to find Thea because of Blackie .
tr	I	I could see relief written on her face and she looked up at me with teary eyes .
tr	I	He hadn 't thought to stop and she 'd been eager , willing .
tr	O	The chains were on her tiny wrists , and I could see they were all cut up .
tr	I	No sound emerged but his mouth gaped .
tr	I	That 's pretty much what he was and he had always looked to me like the long-haired hippie English professor .
tr	I	He was still having trouble with it , and I could tell Director Milton was trying to piece together what he saw .
tr	O	The men had faces blank as stone , but their eyes moved ceaselessly , watching for any threat to their princess .
tr	I	I want you , and I know you .
tr	O	It was lined with poplars , maples , and another tree Neil did not know .
tr	I	It wasn 't like Bill was beating her up , but they thought Charlie 's relationship with Bill was horrible .
tr	I	Laughing when we were done , but we were covered in paint .
tr	O	This was what Ellie had implied but Carol had refused to accept it .
tr	O	His other hand fastened around my neck , and I heard my own choking noises .
tr	O	We leave our small town behind , the beauty of the countryside attempting to banish the visions that still haunt me , but they are still there .
tr	I	It 's happening again , and Money went missing when Gio first took over the company .
tr	O	The skin felt fragile , and her hand was cool .
tr	I	They thought this understandable , so I had a reprieve from having to answer , for a while at least , but I was still without words .
tr	O	The warriors did what they wanted , when they wanted , and no biting remark would stop them .
tr	O	He had been living at home alone , but that wasn 't going to be possible any more .
tr	I	She looked after me when I was little , and she 's a few years older than me .
tr	I	Cooper promptly sat down on the sidewalk , refusing to budge , and I slammed open the gate to the park .
tr	O	His breathing quickened and his eyes closed .
tr	O	Ethan went to work in the morning and Mackenzie practiced sleeping in .
tr	I	I thought I 'd probably swallowed more blood than I 'd realized , and my gut was churning like a cement mixer .
tr	I	Now it deepened , but Braddock always wore a scowl .
tr	O	You 'd just killed a man with your bare hands and you looked like you were ready to do it again .
tr	O	I turned my head towards him as I lifted it off of the table and he had turned solemn on me .
tr	O	The hinges were rusted , but by opening the hatch slowly , Ben found that he made the minimum of noise .
tr	O	He took five minutes more in the bathroom and I nearly fell asleep , except my mind was far too busy processing everything .
tr	I	Tonight their envious glances were particularly sweet , but men always turned to look at her .
tr	I	The second he did she started to hear voices in front of them , but he tried to direct them into the forest .
tr	O	He was the doctor then , and she felt thankful for it .
tr	O	According to the newspapers , Marcella Wilson is broke , but she doesn 't live like it .
tr	I	It wasn 't a cooling touch , but the wind blew over her skin .
tr	I	Stopped it cold , and stood against it .
tr	I	They join the procession making its way toward the hidden path to the river and he takes her hand .
tr	I	Her eyebrows came together and she closed her eyes .
tr	O	He clenched his teeth - but there was no use thinking about it .
tr	I	He knew that He was going to create a place called Earth and God knows everything .
tr	O	I pushed as hard as I could , and the tires spun .
tr	I	That never occurred to me , but I guess couples are expected to sample the wares before committing themselves .
tr	O	Jake was in pain and he was all alone .
tr	I	They will not accept that , but it is impossible .
tr	O	Let me help you out and I 'll come back for the bags later .
tr	I	This time , it felt wide open , but my world had been shrinking every day , penning me in .
tr	O	All in all , I thought the whole thing was just a bit silly , but I decided not to make an issue of that .
tr	O	Clay parked in front of the building and they hurried inside .
tr	O	The campus police had said to stick together , not to wander around alone at night , but here she was , al by herself .
tr	I	She took a step closer , and her voice vibrated with excitement .
tr	O	She glanced back to see Damon standing at a distance with his Virginia pine rod , but she couldn 't find anything unusual .
tr	I	It 's not from the morning sun beating down on me , and I 'm sweating .
tr	O	Frio had a gun and Dylan suspected she would never hesitate to use it .
tr	O	There 's another long pause , and I begin to feel uneasy .
tr	O	I worried about what we would say to each other , but it never came up .
tr	O	Pieces of the Rand Kincaid puzzle clicked together and she didn 't like the picture forming .
tr	I	He could see movement all around him and the truck was at sixty now .
tr	I	He shrank away , not letting her get the toxic sludge on her fingers , but she reached for him .
tr	I	I noticed Gabriel seemed fascinated in watching me do my domestic goddess duties , but neither of us was very talkative .
tr	O	We know where she is , and we have a momentary advantage .
tr	I	When I open them Mason is standing above me but I close my eyes for just a few seconds .
tr	I	He wasn 't ready to call attention to himself just yet , and she hadn 't realized he was watching .
tr	O	The back hatch opens , and the universe explodes around me .
tr	I	He 'd missed the days post by a long way and by the time K left the cottage it was after nine .
tr	O	Alex said impatiently , and her sister frowned .
tr	I	She remembered it to be broad , but it wasn 't her usual aisle .
tr	O	He flicked a button and it was quiet again .
tr	I	I didn 't have to answer , and he sounded resigned .
tr	I	She wasn 't , but she should be used to the obnoxious questions of the media by now .
tr	I	A very long night was still in front of them , and it had been a very long day .
tr	O	Her face had hardened into a scowl , and Michael knew right then that he didn 't ever want to cross this woman .
tr	I	We walked south on the beach and he caught up .
tr	I	She knew that he must have gotten straight in the car after they talked and she saw the bedside clock glowing two in the morning .
tr	I	The beach wasn 't far away , and the streets were lined with shops of all sorts .
tr	O	The boy went out to his drakes and the man was busy about the homestead with the various chores necessary to existence .
tr	I	I understood that , and it was vulnerable .
tr	O	The man looked unbelievable , but he had a point .
tr	O	I kissed him hard , because I could , and he made no effort to stop me .
tr	I	It would curve in flight and it was an elbow of drift wood .
tr	I	Her cl * t was swollen , and her slit was dripping with cream .
tr	I	His voice filled the room , yet Calin spoke quietly .
tr	O	I was thinking that we couldn 't know that for sure , but I also couldn 't say otherwise .
tr	O	Something unreachable inside of me was creeping from a very small space into my whole body and I could feel it .
tr	I	I can see the traces of pain on his face , but I don 't think he 's even aware of it .
tr	I	Frank stood over him and the bully went down .
tr	I	You don 't or you either open yourself up to it .
tr	I	I also wanted to fortify my position , but that was partly true .
tr	O	Mike relayed the information to Marty , and they exchanged a look of concern .
tr	I	A small satisfied smile played around his lips and after a short while his eyes brightened .
tr	I	As she did , pain shot up one leg , but Holland tried to run .
tr	O	Laughter roared behind them and she knew they were safe .
tr	O	It was now only Wednesday , and I had this expectancy .
tr	I	I can change them and I wrote the regulations .
tr	O	The Masonic Brotherhood was originally created from the London Guild to generate funds for charity , and the release of the Promised Land was its final goal .
tr	I	My weight didn 't seem to be causing her any trouble , but I wasn 't sure where we were going .
tr	O	Darby always cheered me , and I was already feeling better .
tr	O	She knew that she was working on the campaign , but she hadn 't thought that she would be working with anyone .
tr	O	Her face was pressed into his side and his arms were wrapped tightly around her .
tr	O	Georgie set her glass down too hard , and wine splashed out onto the yellow tablecloth .
tr	I	He looked so cute doing it and Rico was sulking .
tr	I	A cool sense of purpose slowly slid into place as I drew on all of Wolfe 's lessons , and Blood pounded in my ears .
tr	O	Preston veered around a sand trap , and Vince trailed behind .
tr	O	Her face darkened and she smiled big .
tr	O	She 'd hoped they would stay ahead of them , but it looked like that wouldn 't be the case .
tr	I	She moaned in pain , but he lifted her gingerly .
tr	I	That alone was a vast , soaring relief , and I didn 't have to lie any longer .
tr	I	Ashes rained down and Solange backed away from the undead as the remaining flames burst into a bright fireball .
tr	O	Troy had reconnected with his high-school girlfriend , and almost before he realized what was happening , he 'd fallen in love with her all over again .
tr	O	My insides wind into knots , but I don 't back down .
tr	O	Certainly Claire had never seemed interested in becoming my friend , but perhaps I had been missing something all along .
tr	O	It was barely six in the morning , and the world was quiet .
tr	O	The elevator door opens and an agent comes out .
tr	I	Getting two weeks off really made a difference for her , and I think the new job is stressing her quite a bit .
tr	O	His next breath was of clean , fresh air , but the smoke was still there .
tr	O	His gaze shifted to something behind me , and he pushed the untouched hot chocolate away .
tr	O	Jerry winked at Poodle , but she didn 't see .
tr	I	She opened up to let me inside , and I teased her lips with my tongue .
tr	O	I know this country and I 'm glad to be here , mostly .
tr	I	They opened , and I approached them , pushed .
tr	O	I looked at her , ready to make a comment about her still standing there , but Rick had his own plans .
tr	O	She had asked for a bit of colour to be tooled into the design and they agreed on red .
tr	I	I hesitated , and as soon as we were on steady ground , he dropped my hand .
tr	O	My eyes drifted towards her lips and my heartbeat picked up its pace .
tr	I	His hands were no longer in his pockets , but his unnerving expression hadn 't changed at all .
tr	I	I didn 't want him to think I was an utter idiot , but he offered to come get me .
tr	O	It only took a moment and he had the door unlocked .
tr	I	He approached a big black SUV and we went down .
tr	O	I broke out in sweat and the pounding of my heart was so giving me away .
tr	I	God , it was comfortable , but it may have been ugly .
tr	I	I catch sight of the numbers on her wrists and she sweeps her hair forward , hoping he won 't notice .
tr	O	It was like nothing they 'd ever seen , even miraculous , but Jeremy knew she would make it .
tr	O	Coach dropped us off at the house and we thanked him for the ride .
tr	I	One look at the efficient Kate reminded her that they had a serious issue on their hands , but Sloane grinned .
tr	I	She sat up straighter , but Pamela 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	O	He reaches for my hand and I let his fingers graze mine for a second before I pull it away .
tr	O	I gasped and his eyes darkened , his cheeks flushing as he notched into the grasping opening to my sex .
tr	I	Brady was also technically work , wasn 't he , but she knew that she was neglecting her work a bit to go see Brady ?
tr	I	A large part of that large part was pleased by meeting goals efficiently , and Gansey derived a large part of his pleasure from meeting goals .
tr	O	He 'd split the skin over his knuckles , and there was plaster dust all over his skin .
tr	O	Twisting , burning pain and it was magnifying quickly .
tr	O	I ´ ve got a spaceman and I ´ m making him something to eat .
tr	I	We couldn 't keep up with him , and when he bagged his first one though , his attitude changed .
tr	O	Alaric watched Keeley rush back up the stairs and he turned away , not trusting himself not to go after her .
tr	O	He was Breed , a predator by nature , but the vampire in him had never scared Claire .
tr	O	I smiled , and my nerves settled somewhat as I thought over that day .
tr	I	Allie began to wonder if maybe he wasn 't playing fair , and there was no sign of Milos .
tr	O	All their children learned to ride on her , but they retired her when their kids moved out .
tr	O	If he slept with her so soon after the last time , it would deplete her energy , and she might actually get what she wanted .
tr	I	Chey had had a crush on him since forever , but Joe might be a relatively recent infatuation for Eve .
tr	O	She came highly recommended , and I offered her a great deal of money to become Ellery 's private nurse .
tr	O	Michael 's eyes flew open , and he looked at his hands .
tr	O	On its third swing I had the timing down , and I took a swing of my own back at the leg .
tr	I	I 'm pretty sure he 's the only one I 've ever loved and I 'm the only person he 's ever loved .
tr	O	All the other information is stored inside of the machines themselves , and only machines could get the words back out of them again .
tr	O	Everything we did only happened with the consent of all parties present , and every day was like Christmas in the desert .
tr	O	The Audi spun 180 degrees , and we skidded into the parking spot inches from either car 's bumper .
tr	O	I stand by my people as a sort of family relations , and I am for keeping up our worship in a rational way .
tr	O	He was beginning to agree with his wife , but he wasn 't yet ready to admit it .
tr	O	She looked around waiting for someone to answer , and I stuck my hand up .
tr	O	It was as if time had stopped and each footstep toward the stairs took an eternity .
tr	I	She didn 't stop , but I cringed .
tr	O	She didn 't like it but the lying option was safest right now .
tr	O	My entire body felt weak and there was a tingling sensation running through my battered body .
tr	O	All of us on the team did and all the while we knew we would be sending them to the slaughter .
tr	O	I unwound Morgan from me , but McKenna proved a little more resistant .
tr	O	I quickly made my way inside , and that 's when it began to happen .
tr	I	Ryan could see he was at an end , and Amanda 's final comment was similar .
tr	I	Hester found herself enjoying the maternal companionship , and it was a role Jessica had filled .
tr	I	I make it anyway , but it 's undoubtedly the wrong one .
tr	O	It would have been forty-three a month ago , but this was a final warning , rush reminder .
tr	I	Only as they continued on did Levana notice a fragility to Solstice that had at first been hidden by her beauty , and the gesture seemed protective .
tr	O	Emily was off limits , or their savior was gone .
tr	O	I look at you and there is meaning to my existence .
tr	I	Mostly there 'd be an admission of failure , but occasionally it seemed to work for a while .
tr	O	Flashing their tin around among the pack wolves and creating animosities .
tr	I	Something cold was on my neck and I felt something small hit me .
tr	O	His grasp of Welsh was not yet perfect and his Lancashire accent still slipped through at times .
tr	I	He deserved it , but I might 've tried to soften the fall .
tr	O	I could hear traffic whooshing by on the interstate , but the silence hung over this bleak parking lot .
tr	I	Its juice tasted better than any I ever had and the fruit came from one of the trees in the backyard .
tr	O	This man was humble , worried , and yet the look in his eyes as he dazed off told Jess that this song meant something to him .
tr	O	The adrenaline running through her body was making her hands shake , and the pills she 'd taken were starting to compound the problem .
tr	O	I know why you do the night club scene but there has to be a better way .
tr	O	The Arab is just down the street , but he 's a little distracted right now .
tr	I	Being in my head wasn 't much better and being in that world was no good place to be .
tr	O	Jacen looked into my eyes and I could see the concern etched there .
tr	I	It wouldn 't last , but sure , they were fun to begin with .
tr	I	She purred for him and he licked her again .
tr	O	My side ached and it was hard to get comfortable .
tr	I	You regret taking a bite and it 's satisfying for one distinct moment before you realize that it 's too much .
tr	I	The lights were on as if everything were completely normal and there were a few cars in the driveway .
tr	I	I had to do research and I knew nothing about Gypsies .
tr	I	The guy standing beside her seemed thrilled about this , and Bree looked wasted .
tr	O	My body began to shake and I squealed in pain .
tr	O	The traitorous thought formed and she pushed it aside .
tr	I	Greg wanted information , and her mother had no desire to see her .
tr	I	Younger women that flaunt their bodies usually have no idea what they 're in for and a tease is confident .
tr	O	The voices continue talking , but I keep focused .
tr	I	There wasn 't one to be seen , but Mad Dog glanced around for the wagon .
tr	I	I knew right away that it was a fine thing , but it took some time to digest this .
tr	O	William then decided to control the RC car in a zigzag motion and he watched in amusement at the zombies dancing from left to right .
tr	I	It 's not overtly sexual , but I 'm in a dress .
tr	O	I open it , but the cake isn 't even close to being done .
tr	O	He was fast , so fast , strong , and she held on to him for dear life .
tr	O	I glanced at my left hand and it was shaking .
tr	O	He opens his mouth and he looks like he 's struggling to say something super meaningful that could potentially free me from this internal misery .
tr	I	Still it hurt to remember him , and it had been more than a decade since she 'd seen him .
tr	O	An elated expression had come over him and he 'd immediately agreed it was the perfect place , a perfect solution .
tr	O	Touch me and you will feel again .
tr	O	He closed his hand around hers , and she nearly dropped her goulash spoon .
tr	I	They stood shoulder to shoulder , and he moved closer to Isabelle .
tr	I	We stood and I nodded .
tr	I	Logic was not getting a vote , but she knew she shouldn 't want it .
tr	I	Maybe the CEO was just another of those arrogant bastards that thought he could get away with anything , or perhaps he was drunk .
tr	I	The flatware rattled and the glasses wobbled .
tr	I	She carried a glimmer of hope from a different source , but Stephanie had missed the excitement .
tr	O	I nudged Chaste , and she looked up .
tr	O	Grant chuckled , and Kell stretched out even more , closing his eyes .
tr	I	I 've already seen what lies in that direction , and you 've got more to see .
tr	O	He waits expectantly for me to make some connection , but I just continue to stare at the photo wordlessly .
tr	O	Eleanor gasped in surprise , but she was so slick that Hart slid right into her .
tr	O	It was always mortifying whenever she gave somebody a ride , but despite its age the car had decent speakers .
tr	O	Then I saw what I was wearing , and I pulled them back to my chin .
tr	O	He looked down at her limp figure with her eyes closed and he smiled .
tr	O	Celt didn 't growl , but a nearly inaudible sound rumbled in his throat .
tr	I	It was too much trouble to turn her head , but she attempted to focus on Nicolae , to see if he needed help .
tr	I	The tires roll forward and he shoves the shifter into gear .
tr	O	His fingers still played with her ass and she loved it .
tr	I	You have some interesting abilities and you three are pretty skilled .
tr	O	Finally they were gone , and Cory was alone with his thoughts .
tr	I	He handed over the folder , but Iain 's entire posture screamed how pissed he was .
tr	O	Her desperation to be reunited with me mirrored my own , but there was nothing I could do .
tr	I	Tami still hasn 't woken up and I 'm going home tomorrow .
tr	I	Her heart beat faster , and Diego entered the bedroom .
tr	O	My heart flips again imagining it could be William , but the caller ID shows unknown , not Stratford Investments .
tr	I	She wouldn 't have let her best friend marry me or while I think she still hates me I know deep down inside that she doesn 't .
tr	I	I opened it instead , but I was about to set it on the table behind me .
tr	I	He didn 't want to push her into something she didn 't sincerely want , but he suspected she was miserable .
tr	I	He knew not to push it , but now that was an exciting thought .
tr	O	I suppose it would be convenient to have a car in Seattle , but I got a good half day of sulking out of it anyway .
tr	I	Anna found herself alone with Nate and the room emptied quickly .
tr	O	Blood ran down its front and André knew it was lost .
tr	I	I know Janice does care about him , and it 's true he has a mother .
tr	I	My balance was so off I couldn 't squat over the water for very long but I tried too .
tr	O	His gaze left hers , and emptiness swelled in her chest .
tr	I	Eventually , it seemed to have ended , but it last for more than an hour .
tr	I	To Jacqueline it sounded uneducated , but some might find it pleasing .
tr	O	I nodded and he grinned .
tr	I	I doubt it , but if a person could kept us on it for a millennium , we may have an issue .
tr	O	She looked at the woman with the dark hair , and now she saw more than tears .
tr	O	I swam hard but it was useless .
tr	I	He knew more would accumulate , and he already had an inventory of the wounds that needed tending first .
tr	O	The large stone buildings are covered with a white plaster and their roofs are made of red tile .
tr	I	When nothing came up , I typed in the author 's name , and I typed in the title .
tr	I	Occasional thunder rumbled through the air , and the summer sky was overcast with lead .
tr	O	She couldn 't pinpoint it , but something was definitely strange about that conversation .
tr	O	I 'd met him at some Chamber of Commerce meeting once and if I remember correctly , we talked about the need for new sidewalks downtown .
tr	O	An entire wellspring of desire pulsates between us , and I wonder if she feels it , too .
tr	O	You told him to call you when he got home , but when he did , you didn 't answer the phone .
tr	O	She had looked at them all with a half-smile , but the last had brought a tremor to her lips .
tr	I	His death would be a kindness to his horse , and he would be an easy mark .
tr	O	A cold breeze swept through , and she tried not to shiver .
tr	O	His sincerity was not in doubt but many secretly wondered why he bothered .
tr	I	Soon he was asleep , and drowsiness was overpowering him .
tr	I	Asking was her job , right , but Kylie hadn 't expected an answer ?
tr	I	I know that he 's there , but I can 't see Ben .
tr	O	Sure , she understood it in theory , but that didn 't mean she knew where she could go .
tr	I	I closed my eyes and the room tilted a little .
tr	I	They startled her as they scurried out the main door and Mommy came in with her shopping , humming a tune .
tr	I	Strands of hair clung to her dampened face , and a sheen of sweat glistened across her forehead .
tr	O	One of Andre 's arms rested on the back of Tasha 's chair , and he was caressing her upper arm with his free hand .
tr	I	The tentacle would get closer , and the baby would be bigger .
tr	I	He might not have the sense to get out of my way , either and he couldn 't spell worth shit .
tr	O	Our little brother suddenly has a phone , and he suddenly has money in his pocket .
tr	I	He used my own feelings like bullets to my heart and I told him some pretty serious stuff about my father .
tr	O	A wave crested above my head , and I ducked under it , re-emerging on the other side .
tr	I	I think he was glad to be here , but in the end , I 'm afraid we only shocked him .
tr	O	They were enormously powerful , and that made Ara quite dubious .
tr	I	After a while my eyes adjusted , but naturally I couldn 't see anything except murky blackness .
tr	O	He hadn 't invited her to join him , but she followed anyway .
tr	O	The road was smoother and the men were able to fire with more precision at the flying creatures attacking them .
tr	I	I don 't mind , but sometimes he repeats stories .
tr	I	His green eyes narrowed and he glared at Aiden .
tr	O	The night had turned colder and I stopped .
tr	I	She lifted to his mouth , seeking more and he flicked her clitoris with his stiffened tongue .
tr	O	Tears blurred my eyes and I wiped them away .
tr	O	As I told you earlier , I 've been watching you since your wedding and I 've grown fond of what I 've seen .
tr	O	She could have had anything from the Angel Raziel , and she saved my brother .
tr	I	There was no mistaking that Dennis ' name had been called , but the rumbling of the car 's idling engine muffled the words .
tr	O	He pulled the knob , and the door swung open .
tr	O	He knew that I was concerned about our physical relationship getting out of hand and he understood .
tr	O	Max tried to look away , but he couldn 't .
tr	O	She tried shaking off his hand , but he wouldn 't let go .
tr	I	Each time they cut off so abruptly , but my most recent memories were of my final night on earth .
tr	I	We ended the first half and the show went on smoothly .
tr	I	Parker was the wizard behind the curtain whom everyone wanted to see , but there were several of them in attendance .
tr	I	The anger he nurtured was more intense than I realized , but at first I thought that it was just a natural attachment to his loved ones .
tr	I	He could see the beads of sweat on the back of her neck and she was holding her hair piled up on top of her head .
tr	I	This time the guilt was consuming , and my tongue burned with the lie .
tr	O	His softened gaze seemed to plead for my honesty , and my troubled eyes managed to meet his without flinching .
tr	I	He could see her feeling for him , as well as for his brother , and she stared into his eyes .
tr	O	Fatigue swamped her , and her muscles were sore from prolonged shivering .
tr	I	You won 't believe me unless you see with your own eyes , all right , but Jon , I 'll tell you everything ?
tr	O	She answered her phone on the first ring , and instantly I heard the panic in her voice .
tr	O	I am not closely associated with you and you are foreign to me .
tr	I	He loved puzzles and he loved history .
tr	O	He wondered why he saw her in the alley across the street and now in the ally he was standing in .
tr	O	she called after him , but he shook his head .
tr	O	The cane was smooth and the dark wood glistened .
tr	I	She did it anyway , but she knew it was wrong to tell anyone .
tr	I	It was different this time , but anyway , Anna screamed again .
tr	I	He extended his hand , and Henry stood beside his .
tr	O	Because he did ask for chicken too much and he cost her an enormous amount in food .
tr	O	Some people can never find a single true love in their whole life but we can stay with one for eternity .
tr	O	A soft , tinkling laugh came from her , and there was a spasm somewhere near his chest .
tr	I	The weight of it was sending throbs of pain through him with every step , and he had strapped the gallows shield to his wounded arm .
tr	I	He didn 't care , but Joshua knew the lecture was coming .
tr	I	I blinked heavily as it dripped into my eyes , and a rivulet of sweat broke across my forehead .
tr	I	There were smudges in various places where the pen had leaked , and he 'd used a fountain pen when he 'd written them .
tr	O	His joy at seeing Betty was obvious to all , and everyone left them somewhat alone for a few moments .
tr	I	He did so in a sexy way , and his body frame was built to hold the extra weight .
tr	O	He crossed his arms against the bar and she could feel him looking intensely at her , waiting for her to make eye contact .
tr	I	I couldn 't help it , but I knew he was right .
tr	I	I don 't even really care , and I don 't know who gave it to me .
tr	O	That I was alive and this was all happening .
tr	I	I would not go back on it and I gave Reina my word of honor .
tr	I	They had to be at least six feet four and the two shortest of the group were identical in looks .
tr	I	I can feel his hardness pressing against me and Kayden adjust his arm so it 's under my backside .
tr	O	There were only two of us , and I had left Frank behind a block away from the building .
tr	O	He turned the corner , and the pub loomed up in the darkness .
tr	I	I don 't think they 're as nice as these and I 've seen some steer back east .
tr	I	Her shoulders drooped with discouragement and this time , she slouched .
tr	I	Sex was a rarity , and he was a prisoner .
tr	I	Phil 's joy knew no bounds and she 'd announced to Philip that she 'd become pregnant just before he went downhill .
tr	I	He knew that as soon as they got home that night he 'd have some explaining to do and he could see the worry in her eyes .
tr	I	That was it , but he had a number to call .
tr	O	It kills me to be with her , but I want the pain more than anything .
tr	O	I had asthma as a child , nothing real serious , but I outgrew it before middle school .
tr	I	I 'll keep the promise until I die , and I promised you that .
tr	O	My session is first , but then I coach the younger kids in August .
tr	I	Yet his lie stood between them , and with each passing moment his desire for Madeline increased .
tr	I	We smell disgusting , and I know we 're filthy .
tr	O	The void was to the west , and the maze was to the east .
tr	I	As she did , her gaze fell on Claire , and she brushed her shiny hair back .
tr	I	Dai Li 's red eyes held me paralyzed , but I stood out of the way with Sean .
tr	O	You shall accompany me as my bodyguard and my bodyguard shall be my valet .
tr	O	You 're taking forever and everyone 's already gone .
tr	O	The realization startled her , and she found herself grasping for something to say , some lighthearted rejoinder that would take her safely back to shallower waters .
tr	I	He could tell by the way her shoulders shook that she was crying but she looked down at her shoes so he couldn 't see her face .
tr	I	She was used to being alone , but it was nice to have company .
tr	I	That lump rises in the back of my throat again , and she sounds more than a little bit awestruck .
tr	O	More were scrambling on to the platform , and he found himself facing three at once .
tr	I	I settled in to watch the fencing match and her eyes threw daggers my direction .
tr	O	Her magic would be doubled , and soon , Willow would be just as powerful as her sisters .
tr	I	None of it was good and he had heard a lot about prison life .
tr	O	He was shaking , and his thin shoulders were hunched in despair .
tr	I	There is a huge moat all around it and the walls are very tall .
tr	O	It was fast approaching midnight and the wind had picked up .
tr	I	The lid popped off to spill grinds everywhere and it bounced off the floor at his feet .
tr	O	He tasted more like me than him , but I didn 't care .
tr	O	Her voice had lost its earlier cheer and I hated that it was my fault .
tr	I	I grab her shoulder , but she begins walking again .
tr	I	My family didn 't even know I 'd been gone , and Raegan would be at her parents ' .
tr	O	He started for the door , but the images felt so real that the picture kept bringing him back to see more .
tr	O	As always I have to leave the speculation to you , but we had better not talk about this directly any more .
tr	I	The profits had been small , but they had been easy prey .
tr	I	I shook my head to clear it and I felt my hands begin to bleed .
tr	O	I 've been placing too much on it already and perhaps it 's time to clear the pressure completely .
tr	I	I got smacked across the side of my chin , and I looked up to see where we were heading .
tr	I	She jumped , and a hand landed lightly on Elizabeth 's back .
tr	O	I slipped on his bridle and we left the corral , quiet as church mice .
tr	O	His words washed over me and I smiled at him .
tr	I	He had disappeared just like he had on that first day , but she looked around the classroom for him .
tr	I	When I helped him pull it out its like it was never there and his leg was even impaled by a branch .
tr	O	Kent raised an eyebrow , and then , Chewy knew .
tr	I	I leaned against him as we walked , and he slipped his arm around my waist .
tr	O	It took just over half an hour to reach the designated intersection , and the Mercedes was down to a crawl .
tr	O	I made faces at him with every poke , but within twenty minutes I was already feeling better .
tr	O	Something has changed in him , something important , but I don 't know what .
tr	I	My father made money in theatres : and I began to study singing again .
tr	I	For a few moments the pasture gleams a blinding white and the late afternoon sun finds a gap in the overcast sky .
tr	I	No sound came out but fear filled her eyes .
tr	O	Jorge looked at him , and he nodded his approval .
tr	I	They 've all lost family to the Corporation , but they aren 't like me .
tr	I	Suddenly , I felt uncomfortable telling Adrian about it , but I hadn 't been keeping the rest a secret .
tr	O	I made a little more progress but I put the book aside again .
tr	O	I wasn 't floating anymore and I didn 't like it .
tr	I	Sometimes those whispers blot out the sense of things , but it doesn 't mean my dad will .
tr	O	Liam asked , and she nodded .
tr	O	He had moved away from the lilac bushes when I had made faces at him , but apparently he had not gone very far .
tr	O	His father had vented anger by terrorizing , and Hart had never learned there could be any other way .
tr	I	I felt that rush , the glorious rush of power and I felt it , the minute the knife slid in .
tr	I	Jackson 's arm grazed hers and the sidewalk narrowed as they walked by the mathematics building .
tr	I	Clint was scrambling to figure it out and something had just passed unsaid between them .
tr	I	Her ladies ' boots slipped on the icy trail and her feet ached on the river crossings .
tr	I	He 's about what I expected , but I haven 't met any mercenaries .
tr	O	We have one fight and you call your other boyfriend .
tr	I	I could see that a disturbance had occurred and when I arrived at the apartment the door was ajar .
tr	I	I wouldn 't stand for a marriage without trust but I wanted him for the rest of my life .
tr	I	There 's a jaguar out killing people , but I don 't know if Byron warned you .
tr	O	Hope flared in her eyes but she was skeptical by nature .
tr	O	His grey t-shirt had a large tear through the center , and his denim shorts were tattered at the bottom .
tr	O	I 'm going to ask Brice to release you as soon as possible , but you have to do your part .
tr	I	For a while she recovered her old animation , and suddenly Freda found no difficulty in talking to these total strangers .
tr	I	The realization of it made them uneasy and they were to accomplish an important mission .
tr	O	I was vaguely aware of Red Dress saying something to me before my vision blurred and I was shoved into the van .
tr	O	I doubled over , and the only thing that kept me from falling flat on my face was the hold they had on my arms .
tr	I	The moonlight seemed to light up every corner , and we stood in Mother 's cottage .
tr	O	We found the coffee shop and I hopped out .
tr	I	She was soon swept away in each rocking thrust that seemed determined to push her across the carpet , and his next stroke was just as fierce .
tr	I	They are primed for a playoff run and I have been Looking after your team !
tr	O	Melody started to protest , but Logan held his finger to her lips .
tr	O	The smile returned to his face , but he still started to stand .
tr	I	Her head was spinning and her knees were rubbery .
tr	I	Nothing came -- but I felt like a complete automaton , waiting for an electronic impulse to react .
tr	I	Now she 's doing the same for this delicate girl , and April helped me through my darkest moments .
tr	I	I focused back on him and he made a slight sound .
tr	O	The glass was tinted , so he couldn 't see her too well , but she looked nice .
tr	I	Two huge fangs , glistening with a thick , iridescent substance , extend from the roof of its mouth and its mouth opens .
tr	I	She sounded frightened and it was tremulous .
tr	I	Under the tree , the temperature dropped by at least fifteen degrees , but the sun was hot .
tr	O	Weapons technology had advanced a long way since Earth 's Ascension but somehow the old slug thrower never truly went out of fashion .
tr	I	The elevator rose quickly to the top and it was the top button .
tr	I	He joined in and I laughed .
tr	O	Mary Jo touched his arm , mutely imploring , and Mack didn 't see how he could decline .
tr	I	They were looking like pretty crappy leads , and they were the only leads we had .
tr	I	Finn wasn 't watching my movements anymore , but the bra came off next .
tr	I	It was there , but it was covered in slobber .
tr	I	We walked up the stairs that way , even though it took us possibly twice as long and she reached out to take my hand .
tr	O	Works all night , and sometimes she 's just coming home when we awaken .
tr	O	She tried , feebly , to hang onto it , but it was pulled out of her grasp .
tr	I	I was happy for her , and she was happy .
tr	I	It was more like a plush apartment than a dorm room , and Jasmine had the whole space to herself , of course .
tr	O	I loved the way I was able to influence my boyfriend 's mood like that , and my heart skipped a beat at the thought .
tr	O	Times already had turned lean again , and I well knew my own dark pursuits in the alleyways .
tr	I	Her hand stilled halfway to the basket , and her eyes grew distant the same way Cronus 's had in the nursery .
tr	I	Your room card opens it , but the enclosure is kept locked unless there is some major activity in progress .
tr	O	They waited an instant , ready to pounce , but nothing happened .
tr	O	It was all very strange to her , but she didn 't care .
tr	I	Just the thought of him wanting more aroused all the sensitised places in her body that craved the same , and he wanted more .
tr	I	He walked to the door and we laid the bags on the bed .
tr	I	I accepted that , and he was what he was .
tr	O	Just the axe 's head weighed more than me and my horse would have combined .
tr	O	Actually she eyed Joe 's behind , but Kelly opted not to mention it .
tr	I	He looked away , embarrassed and the boy 's voice caught a little .
tr	O	No one has bothered to clean up the blankets yet , and Warner is supposed to be here in about an hour .
tr	I	It never hurt to catch a visual , but he knew he hadn 't been followed .
tr	I	I remembered what Daniel Redding had said about Dean being the kind of child people loved on sight , and the woman smiled at him .
tr	I	The door to the cellar crashed open , and there was a bang so loud it hurt her ears .
tr	O	Thomas was back playing on the team again , and really suffered no consequences for what he did .
tr	I	Twenty minutes later he entered one of the public libraries and as soon as he left the facility he turned right .
tr	I	He fell backwards to the floor and it slammed against his forehead this time .
tr	O	Whatever her mother 's faults , she was still her mother , and what went on in their house was nobody else 's business .
tr	O	I 'm terrified that I 'm going to live forever and at twenty-one years old I 'm already bored to death !
tr	I	I waited for the Loupe family to come for me and the days passed .
tr	I	He bent his head down , his eyes burning and Eliot 's throat closed up at the question .
tr	I	He was going to find out , and he knew where she lived .
tr	O	The streets of the town were not paved and the downtown walkways were made with wooden planks .
tr	O	Neither path would be easy , but staying with Mira felt right .
tr	O	The strange rigid smile had disappeared from his face and his eyes darted relentlessly , more unstable than before .
tr	I	Meredith grabbed her again , but Bonnie started toward her .
tr	O	She wasn 't quite certain why , but she felt better for doing it .
tr	I	Kate drove away from the house and I buckled my seat belt .
tr	O	Even now she could feel the darkness shrouding his soul and the iron control he was exerting to contain it .
tr	I	He knew he was right , but she didn 't answer .
tr	O	I had eaten this brand of cracker before , but it tasted nothing like I remembered .
tr	I	We headed home , in silence , of course , and he unhooked the trailer .
tr	I	She 's less complicated than the others , and Stephanie is fully aware of my rules .
tr	O	Craig was still waiting for me wherever I went , but I refused to accept his rides .
tr	O	Picasso 's Still Life with Pipe and Wine Bottle lay face up in the garish light of the fluorescents overhead .
tr	O	They were told we were the antichrist , and it was their duty to destroy us .
tr	O	It had been slow going up the steps , but she 'd made it without too much difficulty .
tr	O	Mark held her , and Andrew sat with them , his heart breaking for both of them .
tr	O	Scared I 'll break myself But I can 't shake you .
tr	I	Everything was a massive ache so I didn 't think I was paralyzed , but I couldn 't move .
tr	O	I wanted to make sweet love to my fiance , but I supposed I could wait until Noah got home .
tr	O	Sure enough we find the steel door we were told about , but it 's a great deal more than I was expecting .
tr	O	His musky scent fills my nose and my mind begins to swim .
tr	O	Her capitulation came as a surprise to him and he was still in the process of pulling his foot out of his mouth .
tr	O	Even Jones seemed to be taken by the scene , Conway noted , and he was especially pleased to see Carter paying more than passing attention .
tr	I	We swiftly walked as fast as possible without arising suspicion toward the exit and Harper waved to punk chick once .
tr	I	I wouldn 't have to tell my dad the distressing news and I hadn 't blown it .
tr	O	The neurologist drew in her breath and her face was grim .
tr	I	Her mouth filled with water , but she tried to sigh , to explain herself , to voice her gratitude for the coolness of the pool .
tr	I	She was at my complete mercy and I was too strong for her .
tr	O	Joe asked and everyone laughed .
tr	I	Jared dug his fingers sharply into my hips , and I dropped my head back with a whimper .
tr	I	I hastily went to see how she was faring and my aunt suffered a stroke , so my mother .
tr	I	This is borrowed from a friend but I own the helicopter .
tr	I	The scrape of her boots against stone was the only sound , and the floor had turned from gleaming marble to ancient gray blocks .
tr	I	She slid off the wall , but Blue replied .
tr	I	Her heart rejoiced , and he wanted her .
tr	I	His previous incompetence could turn into an advantage , but she may be scared of him at first .
tr	O	My heart thumped like crazy and my palms started sweating .
tr	O	There have been lots of crossings recently and the Disciples are struggling to cope .
tr	O	He 's trapped and I need to save him .
tr	I	Here we are in jail and we worked so hard getting all ready .
tr	O	He started to stand and I panicked .
tr	I	A drop of liquid fell from its point and Moonlight glinted off its metallic spike .
tr	O	A beastly roar rises up in me , and I force myself to swallow it down .
tr	I	He died in the line of duty protecting the identity of a client and he was running the security company at the time .
tr	O	She died in our bedroom a long time ago and she is not in the seat beside me .
tr	I	It surely wasn 't dead , but the creature was dying .
tr	I	She understood that she was running out of time and Melody only had one hand to fend off the zombie 's attack .
tr	O	' Better dead than one of you , ' I shot back , going to leave , but Fabian caught my arm .
tr	I	He wanted her jeans gone , too , and her shoes were gone , kicked away .
tr	I	Then I did something that surprised both of us , and I stared at him for a few more seconds .
tr	O	It wasn 't fair , but he needed her .
tr	I	The old man had been nothing if not stubborn , but God knows he 'd tried to talk Don out of this .
tr	I	Maddie realizes she doesn 't love him , and Maddie 's husband wants a divorce .
tr	I	Even now she did not feel the need to know them , and she had refused to learn .
tr	O	A door opened briefly far above them and loud laughter spilled out .
tr	O	Her vitals are erratic , and the only time she 's compliant is when Quinn is here .
tr	I	I thought the aggressive nature of my thudding might announce my arrival better but there was a doorbell .
tr	I	I could feel beads of sweat form on my forehead , and my knees began to wobble .
tr	O	He turns his gaze from me to Coach Burns , and heat rushes through my body .
tr	I	He declined as often as he said yes , and he was a paralegal , not an investigator .
tr	O	We 've been nice to them , but they can 't be allowed to think I 'm just on vacation with him .
tr	I	I 'll be back with my brothers and when I go back to the city , I 'll go back to house arrest .
tr	O	She might not know it now , but I was doing her a favor .
tr	O	It would have been weird at any other time but after what Jesse had said , I started to worry .
tr	O	The light was dimmer here , but Ezio could see immediately that it was a cell .
tr	O	I don 't know how Sarah got those pages , but I don 't think she had the whole diary .
tr	O	They required too much trust , and trust was something she didn 't have anymore .
tr	I	Her parents had separated , and A had revealed the affair to Ella .
tr	O	She moved off his lap , and he finally let her go .
tr	I	She seemed to prefer to spend the time in the ground , rather than face their life together , and she said little .
tr	O	My mind keeps nagging at me to remember , but for some reason , there is a block .
tr	I	Inez glanced at him with surprise and Thomas closed his hand over hers .
tr	I	I would remain right where I was and the apocalypse could be going down outside .
tr	I	I raced down and they might have been flying up to fight even as Hit .
tr	O	The sun is a reflection of Abner 's light , and when he is gone , so is the sun .
tr	O	The scuffling ceased and everything was quiet .
tr	O	I certainly hadn 't liked it at the time , but I 'd come to understand why it had happened .
tr	O	She asked if she could have a moment alone with me , and the old investigator nodded .
tr	I	I would fill him in about Jerry , and Darby would be back shortly .
tr	O	He might have a gun , but I still had my knife .
tr	O	They embraced quickly , and I felt further out of place .
tr	O	When it was finished , the little girl was packed off to her grandmother and I was making my escape .
tr	O	I pulled my hands away , and Amma 's moved with mine .
tr	I	Most of the slips were occupied , and four of the docks were covered .
tr	I	It 's a feeling that I don 't ever want to lose , and I 've never felt this way before .
tr	O	She could feel Mikhail in her mind , yet her body was no more than a fleeting wisp , tangled with his .
tr	O	I tried to shake off the weapon from her grasp , but it didn 't even budge at all .
tr	O	He had to rein himself in or he would be useless to Sunshine .
tr	O	I found a way to just switch it off in my brain , and I stopped feeling anything when I thought of her .
tr	O	His hand slid over her hip , back over her bottom , between her legs and he found her .
tr	I	She needed to know exactly who it was she thought she loved , but it was too difficult to say this next part with her touching him .
tr	I	I don 't want to put you in his line of fire , and I don 't want him to feel like he 's been cornered .
tr	O	She 'd wanted a day out , and now she had the perfect idea for them both .
tr	O	It was Cartier 's night out last night , and some man picked her up in a carriage .
tr	I	Vince always reminded her how close to a heart attack she was every time she ate them , and they were high in fat .
tr	O	My eyes lift up as I think this and I take a second look at my dad .
tr	I	My complexion 's wrong , and I 'm somewhat stout .
tr	I	I don 't , but I should probably know what all her expressions mean .
tr	I	A number of them are staying behind , and the men are leaving invigorated .
tr	O	When he pulled , the chain didn 't snap and the aristocrat was yanked forward .
tr	I	I wasn 't telling my friends the real stuff , but all of it was true .
tr	O	She looked up at me and I waited .
tr	I	He didn 't say anything else , but she waited for him to continue .
tr	O	Perhaps she should be sipping it , but Rachel was too tense for that .
tr	I	It 's worth it , but it 's a lot of money to put aside every month .
tr	O	He waited , and when she didn 't immediately offer the desired response , he frowned .
tr	I	A low argument rumbled between them , and Fade strode away through the stable .
tr	O	The anger was there , but there was no hint of pity .
tr	O	I was struck a glancing blow from the side , but it didn 't crack my thick skull .
tr	I	They didn 't really see him , but people looked at him .
tr	O	An orange cat sat on the kitchen counter , green eyes intense , hissing at him , but there was no magic coming off it .
tr	I	We haven 't gotten very far yet , but we 've been trying to come up with an answer .
tr	I	Noah turned to Samara with a sour look on his face and she came to a stop .
tr	I	I was prepared to see paint flying everywhere , and I half expected them to pull out drumsticks .
tr	O	I asked , but he was lost in thought .
tr	I	Gently she kissed him on his cold lips and slowly she lowered her head toward his face .
tr	I	Little specks of light began to filter through the window and the sun was just starting to rise .
tr	O	We came around a bend , and the lighthouse came into full view .
tr	O	He didn 't know it , but he was handing her the solution she sought .
tr	O	He was locked up because the military doctor said he was insane but he 's not .
tr	O	His mother 's going , but she can 't be with him 24-7 .
tr	O	Everyone probably guessed that stuff , but he always was determined to thoroughly think those types of situations out .
tr	I	There it is , and his mouth relaxes .
tr	I	He damn sure couldn 't tell her the truth , but he didn 't want to lie to her .
tr	I	God killed me , and I killed Bambi .
tr	O	Paul was pulled clear and they carefully made their way back to the top .
tr	I	The room was empty , stark walls bare , but recognizing the sound that had summoned him , he scanned the room for visitors .
tr	I	I walk unafraid , and the night air is cool .
tr	I	It couldn 't be him , but the first person who came to mind was a regularly drunk Singaporean man .
tr	I	He still laid there , but his skin was already starting to heal itself .
tr	I	This was extreme , but I always knew my hazel eyes changed depending on what I wore .
tr	I	I spent a few minutes standing awkwardly outside the bathroom like some sort of bodyguard , waiting for them , and the girls took longer .
tr	O	Our rooms had no phone lines , but my parents had requested I be placed in a room near one of Culver Creek 's five pay phones .
tr	O	She 's literally nowhere , and I remember how she seemed to appear from nothing in the alley .
tr	O	I didn 't know how many bags he went through , but he suddenly turned to me .
tr	O	She gave him another nudge , and Graham stepped toward Tori again .
tr	I	Else we may never find out what has happened to Papa , or I need you to remember .
tr	O	Her eyebrows lifted and what appeared to be genuine surprise filled her eyes .
tr	O	I open my eyes , and the sun has gone .
tr	O	I don 't know what , but I don 't like it .
tr	I	Then we 'll start on propulsion systems , and your test will be the day after that .
tr	I	He planned to take off a couple of months to wait on the tobacco harvest , and the captain 's ship was being repaired in dry dock .
tr	O	The two bottles of wine had turned to five and we were all a bit jolly by the end of the meal .
tr	I	His dark eyes had an all-knowing hypnotic charm to them , and his black hair shone blue when it caught the light .
tr	O	Jennifer walked the full length of the corridor , but she couldn 't find any number over 1115 .
tr	I	Jude stood there and the door opened .
tr	O	She had left her post undefended , and she also wanted to get back to it to keep some sort of watch over Danny 's unconcious body .
tr	O	He was tiny , and she could feel the bones in his ribs as he trembled .
tr	I	That made him spit instantaneously , and he tasted the salty droplets .
tr	O	He then walked to me and he held out his hand .
tr	I	She wanted to see his face when she destroyed him , but he wouldn 't hesitate to take her out from behind .
tr	I	Nothing 's come up , but we 've canvassed the area for clues .
tr	I	It was clear he did , and he must not be that bad if he loved her .
tr	I	They entered together , and she waited for him to unlock the door .
tr	I	His face was intent as he plied the bottles and his graying auburn hair was pulled back in a ponytail .
tr	I	The emotion she saw in their depths robbed her of breath , and his hazel eyes lifted to meet hers .
tr	I	The wind insistent , and it was cold .
tr	I	The men each added their own to the mix , and she put her hand into the center .
tr	I	I could hear the curiosity burning behind his words , but I knew he didn 't want to force the story out of me .
tr	O	Tony had called his job a duty and in a way it was .
tr	I	I got in and the tricycle stopped in front of me .
tr	I	He followed the road into the woods and a smile formed on Leo 's face .
tr	I	I must follow it to the end and this is my Path .
tr	O	The air fell heavy and murmurs about the new monster resonated in the crowd .
tr	O	Ashton was known as a man of refined tastes and this choice for a bride further demonstrated that fact .
tr	O	Needles of varying size protruded all over the wax figure , and Jonas continued to insert more .
tr	I	He sure knew the way to a girl 's heart , but vampire he might be .
tr	I	Jaime certainly didn 't need to hear and it was private .
tr	O	She stood in the middle of her apartment pondering these questions and it occurred to her that she really wanted to take the day off today .
tr	I	He closed them , rumbling in his belly , and she pressed a kiss between Sean 's eyes .
tr	I	I suck in my breath and my dick tightens in reaction .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure why and there was no love between us .
tr	O	I have very few memories of the kitchen , but it 's still hard to be in here .
tr	I	Victoria remains as stiff as an ice statue , but the man is about to take her hand .
tr	I	I struggle to stand , and he drops my legs .
tr	O	When he opened them , they were blazing and Sibyl held her breath at the sight of them .
tr	O	His fangs were inches from my neck and I cried out involuntarily .
tr	I	One design wouldn 't work , and the whole process took us over four hours , because all the branches were at different heights .
tr	I	What the hell could he say , but he 'd felt her waiting for him to say something ?
tr	I	Six stays planted , not letting go of my hand , but I start forward .
tr	I	He felt a calm wash over him from being under it and his people venerated the oak tree as the Giver of Life .
tr	I	There was no point denying the truth , but she didn 't want to believe that she was just as much of a beast as he was .
tr	O	Very slowly the world stopped spinning and her vision started to clear up .
tr	O	I looked up intending to be forceful , but my lower lip trembled .
tr	O	They walked to the door and Katherine fell in behind them .
tr	O	I ordered a Mai Tai , but Iris just asked for water .
tr	I	The breathlessness of the retort sounded like a compliment , but she 'd meant to insult him .
tr	I	Stopping wouldn 't ease the pain , but it felt as if someone was tearing his organs out with an ice pick .
tr	O	My soft voice had an edge to it as well , and he stopped at the entryway to look back at me .
tr	I	I was too tired to handle anything coming out of my mother 's mouth , and it was ten a.m. on Saturday .
tr	I	He smiled back , and everyone smiled at him .
tr	I	It does go , but I 'm not sure where the time actually goes .
tr	I	He found the room full , and now Norman was in charge .
tr	O	One of his legs ended up between mine and the weight of him above me did wonderfully wicked things to my insides .
tr	I	It just wasn 't going to happen , but I 'm sorry if you wanted more .
tr	I	Mo ran close on his heels , and he just ran .
tr	O	His hands were balled into fists , and he was shaking his head .
tr	I	It resonates in the chilled silence of the evening and he pulls on the handbrake .
tr	O	Zane nodded quietly , and she saw respect in his eyes .
tr	I	You will drop out of the sky or don 't let it drop to red .
tr	I	Determined to raise her kids well , and protective .
tr	I	I 'm not a child anymore , but I had enough of it when I was a child .
tr	O	Francesca looks at me and immediately her eyes are wide .
tr	O	Cronus knelt beside her , and though his expression was emotionless , he touched Calliope 's face .
tr	O	Dore hired Rudy Vallee to replace me and Suddenly It 's Spring began shooting .
tr	O	He never should have married her , never entangled her in his life , but it was too late now .
tr	O	He watched her with an intensity that made her tingle , and she found she couldn 't come up with a single word to say .
tr	O	Diana wrapped her arms around him , and then she wrapped her legs around his driving thighs .
tr	O	Gifford had brought Reynaldo , and they were huddled together with their backs pressed against the wall , looking sullen .
tr	I	She had completely forgotten the entire incident by the time she was dropped off at her apartment , and Alex suggested they leave .
tr	I	Her large blue eyes were moistening , and Maddy was staring at the portrait of the woman .
tr	O	I was inside a convenient store paying for gas and she got out of the car to look for sardines .
tr	O	Her expression softened and she smiled up at him .
tr	O	I lightly knocked on the door , and she told me to come in .
tr	I	They 're scared , and they killed me .
tr	I	Neither of us shouted , which is good , and I think we cleared a lot of air .
tr	I	The girls ceased their antics , acting as if they 'd never attacked each other , and the men raced out .
tr	O	He was the ... uh ... the best pet that ... um ... the best pet ever and he saved our lives more than once .
tr	O	He kept his eyes on them as he and the others finally moved forward , as well .
tr	I	When he saw her , he smiled , all teeth , and he was blind in one eye .
tr	O	It was flat like a crab , but its oval body was segmented into ridged plates .
tr	I	He stroked my cheek and his hand reached out .
tr	I	We both know it , and you were on vacay .
tr	O	Her eyes grow wide and she sucks in a breath .
tr	I	He was probably poking her skin with his beard and he hadn 't shaved today .
tr	O	He had joy written all over his face , but for a split second I saw something more .
tr	I	Now I wriggled into the nasty things , and I 'd bought a pair of pantyhose .
tr	I	Then it was unbearably loud , but no one seemed to notice .
tr	I	It writhed around , forming into a cast , and he held it up .
tr	O	Overhead , the blade of the pickaxe swished through the mists as the weapon tried to find me , but there was no other sound .
tr	O	Until this moment , I was afraid of staying in your world , but right now all I want is you , at any price .
tr	O	You put the hit out on my wife to cover your tracks , and I never wanted to believe it .
tr	I	He wasn 't acknowledging it now , but if he was willing to take that risk , she would take it with him .
tr	O	My cousin Gio is about to set a wedding date , but his family is in shambles .
tr	O	Guilt is part of the grieving process , but that doesn 't mean it 's rational .
tr	I	I have to rescue him , but I don 't know what kind of trouble .
tr	O	It took a second for Michael 's features to come together in the darkness , but I recognized his voice immediately .
tr	I	She wanted to hear it from him before she was willing to believe it , but she actually knew .
tr	I	I yank her off me and she kisses my ear lobe .
tr	I	Certainly it will lead down another path , but sometimes it is not what we desire .
tr	O	I imagine the painting is the cello and my hand is the bow .
tr	O	His friends had snickered , and for a moment , Josie looked incredibly hurt , like a puppy who had been kicked .
tr	I	She was NOT like her in anyway , but she knew that , yes , she killed Amanda .
tr	I	One the other four didn 't know , and this was said by a fifth voice .
tr	O	Hard to believe it , but he was a musician back then , played keys in a rock band , was actually pretty good .
tr	I	A few moments later , the doors swished open , and my stomach dropped as we descended through the facility .
tr	O	One of the hounds nudged his leg , and he made a small sound that in anyone else would have been a scream .
tr	I	She wasn 't naive to the dangers of life , but Amber might be innocent , in a virginal sense .
tr	O	Discomfort mingled with the warmth , and she shifted on her feet .
tr	I	They can never escape punishment until they are forgiven and the ones in the waters have wronged those on the bank .
tr	I	I was sitting next to my son 's bed , and Chapter Thirty-seven It was early afternoon .
tr	I	His like for years and Ritter had plagued him .
tr	O	Aimee peers at me as if she 's trying to solve the world 's hunger problems and I have an unlimited supply of cheeseburgers in my backpack .
tr	O	The stars spin in the sky and I dream of the past .
tr	O	This was not as easy as it looked and they had to try several times before they were successful .
tr	O	I knew he would find me here eventually , but until then , I had some time alone .
tr	O	She accepted information from you but you didn 't control her .
tr	I	There wasn 't much traffic , and it was well past midnight .
tr	O	Emma scrambled to muffle the iPhone , but it was too late .
tr	O	Rachel tried to resist his suggestions , but the words were making her hazy .
tr	O	Jeff rose , and when the first wave of shifters who 'd offered their congratulations had stepped aside , moved to Gabriel .
tr	O	He loved Tara , and she loved him .
tr	I	I 'd felt certain it could never match what he felt for me , but maybe their love was strong .
tr	O	We 've been living in blackout conditions since the war , but tonight , Halifax is alight .
tr	I	He bent his head over his clasped hands , and his elbows were propped on his bony knees .
tr	I	I don 't like it , and he 's getting down again .
tr	I	Some of them had spears , and they carried blades for weapons .
tr	O	His face got closer , but our eyes never closed .
tr	I	I have no intentions of damaging that , and Wilder trusts me with his little sister .
tr	O	We know it , and they know it .
tr	O	I can see the pictures but the interpretation is not always easy .
tr	O	It was in his eyes , and it made a brief appearance .
tr	O	This would probably come back to haunt me , but I wasn 't willing to let him go .
tr	O	They 'd spent hours talking over dinner , and it had seemed as though only a few moments had passed .
tr	I	Archie shrugged , and he asked .
tr	O	These thugs you talked about at the hospital , and the man you identified by his photo could have been a convenient cover for you .
tr	I	She backed away from him , and violet eyes widened , melting .
tr	O	She pulled to the right so the impatient car could pass , but it didn 't .
tr	I	He tapped in for par and Dave 's 25-foot putt stopped two feet short of the hole .
tr	O	You mentioned the Friends of the Willow and I guess that 's who it was .
tr	I	She smelt divine and she was perfect .
tr	I	This time I hear him and when it touches , he speaks .
tr	O	Tavi knew that his grandfather was dead , but he had not spoken to the others about it .
tr	I	He does a great job but we hired a blind painter .
tr	I	I still arrived to bust down their doors , but they protested on the phone .
tr	O	He wished me a happy Thanksgiving and I tipped him an extra twenty .
tr	I	It was hard for Dad to date and it was hard for me to make friends .
tr	O	She had trusted me and I had betrayed her .
tr	O	I feel so content right now and I want to keep feeling content .
tr	O	His apartment had been unusually quiet for the past few days , but she hadn 't been concerned about it .
tr	O	He knew it was stereotypical , but he would have expected Finley to be a young person , perhaps even a teenager like himself .
tr	I	That wouldn 't be enough , but by then , Franz had bolted the door .
tr	I	I couldn 't stay comfortable , and I couldn 't get comfortable .
tr	O	It 's an ominous feeling and I know he 's lying to me .
tr	I	She grew weaker still , and he stared down at her with his hard black eyes .
tr	O	He was gone and she had Steve .
tr	I	I am to blame for shielding him too well , but facing the consequences of our actions is the best way to learn responsibility .
tr	I	That was their training , but not that the guards were much of a threat to him .
tr	O	The guy was a first class idiot , and he didn 't understand what Abbey had ever seen in him .
tr	O	Night had claimed her grandmother was the Shadow Queen , and now she said he would free her ?
tr	I	That musky dead smell grew stronger , and I heard rustling in the distance .
tr	O	Now he looked straight across into his wife 's eyes ; and his wife was five feet , eight inches tall .
tr	I	Memories of the previous evening came flooding back , and I forced my eyes open .
tr	I	I didn 't plan on keeping him waiting and Ryan 's limo would be here any second .
tr	I	They showed no mercy when I was in school with them so I wouldn 't show any now , but I knew I should probably forgive them .
tr	I	She couldn 't have said which of them uttered the sound , yet a low moan of pleasure vibrated her chest .
tr	I	A thought seemed to occur to her , and she pondered that briefly .
tr	I	He won 't let me , but I pull him to me , trying to flip him over so that I can spoil him with affection .
tr	I	For a few glorious seconds I would see it all , but she would go for her clothes .
tr	O	The others helped him to his feet and he continued as if nothing untoward had happened .
tr	O	I 'd never heard Will play , but something told me my pirate hadn 't missed a note .
tr	O	He knew it wasn 't her fault , yet still he had been angry .
tr	O	Cheyenne wished she could look away from her friend 's face , but she was afraid that might reveal how she felt .
tr	I	This time he didn 't try to stop her and she stood up again .
tr	O	That meant everything in between them and her brain was in working order .
tr	O	I called Becky from my cell phone , but she was at the movies with Matt .
tr	O	My fingers don 't want to obey , but I manage to toss the bottle on the counter .
tr	I	My heart felt as though it was going to burst through my chest , and my pulse had quickened .
tr	I	I doubt it , but it could be a new version of the simulation serum .
tr	O	I turned the knob , but the door was locked .
tr	I	His blue eyes were narrowed against the wind and his brown hair flew across his forehead .
tr	O	Okay , it didn 't just sound stupid , it was stupid , but she needed a few minutes to think .
tr	I	Made of books and it was also a room full of books .
tr	I	I watched him for a moment before his gaze slid to meet mine and he was staring off into space .
tr	I	I could only imagine her being a great mother , and she seemed so happy when they were near her .
tr	O	He 'd lied to her in the beginning but she had to realize why .
tr	O	One corner of her lips turned up , but she didn 't confirm my suspicion .
tr	I	It involved a lot more than just a blue line on some test , but David knew what he wanted .
tr	I	I knew no more , and my vision went dark .
tr	O	Charlie 's gaze openly slid down my body and I felt the instant need to shower .
tr	I	Many people were still enjoying their sleep , and the sun was barely starting to rise .
tr	I	I forgot to get rubbers , babe , and there 's a shop down the street .
tr	I	I didn 't like the feeling and my belly twisted .
tr	I	Elle announces dinner is ready and we all stand around chatting .
tr	O	Eventually Emma returned and we slipped into our new clothes .
tr	O	We could end up with a third possibility , and I don 't think the other two would like that very much .
tr	I	I would eventually get there , one day , and I was slowly learning to do things differently .
tr	I	The first Power Play competition will begin , and you will all proceed to the backyard of the plantation once you have finished reading this card .
tr	I	I dreamt in strange flashes and I slowly began to nod off .
tr	I	I kept on moving , and I kept on counting .
tr	O	Instantly wary , Jake looked up and Myles tried to mask his eagerness to hear the answer .
tr	O	Folk were beginning to bustle about and heads were turning toward the stranger .
tr	O	He licked his lips , and the mint of toothpaste made him think of the snacks he 'd eaten before he 'd brushed his teeth .
tr	O	I hurried to Dr. Todd 's office and he was already waiting for me .
tr	O	He climbed down , and she followed .
tr	O	The horse alighted on the road , and Buddy slipped off into the mud .
tr	O	Michael didn 't say anything , but he studied the table very hard .
tr	I	People fell and they fired .
tr	O	Her mouth was set into a frown , and the little wrinkle in between her eyes was making an appearance .
tr	I	He burst out laughing , and I blushed even more .
tr	I	My head whacks into the cement wall and I fall .
tr	I	You were just talking gibberish , but I told you Emma was on the phone .
tr	O	He quickly hurried to the window , but it was sealed shut .
tr	I	Now , without the support of any friends , she was wavering in her steadfastness and she had listened to no one 's counsel .
tr	I	She will not leave the boy 's side , and I think that she is angry with you .
tr	O	These were not the quick raids of enforcement William Gibbons and Thomas made .
tr	I	It 's too high-profile a crime , but everyone thinks of it .
tr	O	The swift intake of breath was inaudible but his body revealed the signs of excitement .
tr	I	She pulled herself upright and her eyes narrowed suspiciously .
tr	O	That meant he couldn 't travel too far from her and he would have to be especially alert for the predator .
tr	I	There were so many opportunities for a girl like her and it was a wonderful town .
tr	O	It was easy to lose himself in her , and he almost couldn 't believe he 'd resisted her for so long .
tr	O	He did not want to think about it , but he could not stop himself .
tr	I	That makes me the luckiest damn man in the world , and you reacted that way because you felt possessive of me .
tr	O	All it would have taken is a call to the local constabulary and they 'd have investigated .
tr	I	That didn 't stop him from following his dreams , but he didn 't even graduate high school .
tr	I	He 'd only been hit once , but she supposed Joe 's head hurt , too .
tr	I	The bottom dropped out of her stomach and her knees weakened .
tr	I	I risked a glance behind me at the sound of his footfalls , and he caught up two blocks later .
tr	I	I just helped her out a bit , and she was about to end it herself .
tr	I	She couldn 't stop smiling but Emma felt like a silly school girl as she took the card .
tr	I	I wanted it perfect , and the shading was difficult .
tr	O	Her neck grew hot , and she removed her scarf , scratching nervously at the exposed skin .
tr	I	The Chosen could enter but they knew the dead warriors would now be standing at the door to the Great Golden Hall , making sure none .
tr	I	Again I try to put him out of my head , and again my brain shifts to Brandon .
tr	O	Layla flat out laughs and I glare at her .
tr	O	Her breathing was even , but he didn 't think she was asleep .
tr	O	She didn 't know what she expected to see when he finally lifted his head , but the nothingness surprised her .
tr	I	You bought that , Maddie , and he told you the problem was yours ?
tr	I	He watched the thrusters push downwards again and VIN shouted back .
tr	O	The tubes twitched at intervals , and a high whining noise filled the air .
tr	I	I reached over to kiss him and Colt was still asleep next me .
tr	I	He turned so that the armor on this upper arm deflected it but I took a swipe at Raine with my axe .
tr	O	God 's words had soaked deeply into her heart and she felt strong .
tr	I	He was falling more under her spell by the minute and she truly was a beautiful lass .
tr	O	The bench itself underwent a sort of matter fusion event , but that isn 't really relevant to you at the moment .
tr	O	No one was ruling out such a possibility , but for the present the answer was no .
tr	O	I know you do not like being forced to keep your agreement , but I will suffer no lagging to prove a point .
tr	O	The fatigue from earlier was still in her face , but she seemed less worn out than when we had been at the gym .
tr	I	Calling it ' water ' was being kind , and the challenge area had been filled knee high with liquid .
tr	O	His gaze was on her , and she froze .
tr	I	I turned away quickly but he took a step toward me .
tr	I	We have no way of knowing what they have , and we don 't have any idea who they are .
tr	I	We would have to stay near the coast , but we had talked about going to the States .
tr	I	I joined the line behind her , and she opened a little black bag for them to inspect .
tr	I	I thought I understood why he wanted to fight , but his actions didn 't recommend him as a volunteer .
tr	I	Her incisors threatened to lengthen , and her mouth was unexpectedly dry .
tr	O	Jack spoke with such confidence I almost believed him , but the doubts nagging at the back of my mind wouldn 't shut up for long .
tr	O	I wished I knew what he was dealing with , but he 'd refused to tell me .
tr	O	The bastard knew how hot he was and he wasn 't ashamed of flaunting it .
tr	I	Their clothing was changing too , turning a brilliant white , and they felt changes ... good changes ... taking place inside their bodies .
tr	I	Paul kept his head down , face concealed from view but several cars passed him .
tr	I	I never even questioned him , and he knew more than anyone in the city .
tr	I	There was force behind his words , but Jax was quiet .
tr	O	I was half afraid that she wouldn 't be awake anymore , but she was .
tr	O	She assumed it would return as it always had , and she wasn 't worried about it .
tr	O	It was their night out and the stars were shining .
tr	O	He dropped his tail , but she didn 't jump .
tr	I	He knew it and he had talents .
tr	I	He had come to the past two meetings , to my dismay , but Perry had not actually joined Real Murders .
tr	O	There is a built-in seat in there , and the shower head is detachable .
tr	I	She recognized the voice but she couldn 't make out the words .
tr	O	They say there 's no harm in daydreaming , but there is .
tr	O	She was infuriated , but at the same time , she was burning with curiosity .
tr	O	I was in trouble , and he was messing around .
tr	O	We rounded the corner and I was blinded by a sea of camera flashes .
tr	I	He seemed to lock down every muscle , as if fighting for control , and his jaw clenched .
tr	O	He was inviting me to be frank , and I was tremendously grateful .
tr	I	A second pair of deeper , parallel cuts , appeared alongside the first and she nodded again .
tr	O	The man was hot , and I was certain every letter in the word hot needed to be capitalized .
tr	O	She was ready for her wedding and she looked exactly like a woman about to marry a king .
tr	O	I don 't know how to make anything except sandwiches and we had that for lunch .
tr	I	Food began to arrive with each tick of the clock , and Black wreaths appeared on the front door .
tr	I	Josephine was too distracted to care about controlling her abilities but a scorching wind burst into the room from nowhere .
tr	I	I promised to go to the launch party and a friend is opening a lounge downtown .
tr	O	The illusion I created makes me suddenly bold , and I clench my teeth , eager for violence .
tr	O	I 'm coming back to your house with you and we 're going to get this moving thing going .
tr	O	He occasionally paddled us down through the fens , but most of the time he poled us along .
tr	O	The thought of doing something on location made me nervous , but my excitement definitely won out .
tr	O	The search for meaning was the cornerstone of human disquiet , and Pilcher had removed that impediment .
tr	I	She broke up with him and some says she had boyfriend .
tr	O	She had seemed so concerned about his feelings earlier , but now it seemed like she had something to prove .
tr	O	It was several moments before he could continue , and when he did , his voice was flat .
tr	O	Noah had been riding for over a year , but I knew that Bella was not as experienced .
tr	O	He held up an arm to block the blow , and the blow sent a tingle from his fingers to his shoulder .
tr	I	Where would she go , but maybe she should move ?
tr	I	It wasn 't enough , but she 'd already come .
tr	I	Jocelyn knew beyond a doubt he was standing in the doorway , but there had been no sound , no indication of his arrival .
tr	O	I stare up at the sunlight , but it 's dulled by the clouds .
tr	I	He wouldn 't send her a locket , but Travis flashed in her mind when she thought of the jail .
tr	O	It was incredible how much it calmed her these days , but more than that , it also made her feel strong .
tr	O	Initially she 'd refrained from giving him any of the flat 's details to protect Danny 's feelings but perhaps instinct had been warning her .
tr	I	A swift execution would have followed , and ' Jealous subordinate plants bomb , ' the headlines would have read .
tr	O	My knees turned to mush and I smiled in return .
tr	I	I can just make one out and signs are fastened to the sides .
tr	I	She smiled and Will shivered in his guilt .
tr	I	Me in mines , and when we made it in Heraklion , Abby went to seep in her room , having a little sand in her hair .
tr	I	Only I am to enter , and the King 's chamber is at the end of the hall before us .
tr	I	I 'm really sorry for whatever it was but I don 't know what I did to anger you .
tr	I	If she was , he would warm her , but he was not cold .
tr	I	I got her voicemail , and she didn 't answer .
tr	I	BUR was not designed to cope with a sudden loss of these supernatural agents al at once , and there were three vampires on staff .
tr	I	It would be a pitiful lie , but I wanted to deny the assumption that my sudden interest in college had anything to do with Roth .
tr	O	I know this is fast , but everything 's going to be okay .
tr	O	They tried to erase James , but I still loved him .
tr	O	The cloud might belong to him once more , but she could still make reasonable demands .
tr	I	It starts to wear on me , and there 's a lot of chattering going on .
tr	O	The glamour was washed away with the island casualness but there were so many other layers that didn 't make sense .
tr	O	As he drew back , my eyes fluttered and my gaze went to his mouth .
tr	O	He did have a very good pension with the union , but it would not pay out until next year .
tr	I	There was a sigh from the onlookers and the shoulders of the two Healers slumped .
tr	I	I loathed that she 'd been taken advantage of and I knew she 'd been living a hard life before today .
tr	O	Here I am imagining her nak * d and she 's genuinely worried about me .
tr	O	I 'll turn on the fire , and then I think everything 's ready .
tr	I	He bit his lip and his chest expanded .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but it was too late for optimal waves .
tr	O	The other eight men were older , and I knew them only by reputation .
tr	I	Its steps left bloody footprints on the cave floor , and the Cane was wounded .
tr	O	When the prickle came , it felt familiar , and I welcomed the soporific effect of the cold liquid spreading through my body .
tr	O	She watched him throw her clothes into an overnight bag , pack up some of her books , and then he was done .
tr	I	This did not sound like one , but I was all for a good read .
tr	O	You know what is expecting you , but still you feel this strange insecurity .
tr	O	Cass was gone in the mornings before I woke up , and we didn 't get home until well after eleven .
tr	O	Alice was about to reply , but Aunt Maud was off again .
tr	I	For the most part I think he 's right and he said I had a knack for human compassion .
tr	O	The monk never looked back , and a moment later , he was gone .
tr	I	When I spoke , my voice was dead , and I looked back at Landry .
tr	O	I opened the letter , knowing that a vision was possible , yet once again , nothing came .
tr	O	John acknowledged and the radio clicked off .
tr	O	That news got me through the day until evening came around , and an unknown car pulled up outside our safe house .
tr	I	The extent of its monstrous sophistication had escaped him , but Darling had suspected she 'd used the device to paralyze the Warden , an impressive feat .
tr	O	Some were people I had lost contact with ages ago and I wasn 't about to humor their questions .
tr	O	He rose to his feet swiftly , but the orc was already upon him .
tr	O	Piero as though he despised him , but he didn 't answer right away .
tr	O	He flew backwards , knocking over a container full of utensils and they all clattered to the floor .
tr	O	The corners of his eyes creased and he covered his mouth with his hand .
tr	O	I stuck my thumb out and the first car coming by stopped to pick me up .
tr	I	It wasn 't the first time this had come up and Thor had mentioned ' her goddess ' .
tr	I	It wouldn 't hurt to try , but I wasn 't sure that a spirit boat would be the answer .
tr	O	Each twenty milliliters of solution can support thousands of spheres but for this experiment we 'll only need about fifty spheres .
tr	I	The Arch remains as a symbol of the Cluj Institute 's dedication to the Angel , but we now know this not to be true .
tr	I	He 's still on life-support but Brain functionality is now stable .
tr	I	I was still too cold , but I could feel the warm air blowing from the floor vents .
tr	I	This time it settled within my own bones , but as if to answer me , another cold breeze blew through the cave .
tr	I	He couldn 't get any words to form , but he tried to speak .
tr	O	Butch nuzzled me , whimpering , but I couldn 't lift a hand to reassure him .
tr	I	She could hear his voice just the same , but Ryan hadn 't said a word .
tr	O	A fist bangs on my door and I jump .
tr	O	Tony hugged up against my back and that 's where dawn found us .
tr	O	That 's sweet , but just so you know , it would be an honor if you named your son after my father .
tr	O	No amount of paint will make it seem flesh , but she has prepared a solution for that .
tr	I	He nodded , glad the discussion was over , but Ian had no idea why that should be .
tr	I	The room was dark , and I was so tired after a late night volunteering at our church .
tr	O	Her eyelids grew heavy and she shivered as unexpected pleasure rippled over her .
tr	I	There , some white , some colored , fading out into the distance and they formed little islands of brightness here .
tr	I	She thrilled with excitement , and Sawyer undressed her swiftly , following every inch of exposed skin with kisses .
tr	I	My father was furious with me because I 'd knocked a vase off the shelf and it takes me back to a time when I was younger .
tr	O	I continued to struggle against the net , averting my face from the harsh glare and that 's when I heard it .
tr	O	They approached the fluffy haired redhead , and when Liam touched her on the shoulder , she turned to look at them .
tr	I	She wasn 't ashamed to admit it and they 'd worked up a healthy appetite .
tr	I	Then Ryan knocked on the door again , but it was silent for a few moments .
tr	I	We 'd clearly failed , and Jane had been hopeful that Victoria 's army would do some damage here .
tr	I	Your offer is so tempting , but no , I must get back on the road .
tr	O	His voice was casual , but she heard a note of indecision , a slight hesitation in his tone .
tr	O	Lana took the keys from her purse and Michael watched , taking in her surroundings .
tr	O	It resisted her touch , but her foot began to sink , slowly .
tr	I	Then I 'm out of power , and I drive for almost 4 hours .
tr	I	Noah 's Ark began to float along the waves and soon the waters began to rise .
tr	I	It spills out onto the sand and Mac opens up the back of the water buffalo .
tr	I	Maggie barks in warning , and the shadow comes closer .
tr	I	He picked me up with ease , but I had forgotten how strong he was .
tr	O	You 're the one ... And Keller would have told him how insane that was , except that it was just what she was feeling herself .
tr	O	His injured hand was bandaged and he held it out away from his body .
tr	I	It took a long time for their meaning to sink in but Dana listened to his words .
tr	I	He didn 't move , but his face twisted in a sneer .
tr	I	He only shrugged , saying that was just the way she was and Teagan asked her father about her once .
tr	O	I don 't think you knew this about me in high school , but I 've always been kind of a tech nerd .
tr	I	He didn 't say that , but he knew what would rise to the top of his priority list .
tr	O	It was three already and we both felt pretty beat up .
tr	I	I had to quit school and I got thrown out today .
tr	O	I 'm about to try to start my truck , and then I 'm out of here .
tr	O	His limbs won 't hold him , and he collapses .
tr	O	All of the oversights we as a group had made proved that , and no matter the assignment the Sisters proposed , nothing was more important .
tr	O	I was ready to give up helping ghosts but I think I 'm ready to get back to it .
tr	I	The selfish part of me was really hoping it wouldn 't , but I know how much she was hoping the exchange would work out .
tr	O	After that , the arguments continued , but at least they were muffled by the bedroom walls .
tr	O	The Red Sox were in the race for the playoffs and he was riveted .
tr	O	The Mackenzie women were impulsively affectionate , and Fellows had learned to tolerate them .
tr	O	You 're mystery , Nikki , and you 're truth .
tr	O	We don 't have a horse for you yet , but you are welcome to use any in the king 's stables .
tr	O	I had never had anyone touch me like this , not even Jackson , and the taboo of it made my arousal go off the charts .
tr	I	I obeyed and he yelled .
tr	O	She is a great woman , and I know she wouldn 't have wanted to be separated from you .
tr	I	I felt safe again - and it smelled like him .
tr	I	She nods , and I ask .
tr	I	You 're supposed to be making me feel better , and I 'm supposed to be traumatized .
tr	O	It was an unseasonably warm day , and a faint wind rustled the last of the leaves in the tree branches .
tr	I	I managed to stay sort of dry , but the heavy rain made the ground slippery .
tr	O	There was a tug of war for Hannah 's future , and that 's not what Linda had anticipated at all when she sought Josie out .
tr	I	The volunteers had rushed to the firehouse straight from their beds , and I knew the pagers had gone off all over the area .
tr	I	It just felt so right , and his free hand was resting on my hip .
tr	I	His explanation must 've pacified her because she changed the subject , but she bit her lip as if contemplating what he 'd said .
tr	O	He had so little time with her and he 'd wish this time back when she was gone .
tr	O	I 've had hallucinations and they don 't hurt !
tr	I	The night air had grown cold , and it was pitch black .
tr	I	My skin felt weird , but he stroked my forehead .
tr	O	A new kind of exhaustion hits me , but it 's an alive exhaustion , not an asleep exhaustion .
tr	O	I 'm not sure why , but I just invited a boy back to my house .
tr	I	Her crazed eyes narrowed into angry slits and Brenda 's attention snapped back to him .
tr	I	Her curls drew a veil over her face and her hair was flying in the wind .
tr	I	I found that I really enjoyed talking with Jake and the conversation was pretty lively during dinner .
tr	I	Maybe he liked the reassurance of his weapon in difficult times , or he held Old Girl in the crook of his arm , anticipating trouble .
tr	I	Their clothes virtually rags and the men around the campfire were unshaven .
tr	I	He licks his lips , and his eyes roam down my body .
tr	I	Shoulders exposed and she 'd arranged her hair in some kind of intricate braid leaving her slender neck .
tr	O	She breathed deeply as her heartbeat quickened and her legs trembled .
tr	O	There wasn 't anything particular in his mind and as he rested on his back , he started to look the sky above .
tr	O	Amelie could kill him , if she gets her hands on him first , and it ' snot his fault .
tr	I	He unwrapped the bandages from around her chest with quick , practiced movements , and the healer indicated that she should undress .
tr	O	I slammed my hand down on the mattress , and Pogo scurried underneath my pillow .
tr	O	He 'll be hurt , but he will get over it .
tr	I	I returned the smile and he smiled at me .
tr	O	Doing so would mean allowing him back into her heart and she couldn 't do that .
tr	I	He said nothing , simply waiting , but a muscle ticked in Mikhail 's jaw .
tr	I	She at least seemed curious now , but he sensed Caroline 's residual skepticism .
tr	O	This was right on so many levels , but it was wrong on so many others .
tr	O	Tears well up , and I press my lips together to keep from crying .
tr	I	I see that same need in you and I look into your mind .
tr	O	I turned and it was her .
tr	I	His gaze shot to her , and Jill cleared her throat .
tr	O	This whole time I thought Melissa knew we were spending time together , but of course , she didn 't .
tr	O	* * * * * Agent 1 bent over Jordan 's laptop and growled .
tr	I	With the doorbell still ringing in short , insistent bursts , Serenity rushed down the stairs , and shaking off the idea .
tr	I	He 'd made it hard not to , but I had been so scared to love Jace .
tr	I	He didn 't launch into a lecture , but he sighed as if in resignation .
tr	O	Others are longer letters and we take more care to find someone to match with .
tr	I	I turn , ready to tell him off , and one mumbles something perverted under his breath .
tr	I	She hid the recognition on her face as he spoke to the soldiers and he didn 't look at her .
tr	O	Before I knew it , I was leaning against the bars ... and Aiden 's back .
tr	O	I wanted to cry so much , but I couldn 't .
tr	O	Our salads were delivered , and I picked at mine .
tr	I	A second orgasm ripped through her , and her hips slammed down on his .
tr	I	She couldn 't help it , but she knew she sounded a little deflated .
tr	I	We 'd talked on the phone several times and he 'd given me his Florida phone number .
tr	I	The darkness couldn 't hide them forever and the shouting of the rebels was growing closer .
tr	O	It would be convenient to blame her giddy excitement on the events of the day , but she was not completely naive .
tr	O	His smile widened at my thoughts and his dark eyes laughed at me .
tr	O	I loved Jack 's passion for me , but I longed to calm him .
tr	I	At least it would protect me from that screaming wind , but I knew that my burrow wouldn 't be toasty warm .
tr	I	I nod , relieved he 's giving me an out and he asks .
tr	O	I have seen you with Pavel and I know you will be very good mother .
tr	O	There were an awful lot of shadows , and the building was several hundred years old .
tr	I	He strictly enjoined me to make sure that you were comfortable , and he said he has never been so tired .
tr	O	He pulls back so that he is looking straight into my eyes , and the desire I see there almost makes me come on the spot .
tr	O	I turn to leave , but her voice stops me .
tr	O	One skimmed past , tugging at the cloth of his shirt , but the other hit him in the leg , breaking his stride .
tr	I	There was no reason for her to be so offensive about it , but I didn 't .
tr	I	While they had their charms , none of them compared to this , and I 'd eaten at a lot of fancy restaurants in my day .
tr	I	They both started laughing and Azalea winked at her .
tr	O	He took a step toward me , and I took a step back .
tr	O	Asia is too harsh , and her shaping skills too narrow .
tr	O	Bo looked to protest again , but Lana held up her hand .
tr	I	She hadn 't meant it , but she had .
tr	I	I stumbled back onto the floor when the door swung open , and my loud , vibrating scream registered on the Richter scale .
tr	I	He made no effort to disguise it and whatever good cheer he had left the hospital with was now long gone .
tr	O	The rats had grossed her out , but they hadn 't diminished her appetite .
tr	O	It was a nice day for a leisurely swim , and the cool water felt good after toiling in the hot garden .
tr	O	He knew he sounded defensive but he couldn 't help it .
tr	O	He 'd been sitting there the entire time , and I 'd been so preoccupied that I hadn 't seen him .
tr	O	It was a nasty looking wound but there was no bleeding .
tr	I	A new alternative was needed , but it was quite an inconvenience .
tr	I	I wasn 't afraid , and it didn 't hurt .
tr	I	There was something about that speck she knew she should remember , but she tried to avert her gaze .
tr	O	Just follow one and it will take you there .
tr	O	Violations were abound , generally , but not everyone could be construed as behaving intentionally .
tr	O	Sean 's gaze wandered to the house next door , and he caught Liam watching him with a knowing smile .
tr	I	Very slowly they made their way to the main floor and he started backing up , using Jacob as a shield .
tr	I	She laughed as she got my little joke and I winked at her .
tr	O	Gansey had been about to start the Camaro , but he took his hand away from the ignition .
tr	I	He fully enjoyed the people 's good graces returned to him , but the camaraderie among his fellows remained tarnished .
tr	I	Now these size tens are feeling tight and I grew out of my comp jeans a couple of weeks ago .
tr	I	Sophia lay tucked into her canopy bed and it was late .
tr	O	She nodded , and he poured .
tr	I	Yet he was as gentle as a tamed lion in her bed , and the deadly power of him was undeniable .
tr	I	His arm tightened around her , and Steve looked down at her .
tr	O	They had a few more hours before they had to seek the solace of the earth and he intended to utilize every minute together .
tr	O	My left hand is beginning to itch from my writing too long , and I will take that as a sign that I must to bed .
tr	O	His irises flared , and there it was , she saw it -- the green monster .
tr	O	My guess is , they knocked him out , and he 'll be fine once he sleeps it off .
tr	O	Justine moved into the room to straighten a doily , and Caleb immediately recognized the lavender fragrance she 'd worn since he was small .
tr	O	I knew immediately what he was asking , and it was as good a place to start as any .
tr	O	I press my forehead into the pillow next to her and we both try to catch our breath .
tr	O	There is an all white face staring at me through the glass , and it doesn 't have eyes !
tr	I	He didn 't want to let that go and I was raking in the cash for him .
tr	O	I could see , but everything was blurry .
tr	I	We were at it again , and he had his sword ready .
tr	I	The heat was somehow ... different , and there wasn 't a trace of smoke .
tr	I	As it looked like a letter , Miriam ignored it , but one document was thrust under one corner of the blotter .
tr	O	Seemed like he was hornier than the devil himself most of the time , but I didn 't mind .
tr	I	Ryan saw a shard of the broken bowl slip into the spoon , but she made to scoop up some more cereal .
tr	I	She could do it if she didn 't panic but it was dangerous , yes , .
tr	I	This isn 't your problem but I can 't think of anything else to do .
tr	I	I gasped with the pain of it , as though a mule had just kicked me in the belly and jealousy raged within me .
tr	I	She began to panic and Bri noticed two angels coming towards the growing crowd .
tr	I	The stars sparkled across it and the sky had shifted grey .
tr	I	Her contract was only for a few more months anyway , but her landlord wasn 't too keen on her moving out .
tr	I	Her fingers were digging into her biceps through her silk shirt , but her brow arched .
tr	O	The flesh gargoyle may only be witnessed by God , your Maker ... and the demons sent by the Evil One , whom you will fight .
tr	I	He slipped something into her bra , and she was setting the cups down .
tr	O	Her eyes shot toward the direction of the voice , but I didn 't need to look to know who it was .
tr	I	She could do it , but the thought sickened her .
tr	I	Her eyes lined with liquid liner and her hair 's been teased .
tr	I	He balled his fists and one tried to touch her .
tr	O	It 'd only been a week , but the ache , the emptiness inside her , hadn 't even begun to dissipate .
tr	I	He was staring at her and Hugh sat in the antechamber , in a chair which faced the front of the room .
tr	I	Then , it has been a long while since I was expected to entertain with civility , but Tea was not my first choice .
tr	I	She whirled to face Morgan who was still sneering at her and her eyes widened with alarm .
tr	O	He had no doubt that Nicole would be there , and to attend would be the highlight of the decade .
tr	I	His body fought against leaning into it , and her animal warmth flowed into his back .
tr	O	One look at the headlines and she forgot all about eating .
tr	O	We didn 't talk about it too much , or we started to stress out .
tr	I	I try not to gag , and a sickly sweet smell pervades everything .
tr	I	He glared at her and Rashid 's arms crossed over his chest .
tr	I	He 'd never once imagined Margaret , but he 'd imagined her many ways .
tr	I	His mind was restless , but he had tried meditating .
tr	I	There the resemblance ended , but 6 Christine was about the same age as her .
tr	O	Perhaps he would appreciate her consideration regarding the trauma through which she was putting him , and she would be more sympathetic to her cause .
tr	O	His voice should scare me , but I 'm too pissed to notice .
tr	O	Her father was a sniper , and her mother was an army nurse .
tr	O	I 'd like to head over to Lennox 's party now , but I don 't know how I feel about leaving Mom alone .
tr	O	I looked over to Nate to make sure I didn 't just imagine it and he gave me a wink .
tr	O	Seth asks and I nod .
tr	O	I shook my head , but I didn 't know what to say .
tr	I	She didn 't even look happy to see him but he 'd been all excited .
tr	O	He picked up on the wrong anxiety , but I appreciated his concern anyway .
tr	I	The memory was hazy , but I tried to remember .
tr	I	I felt myself visibly relax into my seat and a rush of air expelled through my mouth .
tr	O	Her fingers flexed about the reins but she forced herself to relax .
tr	I	They had consequences and I made decisions in my life .
tr	I	It wore the same outfit he had sported the last time he conversed with Jonas , and it was exactly his height .
tr	O	She tried to reach Alicia , but Alicia didn 't pick up .
tr	I	Northern Virginia traffic was notoriously unpredictable , but dulles was only a half-hour away .
tr	O	Finally he could become Peter 's father and by god he deserved it , having grown up without a father figure in his life .
tr	I	His eyes took in my whole appearance , and I saw Logan look down at me .
tr	I	The closures yielded to her easily enough and luckily the box was not locked .
tr	O	It puzzled him why she was dressed the way she was and it puzzled him why she was even on that road .
tr	O	There was a big gash in his hind leg where Brutus had tagged him with his sharp teeth and blood was slowly oozing out of it .
tr	O	A couple shakes of his head and his vision cleared .
tr	O	The handcuffs suppressed his magic and that was all that mattered .
tr	O	We both were seating at a table and I took another good look at her .
tr	O	She leaned forward , shielding her eyes against the afternoon sun , and only then realized she was looking at horses , hundreds of them .
tr	O	Flames spread across the ground , and I darted around the blaze .
tr	I	The roof way above was wide open , but some of the stairs was left .
tr	I	That was that she detested Grover with every fiber of her being , and one thing was for certain though .
tr	I	At least he could respond in his best English , but Karl was still a problem .
tr	I	Allison had seemed confident that Tara would , but I was certain she wouldn 't agree .
tr	I	I didn 't want to , and I would never get him out of my system .
tr	O	She was ready to bring the load to the dryer , but when she turned around she nearly bumped into Jordan Turner .
tr	O	His face was stony , and his eyes were dark .
tr	I	Elijah drew her outward , and Julia was recalling Amsterdam .
tr	O	There was a small entry wound in his left shoulder and he held his neck with his right hand .
tr	O	The sea just beyond the walkway outside was choppy and on the horizon he could see wisps of rain .
tr	I	Lately she has been in a mood , but I don 't mind Sandy at times .
tr	I	He 'd said his was right next door and there were only two rooms on this hallway .
tr	I	I wasn 't foolish enough to believe that freedom would fix me and completely fragmented .
tr	I	Fin 's intimacy before everything blew up in their faces and she hadn 't had time to process her .
tr	I	I forced myself to relax , and a strong breeze made the leaves on the trees above us rustle .
tr	I	In that moment the two men shared a look of barely concealed loathing , and the first man froze for a second to glance back .
tr	O	I heard shuffling on the bed and I bolted upright .
tr	O	She could agree all she wanted but she really had no idea if she could make it happen .
tr	I	Alix wanted Grandma in the pictures and the photographer would be there soon .
tr	I	The sound didn 't mask her anxiety , but she laughed a little under her breath .
tr	O	I opened my heart , and I knew the answer .
tr	O	You think by talking to that old dragon that you can defeat me but it won 't be as simple as you think .
tr	O	Eric looked surprised , and his back stiffened .
tr	O	It happened so quickly , but she recognized him instantly .
tr	O	Her eyebrows pinched together in confusion and I knew I had to explain .
tr	O	She leaned back over my body and I began where I left off .
tr	I	My lungs still felt like they 'd stopped working , but I sucked in a deep breath , then another .
tr	I	Diablo placed a gentle finger on her dry lips , but Amelia opened her mouth to say something .
tr	O	It would only hurt him but in the whole time they 'd been apart that was the most outrageous thing she 'd almost done .
tr	I	My eyelids are drooping , but the stars still sparkle .
tr	I	She quickly took a sip to disguise her uneasiness , and her coffee arrived .
tr	I	Three of its comrades were already racing toward them , but it yelped , slowing .
tr	O	It hadn 't worked out for him , but at least his brother 's life had been saved .
tr	I	Conflicting emotions stirred in my chest , and my heart clenched at the thought .
tr	O	I do not know whether it is paranoia , but I swear I can see something moving beneath its plastic surface .
tr	I	My subconscious has me slowing down the inevitable , and perhaps I am nervous to see them .
tr	O	Not that I 'm complaining , but I assume it 's going to be very , very cold .
tr	O	Everyone had their own stuff to deal with , and one 's own problems had the power to surpass whatever was happening to anyone else .
tr	O	Abbott motioned me through an archway to the kitchen , where the wallpaper had daisies and the appliances hadn 't been updated since the ' 50s .
tr	O	She took a quick step back but her pride would not allow more .
tr	O	Simon lost Alec 's murmured response ; a sudden stabbing pain shot through him , and he doubled up .
tr	O	The rapid pace Mike 's long legs demanded made absolute identification impossible , but the emotional cords the brief sighting stroked deep within screamed for attention .
tr	I	When it broke over his head it would wash everything away , and somewhere a big dark wave was cresting .
tr	I	There was still no sign of him , and the tournament was about to start .
tr	O	We rode the subway there in complete silence and she barely looked at me the entire time .
tr	O	I know Doc doesn 't want me to jump , but he should 've cut off my arm if he wanted to prevent me from jacking in .
tr	O	Bruno grunted and lapsed into silence .
tr	O	I know he doesn 't mean to , but it happens .
tr	I	Aaron pushed right through them into the street , but a small crowd was waiting at the crosswalk for the light .
tr	I	He took two deep breaths and his eyes closed .
tr	I	He 'd been in the ranching business forever and he 'd only witnessed one stampede in his life .
tr	O	See , now you know my family and you know we like to help people .
tr	O	He was parroting Al , but his objection was nonetheless heartfelt .
tr	O	If she pointed out the obvious , she 'd sound like a fool , but she couldn 't deny it , either .
tr	I	Explaining everything to him had taken forever , and she had gotten behind because Kevin had called while she was at the grocery store .
tr	I	He didn 't like the affect it was having on her , and they made her nervous .
tr	O	He calls out and she stumbles back .
tr	O	Fingers pointed and feet pounded .
tr	I	My cousins needed to sleep and Hunter was stable .
tr	O	Alice will see if he decides to look himself , but we could be very busy at the time that decision is made .
tr	O	He started to speak , but the words burned into nothing when Mairi shook her head .
tr	I	I see his jaw tighten as he grits his teeth , but he doesn 't answer .
tr	I	You could help me with my Italian , and we could help you with your English .
tr	I	Then Meredith got up to put an arm around Bonnie , and there was a long pause .
tr	I	A warm blush rose to her cheeks , and he cocked an eyebrow at her playfully .
tr	I	It was a great site , and he was gifted with technology .
tr	O	His kiss started out as more of a request , a soft , tempting lure , but the more she responded the more passionate it grew .
tr	O	Landon yelled something , but there were no more words , only noises .
tr	O	I texted her brief details and she texted back her confirmation to bring Tammy .
tr	I	Mandy brought in a tray of coffee , her usual morning task and Colin had just settled into his desk chair when the door opened .
tr	I	I 'm sorry I walked in on you , and I had a rough time finding this place .
tr	O	That kind of life had destroyed her mother , and she knew intrinsically that it would kill her , too .
tr	I	This case could be a turning point , but fathers were still rarely given full custody .
tr	I	I wondered if she remembered me , and she didn 't respond at first .
tr	O	I knew she had a new boyfriend now , but that was about it .
tr	O	He had a whole show lined up for them -- and they were still in the opening credits .
tr	I	I 'd have to take care of it later , but the gash on my arm was still oozing sluggishly .
tr	O	It kept him close to the base , but that was the only draw about it .
tr	I	He felt her tense , but she stood her ground .
tr	O	Grace could see it in his eyes , but then he had hurt her , too .
tr	I	That 's exactly what he experienced , but what he didn 't expect was a white-hot sweep of possessiveness .
tr	I	They hadn 't spoken to me since the first night , but the three of them were in several of my classes .
tr	I	One look said that , and he would not waste his words dealing with such nonsense , because from this man it was .
tr	O	The temperature had to be pushing a hundred , and the humidity was high , prime conditions for a thunderstorm .
tr	I	His gaze locked with hers and his head turned .
tr	I	He growled , and I smiled .
tr	O	She 'd only seen the pain they 'd caused him , and it made her heart ache .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure any of it made sense , but this was not a time to dismiss any possibilities .
tr	O	I was about to shout back but I just heard the place clapped .
tr	O	Hemp was not anywhere in sight , and so far he hadn 't answered .
tr	O	He was still a stranger to me , but it felt like we had become comrades in a short time .
tr	I	Damn , I wasn 't blind , but she 'd always been a knockout , not that I 'd ever thought of her that way .
tr	O	It fell to the ground and he finally got to see her beautiful breasts in the light of day .
tr	I	I knew it wouldn 't be long before I passed out , and a dark cloud appeared behind my eyelids .
tr	O	She often teased him about his appearance , but his non-conventional looks were one of the things that had drawn her to him in the first place .
tr	O	John wrapped his fingers around my throat and it wasn 't long before I could feel blood vessels in my eyes begin to burst .
tr	O	I knew she didn 't mean it as an insult , but it still stung .
tr	O	His horse was frothing at the mouth , but the Prince continued to push it mercilessly .
tr	I	I will make sure she will never know my secret , and she was fully unaware of how innocent I really am .
tr	I	She could breathe again and that her world could continue .
tr	O	Everything had gone well so far , but that wasn 't easing the tension building within each of them .
tr	I	When he spoke again , it was on a new subject entirely , but she thought he might talk further about the Scribe .
tr	O	She had expected some kind of reaction out of her new dress , but this wasn 't exactly going how she 'd hoped .
tr	I	The place was almost full and it was Friday .
tr	O	Her eyes went very wide , and her lip began to tremble .
tr	O	The ground began to harden and she noticed rocks all around .
tr	I	His eyes darkened with desire , and his breath hissed out between clenched teeth .
tr	O	She gritted her teeth to control herself from crying , and then she smiled .
tr	O	Gio had opened his mouth to answer , but the little girl was already speaking again .
tr	O	She 'd just let that slip before even thinking about it , and now they were all looking at her expectantly .
tr	I	It came into my head involuntarily , but you know it 's a crazy thought .
tr	I	His internal body clock told him it was daytime , but the thick black curtains over the windows let in very little light .
tr	I	Its registration number is RUS 728 , and it was a black Riley Continental .
tr	O	When he saw me , his eyes widened , and his mouth formed a small O .
tr	O	I had to make sure I was watching them every second or they were into something .
tr	I	Then the door was flung open , and someone beat on his door .
tr	I	I don 't mind it at all and it occurs to me in a rush .
tr	O	I know you 're already way too busy , and I don 't want you to fill in .
tr	I	I 'm still in pain and she had a mean attitude !
tr	I	He had conducted secret experiments on children , yet his name had always been above reproach .
tr	I	It didn 't stop him , but Black fluid flowed from the fallen 's wound .
tr	I	The guests fell silent , and Music began to play .
tr	O	He did not know why , but he had always wanted to live there .
tr	O	You 'd think from what she just said she 'd be done with him , but she 's not .
tr	I	I was the catalyst for pushing the project forward , and they had done all they could with this problem without me .
tr	O	He 'll come after her again and by then she 'll be strong .
tr	O	Maybe I 'd put her on a pedestal , but up until know she 'd deserved one .
tr	I	She clenched up , expecting a sharp slap and his hand curved over her bottom .
tr	O	I didn 't understand because I was too young , but it made me hated you .
tr	O	His head lifted and I shivered at the raging lust in his dark eyes , knowing exactly how it would feel to have it unleashed on me .
tr	O	Sam 's eyes softened and he held out his hand .
tr	O	They are soft , as a woman should be , and pleasing to look upon .
tr	I	The bandage was dry , but it hurt enough to tell her it was bruised .
tr	O	Sure they had leave time , but scheduling it to coincide was nearly impossible .
tr	O	That last part comes out a little angry and she follows it up with a punch to my shoulder .
tr	O	We 'll put our heads together and we 'll come up with a solution .
tr	I	He wasn 't rough , but he wasn 't gentle .
tr	O	She remembered meeting Howell Three briefly , and he hadn 't seemed the manual labor kind of guy .
tr	O	The spot was numb if he touched it directly but the pain caused by moving his shoulder had gone .
tr	I	His tone remains mocking , but the red head 's eyes harden as he turns toward me , as if he 's not used to being threatened .
tr	I	The viewing officially began , and Father Jonas said a few words over the body .
tr	O	It was a Tuesday and we had a test in History .
tr	O	They are whispering while the tide roars and the sea oats lash at the car .
tr	I	That was something and I had a relationship to grow with one of JMS High 's most beautiful girls .
tr	I	It smells amazing all mixed together , but I don 't know .
tr	O	She shouldn 't be kissing him , but it felt so good .
tr	I	He wanted to know if I was all right , and he 'd been the one who was almost dead .
tr	O	I was fine but I wanted alone time .
tr	O	Spencer had come to the party with Kelsey , and it was obvious the two of them were on something .
tr	I	A low roar came from the rapidly burning timbers , and the flames leapt up , obscuring her fair face .
tr	O	Each day , the other kids in the neighborhood would gather and I 'd read the next installment to them .
tr	I	He jerked back , away from me , and I shoved .
tr	I	I loved her , and this was Nina .
tr	I	During the week she would always come with Max , but Ash would come with her on the weekends .
tr	I	John followed her and Tanya disappeared once again .
tr	O	I couldn 't even make any friends at Mythos , and I wasn 't some great warrior like the other kids were .
tr	I	I decided to keep it out of sight , but I was going to give them a quick demonstration with my sling .
tr	O	He walked to the top of a smal hil , and I stood halfway down .
tr	I	No words would come , but Kelly wanted to talk .
tr	I	I could not listen , did not care but a man tried to explain it to me .
tr	I	She was watching me with an odd sort of glint in her eyes and she was no longer on the phone .
tr	I	Graham 's frenzy skyrocketed , and she smiled a little .
tr	O	I swung the door open , and the garden was eerily silent .
tr	O	Your presence might remind him of what really happened , and Lucas needs to forget .
tr	I	I drink in my fill of her as I watch her undress really quickly , and she scoots to the center of the bed .
tr	O	My hands flailed against the side of his head , but he was too strong .
tr	I	Her furniture was new , but the building was old .
tr	O	Spark handed over the rest of the jerky and Riddick snatched it up .
tr	O	Some files were locked and others were erased .
tr	O	I held out my hand to shake on it and when he took my hand in his , my heart raced at the contact .
tr	O	His lustful eyes raked over me and I felt violated by this act .
tr	O	We 're best friends , and we don 't keep secrets .
tr	I	Of course her wrists were tied with thick leather straps to two metal poles , but she tried to move her hands .
tr	O	The blinds are down but I see lights on .
tr	O	Only known one other like her , and it was her mom .
tr	O	The gryphon turned his head , watching me , but I kept walking .
tr	O	Mrs. Dalton lost her husband a short time later and both of her boys were killed in the war .
tr	O	For just a second I see a frown cross his face , but it is gone so quickly I have to wonder if I imagined it .
tr	I	I don 't know if God exists , to tell you the truth , but it 's scary to say this .
tr	I	I did not see him as any harm to others , and I told her I thought he was finished hurting himself .
tr	O	Bradford knew for sure where the money had come from and Mario left no doubt as to the consequences of default .
tr	I	He was clearly a Scot , yet he used words much like the English .
tr	I	The Fates required order , and ending a game before completion was against the order of things .
tr	O	My back slammed against the bench seat and I 'm pretty sure I felt my brains crash against my skull from the sudden momentum .
tr	O	Dorian caressed her back , and she looked at him .
tr	I	There was nothing that she could do , yet Claude 's touch was making her sick .
tr	I	The two stopped , and I cried out .
tr	I	Jacob felt her watching him and Tabitha slipped into the bed .
tr	I	His throat ached from wanting to bellow a war cry , and Graeme 's hand itched for wanting to grip his sword .
tr	I	I rolled my eyes and he lifted a perfectly groomed eyebrow at me .
tr	I	It wasn 't easy to get my leg working right , and my wound was burning a bit .
tr	I	Here she had it the whole time and she knew I had been out there looking for it .
tr	I	It was probably the route of least potential damage , but it could be expensive in terms of surveillance of the shop .
tr	I	Children know this , and doesn 't explain anything .
tr	I	When it hits the water it melts like sugar in coffee , and it 's falling in great downy billows .
tr	I	It took him a long time to answer , and Sam 's face told me he hadn 't asked himself this question before .
tr	O	There are a few more minutes until the first class begins and I just saw you for the first time today turning down a nearby hallway .
tr	I	She was sure that they knew it , and she was dying .
tr	I	He looks at me and I call his name .
tr	I	The image was a vivid one , but Laurence had never commanded a dragon transport .
tr	O	I jabbed at the keyboard , and a loud bell sounded , chiming five times before echoing off the walls of the room for a little longer .
tr	O	His eyes narrowed and his gaze snapped to Anna who drew a rifle , tossing aside her useless pistol .
tr	O	Maia was prepared for the other men to scoff at the viscount , but to her surprise , they remained silent .
tr	I	He managed to choke out a few words and his plain hardened features folded down the center .
tr	I	He wanted to arrive at the Arapaho village by mid-afternoon , and he had a long way to go .
tr	O	You 're not going to believe this , but after lunch , I don 't stalk Coach Burns 's office to look for Brian .
tr	I	Her face was blue-white with pain , but she was trying to get up .
tr	O	Those beside us urge us to stand and we do , waving to the congregation .
tr	O	His round , red face topped by thinning light brown hair was familiar , but I couldn 't recall his name .
tr	O	After a few minutes the water settled and the surface was a mirror once again .
tr	O	People talk , as people tend to do , but we 'd never crossed that friendship line .
tr	I	The Prince was off at once , and the man pointed up a staircase .
tr	O	He rented the apartment and he bought the chair .
tr	O	The scream in my mind is shattering my soul , and the pain of being thrown makes my breath short .
tr	I	At the same time I didn 't want to smother her , but I wanted to see her tomorrow .
tr	I	It changed nothing , but she heard him .
tr	I	The angels sing and I think the heavens open up .
tr	O	He blew gently against her nape , and a shiver slid through her body .
tr	I	She never let it ruin her , but it was rough on my mom .
tr	O	Then his lips are on mine again , and he pulls his shirt out from under my hands so that I am touching his bare skin .
tr	O	She was a trained accountant , for pity 's sake , and she handled the multimillion-dollar KCL budget on a daily basis .
tr	O	He jumped and she laughed .
tr	I	He settled back into his seat , and Sam 's smile stretched wide .
tr	O	The truth was , he just wanted to play hockey , and even if the money sucked , he was now a professional hockey player .
tr	I	He seemed more determined , and my God , he had the disease too .
tr	I	There were very few fish around , but we were in a spot of the ocean with several reefs .
tr	I	He doesn 't want to , but he 's trying to stay away for whatever reason .
tr	O	His food arrived and he picked up his fork .
tr	I	There had been some problems with the coach , but he had tried to pitch in college .
tr	I	They 'll be worried too , but I know everyone will be happy .
tr	I	Four open wounds stared up at him , the muscles torn , the skin completely gone and Blood poured down his chest .
tr	I	I 'm not sure , but I 'm working on it .
tr	I	Her memory began to fade and her father refused to put his mother in a nursing home when her health started to deteriorate .
tr	O	More howls came from the brush , and Falconer pointed .
tr	I	I can tell you he 's good , and I 've spent all of a couple hours with him , Daddy .
tr	I	Yet she seemed so convinced , but it seemed so far fetched .
tr	O	An older couple with a golden retriever passed them in the other direction , and three runners disappeared around the bend .
tr	O	My dad was gone now , but he still thought about me .
tr	O	You accepted those men because they said they wanted to serve , but their reasons for wanting it had nothing to do with you .
tr	O	He has a kind face and he touches my shoulder reassuringly .
tr	I	She screamed and Anne 's face turned bright red .
tr	I	It might also be bad , but that might be good .
tr	I	Gaia grabbed his hand and he chuckled .
tr	O	John 's eyes widened and he looked at the captain with a renewed respect .
tr	O	There was nobody that looked like you , and nobody exactly like you .
tr	I	No one would ever know and no one knew .
tr	I	He looked , and Butch pointed .
tr	I	She frowned and a new thought occurred .
tr	O	His thick shaft swelled and the new position allowed him to penetrate even deeper , sending me spiraling over the edge of my orgasm .
tr	O	I tugged at his grimy ears , and he tugged at my tender arms .
tr	O	They were already lined up in battle formations and I smiled at their enthusiasm .
tr	I	I was startled out of a light doze and I hadn 't been aware that I 'd dozed off until I heard something snap .
tr	I	Zane didn 't even hesitate , but it was almost eight blocks from the station to Tulane Medical Center .
tr	O	He was uncertain as to the source of the laughter , but the stern look he brought in to the room slowly gave way to a smile .
tr	O	I like fun as much as the next guy , but I don 't get it .
tr	O	This will be difficult , but you will only be stronger because of it .
tr	I	You need to get away from her , but I know you won 't run .
tr	I	His fists open if the urge to defend his woman 's honor overcame him and he agreed to keep his mouth shut .
tr	O	He knew the instant that she felt it as well and her wary eyes looked up at him .
tr	O	The girls quickly filled in the two and they agreed to join in the rescue .
tr	I	That might push Jack over the edge , but she wanted to laugh , to cheer .
tr	O	She knew his money wouldn 't last forever , and her offering would at least stem the tide .
tr	I	One of the phone books slid off the stack and I jumped .
tr	O	Ella 's arm was looped around Xavier 's , and they were both in thick wool coats .
tr	I	My attention was drawn elsewhere but I was about to say something .
tr	I	It 's locked but I jiggle the door knob .
tr	O	The demons here don 't expose what they are , but the humans here aren 't innocent .
tr	I	Naomi beamed , and I felt Bry 's strong grip on my arm .
tr	I	A few dogs did bark as I walked down the street , but the night was quite as still as it had been .
tr	O	He beat the crap out of some dude in the locker room , but no one knows why .
tr	O	The winds there were cold in the winters , but they were always fresh .
tr	O	Suffice it to say I have a fiance , and he 's not going to let me go .
tr	I	It didn 't do any good , but Garrett glared at his twin again .
tr	I	He knew it and Devlin was caught .
tr	O	She didn 't really shout but she said this very sternly .
tr	I	He came to a stop , and I planted my feet .
tr	O	It was owned by an immortal who ensured that the windows had blackout curtains and the closets had outlets for special travel refrigerators .
tr	I	In reality they should 've been more concerned about their own , and they thought it was okay to control other people 's lives .
tr	I	She sucked in a sharp breath and his finger slid over her nipple .
tr	I	I push them faster anyway , but my legs are screaming against the pain .
tr	I	I opened my mouth to speak and I gazed at him wordlessly as horror rose in my chest .
tr	I	She would have lost him or she 'd been lucky they had such a strong connection .
tr	O	Ms. Olson blanched , and Melody heard a gasp behind her .
tr	O	I know it 's not much of a honeymoon , but I 'd like to take you away , even if it 's only for a weekend .
tr	O	He paled next to Paul , but he was a welcome diversion .
tr	O	The waiter came over , and we ordered .
tr	I	Both of them tumbled over the edge of the roof and Fluffy barked once before he pounced onto the zombie .
tr	I	She could barely breathe , and her body was tense .
tr	O	Something touched her skin and she saw a spider scurry over her hand .
tr	O	She 'd found her voice and now she was sounding desperate .
tr	I	It was very brittle , but Quartz was pretty enough .
tr	I	He wanted them to be a little tipsy , and he knew the couple wouldn 't finish dinner till about seven .
tr	I	Of these only a small percentage were even capable of supporting life , and only a small percentage of stars had developed planetary systems .
tr	I	It was hard , but I was doing my best to play nonchalant .
tr	O	The man was a buffoon , but it wasn 't even that .
tr	O	I had thought I could withstand the force of it , but I was wrong .
tr	O	He talked about the amazing engineering of this secret tunnel and how ingenious it was for them to hide the Sun Stones in such a place .
tr	O	He blew the smoke in Marcus ' direction , but Marcus didn 't flinch .
tr	O	Before it could latch , his hand shot out , and she knew to struggle would be useless .
tr	I	That included Tyler , and the less any wolf knew at this point , the better .
tr	I	They were the wrong shoes for a long walk , especially without socks , but her canvas shoes may work for everyday wear .
tr	O	People do hunt , and accidents do happen .
tr	O	Her gaze fell on the vile meal she had spread out between them , and she stiffened her back .
tr	O	I had wondered , if I found out Ty was dating someone else , if my heart would lurch , but it 's stil .
tr	I	I refrained , but I wanted to say mean things to him , hurtful things that might goad him into touching me .
tr	I	He 'll want to hump it and put a skirt on a broomstick .
tr	I	They went back to the beer , and Sean nodded .
tr	O	A bead of sweat was trickling down the valley between her inviting breasts and lazily he leaned his head down , tracking the bead with his tongue .
tr	I	What is there to say , but I would describe the ride ?
tr	I	I couldn 't blame her for being nervous and I caught her looking back a few times .
tr	I	I take the opportunity to run my eyes over him one more time , and he opens his menu .
tr	O	Thankfully the man was good at his job and he hadn 't cut Samara 's flesh .
tr	O	I find that I miss it already , but I intend to not show it .
tr	O	I know I 've condemned myself with this lie , but I also know I 'd be damned for revealing the truth .
tr	I	This was Dea al Mon. , but Everything felt a bit rustic .
tr	I	The mists blurred the edges of the world , and the fallen autumn leaves were slick beneath Bod 's feet .
tr	I	He climbed out without a word , and she pulled up into his driveway .
tr	I	The townspeople were enjoying the good weather , and the spring evening was unusually warm .
tr	O	Misery weighted my body , and my eyes felt puffy .
tr	I	Pearl knew that no-one was any closer to identifying him and the initial excitement of having an unidentified patient had worn off at the hospital .
tr	I	The seat next to Ken 's is yours , Meg , and Ken , the seat next to me is for you .
tr	I	I pat her back , and Lorena starts to cry .
tr	O	This was the man that my mother promised I could trust , but one I didn 't truly know .
tr	O	He 'd had his way with her and now he was done .
tr	O	I shift my weight from one leg to the next and a branch snaps loudly beneath my foot .
tr	O	Finn wasn 't sure he would have come back anyway , but this much was true .
tr	O	It was only a little sound , but it had a certain portentous quality .
tr	O	He heard them both clearly , and he understood what they said .
tr	I	The space shrunk and the light grew .
tr	I	She shook as much as the soldier begging for his life in broken Spanish , and panic bubbled up inside her .
tr	I	As my eyes grew use to the dim light it began to assume a more noticeable form , but it had been there all along .
tr	O	He started to put his goggles back on , but she stopped him with a hand on his arm .
tr	I	The child was brought back to the family thanks to the relentless strive of the Kerala Police , and the case was reported .
tr	O	He wanted to believe it could handle anything thrown at it , but he just didn 't know .
tr	O	The organ music started and everyone stood .
tr	I	I start to dribble again and Travis tosses it back .
tr	I	They get a small salary and the quarterbacks are typically American .
tr	O	My eyes were a little tired and I found myself rubbing them while waiting at red lights .
tr	I	Just the sight of that small bit of naked flesh made me blush , but it was strange .
tr	O	We talked , drank a lot , and we had sex .
tr	I	This time it 's more intensified and my shoulders twitch as sparks shock my chest again .
tr	I	Her eyes glazed over and she grasped the steering wheel again .
tr	O	She bolted a few paces straight , and then she took a sharp left .
tr	I	Approaching fast but I see the gleam of a small train car , far away now .
tr	O	She 'd been so sure of what she wanted , and now doubts pelted her like hail .
tr	I	She hoped it wasn 't her fault and she couldn 't believe what was happening .
tr	O	Grace asked , and Jude wondered how long Grace had held that question back , afraid to ask it of anyone in her family .
tr	I	The truth is that hardly anyone ever went down there and it took up two entire floors .
tr	O	Possibly he was being too paranoid , but after the events in Russia , he dared take no chances .
tr	O	He rested his forehead against mine , and every muscle in my body locked up .
tr	O	The movers lift a white sofa from the back of the truck , and my heart thumps harder .
tr	O	The rest of the group had joined us and I was trying to find an escape route .
tr	I	Her brother , Max , stepped out on the patio and the rear door opened .
tr	O	Clues got to his feet , though not as elegantly and he too reached for his sword .
tr	I	Apparently Carolyn did , but she didn 't consider men in those terms .
tr	O	Relief registers in her eyes and we being moving forward again .
tr	O	There are no bars in the door but it feels like a dungeon cell .
tr	I	For a moment she looked strikingly like Nipper , the dog on the old RCA Victor labels , and Dinah 's head cocked to one side .
tr	O	We 've been best friends forever and now he can 't even talk to me ?
tr	O	someone yelled from the audience , and laughter followed .
tr	I	Nothing about her life felt right and School had drained her .
tr	O	There were too many people in the back seat and he knew they 'd be stopped by the highway patrol , if they were seen .
tr	I	I uncovered his lips and he nodded at me .
tr	I	She still seemed confused , but it all seemed pretty good to me .
tr	O	Jack played host to the rowdy crowd and most of the staff seemed to have known him by name already .
tr	O	Somewhere deep inside , I 'm dying , but there will be time for that later .
tr	I	Their guns could not reach the enemy but the Nomads fired back .
tr	O	To his face they made optimistic remarks but he knew they shook their heads when they thought he couldn 't see .
tr	O	Noah held his breath as moments passed and the guards moved on .
tr	O	One wrong move from me and I could be toast .
tr	O	He entered Kelly this time , and they both groaned wantonly .
tr	I	We continued to walk in silence , and I shook my head .
tr	O	She wasn 't wearing a hat , but she had her hair pulled back , which was unusual .
tr	O	He chuckled at her and she loved the sound he made .
tr	I	She wasn 't about to punish him for that , and Singer had acted instinctively to protect her .
tr	O	The bedroom door was closed , but clearly someone had been in his room while he 'd slept .
tr	O	One bullet grazed his leg and another gouged out a wickedly painful groove in his left side just below his ribs .
tr	O	The silver feels cold against my clammy flesh , but that 's all .
tr	O	Something snagged his attention , though , and he tried to make sense of what he was seeing .
tr	I	The United States was formed , and Great Britain had lost its colonies .
tr	I	He 's more than ready to move on and there 's an unopened second birthday present .
tr	I	It occurred to me that Patch had taken great care not to leave any trace of himself behind , and the actual computer was gone .
tr	O	He denies he is an Imperial agent and we have no information that he is .
tr	I	I 'd often found myself wondering if we were the same size so I could borrow them , and her shoes were also fabulous .
tr	I	He couldn 't let her and she was trying to leave .
tr	O	A fur covered bed dominated the room , and a fire warmed the chill winter air .
tr	O	The heat was intense , but I knelt before it .
tr	O	My sister may be gone , but I am still right here .
tr	I	You aren 't a murderer , but you know how it feels to take a life .
tr	I	All was still , and he was warm .
tr	I	I would 've rather plummeted to earth than let him join me , but so maybe not waiting for Hades hadn 't been the best idea .
tr	O	She reached out to squeeze his arm , and he responded by lying down with her .
tr	I	I gulped nervously , and the green in his eyes had turned to something much darker .
tr	I	A layer of clouds had rolled in , and there were no outside lights at the farm .
tr	O	I don 't know if we ought to be doing something that the other villagers would disapprove of , but I recognize Vel 's look .
tr	O	It obviously caught her off guard , and she didn 't respond for at least ten seconds .
tr	O	She made very clear that she was the social expert , and her ideas were not to be ignored .
tr	O	I walk past all of them to the stall at the end of the aisle , and there is Corr .
tr	I	I wouldn 't die , and I wouldn 't cave .
tr	O	The Banker drew back a little , and when he spoke again , frost had crept into his voice .
tr	I	It wasn 't always real ... but they showed me you guys .
tr	O	All the parents would come to the pageant , and he could just go to the bathroom then , when Dad would take him .
tr	O	Jett scowled at him and Felix held his hands up in mock surrender , before backing into the room that Theo had successfully opened .
tr	I	All their knowledge was hers , and she was only the last , only one of them .
tr	O	The trees were green and the sky was blue .
tr	I	This was absurd , but her work often uncovered unusual findings .
tr	I	Her home wasn 't going to be a secret black hole any longer , but she might hate him for it later .
tr	I	I was even less so now , and I hadn 't been nervous then .
tr	I	For me morning time was for coffee , but it didn 't taste bad .
tr	I	She 'd just had a bad breakup and I reminded myself that Jess was Rock 's cousin .
tr	O	So far we 'd been sitting apart on the seat , but I found myself drawn to move in a little closer .
tr	O	I walk Brenden to his house and he smiles .
tr	O	Over the course of my travels , the card had become more bloodstained , but I had never lost it .
tr	I	As usual , he was muttering to himself , and he was setting a fast pace .
tr	I	He held me and he put his arm around me .
tr	O	She reached out to put my face in her hands and I inhaled the strong smell of hospital soap .
tr	I	Stocking the kitchen with her favorite foods seemed like a good idea , but it probably seemed desperate .
tr	I	The dining car was full of commotion and everyone was talking .
tr	O	The thrill was gone and we were good friends .
tr	O	His dangling eye drew back into his face , and his swollen one deflated .
tr	O	Shannon giggled , but her giggle turned into a gasp as his tongue worked its way in a circle around her sensitive nipple , caressing the skin .
tr	O	I loved Frost , too , but I 'd had my revelation .
tr	I	It may be because of the two Officers we are holding and you will be happy to know that the executions did not take place .
tr	I	I don 't like that , and it makes me feel helpless .
tr	O	Now that stupor seemed to have cleared , and her eyes were watery as she stretched out a hand to caress Jonathan 's back .
tr	I	I shrugged him away , but diggs touched my arm .
tr	O	I thought I heard a loud crash , but my eyelids were too heavy to open .
tr	O	I 'm totally thrown by whatever the hell is happening between us and I don 't seem to be able to stop myself from reacting .
tr	I	I am going home and I have been in surgery for hours .
tr	I	Jacey knows it and I know it .
tr	O	That had begun a month ago , and things still weren 't getting better .
tr	I	Sam 's guilt wouldn 't change anything , but he might be silently cursing them both for the time he 'd wasted .
tr	O	It looked like Uncle Kar was saying something , but Rema was too far away to hear what .
tr	I	I stayed behind , but the group followed Marcus .
tr	I	I 'm pretty sure he hadn 't blinked since I started talking and Harry 's eyes got even more narrow .
tr	I	He dropped her off , and she finished her coffee .
tr	O	She was okay , but she was also nervous about his reaction .
tr	O	He thought that he understood , but he wanted to make sure .
tr	O	I glanced around but no one was close enough to hear us .
tr	O	Her eyes were a deep , warm brown and she 'd painted her lashes thick with mascara .
tr	O	I knew how much she hated charity , but this way she could go to school .
tr	I	We would be fine and simple rules to follow .
tr	I	Hands Ryan the ball and Ian turns back .
tr	I	His words came slowly and he was winded .
tr	O	Night had already fallen and the fire burned low .
tr	I	I suddenly knew exactly what I had to do , and there was nothing I wouldn 't do to save him .
tr	O	Samantha rolled her eyes and flung her shirt to the floor .
tr	I	She sniffed the wind that came around the corner of the house and her head lifted higher .
tr	O	I 'd rather get myself there if I know where I 'm going and the driver doesn 't .
tr	I	He couldn 't find her , but she was the one he needed .
tr	I	I pushed it back , but panic filled me .
tr	O	I know I have a stupid grin on my face and I don 't care .
tr	O	I tried to call out to him , but the desperate need to draw air dissolved .
tr	I	No one had found Barker 's grave in eighteen years ... But they hadn 't had time to dig much of a hole .
tr	O	You told me to break the rules of song writing and now I write songs .
tr	O	He smiled , but for just a second she thought she saw disappointment in his eyes .
tr	I	He 's in his uncle 's law firm , but his father 's a rancher outside of San Jose .
tr	O	He had contemplated calling Mike earlier , but Chris 's power scared him .
tr	O	Lucas might be young , but he knows what he 's doing .
tr	I	The boat rose to the deck in seconds and the ropes went over a double pulley .
tr	O	When I stepped forward , I noticed that it wasn 't a place , but the garden she used to take care fourteen years ago .
tr	O	Raindrops began to drum on the tarpaulin above them and a strengthening wind sent flurries into their faces .
tr	O	He sticks out a hand to shake , and I take it .
tr	O	Maybe that was true , but I didn 't know how to let it go after holding on to it all so tightly for so long .
tr	I	I 'm going to and Mum promised I could go back to Sydney .
tr	I	I was shooting to kill , and once the familiar feel of that weapon was in my hand , all bets were off .
tr	O	Sometimes it was clear , and sometimes it was a featureless blur .
tr	O	Sleep definitely seemed a good idea , but Cale was waiting .
tr	I	My tongue dipped into her and I spread her open with my fingers .
tr	O	Anything more and she 'd break .
tr	O	It gave a howl , tried to hold on , and then suddenly he was free .
tr	O	A lot of girls are wary about backdoor entry , but if you do it right , they 'll come like they never have before .
tr	I	The entire community is forbidden from this place , but it wasn 't just myself that 's forbidden .
tr	I	Someone flipped me over , ripping back my hood , but my nails clawed at the ground .
tr	O	She 'd been striding past as a steward rushed out , and she 'd seen the general being suited in his armor .
tr	I	It seemed mean , but I wanted to talk to her about what had happened the night before .
tr	I	I slip my hands down from his shoulders to wrap around his stomach and the blood drains from my face at the mention of Eric .
tr	I	It was the first time we 'd shared a bed on a date , but it wasn 't the first time we 'd shared a bed .
tr	O	He 'd been beaten , but he wasn 't broken .
tr	I	I swear they are smirking , and the apparitions ' hollow eyes focus on me .
tr	O	There were two of them and they were around us in seconds .
tr	O	It was in Spanish but it might as well have been in Martian .
tr	O	It was spring , but a San Francisco spring could be chilly .
tr	I	That first one will always hold a special place in my heart , but over the last three years , I 've taught dozens of classes .
tr	O	I looked over and Ty , who literally had tears rolling down his face he was laughing so hard .
tr	O	The second level balcony was only a fourth of the mill , and he saw a third level thrice as small as the second .
tr	O	We 're trying to hurry , but we need to be thorough .
tr	I	She spoke of a plan to run away from Miles and my mother talked about how the government had murdered my father .
tr	I	The times that would be brought upon the winds and she had to think of the years ahead .
tr	I	He wondered how long a man could last as a servant with such a spirit , but Sam admired courage .
tr	O	I knew I was a lucky one and I didn 't realize it quite often enough .
tr	I	He grabbed her around the waist , pulling her against him once more for another passionate kiss but she started to roll off of him .
tr	O	His voice was kind and the girl responded honestly .
tr	O	He put his hand in hers , and she turned his way , her eyes fixed on his .
tr	O	My orgasm was stronger , longer , than any kind of pleasure I 'd ever experienced and he drew it out to the edge of the abyss .
tr	O	I jumped , spiraling through the air over their heads and then landed on my feet .
tr	O	He couldn 't possibly guess what the mark meant , but I wasn 't going to take the chance .
tr	I	Pappy drove even slower than usual , and the roads were muddy .
tr	I	I halted , and it gave me pause .
tr	I	She feared hurting him , but Andrea wanted to give Ronan a full hug .
tr	O	His face remained clouded , and he didn 't respond .
tr	O	You either have the power or you don 't , Snow .
tr	O	He watched my mouth as I cleaned his hand , and then pressed his forehead to mine with his eyes closed , groaning .
tr	I	Some of us will make it , but most of us will be hunted down .
tr	I	I giggled too , and then he chuckled .
tr	O	The essential thing you have to understand about a true killer is that killing is their nature , and you can 't change something 's nature .
tr	O	Thou didst wrest her from me at that accursed tourney , and my heart hath been dead within me since that day .
tr	O	Chris had been Jeremy 's best friend , but the two couldn 't have been more dissimilar .
tr	O	It was no use trying to talk to him , and she had little desire to hear his excuses anyway .
tr	O	The feeling was so ephemeral I could have imagined it , but the odd emptiness that replaced it lingered .
tr	O	He was right about all that , but at the end of his letter , he said that he wanted me to be happy again .
tr	I	I snuffed it out as best I could , but Hurt sliced my chest .
tr	I	He really didn 't want to , and he 'd have to plug her .
tr	I	For him to be mine ... and to marry this man ... to be his .
tr	I	I was unable to but I wanted to look away .
tr	I	She takes in a sharp breath , but the last one was a lie , as it was a prank from me .
tr	I	I only ever played to win , and well , losing wasn 't an option .
tr	I	The water in the sink began to bubble , and Beth flipped the switch to the garbage disposal .
tr	O	His hand clamped my shoulder , and I swung around , batting it away .
tr	O	He nodded and she continued .
tr	I	He didn 't seem to notice how uncomfortable he was making me but I tensed at the sudden contact .
tr	I	She patted his arm , and he glared at her .
tr	O	Kim helped me with the door , and then we walked together , our first class being in the same building .
tr	O	He opened his eyes , but he couldn 't see very well .
tr	O	She was prepared and Zoey wasn 't .
tr	I	Della saw it in his eyes , and Burnett 's expression stayed firm .
tr	I	His obnoxious personality should , but no , thought Annie .
tr	O	He 'd been so much older than she was and she 'd worshiped him .
tr	O	With a wave of his hand the King dismissed their concerns and the envoy was allowed to speak .
tr	I	We hadn 't had a chance to check yet , but no one seemed to be around .
tr	O	She probably wanted to do it for months , but you refused because she was a nice girl .
tr	I	Their eyes were made of lead , and they were hard , not too well kept .
tr	I	The fresh night air would be a glad change and she had begun to feel warm from the dancing .
tr	I	That concerned me , and she 'd given up writing out the recipes .
tr	O	I stiffen at his touch and I hear him sigh again .
tr	O	We reach the end and I should probably be nervous .
tr	O	It was only two days since I had left Norfolk , and I couldn 't imagine she had much more to say to me .
tr	I	This morning was the real kicker , but it 's felt like that since the day Robin showed up .
tr	I	It made sense , but Kira didn 't remember that .
tr	I	He was standing behind his father , and he 'd walked in from the kitchen .
tr	O	He forced her other hand open and the food she had fought so hard for , fell to the ground .
tr	O	This were the man who had wrenched my life off to the side , and I were curious .
tr	O	I was just going to let him hang , but Lizzie here has given me an even better plan .
tr	I	Carbonell doesn 't , but they want the pirates in jail .
tr	O	The actor had died many years before Daniel had even been born , but he knew that Lee was still regarded as a martial arts legend .
tr	O	I felt Eden 's blood spark alive with concern , and it set my own into a frenzy of boiling electricity .
tr	I	He added a dark loaf of pumpernickel bread to the items on the counter , and she nodded .
tr	I	It had drawn his eye instantly and it was a powerful looking beast .
tr	O	He takes a step toward the lobby , and just as he almost comes into view of the windows , I grab his hand .
tr	O	Jonathan stood looking at her and I could tell that he was trying to figure out if she was being sincere .
tr	O	The sea was a steel blue beneath a bright white sky , and the inevitable rain fell hard in silent sheets of sparkling silver .
tr	O	My eyes narrowed and something very close to anger simmered just beneath the surface .
tr	O	Her hand was trembling and she paused to clear her throat twice while she was dialing .
tr	O	She wrestled out of my hold , and before I could make sense of it , I was subject to hers .
tr	O	It was the first time they had been alone together - and Kaitlyn was so tired her eyelids felt like lead weights .
tr	O	Ben tried to shy away , but there was nowhere to go .
tr	O	They had humans with them , and those heartbeats sent Kira 's hunger into overdrive .
tr	I	Immediately my attitude changed , and then Amelia had called me a petulant child .
tr	I	Then goes back to the computer , lining her fingers up on the keyboard , and Lea rolls her eyes .
tr	O	Twenty is not too old , but it is getting up there .
tr	O	I have two men in my lockup looking scared to death , and their public defender 's not looking much better .
tr	O	Maybe it was selfish of me to keep it a secret from him , but I already knew how things went once someone knew .
tr	I	I knew I had to come get you and I saw you out there looking so confused .
tr	O	Rover tried to defend himself , but Andrei clapped his hands together .
tr	I	She went to help them rebuild , and we have a stronghold there that was attacked a few months ago .
tr	I	I want you to have what 's left and I won 't be needing anymore withdrawals from that account .
tr	I	It had rested here a long time , but the wreck might have been of some historical interest .
tr	I	They seemed well organized , but none wore green cloaks .
tr	O	His face was a swollen mess and he slept on one side with his knees slightly bent .
tr	I	I wasn 't the only one , and I almost choked on my champagne .
tr	I	Nothing happens , but I yank at it to open .
tr	I	Motion detection cameras were bound to be in the nearby trees and we agreed the fences were made of barbed wire with razor wire on top .
tr	I	She turned to her side , swiping at her face , to look up at him , but he laid her on the bed .
tr	I	I focused on him but it took everything I had .
tr	O	Jack pulled Max back a step , but the other man remained immobile as he watched them intently .
tr	I	I came across their passports and after they died I was helping to go through some of their things .
tr	I	The deer loomed over me and I crashed to the ground again .
tr	O	Another couple of seconds spent on the topic , and everyone would be crying , which wouldn 't help Colin get through this .
tr	O	Her eyes get huge , owl huge , and I realize my mistake .
tr	O	The greenness was a face , and the face was abnormal .
tr	O	In that instant , McKenzie was no longer looking at him , but he saw the tension in her shoulders .
tr	I	I wasn 't certain where I stood with her now , but I was going to say your boyfriend .
tr	I	She was going to come too soon , and it was too much , too quick .
tr	I	They were now trying to escape , and someone had fired arrows at them .
tr	O	His hair was long enough for a ponytail and his shoulders were broad enough for football gear .
tr	I	He hoped none of the pack started to see it that way , and it made him feel like a powerless figurehead .
tr	O	The only things that seemed aware of my presence were the birds and even they were growing quiet as the afternoon wore on .
tr	I	She 'd just invited him to her home , and now he was about to leave for what could easily be several months .
tr	I	He didn 't ask for it , but I suspected he 'd prefer beer .
tr	I	Her voice was morose and her smile was gone .
tr	I	They looked vaguely familiar , but he could not read the lettering on the boxes .
tr	I	He knew something was wrong and one look at her face .
tr	I	It all faded away when Haven looked at him , but he strolled in their direction , suddenly nervous again .
tr	I	I 'm not even sure how we manage to move between the two worlds and we can 't go zipping around all over the place .
tr	I	In reality , I was only serving them , but I thought I was serving my country .
tr	O	Olivia grew up right down the street from him and they had become almost inseparable since her birth .
tr	O	Stephen saw me and a huge smile splayed across his face .
tr	I	The wire circled tight around them , digging into my skin , but I kicked my legs .
tr	I	He confirmed what was wrong with me , and I did see him today .
tr	O	I sat at the bedside of my dear friend holding his hand , and I continued to hold it for quite some time after he 'd died .
tr	I	Everyone else involved , reporting the drug sale they had witnessed , and he needed to stop his wife .
tr	O	It was better than what she 'd expected , and the fact that he was willing to at least let her try improved her mood dramatically .
tr	O	I took Persephone from you , and you took Tuck from me .
tr	I	It had taken him a while to realize he could do a whole lot better than her and she must have bewitched him somehow .
tr	I	His head had been twisted from his body and his helmet was crushed .
tr	I	A nurse was left in the room to carry them out , and there were certain procedures that needed to be followed after a death .
tr	O	Mac 's place isn 't usually packed , but it 's busy in the evening .
tr	I	Andris bounced off it like a ping pong ball , but it cracked as though hit by a demolition ball .
tr	I	Some things have to be dealt with on your own , but of course I 'll always be there to help him in the tough times .
tr	I	He knew he couldn 't put Mitch off too much longer , but the place looked great .
tr	I	I wanted to touch him , and his hand palmed my cheek .
tr	O	He smiled , but Louie could tell it was strained .
tr	O	Midnight only lasted for an hour every day , but it was the only time Jonathan felt complete .
tr	O	Occasional groans could be heard but the general tone was a positive one .
tr	O	The trees changed to meadows and I stared at the few houses we passed , wondering if my family could be in one of them .
tr	I	Thomas kept me at my lessons but our party was packing this afternoon .
tr	I	He regretted speaking so forcefully , and she flinched at his harsh tones .
tr	O	He had nine lives , a gut of steel , and nothing seemed to be outside his area of expertise .
tr	O	He 's got a little bit of an accent , but I can 't place it .
tr	I	Eveline wasn 't going to risk a confrontation over it , and the woman hadn 't brought anything for Eveline to drink .
tr	I	Her shoulders shook , but she didn 't speak .
tr	I	His shoulders slumped , as if a heavy weight had just been yoked across them , and my lover sighed .
tr	I	I smell some kind of citrusy cleaner and it 's much quieter now .
tr	I	He held up one hand , indicating she had five minutes left and his expression was still dark .
tr	O	Everyone has a different way to hunt , and our society has its own way as well .
tr	I	My balance wavered and my ears rang .
tr	I	The wicked smile still turned his mouth up and his eyes remained amused .
tr	O	He thrust straight to the hilt , and I melted around him .
tr	I	It 's adding to my already shitty mood , and we can 't figure out why she 's giving us so much trouble .
tr	I	I giggled as I finished cooking the eggs , and Bastian winked at me .
tr	O	This will probably be hard to understand , but everything happens all at once .
tr	O	I tried to make elementary coursework somewhat stimulating during class , and Jude made the five minutes walking between class over stimulating .
tr	I	He felt free , but when he opened them , he was not any less sad .
tr	I	The clock was running , and I had twenty-one days to find a job .
tr	I	I lost track of sides and the war went extra crazy for a bit .
tr	O	It was all behind her now , and it wasn 't as if she needed advice .
tr	O	The girl 's face is unclear , but I had always assumed it was me , because I can feel what she is experiencing .
tr	O	My gaze darted to Zayne , but he looked away .
tr	I	Rashid had had other ideas , but she might have been emotionally invested in their short relationship .
tr	O	She 'll have a heavy hangover tomorrow , but her job isn 't exactly brain surgery .
tr	O	They negotiated the ruins as best they could , but the anonymous industrial corridors appeared identical in the near dark .
tr	O	He 's not wearing anything above his waist , and there 's a tiny dot of red showing through the bandage across his shoulder .
tr	I	The red of his eyes tore through Ash . , and he held out a beckoning hand .
tr	O	The emotions were complex , but the answer was simple .
tr	I	He 'd ripped her off , to boot , and the guy had become an even bigger jerk .
tr	O	The dirt floors were no different than those in Alexandria except that they were beaten harder and there wasn 't so much dust .
tr	I	I did , but I don 't know what possessed me to touch his face .
tr	I	Only to find out if he knew anything more about Mark 's true identity , but she called Detective Kang .
tr	O	Her face was darker and the moonstone now on the floor between us was dimmer , like the shadows were closing in around us .
tr	O	I 've only made one change ... and let 's just say it didn 't go exceedingly well .
tr	I	His chest was too tight with terror but Jake wanted to scream .
tr	O	She drops down in the seat and I realize just how bad of an idea this is as her ass presses against my cock .
tr	I	My eyes flutter open and turning to kiss him , someone calls to me .
tr	I	It clattered over the floor and she lost hold of it with the force of her swing .
tr	I	It was like the whole club 's air was being sucked out , but it felt like a shift .
tr	O	Starsky was the first to step forward and with both hands , easily pushed the carved circle into the wall .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to let him , but Terese knew he wanted to control her , that he wanted to dominate .
tr	O	I fucked up , and I thought the life my friends had was the life I wanted for myself .
tr	I	It smelled like him , but it swallowed me .
tr	O	For once she had no quick comeback for Tanner , and she didn 't like the uneven footing .
tr	O	I hum , and I work .
tr	I	He must have noticed my frazzled expression , and his gaze lifted as I moved closer .
tr	I	I created a type of void and I launched myself into the air spinning as I ascended .
tr	I	This time Matt was ready , but I did the same serve .
tr	O	The vote happens in one day , and we need to make certain the right man is made king .
tr	O	I let my eyes fall closed and the rhythmic sound of the waves pull me toward sleep .
tr	I	I really love you but sometimes I make mistakes .
tr	O	He 'd been shot , or he 'd shot himself .
tr	I	At the same time it began to broaden , and it grew steadily louder as the dream darkened .
tr	O	It was a little stiff , but then , she was a queen .
tr	I	A million stars dotted the black skyline , and Night was slowly falling .
tr	O	She could apply several adjectives to the way she was feeling right now , but bored didn 't even make it to the bottom of the list .
tr	I	His bad vision kept him on the ground but he always wanted to fly jets .
tr	O	He motioned for her to sit , and he followed as well .
tr	I	A closer look at Sonya stopped me , but I started to say no once more .
tr	O	It was certainly an improvement and he wished his new legs were ready so that he could join them .
tr	O	She was also alarmingly valiant , and he didn 't know if his nerves could stand the stress .
tr	O	As they approached , it opened , and they passed through into a long chamber .
tr	O	The sound of prayer beads clicking filled the air as everyone put theirs away , and that included all of us .
tr	I	He 's a smart one , but he 's a guy .
tr	O	I strode across the boundary and the rest of the spiders followed me , intoxicated by my magic .
tr	O	Mason gives her the play by play on how his day is going and I know that Cooper is basically doing the same thing .
tr	I	I can 't explain how I know , and it was real .
tr	I	They moved as if in rank , and the ships flew in close formation , their sides parallel .
tr	O	I had already jumped in to get warm , and Charles was right behind .
tr	I	He understood what it represented , but it was an awful compromise .
tr	O	The enemy finally understood , but it was too late .
tr	O	She had been eager to cross , but once she was on the bridge she was filled with terror .
tr	O	Julia opened her mouth to say something , but what it was she couldn 't remember .
tr	I	I work through it , but it makes me antsy .
tr	I	The black shadow has me mesmerized but Zeke is still coming towards me .
tr	I	I have seen Des fight , but maybe I have .
tr	O	I 'm well aware of it , and I don 't care .
tr	O	I wasn 't avoiding him , but I was giving him space .
tr	I	I take it in mine before she can accost the employee , and I can see her hand reaching toward it .
tr	I	He drew her blood into his mouth but she whimpered when she lost his hand .
tr	O	Tom digested all of this , and it triggered a need to respond .
tr	I	His square shoulders filled out his clean cotton shirt , and Chuck stood as tall as Violet .
tr	O	The larger room already had a fire burning and the shades were drawn .
tr	I	Kate didn 't seem to notice , but Lucas winced when she said blood .
tr	I	I realized I 'd missed my own name and Mr. Ferguson sounded impatient .
tr	O	Jax may be taken , but I never have been .
tr	O	I heard the anger in her voice , but I felt strangely detached from the trauma .
tr	I	We 're trying to go backward now , and it feels like we 're already there .
tr	O	I hear his moan , and it only makes me wetter .
tr	I	His face is severely bruised , and he has a mild concussion .
tr	O	I don 't say anything else , but I don 't need to .
tr	O	Sam tried to relax but his nerves were shot .
tr	I	There is no doubt within me on what her answer would have been but I think hard about it .
tr	I	That made me increase my pace and he groaned .
tr	I	We 'd be fine and I could choose to never work another day in my life .
tr	O	We 're on our way to a party and here we are moping like a couple of bitter old ladies .
tr	O	The sun had started going down as the day had worn on and the stagecoach had never come from behind me .
tr	O	His strength hadn 't recovered though , and he struggled to pull himself up .
tr	I	Had nailed the spot just between those eyes , and enjoying the fact that I 'd imagined green eyes peering out through the logo .
tr	O	She rang everyone whose number I had stored in my phone , and she did this armed only with snippets of information .
tr	O	It had been a shame to ruin a good pair of boots , but at least I 'd gotten an ugly hat out of the deal .
tr	O	She was introduced to the men but no mention was made to the other men that she was my mother .
tr	I	She had an elegance about her that gave her an ageless look , but like me she was young when she was turned into a vampire .
tr	O	His strength wasn 't initially obvious , and many thought he 'd be easy prey .
tr	O	That question was directed at me , and I think I said something in the affirmative .
tr	I	Neil had managed it without one conversation ... and it was exactly the kind of ring she would have chosen .
tr	I	Before I could say anything , Gear was throwing a blob of water at Jared 's head , but I blushed again .
tr	I	I had to pace myself , but I could have drunk the whole lot in one go .
tr	I	He always prevented me , but I tried to tell your father , several times .
tr	O	Stepping from the relative warmth of the room shocked him at first and it took Ben a few minutes to get used to it .
tr	O	Your friend , Vanessa Kendra blew out the candle , and the luminous words vanished .
tr	O	Her balance was almost lost and she uttered a terrified scream .
tr	O	My chest pushes tight against his , and I bite back a gasp .
tr	O	He tasted her on his tongue , and he wanted more .
tr	O	Marianna had a temper , no question , but she also usually had a forgiving heart .
tr	I	She wished him the best , as long as it wasn 't with her and he deserved to be happy .
tr	O	Cara didn 't mind watching , but it wasn 't her thing .
tr	O	That is all in our past and we need to leave it there .
tr	O	They both gave me more space , but neither of them looked my way .
tr	O	He hooked me with those eyes and I had to stretch my anger , remind myself that I wasn 't sure about him yet .
tr	I	They all fell asleep and eventually the shepherd quieted .
tr	I	I balled my fists , and primal blood beat through my body .
tr	I	I don 't blame you for your choice , and I know you 'll be leaving for China .
tr	O	She brought us back to you and we carried you on a litter .
tr	I	It 's to do with your , er , friend , Miss Case , but he said harshly : ' You needn 't answer .
tr	O	Daniel reached out his hand and Katherine took it .
tr	I	She let us go , and finally the heat faded .
tr	I	If you get answers it could be worthwhile , but I know it would be deeply painful .
tr	O	Russell 's parents haven 't seen him lately , but they 're not overly concerned about it .
tr	I	My body felt paralyzed , but I wanted to move .
tr	O	The woman leaves quickly and the teenagers laugh .
tr	I	He seems like he knows what he 's doing but I start to inform him the club is closed .
tr	O	Unfortunately it was reciprocated , and she ended up pregnant .
tr	O	It 'd be delicious , but Claire already knew that she wouldn 't care .
tr	I	She tried not to squirm , and his gaze never left her .
tr	I	I can 't say that I mind But G > .
tr	O	My brother hath the Orb in his possession , and with its power can he do great mischief .
tr	I	A small snort escaped anyway , but Paul 's mouth twitched .
tr	O	Cassie 's eyes widened , and then she glanced over at Vaughn .
tr	O	I pause , listening carefully , but all I hear is silence .
tr	O	I hand him the wine opener , and he gets to work opening the bottle .
tr	I	My legs didn 't , but I wanted to walk .
tr	I	I didn 't have to , but everyone turned to see .
tr	I	A high-pitched ringing sound was growing louder in my ears and the ground was spinning .
tr	O	He despised humiliation in any form , but in this instance he deserved it .
tr	O	I had no idea how we were going to figure this out , but women had been having babies since the beginning of time without doctors .
tr	O	He 'd been with me since I was very young , and I knew he was loyal to a fault .
tr	I	They are preparing themselves for it and they know the pain is coming .
tr	O	No one had time for that sort of bull now , and to be frankly honest , neither did she .
tr	I	He didn 't care , but he was spiraling out of control .
tr	I	Our friendship didn 't survive their relationship , but he would say hi .
tr	I	Then I took her hand , and I closed my eyes for a second .
tr	O	I 'm not saying this as disrespect to your character , but it 's something I 've noticed .
tr	O	Its wings brush my hair , but I keep going .
tr	O	She 's three months pregnant now , but her tunic hides her rounding belly .
tr	O	Might have suspected before then , but suddenly it all came together .
tr	O	A sound escaped my lips that was almost a cry , but it was not a sound that I ever wanted to hear from my own mouth .
tr	O	He 'd said he wanted this , but he was still looking down at her .
tr	I	She smiled , and he grunted .
tr	O	Fresh passengers entered and tired commuters exited .
tr	O	She would show me one , and I 'd shake my head .
tr	I	Using a foot long pair of tongs turned the ribs and Gene opened the lid .
tr	O	I know we 've only spent this last , what , twelve hours together , but I feel like we 've been together forever .
tr	O	It was just one of those fleeting thoughts , but my feet refused to take me anywhere else .
tr	O	I took up position , balancing my weight on my good leg , and when they were close enough I threw the grenade into their midst .
tr	O	He wanted to give Grace more time to rest , and he put her to bed to ensure she did just that .
tr	O	I stiffened when I saw who was behind the reception desk , but Bianca was already heading back to me , key in hand .
tr	O	Then she grinned , and Kyle knew the road-trip would be more fun than he initially thought .
tr	I	I find myself jealous of his long , titanium legs and a roundhouse kick to the face knocks him out cold .
tr	O	My fingers opened and my hands fell away from the ones I held .
tr	I	He could tell that she meant it , and take me , she sent .
tr	O	I ran from home eleven years ago but I couldn 't leave everything behind .
tr	I	It did little good , but she struggled to hide them .
tr	O	She doesn 't regret going through them , but she understands how overzealous it might look .
tr	I	Cricket was on top of him before he could even touch the pistol grip , but his companion made a dive for the weapon .
tr	I	Maybe it was the microorganisms in my tea , or I feel a little queasy from the homebrew .
tr	O	That scared the old man , but he tried to hold up .
tr	O	He swiped his hand , and the computer recognized his identity .
tr	O	He wanted to get as close as possible before the men noticed him , but he did not want to frighten them .
tr	O	Her head came up , and she stared around without moving .
tr	I	The mask she wore slipped away , and a far-off look came to her eyes .
tr	I	They were all many days old , but the smells of people were here , of course .
tr	O	I 'll invite everyone on my Facebook friend list and you do the same .
tr	O	He wasn 't spending hours alone in internal deliberations and I wasn 't being argumentative any more .
tr	I	I 'll be thinking about it all night , or I need to get my mind off it .
tr	I	It so happens that one other person has a motive , and we have to look somewhere else .
tr	O	Great shadows were cast on the walls , and I watched , almost in awe , as forks were sent rocketing to the ground .
tr	I	Their minds automatically turned to the answer , and Ogg had asked the question .
tr	O	I guessed that prisoners would be the word for them , but I wasn 't quite ready to accept my incarceration yet .
tr	I	We stood up together , turning toward the grave , and I shook my head .
tr	I	The lack of oxygen did , but the knife didn 't scare her .
tr	O	She felt like they 'd been talking about Jane for a long time , but she couldn 't be sure .
tr	O	I recognize Realm 's voice , and I immediately touch my lips , scared he 's in trouble .
tr	I	I 'm stepping in and you 're stepping out .
tr	O	Her face was like molten glass , and then something immense swelled up from beneath without actually breaking the surface .
tr	I	He didn 't even apparently realize it , and she smiled , having goaded him into a discourse with his conscience .
tr	O	It might not reflect on your scorecard , but it should .
tr	I	It was hard to imagine , but maybe someday I 'd be that coordinated .
tr	O	Now He looked startled , but he obeyed .
tr	I	She growled in annoyance and he raised one dark silver brow in question .
tr	O	Hands curled around the back of my chair , and Garrick 's body leaned in close to mine .
tr	I	My nose burned and I felt groggy .
tr	O	It just didn 't make sense , and he was too tired to fight .
tr	O	Forster might be back , and the knowledge that he could be put in his power frightened him badly .
tr	O	Then he dumps them onto the bed , and we start to count .
tr	O	I didn 't think Garrick really wanted to hear this , but he was going to get what he asked for .
tr	I	She categorically refuses , but I would like to run more tests .
tr	O	I want it so badly for him , but he 'll never know it .
tr	O	The air smells like sawdust and my hands feel like sandpaper .
tr	O	There was only one hiccup in the first week and that was close to the end of it .
tr	O	He couldn 't deal with it any longer , but he couldn 't escape from it , either .
tr	O	I 'd take the train in on weekends to visit him , and we 'd do all those things young couples do in New York .
tr	I	That was enough and they were together .
tr	I	My throat clogged with emotion , and tears jumped to my eyes .
tr	O	The way that he 's claiming me makes me feel claustrophobic , and I put my hand to my ribs , gasping for breath .
tr	I	It 's plenty cozy , but it might be rustic .
tr	I	He felt his fingers curl into fists and Rafe 's jaw clenched .
tr	I	There variegated by shining spots and he was surrounded by blackness once again , only here .
tr	I	I wasn 't fast enough to head off his reply , yet I hurried to finish my meal .
tr	O	The glow from the gems began to dim , and before long , the room went back to darkness .
tr	I	They might hear , but they can 't see you .
tr	O	My impromptu action surprises her , but she firmly squeezes back .
tr	I	Then , she was simply there , and she saw it in her mind .
tr	I	They were there , but maybe I couldn 't control my powers .
tr	O	I 'm staying with Gemma , but I can 't expect to stay there forever .
tr	I	That was part of what made it fun to go there , but the owners always gave them a strange look when they entered .
tr	I	Anything even remotely hateful , or he doesn 't sneer .
tr	O	It was almost time for Dr. Karson to get off and he still hadn 't met anyone remotely like that today .
tr	O	It was fresh from the look of it , the flesh more pink than green , but the carrion crows had already gone to work on it .
tr	O	I grinned at him and we shared a secret smile .
tr	I	They 'll be severe , and reforms will take place .
tr	I	It was beginning to growl and Saliva dripped from its mouth .
tr	O	His driver was waiting and the jet was ready .
tr	O	He jumped from the back of the bus , and I opened my arms , catching him .
tr	I	I will try to address the issue and she will get in touch with me .
tr	O	We saw you on the Mercury News , and they said were in Moab .
tr	I	Within just a few moments everyone inside was outside , and voices were raised in alarm from inside the cave .
tr	O	I watched Larry watch Jenny , and I knew she was trying to get a handle on the teenager .
tr	O	Get used to it , or it 'll drive you crazy .
tr	I	That didn 't mean we had to be rude , but I wanted to find Casey .
tr	O	He looked uncomfortable taking a boy away from his father and more than once he had tried to get Sam involved in the sailing aspect with them .
tr	O	Jenny read a little further and her fingers tightened on the leather cover of the book .
tr	I	He let us know as he walked us to the Forester that he 'd be watching us , but the sheriff complied grudgingly .
tr	I	She was desperate , but she knew this was a dangerous deal .
tr	O	You look so much like her , but your father is there , too .
tr	I	He had left me one hundred dollars and it was like a ten dollar meal .
tr	O	A muffled cry reached her through the silence , but she was focused on moving her previously paralyzed limbs .
tr	I	We both knew it , and Erich was a class-A jerk .
tr	I	It hurt my face but I tried to smile .
tr	O	It felt too good , and that was bad .
tr	O	He put it in place , and the circle began to hum .
tr	O	He had put Flight 29 into a circling pattern and the rip was on the verge of disappearing again .
tr	I	It let its lips fall over its teeth , and Varg 's stance changed to something more relaxed .
tr	O	A shiver of anticipation raced down my spine and I allowed myself time for a smile before jumping up from my desk .
tr	O	I know because I saw you but I never told anybody about that .
tr	I	Then she fell over laughing , and Julienne 's mouth hung open for a moment .
tr	I	He relaxes before pulling out of me and the tension rolls out of his back .
tr	I	There was a crease between her brows and she had a frown on her face .
tr	I	Now he meant to have an interesting night and he had had a long , restful day .
tr	I	This time her skin tingled as his warm breath washed over her , but suddenly , he grimaced again , pushing his face into her neck .
tr	O	The scars on his bicep are white , but they 've got a weird crisscrossing pattern .
tr	I	He thought it best to remain silent for the moment , but he could see where this line of conversation was going .
tr	O	I wanted , needed , to yell at something , and she was suddenly just so easy to yell at .
tr	O	He 'd been the one to push her , but it was easier to say the words than to sit there in silence while he watched her .
tr	I	They glared back , and she glanced at her hosts again .
tr	I	I couldn 't translate what she was trying to tell me , but a few of the words I recognized from her earlier speech .
tr	I	I can 't say that I blame you and you may never trust me again .
tr	O	James told him which turns to take , and despite looking annoyed at being given directions by a tourist , he didn 't argue .
tr	I	I collapsed to the ground silently and my knees buckled .
tr	O	She put some rouge on her lips and she was all set .
tr	I	She continued and Hunter looked bemused .
tr	I	Let fly , and he keyed in Laura J. Dennys .
tr	O	The world seemed to have slowed down , and seconds were now as long as minutes .
tr	O	Give him a few drinks and the man never shut up .
tr	I	This was huge , but she didn 't particularly like keeping things from her friend to begin with .
tr	O	He still had his key and he let himself in .
tr	I	He 'd already blown it with her , and he really liked this girl , even though he 'd just met her .
tr	O	He wraps his arms around me and we sit still for a while .
tr	O	The line moved forward , and Joe moved with it .
tr	O	I tried to concentrate on what I was doing , but all I could think of was Izzy .
tr	O	I haven 't thought about food all day , but the last thing I had was breakfast .
tr	I	She was convincing in her declarations of innocence but I didn 't like Sophia much .
tr	O	Her mind desperately searched for a way out of this , but the power of the priestess over these males was absolute .
tr	I	I didn 't look back , but the anger in his voice caused me to jump .
tr	O	There was dust everywhere , and scraps of cardboard littered the floor .
tr	O	Jed was glad to hear his plan had worked , but he took the death threat serious .
tr	O	I took a wet cloth and I cleaned up my face .
tr	O	He held me tight and I had a sick feeling in my stomach that he knew it might be the last time he held me .
tr	I	He started to rise with me , and I sat up on the bed .
tr	O	My voice rose , and then I noticed his hands were full of grease .
tr	I	I tensed , hoping nothing had gone wrong and her tone was odd .
tr	I	There were already lights on down there , but I didn 't see any light switches .
tr	I	Still not a single night had gone by without me dreaming of having her back and it had been more than a year 's time .
tr	O	He didn 't know if what he 'd done was okay with me , and I found myself so attracted to him for being so considerate .
tr	I	She wouldn 't be dragged halfway round the world at the whim of her mother , and he had his little girl .
tr	O	The beast slowly pressed down on them , and she could make out a second 's eyes peeking out just behind it .
tr	O	It would be difficult but a group of mice can always come up with a way to get a task completed .
tr	I	The knife was wrenched out of her hand , and suddenly an arm was around Elena 's throat .
tr	O	She had known all along , but she had never expressed her opinion .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but if only I could dismiss her as easily as I 'd always been able to dismiss the rest of the world .
tr	I	We all needed to save our energy and he looked like he hadn 't slept all night .
tr	O	Mysterious situations were certainly nothing new to Zack and me ; so this was just another day .
tr	O	His arms were cold and his hair blew gently .
tr	I	I think I would 've given a better reply when he asked me , or I hadn 't realized we were having a serious conversation .
tr	O	She could be lying , but I didn 't care .
tr	I	Cameron knew there was a risk that she told the truth , and Elizabeth had claimed repeatedly that the child wasn 't Cameron 's .
tr	O	Next he ripped the cotton of Annabelle 's top , causing it to gape open and her to inhale sharply .
tr	I	He stood his ground , refusing to budge , but Lux took his brother 's arm .
tr	I	The touch made her shiver , and Staffan reached for her hand .
tr	O	She was different from all the others , but I still somehow took that for granted .
tr	I	I struggled to my feet and he slid forward on his seat .
tr	O	It was a lame attempt at humor , but he obliged me with a little laugh .
tr	I	Now I need to start all over again with someone else , and I didn 't get anywhere with Wilson .
tr	O	Shadows outlined his hard muscles , and as he leaned down to kiss her , she could feel his restraint .
tr	O	Steve forced himself to be content with that , and in many ways it was enough .
tr	I	He 's pulling the covers over me and in seconds Trent has me laying on my bed .
tr	I	Within a minute he had freed them from their bonds and he reached inside .
tr	O	Come around five and we 'll talk .
tr	I	After two years , he started to just not care anymore , but he started with hitting me in places that nobody could see .
tr	I	There was no reaction , but the referee waved his hand in front of Valeria 's face .
tr	O	I 'm working out well with Boeing and they seem to appreciate my obvious talents .
tr	I	His breath hissed between his tightly clenched fangs , and the Troll 's eyes were fixed on Flute .
tr	O	Gramps would expect more of me , bailing the way I did again , and I don 't want to let him down .
tr	I	I had to do it , for my sake , for hers as well but I was so sorry .
tr	O	I can 't , and you shouldn 't expect me to .
tr	I	She found herself hanging by an ankle and the safety tether held .
tr	O	I thought teleportation would be best , but I supposed that wasn 't an ability anyone in the present company had .
tr	O	I know this request sounds odd , but if you have any love for me , then please do your best to carry it out .
tr	O	Then something had happened in this house to make her run away , and she had not been heard of again for over a year .
tr	O	He deflected the attack but he really looked exhausted .
tr	O	Her silence was eerie , but Padilla was a sick bastard .
tr	O	The room fell silent and all turned to look at their leader .
tr	I	A hard , cold object pressed between her shoulder blades , but Emma tried to wrench away .
tr	O	He shook hands with Arthur but he could feel cold waves of anger coming from the others .
tr	O	The hallway to her room was empty , and she finally let herself relax .
tr	O	He curses under his breath and I smile to myself , knowing that if nothing else , Bryant 's going to chew her out for doing so .
tr	O	We split up , and I walked a little apprehensively towards the tattoo parlor .
tr	I	Warm air spilled out , and the door creaked open an inch .
tr	I	It didn 't , but she expected the snow to feel cold .
tr	O	Oh , Charlene , it 's so hard to explain , but this part you 'll understand .
tr	O	She hadn 't looked when the housekeeper first came into the room , but now she could see the older woman had been crying .
tr	I	He stopped moving and Kylie spoke gently to the skunk .
tr	I	After a minute of groping she had it taut in her hands , and it was the ladder .
tr	I	I need to be there , and Avery wants to run some tests .
tr	I	I took another quick glance around and there was a bit of nervous laughter .
tr	I	This is how it has to be , but I wanted to see you , to be with you .
tr	I	I felt him like a blaze all along my back , and he were warmer than sitting next to a hot fire .
tr	I	When I did , I gulped in the air like a starving man , and I pushed my arms upward , hoping to break the surface .
tr	I	I run for the door , and I give her a quick smile , wink at Rusty , who is just looking on with a satisfied grin .
tr	I	For some reason , I couldn 't escape a nagging sense of dread , but everything about her was exquisitely peaceful .
tr	O	Sunset was in an hour and people are starting to leave .
tr	I	Her scattered mind was unable to focus on the task at hand , but she was on her second cup of coffee .
tr	O	Bronwyn had called me brother , but that didn 't sound right anymore .
tr	O	She tried to open the faulty umbrella , but it wouldn 't latch to stay open .
tr	O	I looked up and to my astonishment , the victim was Edmond .
tr	O	I had to force my weary mind to work through the fog of exhaustion and finally I had it .
tr	I	That 's what made them cool , but you knew they weren 't totally legit .
tr	O	He didn 't fall surprisingly , but my leg was ricocheted back with twice the speed .
tr	O	She began to speak , but her throat closed up .
tr	O	Maybe I sounded righteous , but I was in real pain here .
tr	O	The man was a buffoon , and Dan was desperate for a laugh of any kind .
tr	O	He didn 't say the words , but they rocked him to his core .
tr	I	Above us the tin roof sang under the torrents , and a mist swirled around the porch like a fog .
tr	O	Kaitlyn could feel his pain and Lewis 's fighting each other , building exponentially , magnifying her own distress .
tr	O	He finally came back to the phone and I can feel him wince on his phone .
tr	O	My limbs feel heavy and my head feels odd .
tr	I	Her carefree smile faded away , and Allison looked across at Lauren .
tr	I	I was born in California , and my parents were American .
tr	I	The wind had picked up and it was almost dark now .
tr	I	Mackie had little of that to spare , and the problem was keeping a steady supply of ammunition .
tr	I	Our response was pleasant , if not friendly , and at first he seemed harmless .
tr	I	I don 't think so , but I suppose that could change when I fully cross over .
tr	I	I was scared and the wind grew faster around me .
tr	O	A hush fell across the room , and Jon instinctively turned to look toward the main entrance .
tr	I	The calm from this afternoon was gone from her face , but she didn 't look like she had been drinking .
tr	O	My automatic answer would have been no , but Connie is the only one I can trust .
tr	O	He lit up even more and I loved it .
tr	O	I 'll tell you the story and you 'll understand how I loved your mother .
tr	O	Dizziness nearly overwhelmed him , but he fought it back .
tr	O	He moved the patient slightly and Alex groaned .
tr	O	Our struggles had made us stronger , and even though we 'd been rocky from the start , our new start had only brought us satisfaction .
tr	O	She sunk her teeth into a nipple and he growled , throwing his head back .
tr	I	I 'm left alone and the door closes once again behind him .
tr	O	I remember wishing Taryn wasn 't McKee 's girlfriend , and now I was wishing she had been .
tr	I	The temperatures usually didn 't get this cold until January , but so far , I hadn 't needed to turn the heater on this year .
tr	I	They take off into the night , and Hattie plucks her away .
tr	I	She dreaded the thought of standing , and Devon was all sorts of dizzy .
tr	O	Our minds are always on the undead , but not all crimes are committed by vampires .
tr	O	Perry Como crowed in the background , and lasagna cooked in the oven .
tr	I	It wasn 't that sharp , but it was a very sharp knife .
tr	O	Brianna heard the words , but she couldn 't quite absorb their meaning .
tr	I	Matt caught Elena 's arm as she headed after them , but Meredith fol owed him down the stairs .
tr	I	The rest of the bodies were not far behind and within an instant the little girl was almost on him .
tr	O	There were a multitude of scratches , and I could see bruises starting to form .
tr	O	The door slides closed and I 'm left staring at it .
tr	O	Tony put his hands on my shoulders and I jumped , almost dropping my spoon .
tr	O	I turned , smiling , and caught Logan coming back into the room .
tr	O	At first he used a belt , but it wasn 't long before he was using his fists .
tr	O	Smoke was rising from the chimney , and the house was decked out in all different colors .
tr	O	She tried to lock eyes with the driver , but he was looking straight ahead .
tr	I	You were so out of it , but we tried to wake you earlier .
tr	I	What did a woman say to a guy who had just given her the best sex of her life , but Bride wanted to ?
tr	O	A soft knock cut through the room , and I pulled myself back into the present .
tr	O	She nodded and I knew the problem .
tr	I	We clasped arms in solidarity , and he turned at the sound .
tr	I	Wasn 't sure , but I thought it may be French .
tr	I	The dead would follow him out into the open , and there were too many secrets waiting to be exposed .
tr	I	I couldn 't move and I was linked up to a variety of monitors .
tr	O	To be fair , the lack of drink was technically the fault of the housekeeper , but every lady knew that the servant reflected the mistress .
tr	O	MaryAnn tensed as a long , bony finger pointed at her and the creature crooked his fingers , beckoning her .
tr	O	He took me by the shoulder and we disappeared from the frozen landscape .
tr	O	I was not really hurt − but I was angry , very angry .
tr	O	I think we have to be careful about knitting a pattern of circumstantial evidence , but we have to responsibly explore leads .
tr	O	Her baby had been found and she felt greatly relieved for that .
tr	O	She stared helplessly for a moment , as if she had no good answer , and then I fell to the ground as my legs collapsed .
tr	I	I think she 's right , and she said you 're shaking in your shoes at the idea .
tr	O	A few voices continue to talk to us but I don 't have the energy to answer .
tr	I	I 'm not sure I understand the depth of it yet , and I don 't know how to explain it .
tr	I	He plies his trade while at full awareness and the feeling is extraordinary .
tr	I	She pulled out of his arms , shaking her head in response to his kiss but her body was shivering in reaction .
tr	O	His wife was not very bright , but she was pretty .
tr	I	At the same time he was impressed with Fletcher 's competence , but Norman didn 't like hearing any of this .
tr	I	It assaulted her like a million buzzing flies swarming around her head and my mother took in everything .
tr	O	Orange , flickering light appeared and she could see two silhouetted shapes standing in the doorway .
tr	I	He walked home , taking comfort in the shadows , and he picked up his bag of schoolbooks .
tr	I	The referee started to explain the rules , and the boxers did as asked .
tr	O	I suppose it could be but it seems highly unlikely .
tr	I	They held it together and the sword pulled free of its scabbard .
tr	O	The wolf is still sitting , but at least he appears interested .
tr	O	He opened a box in front of Nomi and there was a shiny golden egg in it .
tr	O	He reached out to touch her , but she turned away .
tr	I	My mind could not hold it all , but they were all these beings at once .
tr	O	For starters I had no idea how to play and then , of course , I worked here .
tr	I	I nod and he asks .
tr	O	She hesitated to say anything , but it spilled out .
tr	I	Few would have dared to attack a party of travellers , but the greatest danger came from fierce predators that lived in the mountains .
tr	O	At first , Lea didn 't notice the clothes that Julie had , but when she took a second look , Lea liked what she saw .
tr	O	He had shrugged out of his Daewoo earlier , and now eyeballed the gun , hammering on the steel rods .
tr	I	Just then they both heard the front door open , but she would have said as much to Bessie .
tr	O	He has his faults , but once he gets down to business , he 's as inexorable as the tides .
tr	O	Sawyer 's mom looked at her , concerned , but her father looked at me , pleased .
tr	O	A religious person might pray for Alec to get here soon , but that wasn 't an option for Eve .
tr	O	I went to see him and he pretended he had no idea who I was .
tr	I	I was taller , but he was a big guy .
tr	I	He 's an innocent idealist , but he 's a good man .
tr	O	Gary had never been particularly interested in babies , but he happened to get along well with kids .
tr	O	The husband would have said more , but his wife hastily dragged him away .
tr	O	Hoping she might speak and even let me answer .
tr	O	I start to leave , to turn away , but she clings to my elbow .
tr	I	My mother wriggled in excitement and a film began to roll .
tr	O	His face tightened and he clenched his fists on his lap .
tr	O	She could feel the calluses his sword had worn into his skin and they were oddly comforting to her .
tr	O	He sucked a little harder and suddenly she went pliant in his arms .
tr	O	I love her , Kate , and I 've never loved you .
tr	O	The authors had traveled up the river multiple times , but they both seemed to be blind .
tr	I	Good-bye was too much to ask for in one conversation and apparently saying hello .
tr	I	There was a low urgency in his voice , and Sebastian said .
tr	I	I shook it and he offered his hand .
tr	O	The head is pointing down , and everything feels proper .
tr	O	Every time you feel that hate , think of me , and I 'll give you love .
tr	O	Danni tried to be inconspicuous as she gathered her things , but the teacher noticed the disturbance .
tr	O	The movie credits are scrolling up the screen and I watch them for a minute , before I realize she 's crying .
tr	I	Her cheeks were flushed and her lips were swollen .
tr	O	He may be an investor , but she had the primary investment .
tr	I	I let out a scream of agonizing horror , wheeling in nausea and the pain was indescribable .
tr	I	They weren 't being very discreet , and there was definitely someone else there .
tr	I	He bonked daddy right between the eyes with it and the little sucker had momma 's wooden mixing spoon .
tr	O	I 'm upset , and when I 'm upset , I have a tendency to retreat ... like a turtle pulling his head back into his shell .
tr	O	As Chase had dreaded , the door creaked and the two guards who were guarding the bells instantly looked to Chase 's direction .
tr	O	A clerk among petals wasn 't a dream job by any stretch , but maybe this was where she was supposed to be .
tr	O	His first words startled her , like a touch from the dark , but the distant bathroom light showed he hadn 't moved .
tr	O	Some of the gashes on his back opened wider , but he didn 't seem to notice .
tr	O	A smile touched her lips and her features softened .
tr	O	There was a haze in the ship , and a faintly oily feel to the air .
tr	I	My little field trip was over , and without another word he strode back to the cage .
tr	I	His father is rich enough to hire the very best plastic surgeons , but it looks better than it had before I broke it .
tr	I	Slade circled his prey for the kill shot , and her muscles tightened .
tr	O	The ball came their way again , perfectly thrown , but a bad decision on their quarterback 's part .
tr	I	A transformation occurred in the alien and Mac said the words out loud .
tr	I	Jamie prayed that wasn 't the case , but of course , it could all be for show .
tr	I	He carried a powerful odor with him and the pig had recently been to the wallow .
tr	O	Tears stung at my eyes , and I had to remind myself to breath .
tr	I	He knows at some point he will , but he still hasn 't faced his own agony yet .
tr	O	He smiled at Clary , and she thought , with surprise , that actually he did look different .
tr	O	She was shivering all over and her mouth was suddenly dry .
tr	I	Then it was Mason 's turn to bite back a moan , and like a flower opening to the sun she let him in .
tr	O	It seemed an admiring gaze , but there was some sadness underneath .
tr	O	My doctor tells me that I have to come in for another examination and my arthritis medicine is running low .
tr	I	She wouldn 't be able to afford another one , and the blood would ruin her shirt .
tr	I	I don 't feel it , but my head hits the plaster hard .
tr	I	His arms tightened and she shifted slightly .
tr	I	Here I was ogling Kane 's cock and barely out of a relationship with Aaron .
tr	O	He could have borrowed his mother 's car but that would have created another list of issues .
tr	I	He forced himself to stand , and he shook his head to dispel the numb feeling .
tr	I	She climbed into the luxurious interior and Drew led her to his car .
tr	O	We stared at each other for a moment and I knew that we were both feeling as much doubt as each other .
tr	I	I didn 't know what it was , but Christian was trying to tell me something .
tr	O	Only the plan had backfired , and Case had been the one bitten .
tr	O	My heart is so full , and I miss him so much .
tr	O	Her mind raced and her heartbeat skipped .
tr	O	I mean , I like history , but I like a lot of subjects .
tr	I	The bees swarmed and inside his head the trumpets blared .
tr	I	I 'll use any other I need and those are excuses .
tr	I	Boots had climbed right in with Gregor , but servants had prepared separate beds for them .
tr	O	I didn 't lose my shit often , but this woman was pushing me .
tr	O	She is a very special , talented , smart , beautiful , and most of all she is my baby girl .
tr	O	His eyes flashed with rage , but before he could act , he remembered himself , realized I was trying to distract him .
tr	I	My breathing felt constricted and my heart was racing .
tr	O	He loved her , and he wouldn 't do anything to put her in danger .
tr	O	Bo walked me to my car and I drove to Savannah 's house .
tr	I	Eavesdropping was fun and I wasn 't in a hurry .
tr	O	She deftly steered the little car through the traffic and they arrived at the parking lot behind the Blue Coyote with minutes to spare .
tr	I	No one was forced to sit elbow to elbow , but clusters of fans dotted the seats around them .
tr	O	No , my son was dying , and he would be dead within hours .
tr	O	Heavy red drapes kept the edges of the room in darkness , and rows of seats in a semi-circle faced down towards a stage .
tr	I	I wondered if she had made it herself and she had lots of awesome food in there .
tr	I	I scowled at her in displeasure , and my whole body felt on edge .
tr	I	Bethany pulled him down the hallway , and her mother repeated the order again .
tr	O	I had to find the baby before Henry found me , and I had to find Henry before it was too late .
tr	I	There were several red welts on my neck but no bump was visible .
tr	I	He still couldn 't believe it and those legs were all his .
tr	O	I could hear music in the distance , but the noise of voices swallowed it up .
tr	O	Andrew 's face was pale and his hand shook as he held it out in supplication .
tr	I	He took a big sip off the pail and Julio finally got a hold of the pail .
tr	I	The wind told him different , but below him the region looked stable .
tr	I	There was no chance of getting lost and at least there was only one pathway to follow .
tr	O	It didn 't start with Ryan , but I tell him it did .
tr	I	She didn 't call me , and I wasn 't meeting Colette this time , because I didn 't call her .
tr	I	Tania stopped at the right distance to avoid getting hit , but her opponent tried to stop Tania with a left jab .
tr	O	She 'd have a broken spirit , but that didn 't count .
tr	I	He should consider carefully his punishment of the thief and he thought that the man might be in need .
tr	O	The door opens , and the strange little man makes a crooked bow .
tr	I	His fingers instantly curled over her hip and she shifted .
tr	I	I quickly clear the rest of the dishes before limping upstairs to my room , and Pierce breaks off abruptly as I enter the room .
tr	O	He was within touching distance of her now , and she was aware of every inch of him .
tr	O	Rico took Teresa 's hand again as they followed Sean along the corridor and she had the feeling he hadn 't even noticed doing it .
tr	O	He glanced toward the office door , but his gaze was arrested halfway there .
tr	I	Worry was etched in the violet depths of her eyes , and her blue hair was falling around her shoulders .
tr	O	How when they worked side by side , even at the most menial tasks , time flew , and they delighted each other .
tr	O	He swiped it across my head and I gave a shout of pain .
tr	I	Old brown painted Victorian doors leading to offices which all looked much the same , and they were dingy corridors with Magnolia emulsion on the grubby walls .
tr	O	It was the night before leaving for college , and I 'd given her the ring that she now wore around her neck .
tr	I	He just held her tighter , but she struggled .
tr	O	Franklin poles us to the edge of the pier and we start to unload .
tr	O	He had only to look at her and she found she wanted him .
tr	O	I struggle to wake but I 've forgotten why it 's important .
tr	O	Jayden looked puzzled , but the others didn 't flinch .
tr	I	They used it to enter the house , and we shouted about the open back door .
tr	O	He was presented with various food options , and he chose the Shepherd 's pie with vegetables .
tr	O	She hadn 't talked to Jonah for more than a few seconds , but at least there shouldn 't be a backlash for making the attempt .
tr	I	I couldn 't get a fix on what , but I had a feeling something was wrong .
tr	O	It had been over six months , but he looked the same as ever .
tr	O	They passed through a courtyard washed in sunlight and she looked up at the blue sky , the sun warming her skin .
tr	I	He couldn 't bring any alternatives to the table , but he suspected that this strategy won 't bring them any good .
tr	I	He was more than happy to hide it in his bed , and her greatest treasure , in his mind , was her body .
tr	O	That had been the last time Devon had seen Robert , and he was fairly certain it had been the last time that Julian had too .
tr	O	He held out his hand and she placed hers in his .
tr	O	She couldn 't prevent the disaster , and her body betrayed her , caught in the fiery tango with his .
tr	I	He wouldn 't take something like that , but they found something suspicious in Tony 's shed .
tr	O	I point toward the couch , and he nods .
tr	O	Two circuits seemed to connect in his mind , and he frowned .
tr	O	Another dodge to avoid the pole , and I was scrambling to my feet .
tr	I	They all began to move forward , and finally Munro signaled .
tr	O	Her smile shook , but Grace could tell by the look in her mother 's eyes that she was lucid again .
tr	I	She doesn 't , but she looks around like she wants to ask me something .
tr	I	I don 't think that 's going to happen , but I 'm used to having his arms around me .
tr	O	When they reached the stone steps to the rocky peak , he heard her exhale with what sounded like relief and he grinned to himself .
tr	O	She 's a crazy Latina , and he was cold-blooded the way he dumped her .
tr	O	I 've already seen your scars , and they look beautiful on you .
tr	O	Isaac waved from the darkness of his past and James forced his lids open .
tr	O	A tremor raked her body , and warm tears soaked the fabric of his robe .
tr	I	Nothing they tried worked , but they suspected drugs .
tr	I	Stephan gently pulled her back beside him , but Nicole took a defensive stance between them .
tr	O	The bonnet hid my unhappiness , and I was grateful for it .
tr	O	Celaena translated again , and the princess nodded .
tr	I	A general uneasy silence began , and they , too , stepped back , from the hatchling .
tr	O	He gasped as my hand accidentally brushed against his cock , and he grabbed it .
tr	I	Stories are different on the road , but I wouldn 't expect a warm welcome in town anytime soon .
tr	I	I was hoping they 'd just stop talking about it , and we were at a dead end .
tr	I	That would be that and I 'd just hand him over .
tr	O	He relaxed slowly and I 'd not realized he was tense until then .
tr	I	Maybe I 'm just being my old self or maybe it 's the alcohol in my system that 's making me think these things .
tr	O	I am going to be out of touch for a while , but I couldn 't leave without saying goodbye first .
tr	I	I stood fast , but Eric 's hand closed around my upper arm .
tr	I	Dad had called before he had to head to work , and it was Saturday , early there .
tr	I	He reaches out to hold it and Adel notices Nora 's hand near him .
tr	I	Her entire body was reacting to it , an exquisite squirming that actually curled her toes , and his voice had dropped to a seductive purr .
tr	O	The door is locked and the window nailed shut .
tr	I	This weird look crosses her face and she snatches the batteries from me with inquisitiveness in her expression .
tr	I	I jumped out of the way as she marched past me to the front door and suddenly her door flung open .
tr	I	I need to , but I don 't want to talk about it .
tr	I	They both shook their heads , and Selene met Kara 's eyes .
tr	O	His hands are in his pockets and he 's leaning against the chalkboard .
tr	O	He hated the thought of leaving Tanu to roam the woods , but Warren had showed up back at the house after he became an albino .
tr	O	The trial was a circus , and I was thrilled to be so close to the center ring .
tr	I	I couldn 't read his expression and his face was obscured from the lack of light .
tr	O	The elevator shudders as it stops , and I cling to the wall to steady myself as the doors open .
tr	O	She held a glass to his lips and he prayed it wasn 't whiskey this time .
tr	I	Helplessly she went into his arms , and he asked her to dance again .
tr	I	We move as fast as we can out of the Lecture Hall and I put my arm around her for support .
tr	O	Our previous times together had been eye-opening , but this had been something more , something intimate .
tr	O	Lucky helped her lift the crate containing Bailey 's body , and together they headed around the side of the house .
tr	O	Jeff lay down beside her and she turned to face him .
tr	O	I want to say something , but I 'm not sure what .
tr	I	Daddy began to speak again and finally the crowd quieted down .
tr	O	He frowned down at the screen , but he answered quickly .
tr	O	Your daddy was a good man and he did a lot for this town .
tr	I	I meant it , and I said yes .
tr	O	Pete waved his hand , and they sat back down .
tr	I	Gabriella 's a good girl , but there 's never been much money around , if that 's what you mean .
tr	O	They returned to the dining room and Leslie gave Stella a warm hug .
tr	O	It 's not fair , but that 's the way she wants it .
tr	I	I can 't take it , but I hate to do it .
tr	I	They were on their way , and in no time the engine was purring beneath them .
tr	O	My fourth spear hit him in the heart , but he kept coming .
tr	I	It wouldn 't be long before she started crawling , and already Noelle was sitting up on her own .
tr	O	I could see a boat in the distance , but I didn 't pay them much attention until it was clear they were headed straight for us .
tr	I	Fill this night with songs of bliss , And seal your vows with true love 's kiss .
tr	O	Riley laid a hand on my shoulder , and I swallowed hard .
tr	O	Then he looked at Flute , and his eyes widened .
tr	I	She 'd been afraid to push outside her social barriers , and her work always drowned out most of her social activities .
tr	O	I deserved to die , but the others didn 't .
tr	O	The fight wore on neither dropping their guard until Lucas became aware of a searing pain in his leg , and he paused to flex the muscle .
tr	O	I struggled against Levi again , and he finally relented so I could sit up .
tr	O	I 'd already seen what it did to my voltage , but I hadn 't expected it to affect my other powers .
tr	O	We had talked , and it had been surprisingly nice .
tr	O	Jenny was a child , and he treated her like a common whore .
tr	I	I 'm saying it 's not serious , but it does .
tr	O	Her green eyes were a bright shade of green , and they looked full of life .
tr	O	He was sitting across the table from Mark , and the two men were having an animated conversation .
tr	O	Heat spread through her belly , and dampness pooled between her thighs .
tr	I	He ended up landing on his ass and the damn rope broke .
tr	O	Her legs were encased in silky stockings , and her ankles were steady in sensible pumps .
tr	O	He has a brilliant mind , and he was so wonderful as a boy .
tr	I	It wasn 't true anymore , but which , early on , I had to admit was true .
tr	I	I leap on her excuse like a life raft in the storm , but I don 't know why Annette is supporting my lies .
tr	I	Its rank fluids stopped up my nostrils and the chill water was full of rot .
tr	I	His tongue immediately entered , stroking mine frantically , and my mouth opened , admitting him entry inside .
tr	I	He was wrong and Because Logan was right .
tr	O	The blades crashed and the room shook .
tr	O	He didn 't belong in my world , and I 'd never be part of his .
tr	O	The older woman 's suggestion had seemed sincere , yet it stung Harriet 's pride to have to ask for help .
tr	O	Her mama spent weeks planning every detail of that wedding , and I mean every single detail .
tr	I	She fumbled for her keys in her purse and they climbed the stairs .
tr	O	It was pretty cool of her to do this for me , but I was still done .
tr	O	I glanced at Rowen , and she was almost teary-eyed .
tr	I	Again she missed , and she swung again .
tr	O	Lea didn 't notice , but the press was sitting on the front seats , which were close to the ring .
tr	O	She had tried so hard and yet she was a failure .
tr	I	They weren 't cousins , and they weren 't friends .
tr	I	He stood right outside the cubicle , and the restroom was small .
tr	I	Sharper eyed than Jessica had ever seen her in school but the two were coming down the hall , Melissa in head phones .
tr	I	Quinton is consuming my thoughts , but I should be , too .
tr	I	The tears kept coming , but she kept waiting to dry up .
tr	I	I needed something new , some voice deep within me advised , but I had a closet full of good clothes already .
tr	I	There was none she absolutely fell in love with , but some of them were ok .
tr	O	She went to move the covers and her arm landed against something solid .
tr	O	I grabbed his plate from the oven and Riley tracked my movements , scowling when I handed it to Sam .
tr	I	I pull her back out into the hall and my fingers snag her sleeve .
tr	O	Tears rolled down his cheeks , and he no longer made any effort to wipe them away .
tr	O	I was three at the time and I thought she was being literal .
tr	I	The ice on the ground melted and the cold of the winter snows was blocked away .
tr	I	She frowned slightly and I smiled warmly at her .
tr	O	Her hands reach out and she steadies herself on my shoulders .
tr	O	The potent alcohol burned going down , but by the time it reached his stomach , it cooled to a sweet , drugging warmth .
tr	O	She closed her eyes , and for a moment , I feared the worst .
tr	I	My jaw drops to the floor and she turns me to the mirror .
tr	I	He carried on shouting regardless , but his cries called forth the anger of many a woken villager .
tr	I	I just couldn 't take another minute of it and we had never been mad at each other before .
tr	I	I lost him , and I gave him an ultimatum .
tr	O	James , too , passed by without a word , his shoulders hunched and his head bowed .
tr	O	The stone walls glistened as though with cool moisture , but running her hands across their surface , Kaylee discovered it was just a glossy sealant .
tr	I	He was nowhere to be found but I ran the length of the corridor .
tr	I	He gave me a derisive look that made me shut up , but I attempted a joke to diffuse the tension in the air .
tr	O	Her memory was herself , and she was a basket to hold everything that happened .
tr	I	I 'm not very good at casting , but I dabble a bit in magic spells .
tr	I	I saw Risa do it , but I 've never hit it .
tr	O	His black eyes sparked to life and he studied her face , his look leaving her cold .
tr	I	He stands and his hands leave my bottom .
tr	O	He set his gaze on me , but I continued to examine the stars .
tr	O	It was despicable to think this , but perhaps the Berger spoke the truth .
tr	O	Kayla was still very young and I felt responsible for her .
tr	O	A large hand slapped him between the shoulder blades , and he coughed out what seemed to be gallons of water .
tr	I	Her braided hair was pale blond , and she wasn 't very tall .
tr	I	My gut was inexplicably arguing against that possibility , but Reason told me to assume that Jason was in league with Dan .
tr	I	They screamed a lot and they didn 't tire .
tr	O	The werewolf slashed at my head but I ducked just in time .
tr	O	Her mouth became dry and she had a flash of the memory of those full lips closing down on hers .
tr	I	A quick look dashed that hope , but Bax thought .
tr	O	He let out a quiet breath , and I felt him shake his head .
tr	I	I took a breath in , savoring the power and the tingling spread from the skin on my face outward throughout my whole body .
tr	I	How could she really tell , but he didn 't look as if he was ?
tr	O	They were on the bridge now , and Clary looked out over the river , nursing her coffee thoughtfully .
tr	O	Plans were put in place and two days later two battle groups , each of twenty armed men , emerged from Southgate Underground .
tr	O	The girls have been real supportive , but they 're not you .
tr	O	My phone rang again and I closed my eyes .
tr	O	I still wanted to know exactly how it happened , but it seemed like a futile endeavor .
tr	O	There was now fresh hay from our barn there instead , but the whole thing still reeked from smoke .
tr	I	Let 's look at it another way , but I understand where you 're coming from .
tr	I	I hated to be the one to torture him , and he was tortured .
tr	I	I drew the lucky straw , and you needed somebody to kick ?
tr	I	She gave me a wry smirk , and Alice said .
tr	I	I could tell him that there is a small area of pitting , and you already know that it has suffered some distortion .
tr	I	I knew he needed me there , but privately I wasn 't so sure .
tr	O	Jude wasn 't thrilled with the idea , but he knew better than to push me on the issue .
tr	I	All of the photographs got very fuzzy except for one , and my vision blurred .
tr	I	There 's the faintest scent of rain in the air and the evening sky is cloudy .
tr	I	I took it out on her , and I was angry about something else .
tr	I	He was hers , and he was magnificent .
tr	I	I cannot bear the thought of her life being ended so soon , and I do not know if you will ever meet another of my kind .
tr	O	I 'm practically screaming , and for the second time today , tears are running down my cheeks .
tr	I	I knocked it out , but I tried to get my sword out of the scabbard .
tr	O	There were a hundred details still to take care of , and they formed a precise , clear list in the young commander 's mind .
tr	I	A flicker of a smile touched his lips and I told him .
tr	I	His wife could be exaggerating , making unwarranted assumptions but that was one possibility .
tr	O	I barely know him , and now he 'll think I 'm some emotional freak .
tr	I	He returned his eyes to me and I placed my hand over his on my cheek .
tr	I	He was fairly sure that they weren 't even aware of the fact that he was cheating , and he didn 't mention it to the others .
tr	I	I didn 't mind walking , and it was a gorgeous day .
tr	O	We fought and I left .
tr	O	I glance toward the front seats where the two doctors are sitting , and I bite my lip as a smile begins to transform my features .
tr	I	We rode the elevator up to the Assisted Living floor and he ushered me in .
tr	O	Bri went off about some skin care article she 'd read somewhere but I didn 't pay much attention .
tr	I	It will never happen again , and it was a onetime thing .
tr	O	You 'll no longer save some muscles in reserve and you 'll go all out till complete failure .
tr	O	Ethan might have been surprised the last time Darius had gone on the offensive , but this time he was prepared for the onslaught .
tr	I	Some went out completely and candles on the tables flickered .
tr	O	His legs were cramped and his head ached fiercely .
tr	O	Charles was holding back a smile , but amusement danced in his hazel eyes anyway .
tr	O	Mostly Phyllis chatted and Lauren listened .
tr	I	Once you did , you couldn 't look away , but it was hard to see in the dim light .
tr	I	He 'd been expecting someone much older , but Drake already knew all this .
tr	I	I can still see it on her face , but she 's not laughing anymore .
tr	O	Cristina 's stomach lurched , then rolled , and for a moment her courage completely failed her , pulling her to a trembling halt .
tr	I	He was completely stoic , and I looked up at him .
tr	I	It 's cautious , but she smiles at me .
tr	O	The architecture was a nod to classic mid-century modern and the furniture was no different .
tr	O	I extended my note enclosed hand out to her , but her eyes remained on her book .
tr	I	She 'd been annoying him senseless that entire time and he 'd known her for over two hundred years .
tr	I	Now she wanted him to escort her out and they 'd parted on less than amicable terms ?
tr	I	I 'll work for you and you 'll get your diamond .
tr	O	The floor shakes beneath us , and an iced chill travels down my spine .
tr	I	She knew the answer before she asked the question , and a disturbing thought struck her .
tr	O	I 'd seen it , but I hadn 't wanted to see it .
tr	O	I wanted to snap at him to control himself , that his anxious behavior only made us look guilty , but I couldn 't say a word .
tr	I	That wasn 't unusual , but it was still dark outside .
tr	I	At first I don 't understand and Kayden I 'm shocked by what Callie tells me .
tr	I	Her gorgeous face was free of makeup and her hair was pulled back from her face in a ponytail at the crown of her head .
tr	O	Laila wasn 't satisfied with her life , and a person should be satisfied before they died .
tr	I	Josephine looked over her shoulder for a moment before pausing , and the sound of hooves echoed rhythmically behind them .
tr	O	I was frustrated and my knees hurt .
tr	I	I knew I couldn 't , but I wanted to pull him back .
tr	I	His other hand smoothly cups my hip , and our fingers lace together .
tr	I	She shattered his discipline every time , but he thought himself so controlled .
tr	O	Danni tried to sidestep him , but he moved with her to keep her from getting by .
tr	I	I knew what he was asking , but I didn 't even speak Italian .
tr	I	I bounced into Stefan 's arm , and Ricki slowed the boat to a stop .
tr	I	His future seemed bright when tragedy struck and he was set to marry a princess .
tr	I	The rest of the hour passes quickly , and he settles back into helping me .
tr	O	William sank his fist under Ben 's ribs and the bigger man grunted .
tr	I	His eyes were wide , but Blake didn 't let go of my hand .
tr	O	The police department started examining it and they tried everything they could to enhance the film .
tr	O	He placed my hand in his and he brought it to his lips .
tr	O	He winced , and I immediately regretted saying that .
tr	O	He has stolen her from you and she thinks only of his touch .
tr	O	I hadn 't , but I started looking .
tr	O	That familiar thick , goopy nastiness filled her , and suddenly she wanted to shake something hard .
tr	I	In a heartbeat it was gone , replaced with firm discipline , but for a moment Sarah thought she saw longing in his eyes .
tr	I	I promised myself that payback would come , but I wasn 't sure how .
tr	I	Suddenly his fangs struck , stinging just her lower lip and she was ready for more , when she felt a shift in his vibration .
tr	O	The other three friends at the match could corroborate positive ID , but they must first get the family over from Germany .
tr	I	What dire fate shall it deliver -- And a curse is laid upon the river From days that are not counted now ?
tr	O	Everything about their situation should have kept them apart but it didn 't .
tr	I	I 'd bet money his Dad was the cause and something was definitely going on with Marcus 's family .
tr	I	Her head was lolling to the side and her face was completely red .
tr	O	All with a deranged smile on its face , and a formidable hand waving nonchalantly back at him .
tr	I	It was even sweeter this time , and the slimy texture was there again .
tr	I	No one would mention the man 's background to her , but Zarah suspected that they all knew why he was like that .
tr	O	The porter gave a good description of Mr. Smith , but his description of Mrs. Smith was neutral except for her blue eyes .
tr	I	He hardly looked at it and I made his favourite pudding .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop my lips from curving up , but it would only make things worse .
tr	O	The meat was just as good as it smelled , and the rest of the food was delicious as always .
tr	O	Auntie would call them in soon for breakfast and the noise of the children would wake the other people in the house .
tr	I	She continues and I nod .
tr	O	Release exploded through her and she repeated his name arching her back until her toes curled .
tr	O	I didn 't think it was possible to outshine Billy Joel , but Dex was doing so as he was speeding down the coastal highway toward Tillamook .
tr	O	I hear sometimes the ghost of days past , and in those times I see you .
tr	I	Nothing had ever hurt like this , but his job required him to get beat up every night , sometimes taking steel chairs to his head .
tr	I	Each time you 're finished speaking you must say over , but talk as you would normally .
tr	O	It was still dark , and the sleepy little town slumbered peacefully beside the lake .
tr	I	She found herself holding her breath as she peered up at him and her own eyes widened .
tr	I	He pushed on , but that truth rankled .
tr	I	A swift walk would not , and a run would garner attention .
tr	O	It was forbidden to tread there , but they were headed straight for it .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure how often he washed it and this was the same coat he wore every day .
tr	I	I told them everything else , but I left the part about the girl talking to me in case they didn 't believe it .
tr	I	Only after that task was complete did they begin to move more of their stores ashore , and the first order of business was to provide shelter .
tr	O	He took my hand and I stood with him .
tr	I	The bar was nowhere in sight , but the packed dance floor was next to the row of sellers .
tr	I	Now they are looking at me again and the backers have refused candidates based on their failure to reflect the proper moral fiber .
tr	O	Working two jobs to make ends meet sucks , but Mom does it without complaining .
tr	O	Her voice turned over the top flirtatious on the last sentence , and I knew she was talking about his body .
tr	O	The encounter with the man had left her vulnerable and she was swarmed with fear , wanting to run .
tr	I	There was an exit sign pointing to the left , but the aisle ended in a brick wall , with windows way up high .
tr	I	Link does , too , and I follow her .
tr	O	I 'll just sit here quietly , and you two can ignore me completely .
tr	O	Adrien sped up the altered flight , and that 's when things went haywire .
tr	O	I 've never been to an auction before , but just so you know , I 'm going .
tr	I	It 's not because part of me has shut down , yet it 's terrifying .
tr	I	The woman was back in and the door suddenly burst open .
tr	I	One that makes me want to explode , but a scent no one else would notice .
tr	O	She was quick , but Alec was quicker .
tr	O	I know my colour changed and I froze to the spot .
tr	O	She opened her mouth to speak and no sound came out .
tr	O	I might have a limited few now , but I was making each one count .
tr	I	The rope remained limp , but her Breath left her .
tr	I	Still trying to absorb what had happened , and I was exhausted from the night before .
tr	I	Thin lines of dried blood caked his skin as though he 'd scratched himself in his fury , and strands of hair matted to his face .
tr	I	She didn 't cheer me on , either , but when I mentioned my plan , she didn 't discourage me .
tr	O	I had power of my own , but in human form I was as helpless as everyone else .
tr	O	For Ian , Myra had thought of many things , but what she brought him was what she had seen Todd enjoy .
tr	I	Although they were strong , his voice wavered , and I felt Adrian 's arms go around me .
tr	I	Now his poor children have to bury their father and he was selfish .
tr	O	We were outside Eric 's office , and we could both hear him bellowing inside .
tr	I	I 'd officially forgotten my jacket , and we stepped outside into a nice morning mist .
tr	O	We took a number of them , but the rest fled .
tr	O	I might have been beat to a pulp , but I didn 't like what Colt was implying .
tr	O	He knew what he wanted , and he was never afraid to take it , no matter what the consequence .
tr	I	You 'd be wrong , but you could tell yourself that the mirrors were simply telling lies .
tr	O	Clearly they had managed to break through the door , and now their thundering footfall rang out over the stairs .
tr	O	Blood drops become one heavy stream in just seconds , but he shows no signs of discomfort .
tr	I	Neil was fascinated by the many children he saw , but outside were a group of people .
tr	O	I flinched because it caught me off guard , and I hadn 't expected her to do that .
tr	O	I couldn 't give the war cry points for originality , but for sheer enthusiasm it won my heart .
tr	I	They were all too far away from her to catch but she saw many fish !
tr	O	I know you want to leave everything behind , but I think they 'd be on our side .
tr	O	It might just be Jax 's twisted imagination , but the gloves almost seemed like an erotic touch .
tr	O	Mum shrugged her shoulders and Dad made a face .
tr	I	She wasn 't about to start now and Danni had never lied to him before .
tr	I	Here I am , but this wasn 't my career goal .
tr	O	Questions came at him but he wasn 't listening .
tr	O	That someone is you , and Liam 's lucky to have you .
tr	O	It was shockingly easy , but it did require preparation .
tr	O	I tried to turn over , away from him , but it was painful to even try .
tr	I	Dan ' r grinned even more , and the balding man 's hands stopped .
tr	O	I used to believe what she told us , but I don 't anymore .
tr	I	She suddenly lost her bearings , and Mist swirled around her head .
tr	O	She heard footsteps on the stairs and her heart started thumping in an out-of-control rhythm .
tr	O	A twisting jealousy churned Catherine 's stomach and she didn 't like the feeling .
tr	O	She tried to stop her brain from continuing , but damn , pictures did not do him justice .
tr	I	It wasn 't really Roy , just his voice on an answering machine , but Roy had answered , all right .
tr	O	The guard spent an unusually long time staring at her ID badge , but he gave it back to her without expressing any dissatisfaction .
tr	O	She had been the girl sitting at home night after night while life passed her by and she didn 't want that disappointment for her friend .
tr	O	They had a large selection and their seaweed salad was delicious .
tr	O	They were much lighter , supposedly for the warmer weather , but you could never be sure .
tr	I	He had no knowledge of her destination , and all Farley knew was The Owner would be sailing soon .
tr	I	They choose to stay with him , yet he has given them a fortune .
tr	I	I knew there was nothing to hurry about , and I knew the voice .
tr	O	He was no longer bleeding , but there were traces of his blood on her jacket .
tr	I	It was hiding your face , and you had so much dark hair .
tr	O	It 's an interesting place , I decide , as Constance and I enter .
tr	I	Instead I let my nose graze hers as I stared into her eyes , but I wanted to kiss her so badly .
tr	I	His hand tightened around my wrist and I knew I was not hiding anything when his went soft .
tr	I	Mikhail flicked one look at him and Gregori motioned to Mikhail to leave .
tr	O	Sometimes she does , and that 's okay .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to put any pressure on him , and he didn 't feel up to talking about it much .
tr	O	It 's not something I wanted either , but it happened to me too .
tr	O	Minutes passed , and his body finally calmed , though I continued to hold him .
tr	O	I do so want you and it was , well , unbelievable .
tr	O	Ethan could smell the water but he couldn 't see it .
tr	I	She doesn 't need to know and she 's on a need-to-know basis .
tr	O	To heal her , I 'd have to reveal myself to her , and it 's against the law .
tr	O	It didn 't seem like he was about to use it on Valerie , but Jason knew he would need to act fast anyway .
tr	O	Ruling out her grandfather should be her next option , but she wasn 't sure how to ask him .
tr	I	I was an idiot for throwing all of that away without even trying , and he loved me in a way Hermes never would .
tr	I	Her eyes brightened and her face relaxed .
tr	I	She moved nimbly about , yet she appeared to have no eyes .
tr	I	To have a true partnership but I didn 't just want to fall in love .
tr	O	I pressed my face to his hand and his world exploded into me .
tr	O	The ceiling opens and the spirits leave .
tr	O	She 'd already been through too much tonight , and here he was , heaping another dose of fear on her .
tr	O	She took a step toward him , and the next minute , he was in her arms .
tr	I	She was offering herself as a salve for my own redemption , and it was as if she was a beautiful goddess .
tr	I	I was spared having to put up with him , and the pair seemed to do a lot of transactions .
tr	I	He respects the Ravens too much to drag us down , and our affection for him doesn 't forgive his new inadequacies on the court .
tr	O	It may take a while to die , but you 've opened the drain .
tr	I	I was brushing it aside , and this was a big thing .
tr	I	In repose , Dina is quite pretty , but her gruff manner disguises the fact somewhat .
tr	O	She began murmuring things that I didn 't understand and I felt a strange vagueness filtering through my body .
tr	O	Rid your plane of him now and we will try to hold him here , prevent those in hell from reclaiming him .
tr	I	This kitchen is far from being old but this house might be a period property .
tr	O	Michael kept a polite silence , but inside his mind , he doubted such sentiments .
tr	I	I wonder if the doctor can hear it and there 's a slight slur to her speech .
tr	I	The candles flickered out and the wind died down .
tr	O	She opened her mouth to speak but he couldn 't hear her over the hollow voices rising to a crescendo .
tr	I	He moved in an instant , lunging to the right even as the bullet blasted out of the man 's gun , and Cale knew it .
tr	O	Almost anyone would have called the police immediately on finding a man unconscious on their beach , but she hadn 't .
tr	O	You always knew where you stood with Rachel , and Anna admired that characteristic .
tr	I	Sunlight beckoned , and ahead , the tree line broke apart .
tr	O	He 'd wanted to help his sister defeat their old clan leader , but he wasn 't going to be any use to her .
tr	I	Little slices of light were coming in through the cracks in the slats of the shutters , but they had all the shutters closed on the windows .
tr	I	The residents of the small West Tennessee town left him alone and he didn 't cause any trouble .
tr	O	I almost argue with him , but there 's not time .
tr	O	There was a knock on her door , and Cedric stuck his head into the room .
tr	O	She wasn 't ignoring the danger of taking a map out of the Liaison 's Office , but she was careful to keep it out of sight .
tr	I	I do know Caroline , but it sounds uncharitable .
tr	I	His grimace deepened , and he turned his focus on Lucas .
tr	O	Drew was trying to hide behind the case , and he could hear Fredericks ' groans of pain .
tr	O	Their horses were loaded with plunder , but they continued looking for the other wagons .
tr	O	The bureaucrat was trembling visibly , and his eyes were wild .
tr	O	I asked , but I really didn 't want to know .
tr	I	Down her street all the time and Andrew drove his Mini up .
tr	O	There had been no ceremony , and she had known no husband .
tr	I	From the way her eyes drop from Jeff 's , I know that she is not telling the truth , but she shakes her head .
tr	O	He gave the phone back to Dave and I gave it back to Georgia .
tr	O	I 'm not sure it 's Brian anymore , and I shouldn 't want to look pretty for Will .
tr	O	The shopping district is too crowded and submariners are always visiting the Square .
tr	I	It wasn 't particularly cold either , and Josie 's voice wasn 't warm .
tr	O	I think about darting through the window , but that 's where the light wants me to go .
tr	O	The enemy had been caught unaware , had never recovered and they should have admitted defeat days ago .
tr	I	They only made me feel worse , more alone , and I felt Olivia 's eyes on me .
tr	O	He made a noise low in his throat and I could practically hear him thinking .
tr	I	It was now Sunday night , and she hadn 't seen her babies since Friday morning .
tr	O	The pin looked innocent enough , but he didn 't trust it .
tr	O	I intensified the illusion before the duke 's eyes , and his screaming grew even louder as he struggled to free himself .
tr	I	I turn toward it , shielding my eyes from the blazing sun , and the whirring blades of a helicopter echo in the distance .
tr	O	Gruber wrestled Trenton 's victim out the side entrance , and Kody stood next to Trenton , out of breath .
tr	O	I sought to move towards the stairway , but another man stepped to block my path .
tr	O	He carries a Glock and he likes using it .
tr	O	There was a faint trace of an accent but it oddly only made his voice more pleasing .
tr	I	That 's a story for tomorrow , but I was wrong , of course .
tr	I	Valerie 's words struck a chord deep within him , but Mason chuckled .
tr	I	Suddenly he had all of my attention and butterflies filled my stomach .
tr	O	I was told that the president was at a meeting that night , but I discovered that the meeting had been canceled .
tr	O	Lightning flashed and she shuddered .
tr	O	The token slid down , and the person on the other end heard her .
tr	I	He pulled out , leaving her panting , but she strained to take his fingers deeper .
tr	O	She did the one thing she had loved and no one could take this away from her .
tr	I	I feel chills snaking down my spine , and he smiles at me .
tr	O	Peter was staying overnight at a friend 's , and she was running behind schedule as it was .
tr	O	Matt picked me up at lunch hour the following day , and I told him about the dream .
tr	I	Her family was , anyway , or she was also obscenely rich .
tr	I	Layla crawled off the bed and he closed the drapes before leaving the room .
tr	I	It was time for the Gathering , and the last kings trickled in .
tr	I	I don 't think it 's fair letting another woman get close , and I can 't have the woman I love .
tr	I	We melted into each other again , the conversation forgotten , and I giggled softly as he kissed me .
tr	O	I see things happening , but the pieces of this puzzle don 't seem to fit .
tr	I	That was the crowd inside applauding , but there was a thunderous noise .
tr	O	He couldn 't think of anything but the pain reeling throughout his head .
tr	I	Julie could see the doubt in the red that colored her cheeks , and Kim was working through every second of her life to this moment .
tr	O	Her eyes were rolled back into her head and her teeth were driven into the flesh of his shoulder through his lab coat .
tr	O	Fate is our enemy , but time is the danger .
tr	O	His arms were pudgy and he had long nails .
tr	I	She was a very strong Poppet , but he was a very big vampire .
tr	O	This man was very dead , and that fact wasn 't changing .
tr	O	Nadia tried to laugh , but it came out strange .
tr	O	His tone changed , and I froze .
tr	I	You bed a new woman every single night , and you have charge accounts that I pay for .
tr	O	he asked and I twisted to give him a sour face .
tr	I	My jeans had become uncomfortably tight , and her words were more breath than sound .
tr	O	There was only one door open , and Betsy 's name was on a plaque beside it .
tr	I	He knew that it was one of the best times of his life growing up , but he couldn 't remember .
tr	I	Her opponent jumped backward , but she lunged , slashing .
tr	O	Amanda arrived with the car and McCoy hopped in , wishing fervently that fortune cookies would be a little more damned specific .
tr	O	Dragon 's body stiffened , and his eyes opened wide .
tr	O	Put one together with the other , and you can imagine what happened next .
tr	I	She was afraid to believe what she saw , but the emotion in his eyes washed over her .
tr	I	Even the very air was filled with the sound , and she could feel the pounding through the soles of her feet .
tr	O	Apparently he wore these for warmth against the bitter high northern cold , but Seth tended to think it was more for appearance 's sake .
tr	I	I stared down at the grave , lost in thought , and Jason stayed quietly by my side , not saying a word .
tr	I	Claire didn 't stop , but Trace called her name .
tr	O	Her hair was dyed a warm , brunette colour which suited her as well as her blonde hair had and her figure was still incredible .
tr	O	My voice caught , but I pressed on .
tr	I	She took Marie 's place on the couch , and I heard Sandra 's voice some time later .
tr	I	The weapons reloaded and the wounds were dressed .
tr	I	That was over a year ago , but I knew the person I used to speak to was a guy named Brett .
tr	O	Not a single bird could be heard singing that morning , and a deep gloominess had settled over the land .
tr	I	I saw a smile light up her face , and she opened the corsage cautiously .
tr	I	She couldn 't stop , but this would help nothing .
tr	I	It sure wasn 't a normal man 's choice , but I wasn 't saying Greg 's method was a bad one .
tr	O	Eva nodded , but Owen just stared at me , a blank look on his face .
tr	O	They weren 't military but positioned safely behind the open doors gave them a far superior position .
tr	I	I would take it and he offered help .
tr	O	I lied to him about not feeling well , and I 'd rubbed shoulders with a bad guy .
tr	I	I was oblivious , lost in the mysteries of love but that would set the keynote .
tr	O	I keep trying to speak but the words are sticking to my tongue .
tr	I	He slung an arm around her and when her head brushed his shoulder , his pulse surged .
tr	O	He was getting on shaky ground here , but he thought that was true .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to scream , but no sound came out .
tr	O	Her body went rigid , and after a tense moment , she slumped in her seat .
tr	I	She did have responsibilities , but Carrie was grateful for what her friends were trying to do .
tr	O	There were only two things in the back of the wagon , and it was the only one of them that was a bag .
tr	I	I can 't help it but I know it 's silly .
tr	I	I bump it with my own , and Blaze reaches his fist out .
tr	I	They provided us with weak beams of light at that , and the only lights that guided us were the flashlights that we had .
tr	I	While the idea of seeing him without his shirt tempted her , this was so not the time , and she asked .
tr	I	Carlyle wasn 't happy to see both of us , and Benson led me into the living room .
tr	O	She knew it , and she knew he did too .
tr	O	No , she 'd never had fun , but the more he 'd spoken the more she 'd wanted to remedy that .
tr	I	I definitely didn 't like thinking there was someone else , but I denied it .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure where those words had come from , but he suddenly believed them with all his soul .
tr	O	One by one , their faces came into focus , and the questions they were asking began to make sense .
tr	I	He 'll be away for five days in April , but he hasn 't traveled since the end of January .
tr	O	She was on her stomach and I was on my back , one of her blankets covering us .
tr	I	When he turned the ignition key , it purred like a content kitten , but Elijah waited to start the car until we were both buckled .
tr	O	She was the mother of his child and it wouldn 't be good for their daughter to be motherless .
tr	O	She 'd hoped that would wake him , but it didn 't have the desired effect .
tr	I	He was taking care of me or I didn 't like thinking I was mooching off him .
tr	I	She didn 't want me playing with four boys very often , but my mom said your mom was so nice to offer .
tr	O	Maybe he was unmotivated in economics , but nothing about him seemed unintelligent .
tr	I	We 're good to go and add in that scene .
tr	O	Unable to hide her amusement , she looked down at Rover , but her faithful companion wasn 't under the table .
tr	O	Interviewing replacements was not a thought he relished , and it was unlikely he could delegate .
tr	I	He pushed it into her hand , and she reached for the snifter without looking .
tr	I	We had crossed a battlefield together , but they shouldn 't have taken my order .
tr	I	She sits down on the step and Nora 's knees suddenly go weak .
tr	I	Liam knew he would , but Bret hadn 't yet found the courage to visit his mother .
tr	O	I attached the leash to Rags ' collar , and we started home .
tr	I	His two closest friends who would be his two chief lieutenants should hostilities escalate and he didn 't like that Gregor wished to speak with him .
tr	O	I 've made the right decision , for both of us , and I need to see it through .
tr	O	A few hours passed and other tests came in .
tr	O	Her mouth is gaping wide and her teeth are like pearls .
tr	O	24 Cheyenne 's car was gone but Dylan knocked , anyway .
tr	I	Helen moved out of the way and nurses moved into the room at that moment , obviously time to take his vital statistics .
tr	I	He found himself becoming enchanted with her once again , and her blush was back .
tr	I	She nodded , and he asked .
tr	I	He turned towards me and I turned towards Zane .
tr	O	She started crying , and if I wasn 't so resolved , that would have been my tipping point .
tr	I	Her dress inched down , and his fingers accidentally pushed the fabric from her shoulders .
tr	O	He rakes a hand through his hair , and I hold my breath for his response .
tr	I	He felt nothing when he killed , yet I could feel darkness in him .
tr	I	Instead they focused on her , but Isaac 's eyes were not on his opponent .
tr	O	It had been a close vote but the Amendment to the Constitution had passed all three bodies .
tr	O	Maybe I don 't deserve this second chance , but I 'm going for it , anyway .
tr	I	Then at last I saw them backing out of the passage , but at first , no one came .
tr	O	I never told them about my run in with Hayes and I resolved to corner Webb before the next day ended .
tr	I	I have waited my entire existence for you , and you feel we are meant to be together .
tr	O	He did not speak and he did not smile .
tr	O	My favorite aunt is glad to see me , but I can 't fool her .
tr	O	Suddenly a dark slit opened and something horrific came through it .
tr	I	I held my tone firm , but my face warmed with my blush .
tr	I	He pushed his own sleeve back , exposing his right forearm and one corner of his lip pulled up into a sort of smile .
tr	I	I wouldn 't , but frankly , the idea of doing that made me want to leave Kilmer for good .
tr	O	He suspected her trust was tenuous and her giving it without argument was another first .
tr	I	Purposefully dumped a soda onto me during lunch , and last year she spread a rumor that Allison was bulimic .
tr	O	It keeps you in good physical shape , and the techniques you have learned are real .
tr	O	Al that was happening around us seemed only to make it stronger and I felt sil y for thinking otherwise .
tr	I	No one met my eyes , but I looked around the room .
tr	O	Tel me where the dagger is , and I ' l make it quick .
tr	O	Her friends tried to cheer her up , but their efforts only made it worse since they didn 't understand her sadness .
tr	I	It went off like a fire alarm in my ears , but Paul 's voice was no more than a ragged whisper .
tr	O	The war was long , light against dark , and many of the warriors were slain .
tr	O	Gil cleared his throat uncomfortably and Avery began to fidget .
tr	I	This situation needed to be dealt with quickly but normally I like to go with my axes .
tr	I	No system is completely perfect , but there may be some slight , well , irregularities , along the way .
tr	O	The boys escorted him to the great bridge , and on their way , Jack gave Eric another diary .
tr	O	As Anne nodded her head , a weight shifted and she felt lighter .
tr	O	It 's more than most kids from the barrio manage , but it wasn 't enough to keep me out of trouble .
tr	O	She doesn 't know why , but it 's rooted inside her .
tr	O	He was at her mercy and there wasn 't a damn thing he could do about it .
tr	O	Our gazes locked for one second and he gave me a knowing look .
tr	I	Then the wound was covered , and for just a moment she saw blood pouring out of the hole in Dinah 's chest .
tr	I	It was useless , but he tried to recall the powerful feeling he 'd had when he took the piece of jewelry .
tr	I	More lightning flowed through him and Ash leaned his head forward .
tr	O	This one hit a monster dead center in the back and it , too , froze .
tr	I	The ceiling was at least several hundred feet high , and the chamber was circular , about 50 feet across .
tr	I	I didn 't plan to wander off but it felt all wrong for a moment .
tr	I	Nobody laughed but there were a few gentle chuckles .
tr	I	I 'll hang up on you and do it again on the phone .
tr	O	Okay , she was having a conversation with a breeze , but at least she didn 't feel alone .
tr	I	David shoved her behind him with one arm while he aimed his gun at the branches , and the bushes swayed again .
tr	O	In the house it felt like the heart of England , But outside it was how she imagined some far away , tropical isle to be .
tr	I	It won , but it is !
tr	I	That was all there was to it for me , and he was a monster .
tr	O	His few objective brain cells were screaming for him to let go of her , but she felt too good .
tr	I	I regretted insulting his father and Spencer 's facial expression hardened .
tr	O	He was my best friend , my buddy , my rock , but that didn 't matter inside me now .
tr	I	Frank knew what she meant , but she asked , talking mostly to herself .
tr	I	I did find it incredible then , too , and Egwene did speak of this event .
tr	O	Rupert smacked his lips as if the enemy camp was one ripe plum , but he did not give the order to attack .
tr	O	Dahlia created an intimacy with him , a bond , and he knew she did it for him , not for her .
tr	I	Her eyes didn 't seem to focus on any one thing , and she swayed .
tr	O	I borrowed the carving gouge from Liam , and I 'm making the outline .
tr	O	The island was their world and it fulfilled all their needs .
tr	O	Never once wavering on their beliefs and always seeing Sam as a hero .
tr	I	Then , in a strangely surreal moment , he kissed her , and he pinned one of her struggling arms to the floor with his knee .
tr	O	There is a splash behind us , and we both look at the water .
tr	O	My grandmother has already called a few owners and they 've come for them .
tr	O	He hadn 't just gone for a cruise yet and he felt it could be a great ending to the day .
tr	O	Jack put his hand on her back and together they preened for the flashing cameras .
tr	O	He tells Barbara when he wants to come and they let him .
tr	O	Dirty thoughts entered my mind and I hoped Lucky couldn 't tell what I was thinking .
tr	O	They 'll be planning to make their try at the hospital , but they won 't have the chance .
tr	I	She moved in with him and somewhere along the line Barrett got involved with Milford .
tr	O	Those blue-gray eyes looked up at my approach , but the rest of her didn 't move .
tr	I	Now my curiosity is up , but normally I 'd just say no .
tr	I	It will develop more speed than what you already have , but it might be annoying .
tr	O	I walked past him and the Butler immediately exited the building , motioning not to get shot as he walked past the group .
tr	O	My parents are gone until tomorrow evening and you cannot come in while they are gone .
tr	O	I wasn 't certain what the message was supposed to be , but in her mind there was one .
tr	I	I desperately tried to keep them at bay and I could feel my eyes filling with tears .
tr	I	I felt a chill despite the warm breeze , and my heart began to beat faster .
tr	I	Jason was holding his own , but Hayes had more magical ability .
tr	I	They only accentuated the sharp , clean cut of his face , but a pair of dark glasses obscured his eyes .
tr	O	He didn 't mean that , but the words rolled out of his mouth from long habit .
tr	I	She is probably living on the streets , but if the records are right , your sister may be up there .
tr	O	He was deadly earnest , and for a moment , I wondered how I could have earned his trust so intently .
tr	I	He would never let you go , but your father might let me go .
tr	O	I knocked on the door , and she answered .
tr	O	I glance over at Isabel and I know she knows differently .
tr	O	There was heat as well as anger in his gaze , and her breath caught in her chest as she reeled beneath the intensity of their attraction .
tr	O	I didn 't get why she seemed to love it , but I left it playing for her .
tr	I	He couldn 't lie to her either , but he hadn 't wanted to tell Chloe they were fake .
tr	I	Everything was calm and suddenly the sun came out .
tr	O	It 's still too early and I don 't want everyone bombarding her right now .
tr	I	She had to do something , but she wasn 't sure what she could do .
tr	I	Mel calmed down , and Vidalia spoke with authority .
tr	O	Then it was on hers , and once again he asked admission .
tr	I	Then , I guess , decides against it , but he opens his mouth to say something .
tr	I	Please consider the rights of these geeks , please , but I realize that .
tr	I	He looked back at her and there was an odd note to her voice .
tr	O	He 'd slung her small bag over his shoulder and his arms were folded in front of him .
tr	O	The woman flinched , but the man looked more angry .
tr	O	He thought it was ridiculous , but he couldn 't help it .
tr	O	Woods ' voice broke into my thoughts and I snapped out of my shocked haze .
tr	I	They are not , but they look simple .
tr	O	Fear dampened her palms and she was sure she could hear the sound of her heart racing even through the heavy padding of her coat .
tr	O	I saw him , too , but my gut was telling me not to condemn him until I got a better look .
tr	O	He argues with me but I win him over .
tr	I	She let him go and I called to her .
tr	I	Xavier kissed her forehead and she then leaned up .
tr	O	He faced forward , and she couldn 't see many details of his features .
tr	I	Daniel came back and the girls sat .
tr	I	Many of the local residents were raised there and over twenty eight thousand people live in Ridgecrest .
tr	I	Tom came to invite Steve , who decided to tag along , and the team was going to lunch .
tr	I	It 's never been proven , but as for the latter , I 've speculated that other realities might exist .
tr	O	She looked as perfect as ever , and I decided that it had all been me , seeing what I wanted to see .
tr	I	He couldn 't be sure , but Colin wanted to believe no one knew she was living here .
tr	I	We both fell and needless to say , I stumbled .
tr	O	I don 't know why this shocked me , given everything I 'd seen lately , but it did .
tr	O	All her classmates had gone home and she was the only one left .
tr	I	I 'd take advantage of it while we were together , but it was weird that I missed him when he wasn 't by my side .
tr	I	I was too strong for him , but his muscles fought to regain control .
tr	I	His deep set eyes shone with triumph and he glanced up at me .
tr	O	The two girls giggled , and Infinity shook her head .
tr	O	Dr. Saint 's last comment caught me off guard and I hurried through the door , feeling very uncomfortable .
tr	I	Fiji could tell he didn 't feel it , but he said that .
tr	I	Cara could tell there was something more , and he grew silent .
tr	I	They were trying to accept the defeat of their lovers , and none of them expected their husbands to survive through the night .
tr	O	He looks at me , and his expression is hard .
tr	O	The challenge area went silent for a long moment , and we all stared at each other .
tr	O	I 've never shared before , but I 'm guessing that a good roomie always knocks .
tr	O	No one objected and no one would tell tales .
tr	I	Nobody came out to see if I was all right , but they 'd seen the near hit-and-run .
tr	I	There was torch light again in the cave , and the darkness went away .
tr	I	Her vital signs checked before she was wheeled into a recovery room and once the doctors had finished the operation , Eloise was stitched up .
tr	I	He knew it wasn 't a happy one , but yes , she had a smile on her face .
tr	I	Her mood seemed to have changed and Della glanced over to the door .
tr	I	It kind of injured his pride , but he 'd never admit it .
tr	O	There was some exceptional graffiti on the walls but it was darker , damper .
tr	O	It 's not much , but it 's enough .
tr	O	Lee sat down beside him and Marlowe held up an open bag with sandwiches .
tr	O	Chuck slammed the passenger door in the front , and they sped away .
tr	I	That was all , but Amy 's car was there .
tr	O	People 's tastes were expanding and there was a large immigrant community who were open to new food options .
tr	O	As usual , Luke had the fireplace going , but she couldn 't shake the chill she felt .
tr	I	Most men aren 't , but he 's not very practical .
tr	I	A rush of heat washed over Eliot 's face , and clouds of opaque smoke billowed into the small room .
tr	I	She pulled away from me , her eyes shooting darts at me , and I walked over to her .
tr	I	She turned to glare at it and her doorbell chimed .
tr	I	He cut her off , but she opened her mouth .
tr	O	For just a moment I wondered if I had dreamed the bat , but no , I was certain I hadn 't .
tr	I	I would stick to it , and I made the right choice .
tr	I	She didn 't want to kiss him , but the perfect answer would be that yes , she liked kissing .
tr	O	Rachel had known he wouldn 't be pleased , but she hadn 't expected the reaction she got .
tr	I	He caught a glimpse of anxious vulnerability in her eyes as she tried to explain and amazingly she blushed .
tr	O	It was lashed to the three tallest stones , and Nita 's eyes opened wide at each new detail as it was revealed .
tr	O	I plan to ask Dallas to come with us , but I doubt she 'll leave Cas .
tr	I	A soft light shone from within , and a door to her right stood open .
tr	O	Her body was his violin and he played her like a master .
tr	I	He once again put it to good use , and the lighter he carried had reminded him of her .
tr	I	For a second I was afraid it would make him angry with me all over again , and I had forgotten to tell him that .
tr	O	I 'd be worried she was dead , but she keeps muttering incoherently in her sleep .
tr	I	Now you have to let it go , and I killed it .
tr	O	Ava flinched from him when he reached up to take the bandana out of her mouth , and Ty belatedly saw the bruise forming on her cheekbone .
tr	I	It did not sit well on unaccustomed stomachs , but this diet actually contained twice as much protein by weight as beefsteak .
tr	O	Tash coos , hugging me , but I just feel a pang .
tr	O	The new semester was beginning and she had an early class .
tr	O	Her hands stop and she looks up at me with a baffled expression .
tr	I	Stone was everything that Chance was not ... dark , mysterious , dangerous , but chance was a great guy .
tr	I	With her gone , his heart was broken , and the only one who could hurt him now was Kateri .
tr	I	She couldn 't make her feet move , but he moved aside to let her in .
tr	I	The woman was lifting her left foot to drag it away and within a fraction of a second it was bundled around her ankles .
tr	O	I grinned at him and I saw Anna rolling her eyes .
tr	O	The carrier lifts , and consciousness flees .
tr	I	The skies had been heavily patrolled by the enemy , and Amara had been too weary for full flight .
tr	O	Some wounds had been bad , but none felt this cold .
tr	O	The orchestra began playing again , and rows of dancers were forming .
tr	O	He 'd come for her and that felt pretty damn good .
tr	I	I blanched , and said Hades quietly .
tr	I	We burst out laughing with Zane just standing there shaking his head and Sidney grinned at me .
tr	I	Bones wasn 't kneeling in defeat , but Louis let out a triumphant laugh .
tr	I	For now , I 'm heading south through Virginia , but eventually I 'm going to make my way to the ocean .
tr	O	I 'd try to escape , but I didn 't want him manhandling me again .
tr	O	She joined the other two and they stood facing each other .
tr	O	They tried to assure him that the police were needed but he just wanted to sit on the ground right where he was .
tr	O	Maybe all along he 'd suspected , but he hadn 't wanted to know .
tr	O	As I started wondering how to get hold of it , I realised that all my fear had evaporated , and I felt slightly triumphant .
tr	I	Her legs betrayed her but she made a valiant effort to get out of bed .
tr	I	Whoever does will face Archangel , and no one has tunneled in yet .
tr	O	Matt shrugged , and Karen rolled her eyes .
tr	O	His voice was flat and he spoke in spurts .
tr	O	Jacob pushed in the conference room first and I followed him , pulling on a brave face .
tr	I	I knew I should be grateful for having had Tristan beside me and the bond we shared had seen me through my mother 's ordeal .
tr	I	Of course I didn 't have my stationery with me , but I automatically thought of writing thank-you notes .
tr	O	Not just Garvey 's , but multiple people getting louder .
tr	O	He had liked it at first , but now it was just getting monotonous .
tr	I	He got me big time and Jason could be so annoying .
tr	O	It was dangerous , but I could do my own thing most of the time .
tr	I	She is not happy at all with it and like she sees someone looking back at her .
tr	I	He appeared and I asked my mind to show me what was in my way .
tr	O	They 'd taken a little tour at the party , and they 'd seen the servants ' wing .
tr	O	He zippered the bag closed and slung it over his shoulder .
tr	O	Hoppy 's knees wobbled and he took a breath .
tr	I	When she gazed into his blue eyes , she was sixteen again , but she wanted to say something witty .
tr	O	I swore it couldn 't be any later than mid-afternoon , yet it was getting dark .
tr	I	She nodded , and asked Ted .
tr	I	He glanced over at the nightstand and before he could stand , her phone rang .
tr	I	I hadn 't been willing to do the things that might hurt , but my love for Seth was no less than his for me .
tr	O	A column , supporting the roof , stopped her progress and she reversed course , moving back to where she started .
tr	O	It 'd be weeks before he returned anything I gave him , and then it was with nasty , unhelpful comments .
tr	I	I 'd seen it in their eyes , but no human had ever said it to me .
tr	O	He 'd signed on for a year , and he knew he must honor that .
tr	I	I had found that in Kaspar , just for a second , and all I had was the desire to be wanted ; to be cared about .
tr	I	Joshua 's body was taken away - forever , and a cloth was pulled over Joshua 's body .
tr	I	A slight lift in his brow displayed his surprise and when she said nothing , his eyes narrowed .
tr	O	It came for him as it always will , and he wasn 't ready .
tr	I	That didn 't seem to matter , but she didn 't have metal to Push against .
tr	I	Everything bothered him more than it should have , but this bothered him more than it should have .
tr	O	None was provided , and her mouth stayed dry as she wept at its absence .
tr	I	The stereo 's volume joined in harmony and the heater was on full blast .
tr	I	He was too scared he would get careless again , but his need for the high was great .
tr	I	I 'm getting tired of traveling , but I like it .
tr	O	I immediately felt guilty , and I slouched toward her .
tr	O	He took Daisy 's bag and they made their way to the London platform .
tr	I	The sight of her anguish breaks my heart , and they 're brimming with tears .
tr	I	My gaze followed his and Deacon nodded at the bathroom door .
tr	I	I kissing in Hyde Park and I stopped as I saw my name blazing on the television screen with an old picture of Luke .
tr	O	Movement tended to draw the eye , and there were many bodies below him .
tr	I	Then , evidently concluding she was not a problem , they went back to prowling the underbrush , and the trio regarded her for a long moment .
tr	O	I know you are worried , but if he is at your place he doesn 't have access to the things he has here .
tr	O	It had to be after midnight , but Corinne was too anxious for sleep .
tr	I	Without the anguish she caused all of you , and she could have made her point without risk to herself .
tr	O	Luna wanted to stand but her fear was great enough to hold her on the spot .
tr	O	Shards bit into her bare feet , but she paid scant attention to the pain .
tr	O	I wanted to scream in pain but my throat wouldn 't allow it .
tr	I	I answered the phone eagerly and Skylar immediately popped to mind .
tr	O	We stop , and he lets go of my hand .
tr	O	The danger was Greg , and Julie had to get him out of her life , out of her mother 's life .
tr	O	She did her best to keep walking , to nod , raise her hand in acknowledgement , but she kept on going .
tr	O	He nodded to the others , and each dropped their sacks .
tr	O	I 've been called a murderer many times since my father disappeared , but there 's never been any real truth behind it .
tr	O	She winced as its ribcage inflated to the size of a barrel but its shoulders turned human .
tr	O	Fury encompassed her , and she clutched her hands into tight fists before launching herself at him .
tr	I	That did not signify , but she didn 't credit such lofty ambitions to her own pater .
tr	I	I can see the worry masking his expression and Connor looks up at me .
tr	I	That made me trust her even less , if that was possible , and she must have insisted on being here .
tr	O	one of the stoners asked , and I turned my attention back to them .
tr	I	She stood her ground , but Dahlia 's survival instincts shrieked at her to pull away .
tr	I	All of it seemed minor now , but Josh knew his time on earth was tough .
tr	I	It was local perfection but he tasted perfection with Turntable Poison .
tr	O	They were a powerful force , but Corinne knew firsthand that Dragos was not without his own power .
tr	O	Her hips swivel into my stomach as she rises to meet me , and I withhold the smile waiting to take over .
tr	O	I don 't suppose you 've had time to notice , but there 've been a few changes in Orchard Valley .
tr	O	Drake contemplated her for a long moment , and then he nodded once .
tr	I	The interrogator taps his claws thoughtfully , processing the information , and Vel tells him what I 've said .
tr	I	She still struggled , yet that smile was her Waterloo .
tr	I	She was feeling a little irritated with him , and she had been on the edge of a doze when Clark pulled up at the unexpected fork .
tr	I	Before I know it I 'm in trouble and precious seconds are spent retrieving my sword .
tr	O	He raised his hand to knock , but his fist hung involuntarily in midair .
tr	I	Lately she had often been absent from both camps , but Sara was part of the team whenever possible .
tr	I	She shifted her gaze away and Heat rushed up her neck .
tr	I	Thomas turned back to Will in utter speculation , and Gabriel skipped ahead , suddenly light as a lark .
tr	I	He walked in close behind me , as if trying to crowd me so I couldn 't run back outside , and my door swung open .
tr	I	He was going to stand by her , but maybe his family would hate him for it .
tr	O	He took both of her hands in his own , and his eyes became full of tender pleading .
tr	O	It was a fatigue he never could have anticipated , and he couldn 't figure out how to take the next step , to move beyond it .
tr	I	I hoped they didn 't run into trouble , no random patrols lurking out of sight , but it was some distance .
tr	I	If he didn 't have something right now , he 'd die , and it was as if he 'd never eaten , never in his life .
tr	I	Ryan had barely slowed at all on impact , but he had no idea how fast he had been going when he had hit the water .
tr	O	She moved as soon as I lay down , and I was afraid I had woken her up .
tr	O	We got an ambulance , and I have one of our guys drive whoever goes on sick call over there .
tr	I	The other two professors pounce , and I rise to my feet .
tr	I	You can 't do it forever , but you 'll start off working long , crazy hours .
tr	I	The rage brought me to my feet again , but surely I should have died .
tr	O	That explained the delay in Eric 's calling me ... but it didn 't make me feel any better .
tr	I	A face appeared and the screen flickered .
tr	I	I touched them in the dream , feeling the dried encrusted blood , and several sores covered the bald spots .
tr	O	The tension in my body was mounting and I began to move faster , more frantic against his hand .
tr	O	I am sorry , but I must go .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but his eyes were saddened .
tr	I	Ashe hadn 't taken it well , and Jeremy had hurled a terrible insult at Ashe .
tr	O	That either meant she was getting margarita 'd - up , or she was just having a really , really good time .
tr	O	They stared for a moment , and the one in charge answered .
tr	I	He 's quick to turn the other way , and I shoot a hard look up at him .
tr	I	I need your touch to bring him in , but I 've done as much as I can .
tr	O	She looked up as Simon threw her an angry look , but she didn 't care .
tr	O	Different puzzle pieces snap into place , and they make a truth I never realized was there .
tr	O	The audience was now standing and the applause was thunderous .
tr	I	She was going to pick some things and she said there were winter vegetables outside in the garden .
tr	O	He was running late today , but he stubbornly decided to do what he could .
tr	O	No one could and that included assassins .
tr	I	I know you are as strong as you are brave , but I am saddened to hear that you were badly injured .
tr	I	I 'm shaking yet again and I sit in the shower until the water turns cold .
tr	O	The season began in mid-January , and he needed a strong start .
tr	I	I 'd like to think that you gave it to her while you were there , but I 'm not sure how mom got the bracelet exactly .
tr	O	I quietly lifted a heavy sword from a bracket on the wall and in one deft blow , I impaled them both .
tr	O	Their singing was far from perfect , but there was a force to it .
tr	I	She was sure he wasn 't aware of it , but his hold on Carol 's waist tightened almost painfully .
tr	I	He doesn 't realize how much people like him , but he has a ton of friends .
tr	I	They weren 't icy cool like Holt 's , but my eyes were light colored , blue .
tr	O	My eyes well up at the thought , but I push it down .
tr	O	His voice sounded as aged as he looked , but the sense of power could not be overlooked .
tr	I	She was insistent , but in his panic , he shoved her thoughts away .
tr	O	Jenna met us at the door and I cringed when she put her hand on Jack 's arm as she spoke .
tr	O	He got into the truck and she was hidden from view .
tr	O	I didn 't look as scary as I had hoped , but it was pretty good .
tr	O	We met up with Alex outside my room and she opened the portal so I didn 't have to use my magic .
tr	O	I 'll just tell you and you decide .
tr	I	It was difficult to tell which side we ought to stand on and the lines were getting blurry .
tr	I	She almost didn 't take it , and he offered his hand to Willow .
tr	O	I need to know what 's going on and I can 't always be in the loop .
tr	I	I worked to keep my face impassive , and several heads swiveled in my direction .
tr	O	Bobo raised his face to look at Darcy , and I saw tears on his face .
tr	O	Eli had only travelled to the canyons once , and that was long ago .
tr	I	Before he knew it time for lunch had come around and the latter caught his attention .
tr	O	He 'd been given a second chance , and it was one he would not squander .
tr	I	He wouldn 't have stopped either , but he wouldn 't have taken pleasure in it .
tr	I	He nodded once , and his eyes searched mine .
tr	I	Forms continued to be ambiguous , but a full-color palette returned .
tr	I	A peal of thunder sounded from behind us , giving the whole moment a gothic feel that made me laugh , and a few seconds passed .
tr	I	Her lips moved , like she was trying to say something and our eyes met .
tr	O	You 're hired help , and I assume at some point you will be paid .
tr	O	Piper 's brows were still furrowed but I could see she was starting to catch on .
tr	O	I worried it might be too much too soon , but when I tried to dissuade her again , she only pulled me closer .
tr	O	The snow had stopped falling , and the wind had picked up , hardening the slush to slick ice .
tr	I	He took no note of it , but a light shone against his eyelids , a dim , distant light .
tr	I	Reacher was a professional , and Surprise was strictly for amateurs .
tr	I	He continued , but a wave of nausea swept through Seldon .
tr	O	An image of Fi 's lime green glitter eye shadow popped to mind , but I shoved it aside .
tr	O	He knew that there were time constraints , but he was caught up in the story .
tr	O	When the guards were sure I was unarmed , they stepped back and I continued inside .
tr	O	She might seem tough to the world , as if she had it all together , but Shane knew the insecurities she dealt with .
tr	I	There was something about this girl that unsettled her , but Sarah couldn 't put her finger on why .
tr	I	His words had been kind and his hands had been gentle .
tr	I	Let 's assume he has stayed put , but there are other paths , other destinations , of course .
tr	I	She wondered if he owned a comb and his bright orange hair was in disarray .
tr	I	He didn 't know how long this was going to take and he was feeling peckish .
tr	O	Emma 's chest constricted , and she almost couldn 't breathe .
tr	O	I stood there staring at the rising steam and I wished I could have Dean with me .
tr	I	I 'm sure it involved me , somehow , but I had no idea what the conversation entailed .
tr	O	She had been paid for the technology , and the company held the patents .
tr	I	She 'd already been gone too long , and Sam would be waking up soon .
tr	I	There 's no way Kyle would have thought she was still a bird and Liam would 've been used to Elizabeth 's energy signature .
tr	I	The child scrunched its face , too , and she made a scrunched up face .
tr	O	The silver leaves rustled and she glanced up at their whispering .
tr	I	He chuckled and I asked .
tr	O	His eyes bugged out and he waved his hands around .
tr	O	Chasing through the timbered hills with the pack could be exciting , but it could also be dangerous .
tr	O	He 'd made the mistake of voicing his concerns , and Mary Jo had nearly bitten his head off .
tr	O	I begged them for days to discharge me and when they finally did , I bolted out of there .
tr	O	Silvio murmured a polite response , but his eyes never left the small screen .
tr	O	She nodded , and her smile warmed at last .
tr	I	Each day became harder to deal with , and three weeks went by without another word from him .
tr	I	I 'm sorry to say they 're both a disappointment to me , and my children are grown .
tr	O	He had warned me about this , and I agreed to try .
tr	I	The surprise was overwhelming , but he probably possessed the ability to maintain his grip .
tr	I	I answer eagerly , and my phone rings .
tr	O	I 'd always found ghosts really scary , but they were easier to face in fiction than Mrs. Bethany was in the flesh .
tr	I	I needed the money from the sale , but I was loath to drive a stolen car an hour away .
tr	O	A tremor was spreading through her , chilling her from the inside out , and her throat was so tight it was hard to breathe .
tr	O	He held open the door for her , and Toby , who had remained to see his brother off , helped him load in the steamer trunks .
tr	O	You 've never been the same since it happened , but Clary isn 't Jonathan .
tr	I	It startled her , and she heard the determination in his voice , along with something else which she didn 't know .
tr	I	He promised he wanted to raise the baby like his own and he said he 'd always loved me .
tr	O	Regan had done a good job getting reinforcements to Kostas 's warehouse , but now they needed a full-out strategy .
tr	I	I can feel it pumping through me , but I don 't want to hope .
tr	O	The guys didn 't look intimidated , but her stomach was in knots .
tr	I	All were too likely for my comfort , but none of the ideas were very fun .
tr	I	Her apartment building didn 't allow them , and her grandparents wouldn 't think of it .
tr	I	It glitters , and this one covers the whole face .
tr	O	It played the theme to Swan Lake , but I didn 't know at the time what the song was .
tr	I	I hardly know where to start , but questions pop into my head .
tr	I	He was ready for it and the door flew toward him .
tr	O	She needed the truth , and he 'd give it to her .
tr	I	The smoke diminished and chokes were released .
tr	I	All he did was shake his head , but she waited for Charles to say something .
tr	I	No doubt they were on the same page , but words became jumbled in between .
tr	I	They didn 't move that fast , and there weren 't that many lines .
tr	I	He laughed and I looked up at him in amazement .
tr	I	People took me for a show , and I just acted naturally .
tr	O	Grayson smiled , and Alec laughed .
tr	I	We 'll talk more this night and ' Sleep now .
tr	O	She wasn 't as strong as Lili , but there was something else .
tr	O	She wasn 't hurt , as it was only a sponge , but she got green fuzz all over her hair .
tr	O	They were meant for horseback riding , and more importantly , they looked good .
tr	I	She recognized some of them as Skylar 's and Memories from the others danced through her consciousness .
tr	I	The last place Nikki wanted to be was at the club but it was almost time to leave for work .
tr	I	We eventually popped out onto another beach and he led us further into the forest .
tr	I	Lexi started , and her cell vibrated in her hand .
tr	O	My eyelids grew heavy and I was having trouble keeping them open .
tr	I	Her eyes widened with delighted surprise and when she saw Surreal , her scowl vanished .
tr	O	I look at him and he appears extremely uncomfortable .
tr	I	He believed that , but Max didn 't believe in much .
tr	I	I bring her up with me as I stand , and my grip on Rachel tightens .
tr	I	I could hear it behind us , but I hadn 't yet seen it .
tr	O	We circled around to the front again , and I worked hard to summon my enthusiasm .
tr	I	Vampires walk in fear of him , but you do not know his reputation .
tr	O	Exhaustion finally overcame him and in minutes he was unconscious , oblivious to the storm around him .
tr	I	An elevator door opened from behind a hidden wall panel and a bell rang .
tr	I	To let it go but once he 'd settled , he found himself with no choice .
tr	O	When I woke up , the house was on fire and I escaped when the floor burned out from underneath me .
tr	I	I dug my nails into his back , clawing at him in growing need and another suction made my panting break on a cry .
tr	I	He couldn 't be sure but they seemed to be roads .
tr	O	Creatures of all kinds had been free , and dragons had been the companions of humans .
tr	O	She was shining , but she was dead .
tr	I	The guilt is killing me , but my story stays the same .
tr	O	My voice is trembling , but I don 't stop .
tr	O	blurted from his red face and he grabbed his stomach .
tr	O	The health-care plan was dead by the end of 2011 , and the president seemed to have lost control of the government .
tr	O	She wrote to her brother Steven , hoping to recruit him , but Steven replied that he couldn 't get leave from his regiment .
tr	O	He passed me drinks and I took them .
tr	I	I didn 't really know what that would accomplish , but well , part of me wanted to .
tr	O	If that was Marbury , he was early , and now she had no time to freshen up .
tr	I	She kept whimpering and her face was deathly pale .
tr	I	The ache ran deep , blooming in her chest , but she ached for him .
tr	I	I was trying to focus my vision ; but my vision started getting blurry as if I were trying to focus a camera .
tr	I	It happened and I just thought about her .
tr	I	He was not one of the gods of Saran , and the people of Nu Pike were worshiping one god .
tr	I	I blessed him with that life , and the Creator sent him to me .
tr	I	Her curiosity urged her to stay , but her instincts told her to run .
tr	I	For some reason I couldn 't receive it , but she sent me a picture of one of her paintings .
tr	O	Gregory sat down too , and Carter Groom took the last chair .
tr	O	I receive another text which I expect to be Elle , but it 's from an unknown number .
tr	O	They left Oakridge in good spirits , and at first all had gone swimmingly .
tr	O	The only thing we could do was bring the war to them , and that left us with two choices .
tr	O	They tried to wait until the children reached puberty , but the fear of Creating was so great they did it earlier .
tr	I	I 'd been manicured - and the blood was gone .
tr	O	We can make time pass slower , but it won 't help .
tr	I	He eventually rose from the grave himself , and Jesus went around offering people eternal life .
tr	O	The look in the creature 's eyes moderated a bit , but it was still full of distrust .
tr	O	The clouds parted below me and I saw land .
tr	I	Everything she did was from the heart , and she didn 't have an angle .
tr	O	He sucked in a deep breath and I wondered if I had hurt him with my words .
tr	I	He knew he was one of the biggest , and he suspected she would use any weapon that came her way in her battles with her husband .
tr	O	He seemed stunned for a second , and then his arms swept around my waist .
tr	O	I had no idea how well a minister of war would be paid , but I was surprised that the home was not larger .
tr	O	He gave me a little shove , and I toppled onto the covers .
tr	O	She picked a few dresses for her mother off the rack and after Annie grudgingly tried them on , they agreed on one .
tr	O	Asphalt grabbed Cliff 's bag and slung it easily over his shoulder .
tr	I	They 'd all come and he 'd tell everybody .
tr	O	Her gifts were good , but it 's nothing like the e-reader .
tr	O	We just saw Caleb 's mom and she 's as ever .
tr	I	I 'm hurt as well , but Xander 's eyes look hurt .
tr	O	Because already it was too late and the old familiar tale had begun .
tr	O	Renée tried to stop me but with great strength I smashed the brush against one of the glass slippers .
tr	I	The sleeves fitted her arms all the way down to her wrists and the bodice had a square cut neckline .
tr	O	Her mouth drops open , but no sound comes out .
tr	I	At the very least , I 'll be your friend , but I can 't guarantee anything else .
tr	I	This was definitely him and I 'd seen pictures of Rick from twenty years ago .
tr	I	His question had been the opposite of that , but at first I thought he was going to hit on me .
tr	I	Your health needs to come first , but I know that there are reasons .
tr	I	I nodded all the same , but I didn 't understand .
tr	O	A vaguely nauseous feeling settled in the pit of my stomach , and for a panicked moment , I thought I would throw up .
tr	I	I declined , stubbornly insisting that I walk my ass down to the clinic , but MC offered to carry me .
tr	I	I wasn 't certain I could carry the baby , but I should have told you right away , when the doctor confirmed it .
tr	I	He 'd heard that she was on track to becoming one of the highest paid defense lawyers in the area , and Sophie was smart , driven .
tr	O	Leaving the supermarket , we struck for Richard 's house , and this time I walked with a bounce in my step .
tr	I	They took him from us , and he was a great man , perhaps the greatest of men .
tr	I	I 'd lay it all out , and I would take him to the swing set at the elementary school next door .
tr	I	My brow creases , and my eyes glance at the guns at my side .
tr	I	He walked in directly behind us , but Dr. Wilson wasn 't in the room when we arrived .
tr	O	There was no doubt but they were dragging anchor .
tr	I	I hold it fast , so instead she twists her head sideways , but she tries to turn her chair to face mine .
tr	O	She dragged her son Charlie along to the event , and Charlie dragged Katrina .
tr	I	My stomach curled , and he glanced at Mallory .
tr	I	I 've arranged for another physician to look in on him , but I can 't leave the tournament .
tr	I	Xavier said that it was just a house , but David asked if he could be given a tour of the house .
tr	I	Several times required her sister 's assistance , and Alice wasn 't so sure , however .
tr	O	I reach behind her to unhook her bra and the straps immediately fall off her shoulders .
tr	O	I was dragged into a building , and I immediately knew where I was .
tr	O	He had no proof she had stolen him , and it had been so long since they had first met in Jamaica .
tr	I	That will lead to rumors and too many people will talk .
tr	O	There are no helpful updates on the television , but the alley seems as thick with refugees as the previous morning .
tr	I	Isaac clamped his mouth shut , and Judy approached with their dinners .
tr	O	Daniel threw Fellows an apologetic look , but Fellows didn 't comment .
tr	O	There were no pupils in her eyes , but I could sense the fear in her .
tr	I	He 'd failed , but he 'd tried not to give in to his lust .
tr	I	She had to go through several contortions to zip up her jeans , and a lot of her clothes didn 't anymore .
tr	O	Billy ran to me and clung to my legs .
tr	I	I wait for more to come and my hand stops .
tr	O	He hoped so , but he really didn 't know how powerful Eric was .
tr	I	It was very loud and the room was crowded .
tr	I	He felt as if Hope was finally exactly where she was supposed to be , and his eyes closed .
tr	O	The accent was thick , but the words were clear .
tr	O	She looked at Chase and he nodded .
tr	I	They begin their work and the vile creature is surrounded by the scanner projectors .
tr	I	Flights were difficult for some people , but I wasn 't one to promote sharing medicine .
tr	I	We all launched ourselves into the sky , watching as the building was quickly engulfed in an infernal and I pulled away from Taylor .
tr	O	He 'd avenged Mary 's death , but it brought him no joy .
tr	O	Gretchen could see the dry washes below and cacti sprouting from impossibly sheer cliff ledges .
tr	I	Lucy was so obviously not her usual self , but we sat in our usual seats in the front .
tr	O	She felt a brief moment of pain and she heard a vicious snarl at the same time she could have sworn she heard the tearing of flesh .
tr	I	The smarmy little smiles she shot me told me all I needed to know , but she never said anything about our altercation .
tr	I	She lost her balance , and Jack 's voice tore through Claire 's concentration .
tr	I	I could not zig-zag very well and it flew out beneath my feet .
tr	I	He obviously wasn 't willing to end it and there must be something going on between them .
tr	I	That had meant nothing to him , and Cassie had been his baby girl , too .
tr	I	His hand in my hair tightened , and I rocked my h * ps against him .
tr	O	Gabriel stirred , a ripple of muscle , no more , but it was intimidating .
tr	O	Cole reached for the door , but an invisible hand grabbed his .
tr	I	He pointed toward the ceiling , and Francisco 's dark eyes twinkled .
tr	I	A few papers blowing lazily up the gutter and where it had stood there was only curbing .
tr	O	Time evaporates as he gets absorbed into the work , and the early morning dissolves .
tr	O	Alexia propped Prudence on one hip and together they went to explore the ship .
tr	I	I do slow my pace , but I don 't answer him .
tr	O	I wanted honesty and she was it .
tr	O	Stupid , stupid , stupid ... Jamie had tried to discourage him , but he didn 't listen .
tr	O	I froze in a fight , and I mean really froze .
tr	O	I wanted to sink under water , drown in my grief , but it wouldn 't let me .
tr	I	She knew he felt the shivers his touch caused but Eva tried very hard .
tr	O	The train would take me directly into the city , but once I was there , I would have no other direction to follow .
tr	I	Carol waited , and there was a moment of silence .
tr	I	They would respect our love ; but the world would adore him too .
tr	O	I mean your kid wants to take gymnastics lessons , and your husband can 't even afford that ?
tr	O	I wish I could spend more time with him , but he always asks me to leave after a while .
tr	O	His face was grim , but when he caught me looking at him , he looked away .
tr	O	The Official she was watching earlier has moved closer to us , but she doesn 't notice .
tr	O	The first sounds of revelry were heard from afar and within minutes we could see the first enemy village .
tr	O	Jenna couldn 't think of anything at all , except that her feet were cold , but she was too embarrassed to take her boots off .
tr	O	Its walls painted green , and a sense of ease sweeps over me .
tr	I	It turned into a moan when he put his fingers inside me again , but I almost screamed at him .
tr	I	His expression was closed , but he nodded .
tr	O	She still shook her head , but the disbelief left her expression .
tr	O	His gaze dropped to my mouth , and those blue eyes darkened with lust .
tr	O	I didn 't know who I was , but I wasn 't used to such confinement .
tr	O	My heart starts pounding and I pray that I don 't have another one of those panic attacks .
tr	O	Everyone was amused by this , but once again , I wasn 't sure I got the joke .
tr	I	He quivered , and I trailed my fingernails through the curls , up the inside of his thighs .
tr	I	Hanging spaces , to make sure nothing had been left behind , and Bobby searched all the drawers .
tr	I	With a curse he leaped to the side , his tail twitching , and the lightning flashed toward him .
tr	I	The two women shut themselves in Cassidy 's bedroom so Iona could change , and Cassidy offered to lend Iona some clothes .
tr	O	There were not many human guards at the warehouse , and they kept out of sight .
tr	O	She stared at him , too frightened to speak , but even had she found her voice , what could she say ?
tr	O	He stared at his natural son with a face that was sad to the point of tears , but no tears flowed .
tr	I	She squinted against the light and finally her eyelids flickered open .
tr	O	I breath , heavily , and he shakes his head .
tr	O	His tongue thrust past her lips , and he kissed her like there was no tomorrow .
tr	O	He said he had left the door locked and I knew he would have .
tr	I	Thousands had simply starved to death , and supplies had run dry .
tr	I	They rarely gave landing instructions , but the spaceport monitored all traffic .
tr	O	The dorm room was pretty small but it seemed comfortable .
tr	O	She could 've used the actual date instead of Clay 's age , but she wanted to remind Lucas of the little boy he 'd abandoned .
tr	O	Hugh 's appreciation for the man had grown as time had passed , and he often confided in Haworth .
tr	I	Gradually he was beginning to enjoy it and he had found a link to his childhood .
tr	O	Tony knew as well , but they were keeping the secret for the moment .
tr	I	His hands dropped , pulling her down as fingers dragged in her hair and his beautiful eyes rolled back into his head .
tr	O	Then she drew a breath , and her eyes widened even further .
tr	I	I continued , after another swig of beer , but Aisha was about to say something .
tr	O	I believed I was right and everyone else wasn 't .
tr	O	She said it was pickled plums , and we could eat them on the way there .
tr	I	I know you don 't feel that way but what I want to do is throw my arms around you .
tr	I	To work through it and the pain I had felt the last time I pushed it was something the therapist said I should expect .
tr	O	Matt stopped , feeling sicker , and Seth stood at his side .
tr	O	I 'll never get out like this , but I refuse to let them walk me to my death .
tr	O	She wanted to take a step back , but she wouldn 't give him the satisfaction of seeing her rattled .
tr	I	She seemed more interested in the high risers than us talking about being wasted and I glanced over at Bryn .
tr	O	Whoever it was seemed to have vanished ... or he was hiding somewhere in the house .
tr	O	He nods as I slip my hand into his and he pulls me toward him .
tr	O	Of course , he wouldn 't actually be safe there , but history would .
tr	O	Most of the blood had dried , closing the wound , but some of it had worked its way into her hair .
tr	I	Something had locked in her throat , but other questions wanted to burst out of her .
tr	I	Each took a long one and they figured out how to get the shower working .
tr	O	His vision blurred and he couldn 't take in enough air , his throat closing .
tr	I	Her husband had been adamant about it , but she never wanted to run a farm .
tr	I	His eyes grew wide and Danvers looked down .
tr	O	They laid the wooden shell into the deep pit as Catalina sobbed and Claudio held her .
tr	O	The high from this is different , and I don 't know what to think .
tr	I	He crushed her to his chest and she shivered even though she was flushed .
tr	I	She made no move to get in , but he opened the passenger door for her .
tr	I	We enjoy being out of the house and I get a strawberry milkshake .
tr	I	She was unsure about telling Jenna , but she knew what the letters meant .
tr	I	It wasn 't finding any and my mind was grabbing for good news .
tr	I	The undertow dragged him out to sea , and it was most likely then that Nicky was thrown out of the car , probably unconscious .
tr	O	The cookout had been over for hours and he had been a complete no show .
tr	I	She remained in a heap , weeping , but the footman tried to coax Grace to her feet .
tr	I	He knew it , and he looked good .
tr	I	Carlo tried again and she stirred slightly .
tr	I	The special ends in two weeks if that 's fine , but we have one special at present .
tr	I	Then she lifted her head from my chest , and we moved in a circle , not speaking .
tr	I	She answered in kind , and some of them spoke the Navajo language to her .
tr	O	The covens could really use their strength , but she was fairly positive McNair wouldn 't dream of giving up his liberty .
tr	I	Nathan puts the key in his palm and Isaac holds out his hand to Nathan .
tr	O	He reached for me , groping with his talons , and I fled along the top of the bank .
tr	O	I 'm getting a little annoyed again , and Flynn seems to sense it .
tr	O	I 'll spend a bit of time with you both , but then I 'll need to head down to the restaurant .
tr	I	Back forcing him to pull his eyes away and a cold prickle ran up Jacobs ' neck .
tr	I	You never know with these people , but I doubt she will .
tr	I	Sam jerked me away and he reached out to touch me .
tr	O	Liza was sleeping up in the front , and her little noises were driving me insane .
tr	I	At least it kept the rain off Jack 's face , but the slicker offered little protection .
tr	O	Now the young knight was able to use offensive strategies , and his incredible speed was his advantage .
tr	O	He met her eyes , and she could see something in them .
tr	O	There are some protests in the crowd , but Aria 's anger seems to keep the majority of voices at bay .
tr	I	Elena thought she had better speed things up , and Meredith 's hands were bal ing into fists .
tr	O	He thought that he knew the reason of what he inwardly called this bit of temper , and she was particularly fascinating to him at this moment .
tr	O	My palms sweat , and my knees tremble .
tr	I	She didn 't look back , but Thomas looked at Brenda .
tr	O	Officially he 's Saucy Lady 's Naughty Boy , but we won 't use the entire handle around the barn .
tr	I	I 'm used to being responsible for holding it all by myself and it 's like there 's a certain amount of stress appointed to every situation .
tr	O	The outdoor ventures were extended further and soon Alex knew all the surrounding areas .
tr	O	I didn 't have a pimp , and nobody was looking for me .
tr	I	I swallowed hard , resisting the urge to yell and the burn started to scream down my entire body .
tr	O	His head lowered and his lips locked around her aching nipple .
tr	O	He killed the lights , and soft shadows settled around us .
tr	I	Our skins were growing slick with rain and the trees were no longer protecting us .
tr	O	He slowly lowered his head , and his eyes never left mine .
tr	I	Her heart beat slightly faster , and Echo felt her own eyes widen .
tr	O	He slides his fingers around my wrist and the brush of his skin against mine melts my muscles like hot dripping butter .
tr	I	When I scratched at it , it started to bleed , and a mole on the back of my calf started to itch .
tr	O	The man laughed and the sound had an almost magical effect on Dan .
tr	I	I want nothing more than to lean into it , and she 's done that since I was a kid .
tr	O	A Santa was holding court on his throne and the line was moving very slowly .
tr	I	She found it funny , and she could feel his confusion .
tr	O	You can argue until you 've lost your voice , but it won 't help .
tr	I	Our case workers were called , and CHAPTER 16 The police had the ambulances take all of us to the hospital to be checked out .
tr	O	I called out to her , and she ran down the hall .
tr	I	The practical part of my brain had shut down a while ago , but part of me wanted to run .
tr	O	I bought him a burger for lunch yesterday and he scarfed it down in about three bites .
tr	O	Something hadn 't been right when he 'd left but he couldn 't think what had gone wrong .
tr	O	My voice was raspy , and I clenched my fists .
tr	O	Now he had her with him , but even that wasn 't what he 'd hoped .
tr	I	The blackness comes , as it always does and the light fades away .
tr	O	He used his tongue to flick my clit and I moaned .
tr	O	Tomorrow , we are going to be waiting , and the boat not moving .
tr	I	For a moment I was sure I was going to fall again , but I knew I was being pulled back into the building .
tr	I	He thought I was nothing ; that I was ordinary , but not only did he not want to be with me .
tr	I	Her eyes narrowed on me , and she stepped into the room .
tr	I	It scares you and you 're close to losing her over this .
tr	I	Donald stepped inside and the door opened .
tr	I	Barry had been fully prepared to take it by force if he was caught , but it was bold .
tr	O	Magnetism was the key to saving the world , but it could also lead to Cutter 's downfall .
tr	O	I try to pull it down like he did with mine , but he literally does not budge .
tr	O	She raised me when my father took off and my mother started drinking .
tr	O	The good doctor was running more tests , but as of now , Dallas was stable .
tr	O	He had decided on a generalised approach , and the first attempt had not yet borne fruit .
tr	I	I saw everything -- I mean everything , and the water turned crystal clear !
tr	I	I would find her , and she would find it .
tr	I	She put her hand on the girls arm , and Mana turned to face her .
tr	I	Garrett looked over at the grill , and she giggled .
tr	I	I leave not a trace , and I cannot be seen .
tr	O	He was smiling when he made the last remark but he knew it would come to be .
tr	I	In a matter of minutes we passed over the second bridge , and it was too early for anyone to be on the streets .
tr	O	I turn on my side facing Jasmine and I listen to her steady breathing after I finally persuade her to sleep in the bed with me .
tr	O	I knew bringing it up again was pointless but I had to .
tr	O	I wanted to say something to him , but the words caught in my throat .
tr	I	He frowned , and I rolled my eyes .
tr	I	She would be as professional as he was , and this was a job interview , of course .
tr	O	She threw up her hands in exasperation and he caught her chin in his hand .
tr	O	His rough outer exterior might have changed , but she 'd know that gravelly tone anywhere .
tr	I	A flicker of playfulness appeared in his gaze , and our eyes connected .
tr	I	Then , she was called by Alonso , and Lea continued with her work in the gym .
tr	O	The enemy archer had not slackened her pace , and her shafts only became more accurate as the distance closed .
tr	O	He wore a mask that wrapped around his eyes , but the brilliant blue color of his irises refused to be contained by it .
tr	I	We followed and Jones led .
tr	I	His face was a match to Nikolai 's in that moment , but Alexei was a businessman , not a hockey player .
tr	O	His suit coat hung over the back of a chair , and his bow tie was loose around his neck .
tr	I	It had a steel bar across the front , but the thing wasn 't locked .
tr	O	With great deliberation she reached to draw the glove from her right hand , and for the first time , Tessa saw her bare hand .
tr	O	Timothy 's gray eyes went still , but they revealed no surprise .
tr	I	He heard him swear , and Ben was behind him .
tr	I	She could recognize catastrophic damage when she saw it , but Nine wasn 't a biologist .
tr	I	I loved his determination and I loved his self-doubt .
tr	O	Guilt edged her mind , but she refused to accept it .
tr	O	It has been a pleasure to serve as your captain , and I want to thank you for flying Southwest Airlines .
tr	O	She pulled it , and the door swung open .
tr	O	Damian 's hand encircled Vira 's much smaller one , but he was surprised to see her so perfectly calm .
tr	O	Claire tries to talk to her but Abby doesn 't seem to want to let her get close .
tr	I	How distinctly different it was from the meat of the juicy sinewy bobcat , and he savored the raw flesh .
tr	O	The man wore Whitney 's face , but no way was that him .
tr	O	He didn 't like it , but he settled against his pillows .
tr	O	She could clean ... but she had already done that too .
tr	I	He laughs at me and I tell him so .
tr	O	Life hadn 't been so easy lately , but he could have been stuck near Rand .
tr	O	Their skin is a lot darker , like Marci 's was , and they have lost a lot of weight .
tr	O	Such a mundane thing to happen to a werewolf , but it killed him just as dead as any human .
tr	O	Iris could have been here , and we never would have known .
tr	O	His body continued to spasm and he fell to the floor .
tr	O	The big man had gone down fighting , but he 'd been no match at all .
tr	O	Her hands found his face , and she slanted her mouth over his , opening to him .
tr	I	I knew what I had to tell Tanner , but I wasn 't sure what answer I was going to give him .
tr	I	The rubber of his suit sticks to my skin and he gives me a quick hug .
tr	I	He was a baker and his name was John .
tr	O	He was positioned in the right direction , but there was nothing there .
tr	I	It smelled really fresh , and his cologne was carrying in the wind .
tr	I	You 're starting to look tired and we 're not watching this movie .
tr	I	He asked anyway , but he began to experience a horrible feeling about the thing in front of him .
tr	I	Magnus lifted his hands in mock surrender , and Jocelyn glared at him through her hair .
tr	O	I was sure my eyes were open , but I couldn 't make out any one object .
tr	O	He walked farther into the room and the door closed behind him .
tr	O	They had been on the run for days and it would be more difficult as their journey progressed .
tr	I	Tools were in their holsters by the workstations and mechanical arms stood at the ready .
tr	O	A smooth warm hand settled over hers , and Kevin 's breath spread across her cheek .
tr	I	Lynette 's mouth curved upward , and his resentful infatuation was touching .
tr	I	The hair at the nape of her neck bristled as she heard Rich walk toward her , and Jamie 's nerves were raw .
tr	O	Day had broken around us and the morning light seeped between the trees .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure what had just happened , but she needed to know if what she 'd seen was real .
tr	I	The sky is nearly black , the sunlight about to completely disappear behind the horizon and we have the air cranked up full blast .
tr	O	I 'd given him another round of pain medicine and he is on his back snoring .
tr	I	Keep your eyes open , but Keep quiet about it .
tr	O	CHAPTER 33 Georgie knew something was wrong because she 'd been through this once before , and that time , the baby had come right out .
tr	I	Alex catches me and my knees buckle .
tr	I	When his seeking fingers entered to caress , Sarah arched in pleasure sweeter than she had ever imagined , and this time there was no hesitation .
tr	I	A ball of flame appeared , and Sydney held out her palm .
tr	O	Strangely , he seemed a bit disappointed in her continued silence , but then he opened the book to the page he had marked .
tr	I	The air had an odd smell to it , and they looked like highly polished rock , actually .
tr	I	I don 't listen , but Sean 's voice is in my ear .
tr	O	This is very special to me and you know it .
tr	I	Ali was out with Nick , and it was later that afternoon .
tr	O	He had crunched himself down into a space about the size of a basketball and he stared at me with terrified eyes .
tr	O	The deck lurches beneath the technician 's feet and he has to steady himself on the console .
tr	O	Already exhaustion pulled at him beyond the sated satisfaction humming through every cell , but he didn 't want to miss anything .
tr	I	I should be screaming down the house for help and I haven 't decided if you 're a certified nutcase .
tr	O	I can get those on my own and apparently , you can too .
tr	I	He was playing for time , but a weak lie .
tr	I	It was enough , but his whole lecture probably didn 't exceed three sentences .
tr	O	She pulled at her hand but he didn 't release it .
tr	I	She did as he said , but Liliana glared daggers at her son .
tr	I	I got the feeling it had been running for a while , and it was panting hard .
tr	O	He put the eyepiece of the viewer to his eyes and his finger dealt delicately with the controls .
tr	I	They faded out of sight as quickly as they had appeared , but I reached out to touch them .
tr	O	He 'd just found her , and he wanted to keep her .
tr	O	Emma ran away when we all needed her , and she caused half this mess .
tr	O	Harry says and I whirl around at him .
tr	O	Of course she could always find another job , but she didn 't relish the thought .
tr	O	She doesn 't say it in the form of a question , but I answer anyway .
tr	I	He knew that giving himself that title would antagonize me enough to draw me into an argument , and he wanted to talk to me in private .
tr	O	I would love to tell you that the initial attraction was mutual , but I 'd be lying if I did .
tr	O	All her bravado had been wiped away and she was as limp as the towel she held in her hand .
tr	O	His rage is subsiding , however slowly , and now his heightened focus will carry him to victory .
tr	O	There are issues , yes , and I 'm not saying I don 't care about them , because I do .
tr	O	My phone vibrated , and I pulled it from my pocket .
tr	O	That would have been cowardly , and this man had seen her weak one too many times .
tr	I	He cracked up and I opened the door .
tr	I	She walks away with her head lowered and her shoulders slump forward .
tr	I	For one split second I was pleased by his reaction , and it was Neil 's turn to look at me in shock .
tr	I	I put my hands out to stop her and she started to take a step towards me .
tr	O	A finger dipped inside her , and she bucked off the bed .
tr	O	Take a deep breath and we 'll see if we can sort something out .
tr	O	My stepfather is still alive , still on the farm , but I haven 't seen him since I came home from the war .
tr	I	She was taking absolutely no chances , but it was a great embarrassment to be seen in public without her gloves .
tr	I	A bunch more were just plain terrible , but a couple things were pretty good .
tr	I	It was better than nothing , but it probably wouldn 't do much good .
tr	I	She had to catch herself from falling over and the cold air rushed her body from the loss of his warmth .
tr	I	They 've been in hiding , but we saw their ship arrive .
tr	O	The intruder is dead , and James is in jail .
tr	O	Staring at him probably wouldn 't do it , but I wasn 't going to take any chances .
tr	O	Phillip slipped back into his despondency , and Ambrose just continued to watch all the activity .
tr	O	I feel Onyx behind me again and he looks at me sympathetically .
tr	O	I reached for the ticket but it was too far away .
tr	I	I could see the manager was getting hooked in as well and real life had no part in this .
tr	I	There were no hotels in that village and she was happy to have us there .
tr	I	Neither of us says anything for a long while and Edward drives away .
tr	O	Three hours earlier Persian Gulf time , and evening of the eighteenth our time .
tr	I	I kept telling her to stop before she made my father mad , and she cried until she choked on her own tears .
tr	I	Something in her eyes was getting to me , but she shrugged again .
tr	I	They couldn 't discuss what had happened , but Adelaide exchanged a look with her mother .
tr	I	She told me not to worry , but I told Historia about my concerns .
tr	I	It will definitely be safer to travel together , and maybe people we would eventually have lost anyway .
tr	O	It worked pretty much exactly like Romy had said , and I had nearly tuned it out by the time the giant hedgehog rushed onto the court .
tr	I	As the older cousin , I would be blamed , and I knew our parents wouldn 't be happy .
tr	O	She couldn 't let the kid down again , and knowing Quentin , he probably already made promises .
tr	I	As Alpha he wasn 't going to let that happen , but the rash of recent killings could have destroyed many other packs .
tr	I	He has unfinished business , and the Reverend Harmon Smith has come back more than century after his last missionary trip .
tr	I	I faded from the scene and things started to go black .
tr	O	It was now hanging off , and the doors were ajar .
tr	O	It took only a few minutes to get the fire under control and soon everything was settled .
tr	I	Fin on Duncan 's left , and Cassy sat on her right .
tr	O	Dave backed down on the power , and we idled along , hugging the shore of the mainland north of Bridges Cay .
tr	I	There she was and Doctor Dumont pulled the lever again .
tr	I	His eyes ended up pleading instead , but he tried to make his face stern .
tr	I	By then , Torin had already vanished from the mirror , but she stepped out of the kitchen .
tr	O	I 'm not the one for this , and I refuse to take advantage of you .
tr	O	He sat still and he felt the anger leave him .
tr	O	Aden didn 't trust the man , but he slapped their palms together anyway .
tr	I	She concentrated on keeping up and the pygmies led the way into the forest .
tr	O	The door swished , and Nick flew down the stairs .
tr	I	There is only one of these which he is free to disobey but each man is at every moment subjected to several different sets of law .
tr	O	Just then there was a crashing behind her , and a voice cursing .
tr	I	The sails rippled , and the breeze slackened .
tr	O	It cost Lady Katherine a promise to receive the King 's uncle , and even so , what trust could she put in a young maid ?
tr	O	Okay , so his relationships usually self-destructed after about six months , but that didn 't mean he hadn 't tried .
tr	O	She doesn 't remember her dreams , but she still doesn 't sleep well .
tr	O	He took another step toward her and she took one back .
tr	O	He glanced around the room and I raised my hand again .
tr	I	She needed to distract herself while she had the time and there was an hour before he would be back .
tr	O	I flinched as my suspicions were confirmed , and I wanted to make him feel better .
tr	I	Sean opens his at exactly the same time , and I open my eyes .
tr	O	There are only a certain number of deer on the mountain and the herd stays at a sustainable size if we are judicious in our hunting .
tr	O	He could 've hired a chair to bear him , but after months at sea he welcomed the chance to stretch his legs .
tr	O	He sent me to talk business , and you 're here to talk business .
tr	O	I introduced Paul to everyone and they all welcomed him warmly .
tr	O	It felt awkward to say , but I wasn 't sure why .
tr	O	I tried to make a joke out of it , but it came out sounding dumb .
tr	O	His name was Brady and he watched over Leigh while she had a couple of beers .
tr	I	He looked down at it , and she put a hand on his knee .
tr	I	We arrive home around 5 a.m. and we drive all through the night .
tr	O	It had a dirt floor and the bar was made from a ship 's timber laid across two water barrels .
tr	I	She ground against him , unable to deny the pull between them and her hands flew to the back of his head .
tr	O	He chuckled at her stupid joke and a warm , happy feeling came over her .
tr	I	It seems he believes in you , but you may not believe in him .
tr	O	I 'm good at hating people , but Dean never pressed .
tr	O	Runnin ' off with a Mexican ain 't the smartest thing in the world , but it ain 't no crime .
tr	I	He is the only child of Johnny 's much loved older sister but Vincent is a bit of an idiot .
tr	O	The house was almost as close as the office , and she doubted Butch would expect her to flee there .
tr	O	The pit of my stomach started to ache and my heart started to pick up its pace .
tr	O	It was hot , and it was coffee .
tr	O	They would pummel him into a meaningless , futile death , and none of his preparation would have meant a thing .
tr	O	He may still be undead but while he is flat on his back we can scoot in .
tr	O	Andy drove your car back over here , Sookie , and he asked if I 'd give you your keys .
tr	O	Frowning , I glanced over at Miranda and I wondered if she was asleep .
tr	I	Even now , I 'm at a loss to explain them , and these inconsistencies have always puzzled me .
tr	I	She kept her voice light , but she felt a rollercoaster of emotions .
tr	O	Nearly all were skeptical of his leadership , and only a few were in awe of his strange sword .
tr	O	Wings had sprung from his back and he 'd flown her through Budapest .
tr	I	I can 't help it , but I 'm grumbling now like a spoiled child .
tr	O	In the old days , you could ask for a cost when you finish the call , but I doubt that applies now .
tr	I	Mary wrapped her arms around the young woman , and she stopped swinging .
tr	I	The recount still gave the Republican a victory , and the Republican candidate won in a close race .
tr	O	Once again I 'm watching James build a tent , but this time my brother 's dead .
tr	I	There is no point in placing the man 's simulacrum there , but I can show you what is on the other side of the door .
tr	O	I don 't know how to explain it , but he had this ... look .
tr	I	Kenny didn 't want to get lost and it was impossible to tell .
tr	O	Her blonde curls were pulled into a messy half ponytail , and she fiddled with the bottom of her T-shirt .
tr	O	You saved lives and I took them .
tr	I	I was so cold , and he was so warm .
tr	O	Maddy was curvy , and this dress hugged her in all the right places .
tr	O	My breathing evened , and the panic subsided .
tr	O	The music stopped , and suddenly the knob turned easily .
tr	O	She 'd lost one parent , and now she was going to lose the other .
tr	O	Some impenetrable force field surrounded the woman , and he had no time to examine it for weaknesses .
tr	I	I try to stop by on Wednesdays and Margaret usually visits Mom on Mondays .
tr	I	There weren 't any words for the bigger stuff anymore , but it seemed stupid to be talking about this stuff .
tr	I	My strength went the same direction , and my voice left me .
tr	I	It spreads throughout the room and smiles the younger one with a smile .
tr	I	I didn 't ... so yeah , it 's not her fault , but I should have woken her up .
tr	I	She could feel the reaction building despite her attempts to keep control , and her body was rebelling .
tr	O	I don 't do it every time I play , but I am seriously low on funds .
tr	O	His heart told him to make the call , but he did not dare do it .
tr	O	He felt a little more of his certainty oozing away , yet he held firmly on his track .
tr	O	I don 't blink , and it can 't .
tr	I	The unbroken light illuminated the stage and the birds overhead once again scattered .
tr	I	Still I am here , and 17 Ira Evening again .
tr	I	Sweater , applied a bit of makeup , brushed her hair and Rosemary had dressed Brittany in her favorite lavender skirt .
tr	O	Her hips responded to the flick of his tongue low and she groaned against his mouth at the same time .
tr	I	The assembly lines ground to a halt , and everyone who saw the glorious creature stopped working .
tr	I	From the looks of things , he 'd landed a few blows , and one of Mrs. Bethany 's loyalists was swinging at him , repeatedly .
tr	I	She started south , but Gretel nodded in silence .
tr	O	Moses did not know , but he obeyed , driving slowly away from the intersection .
tr	I	It fell to the ground and he deftly unhooked her bra .
tr	I	His fingers trembled , betraying his fury and Graeme held up his hand for silence .
tr	O	The evening was a very cool one , but sleep eventually came to them .
tr	I	He moved her hand down to cup his balls and she ran her tongue down his shaft .
tr	I	A line of clouds was visible on the horizon and darkness was approaching .
tr	I	Grace wondered about that , but Pat had said it was made from molten sand .
tr	I	She shrugs me off , but I try with her .
tr	O	She had dreamed about the blonde again , and now she was sure Mark was married .
tr	I	At the same time , he was completely alone , but he felt surrounded by the towering architecture .
tr	O	He 's so incredibly hard , but he doesn 't come .
tr	I	She looked pretty that way , her hair falling out of place , a few strands hanging into her face but her smile squinted her eyes .
tr	O	The lights partially returned , and she could see him .
tr	O	Turning his head quickly , he glanced at her and she shuddered noticeably from the intensity of his stare .
tr	O	He eyes me and his eyebrows furrow .
tr	O	Sara knew this was a standard practice , but in the past Caroline had been forthcoming with such information .
tr	I	Twirling the pipe in his hands , very anxious to get their day started and Ellis continued to pace around the kitchen .
tr	O	I 'll guard the feathers , and I 'll call Lisa Martin right away .
tr	O	The heavy end of the club hit the ground , and Amara seized the long club 's grip as it bounded toward her .
tr	O	She glanced at the window , where the gentle wind howled and the darkness was difficult to pierce .
tr	I	I love Finn too , but I might be in love with Grey , deeply .
tr	I	Nobody knows exactly how long a second is without a clock , but what you just gave me was very well near a second .
tr	I	She knew he was far from it , but he appeared relaxed .
tr	I	Peter being such good players and Sakura wondered how they were going to win with Sebastian , Hayden , Nicolas , Richard , .
tr	O	They had my brother and they had my girl .
tr	I	She hadn 't thought much about it , but she 'd missed a call from him late last night .
tr	I	A few pitchers of beer did sound like a good plan and he was mostly joking .
tr	I	He frowned and a groan interrupted him .
tr	I	I just see her and I look at her .
tr	O	She bowed her head , and her face tightened .
tr	I	More blood seeped between the stitches and he sagged forward .
tr	I	I avoided his devoted looks , and I didn 't look at him much .
tr	I	He was pleased , and Darcy knew he made her feel good .
tr	I	Slivers of troubled yearning ghosted across her subconscious , but he watched her , his face wearing its usual hooded expression .
tr	O	She 'd spent the weekend before with Nisha , and she hadn 't seemed at all sad .
tr	O	She took everything from me and she is going to pay .
tr	I	I could deal with it on my own time , but I was sure I looked a mess .
tr	I	I think about it and I 'm in bed .
tr	I	He had pulled away from me twice but so bad I wanted to touch him .
tr	O	His hands cupped my bottom and he slapped at it gently .
tr	O	My head snapped , and the car spun .
tr	O	The deafening blast was answered by a roar from the gathered men , and as one , they rode from the village .
tr	O	There was a moment where she looked up into his eyes and he looked down into hers .
tr	O	a young woman 's voice said and though she said it forcefully she did not raise her voice .
tr	O	The prison barber scraped off Dan 's moustache and then cropped his hair to the regulation one inch length .
tr	I	Lily immediately regretted it , and the retort was instinctual .
tr	I	It hit him , and he tilted his head to consider the eye .
tr	O	She was acting strangely and her appearance was drawn .
tr	I	Several times , I almost fell asleep , and my eyes grew heavy .
tr	O	Mother awaited my siblings and me in her room .
tr	I	Its drapes were closed , but there was a window .
tr	O	It fell from her mouth , and Rachel licked her parched lips .
tr	I	Low watt lights were working inside emergency exit signs above both stairway doors , but the ceiling lights were off .
tr	O	Oh , she thought she knew what men wanted , and for the most part she was right about that .
tr	O	JC stood by the window watching in awe as sheet lightning flashed the darkness , and the thunder crashed in behind it .
tr	I	The trees shivered and lightning forked overhead .
tr	O	I pucker my lips but I don 't answer .
tr	O	I 've got a lot I need to get done and I won 't be back until Monday .
tr	O	she shouted abruptly , but I plowed through the reading with an urgency neither of us understood .
tr	I	She gathered herself , squirming with surprising strength out of my grasp and her eyes opened .
tr	I	His arm went around me and I laid my head on his heart .
tr	I	I had a late exam , long after most of the out-of-town students had already left for Christmas vacation and my girlfriend Claire .
tr	O	I know it 's your your nature to shoulder the blame for everything , but you really can 't let that make you go to such extremes !
tr	O	It was a very solemn , very private ceremony of their own , and they were far too lost in joy to look out for any danger .
tr	O	Small green buds dotted some of them , but others were bare .
tr	I	I could see where the page had been ripped from his notebook and the handwriting on the piece of paper was unmistakably his though , .
tr	O	I want the opium all the time now , and it hurts when I cannot have it .
tr	O	My motherly instincts kicked in , and rage wel ed up inside of me .
tr	O	I didn 't avoid his gaze , but I didn 't force him into a staring contest , either .
tr	I	There were almost no people out there and it was already a very late evening .
tr	O	Orla had no idea what poor Miss Queenie had meant but she was glad she had given the right response .
tr	O	He 's lost a bit of weight and the nurses shaved his head this morning .
tr	I	I scrutinized it carefully and he handed it over .
tr	O	The job was reconnaissance , but given the small size of their unit , the Death Dealers always packed heavy .
tr	I	Then a sly smile spread across my face , and my mind was reeling with this new information .
tr	O	I reached out to touch one and she shrank back , a sound of pain escaping her lips .
tr	I	She twisted the strings of a matching reticule in her lap and an elaborately decorated hat rested on the carved wooden side table .
tr	O	The winter damp deadened our adventures and we were left to cling to each other .
tr	O	I 'd blurt everything out and it would come out wrong .
tr	O	We grab a booth , and a petite , dark-haired server glides over to take our order .
tr	O	He 'd lacquer it tomorrow , after all the paint was dry , but it was basically done .
tr	I	He didn 't shoot but Lenny was aggravated .
tr	I	He had been helpless to stop her , and he felt her leaving him .
tr	O	The rest of the room is a bit of a mess , but this blank wall is neat , clearly sectioned off .
tr	O	I got in and it drove off .
tr	O	He says , but he 's scared I actually will .
tr	O	A woman passes up the baby and we go off at a trot .
tr	I	Then I felt the door unlocking , and it got quiet for a few minutes .
tr	I	The rooms were as I had left them that morning and the hallway outside the apartment was deserted .
tr	I	He crumpled to the ground , and something hit him hard in the mouth .
tr	O	Abby tried to sit up , but her body refused to cooperate .
tr	O	I didn 't see his friends , but I know they 're out there .
tr	I	He started talking as if to himself and he was sitting by her thighs .
tr	O	I 'm not sure who thought it up , but it was a stupid idea .
tr	O	She had a really hard shell but I remembered something in the kiss .
tr	O	A long , long time ago , he 'd been given another chance , and lately , the weight of needing to make it matter felt heavier .
tr	I	Jackson had a determined look on his face , but the last thing I wanted was to have this conversation at the start of a holiday weekend .
tr	O	A bucket was placed under his head and another bucket was placed beneath his buttocks .
tr	O	She was beguiling , just she always was , but the tension that she had been carrying had kept her face pale today .
tr	I	All the words blend together : football , a party , more football , but they go back to talking .
tr	I	My arm hates me for it and I don 't think about anything .
tr	I	I didn 't have a lot to compare it to , but the room wasn 't much to look at .
tr	O	Marcus told him he 'd leave a tip for the cook , and Mr. Giuseppe approved .
tr	O	Someone pushed on the door from inside , but he didn 't react .
tr	I	That inner voice drew at her , but she would like nothing better than to spend the evening running around the fair like a carefree teenager .
tr	I	I climb back in and he pats the bed .
tr	I	I couldn 't help calling her name , but she rushed away .
tr	O	Sadie knew she had to do something fast , when they emerged again , or she might lose him .
tr	I	It clearly had not been an accurate prediction , and she had expected to be better by now .
tr	I	I incline my head a centimeter , and her eyes dart to mine for assurance .
tr	I	I struggled even harder , and I heard whoever had me grunt in pain .
tr	I	I all could do was groan quietly as she muttered to herself and she accidently stepped on my fingers a few times .
tr	I	I yawned , struggling to stay awake as James led the way , and the city of Athens glowed in the distance .
tr	O	I don 't know what life will be like inside the shelter , but I do know it will be vastly different than my old life .
tr	I	They were almost more than he could bear , and when he pulled back , he found tears in her eyes .
tr	O	That didn 't work , of course , and he started to get desperate .
tr	I	In this instance , it wasn 't necessary , but he might not be able to read her mind .
tr	I	It wasn 't moving as smoothly as before , but at first glance it didn 't seem to take damage .
tr	I	I grabbed him by the ankles , and Eddie looked at me funny , then grabbed Curtis under the arms .
tr	O	He didn 't agree with it but it was impossible to stop .
tr	I	Sebastian 's angular face looked out , and the mist inside the mirror coalesced .
tr	I	They were a little late arriving , but he was supposed to meet them here tonight .
tr	I	Even her own , to sway her , or she couldn 't allow Ty 's fear .
tr	I	He fell to where the wood was already wet , his face splashing into a wash of incoming seawater , and I let him drop .
tr	O	I went to go up the stairs and Ian stopped me .
tr	O	I wanted to tell him how much I had enjoyed our evening , but the words sounded lame in my own head .
tr	O	I mean I know some things , that your father died when you were young and you didn 't get a lot of support as a child .
tr	O	I struggled , but he was too strong .
tr	I	All is war , and all is fair .
tr	O	The youth gang stood aggressively , but it was the curly-haired , smallest boy who leapt at the chance to speak .
tr	I	She did sound preoccupied , but she didn 't sound particularly unfriendly .
tr	O	Dealing with Nan and her hatred was part of the deal .
tr	O	She knew I was in L.A. , and she knew I worked with entertainment types in my job .
tr	I	The only thing available was the pickaxe and he needed a weapon of some sort .
tr	O	The engines roared and the yacht gathered speed , leaving a frothy rippled trail in its wake as it sped away from him .
tr	O	His face went white and he lowered the weapon .
tr	I	The cool air was nice on her face and the morning felt good .
tr	O	Also , he spoke French with a faint accent , but what kind of accent , Magnus could not immediately place .
tr	O	It 's just that with your track record and Jamey 's , it was kind of expected .
tr	O	I turned and Twenty-two followed a few seconds later .
tr	I	Sometimes the bus liked to come early , so she locked the door instead , but she considered going back inside to get her umbrella .
tr	I	The heart was just as big , but the horse might have a simpler mind .
tr	O	Their days may belong to the kingdoms they served , but their nights belonged to each other .
tr	I	She went into the bathroom to move her son into bed , and The worry she carried with her drew closer to the surface .
tr	O	He loved her , despite what she 'd done , and yet he refused to forgive her .
tr	O	Some had shopping bags and others were hailing cabs .
tr	I	I felt helpless because of it , and a miracle had saved her , not me .
tr	I	Katie still felt justified in her anger , but they weren 't even a real couple .
tr	O	Her hate for the Ancients and what they had done to change her life forever , bled into a kind of hatred that was rarely seen .
tr	O	I thought she might have been talking about my dad , but I hadn 't had the courage to ask .
tr	I	Those families were mainly couples but I watched for other kids my age .
tr	I	He was already walking up to the steps on his own to start his day but she turned on Milton .
tr	I	I don 't want to be alone and that my sister was on duty .
tr	I	He was too busy watching her , looking concerned , to really participate in the conversation , but he sat next to her .
tr	I	None of us needed much light to find our way , but it was near dusk .
tr	I	I 'd felt how strong Salina was on the riverboat , but I imagined he would put up a good fight .
tr	I	Brian got up , and the bus pulled into a station .
tr	I	His mind seemed to be sifting through one idea after the next , and his eyes were already clouding over in thought , however .
tr	I	Sam 's empty dinner plate flung off the table , heading straight for Gemma , and Kimber glared at Gemma .
tr	O	Some family stuff came up , and I 've had to be out of touch .
tr	O	The ribbons were clenched tightly in my fist and I yanked on them , realizing there was some resistance .
tr	O	Here he was very much a hero , and there were huge crowds .
tr	O	This kiss is an offer , and I want to take it .
tr	I	Boots took it very seriously and this was a big treat .
tr	I	Everyone laughed , and I asked .
tr	O	Verity heard Slade Spencer snicker faintly , and she knew that Jonas was having a hard time keeping his mouth shut .
tr	O	The subjects were forced into doing it , and some people never completely recovered from the tests .
tr	I	I saw that it was a hedgehog , and closer still .
tr	O	She stood up in the water and I felt my blood pressure rise .
tr	O	Lizzie pulled away , recoiling from the hatred etched into Tia 's features , and a momentary flicker of defiance crept up inside her .
tr	I	I sure as hell didn 't give him a chance to see my expression , and I didn 't explain myself .
tr	I	I couldn 't have that happen in the Manor , and she was about to die .
tr	I	She stepped aside to let him in and she studied him for a long moment before her shoulders slumped .
tr	O	He would join the ranks of the undead and there would be no one to destroy Lucian .
tr	I	It 's turned into a disaster , and he went Christmas shopping .
tr	O	The hair on its back bristled and it uttered a low warning growl .
tr	O	When I looked up , she was biting her lower lip , and her eyes were focused far away , somewhere outside the ship .
tr	I	Dante hadn 't put up any protest , and I 'd stolen the show .
tr	I	Abe reopened the flap , and Titus dropped his stare to the floor .
tr	I	My hands were shaking and my legs felt wobbly .
tr	O	I fear it might be a baby gift but I say nothing .
tr	O	She would always be a source of wonderment , but that was the extent of it .
tr	O	He looks back at me , his eyes all level , but he keeps on hurrying .
tr	O	The pains in her womb grew every day , but that was the only way for her to even try to mark the passage of time .
tr	O	Jenny could see again , and she saw that the dark mist was gathering itself , coalescing .
tr	I	Then he sighed a deep sigh , and Andrew was silent for a moment .
tr	O	She knew that Garrett 's dad didn 't like Hadley , and she knew that Garrett didn 't know about Hadley 's little coke problem .
tr	I	She didn 't understand what he was saying , but sure , Brick was apparently answering her question .
tr	I	It was good , but I didn 't know what I was eating .
tr	O	Maybe it is a dad thing , but whatever the case , I just wish that it could change .
tr	O	He was right , and I was wrong .
tr	I	She didn 't want to make it any worse , and his frustration mounted with each swing of the ax .
tr	O	She sat on the sofa and Vaughn joined her , sitting so close that their thighs brushed .
tr	O	My nose dripped , and I couldn 't wipe it .
tr	O	The phone rang again , and he cut his finger .
tr	I	She carefully handed Lia over , cooing at her to meet her grandmother , and Mrs. Rhodes sat on the edge of Gabby 's bed .
tr	O	That 's remarkable , but if you don 't mind my asking , how did all of this come about .
tr	O	As I was walking away , I looked over my shoulder and I could barely see Gene on the ground , with both hands behind his back .
tr	I	She still felt a connection to it , but she knew it wasn 't technically hers .
tr	O	I 've tried so hard to reach out to him but it was impossible .
tr	I	Any silo could be lost , and if Silo One could do that , then they were capable of anything .
tr	O	Her smile told him she was happy for him , but he knew she would have taken him anyway .
tr	I	He didn 't know where to go from here , but that piece of information had led him to Sacramento .
tr	I	The stars were whirring by faster than before , and the ship slowly began to stop shaking .
tr	O	A wave of emotion shuddered him , and his fingers trembled as he put the photo back into place .
tr	I	An assault of pins stabbed up through the soles of my feet , and my legs had fall en asleep on the ride .
tr	O	His tongue commanded entry and she gave it .
tr	O	The pulsing electricity was steadily growing stronger , and my blood felt like there was a current of energy rushing through it .
tr	I	The general sentiment was moving towards rage quickly , but the populace was more confused than angry at the news .
tr	O	I 'd gotten tentative texts from my friends but no one wanted to bring the subject up .
tr	I	I had missed old times , and it was like old times .
tr	I	She hoisted herself up into the tree , and one leg made it over the branch .
tr	I	Mutt lay screening on the deck , and the rear of the speedboat was engulfed in flames .
tr	I	Before my hand has dropped , the door opens , and I knock lightly on Dham 's door .
tr	O	Haylie 's acquiescence was nice , but he didn 't need it .
tr	O	The encounter had been over almost as soon as it began , yet it haunted him to this day .
tr	O	She was only sixteen and I couldn 't take her with me .
tr	I	The thought of joining them forever scared me deeply , but maybe it was crazy to still be frightened of ghosts after I 'd become one myself .
tr	O	Her mind flashed back to grade school and she narrowed her eyes as she studied him .
tr	O	Al 's not a particularly burly guy but he 's always had that crazy look in his eyes ?
tr	I	I couldn 't take it anymore , but the words came out louder than I 'd meant .
tr	I	It looked like it had been down here for a very long time and this was clearly not its normal habitat .
tr	O	I have an extra room and it 's all made up .
tr	I	Maybe I was wrong , but I 'd always assumed it was me causing the electric sensation .
tr	I	I found myself unbelievably attracted to him and Devon was a complete gentleman throughout dinner .
tr	I	She throttled up the speed as she raced away and her thighs curved around the body of the bike .
tr	O	I knew it wasn 't going to be pretty , and I tried to prepare myself for the reality I was about to face .
tr	I	An empty ache filled her belly and the smile faded .
tr	O	It takes time to do so and it must be an undetected activity .
tr	O	Until they get answers , it 's sad to say , but I think the riots are going to continue out here .
tr	O	The drawers looked like a jumbled mess , but Fellows knew precisely where each item was .
tr	O	There was a destination she had in mind , and now she was finally in sight of it .
tr	O	Sarah 's eyes were wide and her face became pale .
tr	I	There 's something there , some carnal attraction , but I try not to let him get to me .
tr	O	The building Amelie had most likely died in and the subway construction sites were only blocks apart .
tr	O	The paint was chipping and the roof was in disrepair .
tr	I	The smoke forced them into a crawl , and a torch had been thrown through the broken scullery window .
tr	O	Years passed , and no golden coach came down the back lanes of working-class London .
tr	O	One look at you and Cassius could tell something was up with her .
tr	I	He pulled away , but I tried to reach out to him .
tr	O	The sky was a deep purple and there was no moon yet , so the ground lacked its usual ghostly glow .
tr	I	It had taken off and by then she 'd started her business .
tr	I	The most forward members of the public would stop the amputees to ask , and something was happening .
tr	I	I stayed honest , but I worked to make my voice lighter .
tr	I	I don 't leave , but he isn 't there .
tr	O	Julia smiled as I kissed her on the cheek and I shook Jake 's hand .
tr	O	Trenton took a menacing step forward and Chad felt his adrenaline kick in .
tr	O	She 'd dressed for utility tonight , but she still had on bright pink lipstick .
tr	O	They tried to move twice , but the rain followed them .
tr	I	It was not Staffan , but she looked up , heart in her throat .
tr	I	Her words were lost in the screams , but she was saying something .
tr	O	Jacques had no idea what it was , but he was certain there was hidden danger .
tr	O	It cuts easily through the steel lock on the metal box and I 'm careful to catch it before it hits the ground .
tr	I	My supernatural sight allowed me to see but the path was dark .
tr	I	It had quickly become one of our favorite spots , and we had come here on our first outing together .
tr	I	He has a crooked smile , and his face is too craggy .
tr	O	Luca scoops her into his arms and I accompany him as he carries her back to her suite .
tr	O	He died in a car crash , just like your mother told you , but she never knew him .
tr	O	At first the sensation made me nauseous , but I adjusted quickly .
tr	O	Pushing into her sex and her head tipped back because she liked the sensation of his fingers sliding in her .
tr	I	It never bothered me , but Never know why .
tr	O	She usually had Ginny with her , and she wanted her daughter protected just as much as Simon did .
tr	I	She didn 't like me , and I didn 't like her .
tr	I	He should be just fine , but he 'll have to go easy on that paw for a little while .
tr	O	It was different than my own mark , but it was blatantly obvious what it meant .
tr	I	Her pulse rate tripled , and he pinned her with his dark , steady gaze .
tr	O	The path was dusty and he saw no tracks .
tr	O	He looked first at Colin , his eyebrows climbing in surprise , and then his gaze flicked to Nell .
tr	O	Miriam waited , but there was no further conversation .
tr	O	When she fell , she dropped a pair of silver cufflinks , and when he saw them , Lord Branden went mad .
tr	I	The hostess handed them their menus and they sat down across from each other .
tr	I	There 's no reason for one to be preferable over another and any horse has four natural gaits - walk , trot , canter , gallop - .
tr	O	I pressed my foot on the gas , and the car that wasn 't just a car responded immediately , taking us to the restaurant .
tr	O	She reluctantly dismounted my Harley and I strapped our helmets down .
tr	O	There was only a cold darkness in the area around his heart and it didn 't seem to be in any hurry to go away .
tr	O	Being held by him made my mouth water , and his question made my heart skip a beat .
tr	O	His small gesture served to calm my nerves , and I forced my hands to relax on the case of the iPad .
tr	I	I keep walking , but I hear a woman 's voice call out behind me .
tr	I	I just stared back and she was staring straight at me .
tr	I	There are no messages , but I check my phone a dozen times , some nagging feeling of disquiet tapping at my brain .
tr	O	She was wheezing and her legs ached .
tr	O	We both tried loosening it , but we weren 't able to .
tr	O	Elena tried to lift herself off , but she didn 't have the strength .
tr	O	He had a deep laugh and it made my legs weak .
tr	I	It gave her time to think , but it made her be patient which was hard once she felt better .
tr	O	She grabbed my arm , and with me at her side , regally walked out the chamber .
tr	O	The escort , with the exception of a swift handful , had been massacred and the wagons confiscated .
tr	O	He doesn 't look at me , but he answers .
tr	O	I don 't say anything , and she leans down to crush her mouth against mine .
tr	O	I didn 't need any sage advice on honesty and I definitely didn 't need any from Dostoyevsky .
tr	I	The temperature was still in the low sixties , but the late morning sun was bright .
tr	O	He 'd cut himself off , in theory to protect himself , but in reality all he 'd been doing was hiding .
tr	O	My house is small , but I have a big yard .
tr	I	He cursed , his body tightening and her tongue flicked over his throat .
tr	I	That will give me enough time to get a few shots off and it will give us about ten seconds to blow right by him .
tr	I	Her body shook in ecstasy , and her breathing became fierce as she screamed my name .
tr	I	His face broke out into a smile , but he looked up at me with weary eyes .
tr	O	There was baying in the night , and it was accompanied by a bugle .
tr	O	Her smile had faded , and her eyes were haunted .
tr	O	The hot breeze moved one dark curl across his forehead , which must have tickled , but he didn 't brush it away .
tr	O	He was hoping reading that verse would be enough to settle their curiosity , but it didn 't happen .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to speak , but all my words had been robbed from me .
tr	O	He 'd never seen Haworth look so stunned and he felt a little guilty .
tr	I	Therefore people had time to prepare and the Dax 's Horde had been seen .
tr	I	He knew most women were , but Gio wasn 't impressed by either .
tr	I	Boys did not cry , especially not in public , and he had reminded her that she was a boy .
tr	O	It was not long before they were entering the cave , and Three Baskets made a chirping sound as a signal that it was she .
tr	O	I can see land , and it 's -- wow !
tr	I	You can stay at home with Cammie and I can pick up a waitressing job .
tr	I	The crashing down was very bad , but these calls made Sally very elated .
tr	I	He was surprised that they were indeed open , even on New Year 's Eve and the store advertised 24 hour service , 365 days a year .
tr	O	The door was ajar slightly , and notes seemed to pour through the opening like water through the narrow neck of a vase .
tr	I	She shook her poster at them , then her bucket , but at that distance I couldn 't tell what she was saying to the people inside .
tr	O	It always worked , and it worked today .
tr	I	They are brave and they are explorers .
tr	O	Four should be enough , and in keeping with the dose I had been taking .
tr	O	He did , or Julia did .
tr	O	Girl hasn 't done anything to Nan , yet Nan 's mean as a goddamn snake .
tr	I	She with him , and a number of generations ago , when the pact was first created , the king fell in love with his protector .
tr	I	Instead I am alive , but I was almost dead .
tr	I	The two met each other in the middle of the open room and Mathew stood up .
tr	O	I have found that person , and she is one of you .
tr	O	Then I remembered , and I continued running .
tr	I	I start heading for her and Sophie is just a short distance away .
tr	O	The older woman studied her for a moment longer , and Callie was sure Elizabeth knew she was lying .
tr	O	Seconds later the lock was open and Boone pulled the cabinet door towards him .
tr	O	The well-dressed man seemed almost annoyed by the request , but exhaling a deep huff of breath , he laid out his past .
tr	O	They knew in their hearts that they were now slaves of their own destinies , but it felt strangely like freedom .
tr	I	Joni shivered and he sniffed against her neck .
tr	I	She beamed with pride , and he kissed the top of her wild curls .
tr	O	There was a violent turn in my stomach , and I clutched at it .
tr	O	The lights in the room flickered , and a sizzling electric shock zapped her fingers through the keyboard .
tr	I	She did have wonderful taste in men but she was a truly awful woman .
tr	O	He 'd hurt her deeply , but she found herself thinking there was probably a legitimate reason for the things he 'd done .
tr	I	He held the phone away from his ear so she could hear as well , and Julie moved into the living room next to Mike .
tr	O	It has done nothing to earn your steadfast devotion , yet you are ready to discard everything for it .
tr	O	They would need it in the days to come and now they had a good supply for their journey .
tr	O	That did no good , and besides , as Meredith pointed out , they needed to conserve the oxygen in the car .
tr	O	He wanted to yell at Dieter to shut up , but he remained quiet , his heart pounding in alarm .
tr	I	Because Mara 's blood is so powerful , he can be awake during the day and well , she made my father .
tr	I	I didn 't , but I 'd thought about confronting Brittany , who seemed to lead the pack that teased her the most .
tr	O	It pooled around her body as a cancer , and I turned away from that body in disgust .
tr	I	Katherine rested her head against the pillow and the girls flopped onto Taylor 's bed .
tr	O	Her expression was just as wary , and since uncertainty wasn 't something he normally associated with Zoe , Ryan was immediately on guard .
tr	I	This one was the ultimate , but she had seen many predators .
tr	O	His eyes looked serious , and I swallowed , hard .
tr	I	It was the hardest thing in the world to do ... but to not thrust into her warm mouth .
tr	O	It shows through her speeches , and even more so , it shows through her actions .
tr	O	She wanted to believe it , but her insides were still shaking .
tr	O	She almost didn 't dare to open her eyes , afraid that the bullet would just be closer , but she did .
tr	O	Soon it would be morning and their fate would be known .
tr	I	Then I wasn 't so sure , and until I actually found myself entangled in a boy 's come-on .
tr	I	The look of innocence on his face made me want to spit fire like a dragon of doom and he tilted his head to the side .
tr	I	He held on , but she went to move away .
tr	I	Again I could feel the admission trembling on my lips , and I looked at her .
tr	I	I turn to face her and the realization dawns on me .
tr	I	She could hide it easily but she was mixed up .
tr	I	She was afraid to do it wrong and she 'd never had to do anything like this before .
tr	O	I never heard him say anything about being in charge either , but they were the ones who decided to at least do something .
tr	I	He was immediately engrossed once again in conversation to the exclusion of all other happenings in the room , and he stated .
tr	I	She collapsed backwards onto the bed , covering her face with hands and there was a pause , then all at once her body went limp .
tr	O	Two more changeover steps , and I was facing James .
tr	O	Islands had once stood in the middle of the Well , and now they were great mesas in the middle of a wasteland .
tr	I	As suffocating as that was , I never wondered where I stood , and I was his everything .
tr	O	She wouldn 't have thought it possible , but she found the whole messy bachelor pad thing kind of endearing , just like Ty himself .
tr	I	I 'll always regret how they were taken from me and that part stabbed at my heart daily .
tr	I	She lied , but Dr. Warren said they were just to relax me .
tr	O	He had his vengeance , but it had been costly .
tr	I	I already loved New York , and I had been here less than an hour .
tr	I	The corners of his mouth kept tugging up but she noticed he was trying not to laugh .
tr	I	It made me furious , and I was sure Tommy was on the receiving end .
tr	I	Everything was so calm , and it was so quiet .
tr	I	There 's a meeting of the elders at two , and he hasn 't even come into the office .
tr	I	It 's a much bigger town and there 's far less chance of an attack .
tr	O	Luke loved coming over for dinner , as my mom was a great cook and his mom was the queen of takeout .
tr	O	His hands tightened painfully in her hair , and she whimpered in protest .
tr	I	I was leaving him hanging , and he had ordered breakfast .
tr	I	You were gone and I woke up .
tr	O	We ended up having a great time and I even picked up a few phone numbers .
tr	I	The doors were bolted and Windows were lashed shut .
tr	O	Suddenly he owned the company and I 've never really been able to find out exactly how that came about .
tr	I	I tilted it toward her and the document flashed onto the screen .
tr	O	I may have looked twenty , but I had been singing longer than Blackberry had been alive .
tr	I	Nate stayed sitting , but Cady got up .
tr	I	Then gave her the nudge she seemed to want , and he waited just long enough .
tr	O	He had not actually thought she was lying about her past , but somehow having this corroboration of her story made him feel better .
tr	I	We come in by airship or we zip in .
tr	I	You absolutely know what that means , and you 're black ops , covert .
tr	I	Something happened inside her , but I didn 't recognize it .
tr	I	I was met with him pushing me away , and trying to be sexy for Jason , telling him how I desired him .
tr	I	There was something strained about her voice ; but Morrigan was obviously attempting a mocking tone .
tr	O	My face is heart-shaped accentuated by a widow 's peak on my forehead , and my eyes are a clear , dark grey .
tr	O	I shook my head a little , but I still couldn 't wipe this grin off my face .
tr	I	Alarms rang and men screamed .
tr	O	Alexis turned around quickly , but no one was there .
tr	O	She felt his warm breath on her nipple and he sucked it gently into his mouth .
tr	O	You don 't look like much , but a lot is happening underneath the surface .
tr	I	I sit next to her and I ask her as Lorena .
tr	O	He put the paper down and I sat on the bed .
tr	I	She 's not going anywhere but he 's got his hands full right now .
tr	I	Together we took everything into the kitchen and we greeted each other over some shopping bags .
tr	I	A tingle ran along her nerve endings , and he dropped a kiss into her palm .
tr	O	Just throw out your weapons and slowly come through the door .
tr	I	Andy knew it and Tim was right .
tr	I	It 's more than that now , but it was one thing to keep me in the dark when it was just our relationship on the line .
tr	O	We 'd have also put the other wizard , Dawson , farther away from me for similar reasons , but we weren 't given a choice .
tr	I	His feet still echoed on the old wooden floors , but Andy walked softly behind me .
tr	I	It 's then I realize that even though girls are different from each other , they 're the same too and she 's picking at her fingernails .
tr	O	Maybe it is her , and maybe it 's not .
tr	I	You 'll hear her , but you might close your eyes .
tr	O	We need to speak with him urgently or it may hold up the departure of the rest of you .
tr	O	A small slat in the gate slid open and a pair of eyes stared out at them .
tr	O	The explosion nearly lit up the night sky , and even Bailey had to shield her vision from the light it created .
tr	I	The vein in his forehead pulsed and the muscles in his arms protruded .
tr	I	I 'd forgotten that Jacob moved like a ghost these days , and I was concentrating on piling the dishes into the bubbly water .
tr	O	I clutched his shirt , feeling the need to , and I waited for him to tell me what I was supposed to do .
tr	O	I have always trusted your decisions and you know it very well that I also respect your freedom to make them .
tr	I	Melissa was far from vanilla , but she was too stubborn to admit it .
tr	I	I felt a lot better and I ran a brush through my ratty hair .
tr	I	The sound of her frenzied cries but it was as if there was nothing in the world .
tr	I	I sent him a questioning look that he only smiled at , and matthias nodded at me as if to say it was safe .
tr	O	The woman 's limp body slowly slipped downward , and her feet dangled , nearly touching the floor .
tr	O	Bamboo shoots in red vases accented aged but beautiful silk screens serving as privacy dividers .
tr	O	Joe B. didn 't try to figure out what this declaration meant , if anything , but he thought it would fit nicely on a billboard .
tr	O	She had been there all along , and now it was too late .
tr	I	Asher 's lips were twitching and I was panting .
tr	I	Somehow coming from William , it didn 't , but I 'd expected it to feel like an accusation .
tr	I	I dropped my eyes back to my plate , and the thought immediately sent a flutter through me .
tr	O	Sasha went to speak up , but Pussy got there before her .
tr	O	She pressed as hard as she was capable , but the blood continued to flow between her fingers .
tr	O	Douglas simply rolled into her , gathering her in his arms and he kissed her .
tr	I	Her head fell limply against his shoulder and Andra let out a long breath .
tr	O	Everybody thought Taylor was the piranha , but your father believed otherwise .
tr	I	Izzie needed moral support and Kira had finally found a boy that she liked .
tr	O	Her voice rose with each word , and she was too frustrated to care if the whole bar heard her .
tr	O	He comes up with a lot of silly ideas , and we 're supposed to obey his orders .
tr	O	The feeling of having him deeply embedded inside her was all-consuming and she was too impassioned to care .
tr	O	Click , and they were gone .
tr	I	Pretty soon Denver was holding back a line of gawking onlookers , and people came to check out the scream they 'd heard .
tr	O	He knew Abby didn 't like his tendency to preach , but he couldn 't help it .
tr	I	When she looked up at him , Trystan couldn 't help it and she watched him slide his thumb across her skin .
tr	O	When he reached the apex of her thighs , he worshipped her , and the trembling became writhing .
tr	O	I tried reaching out my hand to touch his chest , but he backed away .
tr	I	Again she looked away , and she read the meaning in his glance .
tr	I	I hoped it was still early enough that her mom would let her rescue a stranded friend , and I didn 't have a ride home .
tr	I	She noticed the two soldiers opposite her become alarmed , and mountains encircled the settlement .
tr	I	I kept my face blank , but Finn 's eyes narrowed in suspicion at my easy agreement .
tr	O	He fel like a stone , and his stoker , a slight , reedy boy with wide , anxious eyes , meekly acquiesced to their demands .
tr	I	He knew it and he was close .
tr	I	I drew back and he started coughing .
tr	O	9 The water soaked Sheridan 's hospital gown , making it cling to her , but she didn 't care .
tr	I	It 's no longer in place and she moved .
tr	O	Something is stirring in her , and it 's all for me .
tr	O	It 's unbelievable , but it 's true .
tr	O	Me , I 've have taken instant foods but I certainly appreciated her effort .
tr	I	I sense that he 's giving me everything he can right now , but that 's still a lot of unknowns .
tr	O	The M of his mouth turned up at the corners , and his smile made him look like a boy .
tr	I	Nose stand out and my skin was paler than usual , making the practically orange freckles that scattered across my cheeks .
tr	I	She was glad he was still in her life , but she didn 't know what she felt for Justin .
tr	I	The coast was clear and Faye went over to the living room .
tr	I	I twisted in the human 's arms , trying to catch a glimpse of where they were taking me and they carried me out of the shuttle .
tr	O	Sidney responded to her , and she glared at him .
tr	I	She squeezed her so tight that it hurt , and it was Mama that was wrapped around her .
tr	I	You look like angels , and it just looks like a gargoyle .
tr	I	We were fortunate that I didn 't need to work , and your father earned a good living .
tr	O	He wasn 't in sight anymore , but I heard the water splash .
tr	I	He didn 't bite , but I was fishing with that North Pole remark .
tr	O	There was a toll to pay and the joint was the losing end .
tr	O	He closed his eyes , almost as if he were ashamed of what he was doing but something couldn 't stop him .
tr	I	We 've also got to keep an eye out for that Troll , and that Seeker thing could set just about anybody on us .
tr	O	Rachel swallowed painfully , seeing what he was about to do and she panicked .
tr	I	Rebecca didn 't mind one bit , and Miranda had her wrapped around one chubby little finger .
tr	I	The bulging body expanded with the leeway and the fold of the cocoon parted open .
tr	I	I nearly ended up knocking on Alexa instead of the door and the door opened just as I raised my hand to knock .
tr	O	The heat of her is mind-numbing and I forget where I am .
tr	I	She shook her head and tears streamed down her face .
tr	I	I hope that rules out conversation , and the previews are already rolling by the time we sit down .
tr	O	She was tall and her hair fell down over her shoulders in long , soft waves .
tr	O	We paused outside Amanda 's room and I gave a knock on the door .
tr	O	Elissa 's heartbeat tripled and her breathing became labored .
tr	O	At last the clock slipped past eleven , and I padded upstairs to my room .
tr	I	Now I was urging her to put herself into danger on my say-so , and this was the woman I 'd cautioned about leaving town yesterday .
tr	O	Her cheeks heated but she ignored it .
tr	I	Christopher made no move to accept it and Sara counted the seconds that passed as Phillip stood with his hand extended .
tr	O	He could see Stella smiling at Red , and Red was beaming back at her .
tr	I	Now he was nervous here with me and he had rushed at a man holding a gun ?
tr	I	There was really no stopping him once he made up his mind and Jack had decided we should have an island affair .
tr	O	I had never bought one of these magazines before , and yet for some odd reason I found myself desperate to find out more about classic cars .
tr	O	Noelle wasn 't convinced that violence would prevent violence , but maybe knowledge could .
tr	O	my mother screamed at me , but I wasn 't having any .
tr	O	He pushed up a little , and again , I thought of what Danika had said .
tr	I	They were battling several zombies and when I came out farther , I saw my team .
tr	O	As soon as he hit the ground his knees buckled and he collapsed onto the grass .
tr	O	His eyes didn 't move from mine , but he swallowed audibly .
tr	O	I inhale deeply , and she takes a step back .
tr	I	She covered her writing with a sheet of blotting paper , and Miriam 's pen dripped .
tr	I	I was off to bed and Gavin took me home around midnight .
tr	I	They had big plans , and Tomorrow was a big day .
tr	I	It was and I checked .
tr	I	The lids were heavy like concrete , but I tried to open my eyes .
tr	O	We scanned the village , and I cursed the night since it limited the range of what I could see .
tr	O	Close behind them rode hundreds of seasoned warriors , and behind them rode the horde in its thousands .
tr	O	He seemed to be trying not to look at the gun Nick was still gripping , but his eyes strayed to Nick 's hip anyway .
tr	O	The library was probably too far away to connect to the tunnels attached to her rooms , but there could be more forgotten places beneath the castle .
tr	I	He was strong , too strong , and his fingers dug into her arms .
tr	I	Allie , who was standing a few feet back , saw Nick immediately , and the cabinet creaked open .
tr	I	I punched the gas , and Chapter Thirteen Ethan The light turned green .
tr	I	There was something seriously wrong , and as he got closer to the flashing he saw that it was Kermit .
tr	I	It was better than Aunt Maud seeing it , but it wasn 't very comfortable .
tr	I	If you let it , it will only force you to make more mistakes , but Guilt has its place .
tr	O	Karou had attended several such , and they were always the same .
tr	O	said Joseph , and we all said it with him .
tr	I	It left me with only one answer , and I knew that as surely as I knew I 'd always love him .
tr	O	He didn 't run , but his long , easy strides ate up the ground quickly .
tr	O	They said it was a large forest full of beautiful green trees , and there was no doubt that a town couldn 't be far off .
tr	O	He shakes his head , and waves a hand dismissively .
tr	I	He was suddenly unwilling to take any unnecessary chances , and whatever it was that had Lyle on edge had infected him .
tr	O	My eyes darted around the tiled room looking for something , anything to help me , but it was pretty bare .
tr	O	The next time I would go slow , but I needed to spill myself inside her .
tr	O	They reached the bottom of the stairs , and Tavi settled Max down as gently as he could beside the cabinet .
tr	I	Now there was no mistaking what she was looking at , but Francesca had to squint against the glare of that sun .
tr	O	Marie glanced over her shoulder and Sabrina forced a tight smile .
tr	O	I told him we didn 't have a stake in this accursed conflict , but he went anyway .
tr	I	The lines of his body are wavering , but it looks like a man .
tr	O	She looks like she 's walking the plank and there are sharks in the water .
tr	I	It sure wasn 't a shack , but it wasn 't a plantation home .
tr	O	At the same time , Jennifer slid backward , fumbled for the gun , and flung it down the black pit of the hallway .
tr	O	The Right Man might have been one of The Good Guys , but I certainly was not .
tr	O	I had less of her natural aptitude , but since I was only her assistant , not the doctor , my skill didn 't matter as much .
tr	I	The constant thud of the rotors pounded Nina 's head , and the helicopter was still in the air .
tr	O	I glanced at Zeal out of the corner of my eye , but her attention was focused on Commander Tork .
tr	O	Our guide spoke excellent English , and when we asked him about the city , he nodded .
tr	O	He laughed before he started strumming , and then he began to sing .
tr	O	Neither of us knows why , but together we seem to be able to span distances that others can 't .
tr	I	She felt drugged by it , as if she had no control whatever over her actions , and it was a sensation Lily had never experienced before .
tr	I	I gave him a light push toward the check-in counter , and his smile grew into a full-fledged one .
tr	I	They headed outside and Maddie nodded vigorously .
tr	I	There was a lot of catching up to do and it had been years since they had last met .
tr	O	The nightmare started to fade and Ava thought about what it could mean .
tr	I	Sera felt like mush inside and Jeff was all smiles .
tr	O	They 'd hollowed out a little niche , a temporary break from reality , but the real world waited like a predator .
tr	O	I wanted to squeeze my eyes shut , but I also needed to see him , even if it was just his blurry face right now .
tr	I	Tonight , I wanted something harder , but Red wine was normally my drink of choice .
tr	I	The general said no , but one suggested they make Cassidy hunt Diego herself .
tr	O	I nodded , and his fingers threaded through mine in an unmistakable claim as he led me away from the green .
tr	O	This was more than I could manage , and I wasn 't coming out .
tr	I	She instantly tightened her grip and I took a hold of Michelle 's hand .
tr	I	Stalker shook his head , and I filled them in .
tr	O	The contact is only for a few moments , but those moments seem to last for a long time .
tr	I	I forgot that we were having a conversation and Rush slipped his hands around my sides until they were sliding under my breasts .
tr	I	I can 't even seem to find one full piece , but I cringe as I try to put the pieces together .
tr	I	The people hurried so as not to be touched in this shameful way , and the soldiers even pushed at people with their spears .
tr	I	It wasn 't an easy fight and he was struggling with himself .
tr	I	I think it came out more like a grimace , but I tried to smile .
tr	I	It was matted with blood , but they both had blond hair .
tr	I	I have to jerk my eyes away , and she shoves her wrist toward my face .
tr	O	One platoon seemed to appear from nowhere to the bridge and the captain set up a defensive perimeter outside the bridge .
tr	O	Takumi started up again , but Alaska raised her hand as if to swat the conversation away .
tr	O	I knew who was delivering it , but I couldn 't be sure until I saw him with my own eyes .
tr	I	I didn 't have the gumption to deal with that at the moment , but obviously I was losing my mind .
tr	O	The revolver clattered to the stones and I kicked it under a table .
tr	I	She would have looked beautiful in a potato sack , but it wasn 't the highest of fashion for the time .
tr	O	I offered to find a hotel , but she absolutely refused the guest room .
tr	I	When it was over , the referees needed five minutes to sort it all out , and as the play developed , things became complicated .
tr	I	I followed him up a narrow sidewalk , and my grandfather parked the Olds along the curb .
tr	I	The butterflies in her stomach eased and his strength had a calming effect .
tr	O	Two were from Devin and one was from Gina .
tr	I	For some reason , Gavin seemed to be able to tolerate her , but she was like a pest I couldn 't get rid of .
tr	O	Declan 's voice was hoarse , but his arms came around her .
tr	O	I didn 't know , and I didn 't care .
tr	O	She ordered the pasta special , and Isaac asked for veal Parmesan .
tr	I	The howling begins again , and the beads drop one by one to the floor below .
tr	I	I knew better , but the great hall looked empty .
tr	O	She wished she was that organized with her stories , but they kind of came out of stream of consciousness .
tr	O	My name is Becky Bradley , and I 'll be your House Mother for this season of House Guests !
tr	I	It was true , but I was saying that a lot lately .
tr	I	I felt this weird kind of pulling sensation beneath my ribs and my hands were shaking .
tr	I	It took Ink a bit longer to vacate the cab , but L.J. got out .
tr	I	They probably looked like chickens in the rain , staring at the wonders above them , and he was doing the same thing as Kelly .
tr	O	When the stars threw down their spears , he remembered , And water 'd heaven with their tears ... What came next ?
tr	I	Before there was Nectar , there were a whole range of other substances but you 're too young to know .
tr	O	As the gray sun faded to night , the fires were banked , and the exhausted villagers closed their eyes on the panic of the day .
tr	O	He was afraid , but he wasn 't afraid of me .
tr	O	It was a difficult task , and she accomplished it like a professional .
tr	I	I was sitting too high on his chest for him to touch me but he kicked at me .
tr	I	My ears hurt and my feet were half frozen .
tr	O	The wooden post no longer leaned sideways , and the tiny house looked normal as though I hadn 't hit it .
tr	I	The harsh scent of brandy filled the library before quickly burning away , and the snifter in her hand erupted into flames , punctuating her words .
tr	O	A memory flitted at the corners of my awareness and I stopped , clearing my mind of other thoughts .
tr	O	Obviously Bethany isn 't , but that doesn 't mean he 's alive .
tr	O	He looked around , and puzzlement replaced sarcasm .
tr	O	It doesn 't sound like much , but it 's how you start something like this .
tr	O	Rory gave him a slightly pitying look , but they both went back to the search .
tr	O	My strength was waning in the battle and the attacker , whoever he was , seemed undaunted by any of my self-defense attempts all together .
tr	I	It quickly detached from the tree , and this branch was right above me .
tr	I	I drop my legs from around him and Knox loosens his hold on me .
tr	I	She herds me in the direction of the table with a plate at the ready , but I bullet toward the fridge .
tr	O	Her breathing slowed and she relaxed greatly .
tr	O	I let it go for the moment , but I would question her about it later .
tr	I	She wasn 't about to let him get off that easy , but he knew part of her was reveling in their volley match .
tr	I	Otherwise the upper level seemed arranged much like the lower , but the ceiling was lower than below .
tr	I	He took a few bites just to satisfy his needs , but he suddenly wasn 't hungry .
tr	O	I still had the sword in my hand , and I whirled around , looking for the others .
tr	O	I couldn 't hear but I could feel it .
tr	O	She could hear Aidan shuffling around on the other side of the door , and if she listened too closely she could hear him breathing heavily .
tr	O	Phoenix choked on his coffee this time and I just groaned into my hands .
tr	O	Riley smiled , but it looked like a snarl .
tr	I	I know their hearts , but they can be off putting at best .
tr	I	It was damn good in journalism , and the skill had manifested at an early age .
tr	I	Raoul easily held on to her , and she was still weak , however .
tr	O	The girl blinked in surprise , and then she crossed her arms .
tr	I	The destination will follow , and take the journey Wil .
tr	O	It seemed like we both spoke the same language , but he for some reason couldn 't understand a single thing I said .
tr	I	She turned to him and Jessica 's mouth curved .
tr	O	Jared shook his head , and Claire 's expression grew impatient .
tr	I	Then she saw the water churning to white froth , and another ten feet through a thick stand of aspen .
tr	O	Sylvia hasn 't been able to coax her into another shopping trip , and that Lady has tried .
tr	I	That 's just after the fact , of course , but so we rely on cameras .
tr	O	He set the medallion back on the counter and I picked it up for a closer look .
tr	O	I have a feeling that isn 't what the party is for , but I let it slide .
tr	I	They were just about over , and I 'd had my innings .
tr	O	For a brief second , I wondered if Jakob had been the same man , but then I remembered they looked nothing alike .
tr	I	His entire body jerked as he threw back his head to yell out , and she palmed his erection through his pants .
tr	I	Mentally ran through her lines , and she hiked down her skirt , suddenly ashamed of its death-defying height .
tr	I	Creativity wasn 't a big part of it and my life 's path had been decided for me a long time ago .
tr	I	She could not reveal her hidden places , but she would have gone up to help .
tr	O	Faye ran her fingers over it , and a chill went down her spine .
tr	I	Her cheeks were flushed and her eyes were bright .
tr	I	Grace could see that it cost her an effort , but she smiled at Cliff .
tr	I	All of a sudden there was a flame , and he blew gently !
tr	I	We shared a couple classes , and they were seniors like me .
tr	O	Bobo leaned forward with an appraising look , and Dennis could see him counting the zeros .
tr	O	She isn 't your prisoner , and you aren 't her keeper .
tr	I	Only a few interested her but the comics were cute .
tr	O	He can be very serious when it 's necessary , but when it 's not , he plays .
tr	I	Claire 's cheeks redden as she realizes what I must have heard in his mind and Connor 's mouth drops open again .
tr	I	I 'll go along with this if it has the potential to provide a window of opportunity , but I 'm not afraid of anything .
tr	I	Once again Bob turned with him , and Rayford 's mind took another turn .
tr	O	I knew she was looking at me , but I pretended to be deep in thought .
tr	O	Panic filled my ears with the sound of my own heart and I lost Will 's words in the thundering against my chest .
tr	O	They had cleaned the apartment , and the room felt foreign without the normal clutter .
tr	I	Eva looks to me as she charges the defibrillator and he 's out the door instantly .
tr	I	Since taking orders he had never broken his vow of celibacy , but he was not a virgin , not quite , a circumstance he regretted .
tr	I	He wore even less , and she was barely clothed .
tr	O	I felt my throat close up and I shook my head .
tr	O	His sudden appearance made Ivan jump , but his drunken rambling made the large man quickly relax .
tr	I	His face flushed and his eyes widened .
tr	I	Gothic steeples stood ready to impale fallen angels , and baroque cupolas were the soft green of antique copper .
tr	O	A flowery dress hangs off her body and her bluish hair is in tight curls .
tr	O	She 'd never applied for a job before and her stomach was tying itself in knots .
tr	I	It took a second , but he tried to recover himself .
tr	I	For a moment that was enough , and she 'd known him since they 'd been kids .
tr	I	Then I ' l have enough , and I only need a little more .
tr	I	The clouds had disappeared for the night of the festival and I remarked to Aunt Libby how lucky we were that the rainy days had departed .
tr	O	A fluffy white cat padded lazily through the room , and a calico preened itself on the windowsill .
tr	I	It still fell from the sky , obscuring his view , and Snow covered the ground outside .
tr	O	The phone buzzed and there was another message from Darcy .
tr	I	A stray tuft falls over his forehead appealingly , but his longish hair is neatly combed back today .
tr	O	Donny cheered up at the mention of beer , and they walked along to the gate .
tr	O	I shut my eyes , and then I feel Henry moving closer to me .
tr	O	He signaled her with his watch and she joined him near the entrance .
tr	I	The water split there instead , and she reached a little farther .
tr	I	My words have fallen on deaf ears , but for years , I 've been telling you that this is not the life I want for myself .
tr	I	Their eyes appeared to study him intently and Tom looked closer at the lions .
tr	I	Here she was , asking me to hold her , and I 'd promised myself that I would never put Liza in that situation again .
tr	O	His gaze made me want to squirm , but I was able to keep myself still .
tr	I	He reached for a new one , and his clip emptied .
tr	I	She looked up at her abductor and the grip on her arm slowly eased .
tr	O	He comes to town , and folks start dying .
tr	I	My thoughts were everywhere , but I tried to focus on Mr. Abramson 's lecture on the Louisiana Purchase .
tr	O	Behind me , Archer muttered something , but I couldn 't really hear him .
tr	O	It eased open on silent hinges , but no one waited for her inside .
tr	I	She felt that not doing it put her status with Ryan at risk , but Meagan didn 't really want to have sex .
tr	O	He 'd been in a small village his entire life , and now he was in a hub , engulfed in humanity .
tr	I	He easily suppressed his guilt over his base behavior , but he wasn 't behaving like any aristocrat , that was for sure .
tr	I	I continue to move on -- how about you , but I 'd be lying if I said I wasn 't haunted by what happened ?
tr	I	Ernestine never had your powers of application , but my aunt is not pleased with the idea of a military career in a distant country .
tr	I	They toss me inside and my heart races with joy as I hear the door creek .
tr	I	Her friend was fair game and right now nothing had been signed .
tr	I	I 'll call you tomorrow and leave your number with me .
tr	O	I asked for the chicken taco salad , but to my surprise Phil did not order anything .
tr	I	They were comforting , but the guns probably weren 't needed .
tr	O	It felt too good , and she was unable to stop the audible moan that fell from her lips .
tr	O	The masked ball had turned into a minefield that she had to learn to navigate very quickly or she 'd die .
tr	I	Seeing everything well organized in one place made Darren see things differently but there wasn 't much new here that wasn 't in the mail .
tr	I	Charles turned away , and they met eyes .
tr	I	It startled Mary , but it was a quiet uneventful dream really .
tr	I	I wondered what was upsetting him the most , and my father still didn 't sound happy about any of this .
tr	O	He probably thought that I was mentally unbalanced , and I wasn 't sure I could argue against that theory successfully .
tr	O	He kept the windows open on his truck so Harley stayed cool and he could listen for anything out of the ordinary at Cat 's .
tr	I	It was crammed with books , and the room was not large .
tr	I	Jacy twisted the knob to turn the sound down , and suddenly they heard a burst of loud static .
tr	O	She didn 't want to speak to Logan and she wasn 't ready to hear his voice .
tr	I	It 's perhaps my own foolish dream , but oh , they may come back here .
tr	O	Laura had tears in her eyes , and Berenice continued to cry , nodding as she looked gratefully to the others .
tr	O	I attempt to wrench the handle down , but it won 't budge .
tr	O	He spoke in English , with a curious accent , and many of the other dragons pricked up in interest .
tr	I	He jerked a plate from the cupboard , and the toast popped up in the toaster .
tr	I	I kick him in the side so he goes sprawling again , and he starts to get up .
tr	O	Ria stumbles at the end of the drive , and I only just manage to catch her in time .
tr	I	Whole populations can be implanted over time , or it can be on a personal level .
tr	I	She had to fight a gigantic battle with herself to find sensible words to speak , and Gabriel was into his sales pitch .
tr	O	It was barely noticeable , but it shrunk all the same .
tr	O	Okay , I don 't know who you think you are , but you know nothing about me .
tr	I	He wanted to do business at his place , but Edgar 's trailer wasn 't far from Marty 's .
tr	O	Every gaze in the place turns to the woman , and she flushes .
tr	O	I don 't know her that well outside of our little arrangement , but I know that much .
tr	I	I was completely at a loss for words and my hands started to shake .
tr	O	They don 't kill all visitors on sight as a rule but you never know when they might change those rules .
tr	I	The beat was now steady , strong , but her heart was hammering .
tr	O	He only had a corner of a French toast piece left , but he spattered more syrup on it before jamming it in his mouth .
tr	O	I look sideways to my left , and there she is -- Zoe , the girl in the pink dress .
tr	O	She insists she 's fine , though , and I don 't want to push it .
tr	O	The halls didn 't look familiar , yet I knew exactly where to go .
tr	I	He lurched backward and Sir Horace 's left foot swiveled around .
tr	O	A hand clapped his shoulder , and he jerked in the seat .
tr	I	She did , but she shouldn 't worry about him leaving her .
tr	I	Her shoulders are slumped and her arms hang at her sides .
tr	O	Her eyes widened , and the sugar glaze coating them cracked just a little .
tr	I	It did , but I tried to tell myself that it didn 't matter .
tr	O	They ate sometimes , but that was the only genuine pleasure .
tr	O	I brought my hand up to my ear and it was wet with blood .
tr	O	Manfred opens his mouth to ask him over , but Bobo puts a hand on Manfred 's arm .
tr	I	Slowly it spread through every muscle , every cell in my body , and my insides burned .
tr	I	There 'd been no one like Jonah , but she 'd been with other men , men she 'd cared about at the time .
tr	I	He wasn 't ready to examine the reason too closely , and it was his first slip in a thousand years .
tr	O	A messenger in black strode through the portal , and she knew what he wanted before he spoke .
tr	I	He 'd also been kind , but maybe Charlie had been old .
tr	I	Ultimately , they were two entirely different people , but they might share a soul .
tr	O	I wouldn 't be able to see her from here anyway and looking back was something I wasn 't going to do .
tr	I	I couldn 't figure out what , and Trevor had some kind of hold on me .
tr	O	The thought of forcing my way passed him crossed my mind , but the other side of the door offered no hope to reinstate the kiss anyways .
tr	O	I could use a night 's sleep , and Verity here looks a little washed out .
tr	I	The slightest mention of my name sends him into a rage , and the next day , he 's threatening me .
tr	O	Her mind was blank , and she sealed up her heart .
tr	O	Stone stormed in his direction , and Chance brushed past a few people in an effort to close the distance between them .
tr	I	If they play very nicely we might condescend not to bring charges and that dumb stunt will cost them their financial security .
tr	O	They 've got the money and they hire the best .
tr	I	She couldn 't do it again and she 'd lived through that life once before .
tr	O	He has some friends that run security firms in Vegas and they were practically tripping over themselves to get the contract .
tr	I	There were signs of modern technology , but it looked like they 'd gone back in time .
tr	O	I didn 't know why I was so sure , but I was .
tr	I	Since she did improv yoga , it could be assumed that she was a yoga instructor somewhere , and Camilla was an odd name .
tr	O	Across the street from the park was a small neighborhood and I darted toward the houses , trying to stay within the darkest areas of the yards .
tr	I	He looked around her and the fuel gauge showed it was a quarter full .
tr	O	She smiled , and her smile was so radiant that it seemed almost to bring sunlight to the murky winter afternoon .
tr	I	Frances woke from her dream with a guilty start , and the sound of creaking verandah floorboards beside her heralded the arrival of another person .
tr	I	There were so many streetlights I could see everything , but it was almost dark .
tr	I	There was water in all directions , but he looked all around .
tr	O	The Big Boss makes his best employees prosper , and the bad ones end up in the mailroom .
tr	I	They got heart , but maybe a little kooky .
tr	O	She tried to cover her flinch of pain , but she could feel him staring down at her .
tr	I	She reached for a plastic comb from the basket over the towel rack and she dried off .
tr	O	We lost our father and you lost your wife .
tr	I	I was just feeling sorry for myself , but I told myself I missed Jane .
tr	O	Luis 's bag still sat on the ottoman , but a swift glance around the room told her that he was not here .
tr	O	Vane hadn 't hurt them and I most certainly hadn 't .
tr	O	I was shaking but I kept calm .
tr	O	I was too afraid my resolve would falter - and that was exactly why I needed to leave Palm Springs .
tr	I	I did trust him , but I didn 't exactly understand what he was talking about .
tr	I	They all started laughing , and Stuart 's lips moved .
tr	I	He determinedly kept his expression impassive , but there was a fevered edge in his tone that struck a chill in Lucien .
tr	O	What made him decide to tag along for Sunday Mass , he wasn 't sure , but he certainly regretted it now .
tr	O	The office was closed tight , but a porch light illuminated the space around the door .
tr	I	I 'm usually careful about that , and I even lost track of the years .
tr	O	He looked just as angry as she felt , and she was glad to see it .
tr	O	I touched that hand , and it wrapped around mine .
tr	O	He offers me his hand to help me up , but I just can 't bring myself to take it .
tr	I	We 'll set up an appointment and you can call me at your leisure .
tr	O	Napoleon let out a yowl of protest but Darcy was determined that she wasn 't stopping until he was thoroughly drenched .
tr	I	No one had been put in charge and there was no real leader among them .
tr	I	The lava turned to rocks and the walls of fire died .
tr	I	Often the changes weren 't good , and Big changes always came when the purple changed hands .
tr	O	They 'd had a light romantic relationship for over two years and her company was beginning to wear thin .
tr	I	The truth was he was just as nervous , but he gave her a smile , trying to be reassuring .
tr	O	There 's a faction council in each district , and he heads up the entire Eastern seaboard .
tr	I	I instantly melted into the ice blue eyes of my love and I straightened up from my cowering position .
tr	O	Cathy said as she ran toward us , but she pulled up when she got close .
tr	O	They had magical defenses , and size didn 't matter .
tr	O	I thought I was standing but I felt like I was lying down the way everything was holding me .
tr	O	Dustin sidestepped and she tripped over Chelsea 's already stiffening body .
tr	I	Skye folded her arm against her chest with a cry , and the pulling away hurt even worse than the bite .
tr	I	His dream had always been becoming a pro racer , but coming from a family of academics , Sean was pushed into following an academic career .
tr	I	Aria caught her arm , but Spencer opened her mouth to explain .
tr	O	I had had two episodes of my discs tearing loose , and both times I had been in bed for three days .
tr	O	That was a weak argument and they all knew it .
tr	I	Jeff felt the deck shiver below his feet and a moment later a loud blast came from the rear of the ship .
tr	O	He did not understand it , but God had spoken to him .
tr	O	She touched and she touched .
tr	O	He tossed it over and I flipped the top up .
tr	O	Amber grabbed Mike 's hand and they ran toward the ruckus .
tr	O	She kept asking Henry questions , and he kept referring them to Lyle Bannister , the managing editor .
tr	O	She got herself under that baby , and she caught it .
tr	O	Those that died couldn 't take anything and those who emigrated didn 't want to .
tr	I	She couldn 't conjure one at will , but a sink hole might have been better .
tr	I	He only laughed harder now and Jake hadn 't stopped laughing at him since they 'd left their seats .
tr	O	My throat was tightening , and my cough was dry .
tr	O	He 'd asked for Victoria , and her mother was going to see to it that he would take her .
tr	I	Our every move is watched , but I can get us in .
tr	O	Well , John argued with himself , but the riot was not really Gordon 's fault .
tr	I	His lips took hers in a sweet , light kiss and he repeated before his head slanted .
tr	I	Adrienne never understood how they could , but some could talk about such things .
tr	I	He didn 't have strength to resist , but the one-legged man suddenly opened his eyes .
tr	O	You asked me to talk to you and I had nothing better to do so I did .
tr	O	Then it was gone , and he was turning again to make his way back inside the lodge .
tr	I	No sound came from the eerie , dark room and nothing moved .
tr	O	This was bad enough , but she actually had a week 's worth of detention .
tr	O	Clint Eastwood looked so cool smoking those raggedy cigars , and they had a mellow taste .
tr	I	It is too late to take back the question , but I don 't realize that it 's slipped out .
tr	O	When the ushers had collected the buckets the lights were turned off and an intense blackness fell .
tr	O	He met her gaze briefly , but his jaw looked pretty stiff .
tr	I	Neil knocked his shot back , and Nicky counted them off .
tr	I	She peered down a narrow flight of stairs and it opened with a squeak .
tr	O	They assessed each other silently and it annoyed me .
tr	I	I was glad we weren 't in River Valley , and no one was paying any attention to us .
tr	I	It seems that being on the run is really about deciding who to trust , but Kellan asked me to keep his existence secret .
tr	O	He was being ludicrous now and it was all she could do not to roll her eyes at him .
tr	I	You have some growing to do and you 're relatively new to the lifestyle .
tr	I	In that moment she remembered the reality of her being ... and for an instant she felt free of her earthly bonds .
tr	O	He looked doubtful , but she had to feel like she was doing something to help , no matter how insignificant it might be .
tr	I	She continued walking , and another moment passed .
tr	I	Something inside told him to keep it quiet , but he started to tell Ash about that .
tr	O	It was one of our only links to our mother , and I wanted to remember every little thing about her .
tr	O	She was joking and I tried to laugh .
tr	O	There are also some entertaining video reading excerpts , in addition to the music videos , and my schedule of events is growing every day !
tr	O	He wasn 't scared to dream anymore and now he wanted to dream to reach the sky .
tr	I	He would have loved those things , but Aden might never have admitted it .
tr	O	Connor jokes sarcastically and Claire slaps him on the back of the head .
tr	I	He gives me the same answer , but I ask the driver about Evie .
tr	O	He 's my husband and he 's been shot .
tr	I	He didn 't pull out right away but they piled into Jeremy 's SUV .
tr	I	The vines roped it to the frozen ground , and the boar 's knees buckled .
tr	O	He 'll be paid generously , and he prefers it that way .
tr	O	Leo joked and Zane laughed .
tr	O	Yesterday , I met a boy who is going to perform today and he 's trained dogs to walk around wearing skirts !
tr	O	I want to believe that our society has a propensity towards less domestic abuse but the truth is social tolerance of these issues is a parallel disease .
tr	I	He wouldn 't make that mistake again , but he assumed that they would be safe .
tr	O	He took a step toward her , but embarrassment forced her retreat .
tr	O	He was lying and she knew it .
tr	I	She 'd always remembered it , and it was a comparison Rob had made once .
tr	I	I didn 't understand its cause but I could feel his rage simmering beneath the surface .
tr	I	Pearl began waiting for Abi to arrive in Bangkok and with that they finished up their chat .
tr	I	She loves me in spite of my mistakes , yet she knows the worst there is to know about me .
tr	I	Something pierced his skin so that he bled and he sank to his knees , not caring that the rocks were hard .
tr	O	Our eyes met and his were stoic .
tr	O	It 's a bright , sunny day , and the trees on the side of the road are green .
tr	I	I was scared to go and she was scared to stay .
tr	O	She felt him looking at her , but she didn 't meet his gaze .
tr	O	Her eyelids slid down and she struggled to open them again .
tr	O	The simple thing to do would be to just follow the northern shore of Lake Michigan , and it will eventually lead right down Green Bay .
tr	I	She was entirely female but Flora was not a woman .
tr	O	The women pulled up chairs around a small table and each ordered a glass of wine , except Faith , who favored club soda .
tr	I	She didn 't have to tell him twice , but she 'd never said anything like that before .
tr	I	Now they were waiting for me and they were sacrificing everything for this .
tr	O	Sheridan didn 't see the point , but maybe it had to do with some sort of closure .
tr	I	I lose myself in the scene and my eyes rove over the details .
tr	O	He stepped closer to her so that his body touched hers , and she shivered , nodding dumbly , her heart beating wildly .
tr	I	His jaw held that amazing shadow of a day 's worth of stubble and his cuffs were rolled at the sleeves .
tr	O	She could then return to the palace and we could rule together .
tr	I	Her voice lowered , but her gaze kept his own .
tr	O	Her phone chimed , and she glanced down .
tr	I	She liked to think she 'd played a role in that success and the French Cafe did a thriving business .
tr	O	None of them were going to retire any time soon on the fees of their clients but they were comfortable for the moment .
tr	I	She was vastly relieved when they reached their destination , but Verity refused to give him the satisfaction of complaining .
tr	I	Her love for him was one of those things , and some things simply were in life .
tr	I	I do not know if I swallowed it , but I felt the cold water in my mouth .
tr	O	He stepped inside her suite and she closed up after him .
tr	O	He had always been somewhat inscrutable , but now he seemed so distant that Allie found walking beside him had become almost painful .
tr	O	He wanted to tell her everything , but he wondered if he should .
tr	O	The soft , gentle voice was still firm , but she could hear the tenderness in his voice .
tr	I	She could see the dream loosening its grip on him as he slowly came back to her , but it took several minutes .
tr	O	Her blood cooled and her skin crawled .
tr	I	His words are meant for me , but Ryan keeps his eyes on Doug .
tr	I	I was getting nothing but I continued to call for him .
tr	I	Then it would ruin my plans for the evening , but the latter was more appealing .
tr	I	I don 't ever want to recover , and I 'm drunk off Skyla Messenger .
tr	O	The sun slashed across the sky , reflecting off the snow , and she realized she was seeing him fully for the first time .
tr	O	The procedure was free and since people were healthier after receiving the implant , the vast majority enrolled in the program .
tr	I	I know she 's awake and I hear her breathing .
tr	I	I have for weeks and I want my parents .
tr	O	They were real events in my life and if I had the opportunity to escape them I would with the greatest haste .
tr	O	I draw in a sharp breath , but Daniel doesn 't turn to me .
tr	I	Ice started to form in my veins and the hair on my arms rose up .
tr	I	I instinctively let her have it , and as soon as I got close , the woman reached for my hand .
tr	O	Sure , she 'd escaped the immediate danger , but she still hadn 't been able to lower the walls that sealed her from experiencing emotions .
tr	O	The water felt cool against her hands , and she hoped it would have the same effect on her patient .
tr	I	Rex is missing , but hey , I hate to tell you this .
tr	I	There was an emergency , but I don 't like it .
tr	I	Flung an arm across her boobs and immediately Claire squealed .
tr	I	I 'm finding it hard , but Doc ignores him .
tr	I	He helped Stephanie into the boat before pulling her up and their hands accidentally touched .
tr	O	She 's with that demon and I got ta get her back .
tr	O	His watch blinked twice and he turned to it .
tr	I	I-I am far too smart to ever give away my heart again , but if I were anyone else feeling this , I would name it love .
tr	O	The fire started , but there just wasn 't enough room for it to sustain itself .
tr	I	I wondered how cold it was in the shade and I thought about the sun creeping down toward the tree line .
tr	I	There would be a feeding frenzy , and maybe he would tip the canoe .
tr	I	They stayed the night , and Linda booked into a hotel .
tr	O	Gear jogged off and Jared chuckled quietly .
tr	O	She 'd killed my mother , and now she was set on destroying my world .
tr	O	The truth stung , but she needed to know it , know all of it .
tr	I	I 'm exhausted from the heat and I must be in there almost a half hour because my skin is pruned .
tr	I	He smelled the overwhelming scent of his stale , stomach-churning cologne and a few more seconds elapsed .
tr	O	He waited for a minute and still there was no response .
tr	I	She kept on writing anyway , but her fingers became sore .
tr	I	It took me forever to get to it , yet it 's such a simple conclusion .
tr	I	A lot of weird stuff had happened already , but it seemed impossible .
tr	O	She 'd never cared this much about a job before , but something in the boy 's dark eyes haunted her .
tr	I	She was home only to die and the treatments hadn 't worked .
tr	I	I have to put my name on it , and now the company is picking shit for me .
tr	O	Hundreds of young professionals crowded under the clouds of ferns , and the restaurant grew festive .
tr	I	His face was bleak , and his lower jaw protruded .
tr	I	There 's no way that instinct is going to go away but I 'm sorry , Lily .
tr	I	There was a black stain spreading across the cloth , and she 'd also dropped her pen onto the duvet .
tr	I	He caught my arm , stopping me in my tracks and I turned to walk away from him .
tr	O	Had us three boys and they were happy .
tr	I	He was knowledgeable of such matters , and the crest imprinted in the wax was not a design that Peter was familiar with .
tr	O	It was time for a change of subject and I brought him back to Morton .
tr	O	Her name is Jen and we look nothing alike .
tr	O	She yanked on the reigns but he refused to be ridden .
tr	O	It seemed for a moment that Katherine was going to let Mom 's snarky comment pass , but she finally gave a long sigh .
tr	O	He 's holding my hand with both of his now and he has his standard charming face on .
tr	O	He had a smile on his face , at least , and he smelled like waffles .
tr	I	It was situations such as this that reminded me how far we had yet to go , but we 've come a long way in our relationship .
tr	I	They followed the streaks of color until they disappeared in the distance , and I opened my eyes .
tr	I	The Goya lurched in the strong current , and instantly the anchor spool began feeding out lengths of cable .
tr	I	Gregor was shocked by what he saw there , and the rat turned his glowing eyes on him .
tr	O	We saw Neil for breakfast , but he otherwise kept to himself in his room , leaving us to our own activities .
tr	I	She would wait until all of her schooling was completed , and the Rileys would finance her research efforts .
tr	O	She nodded , and the power of her energy flowed into Amity as well .
tr	O	I reach for you in my bed , but all I find is space .
tr	I	He collapsed to the floor and his head jerked around with the hit .
tr	I	His brother looked up from his cards with a worried look on his face and Finn found himself chuckling .
tr	I	Soon she could barely make out Suspicious , let alone the others and the gas filled the chamber quickly .
tr	O	His bloodied mouth hung open , and Tavi could see broken teeth .
tr	O	I wasn 't quite sure what it was , but I wanted to find it .
tr	I	Then I remembered I was working , but at first I moved towards the couch , I wanted to do whatever he said .
tr	O	Branches rattled , and fresh , tiny leaves swirled in the air as the wind barreled toward me .
tr	I	It had been so fun , and well , at least she had .
tr	O	she directed and the dog finally ran into the apartment .
tr	O	My client politely pretended that my face wasn 't currently plastered on every gossip rag , but I heard the whispers as I left his office .
tr	O	She 'll just have joined with a higher spirit , but her everyday life will be different from now on .
tr	I	They 'll arrange it and give the Hill traffic office a call .
tr	O	Doctors had given up on Aimee and me , even declared us both dead in the emergency room .
tr	I	Lonergan hated doing business with him , and Alex Cooper was a thin weasel of a man .
tr	O	Gabriella spun around and I lost it .
tr	O	After that Jesse was occasionally frightened again by spirits ; and she did share these secrets with her closest friends .
tr	I	He knows who I am - unless he 's forgotten me , and I 've met him several times .
tr	O	There were two men inside , but that 's all she could say .
tr	O	Nothing moved and there was no sound , just the machine noise of the support equipment .
tr	I	I start my pony and he closes the door .
tr	O	A moment passed in silence , and then Ryan did the most amazing thing .
tr	O	I had coffee with him at least once a week and we went to the gym together three times a week .
tr	I	It had no power over me , but it was as if the cold were a sensation .
tr	I	I shoved him into the stove , but he went to walk past me .
tr	I	It didn 't stop me from stopping by his locker to make sure , but I knew better than to look for Jude this early before class .
tr	O	It knocks me for a second but the break has done me good .
tr	I	Then we continue walking deeper into the darkness , and he nods , understanding .
tr	I	I wanted more of it , and the brief contact was comforting .
tr	I	They sparkled with intelligence , and his eyes were not unkind .
tr	I	I glared at him , heat rising as he watched me , and said Eric .
tr	O	I really wished I had a light near me , but the room was too crowded for bed stands .
tr	O	He 'd thought of her all through the long night , but he 'd stayed in his room .
tr	I	Kylie didn 't get a warm fuzzy feeling from Holiday 's tone , but her mom seemed to relax .
tr	I	The paint on the woodwork was never peeling , and the grass was always tidy .
tr	I	It made me wonder if I 'd ever be a worthy leader , but it was an honest mistake .
tr	O	His eyes wandered over each of them , like a spider across a web of trapped flies , but if they felt afraid none showed it .
tr	I	Steam fogged his vision , and the blistering air stung his eyes .
tr	I	I am in no hurry to find out , and there 's definitely something going on in this place .
tr	I	She loved juicy gossip , and Grandma Mary was sweet .
tr	O	I blurted out , and when his head swung back at me , my heart jumped in my throat .
tr	O	Every team needed a backup to their backup quarterback , and Rick was perfect for the role .
tr	I	She affected him as much as he affected her , and that she was here .
tr	O	There 's a reason and I will find it .
tr	O	Her face is flushed and her hair is messy .
tr	O	She had this fire in her and she didn 't put up with anyone 's crap .
tr	O	She felt silly , but she was not alone .
tr	I	My cousin did not know anything about them , and they were left with me at the orphanage .
tr	I	Yet he doesn 't care , and he knows what he does is wrong .
tr	I	When the movie was a box office hit , other doors finally started to open , and Smith had grabbed that chance with both hands .
tr	I	I entered the building and I asked as Nate .
tr	I	After several minutes , he surprised her , but Jasmine thought Romain might ignore her indefinitely .
tr	O	He still hesitated for a moment , but the general in a white transparent cloak was hardly a woman he could refuse .
tr	O	The look on her face caused Nathan to laugh and she laughed quietly too .
tr	O	She watched his face , hoping to read his response , but his sculptured features went carefully blank .
tr	I	Else this would have been an even more unpleasant ordeal , or thankfully I 'd skipped lunch .
tr	O	I kicked his chest , and he stumbled backward a few feet .
tr	O	He didn 't look fine and Susan knew it .
tr	I	His free hand held her elbow , and as he had before , Quinlan passed an arm behind her back to grip the rail .
tr	I	People took a little longer to turn on their fellow humankind and Daylight was not as scary .
tr	O	We had an hour until sunrise , but my body was already shutting down .
tr	O	Wil didn 't reach the summit of Sigiriya and in hindsight knew he should have .
tr	O	I should try to stop him , but the closer we edge towards the door , the less inclined I feel to turn back .
tr	O	She had known going into this meeting that he would fight her on this , but she had had to try .
tr	O	I 'm willing to give you everything you could ever want , and above all else , I can put power in your hands .
tr	I	It was enough to keep anyone from charging his way , but he fired blind into the melee , since his aim was so poor anyway .
tr	I	It was clear he was following him , but the man was keeping to the shadows so it was difficult to make out any details about him .
tr	O	She searched her mind for something to say , but small talk eluded her .
tr	O	My aunt has her own weird way of looking at things , and sometimes she freaks people out .
tr	I	There was no mistaking , but her tone was polite .
tr	O	The man could very well love her and it wouldn 't matter .
tr	O	My chest fluttered again , and I rolled onto my back , taking deep , steady breaths .
tr	O	She had confessed to Nicholas that she could be absent from the office for a year and no one would care .
tr	O	She was soft and the touch of her skin felt statically charged as it tingled in his hands .
tr	O	Killing was something Rio was no stranger to , but he 'd never before taken pleasure in it .
tr	O	I scream again , but my throat burns .
tr	O	Ryan 's struggles were weakening , and I could see the dryness of his skin , the vagueness of his eyes .
tr	I	It was clear Mari would have been B team if she 'd stayed in the game , but that was bad enough .
tr	I	The others ' faces were stony , but Laurel gave her an uncertain smile .
tr	I	His lips followed the path of his hands and the thin straps couldn 't hide their nakedness .
tr	O	She jerked her head up then and Sadie growled low in her throat .
tr	O	His cell phone begins to ring , and Dad yanks it from his pocket .
tr	O	It would be calming and it would be romantic .
tr	O	His fingers find their way between us and he pinches my clit .
tr	O	She releases her arm from around me and I can finally breathe .
tr	O	Joe flipped him off , but Kennedy merely laughed .
tr	I	It 's important and you need each other .
tr	I	It was no wonder , and he seemed to like that idea .
tr	I	I stared at him and Realization washed over me .
tr	I	The vision began and my eyes roll back to my head .
tr	O	To her , it was a gift beyond words , but she had to express her appreciation somehow .
tr	O	The color was back in his face and the spring was back in his step .
tr	O	She was fighting but she couldn 't get her arms outside of the material .
tr	I	He hadn 't felt even a twinge of desire to do so , but yes , he 'd had the opportunity to replace her immediately .
tr	O	My head pounded , but my mind raced .
tr	O	Now I could see it clearly and if my blood hadn 't been cold already , it would have become so .
tr	O	Her blue eyes had shot fire and her cheeks had turned the most adorable shade of pink .
tr	O	There would be mates left behind and Jax had no doubt they were just as capable as the guys in taking care of Nikki .
tr	I	Ella stormed in behind her , irate , and Ava wore a pink dress that I would have rather burned than wear .
tr	O	The group around me didn 't look so certain , but they got back into whatever they were discussing before I 'd shown back up .
tr	O	Her dark hair is pulled into a French plait even in sleep but a mess of hair from her fringe has fallen into her eyes .
tr	O	He started laughing , and she cracked up .
tr	I	A choked sound bubbled from her throat , and an urge to run raced through her .
tr	O	A moment of silence passed as he contemplated her , and quite suddenly Charlie was embarrassed by her forward behavior .
tr	I	It was kind of relaxing , and he was a lot more analytical than I expected .
tr	O	The little town was used to holding the Pythian Games every two years , but the unexpected descent of twenty kings would overwhelm it .
tr	O	Their story scared some , but it looked as if it gave hope to many others .
tr	I	Now the only thing on his books was our trip to Rio , but he was supposed to be gone almost the entire month of December .
tr	I	For a moment I thought he wasn 't going to take it and Callum glanced from the weapon to me .
tr	O	My insides had fallen into a bottomless pit , and my throat had closed up .
tr	O	It was lying in the same spot on the floor , but it was closed .
tr	O	I lay the stone on top of my finger , and it begins moving .
tr	I	They lie and people deceive .
tr	O	The council 's job is to advise you , but you still make the decisions because you are the king .
tr	O	It all boiled down to money , but it confused him .
tr	O	I wouldn 't go so far as to say he sounded impressed , but he definitely seemed a little less scathing than usual .
tr	I	I was breaking apart , but Seth called for me again .
tr	O	I can see how nervous he is , but he keeps moving .
tr	I	All the worries I had for her future , and Jamie , the main character , embodied all the wonderful attributes of my sister .
tr	I	He had been used to massacre millions and he was Lucifer 's man right now .
tr	O	Kandace might have told on the other rogues because it was the right thing to do , or she might be a natural snitch .
tr	O	My eyes shot open and I gasped when I felt an enormous amount of strength enter my body through the beam of light .
tr	O	In a blur of action Mrs. Thompson was down behind the desk and Robert was sliding down the wall a look of surprise on his face .
tr	I	It wasn 't a copy -- at least of Jin anyway , but Jin saw a person standing in front of him .
tr	I	She couldn 't do it , but she wanted to sink to her knees .
tr	O	Skyler shifted next to her and she glanced up at him .
tr	I	I see now that he was wiser than me , but I didn 't agree .
tr	O	Tears stung my nose and I took a deep breath .
tr	I	Everything Julie needed at that moment and Ethan 's punch was strong .
tr	I	The curious look did not leave her eyes , but she hugged him again .
tr	O	Dusk had blanketed the mountains and the chill had deepened .
tr	O	Halina raised her lips into a soft , sad smile , and instantly she was transformed into a lost , innocent teenager .
tr	I	Her punishments had been truly cruel and Silk had a much worse glare .
tr	I	It still mattered to her to protect him , yet she had known he was a predator , that he could be dangerous .
tr	O	The anesthesia was still in her system , but the doctors had assured him that Claire would be waking up soon .
tr	O	That the pressure would finally break me and I 'd run .
tr	I	I scowled as my phone went off once more and Ramon waved me to the front door .
tr	I	They will never increase their speed , and some people only use two fingers .
tr	I	You 're a couple months younger than I am , and I won 't even be sixteen for another month .
tr	O	Sam 's eyes were suspiciously shiny and his jaw was clenched tight .
tr	I	The jungle was silent , and the sounds stopped .
tr	O	I woke up this morning in my bed and I don 't even remember leaving the gym .
tr	I	He let it go and he felt the floor touch the bottom of the phone .
tr	O	Simone has finally crossed a line , and she knows better .
tr	O	The top bag popped , and a metric ton of old lasagna spilled onto my pants .
tr	O	Most of the tracks are twisted , but some lie perfectly in order .
tr	I	When he stiffened , she knew Ryder saw them , but she tried to blink them back .
tr	I	My body was so fatigued that it didn 't matter what my brain wanted , but I 'd wanted to see the island from the air .
tr	I	Rebecca isn 't willing to give up anything , but I gave up my daughter to keep everyone safe .
tr	I	I 'll ask Claire and Invite Ella if you like .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure , but the other rider could have been Edward .
tr	O	My fear has subsided but my adrenaline is pumping .
tr	I	They made small talk throughout their meal , and their food came .
tr	I	It didn 't look quite right , but at first glance I imagined it must be a whale because of its size .
tr	I	She saw him running down the driveway to her , but there was no sound .
tr	O	Jess 's ears filled with the sound of roaring blood , muffling his vitriol , but she understood his threat to teach her proper behavior .
tr	I	These things were too different , but I knew I was different .
tr	O	Her eyes were framed with thick , dark lashes and her full lips were a pale shade of pink .
tr	O	he turned around and we were moving .
tr	O	She fully opened her legs in invitation and his h * ps fell through .
tr	I	I 've never had a connection like the one I share with Jewell and I 've been with a lot of women in my lifetime .
tr	O	He tried to lean to his right to throw up , but he ended up vomiting on the floor right in front of him .
tr	O	It 's unpleasant , but I learn fast .
tr	O	Change the eyes and you change everything .
tr	I	Suddenly the air tasted sweeter to Della , and the doctor smiled .
tr	I	You 're not cut out for this and I 've been around this business a long time .
tr	O	Will was carted off to jail because of me , and now I 'd dragged Luke into this mess .
tr	O	I didn 't know where he was planning to take me , but it didn 't matter .
tr	O	My hands find her hips and I hold on to her .
tr	O	Thank you ... and be careful .
tr	I	Melody saw many people nodding their heads and there was a ripple of laughter in the crowd .
tr	O	I am still living off the original money on the prepaid credit card , and I still have a lot of money left on it .
tr	O	She ordered for the three of them , and when the waitress returned with their drinks , she also brought out an order of buffalo wings .
tr	I	A slight breeze ruffled her bonnet strings , and she sighed .
tr	I	She leaned forward and Sophie 's hands flattened on the table .
tr	O	Daemon 's hand tightened on mine , and then we were running with Archer .
tr	O	The revelation had been shocking , but it also brought hope .
tr	I	Her face had never been more lovely to him , but she was too thin still , far too thin .
tr	I	Her dark color added to the notion she was practicing to be an Indian , but she wouldn 't take it kindly to be considered amusing .
tr	I	Getting a little rest before the demons showed back up was appreciated , but I didn 't understand his tactics .
tr	O	After a moment he broke into a grin , and Zoey noticed he only had four front teeth .
tr	O	There 's woods surrounding the area , and the mountains loom overhead .
tr	I	The reality of their situation set in and any fire they 'd held inside quickly waned .
tr	O	One of the security guards stopped us inside the door , and Susan presented the tickets to him .
tr	I	That meant dealing with this bastard and he wanted peace from his past .
tr	I	I suddenly feel trapped , and knowing that she may feel the same about me as I feel about her will complicate things .
tr	O	She wanted to take off her clothes in front of him , but she wasn 't that brave .
tr	I	I needed it to make me numb , but I didn 't know how much more it would take .
tr	O	They were in the funnel , and there was no turning back .
tr	I	Suddenly I couldn 't breathe , couldn 't see , could only feel and Sweat became a torrent pouring down my face .
tr	I	Say hi , then go back to their conversation and they all wave .
tr	I	That had been against opponents who were also unarmed , but I 'd studied unarmed combat in Vampire Mountain .
tr	I	I just appeared there , and someone pushed me when I was using my DSM .
tr	I	She felt her heart skip and her mind quit working .
tr	O	They slowly creep round to my stomach , flattening out , and he buries his face in the side of my hair .
tr	O	He walks towards the figure and they meet face to face .
tr	O	He just said OMG out loud and he was a dude .
tr	I	Now she was regretting it even more and she still regretted that day by her locker .
tr	O	They cocooned us , and the tighter they wrapped , the tighter my chest felt .
tr	I	After that wonderful weekend I felt like going back , and everything about the place reminded me why I had gone to Europe for ten years .
tr	O	He lay in the bed with only a loincloth and his chest was bare .
tr	I	I would hope that it could stand up to a rifle butt , but it had proved to be less than impregnable to missile attacks .
tr	I	He was just now exposing the cores and now they were in the third minute .
tr	O	I 'm lucky , though , and I know it .
tr	O	He had to take deep breaths and eventually the pain passed .
tr	I	One I was getting used to , but it was still a sobering thought .
tr	I	The sun seemed its usual angry late-summer self , but Rachel had found herself squinting through the windshield up at the bright sky above .
tr	O	I felt a stab to my heart and it rose up to a lump in my throat .
tr	O	He had lived centuries and there was no doubt that he could tell the time of night when it was safe to rise .
tr	O	I came first , and she milked me dry while I did my best to make her follow in a hurry .
tr	O	The family stayed on , but it was a miserable place after that .
tr	O	The howling of a coyote was not unusual , but Sage knew that this howl was very unusual .
tr	I	I sent Sam to the back for towels , and we were really busy that night .
tr	I	The patrol car was once again dark inside and the car turned off its lights .
tr	O	I hadn 't noticed her rising nor her moving to tower above me .
tr	I	His stomach was turning in knots and his knuckles were white by then .
tr	I	I didn 't know if she could save me , but I wanted Clementine to make it alright .
tr	O	He captured Allie 's arm , and I walked off to find my table .
tr	I	After going through it , we thought this would be the way to get her attention , and Peter had a copy of The Seattle Sinner .
tr	I	They were eye to eye , of the same height , and he sat down directly opposite as Reuben knew he would .
tr	I	I was slowly reentering the real world and rhys had given my cell phone back this morning .
tr	I	They both took a drink and he touched glasses with Haddington .
tr	I	I balk , and the tunnel slants downward sharply , becoming more of a slide .
tr	I	There were far worse ends for a soldier , but no man welcomed death .
tr	O	Not that I was a great cook myself , but I could at least cut vegetables .
tr	O	They aren 't worthy of the Kilburn family fortune , and I 'll make sure they never see a penny of it .
tr	I	She gave him a dark , womanly smile that was filled with the promise of paradise , and her head tilted back .
tr	O	We tried to cut his way through , but it was no use .
tr	I	I don 't care and I don 't know .
tr	O	They connected in a more fundamental way , and here she was , sat in his office with a deck of cards .
tr	I	It surprised me , but I didn 't mean to say that so loudly .
tr	O	A patched brown cloak was draped over his shoulders , and a plain , leather-bound sword hung at his side .
tr	I	She required the three bedrooms next to hers to be refitted as closets and Carlo snored like a chainsaw .
tr	I	He leans closer to me , and his eyes open .
tr	O	Antonia hadn 't heard him come up beside her , but that wasn 't unusual for Thomas .
tr	O	He told me where to take you and he told me to keep you safe .
tr	O	I 'd like to scrub it from my brain , but it 's not like we 've never talked too .
tr	I	The yawning front door meant trouble and the police had not responded yet .
tr	I	You didn 't have good people , family , friends , at your back and it would just suck if it happened to you .
tr	I	On this trip he brought the huge bottle of Southern Comfort , and my best friend Ron always seemed to have some alcoholic beverage wherever we went .
tr	I	The sooner I got rid of him the better and he was more of a burden to me .
tr	I	I couldn 't elaborate , but Lana arched an eyebrow at that .
tr	O	He was home and she was happy .
tr	O	We were naturally athletic as a race , and our metabolisms allowed us to eat like monsters .
tr	I	You 'll be on your way and only one more stop to make .
tr	O	I expected Killian to be upset about my decision , but he wasn 't .
tr	O	I fall next to her on the couch , and her hip grazes against mine .
tr	I	As she turned to the path he caught her hand , but reluctantly , she slid from the warmth of his jacket .
tr	I	He was sure she 'd stop if she knew he was listening , and he didn 't want to interrupt her .
tr	I	He held on , with Alicia struggling in his tight grip , but Paul felt his feet rise from the ground .
tr	I	She could hear the tortured scream of wood being ripped asunder and it was dark .
tr	I	To keep up the disguise now was pointless , but a lie by omission waited on his lips .
tr	O	He would fix this , and she could go on .
tr	O	His fingers were no longer tipped with deadly claws , and his eyes , though still intense , had shifted .
tr	I	Callum grinned at me as I turned around to follow him , and I rolled my eyes behind Micah 's back .
tr	I	They were brilliantly red even in the dim light , but she wore trousers like the men , gathered at the ankle .
tr	O	The forest technically belongs to the township , but they didn 't fence it off .
tr	I	He 's too far away , but I want to punch him in the arm .
tr	O	Edward was there alone and Jacob headed toward him .
tr	O	Things had changed though and she 'd been backed into a corner .
tr	I	It sounds just like my Realization , but this might be because of the accident last year .
tr	I	I 've only taken one in the three days I 've been here , and Gary managed to miss the pills in my bag .
tr	O	Another swirl of nausea rushed through me with a chilling sweat , and I leaned my head over as my stomach convulsed .
tr	I	The dog loved the attention but Matt knew that Fred would do no such thing .
tr	I	He frowned , and I met Asher 's gaze across the table .
tr	I	I had miscalculated my conniving wife , but I thought my prayers had gone unanswered when she didn 't show any sign of doing much else .
tr	O	Her feet scissor in the air , and she looks cute as hell with the anticipation in her eyes .
tr	O	I thought he 'd missed me , but he stuck the mare on purpose .
tr	O	His footsteps did begin to stray towards the Tower , but he made himself return .
tr	I	They were full of heat , and his eyes were on me .
tr	I	He raised an eyebrow and he contemplated her for a moment before his frown cleared .
tr	O	I hoped anger , but flipping a coin would have given me more insight than trying to read his expression .
tr	I	The transformation was amazing , but I had no idea what the theme was last year .
tr	I	My replacement , Ava Paige , is ready to take charge , and I have been decommissioned .
tr	I	Because the doors were closed , I did not know which was Ruth 's , but there was a room on either side of the hallway .
tr	O	The stack of unopened envelopes was my first order of business , and then I read my company emails .
tr	O	I nearly choked on my own breath when I saw him , and when I heard him speak , I thought I would dissolve .
tr	O	I stood behind her , and it took me a moment to interpret what I was seeing .
tr	I	The bedding gave way beneath his hand but he reached out to nudge her shoulder .
tr	O	The only person I 've ever been close to is Charity , and I haven 't seen her in six years .
tr	I	Douglas caught her hand but when they 'd closed the door again , Julia started to go to her rooms .
tr	I	We 've confirmed a purchase by Barr less than a year ago , and the Lake City ammo is relatively rare .
tr	I	His men have already discovered how little they know about getting around up here , but he might think otherwise .
tr	O	He was so warm , and I was so cold .
tr	O	His mouth was set in a thin line , and his forehead furrowed so deeply that his bushy brows nearly obscured his eyes .
tr	O	My leg was aching and I couldn 't be bothered getting up to refill my cup .
tr	I	He wouldn 't be in this world but he imagined that he would be somewhere .
tr	O	She 's gone , and there 's nothing you can do about that .
tr	I	I can 't keep it , but I will treasure it forever .
tr	O	I 've reported the break-in and I 'll handle the police .
tr	O	It certainly did happen , and here was the proof .
tr	I	She would never cross a line , but she may be envious of what we have .
tr	I	Luisa didn 't moved towards Lea , but Lea prepared herself to avoid direct confrontation with Luisa .
tr	O	Sara seemed to be very interested in the landscape outside , but she didn 't fool me .
tr	O	A shape loomed up before her , and Jessica reflexively brought her hand up to protect her face .
tr	O	I didn 't have a clue on what to say and it seemed that the others didn 't either .
tr	I	I felt the heat of that stare even through my clothes and her eyes dragged over my body .
tr	I	She didn 't plan on starting now and giving up wasn 't in her nature .
tr	O	They 'd considered arriving in a stretch Hummer limo , but Kate had informed them that Hummers were so two years ago .
tr	I	Her voice softens a little and her arms fall to her sides .
tr	I	These seats are tiny and you 're way bigger than me .
tr	I	Normally it would rub me very wrong , and it 's more a statement than a question , more an order than a request .
tr	O	She reached for a lemon bar , which she had no intention of eating , but it was the polite thing to do .
tr	I	His expression showed a trace of excitement , but Aristotle seemed baffled by their hand gesture .
tr	O	She stepped in my path , but my face must have looked fierce because she quickly stepped aside when I got close to her .
tr	I	Few things surprised him , and Dahlia was a surprise .
tr	I	They got a readout of surface conditions , and then the screen changed .
tr	I	He felt Artie grip his legs tighter , and his pant leg tore .
tr	I	A shiver of pleasure ran up my spine , and our lips crashed together again .
tr	I	Three hours after we reported for work , it was still dead , and the Saturday night crowd never came in .
tr	O	He knew I was here and he 'd come to me .
tr	O	It hadn 't actually slammed , but it certainly sounded like it .
tr	I	Laila slammed into her from behind , and Nicola ground to an abrupt halt .
tr	O	She 'd seen him somewhere else , maybe inside , but that wasn 't quite right .
tr	O	Something caught the dog 's attention and it ran over to another tree .
tr	O	Holiday reached down to remove her shoes and Kylie did the same .
tr	I	The look on his face told me not to challenge him but I wanted to ask him why couldn 't Lily do it .
tr	I	She forced herself not to fidget at the heat that gathered between her legs and he searched her eyes .
tr	I	It is possible there is a fourth and this concerns the monster that did this , did it to three other girls .
tr	O	He knew how lucky he was then to marry for love , and he knew how lucky he was now .
tr	I	I never will and I never have .
tr	I	He held Rahim 's watch in his hand , and Bill asked for transportation for the prisoner , along with the bomb squad .
tr	O	If you don 't , the toxins will build up , and eventually you 'll die , just like your sister .
tr	I	This time I rolled , and I was dropped again .
tr	I	I was heartbroken all over again and Seth got up to face her .
tr	O	The cover was lifted , and there darted , shimmering in the half gloom of the Chamber , a burst of iridescence from the box .
tr	O	All he had left was Charlie 's at bat , a pep talk , and then Dare was out of here for the night .
tr	O	She gurgled to hold in a laugh , and he looked down at her in question .
tr	I	I sensed the sickening strangled noise I heard came from me and I feared it 'd snap my neck .
tr	I	The game would stop and the ref would whistle .
tr	I	It 's obvious that can 't happen with me , and he deserves to finally be happy .
tr	I	It wasn 't just because he could make a mean cup of coffee , and Women all over Richmond came to this coffee shop .
tr	O	They just thought it was another of his delusions , and he had a lot of them .
tr	I	I could feel my smile fading and my head turned back to Lilly .
tr	O	He blinked and his eyes returned to normal , skin becoming more golden by the second .
tr	I	Her gaze focused squarely on Annabelle , but she stopped in front of him .
tr	I	I know that is something I am no longer entitled to do , but I want to give him comfort .
tr	O	Her head rolled from side to side and she now had a hard time focusing .
tr	I	I heard little crunches beneath my feet and the mirage fractured .
tr	O	He glanced quickly at the porters to see what their reaction was , but they showed only puzzlement , no fear .
tr	O	Xander had smashed dirt into my hair and I can still feel some caked against my scalp .
tr	I	Her assistant appeared and Lorelei 's office door creaked open .
tr	I	Finally their calls were answered , and it was not until the sun peeked over the horizon that activity was evident .
tr	I	She noticed he 'd just had a haircut and he carried himself in that way she found so attractive .
tr	I	The wind rushes in as my dad stumbles into the kitchen and the back door swings open .
tr	I	His hands reached desperately for the trees , but the tentacle tried to lift him skyward .
tr	I	He slipped his other arm behind me , pulling me away , and he kept his right hand on the door .
tr	O	I can offset the general and Amanda can act as our political officer .
tr	O	The house finally came into view and Ethan sat in a rocker on the porch , watching her car .
tr	I	The the desert surrounded the town , and the town surrounded them far below .
tr	I	Radiating from it were two corridors of rooms , and in the center was a nurse 's station .
tr	I	They parted with a demure hug , and Chase followed her onto the street .
tr	I	She had a question of her own but he might think her forward to ask .
tr	O	I found him holding my gaze and I stared into his dark eyes .
tr	I	In need of the solitude he was only likely to find in the jungle outside and Lucas shoved to his feet , restless .
tr	O	His fisted hand comes up to his mouth and he gags .
tr	I	There wasn 't one , but I looked for a redial button .
tr	O	He placed a hand on the man 's shoulder and they were instantly transported .
tr	O	Hyde 's quick eyes narrowed , but Lord Howling was already nodding .
tr	O	The main part of the library was shaped like an enormous dome , and the curved ceiling was cut out all the way to the top .
tr	I	I froze wondering if he was coming on to me and he paused .
tr	I	His face went absolutely pale , and Miles gave Amara one look .
tr	O	I ask suddenly , practically yelling , and she halts .
tr	I	I reached over to get it off the nightstand and my phone rang .
tr	I	Then was quickly shut after him , leaving him in total darkness , and the door swung inward just wide enough for the Prince to enter .
tr	O	Needless to say , Justices took their assignments very seriously and they never failed to complete them .
tr	I	He stopped , but Graham started to say that would never happen .
tr	O	Her brain was focused on solving the problem and a broad smile lit up her face .
tr	O	I puts a fresh layer on every week , sir , and you won 't find a sneeze passing my nose , sir .
tr	O	He tipped the bag up and several of its bright , sugar-coated contents tumbled out onto the mattress .
tr	O	Betty 's mouth gaped open and she looked at him wide-eyed .
tr	O	Someone had poured a horn of wine over Reuben 's head and he now saw Laura anointed in the same manner .
tr	I	My breath seized and my heart froze .
tr	I	There was too much of him and Nicolas was too heavy .
tr	O	Something was wiggling and she wanted to see .
tr	O	They gave off a good vibe , and they weren 't the only ones .
tr	I	Diana looked dreamy , but Keller almost giggled .
tr	O	I sometimes thought he might have been hurt , but I took only gleeful satisfaction in that thought .
tr	O	She could only speak in short bursts or the terror would break free .
tr	I	The Firm knows it , and it won 't be easy on either of you .
tr	O	He didn 't respond well to threats and he hated to be the first to back down .
tr	I	We 'll end up sharing the same fate as Kevin or once we 're plugged in , we can 't disconnect .
tr	I	He finally felt his own relief and he growled at the sudden burst as his release exploded .
tr	O	Her eyes widened and she chewed faster , embarrassed to be nak * d in such company .
tr	I	She glared at me and I smiled at her .
tr	I	They may as well be at opposite ends of the earth , but tonight , they 're sitting at opposite ends of the lab .
tr	O	She didn 't feel well enough to keep up with the conversation , but for Baxter 's sake she spoke to distract them , especially Noah .
tr	O	I heard the lock click and finally it opened .
tr	I	Soon enough Nick had him under him , and Kelly didn 't try to fight it .
tr	I	The smile disappeared a second later , but he smiled .
tr	I	Suddenly , she could see , and her blindfold was removed .
tr	I	That wouldn 't be readily obvious to the Alchemists , and turning off the gas on the detainee level would affect sleep right now .
tr	I	She hoped the moisture wouldn 't ruin Diana 's box , and the sand scooped out by the trowel was caked now .
tr	I	The look on her face is filled with hatred , but Callie is the sweetest girl I 've ever met .
tr	I	Lytle Creek was a real gem , tucked away amongst tall peaks and I had always liked the San Gabriel 's canyons .
tr	O	She would never forget it , but she would never be able to recapture it , either .
tr	I	It could go from bad to worse really fast , and I know that if I panic , my heart rate will go up .
tr	O	I feel the same sense of comfort that I always feel as I pass through my property gates , but it is dimmed this time .
tr	I	It was she who first kissed me , and her dark eyes sparkled .
tr	O	I deserve that and you know it .
tr	O	After a few hours her feet began to ache and her mouth was dry as parchment .
tr	O	Nothing lured him faster than a good mystery , and he didn 't mean one between the covers of a book , either .
tr	I	I have never been able to see his face , but one day I heard the nurse call him .
tr	O	I struggled wildly under him , but he held me down easily .
tr	I	I was desperate to come up with a project , but I had never tried to force an idea before .
tr	O	Her baby would be born where it was meant to be born and they would both be safe .
tr	I	He pushed his shoulders back , thinking of Cleo 's mysterious blue eyes , and the floor thumped as he walked .
tr	I	It is definitely not a game , but it can be wonderful .
tr	O	Aristotle was one of the shorter ones and yet he packed in the most concepts .
tr	O	He couldn 't use that exact account because he didn 't have the password , but lots of people had more than one e-mail address .
tr	O	Sophie looked shaken , but she was still trying to maintain her professionalism .
tr	O	He could hear the Warden shouting for him to stop , but he didn 't even turn his head .
tr	O	I can sometimes get through to Ria 's , but anywhere further afield is out of the question .
tr	O	Kate stood on shaky legs , and the dizziness returned quickly .
tr	I	I moved into the apartment upstairs and I left Mom 's house .
tr	O	Chad arrived in Jack 's office in a matter of seconds and Jack gave him an update .
tr	I	I almost began to hyperventilate and my breath trapped in my throat .
tr	O	He sneered at my comment , and in a flash , my patience was all used up .
tr	I	Luke probably paid to reserve it , but it was meant for larger parties .
tr	I	For now she was content to see that the sound frightened Shema , but in due time they 'd join them .
tr	I	The baby is due today and Michael found a new ward for Devlin .
tr	O	A moment of silence stretches between us , and the band begins to play Jason Aldean .
tr	I	It was enough -- but all she found was love .
tr	I	He couldn 't figure out why and the irritation in Shane 's gut exploded into all-out anger .
tr	I	His eyes are trained on Miller , but he 's trying to look casual .
tr	O	Mal had managed to stop those , but that was no excuse for her mistakes .
tr	I	She slid a hand over her belly , and Excitement squeezed her insides .
tr	O	You already know about the opera thing , but my second greatest passion is port wine .
tr	O	You gave him your heart , and he 'll use it .
tr	O	Every so often , she 'd pull back to sneeze , but then she 'd return to him .
tr	I	I realize that my pitiful performance is getting captured on film , and he 's pointing the camera at me .
tr	O	She didn 't want a man touching her , yet every nerve ending was on fire for him .
tr	O	There was no sudden spike in his breathing , but his finger moved along the trigger .
tr	I	Pulling clothing on hastily and Marco was human again .
tr	O	There were several Lucas Stones , but none of them were hers .
tr	O	He helps me off my horse and we tether them to a sturdy branch nearby .
tr	O	Dr. Beckett is caught in his own lie and he doesn 't even know it .
tr	I	Slowly breaking it apart and the face of the rock was only broken by a tangle of roots , stubbornly .
tr	I	I hit the floor and the platform crumbled away .
tr	I	We 'll get things moving in a positive direction for you right after Thomas has to go back to the kindergarten and you can come with me .
tr	O	Thank God the hallways were narrow and she brushed off of them more than once .
tr	I	He just smiles instead of waking up to the noise , but Darcie 's husband holds their tiny son .
tr	I	I don 't even know if he loves me , and he 'll be four years old in a little while .
tr	I	The deer moves out of the way , and Nita presses the horn with her fingertips .
tr	I	He had made another promise as well , but Anon was tasked to continue his race .
tr	I	I have heard countless lies and I have heard the truth told .
tr	O	She peeked up , glancing at the Inquisitor , and a piece of metal shot at her face .
tr	I	Only hoarse whispers would leave him , but he tried to find his voice .
tr	O	Lacy nodded and he leaned forward to slip his other arm around Lucinda .
tr	O	I started to say Hannah had already done that , but Noelle dragged me out of the bunk before I could form the words .
tr	I	Cabal goes outside to take watch , but Fin lays down holding his pistol across his chest .
tr	I	It wouldn 't budge , but grabbing the bottom of my T-shirt , I tried to rip off a piece .
tr	O	The survival training more strenuous , and within the next couple of days , we 're going to start handing out assignments for upcoming scouting missions .
tr	O	All the animation in her face had vanished , and there was a dispirited droop to her shoulders .
tr	I	She winced , and Antonietta heard the dull thud of his fist making contact .
tr	I	Here she sits , looking at me , yet she 's been dead for three years .
tr	I	She barely took notice but someone blasted their horn .
tr	I	Every inch of sound appeared to be intensified a hundred times and my ears were on full alert .
tr	I	Kate just knew it would be another money spinner for him too , and there were even rumors of him getting his very own reality show .
tr	I	They didn 't have time for that now , and Amy seemed then like a talkative team mate .
tr	O	She giggled again , and I took a deep breath .
tr	I	I saw a glowing path , and I looked around , trying to find what he was talking about .
tr	I	It was dead , but Misty shook the flashlight .
tr	I	What she was really going to enjoy was that hotel suite , but the first-class air ticket was wonderful .
tr	I	None of them had much to say to her , either , but none of the three had been at the launch site killings .
tr	I	I shoved the Reboots in front of me out of the way and Anger exploded inside my chest .
tr	O	He knew what she was trying get out of him and he was not prepared to make it easy for her .
tr	O	Her brows drew together , and her stiff posture tightened , then relaxed .
tr	I	She really wasn 't into this and that maybe I 'd misread her .
tr	O	Gradually her breathing normalized and she walked to her bed .
tr	O	Her palace looked relatively dark this evening , but there would still be guards .
tr	I	With the sheriff , we served the warrants and Wyatt had left .
tr	I	People would believe that it was planning a secret retreat , and it had a reputation for extreme subterfuge .
tr	I	In the end , I was praying I could save his life , and it was ironic that he 'd been born to be my protector .
tr	O	That was the absolute truth , but it was less the hair than what the hair symbolized that thrilled me .
tr	I	Instead he nodded , but he looked like he wanted to say something more to her .
tr	O	She saw his jaw tense but he shook his head .
tr	O	Jack pressed his lips against my forehead , and I closed my eyes with his touch .
tr	O	The windows of several cars shattered and a wizard was thrown backwards into the air .
tr	I	Then he noticed that it was the only sound , and Manuel heard the sound of a struggle behind him .
tr	O	Eden broke into my consciousness and I realized she was eavesdropping .
tr	I	The glass shattered and he smiled .
tr	O	I 'm not sure how to react , and it 's clear Ethan doesn 't either .
tr	O	She hid out in the library one evening but he came in , sifting through some papers , stopping short when he saw her .
tr	I	Randolph crossed over and the light changed .
tr	I	It 's far enough we don 't have to when we don 't and it 's close enough we can see each other when we want to .
tr	O	The door swung open and an icy blast of air invaded the room .
tr	O	Still it 's pretty remote and I 'm not certain how I 'd make a living with it .
tr	O	The blackness sucked her up and she was gone .
tr	O	Tuesday was even better and I hoped the worst was over .
tr	I	I still don 't think you have the patience , but it 's not that you haven 't tried .
tr	O	Never look around a corner at head height , or you were apt to get it shot off .
tr	O	Night Walker said that it was a cougar , and from the size of his paw print , it was a big one .
tr	I	My body tensed and as I pulled open the door she shook her head at me .
tr	I	I was supposed to go out with her like this , but I was told my hair would grow back in eventually ?
tr	O	He hadn 't seen Jasmine for ten years and those years had been very good to her .
tr	I	There was no way he was going to make it , but he began to walk faster towards the door .
tr	O	~ * ~ Pretzel had gotten the hang of the therapy dog business pretty quickly , and several patients -- mostly children -- dearly loved her efforts .
tr	I	I wasn 't terribly envious of whoever he was about to come face-to-face with , and Daniel was muttering to himself as he hurried to answer it .
tr	I	She crawled over to the driver 's seat and her jaw tightened .
tr	O	They were shown to a table overlooking the eighteenth hole , and Geoffrey asked about Ethan 's game as drinks were served .
tr	I	Angelina was barely aware of her father speaking from inside , and the window rolled down .
tr	I	Julia couldn 't believe her eyes and he looked for a second uncertain .
tr	I	There was also something else lurking there , but he still had the playful glint in his eyes .
tr	I	They had all ramped up their fashion game , and they were out for Brooke 's twenty-seventh birthday .
tr	O	I swung my feet up and I wrapped them around it to hold me in place .
tr	I	She returned my kiss tentatively and I lowered my lips to find hers .
tr	I	He also knew my father , and he was one of my uncle 's oldest friends .
tr	O	Asha 's grandfather had been an outcast as well , and he 'd passed down his beliefs to his children .
tr	I	I 'd made a massive ass out of myself and he hadn 't meant any of it .
tr	I	I didn 't even really notice , but the strings cut into my hips .
tr	I	I hated the idea of sharing her with anyone - even random citizens on the street and a bizarre kind of greed had settled over me .
tr	O	My legs decide to work again , motivated by my newly sober state , but every time I tense any muscle it hurts .
tr	I	At first I wasn 't sure how I felt about that , and he asked if he could tag along .
tr	O	We 'll call the authorities and they 'll take care of him .
tr	O	Standing on the sidelines was her brother and right next to him was the man she had been trying to avoid for the past several days .
tr	O	I know the difference - and I know that for some strange reason , Aston is my storm calmer , my fire feeder .
tr	O	His fangs ran out , and his eyes glowed red .
tr	O	I knew what all those guys were capable of , and it still gave me chills when I thought about it .
tr	I	Preston locked this , too , and they had also installed a deadbolt .
tr	I	It felt different , worn , with the sharp edges removed and I picked it up .
tr	O	I looked at my fingers , long and slender with traces of a blue nail polish I used three weeks ago .
tr	I	She could not divert her hand , but the shaking of the beneath her feet began to intensify .
tr	O	He did have a point , but this was the first time in her life that she was the subject of gossip .
tr	O	She knew that was a grenade launcher and she wanted no part of that .
tr	O	The price was far too high for both of them and finally , there was something he could do for her .
tr	I	He bowed his head and Julian 's brown eyes softened .
tr	O	She 'd been a strong voice during the sixties and Dylan knew that nobody held those concepts dearer than his mother .
tr	O	That would just be passing the unfairness along , and Lily would be even more powerless to stop what had happened than I had been .
tr	I	I saw that it was a man driving the car , dressed in black and it flashed in my mind again .
tr	I	Almost every one had Ty Grady in it , and most were of him in uniform .
tr	O	Skull left the Potion Chamber and into the throne she went .
tr	I	You can rescue me , but I would not be able to rescue you .
tr	O	Suzy might seem tough , but she was breakable .
tr	O	The pen slips from my fingers , and I fold my hands in defeat .
tr	I	They were always replaced with something more , but I might have purged the feelings that sent me out there .
tr	O	His expression was suddenly more tired than angered and when he spoke , his voice was unemotional .
tr	I	She knew what she wanted to answer , and she knew what he asked .
tr	O	I 'm sorry , Layla , but we can 't wait any longer .
tr	O	Not with the passion she felt for Max , but with the lingering love they 'd once shared .
tr	I	He glanced viciously at Yuri , and a shadow passed over his face .
tr	I	His voice chilled me , and his eyes seemed to bore directly into me .
tr	I	She tried hard not to panic and she stil heard nothing back .
tr	O	I challenged Electrical Tape but he didn 't budge .
tr	O	I led Kiernan toward the inner edge of the stairs and we crept upward to the dark third floor of the hotel .
tr	I	I wanted it back , and that was my voice .
tr	I	You can probably tell I don 't have a lot of love for my sister , but you may have gotten the hint .
tr	I	Something deep within her had died , but under other circumstances , Leslie might have fallen in love with him .
tr	O	Her fist closed around the cords around my neck , and she pulled , nearly choking me in the process .
tr	I	His body begrudgingly moved and he felt William nudge him toward the door .
tr	O	Few remember , but those few are very dangerous .
tr	I	Maybe he could drown her memory in blood , but he couldn 't get Kathy out of his heart .
tr	O	A wink from those gorgeous blue eyes made my brain melt to sludge and it was a moment before I could collect my thoughts enough to respond .
tr	I	I sighed and I heard my sister run down the stairs .
tr	O	She didn 't want to offend but she had to get away .
tr	I	Before she realized it , she had already passed her destination , and her mind wandered as she fell in with the bustling crowd .
tr	I	She held him close , grinning , and Eddie held his chubby hands out to Holly , eager for her again .
tr	O	They are getting nervous in Raleigh , and as you know , I have an election coming up soon .
tr	O	Lucius swiped his card in the small slot next to it and a little green light came on .
tr	O	I pinched her ass and it made her squeal .
tr	I	It still hurt , but he was gentle .
tr	I	He wouldn 't let her , but she tried to pull away .
tr	I	My arrows whispered harmlessly through the fog , unable to snag those fast-moving targets , and two of the onrushing knights were mounted .
tr	I	He would gladly have dispatched this one again , but it had been a long time since he 'd killed another vampire .
tr	O	She jostled the back of his shoulder , but he didn 't respond .
tr	I	Her loudmouth tendencies were already getting on my nerves , and I barely knew her .
tr	I	She looked up and the dragging stopped .
tr	I	He wasn 't able to interpret them in any way , but he saw the range of emotions in her eyes .
tr	O	She was a hard worker , intelligent , and she was promoted very quickly .
tr	I	She 'd started crying and he 'd kissed her .
tr	O	When I made it back to my room , it was just after midnight and I was exhausted .
tr	O	Yes , she was , and the closer she was to him , the more that basic part of herself wanted to be with him .
tr	O	Dee hesitated for a long moment , but I didn 't help her out .
tr	O	His eyebrows drew together , and for a fraction of a second , I thought he would do it .
tr	O	I grabbed chopsticks and he poured wine .
tr	I	She cracked her head on the floor , and her leg collapsed out from beneath her .
tr	I	Paintings bedecked the walls , and doors lined each side .
tr	I	Anyone could take a look at her arms , which showed that Lea had good muscles , but Lea 's shirt hid most of her body .
tr	O	He intends it as a joke , but the others exchange the look people get when they 're simultaneously surprised by a good idea .
tr	O	His guard turned around and the assassin stared , unblinking .
tr	I	Ryan had won and I had lost .
tr	O	Rema tried to focus her attention outside the carriage , but he reached for her chin , forcing her to look at him .
tr	I	Before I knew to run , tolerance ran dry , and my habits had not gone unnoticed .
tr	I	I 'm in the doghouse again where her thoughts are concerned , and she tosses up that mental barrier .
tr	I	He was in no mood for mucking about and the public was in danger .
tr	I	He dared them to stop him and he had bigger fire power too .
tr	O	They couldn 't know the truth but it bothered me that they disparaged Buck .
tr	O	I 'd found out the truth about who Sugar was , and I just couldn 't face the evening , the kids , my friends , you .
tr	I	The machine slipped from his hands , loudly clanging on the stone below him and her voice startled him .
tr	O	I needed the money , and I definitely needed the medical benefits .
tr	I	Cronus took in a deep breath and the machines seemed to be moving toward them .
tr	O	His gaze returned to her , and the determination she had seen on his face had increased .
tr	I	She says she doesn 't care , but I have no idea where she 's going to stay .
tr	I	It is a light brown with blonde highlights from the sun , but I can 't see his hair right now .
tr	I	He said he knew that you had no interest , that you hated the creatures and he looked at me then .
tr	O	He thought longingly of the king-size mattress in Jack 's bedroom , but he 'd make do with the conditions he 'd been given .
tr	O	He didn 't look good , by any means , but at least he wasn 't at death 's door .
tr	O	The chute opened like a giant mushroom and he was yanked , slowed in descent .
tr	I	After investigation , Manny found hoof tracks but the prints were hopelessly buried beneath the morning 's confusion .
tr	O	We blotted out the names , but the damage has been done .
tr	I	The brown-eyed beauty was one of them and JMS High had beautiful ladies .
tr	I	She wouldn 't be stuck trying to make small talk with a monarch , but she 'd have to leave Simon .
tr	O	Alice sat in Edward 's usual place , and this seemed to make Charlie 's day .
tr	O	Teagan 's eyelids fluttered and she stared at the floor , hoping Jake didn 't notice .
tr	O	I know that you are going through a very difficult time , but I 'm glad to see you fighting to stay with them .
tr	I	I think you will feel the same way and it 's bewitched me .
tr	O	The gate opened , and the knights charged out , armed with battle axes rather than lances .
tr	O	Patch came to a stop , and I could see confusion written all over his face .
tr	I	Then I remember , and for a moment I 'm confused .
tr	I	I wondered if she had felt that sweet jolt of electricity as well , and she looked at me in surprise .
tr	O	Daniel took the lighted torch , and this time dropped down feet first into the small room .
tr	I	He pulled out a little gilded box , and I turned to him .
tr	O	This answer startled me , but I presently recovered myself .
tr	O	I knew who his first choice was , and his response meant one thing .
tr	I	His heart lurched , and she glowed with excitement .
tr	O	Maybe they were all in on it , and it was some kind of massive operation .
tr	O	I 'd never gone this far with a guy before , but I knew I wanted to be with him .
tr	O	The night was cold , but the cold sobered him up .
tr	I	I frowned and she shook her head .
tr	O	We thought you and Dr. Colbert might be involved in that somehow .
tr	I	A man was there , and she turned her head .
tr	I	Each ends in the glowing point of a pain sword , and it has a dozen arms .
tr	I	There was nothing she could do but she didn 't like that feeling .
tr	I	The pain was too intense , but I tried to sit up .
tr	O	He began to undress and Sofia turned her look away , embarrassed .
tr	O	I nodded , hoping by some miracle that time had gone backward , and it was midday on the day I left .
tr	I	His eyes had yellowed , and his skin had darkened .
tr	I	I 'm riding the blinding adrenaline of an escape but I should know that the guards have no way to follow me .
tr	O	My thigh muscles burned and my bottom did too .
tr	I	It 's always nighttime when he does his deliveries and they live on the opposite side of the world .
tr	I	A real man understands that forgiveness is hard , but Vengeance is easy .
tr	I	I found myself defenseless under her gaze , and her eyes were like two sky-blue pearls .
tr	I	He would not forsake the task that had been asked of him , but his heart ached at the piteous sight of her .
tr	O	She now ordered both men from her house immediately , but when both refused to leave she threatened to involve the police .
tr	I	A severed head from the body of a friend was not one of them , but Pussy had dealt with a lot of shit in his time .
tr	I	He wrapped a strong arm around her waist and Gannon 's eyes softened .
tr	O	he said , and Henry hesitated .
tr	I	It 's all my fault and you 're leaving .
tr	I	His mother burst into tears , and Noah 's father looked shocked .
tr	O	The Viking advanced in lunges , and I fell back in leaps keeping clear of his reach .
tr	O	It wasn 't the first time Tiger was made a fool of by Anansi , and it wouldn 't be the last time .
tr	I	I was sure I did the same to him , and he bored me to tears .
tr	I	I think it 's another way to tighten the screws and he 's been trying to blackmail me .
tr	O	I don 't know ' bout that , but it sure does seem like people think everything is so fragile today .
tr	I	We were assaulted by heavy fire coming from a building up the street , but by early afternoon , we were getting ready to head back .
tr	O	I didn 't want to see a nurse but I knew I couldn 't stand in the hallway all day letting Leif hold me .
tr	I	Now I wanted the others and one of the books I bought in Overland Park was the first in a series .
tr	I	He was a neat one , too but not only was he a silent intruder .
tr	O	I needed to be able to look at her without feeling guilty , but that wasn 't going to happen without at least taking a shower .
tr	I	It didn 't make the work any easier under the heat of the sun , but Daniel 's body had gotten more muscular .
tr	I	His eyes blazing with anger and he hissed his jaw tight .
tr	I	His eyes rapidly lost their focus and the man 's knees started to wobble .
tr	I	His voice is husky in the night , like velvet and Luca speaks .
tr	O	Lucky turned away from me and I heard her mumble something under her breath .
tr	I	Finally , my head was empty , but it took a few seconds , long enough for Bluebell to let out another series of snorts .
tr	O	Zane crouched to inspect the desk as well , and his heart stuttered when he saw a small microphone taped to the desk .
tr	I	I smiled timidly back at her , and Ashley stared at me almost wide-eyed .
tr	O	Natalie whispers something to Pierce , and they laugh in unison .
tr	I	She seemed to be taking everything in stride these days , but Colby knew there was still a certain amount of apprehension mixed with her anticipation .
tr	I	Your patience is to be commended , and I realize you have been waiting to speak with me .
tr	I	Sarah had moved to Salem seeking peace , and Olivia brought up too many uncomfortable emotions .
tr	O	Stacked car frames blocked most of her view , but she could see the corner of its roof .
tr	I	A foreman had watched the floor below , or he found himself on a gal ery , a platform where perhaps trunks of tea had been stored .
tr	I	There was a sudden silence in the room and Amy 's voice had risen with her passion .
tr	I	Sometimes it was real scary hanging out with him , but sometimes it was fun .
tr	I	The mom chews them out , and they 're born in sacs .
tr	O	I tried to speak his name but no words came .
tr	O	There was no panic in her movements , and he wanted to smile at her .
tr	I	They told me I was too young for a real partner , but I needed a partner for this .
tr	O	Mrs. Stark was nervous again about meeting up with another car but Missy was in awe of the surrounding forest .
tr	O	The top three were empty , but when I tried the last , it was stuck .
tr	I	I have vowed on my knees never to take life again , and I can only tell you that I am sorry for them .
tr	I	The parachute was coming closer and she was totally awake now .
tr	I	He moved fast but he was a big guy .
tr	I	It was his mission , but this job wasn 't easy , on any level .
tr	O	They 'd left no stone unturned and there was still no sign of Eveline .
tr	I	His blond curls fell into his eyes , and adonis shook his head .
tr	I	I 'm worried but I know I need to tell Bob about my lunchtime visit .
tr	I	I loved that and he held me tightly .
tr	I	Mrs. Kilpatrick popped her head around the door and he called before Julia could utter a word .
tr	I	I never saw him drink alcohol , but my dad ran a bar .
tr	O	I don 't tell lies , ' mumbled Tiffany , but no one was listening .
tr	I	I wrapped my arms around his neck as we slowly swayed to Billie 's crooning voice and I could see desire darkening his green eyes .
tr	O	She held out her hand and the animal seemed to listen .
tr	O	She did not notice the dinosaur , but the dinosaur noticed her .
tr	I	She started typing another message and Leah 's phone buzzed again .
tr	I	Her fingers knocked into a pile of notes , and she turned to stand .
tr	I	He dropped the cheese as carefully as he could , and Neil waited , forcing back his impatience , until the bamboo box was underneath him .
tr	O	James does every so often , but it 's rare .
tr	I	The upper three floors had been made into apartments by her grandmother , but her store took up the entire bottom floor of the building .
tr	I	I 'd counted seven when I finally called bullshit , but I don 't know how many she had total .
tr	I	The West Paragon Dawgs are up by six , and it 's the end of the second quarter .
tr	O	He had no interest in her ... but she liked him .
tr	I	None of it was important right now , but there was so much going on in their lives .
tr	O	The parade route was lined with children , and none of us wore masks .
tr	I	That is no good for the pub , and my left arm won 't work either .
tr	O	There was a standing ovation , and the roar was deafening .
tr	I	The lights in the house were on , but they found the gate locked .
tr	O	The doors hissed open and a handful of people stepped off the platform .
tr	I	I didn 't say anything , but I looked at Jackson apologetically .
tr	I	I wanted a lay , and she wanted a relationship .
tr	I	He doesn 't deserve it , and you 're screwing with him .
tr	I	Then continues speaking in a rush , and she cries out .
tr	I	She had never been able to bring herself to trust a man , and he was a man .
tr	O	Now here I was , just one week later , emotionally alive and kicking .
tr	O	Sleep where you wish and with whomever you wish .
tr	I	At reception they are expecting me , but it is not visiting time .
tr	O	She knew what I was planning to do before we left , but I let the tribunal think I didn 't tell her .
tr	O	Not that he 's looking at me , but the agreement is there all the same .
tr	O	I saw what looked like someone drowning in a pool , but I couldn 't do anything to help her .
tr	I	I don 't have the strength to wipe it away , but another tear fal s from my eye .
tr	O	I have only so much time , and there are things he has to know .
tr	I	He 'd found a best friend in Dean , and his business thrived .
tr	I	Without his clothes he seemed taller , broader , stronger , and he 'd grown in the years we 'd been apart .
tr	O	I crept up on him and when he stopped for a moment , I tapped him on the shoulder .
tr	I	I threw a coffee stirrer at him and he joked .
tr	I	Her frown deepened , and her mother turned to look in Carol 's direction .
tr	I	Maybe she could make it , but it would be a close thing .
tr	I	Which he had always heard was a mystical , powerful place , but it was a place in the Ring which he had never been .
tr	I	It would be cool to make the island our home base , but I was still going to find a way to travel with Meena .
tr	I	The tense pressure in the very air of the room vanished , and she touched the door .
tr	O	I did as well , and we awkwardly shook hands .
tr	O	I 've kissed other guys before , but nothing compares to this .
tr	I	It was freezing out , and he wasn 't wearing a heavy coat .
tr	O	Her young face looked greatly concerned and I cringed at whatever she wanted .
tr	I	Her voice was all at once almost angry , and her blue eyes were glaring .
tr	O	I 'm a grown woman , in college , yet I reacted like I 'm in high school .
tr	I	Her features twisted in pain and as Alaric started to rise , she stirred .
tr	O	He was used to her stopping him in the heat of the moment , but she 'd never let him get this far .
tr	O	He had a good life , albeit a lonely one , but he was used to that .
tr	I	I hurt her feelings , but Brittany said it jokingly .
tr	O	It was late , around midnight , and he was heading out of town .
tr	O	It snapped its jaws at him but the hunter kept out of range .
tr	O	It might look odd at first but you 'll get used to it .
tr	I	Holly didn 't know which man was hurt , and the scent of blood rose from the men .
tr	I	Emotions fired and Adrenaline soared .
tr	O	Steve escorted her to the elevator and they rode in tense silence until they 'd risen several floors .
tr	O	Fingerprints from the procedure room have been lifted but we won 't know if they tell us anything different for a few hours .
tr	O	He had a point , and I know he 's usually always right .
tr	I	They have to watch him like a hawk , and I suppose that is why he is terribly jealous of the new baby .
tr	O	Banbury 's lips moved into what could possibly be a smile and he brought his hand up to the back of his head .
tr	O	When the snow melts off in the spring , the grass gets lots of water , and it grows very fast .
tr	O	It was the first question that popped into my head , and I regretted it as soon as the words were spoken .
tr	I	I 'm supposed to be out looking for seeds to feed them , and my mate has three babies back at the nest .
tr	I	Those standing about could make out a vaguely equine shape amidst the glow and the light receded slightly .
tr	O	Her eyes glittered with tears , and she took a deep breath .
tr	O	It 's a narrow road , and there aren 't any alleyways big enough .
tr	I	They could not escape in the open sea of grass , but the quarry began to run when they saw his hounds approaching .
tr	O	I want to see Damien Stark 's famous control shatter , and I want to know that I am the one who did that to him .
tr	I	It was only the day before Christmas and the party started in earnest .
tr	O	The fire was engrossing , and the warmth that began to bathe her face was pure heaven .
tr	O	Which meant he had sunstroke , and this was a hallucination .
tr	I	She saw the way he rubbed his general 's ring idly with his thumb and his gaze dropped to his lap .
tr	O	I wipe the blood away , but it continues to dribble out .
tr	O	I mean now it all makes sense to me , but I can 't get over how cheated I feel you know ?
tr	O	I doubted it but you never know .
tr	I	They were given a rousing sendoff , and their departure was not without notice .
tr	O	Isaiah didn 't say he agreed , but he didn 't disagree , either .
tr	O	It left me feeling icy cold and I started shaking .
tr	O	She didn 't believe it , but there was nothing they could do until she had closed his wound .
tr	I	Gail waved at the clerk , but she tried to be discreet when she pointed .
tr	O	There was a time when I wouldn 't even have considered it , but these past couple of years , I can 't be so sure .
tr	I	They start acting out and you ignore them enough ?
tr	O	One of the bowmen started to draw , and he dropped next as Amira 's finger trained on him .
tr	O	I know what 's bothering him , but I 'd never reveal his secret .
tr	I	The event had taken place the night before , and this was the morning edition of the paper .
tr	I	I 'm loosing concentration fast and I haven 't slept in what feels like days .
tr	I	They all have forgotten about the buddy system that 's now in place , and Trish doesn 't seem to see the cut in the darkness .
tr	I	He 's amused , but I 'm nervous .
tr	I	It popped loose , and I jerked again .
tr	O	They looked like a black mob and she could see Violet in the front .
tr	I	An intricate knot becomes a straight line again , and Finnick yanks on the end of his rope .
tr	I	They headed out onto the deck to relax , and when they finished , Randy pulled two beers out of the refrigerator .
tr	I	I could hear him texting and he took a picture .
tr	I	You 're ready and you 're strong .
tr	I	It was too late , but one of them called .
tr	O	When I play it back , it 's like it was hours , stage by stage , but it was so fast .
tr	I	A flock of older women cross my path like a gaggle of geese , but I rush toward her .
tr	O	Her long raven hair had been untied from her usual bun and it reached down her back .
tr	I	Now this had happened and he hadn 't had a clue .
tr	O	He wanted to fully heal his muscles , but he really didn 't know how to visualize it .
tr	O	It stung a bit but life in the army had inured me to worse pain before I got out of bed .
tr	O	He looked uncertain , but he finally nodded .
tr	I	To feel good about myself I had to get rid of it , but I knew that it meant much more than that .
tr	O	He tried to reassure me , but I was still too agitated to go home .
tr	I	I know it was more than that and I dream about it when I dream .
tr	I	We 've all been able to guess why it goes up , but it 's not obvious what it 's for .
tr	O	The woman had a name , but those five letters held no meaning .
tr	I	Her face flushed , as if she was embarrassed by his praise as well as pleased with it and her blue eyes were downcast .
tr	I	His situation appears dire , but he has since been moved to his home , where he is being attended .
tr	O	I knew he would have wanted me to use them , but I couldn 't .
tr	O	I 'll call in the grand jury tomorrow , and we 'll have an indictment within twenty-four hours .
tr	I	I finally start to breath normally again and the woman steps back out into the corridor .
tr	O	He slipped to one side , and she slammed him with a knee , in the side of the face , then followed with her other foot .
tr	O	The moon was fullest this morning , and that made for the second moon this month , making it blue .
tr	I	Then she 'd fallen for a toxic girl named Mackenzie , and Jordan revealed that she 'd had a few lackluster boyfriends .
tr	O	Maya picked it up to examine the animal more closely , and it began to purr loudly in her arms .
tr	I	He had never mentioned love but he had said that he knew I was the one for him .
tr	I	She glanced away briefly before turning back to me , and someone called her name .
tr	I	Fans send things to my house back home and my mum gets noticed everywhere .
tr	O	Gideon looked as remorseful as he could , but it didn 't work with Madame Rossini .
tr	O	The French captain cried out a few more times , and then suddenly it was over .
tr	I	My foot ached even more , and I could feel myself tiring .
tr	O	I didn 't know why she left , and frankly , I didn 't care .
tr	O	Martha groaned and Sarah reached back to put a hand on her leg .
tr	I	Any hesitation in her body evaporated as the pulsing need of desire overcame her senses , and then he bent his head down again .
tr	O	She could smell his masculine scent and she inhaled to draw him deeper into her lungs .
tr	O	Fifteen of my men I lost , and twelve horses alas !
tr	I	I could restrain him or he roared , throwing himself up the ladder before either Jacob .
tr	I	I would feel him , and a few more inches .
tr	I	He knelt between them and she spread her legs .
tr	I	She mentally chastised herself for failing to anticipate her sister 's response to her disappearance , and she sensed Nina 's hand in this turn of events .
tr	O	Graeme went rigid and he stared at the others in the room , his features locked in fury .
tr	I	The first dream replayed yet again and it wasn 't pleasant this time .
tr	I	Marlon 's was hopeful , but Pandora 's face remained blank .
tr	O	The Carter family history was a nightmare , and both knew better than to explore it .
tr	O	I made a little farewell bow , and he acknowledged it gracefully .
tr	O	My mother called me every day , and we fought for custody of James 's corpse .
tr	I	They became infected as well , and he bit the three others in the room with him .
tr	O	She frowned as she saw the woman in front of Dorian and her heart stopped beating .
tr	O	Michael even opened the passenger door for her , like a gentleman , but instead of getting in , she reached for the umbrella .
tr	O	Jerome had just taken a cigarette out of his coat , and it fell from his fingers .
tr	O	It can 't be helped and it can 't be stopped .
tr	O	The skies cleared and an occasional shower moistened the parched plains .
tr	I	The stakes had changed , but this was insanity .
tr	I	He 's desperate to hold on and Control is slipping through his fingers .
tr	O	She whispered and we walked over to the chairs .
tr	O	He smiled , as if he found something he had forgotten he needed , and the smile hadn 't left his face .
tr	O	Fans were often crazy , and some of them did just plain stupid things .
tr	I	I bit the inside of my cheek , barely able to stop myself from pulling away , and a warm yellow light glowed between ours .
tr	I	The city seemed to beat with a pulse of life , and Night had fallen again .
tr	O	I had the pleasure of visiting a few of them , and they were all decorated the same way .
tr	O	I 've opened up a lot , but it 's hard , Rory .
tr	O	He must have blinked because she moved so fast he didn 't actually see her move , but his arms dropped empty to his sides .
tr	I	The needle moved with me , and I took a step forward .
tr	I	I want to hear what you have to say , and I 've got nowhere to go tonight .
tr	I	The sand had been like crushed ice , but I 'd been to beaches in San Francisco .
tr	O	She has barely spoken since Alex left , and I have been careful to avoid her .
tr	I	My opinionated , controlling companion was back , and the babbling Mina seemed to have gone .
tr	I	The hand lazily stroking his chest stilled , and she didn 't speak for a moment .
tr	I	He didn 't want to get in to another argument with the well haired weirdo , but it wasn 't even table service .
tr	I	He was no longer allowed to go anywhere near the external fence , and quite suddenly , his rides were limited .
tr	I	Her expression became determined and the picture of cozy marital bliss faded .
tr	I	She sighed with contentment and he had to grit his teeth when her cold nose nuzzled his neck .
tr	O	Scott might consider that an invitation to look her up , and there was nothing she wanted less .
tr	I	He hid the embarrassment with grace , but the kid didn 't look like he wanted to be walked home by Dad .
tr	I	The man only smiled manically back , but the Prince roared in his face .
tr	I	My breath rumbles , and Everything grows dim .
tr	I	I occupy the position of power here , and I do not much like your attitude .
tr	I	They kissed again , and he drew her to him .
tr	I	I threw myself against his chest , hugging him fiercely , and his arms opened .
tr	I	Her action had only been reflexive , but Angelina regarded him in amazement as she folded over the blow .
tr	I	Everyone turned towards the mezzanine level where the more exclusive invitees were ensconced and we were almost there , almost home free , when the music stopped .
tr	I	A nurse tells me to stay behind , but Mrs. Quinn 's allowed to accompany her .
tr	O	His face looked even darker inside the tent , and his long unkempt hair fell on his face .
tr	I	I was fed up with always trying to get something out of him and I was slightly angry that Zane wasn 't answering me .
tr	O	She grasped the wood - and it fell apart in her hand .
tr	O	Dorian feared I was opening up the door for Jasmine to conquer my kingdoms , but I was confident she 'd long since given up such ambitions .
tr	O	At first it burned and he winced .
tr	I	The weight had dropped easily , and College had been much calmer .
tr	O	Every now and again she realized that she was crying .
tr	I	We took off again and he turned me smartly .
tr	I	It 's obvious you 're new here , too and I noticed you in class today .
tr	I	It subsided and I focused .
tr	O	Her mouth felt as if it was covered in cotton , yet her palms were ridiculously sweaty .
tr	O	Michael pointed and they all looked up into the tree .
tr	I	The tears on her face made him feel shame like he 'd never felt before , and he saw her through the window .
tr	O	Looking over to the table , where the panel sat , I saw her standing up , and she did not look happy .
tr	O	She was extremely vulnerable and Patsy desperately needed help .
tr	O	You guys have really helped me from the get-go and I 'm sure I owe you more than this .
tr	O	His eyes caught hers and he smiled .
tr	O	She screamed , but little enough air came out .
tr	O	The crowd-pleasing smile slid from Tamir 's face and he turned cold eyes on the old man .
tr	I	It 's growing , but it 's small .
tr	I	Vin sat on the far side , and there was a small room hidden behind the wall .
tr	I	She healed the creature , and she saw only pain , not ugliness .
tr	O	I approach the dressing room and I hear the sniffles again .
tr	I	He felt a buzzing noise and a few minutes went by .
tr	O	She could see , but it was fuzzy .
tr	I	She saw the danger flicker through them , like the eyes in her dream and the blue of his eyes was deeper still .
tr	O	He can walk with the aid of crutches but he doesn 't like to do it much .
tr	O	Amelia felt the familiarity Sasha was experiencing , and she wondered if this soldier could possibly be Matthew in the same past lifetime .
tr	O	A hackneyed phrase to be sure , but one he also deserved .
tr	I	I climb off and Trent parks the bike .
tr	I	The pictures sold and Ben did well .
tr	I	They crept inside and she handed Sunny the torch .
tr	O	No light was getting through at all and without my sight my other senses seemed to magnify .
tr	I	Most of them just whispered about me , but some of them made polite conversation .
tr	O	He took it up and flung it at the goblin leader , who had his back turned as he faced the fallen Joss .
tr	I	She used its support to regain her balance , and she felt her back collide with the wall behind her .
tr	I	One I didn 't know , and a young guy named Paul .
tr	I	To get into the clique you have to be the best of the best of the best and the Precious Bells are her clique .
tr	I	Somehow the dog was still there , but technically the building didn 't allow dogs .
tr	I	Finding the rest of her family and Time to focus solely on Joshua .
tr	I	She knew he could , but the Shaws would never hear it .
tr	I	His arms burned where the soldiers crushed his biceps and his heels scraped lightly on the floor .
tr	I	They , in turn , became used to her , and she very soon learned all of the horses by name .
tr	O	Maybe it doesn 't start with a V , but I feel like it has one in it .
tr	I	He thought there was a good chance that she could , but he had no idea if Lily could really do that .
tr	I	Her clock told her that her insane husband was the only maniac awake right now and it was still dark outside .
tr	O	She 'd tried to tell him it didn 't matter , but secretly she was relieved he was so adamant about it .
tr	O	Sarah was ready to call in the joke , but Jennifer was so serious Sarah couldn 't smile about it any more .
tr	O	Jake realized they had to be beneath the pyramid by now , or maybe the pyramid was actually larger than it appeared from above .
tr	O	I checked them out , and they 're all in good working order .
tr	I	She knew it would be Isaac , and oh man , someone watched them .
tr	O	Now she was being forced to believe in something out of a nightmare and it was all contained within a man she thought she might love .
tr	I	Her emotions had played a part in the burn , and the burn had played a part in the change .
tr	O	The man 's mustache were frazzled at the ends and the front of his tunic was badly singed .
tr	O	She repeated the gesture and I looked at the well .
tr	O	The door opened and a man came in .
tr	I	I will blow her all the time , but Sunny deflates for some reason now .
tr	O	My mouth twitches with a smile , but I immediately straighten my expression .
tr	I	It was physical too and I felt the pulse of his words shaft through my body .
tr	I	The skinny man shot at her and TJ surfaced .
tr	O	He stepped back , and when she pressed again , he backed again , until his legs hit the side of her bed .
tr	O	It 's a small thing , but it 's something .
tr	O	The carpeting in the hallway had been a deep brown , and the blood , having dried to a darker color , was not readily visible .
tr	I	He didn 't die right away , but Howard sank to his knees .
tr	O	The world spun and I was out .
tr	I	I glanced back to see him standing in the hallway , watching me leave , and he asked .
tr	I	Others looked just about ready to burst , and some of them were oozing white pus .
tr	I	I took a deep breath and my gaze drifted back to him .
tr	O	Her hips buckled and her knees weakened .
tr	I	There was nowhere they might hide , and the universe with its great emptiness had surrounded them .
tr	O	His face is bloody and his clothes are dirty with footprints .
tr	O	Jess agreed , but Dorian could tell he wasn 't happy about his brother accompanying him .
tr	O	A key rattles on the other side of the door , and the rusty metal door opens .
tr	O	Ahead of her , Graeme dismounted , and then he came to help her down .
tr	O	They dealt with Bob and he dealt with us .
tr	I	She knew that Marcus 's worries went far beyond his sister , and Kat read his eyes , the set of his jaw .
tr	O	I wanted to believe it but I couldn 't prove it .
tr	O	She 'd argue if she could , but so far Kevin hadn 't said anything inaccurate .
tr	I	He 's trying to make the best of it , and the killings at the launch site were a mistake .
tr	I	This time shook her head and she again looked in my direction .
tr	I	Beebe directed her to a conference room , and she looked for Dr. Holbrook after lunch .
tr	O	My hands hurt a lot , but I felt good for hitting him .
tr	I	Then she didn 't come home , and she went to work at the Ten Bel s two nights ago .
tr	O	They pushed through the wooden doors and Brandy let out a gleeful whimper .
tr	O	He heard the words she chose not to say and he was torn .
tr	I	He 's gone and suddenly he pulls out .
tr	O	The ends were burned , but the inside was completely untouched .
tr	O	He felt he had been given a new lease on life , and this one was his to own .
tr	O	She sat on the edge of the bed , and her brows rose .
tr	O	She thought about leaving a note , but really , what would she say ?
tr	O	He 's still got things to do , and if he doesn 't do them , we come right back to that third possibility again .
tr	I	She stared at the sleeping cat and her small hands framed her face .
tr	O	I nodded politely , but Noah must have seen my glazed expression .
tr	I	I wiped it quickly away with my shoulder and I felt a tear trickle down my cheek .
tr	O	His teeth clenched with effort as he pulled it out and he staggered back a few steps when he caught the full weight of it .
tr	I	I felt fear and I was in the presence of a visible angel .
tr	I	I knew I wouldn 't be able to get back to sleep and I was far enough along .
tr	I	That didn 't mean it wasn 't there , yet so far that weekend he hadn 't indicated any displeasure with her decision .
tr	O	The concern in his eyes eases and a playful grin takes over his features .
tr	O	It was a dangerous position to be in and I took a step back .
tr	I	One of his hind legs was giving way under his weight from time to time , but he was still on his feet , still snarling .
tr	I	Joni knew he listened and James 's stride faltered .
tr	I	He was gone , and I woke up the next morning .
tr	O	Eileen finally got settled , and we all looked at Mother expectantly .
tr	O	They 've both got swords and one of them has a gun .
tr	I	He looked at me sadly and Zane 's voice was low .
tr	I	It was not an illusion , but it was , perhaps , artificial .
tr	I	Its eyes moved from Tristan to Zoey , but the fairy 's horrid little face was frozen in a grimace .
tr	O	They would soon be passing over the wall where Thomas had seen the flash of light , but it was still hundreds of feet below .
tr	O	His gaze was very intense , but she could see that the storm was calming down .
tr	I	Spencer could tell she 'd been watching , but she turned her head away as soon as Spencer looked up .
tr	I	Then was sorry for it , and Fabian sucked in his breath , tightening his stomach .
tr	O	She tried to wrap her mind around that image of herself , and it didn 't fit .
tr	O	Something slammed into the back of her skull , and pain exploded behind her eyes .
tr	I	There was a moment of silence as all eyes stared at him , waiting for an explanation and Paul felt a wave of hostility directed towards him .
tr	O	The back passage was dark , but the door was just ahead .
tr	I	As she struggled to regain her breath she felt wetness dripping onto her face , and she was winded .
tr	I	Two women came into the room , but she looked like she had more to say .
tr	O	His eyes were now wild with anger and the veins in his neck were bulging .
tr	O	Her Frosty was up in a flash , her brownies devoured , and they were off to render more assistance .
tr	O	They had something to do and here she was crying like a little girl .
tr	I	Pulling it and grabbing his hair ?
tr	I	His breathing had evened out , and his eyes were already closed .
tr	O	I can see her sigh , but she looks straight into my eyes .
tr	O	She would 've liked to throw the switch in her bedroom , but she didn 't want to make it any easier for Butch to see in .
tr	I	He was immediately in pain and something smacked into his hand .
tr	I	He crushed his lips to hers with a desperation that called to her , and he clutched her so tight she almost couldn 't breathe .
tr	I	With her abilities she could literally be in two places at one time , perhaps more and many masters vied for her heart .
tr	O	He was still hard but his face was pained .
tr	I	Then his eyes widened in fear , and confusion passed across Victor 's face .
tr	O	In retrospect , they sounded like I was a head case , but Sullivan didn 't seem to notice .
tr	I	He knew he made good time getting there and he had arrived considerably earlier than the previous day .
tr	O	Channing 's voice was soft , and I felt my blood boiling .
tr	I	She 'd need a clear head in order to do it , and she had a task to accomplish .
tr	O	She kept her breath in and her eyes were still open .
tr	O	He shifted slightly and his free hand lightly grasped my face , turning it toward him .
tr	I	I 'm stunned and my mind focuses .
tr	O	For an instant I was surprised Luc didn 't know the truth , but Adam had said he kept his two lives separate .
tr	I	One wet dream does not a Mrs. Right make , but I 'd hate to be the one to break it to him .
tr	O	Beth ; her sister , always called it a gift , but this was different from anything she had ever experienced before .
tr	O	I turned to Isaac again but he was already walking away .
tr	O	Going to college would cost money and not to mention , years away .
tr	O	This was her third day in the house , and she really hadn 't learned anything of substance .
tr	O	It was obvious that he was spending time with Reva and she was pregnant with his child .
tr	O	He felt the coldness fill the now empty cavity in his chest , and then there was only darkness .
tr	I	He wouldn 't take her , but she wanted to stay with him when we moved .
tr	I	He obediently put his mask in place , but he appeared to be asleep again .
tr	I	A few of them have extra powers , but vampires are a pain in the butt when they 're just your garden-variety bloodsucker .
tr	O	She stared at him as if she 'd seen him before , and whatever had happened made her afraid .
tr	I	He found himself reluctant to let go , but Gray laughed .
tr	O	We reached the truck and I gave up trying to listen .
tr	O	I love you , Harriet Campbell , and I always have , since the day I found you here , hiding among the rocks .
tr	I	The blood drained from my face , and I reached for my purse .
tr	O	She 'd be watching him this time and she 'd see what he could do .
tr	O	He knew she needed help and he wanted to give it .
tr	O	It is difficult to compare time between the two realms , but I am referring to the number of experiences I had while I was there .
tr	I	Nothing would come out , but she opened her mouth .
tr	I	No matter how much I knew I should be sorry for what I 'd done , I wasn 't , and this wasn 't her fault .
tr	O	This didn 't work , and Paul 's words kept echoing in my mind .
tr	O	Xavier sat on a jump seat next to the driver , armed with a Glock , but the gun was holstered .
tr	I	She only moved in place , but Dee made rocking , shifting motions as if trying to shimmy up the table .
tr	O	The boom had been deafening , and I cried out as some sort of foam landed on the side of my face .
tr	O	You 're not really officially in maternity yet , but you 're going to need more room around the waist .
tr	I	He 'd never killed two days in a row , but sure , it felt good .
tr	I	He hadn 't eaten for so long that to Meyer it tasted like food at the best restaurant in Berlin , but it was insubstantial .
tr	O	I would have to go over earlier than intended , but I knew that the Bryan 's wouldn 't mind .
tr	O	I didn 't like hiding things from her , but it would be cruel for her to know .
tr	O	Tonight I was resolved to ask him again but the fear that it would drive him away scared me more than the words from my psychotic friend .
tr	O	Every pain flew from my bones and I stood still as a pillory .
tr	I	We don 't want any distractions , and it has to be a brief visit because the IC staff are still taking lots of measurements .
tr	I	Her were worlds apart and if they were anything like Dylan Talbot , Callie 's half-siblings .
tr	I	Except for the pristine stall mats , it was empty , but the stall should have been bedded if Valerie was expecting him .
tr	O	The conference was already over and I hadn 't been consulted .
tr	O	Her fingers curved around the back of a nearby chair as if to provide support , and he wondered briefly if she might faint .
tr	O	It was the first golden light I 'd seen here , and it gave everything a ruddy glow that seemed somehow forced .
tr	I	His fingers gently brushed my chin , and his gaze moved over my face .
tr	O	Dinner was finished all too soon , and Jack picked up the tab .
tr	O	He was the first time around and it 's even truer this time .
tr	O	There was so much blood on him , but he didn 't seem to be weak in any way .
tr	I	She gasped , hand to her mouth , heart leaping into her throat and she didn 't see him until he was almost on top of her .
tr	I	For Gunner that wasn 't a problem , but there wasn 't any time to reload it .
tr	I	His brow knitted and his eyes softened .
tr	O	His gaze slid over the girl and he sighed .
tr	O	Add a bomb , and the feds see terrorists behind every tree .
tr	I	I couldn 't find anything , but my brain grasped at every corner of my head , searching for something to say .
tr	O	The irises are blue and the corneas are cloudy .
tr	I	He groaned , pressing his advantage , his hands stroking her back until she opened with a whimper , and her lips melted into his .
tr	O	Margie suddenly grinned , and he had to fight the damn blush that wanted to creep into his cheeks .
tr	O	He grabbed my arm , too , and we both took a step backwards .
tr	I	I pull it down , and his gaze roams up my thigh where my dress shifts .
tr	I	He gave a fast gesture with his hand , but Keith didn 't speak .
tr	O	At the tip , there was something else , but Boone couldn 't discern what it was .
tr	O	She glances at a man on her left once she 's finished speaking and he , a greying man of sixty , stands to address the crowd .
tr	O	They seemed to have several leaders , but the guy actually running for governor was the shortest of the three .
tr	O	I 'd be bringing my Sigs , but I needed something with more power .
tr	O	He still didn 't know what this thing was with Savannah , but he knew these past few weeks with her had changed him .
tr	O	At first , I thought it was her husband , but after a second look , I was taken back .
tr	O	A grand piano stood in one corner , and rows of chairs were arranged against the far wall .
tr	O	Surely something should pop to mind after spending almost six months with a guy , but there was nothing .
tr	O	I sunk into the shelf as far as I could go but he just moved with me .
tr	O	For a moment , I thought they were mourning him , but I realized that they could actually heal him .
tr	I	It could help us all in the future , but it might hurt what I can give my baby sister in the near term .
tr	O	He could easily fall asleep here but it was best to keep moving .
tr	I	He seems concerned , but he gazes into my eyes , searching for something , though I 'm not sure what .
tr	I	They were usually the wrong women , but in some ways that was true .
tr	I	She asked a question to which she already knew the answer and a thrill ran up her spine , her head jerked up .
tr	I	That didn 't mean I wanted to haul Nan around , but I was gon na beat the shit out of August .
tr	O	There are no guards here , and we take off running to the food storage area .
tr	I	He sneezed before barking some more and his tongue slapped at his nose .
tr	O	We settled down in our usual spots , and just as I uncapped my pen , he started to talk .
tr	I	With his lips creating havoc within her body she couldn 't even remember the pain , but Mary tried to think about the pain .
tr	O	Winters can be miserable , but there are times when spring 's even worse - particularly in the fens .
tr	O	Winston was two years old and Shawn was ten months old .
tr	O	It never occurred to me the fear that speech had cost him , but now he had said what he had set out to say .
tr	O	Our radio equipment is down at the moment and I need to send a message to my commander Captain Bright .
tr	O	All that I had left were pieces , and even those were broken .
tr	O	The weeds around it had been freshly cut and the windows had boards over them for shutters .
tr	I	The light hit the dark curls , and the late summer sun dyed the wall red behind them .
tr	I	Each minute ticked inside her like a bomb , and her fifteen-minute journey turned into twenty , thirty .
tr	I	I do like excitement occasionally , and Painting is a quiet life .
tr	O	It 's not going to be easy , but it can be done .
tr	O	This is another land , similar to where you are from , but not the reality you know .
tr	O	I will be out there , loving you , and that will never change .
tr	I	Sarah was looking antsy , and classes were already starting .
tr	I	David hung his head , and the sergeant 's words shamed him .
tr	O	I was just a pawn in my brother 's game , and this time , he was truly playing for blood .
tr	O	Chris tried to calm her down but she still kept on blaming herself .
tr	I	Torin 's was intoxicating , and both men had their special scents .
tr	O	I heard the trees snapping and the wind picked up dramatically .
tr	O	He handed a second one to Ali , and she put it on , too .
tr	I	I knew what to put in it and someone had given us a picture frame .
tr	O	I wasn 't really trying to be sarcastic , but it did sort of come out that way .
tr	O	She was done up in makeup , and the dress was low-cut .
tr	I	They were as cold as ice as they held my gaze , but his blue eyes were the same shade as his son 's .
tr	O	I had a meeting in the afternoon , but that was three hours away .
tr	I	Pain was nothing new , but the metal bit into her flesh .
tr	I	It had worked , and I had pushed him away .
tr	I	Her eyes were swelling , and she was so tired .
tr	O	Perhaps the doctors had got it wrong and he had merely been in a coma .
tr	O	His eyes actually slid to the side , and I fought not to look where he was looking .
tr	O	Less than thirty minutes earlier he had ridden a bull to the buzzer but in that moment he had colored like a ten year-old .
tr	I	It left a bad taste in my mouth , but it not only rubbed me the wrong way .
tr	I	I just shove past them , but there are people in my way .
tr	O	It hadn 't appeared at the windows yet , and I wondered what was taking so long .
tr	O	I start to shout , but I 'm pushed aside as wind knocks me over .
tr	O	A pair of headlights appeared , and they were moving really fast .
tr	I	His lips curled back to reveal rows of teeth so sharp they might have been filed down and the dog stood .
tr	O	Jonathon peeked out of the pillar he hid behind , and silence hung thick in the air .
tr	I	I didn 't want him to , and he hadn 't let me go since he 'd kissed me .
tr	I	What if it wasn 't ... But it 's a coincidence ?
tr	I	Darius reacted sharply , but I was joking .
tr	O	It was solid like metal and I began to tremble .
tr	O	I nod , and they cross the space quickly , climbing up to gather up their injured friend .
tr	I	If she was strong enough to stand with Ken , then she was welcome , but Mari was an unknown to Jesse having recently married Ken .
tr	O	There was just enough room for Trystan and me to move around without bumping into each other .
tr	I	That was the last thing I wanted , and his good looks called attention to us .
tr	I	Sakura was rather pleased , feeling a certain type of thrill rushing through her body , and the motorbike hummed .
tr	O	She brought his lips to hers , and they kissed .
tr	I	The implications were far reaching and because ultimately we were manifesting something from nothingness into light .
tr	I	Things didn 't go according to plan , but we slowed down a little to give you a chance to catch up .
tr	O	It 'd been six years , and from what she knew about him , there wasn 't a woman in his life even now .
tr	O	Shields were to protect her , and she didn 't want to be protected from him .
tr	I	A man landed on top of me just as hell came down around us and I dived away from the blast , down the tunnel .
tr	O	Jessica returned the smile , but the expression felt shaky .
tr	I	She didn 't stop , but Duncan yelled her name .
tr	O	It ran through my veins , calming me , but it wasn 't enough to trigger anything .
tr	I	He eased me back down on the bed , deepening the pressure with his strong , firm lips and his free arm pulled me closer to him .
tr	O	One of them had to make the first move and it might as well be her .
tr	O	I 'd lose her if I didn 't , and I 'd rather die than let that happen .
tr	I	Now he felt there was something wrong about it , but he never gave the custom a second thought before .
tr	I	Then I thought of Nikki , and I was thinking of Patrick .
tr	O	I might be a creature of the night , but that doesn 't mean I don 't get startled .
tr	O	He pulled open the door and I swear all the heat in the room was instantly sucked out to be replaced by an arctic wind .
tr	I	We cried together , and I held her .
tr	I	I hoped he hadn 't noticed , but my voice only shook at the first word .
tr	I	Those are rather easily dealt with , and some abductions are perpetrated purely for the ransom .
tr	O	His smile was unhurried , and the warmth in his eyes was doing strange things to me , like making me want to bite him .
tr	O	Silence followed and she knew Ty was avoiding finishing his story .
tr	O	This area of London was unfamiliar to the Corsa driver , but he soon discovered that Cheval Place was actually a mews .
tr	O	You would think that people would try to avoid talking about such a horrid crash , but they don 't .
tr	O	I taste them anew and I am not sure I like it yet .
tr	O	He turns around and my heart stutters .
tr	I	Our eyes were drawn to the man resting in the sunlight , but the bookcases loomed overhead .
tr	O	I know there will be a lot of work to be done on it , but I have the summer off .
tr	I	I was he and he was me .
tr	O	Josh took that as an invitation to follow and he did .
tr	I	Even he is going to be weaker tonight , but I know that Nicholas did well last night .
tr	O	His hand fell from my nape and we just stared at each other .
tr	O	It had been a cool day , and every member of his clan had been there .
tr	I	I have connections , but now , she spoke on conditions of anonymity .
tr	O	Henry had come to him with a more than fair offer and there hadn 't been any more snide comments about Julie , either .
tr	I	He 'd listened to the objective voice of his second-in-command but when it came to Angela all sense could be damned .
tr	I	His bandmates and * * * Danny stood by his mic in that night 's rehearsal with his guitar singing as passionately as him .
tr	I	She liked the sound of it , but she didn 't know exactly what Mirabella meant .
tr	I	Very little sunlight peeked through , and the canopy was dense overhead .
tr	O	Of course there were rumors , old legends whispered around a fire at night , but few modern people believed the old tales .
tr	O	The railroad company promised the ride into town would be fifteen minutes , but it turned out to be closer to twenty .
tr	I	I snuggled between them , drifting off to sleep and both of them climbed into bed as lion snakes .
tr	I	That 's when she 'd make her final judgment of him and Time would show her .
tr	I	He knew a handsome woman when one landed on his doorstep , but he might be losing his memory .
tr	I	He hated bullies even more , but he didn 't like having a little girl following him .
tr	O	The day went by and Lea spent it resting .
tr	O	After Luke gives Seth directions , no one speaks for a while and I worry that the night is going to end in a tragic silence .
tr	I	I 'll tell you everything I know as soon as I see you , and follow orders , get in the Jeep .
tr	I	She swallowed again and my aunt 's tongue moved over her lips .
tr	O	All of the fight had gone out of his voice , and he stepped forward meekly .
tr	I	Dominic proved otherwise , but Fiona couldn 't believe anyone could be worse at holding down a regular job than her mother .
tr	I	Someone leaned over him and the car door opened .
tr	O	All I had to do was let go , and I would arrive safely home .
tr	O	I knew it was only a matter of time , but it was sad nonetheless .
tr	O	My breath caught in my throat , and my smile froze in place .
tr	I	Her vision went fuzzy , and when Emma read it , her throat caught .
tr	I	That doesn 't explain it , either , but yes , my sister within is a particularly evolved dark master .
tr	O	Here is a hero but I can shrink you , change you into anything I wish .
tr	O	My throat closes up and I can 't scream .
tr	O	I 'm glad you found out , and I 'm sorry I didn 't tell you myself .
tr	O	The outfit is kind of nerdy , but I guess nerdy is good in a potential tutor .
tr	O	True he knew her name , but perhaps that was because he had subconsciously given it to her .
tr	I	His expression goes quiet and he glances down at me .
tr	O	I 'm sorry I had to go to such extremes , but I hope you understand why I did what I did .
tr	O	She heard Gideon call after her , but she was already hurrying from the room .
tr	O	Her cheeks were a little bit red , but it could have also been caused by the running .
tr	I	I do plan on rejecting it and BD was calling .
tr	I	I followed him down the creaky stairs and Alec opened the bedroom door .
tr	I	I loved the sound and he laughed .
tr	I	Grace told her she had no choice , but Macy , of course didn 't want to go .
tr	I	She 'd turned talented into brilliant , but she 'd been a talented teenager .
tr	O	Those people died before , and they 'll die again .
tr	I	Tears rolled out of her eyes and she turned to face me .
tr	I	Numerous feather pillows covered a seating area in one corner and elaborate candelabras were placed throughout the room .
tr	O	He could feel her eyes on him as he moved on down the hallway toward his office , but he didn 't look back .
tr	I	As soon as she opened her mouth , the ground fell from beneath her , but she tried to assure him that she would be fine .
tr	I	A Reaper flew past and the ship jolted suddenly .
tr	O	I tried to think of something funny to say to break the mood , but I didn 't feel funny .
tr	I	The first one was yesterday , and you are the second visitor I 've had .
tr	O	Bob led the way to the patio , and Peggy was grateful she 'd taken time that morning to sweep it off .
tr	I	He shook his head , but she started to speak .
tr	O	They had been caught and the devil had put them in the little boxes !
tr	I	The service began , and it didn 't matter because the choir filed into the loft .
tr	O	I live one thousand years in the future now , and I 'm taking you forward to my time tonight .
tr	I	She lowered her gaze and her mouth turned down .
tr	O	We make strategic strikes , but even those have consequences .
tr	I	She shook her head with an apologetic shrug , but the young man seemed to be waiting for Sam to make the connection .
tr	O	They 'd been out for the evening for one of Kevin 's work colleagues ' birthdays and he 'd lost count of his drink .
tr	O	Nuala just stared at me , and I stared back at her .
tr	I	His body still rigid , but his words were gentle .
tr	O	I asked Hoyt to pass on Crystal 's name to the sheriff 's department , and he said he would .
tr	I	He would give her another few days to herself , but he wouldn 't abandon her that long .
tr	O	Ella followed James into the woods , and the slobbering dog trotted after them .
tr	O	There may 've been mutual respect in their faces , but there was definitely mutual dislike , as wel .
tr	I	There was something else too ... and his halo encased him .
tr	I	The touch of her hand causes me to let out a sharp breath , and she asks .
tr	O	Her heart spluttered and she closed her eyes .
tr	I	That 's really low , and you must have taken a couple pints from me on the ship to put in your guns .
tr	O	He had lost a tooth , and his fur was a mess .
tr	O	Father would eye me suspiciously , but deep down he knew I 'd tell him if something seemed truly wrong .
tr	O	I raised an eyebrow at him and he laughed enticingly .
tr	I	None of his projects ever panned out , but he decided to become a researcher himself .
tr	O	He hadn 't been so modest when they 'd first come into the room and she 'd been too embarrassed to look .
tr	O	She now stood before him , and he was looking right at her , with brown eyes .
tr	I	It would leave Delilah alone , but Boone could survey the camp .
tr	I	I also wanted to avoid having any more dreams , and I knew there might be some clues in there .
tr	O	Dads face lights up when he sees us talking , and for a moment , the world feels right again .
tr	I	All that I cared about was finding him , but I realized I could have worded it better .
tr	O	Knowing smiles were exchanged , and Boko spoke up again .
tr	O	It was autumn , and the temperatures were reasonable .
tr	O	Mom wasn 't coming home tonight ... and Sawyer wasn 't leaving me .
tr	I	There she would see a small clearing on the right and the directions said to take the path until it curved .
tr	I	For now , you need to rest , but I know that it will be hard .
tr	O	The masked man tried to make a get away but it was me this time who pulled him back .
tr	O	He pulled on his arms , but the action was only met by a pain in his wrists .
tr	I	He was gone , but she glanced back again .
tr	O	His brown hair hangs over his ears and his sideburns look like they could use a trim .
tr	O	Grease dribbled down my chin , but I was too hungry to stop eating long enough to wipe it away .
tr	O	The tiny gauzy wings just visible on her back were probably just for show , but the wizards kept on staring at her shoulder .
tr	O	She opened the book to the first page and as she read the inscription her face fell .
tr	O	He started chuckling at my tone , but he still refused to answer me .
tr	O	Okay , they might hope for it , wish for it , dream about it , but none of them thought it an ultimate ambition .
tr	O	He had not asked any questions when her belly swelled and she gave birth to what was obviously a bastard .
tr	O	She 'd have answers or she 'd have blood .
tr	O	The tingling was growing in my spine as I ran and it grew to a throbbing vibration that urged me on .
tr	O	Much was done and much needs to be forgiven .
tr	I	The day was long overdue and all else was put aside .
tr	O	Something fiery brushed the back of her neck , and she yelped .
tr	O	The elevator seemed smooth , and the posted certification said it had been recently checked out .
tr	I	I cup my hand over my mouth to stifle a cry , and Anthony coughs , blood sputtering from his mouth .
tr	I	I had no fight left in me , but so the battle raged on .
tr	I	They 'd like fifties even better , and they liked double Ds .
tr	O	I doubted human eyes could 've tracked us , but I knew we were better safe than sorry .
tr	I	Jasmine 's head was practically spinning with how quickly things were moving and Derek made an appointment for her to meet them at the offices .
tr	I	It wouldn 't matter , but hours could have ticked by .
tr	I	The store is broke and my mom is stressed .
tr	O	He had Winston 's arm around one of his shoulders , but the former Keeper of the Blood House seemed to have recovered some of his strength .
tr	O	I 'd had this fantasy that this could be our summer house and we 'd bring our kids here .
tr	O	The rug returned and the candles disappeared .
tr	I	He cannot wait , but he is hours early .
tr	I	The walkway was littered with trash and the air , however , had a pungent aroma .
tr	I	Mondo sadly shook his head and Nora 's hand was on her mouth .
tr	I	They just kept talking after that , but he eventually got the account information for the Center .
tr	O	You are Dee , and Ricky is your partner .
tr	I	There were many more , but a lot of questions had been answered .
tr	I	It wasn 't the last time I saw him and his hair is all white now .
tr	O	Echo wished she could continue to watch Song fight , but she had her own worries .
tr	I	He assured Mr. Melamed that the child had not come home , and one of the Earl 's boys had been posted there .
tr	O	I could file a harassment suit against him for this visit and we both knew it .
tr	I	The risk was there regardless of the number of people , but the wedding wasn 't even going to be very large .
tr	O	I could take one and no one would notice .
tr	I	I assumed we would be continuing on with just the supernatural creatures and Dusk was nearing .
tr	I	The fact that he 'd tried meant he hadn 't taken the fight seriously , but he had missed .
tr	I	Before she found her voice , Zach came up beside her , but she tried to think of what to say to him now .
tr	O	The pilot heard him , and whoever is standing in the open doorway of the plane .
tr	I	The empty bottles were in the trash , and the bloody towels had been put to soak in the bathtub in cold water .
tr	O	He was looking for someone to take over his old job but he hadn 't found anyone yet .
tr	O	A few choice words burned at the tip of my tongue , but I bit them back .
tr	O	That probably qualifies as speaking ill of the dead , but I don 't care .
tr	I	It had a door , and this hallway was shorter .
tr	O	He stared hard at it , and it piqued Genevieve 's interest .
tr	I	His smell was intoxicating , and leaning up on my toes , I breathed him in .
tr	I	I told her to just be grateful Alethea asked , but I 'm not sure Zhang thought it was necessary .
tr	I	Karen 's heart jumped into her throat , and the doorbell rang .
tr	O	He walked out , and there was no protest from Morton , who only had a conversation with the Prime Minister on his mind .
tr	I	He 'd embarrassed her enough , but he wanted to claim Joni as his .
tr	I	I wondered if he was thinking about my words , and he was quiet .
tr	I	I really didn 't care , and I couldn 't hear what she was saying .
tr	I	I felt a pang of pity , and the inner turmoil shone in her dark eyes .
tr	I	No food was served on those plates but there was a fourth place set .
tr	O	The country around the town was covered in wild grass , and they made smooth progress for some time .
tr	O	He reluctantly released Stacy 's hand , and forcing his lips into a polite smile , turned to the trio of women .
tr	O	He doesn 't respond and his silence makes me uncomfortable .
tr	I	It only grows worse , but my hands fly to my ears in a vain attempt to shut out the sound .
tr	O	After lunch we went back to Kurt 's place and Dan explained the deal in detail .
tr	O	I knew it were true , but hearing him say it like that , so careful , made me feel hollowed out like a dying tree .
tr	O	The knife withdrew immediately and there were several moments of anxious silence while they waited to see if their captors had noticed .
tr	O	You need me and Bo needs you .
tr	I	There had to be people in the world more worthy of my time , and I 'd seen dozens of these motels , hundreds of hookers .
tr	I	They 'd better not touch , but all the same , they might look .
tr	O	The candles had died down to shallow stumps and the early morning air was still .
tr	I	There 'll be room , but I 'll have to press my left arm against my side while I 'm in the suit .
tr	I	The doors closed and as they approached the lift they stepped inside .
tr	I	They made the drive in a silence she found excruciating , and McKenzie lived only about fifteen minutes from Jewell 's place .
tr	O	Your father postures , but you know as well as I do that he will always concede to my will .
tr	I	You certainly finished it , but Seems like you didn 't start this one .
tr	I	Mary refused , but Anna insisted on paying .
tr	I	This seemingly difficult teacher had already noticed me , and it was only my first morning here .
tr	O	Kyla tries to stop me , but I shake off her arm .
tr	O	She made a little joke and I felt my heart leap as she finally cracked a smile .
tr	I	A smile lifted the corners of her lips but she didn 't move .
tr	I	He knew it was time to say goodbye and her phones all started ringing again .
tr	O	I was out and Sunday was in .
tr	I	She let out a shattering groan and Rhiannon 's entire body bowed .
tr	I	The cloud dropped lower until it hovered right above her and Haven smiled .
tr	O	Victoria had reached the top of the staircase and now she froze .
tr	O	It took him about thirty minutes to reach her neighborhood and it was exactly as he 'd pictured .
tr	O	I know why , but I ask anyway .
tr	I	She dared not turn to look behind her , but she could hear them gaining on her .
tr	O	These were more battle ready with shields quickly raised over their heads , and though many still cried out in pain , most survived the attack .
tr	O	She bit down on her lower lip , and I fought back a groan .
tr	I	I had made ours with a small bundle in her arms and Abby emerged from the bedroom down the hall of the small house Cade .
tr	I	You need your sleep , and it 's getting late .
tr	I	She started at the sound and she heard her brother chuckle .
tr	O	I lost my mom because of what he did , and now I 'm going to lose you , too ?
tr	I	I have never had a man inside me , but I am not a stranger to anal play .
tr	I	She knew it was true , but she didn 't know why .
tr	I	Then - I heard it , and I could feel it put its hand on my shoulder .
tr	I	It would have landed in the chaff that littered the floor at the base of the mow , and a couple more feet .
tr	O	There was one point along the route where a natural arch was shaded by cloud but the sun illuminated the landscape beyond .
tr	I	That doesn 't mean you don 't have to study but this shouldn 't be hard .
tr	O	My nose wrinkled and I looked down at the liquid .
tr	I	He tracked his squadron 's missions , but he might be out of action .
tr	I	I could see the value in it , but it was a dry , boring text .
tr	O	I just write a check and I never miss the money .
tr	O	On a basic level , a ball is always a ball , but the language you learn in infancy determines what the ball means .
tr	O	Lissy was relieved to hear it was only a minor sprain , and he would be able to walk without the need for crutches .
tr	I	His eyes stared wide and his eyebrows shot up .
tr	I	I touch my chest , startled and her words cut through me .
tr	I	They even left the monitor on so everyone could hear the heartbeat and the baby was fine .
tr	O	She tried very hard not to fidget , but he was so close !
tr	O	I held her closer , and she hugged me back .
tr	I	A moment later her hand slipped into mine , but Kenzie didn 't answer .
tr	I	I stopped in my tracks and a ripple of a white cloak caught me off guard .
tr	O	His eyes gleamed and he seemed almost boyish .
tr	O	Willie was standing to the side but he moved forward .
tr	I	That killed me , and we never really got to talk again .
tr	I	She was filled with excitement she was going to have another child but she knew it was too soon .
tr	O	I already knew , but I was stalling .
tr	I	The sound of torches lent an enchantment brought from a hundred hearths and the room had warmed .
tr	I	I preceded them to the very last room on the right and Evan told me to turn left .
tr	I	Elizabeth had a point , but Fin hated to admit it , even to himself .
tr	O	She sniffed again but her tears were gone now .
tr	I	They are just that , but I have modest skills .
tr	I	I the other and she peered around one side .
tr	O	Her whole body ached , and she was so tired .
tr	O	It was a miracle that there was rain here , and I hadn 't meant to make it go away .
tr	I	I 've just heard from the Roses that they want to speak to Daisy too , and I had the police round earlier looking for you .
tr	O	My fingers twitch under his and he grips my hand tight .
tr	O	He held out his hand to Lilly and she accepted the offer silently .
tr	I	If he had been , he never showed it ; or he 'd never been attuned to me like that before .
tr	O	It had perhaps started as a reminder not to fall for Sawyer , but it had evolved from there .
tr	O	Zane threw in and they all laughed .
tr	O	There was no way this could fit in it and I was just supposed to accept that ?
tr	I	The fox bolted , and he opened the door .
tr	O	Soon , she felt herself ready to face her folk , but first , they insisted she get some sleep .
tr	I	He 'd hold her to it and she 'd signed an employment contract .
tr	O	His harshness snapped her back into focus , and she nodded before doing as he said .
tr	I	Gabe pulled me along , squeezing my hand tighter , and I shivered , unused to being in the spotlight .
tr	I	I only got nineteen hundred , and I had the stomach flu when we took them last time .
tr	O	There were three rows of three buttons , but the buttons didn 't have numbers inscribed on them .
tr	I	I probably would have slept through general boarding , but I 'm not a priority traveler .
tr	O	Bradford wasn 't sure what to think , but he needed time to sort this out .
tr	O	Her ears glistened with hardware that spanned the entire rim of her cartilage , and a rhinestone glistened in the place of a beauty mark .
tr	O	Throw me in a room full of girls and people 's eyes tend to linger on me longer .
tr	O	The earth around us trembled , and several of the girls shrieked .
tr	O	I couldn 't see the penguins anymore , but it didn 't matter .
tr	O	A sorceress named Nadine lives there , and she can show you the ropes .
tr	O	He 'd been running his own business since eighteen , and it seemed to make enough to support them all .
tr	O	Sweet Darkness , she missed her father , and he 'd left only yesterday .
tr	I	I didn 't but I don 't know why I didn 't worry about them seeing me naked .
tr	I	So would the Himalayas viewed from a great enough distance , but it looked relatively flat .
tr	I	With the other four , that would have got him shot , maybe killed , but getting the one in charge had been a certainty .
tr	O	He pointed to his house and her gaze followed his finger .
tr	O	He had a point , but it didn 't matter .
tr	O	The bell rung , and the doors opened .
tr	I	It pulled it toward itself and its fingertips found the handle .
tr	I	That was how it was meant to be , but misery hovered over our heads the entire way .
tr	O	The boy did not respond , but his body trembled with excitement .
tr	I	Titus had to know about Orem , but she hated to ruin the moment .
tr	O	She knew that she had pierced the woman 's soul , but she couldn 't take it back .
tr	O	She had one sword , but I had ten claws .
tr	O	then snatched it back quickly when a gun fired and a bullet tore a chunk out of the wall close to the side of my shin !
tr	I	He did nod , but Hunter didn 't say anything .
tr	O	The bus lost some ground making the grade up the ramp , but once it hit the highway it began to make it up .
tr	O	You said it was necessary , and I 'm sure you wouldn 't have struck the girl without good reason .
tr	I	Egwene was grateful for it , but it was a small kindness .
tr	O	Jace took a step forward and something crunched under his feet .
tr	O	She wasn 't conscious but it didn 't matter to me .
tr	O	We 'll be away for a couple of days , but there 's no need to worry .
tr	I	I won 't dare question it because I 'm grateful , and no , I don 't know how .
tr	I	It would not come , but I prayed for death .
tr	O	Both doors are open , and he 's looking around like he might be overseeing the work being done with the loading units .
tr	O	He 'd hurt Audrey badly , and if he hadn 't quite killed Summer , it had been close .
tr	O	She placed it on the low wall surrounding the waterhole and they began to talk , the woman excited , gesticulating .
tr	I	Warm liquid exploded in my mouth , and he came .
tr	O	The old centurion 's weathered face was sober , but Tavi thought he saw amusement in his eyes .
tr	I	He 'd already won this war and smiling , as though it were all merely entertainment .
tr	O	It isn 't good enough , but it will have to do .
tr	O	Dani was a lot more easy-going around the guys , but I could tell it still unnerved her .
tr	O	The studio sent the script to Cary , and he turned it down .
tr	I	This was like a five-star hotel , but I knew they 'd remodeled a lot of the rooms .
tr	I	His eyes darkened as he stared at me and I pouted .
tr	O	The Titans didn 't have him and no one knew where he was .
tr	O	The kids were playing , and I didn 't want to piss him off .
tr	O	It reminded me that there had been a time when we shared everything , and his laughter had been a constant in my life .
tr	O	He set her down gently , and then immediately kissed her again .
tr	O	I stuck my tongue out at him and Cale nudged me in my side .
tr	O	There were no headlights behind us , but I knew Dad was out there .
tr	O	There is no sign of life and the drunk is already upon me .
tr	I	Her hair is in a braid , and a pair of glasses dangles from her front pocket .
tr	I	She silently wished it were cooler so there would be an excuse to have Jake 's arms around her and it was warm .
tr	O	She was spilling it all out , but maybe she wasn 't making any sense .
tr	I	They 'd decided to travel by Cessna plane , but it was only a couple of hours drive away .
tr	O	I left him , but he followed me .
tr	O	I 've made dozens as we were running low , and the tourists come thicker in spring than in winter .
tr	I	He had a job to do , so he shut that part of himself down , but Shame gnawed at him .
tr	I	The heat of their starter 's fastball was escaping his bat , but to their credit , the Dodgers ' pitchers hadn 't walked him intentionally .
tr	O	Every damn gun went straight to me , and I wondered if that 'd been the best thing to say .
tr	O	The wolf wanted to do something , but there were always so many boundaries .
tr	I	He stepped away until he no longer blocked the sky and his hold on me relaxed .
tr	I	I frowned at him , and he was standing stiffly .
tr	I	For a moment there was silence and he seemed taken aback by her question .
tr	I	The old leader paused abruptly in her conversation , and a yowl now came from the farther peak .
tr	I	We are a family , and I am counting the hours until you are my wife .
tr	O	I put a foot forward , and my spell expired , plunging us into darkness .
tr	I	Before accelerating away from the hotel he shot a glance at Nicole , wanting to catch her looking at him , but he started the engine .
tr	O	CHAPTER ELEVEN ANGEL 'S PIE STAND burned down , and the fire department immediately labeled the incident arson .
tr	I	His smile widened and his eyes closed .
tr	I	He turned to me with a big smirk , and Brad was never lost for a come-back remark .
tr	I	He doesn 't , but I hope he 'll put out a hand , to help me stand up .
tr	I	A sort of moan ran through them , and the crowd shrank away from the hut .
tr	O	I have come to find Mr. Dean and he will not be at the boxes .
tr	O	His skin is always blazing hot and his muscles are tense .
tr	I	I was grateful , and Sam took care of him pretty quickly .
tr	O	Sebastian sat on a chair opposite but she pulled back the covers , exposing the other side .
tr	I	She suddenly realized that I 'd subtly invaded her mind , and she gave me a startled look .
tr	I	This time , I let it slide , but Normal y those words would have started a never-ending battle of insults .
tr	O	The shuttle I 'd missed shot past me and I jumped as an explosion rocked the ground .
tr	O	Charlie flushed again and he laughed softly .
tr	O	The waitress returned with their drinks and they both toasted the sushi chef .
tr	I	I definitely didn 't like him , but I didn 't quite hate him .
tr	I	His body went still , as if he were afraid he 'd hurt her if he breathed , and Nika put her hand on Madoc 's chest .
tr	O	Ted 's physical condition had changed dramatically , but the most striking change in his appearance was his eyes .
tr	O	The tray slides back , and I am inside the machine .
tr	O	They know we are outnumbered , and they have no intention of letting us make it to the council with her .
tr	O	My hair still looked like crap , though , and I grumbled every time I saw my reflection .
tr	I	Each time it carries me back where I began , but it 's like I expect to come out somewhere else .
tr	O	When she pulled the dangling chain , the light went on and she felt slightly comforted .
tr	O	Some things were still in brown boxes stacked in the corner of the living room , and hardly anything was hung on the flat beige walls .
tr	O	We 'd gone together , but at the last minute , Finley had told me to wait in the car while she dealt with the witches herself .
tr	I	Now that she did , Callie was right , but she had not stopped to consider that before .
tr	O	Paul tried to tell her what he thought had happened , but he couldn 't say anything until he was more certain .
tr	O	He touched my cheek gently and I realized he was wiping away my tears .
tr	O	Her mouth opened , but nothing came out .
tr	I	It would also ruin Ty 's good mood , and Ty would probably kick his ass in the end , though .
tr	O	If I was being honest with myself , I 'd have to admit you have me there but I just don 't care .
tr	O	I smiled in triumph , and Jack began telling the story .
tr	I	It was definitely soundproofed but Miranda strained to hear something from inside the house .
tr	O	It wasn 't nearly as fine a blade as his own , but he needed it to protect himself .
tr	O	I was going to say that you 'd changed , and I 'd noticed it before tonight .
tr	I	He could see it in their faces but no one said it .
tr	I	He beats me to it , but once it 's as controlled as I can make it , I reach for the hair sticks .
tr	I	She couldn 't see him , but she could feel the vampire .
tr	O	Maggie saw that a lamp had been knocked over and a candy dish lay upside down on the carpet .
tr	I	No one else is in the lot when we pull in , but I expect the lake to be crowded with parked cars with steamy windows .
tr	O	It was hard to make out its gigantic circumference , but it must have been the size of a spaceship .
tr	O	He had just spotted the other presents under the Christmas tree , and he was eager to get his hands on them .
tr	I	The guys weren 't signing near as many autographs and girls stopped fainting in the hallways .
tr	I	He gave me a charming smile , and the next second , the violence was gone .
tr	I	They were almost run over by a blur and Geary followed Kat as she crossed the street .
tr	O	The writing was crooked , but in many ways , it was the most beautiful thing she 'd ever seen .
tr	O	The widow cast a glance at her , and a new wave of sobbing burst out .
tr	I	The jaguar males who had banded together were determined to possess them and there were very few women capable of shifting .
tr	I	Going great guns and larger than life .
tr	I	I 've seen him entering the elevator and I was heading back to the reception .
tr	I	I know you can be happy somewhere else and you don 't have anything tying you here .
tr	I	In that moment , I saw every one of my mistakes asking me to make them again , but I do love him .
tr	O	I see a tear roll down her cheek , but she swiftly wipes it away with her hand .
tr	I	Best of all , he was the champion at what he did , and the man was insatiable .
tr	O	Opinions are a natural human process , and we all have them .
tr	O	Their month together had been like one big drunken binge , and they 'd spent the past three weeks paying for it .
tr	O	The edges are frayed and there is a writing on it that I have not seen before .
tr	O	Her crossed arms impacted the demons , and they were thrown in every direction .
tr	I	Alex envied them that , and they were building a life together .
tr	I	They set off for Sandoval 's a little after six and Kate got ready .
tr	I	She could maneuver around the people in the open courtyard easier than she could any manmade corridor but the crowd was thick .
tr	O	They could not hope to respond , but it hardly mattered .
tr	O	She didn 't really , but she was definitely curious .
tr	O	She has to have everything the same color , but I think our tree looks better .
tr	I	He pressed the square in the center , and I did .
tr	O	He did not feel like fighting Paul , but it would be what it would be .
tr	I	He bought into it , but a silly process it seemed .
tr	I	I checked the time on my cell phone and my stomach growled again .
tr	O	They exchanged some looks , and one of them asked .
tr	I	We played for a while and I had some friends over .
tr	I	At some point I became aware that things had changed , but Chapter 11 Unknown Time I don 't know how long I cried .
tr	O	He was a junior partner with the firm these days and his talents were in high demand .
tr	O	Orlando was doing a much better job of holding it together today , but everyone else was practically trembling with excitement .
tr	O	I put my fingertips to her face and she closed her eyes .
tr	O	Three of them were completely nude , and I hadn 't seen that before .
tr	I	At least I 'll go down swinging , but I may still die from embarrassment tonight .
tr	O	Jase held me tighter and I instantly felt better .
tr	I	They fell behind and her pace quickened .
tr	I	They only served as scotch tape over an open wound of loneliness , but she had tried to fill her time with church activities .
tr	O	At least she didn 't think it was , but oh heck , she wasn 't completely sure .
tr	O	He shook his head and she stomped her foot .
tr	I	I wasn 't in the mood at the moment , but he tried to joke .
tr	I	Then he made his way upstairs to wait yet another day , and Edgar gazed down at her for a long moment more .
tr	O	Maybe I shouldn 't have followed that light into the hills , but I did .
tr	I	He thought he might explode with it if left to himself , and there was such a pain within him .
tr	I	Even in the twilight he saw a smirk form on her lips and the moon illuminated her face .
tr	I	She 'd feel as strongly as ever about her commitment to Rush and these doubts would be gone by morning .
tr	O	His perfect body was pressed against me , but I wanted him closer .
tr	I	She seemed to be waiting for me yesterday , yet I was a jerk to her .
tr	O	I love you and I 'll see you tonight .
tr	I	If it had come for me , I didn 't think I could have done anything about it , and my head still spun wildly .
tr	O	Simon turned on some Count Basie and we hurried down the chilly path .
tr	I	Those canines would make a nice meal for someone else , but Elijah could have easily eliminated all of them .
tr	I	The pain inflicted from the last attack had dazed her , but she knew he was above her .
tr	O	Alice only sees very young vampires coming on the hunt , but obviously someone created them .
tr	O	Tosh 's phone rang so many times Lacy thought it was going to go to voicemail , but at last he picked up .
tr	O	Considering the forces at work , we probably shouldn 't have worried , but we did all the same .
tr	I	She gave me life and you gave me time .
tr	I	You didn 't do this , but it might be your work .
tr	O	I tried to stop her , but she pulled away from me .
tr	I	I tied it back with a rubber band that was in a drawer and when I fixed my face I brushed through my hair with my fingers .
tr	O	He knew his mouth was hanging open , but he was at a loss for words .
tr	I	That someone was me - and his eyes widened when he realized there was someone in his house .
tr	I	I am poor and I am not envious that she is rich .
tr	I	He needs me and I need him .
tr	O	She kissed my cheek first , and then Grandma Mary 's .
tr	O	I have no heart and my soul is dark .
tr	I	Valerie was instantly caught in a whirlwind of sensation , and the driving force of his kiss parted her lips .
tr	I	The Balance is a variable , and just know that The Law is a constant .
tr	I	His face had gone pale and his shoulders were rounded forward .
tr	I	It was small , tiny compared to the other , but Riley saw then he did have another arm .
tr	I	Zeus indicated that it was time for them to go and by half past eleven they had all enjoyed several drinks .
tr	O	It was windy out , but that didn 't stop the group from tossing a Frisbee around .
tr	O	Patti scurried away to the kitchen , and Sabrina shifted in her seat .
tr	I	It did when my phone buzzed telling me I had a text , but I didn 't want any of it to end .
tr	I	There seemed little doubt even that flick was meaningful , and Gabriel 's magic was strong .
tr	I	I 'd be vulnerable to an easy death once I was unconscious , but I couldn 't die if I passed out from lack of air .
tr	I	It looked so much more delicate on this side of existence , but her face bore the same contours .
tr	I	I think the pros outweigh the cons , but yeah , there are worries about concussions .
tr	I	That was not true either , but he had expected rotting decay at every turn .
tr	I	Nothing was ever going to tear us apart , and I liked seeing them bound together , like we were one .
tr	I	It was definitely him , but he had a beard , which I had seen him wear only in a few pictures from his college days .
tr	I	The other side of the bed was empty but he reached out to his right .
tr	I	He simply hadn 't bothered to come back for the few possessions he 'd left here , and maybe Mr. Layton was fine .
tr	O	Her heart raced to a fast song and she feared it would be Soldier Dude .
tr	I	I lean down , ready to finally press my mouth to his and he licks his bottom lip .
tr	O	That 's impressive , but unfortunately , Jacqueline is not even Top Secret .
tr	O	Her body stung , but it felt good to be clean again .
tr	I	Already my vision has a black tinge around it , but I struggle for breath .
tr	I	They found themselves on the beach , with the barge floating close to the shore and the room changed again .
tr	I	It was enough to make me feel more than terrified , but I had no idea how much they 'd caught .
tr	I	Castile stays put , but I pick up the phone to call Priam .
tr	I	Antonia smiled to him with Brent behind her and she watched the door open up .
tr	I	Lots of questions have to be asked of lots of people and we 're pursuing every angle we can .
tr	I	We should have never been separated and you are my mother after all .
tr	I	She planned to return the favor , the only reason for that being that she didn 't want to owe him , and Dustin had saved her .
tr	I	Lights are turned back on and the priestess is hauled off .
tr	O	It was hard to talk , but I couldn 't help myself from expressing my pain .
tr	I	As a result , there had been no way they could control him , and he 'd trusted no one to come near him .
tr	O	Momma had wanted me to tell Rock , but I wasn 't going to .
tr	I	I 'm going to hold him and I 'm going to find him .
tr	O	Her skin was so very cold and she was so very still .
tr	I	Whatever foreign force was injected into them was eventually what killed them and their magic was not their own .
tr	I	Miranda stayed home to take care of him and Jax was running a fever .
tr	I	He wore it well , and that type of confidence was sexy .
tr	I	We both know the other one knows it , and for a second I feel like we both know I 'm lying .
tr	O	He didn 't have quite the same level of grace , but he nonetheless landed without a scratch .
tr	O	The door opened and Clubs hobbled in .
tr	I	Once you pass some basic tests , you apply for jobs , and you really can sign on as a mystery shopper with various marketing companies .
tr	I	She agreed but the music was so loud she could barely hear Parker .
tr	O	Each Shifter clan tended more toward one wildcat species than others , and Niall 's family had always had much lion in it .
tr	O	The moon shone on glittering eyes and there was the whisper of hot , panting breath .
tr	O	We can start over and I 'll keep you safe .
tr	O	I walk up to the cot , shivering with the endless chill in my bones , and Sleepy Teddy 's glassy eyes watch me .
tr	O	They are arming and they are waiting .
tr	O	She can 't go home to Whitney and she can 't come to us .
tr	I	She never tried to remove it , but my fingers became tangled in her hair .
tr	O	He rose with a half smile , and the board members shuffled out , throwing questioning glances his way .
tr	O	His skin had an ashen gray color to it , and there were no signs of life left within him .
tr	O	I want it hard , and I want it now .
tr	O	I know guys usually don 't care about decor , but it had seemed sparse , even for a bachelor .
tr	I	The man takes all the credit , and the woman does all the work .
tr	O	It took forever to get to the house , but when we did , the rain suddenly stopped .
tr	O	I 'd danced ballet for many years , and that certainly helped me keep my balance .
tr	O	Case followed , and he made sure to keep a tight grip on the remote that controlled David 's silver collar .
tr	O	Problems in these areas were minor for the first 30 minutes and their inhabitants slept through the carnage going on in other areas .
tr	I	A huge swell of love for him rolled through her , and he 'd decided to fight her rejection , attack the reasons behind it .
tr	I	They never complained but it was a hard life in the village .
tr	I	Unable to help , but people screaming , running about frantically .
tr	I	It 's not in a field , but it 's not in a city .
tr	O	Maybe I was in hell , but it didn 't seem like it .
tr	O	They had beaten him and he had allowed it .
tr	I	She saw the faintest flickering of hope light his green eyes , and his gaze lingered at her neck .
tr	O	Jan was a gracious hostess , and Oliver enjoyed the way people reacted to her .
tr	O	He could barely see the features of her face , but they didn 't look as sad as he would 've expected .
tr	I	His teeth snapped at the bastard 's neck , and his paws slammed into Saul 's side .
tr	O	Giddy glee bursts across my face , and then I do as he asks .
tr	O	Chapter quotes ( by real people ) belong to the person who spoke them and no infringement is intended .
tr	O	The dust on the floor was much more scuffed than it had been elsewhere , and there were spatters of red everywhere .
tr	O	She didn 't know about any of that , but she liked writing it all down .
tr	O	She ached inside with the need to touch him , and then was instantly irritated with herself .
tr	I	His eyes were sparkling too much , but he tried to level me with a glare .
tr	O	The DVD had apparently ended , and now Lucy was saying that she needed to use the bathroom .
tr	O	His face was flushed a bright red and his bulged eyes held a look of fright in them .
tr	I	I clung on to his leg and he pulled me to him tightly .
tr	I	Sam 's steely calm could not be good , but so she had enough enthusiasm for the both of them .
tr	I	The boxes were gone and the place was clean of dust .
tr	O	asked Thad , and the room became suddenly silent .
tr	I	I also know I 'm not perfect , but look , I know I 'm pretty .
tr	O	I wanted to know , and I was afraid at the same time .
tr	I	I sighed and he nodded .
tr	O	They started issuing tobacco ration cards in June , and everyone has to buy their own smokes now .
tr	I	When she did it was very quietly , and she didn 't answer for a minute .
tr	I	He gave it a good kick , and a small object landed near him .
tr	I	Being lonely in the future , or don 't worry about having been lonely .
tr	O	It was possible that someone on the police force had been kind enough to clean up the mess , but somehow she knew it was Cain .
tr	O	I opened my mouth , but then it hit me .
tr	O	A deeper thought nudged at me , but I could not quite grasp it .
tr	O	The back door slammed against the house with a sharp crack and someone yelled .
tr	I	I handed her some orange juice we 'd had ready , and she was sweating heavily .
tr	I	Her haphazard efforts had left her hair looking pretty ratty , and they 'd been bound tightly , though .
tr	I	She wanted to find the rest of our blood siblings , and she calmed a bit when I told her who I was .
tr	O	I glanced down , and my heart stuttered .
tr	I	I don 't have my cell and my car broke down .
tr	O	The doors slid closed after Dr. Cohen , and he turned around to find his family gawking wide-eyed back at him .
tr	I	She was his and she was here .
tr	O	He pulled away and we both gave each other a long stare , each weighing the other .
tr	I	The unnatural coolness was unnerving , and his body was room temperature .
tr	O	Gina whispered to me , referring to Kallie , and I nodded .
tr	I	We get to work , and he doesn 't reply .
tr	O	He whispered and I nodded .
tr	I	Mary was taken and you weren 't there .
tr	I	It confirmed for her his deep attachment to these children , and Laura noted the somewhat husky sound now in his voice .
tr	O	The natural light was fading , but the picture was still vibrant .
tr	I	He looked toward the window and he heard birds chirping .
tr	O	I never slept with any of my boyfriends , but I often went farther than I should have .
tr	I	Jared let out a breath of relief , fol owed by a smal smile , and a smal sigh emanated throughout the chapel .
tr	O	Desmond needed sleep soon , and someone had to sail the boat while he slept .
tr	O	We advanced and the first few men went around the corners of the trench , driving the enemy out until they were eventually forced to surrender .
tr	O	It was an unlovely image , but it felt just about right .
tr	I	I never would have imagined she lived with something like this going on , and I 've spent weeks here .
tr	I	He knew it was there , somewhere , but Jason couldn 't see the bulbous creature .
tr	I	He knew it , and the booze was eating her brain .
tr	O	Home was twenty-five miles away , and Merton 's a big town .
tr	I	They were busy enough , but the video store wasn 't doing a robust business .
tr	I	After seeing what 'd happened to Mom , the desire skyrocketed , but fighting them was ingrained in my blood .
tr	I	She let all of the students call her Peggy , but her desk tag said Mrs. Lambert .
tr	I	The lines began to ease and the dinghy began tilting higher on its starboard rail .
tr	I	The terror faded from my heart , and as I turned up the flame , the walls warmed .
tr	I	Something else was building under the rage , but the rage still filled the room .
tr	O	Sometimes the worms surface and you can watch them crawling inside the skin of your arm .
tr	I	Then you wait in the line , and you got to fill out a form first .
tr	I	Clearing mortals out of the way fell under his purview , but he was forbidden to assist his charges in their hunts .
tr	I	She had already left but he turned to the nurse .
tr	O	The bullet drove into Noah 's shoulder , but he didn 't even feel the impact .
tr	O	I hadn 't locked it when I left a few days ago , and the doorknob turned easily when I tried .
tr	I	Hearing someone else acknowledge it triggers something in me , but I had resigned myself to the fact long ago .
tr	I	I see no fear in his eyes , and he looks at me .
tr	I	I just wanted to be by myself , but I felt bad about feeling that way .
tr	O	Blinded by Myles 's flashlight , he was shooting into the dark , but he 'd come darn close .
tr	I	Dallas had a pretty good idea where he wanted to start digging and this site was chosen the summer before .
tr	I	He was most definitely lying , but I didn 't know why .
tr	O	I got my dad the wrong brand of cigarettes , and he started to , erm , to hurt me .
tr	O	Her hair fell around her shoulders in tangled snakes , and her eyes were red .
tr	O	There may have been a better place to dock on the other side of the island but we noticed this side was uninhabited .
tr	O	He could grill her for hours , maybe days , about the specifics , but he knew there would be no answers .
tr	I	The crowd is screaming , and Keller is walking up to the pitcher 's mound !
tr	I	That was good , but he was breathless .
tr	O	Lorraine made a bed for him on a chair that partially reclined , and he spent his time there .
tr	O	Angelina couldn 't remember most of the night her parents had been murdered , but she did remember the fires .
tr	I	She smiled tentatively back and I smiled at Hattie .
tr	I	She 'd be able to do it , but finding her family might take some time .
tr	I	Another guy headed in that direction to cut me off , but I looked at the door to that dark room .
tr	O	We 've only got gloves for about half of you , but we need all of you to pull !
tr	I	That made me want to smile for some reason and she even looked like a Harper .
tr	I	He looked away , and I murmured .
tr	I	He chose to ignore it , but James 's phone was ringing .
tr	O	Olivia glances over at me as I slump to the ground , but she tears her eyes away right after .
tr	O	Risa raised an eyebrow at him , but at his expectant look , she tugged the lid off .
tr	I	Quentin didn 't want to have to continue making excuses for her , and he hadn 't understood why she took off the way she did .
tr	I	She wasn 't there to witness his annoyance , but as it turned out , he did mind .
tr	I	It would be better to get it out in the open now , but the truth was going to sound crass .
tr	O	He had thought immediately about her heart when she had talked to him , but he had not questioned her .
tr	O	He wasn 't what anyone needed , and he knew it .
tr	O	This census lark would only last a few months , after all , and it might prove to him that I could do something useful .
tr	I	I was with her because I wanted to be but of course I felt bad for her .
tr	O	Then his eyes traveled to my face , and he froze .
tr	O	I try to slide a foot forward , but my muscles are tense , too tense .
tr	I	I knew he was about to pounce , and his smile was dangerous .
tr	I	Mrs. McGuire 's staff were apparently storing guests ' coats there , and it was a little sitting room , lit by one gaslight .
tr	O	I spoke my words confidently , like I had a plan , and I hoped it would give him faith .
tr	I	It didn 't , and if there 's any magic in this town at all , I think that potion should have shown it to me .
tr	O	The two obstetricians fussed around her for a few moments and somehow she managed to mouth polite goodbyes .
tr	O	Jan exclaimed , and Kelly agreed .
tr	O	Mia thanked her in many languages , but the old lady didn 't answer .
tr	O	For a moment he thought Mateo might follow him , but he didn 't .
tr	I	He 's around , but I may not see Singer .
tr	I	Ralf threw her a passionately grateful look , and Magnus felt almost unbearably proud of her .
tr	O	We would win , but we would lose .
tr	O	Instinct pulls her into my lap and I hold her as she cries .
tr	O	He stared her down and she didn 't flinch .
tr	O	I realized then that you were a special lady , and nothing I 've seen since has changed my mind .
tr	O	It wasn 't my business and I really didn 't care .
tr	I	Within just a few moments everyone inside was outside , and voices were raised in alarm from inside the factory .
tr	I	The shame is plain on his face , but he tries to hide his emotions behind some semblance of nobility .
tr	I	He shook his head decisively to clear it and the grief was overwhelming him .
tr	O	The way out , Jenny thought as she went over to it , but something inside her wasn 't so sure .
tr	O	I 'd never seen such fanfare at an airport before , but I guess I 'm not used to being around royalty .
tr	I	He reached out to touch her shoulder and she 'd rolled to the far end of the bed .
tr	I	She took his hand in hers and Nick hovered over his mother .
tr	I	I hung my head , and there was silence on the other end of the door .
tr	I	He sifted his fingers through her hair , loving the softness of it , and she lay against him , snuggled into his side .
tr	I	Somehow he managed to leap over it as it swept under him , but Doctor Red thought he was done for .
tr	O	We were moving along at a fast hike , but I wished we could just run the whole way .
tr	I	He was picking at loose threads on his thighs , and Neal 's legs were bent in front of him .
tr	O	Ruth had never expected to have a second chance with him , and this time she was determined not to ruin things between them .
tr	O	I know you tend to blame her in these situations , and I want to make it clear .
tr	I	Those were mainly because they were necessary at the time , but in the past we 've gotten married in modern weddings .
tr	O	I got my lids to open , and I stared into warm gold .
tr	I	Headlights flashing him in the face reminded him that Gwen thought otherwise of him , but his skin itched to turn around .
tr	O	I don 't say this to hurt your feelings , but maybe it will help you to extinguish your fantasy of me .
tr	O	A cloud passed over Henry 's face , and for the first time she saw Henry 's new confidence crumble a little .
tr	O	He shifted back in with her , and she was once again wearing one of the stupid dresses .
tr	O	I bit down on his bottom lip , and he moaned .
tr	O	Even I wasn 't crying for me , but I didn 't know what to say .
tr	O	He smiled at her , and an answering smile lit her face at the thought of Isaac as a boy .
tr	O	Their similarities in goal ended there , but for now it was enough .
tr	I	He would never let it go again , and grabbing onto it would be grabbing onto life .
tr	I	We 'll get it done and you tell us what to do .
tr	I	He lost his balance and his horse suddenly buckled under him .
tr	O	I try not to hold myself responsible for what happened next , logically I know it wasn 't my fault , but it was completely avoidable .
tr	O	I mean , if I could see it in the air , sure , but I couldn 't .
tr	I	I felt a spark of heat zing down to my core , and our eyes locked as we tilted the glasses to our lips .
tr	O	Nora follows Julie 's eyes to mine , and I can almost imagine my face flushing .
tr	O	Nothing budged and I relaxed .
tr	I	I knew I couldn 't fight them , but I didn 't know why these feeling were suddenly so strong .
tr	I	The other was dead to him , but only two were in graves .
tr	O	My face feels swollen , and for an instant , I don 't think I 'll make it .
tr	I	Godfrey was sitting at her kitchen table , but Levi McCloud was asleep in her bed .
tr	I	The words wouldn 't come , but I tried to thank him .
tr	I	His skin sizzled as the blade worked its way to the bullet and Roku choked back a scream .
tr	O	He threw one of the zombies to the river where it sank quickly to the bottom , but there were three more to replace their lost ally .
tr	O	I ran much more slowly , but I made a fair showing of it .
tr	O	Wanting to finish what he had started , and end the torment that suffused them both .
tr	I	They let it drop , and she promised .
tr	O	Our eyes lock together , and time seems to stop .
tr	O	I want her close , but I don 't want her to be uncomfortable .
tr	O	He was alone , and that made no sense at all .
tr	O	His grin widened , and his eyes fluttered closed again as he slung an arm around my waist .
tr	O	Nicolas 's own district of Chelyabinsk lay a thousand miles away , but it had similar concerns .
tr	O	She 's a cow , and I 'm a bitch .
tr	O	A few more girls had come into the dorm by now , but none of them glanced at me as I went by .
tr	I	There is no indication of the lady 's name , and number six is registered to a gentleman .
tr	O	I was pregnant with his baby , but I couldn 't tell him because he had impregnated me from his god form , not his mortal form .
tr	I	Noah pulls his hand back , and I spin around in surprise .
tr	O	There were no signs anywhere to tell me where I was and our footsteps echoed as we followed Tony toward the elevators .
tr	O	I let her go , and she blinked rapidly , as if coming out of a trance .
tr	I	There was only one way in , and the crowd was too thin .
tr	I	She fought it down until she could reach her bedside , and a wave of morning sickness struck her .
tr	I	I 'm not going to , but you might want to stop .
tr	I	I kiss him and I pull his mouth to mine .
tr	O	Again she considered waking Lucian , calling to him as he had told her she could , but she dismissed the idea .
tr	I	She was suddenly scrambling to her feet , and a jolt of terror shot through Rachel .
tr	I	He was right , but keeping him in the dark had sprouted from the best of intentions .
tr	O	He had pared his list of witnesses to five , and he had planned for their testimony to run no more than four days .
tr	O	I hoped his motivation was wanting to spend time with me , but I wasn 't dumb .
tr	I	I couldn 't take my chances , but he said he wouldn 't hurt me .
tr	I	I couldn 't deny he was a good assistant in studies and we became close friends .
tr	O	It spoke to a soft place in my heart and I smiled at him .
tr	O	He walked as if he had a purpose but it was really more of a wander .
tr	O	Three more minutes passed and I wound my way through the underground passage , pushing my body as hard as I could .
tr	O	Nurse Karen was frowning and she shook her head .
tr	I	I 've cut you a check for a one-year lease and I know what the going rate is .
tr	I	Margaret snatched it , and he held the book out to her .
tr	I	It was like all my laughs after Ares , but he laughed .
tr	I	She hardly knew anyone in Paris , but she thought he looked vaguely familiar .
tr	O	I 'd known I wasn 't before he 'd said it , but somehow hearing the words come from his mouth made it real .
tr	I	He 'd only grown into a bigger one since high school , and Beau was an asshole .
tr	O	My legs ached from our slow climb and it felt good to stretch them out .
tr	I	She should have everything I have and she is my only living relative .
tr	I	Killian squeezed his throat harder , and J.J. started babbling .
tr	I	My whole face would just light up and I used to walk into the church .
tr	I	I couldn 't help it , but I was rambling .
tr	O	My heart was beating furiously , but not because she scared me .
tr	I	His tiredness made him feel that they were turning this dangerous journey into a picnic and Bond suddenly felt very tired .
tr	O	I knew what I was doing but I couldn 't stop myself .
tr	I	He was somewhat balding , and the forehead was wrinkled .
tr	I	Duke gripped his arm , but Spike started forward .
tr	I	Teammates take care of each other , and he 's a teammate now .
tr	I	The dark gleam in his eyes told me that he was in charge , but I wanted to kiss him , to touch him .
tr	O	Teri sat down at the kitchen table , and Rachel took the chair across from her .
tr	O	The disease had found them , and it had taken his wife .
tr	O	We will cripple them in one blow and they will be forced to admit defeat .
tr	O	The door opened , and Sam Houston entered .
tr	O	He fell to the floor and I backed up to the wall , wishing that I could go right through it .
tr	I	He bet they would be in someone 's database soon , and they had been targeted .
tr	I	I blew you out , but I never found it , so now I 'm not only out a phone .
tr	I	Now it was my turn and I had both of their attention .
tr	O	Everyone was happy , and everyone was shouting .
tr	O	A tingle of excitement spread through my body , and I tilted my head down to expose more of my neck for his mouth .
tr	O	I don 't know how much your friend Julian told you about our secret , but I suppose you know who he is .
tr	I	You should 've seen the other guy , but I hit my head , which is never pleasant .
tr	I	I took it as a sign and it fit my mood .
tr	I	He just stood there , with no expression whatsoever , but she waited , giving him a chance to try to convince her otherwise .
tr	I	She didn 't used to , or Dawn didn 't like being punched at least .
tr	I	Gabriel did not scream , but he yanked it free .
tr	I	She set her sights on a police career , determined to do her parents credit , and she had changed her degree from Humanities to Forensics .
tr	O	His eyes fluttered open and his pale lips parted .
tr	I	Iain was the only man who knew who was in it , and the Band of the Barren was the only refuge for soulless warriors .
tr	O	It real y was a pity , but in a few moments she would be unconscious .
tr	O	Folly 's Glen was far behind them , though , and Adelia 's pace slowed considerably .
tr	I	I didn 't welcome it either - but it wasn 't an unpleasant sensation - not at all .
tr	O	The mysterious night terror related deaths had also come to an end , and the Emeralds became nothing more than a footnote in the worlds ' histories .
tr	O	The oldest vampire he knew , and one that had cheated death more times than should be possible .
tr	I	Ant drew closer to the wall for cover , holding his breath to ensure silence , and a crackle rang out in the darkness , somewhere nearby .
tr	I	The fact that I was totally blind only made the voice seem even more foreign , and I didn 't recognize it .
tr	O	Troy lingered at the front door , but there was nothing else to say .
tr	I	She kept nailing her answers and the questions kept firing .
tr	O	The vampires were on strike and nobody would put their masks back on .
tr	O	It sounded insane , but when it came to King 's abilities , anything was possible .
tr	O	I say , and I don 't sweeten the poison in my voice .
tr	I	I won 't interfere unless I have to , and you can 't just look at your responsibilities in isolation in this particular case .
tr	I	There were no windows , and the stone was too slippery .
tr	O	A queasy sensation settled upon Rebecca , and she looked to Laura with concern .
tr	O	He didn 't want to keep reliving his past mistakes that took himself away from them , but again those things kept popping in his head .
tr	I	Some had even openly mocked her at the suggestion that they may fancy her , and no other boy had ever looked twice at her .
tr	O	I grinned at her , and she laughed .
tr	O	She 'd humbled herself , begged his forgiveness , and Hart had taken his time about granting it .
tr	I	Pouring the next , and it could be sunny one minute .
tr	O	I frantically glance around for a way out of this situation , but all exits are blocked .
tr	O	I knew where the rendezvous spot was , but we needed to follow soon .
tr	O	I look to Sophie for help and even she seems a bit confused .
tr	I	It was lit perfectly well by the walls themselves , but there were no windows to the room .
tr	O	Kelly 's sister Jesse came in shortly after they arrived , and Jack found that he was happy to see her also .
tr	O	He was the seventh living son of the Empress -- and there was much hope that he would remain so .
tr	I	They never stay , but you give them complete attention .
tr	O	He nodded solemnly , and I appreciated the lack of mockery .
tr	O	I sensed the place where she had been snatched but it was just another alley that led to another street .
tr	O	I grab my grey shawl to match my shoes and I switch out my purse for my pink clutch .
tr	O	It was difficult to believe , but I cleaned up pretty good .
tr	O	Anthony pulls me to him and we hunch to the floor .
tr	I	She didn 't think , and tears blurred her vision .
tr	I	Her body was motionless , and her eyes were closed .
tr	I	That included using a gun if necessary and his clients expected him to provide top-notch security .
tr	O	She peered through the tiny peephole , and her breath caught in her throat when she saw a shadow in the trees .
tr	I	My guts go tight and it used to make my skin crawl .
tr	I	To be out from under all those layers of material felt liberating , but the dress may have made her feel the part of a lady .
tr	O	Dave stood up and they moved toward the door .
tr	I	I shook the thought away , but for a moment , I wondered how different my life would have been had they been my parents .
tr	O	Paul thanked him , and the janitor went back thru the double doors into the other gym .
tr	O	This was as close as Mike had gotten to an answer , and Merlin was as serious as Terry had been .
tr	I	Now that 's what everybody calls me and it stuck .
tr	I	It 's not flaming , but it 's still hot .
tr	I	He seemed to revel in it ; and Joe Tolson knew the questions that would be comin ' wouldn 't be very pleasant .
tr	I	She acquired one , and you bought your daughter an earl .
tr	I	So far , they hadn 't seen her and they looked like thugs .
tr	O	The neighborhood is quiet and the lawn is empty , as are the steps leading up to the front doors .
tr	O	I hugged Momma Oaks , and she looked so excited as my father helped her into the boat .
tr	I	You couldn 't buy a breeze and temperatures were hovering close to 100 degrees .
tr	I	Daniel 's cars were all there , which meant Joseph would hopefully be there too , and Mom 's , Dad 's .
tr	I	Darryl didn 't mind , but she wasn 't exactly a person .
tr	I	I wondered if he was going to cry , and his eyes were moist .
tr	O	I tried to run the farm , but it was too much for me .
tr	O	I am being an ass and he doesn 't deserve it .
tr	O	He 'd never been able to make it work properly and now it was used as a doorstop .
tr	O	The head pops off and it starts to make a loud rooster noise as I glance inside .
tr	I	I couldn 't have handled a baby and I was nearly nineteen at the time .
tr	O	After you 've had the X-rays done , come back and we 'll talk about what to do to make that ankle as comfortable as possible .
tr	O	A coughing fit woke me up , and I sat up blinking furiously as I tried to adjust my eyes to the darkness .
tr	O	She wanted to run out of the car to his aid , but her promise kept her seated tight inside the car .
tr	O	A pitiful , silent wail rose up from deep in his heart , and his legs grew weak .
tr	I	He did not like the current method of getting there , but Jeff liked the idea of moving into the fast track .
tr	O	He was new to the curse and there were no indoctrination courses to assist him so the pentagram remained isolated there for nearly a year .
tr	O	She started to argue but Tess cut her off .
tr	I	I felt a spark of excitement at the prospect , but I wouldn 't have guessed it would be appealing .
tr	I	If there were any confrontations , he wouldn 't hesitate , but Riddick could discipline himself enough to escape without committing murder .
tr	O	My keeper was yelling something , but I couldn 't hear him .
tr	I	The door swung smoothly outwards and Ted pulled on the doorknob .
tr	O	I hate to break it to you , but they sell these things at the mall .
tr	O	You bang on it , and you 'll see my fist down your throat .
tr	I	She fumbled with it as she moved toward Oakes , but she still was not using her wand .
tr	I	Timmy moved toward him , and the man stepped closer .
tr	O	I 'm sorry you were hurt but I thought you were in danger .
tr	O	I meant only to cool my body , but it was obvious he took the action as a message that I wanted to get things moving .
tr	O	The two had found each other only last night , and theirs had been an extraordinary reunion .
tr	I	Somehow the old philosophers could make even salacious topics seem boring , but many of them had once been forbidden by the Steel Ministry .
tr	O	The pit bull became hysterical , but the aluminum door did not bang shut .
tr	O	I asked quietly and a shudder passed through me at the thought of what had almost been .
tr	I	Her eyes bulged wide and her voice was urgent .
tr	I	They didn 't make me feel any better , but his words were reassuring .
tr	I	He stepped close , taking my hand , and his green eyes flashed with familiar defiance .
tr	I	She curled her body into mine and I sat down next to her .
tr	I	The tattoos would always remain , but he could renounce his beliefs .
tr	I	It felt good , secure -- and the seeds were planted for our destinies .
tr	O	The stuff tasted horrible , and I gagged on it .
tr	O	The lights were soon to go out , but none of the three slept .
tr	O	We 're both stunned at the fact that we 've pulled it off , and at that moment our success is overwhelming .
tr	O	Bones popped and skin ripped .
tr	I	His thick neck always looked sunburned , and I 'd never seen him without a twisted bandanna tied around his head , even in winter .
tr	O	Dan tried to remain calm but he wanted to punch this kid .
tr	O	I dare not expect such success , yet I cannot bear to look on the reverse of the picture .
tr	I	She would never push it and he would never admit it .
tr	I	Two of the machines glide towards me and the Director replies .
tr	I	All my fear was spent , but I expected the realization to draw another measure of fear from deep inside me .
tr	I	Each time the light came near , the death slaves retreated , but colors pulsed through the light , giving off a strobe effect .
tr	I	The air was like fire , and Water fell from the sky that would burn your skin from your bones .
tr	I	Tears stung my eyes , and the door clicked shut .
tr	O	Amanda had forgotten to ask about Mark 's visit before she 'd gone , and Adrienne hadn 't reminded her .
tr	O	She hadn 't been here before , but as long as she was , she might as well see if she couldn 't find a way out .
tr	I	He didn 't move , but he told himself to go on in there .
tr	I	Part of me felt a little disappointed , but I knew he was only teasing .
tr	O	She placed her head on my shoulder , and I leaned against it .
tr	I	He 'll see it again and he 's seen it before .
tr	O	The floorboards creaked under my weight , and I breathed in the smell of stale air .
tr	I	This time I didn 't care , but usually too much attention bugged me .
tr	I	Frankly , Thomas wasn 't sure he wanted to go any further romantically and their relationship progressed slowly .
tr	I	Their first real day of hell was to begin and to soon the sun rose .
tr	O	I tried to move it to a less direct angle , but every part of me was humming by now , begging for release .
tr	O	A chill rolled across Levana 's skin , but she managed to maintain her baffled expression .
tr	O	She doesn 't want to be away from you , Tab , but she knows this is best .
tr	O	Boots was quiet now , but he could feel her little muscles were rigid with fear .
tr	I	She felt her stomach knot up and her heart was pounding .
tr	O	The media wanted to come calling , too , and I just wasn 't in the mood .
tr	I	The others begin to dose off around me , their snoring filling the small room and the room darkens pretty quickly .
tr	O	I spun around , and he came within inches of plowing into me .
tr	O	One hand disappeared under the robe and she drew out a small knife , the blade perhaps two inches long .
tr	I	I live with them and I make my choices .
tr	O	Robinson wasn 't sure if it was a trick of light but it appeared that Pattern might be breathing , alive .
tr	O	In the moment of silence between them , he searched her eyes , but Danni didn 't look away .
tr	O	Her fingers were numb already , the tips of her ears stinging , but she just shrugged , not wanting the moment to be over yet .
tr	O	I tried , but I failed .
tr	I	Sean brings up the question again , but I don 't want to drop this injustice .
tr	O	The CEO from a solar tech company piqued his interest momentarily , but he might just have liked the Starbucks Breakfast Blend .
tr	O	She had Miranda , and she had Kylie .
tr	I	At the bottom they found another open archway , narrower than the previous ones , and all the stairs were real .
tr	I	He got the last word and he 's not even here .
tr	O	It was strange , but he wasn 't .
tr	O	Milton , she said , I can get you the disc , that 's not a problem , but I 'll tell you what it shows .
tr	I	I didn 't really want to work with someone who wasn 't sure anyway , but which sucked for the wallet .
tr	O	I wanted to argue , but the soldier closest to Seth engaged , swinging his arm out .
tr	I	This time her lips matched her words , and she asked again .
tr	I	I hadn 't thought I 'd see Dean like that , but I didn 't know what I 'd expected from coming here .
tr	I	Bex was in the bathroom , and Liz 's eyes were closed .
tr	I	Wanting to know , but Theo cocked his head to the side , not quite sure he had it right .
tr	O	It could buy courage , and it could buy dignity .
tr	O	I feel terrible about that but it had to be done .
tr	I	I 'd prefer to suffer on my own and my belly hurts .
tr	I	She was looking at me too and I glanced down at his mom .
tr	I	Soil , extractable with negligible toil , but our favorite roots don 't grow in rock .
tr	I	She couldn 't , but Misty wanted to turn so their lips could meet .
tr	I	She had to go back into the big building and she was always sorry when her time was up .
tr	O	The music is soft , and the lighting is perfectly enchanting as we take a seat Indian style across from one another with our knees touching .
tr	I	He them and the brothers grew to love their adoptive father .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I had the strength to recover from this , and my whole life had caved in .
tr	I	I will cut his ears off , and any more bolts fly my way .
tr	I	The legless corpse clearly did not have such a feature -- and one was eliminated because of a facial disfigurement .
tr	O	Gray cringed as the front tires hit the first set of wooden ties , but the stout beams held .
tr	O	The first shot missed completely , veering off into the distance , and Liv cursed herself at the wasted bullet .
tr	O	It would not hide the look of a prisoner , but it would make the proud man feel better .
tr	O	It 's basically iron , but it 's been contaminated with sulphur .
tr	I	The lights flicker and the music stops .
tr	O	We have searched for alternative means for providing water , but we have failed .
tr	I	She glanced at her father 's guilty face , and Anne 's early return caught Carly by surprise .
tr	I	I let him and Kade pulled me into his strong arms again .
tr	I	She wasn 't far off but Trinity knew she was joking .
tr	O	I had vowed to keep you safe my entire life , and in that moment I knew I had failed .
tr	I	Knocking her from consciousness and watching it crash into her .
tr	I	Her lips eagerly parted , and he licked at her .
tr	O	Her luscious red hair was ragged and her eyes were wild .
tr	O	Maeve had said nothing about coming home , yet there she was !
tr	O	My bad luck would never let me get away that easy , and this time was no exception .
tr	I	I hasten to their arms , and the forms of the beloved dead flit before me .
tr	I	You will be dead , or the next time that I see you , General , you will either be inside the walls of the Alamo .
tr	O	Business is business , and hiring Duke is good business .
tr	O	Saylor smiled , and I had to look away .
tr	O	His bulk alone rivaled Neil 's , and that said something for top brass .
tr	O	The button is few steps away , but the way is covered with bodies .
tr	I	Her mother 's words didn 't ease his concerns , but it wasn 't as if he wasn 't careful already .
tr	I	It wasn 't enough , but judging by the yelp of pain , at least one of my projectiles hit its mark .
tr	O	Wilhelm Roth had been a villain all along , and Claire had been too blind to see it .
tr	O	He worked policing the cities ' boundaries for errant wolves , and he was damn good at it .
tr	I	He was willing to bet she 'd make it work , but dealing with a whole new family wouldn 't be easy .
tr	O	The sun was well up now and it was starting to get warm .
tr	O	His hand slides to the base of his dick and he comes back to me , grabbing my hips .
tr	O	She looked up into his eyes and he saw her soften a little .
tr	O	The boy struggled against being led anywhere but the man was much too strong .
tr	O	Spencer 's face had a pinched , ascetic look , and his eyes were feverishly bright beneath his dark brows .
tr	O	She knew he was teasing her , but she refused to acknowledge it .
tr	I	He blinked as a torch was waved in his direction and there were voices jabbering a different language very close by .
tr	O	It felt like hours , but it was only a matter of moments .
tr	O	My previous best friend suspected , and now she 's at the bottom of a well .
tr	I	Angels don 't kiss and I 'm an angel .
tr	I	Her chin was lifted in defiance , and her mouth was tight .
tr	O	His eyes are open again , and it seems like he 's using every bit of energy he has to speak .
tr	O	A.O. stood for Adults Only , and Michael was just as confused .
tr	I	All of them enjoyed themselves , and the talk ran on in this vein for a while .
tr	I	My strength was returning , but I fell twice .
tr	I	She 'd be seasick or Stone had better get to a smooth path soon .
tr	I	He didn 't let it show but her declaration rattled him even further .
tr	O	I looked around at the rest of the monsters and they all seemed pretty mad .
tr	O	She tried to get up , but he held her fast .
tr	I	It was almost time for the next generation to come through , and I 'd been by his side for twenty years .
tr	I	She wasn 't lifting her watch into view to check , but that would make the time around three in the morning .
tr	O	Carol was busy slicing tomatoes for the salad , and her sister-in-law , Paula , was spreading garlic butter on thick slices of French bread .
tr	O	He may pretend to think it 's silly , but I know he won 't actually think so .
tr	I	It compounded Helen 's grief and it was a moment reminiscent of her last moments with her mother .
tr	O	Bill had an accounting department that could crunch the numbers , but what they asked of Buzz was to assess the intangibles .
tr	I	I 'm pretty sure it 's why I just blocked it all out for so long , and that 's why Kylie can 't stand crowded places .
tr	O	He was all man - and he was hers .
tr	I	He was wrong again this time too , but I don 't know how many times my dad has been wrong in the last ten months .
tr	O	Her hair was pulled back into a curly ponytail , and her eyelids were blue with makeup .
tr	O	I 'm afraid the window won 't open , but still I stretch my finger forward .
tr	O	I whispered , and Piper 's gaze narrowed until I got the feeling she was trying to shoot lightning bolts at me through her eyes .
tr	O	Usually birds were chirping by my window , but I guess I 'd slept too late .
tr	I	I 'm run over by a tractor trailer , and Warner asks .
tr	O	He 'd be able to hide behind its walls , defend when necessary and if CJ did show , he would deny her access .
tr	I	I cannot tell you how much that means to me , and you believe in me when few others will .
tr	O	The whole river was full of singing , and those on the banks began to sing .
tr	O	The moon reflects against the water and the night air is a little chilly .
tr	I	It was no use , but Chapter 5 I tried to grip the edges of the tunnel .
tr	O	You will build and you will make .
tr	O	The truth might be more than I could handle , but I knew it would change everything .
tr	I	I take an emotional U-turn , and then a thought hits me .
tr	O	He had been trying to fatten her up this winter , but it was difficult .
tr	I	I liked having something that symbolized it on my skin and they were qualities that I needed to be reminded of .
tr	O	That 's when the full force of the officer 's words hit me , and I burst into uncontrollable sobs .
tr	I	She looked saddened and her smiled faded .
tr	O	He slammed the gun into her jaw and she was stunned by the flash of blinding pain that ran through her .
tr	O	He moved close to me , and I concentrated on not squirming .
tr	O	I almost offer to help him with the snow pants , which have some crazy straps , but he figures it out before my boots are laced .
tr	O	We never got to meet on Earth , but I 'm your grandfather .
tr	I	No one person 's troubles are more important than the next , and we are all in this together .
tr	O	My throat closed up , and my chest felt tight .
tr	O	He said something to us , but I didn 't hear what .
tr	I	Mrs. K gasped then clapped with unrestrained excitement and his fiancee extended her hand the way any woman shows off her engagement ring .
tr	O	There was peace in the Rift -- and he enjoyed every moment of it .
tr	O	I cry out and Alec bites down .
tr	I	The last thing I remember was her going to work with her father but Skylar was even in our circle now .
tr	O	The crawlers on the walls still slept with twitching legs and the same eyes stared blankly at the cocoons around him .
tr	O	He looked at her angrily now , but there was something more in his eyes .
tr	O	She 's just a little shy and you should respect that .
tr	O	Passage was in Northern North America , and McAllister was a city in Australia .
tr	I	I slowed down the last twenty yards , but my footsteps echoed in the enclosed space .
tr	O	I 'd like to say I disagreed with him , but he had a point .
tr	I	The other down , and one goes up .
tr	I	What had happened to Reggie Phillips , but he knew about the attack north ?
tr	O	Janie waited , but he didn 't elaborate .
tr	I	There are people everywhere , but mom glances behind her again .
tr	I	They still had at least a couple of hours until dawn and oh , God , already she was growing loopy from the cold .
tr	I	His heart began to race and Gregor 's knees went weak .
tr	O	I 'd never been afraid to be at home alone , but then I 'd never been so completely alone here before .
tr	O	All her joints felt loose and she suspected she 'd be a little sore in the morning .
tr	O	Hands gripped my shoulder and I felt his breath against my ear before he whispered .
tr	I	The McGill was at the bow , watching the sun set over the land , and it was twilight .
tr	I	He had this look ... this look of peace on his face and his eyes were closed when I pulled away .
tr	I	In each he found Mayan art on the walls and there were only three small chambers .
tr	I	The mass of land disappeared bit by bit and after they have crossed the bridge , the water began to flow once more .
tr	O	I reached toward him , afraid that if he left I 'd never see him again , but it was too late .
tr	I	Wash U had the number one program in the country , but everyone always looked down on social work as if it wasn 't a legitimate degree .
tr	O	It was a trap , but that didn 't matter .
tr	I	No sound would come , but I tried to scream .
tr	I	It was hard to see much that was distinguishable , but I think he was a man .
tr	I	This only attracted attention , but he moaned , trying to duck back into oblivion .
tr	I	She scooted a little closer to Declan and Willow imagined terrible creatures coming towards her .
tr	I	It seems that even the devil himself cannot compete with such fog , but one minute it seemed that all hell was breaking loose .
tr	I	I shove him again , and Ben grabs for me .
tr	I	The sooner she got it done , the better , and she doubted they were to risk calling from the house .
tr	I	None did , but someone should have seen her go .
tr	I	The sparkle faded a little , but her smile remained .
tr	O	Whatever it was , Will felt horrible about it and I never should have brought it up .
tr	O	Sparks fire in the blue , and I know I 've really pissed her off this time .
tr	O	He wasn 't as sick as my brothers , but the eager sparkle was gone from his eyes .
tr	I	We sat watching the block and I parked the car at the entrance of the street .
tr	O	Fade sat down near me and we listened .
tr	O	I started up , and they followed obligingly .
tr	O	I tried to push that idea out of my head but it was hard to come up with any other explanation .
tr	O	His laugh echoed back to her , and she made a silent promise to his retreating back .
tr	I	Her head fell back against Kaitlyn 's arm and her eyelids fluttered down .
tr	I	The pain was too intense but I tried to sit up .
tr	O	I shouldn 't have come back , but looking at his face , I knew .
tr	O	First I thought she 'd been persecuting herself , and now I suspected her husband was her tormentor .
tr	I	They went inside and Melvin paid their admission .
tr	O	Jim took out his hand and Winnie shook it .
tr	I	He was right to think so and he thought she was a liar .
tr	I	Nothing happened and months passed by .
tr	I	He grew very still , and Vela put a hand on his arm .
tr	I	No one knows exactly who had said it , but the quiet voice comes from somewhere in the group .
tr	I	It was an interesting change to just knowing him through her mom 's wedding photos , but it was weird to think of him being her age .
tr	O	She 'd gone out in the car , headed off the side of the road - And I didn 't think about my parents .
tr	O	I may have imagined it , but she looked a little apprehensive .
tr	O	He 'd then placed a gold ring on her finger , kissed her , and she was a married woman .
tr	O	I swear I see a shadow leaping over my body , but when I turn my head , no one is there .
tr	I	I kept my mouth shut , but I wanted to ask if he 'd heard from Logan .
tr	I	He was in charge of the situation as well and Calvin was clearly the one in charge in their group .
tr	O	Immediately I ran down the long hall and I happened to pass him as he was getting ready to do a mail run .
tr	O	A rough wooden doorframe was wedged into the tunnel , and when she stepped through , they closed the heavy door behind her .
tr	O	I started to ask why he wouldn 't follow , but movement near the window caught my eye .
tr	I	One was eaten alive and two people were bit ?
tr	O	The flannel shirt still hung around her shoulders , but even that was too much .
tr	I	It appeared that mere attendance was a statement of willingness , but she had hoped it would deter those seeking easy sport .
tr	O	Cameron was a very rich man , and every restaurateur in Paris knew it .
tr	I	He tried to reciprocate though even his lips were like ice , and she smiled at him .
tr	I	I positioned her pillows to help her sit up , and she blinked the sleep away .
tr	O	It was simply a matter of marketing and it had nothing to do with the scientific facts known at the time .
tr	O	I came out worse than the raccoon did ; and I was one of sixteen people injured in the fast moving fire that ran through the reservation .
tr	O	Unwanted tears started to prick at the backs of my eyes and I willed myself not to show emotion in front of Ryder .
tr	I	Her head felt as if spikes had been jammed through the top of her skull and she couldn 't keep her eyes open .
tr	I	This morning something was really off but Jewell woke up each morning with her body tense .
tr	I	The earth is alive under my feet , and I can feel the turning of the seasons in my blood .
tr	O	His hand fisted in my hair and he gave it a gentle tug .
tr	O	Some kid 's eyes were actually watering and she asked her mom why the store smelled so bad .
tr	I	It came away wet with blood , and I touched a finger to my throbbing lip .
tr	I	I had liked him , and Daniel was a decent guy .
tr	O	He knew about Kimmy , and Saylor hated me .
tr	I	It was a half second before Julia realized that he wanted to shake hands , and he held out his hand in front of him .
tr	I	A flush of color tinted her cheeks , and the woman 's mouth tightened in indignation .
tr	O	I had a blank moment again , and then we were in the foyer .
tr	I	It started an electric tingling that begged for a continuation of the exciting sensation yet his lips brushed hers , the softest possible contact .
tr	O	His frame wasn 't bulky , but Zane knew he was solid .
tr	O	The Italian ambassador 's wife was incredibly beautiful and there were rumours of an affair with the Norwegian ambassador .
tr	I	I lay back down into the pillow , and Renée put a cool , damp cloth on my forehead .
tr	I	He was going on , but Jenny opened her mouth .
tr	I	Ava winced , and when her skin touched his , a hissing sound filled the tiny prison .
tr	I	I wasn 't some derelict tube sock , but I was no William , not by any stretch of the imagination .
tr	I	She finally realized he wasn 't a cop and Jed didn 't know what to say .
tr	I	Luisa covered the little girl with the blankets and the little girl lied down on her bed .
tr	I	Those will go to a lab , and today we 'll take samples to determine suitability .
tr	I	My chopped off hair was the least of my problems , but apparently , they had to shave an area near my ear for the surgery .
tr	O	It wouldn 't help find her , and it wouldn 't help exonerate her .
tr	O	Dallas is struggling to free herself from her handler , yelling for Cas , but our friend is just standing alone , watching her helplessly .
tr	O	David was almost panting , and I looked around the room for an object I could use as a weapon if he tried to assault me .
tr	I	Eric came right behind them as they headed west through the desert , and the tiger was running , following Graham .
tr	I	I tasted the salt of his sweat , and his skin was warm under my tongue .
tr	I	I sat up , hopeful , but just a shiver of movement .
tr	I	Her hands clutched it , drawing it up against her chest , and someone had thrown a heavy woolen blanket over her .
tr	I	My voice was gentler and I sat back down .
tr	I	Crandall followed suit , and he saluted .
tr	I	He was back on his feet , but the other wolf was shuddering .
tr	O	The office was attractive and the location was excellent .
tr	I	Eleanor was currently at the top of my list and some people in this world deserve to be kicked .
tr	O	I blinked in amazement , and they were gone .
tr	O	It 's odd that Realm has that effect on him , but then again , maybe they 've gotten into it before .
tr	O	The floorboards above them creaked , and all of them looked up .
tr	O	He wanted her to be aware of him , but he didn 't want her feeling uncomfortable .
tr	O	We reached the bottom of a steep , windy hill , and Taylor instructed me to go up the hill .
tr	O	The rolls had been an unnecessary addition , but they were also too good to ignore .
tr	O	Bones broke and skulls cracked .
tr	O	Kate 's eyes widened and she gasped in shock .
tr	I	We began moving , and the motor snarled .
tr	O	He couldn 't find them earlier , but that 's not saying anything .
tr	O	I shot my load and I got no backup .
tr	O	Okay , fine , that might be getting a little dramatic , but that 's what it felt like .
tr	O	My hair streamed loose over his chest and he groaned , arching up so I was forced to take more .
tr	I	I sense his shadow is heading for a dangerous place , but I think about following him , hiding within his shadow .
tr	O	Wi ' a diddy aye o ' an ' a fal an ' doe And a diddy aye o ' aye ay .
tr	O	My voice trembled , and I hated it .
tr	I	I 'll never forgive him for it , and this was his way of beating me .
tr	I	Dr Baker over ruled me but I tried to stop him from seeing her .
tr	I	It was too late , but he cocked his arm back .
tr	O	His breath made white clouds into the cold air and his shoes crunched in the white snow .
tr	I	The lookout called down that he had seen a flash from the signaling mirror , and the sun was now well up .
tr	O	His emotion infuriated me , and he had no idea .
tr	O	There were women you slept with and there were women you married .
tr	I	Another twenty to get to the arena , and it took him fifteen minutes to get a taxi at the tiny airport .
tr	I	One of the very good things about that was , she could do things her way now , and well , he wasn 't here .
tr	O	Rhona had only a moment to think , Shit , and then she was diving back behind the boulder , crouching as low as possible .
tr	O	Once suspected they had to be flushed out and this was the job handed to Brother Brule .
tr	I	Her eyes were glazed over and her expression was cold .
tr	I	They 're not sure when he 'll walk again , but he 'll live .
tr	O	The Center might , but she didn 't .
tr	O	He tried to take hold of it but the energy did not respond to his will .
tr	I	Nobody will sell me one but I tried buying a ticket .
tr	O	She came out of the room with a canvas , and she examined Barbie , then me .
tr	O	Her throat was ripped open , and she lay on her back .
tr	O	She arrested and we couldn 't get her back .
tr	I	Leonhard left the room , and the voice didn 't reply .
tr	I	Her stubborn inner diva demanded she keep drinking it , but that nagging voice in her head ordered her to throw the rest of the daiquiri away .
tr	I	His eyes widened after realizing that she weren 't wearing fake lashes at all and Michael stared at her lashes .
tr	O	She had to hear Julie tapping her nails against the counter , but she made no move to look in her daughter 's direction .
tr	I	She didn 't have time to react and the shadow came out of no where .
tr	I	He refused this , but there was some talk of dressing him fine too .
tr	O	He knew the captain was in a foul mood after losing so many men back in Somalia , but Edward didn 't have time for this .
tr	I	When she began to turn it inside him , the pain was amplified , and Asha pushed the arrow in .
tr	O	He was exhausted , barely sleeping most nights , and his work schedule exploded with a rash of bad karma .
tr	O	Mom only yelled at him , and Joey sided with his sister .
tr	O	There was a time when people did not have currency and they used gold dust to buy things .
tr	I	He handles them well , but he has his troubles with his men from time to time , just as I do .
tr	I	He swallowed , catching his breath , and his eyes flicked between us .
tr	I	She nodded her agreement and Neil looked at her .
tr	I	His eyes were open , but he hadn 't moved .
tr	I	He was bowing to me , and Shim was easily the most impressive person I 'd ever met ?
tr	O	She winced through every blow , but the pain was not her biggest concern .
tr	O	I fear for his safety and Abel 's .
tr	O	He counted to twenty , but there was just silence .
tr	I	He learned also that it felt better to do so now , because he wasn 't weeping alone and he learned that he could still weep .
tr	I	The only other cars around were the few parked alongside Melinda 's and they were three miles outside the village .
tr	I	She chewed her lower lip , and her eyes wide in horror .
tr	O	Grace was coming , along with her kids , but my brother-in-law was staying home .
tr	O	His throat felt like it was closing up , but he pressed ahead .
tr	O	The fact that she was actually starting to enjoy beer only irritated her further and she came up with another argument against him .
tr	I	Edward was mostly kept out of the way , and Abigail was an angel , Eadie a Madonna .
tr	I	Now I would never lose track of the seasons in the Underworld , but it 'd never served a purpose before .
tr	I	She wanted to scream and Kira 's eyes flashed upward .
tr	I	He was very tall , and he was full-grown now .
tr	I	It doesn 't matter , but my gut tells me she was going to say something else .
tr	O	The room was getting blurry and I could hear someone talking to me .
tr	O	I thought I was jealous of him , but really , he was jealous of me ?
tr	I	It did make sense , but I never really thought about it like that before .
tr	I	In reality I hadn 't been but I thought I was helping him .
tr	I	He 'd set no markers as guides to take him back to the border of that place called sanity , and No landmarks he recognized .
tr	I	They quickly took the hint and he scowled at her companions .
tr	I	Gregori felt that wince , that trembling , through his entire body like the blade of a knife , and the movement caused her to wince .
tr	O	I was still wrapped in Kennan 's arms and I looked up to find him watching me .
tr	O	The others would make fun of me to my face , but he never did .
tr	I	You can just shut me out , but I can put up a wall .
tr	I	I see a thick layer of relief suddenly wash over Nathan , and she gets up from the couch , surprising all of us .
tr	I	I smile and she shivers .
tr	O	Her eyes were light blue eyes , and her skin a little more freckled than he initially had noticed .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed at Jeremy drew near , and the man straightened as Jeremy 's approach .
tr	I	That didn 't mean I had to like it , but yeah , I was going to take his ride .
tr	I	It was bitterly cold and the raw light of dawn was seeping through the thick cloud cover .
tr	O	It was combed over , but it worked for him .
tr	I	It was causing his stomach to churn up inside him and it seemed like they 'd been in this turn for an age .
tr	I	His eyes took on a hooded , lazy quality , and the lines of his face softened .
tr	O	Oscar was almost as depressed as Clay , and after a few hours of misery he left for the office .
tr	O	How he could persuade her to talk , he couldn 't say , but of one thing more he was certain .
tr	I	Signals are scrambled somehow after sundown , but they 've caught movement at night .
tr	O	She glanced quickly at Zack but his expression was unreadable .
tr	O	Fuchs , at the front of the procession , called out the various turns , and we followed .
tr	O	The mysterious rider appeared too slender to be a man , yet when the Berger tried to struggle , he found himself in an iron grip .
tr	I	I couldn 't get my legs to move , but run , leave the restaurant , I told myself .
tr	O	The hinges were bent and the door hung crooked .
tr	I	Will did , but they didn 't love me .
tr	O	I 've not been separated from my parents in a long time and my guess is Connor hasn 't either .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to say something scathing , but Bianca beat me to it .
tr	O	I started to throw myself forward again , but Jason managed to pull his weapon free .
tr	I	He stepped toward me , and I gasped for breath .
tr	I	She cut me off , but I opened my mouth to protest .
tr	O	The windows were rolled down and the hot , humid breeze blew through them in a barely satisfying way .
tr	O	I understood he wanted to change the subject , but I 'd hoped we could skip team calisthenics now that we were all grown up .
tr	I	Matt felt the terror she showed , and she pointed at the window .
tr	O	She knew that he was trying to be soothing , but the feel of his hand was obliterating her resolve .
tr	O	Bria turned her head to see whom she was waving at , and her mouth puckered with displeasure .
tr	O	They were laughing about something and I felt like I was in some kind of alternate reality .
tr	I	Mr Tall always liked to take advantage of local venues whenever possible , but sometimes we played in a big top which we transported around with us .
tr	I	The children , now I must pay the cost for my past deeds and I was granted too great of a gift in Mia .
tr	I	Henry Mason emerged and the side door into the First Minister 's office opened .
tr	I	The falcon flew off into the night , and she murmured something to him that sounded like squawks .
tr	O	He ordered his own apple pie à la mode , and we matched each other , bite for bite .
tr	I	Her shoulder rubbed against Brant 's because of Mrs. Pitts ' chubby body on the other side of her and Abigail set her spoon down .
tr	O	For an instant it looked like pain , but Alix was sure she must be wrong .
tr	I	I didn 't need to worry him with this and Adam already owned half of Chicago .
tr	I	He simply nodded , but Lucas looked skeptical .
tr	I	Lysander stepped outside , and the sliding glass door opened .
tr	I	I did , but I didn 't want to , mainly because he looked pissed .
tr	O	I get why you 're mad , but it was a long time ago .
tr	O	Deni worried that the games might start drawing out Jace 's feral anger , but they didn 't .
tr	O	We 're closer to the mortal world than we 've ever been now , and you can go home anytime .
tr	I	For a moment she feared he was nothing more than a fantasy and Mist enveloped him .
tr	I	We weren 't afraid and they need to know that we were here .
tr	I	We 'll be able to do it , but it 'll be tight .
tr	O	They all look older than me , decades older in some cases , and they look as confused as I feel .
tr	I	My heart pounds as he hovers there above me , millimeters from touching me , and his breath is hot across my lips , mingling with mine .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to say but T-Bone looked at me like it was my time to speak .
tr	O	Much had changed over the last year , but the blast had more impact than any other factor in changing the organization .
tr	I	He 'd turned his back , but she glanced at Trent .
tr	I	She allowed herself to breathe again and the snowdrifts up ahead were smaller .
tr	O	Her fingers curled the baseball cap into a ball and her heart began to pound with a crazy anticipation .
tr	O	It wasn 't Carmine 's first mandatory gathering , but it was certainly the most uncomfortable one .
tr	I	She was already somewhere private with jock boy , but I looked around for Rachel to say good-bye .
tr	I	I no longer could breathe , and our eyes met .
tr	O	The tears started to come again , but Angela brushed them away .
tr	O	She 'd known he 'd been hit by the bullet , but she 'd hoped it had merely grazed the skin .
tr	I	Sole started to giggle and Trapper blew up again .
tr	I	The noose they 'd wrapped around her throat cut off her ability to breathe , weakening her , but she fought as best she could .
tr	O	They moved to the front parlor and Tessa fell in love with it .
tr	O	I 'd traveled the world , many times , but I rarely experienced nature like this .
tr	I	He licked his lips and Mathieu 's eyes widened .
tr	I	She seemed to alter her normal path through the hallways , and she wasn 't at her locker at the usual times .
tr	O	I hadn 't remembered shampoo in my hurry to the bathroom , but luckily there was a bar of soap in the shower .
tr	O	There was definitely another story , the real story , and he was going to find out what it was .
tr	O	The door opened , and there she was standing before him .
tr	O	There 's a cough from one of the rooms across the hallway behind me and I turn towards the noise .
tr	I	The show started up and I smiled at him .
tr	I	He still hasn 't gotten over it and his wife died several years ago .
tr	I	I jerk it away , but she seizes my elbow .
tr	I	I 'm just so tired , but she might still be talking .
tr	O	It was almost time to go , and I was still wearing my favorite old sweats .
tr	I	I have posted other archers , nigh as good marksmen as myself , on either bank , and I have my bow here .
tr	I	Still trying to smile , but Said Cristobal visibly tired .
tr	I	Gabe sent out the punting team , and the very next play , the Wildcats sacked Kenny again .
tr	I	It wasn 't who I was but it was where I had done it .
tr	I	He could see that she was young , and his left eye was working a bit better now .
tr	I	She stopped me with her hands sliding down my sweaty back but I began to pull back .
tr	I	As I fell to the ground I heard a loud shot , and the left side of my head opened to a searing pain .
tr	I	I needed it back , but I debated just walking out .
tr	I	He stared at the floor but Poseidon stayed in his lean .
tr	I	The slightly wilted wildflowers Thaddeus had sent Ella the other day , and the room smelled like organic coffee , freshly squeezed orange juice .
tr	I	She was glad she wasn 't standing and her head spun .
tr	O	He snapped up his head , expecting to find he 'd been dumped like trash behind the meeting hall , but he was inside .
tr	O	The brilliant sparkle was gone and in its place all that was left was pain .
tr	I	I 've always appreciated it when an author illuminates his inspiration , but a peek behind the curtain is certainly not a mandatory excursion .
tr	O	He yearned for something , and he just knew that that feeling ceased when he was sitting by her bedside , listening .
tr	O	My socks are still soggy from running yesterday , and they 're bothering me .
tr	O	Her mouth was wide and she bore her teeth .
tr	I	He halted suddenly and his stomach cramped .
tr	I	He was done playing games , but a part of him demanded he lie .
tr	I	The lot was littered with debris of all kinds , and dozens of big cardboard boxes were scattered around .
tr	I	She had no reason to believe she couldn 't , and she really wanted to heal Brick .
tr	O	It was a quiet group that stood atop the wall with him , and for once , Breeze barely touched their emotions .
tr	O	The other kids were cute enough , but Aisling stole all of her scenes .
tr	O	That was all she needed to do ... whisper , and his wolf could hear her .
tr	O	The light shifted , from bright to dim , and soft music began to play .
tr	I	It was infectious , and Poe laughed again .
tr	O	Barney Thompson had been the firm lawyer almost as long as Margaret had worked there , and they had had an on-again , off-again relationship for years .
tr	I	Everyone 's happy to see the baby , but the staff are asleep on their feet .
tr	O	They are training another group of time setters , but there are fewer people interested in that job .
tr	I	She was broken about this , and she wasn 't a liar .
tr	I	We meet back at the Institute in an hour , but we split up .
tr	O	The warmth radiating from Celestino tempted her to move closer , but she resisted .
tr	O	He didn 't know what she saw on his face , but he did know that it was terrifying her .
tr	I	Its power was greater than its creators and there it lived , growing in the darkness , until it reached to all the places of its world .
tr	O	I tried to sit up , but all I managed to do was slide further into a ball .
tr	I	There were consequences , but they could choose to do otherwise .
tr	O	I may have only been out for an hour , but that was an hour too long .
tr	I	Clemmons had died in the massacre , and the viscount had been in debt to Clemmons .
tr	O	His name was George , just George , and he spoke English with a quick accent .
tr	O	Her head was thrown back and the sweet sound of her laughter tumbled from her lips .
tr	O	He could be talked into almost anything , and stealing was a lot easier than school .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to start reaching into her thoughts again , but it was hard to read her expression .
tr	I	Strangely was honored as a profession , but it was looked down upon .
tr	O	His fingertips tapped a tune at the base of the phone , but Gene didn 't dial .
tr	O	Normally , the lights remain at a distance of several feet , but I can call them closer when I want to play with them .
tr	I	It fell to the ground in a clatter of wood and she undid the final strap holding the litter in place .
tr	O	He nodded and I continued .
tr	I	We get out of our chairs and Robbie emerges from the double doors .
tr	O	Her hair was bound tightly behind her head , and she carried a gentleman 's hat in one hand .
tr	I	Irene looked confused , and Walter frowned deeply .
tr	O	Dad said no to the idea at first , but Mom 's like a stubborn tulip in April .
tr	O	He 'd never hit a woman before , but there was first time for everything , damn it .
tr	O	There were differences in the coordinates , but as Abby had suggested , they were at the tail end of the string of numbers .
tr	I	If possible , it brightened even more , and Annie turned her smile toward Heath .
tr	I	He will hurt me , and he wants to be free .
tr	O	The temperature had hardly climbed out of the single digits and the wind hadn 't let up all day .
tr	I	Luke slid his wet fingers out of me and the elevator doors opened to our floor .
tr	O	His jealous streak excited me and now I was going to have to walk around all night with a swell aching between my legs .
tr	I	We are on the borders of Alegria but we are safe here for a short time only .
tr	O	Del 's hand crept up my thigh , and my body locked up .
tr	I	At that moment he got an idea , but Jin formed a ball of energy in his hand .
tr	I	He scooted his chair a few inches towards Kim , and I shot Brent a warning glance .
tr	I	Eyes not yet dulled by the drudgery of days shone from under a strong brow , and just the hint of soft whiskers graced the face .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but it tasted like crap .
tr	O	He 'd thought Lucien was the only warrior with access to the hereafter , but apparently Reyes had it , as well .
tr	I	The night porter wore a stained turban , and now the lobby smelled like old newspapers .
tr	I	Tonight he had been unusually quiet , but he was usually full of fun .
tr	O	He was a very sweet dog , but he had other responsibilities .
tr	I	We both fell silent , and I groaned .
tr	O	Budda couldn 't understand what the big deal was , but he figured Lando knew things about germs that he didn 't .
tr	O	The movement was too abrupt and I threw up on him .
tr	I	There was no denying the chemistry between them , but she might not return his deeper feelings .
tr	I	His hand shook as he raised the cup of coffee he was holding to his lips and Ethan was quiet for a moment .
tr	I	Cade was far more treacherous than Aiden could even begin to imagine , and I had already seen that .
tr	O	The door tried to burst open , but Roark threw his weight against it .
tr	O	She probably needed to call a friend , and the phones were out .
tr	O	The girl couldn 't be older than fourteen , and she didn 't have the same scent as the rest of the pack .
tr	O	Women know that , but men appear to have skipped school on the day the subject was discussed .
tr	I	I didn 't , but maybe I should have .
tr	O	Services will be Promptly rendered , but with no Assurance of Spiritual Communication , Geist had clarified in his letter .
tr	I	Jase had met him at a party in Palm Beach a year earlier , and his name was Sherman Liss .
tr	O	That 's all I needed , an ass training me , and apparently he looked like a god to spoil every dream guy I ever had .
tr	I	You cannot see reality , but I try to show you .
tr	I	I found it surprisingly difficult not to do so but there was no need to confirm it .
tr	O	You make me feel things that I 've never ... but none of that matters .
tr	I	Tully wasn 't sorry , and it was clear that Rachel 's focus had returned to her children .
tr	I	Her eyes were also on me , but Leslie asked Juliet .
tr	O	I may be planning to give nuns competition in the chastity stakes , but that doesn 't mean I can 't be concerned for everyone else .
tr	O	The roads were winding out here , and she felt disoriented in the darkness .
tr	I	I never asked for any of this , but sure , I was freaky as hell .
tr	I	He smelled her fear and the pulse in her neck jumped rapidly .
tr	O	Give us another chance , and I promise I 'll never hurt you again .
tr	O	Darren had apologized for slugging me and I 'd accepted his apology ... by slugging him right back .
tr	O	Finding someone who doesn 't want to be found isn 't the easiest thing in the world , and Pol became very skilled at misdirection .
tr	I	Strands of it blew around in the wind , and her hair was down .
tr	I	When their eyes met , there was an immediate connection and her smile was captivating .
tr	I	It seemed just as easy as the other game , but the balls were bigger , the hoop farther away .
tr	O	His smile was bright and his eyes were dancing .
tr	O	His arms are tracked with various shaped tattoos and his head is tipped forward with his back turned to me .
tr	I	There was the money , and there was the box .
tr	O	He wasn 't happy about not calling the police , but he 'd known it wouldn 't do much good .
tr	O	I tried to duck around him , but he was faster than me -- a lot faster .
tr	O	Mercer had divorced the year before , and his style of living had gone noticeably upward .
tr	O	The orchestra 's music snarled into something unrecognizable as instruments stopped , one by one , and the vampires began to react .
tr	O	He hadn 't realized until it was probably too late to do anything about it , and he really hadn 't wanted to .
tr	O	They had both started working at the school the same year and their friendship blossomed instantly .
tr	I	I really wanted to be sure she was numb , but I used harder jabs than before .
tr	O	I knew what I was doing was wrong , but I just stopped rationalizing with myself .
tr	O	His arms wrapped around her and he sat them both up .
tr	I	Her emotions threatened to bubble over and she still felt uneasy .
tr	O	His skin was warm against mine , and I felt safer than I had in a while .
tr	O	Then he straightened , and a bare smile formed around the corners of his mouth .
tr	I	I turned away to loosen the strap of my helmet , and her face scrunched up with an emotion I could no longer stir up in myself .
tr	I	The authorities are now aware of your whereabouts , and Problem is , you 're a wanted man .
tr	I	They weren 't rushing to attack , but spikes glistened on the leading trolleys .
tr	O	Andy reappears , slaps him on the back , and then we throw ourselves into the welcome distraction of loading the remainder of the pies .
tr	O	Ruby saw her mother swell up with anger ; and then as quickly fade into a tired thinness .
tr	O	Crickets hummed , and cars zoomed .
tr	O	She was my mother , and she would stop them .
tr	O	Arianna was still not in sight , but she wouldn 't be much longer .
tr	O	She had known it would be ready for him , but she still recoiled from the sight of it .
tr	O	They 've been working on it for five thousand years now , and I suppose they 've finally ironed out most of the wrinkles .
tr	O	We 're here together , and we 're alone together .
tr	I	It was gorgeous , the heart a lovely symbol of love , but it wasn 't ostentatious .
tr	I	Roswell fever swept the globe , and the world bought the story .
tr	I	My throat felt parched , and my stomach grumbled as I splashed the cool water on my skin .
tr	O	I have to put it out of my mind , or I might go a bit mad myself .
tr	O	Liquid warmth cascaded down my arm , but I pressed on , stalking him , taunting him .
tr	I	He levitated them and one by one they jumped .
tr	O	He looked again , but the hovercraft was lifting into the air without him .
tr	I	Some puss filled zits around your mouth first thing tomorrow morning and maybe you 'll also get a nice sloppy kiss .
tr	O	Medusa watched as the waters wavered and a face formed in the ripples .
tr	O	At that moment the door opened and their heads swung around .
tr	O	Rome finds this perplexing and she is not alone .
tr	O	We 'd whipped through the streets of San Diego , and she 'd clung to me the whole time .
tr	O	I wanted to see his response and I watched him carefully for it .
tr	O	Things were happening in the world but I was watching them without seeing .
tr	O	I had told everyone in the underworld not to mess with me , and it looked like they 'd finally decided to listen .
tr	O	It was almost impossible to argue with the man but as she thought about what he said , her temper flared a bit .
tr	I	I would not trust you by my side either , but I would not trust you out of my sight .
tr	I	She has one big flaw , but she 's about the nicest person I know .
tr	O	I took a step into the hallway and a light went on overhead .
tr	O	It looked as I knew it would , but the smell , unmistakably her , shocked me .
tr	I	I gestured Angelina inside , and I pushed open the door .
tr	I	I can 't squirm away from him and he tightens his hold around my arms .
tr	I	Everyone fell silent and it was nearly midnight when Henry stood .
tr	I	He would trust in God to see him through ; and he would leave his unit in search of adventure .
tr	O	The rich flavor of spicy , smoked beef was so good her stomach cramped , and it took all her self-control not to swallow .
tr	O	Her own hands ached now from slamming them together with such force , but she didn 't care .
tr	I	I was rather taken aback by their poor health that would have hospitalized a normal man , and some were worse than others .
tr	O	He instead gestured to the table , and a Monopoly board appeared .
tr	I	The floor was like quicksand , but I tried to step out .
tr	I	My throat was too dry , but I tried to swallow .
tr	I	This was Dani 's show , but Cassie realized that the popcorn had not been made for a movie .
tr	O	Zoe was too horrified to respond , and Eddie shot me a withering look .
tr	O	She was nervous , like a schoolgirl calling a boy for the first time , but she had reason to be .
tr	I	The truth of the matter was that he hadn 't been drunk enough to lose his senses , but he could blame it on the alcohol .
tr	I	Then she hadn 't been paying much attention , but she didn 't recall details of his family .
tr	I	I immediately heard the door lock , and Quinn came in after me , slammed the door .
tr	O	I 've had to grieve the loss of my friends twice already , and part of me feels like this can 't possibly be happening .
tr	O	He knew something was wrong , but he couldn 't figure out what .
tr	I	The other was gesturing along with her words , and she had one hand placed on her hip .
tr	O	I started to open it and she shook her head .
tr	I	Until now there hadn 't been any reason to contact the manager and they 'd lived in the apartment for well over a year .
tr	I	His head fell to the side , but his fingers stayed firmly gripped to Nikolas 's shoulder .
tr	I	His back was to Deckard and he was tall .
tr	I	She figured she was broken , but she knew sex could be good .
tr	O	He may not know these brothers of his , but they were counting on him , damn it .
tr	I	The door swung open , and he rang the bell .
tr	I	She needed him to leave as quickly as possible and she was barely hanging onto what was left of it now .
tr	O	He then yelled at Jeremy to turn into the seas but Jeremy could hear not .
tr	I	Marcia forced herself to take a sip of water from the chewed cup , and Jenna slipped back to Sarah 's side .
tr	I	I know right away that he didn 't and the shock on his face is too real .
tr	I	She moved her fingers in careful consideration , and the pain faded rapidly from her body .
tr	I	The proper sounds can be made into the most bizarre visual effects in the mind , and it can do everything with sound effects .
tr	I	People danced and musicians played .
tr	I	He would do nothing to slow his arrival , but just what that meant he did not know .
tr	I	It didn 't stop the scream of rage that fol owed , but boulders crashed down , blocking the cavern .
tr	I	It must 've been bad because she never dates , but mom doesn 't say much about what went wrong .
tr	O	I press my lips over hers , and every cell in my body sings .
tr	I	You would have no way of knowing it would put you in danger , but it was foolish of you to dress beneath your station .
tr	I	The guarded look in his eyes pulled at her heart , and Tony walked around the SUV to open Sarah 's door .
tr	O	His expression asked no favors , but Cassie knew what he must be feeling underneath it .
tr	O	All he cared about was Ethan , and Ethan knew it .
tr	I	Much addicted to spiritualism but she is a kind person .
tr	O	I didn 't think it was possible , but apparently it is , feeling the anger simmering inside me , possessing me .
tr	I	I was more scared of the gun in Blaire 's hands than of Angelina at the moment but I should have done something to fight back now .
tr	I	She knew the admission cost him , and a muscle ticked in his jaw .
tr	I	I wasn 't getting the feel of a newly embalmed corpse , which might indicate a funeral home , and we weren 't passing a cemetery .
tr	I	We began going up and the doors shut .
tr	O	The Watson story would overshadow my own for a while , but once that was over , it would be my turn .
tr	O	She sat down with her wine and I brought out the shrimp scampi .
tr	I	I actually have been here in Mesopotamia for a few days now and I left my family a few months ago in search of you .
tr	I	He seemed to be dealing with it well , but Raegan said he didn 't talk about it .
tr	O	His eyes were full of sorrow as he looked at me and I wanted to make it go away .
tr	O	Otto 's face was stoic , but Nick 's was angry , as if he really resented this meeting .
tr	I	Mrs. Flowers silently barred the way , but he took a step toward them as if threatening to come through the door .
tr	I	I was startled at the fierceness I saw , and he shifted his gaze back to me .
tr	I	He came into focus as he limped up to us , pulling off the helmet , and I scanned the darkness again .
tr	I	I didn 't expect her to make a spectacle , but I know I asked her to be polite to Lake .
tr	I	It will come , but like Wodehouse says , it 'll take the trainee a little longer to get the idea .
tr	I	This time I don 't pay attention to my dress , and he scoops me back up .
tr	O	Just tell me what you do want , and I 'll make sure it happens .
tr	O	The screen door opens and they come out .
tr	O	Sometimes Rupert joined her , and they walked in companionable silence .
tr	O	Her skin felt warm through the clingy red fabric and he was reluctant to let her go when the hostess showed them to their table .
tr	I	They were so diluted with fear they most likely wouldn 't have listened anyway and the sound level was deafening in the underground club .
tr	I	His clothes looked as if they had stains from not one but a dozen previous owners , but his face was clean .
tr	O	Instinct took over , and he ran .
tr	I	The rest of him was mildly amused , but a part of him wanted to beat her upside the head .
tr	O	David released his friend , and the sergeant curled back up reflexively with a moan .
tr	I	She could only watch in amazement , and he also did other exercises , continually working to bring his body back up to par .
tr	O	He 'd donned a role once before to survive , but now he was comfortable with who he was .
tr	O	The door opened and they saw the thing on the floor .
tr	I	My eyes leaving the cashmere to fall on a pair of black boots , and I thought about the blood spraying my cardigan .
tr	I	She didn 't say it , but Astrid was sure there was more than that .
tr	I	There was a single white rose in the center and Twelve were red .
tr	I	She bit her lower lip and her eyes narrowed .
tr	O	Her eyes were a pretty , deep blue , but when she spoke , she betrayed her true nature .
tr	O	Dominic Spinelli may have been one of the youngest detectives ever assigned to the Second Precinct , but he had an experienced sense of investigative direction .
tr	O	Sam moaned against his mouth but she did not resist .
tr	I	He does work in ways we cannot comprehend , but I 'm not saying this is God 's will .
tr	O	I 'm all closed off and I need to have control more than other men .
tr	I	She started to snore and I poked her arm .
tr	O	It was a mere speck on the horizon , and there was no sign of Jonah .
tr	O	Megan looked over my face and she unleashed a dazzling smile .
tr	O	Mr. Peck left school by ambulance and Mercy General was the closest hospital .
tr	O	Another Bravado guard stood there , and he looked even more shocked by my appearance than Tara .
tr	O	He was no more brusque than usual , but Anya was put off by his attire .
tr	O	They know the value we place on our own ; and knowing that , they have to gather as many of those precious assets as possible .
tr	I	She was too exhausted , but Jaxon wanted to reach for him , to merge her mind with his .
tr	O	I tried to stop my fingers , tried to interrupt the sweeping motion , but it felt like my grip no longer belonged to me .
tr	O	He didn 't know her very well but he was beginning to recognize something about her .
tr	I	I struggled to push them aside , and horrible images filled my mind .
tr	I	He handled it graciously , but Sarah could tell that the captain was somewhat annoyed by the intrusion .
tr	I	I sank back in my seat and he pounded his fist on the steering wheel .
tr	I	It seemed to me you could , but I don 't say you loved me .
tr	I	I adored certain things he did and I loved everything he was ( not every little bit of thing about him though ) .
tr	I	My hands tremble as I reach around to fasten the clasp and I loop my arms through the straps .
tr	I	I knew that it was for the best , but my heart trembled a little , leaving him there all alone .
tr	I	They would need to remain here for the first few days and it was also the first stop because they both would undergo a complete medical examination .
tr	I	She took advantage and he tore his mouth away from hers at the pain .
tr	I	She held out for as long as she could before a frustrated sigh escaped her tightened throat , and she knew exactly what he was doing .
tr	I	I don 't know why and butterflies erupt in my stomach .
tr	O	Her eyelids lifted and she stared at him incredulously .
tr	O	Instantly the door flew open and the other two guards rushed in .
tr	O	It had been secondhand , which was fine by me , but Frank hated it .
tr	I	His head hurt worse , but he didn 't think it possible .
tr	I	I don 't deserve a call , and he 's not a texter .
tr	I	He kept holding on anyway , but the shrapnel scratches on his arm hurt .
tr	O	They had immediately prepared an expedition , and they had left within the hour .
tr	O	The only lighting was that from the sun , and the shadows in the expansive room seemed extraordinarily deep .
tr	O	I 'll leave the rinsing and drying to you .
tr	I	I 'm sick of beans , and I am unambitious with dinner , because we don 't have anything other than dried beans .
tr	O	The telephone landline would be disconnected at the exchange , and the white van already parked over the road would switch on its electronic jammer .
tr	O	Edgar offered her his hand , and she accepted it .
tr	O	She struggled , but it was one of the tribe , someone stronger than her .
tr	I	Yet as an analytical exercise , it proved powerful , and Rachel 's question , Tolland knew , was loaded .
tr	I	It takes awhile to believe he 's real , but my head snaps around at the hiss .
tr	I	He ran his fingers over my head , calming me , and I shrugged .
tr	I	I don 't plan on it either and I never did bother to text Cooper .
tr	I	She got to keep it after the divorce , along with a sizable monthly alimony check and Nicole had bought this house with husband number two .
tr	O	The demons were closing in , and it was time to fight .
tr	I	I waved her up and Maggie was hanging back .
tr	I	There is barely a dry eye in the place and the song wraps up .
tr	O	She took my hand and we walked into the chateau .
tr	O	A bet to get me into bed , and I had no idea .
tr	I	I was busy imagining Mr. Peterson 's reaction when he saw his mailbox , but someone called out something .
tr	I	His name was conspicuously absent from our conversations for the rest of the day , but I don 't know what Margaret said .
tr	I	Diana was hiding behind it , and it had slammed into place .
tr	I	They weren 't far away , but they were nowhere near as fast as Lara had been .
tr	I	A door opened and the lights went out .
tr	O	Give me an hour and I can be out of the building .
tr	I	Alone , they weren 't so bad , but he still had the highlights in his hair .
tr	O	My voice is a little low than usual but it isn 't any less clear than before .
tr	I	I continued to shake my head and I felt my eyes fill up with tears .
tr	O	It hurts like hell when you care about someone and they betray you .
tr	O	It takes three minutes for the phone to ring and them to tell me that they are sending a guest up .
tr	O	It wasn 't like I 'd lost a family member , but it felt like I had .
tr	I	It comes across as being kind of unbelievable , and they like to brag about the things that they 've seen .
tr	O	The darkness was closing in , and every corner of the room seemed menacing .
tr	I	The building was as openly hostile as its owner and there was nothing inviting about Oliver 's cabin .
tr	O	I was surprised when I walked into the kitchen and Nick was sitting on one of the bar stools .
tr	O	They disappear and heat rises .
tr	I	The silvery amulet was gone , but she searched the bedside table .
tr	O	Her face brightened and her lips parted .
tr	I	She smiled and I practiced my French .
tr	I	The guard screamed as he flew through the air and there was a flash of blue light .
tr	O	Jesse 's father JJ had been a dashing man , and in his brighter moments could focus intense love on the people he chose to favour .
tr	I	Achy her teeth hurt and Carol was so exhausted .
tr	O	I 'm not gorgeous like some movie star , but I 'm pretty .
tr	I	His hold on her was controlled , so careful , but she could feel the rage vibrating in his body .
tr	I	I stood there , silently , and shock froze me in place , gaping like an idiot .
tr	O	He hadn 't actually done anything illegal and it had to be pretty obvious that he wasn 't part of a terrorist ring .
tr	O	Beth did not seem to hear , but then she turned toward him slowly .
tr	I	There was no answer , but I had tried to call her hotel suite a few times .
tr	O	It would haunt me till the end of my days , and I had the slight suspicion it would haunt Alex forever .
tr	I	I met their stares and my hands dropped from my face .
tr	O	She accused me of trying to take her spot , and she grabbed my arm .
tr	O	It was the vampire librarian again , and this time his voice was impatient .
tr	O	He wrapped his arms around her , and her legs came around his back .
tr	I	He turned around , and she called out .
tr	O	I would have given anything ... but I had nothing to give .
tr	O	I pushed at the lights , ordering them to bend to my will , but they did not obey .
tr	I	His arms tightened around her more , and Levi growled instructions in her ear .
tr	O	Of finding a temporary partner for sex one night and then leaving to find a new one the next .
tr	I	I needed a lot of prompting but they came out well .
tr	O	I wanted to say as much , but I couldn 't .
tr	O	His forearms were sprinkled with golden hair and Mackenzie stared down at his bare arms .
tr	O	I approached his table and he smiled at me .
tr	O	It will not open for another month , but a large crowd is always present to view the giant wheel , created by Mr. George Ferris .
tr	O	These memories were going to have to last her a lifetime and she intended to enjoy every moment .
tr	I	It made sense , but Poor baby boy .
tr	O	One leg appeared to be shorter than the other , or his spine had been fused , because he had an awkward gait .
tr	I	She 'd be written off as a millionaire 's paid-for mistress and people would take one look at her , at her obvious closeness to Guy .
tr	I	The sun was blistering and it was Saturday afternoon .
tr	I	They all joined into one source located opposite the sisters ' cabin and all three rays of light were encased by streams of black smoke .
tr	O	Sam seemed shy , which made sense since she was a stranger , but he also seemed interested in getting to know her .
tr	I	He caught it with his thumb , and a tear tumbled down her cheek .
tr	I	When they caught me , they would tear me to pieces , and I could hear demons above , screaming toward me at speeds faster than thought .
tr	I	They were given one and the people cried out for a King .
tr	O	I didn 't know how , but they knew .
tr	O	It took a few moments for Judy to return to the ground , and when she did , she turned , carefully , to face Thomas .
tr	I	He stopped me , his voice a whip that snapped my gaze back to his , but I gripped him , moving to take off the heels .
tr	O	He looked about constantly as he walked , and his hand was never far from the hilt of the sword at his waist .
tr	O	The room was suddenly filled with the onrushing sound of prototypical music , however , and this seemed to buttress her courage .
tr	I	I knew I had to find out , but I didn 't know what it meant .
tr	O	Internet news outlets carried blurbs about the Lost Van Gogh , and speculations soared in related chat rooms .
tr	O	Then the music started up again , and the guests resumed their previous conversations .
tr	I	The morning sun warmed them as they ate breakfast , but it was cold .
tr	I	There was something almost comforting about it tonight , but under normal circumstances that might have been creepy .
tr	O	The gunslinger began , and after a moment Jake came after .
tr	I	The smoothness of the ride allowed Jason to be immersed in his own thoughts and the cab carefully inched its way up Highway 401 .
tr	I	A blast of warm air hit my body , taking me by surprise and I got outside .
tr	O	Anna looked at her in surprise , but Selena endured her gaze without blinking .
tr	O	The tears spilled over , and I faced him desperately .
tr	O	She knew he was just being honest -- and she knew she reeked of sweat .
tr	I	His disturbance is quite severe , and he is a sensitive man .
tr	I	I was too turned on , but I almost pouted .
tr	I	I was about to die and the forest was right outside .
tr	O	I want to make a joke about having a bigger brain , but words fail me .
tr	O	Little by little , she grew more comfortable , until the awkwardness fell away , and she was actually dancing .
tr	O	That pissed me off , and I ran my nails down his back , hard .
tr	I	He 'd come back and not while there was a chance his brake lights would flash cherry .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but she was a dribbling mess .
tr	O	She had no idea what would happen when it got there , but it didn 't seem good .
tr	I	I want to memorize all of him in this instant , and his eyes are just slightly open .
tr	I	Christina poured a cup , and the coffee was ready .
tr	I	She was the carefree daughter of a well-to-do businessman , and I was the handsome young buck without a clue .
tr	O	He is not a friend of mine and I call him by his first name .
tr	O	There was a long pause as she waited for Devlin to answer , and Chester smiled .
tr	I	At the same time , Ainsley knew Cameron was keeping a rock-hard rein on his patience , but his voice held frustration .
tr	I	I understand why , and my parents are a little crazy .
tr	I	In its wake he leaves a trail of goose bumps and Knox runs a finger along the side of my thigh .
tr	I	There were already several inches on the ground , and we hadn 't even been walking an hour .
tr	O	The others look impressed , but the girl just sneers .
tr	I	We sat in silence , and I nodded .
tr	I	I couldn 't justify leaping from a building and my legs were already jelly from running .
tr	I	There was nothing he could do to fix it , but he wasn 't that ecstatic about his appearance .
tr	I	I hated him at that moment , and Anger curled through me like poison .
tr	O	Lynette reached her car and they all jumped in .
tr	I	Soon she felt his presence becoming less irritating , and he was becoming a common sight for her .
tr	O	Alix had suspected as much and now her suspicions were confirmed .
tr	I	He pushes past that but his arms feel awkward .
tr	O	A warm breeze whispered through from the window , and it brought with it the memories of summer evenings hanging by Jules 's pool .
tr	I	Someday she would find him , and she wanted to be with someone who thought that she was special .
tr	I	I will dance my own destruction or I must be more careful .
tr	O	Olga ran towards the bathroom to check if Sofia was there , and I followed suit .
tr	I	The memory of her vibrant voice sang in his ears , and her lush auburn hair reminded him of autumn .
tr	I	His wrists were handcuffed to the cot rails and his arms were straight at his sides .
tr	I	That 's why I felt pressure and she explained the head was down .
tr	O	He thought this would have been good for me , but he couldn 't let it happen because of political considerations .
tr	O	He chomped down hard on his tobacco and a trickle of dark liquid ran to his beard , already heavily stained .
tr	O	Glen rested his hand on her hip , and her skin was as smooth as the sight of it had promised .
tr	I	She doubted he 'd mind , but Claire wondered what he thought about this private moment .
tr	O	The hard ridge of him rubbing her low belly made her crazy , and she stroked him through his jeans .
tr	I	He is also on the Management Board but he should be on the client list .
tr	O	He cursed and Austin froze .
tr	O	I know that doesn 't make sense , but it 's not .
tr	O	Lauren didn 't know what Alex saw in the man , but she knew that her sister was going to do whatever she wanted .
tr	O	I 've got the number , and I can pay you with my credit card .
tr	O	The promise had eventually been crushed , but she still had the memory of that hope .
tr	O	This was good work and the story was compelling .
tr	O	He glanced at the hearth and a fire sprang to life .
tr	I	The boy smiled back at us , and we each took a glass .
tr	I	I find myself smiling just before a small laugh slips past my lips and her laughter is contagious .
tr	I	He is the ' living God ' , and the vegetable world is like Him because it is alive .
tr	I	I didn 't have a lightning bolt scar on my forehead and the only thing missing was a basket .
tr	I	Everyone in our group laughed at her hypothesis , but Ivy insisted Brandon had something to do with the wolves retreating .
tr	O	The wind coming off the ocean was cool , and she shivered in spite of the fact she 'd worn her sweater .
tr	I	The bright blue colour of it looked very out of place in the dark lounge and the tarp was easily five square metres in size .
tr	I	They 'd both agreed never to cross it , and it was as if an invisible line had been drawn .
tr	O	She had no idea what that meant , and late in the evening she couldn 't find anyone willing to explain it to her .
tr	I	The words came out before he could stop them , but he didn 't want to touch her .
tr	O	We said our good byes and I left the station with a better opinion of the police than I had when I came in .
tr	O	An hour went by and Frannie finished the polishing .
tr	O	Her tongue touches mine , and she her lips quiver .
tr	O	My heart hurts as West and I stare at each other .
tr	O	She still looked pale , but he wasn 't worried .
tr	I	You need to get better first , but I know it 's bothering you .
tr	I	He seventeen and I 'd been fourteen .
tr	O	What they gave us was plenty , and we thrived on it .
tr	I	She stepped out of the door and I pulled my hand away from her .
tr	O	Color rose in Skyler 's face and she moved closer to Dimitri .
tr	O	My 97th birthday is a couple weeks away , and I intend this to be my final journal entry .
tr	O	Evie was totally innocent , and his machinations had cost her her home .
tr	I	My vocal chords don 't seem to be functioning at the moment , but get me the hell out of here is next on my list .
tr	I	I continued nonetheless , but I suddenly knew what she was going to ask .
tr	I	Maggie was quick to follow , and I climbed out of the gully .
tr	O	I love Logan , and he loves me .
tr	I	Instinct told him Knox had followed them , but he 'D CAUGHT only the faintest hint of water splashing .
tr	I	He had seldom had any choice , but much that he had done had been little to his honour .
tr	O	She looked around , but nobody was there .
tr	I	The one I knew was more than enough , but I was less familiar with his other aliases .
tr	O	A trickle of cold began to snake down her spine and still , she remained quiet .
tr	I	Having them branded into my hands didn 't automatically give me that particular skill , but the marks might be the symbol for patience .
tr	I	She hoped to heaven she never had to again , and misty had never before cut flowers that fought back .
tr	O	I know most of you from last year but there seems to be some new faces in class .
tr	O	My heart starts beating at rapid speeds and my brain is telling me to run .
tr	I	They 'd pin cushion him as soon as he shows his face , but maybe Mal could hit one with a knife .
tr	O	I walked to it , but my legs felt like fire .
tr	O	The cabinets were half open , with bugs crawling out of the corners , and spider webs dangling from all kinds of odd places .
tr	I	It looked like he was considering shooting us for whispering , but I guess it was habit .
tr	O	Gabriel whispers , but I grab his arm as he is about to dart off .
tr	I	In that time a second Cane came through the door , but the guardsmen hesitated for no longer than a panicked heartbeat .
tr	O	I was all my little brother and my mom had .
tr	I	I begin to frantically gather my tray 's contents from the ground and Embarrassment takes over .
tr	I	He halted , looking around for the danger and some sixth sense seemed to warn the Arab .
tr	O	His eyes twinkled , and he seemed to be over the rejection .
tr	O	He was struck blind , but after three days his sight was restored by Ananias of Damascus .
tr	O	He was beaten and he knew it .
tr	I	I wasn 't stupid , but I might have been stubborn .
tr	O	I desperately wanted to believe Thorne , but the practical side of my personality just couldn 't let me .
tr	I	Without a way to control his lateral movement , he could not intervene , but Warren fell with them .
tr	O	There is a red circle around the city of Perth , but that can 't be right .
tr	I	That told me what sort of woman she was , and I held her gaze until she looked away first .
tr	I	I didn 't want to ruin it , and being with my mom again was amazing .
tr	O	She opened her mouth to say something almost , but she choked .
tr	O	John , his timing off from Tara 's by a split second from dodging the shot , finally reached Armstrong , but the man was too fast .
tr	O	The three men were acting oddly , and I had one of those moments when I knew I was missing something .
tr	O	They had one false start as they came to another tributary , but after half an hour they could see the river shrinking rapidly .
tr	O	A cloud of dust went up my nose and I coughed .
tr	I	I lost the ability to breathe and he licked his lips .
tr	I	I need you , and I 'm really afraid .
tr	I	I hadn 't even seen any ' normal ' people since I left home and I got good at avoiding zombies .
tr	I	He was momentarily distracted as he answered the call and the man 's phone rang .
tr	O	We would need everyone at one hundred percent for this job , that means me and Haley had some physical therapy to do .
tr	I	Her stomach gave a warning heave , and Green , fleshy bits smeared over the glass .
tr	O	A single guitar player was playing the song at half time , but the tune was almost haunting .
tr	I	A steady green glow emerged from two holes in the barn 's flooring , but the barn 's interior was shadowed .
tr	O	I let him know that I had a family emergency and I needed to take , at least a month to work it out .
tr	I	They all guessed at least a year , but no one knew for certain how long Spirit had been in the city .
tr	I	I fell to the ground and a gust of wind flew by my head .
tr	I	We were just kids and she was cooking supper .
tr	I	Her bottom lip quivers , and her complexion is pale .
tr	O	I 'd sneered at the fancy vampires , and as some kind of cosmic retribution , I 'd been made one .
tr	O	I followed him out of the cell , and Cologne took up the rear .
tr	O	I heard Cole shout my name , but it didn 't make any sense .
tr	O	We were about two miles from Austin , in the trees Wren and I had used for cover on our way from Rosa .
tr	I	The momentum escaped me , but I leaned back in my chair , determined to add just one more point .
tr	O	He aimed his gun for me and I realized I had lost mine when I hit the ground .
tr	O	It was the first Count causality in the civil war evoked in my name , and it was Gage who killed for me .
tr	O	The pain takes him over and it is too severe still .
tr	I	It wasn 't only with fear , and her heart fluttered .
tr	I	There 's some conflicting information in them , and your father 's newest test results have come in .
tr	O	Your hands are in fists and you 're swinging your legs .
tr	I	It didn 't stop me from charging ahead , but I saw the sheet of haze separating us .
tr	O	The crew kept the panic to a well-ordered minimum , but Renna 's muscles throbbed with the urge to flee .
tr	O	They 'd fallen into the dangerous waters of a relationship , and that scared her .
tr	I	I am nothing if not forgiving , but you 've chosen the wrong side .
tr	I	I lost it , and that balloon burst .
tr	O	George was determined to prove that the house was his kingdom and we were his servants , bound to obey his every wish .
tr	O	The first wave was mostly Reboots , but there were a few humans with us .
tr	O	Chapter 15 After they handed out the last of the boxes , Aiden went outside the wall and Austin went back to the shop .
tr	I	He groaned and I squeezed his hardness again .
tr	O	We haven 't been that careful about locking it , since we 're on the second floor , but apparently we should have been .
tr	O	She looked a little younger than the rest , but Mon had insisted that I take her , so I did .
tr	O	My head jerks up , and I look at him .
tr	O	It was guarded , but it was open .
tr	O	Man , I wanted her , but I didn 't want her to think it was all physical .
tr	I	I enjoyed the city feel , but the streets were crowded again .
tr	I	Lawyers think like lawyers , and cops think like cops .
tr	O	I pushed on his chest and he turned to his side .
tr	O	He offered me a full cup and I took it gratefully .
tr	I	She didn 't cry , but a sob caught in her throat .
tr	O	He 'd still be busy but I knock anyway .
tr	I	She had grown to like having him there , but she was still not used to having Devon in her room , in her life even .
tr	O	I knew that things between Kira and me would never be the same .
tr	O	June shakes her head , and her shoulders slightly droop .
tr	O	The day would not wait for him and his name beckoned .
tr	I	They will totally disregard whatever the evidence might be to the contrary , and they will absolutely deny that it worked .
tr	O	I thought about what Ethan might say , considering I just left with his best friend , but I honestly didn 't give a shit .
tr	I	Her pupils are dilated , and her hair is a bit wild .
tr	I	I was also trying to remain alert , but I was trying to enjoy the song .
tr	O	They drove until it was dark , but they found nothing resembling the place in their dream .
tr	O	Alcide had been talking at least some of the time I 'd been thinking , and I 'd missed a lot of it .
tr	O	I know we shouldn 't have been , but there you have it .
tr	I	He had , but he didn 't think he could stand to lose her .
tr	I	I knew where he kept it , and I knew he had a feather .
tr	I	He grinned and Abby nodded .
tr	O	They obeyed without questioning and they were well paid .
tr	O	She worked as an extra in the movie Con Air , and she has traveled extensively .
tr	O	Like he had his hands in it , or someone else had their hands in it .
tr	I	He was sweating prodigiously , and his face was grey .
tr	I	That seemed to ease the tension a little , and Reed laughed .
tr	I	Its roof hung higher than any ordinary room 's , and its walls were pushed well apart .
tr	O	He had little chance of surviving a battle with the Cane , and he knew it .
tr	O	Lowe , the tall , skinny guy , raised his beer and I noted his fingernails were covered in chipped black nail polish .
tr	I	This picture was breathtaking , but she had thought Rose was beautiful .
tr	I	Nothing looked edible , and I had to go through the line alone .
tr	O	The lights from downtown glowed softly around us , and I looked away from Asher 's handsome profile .
tr	O	He had made up his mind , and I wouldn 't be changing it .
tr	I	I hadn 't realized the only way out was to forfeit publicly , and I wasn 't familiar with the rules of debate competitions .
tr	I	It was still a cheap shot , but she didn 't have any children .
tr	I	She nodded and Charlotte glanced at Annie for confirmation .
tr	O	Sophia waited for the joke , but it didn 't come .
tr	I	She was panting just like I was and I looked down at her perfect face .
tr	O	Elliot leaned forward to look at his eyes , and as he approached , Driscoll wrinkled his nose .
tr	I	Kimber came out onto the porch and the door to the house opened .
tr	I	I could see that , while he was comforted , his fear overcame all else , and I offered my most confident smile .
tr	O	It was a heavy secret and he felt the colours fade from his life .
tr	O	It was the same look the police officer gave me the moment he told me they wished they could help , but it was probably too late .
tr	O	She couldn 't control that response , but she allowed herself no other .
tr	I	None came , but she struggled for a reply .
tr	I	Something seemed very real about this one , but Sara wondered if she was still dreaming .
tr	I	She 'd married Liam because of Bret and she 'd left Julian because of Jacey .
tr	O	He had his treatment and I had my future .
tr	I	That small movement sent a shiver of heat down her spine , but she was rarely distracted by anything .
tr	O	Jasper rushes in front to shield me , but it 's too late .
tr	O	Josh came out , and my jaw tightened .
tr	O	It didn 't give her much time , but she 'd take what she could get .
tr	O	They lived in a modest log cabin , but he sensed they didn 't spend much time indoors .
tr	I	It didn 't mean a thing , and she probably treated dozens of guys like that every day .
tr	I	He halted when he saw how petrified Sabrina looked , but Anger oozed out of his pores like a sickness as Isaac stalked toward them .
tr	O	Neil thought he should be impressed , but all he felt was bitterness .
tr	I	She held up her hand , stopping him , but Sebastian started to interrupt .
tr	I	Air raids could occur on any coastal city at any time and the US was at war .
tr	I	Grace followed with her heart aching , and Josh pulled into a parking spot .
tr	I	Isidore heard a sprinkling of handclaps , and the studio audience laughed .
tr	O	The others at the table looked surprised , but Suzy looked like a mafia don nodding her head in approval .
tr	O	The wind had never seemed more brutal , and the edges of the water were thickly overlaid with a crust of ice .
tr	I	His chainmail coif was rolled back around his neck and his helmet was at his feet .
tr	O	A wave of love for him overwhelms me , and I throw my arms around him .
tr	I	That offered no refuge , and the only object near to her was the tangle of abandoned machinery on which she had landed .
tr	O	Max knew that Mia only agreed to go with him to these types of events because he had to go , but she attended with him anyway .
tr	O	Jake grinned broadly as she spoke , and he leaned back on the chaise to listen to her tell him about her day .
tr	O	He hated to leave them so abruptly , without any more of a welcome , but his next task couldn 't wait .
tr	I	None of them ever seemed to learn , but she seemed to play this game with them every few months .
tr	O	Gray shoved the handle , and the door cracked open .
tr	O	His eyes widen and his pupils dilate .
tr	I	Clay was tired of the sign language , and so far his receiver had not been needed .
tr	I	Some of the shops now poured their light into the narrow walkway , and torches were passing us , making a spitting sound as they flared .
tr	O	The Marine guards scooped up the crew member and he disappeared .
tr	O	Mom 's face went red and I prepared for another verbal assault .
tr	I	Then pouring a cup of the piping black goodness and warming his hands for a moment .
tr	I	The Owyhee County Sheriff joined the effort and the community of Bruneau cooperated in the couple 's request .
tr	O	Men were always tripping over my roommate , but she wanted nothing to do with them .
tr	O	The mound was hollow , and inside was something big .
tr	O	I kiss her then , and she doesn 't fight me .
tr	O	Part of her knew that was stupid , but she couldn 't get past it .
tr	O	I was relieved that Dara seemed momentarily distracted from her mother 's absence , but I knew it would only be temporary .
tr	I	We had come a long way since then and I remembered when she was afraid of me .
tr	O	I couldn 't be sure , but it was the right size for a crow .
tr	I	It was making his being respond with desire , and he could feel her soft body beneath his .
tr	I	It was starting to get dark when Gavin rushed at us and we 'd been searching for some time .
tr	O	Patch tugged on the iron ring pull , and the door swung toward us .
tr	I	What could he do , but Ned didn 't look happy about it ?
tr	I	She would have felt wrong helping her , too , but she 'd felt terrible for hanging up on Spencer .
tr	I	There must have been about a thousand of us , probably more and several platoons had reached this trench .
tr	O	You don 't have to do this alone , and you don 't have to make things right before you come to Him .
tr	O	It hadn 't been her intention to hurt him , but she had .
tr	O	Gabe waited for him to say more , but he didn 't .
tr	O	For the last half hour , all had been still and quiet .
tr	I	I asked the question anyway , but I knew what she was talking about .
tr	O	She closed her eyes , but that only made it worse .
tr	I	I crashed the neck against the counter , shattering the top , and my hand grabbed for another bottle of whiskey .
tr	I	Soon she would enjoy an unparalleled view of it in all its glory and the black cloud that was covering the moon was very slowly moving eastwards .
tr	O	I hadn 't been lying about being late , and I was grateful Sophia hadn 't asked what I was late for .
tr	O	His accent held a trace of something exotic , but she couldn 't place his country of origin .
tr	I	Rhea eyed Kari with malevolence , and two more of the creatures crept his way .
tr	O	My face feels hot , and I shrink into myself , my shoulders curving in .
tr	I	There is a friend there who runs one of the local inns , and Food may become a concern as well .
tr	I	I blew in her ear so I could hear them again and the sound of her giggles brought a smile to my face .
tr	I	His fingers bunched in her hair , forcing her mouth toward him and his eyes went hot .
tr	I	People still did it , but smoking was illegal .
tr	O	I wiped the gross saliva from my face , and some burned because it got in my eye .
tr	I	Steve drove the tip of his sword at my face , and I dropped back , startled .
tr	O	My voice was grim as the rain came down still harder and I looked around for saplings that I could use to immobilize his arm .
tr	O	It reacted badly and he had knocked over the tanks , thus starting the electrical fire .
tr	I	There were no other takers , but Margie reached for another cookie , then passed the plate .
tr	O	Lucien smiled at her and he received a hesitant smile in return .
tr	O	I don 't know what they 're doing in there but it doesn 't sound natural !
tr	I	The night is too cold to wash them now , but my clothes are also dirty from travel .
tr	I	There was no way around it to reach them , and it covered almost a full acre .
tr	I	He wanted to kick himself in the ass , and her silence gave him time to think .
tr	I	I knew I couldn 't stay , and I couldn 't find my slippers .
tr	O	The other two guards left and the Sergeant shouldered his rifle .
tr	I	Johnny scrambled to his feet and a honk sounded outside .
tr	O	Only one could win , and everyone knew who that was going to be .
tr	O	Her earlier buzz had dissipated , and she didn 't like not knowing what she was getting herself into .
tr	O	Tyler Drake was human , but he was an extraordinary human .
tr	O	He was hungry - no , starving - and his whole body was burning with the urge to drink as deeply as he liked .
tr	O	She put stickers on all her folders , and her work in school usually came home covered in stars .
tr	I	His voice calling her name stopped her but she turned to go .
tr	I	She has trouble focusing and her eyes flutter open .
tr	O	The man looked different in a Metropolitan Police blue polo shirt , but he was certain this was the rogue who had tricked him .
tr	O	You aren 't safe here , and I can 't keep you so .
tr	O	My steps falter , and my eyebrows raise .
tr	O	The hands she held tugged , and Prue let her go .
tr	I	It wouldn 't last , but Ada had made herself physical again .
tr	I	I took the lead , and Michael nodded to me .
tr	I	She was taking them somewhere to murder them and wondering if all the loss had sent Imelda somehow insane !
tr	O	It seemed unlikely , but it wouldn 't be the first time his sister had surprised him .
tr	O	I called a few minutes ago , but she didn 't answer the phone .
tr	I	I closed my eyes , wondering if he was going to suggest that we snuggle up , and our shoulders rubbed together .
tr	O	My body was on high alert , and my mind was already working overtime .
tr	O	I thought almost longingly of Ben , who had his problems , but at least he was free of drama .
tr	I	She hadn 't been married five minutes and already she was acting like a docile nitwit .
tr	I	We just have to figure out how to deal with them when they do , and Bad things happen .
tr	I	She didn 't have the experience that her friend had but she knew she wasn 't doing as good a job .
tr	I	He slams my body into his hips and Sean 's hands slip around my waist .
tr	I	Regretted it was not on her finger , and she held up the engagement ring dangling from the necklace .
tr	I	Within his mind , Anon sensed only calm ... but the air erupted with the child 's scream .
tr	O	Cronin leveled accusations that led to agitation in the ranks , and the United Brotherhood 's existence was hanging by a thread .
tr	O	Daphne 's blue eyes were sparking with energy and her cheeks were flushed .
tr	I	I nearly wept with relief , and it was Jeff 's voice .
tr	O	I reached for my gun , but a warm hand encircled my wrist .
tr	I	I dug my fingernails into his neck in response , and he nipped at my neck with his teeth .
tr	I	We maneuvered our way outside and Jonah nodded his agreement .
tr	O	He had a job to do , and he would do it .
tr	O	Logic told him not to worry , but the mystic in him was troubled .
tr	I	It had seen more use than most of the rest , and the room wasn 't large by the standards of the rest of the house .
tr	I	We have not booked a hotel and it 's now 7pm .
tr	I	I could only catch glimpses through the cracks in the blind but I 'd tried to peek in when I first moved there .
tr	I	Everything about this entire series of events is unimaginable to me and he feels so dangerous .
tr	O	Marian smiled kindly but Sibyl shook her head , feeling tears stinging the backs of her eyes , tears she refused to shed , for now .
tr	I	They certainly don 't get excited over cars , and girls that age aren 't thinking of driving .
tr	I	There was nothing he could do about it and you were lost in the midst of time .
tr	O	She hated being so emotional , but she couldn 't help it .
tr	O	She peeked up at me when she said that and I could clearly see the hope in her eyes .
tr	I	Selene deserves to die , and Because Porsche was my friend too .
tr	O	He brought his arm around her , and she snuggled into his tender embrace .
tr	I	They 'll hang themselves and give people enough rope .
tr	O	When Dan Jansen saw the woman get to her feet his gaze lifted with her and he caught his breath when her beautiful blue gaze meet his .
tr	I	I felt a trickle of sweat run down my back , and the room was far too warm for my taste .
tr	I	I never let it be your fault , but giving birth to you wrecked me .
tr	O	Something brought the tears to my eyes but I couldn 't promise it was that .
tr	I	He blinked , his eyes coming to rest on her face , and Jason 's head rocked backwards .
tr	I	The heavenly fire still burns within you , and your body is spent .
tr	O	Kiara checked her phone , but the call was not disconnected .
tr	I	They were concepts I was definitely avoiding , but Arch nemeses may have been an exaggeration .
tr	O	My mom , Grace , was there , and I told her what I 'd seen .
tr	I	She didn 't hear , but Jack continued speaking .
tr	I	They really don 't like spicy stuff , but it can be hard to dissuade a zombie from trying to gnaw on you .
tr	I	I didn 't know what real love was , and I thought she liked all the same things I did .
tr	I	The sheriff held the door for her and she turned to walk out .
tr	O	His neck wasn 't slit , and it appeared that he 'd been eaten by the zombies before turning .
tr	I	Her filly foal followed and she went in easily .
tr	O	The light filtering through the doors seemed like some kind of salvation , and I hurried toward it .
tr	O	We discussed the details for a while longer , but Max ultimately gave the go-ahead for mid day tomorrow .
tr	I	I am worried and I 'm going out soon .
tr	I	His scowl wards off any further greetings from those who pass us , and he storms down the street .
tr	I	It was better than nothing , but that wasn 't much to go on .
tr	O	At night the wind blows their fires out and they huddle together in the rain .
tr	I	Everything was quiet for a few seconds and the engine turned off .
tr	I	Then I figured there was no reason to know this stuff anyway , but for a moment I felt stupid .
tr	I	He thrust hard into her in response and her h * ps arched against him .
tr	O	I spotted a few familiar faces in the crowd , but at the sight of me , they turned their heads .
tr	I	There was nothing more to be done now , but he would not know the extent of his injury until the morning .
tr	I	It doesn 't usually result in anything , but you guys might have sex in public .
tr	I	When the woman nodded , she slid it back into her pocket with a shrug , and Nicole asked .
tr	O	He reached out a hand for her and she forgot all about her bag as she moved toward him .
tr	I	If that didn 't do the trick she 'd revert to good old blackmail , and soon bargaining would follow .
tr	I	Its structural integrity remained perfectly intact , and no parts of the moon were hurled into space .
tr	O	Only a few were allowed into the village and those that had the privilege were heavily detected .
tr	O	I clicked as many photos as I could get in quick succession , and then I dropped the phone to the ground .
tr	O	No matter what I do , he will never be satisfied and I guess that it 's something that I will just have to deal with .
tr	I	When Demetrius spoke of their actions , the atrocity of their deeds made Elizabeth sick to her stomach , but there was no changing the past .
tr	I	His face becomes pained and he looks to the door .
tr	I	The zoo had been an eye opener and there was so much more out there .
tr	O	Eddie was in it too , and he practically ran me down when he saw me .
tr	I	A cruise ship could be seen in the distance and the sands had a pink hue .
tr	O	Hours passed and it was about midday when we got news .
tr	I	In this case either choice feels selfish , but usually I would try to decide what the most selfless choice would be .
tr	O	His face was twisted with menace and he bared his fangs , sneering .
tr	O	Ma said that happened sometimes after particularly harsh events and I couldn 't imagine anything worse than her dying .
tr	I	She got on the phone , but she didn 't like it .
tr	O	However her sad eyes grew in sorrow , and I didn 't want anyone to feel sorry for me .
tr	I	Her eyes widened and my mother froze .
tr	I	No words emerged but she opened her mouth to speak .
tr	O	He couldn 't believe it when she slammed the door shut and he could hear her throwing up .
tr	O	Motown was dying if not already in the grave , but Detroit was still the place you went to record jazz .
tr	O	Andrew joined them one day and Anna was beginning to relax .
tr	O	You are so wrong , and he is so guilty .
tr	O	Carla disconnected at her end , and Anne did the same then put the receiver down so that she could make herself a cup of herbal tea .
tr	I	Ashley 's eyes fell on me and a vampire guard towered over me .
tr	O	Instinctively she shifted out from him , but his leg stopped her sudden movement .
tr	O	Claire just wasn 't sure what it did hold , and she didn 't open it to find out .
tr	O	He said a party was happening and we 'd have a good time .
tr	O	My companions were still human weaklings underneath it all , but at least they wouldn 't stick out like ticks on an albino .
tr	I	The words made no sense , but he attempted to speak .
tr	I	The city will destroy us , or I can 't fight him out .
tr	I	He was eighteen and his name was Seth .
tr	O	Allowing Drake into her bed might not have been considered a gross mistake , but it had not been her best decision either .
tr	O	A cool set of arms around me causes the image to dissipate and Andrew 's soft voice is at my ear .
tr	I	This was okay but I preferred to have her alone .
tr	I	He hoped his struggle added realism to the lies and the words came out in jagged pieces .
tr	O	I imagined Joseph was here , but he was standing back from me , waiting .
tr	O	The con had started to spiral out of control , but Jamie was sure something could still be salvaged .
tr	I	Right now , she had other worries , but she wasn 't sure how he 'd done it .
tr	O	She laughed softly , but Dimitri could tell she knew he was serious .
tr	I	It 's not going to get better and she is going to become very ill .
tr	O	She hadn 't remembered mentioning him , and just hearing his name sent a feverish heat through her body .
tr	O	He knew what she would do , and slowly , she started to know , too .
tr	O	* * * * * In the bedroom , Colin lifted Sibyl up in his arms and he kissed her as he walked toward the bed .
tr	O	It may be a futile hope but I need to know , at least to ask them to give me samples to test .
tr	O	I went to the Georgetown Medical Center , and they said there 's nobody registered by that name .
tr	I	You have destroyed that and I 've always trusted you as no other .
tr	O	I have other heirs , but he will have none .
tr	I	Her body looked like it was blue and there was blood on her pillow .
tr	I	His target area was larger , making this shot considerably easier than the previous , and the vampire was only just raising himself from the ground .
tr	O	You already know too much about me , and I know next to nothing about you .
tr	O	It lightened up the mood a bit but I was still dazed .
tr	I	She rushes to me , and I pat my leg .
tr	O	The fireplace had a nice fire going and I could smell the scent of burning wood .
tr	O	I wanted it away from me , and then it did so .
tr	I	It was better to get along with her if he could ... but true , they weren 't friends .
tr	O	Richard clutched his pulse rifle as unseen nocturnal animals , and faint unidentifiable sounds played tricks on his weary mind .
tr	O	The restaurant was a bit expensive to Doo Ri , but Leo didn 't seem to notice , at all .
tr	O	Dean still hasn 't headed home , but Lila did the morning after the race .
tr	O	I knew the image was a hologram , but it seemed real enough to walk into .
tr	O	He has to go back to the house now , and I 'm the only one who can take him .
tr	O	His fingers dug into the soft flesh of her arms and his mouth tightened into a grim line .
tr	I	I cannot turn away , but I should leave now while there is no chance of being discovered .
tr	O	I felt my phone vibrating as I spoke , and I pulled it out quickly with a frown .
tr	O	Its dyes had faded , but it remained a dramatic piece of American history , the flag that inspired the national anthem .
tr	I	It took a moment for her to catch her breath , and she turned just in time to see Adriane step through her doorway .
tr	O	My jaw ticked as she approached , and I kind of wanted to lash out at her for having the ability to make me this uncomfortable .
tr	I	It wasn 't closing yet , but he should 've been able to regenerate from the bite instantly .
tr	O	I tugged on Jericho 's arm and he escorted me to our table .
tr	O	I am silent now , my confusion growing by the second , but I know that Adrian isn 't going to enlighten me .
tr	O	His hands started moving down my thigh and his lips pulled away until only his tongue remained , licking the twin holes until the bleeding stopped .
tr	I	Something resisted him , pressing him gently back into place , but he tried to move .
tr	O	The men were still unconscious in the hallway , and we hit the elevator on the right .
tr	I	I saw it in his eyes , and he looked at me while he struggled with the Inquisitor .
tr	I	I 'd still been a little woozy , but I should 've paid more attention when Vlad carried me here last night .
tr	I	She didn 't scare me either , but she wasn 't friendly like Ula .
tr	I	I was about to turn back to myself when I caught movement a little way down the street and the SUVs were driving through the front gate .
tr	O	I adore you , and I want a home .
tr	I	Neither reacted , but she shook her head .
tr	I	Owen never complained once but it was a romantic comedy .
tr	I	Then she would accept that we were over , and she said that she had one last thing to talk to me about .
tr	I	I am your master , but you are my creator .
tr	O	Rene asked to see me before Merrill ushered me out of his home after nightfall , but I refused .
tr	O	My mom lived in Flint , and we didn 't get along .
tr	I	He makes me happy , and he stays .
tr	I	I didn 't , but I wanted to look back again just to make sure I had seen him correctly .
tr	I	The rest continued up but many were cut down .
tr	I	She didn 't stop , but her throat became sore .
tr	I	I would have gone with him to help and it would only have taken him ten minutes .
tr	O	It made me feel dirty all over , and I wished I could run away .
tr	O	He comes back to her , and he 's been so hungry with the missing of her that he tries to swallow her whole .
tr	I	Three rifle barrels butted against his chest , but Gray lunged forward .
tr	O	Liam winked at me and I grinned back at him , grateful that he was changing the subject .
tr	O	Something else is speaking , and it is far smarter .
tr	O	Her cheeks heated and she had to force herself to breathe .
tr	O	He sounded so innocent or at least he tried .
tr	O	She betrayed me in the worst way and I 'll never forget it .
tr	O	He had her and he knew it .
tr	O	Ryan Hendricks was a health nut and he treated his body like a temple .
tr	I	Her euphoria faded a little and she looked up at him .
tr	I	The room around me began to blur like it had in the dream and I was spiraling quickly .
tr	I	Yet it burned , and it was dark .
tr	O	His horse flicked a sassy tail and she shook her head in disbelief .
tr	I	Ethan just scowled , but ' Sounds fun , ' I murmured .
tr	O	She sighed as my hand found her wet folds and I slipped a finger inside .
tr	I	We were getting lost in our performance and by ten thirty the crowd was big .
tr	I	Spirits may be kindled , and barriers may be broken .
tr	O	Nothing happened , but it could 've .
tr	I	My mother had taken everyone else inside and the fire department had just pulled away .
tr	I	If he 's truly gone , then what 's the point in bringing him up , but a small part of me wonders about him ?
tr	I	I 'm worried about how he 's going to react to it , but I know what I have to say .
tr	O	So far so good , he said , but he looked exhausted .
tr	O	He smiled , and she chuckled .
tr	O	Apparently she exposed her abilities and they swooped in .
tr	O	Inside was very little , but he was a bachelor , so what would anyone expect .
tr	O	A damned soul from within the wall screamed as Father and I barely blinked .
tr	I	The creature remained motionless and a few minutes passed .
tr	I	A tall brick wall painted with graffiti waiting for me but the alley came to an abrupt end , nothing .
tr	I	They weren 't keen on letting her out -- and she felt like she was standing in front of a prison parole board .
tr	O	When I was seventeen everything changed , and I kept it all to myself .
tr	I	He isn 't a man another man would ever want to cross , but he 's loyal to a fault .
tr	I	The world whirls around me , and I stagger to my feet .
tr	O	Sam was still calling out to him , but the ensemble of patients was now taking her round the corner into a different corridor .
tr	O	The lion 's breathing had quickened and his heart rate was picking up .
tr	O	The drive-through window slid open and a woman looked at me .
tr	I	I 'm telling the truth , but I know that sounds like I 'm giving you a line .
tr	I	It also sent a message , but it was an affectionate gesture .
tr	O	Julia nodded and the woman touched it lightly .
tr	O	Cartilage broke on contact , and blood poured onto his shirt , his plate .
tr	I	I couldn 't shake the feeling I was on to something , but the holes in my theory deflated my enthusiasm .
tr	O	I noticed the curious glances of patrons near us and I didn 't want to draw any more attention towards us .
tr	O	She kisses him on his forehead and he stirs .
tr	O	His story was the most unique she had ever heard and if awards could be presented , he 'd surely take the grand prize .
tr	I	I manage to swallow the tears away , but the mention of my mom nearly brings me to tears .
tr	O	I was half tempted to run with it , but I couldn 't .
tr	O	He felt that his epiphany may be ridiculed , and it would probably be for the best if he left this insight unspoken for now .
tr	I	I think it came out pretty good , but I had to improvise on the salad a little bit .
tr	I	We were sisters of the heart , but we may be cousins by blood .
tr	I	It wasn 't making it any easier , and today I knew exactly where the creepy feelings came from .
tr	I	It had taken me dying for me to convert , but Evergreen had tried for two years to make me one .
tr	O	I did not fully understand why my slippers had begun to glow , but my guess is that you had sent me a message of hope .
tr	O	I knew it was just excitement getting her all worked up , but it still worried me enough to where I couldn 't clear my head .
tr	O	I think whoever did it is on our side , but I wouldn 't want to swear to it .
tr	I	They weren 't doing too badly , but there were more Assassins then they had anticipated .
tr	O	His eyes watched hers and he shook his head .
tr	O	Her short purple skirt was flared and she wore a black leather bustier with three large silver buckles on the front .
tr	O	Sean waking her abruptly had sent the nightmare fleeing , but Andrea couldn 't stop shivering , even though her skin was clammy with sweat .
tr	O	Then he smiled , and it felt good .
tr	I	My brain wasn 't functioning well enough to come up with something more clever , but I sounded so boring to myself .
tr	I	The cars parked in the driveways were not exactly cheap , and all of them had expensive houses .
tr	O	My vision blurred as I realized what he said , but I could not let myself make the tears fall .
tr	I	Loyalty demanded he do so , but Sam nodded his head , reluctant to continue .
tr	I	I knew that grin , and Cameron 's grin changed .
tr	O	He will make attempt on your life , and without my help , he may succeed .
tr	O	There had been something eerily pleasant about it , but the incident had also been really , really terrifying .
tr	O	Normally even his great weapon was incapable of killing an Immortal , but this was a Three Moons ' Night .
tr	O	They seem like the perfect family but I don 't believe in perfection .
tr	I	I cursed choosing them because they refused to move at the same pace as my pulse and my hands fell to my liquid leggings .
tr	O	There were too many of their enemy and already many savages had gained the closer shoreline .
tr	O	I was ten when my home town got overrun and we came here , so I remember what it used to be like .
tr	O	She might have an uncanny new inner strength , but her dull mental processing could use some sharpening .
tr	O	I love you Shawn , but we have just known each other eight months .
tr	O	At least the Empress 's manifest was safely locked away now , and all that remained to be handled was the American spy .
tr	O	The fire had gone out and a creature was standing in the center .
tr	O	He laughed a little , but there was no warmth in the sound .
tr	O	I should have run out of my own office , but I didn 't .
tr	I	She 'd left him anyway , but he 'd saved her once .
tr	I	Her words pull me back , but I 've been casting an eye around , looking for places to shoot later .
tr	I	She 'd fainted , and I 'd gotten carried away .
tr	I	She refused , but she was asked out by her co-workers often on Friday nights .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I tried to argue with her .
tr	I	They keep wandering to my boobs but he is trying to keep his eyes trained on mine .
tr	I	He seemed a little sad , but An ' the little boy was as fair as a mornin ' sunrise .
tr	O	His eyes were deep blue , but the shadows under them were purple in the grey light .
tr	O	It was their dart night and despite his wife 's worry about the methane leak , he wasn 't going to miss darts night .
tr	O	He stepped aside and the other scientists bowed toward her slightly .
tr	O	Bonnie 's heart leaped into her throat , and she felt her cheeks flush .
tr	O	I 'm around five foot sex , and Sam tops me by maybe three inches .
tr	I	Sleep eluded me and I was awake .
tr	I	He had nothing at all to take to the Standing Committee , and Niu 's cooperation with the Americans would be impossible .
tr	I	Max made himself a White Russian , and I had a glass of wine .
tr	O	He 'd managed because he knew there was something special about her , and he didn 't want to do anything to endanger their budding relationship .
tr	O	It 's clear she 's said something , but the words are lost to history .
tr	O	I was starting to doubt myself a bit with the questions but I stuck to my guns .
tr	O	There was something in his eyes that reminded me of panic , but it was more subdued .
tr	I	The prosecution never called him to the stand , but Greg was on the list to testify against her .
tr	O	The pain is gone by just his third thrust , and pleasure begins to course through my veins .
tr	I	A whole lot disturbed to hear him say that , and I gasped , sickened , saddened .
tr	I	Alice could not help feeling that a wall seemed to have risen between them , and Arlen had barely spoken since it happened .
tr	O	I was faster than he had given me credit for and I caught him off guard , knocking him once again off his feet .
tr	O	I thought about arguing , but I couldn 't deny my exhaustion .
tr	I	She just shrugged , but I looked at Willow .
tr	O	Her beauty was excessive just like mama 's own , but she was a bit less beautiful than mama was .
tr	O	Her head arched back in anguish , and a long howl escaped her lips .
tr	I	He ignored it , but Minho was terrified .
tr	O	She had nothing to say , and they mercifully left her alone .
tr	I	I thought I could keep you safe on my own , but I knew it wasn 't random violence .
tr	I	It only made Connie feel worse and attempting to lighten up the situation with humor didn 't work , since Olivia didn 't understand .
tr	O	If you hear no further word , the worst has happened and I 've gone after her .
tr	O	It took me a moment to get the dirty joke , but when it hit me , I smacked his chest .
tr	O	The sensation was disorienting , exactly like falling headfirst toward the ground , and the spikes came rapidly nearer .
tr	I	The urgency of the moment prevented smiling , but he would have smiled at their silliness .
tr	I	She had agreed to rent it to me and one of the actresses in Jackpot kept a small apartment in Beverly Hills .
tr	I	I wonder if he 's married , and it 's on his ring finger , too .
tr	I	It was Joan who answered but the three looked at each other .
tr	I	She was smiling and Maggie had finally stopped crying .
tr	O	He was less than a foot away from her and Laci had to lean her head back to look up at him .
tr	O	There was a slight downward slope to the ground but for the most part it was flat .
tr	I	A ray of light seeping through one of the floorboards but when I bend down I discover that it is not paper after all .
tr	I	I ran out the door after her , but I couldn 't explain what came over me .
tr	O	He was a charming fellow , but it was clear that he had run on hard times .
tr	I	She forced a brave smile , but tears pricked Sarah 's eyes .
tr	I	Time was short and the priest was all he had to work with .
tr	O	His eyes narrowed and he looked displeased .
tr	O	The shrieking from the courtyard was getting louder , but another noise overwhelmed the awful sounds below .
tr	I	Then Will is fighting back , and Elliott 's fist connects once .
tr	I	He stepped off , still kissing me , as he strode to his beautiful bed and the elevator stopped .
tr	I	I wasn 't planning on you getting shot in the process , but it worked surprisingly well .
tr	O	I look at the cards in my hand and I force back a grin .
tr	I	He couldn 't deny he was glad to see her after the weekend apart , but she was a damn pushy woman .
tr	O	A scream rent the air , and John could be seen as he jerked in the sudden agony .
tr	O	That guy hadn 't lied about bringing me down to the Third Precinct , but he deceived me about everything else .
tr	I	That wouldn 't bother anyone here , but maybe their haircuts weren 't cutting edge .
tr	O	He smiled and his sensuous mouth widened as his eyes continued to hold hers .
tr	O	She was trouble and I didn 't want Bryn to see what Kallie is capable of because it wasn 't for the faint of heart .
tr	O	I saw some cylinders but they all looked empty .
tr	I	I forced myself not to cringe from her scrutiny and her eyes flitted over me from head to toe .
tr	O	Cole was thankful that he could keep an eye on things from the rearview mirror , and he noticed Savannah catching his gaze more than once .
tr	I	Everyone ended up singing and on the road the mood lightened .
tr	O	Gabe knew he was stupid to press the issue , but he was probably never going to hear the end of Hannah , anyway .
tr	O	He always travelled with an entourage of other teachers and I hadn 't ever seen a student approach him .
tr	I	I did not know why , and I 'd angered them .
tr	O	Maybe more of a junk yard , but I wasn 't going to harp .
tr	I	Her knee goes still , and she finally looks at me .
tr	O	His teeth were gritting , and his jaw was clenched .
tr	I	The hardness around his mouth is slowly starting to soften , but Dax looks like he wants to strangle me .
tr	I	She began to speak and at last he heard her laugh slightly .
tr	I	His breathing deepened and his eyes darkened .
tr	O	Oskar pulled a chair out for him and Franz sat down .
tr	O	The other girls started giving me looks , but I didn 't really care .
tr	O	Ansonia 's face looked as scared as before , but it was Jasmine 's that truly alarmed me .
tr	I	If so , gossip would spread all over the place , and she was worried that Cassie might 've talked you into doing something like that .
tr	I	That didn 't explain why he was here , but he was definitely under a compulsion .
tr	I	No one else seemed bothered , but my hackles slightly rose .
tr	O	He couldn 't see her face anymore but he enjoyed the view of her backside just as much .
tr	O	I didn 't know what to say to that , but I did push back my black hair .
tr	I	I found myself completely unnerved , but it was only a cat that had run across the road .
tr	I	Her heart bled for him , and Maddie knew exactly how that felt .
tr	I	We are in our positions , and the line comes to a halt .
tr	O	Dylan didn 't want to be reminded of that , and he didn 't want to be questioned about his decision .
tr	O	They tried to coax him back to himself , to bring him home , but after what felt like generations , they stopped coming .
tr	I	He greatly anticipated the returning cold of winter and Summer was dwindling .
tr	I	I couldn 't resist , but I wasn 't sure if I should be talking to Brandon like this .
tr	O	Nate kept me from leaving last night , but I 'm just about ready to go .
tr	O	They were created to be friends to us and when they have done their job , they 're called home .
tr	I	I read the cards for her and we went into the other room .
tr	I	I can 't help it , but I know I shouldn 't say it .
tr	I	Sleep was too far away , but he wanted to shut out the thoughts swirling through his head .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell where but it was coming from somewhere .
tr	I	I 've never heard his voice so excited , and he had a huge smile on his face .
tr	O	His signature wasn 't on anything and the people that had been making the shots were primarily executives that worked under him .
tr	I	It took a few minutes for their eyes to adjust to the lack of light , and it was dark inside .
tr	I	Set off in the direction she had waved to , and I say thank you quietly to the woman , not wishing to disturb her again .
tr	I	The autopilot slammed on the breaks , and ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ The cruiser rounded a curve .
tr	I	He was miserable all summer , and you broke Link 's heart .
tr	I	We weren 't any closer to stopping the true threat , and my dad had been right .
tr	I	He 'd enjoy it , and he 'd prosecute me .
tr	I	You 'll have to suck it up , since fuss over you I will , but you evidently find being fussed over an alien concept .
tr	I	I already felt closer to her than anyone in my life and I had only known her a few hours .
tr	I	The way April holds herself , no one would think she is from anywhere but the city , but her dress is a dirty , torn mess .
tr	O	Trees had died to make these forms , and that seemed a great pity to me .
tr	I	As Gloria 's shoulders shook beneath her arms , she felt a renewed determination , but Jane wasn 't prepared for the embrace that accompanied those words .
tr	O	I 'm not proud of it , but I can 't undo my past .
tr	O	Normally we didn 't kill because killing draws attention , and we didn 't need to kill to survive .
tr	O	As we talked , he looked into my eyes as if I was the only girl at the party , and he grinned at all my jokes .
tr	O	Daemon 's hand tightened on mine , and he pulled me against his side .
tr	O	The passion flared again , and Sabine forgot about warnings .
tr	I	It was different to actually hear it but I already knew that he was gone .
tr	I	I ached to feel her beneath me , and she shuddered .
tr	O	I clarify but she only nods her head .
tr	O	Her shirt is torn to reveal one breast , and she lights me on fire as she tells me everything will be okay .
tr	I	Really he is great man , but I am sorry for spit .
tr	I	Already she had a following and she 'd been in Beaufort for little over 48 hours .
tr	O	I gave a loud snort at this , and Thomas smiled .
tr	I	Then again , he was three-quarters rocker , but not the usual kind of rip for an Incubus .
tr	I	It 's actually really cute , and it was rented furnished .
tr	I	She 'd come back with three brand-new accounts and it 'd been her turn the day before .
tr	O	I 've been tracking down the origin of the poison , and I 've traced it to a factory here in Hawaii .
tr	O	Dust balls clung to every corner , and cobwebs hung from the antique crystal chandeliers .
tr	O	Not that he expected to find anything familiar , but even the mind had landmarks .
tr	O	I wasn 't expecting visitors , but it was more than likely Maria , returning from town .
tr	I	You don 't keep track of human deaths , and she was only human .
tr	I	She looks younger by far and she 's a bit younger than Daddy .
tr	O	The brilliant emerald was broken only by the occasional jut of rock , and its beauty astounded me .
tr	I	He sat here on the end and Bickel was in number-one spot , then Prue , then Flattery - .
tr	O	Something lurched in my stomach and I raced for the marble balcony off the back of the mansion .
tr	O	The force of her kick propelled me backwards , but I didn 't try to stop my landing .
tr	I	His hand on her neck held her securely down , but she pressed her hands to the carpet to gain some leverage .
tr	I	He had to - Temptation , and the temptation was too much .
tr	O	He 'd paid Clara well for her services , but the look he saw on her face made him wonder if she now expected a large bonus .
tr	O	He picked it up and the weight was familiar .
tr	O	The words drifted through her head and she relaxed .
tr	I	The floor was thumping and the music was blaring .
tr	O	His eyes got big and he shook his head .
tr	O	It 's too soon , and they 're not organized .
tr	O	His reasoning told him to dismiss , but his gut told him to journey .
tr	O	He could say al he wanted about these enemies being our reason for caution , but I was sure there was more to it than that .
tr	O	There 's such a life ahead of us and I 'm impatient to meet it .
tr	O	I nodded , and then a suffocating feeling washed over me .
tr	I	Jeff Smith had been an unsuspecting sacrifice , and the vampire had known they would come .
tr	I	Her mouth turned upward into a smile , and when I pulled away , her eyes opened slowly .
tr	O	She shook her head , trying to clear it , but the pain radiating through her skull made it difficult to think .
tr	I	Ash gave me a reassuring smile , and I shrank back against the trunk .
tr	O	Kun smiled , and Boko felt as though he was a child again .
tr	O	I didn 't see Michael , but I did see Amber .
tr	I	Most people believed it was only a matter of time , but it hadn 't happened yet .
tr	O	It wasn 't the complete truth , but Neil didn 't know how to put his remaining reservations into words .
tr	I	They were arresting them because they used magic in self-defense , but Rif had possibly killed Big Darius .
tr	O	Tears start to blur my vision , but I won 't let them fall .
tr	O	The world beneath Tony tilted and he shook his head to clear it , preparing to deliver a crushing rebuttal .
tr	O	The rest of this day would be free time , and they 'd head out to the ' dig site ' early the next day tomorrow .
tr	O	I tried to get a picture from the door , but it ran off before I had the chance .
tr	O	He had no choice now but to follow where she led .
tr	O	I didn 't think she 'd break the ropes , but I 'd underestimated people before .
tr	O	Zoey ran to the spot , but they were gone .
tr	O	She 'd stopped coming by for tea in the mornings and I knew why .
tr	O	One led me out , and three followed behind me .
tr	O	That was a little deflating to his ego , but Josh thought it could only help .
tr	O	Sir Reginald was in London and I went to see him , that night , during the trial .
tr	I	They stayed put with a satisfying click and he folded the wings of the bow back .
tr	I	He shoulders the bulky bag easily , and she pretends to struggle with it .
tr	O	As she swung it , the black patterns caught her eye and she lost her momentum .
tr	O	You tell me and I 'll do it .
tr	I	The fabric ripped across her left shoulder and the buttons popped .
tr	I	She threw her arms around my neck and a sob broke free from her chest .
tr	I	I sat down while he pushed it back in and Marcus pulled out a chair for me .
tr	O	She swiped her finger across the top and the lights went away .
tr	O	The car was a mess and it clearly was not going anywhere in a hurry .
tr	O	She could do both within seconds , and both sides of him were incredibly appealing .
tr	O	Lewis went by Terri 's house to see her but she wasn 't there .
tr	I	It hung in pieces from the handles , and he 'd ripped apart my duffel bag .
tr	O	He asked her to trust him and she knew she did trust him .
tr	I	It left something out , but the answer was yes .
tr	O	I would have been happy to have him along , but I 'm happier to have Ryan all to myself .
tr	I	I shook my head and he grinned at me .
tr	I	You won 't , but once I get there , I 'll have some reasonable cover .
tr	O	The Statesman may be the most seen , but Dark Watcher is dangerous because no one seems to see him , until it is too late .
tr	O	She waited for nothing and she shed her clothes .
tr	I	Then she was gone , and she waved at me .
tr	I	He wasn 't using the crutches and he was able to put pressure on it .
tr	O	I tell him I 'm a shapeshifter and he doesn 't blink an eye .
tr	O	Her eyes settled on someone , and she scowled .
tr	O	The words made Sam snicker , and Mortimer noted the glare Grant turned on her as she peered around his arm .
tr	I	Instead , I did it , but he told me to send First Shipper Devyn .
tr	I	I do know it will happen but Truth is , I don 't know exactly how it will happen .
tr	I	The view of the ocean is stunning and this morning , the storm has cleared .
tr	I	Gibbons was gone and the phone clicked .
tr	O	Tonight they were eating at one of the best restaurants in town , but she could hardly concentrate on the excellent food she had been served .
tr	I	Everyone knows it and Emily 's his .
tr	I	It was magical , and they were together the whole night .
tr	I	He returned it and a smile jumped to her lips .
tr	I	Margaret especially was a rock , and his parents were very gracious .
tr	I	They 'd meet there several days a week and at least running the dance school should keep her occupied most of the time .
tr	I	Men are alert , and Guards are posted .
tr	O	I try to suck in air , but there 's nothing there to suck .
tr	I	Dark circles under her eyes marred her perfection , and she looked as if she 'd been crying .
tr	O	I put my ring on your finger and you became mine after years of torture .
tr	I	It didn 't come , but I prayed for the numb bliss of unconsciousness .
tr	I	The closest streetlights were likely kilometres away , and there were no city lights out here .
tr	O	He knew it would be hard on me but I told him it was fine .
tr	I	We 'd have a great time together , and tomorrow , I 'd have lunch with Preston .
tr	O	I hurl my snowball at him and it smacks into the side of his face .
tr	O	It seemed like such an inadequate thing to say but she had no other words for him .
tr	O	She picked up the pack and slung it across her shoulder .
tr	I	The pain had been overwhelming , and she had almost lost Jason today .
tr	O	I didn 't want to admit it , but I thought Wanda was right .
tr	O	I tell him that and he gets all embarrassed .
tr	I	The offer was nice , but I wasn 't hungry .
tr	O	It felt surreal , and I just stared at him dumbly for a few long moments .
tr	I	Through the thick tights she wore under her mini and the bite of November wind ripped up her skirt .
tr	I	Sibyl 's eyes sent icicles shafting toward her mother and Colin cursed eloquently under his breath .
tr	O	I expected him to put me down , but no , he held me tight against him .
tr	O	I face him and steel myself .
tr	O	they whispered , and Pandora turned to look at them .
tr	O	I wanted to call out to them , but I knew I couldn 't .
tr	I	I knew she was speaking the truth , but I could feel her hurt .
tr	I	The black man eyed me with a new curiosity , and the kid 's energy level lifted .
tr	I	He 'll be back any moment , but he isn 't here .
tr	I	Emily wondered what had really been the point of the evening and Tom didn 't say much on the ride back .
tr	I	They walked into the building together and he opened the door for her , then took her hand .
tr	I	I see my face for the first time in over seven months , and my body fills in in the mirror .
tr	I	My gut is telling me something is going on , but you could be right , maybe its kids .
tr	I	Abby gave a sigh as if deep down she knew it , and Joe Solomon wasn 't going to be dared into doing anything .
tr	I	This was never going to work between us or I raised an eyebrow , knowing I had to put my foot down now .
tr	O	This conversation was making me very uncomfortable , and I wanted it to stop .
tr	O	We hear strange noises in the gloom , like other ships are about , but they don 't answer our hail .
tr	I	I still hadn 't found anyone and two hours went by so fast .
tr	O	Maybe one day he 'd want to let me in , but for the meantime , I had to respect his wishes .
tr	I	She stayed conscious , but Kira thought she 'd pass out from the pain , which would have been a welcome respite .
tr	I	Her breathing evened out as he stroked her back , and she made a disgruntled noise as he jostled her , then relaxed again .
tr	I	His blood began to cool , and the pain began to recede .
tr	I	It was just something that I had never seen before , but I tried my best not to stare at the non-Western clothing .
tr	I	Dream Vacations was my future , but Logan had the better body .
tr	O	The demon disappeared and the road erupted into action .
tr	O	When you are inexperienced in these things , you never know what is what but I hoped it would lead to something great .
tr	I	I become someone to eliminate and add a few more hundred .
tr	O	You 'll have to forgive me but I 'm not sure how much any of you know .
tr	O	The physician turned and the father was forced to cleave his skull with the boy 's crutch .
tr	I	I 'll feel better knowing you have it , but I know you don 't really need luck .
tr	I	Some other time was , but some other place might not be an option .
tr	O	A few months earlier , I would have been shocked by his tardiness , but I was growing used to it .
tr	I	It was long enough for Dufresne to quickly strap his hands behind his back with plastic binders , but the bag disoriented him for only a second .
tr	O	I 'm scared he might be home and I 'm scared I might see him .
tr	I	My mind raced , but my head pounded .
tr	O	She said and I could feel the rise of her cheek against my chest as she smiled .
tr	O	A small tell , but a tell nonetheless in this verbal game we were playing .
tr	I	You take whatever advantage of it you can and the power of the government is insidious .
tr	I	I can only imagine it 's because Aedan placed compulsion , and Adele , his mother , is already in another relationship .
tr	I	He was going to get well and Sam was going to listen to her .
tr	I	Knives had glinted and guns had flashed .
tr	O	She let my hand go and I raised it toward him as he shouted .
tr	O	This place was like a ghost town , and no one 's here except for us .
tr	O	My head came up and I met the leader 's gaze .
tr	O	It was clear to see who it was that held the real power at The Shade , and it definitely wasn 't Derek 's father .
tr	I	She was terrified and Sweat dripped down her back .
tr	O	He opens both doors , and I ease over for a chat .
tr	O	I jump a little , but he doesn 't .
tr	I	She returned to the bedroom and when the faintest hint of light began to brush the horizon , they kissed good night .
tr	I	We 're both terrified , and Soleil comes over .
tr	I	She hardly noticed , but it was raining .
tr	O	Jace staggered back , but he was unharmed .
tr	O	Talons thrashed and teeth gnawed at the hunter .
tr	I	Elena could finally go home and it 's been two hours since the rain stopped .
tr	I	She wasn 't unattractive either , but she wasn 't overly attractive .
tr	I	There was an edge to it I 'd never heard before , but her voice was brisk .
tr	O	Realization dawned , and I nodded .
tr	O	She understood only that he was issuing commands and she didn 't like that at all .
tr	I	He couldn 't save me anymore , and his life had revolved around saving my life for three whole years .
tr	O	I 'm having a hard time keeping my eyes open and I fall back into the bushes , landing in the moist dirt on my back .
tr	O	She suddenly turned somewhat pale but she managed to conceal it .
tr	I	This was as fast as they could throw lightning down upon us , and one white-hot bolt after another , as if the clouds were screaming .
tr	O	He should have been in a burning hell , but instead he was filled with joy .
tr	I	Since Callie 's wedding in Newport she 'd loved the idea of one outside , but at one time she 'd dreamed of a big church wedding .
tr	O	His eyes seemed to carry a scarlet gleam , and his face had gone sunken , the lines stretched tightly over it .
tr	O	She hadn 't hesitated to come in when she thought he needed her , and she 'd made his favorite breakfast .
tr	O	Get a bunch of them around a newspaper comic section and you might think you 're at a laugh fest .
tr	I	Just as it left my hand I saw Hailey hit the crack on the sidewalk and I threw the ball to Cooper .
tr	O	I guess he 's right , but I 'd still feel safer driving faster .
tr	I	He moved one hand to slide his fingers lightly over Ty 's lips , and the corner of Zane 's mouth curled up into a half-smile .
tr	I	Dan had a sense that he did not belong , but the Macey parlor was comfortable enough .
tr	O	I couldn 't hear what they were saying over the music , but I knew that there was no room for me in that conversation .
tr	I	His body convulsed against mine but I couldn 't take much .
tr	I	It could be worrying Chloe , but Max didn 't give a hoot how scandalous an affair between them might be .
tr	I	I was too scared to move even an inch , but my limbs felt numb .
tr	I	I suppose the coat might have been deceptive , but I thought it had been obvious right away .
tr	I	Then he stopped fighting , and when I said this he laughed .
tr	I	Beast stops me , but I start to tell the groom to saddle fresh horses .
tr	I	He used it to heal his shoulder and Fredrick had brought one when they had breakfast in the Hollow .
tr	I	She couldn 't remember the last time , but this wasn 't the first time Duncan had seen her cry .
tr	O	There are so many backyard pools and every year there are cases of young children drowning .
tr	I	She knew that would soon pass , but Mr. Ward had been stunned .
tr	I	His fingers were squeezing the bag handle , but Kevin 's voice didn 't give anything away .
tr	O	Her gaze was firm , but her voice was steel .
tr	O	They all seemed to be unresolved issues and they all had a name written on the top of the page in red .
tr	I	He knew Kristen well enough to know she could keep going no matter how long it took and Cody , however , was closing in .
tr	I	This was way out of my expertise , but I didn 't want to be rude .
tr	I	Then her expression changed from terrified to blank , but she opened her mouth , probably to scream .
tr	I	His dark black hair was just beginning to go gray at the edges , and he was tall with sort of rugged features .
tr	O	His world did not fit neatly with a mortal 's , and he could never turn his back on what he was .
tr	O	There was only one Sword still alive up there with her , and he was felled by the wave of zombies advancing .
tr	I	They didn 't think about them as prices kept creeping upward , but Americans complained about the higher prices .
tr	O	She stiffened at the touch of my cold fingers , and I smirked .
tr	I	Even so , I can tell she 's blushing furiously , but the girl 's face is almost entirely covered in shadows .
tr	O	Arthur looked at her with concern when she didn 't make the court , but she simply shrugged .
tr	I	I didn 't think it was quite right , but she picked a teal .
tr	O	Zo settled on the banana cream pie and Claire savored the New York cheesecake .
tr	O	I crossed my arms , and he stood up .
tr	I	He gave a series of guest lectures that everybody liked but he 's a Greek guy that wasn 't a professor .
tr	O	Her mouth melts over my earlobe , and I launch myself to the other side of the bed like a reflex .
tr	I	She thought she meant more to him than that , but she had no desire to ever get back together with him .
tr	I	I guess Gray found out about it and she had a car accident last night .
tr	I	Ethan stepped away from an open door , and they reached the end of a hallway .
tr	O	Her hands shook and she kept them away from the open door , eyes glued to the scene unfolding outside .
tr	O	Her friends had done their best to create something beautiful for her and it nearly moved her to tears .
tr	I	In my professional life , I had no time for extracurriculars , but I had signed up for the self-defense class .
tr	O	I don 't know why , but I told him not to relive his past mistakes .
tr	I	An uncomfortable silence fills the space between us and my mouth is agape .
tr	I	Merrick as well , but it all made so much sense now ... not just the girl child .
tr	I	With every ring , she grew more agitated and it rang four times .
tr	O	She doesn 't glance up , but the humming stops as the clicking of the metal needles continues .
tr	I	She smiles and she can see the hesitation in my face .
tr	I	Eleanor was always efficient , but he didn 't know how she had accomplished it in so short a time .
tr	I	She gripped my hand as I stood next to her and mom 's face fell .
tr	I	Then he hit himself on the jaw , and there was a distant look in his eyes for a moment .
tr	I	Eliot knew that the student admired him more than he deserved , but he was less than ten years younger than Eliot .
tr	I	I can hear a thread of uncertainty in his tone , but Weber 's voice is careful .
tr	O	We made our way back to the couch and she lay down with the water bottle again .
tr	I	He didn 't try to hide where his attention was , and as our eyes met , he didn 't look away .
tr	O	Lunchtime soon approached , but I had no appetite .
tr	I	I held fragments of it behind my closed eyes , but the dream was gone .
tr	I	She rolled it down slowly and I knocked on the window .
tr	I	As I did , I heard the gun drop from out of the back of my pants , but I went to back away from Rick .
tr	I	In mere seconds someone else had found another button , and the rectangular cliff wasn 't very large , though .
tr	I	He didn 't know if he could , but he wanted to take comfort in them .
tr	I	I 'm aware of their presence , but I 'm not allowed to approach the alien life .
tr	I	Claire resisted the urge to embrace him for his impeccable timing , and the waiter chose that moment to approach with his pad open .
tr	I	Maybe the time crunch was more important than autographs right now , but Neil thought maybe one would linger long enough to distract Riko .
tr	I	The sky was clear , and the night was warm .
tr	O	In some strange , unforgivable way I felt my grandmother 's discomfort with my Asian eyes and slinking jet black hair always on my shoulders .
tr	O	Maybe her father deserved that for pushing them together , but she didn 't think Buddy would be especially happy about it .
tr	I	I have no idea where I am , and I am stuck in this castle .
tr	O	The telephone rang , and Summer picked it up .
tr	O	Renton stressed that someone else was going to die , and the victim as well as the killer could be on the list .
tr	O	The phone rang again , but she didn 't answer .
tr	O	The conflicting emotions disturbed her but she shrugged into them as a winter visitor shrugs into a heavy coat .
tr	O	The man disappeared into one of the other rooms , but Daniel didn 't care to see what he was up to .
tr	O	He tried to use a spell but it falter .
tr	I	The corset underneath could not be laced tight at all , and the fastenings at the back gave her some trouble .
tr	I	She saw her face , and something clicked into place .
tr	O	She didn 't want to know more specifics , and she tried to move back into the house .
tr	I	I have questions for you , but I was told you 'd try to distract me .
tr	O	No one 's ever given me presents except Micha and I 'm not really a fan of getting them .
tr	O	She wouldn 't survive the transition if he tried to turn into a vampire , but he could make her a ghoul .
tr	I	He could tell she was crying , but she didn 't look back at him .
tr	O	This was too much for the technician , and he reached for the phone .
tr	I	I 'm sure they 're not coming from just the old lady , and I need to track down the psychic disturbances .
tr	I	She licked his hand , and he ruffled her fur gently .
tr	I	The Holy Ghost will arise in us and we shall love the Father as He does .
tr	O	A mischievous grin brightened his blue eyes , and we collapsed back into the bed .
tr	O	Having weather change a timeline on a job was nothing unusual for him , but usually there were tens of thousands of dollars in penalties at stake .
tr	I	I shuddered and the footsteps of my neighbors boomed against my ears .
tr	O	My palm brushed a wall , and I halted abruptly .
tr	I	You 're out of here , and just one more minute smiling .
tr	O	I heard running steps in the hallway , and a medical bag dropped near my head .
tr	I	It would be wrong to take it , but from the looks of her , the owner might not need the money as much as I did .
tr	O	I didn 't expect this thing between us , but I wanted it .
tr	I	You 're going to the performance at the Strand and you 're going to a nice dinner with Alex .
tr	O	Measurements were taken and material was chosen .
tr	I	Tammy was left mystified by what Fletcher wanted to win in the end and the photographer called out for them to oblige him with some action poses .
tr	I	She gritted her teeth , and Chase 's pace increased .
tr	I	He did fall , and this time he was solid .
tr	I	They 're close and they 're headlights .
tr	O	It wasn 't Wade , but the soldier was dead .
tr	I	He circled the base , gripping tight and his fingers bumped into his rigid flesh .
tr	O	Crack went her cue and she potted the ball .
tr	O	She blushed and her needles started moving again , though not as smoothly as before .
tr	O	Worry filled her and frustration gnawed on her insides .
tr	O	He is not far ahead of me , but he is fast .
tr	I	Dane starts separating the meat from the bones just like he did last night , and the lizards are cooked .
tr	O	I could feel the heat from his skin , but he still wasn 't close enough to touch .
tr	I	They are sending a much stronger version today , and she has contacted the pharmaceutical company that manufacturers the chemical .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to give him any slack , but I could see that the kid was getting edgy .
tr	I	He told me he was concerned about the man and they got into a thing a while back .
tr	I	I was sure that no matter how long I lived , no man would ever give me five thousand carnations again , but I had no idea .
tr	O	The joint exploded inside the giant 's body and he nearly toppled as he was pushed back again .
tr	O	His arms circled my waist , locking me against him , and I snuggled in deeper .
tr	I	Whatever it was , it was lovely , but she was one of those people who could have been just about any race .
tr	I	The vision has left me drained , and it 's so late .
tr	O	The transitions were quiet enough , but she covered her head to keep from hearing the muted conversations .
tr	O	The smile that usually made the corners of his eyes crinkle was gone and without it he looked fierce .
tr	I	If he didn 't live there it couldn 't be searched , and the warrant in his pocket was for the home of Edwin Murphy .
tr	I	I was not going to give it to her and she didn 't deserve one second of my time .
tr	I	Touching the stone wasn 't painful anymore , and the wall had cooled down under the rain .
tr	I	He doesn 't get a say in this , but I love him .
tr	I	I get lost in the light , but I let out a scream .
tr	I	Eve jerked her head away , but he moved to kiss her .
tr	O	Michael made no reply , but his beaming face seemed to answer for him .
tr	I	I took a step toward her without even realizing what I was doing and she stepped into the room completely .
tr	O	The difference between the two was that I couldn 't actually operate a road grader , and it would be years before I 'd be able to .
tr	O	I wanted to touch his hair , hold his hand , but I knew he wouldn 't let me .
tr	O	He hit play , and we waited in silence .
tr	O	The clock over the cabinets read much too early , and I was tempted to go crawl back in bed .
tr	I	Lumps of ceiling came crashing down , and then another explosion rocked the laboratory .
tr	O	I can feel the weight of his confession and it scares me .
tr	I	I was still nervous , but there didn 't seem to be anybody in sight .
tr	O	This surprised Ilya , but he had his orders .
tr	I	A job would be a Godsend in so many ways , but Autumn thought for a moment .
tr	I	The pressure eased , and I choked out .
tr	O	History has been preserved , but modern conveniences have been added .
tr	O	She broke away at the door and we couldn 't catch her .
tr	I	He seemed taken aback and the plastic bottle flexed in the man 's hand .
tr	I	I might never have seen her and the woman could have lived there for the past six years .
tr	I	He held on as long as he possibly could , but his lungs burned for oxygen .
tr	I	I watched Lilla for any sign of emotion , and my chin tilted to the side .
tr	O	None of the original furniture remained on-site , but I had some leads on the table .
tr	I	We all laughed and Kyle told us about their mom coming to forty-two of their shows .
tr	I	It was ready to wait until something changed , but the sense she got was that the wolf was not necessarily comfortable .
tr	I	She never told me his name , but she always told me this story .
tr	O	I don 't have to walk much now , and I don 't force him to run .
tr	I	I hastily dropped his hand , and a blush crept up my neck .
tr	O	I scamper after him , the panic audible in my voice but I don 't care .
tr	O	Her mouth stretched around his swollen girth and he pushed deep .
tr	O	Their mother was still sitting at the table , but their father was gone .
tr	O	I reach back , wincing as the graze pulls sharply , and hand Ryland the paper .
tr	I	I kept my mouth shut as he began eating , but it was not how I meant it .
tr	I	We stroll in the direction of the book store and she wraps her arm around my tiny waist .
tr	I	Pain from the impact prickles up my shins , and I land on a cement floor , hard .
tr	I	With Abe I almost have to , but I 'm not one to take risks .
tr	I	That means you only know the situations you 've actually experienced , and you had to go off your emotions .
tr	O	The coffee shop was reasonably crowded , but there were a few empty tables .
tr	I	Her silence affirmed her lack of caring and Nicole 's stiff back shut it all out .
tr	I	You would not speak to me but terah : Yes .
tr	O	The cell passed by and it was disintegrated by the ray of light .
tr	O	She pulled back closer to the present and the scene shifted to her driving safely again .
tr	O	I own it , but I have other people that manage it for me .
tr	O	I grabbed Alexander 's hand , and we headed toward the snow cones .
tr	I	Liza rolled her eyes and she let out an exaggerated sigh .
tr	O	The fire in his empty sockets dies away and eyes sprout to fill them .
tr	I	His erection was very apparent and there was so little fabric between us .
tr	I	Already my niece was behind the wheel more often than my sister and she hadn 't owned the car for more than a few weeks .
tr	O	The forest became less dense and Eli ordered them to stop .
tr	O	I looked up , and he was smiling .
tr	O	The man was an alien , but he was also in control of my bio grade .
tr	O	Riley felt a moment of trepidation , but she stood her ground .
tr	I	It 's already getting dark , but it 's only half three .
tr	I	He dug into his pocket for a handkerchief to wipe the sweat from his brow and Phillip 's face flushed red with mortification .
tr	O	The doors to the elevator opened and he escorted her into the car .
tr	I	The gunman did the same but Jeremy lunged forward toward it .
tr	O	I was merely human , and it was past my bedtime in Palm Springs .
tr	I	Daniel was now thankful for the assistance that he offered , and he had been standing close by with his family , watching the fireworks display .
tr	O	It was much earlier than usual when she drove to the marina , but she needed the distraction to take her mind off Robert .
tr	I	The driver claims to have no memory of it whatsoever , but witnesses claimed that the driver actually swerved to hit pedestrians .
tr	I	We started across and the light changed .
tr	I	I do not need to lick your fingers , but a lesser son of great sires am I .
tr	O	I know she 's hinting at me to draw her , but I won 't .
tr	O	His face relaxed , and his voice was calmer when he spoke .
tr	I	Her hands flew to his shoulders , her nails digging into his flesh and she closed her eyes .
tr	O	I know that my mother was pregnant several times after my birth , and always the baby came too early .
tr	I	His brows relaxed , and the edge eased from what was visible of his expression .
tr	I	All the blood rushed from my head , making the walls spin , and my knees knocked together .
tr	O	I didn 't have time to scream , but everything inside of me did as his heels came up .
tr	O	She can be as obnoxious to Ethan as the next person , but she 's learned the value of supporting those close to her .
tr	O	A puff of evening breeze tousled his hair , and Mary thought it looked as dry as straw .
tr	O	A few candles sat lifeless in a soft , golden glow of the gas lamps , and she struck a flame to light them .
tr	O	Peggy didn 't know , but she felt a need to reassure Hannah , even if it wasn 't the truth .
tr	O	Her hands went to his shirt and he bent his head , allowing her to slip it off .
tr	I	The wicked curve of his lips ruined the image , but he held up both hands in a gesture of surrender .
tr	I	The talk was for me as much as it was for him , but I was pretty sure he couldn 't hear me .
tr	I	Lina cupped his hair in her hand and Jaime stared at her blankly .
tr	O	Hades was seated at the back and he turned to catch my gaze .
tr	O	She hesitates and I can tell she is contemplating asking me more questions .
tr	O	If you wanted to take someone home you could , but again there was no pressure .
tr	O	He 'd been there for me even after the breakup , and I was more than thankful .
tr	O	The proprietor who lived on the first floor provided suggestions and soon they were dining in an intimate cafe two blocks away .
tr	O	She playfully throws it at me and it ends up hitting my face .
tr	I	Victor crumpled to the ground unconscious , and there was another resounding crack as his head hit the stone .
tr	I	I 'm sorry , and I don 't want to touch anything anymore .
tr	O	She licked her lips again and David jerked his eyes away before he gave in to the urge to taste her .
tr	I	Rusty swung at him , and Blake moved toward him .
tr	I	It was already too late , but she tried to dodge .
tr	O	It had taken her a while to identify it , but at last she had realized that she was lonely .
tr	O	The feel of Bree 's hand smoothing along my back startled me , and I flinched .
tr	I	I think he feels more comfortable in there , and that 's the warmest room in the house .
tr	O	Her habit slipped down on her forehead and she gave it a quick shove back .
tr	I	I was feeling a little dramatic after our weekend , but okay , maybe the metaphor was a little dramatic .
tr	O	Archer dropped his hand , and I felt something cool pressed into mine .
tr	I	Disposable for the greater good of making sure her organization wouldn 't be exposed , and he was hired muscle .
tr	O	The flowers are faded some , but everyday I admire them .
tr	O	I stared into his eyes , searching for an answer and he shook his head silently .
tr	I	He took no chances , but he saw no one tailing .
tr	O	Matt appeared beside me , not touching me but the act was meant to be supportive .
tr	O	Another voice came from the left of me , and I turned around to see who had spoken .
tr	I	I squeezed his hand and when it was over , Miles pressed my back lightly .
tr	O	He 'd held her , but her clothes had prevented him from knowing the texture of her skin .
tr	O	Mike smiled at her , but he continued playing his game , not saying anything .
tr	I	What poured through her fingers was liquid blue , but it felt like water .
tr	O	Maybe she had hung out with Sara too long , but it seemed evident that she didn 't fit in .
tr	O	She deliberately squirmed to let him know she was awake , and he rolled onto his back , exactly where she wanted him .
tr	I	He 's holding his hands out to the side to keep from touching me , and I 'm lying halfway across Pete .
tr	I	The noises began again and the tricycles were withdrawn .
tr	O	He 'd been with her earlier , but now he was gone .
tr	I	Those straps tie onto heavy metal chains , and there are leather straps around my wrists .
tr	O	Then she does , and she is Grace .
tr	O	We had a long talk with her doctors , and they 've recommended that we try her out at home for a while .
tr	O	Max sat back in his seat with a frown at her , and I tried to smooth down my messy hair .
tr	O	Kayla sat on the other side of the room and Haven started to make her way across the cafeteria .
tr	I	He felt reconnected , and Willow covered his hand with hers for a moment .
tr	O	The glove was a little loose on his hand , but it did not fit him badly .
tr	O	Prudence was in his life , and he was never letting her go .
tr	O	She said it for the benefit of the cameras , and the ever-present watching eyes .
tr	O	Have a small party beam down first and we will explain a few rules about our world to you .
tr	O	They hardly stood out against the stony creek bed but Robles was right-on close inspection the arrangement looked man-made .
tr	O	Some of them actually seem convinced , and I feel a flutter of hope .
tr	O	Soon they passed the halfway point , and Winston 's anxieties began to moderate .
tr	I	I could sense that his mind was racing , but Al 's face was still void of emotion .
tr	I	He pushes on my lower back so my body arches against him , and I stand on my tiptoes , hooking my arms around his neck .
tr	I	His voice turns soft and his eyes stare at my stomach .
tr	O	He continued , and I knew he was talking to keep me calm .
tr	I	Next to the cottages stood the entrance to the quarry , and there was a small clutter of cottages on its outskirts .
tr	O	she yelled , and the fear was plain in her voice .
tr	I	There was an IV in his right arm and his upper left arm was bandaged .
tr	I	We were sailing upstairs to my room and before I could move , he scooped me into his arms .
tr	O	Her eyes narrowed and she stood , hands on hips , glaring at him .
tr	I	It might be more dangerous than the murderer [ laughs ] and I 'm not very good with those things .
tr	I	For some reason I felt ancient , but I wasn 't that much older .
tr	O	There were the young men she met at social functions , but their conversation hadn 't gone much beyond vapid comments about the weather .
tr	O	It was the truth and I knew it .
tr	I	I should have it done within a week , and it is going to be easy to purify .
tr	I	Walls painted in Clay 's section of the fourth floor and Carpet was being laid .
tr	I	She starts to walk off and her eyes widen at this .
tr	I	She supposed it was all plausible , but this information was new to her .
tr	I	It didn 't take words to communicate to me that I was no longer welcome , but she didn 't say anything .
tr	I	It had come out into the middle of the street barking and by then the big German Shepard had spotted them .
tr	I	Her features seemed much more relaxed , and her breathing deepened as the magic flowed through her .
tr	I	Her voice shook as she gave the receptionist her name , and her legs quivered with each step as she accompanied him to the building .
tr	O	Grace stared down at the table and her voice fell to a whisper .
tr	O	I feel a tear coming out of my eye and I wipe it away .
tr	O	It was still warm but she didn 't notice .
tr	O	Preston showed him the image on the camera viewer , and then pointed out what he saw .
tr	I	He just might learn something , and at least there would be no harm in listening to what the girl had to say .
tr	I	She was going to get her chance to learn , but Shana hadn 't had much experience as an aunt .
tr	I	It 's even worse doing it in the neighborhood , but its bad enough we have to fight at all .
tr	I	The Alphas couldn 't have mankind knowing that demons were real and Hell 's lovelies no longer wanted to stay in the shadows .
tr	I	He started hissing at me and I gave him a push .
tr	I	I had left and I hadn 't been back there since my mom .
tr	O	His eyes flicked to hers , and she saw that his expression was almost angry .
tr	I	I have no name for it , but it sounds like something I 've heard .
tr	I	The determined gaze she remembered from when they were merely acquaintances and he stared at her with those perceptive eyes .
tr	O	She tried to nod , but even that simple action was beyond her .
tr	O	You 'll have some pretty strong dreams and when you wake up you 'll be on another plane .
tr	I	He answered on the first ring and his agent in Paris was calling .
tr	I	She held her place , but she thought to run after him .
tr	I	He decided being with Dahlia was well worth every unfamiliar emotion , but she twisted him up inside , something he 'd never experienced .
tr	O	He didn 't want to think about Katherine , but if he stopped , it would mean that she 'd be totally gone .
tr	O	Moonbeam had set off at a great pace back towards Home Meadow and Sunny had to run to catch her up .
tr	O	Some were cheering and a couple of girls were cryin ' .
tr	I	The King was obviously upset and the advisers to the side of the King began talking in his ear .
tr	I	For some reason he 's biting his lip , but he 's really not sure why .
tr	O	I had never seen him look so upset , but the expression disappeared quickly into a neutral facade .
tr	I	She was still holding back , but she 'd agreed to tonight , exposed a lot of herself .
tr	O	I don 't want him to let go but he does .
tr	O	They looked away from her and two actually left , telling him the vibes he was sending out were just a little too strong .
tr	I	Her eyes began to twitch involuntarily and she laughed again .
tr	I	Harry grabbed him but Norman ran forward .
tr	I	You learn and you live .
tr	I	She cringed , and he smiled .
tr	I	She 's guilty of something , and she was on the mountain .
tr	O	He wriggled his eyebrows and I slapped him on the arm .
tr	O	One look at you , and he 'll be back .
tr	I	She narrowed her gaze , and Presley 's grin faded .
tr	I	I was struggling but I was trying to convey my feelings .
tr	O	She caught the edge of my shirt , but gravity ripped it from her hands .
tr	I	They certainly aren 't telling us anything and we can 't send messages .
tr	O	I 've got an audition in Bollywood and I can 't afford the plane ticket .
tr	O	He kept his hand over my mouth though and I knew I should most definitely be concerned .
tr	O	He was fidgeting with his hands and his tip tap with his feet made him look like he was about to wet his pants .
tr	I	He looked like he had a lot on his mind and his brows furrowed .
tr	I	I hurried to keep up with her fast pace and she started walking away from me .
tr	I	I looked up and Charlotte leaned forward .
tr	O	She remained close to him , but something had changed between them .
tr	O	Sharp claws clashed against my skin , but it did no damage .
tr	O	Molly had tried to avoid seeing Hunter again today but Hunter had insisted .
tr	I	I planned to use the opportunity to write my aunt Betty a letter , and Brad had decided to work in the garage .
tr	I	I was hoping it might contain information about how to get home , but I knew it was forbidden .
tr	I	That 's that and I became pregnant .
tr	I	I 'm not doing it and it 's a stupid idea .
tr	I	It 's not one of the children , but I hear a voice .
tr	O	The pilot hesitated , and then his expression brightened .
tr	O	Alone he couldn 't do it , but together they would have a chance .
tr	O	Grandma Sandy , Luna thought , and then she felt tears swelling up in her eyes .
tr	O	My entire body knew a fight was coming , and I wanted Carrie far , far from it .
tr	O	The panty thief had struck homes of customers and no one had been hurt .
tr	I	They exchanged a glance and he looked at Philip .
tr	I	His mother knew about his sleeping problems , but Mac never told his mother about Mallory .
tr	O	We escaped years ago when our power was changing , and other demons were poisoning our world .
tr	O	He didn 't let go of my elbow , and I thanked a whole pantheon of gods for that .
tr	I	This time his mouth was more demanding , and with a groan he pulled her tight .
tr	O	She still took time to visit the hospital , but sometimes she did work while she was there .
tr	I	They were wearing dark robes , and everyone was in a circle .
tr	I	She kept following me , but I started to walk down the street .
tr	O	He brought his zombie army out of the plains and somehow they made it past the walls .
tr	I	I knew that was probably the only time I could spend in Tucson , but there was no question I 'd stay overnight at their house .
tr	O	He intimates the barest suggestion of tenderness and you jump circles to justify your instant submission .
tr	O	It was something that she should have seen , something that was obvious , and she 'd missed it entirely .
tr	O	Shaking her head , she wobbled back to the bed , but before she could get there , it started ringing again .
tr	I	I felt a little better , and she gave me a hug .
tr	O	They both laugh as they stare at the body , and then walk around it , heading to the gate .
tr	O	I couldn 't remember , and at the moment I decided that was the least of my worries .
tr	I	He 's the lion and I 'm the prey .
tr	O	Now he would surely spite her , and she finally saw his first attack .
tr	O	I promised your father , and I 'll watch after you , best I can .
tr	O	Gregori was already pushing past Gary , a mere brush as he went by , but the contact sent a shiver down Gary 's spine .
tr	O	They had her cast in that statue and now our magic can 't touch her !
tr	O	This time Soul heard something like grinding metal and she felt the armor come over Hiro 's hand from inside his skin .
tr	I	Coming after you and to breaking the treaty ?
tr	I	We found Cassie in the very corner of the room and the two of us left the bench .
tr	I	Every measure was taken to protect the raw lumber , and a fire could do massive damage .
tr	I	He inclined his head , but Samuel didn 't smile .
tr	I	The woman simply nodded , and Dan ' r asked .
tr	O	She didn 't see the Wolf pup , which was a disappointment , but she did see the box of sugar lumps on the big table .
tr	O	We are friends , and we 're sharing this incredible thing .
tr	O	She was about to release her first arrow when an arm wrapped around her waist and she was lifted against a hard , broad chest .
tr	I	He didn 't get there in time but he turned to get back into the safety of the Imp free zone .
tr	I	Her traitorous eyes couldn 't stop turning to him , but at first she tried to look everywhere except at Zack .
tr	I	Everyone was already there , waiting for us and we were escorted to our private dining room .
tr	O	He stared intently into her eyes and she felt herself begin to go warm all over .
tr	O	At first I thought they were losers but they 're actually pretty cool .
tr	I	They can be just as dangerous , but they might not be fires .
tr	I	Belinda was encouraging the girl , as well as pointing out a few ways to deepen the painting , and Daphne was standing before an easel .
tr	O	Lake effect snow had been particularly bad this year and it had left an indelible mark on her psyche .
tr	I	It 's not , but she says it like it 's as easy as breathing .
tr	I	He placed a hand on my shoulder , smiling broadly and Relief washed over his features .
tr	O	He had been likened to Prince Harry on several occasions and the two were actually close friends .
tr	I	It was a different drug , but he 'd still have to do injections .
tr	I	It didn 't reach his eyes but now he managed a half-hearted smile .
tr	I	The clean-up had just started , but the case was solved .
tr	I	I was afraid and he was intent .
tr	I	He didn 't have much time to do it and he had to formulate a plan .
tr	I	Then I was falling into my captor 's arms , and huge black dots swam before my eyes .
tr	O	I sink a little lower until I can feel the warmth emanating from her skin , and my dick springs to life .
tr	O	He stepped aside and I stepped inside .
tr	O	The waiting made me restless , and a tense silence settled over everyone .
tr	O	They 're scheming , conniving , money-hungry , and how they get their clutches into you is by marriage .
tr	O	My feet hit the ground , and Damien releases my arm .
tr	O	Dmitry drove the SUV out of the parking lot and through a city I didn 't recognize .
tr	O	Rarotonga was steamy when we stepped off the plane , and far warmer than Easter Island had been .
tr	O	He was always polite , but she couldn 't stand the way he kept looking like a spaniel that had been kicked .
tr	I	He handed it to me , and a cup was perched on the nightstand .
tr	I	She smiled and Nikola grinned at her .
tr	I	We have our own battle to fight now , but mentally , I wish them luck with it .
tr	O	The sleeves come down to my fingertips , and I roll them up too .
tr	I	His eyes blazed with fury and his jaw tightened .
tr	I	She has a weird look to her , but her signature is not over the top .
tr	O	My mouth worked , but there was no sound .
tr	I	He knew he had to break the bickering between the two men but he was a nervous .
tr	O	I swallowed and my throat felt like sandpaper .
tr	O	Little Salome crushed up against me and I hugged her tight as my mother hugged me .
tr	O	He wasn 't used to taking anything from anyone , and to be forced to do it made him furious .
tr	I	I couldn 't figure out how I had ended up here , and I was surrounded by nothing , the complete absence of everything .
tr	I	I almost moaned , and a sharp pain lanced through my chest .
tr	O	When he moved restlessly , dealing with his pain , she would touch him and he would calm down .
tr	I	He held her with a rigid firmness and urgency filled his voice .
tr	O	His benefactor was a tad shorter than he , but she was fairer than anyone he had ever seen .
tr	O	There were a few porch lights on around the reception building , but I doubted anyone was actually staffing the counter at this time of night .
tr	O	Jordan 's head reared back and he snorted with laughter .
tr	O	Kenzie hid her face in my shirt , and I wrapped my arms around her , feeling her heart pound until the giant moved away .
tr	I	That doesn 't change how much I miss him , but I don 't agree with what your father did .
tr	O	She leaned down to kiss me , and I held up a hand to stop her .
tr	I	Without looking back , fled from the room , slamming the door shut behind him , and he screamed .
tr	I	I was just too comfortable , but I thought about picking my head up to reply .
tr	O	I know what just happened to me caused me to forget , but Cassandra said it happened very rarely .
tr	I	Afraid everywhere she went and Kaylin was beside herself .
tr	I	The music loud with a driving beat and the club was dark .
tr	I	A week later she decided that she liked Bryan too , but it was a little white lie to spare my feelings .
tr	O	It had been a very bad day , but she 'd had worse .
tr	I	I knew right where it was and she had given me her address on the phone the night before .
tr	I	Your beauty has been tainted by another , But you are silver , my beautiful brother .
tr	O	She said something in response , but I couldn 't hear over the dog 's growls .
tr	I	His tone changed and his voice rose .
tr	I	You have within you the power to win them over , but the choice is theirs to make .
tr	I	He did his best to keep that promise , and he 'd made a promise to Surreal to be a husband .
tr	I	I looked in that direction and Claire nodded to her right .
tr	I	I nodded in reply , trying to catch my breath and he whispered in my ear .
tr	I	Screeches cut the air and her hands shoot down .
tr	I	Her knees felt weak and her head was in a fog .
tr	O	Usually she could wait until the tall one with the good smell returned , but today was different .
tr	O	I just leaned up against the wall and she stood there looking at me .
tr	O	I found that hard to believe , but I chose not to argue .
tr	I	The pain was just as intense , but I made no sound .
tr	I	He had stuck to it and in high school he had charted a course that he had calculated would enable him to achieve his objective .
tr	O	It was cool to her touch and its sharp edges pricked her skin .
tr	O	His eyes turned chill , and there was an accompanying shiver down my back .
tr	O	It was three stories of light gray paint with white trim and she counted at least two separate chimneys rising from opposite ends of the house .
tr	I	This time he stayed upright , and I pushed him back again .
tr	O	He paced away from her , about five steps , and the light from the street lamp spilled over him for just an instant as he turned .
tr	O	He died for his love and maybe I 'm to blame .
tr	O	The thought made her sigh , and then she wrinkled her nose at herself .
tr	O	Her face warmed , and she wished he would look her way .
tr	I	I could try ; but it may be impossible to tell beforehand whether I should succeed .
tr	O	Most graduates had little desire to become a grunt , but that was exactly what he 'd wanted .
tr	O	There 's a sudden noise behind her , and we both spin around .
tr	I	He grit his teeth and Anger made his skin flush .
tr	I	He had the sense that he himself was holding it off , but he needed for the transformation to come .
tr	O	The butler stepped aside guiltily and Len walked up to me .
tr	I	She knew she shouldn 't , but part of her wanted to help him .
tr	O	The adrenaline rush was subsiding and I just felt like I wanted to sleep .
tr	I	Gilly came into focus , and her eyes moved away .
tr	O	All the action couches were empty and Prudence lay sprawled across the deck , one arm stretched out toward the hatch to quarters .
tr	I	This afternoon she 'd come to realize that she couldn 't keep him afloat , but he needed her .
tr	I	The two of them looked around for Manfred , and Arnie shut the door .
tr	O	She loved Rush , and he loved her .
tr	I	She 'd be alone , and soon ic 'd leave .
tr	O	He knew what he had to do , but at present he had no idea how to accomplish such a task .
tr	I	His jeans hang at his hips and he 's wearing a hooded black thermal shirt that shows off his lean arms .
tr	O	The feel of his lips tickled my skin but it was a good feeling .
tr	O	Some were the height of children , some matched up with adults , and a few were larger than man-sized .
tr	I	He waved at Noah , and a young boy got out of the car .
tr	O	Another man in a black suit rushes out of the hotel and Tom takes him out with a single shot to the head .
tr	O	He wore the gray uniform of an officer , and there were many badges attached to the front of his left shoulder .
tr	O	He was on assignment , and he saw you going into the Highlands .
tr	I	He clawed backwards as his blindfold loosely fell below his eyes and the earth started to sift below him .
tr	I	She didn 't stop until the bottle was empty but her eyes watered as the liquor burned all the way down .
tr	O	Her mouth gaped , and her eyes widened .
tr	I	You are not the best person for this job , but you had your heart set on going .
tr	O	He squirmed until he found the hole , but mud poured into his mouth where air should have been .
tr	O	After a few more minutes the meeting was over and the scientists went back to work .
tr	O	I was sure there were other groups who wanted to join as well , but our house just wasn 't big enough for everyone .
tr	I	She came up against a brick wall , but she tried to read his thoughts again , to uncover his feelings .
tr	I	After what he 'd seen in the visions , he wanted an answer of some kind , but he was almost afraid to know the answer .
tr	O	I didn 't know where I was going , and I couldn 't see because it was dark .
tr	I	His jawline shook with suppressed agony , and the boy 's face was drawn .
tr	I	Dylan knew prisons were full of so-called innocent men , but sure , he 'd said he 'd been innocent of child molestation .
tr	I	I never wanted this moment to end , and I wanted all of him .
tr	I	I realized that I had unintentionally hit a very sore spot with Abby and the table was eerily quiet as she spoke .
tr	O	Kim 's voice broke and she cleared her throat .
tr	O	It had the Orion patch on the shoulder and Kenny honestly felt proud to wear it .
tr	O	They had good steel in those days , legendary steel , but it wasn 't this light .
tr	I	He had already killed , and Drake was here .
tr	O	The fog of sleep lifted , and he remembered .
tr	O	A harsh breath roared out of me and I started to pull my hands free .
tr	O	Hart must have lavished gifts on Eleanor until she couldn 't see , and still , Eleanor had told him to go .
tr	O	I was working on the Schwartz case , though , and I 'd made some progress .
tr	I	She turned him down flat , but he had tried to recruit her a few months ago .
tr	I	Shah Jahan spent little time there , yet it is regarded as a symbol of eternal love .
tr	I	The top of his head barely reached her shoulder , and he took off his cowboy hat .
tr	I	Kira would get really shaky , but I debated telling her about Christian .
tr	I	I turn around so she can change , but this girl is going to be the death of me .
tr	O	He grinned at her and she reached to fan his gorgeous face .
tr	O	Splinters of wood were stopped by her clothes and some got directly into her skin .
tr	I	She called him back , but he started toward the cottage house .
tr	O	Her eyes came to him and he forced his lips to curl up .
tr	O	It could , however , hide rats and God only knew what else underneath it .
tr	I	His mouth was dry and his heart was pounding .
tr	O	The clean , manly scent of him permeated her being and she felt her insides begin to melt .
tr	I	Nick waited eagerly to hear that great news , and Phil nodded .
tr	I	The noise level went up when they saw me and most didn 't know who I was .
tr	I	He homeschooled me almost my entire life , and he became like a father to me .
tr	I	The financial compensation small and the hours were long .
tr	I	He added to it the gossip that the kid had never tried a civil lawsuit , but Babcock had the same thought .
tr	O	She made it in time , but unfortunately she was cowering in the shadow of the open door .
tr	O	I shook the thought out of my mind as Zach and I got to the door to the 2nd floor .
tr	I	It wasn 't fair , not for either of them , but he could convince the man otherwise for the span of a night .
tr	O	Nina pulled her fingers from Jason 's grasp , and Julia began to breathe again .
tr	I	I burst out laughing and Anna questioned me softly .
tr	I	That 's exactly what happened , but I don 't think he ever anticipated falling in love with you .
tr	O	Amanda looked up then , smiling , and Carol reached for her daughter again .
tr	O	Auntie Jo would always give us matching clothes and Uncle Peter usually found us a book each in the same series .
tr	I	She knew she could trust her , deep in her core , but she didn 't know what it was about the young woman .
tr	O	Age is shaped by experience , and these emotions were always meant to be shared so that the next generation could learn .
tr	I	The sound was muffled , but I tried to scream .
tr	I	She didn 't seem to be able to stop herself , but she shouldn 't have been shocked , considering her gown .
tr	I	I 'm so sorry , and I 've screwed up .
tr	I	She held up her hands as if in defense and I asked again .
tr	O	He had his own fears , but they weren 't greater than the fear he saw in these two men .
tr	O	My eyes flew open and I could barely breathe .
tr	I	Flung it in the direction of the wall where the rope was tied and I grabbed a discus .
tr	O	You can 't tell him you love him , but you can show him .
tr	O	She blinked several times at an intricately carved flow of rock , beautiful in its way , but like nothing she 'd ever seen before .
tr	O	He didn 't start slow , and she didn 't want him to .
tr	O	I couldn 't see through his optimistic personality and he was keeping his family secrets all along .
tr	I	It was evident from his expression that he knew what the vampire was asking , but he didn 't speak .
tr	O	He 'd glanced at her a number of times , as if to check up on her , and whenever he did , he started to laugh .
tr	O	We rode the cart for a while and then hopped off when the road forked .
tr	I	The street was as busy as Drury Lane would be after the theater let out , but it was after midnight .
tr	O	He well knew the reason why , and he 'd do his best to communicate that knowledge to her from this moment forward .
tr	O	I needed more time , and I needed Robin .
tr	I	They each ran to a different corner of the room , and three more shadowy creatures jumped through the wall after it .
tr	I	Louisa had seemed inclined to agree , and fellows had told her not to go out until this was over .
tr	I	It grew weaker by the second and it was difficult to maintain .
tr	I	Not the way she imagined , but it made his blood burn .
tr	I	She gave to you and she took from me .
tr	O	I really hate that we 're opening them so fast , but I consider this an emergency .
tr	I	She made sure to focus on placing more energy into the barricade around her topaz ring and her awareness continued to expand .
tr	O	Unless Dad 's awake and we aren 't alone .
tr	I	Apparently he wasn 't in the same place with her , but she was exactly where she wanted to be with him .
tr	O	She was given a stool up by the bar , and Emily took off to put her apron back on .
tr	O	Becky followed me into my bedroom and I grabbed my backpack .
tr	O	Lois was very kind , and if not for the expectation of her afternoon visits , I probably wouldn 't have gotten dressed most days .
tr	I	She had to know , but it was probably stupid .
tr	I	Ben removed a ballpoint from his collection , and they actually squirmed , almost in tandem .
tr	O	I wait for the panic to set in , but it doesn 't .
tr	O	We talked a spell and I found he was into hunting .
tr	O	Henry knew he was off the clock , but he was still in uniform so he decided the nice thing to do would be to help her .
tr	I	Gray had never shown up and it was now after ten .
tr	I	Theo shot me regretful glance and there was a chorus of assent from people around the room .
tr	O	I held my breath but he didn 't make any more sound .
tr	I	When I surveyed the damage I was instantly glad they were gone , and what little grass was left in the front yard had been flattened .
tr	O	She , like us , was frightened , and she knew no more of what had happened to her than we did .
tr	O	Ari 's head turned sharply and her breath caught at the sight of Rafe standing in her doorway .
tr	I	Emma clutched his hand , and Duncan still looked uncertain .
tr	I	He drew the line at poaching on another man 's territory , but Gabe would do just about anything to attain something he wanted .
tr	I	My therapist insisted it was a good start , but I never went anywhere besides the ranch .
tr	O	Almost two minutes passed before his head reappeared and he gasped for breath .
tr	I	Sean had been much less haunted since he 'd taken a mate , but Kind of hard on Sean , Deni always thought .
tr	I	It wasn 't what Keita wanted , but that may have been her mother 's way .
tr	I	He saw blood dripping from his fingertips , and his arm throbbed .
tr	O	The knights were no longer the hardened killers that they had been a moment ago , but they clearly were riding toward Lancelot now .
tr	I	It should have been enough , and this was so much more than he 'd ever thought to have of her .
tr	I	Before he could draw breath to answer , Sasha spoke up , but he started to tell her what she could do with it .
tr	O	Strands of icy blond hair curled around my overly pale cheeks , and I thought I looked a bit deranged , standing there like an idiot .
tr	I	Suddenly I hit something solid , but I 'm still backing away .
tr	I	I was left alone in silence and the door closed behind him .
tr	I	It made me wonder about her whole group , but I didn 't exactly feel sorry for Nell .
tr	O	I want to cry , yet my eyes refuse to produce tears .
tr	O	My entire life fell apart , and you just went on with your own .
tr	I	Her skin white and her eyes were closed .
tr	I	His eyes were empty , and his face went blank .
tr	O	The refugees part to reveal him and I can only stare , slack-jawed .
tr	O	This decision is for your own good , and frankly it 's not up to the father of the child .
tr	O	Her eyes widened and she poked her head forward .
tr	I	Her nerves were strung so tightly that she was certain she hadn 't covered her insult , but she tried not to flinch .
tr	O	I don 't know what happened , but it sounds like she was attacked .
tr	O	I kept thinking this was a dream I would wake up from , but it never ended .
tr	I	Suddenly there was a bright light in John 's room , and then a switch was flicked .
tr	O	He collapsed to the ground at her feet just as a pain exploded in the back of her head , and everything was swallowed up in darkness .
tr	I	Young Samuel did , but Joffrey did not notice his commanders glare .
tr	O	My father 's remarried and we don 't get on .
tr	I	It wouldn 't last forever , but there was a great deal of money in the bag , supposedly .
tr	I	It appears that the few remaining thugs have escaped up into the hills , but we have had quite a problem up there .
tr	I	His sweat soaked hair brushed against my face as his body went limp and the man 's knit cap had fallen off .
tr	O	As they continued their journey towards Dark Fist , the wind kicked up a spray of ice , but running kept them warm .
tr	O	That 's three too many , and they 're all stalking March .
tr	O	On the home front , my mother called daily , but after a few words with me , she always asked to speak with Elise .
tr	O	Alex wasn 't normally this wrong about someone , but Meadows knew just what to say .
tr	I	They climbed from the vehicle and he pulled up by the front doors .
tr	O	She knew it was because she hadn 't slept , but there was no time for sleep .
tr	O	I didn 't get far , but that wasn 't my fault .
tr	O	I have no way of knowing if he called them off but I 'm betting not .
tr	I	I always do and I muse , thinking out loud like Shay .
tr	O	Was meant to , anyhow , but there ain 't no girls .
tr	O	Her backyard had a private dock , and her parents kept a sailboat there .
tr	O	Georgie felt like she was testing something , but she wasn 't sure what .
tr	I	I almost smiled when I saw the fire dancing in her eyes and she shook the hair out of her face .
tr	O	We all pile in the room and it really is a sight to see .
tr	I	Cousins took it himself to forensics and the coffee cup was bagged after he had been allowed to go .
tr	O	The thought came out of nowhere and Staffan reacted instinctively even as his arousal reached its peak .
tr	I	He noticed a slight twitch from Gabriel that marked he had heard him as well but he had mostly only intended to talk to himself .
tr	I	He let out a scream of terror and the tar like mass struck the guard in the face , enveloping his helmet .
tr	O	He was a little crazy , but my natural predatory instinct told me that he was the killer that we had searched for .
tr	I	It stopped short of the bars , but at last an opaque fog slithered across the ground .
tr	I	A selfish part of me wants to share it , and Logan wants to steer her away from our world .
tr	O	There was a quiet intake of ragged breath , so hushed only Kaspar and I would hear .
tr	O	Okay , walking out into the street without paying attention wasn 't her best move , but she 'd been distracted .
tr	O	My hands flew to my mouth and I took in a sharp breath .
tr	I	I had to snap out of it and I knew I was acting peculiarly odd .
tr	O	Morning had come already , and it had stopped raining .
tr	I	She 's more like a little sister really , but she 's my niece .
tr	I	The familiar sardonic smile catches his lips and Cole gives his head a slight shake .
tr	I	Women were taking in the laundry , and men were out corralling their livestock .
tr	O	Back in the hornets ' nest of Ashwood , and I 'm scared of my own kid sister .
tr	I	Reflex alone was my saviour , and I heard the pole scrape on concrete without seeing anything of her lunge .
tr	I	She felt her stomach become queasy again , and she saw Bill watching her out of the corner of her eye .
tr	I	You have great confidence in playing a role for a certain purpose , and you 're well-spoken , even eloquent .
tr	I	It 'd been ransacked and I showed up at her office .
tr	I	Soul stuck it in her mouth and the puncture wound began to bleed .
tr	O	She could not force herself to look across the small table and the room suddenly felt cramped .
tr	I	I should be grateful , and he said he was watching my back .
tr	O	It was wrong , and she would never be able to live with herself if she did such a thing to him .
tr	I	He didn 't defend me , but my so-called friend looked worried .
tr	I	It was no use , but he wanted to ask her what she meant by that .
tr	I	Danger didn 't necessarily constitute a threat , but she didn 't feel threatened by him .
tr	O	I backed away , bumping into a table , and she leaned over me with them , as if she were going to stab me .
tr	O	Once he thought he recognized a sob , but it might have been a laugh .
tr	I	He suffered the same adverse reactions to technology as most gentry , but Dorian was strong enough to cross over intact .
tr	O	Maybe he 'll keep some distance if I talk to him , and then Laurel will lay off Jill .
tr	I	It spurred a few others to action , but the shot had no noticeable effect on the sphere .
tr	I	He gestured for them to leave , and he drew himself up , impatiently , before Reuben had a chance to respond .
tr	O	It could be good , or it could be bad .
tr	I	She sends her damn guard dog to my office and I give her a damn note .
tr	I	He avoided resorts like the plague , and he never went to the beach .
tr	O	You are , and you need to talk .
tr	O	The explanation Ethan provided seems to satisfy the three guys , and there 's no more talk about Ethan 's unusual interest in me .
tr	O	Its age seemed eternal and it was simply magnificent .
tr	I	I could see his curious expression in the moonlight and we walked all the way to the opposite end .
tr	I	Mark quickly held it open with his foot but the door began to close .
tr	O	Caden said she would , and she did .
tr	I	All my relief scattered , and I was left alone with Scott .
tr	I	When he looked up from his desk , a smile spread across his face , and I tapped on the door to alert him of our presence .
tr	O	Emily longed to talk to Jordan now , but Jordan was on the run from the FBI .
tr	O	She knew he wasn 't a local and she knew he wouldn 't be welcomed .
tr	I	They weren 't sure , but the two wondered if it had become a stream yet .
tr	O	Her mouth hung open in shock , and then she had to look away .
tr	I	They love it and I paint nothing .
tr	O	We would meet up later and things would be normal again .
tr	O	He knew she was terrified at severing the link to her son , but he also felt her determination to get him back .
tr	O	It seemed strange for him to just show up , but I was so relieved to see him at first that I didn 't think about it .
tr	O	Emily 's mouth opened , but no words came .
tr	O	The energy swirled around him but he was untouched by the fire .
tr	O	She only knew him slightly , but his posture seemed odd to her .
tr	O	It had taken a few calls to get his body released to Sigma versus the city 's morgue , but Malcolm Jennings was a well-regarded forensic pathologist .
tr	I	He was talking , but she tried to return her attention to the planets .
tr	O	Emeline thought she hid it well , but Samuel must 've felt her start nonetheless .
tr	I	He was gone , and the phone went dead .
tr	I	I had seen them on the video recording , and I had seen them in my vision too .
tr	I	I knew we were just halfway through this storm , but the snow looked like it was going to stop .
tr	I	He hung up the phone , and Brandon 's voice sounded strange .
tr	I	On some mental , some emotional level I was good as dead , but part of me died right then , maybe not a physical death .
tr	O	He was very weak , with a possibly infected wound , and moving him in such bad weather conditions was incredibly risky .
tr	O	Rick whispered into his radio , giving the snipers their instructions , and he watched through his binoculars .
tr	I	Rolfe generously added to that amount , and I 'd added a stipend to her salary for clothing .
tr	O	I know it 's not much , but you said you were happy there .
tr	O	The tobacco tasted sour in his mouth , and he still felt too worn out to care .
tr	O	I thought it was a boy , but it was hard to be sure .
tr	I	She fell onto the floor and for some unknown reason Tammy felt her c-section wound stab with pain .
tr	I	The work was useless , but I used the hammer to beat them back down .
tr	I	He lifted his head , and she moaned at the pleasure of it .
tr	I	He swallowed hard and Tony became flush .
tr	I	She pulled it out and her cellphone vibrated in her pocket .
tr	I	My eyes didn 't even feel heavy , and we 'd spent all night in Woonsocket .
tr	O	Sam couldn 't believe her mother had gone to so much trouble but she was grateful .
tr	I	There wasn 't one on the outside and I looked around for a card .
tr	O	I may not remember things , but I 'm not an idiot .
tr	I	She 'd lost her ability to believe that anyone would catch her , and it was a plunging , eye-watering descent .
tr	O	He had once been able to write the chemical formula of a portion of a peptide chain and here was the real thing .
tr	O	I had to pull myself together , or I 'd be an emotional wreck .
tr	I	The festival brought everyone back to town , but Friday night games were always well attended .
tr	O	Smile with me , and I 'll smile with you . .
tr	O	Now there was the old Brimstone , and she was glad .
tr	O	This is a vision of the future and it 's one that I hope never comes to pass .
tr	O	Pia was right on her heels , and Gloria was on hers .
tr	I	The thought of her finding someone else for comparison made him feel a lot worse , and nope , he wasn 't feeling any better .
tr	I	She prepared herself for the expert dodge of her question and he shifted his feet .
tr	O	It was windowless , devoid of all natural light , but the periphery of the chamber was lined with enormous stone statues .
tr	I	She wondered if that had really been her and thoughts of the night before came back to her .
tr	I	She raised her arms so he could pull it over her head and he tugged at her shirt hem .
tr	I	Neither did he politely inquire as to whether I was actually cold , and he didn 't ask me whether he could look through my stuff .
tr	O	She shakes me again and I hear her sigh .
tr	I	He moved back to see a faint crackle of flame flickering across the surface of the wall , and a loud sparking noise suddenly startled him .
tr	I	They didn 't sound that way on a tile floor , but high heels may have looked dainty .
tr	I	The threads of their civilization were manifested in Ancient Greece , and Middle Easterners developed their civilization several millennia before the Incas .
tr	I	You didn 't answer , but I tried calling you .
tr	I	Bob 's eyes wandered over it uneasily , and a sticky defrosting patch in the centre of the room had recently been red ice .
tr	O	Eli slept , and for the first time that night my anxiety eased .
tr	I	Now they seemed to think better of it , but they 'd given in to him so far .
tr	I	I copied him and he stepped up onto the platform .
tr	I	I took it and Gem held out her hand to me .
tr	O	She rocked her hips a little and he released a deep throaty moan .
tr	I	I could see Callum clearly and it was open to the living room just below .
tr	I	My spasms continue and he enters me .
tr	I	Then we try to make it happen , and we imagine something .
tr	O	This wasn 't what he needed today , but to not act upon it would be negligent on his part .
tr	O	It wasn 't particularly elegant , but it was a good , effective rifle .
tr	O	The view wasn 't as spectacular , but the quiet veranda would have to do .
tr	O	No one had spoken to him for a few minutes and he appeared to have lapsed in to a catatonic state of contentment .
tr	I	A few moments later I caught on , but at first , I didn 't know what he was talking about .
tr	I	He pushed the servant away , and Michaels ' eyes went wide .
tr	I	I knew I 'd be far less emotional than last week at Green Lake , but I hadn 't figured out what I 'd say .
tr	O	Paris slowly lifted his head , and his gaze met Cronus 's .
tr	I	I felt a tear streak down my face , and his body tensed as if holding him back .
tr	I	Finally he refocused on the picture , and James held my stare for a long moment .
tr	O	Rod sat up , and the covers fell forward from his torso , exposing his long underwear .
tr	I	People began to flock to her in earnest and her story was floated through the highest circles .
tr	O	He didn 't know where they came from , but he was sure that they weren 't locals .
tr	I	That wasn 't possible , because the window was closed , but the candles were blown out as if there would be a draft .
tr	I	His shoulders hunched as if he was trying to hide from unseen blows , and his body twisted in torment .
tr	O	I didn 't really spell it out any more than that , for fear of paralyzing them with shock , but they definitely got the gist .
tr	I	The hiss as a ship 's ramp lowered , and he heard the docking bay seal around something .
tr	O	She doesn 't know it yet , but she is ravenous to use it .
tr	I	Echo lifted his head and Cassidy looked back at me .
tr	O	Actually it was just a wrapping paper tube with the wrapping paper still on it , and something rolled up inside .
tr	I	I don 't feel like I 've done anything yet , but it feels so good for her to tell me he 's proud .
tr	I	She had damned near succeeded , and Patty worked hard at being perfect .
tr	O	He drops me to my house and he drives home .
tr	O	She rolled her eyes , but a small smile played on her lips .
tr	I	She stiffly turned away , and her plump lips thinned .
tr	O	The seven soldiers released the prisoners , raised their axes , and in less than thirty seconds , it was done .
tr	O	I had to get away from him , but I also wanted to be in France .
tr	O	I had no thoughts and hardly any sensation left .
tr	I	Yet , in another way , I wondered what adventure would come next , and in a way it would .
tr	O	We tried and we failed .
tr	O	I didn 't know where the hell all this was coming from , but she sounded different .
tr	I	Once the urgent need had been appeased , the kiss took on a new quality , and still his lips played over hers .
tr	I	I shifted to be more comfortable beside her , and my knees shook to support my own weight .
tr	I	His radiant returning smile warms my heart and I smile .
tr	O	They touched down , and Jenny waited impatiently for the door of the Traveler to open .
tr	O	I catch Nina giving me a look , like why don 't you do something here , but we 've been through this .
tr	I	I assumed they knew that , and if the food tasted like antiseptic , there was going to be hell to pay .
tr	O	She knew what was going to happen and she knew what to expect each day .
tr	O	She sat down on the couch and Julia sat down next to her .
tr	O	She 'd never thought about it before , but it was kind of mean .
tr	I	I wondered what was worrying Winkler and it gave me time to think .
tr	I	I can feel sleep descending on me and I close my eyes .
tr	O	It will be two on one , but he 'll be equipped with weapons .
tr	I	I needed to rescue her from him , somehow and the Keeper had her .
tr	O	I get it but I think it 's gone a little too far .
tr	I	The room went dark again , and I turned my face away .
tr	I	His lips parted in surprise and his gorgeous brown eyes widened .
tr	I	I wasn 't even tempted to doodle , but a notepad with a new pen sat waiting at my fingertips .
tr	O	She stood and Elise led her to the front door .
tr	I	I didn 't realize that I 'd grown so dependent on him and the emptiness I felt was horrific .
tr	O	Sean slumped back in relief and his eyes fluttered closed again .
tr	I	I was going to have to point him to some better joke sites , but I got that he was joking .
tr	O	You do , or you don 't .
tr	I	I don 't know if God listens to me anymore , but I would say I 'll pray it 's a boy .
tr	O	He dropped the tube in his other hand and I grabbed it up to look at it .
tr	O	One of his arms was tightly wrapped around her waist , and with his other hand he was gently stroking her hair .
tr	O	Simon offered her the chair and she sat by the bed .
tr	O	The sound system was impressive , and the food smelled great .
tr	O	Her voice lost some of its fire despite the protest , and he smiled .
tr	I	It ran on Hab power , but the airlock itself has electronics .
tr	O	The waiter stopped at our table and we each ordered , although I wasn 't really sure why .
tr	O	My heart beats like crazy at my chest and I hold my breath .
tr	I	He was shaking and his face was red .
tr	O	He slung the Strawberry Shortcake backpack over his shoulder , and why he managed to make that look sexy , she would never know .
tr	I	Before she could respond , a knock on the door startled her , but Victoria 's eyes narrowed .
tr	O	She hadn 't expected such an opportunity to move about his ship , and she knew she should take advantage of it .
tr	I	He put a hand on either side of her , boxing her in and she stopped at her car .
tr	O	A blond vampire glanced at me , meeting my gaze , and his eyes flashed gold in the sunlight .
tr	I	The bars were pressing painfully against her scales and it was too small .
tr	I	Ash hadn 't really helped and he didn 't know what choice to make .
tr	I	Now you 're forcing one on him , and you asked him if he likes massages .
tr	I	He botched it ... and the present in which he had his one , fated , final chance to say goodbye .
tr	O	She dumps some candy into my hand and I pour the chocolate into my mouth .
tr	I	There was no point of making a production of this request , but Rue hadn 't planned on becoming the center of attention .
tr	I	When she looked at her sister 's earnest face , she couldn 't do it , but Angie tried to laugh .
tr	I	It 's not so bad , but the pain is still there .
tr	I	It creaks open and the lock clicks .
tr	O	The phone rang , and it was a moment before I moved to pick it up .
tr	O	This was the kind of mistake that would be severely reprimanded and Trystan knew it .
tr	I	All she felt was need , but fear should be rolling through her system .
tr	O	His guess that the team was made up of four groups was partially accurate , but the lines he 'd drawn were flexible .
tr	O	He hadn 't asked a question , but Paris knew he expected an answer .
tr	I	He wanted to see if Luis would agree , and he wanted to take this to another level .
tr	I	It was a bright point to all of this , but lukas knew this news wouldn 't offset the problems .
tr	O	Sewage was a problem , but they were working on that .
tr	O	Cain obviously wasn 't pleased with her intervention , but she ignored him .
tr	I	Mia had to think about Jonas , but this idea was very tempting .
tr	O	There was a second fanfare and the cavalry began walking forward .
tr	O	It was an elegant piece of slapstick , and it cheered them all up no end .
tr	O	She tried to pull away from him , but his hold , while gentle , was unyielding .
tr	I	No hormonal insanity on her part would interfere with performing her duty for the flyer entrusted into her care , and she understood her job .
tr	O	I breathe in , and he pulls me closer .
tr	I	Money saved for investment , or capitalism as we studied it in the history books was based on capital .
tr	O	Forsyth waited for a reaction , but there was none .
tr	I	At this rate they would be two weeks getting to the take-out and this was their second day on the Middle Fork .
tr	I	I could show you where I grew up and I thought we could drive down to Atlanta .
tr	O	I could see the valley below , and it looked two hundred feet down .
tr	O	She wondered how much he 'd overheard and her stomach cramped in embarrassment .
tr	O	You need to use it in a controlled manner or it will control you .
tr	I	Of course as a respectable woman she could never hold that position , but she was really doing the job any good investment broker would do .
tr	I	She didn 't seem to understand that , and there was a world to rebuild .
tr	I	Richard knew what he had to do , but the young Arab boy had gone , as had the envelope .
tr	O	He didn 't know squat about building a house , but the Chance brothers did .
tr	O	That possibility was a painful one , but she had to admit it was what she 'd started to believe .
tr	I	I know what I have to do , without even thinking about it and it 's like I 've been waiting for this moment my whole life .
tr	O	Robert chooses the left side , and we take the right bedroom .
tr	I	He was guarding before the dagger began to move , but I retaliated , a stab right at his throat .
tr	I	He will help and he is sincere .
tr	I	That snapped me out of my thoughts , and I heard Mrs. Jackson let out a whimper at a certain sensitive spot around her ankle .
tr	I	She looked up , and a motor growled .
tr	O	She gave a little sniff when she saw Ruby , but her voice was kind .
tr	O	Cassie 's teeth locked tight , but she didn 't argue further .
tr	O	They didn 't employ it with the same regularity as the sedative , but I turned this valve off for my floor too , just in case .
tr	I	Some event happened to them , or someone else did this to them .
tr	O	She had known the truth of it from the start , and she needed to accept it .
tr	O	I knew already , but it was still nice to know for sure .
tr	O	Helen 's mind had started whirling at his initial contact but the second part of his statement also blew her away .
tr	O	What she needed was not just a way to get the door open , but a way to get through it .
tr	O	It takes considerable strength of soul to break the queen dependency to begin with , and the older the rove , the more mobile .
tr	O	There was acute satisfaction in her own response , but she kept her focus solely on pleasing him .
tr	O	It was Friday and September 30th was that next Tuesday so I had to face the facts of the math .
tr	O	I never thought it was going to be a forever thing , but we had fun .
tr	I	He 's not too steady on his feet so we go into the living room and he 'd been drinking .
tr	O	I didn 't push for more information , but I hoped she 'd give me more .
tr	I	Silk would demote me to Breeder if she ever found out , and it was unsuitable .
tr	I	His skin glistened in the dim light , and he smelled like shampoo .
tr	O	Actually , it was making her feel rather ill , which it had never done before , but there it was .
tr	I	The shame is worse , but sometimes the pressure hurts .
tr	I	If you start goofing off , I 'm gon na separate you two , but come on , Harris , you can read to your brother .
tr	I	That still wasn 't very vocal , but Mrs. Michaelson was the most vocal about it being about time for Chessie to step down .
tr	I	It felt even worse than before , and I was alone at Evernight again .
tr	O	I 'm not sure why they 're here but it can 't be for any good reasons .
tr	I	It scared me too much to let him in all the way and Micha saw too much of me .
tr	I	None came but I waited for the gunfire .
tr	I	I let her pass and we reached the stairs .
tr	O	His reply sounded a bit off to me , but he was smiling in a dazzling sort of way , with perfectly straight , white teeth .
tr	O	The sound of the TV in the other room went down and Neil hit the bell a third time .
tr	O	She had a tragic past but it was hidden from him .
tr	O	Breedlove knew the woman was a prostitute , and as she checked herself in the oval mirror , Breedlove felt like one too .
tr	I	Seeing the way she was watching him , he knew she understood , and it was impossible for him to describe what he felt right now .
tr	I	He wasn 't a knight anymore , at least not officially and knights wore plate .
tr	O	It 's blue and his jacket is dark red .
tr	O	I watched as it sprinted up the nearly vertical wall of the pit and I suddenly knew where I was .
tr	I	Soon I feel back to normal and I focus my healing powers internally .
tr	I	Hilda looked at it as if it was something funny , but Lea could see that Hilda wasn 't sad about it .
tr	I	I 've been watching you ever since , and he told me when you came back .
tr	I	She didn 't mind his bluster , but it was difficult since he was such a grouchy patient .
tr	I	It will be worth it , but we have a long road ahead of us on this one .
tr	I	Cameron was as hot-blooded as they were , and these were hot-blooded people .
tr	O	Their eyes were wide as they met mine , growing bigger as Riley and the other Reboots flowed in around me .
tr	O	Oh , her friend was interested , but at the same time she was afraid .
tr	I	I cried out and her touch was painful .
tr	O	There was also the fact that it would take longer to pull the other teams in , and Donovan didn 't have the luxury of time .
tr	O	I have seen his battle skills here in this meadow this afternoon and we already know that he can defend himself against a dragon .
tr	I	She bent down to see what he was doing and Simon sat on a tree stump , holding a lighter to his ankle .
tr	O	Hay bales were scattered throughout the room , and a Bluegrass band was set up in the corner .
tr	I	Something brought him up short , but Simon tried to move toward her .
tr	O	It took longer to get back than Sally remembered , but Harriet pointed it out it was theater night in Manhattan .
tr	O	That was really nice of him and Lena had done a good job .
tr	I	The way it is directed leaves nothing to the imagination and the way this movie is lit , every corner is as bright as a sunbeam .
tr	I	I saw light , but well , not see .
tr	I	I was sure it would be painful , but it was not something my mother ever talked about .
tr	O	We trotted up the stairs , and I gasped at our bedroom .
tr	O	No one with a yellow aura was directly looking at me , but they were arranged around me pretty symmetrically in the room .
tr	O	I really wanted to talk about myself , but I didn 't want to be rude .
tr	O	My vocal chords were working , but it was all too much .
tr	I	I was feeling desperate , but he was pleasant enough .
tr	O	It would be my fault if he lost his girlfriend , and I was afraid he wouldn 't forgive me .
tr	O	There were no more back steps to get us up onto the porch , and the porch floorboards looked very unsteady .
tr	O	Philip 's family are a mixed bag , and scattered to the four corners .
tr	O	The elevator opened , and we stepped inside .
tr	I	His thoughts were not his own , but he tried to ask what was going on .
tr	I	The tips were handsome and they were being run off their feet .
tr	I	I kicked until the pain wouldn 't let me move any more , and I screamed hateful words until my voice was hoarse .
tr	O	There is happiness in the world , Dylan , in spite of everything , and I want it .
tr	O	A wheeze filled her ears , and it was a glorious noise .
tr	O	I didn 't think about it at the time , but they could have been track marks from self-inflicted injuries .
tr	O	Scarred guy had drawn a huge amount of attention to her by dancing with her and she was furious .
tr	I	After a moment 's pause , Jeffrey followed him into the back room and Kevin nodded .
tr	O	Even Athena seemed shaken , but she recovered quickly .
tr	I	Really , I try not to think about it , and I don 't know what I believe anymore .
tr	I	I felt my face heat , but I tried not to blush .
tr	I	He was looking forward to getting some rest and it was going to be a long journey .
tr	I	My participation would 've been unfair , but I was supposed to be first .
tr	O	We 're facing each other , and I 'm holding your hand .
tr	I	There were obvious signs of the Jaguar 's presence , and her conversion was difficult .
tr	O	I put Butch down , and he went into the kitchen to see if there was any food in his dish .
tr	I	It isn 't good , and they 're sharing something .
tr	O	She was doing something secret and I wanted to know what .
tr	O	Dr Grayson was called , and Karen underwent another examination .
tr	O	Olivia usually hated when people call her Livvy , but Mo was the exception to the rule .
tr	O	It was still me and I deserved the rewards .
tr	O	They motioned to fling their arms around their brother , but then they caught sight of me standing behind him .
tr	O	Knowing that you might leave and never come back ?
tr	O	My heart went into overdrive and I felt almost weak with relief .
tr	O	I stick my head outside and there doesn 't seem to be a single soul in sight .
tr	I	The girls would have to play the men 's roles as well but we decided there was nothing for it !
tr	O	There never was a signature on a note like this , but he recognized Talon 's writing .
tr	O	He 'd been able to go to the press to make things easier for her , but this would be different .
tr	O	He grinned , and Hephaestus scowled .
tr	O	A sudden rush of pride swelled in his chest , and a smile tugged at the corners of his mouth .
tr	I	I knew she wouldn 't answer me , but I wanted to ask her if she knew what was really going on at the club .
tr	O	She had little more than a day to save him , but she didn 't have any leverage .
tr	I	He kept quite but she waited for him to resume the story .
tr	O	He was confused , and he was sorry .
tr	I	He knew the answer , but he asked .
tr	O	He still had to work some weekends , but it was mostly by being on call rather than active duty .
tr	I	They weren 't exactly on good terms , but she 'd mentioned the ceremony to Jon .
tr	O	As he gripped the cool metal door handle , his muscles coiled tight , and his mind focused on the mission .
tr	O	Lorelei isn 't the best cook , but she tries very hard .
tr	O	I see her and I want her .
tr	O	It wasn 't strictly true , but Edwin didn 't care .
tr	O	He 'd be back tomorrow and he promised my training would begin .
tr	O	I rolled my eyes , and he chuckled .
tr	O	It was a sash window , and the bottom half was open .
tr	O	My mouth opened to fire back , but I squinted .
tr	I	She also challenged the physician in me , and she intrigued me more than I can say .
tr	I	At least for the night , he wanted to share in the family , and Ethan was here .
tr	O	Bullets stitched across the beast 's flank , blasting away spats of fur , but it did not slow .
tr	O	Everyone watched me , but I never looked away from Henry , too devastated to be embarrassed .
tr	I	She didn 't notice , but the water , green with the reflections of the surrounding trees , lapped at her feet .
tr	O	It was in the top ten on three charts for at least a year after it came out , and there was even a U.S. concert tour .
tr	I	I 'm sorry , and I freaked out .
tr	O	I pet her head and she licked my hand .
tr	I	He doesn 't reply but I manage to ask .
tr	I	They collapsed within minutes and my defenses were puny .
tr	I	Her breath backed up in her throat at what she could see , and she used her free hand to slip her thick glasses off .
tr	O	My baby was alive , and while still growing inside of me , I 'd felt that first sign of life myself .
tr	I	I know she 's connecting the painful dots , and Logan said her dad died in a fire .
tr	O	It was a hot , humid night , and we were both shortly covered in sweat .
tr	O	I 'm not sure why , but I started putting everything inside .
tr	I	Nolen knew better , but he did not look so dangerous standing there peacefully .
tr	O	He tried touching Selma 's name , but nothing happened .
tr	I	I want to hit something , and my emotions are on overload .
tr	O	The quality is really bad since our printer is ancient , but the image is clear enough .
tr	I	Tears began to trickle down her face and she felt her throat build up with pressure .
tr	I	I 'd like to go throw them in the wash and I 'm pretty sure my clothes are soaked in poisons .
tr	I	Closer examination revealed a recently patched section of wall , but at first glance , it appeared to be a dead end .
tr	O	Byron was gone , yet he wasn 't entirely .
tr	O	Ethan 's shoulders fell and he disappeared into the tiny depths of the cabin .
tr	O	He sighed , and she knew he was remembering .
tr	I	When they 're close , the chemicals react and the pairs call to each other .
tr	I	He was curious , too and he knew nothing about Jase .
tr	I	All I could do was push him away , and he came at me as he spoke .
tr	O	Kinsey looked at it with suspicion , but she 'd wanted to try new things so she reached her hand out .
tr	O	I worked for Tonio because he had paid for my education and I felt I owed it to him .
tr	O	Not that Julia would ever go snooping , but he didn 't want one to accidentally pop up .
tr	I	I am not used to taking them from Jack , but I said it very neutrally , because I am used to taking orders .
tr	O	There she wanted to thank him and he accused her of manipulating him .
tr	O	He managed to flip her over and she landed hard into the bin .
tr	O	She saw wheeling owls , and the silhouettes of wolves howling on the peaks of the far spires .
tr	O	They were soaked to the skin , covered with mud but grateful to be alive .
tr	O	Her body felt good against him and he didn 't want to set her down .
tr	O	he shouted at a loss for words , and he shook poor Bilbo like a rabbit .
tr	I	The tears keep coming , but I don 't know how long it goes on .
tr	O	She had been paired with Adolf 's doppelganger and the two had hit it off quite nicely .
tr	O	I touch his elbow and he stops , startled .
tr	I	It was approved by the ten , and the two million sounded like pocket change in light of the previous discussion .
tr	I	He masked his dislike , but they were a type Oakes had always thought bulged in a repellant way .
tr	O	Knox throws his key to the side of us and they clank against a glass bowl .
tr	O	A moment of panic followed when she realized that her eyes were open , but the blackness was still complete .
tr	I	She felt her head was a little floaty , and her body was finally relaxed .
tr	O	Her lashes fluttered up , and her gaze pinned him .
tr	O	It was apparent that he had been crying , but his eyes were dry now .
tr	I	His pale stare was intense , but Andrew was smiling .
tr	I	She lost all hope of an adoption , and soon Sakura found herself hated by everyone who knew her .
tr	I	Before she could say anything , she saw Travis give a thumbs-up , but Gabby 's lethargy vanished immediately .
tr	I	I never really got into it , but my dad gardens a little .
tr	I	I feel the pain I see in them and the spectral eyes captivate me .
tr	I	I kept getting this distinct impression that I was being followed but I didn 't see anyone .
tr	O	I didn 't understand how it was possible , but it was clear that she really couldn 't see the light from the medallion .
tr	I	I didn 't , but I thought I would vomit .
tr	I	I quickly slipped it on and he handed me my shirt .
tr	O	There was a witch in a long black dress , black hair , black everything , and for twenty-five cents she could tell your future .
tr	I	My heart jumped nervously , and Ethan 's phone beeped .
tr	I	We need to get through fast , and we need to get through .
tr	O	I had meant it to be funny , but he hid his awkwardness in a flurry of activity , passing bread , pouring water .
tr	I	Any color that was left drained from my cheeks , and my stomach dropped to my knees .
tr	O	The outer air lock rolled open and an obscenity to creation was there .
tr	O	I had only meant it to be a lame joke , but I felt trapped beneath their horrified gazes as they swung slowly toward me .
tr	I	She spoke and she smiled coldly .
tr	O	It was dry , however , where she was sitting , and Neil squatted beside her .
tr	I	She waited for her eyes to adjust , and the room was dark .
tr	I	She watched the van driver 's expression turn from confusion to terror in seconds and the engine roared .
tr	O	He wanted to see them dancing , but in a way he didn 't .
tr	I	Rashid took his place and the doctor moved back .
tr	O	He 'd trusted these guys since high school , over fifteen years , and hell , yeah , he felt like they 'd let him down .
tr	I	The spaces wide and the walls were thick .
tr	I	I never had the guts to say it before , but I had thought those words so many times .
tr	I	Now that their father was beginning to recover , Norah had returned to work , and the hospital was understaffed .
tr	I	She was hungry again , and Iona 's body kept flushing hot , then cold , like she had a fever .
tr	O	Her shame was great , but I bore the punishment .
tr	O	He was very dangerous now and Ted knew that he had to keep the conversation moving .
tr	O	Revere looked around with frustration , but he could see no one .
tr	O	The spell has passed and he 's come back .
tr	O	Her ass still ached from his first punishment , and she wanted to move on to the next part of the night .
tr	O	He kept his gaze turned away , and she watched him for a while .
tr	I	My mind is swimming and my fingers are shaking .
tr	O	She can reach Washington in an hour , and somebody has modified her to carry freight .
tr	O	He thought about everything over again and she waited patiently .
tr	O	There 's nothing on the plans , but the record show many passages were converted to utilities .
tr	O	Connor 's tone has evened again , but I don 't think it 's a sign of him calming .
tr	O	They looked so pious , but some had humor , others ambition .
tr	I	They check on me while I 'm stuck piloting , and I usually have someone on board as a stewardess .
tr	I	Her belly tightened and her throat dried .
tr	I	I 'd sent out my radar to see how she felt and while they 'd discussed Snowball , she 'd snuggled into me .
tr	O	I could ask him about it , but I highly doubt that he 'd tell me anyway .
tr	O	He was obviously struggling somewhat to keep up and his breathing was already difficult .
tr	I	He takes off sprinting and his eyes widen .
tr	O	I tipped over some idiot 's bag in class , and I fell , lucky the teacher caught me .
tr	O	I wasn 't aware of a certain type he had , but I was pretty sure it wasn 't me .
tr	I	David answered me anyway , but it wasn 't a question .
tr	I	Still the girl pulled at my arm , and I looked back toward my retreating fellows .
tr	O	She was small , but she was strong .
tr	I	Her eyes clearly glistened , apparent even in the darkness and she swallowed .
tr	O	We practise this during the lesson and sometimes we expand into other areas .
tr	I	It was more of a statement , but he asked .
tr	O	He didn 't see her do it , but he could hear it in her voice .
tr	I	The ball was hiked and he grinned at me .
tr	O	The apparitions are no longer in the people , and the people are no longer screaming .
tr	I	They matched mine and I could see her thoughts .
tr	I	We probably do it at the same time , but I 'm not sure who hangs up first .
tr	I	A glance at Star always dispelled such thoughts quickly , but at times , Winston contemplated a long jump to the flagstones below .
tr	I	I didn 't even take a breath , but she opened her mouth to plead her case .
tr	I	Besides , I could defend myself , and this loser wouldn 't try anything .
tr	I	He had a record of the necessary glass but ringing the same glazier Joan had used weeks ' earlier she found him not only remembering the apartment .
tr	I	Park benches could be seen and directly through to the other side of the building they could see a large open grassed area with huge shade trees .
tr	O	Slowly the man began to rise and while a guard placed a firm hand on his shoulder , he wasn 't forced back to his knees .
tr	O	She dialed him back , and he answered right away .
tr	I	As I stand fully over him , as he lay in my shadow they open , but thus far his eyes have stayed closed .
tr	O	Sun rays broke through and the sky was almost without any clouds .
tr	O	It was hard to explain , but Sam had stirred something inside him that had been dormant for a long time .
tr	O	A walk would do him good and a coffee would keep him awake .
tr	I	I fear my blindness is returning and my peripheral vision is obliterated by the encroaching darkness .
tr	I	Her bare foot sank into the wet carpet , and she took a tentative step forward .
tr	O	He catches my raised brow and his grin widens .
tr	I	The pain caused me to close my eyes and my head hurt .
tr	O	She had allowed some friendships to lapse , and as a result she was intensely lonely .
tr	I	I did not see her beside me anymore and she slowed down .
tr	I	I didn 't think I had anything to worry about , but I didn 't completely trust him .
tr	I	They carried handguns and there were about twenty of them .
tr	O	It 's not everything that I want to do , but it 's a good start .
tr	O	She snapped her fingers , which scared me , and she pointed to the screen .
tr	O	His voice filled her ears and at first , she couldn 't make out the words he said .
tr	O	I cried and the steering wheel made a sharp turn to the right as soon as we were on the middle of the bridge .
tr	O	He wanted to see the sky , feel the wind , and he wanted to escape .
tr	O	We told some of our friends and they thought we 'd been drinking too much .
tr	O	I could hear the hushed whispers of my classmates as I moved and the tears began to rim my eyes .
tr	I	We 're wasting time bowling , and Dracula could be getting ready to descend upon Manhattan at any moment !
tr	I	If she could feel a heart tear into shreds , hers was doing it right then , and she stole a look at him .
tr	O	Her heart stopped , but she couldn 't .
tr	O	Dusk has settled , and without the sun 's sustenance , the song is growing loud , tightening around my bones .
tr	I	Turning around or * * * Kylie continued to follow Della while holding an out-and-out debate in her head over the wisdom of continuing .
tr	I	They quickly fell silent , and Quinn raised a hand .
tr	O	Maybe that is the explanation that he can accept , but I need more than that .
tr	I	You will not dishonor me by evading your duties , and he is your husband now .
tr	O	Maybe it was a trick of the warm , golden sunrise , but the bluish tint that had been there before had faded .
tr	I	You still manage to meet gorgeous women and we 're at the friggin ' North Pole .
tr	I	I 'm not sure what to do about it and I still cannot believe it .
tr	I	Edwin just didn 't swing that way , and he was a man .
tr	I	He 's right that there 's a good chance somebody 's walking by , but nobody 's in the building .
tr	O	This was not something Brielle was used to , and it wasn 't something she planned to ever get used to .
tr	I	You said nothing , but you know it .
tr	O	Her voice softens , and she talks slower .
tr	O	The rear wheels locked and the car went into a skid .
tr	I	Now I can 't hold it back , and Desire comes over me like a hurricane .
tr	I	I smiled and Curiosity pulled at me .
tr	O	She had asked him to stay out of it , and he 'd always listened to her in the past .
tr	I	He 's watched me so much he knows my running schedule and he knew where I worked ?
tr	I	He claps slowly and I glance at Dervish .
tr	I	I don 't listen to the news , and I hate ghost stories by the campfire .
tr	O	She dropped the stack of books on Zach 's coffee table and he helped her slide the heavy book bag off her shoulder .
tr	I	Prominently displayed just to the left of the main entrance and the billboard was tremendous , spanning the height of the stadium .
tr	O	She glanced at Michael , and I remembered my manners .
tr	I	It was the man Jack who was troubled , and the man Jack looked up at the stranger .
tr	O	He smiled in a knowing way , as if he had suddenly gotten a glimpse at our entire future and it was amazing .
tr	I	He said he just woke up inside and I asked him how he got in .
tr	I	He lowered his head and Ty 's grip tightened .
tr	I	The truth is , I don 't consider it a compliment , but I smiled in an offhand manner .
tr	O	Bonnie 's smile died , and her face closed up .
tr	I	This year was no different , and held at Athens ' most prestigious country club , the event always commanded a huge turnout .
tr	I	His hands folded and Ian was sitting on the edge of the bed with his elbows resting on his knees .
tr	I	She leaned back , and I released her .
tr	I	Their breathing was audible but the room was silent .
tr	O	There are two hours left on this eight-hour flight to London and I 'm already itching to get back to Chicago .
tr	I	He offered a faint smile , taking my hands , and I looked up at Ash .
tr	O	He tried to say something to me , but my uncle interrupted him .
tr	I	She had burgundy hair , and she was young , tall , toothpick thin .
tr	I	There was no end to it any time soon and the nightmare she had made for herself was getting more torturous by the second .
tr	I	He glanced at me , and his cigarette paused halfway to his mouth .
tr	I	She sat down and neither did until both Charlie .
tr	O	I was going to wake you , but you looked like you needed sleep .
tr	O	We may get to all of them , but I doubt it .
tr	I	I went slow , watching her expression as I did it and her skin was like silk .
tr	I	I know Sofia , but Eli 's background checks have already proven this as true .
tr	I	Gray had only seconds to act , and there was no way past it .
tr	O	White energy scorched the edges of my vision and Aiden showed me heaven .
tr	O	It was desire and it was intoxicating .
tr	O	All that roaring on top of everything else is annoying , and I 'm not sure how much longer I can deal .
tr	O	Keith turned , and I followed him out .
tr	I	Despite the cool water all around her , she felt very warm , and she smiled at him .
tr	I	She smelled the same pleasant scent of lilacs that she remembered from three years before , and she sprayed some on her wrist .
tr	I	He sent his boys out here to wait for me to leave , and when I came in , you made a call to Dragon .
tr	I	I 'd never even thought about what I might do in situations like this , and I 'd never taken a self-defense class before .
tr	O	He carries her out , but this time we all follow .
tr	I	She tried to think and tears filled her eyes .
tr	I	I down that as well , and Maryanne hands me her beer .
tr	I	The three of us approached the front door , and Noah joined us from the backseat .
tr	I	They were covered in the liquid interface but Robert tried to pick up her hands .
tr	O	The door opened and Conlan walked in .
tr	O	John had been kind to the end , and Ainsley had always been very , very glad that she 'd stood by him .
tr	I	Yours has suddenly captivated me , but I 've seen many worlds .
tr	O	She reached for Riddick 's hand and he took it , holding tight .
tr	O	It 's catered , but she 's concealing the fact from the donors , having me carry out the precooked , reheated food .
tr	I	I had no doubt in my mind that it would go smoothly , and I really needed that job .
tr	O	He begged them to bring his daughter back to life , and when that didn 't work he offered to pay them .
tr	O	The inhuman guard slid forward with a sudden , sinuous grace , and a long arm flashed out to snare Tavi 's wrist .
tr	O	Minors aren 't supposed to operate the machines , but you would help a lot upstairs with assembly .
tr	O	He could make me stay , and I desperately needed to go .
tr	I	I didn 't know how fine , but I knew he was fine .
tr	I	I 'd rather sacrifice my happiness than compromise her safety , but I know once I leave I 've more than likely lost her forever .
tr	I	I half turned to him , not understanding who he was talking to and Lucan said quietly .
tr	I	For once she stands up for herself , and she sees the disgust on my face .
tr	O	Carla laughed , and Melanie smiled .
tr	O	She watched as what little blood colored his cheeks faded , and his Adam 's apple bobbed slowly .
tr	I	He would use that strength against her , but he was strong .
tr	I	I was relieved to see him relax a little and Harry , still standing , finally sat back down .
tr	I	He was long gone but she licked her lips , pretending she could still taste Johnnie .
tr	I	She was a business major and he was majoring in IT .
tr	O	He wants to make this relationship with his sister work , but it 's not fair to him if she 's getting into trouble behind his back .
tr	I	He told himself to get a grip and his body stirred in reaction .
tr	I	The prospect of backtracking sickened her , but she thought about returning to find a candle .
tr	I	The width of his chest gave it weight , but his voice did not have the depth of Doyle 's .
tr	O	She had only one reply to all of it , and she tore her mouth away from his to cry it out .
tr	I	There 's no god here on our side who 's going to give us a free pass and they don 't want you to leave .
tr	O	He playfully smiles , and I smile back .
tr	O	She pulled her hand away and I was left clutching only air .
tr	I	They sought for his hiding place , and then the Valar knew indeed that Melkor was at work again .
tr	I	To his shock , the gun dropped into Josef 's palm and the drunk extended his arm .
tr	I	We run out of water and the afternoon passes quickly .
tr	I	He wasn 't using them against her , but she shivered at how much she 'd revealed to him about her insecurities .
tr	I	I can feel it 's more like a wobble , but I just nod my head .
tr	I	He had a small army , but I defeated the last one .
tr	I	You deserve that , and you 're a great person .
tr	I	She doesn 't complain about the pain , but she screws her face into some interesting expressions .
tr	I	That wasn 't the case , but Cambria had always imagined elaborate planning on board such a flight into combat .
tr	O	I punched him in the shoulder , but I was pleased at his words .
tr	O	I will consult the council , and they will see what to do with your team .
tr	O	The girl again took his hand and for the first time , he looked closely at her .
tr	O	No one had been hurt , and the fire hadn 't spread .
tr	I	She forced her mind to pay attention to it and the wedding ceremony started .
tr	I	His index finger slid inside of her , and his hand slid under her body .
tr	I	He ate reflexively and I laid some dinner in front of him .
tr	O	he whispered and he felt her delicious shiver at the sound of his voice .
tr	I	You 'll have an Eminem video and all you have to do is make fun of Michael Jackson .
tr	O	He didn 't receive an answer , but he hadn 't expected one either .
tr	O	A moment 's effort had the bar on the gate removed and the gates pulled back , towards us .
tr	O	She got exasperated , because not only was it humiliating in front of Owen , but she was a freaking dog trainer .
tr	O	Hopefully , the claim would slip through the net , but if it didn 't she was in even more trouble .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure why , but Marguerite felt Wren tense around her .
tr	O	His smile remained , but his eyes were intense .
tr	I	He could feel the sobs wracking her frame , and her clenched fist was at her mouth .
tr	O	Brady laughed it away as if James was just teasing me , and my face burned with embarrassment .
tr	I	At the same time she wanted to be found , but that would be embarrassing .
tr	I	I knew it had to look perfect , because it just felt right and it felt perfect .
tr	I	How to catch the food he needed , and he learned the art of stealth , how to be invisible .
tr	O	It 's late by the time we 've nailed all thirteen shoes to the board and I 've brought the horses in for the night .
tr	I	She wasn 't much of a shopper , and her father didn 't buy her gifts .
tr	I	I wish he 'd start succeeding , but I suppose he tries hard .
tr	O	The sickness passed , and I pushed it from my mind .
tr	O	He knew it had four sides , and he could see all eight of them .
tr	I	He backs away and his shoulders slump .
tr	O	He waits for a minute , and I see the young men all ball into themselves .
tr	I	He was stretched to the limit , and the flu bug had hit his department hard .
tr	I	They would be dangerous , and it made sense I would be involved with demons too .
tr	O	Their eyes met and Sheridan felt a tightening in her chest .
tr	O	His eyes swept the darkness , and he noticed something .
tr	I	It was Maryanne who answered , but the question seemed to be directed at Nolan .
tr	O	I thought my anger had faded into sadness these past few days , but Jackson 's words bought my rage rushing to the forefront .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed as he surveyed me again , with a pleased smile on his face and his voice was throaty .
tr	I	There was no sign of her , but I scanned the crowd around us .
tr	O	Henry 's grip on my hand tightened , and I continued .
tr	O	She tried to put the pieces together , but her mind felt torpid , like a set of clogged gears .
tr	I	She did not hear what he said , but Charlie stepped out after her , shouting .
tr	I	It wasn 't that way now , but until recently , her job had been all-consuming .
tr	O	He 's pretending to be human , but he 's actually an ugly monster .
tr	I	Today he was glad for the diversion , but he normally cut Phil off right away .
tr	I	Her pulse leaped as his fingers grazed her neck and he tucked a piece of hair behind her ear .
tr	O	I had my memories of my life with Nate , but I didn 't really have a sense of time .
tr	O	Maybe Jackson had been telling the truth and he had just wanted answers from Claire .
tr	O	The ball left his fingers , soaring skyward , and for a moment I thought it would never come down .
tr	I	The man didn 't look too pleased about it but Anna couldn 't hear what was being said .
tr	O	I might not be able to keep from getting hurt , but I 'm in control enough to make the choice for myself .
tr	O	I had a pot full of money , opportunities everywhere , and I still failed .
tr	I	The doctors wanted to keep him in the hospital a couple extra days to monitor him and he had spiked a high fever .
tr	I	Preston jumped in , but I opened my mouth to speak .
tr	O	Once again his hands rested on her shoulders ; and he gently turned her into his arms .
tr	O	Yes , I made mistakes , but he overreacted .
tr	I	I smiled softly at her reaction to her own name and the look made her even cuter .
tr	I	He 'd seen thousands of years of human barbarism , but the difference in how the scene would appear was subtle .
tr	I	I was sweating like a dog , and fighting a berserker was tough work .
tr	O	I 'd thought it was fun , but I 'm sure I missed the way my mother 's lips pursed when she was nervous .
tr	O	That bull bucked before hurling into a spin , and I caught so much air I might have been suspended for eight seconds .
tr	I	I do not have long , and the bells are tolling .
tr	O	It was Mike , and he looked worried .
tr	I	A soothing warmth moved through me , and I took another drink of it .
tr	I	Margaret instantly liked her and Delilah was a strong , assertive woman .
tr	O	She looked around and Sam was gone .
tr	O	He wanted to tell her as much , but it was a conversation best done privately .
tr	I	The resin was rock-hard and the seal looked strong .
tr	I	It smashed against the side of the home about a foot from the thief 's head , and Abraham threw the brick again , harder this time .
tr	O	He clicked on the history button and a map of Maryland came up .
tr	O	All she told me was the name of the object Lilith is seeking , and even then I did not hear her properly .
tr	O	He had his back to mine , but the exquisite color of his hair was easily recognizable .
tr	O	Ollie trots over to greet him , and he pats my dog once on the head .
tr	O	It seemed as if she was cleaning up her act and I was able to justify sending her away .
tr	I	I would never cheat on him , and I did have Henry though .
tr	O	Evie nudged my leg breaking me from my trance , and I then realized that I had not yet said a word to him .
tr	O	True theological speculation is every bit as tough and demanding as inventing new kinds of financial derivatives .
tr	I	Cain 's vow forced his hand , and Rory 's life was at stake as long as the demon lived .
tr	I	He makes kissing sounds , and Big D puckers up .
tr	I	I had heard enough to understand it , but Raziel never got to finish explaining his plan .
tr	I	He barely knew the woman , but he wanted to know , needed to know .
tr	O	I scanned for him quickly , but he was already pushing through the revolving doors .
tr	O	A smile shouldn 't send a zip of unnerving energy straight into her , but it did .
tr	I	It was important to her to have that and they were very close .
tr	I	She couldn 't hold back the sob , and she couldn 't help the tears that flooded her eyes .
tr	O	Her shoulders lost their tension and she smiled tentatively at him .
tr	O	She doubted it , but what was she going to do ?
tr	I	He was still conscious , but a gash in his side bled heavily .
tr	O	Lara didn 't want to be on the staircase , but she didn 't have a lot of fighting room .
tr	I	She glared over at Eric , but Nell let Iona go .
tr	O	That didn 't cover half of it , but everyone else would know what I meant .
tr	I	Then start running , if she got the chance , and she mentally prepared herself to hit the ground .
tr	O	I was there for 3 days and it took all I had to leave .
tr	O	His world was imploding and there was a gun pointed at the back of his head .
tr	O	Ryan was pale , but he had stopped coughing up blood .
tr	O	He thought he could beat the storm system coming our way , but he couldn 't .
tr	O	Her hand caught the jaw of the largest man and he flipped to the side .
tr	O	A couple exchanged knowing looks , and I could see mild guilt on their faces .
tr	O	She nodded , but the only thing that registered was that he was sending her away .
tr	O	I 'm pretty sure he didn 't mean this , but I have to protect Dad .
tr	O	We don 't know them , and they don 't know us .
tr	I	It will be difficult for you to convince me that it is justified , and the suspension seems very harsh .
tr	I	Vel can patch into other units from this location , but these cameras are tuned to a little-used tube station .
tr	I	It 's been expunged , but I did time I shouldn 't have for a conviction that shouldn 't have happened .
tr	O	Her body was so weak , but her mind was surprisingly sharp .
tr	I	The pioneers continued onward towards the west coast and all in all , the spread was contained .
tr	O	We assumed that her body was still showing brain activity , and that was why nobody had pulled the plug on her .
tr	O	You met Dad at Disneyland , and it was magic .
tr	I	All would have been lost , and if I had said more , they would have detected me .
tr	O	You were all apologetic last night , and now you 'll hardly speak to me .
tr	O	I gestured with my head for her to go and she paused for a second before slowly walking over .
tr	I	I hid your participation in as much paperwork as I could , but I convinced the QT directors we needed to continue the drug research .
tr	I	More importantly , you saved the lives of your friends , and your heroism saved the Legion from getting some important information .
tr	O	Her eyes flicked to mine again when she said that and I could tell then , that she believed it too .
tr	I	Oliver was enjoying himself immensely , and it was a beautiful party .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure where I was , and when I woke up for real , I got scared because I didn 't remember what happened .
tr	I	He didn 't remove it but I eyed it with disdain .
tr	I	Dean jumped out first , helping me onto the sidewalk and the car slowed .
tr	O	He held the American equivalent rank of Colonel and his name tag read Chang .
tr	I	They found themselves travelling up a gentle incline and late in the afternoon the ground rose slightly .
tr	O	On it was writing that matched the writing on the envelope , but there was no manifest .
tr	O	You were an amazing girl , and you 're an amazing woman .
tr	I	Talon suggested they remain in the city until morning , and it was late in the day , nearly dark .
tr	I	He certainly shouldn 't be thinking about condoms , and he shouldn 't be caressing her breasts .
tr	I	Her shoulder knocked against a plant stand near the dining room door , and the force sent her sprawling across the hall .
tr	O	The line moved faster than I expected and suddenly I was up next .
tr	I	With smoke billowing past , nothing is recognizable , but I know this territory as well as I know Clara 's face .
tr	O	I didn 't sleep all night because she wasn 't next to me , and I missed her .
tr	O	Joni tasted sandpaper on her tongue , and a cotton film lined her mouth .
tr	I	The car roared to life , and I touched the wires together .
tr	O	Clay was mightily relieved to have only one , but such relief was temporary .
tr	O	Lea remembered the one thing that she was actually good for , and it paid well too .
tr	I	His tail was high and his ears were flat .
tr	I	It had deep pools , but the stream was only a few feet wide .
tr	I	They were caught lingering at the window in the attic space , but it wasn 't very big so it didn 't take long .
tr	O	Rudy hung up but Serge ranted on .
tr	O	She tucks her dress underneath her legs and I get a small glimpse of the black lacy panties she has on .
tr	I	Their fullness resonated to the interior of James , and these places were full .
tr	I	Todd laughed , too , and Jack chuckled to himself .
tr	I	She 'd had a recent call that Elizabeth must have answered , and there were several missed calls from Randy .
tr	I	I couldn 't shoot any magic and I didn 't have any spells on me .
tr	O	It wasn 't a new tube of chemicals , and it didn 't have quite enough left to do a good job .
tr	O	Vlad had me cornered and we both knew it .
tr	O	He looks suspicious but I don 't care .
tr	O	He breathed , reaching up to stroke her face , and she didn 't seem to mind that his fingers were caked with dirt .
tr	O	It had taken them awhile to do this , and then they had abandoned it .
tr	O	Then he grinned at me , and something tight in the center of my chest eased a little .
tr	I	They would be warm in the winter , but Privacy would be lacking .
tr	I	In his arms , she finally felt safe , and not since she was a child had someone made her feel protected .
tr	O	There 'd been a lot to do there , and anyway it wasn 't much celebrated on the Chalk .
tr	O	We said goodbye to Jen , and Katie led me further down the hall .
tr	O	He didn 't feel alone but he did feel loneliness .
tr	O	It hadn 't , and he didn 't like the conclusion he had reached .
tr	I	She was discovering that she liked it , and the sensation of being fussed over by a protective male was entirely new to her .
tr	I	There was no way to turn my body , but maybe it was down by my feet .
tr	O	He felt his body warming , tingling , and as he focused , he felt something happening .
tr	O	She had chosen life for them and she placed herself in his hands for all time , trusting him .
tr	I	The sun is out , but there will be no rain .
tr	O	I miss you something awful but I am dealing with it .
tr	O	The panic was still rattling in my chest , but it was no longer paralyzing .
tr	O	Elizabeth had begun to sweat and the perspiration trickled down between her breasts .
tr	O	Two small objects fell from the jersey as I tossed it towards Theo , and I bent to retrieve them .
tr	I	I graciously opened the door for her , and we approached the limo .
tr	O	His own connections were far more extensive , and he wouldn 't hesitate to use them .
tr	I	He knows I love him and Ryan knows I miss you .
tr	I	I don 't come out from behind her , and I don 't let go of Tequila 's halter .
tr	I	Her father touched her forearm , but Aria opened her door as well .
tr	I	Somehow he made it work , but she wasn 't sure how he was able to use email in prison .
tr	O	Andy was older than me , and I 'm twenty-six .
tr	O	Denny got called out early Sunday morning by Max and we had taken that time to snuggle on the couch .
tr	I	I gasped , and he withdrew a weird-looking gun from his side .
tr	O	She used to take me with her on visits to see her boyfriends , or she would invite them over to stay with us .
tr	O	Its feet liquefied into a puddle , but it didn 't stop there .
tr	I	Ivan was kept in trim by the two shuttles on her sides and the first cube was floating with a long cord attached to Ivan .
tr	I	Neither were any of his people , and he was not to be bothered .
tr	O	The mayor was convinced there was a big problem at the warehouse and we were part of the solution .
tr	I	I brushed it aside , but I felt a pang of disappointment .
tr	I	I wasn 't raised here , but I 'm biologically the oldest .
tr	I	I felt good , but I was shivering by that time .
tr	O	My car was in the driveway , and my keys were here , in the kitchen .
tr	O	The question embarrassed me , but I asked it anyways .
tr	I	I couldn 't blink , but my eyes were open .
tr	O	His eyes bulged and his head swam .
tr	O	She didn 't want to live in that world , but she wouldn 't leave the merchandise she 'd hidden away either .
tr	I	If I moved back I was admitting defeat , but it was almost as if I 'd fought all my life to be independent .
tr	O	She banged my shoulder against the door frame in the process , making me wince , but she didn 't even look back .
tr	O	It was still an unexpected choice , but Shaya seemed confident .
tr	O	I had no claim on her , but it felt like she was mine .
tr	O	Ray had no idea he was being watched , and if he was adding to his treasure each week , then there was no hurry .
tr	I	Friendliness she 'd find were she to stay in this small town and she had a hunch this was just the beginning of the gossip .
tr	O	I waited for the minister to correct his mixup , but he never did .
tr	O	Jasper would protect Veronica , and Gunner would find the shooter .
tr	O	Tony 's trapped inside this gruff man , but that 's not him .
tr	O	I look around and it seems like they ´ re all ready .
tr	I	My vision blurred again , and his eyes bored into mine .
tr	I	After a few moments , the three began the unhurried return to the barn ; and Adele waved to them .
tr	I	That somehow kept Austin calm too , and he seemed oddly calm .
tr	O	His words hit me hard , and I licked my dry lips .
tr	O	I heard Annabelle had been taken and they often bring prisoners there now .
tr	O	It translated directly into power , and power was always compelling , especially when it came in an unexpected package like Chloe Harper .
tr	I	I refused to cry out , but I grimaced at the pain .
tr	O	Pink spots had appeared on her cheeks , giving her a feverish look , and it seemed to take all her effort to remain upright .
tr	O	There was a knock on my driver 's side window , and I nearly jumped out of my skin .
tr	O	The words were there , but they made no sense .
tr	O	We 'll have to call the police , that 's for damned sure , but first I want to find Alice .
tr	O	They don 't like being summoned , and they don 't like taking commands .
tr	O	She knew it , and when his gaze met hers , she had no doubt that he knew it , too .
tr	I	She dumped her rocks in it , and soon that joined her collection too .
tr	I	She moaned hard , and he dipped again , his lips still against hers .
tr	O	Daddy opened his mouth , but of course he couldn 't talk with Momma 's spell on him .
tr	O	The rescue would have to be called off and there was no chance that they could find the children now .
tr	I	Donovan wasn 't just saying that because they were his and there wasn 't another family in the world like them .
tr	O	They get someplace dark and they wait for you .
tr	I	His nostrils filled with the scent of rain and he breathed in .
tr	O	Fergus was slightly different , also gifted , but a bit like a kid with ADD .
tr	I	Many died and Blood flowed .
tr	O	That meant I could take Lucas in my arms , and we could share everything that our waking hours denied us .
tr	I	Sarah cupped his homely face in her hands , scratched behind his shapeless ears , and the dog trotted over to the steps .
tr	I	It might as well be a thousand miles away , but I 'm lucky in that Winchester is so close .
tr	I	Leah felt a rush as her mind slammed into the figures , and he exhaled heavily .
tr	O	Gage moaned beside her , but she didn 't take her eyes off the field .
tr	O	Justin wanted to stay mad at Jed , but he knew Jed was right .
tr	O	We reached the finish line at the same time , and I couldn 't help my loud moan of pleasure .
tr	O	Another set was made of rose quartz and still another was made of aquamarine .
tr	O	His hand seemed to glow and I thought my mind was playing tricks on me .
tr	I	He was fighting to control it and there was anger in his eyes .
tr	O	They drink of the River Lethe and their mortal memories leave them .
tr	O	I wanted to recoil away from him but there was nowhere for me to go .
tr	O	Jared didn 't like the plan but he agreed with it .
tr	O	Trenton wasn 't the least bit intimidated , but I was still inwardly cringing .
tr	O	That left us to bring in the small blocks , and our conversation quieted as we worked .
tr	I	She stopped breathing and their eyes met .
tr	I	There 's no way Riley 's swinging by to say hello after what I 've done to her , and we didn 't order any food .
tr	I	I am John , and this is Ben .
tr	O	The hall held only a few servants , but the grand , curving staircase was crowded .
tr	O	Susan was now laughing and Althea was beside herself with delight .
tr	I	I glared up at his face and his fingers dug into my skin .
tr	I	Certainly not enough to abort the mission , but he had pain .
tr	I	They went inside and he probably got distracted .
tr	O	She apologized that she couldn 't be there , but she provided just the right words of comfort .
tr	I	She had always wanted to feel if he was as strong as he looked , and he had a solid contact .
tr	O	He set the sack on the counter and she practically ripped it open , in her intensity to see what was inside .
tr	I	His anger swept over the country , and Isaac obviously discovered her absence .
tr	O	It makes you happy and it fulfils you .
tr	I	She puts us in a small room off to the right and I lead the way over to the nurse .
tr	O	His voice was weak , and speaking had clearly depleted him of what little energy he possessed .
tr	I	He sat with his back to Sarah and his voice was low .
tr	O	Thankfully Ryder corralled his band together and they went off to make music .
tr	O	She knew he 'd had numerous operations , but it wasn 't something he ever discussed .
tr	O	She said something about my keeping secrets , and that I would lose him to them .
tr	O	The window rolled down , and Jason Rosser looked out .
tr	O	She took a step , trying to get the words I can 't to slip out , but they wouldn 't come .
tr	I	He realized how uncomfortable this conversation was making her and she fidgeted .
tr	I	I would be worthless by the end of it , but one month was the accepted science .
tr	I	I almost wish they would and a savage glee seizes me .
tr	O	I couldn 't imagine much more than a handgun actually fitting under the hat , but I was willing to watch him try .
tr	O	Sure , we didn 't have much at all , but we had each other .
tr	O	He watched as she listened to the conversation at the table , smiling sweetly at the men , and another emotion surged through him .
tr	O	The growers wept , but this time , none of them fled .
tr	O	She looked exactly like Beatrice Godwin and Mrs. Byrne would have noticed that in an instant .
tr	O	Ben held out his hand , but she hugged him instead .
tr	I	A high beep sounded , and a green light flashed .
tr	I	He hung his head , apologising to them as he walked through and walking back towards The Dominion , he passed the crowd again .
tr	O	He tried to push the dog away , but the animal growled , baring his teeth .
tr	O	Max collapses onto his beat-up couch , and I climb into his arms .
tr	I	You need to figure it out and there is something between you two .
tr	O	I pull the map out , and Dane has the tracking device .
tr	I	You 're in us and we 're in you .
tr	O	Adam merely nods , but she sees that he is also afraid -- of both of them , now .
tr	I	I knew what he was doing , but his thoughts were difficult to read , mostly in Swedish .
tr	O	It was faint , but he caught Rachel 's scent in the air .
tr	O	He took two steps toward me , and my insides quivered as he neared .
tr	O	Drew returned to the silent red beast , a dull red in the blazing sun , and he knelt in a prayer of sorts .
tr	O	His good eye had grown glassy and it drifted closed .
tr	I	Jeremy most likely would be a lost cause and Skylar would be extremely difficult to save .
tr	I	He held back , but she wanted the relationship to develop into something more .
tr	I	The graveyard was chock-full of tombs , and the moon shadowed more than illuminated .
tr	O	Raja rattled the door knob but it was locked .
tr	I	He could tell , and I had changed in the last months .
tr	O	Canute growled behind her and Dagmar turned , raising her hand .
tr	I	Today was a special opportunity to share the moment , and he always looked forward to his first sight of the camp .
tr	O	Maybe it was Kylie 's imagination , but she could almost hear the fal s even from here .
tr	O	The skin on the top of his head was peeling and sores dotted his face .
tr	O	I had just done too much , and I was on my last legs .
tr	O	I was so sure that he would get upset again and he will lock himself in without speaking to no one .
tr	O	They could be discussing the migration habits of Canada geese , and Jazmine would somehow link the topic with her uncle Adam .
tr	O	he called out again as he came closer , but there was still no response .
tr	I	Mairi also knew that such anger only hurt Damen more than it did Esther , but the anger was well-deserved .
tr	I	Now he turned to look at her , and Barnard had been staring out the window .
tr	O	I tugged at my hand and he finally let it go .
tr	O	It fit snugly , but a little mental stretching of the fabric made it fit him perfectly .
tr	I	She was biding her time , but Susannah hadn 't brought up the subject of assisted living since this morning .
tr	O	Dwarves surrounded him , and he struck at them with lightning .
tr	I	Oh , her lips parted with her sigh and she lowered her mouth to his .
tr	O	All his trepidation had gone , and the conviction of his tone left the directors stunned .
tr	I	He stares at the pool thoughtfully and Quinn rocks back on his heels .
tr	I	We 'd be there in plenty of time and it was an early morning flight back to Chicago .
tr	I	Raven finally put down her magazine , and I cleared my throat .
tr	I	He was only attuned to Mandy 's constant pulse , but waves calmed in the manner of blips on a heart monitor .
tr	I	I 'm okay with that , and you couldn 't accept me for who I am .
tr	I	I thought it was a really good question , and mom asked .
tr	O	Her agitated walking brought her up against Fellows , or maybe he 'd stepped in front of her .
tr	I	It does , but it shouldn 't matter .
tr	O	His mother had tried to get Chris to leave as well , but for an obvious reason , he 'd stayed behind with Wulf .
tr	I	Flung his top half out the window and he shoved another clip into his gun .
tr	I	We had become de facto partners , but it was not that I 'd expected a teary goodbye .
tr	I	I turned back , looking over my shoulder at the parking lot and a strange feeling crept its way up the back of my neck .
tr	I	Mary gasped , and quickly the silver left her skin .
tr	O	Doug opened his mouth , no doubt to comment on the impossibility of that , but I held up a hand to stop him .
tr	O	He had never been down there and it was dark .
tr	O	You 're like the little brother Trace and I never had .
tr	O	I jump toward her , and she dances back playfully .
tr	I	A politico was something few famous killers had ever been able to accomplish in a lifetime , much less one day and murdering a famous athlete .
tr	O	Her eyes are clear now , and as she gazes into my eyes , I think about how beautiful she is .
tr	I	She was doubled over and there were tears coming out of her eyes .
tr	I	Large lock clasped at the center , but large chains staked into the stone walls bar entry , each of the strands held together by a simple .
tr	I	This was not even quality wool , and it itched like crazy .
tr	O	Dark eyes flash to me with a scowl and my hand instantly recoils .
tr	I	For her , it wasn 't like Gary was around to impress , and I didn 't see any reason to make sure my hair looked perfect .
tr	I	The truth was that Noah could be the cure for my addiction , but I 'd thought he could help me find a cure for alcoholism .
tr	I	She couldn 't do this , but once again , he had a point .
tr	O	She 'd thought she was happy before Nate came back into her life , but she 'd been so wrong .
tr	O	I imagine it was difficult to aim in all the confusion , and I tried to push Hart away .
tr	I	We love strongly and we fight strongly .
tr	O	He led me over to the tables and I collapsed in one of the hard chairs .
tr	I	Her silence was deafening and Claire didn 't reply .
tr	I	It only accentuated her beauty , and I had no idea someone could be that flexible .
tr	O	At that moment Brick finished off the beans and he smiled .
tr	I	The only item in the kit we can use are some butterfly stitches , and Henderson 's head needs stitches .
tr	I	She could see through me and I had so many questions .
tr	O	Sometimes the shells would be decoration , and other times they would become the residents of the castle .
tr	I	We can go somewhere else , or you can take me there .
tr	O	The stone got so hot my hand fused shut and I couldn 't get it out .
tr	O	Not only was I not his pal , but I had never heard of Bob Russell .
tr	O	Jake knew he wasn 't going to get through to this man , and he had a feeling time was running out .
tr	O	Adrian claimed both girls were faking their feelings for him , and I couldn 't even begin to sort that out .
tr	O	If there was ever a perfect moment for a first kiss this was it and she knew it .
tr	O	A man hounded from place to place , but rather than do good , he destroyed .
tr	O	We 'd covered every inch of the small village , and no one had found anything that looked like a clue .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but my lower lip must have been poking out so much people were likely to trip over it .
tr	I	I was wearing a cotton warm up suit over my swimming trunks and it was a bit chilly .
tr	O	A force was present to keep his feet on the ground , but he 'd experienced this unnatural version of gravity many times before .
tr	O	Sean 's jaw dropped further and his shoulders continued to quiver .
tr	O	It was the first time he 'd spoken the words , and it caught Valerie off guard .
tr	I	We will look after it for her until she tells me otherwise , and it is a very large amount .
tr	O	The winter storm made everything so quiet outside of the truck , but it was sure a different story as we climbed back in .
tr	I	The other guard shook his head , and one guard softly chuckled .
tr	I	Mother gasps , squeezing my hand even tighter , and there 's another crash .
tr	O	She knew she shouldn 't spy on them , but it sounded like they were arguing about her .
tr	O	A grunt was all she got for her consideration , and she grinned , patting his back , then heading for the door .
tr	O	He 'd said as much yesterday while her parents were at lunch and they 'd had a few minutes to themselves .
tr	I	She still wears her harness but Finn has unfastened the cart .
tr	I	Blood began to flow from two slim , shallow cuts running across my palms , and Pain slashed both my hands .
tr	I	I pulled myself up out of my chair , and my voice started rising .
tr	O	Tremors course through him in waves , and I can almost sense the reparation of damaged cells , wracking him .
tr	I	He was pretty sure this would work , but he didn 't have a knife handy .
tr	I	Being dead , they hardly counted anymore , but statues of my ancestors made an even row to my left .
tr	I	Her nails bit deep , and a small scream escaped .
tr	I	They still have him or he 's either dead .
tr	O	That same thought led to Oberon , and the dazzling spell her appearance had cast on me broke .
tr	I	A burly , menacing figure entered with a torch , and the heavy stone door opened .
tr	O	I was in sixth grade , and the severity of her situation hadn 't sunk into my twelve-year-old brain .
tr	O	I don 't know how you found me , but I have to make sure you don 't do it again .
tr	I	I dove into the sea and one step up to the rail .
tr	I	We aren 't going to find one in the middle of the Martin 's field but I do need a doctor .
tr	I	I try widening my eyes at them letting them know to chill out and they both squelch a laugh .
tr	I	I risk too much if I tell my parents the truth , but I 'm not sure how much more my body can take .
tr	O	The guy is stunning so I can 't help it -- and I wouldn 't be the only one either .
tr	O	She tried to pull away from him again but he refused to relinquish her as he tugged her a little closer .
tr	I	She couldn 't feel pain at that moment with the amount of adrenaline pumping steadily through her body but they were cut up pretty bad .
tr	O	He rubbed her back affectionately , and Maddie closed her eyes .
tr	O	His was the only car in the lot , but there was a light on inside the cabin .
tr	O	Words were coming out of his mouth , but it was barely registering in my mind .
tr	O	He had a dark pair of running shoes on and she noticed the dark straps of a backpack hanging on his broad shoulders .
tr	O	Kylie wanted to help her , but Holiday insisted on being alone .
tr	I	I could tell the man was handsome in some respect , but maybe it was simple editing on my part .
tr	I	We had to shut our bedroom window and George was most indignant when the weather turned cold in November .
tr	I	There was no way to escape , and that pain was like fire .
tr	I	I can 't tear my eyes away from the lush pinkness of her lips , but she keeps talking .
tr	I	She peered through the lens , careful not to touch anything and I moved away .
tr	I	I wanted out , but I wasn 't sure what twilight zone I 'd found myself in .
tr	O	He was talking to me but he was staring at Tallis .
tr	O	The chopper had carried us over a dairy farm , and the explosion had hurled us directly above a pond .
tr	O	She lifts the tail of my shirt , and her fingers slide up my stomach .
tr	O	She doesn 't respond , but she starts to sink down on me .
tr	I	A careful scan of the street did not suggest that there was any surveillance , and there were no pedestrians on this side of the hotel .
tr	O	The spike fizzled , but the urge was still strong in him .
tr	I	Blindly ran up the stairs to her room , and Sakura wasn 't listening to him , however .
tr	O	She had her pride , but she was not a complete fool .
tr	I	I start classes next quarter , and I needed a vehicle because I transferred to Stanford .
tr	I	He could hear it being locked again , and the guards left him , walking out of the door .
tr	I	My lips tingled , and as I watched them , heat spread across my face .
tr	O	Helen may have quit drinking , but Jay ain 't .
tr	I	This time I resolved not to trip on the bucket , but the closet was exactly the same as it was before .
tr	I	Her face looks red in the dim porch light , but she has to be cold .
tr	I	It made Romans feel like they had two mornings a day and true , it was right after the siesta .
tr	I	The extra weight is all they see and I know that people look at me .
tr	O	Some thought he must be a eunuch , but he shrugged off such speculation as idle talk .
tr	O	No one paid me any attention as I walked into the room , which was filled with marijuana smoke , and the scent made my nostrils burn .
tr	O	He knew her family was watching them closely , but he didn 't care what anyone else thought .
tr	O	Mortimer 's dark eyes flickered down to me and he didn 't bother to hide the smirk .
tr	O	I say Cody 's our son , and he is , in all the ways that matter .
tr	I	She jolted at his invasion , trying to accommodate his size and he thrust deeply .
tr	O	They had spoken briefly to the cops , but all they came away with was a stern lecture on keeping better tabs of their daughter .
tr	I	The next instant the breeze fluttered hair instead of fur , and this time , I lifted my nose to the sky .
tr	I	If it was true , he was going to have his hands full , but I wasn 't sure .
tr	I	The room was considerably cooler and the air conditioning had resumed .
tr	O	* * * Friday evening Julie floated through the front door to find her mother still up and watching TV .
tr	I	Fresh meat was definitely a plus , but werewolves didn 't need to eat other animals .
tr	O	Ruth stepped outside to investigate , and I remember seizing her by the hand to drag her to the bathroom in the center of the house .
tr	I	Neither did he say a single word , and he didn 't try to stop me .
tr	I	One of the most interesting was called Star Trek , and I 've studied the time period 's speculative fiction .
tr	O	She hadn 't expected such a powerful tug and she toppled forward , almost knocking him over .
tr	O	Vampires can 't change , yet Lucas right now is human .
tr	I	They would survive , but the men were wounded .
tr	I	He fell the rest of the way forward , and a sharp , agonizing lance bowed his back .
tr	I	I begin to trail back and soon my injuries start to get the better of me .
tr	O	Then she withdrew , and the link with her faded .
tr	O	Sure it was a crappy , cold existence , but it was so much better than the alternative .
tr	O	I feel empty , but they look normal .
tr	O	I don 't have enough work for a full-time person , but it would be very pleasant to have a part-time helper .
tr	I	It appeared she was having some kind of inner debate and her smile fell away .
tr	O	I smiled at her and she smiled back then scuttled away .
tr	I	I go down for breakfast and eventually it wakes me up .
tr	I	It wouldn 't look good if I had to do that after only the second payment , but I could always go back to request an extension .
tr	I	You keep it covered up all the time and you don 't let it slow you down .
tr	I	I just wanted to scream and the fear inside me seized up all of my muscles .
tr	O	The knob turned , and he was inside .
tr	I	When I waken , all I see are the doors closed between us , but when I close my eyes , I can imagine it .
tr	O	It appeared not only to be vacant but someone had pretty much demolished the interior .
tr	I	She refused to apologize , but her eyes fell to her lap as she fingered her napkin .
tr	O	He suddenly lets go of me and for a second I think he 's giving in .
tr	O	The piles remain in place , but the noises outside are noticeably louder than yesterday .
tr	O	I never would have been seen and the photo would never have been taken .
tr	I	It did nothing to Mac , but maybe it hurt other humans .
tr	O	I wanted to leave my suitcase out as silent protest , but the final decision had been made .
tr	O	After a few minutes I heard him humming and I listened as he sang me a song .
tr	O	He quickly loosed the next two darts , and the musketeers were all down .
tr	I	The tears streamed down my face as I fled down the hall to my bedroom , and my voice broke .
tr	I	The full weight of what I 'd done hit me , and Dorian had said demon summoning was hard .
tr	O	I taken the leaflet and I immediately started to read the formulas .
tr	O	The night was clear , and stars were dense overhead .
tr	I	Whenever that happened , it always called back that memory of my first ride , and my head was spinning .
tr	O	I hit the button , but it doesn 't shut down , overflowing my head with all the crap I don 't want to think about .
tr	O	He had definite opinions about the way a Sheriff should behave , and he was determined to live up to that standard .
tr	I	At least she 'd have him now , but she might end up losing him tomorrow .
tr	O	I had a girlfriend and we were both teenagers .
tr	I	Then he tugs my skirt down to cover them , and he lifts his gaze , looking into my face as he pulls them over my hips .
tr	I	He waved back , out of reflex , and people waved at him , too .
tr	O	It was now quite bright and I saw that I was surrounded by those familiar gray panels with the flashing red lights .
tr	I	He certainly wouldn 't like the ones she had written about him , and Reid didn 't like her lyrics .
tr	O	She 'd been twelve when Eleanor was born , and her mother had died .
tr	I	The things you lose are forever lost And for every choice there is a cost .
tr	O	The trout leaped out of the water but it could not shake the hook .
tr	O	For a moment I wondered if I 'd imagined him , but I was certain I hadn 't .
tr	I	The referee stopped Lea at the same time that the bell ringed , but Lea was about to end the match .
tr	I	The next lead horseman was hit in the shoulder , and Ezra fired again .
tr	O	He tapped Porter on the arm and they walked a few paces away .
tr	O	There were too many emotions for such a small space , and the result was electric .
tr	I	He blocks the path , but Weber moves to enter .
tr	O	A corner of her mouth twitched , and she took a swallow of coffee .
tr	O	That had been six years ago and they had been together ever since .
tr	O	She couldn 't see colors with her night vision , but she could see everything else .
tr	I	She yielded to his advances , and she could feel his huge manhood press against her velvet folds .
tr	O	She was dressed like him , and it didn 't go unnoticed .
tr	O	Other students know I 'm here and my presence is welcome , not spurned like the day before .
tr	O	You know that feeling when you don 't see anyone but you feel someone .
tr	O	The cab coasted over , popped the trunk , and I shoved my bags in .
tr	I	I 'd lost them both , and I 'd only just found my mother , only just found my brother .
tr	O	I only allowed for one image in my head , and that image was from the cameo of Nathanial .
tr	I	I was driving myself mad trying to pull apart his motives , but I wasn 't foolish enough to lower my guard .
tr	O	She gave me a half smile , and amusement sparkled in her expression .
tr	I	That frightened her , and she no longer seemed to have any resistance to him .
tr	I	I said no , but he had asked me out .
tr	O	Gage leans up and waves Logan over .
tr	O	She touched the Anvil with her Guardian magic , but nothing happened .
tr	I	I blocked her again , but she tried to step around me .
tr	I	Maybe she should embrace it , and she was getting a second chance at being human .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure what it was replaced by , but the anger was gone from his face .
tr	O	Her face was smooth , but her eyes were angry .
tr	O	A howl of frustration nearly escapes me , but I keep quiet , knowing the longer Phillip believes me to be unconscious , the better .
tr	I	He tracked me , and I was moving with vampire speed .
tr	O	He 's in trouble and he 's scrambling .
tr	O	Normally , she would be glad to see him wearing that , but it was different now .
tr	I	Three of them are strong , clear colors , but I didn 't know exactly who they were .
tr	O	He asked if that involved being topless and I just rolled my eyes at him .
tr	O	I was striving for a career , had the best friend a girl could ask for , and my future was in my own hands .
tr	O	Ben tried to make his way onward but Bobby barged his shoulder .
tr	O	Over the years she 'd worked in a few restaurants and she loved the craziness in the kitchen .
tr	O	Will 's hanging his head , and I think he might cry .
tr	I	It was all she could do to keep from screaming at him , and loathing rose in her throat , choking her .
tr	O	The aircraft noises kept away most of the larger animals , and half of the farm had been fenced in many years ago .
tr	I	She knew she couldn 't just let him leave , but she didn 't know what she intended to say .
tr	I	Feeling the constant breeze , he knew he must be close , but Kenny couldn 't see far down the tunnel .
tr	I	It would only follow her until it got a clean shot , but she considered running more .
tr	I	Now couldn 't be ignored , and their voices had risen in anger .
tr	O	I was really on a roll , but I had a lot to say .
tr	O	Eric nodded once , subtly , and Misty put on a smile .
tr	O	Iona went silent a moment , and then she began to talk .
tr	I	They never come but we wait for any new developments .
tr	O	My heartbeat sped up but I didn 't halt .
tr	I	Then her activity would be severely limited , and she had maybe an hour before daylight .
tr	I	He was determined to make sure she survived , and she was his to see through this though .
tr	I	She needed all her concentration , and it was a tricky place to surf because of the turbulence the river caused .
tr	O	Her eyes were wet , but she was not crying .
tr	I	I was obviously conflicted , but I dearly loved them like my own parents .
tr	I	She understood why and he was guarded .
tr	I	The last ride closed , and the park was empty .
tr	I	The hoards of Winter fey leaped back at her approach , as if she had a disease , and she stepped forward .
tr	I	I take an objective step back , and Guilt rushes over me .
tr	I	I startled and someone screamed .
tr	I	It would likely destroy her before she ever saw her twenty-fifth birthday , and Destiny had left her vulnerable to the more brutal side of life .
tr	I	His voice was no longer detectable , and he had turned away .
tr	O	One look at me and they knew Max didn 't make it .
tr	O	She hadn 't eaten for a day and she hadn 't drunk anything , either .
tr	O	Koki asked and his voice turned to acid .
tr	I	She admired them unabashed , and Valerie had a glorious view of every inch of him , all his tattoos .
tr	I	His hair fell out in chunks and dark pockets sank into his cheeks .
tr	O	His eyes ran over the uncovered wound , and he gently turned her stare back to the mirror .
tr	I	I looked at Kali to see if she was okay , and we stopped .
tr	I	They 've given me lots of grief and there have been more than enough unpleasant characters in my life .
tr	I	I heard Jack growl and a moan escaped from deep in my throat .
tr	O	Her eyes were mesmerizing , blue as sapphires but their depths rivaled the deepest ocean .
tr	I	Adam joined her , and she dropped onto her bed .
tr	O	Jack caught my look , and his hand dropped away .
tr	I	I don 't look at her , but Pen hisses .
tr	O	He took what was important to me and he used you .
tr	I	It took more effort to breathe , and the darkness was heavier , thicker .
tr	I	Deep down , she knew it was panic , but she tried to tell herself the sound of the cop 's retching had triggered the response .
tr	O	Noah withdrew , but Gansey remained .
tr	O	Peter 's attitude could use an overhaul , but Carol wasn 't in the best of moods herself .
tr	I	The driver opened the door for her and the limo pulled up at the front of her apartment building .
tr	O	My head broke the surface and I took a huge gulp of air .
tr	I	The arm around her back gripped tighter , drawing her closer , and he smiled back at her .
tr	I	A single , light touch could cause permanent damage and we were told not to touch the coral reef , as it was fragile despite its appearance .
tr	O	No one else was around , and he left me like that .
tr	O	Teague had no doubt those two were bad men to cross , but they were out of their element .
tr	I	He kept his arms around her waist , and the faery still leaned against him weakly , though .
tr	I	It went fine , and it 's over .
tr	I	We jointly extrapolated the rest , and I said as much as I knew .
tr	I	They fled without listening , happy to escape with their very lives , and the men had already seen their comrades cut down by unknown fire .
tr	I	A horde of them would overpower us in an instant , but they would be easier to kill than the larger ones .
tr	O	There 's easily room for a thousand , but it 's only a fifth full .
tr	O	A search was launched and before long I was in the police station with Rose , my wife of thirty-nine years , holding my hand .
tr	O	Pain blasted through her , but she kept her grip on his knife .
tr	O	He got up from the bed and we made our way into the hall .
tr	O	I would hang your head on my wall like a trophy , and if you dare touch Simon , I will hunt you down .
tr	I	They couldn 't all be covered , and there are several exits from the hangar .
tr	O	A van drives by and we linger awkwardly in the driveway until it 's past before heading for the fence .
tr	O	His eyes were lying , but Ryker did not pry .
tr	I	Scylla held her tight , but she thrashed , kicking viciously .
tr	I	We 'll all starve or we need the harvest .
tr	I	He immediately sprinted forward and the invisible hands let go of Aidan .
tr	O	He had been letting emotions sit stagnant and it was in desperate need of some outlet .
tr	O	He figured they were three miles from the Pen and he would rather take his chances on the road .
tr	I	No use backing down now , but the beast had a point .
tr	O	T was freezing again and she needed another fur .
tr	O	I don 't know how it does it but it acts like my eye is a computer mouse .
tr	O	He was due to call in this afternoon , and he promised to give him my message .
tr	I	The spell has broken , but the crowd 's still outside .
tr	I	He saw the answer , and she looked into Blake 's eyes .
tr	O	She wanted to hold the truth from him but he would find out anyway .
tr	O	He kept talking , but I wasn 't tuned in completely .
tr	O	He opened his mouth to argue that she needed rest too , but Erin shook her head , telling him to let it go .
tr	I	He catches me studying him , and his eyes open just then .
tr	O	I had it once , the protective hedge , and I was foolish enough to give it back .
tr	I	It didn 't go through the shadow and he tossed the water onto the wraith .
tr	O	There was a faraway look in his eyes as if he was dreaming and the dream was a nightmare .
tr	O	I pulled out my GPS , but it wouldn 't come on .
tr	I	He must have brought me here , and I fell asleep in his car .
tr	O	Okay , that was a little strange , but my unease didn 't keep me from peering even closer at the blossoms .
tr	I	Her face is solemn the whole time , and I notice Rick whispering in her ear .
tr	O	Sergei 's face was the only one relaxed though and she wasn 't sure what to make of that .
tr	O	I suck in a breath , and cold air stings my lungs .
tr	I	It didn 't stop but the wagon slowed its descent .
tr	I	His anger seemed to compensate , but she 'd injured his hand .
tr	O	She could change her mind , but it would have no impact .
tr	O	Nino squatted over the ball , and to prevent jammed fingers , Rick suggested they practice a few snaps , slowly .
tr	I	He kept his eyes on Paulette as she nodded in agreement with Amber , but Amber reassured Michael that everything was fine .
tr	O	I bring my eyes up but I can 't see my attacker 's face because of the magical glow .
tr	I	She felt the pressure equalize with a violent rush , and her ears thundered suddenly .
tr	I	She knew they would die when their father failed , and they were all young sons , not yet men .
tr	O	It was a wet , gloomy night , and she suddenly wasn 't having much fun .
tr	O	They were gone before he could blink , but the greasy remnants of her fear remained .
tr	O	Mercer 's voice cut through my thoughts , and my resolve hardened .
tr	O	His eyes snapped open and his hands , which were hovering near the ledge , bolted back to their life-saving position tightly on the ledge .
tr	I	It made her feel tremendous pressure , and she knew what Lea was planning .
tr	I	He must have scented me , and Cole was a wolf , even if he was a shifter rather than a were .
tr	O	As she stirred the sauce she moved with a rhythm that distracted me for a minute , but I managed to get back on the subject .
tr	O	The door was open , but the room was empty .
tr	O	It was shadowy and the one naked barn light below the loft did not let me see him clearly .
tr	I	I don 't like it , and I don 't know what freaks are out there .
tr	I	The casual nature of the gesture made my heart sing ; and he slipped his hand into mine without thinking about it .
tr	I	Booker two evenings to put it all back and it had taken her .
tr	I	Paramedics in that decade were pretty good about showing up quickly , but they looked bad .
tr	I	Many of them look down in response , ashamed and she sweeps her eyes across the crowd of humans .
tr	O	I wanted to touch it , but I wasn 't sure that would be OK , so I didn 't ask .
tr	I	He said nothing , but she looked at Paul .
tr	I	The men were out of patience , but the energy was building up in Terry 's head .
tr	I	They all knew it and they were caught in the web of their deceit .
tr	O	He glanced at his watch , and as if he 'd suddenly realized he was late for an important meeting , abruptly stood .
tr	O	He grieved for the dead ; and although he could not fathom their roles , he saw that their deaths were born of his breath .
tr	O	I held my breath , and one by one , the members of the council nodded .
tr	I	The world swims back into sight and as I 'm struggling with the demon , my eyes connect with my brain .
tr	O	Ethan was kicking at my leg to wake me up , and I reached out to wake Raine once I was conscious .
tr	I	He wasn 't offended that Cameron had checked her again , but he 'd have examined her already as soon as he noticed a problem .
tr	O	We step on and some boring elevator music starts to play .
tr	O	I never appreciated that myself , but it 's not too late for you .
tr	I	Even I had to admit that my interest was piqued , and she seemed quite smitten .
tr	O	The only problem is it 's two thousand dollars , and so far , I 've only saved up six hundred .
tr	I	He flew down from Wisconsin to get me 12 hours later , but I 'd only seen him twice in my life before that .
tr	I	Andrew walked in and the door opened .
tr	O	Anxiety crawled down my spine , and I shook my head , dismissing the thoughts .
tr	I	I know that I would , too , and Old Crusoe had a problem with that .
tr	I	I shifted closer to Jenna to make room , and someone on my other side nudged my shoulder .
tr	O	She answered and George felt himself colouring under her gaze .
tr	I	Preferred the more relaxed greeting in his home but oh he used both methods .
tr	O	It obeyed my commands , and I didn 't have the coherent reasoning to cut it off .
tr	O	I kind of remember her from last night but I have no clue what her name is .
tr	I	It actually was pretty incredible but he wanted to be humble .
tr	O	Like earlier the rescue cage was lowered and the body was lifted into the helicopter .
tr	O	I hear that heavy sigh of Connor 's and I know he 's rubbing the top of his head .
tr	I	It appeared his influence was still questionable , and Alistair had always been dragging him into one crazed adventure after another in their youth .
tr	O	He gazed down his body at me , and my hand pressed to his abdomen .
tr	O	Summer had stayed late , and then the trees had turned their leaves quickly .
tr	I	She might hesitate if she knew this was vampire business , but calling the police would bring the fastest response .
tr	O	He tries to get as far underwater as possible , but everything in his dream is happening in slow motion .
tr	I	I closed my eyes , leaning into it , and reaching up , she placed a warm hand against the side of my face .
tr	I	I have the right to decide what I want and you need to understand that I 'm an adult .
tr	O	These words flashing across the screen say I am nothing , and for the first time since Eldest died , I think they may be right .
tr	I	Some unruly strands fell across his brow in stubborn rebellion , but those youthful curls had been tamed into a short , conservative cut .
tr	O	I heard the door slam , and then the van lurched forward .
tr	I	Watching her glide towards me made me think of honey dripping from a spoon and she moved warily as if experience had taught her that .
tr	O	They swung out of his way before he ran them down , but as he passed them , the brown one stomped her foot .
tr	O	Part of me is drawn to you and part of me is scared of you .
tr	I	The smallest of the little priests mumbled a response and he fell silent .
tr	O	When she opened them , she smiled and the smile was genuine .
tr	I	It was still careless , but it 's not a likely time of month .
tr	O	A warm tear trickles down my face and I wish I had listened to Holder .
tr	I	Garrett waved her away and a waitress approached .
tr	I	I 'll point out the cute boys , and let me introduce you to our senior class .
tr	I	I know I 'm losing his attention , and his eyes dart away from mine .
tr	O	I could feel the surprise in his body , but his arms came slowly around me as he pulled me against him .
tr	I	I feel them a little now with tissues still swelling beneath the seam , but I don 't remember feeling the stitches at all due to this .
tr	O	Blocks away , I could see the leafy tops of the oaks in my front yard , but I wasn 't ready to go home yet .
tr	I	When I tried to explain that she could read all the material on the plane , she insisted I explain now , and she asked , naturally .
tr	O	I think that right now is a special occasion , so please administer some pain relief to all in attendance .
tr	I	They were shaded from the sun , and the air was quiet here .
tr	I	It was true , all the same , but it didn 't seem possible , given that they 'd only known each other for three weeks .
tr	O	He made no mention of my embarrassing gaffe and I wasn 't about to bring it up .
tr	I	The rain pelted down , and the windows steamed up .
tr	O	It could be a coincidence , but Gray wasn 't buying it .
tr	I	Her orgasm consumed her , and James pushed her over the edge .
tr	O	The other men crept forward , and Elora watched the boy swing a staff .
tr	O	He had to get to the river , but he preferred to do it without having a herd of angry vampires on his heels .
tr	I	At least she thought he 'd said that , or he said .
tr	I	They spurred him to work even harder , and such results gratified Jesse very greatly .
tr	O	Teachers may find the series useful in the classroom and the novels are priced with that intent in mind .
tr	O	He kissed me softly on my lips and I closed my eyes .
tr	O	This makes you strong and it makes you weak .
tr	O	People kept asking him questions and whatever it was , he didn 't want to talk about it .
tr	I	He began to strain against it but Samantha took hold of his collar .
tr	I	Elena felt very little and it was quick , at least , .
tr	I	He whistled and she turned around .
tr	O	You already knew everything about me and you had to know I wanted to know everything about you .
tr	O	Kat thought about her cousin 's words , but she didn 't try to deny them .
tr	I	His body throbbed with pain , and he was only partially healed .
tr	O	Only a few hours of real sleep would help that and he wasn 't going to be getting that anytime soon .
tr	O	His eyes opened and he stared at her with a hooded gaze .
tr	I	For being the reason she hadn 't been able to sleep in the first place ... but Damn Zach Sullivan for not only waking her up .
tr	I	I just stare , and Maker asks .
tr	I	He was bluffing , but he meant Jennifer .
tr	I	He saw only darkness in front of him , but he risked a peek , lowering the arm he held tightly across his upper face .
tr	I	Once I did I couldn 't stop , and I busted out laughing .
tr	O	The woman was her height , and the body in the form-fitting black jumpsuit , though slender , definitely didn 't belong to the child she remembered .
tr	O	I met my wife , Amber , that same year during a music video shoot , and within eighteen months we had twin baby girls .
tr	O	I don 't know if I can go in to work this week ... and I 'm definitely staying home today .
tr	O	Adam moved to object , but it was too late .
tr	O	When they frosted me , you were four years old , and when I woke up , you become twenty-four .
tr	O	There was simply too much to be done before his Japan trip , and he didn 't trust his subordinates enough to handle the finer details .
tr	O	Joe would not be one of those people anymore and he would not help people like that anymore .
tr	O	The skin on my face seemed to melt , and my scalp felt like it was on fire .
tr	I	I sensed that something dark was nearby and Moon 's countdown ended several minutes ago .
tr	I	Holly 's pale faces and I looked at Trina .
tr	I	He was on the other side of it , and a door had opened , though .
tr	I	I couldn 't bring myself to change it , but it was the longest message known to man .
tr	O	The room was sealed and the sound vanished into the darkness outside .
tr	I	He falls back , hitting the ground hard and his body goes rigid .
tr	O	I pressed my forehead to hers and she smiled then let me go .
tr	I	I caught his puzzled expression and he glanced at me .
tr	O	Maybe he 'd done it wrong and they really had no true bond .
tr	O	It took years to recover from a draining , and that was years of help from other vamps .
tr	O	I don 't know what you did , but she 's at her house right now cleaning like a psycho !
tr	O	The thing weighed nearly as much as she did , but she managed to haul it up the stairs .
tr	O	Heat rushed to every inch of her body at the sight of him and the memories of what they 'd done as teenagers in this apartment merged .
tr	I	She just shrugged , but a niggling little voice inside of Emily 's head said there were lots of things he should know .
tr	I	She usually kept her thoughts reserved , but it was what she was thinking .
tr	I	He fell silent , and she held up her good hand .
tr	O	The warmth of his hands surrounded hers , but that warmth didn 't seem to course through her like it used to .
tr	I	They didn 't like it and they couldn 't understand it .
tr	I	Now you are trapped and you followed it here .
tr	I	It grew each time I was around him , and he felt sick to me .
tr	O	We breathed softly on each other for a minute and he moved his hands so our fingers were interlaced .
tr	O	These words didn 't help , and she glared .
tr	O	She was different and he couldn 't deny that she 'd changed for the better .
tr	I	Usually he thought in a very logical , lock-step manner , but Will would get those kinds of inspirations too .
tr	O	I slid back into the cool water , as did he , and we both made our way out of the cave .
tr	O	I may not look it , but I am a successful businessman .
tr	I	Reed was determined to step into play when it happened and expansion was needed .
tr	O	I shot him a dirty look , but my gaze was immediately drawn back to the girl .
tr	O	Steam swirls around my friends ' faces , but it suddenly seems foreboding instead of sexy .
tr	O	Sam echoed , eyes narrowing , and Mortimer paused in front of the door to the cottage to frown at her expression .
tr	O	I am a man , and that is all .
tr	O	The rest of my body I could move a little bit , but it was as if it wasn 't even attached to me .
tr	I	The pitch black abyss swallowed her , and Fingers slipped .
tr	O	She would have the time between the call and talking with me .
tr	I	I 've been too mired down to see it and maybe I 've had it wrong all this time .
tr	I	Likely very soon now that his hallucinations were gone , and he would still die .
tr	I	Maybe it can be one thing to be proud of , but it 's not enough to forgive my sins .
tr	I	He said he didn 't bother to try something so silly but I swore to him he could break all the genuine records .
tr	O	The fire in his eyes has dimmed and he 's whimpering softly .
tr	O	When they threw themselves into the fray , conversions began slowly , but very soon their growth spiraled .
tr	I	He didn 't like the idea of them seeing Nicole like that , but Jake didn 't care that they 'd seen him in that state .
tr	O	Her jaw became a mutinous line a split second before she crumbled and the words poured from her .
tr	O	We were at P.F. Chang 's , and an X Woman who looked like Xena , the Warrior Princess , was trying to kidnap Amanda .
tr	O	This wasn 't the change he 'd been hoping for , but it was a start .
tr	I	The bullet still burned a line of fire across his stomach , but Gray managed to twist sideways .
tr	I	Any idea of resistance collapsed in Tammy 's mind , and his mouth crashed down on hers , intent on passionate plunder .
tr	O	There 's a hole in the left side of its chest , but where the heart should be are dozens of tiny , hissing snakes .
tr	I	When it finally merges with me , my mind absorbs the power with a tingle , and the aura approaches slowly , causing my heart to race .
tr	I	She took knife to it and he tossed it to her .
tr	I	I can 't even catch a break from my best friend and I 'm trying to save the world .
tr	I	They 'd eaten together , and he 'd decided to stay for his father 's sake .
tr	O	He swung out , and I followed suit .
tr	I	I 'm jolted , and she lifts her eyes to me .
tr	O	They 'd kept him alive too many times in the past , and they 'd put his enemies in the ground .
tr	I	He stared at the wall over her head , expressionless as a statue , but Levana tried to catch his eye .
tr	I	Charlie rode up with the two uniforms and the three detectives took the elevator first .
tr	I	It 'll get better , but I 'm sorry for your pain .
tr	O	There were six guards in a semi-circle around the truck , and three of them dropped their guns when they saw Haven .
tr	O	It was more controlled , but it was there .
tr	O	My weight knocked him off balance , and he stumbled back a few steps .
tr	O	I knew my voice sounded whiny , but I didn 't care .
tr	I	I couldn 't hold it all back , but I gazed at her , desperately willing my face to stay composed .
tr	I	Then his brow gets all wrinkled , and his gaze travels up my calves like I hoped they would .
tr	O	It would have to be loud and that would draw fire .
tr	O	There are other people within it , but they are only flickers in the background , sounds in the air .
tr	I	Maybe strictly that was true , and he said he didn 't lie to people .
tr	O	Another two held Ben , and my mother stood beside Andrei .
tr	O	Yama had looked younger then , but it was the same Yama .
tr	I	Rio 's heart sank and he was bleeding heavily .
tr	O	A bitter look crossed Luke 's face , but it softened when heard his uncle 's voice crack .
tr	O	The man is wearing his uniform , and he has that seriously displeased look policemen wear when they 've seen too much .
tr	I	Those two already knew the routine , and he needed to implement an assembly line .
tr	I	It pays to speak a more common style , and he meets a variety of folks out there .
tr	O	Families of Gypsies were our housemates and they had no sense of hygiene .
tr	O	This comment was supposed to put him at ease , and yet her words had the opposite effect .
tr	I	I didn 't dare remove my face from the protection of his jacket and his chest vibrated with a growl .
tr	O	He wanted to enter powerlifting competitions , and he must have thought steroids were the way to go .
tr	I	When it came to not getting killed , I was more than willing to cooperate , but hey , I may be a stubborn brat sometimes .
tr	O	The doctor told her she 'd be uncomfortable sitting for about a week , but other than that , she 'd be just fine .
tr	I	He scratched his black stubble , and his beautiful dark brows furrowed .
tr	I	Her arms twitched uncomfortably and her shoulders sagged .
tr	O	The truck slowed to a stop in the parking lot across the street , and I looked out the window to the pub .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I tried to picture him as this villain who was out to steal my girl .
tr	I	It was less likely to attract attention , and the latter had a better fit to Frank 's image .
tr	O	He was exhausted and his side throbbed .
tr	I	He didn 't want anything to intrude on that and their precious time together seemed so pure , so unadulterated by the reality of his life .
tr	O	I blushed and she beamed .
tr	O	I gave Fred strict orders never to mess with my hair or I would feed him to the undead myself .
tr	O	The hard length of him pressed up against my body and I tentatively reached down to curl my fingers around him .
tr	I	I keep going , but Allie rushes down the stairs .
tr	I	There was another door in the middle , and the building was about a hundred feet long .
tr	I	The pain in his eyes spoke to her without words , and he tore his gaze off of the tree to focus on her .
tr	O	Beside him , Dave chuckled , and he turned to glare .
tr	I	I didn 't want to be the one to say so , but I hoped he meant a counselor .
tr	O	Carol said nothing , but she casually slipped her hand around the side of his neck , urging his mouth down to hers .
tr	I	There are hundreds of rooms that are just left standing , and we as a family use so little of it .
tr	O	My sisters often call me Ms. Meanie Weenie Witch , but that 's okay .
tr	O	Nora follows at my elbow , and as I 'm twisting to drop into the chair , she gasps .
tr	O	The sound of footsteps behind me stopped me , and I turned around to see Tripp closing in quickly .
tr	I	I had to cut the mime 's firing time short by ten minutes , and the trackers were close on our heels .
tr	O	The waves pushed his body toward the shore , and he let the momentum carry him .
tr	I	That only made them more frightening , and a few of them were too alien to identify .
tr	O	My degree was in business , and I had a minor in the French language , though what good what that do me in the real world ?
tr	I	She couldn 't pull away from him and this was real .
tr	O	It looked eerie in the low light and Soul slid back a step with a pit in her stomach .
tr	O	She 'd wanted to change out of her work clothes to something more comfortable , but she no longer had time .
tr	I	I can still save the shoes , but I 've messed up the dress .
tr	O	I sighed , explaining what we 'd found , but Natalie stopped me a sentence in .
tr	O	He looked at the tapestry and images came once again .
tr	I	Cameron secretly agreed with his reasons why , but it had been bad of Daniel to run away from school .
tr	O	I pointed out that the starter point was always thirteen , and it always has been .
tr	O	A lance of fresh pain stabs through me , but I tamp it down .
tr	O	He knew he was called upon to do what he did and no one would ever be able to convince him otherwise .
tr	I	They believed and they listened .
tr	O	We scurried about like ants in a hive , but what was the purpose of the hive itself ?
tr	O	It was drunken gibberish , and Blue hated listening to the ravings of dead people .
tr	O	My shoulders caved in and the strap of my duffle bag dropped into his large hand .
tr	O	Janet held her breath , but the sneezes never came .
tr	O	It 's sexy , or at least I think it is .
tr	I	We don 't know where , and we don 't know when .
tr	O	She felt so hopeless , and the words sounded stupid .
tr	O	she suggests as the light turns green and she starts moving with the traffic again .
tr	O	I woke her up and she thanked me .
tr	O	It 's nothin to nature , but it did us some good .
tr	I	He was not , but she scanned the throng to see if the other physician was still standing there .
tr	I	He didn 't see any signs of their getting lost , and Messick watched the jury the entire time Johansen was speaking .
tr	O	Bates hoped this discussion worked , but he doubted it .
tr	O	She put the resumes back in her desk and I went back to my office , pondering .
tr	O	They may have obeyed my curfew , but their eyes are defiant , angry .
tr	O	I answered him lightly and he laughed .
tr	O	The others in the room recognized that fact immediately and there was some grumbling .
tr	O	Try anything and he 'll slice your neck .
tr	I	She knew that , and he really was .
tr	I	A sick feeling of dread begins to build in the pit of my stomach and I hear them mention Marek a couple of times .
tr	O	He started forward , but Zoey looked away .
tr	I	She didn 't want to say no to her friends , but she didn 't dare go downstairs to ask her parents .
tr	O	Pamela Collins had made her own choice , and that choice had been to remain in a failed marriage .
tr	I	The Amazons knelt behind her , and the leader approached him again .
tr	O	Tears slip down her cheeks and I slide June a glance .
tr	I	The crew paid no attention , but there was more shushing from nearby blankets .
tr	I	Her throat closed up at the sight of him , but she wanted to apologize , to ask his forgiveness on her children 's behalf .
tr	O	The back of his hand slid down her cheek , and she turned her face to better feel his touch .
tr	O	Twice he 'd sued the company , and twice he 'd won .
tr	O	I didn 't kiss him though , and while we held hands , he never pressed for more .
tr	I	He could feel his forehead moistening and Denison was gasping a little .
tr	O	I hand the lace to him and he presses it to his cheek .
tr	I	Her expression was unpleasant , and faye , though , was squirming like a fish trying to get off a hook .
tr	I	He didn 't look horrified , but I wanted to ask if he was horrified that I 'd killed all those humans .
tr	I	The seas sang and the mountains bowed .
tr	O	The elevator doors opened and Sam boarded .
tr	I	When I 'm done , I think we have the guards convinced , and Flynn says very little , leaving most of the talking to me .
tr	O	This was the last thing he wanted being just a little worried in case John and his shadow Cheetah were to turn up .
tr	O	The room was painted a light gray , and the shades looked like they hadn 't been cleaned in years .
tr	O	He could never have made it through here with the chair and he wanted us safe .
tr	O	Mia never mentioned her friends , and she barely mentioned her family .
tr	O	They looked at each other again and Detective Mercer shrugged .
tr	I	Every minute was extended to an hour and every second was a minute .
tr	O	He had begun in search of answers , but now he had even forgotten the questions .
tr	I	I caught a whiff of his cologne , and he held open a door for me .
tr	O	The laid back mechanic was late , and Beth found herself in an impatient mood .
tr	O	Everything I felt suddenly tasted cheap in my mouth , and I didn 't care that she was in pain .
tr	O	He could have retaliated with fire , but he 'd wanted out of that house .
tr	I	This wasn 't for him tonight , but his cock jumped at the sight .
tr	I	She squirmed and he did .
tr	O	Ryan came back with high praise , and that is unusual for him .
tr	O	It was a bit of a struggle for Ernest with his weedy arms , but he did his best to hide it .
tr	I	It takes my eyes a moment to adjust to the dim , and it 's dark .
tr	I	I walked to the bathroom , and he hustled to the table .
tr	I	He spoke slowly and Zane 's eyes popped open .
tr	I	The doors slid open , and the elevator dinged .
tr	O	Tink is in a bed across the way , but he is forbidden to talk to me so is not much company .
tr	O	Heavy footsteps sounded outside , and sunlight flooded the tent as someone flapped open the door .
tr	O	My tears were making me shake again , and I just wanted it all to stop .
tr	I	Once more I got nothing in return , and once more I appealed to Felix .
tr	I	We shall deliver it to him and we promised the poor boy victory .
tr	O	Johnny nearly spoke but as if his tongue had frozen he said nothing .
tr	O	She was nothing more than a traitor , a pawn to him and she knew full well what happened to traitors in his world .
tr	O	Matt let go of my arm , and I got out of the car .
tr	I	I sat on the unoccupied side of the booth and he smiled .
tr	I	He walked back to his office , wondering what was happening and Matt understood that he had been dismissed .
tr	I	I slowly took my gun out of my drawer , and I knew it wasn 't a stupid bird this time .
tr	O	I was contented , and it felt wonderful .
tr	I	He was warm and she was naked .
tr	I	The knight struggled to bring his blade around to take the opening , and the left handed one parried wide .
tr	I	After a moment , she released me , and I forced myself to stay very calm .
tr	O	Now I see that we do have the best men but we do not have the best equipment .
tr	I	His familiarity with her didn 't come as any big surprise , but they hadn 't exchanged a word since she 'd been back .
tr	O	She tried to resist , but the heat he was creating became too much .
tr	O	Her eyes are partially hooded , and she yawns against her hand .
tr	I	I didn 't laugh , but he winked at me .
tr	O	I scream angrily , but then soften my voice .
tr	O	Sometimes they had dinner and afterwards they dished together .
tr	O	It had come two days earlier , but I 'd yet to open it .
tr	O	The darkness exploded , and there was light .
tr	O	She couldn 't detect disappointment , but still , why couldn 't she just say yes ?
tr	O	She was on the same page as I was regarding kids and I couldn 't be happier .
tr	O	A switchboard operator came on the line , and Julia asked to speak to Abby Warner .
tr	I	She knew what Reid was capable of , but she couldn 't let that happen .
tr	I	Yet I shook my head no , and you bet .
tr	O	The larger ship did not back down , however , and what had been a small diplomatic incident between two nation-states of information quickly moved toward war .
tr	O	She is motivated , and I like that .
tr	O	The alien closed his eyes and once again the connection broke .
tr	I	Matthew never knew him to be this funny and his parents migrated from China five years ago .
tr	O	I still had plenty of magic in me , but this active combat was exhausting .
tr	O	I 'm just three credits away from having my Mass Communication degree , but even I don 't know what swarthy means .
tr	I	She instantly felt like a bad best friend , and she had somehow forgotten about that little scene .
tr	I	I shut the door behind him and Milo walked through the small opening .
tr	O	Then he felt the disturbance in the night air , a whisper of movement , and he knew they were not alone .
tr	O	It was sharper than he had expected , and it nicked the skin of his finger .
tr	I	Blue just stuffed her hands in her apron pockets , but Calla would 've flipped him off .
tr	I	My body buzzed with nerves , and my heart thrust to life .
tr	O	I start to scramble on top of him , but he jerks away before I can straddle him .
tr	I	Already I 'm nagging you , and we 're on our third date .
tr	O	We might squirm a little , but we don 't die .
tr	O	He 's fine right now , but as you saw for yourself last night , that can change in one instant .
tr	I	It was not a two-minute process , but she tried not to dither .
tr	O	I say , and someone laughs .
tr	O	She had always been a slight woman , but now she looked frail .
tr	I	I never doubted it , but I can 't tell you how I knew it was him .
tr	O	It wasn 't perfect , but it did the job .
tr	I	She realized she was not suffering , and a calming warmth washed over Maya .
tr	I	I wonder if he 's thinking about memories as well and we smile at each other .
tr	I	She felt a deep pain , and another struck her back .
tr	O	The name on the screen made Damen frown , but in the end , he decided to reply .
tr	O	Vader might not seek the mantle of leadership today , but there 's no guarantee that won 't change .
tr	I	I was getting confused about things I shouldn 't be confused about , and I was beginning to forget what it felt like to be near him .
tr	O	Dante nods towards someone that I can 't see and a groomsman emerges from the edge of the house .
tr	I	She could finally breathe normally again and the rejuvenating frigid air cooled her sweaty skin .
tr	I	His mouth suddenly pressed against mine in a hard kiss , but I had the distinct impression that he wanted to say something else .
tr	I	The seat was empty , but the door was open .
tr	O	They both dropped their books and they bent down to pick them up .
tr	I	I have to talk to her and I know Addie is in there .
tr	I	We are trying to re-create them and many of the spells in here have been lost .
tr	I	That only made it worse , but he beat at the hand .
tr	O	I only meant to hurt you there , but I was sure I must have killed you .
tr	O	He thought Dark Watcher 's name meant he just hid in the shadows , but now it seemed he commanded the darkness itself .
tr	I	Scott swung out , and it pulled under the carport .
tr	O	Maybe get Karl 's evaluation , and maybe Lucy 's .
tr	O	His gaze centered on her mouth and again he bent his head toward her .
tr	I	When the clouds parted a bright moon shone down on the valley and at last the rain had stopped .
tr	O	That data gathering takes time , Gene , and time is money , especially with commodities .
tr	O	James groaned , and she experienced an intense sense of power .
tr	O	It had been a very long day , and the fact was , I was ready to give up against these overwhelming odds .
tr	I	She couldn 't see any movement , but she could hear the rustle as it traveled through the surrounding forest .
tr	O	Hugh had only been dead for a little over a year , and this weekend would have been their wedding day .
tr	O	The big rollers moved in Saturday and the amount of gambling was heavy .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure why and I felt angry .
tr	I	Then there was the blood all over him , and his face was already dark with new beard .
tr	I	She didn 't blame them and they probably resented her intrusion .
tr	I	She had been up half the night worrying about Steven , and the evening before had taken its toll .
tr	O	He stared down into my eyes , and his eyes looked angry .
tr	O	When she saw the elves bringing in their own hay , she would tell her master and he would bring his in , too .
tr	O	There was sadness in her eyes now and he wondered who had put that there .
tr	O	A couple dozen shots of the same rock appeared on the screen , but all of them had a larger tree growing on it .
tr	I	Katie laughed , relaxing , and he gasped as the liquid scalded his tongue .
tr	O	Then he felt another of those prickly twinges , and he was almost positive that somebody he couldn 't see was watching him very closely .
tr	I	It 's heavily frowned upon , but we can breed with women .
tr	I	It snapped him out of his daze , and Jack recognised the voice .
tr	O	They had more experience , but their jobs weren 't any easier than hers .
tr	O	He didn 't let go of my arm , like I was his light in the dark , but my voice stilled his fear .
tr	O	She nodded , opening her eyes , and her startled gaze collided with his .
tr	O	His chestnut hair is tousled and his t-shirt is on inside out .
tr	I	She couldn 't incinerate them , but she could rip out their hearts as a jaguar .
tr	I	I regretted not going to him sooner with the way I felt , and it had been such a hard few weeks .
tr	I	I will get you out and if at any time , Lara , you have to leave this place , Nicolas reassured , tell me .
tr	O	She 'd been crying for days , and she didn 't know if she was ever going to stop .
tr	O	She could not say that it was love , for she hardly knew him , but he touched something deep within her soul .
tr	I	He could smell roses and as she swung around again to catch the little girl , her hair brushed by him .
tr	I	They weren 't even full vampires and they all had to be destroyed .
tr	I	Her plans had been thrown out of the window , but it wasn 't where she had planned on eating .
tr	I	We fought back , even as another pair of guards moved in from our right and I stood side by side with Holden .
tr	I	His lips found my neck instead , and I turned my head .
tr	O	He shot a glance at a nearby group of the refugees , and they hastily turned back to pounding in tent stakes .
tr	O	The mental picture , thus outlined , came to mind , and he began to snort .
tr	O	I 'd grill you now but I 'm in a hurry .
tr	O	The problem now was that she was too visible , and she couldn 't do a thing about it .
tr	I	He shook his head , but Alaric 's lips thinned .
tr	O	I was looking at Hunter , but it was Billy who answered .
tr	O	His father may know about it , but he might not know where it is .
tr	O	Her fingernails were polished red , and somehow that seemed very weird .
tr	O	Raegan worked right beside me , and together we kept that machine greased like a stripper in a plastic pool full of baby oil .
tr	I	I promise you no horseplay will be tolerated there , and you are preparing for junior high .
tr	O	I sat at the table , waiting to feel better , and it didn 't take long .
tr	I	I looked away , but he shot an angry glance over at me .
tr	O	His voice was glowing , or I made it to be .
tr	I	I know there aren 't many places for women in the business , but she needs a position .
tr	O	Roger 's arm hangs at an odd angle below the elbow and I try to catch my breath , horrified by the sight .
tr	I	Edmund had the skill to make more from skins the patrols brought in , and there had been some leather on hand .
tr	O	A shadow crossed over his face and I was afraid to ask more .
tr	I	He held his chin defiantly , but Dirt streaked his emaciated torso .
tr	I	Red eyes stared hungrily and when he closed his eyes , he was in a pit , shadows surrounded him .
tr	I	The men confer with their eyes but Evie starts to get extra chairs .
tr	O	My whole being becomes entirely consumed with guilt and I feel like I can barely breathe .
tr	O	There were myriads of speculations , but none were grounded in fact .
tr	I	If my folk saw me hand this to you they would become enraged and I should not give it to you at all .
tr	O	Kaitlyn could hear him perfectly even though he was in the kitchen and she was giving a final punch to Lydia 's pillow .
tr	O	A bailiff touched Dan on the shoulder and he nearly jumped out of his skin .
tr	O	I chuckled , but it was watery .
tr	I	The sound had its effect , but she yelled , startling Laura .
tr	O	She was the captain 's daughter and he was a lowly foot soldier .
tr	O	Her knees weakened and her heart pounded .
tr	O	He grimaced , and I turned .
tr	O	He had been concerned about falling asleep in midair , but now he was home .
tr	O	He supported Barrett 's crusades , but I don 't think they were friends .
tr	I	It might be the only chance they had , but it was a long shot .
tr	O	She let out a soft laugh that turned into a sob , and my stomach knotted up .
tr	I	She could do no other than help him , and he needed her .
tr	I	She didn 't exactly meet his gaze and he watched her swallow .
tr	I	Through lips slathered with glittery lipgloss , she said , and her sculpted eyebrow arched as she caught a glimpse of Nina in the doorway .
tr	O	I know this will be difficult for you , but you must know the truth .
tr	O	He was in his own domain , with his first real friend , and she had not freaked out at the outlandish way in which he lived .
tr	O	Pendleton felt a twist of regret turn inside him , and he wished he hadn 't asked her to elaborate .
tr	I	It was real , but he tried to ignore it .
tr	O	Her mother was marrying into a snake pit and he wondered where Molly fit into the family .
tr	O	The captain stole her from the chair and they began to dance around the room , albeit badly , laughing hysterically .
tr	O	She had mentioned that she had never lived on her own before , and when she went to pay , she used an American Express platinum card .
tr	O	Will 's truck was much like Preston 's -- an old 1981 Ford 150 -- and it started on the first try .
tr	I	Immediately she took a step back and he took a step toward her .
tr	O	Kathy now has a free babysitter , and I bought her a phone so I can video chat with him every day .
tr	I	Yes , that sucks , and yes , there 's a lawsuit .
tr	I	The bed was empty but I ran to Cage 's bedroom .
tr	O	It took some major connections of mine to help me find out where you were today , but I got here as quickly as I could .
tr	I	His voice raised an octave , and Trevor 's eyes grew huge .
tr	I	Then the world would die of fire , and it had been prophesied that the meteor would come .
tr	O	You could walk off a ways , and we 'll find out if I know what I 'm doing .
tr	I	Kat just made a mental note of the position of the cameras , but Bobby asked .
tr	O	Sye felt Eris ' hand on his opposite shoulder and she pulled him to her .
tr	O	Colt may act like Van was perfect , but every woman has some flaws .
tr	O	I felt mildly guilty about not telling Jenna , but I vowed I would tell her everything later .
tr	I	I try to breathe deeply without appearing obvious , and the same sharp pain hits my gut again .
tr	O	Things would reset tomorrow , but that would not help him if he didn 't know where he needed to be .
tr	I	They seemed just as stunned , and Aria looked at the others .
tr	I	That was the way she liked it , and no one ever really saw her beneath the shock factor .
tr	O	She might not want him there , but she needed him .
tr	O	The bed is unmade , and it smells of Willem .
tr	O	This vacation was good for them , but she really needed her mother now .
tr	O	I pinched the skin covering his abs and he squirmed .
tr	O	She looked down at her finger and there really was only one answer .
tr	I	I hadn 't seen any pictures of children in her office and Janet had alluded to being married to her job earlier today .
tr	I	They only gave an inch , but she clawed at the thick bars .
tr	I	It hits them like the slab metal of a sledge hammer and they realize the truth behind the propaganda .
tr	I	He needed something more than that , but yeah the sex was great .
tr	I	She was the best in the business , but he happened to know she worked both sides .
tr	I	She couldn 't quite hide her resentment , but Gran 's manager wasn 't overtly unfriendly .
tr	I	After a while , they stopped calling , and she didn 't call her friends back .
tr	O	I hadn 't been around that long ago , but certain things stayed the same through time .
tr	I	She will answer , and speak in blood .
tr	I	They died when I was so young , but I feel like I should .
tr	I	She just sat on the trunk to wait it out , and Karou had no doubt they were doing grievous damage to her makeup job .
tr	O	Somebody heard a scream , but nobody saw her dive .
tr	O	About a third of the Vikings had been and they reminded her of it vociferously .
tr	I	I delivered to him from Salford and he has acted on the suspect Sam .
tr	I	He could feel himself falling into the jagged blackness of despair and the thought of waiting hung heavy .
tr	I	His teeth wanted to chatter , which meant a stutter for sure , and this made Kirby even colder -- frozen even .
tr	O	His horse hit the far side of the oak , and it was as if a curtain peeled back .
tr	I	It was too late , but Balan shouted a warning to his wife .
tr	O	They reached a clearing , and Kelly 's breath caught .
tr	O	Their hair was disheveled from being smacked around and extra static kept it aloft towards the ceiling .
tr	O	You are the best , and I love you dearly .
tr	I	Her fingers twisted in my shirt and she kept her face turned away .
tr	I	I start to feel like how Sebastian felt just before he left for home and I spend the rest of the day in a haze .
tr	I	Instead , it was turning into a disaster , but this should be one of the more exciting days of my life .
tr	O	He really regretted having to retire but he knew he was getting a little old for that sort of thing .
tr	I	His irises were silver , his pupils shrunken to tiny pinpoints , even in the moody lighting and his fangs had descended .
tr	I	The garage lock down , and I took the liberty of checking Babel Tower 's security cameras .
tr	O	I was getting a magical workout either way , and although it helped to hone my skills , I was truly getting sick of it .
tr	I	He 'd had to give a speech about recycling , and we were at a school assembly my freshman year .
tr	O	Jello legs would inevitably ensue and I would wobble helplessly away .
tr	I	She obeyed , and Sebastian made her part her lips .
tr	O	All we need to do is bribe the right people as we enter the country , and we 'll slip right through .
tr	O	The woman left , and Grace felt terrible .
tr	O	My shirt creeps up my body , and I don 't pull it down , even when I feel cool air on my stomach .
tr	O	The air around them seemed to compress , and then it exploded outward with the sound of thunder .
tr	O	She 's been despondent all day and we cannot calm her down .
tr	I	We walked side-by-side down the hallway and Jacob let go of my arm .
tr	O	I felt vaguely ridiculous taking a scrawny kid in with me but I hadn 't had the chance to pick my own backup .
tr	O	He was afraid for her , afraid of what this would all turn out to be , but right now he couldn 't bring himself to care .
tr	I	Then everyone was cheering again , and a woman called behind me .
tr	I	I have to live with the regrets now and I made my choices all those years ago .
tr	I	She had to finish it fast and she had to get this right .
tr	O	He had been inside the shelter she 'd created , and only those with Carpathian blood could pass the shield .
tr	O	His face was pale and his hand was shaking .
tr	O	I stop moving and the sensation grows .
tr	O	He listed off her address and Olivia gazed into the distance .
tr	O	Much of it was still being worked on , but every room had been trashed .
tr	I	She hadn 't passed that detail along to her father , but Francesca had overheard Paris mention Butch 's sex addiction .
tr	O	Most of the other girls had stayed in the communal showers for longer , gossiping , but Emily was too spaced out to join them .
tr	I	He waited it out , but his stomach threatened again .
tr	O	There is a knock on the door and Billie goes to open it .
tr	O	He needed to change the subject , and he smiled at her .
tr	O	No , they had spoken of danger , but no one had specifically mentioned rats except the cockroaches .
tr	I	It hadn 't moved on from the three apartment blocks we 'd terrorized , but we could still hear the ruckus they were creating .
tr	I	He looked back up to me and I automatically brushed his cheek dry .
tr	I	In my heart , I wanted to run away , but he wanted me to surpass him .
tr	O	The protests should be over soon , in any case , and then they would have only the press to worry about .
tr	O	He was dressed casually and he left his briefcase in the car .
tr	O	Her voice was amused , but her eyes weren 't .
tr	I	He considered this slender , sweet woman a friend now but he asked , knowing he was breaching several house rules .
tr	O	I was still missing Denny , but hanging onto Kellan was nice .
tr	O	Gabriel wished he could stamp out that look for all time , but it was impossible .
tr	I	He could have stopped her from sacrificing herself for him and all he 'd had to do was pay attention .
tr	I	He didn 't turn away from her , but Adriane grimaced .
tr	I	For some unknown reason , he wanted me , and Logan Mason was a man who got what he wanted .
tr	I	He could see her hands clenched tightly together , and then she paced a few steps , turned .
tr	O	Marwan gave her a bear hug and she started sobbing on his shoulders .
tr	I	Still she looked off down the beach , but he wanted her to look at him .
tr	I	This time it 's a genuine one , if bittersweet , and I return his smile .
tr	I	His heart wasn 't in it , but Dave stepped in a couple of times .
tr	I	Making up lies to get out of practice wasn 't much better , and she told me that laziness was the worst trait in a man .
tr	O	Shaking , I tried to grip the armrests of the chair , but the chair wasn 't there anymore .
tr	I	There 'll be no stopping you if he wants it too and if you stay in this room you know what you 'll want .
tr	O	Her power was waning , but the prophet was blocked the exit .
tr	O	My name is Melissa and this is Meredith .
tr	O	The guard 's ordering me out , but by the shuffling that follows , I know Gale has somehow detained him .
tr	I	She felt her face flush and Genie 's heart stammered against her chest .
tr	I	She was in danger of burning holes in her feet but she might not break her neck .
tr	O	The driver 's side front wheel of the white sedan exploded and the car pulled off the road heavily leaning to one side .
tr	I	Then she smiled , and she looked insulted .
tr	I	No way were they going to suicide charge a heavily armoured vehicle and they 're not stupid .
tr	I	I can take care of myself , and I 'm a big girl now .
tr	I	I just didn 't want to give it up , and it was the one feminine aspect of my life .
tr	O	It was pink and it was awesome .
tr	O	He pointed it out to Nick and they followed its course as it disappeared from view , landing near the 101 Freeway .
tr	O	His eyes blazed , and his voice roughened .
tr	I	The name appears to have been hand carved across the top , and it 's made of wood , not cardboard .
tr	O	I 'm beginning to hate sex and I haven 't had it yet .
tr	O	There is an ache in my heart for her , but I know that she 's here in spirit .
tr	I	My voice is firm , but fear prickles my skin .
tr	O	She must have taken all of fifteen minutes to get ready , and that includes a shower .
tr	I	Maybe she could use a rebound , and Benji hadn 't reached out to her in days .
tr	I	She bit into her trembling bottom lip and her gaze clouded .
tr	I	There are deep lines next to his mouth , and Marcus 's forehead is creased , especially between the eyebrows .
tr	I	He was getting quite anxious that this should not be so , and Arguing would mean that Bill Door remained in the forge .
tr	O	Giselle 's shoulders slumped and she looked even more gaunt , which he hadn 't thought possible .
tr	I	Please don 't leave us , but we 'll find a way to get her .
tr	I	He pushed a stray tendril of hair behind her ear and his gaze softened .
tr	I	DARPA was persistent , but Richard secretly hoped that the enhancement program would be closed down .
tr	I	I 'm worried about you , but I know it 's hard .
tr	I	The final treasure was rumored to be an immense star bal , but through the last door they could see only a gigantic tree .
tr	O	I don 't want to lose my train of thought and that happens when you touch me .
tr	I	Ethan glanced in that direction , too , and Bart turned to stare at the trailer .
tr	O	Her gaze dropped to the damning evidence , and her heart nearly beat its way out of her chest .
tr	O	Once again that clock went off inside Marshall and the business side reigned supreme again .
tr	I	Suspected something had been strung up as a hasty security measure and he 'd caught a flash of light from the area twice .
tr	I	You have to promise to take me out there , and okay , I 'm wearing jeans tomorrow .
tr	I	They weren 't even on the ground yet and Captain Loc had lost five of the twelve men he started with .
tr	O	I do not know what he has planned , but I follow him blindly .
tr	O	The evening was fading to dusk , and Jamie wouldn 't leave my mind .
tr	I	He stared at me with abhorrence and the patient was very much awake .
tr	I	Eve could see how she had come to that pronouncement and Izzie had called him a gigolo .
tr	I	I couldn 't see the name imprinted on it and the card has been soaked in blood .
tr	I	Several pins left on the rotting stage but the map was missing entirely , leaving nothing .
tr	I	Cassidy couldn 't believe she 'd said that , and Diego 's eyes flickered .
tr	I	How could she say no to Lauren ... but she couldn 't lose Conlan again ?
tr	I	It was spectacular and I hadn 't seen a sunset in months .
tr	O	There was no way she could use teleportation , yet she 'd been a great distance from him .
tr	I	It appeared someone was skimming profits off the top , but after three months of operations the casino was making money .
tr	I	He thought she needed to shave her legs and she thought Phil needed to revise his expectations .
tr	O	At first he tried to talk , but when he saw I did not like it , he left off .
tr	I	He understood the problem immediately , and lucky for her , Gerhard was experienced in the construction trades .
tr	I	Its presence bothered me , but it was of cheap mahogany , like the rest of the furniture .
tr	I	I 'd be lying , but I 'd like to say that a lot was running through my mind at that moment .
tr	I	As he thought , his expression fell , but Nolen 's face looked a little confused .
tr	I	Luckily enough other seats had been found so that everyone could sit , but there was a big empty area where the sofa had been .
tr	O	I thought I knew how to block out the sounds , but when I was in the bar , I lost control .
tr	I	She rolled over to face me , putting her fingers lightly to my face and I squeezed her tighter .
tr	O	Every junior in the school had known for two weeks , and so far not even the faintest rumor had leaked out .
tr	I	Then I hear a voice , but I can still hear his breathing down the phone .
tr	I	I 've no choice other than to believe him , but I 'm still not sure if he 's telling the truth .
tr	I	Even mounting a proper guard was difficult with the manpower they had , and any number of the town 's dwellings stood vacant .
tr	O	Which is fine but it doesn 't really help in the examination .
tr	I	She was breathing very deeply and her cheeks were slightly red .
tr	O	She was gone longer than he 'd expected , and when she returned , her expression was troubled .
tr	I	The rest of the team mauls us , and Mitch crashes into me for a hug .
tr	O	I know I 'm hard on you about her , but it 's only because you two were so rocky that I knew it would cause problems .
tr	O	I wish I could explain , but that would defeat the purpose .
tr	O	He pulled the dress up past her hips , and then his breath stopped with a long groan .
tr	O	One man fought harder than all others , and Chief Aleksey Vasily sent bands to each city to muster what force could be gathered .
tr	O	People are moving in all different directions , but soon , we will reach a hallway that no one has any reason to walk down .
tr	O	Her tone was neutral but I sensed tension behind the suddenly serious blue gaze .
tr	O	A middle-aged couple turned to stare , and a dog began barking frantically .
tr	I	The guard , still under Adrian 's influence , blocked their way , but the two Alchemists tried to come after us .
tr	O	Once she missed school for an entire week , and Riley 's overactive imagination concocted an array of off-beat fantasies explaining her absence .
tr	I	I instinctively turned to look , but I don 't know why .
tr	I	We waited for some time to gather our composure , and the opera ended .
tr	I	The red-haired woman batted it away , but somebody flung a rock at him .
tr	I	That didn 't mean she wasn 't prepared , but he knew she wasn 't presently seeing anyone .
tr	I	She didn 't want to stop it , and Kelly knew exactly where they were headed .
tr	I	Carson had dragged Will to the Sand Hole , one of his favorite bars in San Diego and it was Monday night .
tr	I	Robyn made no comment and he replied .
tr	O	The tourists were piling in and there was fresh meat everywhere .
tr	I	She appeared to glow and Color came back in Katherine 's face .
tr	O	He 'd let sexual desire override his common sense , and now she was in danger .
tr	O	He 'd break something and the world would come to an end .
tr	I	The bulky footman watched her with his cold , blank stare , and Denis looked out the window as though Alice did not exist .
tr	O	She had tried to run and Fritz had always brought her back .
tr	O	Startled , her gaze flew to his , and her fingers clenched .
tr	I	You 'll find a complete record of it inscribed on a stele in a Las Vegas temple of gambling , and it was a fiercely fought battle .
tr	I	At least he 'd circumvented any requirement to do so , and making polite conversation with him would have been difficult .
tr	I	We shall see how well your spells defend you there , and I will send you to a place of true danger .
tr	I	Clary followed his gaze , and Jace 's eyes moved around the room .
tr	I	They were hesitant to ask either one about it , but the others noticed the change in both of them .
tr	I	His name was Melvin Jeffrey and he had the adoption papers .
tr	I	Parker was on her left and Faye was on her right .
tr	O	War with Canada had ended , and she belonged to the Empire .
tr	O	Chapter Forty-seven I used my temporary security pass to enter the back room and although it was still daytime , you would never know in here .
tr	O	They visited for some time about their journeys , and Heather told him how Jason was dreaming of trying to sail around the entire world .
tr	O	We locked eyes and in his beautiful blues , he was telling me to stay calm .
tr	O	No one spoke to her and she saw no aid workers .
tr	O	It looked like a muster drill aboard a cruise ship , just before drinks were poured and the ship sailed for a tropical paradise .
tr	O	She had to bite her lips to keep his name unsaid , and a moan rose in her throat .
tr	I	She cried out again and he banged her shoulder into the wall .
tr	I	He was not enthused with the idea of having strangers trudging through his house but he knew he needed help .
tr	I	She ignored them , but her fangs burned .
tr	O	The waters would rise around our house , and we would have no place to go .
tr	I	She could see everything and they were stood at the far end of the city walls , right above the cliff drop below .
tr	I	It was equally obvious that it was also the reason for the enemy invasion , and there was no other reason to defend the area .
tr	O	It was only a few more steps to Edan , and the man dropped to his knees .
tr	O	We have rented them and they are paid for .
tr	I	That didn 't mean anything , but he wasn 't a registered practitioner .
tr	I	You never have your finger on the trigger unless you plan to fire it , and the end you point must always be pointed away from people .
tr	O	Kevlar vests will keep the bullets from tearing into your body , but the impact will still leave a horrible bruise .
tr	I	It wasn 't the place and it wasn 't the time .
tr	I	His legs were stuck , but he tried to run .
tr	O	Tick felt a flutter of confusion , but Sofia spoke up before he could .
tr	I	My heart started to heave in my chest and I looked out the window again .
tr	O	She 's gripping the edge of the counter hard , and her mouth is open , frozen on an inhale .
tr	O	She was in the bedroom and it felt like her own private spa .
tr	I	I hope she doesn 't look too deeply because I 'm not sure what she 'll find , and her eyes search mine .
tr	O	There was danger out there somewhere , and he had to find its path .
tr	I	This is the image that popped into his head , but when I asked Sam if he knew where they went , he said no .
tr	I	Annie could read between the lines but Grant didn 't openly acknowledge that .
tr	I	He doesn 't move , but he 's so close .
tr	I	Javier didn 't care , but it wasn 't elegant .
tr	O	Amy stood smiling devilishly and as Lizzie came near she began to talk .
tr	I	It must be pretty bad considering his alarmed expression , but I don 't know exactly how I look .
tr	I	She seems startled by it and a tear escapes one eye .
tr	I	She didn 't want Joe to be part of this terrible process and because she felt more at home with someone she considered beneath her ?
tr	I	I 'm testing it out and I just set up the system .
tr	O	Just then the bell rang and everyone filed back into school .
tr	I	Though she didn 't worship at Bellevue she knew someone who did , and Gran 's older daughter , my aunt Betty , lived in Memphis .
tr	I	An acrid smoky taste slid over her tongue , and her eyes burned .
tr	O	It killed me to see her like this and I knew then I couldn 't leave her .
tr	I	Rage drove me now , but I hadn 't been able to take down that mountain lion .
tr	O	The reception area , which hadn 't existed until a few hours ago , was far from perfect , but it was a start .
tr	O	He said her name and she fell against him .
tr	I	God knows what and it 's littered with rocks .
tr	I	You could be there , too , and the Crypt could be that club .
tr	I	She was missing a big hunk of something between her ears , but it wasn 't exactly nice .
tr	I	He grunted and Chapter Twenty Rose stood so quickly that she stepped on Sasha 's foot .
tr	I	His expression hardened , and his other eye narrowed .
tr	O	There was no noise , no sound of confidence , but it fit ; my heart leapt sickly .
tr	O	The genotype was recognizable and that first name was suggestive .
tr	I	Julia sat on the edge of the bed she knew she 'd share with Gio that night , and he closed the door behind him .
tr	I	My sister isn 't an idle person , but it 's not going to be pretty .
tr	O	I know I shouldn 't have barged in like that , but I was so angry with him .
tr	I	He leaned over and papa 's attention dropped to the desk .
tr	I	A storm is predicted for tomorrow and I am not expected at Sanctuary for two more weeks .
tr	I	I swallow and my voice trembles .
tr	O	I pulled myself up , using the walls to support me , but the walls were coated in slime that oozed onto my hands .
tr	O	Milo needs a mother , and he can 't have that if you 're gone .
tr	I	I am strong and I am big .
tr	I	Now she was back , but she 'd run out after Quinn .
tr	O	The mother looked tired and the kids looked fractious .
tr	I	That could 've been partly her fault , but Oh granted he once frightened her on the front porch .
tr	I	I sank onto a nearby rock , and my arm throbbed .
tr	I	His voice spoke of jarring tone and his face was desolated .
tr	I	His skin was pale and his hair was grey .
tr	O	His dark irises hold a world of emotion , and though the desire is still there , there 's something deeper too .
tr	I	From here , I won 't be able to hear them , but I move cautiously toward the window .
tr	I	I could see sweat pebble along Maggie 's collar bone and the sun was hot .
tr	I	Still we both remained silent , but I heard the door close behind him .
tr	I	He sat on the floor between her knees while she brushed the tangles from his hair , and she perched on the edge of the bed .
tr	O	He was in the middle of a great run down a double diamond and we were all racing down the slope .
tr	I	Within seconds the door was open , and I heard Bethany say something incoherently .
tr	I	There was no one left to spell her , but she looked as though stubborn will alone was keeping her from collapsing .
tr	O	Annie thought to herself that Nate obviously hadn 't had much conversation with Miss Nancy , but he did have a point .
tr	O	His mind wandered as he walked , but his feet knew to take him to the same room he had visited for years .
tr	I	It was somehow consumed with a nameless fear , yet my mind was still blank .
tr	I	Cara definitely wouldn 't mind continuing their time together , and it had been too long since Alexa had given herself permission to relax .
tr	I	Nikki settled herself into her recliner and he sat down on the couch .
tr	O	Because they are all here , they are all waiting ... but they won 't wait forever .
tr	I	I couldn 't catch up , but I kept running after you as they pulled you away .
tr	O	The elevator doors binged open and a man in a tuxedo stabbed a Hitchcock blonde through the throat with what looked like a letter opener .
tr	O	She held out her hands and he took them in his .
tr	I	I turned back to the guy I was healing , and my heart skipped .
tr	O	His cheeks were flushed , and his slightly pointy nose was still a little shiny from being freshly scrubbed .
tr	I	She shivered , a tiny little moan slipping past her lips , and his tongue darted out to flick across the pulse hammering at her throat .
tr	O	He 'd been oddly quiet throughout the encounter with Mark , and Clary was startled to hear him speak now .
tr	O	My lungs burn even more fiercely and I fall once again to my knees , panting hard for breath .
tr	I	It felt good and my body felt electrically charge .
tr	I	She reached for my hand , and her blue eyes filled with concern .
tr	I	All the staff were kept busy and soon the patients began to arrive .
tr	I	We both know it and that 's a lie .
tr	O	Avril never woke , and I kept the dream to myself .
tr	O	Shane 's body shuddered as he collapsed , and Duncan dragged the vamp out of there .
tr	I	That 's all and he is blind .
tr	I	You made me believe in myself , and you 've always believed in me .
tr	I	If only he would give her more , faster , she knew it would get better , and each slide was an agony of ecstasy .
tr	O	She is a great healer , and it shows in her work .
tr	I	She couldn 't remember anyone by that name , but Daphne could have worked at the museum before she left .
tr	I	I summon all my strength to fight the shaking of my body and my stomach is in knots .
tr	O	Something big crashed onto the tree behind her and the entire tree shook , nearly dislodging her .
tr	I	For the actual wedding , she hadn 't given a honeymoon any thought and Maryellen had been so involved with plans for her move .
tr	O	She couldn 't see them , but some innate sense coaxed her to scoot back .
tr	O	She called after me but I was already gone .
tr	I	This was not his real home , but there is no doubt he would have lived here , some times .
tr	I	I didn 't abide by the rules , and you asked for the summer .
tr	I	Tightened his jaw , as if desperately trying to pay attention to her words instead of her half-naked body and he swallowed hard .
tr	O	I don 't understand you , but I do love you .
tr	O	She didn 't cry again , but she stayed close to me , burrowing as close against my chest as she could get .
tr	O	There could be a number of things out there in the darkness watching him and he 'd never know .
tr	I	It was almost like a touch of honey , but there was something else there that Selena couldn 't describe .
tr	I	He pins his palms to his temples , and the man 's face is contorted with pain .
tr	O	She looked weak , almost helpless , but there was something in her eye that scared the shit out of me .
tr	O	As the clone transforms , they are thrown back , and the giant , red apparition stands .
tr	O	The sirens feel muted on this level , like a distant threat that means little anymore , and I realize I must be close .
tr	O	Jenny didn 't , but she felt sure he was going to tell them anyway .
tr	O	George puts his arm across Amar 's shoulders , and they grin at each other .
tr	I	I knew there must be a reason Dank didn 't tell me and I 'd had enough time to think about it .
tr	I	It terrified me and I saw a gun at his hip as he held out his hand .
tr	O	I 'd done a lot of fighting last night , and my stress level had been pretty high .
tr	O	They could remain concealed in the dense bush , and it would be better than sitting around waiting .
tr	I	I can 't imagine what it is , but something is wrong .
tr	I	I wasn 't okay generally but I was okay that day .
tr	O	I lightly dabbed at it and his skin tightened as the wipe made contact .
tr	O	I 'm a big believer in the value of education , and even if this helps your business take off , you must finish your degree .
tr	O	Her response to his touch had been everything a man could ever dream of , and he 'd been just as hot for her .
tr	I	Will said we weren 't -- but I had worried that we were making it too obvious .
tr	I	I 'd damn sure given you the twice over , but you might not have given me a second look .
tr	O	She would escape the spell eventually but it would take thousands of years .
tr	I	They should have burned him , sure as acid , but the ashes had stung .
tr	O	My lips curved and I realized with some shock that I was smiling - something I rarely did .
tr	I	He had found her , and he was real .
tr	I	His breathing became regular , and his head sagged .
tr	O	Her fingers curled around the steering wheel , and for the longest time she simply stared forward out of the windshield .
tr	O	It seemed silly under the circumstances , but he had asked .
tr	I	She held her head steady , but Emma could feel her lip trembling .
tr	O	Catherine plays three instruments , but she does not sing .
tr	I	You break all of ' em , and I take you to town to sell eggs .
tr	O	My mother wasn 't mad , as far as I could tell , but she was constantly eyeing both of us in the rear view mirror .
tr	I	At practice it was necessary for us to work together as a team , but Tucker hated me from a distance for most of the day .
tr	O	He didn 't trust most of these people , and he sure as hell didn 't trust Max .
tr	O	Warner had been trying to help her , and he didn 't know how .
tr	O	I was the recipient of another long stare , but this one held a glimmer of respect .
tr	O	Now I 'm very much alone , and it feels wrong .
tr	I	Nothing was out of the ordinary , but he glanced around at his surroundings .
tr	O	A tank dress was no different than a nightgown and I wasn 't chummy enough with her to sleep nak * d .
tr	O	I turned to Malik , pleading , but he stood like a cold statue .
tr	I	He obliged , and she needed him desperately .
tr	O	Vampires were immortals after all , and it never paid to make an enemy of any of them .
tr	O	Daddy was thrilled to be a grandpa , and mother was overjoyed to have two grandchildren .
tr	O	Cassidy masked her interest with a yawn , but the guards came alert .
tr	I	From his point , that was exactly what Misty was doing and he would not let himself be manipulated .
tr	I	I stayed at a hotel and she stayed in the penthouse .
tr	I	Each gave me hope that everything would be okay , and they seemed to shrink as we went along , making room for the new ones .
tr	O	His mouth slides into a smile , and I catch him quickly scanning my body .
tr	I	He was avoiding Debbie 's eye contact with stupendous control and his arms were crossed .
tr	O	He wanted to let her have it , but now was not the time .
tr	O	Anyway he was selling some stuff , but he wanted too much for it .
tr	O	The soil here is rich , and when it embraces you , its healing properties rejuvenate you .
tr	O	A grey mist billowed out and he stepped back , sniffing .
tr	I	Her voice caught low in her throat , but Natalie tried to speak .
tr	O	Melanie seemed uncomfortable , and then she sighed .
tr	O	The Smurf didn 't want to wake up , either , and she whirred like a dying cat before finally starting up .
tr	O	It had felt like a real home to her , and she did miss it .
tr	I	I wanted to stay here instead , but I knew I had to leave , to go to college .
tr	I	She didn 't , but I asked her if she knew where they were now .
tr	I	With such powerful firmness , they all jumped , but Dorian stated quietly .
tr	I	I put my arms around his neck , burying my face between his shoulder blades , and he bends .
tr	I	She beat me to it but I was just about to speak .
tr	I	This isn 't the big city , but no lights shine inside the cabin .
tr	O	I need your help , and I need it fast .
tr	I	He was good for things like that , but his dad wasn 't good for much .
tr	I	He started his explanation over and she did as he said .
tr	I	No one gave me any shocked looks , but I felt conspicuous walking through the lobby .
tr	I	I tell you I was that nervous , and she tells me to set down the tray on the table in front of them .
tr	I	Before it could catch up , another shadow dropped , and my brain was slow to process what was happening .
tr	I	One of us was going to have to speak , but I wasn 't sure if he was staying for dinner .
tr	O	She didn 't consider herself the most interesting person in the world , but surely she had more going for her than her date this evening .
tr	I	It wasn 't an experience I wanted to repeat , and I 'd never been punched , however .
tr	O	We watched each other 's backs and we didn 't try to break down one of our over petty jealousy shit .
tr	O	My tight body got tighter but he stopped five feet away .
tr	I	I immediately see the distance I 'm about to fall and the force of the waves pound me over the edge .
tr	O	No one else could do this and to be honest - not many wanted to .
tr	O	She moaned his name with passion and it sent him into a frenzy .
tr	O	Seconds passed like minutes , and minutes dragged like hours .
tr	O	I may not believe much in prophecy , but I have come to believe in you .
tr	I	I repressed a shiver at the memory , and an image of Jax 's violent beating flashed through my mind .
tr	O	The sound of the cresting waves filled the air , and somewhere in the distance he heard a crow shriek .
tr	O	She was a mature adult just as he was , and when she made a commitment , she kept it .
tr	O	It was reliable method and it worked every time .
tr	O	I was an idiot , and all this time he 'd played me .
tr	O	They had decided to travel in one vehicle , and since the cruisers would not accommodate six people , Boo was the obvious choice .
tr	I	Veena looks way surprised , but I 'm pleased that Dad is proud of me .
tr	I	They 'd been cruelly parted because she became pregnant for Evie and he 'd enjoyed a teenage romance with her mother .
tr	I	Strands of it stick against my face and my hair falls out of its neat bun .
tr	O	She could feel the skin of her face come alive , and the air stirring around her .
tr	I	His hand went through , but Vic tried to tap my shoulder .
tr	I	You 're very lucky to have him , and that 's a rare breed , child .
tr	I	She 's gone bright red and her aura is embarrassed now .
tr	I	I just wasn 't hungry anymore , but I knew I needed to eat .
tr	O	Business was booming , and we were too ignorant to see that we were supplying the means of our own downfall .
tr	O	My cries echoed amongst the trees , but I was alone .
tr	I	I grinned suddenly , and my back straightened .
tr	O	Kul 's roar was deafening and the ensuing sand storm was the worst yet .
tr	O	The backstage door creaked , and I realized how close we were .
tr	I	It couldn 't keep its solid form , but the shadow cat probably weighed around forty pounds , all muscle .
tr	O	He said he wanted to come see all of Mab 's treasures , but really , I think he just wanted to socialize with his clients .
tr	I	I just couldn 't stop and I broke into a crying fit .
tr	O	said Calliope as we waited for Henry to return , and she scratched Pogo 's pink belly .
tr	I	His dabbling frequently ends up being disastrous , and Father has an overpowering urge to dabble in things .
tr	I	That fact warmed him , and he knew Fionn had her back .
tr	O	There didn 't seem to be any evidence of an imminent attack , but everyone was on guard none the less -- except for the porter .
tr	O	I tried not to flinch , but of course , Caden caught it , instantly shifting his mouth to the side of my neck .
tr	O	My dad taps his thumb on the railing , and Mom just stands quietly .
tr	I	She shakes her head and I ask .
tr	O	I just wanted to personally welcome you to the team and if you have any concerns at all , I have an open door policy .
tr	O	They needed more time to set the explosion , and I needed some sort of miracle to get Rob free .
tr	O	His voice grew quiet , his jaw taut , but his eyes , locked on Tristan 's , burned with warning .
tr	I	Suddenly he looked like he had an idea , and Ben saw that .
tr	I	There is no Afterlife and there are no Gods .
tr	O	Christine said nothing , and after a moment , Mamma put her hand on Christine 's comfortingly .
tr	O	In three weeks , he could hold her forever , but until then , he couldn 't see her again .
tr	O	They had been working hard and he was short of breath .
tr	I	I needed my time alone , but it 's not like I had a death wish .
tr	O	We kept seeing you there , every night , but you looked like you loved it .
tr	I	Her lips formed that freakish smile and when she saw Dorothy , she blinked with glittering eyes filled with greed .
tr	O	You still sit together in class , but it 's different now .
tr	O	I may have left my pride on the dance floor that night , but I certainly won 't do it again tonight .
tr	O	I sucked in a breath suddenly and Micah chuckled .
tr	O	Durrant knew he was being worked , but it was difficult to get angry .
tr	I	It was not an unfamiliar feeling , but I was heartbroken .
tr	I	I lacked the motive and I have said I lacked the ability .
tr	O	Communicating ... and having ... feelings for a God , a King should possess .
tr	I	Nothing came out , but her mouth opened .
tr	I	It wasn 't Terrance 's , but a strong , familiar voice asked .
tr	I	Cara sits at another , and Marcus sits at one of the computers .
tr	O	His hands swept over her naked skin with such tenderness , as if she was made from fragile porcelain and he was afraid to break her .
tr	I	Charlie always felt crowded , but the food was excellent .
tr	I	I guessed it was from the refueling , but there was a taint of oil in the air .
tr	O	Night has completely fallen and the first thing that hits me is the sight of my rig burning in the foreground .
tr	I	She was there and I needed comfort .
tr	O	Willow saw several emotions cross Declan 's face , but then he just ended up looking pissed off .
tr	I	The twisted irony of it was not lost upon him , and he still couldn 't quite understand it .
tr	O	I couldn 't see anyone side , but there were guards walking , patrolling .
tr	O	Before Derek could respond , class started and their algebra instructor was the football coach who didn 't tolerate any idle chitchat whatsoever .
tr	O	I shoot Will a glance and he ignores my silent protest .
tr	O	Its eyes were watery , and its lips were pursed tight with bitter judgment .
tr	I	I knew it and it was terrible .
tr	O	I open my mouth in outrage , but I 'm too furious for words .
tr	I	She was thrown to the bed , and he kicked opened the door .
tr	O	She 's searching for hope , and I have none to offer .
tr	I	Otto went crashing into the far wall and Nick threw his hand out .
tr	O	It meant that he was on the right track to finding an answer , but Nemesis wasn 't about to give it to him .
tr	I	When she was done , she returned to the chair just across from Zoe and it only took her a moment to finish the task .
tr	I	The skull crashed to flaming bits under his swinging sword , and with a curse Valerian leaped , lithe as a panther .
tr	O	I want him to start speaking , but for once he seems lost words , nervously fiddling with his wooden jacket buttons .
tr	O	She 'd proven to herself that she could do it , but she didn 't want to continue .
tr	I	He had to make the suggestion , but it wasn 't what he wanted .
tr	O	He had suggested she join AA but she had said no , there was no way the Mayor 's wife could show up to AA .
tr	I	It vanished , but I tried to correspond using one of the diaries that I had packed .
tr	I	We were still for a moment and I wrapped my legs around his waist .
tr	I	I advise you to remember my answer , and I am glad you raised the point .
tr	O	Very wicked of him , but it had been worth it .
tr	O	He 's suddenly excited , and he rubs his hands together .
tr	O	She fell back , heading right for the floor , but strong arms caught her before she slammed down .
tr	O	Paul released the pebbles from his hand and they splattered on to the sand .
tr	O	Anything we had ever shared together ( which right now looked like nothing ) was gone and I had to move on .
tr	I	I shook it , and he held out his hand .
tr	O	She looked back at the stage and I followed her gaze .
tr	O	This promotion would include a very large pay raise and it would put him in a position of importance .
tr	O	Iona liked Clay , but she felt a little uneasy with him .
tr	I	No one has found any leads , but Command is actively searching for them .
tr	O	He had a cup of coffee in his hand , and the ends of his dark hair were still wet .
tr	O	Not because she 'd done anything to make him think she actually had feelings for him , but something had changed .
tr	I	I knew this and I 'd been in Cressida 's presence for an hour .
tr	O	The drop was barely ten feet , and the snow drift below his window broke his fall easily .
tr	O	Glass shattered and as I closed my eyes I saw a fine mist of red .
tr	O	Logan Whittaker , another partner in the firm , was also working on J.D. 's will but he hadn 't been any more forthcoming than Walter .
tr	O	My lips started shaking and I had to take a second to calm down .
tr	I	Already Pilcher is breathless , his legs threatening to seize up with cramps , and they walk toward a Humvee parked at the entrance to a tunnel .
tr	I	Laurence was there an hour later , and Delilah give him her address .
tr	I	He best just stay out of it and he feels that he 's just beginning to be friends with Ron .
tr	O	Susannah was paying the private investigator to track Jake down , but all this time he 'd been practically under their noses .
tr	O	Jimmy 's invention had failed , and yet they had gotten through the force field .
tr	O	His expression was more enigmatic than usual , and she unintentionally blushed .
tr	I	I looked up and he didn 't shy away .
tr	I	Sara tried to engage their father in conversation and Charles quickly scooted around to his seat .
tr	I	We do have manners , but we may be yokels up here .
tr	O	My stomach became further ill , and I didn 't know why .
tr	O	She didn 't say it but he understood what she meant .
tr	I	I don 't regret that for a second , and I gave it to you .
tr	I	It was too much for me , but he was looking for another tag .
tr	O	They needed my help because he is an actor and he 's well-protected .
tr	I	He no longer cared for anything except his dry throat , but in his haste he banged his shoulder on one .
tr	O	I looked over my shoulder to sneak a glance at the handsome man , but he was nowhere to be found .
tr	I	The tremors began to ease away but Rosebud , fitting easily into her palm , licked her little lips nervously .
tr	O	The store also served as the post office and he was surprised to find that he had received a letter .
tr	O	Any grin from J.C. looks half like a scowl , but I 'd long ago learned to stop being intimidated by him .
tr	I	It doesn 't work , but I try the current code on my phone .
tr	I	She was wanted as a material witness , but they had arrested him for the murder .
tr	I	We stopped at Victor 's car and we walked out to the parking lot .
tr	I	It was obvious that it had troubled her greatly , but he did not know what had happened with Luther .
tr	I	I couldn 't recall , but I tried to remember if I had seen her hanging out with any particular crowd .
tr	O	Other people develop Diabetes , usually through overeating , and they do have the disease because their bodies previously experienced life without it .
tr	I	We did and Jones shouted .
tr	I	I feel my stomach muscles contract as my breath catches in my throat and he slides one finger , then another , easily into my vagina .
tr	I	It wasn 't a brilliant , bright one either and a new world had suddenly crashed into my consciousness .
tr	O	His body sagged and he looked absolutely crestfallen .
tr	I	Others were in the direct sunlight and some were shaded with enormous trees .
tr	O	I scrambled to my feet again and my gun clattered to the floor .
tr	I	My frantic heartbeat starts to slow and the pressure on my chest begins to lessen .
tr	I	It was anybody 's guess what gender he was , but Thomas Jefferson wore his trademark powdered wig .
tr	O	Cameron turned around , retrieved the scissors , and she cut through the clear packing tape around the sides of the box .
tr	O	Her head bent lower , and still she said nothing .
tr	I	Charles was in the hallway , but I didn 't see Ian .
tr	I	The announcer cautioned everyone to prepare for power outages and the storm cell headed their way looked pretty serious .
tr	O	He gripped my hips to the point where I thought his fingers might leave bruises , but I didn 't care .
tr	O	The bell rang , and everyone stood .
tr	O	The time on my imaginary clock was probably up to a full minute , and the building was still in one piece .
tr	O	He was being slowly pulled , and though he was sure he wasn 't moving , somehow he was getting closer .
tr	I	Of course there was Rose , and he had not nearly accomplished everything he wished to do there .
tr	O	He is very weak and no match for our kind , not really .
tr	I	His brother cuts him off , but he looks ready to ask another question .
tr	O	Two police officers flanked it , and when they noticed me trying to peer in , one of them moved to close it .
tr	I	There were simply too many watching for Ant to be able to make his move and he reached his BMW around thirty seconds before Ant got there .
tr	O	Bruce caught two of them in his side and his bird was snagged by one as well .
tr	I	He planned to follow as soon as he could and she 'd driven herself .
tr	O	He opened the door , and I followed him in .
tr	O	He 's been a lawman most of his adult life and I think he really knows what he 's doing too .
tr	O	I seen plenty , but I ain 't never seen that .
tr	O	Now the houses were older , and this time everything was familiar .
tr	O	This task seemed difficult at first , but her overly cautious behavior slowed her down .
tr	O	When you tackle any subject matter you educate yourself but your education continues also after the art is done .
tr	O	You won 't believe this , but a ghost tried to seduce me .
tr	O	Shortly , we arrived at the small creek we had ridden through , but by now it had become a raging torrent .
tr	I	He stared at her , and Tyrone 's black hair was cut short .
tr	I	She never said what the truth was , but Maggie often mentioned telling Sam the truth .
tr	I	Her lips that were once red are blue and she 's wearing a long , floral dress .
tr	I	As it opened , I started to cry and I knocked on the door .
tr	I	Nothing can overtake this pain I feel , but I should be elated at the sight .
tr	O	Atlas didn 't know it , but she had been a drug addict on the streets of Oklahoma .
tr	O	His eyes are a little maniacal , and they bounce from one place to another .
tr	I	My heart started beating again and I sucked in a breath .
tr	O	Gently she pulled his head against the softness of her belly , and then slowly she knelt until she was looking up at his face .
tr	O	She 'd expected him to signal the pilot , but instead he sat back , looking more determined than before .
tr	I	That made him feel very vulnerable and the men that were killed last night were his secret special forces .
tr	O	His teeth grazed her , but he did not bite .
tr	I	Nothing happened , but I waited for a few moments , hoping my eyes would adjust .
tr	O	It smelled good , but Sadie didn 't want to waste any time .
tr	I	Now I 'm too old to straighten them out , and I didn 't see that until it was too late , of course .
tr	O	We have been pushed south and our people have suffered greatly .
tr	I	It didn 't take Savanna long to feel it for herself and I could feel myself getting hard .
tr	I	Charlie produced a new rug for which he charged the jeweller a massively inflated price and the wooden floor boards were washed .
tr	I	The scream had not come from her throat , but the woman 's body wracked in their grip .
tr	O	The thunder had abated , and now only a faint drizzle fell .
tr	O	Gwen calls out a yes , then Lennox is leaving , and Kalli is turning to go back to the dressing room .
tr	O	I haven 't been paying attention , but this part stabs my brain .
tr	I	John felt no sympathy , but she was weeping now .
tr	O	He 'd made comments before about her long line of lovers , and he 'd thought she meant to dally with them both .
tr	O	Another steamy bath would have been nice , but the running water might disturb the baby .
tr	O	His profile was as strong in sleep as awake , but there was something more vulnerable about him .
tr	I	The city streets were quiet , and it was after midnight .
tr	O	She sighed and her warm , chocolate gaze caught mine .
tr	I	This did not matter , but of course there was no ledge there a minute ago .
tr	O	Their journey was incredible -- but that was the problem .
tr	O	She had been trying to quit , but stress made people do stupid things .
tr	O	It only contained a few articles of clothing anyway and I was sure it was not George Marshall 's .
tr	I	She appeared as if she might faint , and her face flushed a deep red .
tr	I	Everything would be as it should be and I prayed that I would wake up .
tr	O	Her nose wrinkled and she jerked back , looked at me .
tr	I	He didn 't fight me on it , but I was the one who ended it .
tr	O	I rub my hands over his arms to warm him , but his clothes are dripping with seawater , his entire body shivering .
tr	O	I was going to tell you but my mom came home too soon .
tr	O	The vacuum cleaner silenced and he still hadn 't convinced her .
tr	I	She smiled , and Lucas 's voice pulled her attention up .
tr	I	I slapped him on the back , and then it caught me .
tr	I	My eyes drifted down to the perfect heart arch , and her lips parted , her breath picking up pace .
tr	I	My entire body threatened to collapse and my eyes burned .
tr	I	The sycophantic women chortled on cue , and Ashleigh impersonated Dawn 's chuckle perfectly .
tr	I	His face came into focus and I looked at the guy again .
tr	O	Okay , maybe not more shocked , but I was pretty shocked .
tr	I	He preferred it to the scent of blood , but its foreignness stung his nostrils .
tr	O	Cora 's hands flew sharply to her mouth , suppressing a gasp and she pushed herself past the group to the faint , glowing prison .
tr	I	With a highly qualified pilot on board , he was going to have some fun but the landing could be done by the computer .
tr	I	I would never hurt you , but I have some dominant tendencies .
tr	O	The Artists ' Guild thought the Temple had put them up , and the Temple thought the Artists had .
tr	O	A few people were out walking , but Jessie was not in sight .
tr	O	He seemed taken aback , but I nodded furiously , avoiding eye contact .
tr	O	Fitch 's people were checking , but no one expected to find anything .
tr	I	I could dream , but I didn 't think either of those options were a possibility .
tr	I	In a few seconds , he scraped Ainsley 's ball back to bare mud , and his longer arm allowed his mallet to reach under the brush .
tr	I	Her lip began to tremble , and she flinched at my tone .
tr	O	She leaned in closer and I held her tight .
tr	O	You see I 've been looking carefully at all the young married couples and this is what I see .
tr	O	Fletcher did not speak to her , and Tammy did not speak to him .
tr	I	My confidence grew exponentially and she blushed beneath me .
tr	O	His hood was down and his bronze eyes glared at me .
tr	I	He wasn 't strong enough , but he tried to follow me .
tr	O	The cartridge disappeared into the night , and I landed hard on the ground .
tr	I	The trout were in a positive frenzy , but I 'm not sure exactly why .
tr	I	She too returned to the Parker 's house , and Renny 's work was done at the household .
tr	I	I didn 't think I was doing so bad , but I know I 'm not anywhere near my classmates .
tr	O	Katie had a bright purple helmet and Jason 's was red .
tr	I	We began to see this demon , but at first we suspected our own as though a criminal lived among us .
tr	O	His good-natured laughter warmed the whole table , but Luciana looked furious .
tr	O	He agreed not to press charges last week because of it , but I 'm not supposed to go back there .
tr	O	She knew the occupants of the town house to the right of hers , but the left had been let out recently .
tr	I	Suddenly you 're choosing now to get upset , and humiliating you was the cornerstone of the agreement .
tr	I	She had no choice in the matter , and everything about her would change .
tr	O	He offered her his arm , and they set off down the road together .
tr	O	Sure , they had a piece of pizza , but that only brought peace to their digestive systems .
tr	I	I definitely knew I was scared out of my mind , but I had not the slightest idea what it was then .
tr	O	Sally was sympathetic , but Paolo 's just below the surface awareness of doom was hard for her .
tr	O	His fries spilled onto the grass , but he wasn 't bothered .
tr	I	He knew what he wanted to do , what needed to be done and a profound sensation of love swept through him once more .
tr	O	I knew we had to deal with funeral arrangements , but a few hours wouldn 't have made a difference .
tr	O	His face is solemn , but I recognize him immediately .
tr	O	A linebacker chopped his knees , but he kept his legs churning .
tr	I	He knew that they had an extra bedroom , but he didn 't know where all of this would go .
tr	I	His visits had become more infrequent , and he never did .
tr	I	It was worth the risk to be here now , but there were so many things that could go wrong , like I could have easily died .
tr	I	The 64th was in Trinidad , and the 40th was in Panama .
tr	I	His chest rumbles with a groan against me , and I place a small kiss there , so he knows that my stopping wasn 't a rejection .
tr	I	That in turn made it impossible for me to escape my memories when I was around him , and he knew too much about me .
tr	O	He will be their savior , yet they shall call him heretic .
tr	I	She wouldn 't have that decision to make and maybe Myles would take it away .
tr	O	Rigel moved , letting me up , and I twisted around quickly to check on him .
tr	I	She told her everything was fine and Nora called right after breakfast to see how she was .
tr	O	She probably assumed he was listening to the souls , and he didn 't correct her .
tr	I	There is no boon equal to this , and I can have no greater teacher than you .
tr	O	I heard someone shout that they were losing him , and I did something no human being should ever do .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop myself , but I knew it was mean .
tr	O	She had fooled her parents for long enough , but now she had to tell them she was in the Army .
tr	O	Sarah nodded and Agatha cackled in glee .
tr	I	My face flushed hot and y my arms tingled .
tr	O	Abby wondered if they 'd taken a short cut and she hadn 't noticed .
tr	O	Granted , it was junk food , but at least they wouldn 't be hungry .
tr	O	She was still dizzy , but the nausea had passed .
tr	O	I still flinched when she pressed the pad into my skin , but at least I didn 't act like a cat on a hot tin roof .
tr	O	Nothing has been clear , and nothing has been specific .
tr	I	She opened her mouth for another spoonful , and he asked .
tr	I	He managed to resist the temptation , but somehow , Dimitri wasn 't sure where he found the energy .
tr	I	As he closed the door behind him , her greeting was cheerful , and a stout middle-aged woman was behind the counter .
tr	O	Amy sat inside the tire and I swung her on it .
tr	O	The other hostages had been properly cowed , and I doubted anyone else would be stupid enough to try anything .
tr	I	He was okay with it but it was a direct violation of one of Corporate 's directives to always have the radio on in the reception area .
tr	O	The pursuers asked me where my robots were and I told them I had sent them away .
tr	O	He pushed my thighs open , and the light in his eyes got brighter .
tr	O	I tried to rise , but he kept me pressed to the bed with a squeeze of his arms , a flex of his hips .
tr	O	Finals are in three weeks and I can 't study at home .
tr	O	He studies the scrapes for a moment , but they must all be minor because he abandons that foot to pull up the other .
tr	O	They were safe in Holland , and he was out of time .
tr	I	That is that I did not meet with Nicholas last Friday , and there is one thing you should know up front .
tr	O	Now she was older , wiser , and she was strong enough to survive .
tr	O	His shoulders were broad , and despite the scar that cut along the edge of his jaw , he was a handsome man .
tr	O	Oliver was already in the locker room , and Bryce hit him as we went by .
tr	O	Andrea had , but she was too distracted to think about that right now .
tr	I	He studied my face and his eyes narrowed .
tr	I	It does , but I don 't know why that makes me laugh .
tr	I	He heard the same click , and he input the same five digits .
tr	I	All would be done and he simply needed to speak to the girl 's father .
tr	O	Things were going to be tougher now and she does not know if she could hold on that longer .
tr	I	You won 't be able to get out , or be sure to keep the key on you to open it from the inside .
tr	O	Her name is Lilith and she 's a succubus .
tr	I	Again , he flew backward , but he launched at her again .
tr	I	The school looked like it did every other day and the fire was gone .
tr	O	You could judge a person by what he said , but Sarah had always believed that a person 's true nature was revealed in his actions .
tr	I	I clutch her as tightly as she clutches me , and we kneel together on the stone floor .
tr	I	She looks away , and her face pales .
tr	O	Fear burns away with mounting anger and I jerk my hand out of his , ignoring the slash along my side from the violence of my rejection .
tr	O	He hadn 't realized how tired he was , and the day-long drinking binge had taken its toll as well .
tr	O	I unlocked my weaponry chest and it creaked as I opened it .
tr	I	They destroy and they create .
tr	I	She looked at Mr. Solomon , but she spoke to us all .
tr	O	Her hair was a tangle of dark curls , and she had a blanket draped around her like a cloak .
tr	I	We all get up and Lunch is finally over .
tr	I	Her arms were failing her , and her feet were giving out .
tr	O	Form an image of yourself in your mind , and your body will take on its own shape once again .
tr	O	She slipped her fingers over his and he lifted her to her feet .
tr	I	That wasn 't the worst of it , but his dog was going to have puppies .
tr	I	His sister , Julienne , had invited him for the holidays , but risking the journey had been foolhardy at best .
tr	I	It felt pretty good , and we popped them full of holes .
tr	O	Sera 's mouth dropped open and tears sprang to her eyes .
tr	O	It gets quiet and moments later the door opens .
tr	I	I influenced him slowly , artfully , but he 'd been with me longer .
tr	I	I will not let you down again , and I know that you have entrusted me with a lot of responsibility .
tr	O	He spoke into the phone , but his eyes were still on me .
tr	O	The light flickered to life and I began running the water .
tr	O	The pie was in Edward 's hand and there was torment in his whole being .
tr	O	I could have been there for him , but I wasn 't .
tr	O	She was staring intently at him now and he just knew that was what was going through her mind .
tr	O	He led the ram , and for a second he held his breath .
tr	I	I felt a small burst of energy and the knowledge actually relieved some part of me .
tr	I	I guess it is , but I 'm sorry it 's mine .
tr	O	She pushed her bead out again and this time hit the horse square in the chest .
tr	O	She knew me , and while most of the time that was a detriment , right then it wasn 't .
tr	I	I couldn 't help responding with a laugh and he smiled as he asked the question .
tr	O	If she gave Scorch to him , he 'd be happy , and the whole of their pack would find some kind of peace .
tr	I	They always managed to talk every few days , but they didn 't get to see each other as much as either would like .
tr	I	He was rejecting her , pushing her away , and they 'd just shared something few , if any , would ever experience in a lifetime .
tr	I	She had resisted , refusing to buy into the violence of the world , but her grandfather had tried to teach her about firearms .
tr	O	Aria 's face was cut to bloody ribbons , and one of her eyes was shut with flowing blood .
tr	O	The doors closed behind us , and the elevator started to ascend .
tr	I	He could hardly see and his eyes were filled with tears .
tr	I	He rolled it out again and it spun back to his hand .
tr	I	The gravity of it stole my breath away , and this was a defining moment of my life .
tr	O	I could feel Miranda 's eyes on me but I didn 't care .
tr	O	She would need more time to confirm it but she definitely did not feel the need for drugs that had been digging at her .
tr	O	I stand and my bones crack with the abuse of yesterday .
tr	I	He did but I did not think he would see me .
tr	I	You get used to it , but the system stinks .
tr	I	Genny 's father 's incarceration would easily become a death sentence , and if he was so motivated , he could contract a vicious assault .
tr	O	She insisted that I hang around close by so I could give her my opinion on each garment , yet she rarely took my advice .
tr	O	Her eyes were heavy , and her head still ached .
tr	I	The screensaver evaporated , and she typed SSS .
tr	I	It 's getting kind of dull , and that 's all Jason has been saying for half an hour .
tr	O	She picks up the kitten and an everlasting relationship is born .
tr	I	She hadn 't pulled away in disgust , but she didn 't rush to reassure him this time .
tr	I	Nothing really kept my interest , but my classes were all fine .
tr	O	She was getting close , so close , and she wanted him to get there with her .
tr	O	Her dad might have been a professional cheater , but to Amber , he 'd had a heart .
tr	O	She might not know much about him , as she 'd told him earlier , but she did know that .
tr	I	He didn 't turn at the sound of her voice , but his mother called after him .
tr	I	I justified keeping it to myself by saying I was protecting them , but I should have trusted them with more .
tr	I	He was following her directions already , tossing his jacket onto the back of a chair , but Daniel asked .
tr	I	Her eyes were shining with tears and her chin was trembling .
tr	O	Let 's swap cards , and you be sure to tell Jack I am thinking about him .
tr	O	When he 'd awoke this morning the smell had been gone , but he was certain it had been there last night .
tr	O	A playful expression was on his face and his eyes were full of fire .
tr	I	The next unbearably sad and one minute I was frightened .
tr	O	She hasn 't made any effort to move away from me and I find myself enticed by her lips .
tr	I	She 'd sobbed for hours afterward , and the conversation was one of the most painful of her life .
tr	O	Dinner was sent up to the room and he continued discussing the cards .
tr	O	Little did I know I was right , and now I was one of the monsters .
tr	O	Well , I didn 't have the latest , but as soon as it hit bookstores I would .
tr	I	Luke couldn 't let that happen , and then others would be in danger .
tr	I	Suddenly his mind stayed fixed on his damn tie , but he was glad she liked the room .
tr	I	Phone calls to make , and there were papers to sigh , letters to write .
tr	I	She slumped into him , smelling the expensive cologne on his neck and the heat of his body was irresistible .
tr	I	Andrew ducks before it hits him and a burst of flame shoots out .
tr	I	Some were limping pretty badly , and all of them were bloody .
tr	I	An evil smile twisted his mouth , and Anton 's eyes narrowed .
tr	I	Yet , failure seemed imminent , and fear was absent .
tr	I	He held on to it , but she tried to take the box .
tr	O	Jean Robert went back to his paper and a waiter served Lady Goldman 's breakfast , prepared as ordered .
tr	O	Henry 's voice rang in my head , clear as anything , and I waited for him to say those words again .
tr	O	I wrapped my arm around her , and she slid her fingers between mine .
tr	O	Suddenly his eyes stopped moving and they burned straight into me .
tr	I	It killed me inside , and she was afraid of me .
tr	I	This was different , but I 'd experienced the bite , the self-interested violence of it .
tr	I	It didn 't seem to bother her but she was a big girl like myself .
tr	I	I fell into the stream , butt first , and I heard a pop as my ankle turned .
tr	I	You would , and I could order you to disassemble yourself limb by limb .
tr	I	The roads were getting busy just like the previous morning and the birds were chirping .
tr	I	I take a step backward , and Julian begins to reach for me .
tr	I	No one was in view , but Ali peered over the bush .
tr	O	Her singsong voice was barely above a whisper but Trapper could still hear how uncomfortable she sounded .
tr	I	Then there was a violent crack , and the wild clamor continued behind her .
tr	I	His gaze met mine briefly before sliding away , and Asher watched them all with a smile tugging at his lips .
tr	O	He 'd been strategic in sharing information with her fifteen years ago , but there were pitfalls to any game plan .
tr	I	At other times , he 'd fold the lit cigarettes away and sometimes he used the ashtrays .
tr	O	I have a couple things to finish up , or else Dean will be on me about them .
tr	I	They did enjoy life , but they had their peculiarities .
tr	I	You got burned and you street raced .
tr	O	It sounded more like the growling of angry beasts that a known language , and they understood how people had thought of it as such .
tr	O	He commanded , and she obeyed .
tr	O	Catch them on the wrong day and they would rip the scales from your body without a second 's thought .
tr	I	She wanted to prepare for the first one and several clients had scheduled appointments over the course of the day .
tr	O	Her gravestone 's in my heart , though , and I 'm sure it 'll always be there .
tr	I	I ignored it , but a voice whispered in my head .
tr	O	There were a few blows exchanged , and Noah took his guy to the floor only to be thrown off .
tr	I	He didn 't have the heart , but he should have done it the second she told him she was bitten .
tr	I	We don 't need to go into that right now , but they are also each divided into various subcategories .
tr	O	Long hours passed in the tree , and twilight began to darken the world .
tr	I	People stood while the priest walked up the nave and at this point the choir began .
tr	I	He would return to his statue form but the gargoyle would not be harmed by the sunlight .
tr	O	There was more movement behind Noll , and Vex wandered out of the woods .
tr	O	She feels a slight stinging , but the redness soon begins to fade .
tr	I	I can hear the buried interest , but he asks playfully .
tr	I	He knew he couldn 't , but he wanted to ignore it .
tr	I	You cannot rock business ledgers in a cradle , and invalid chairs won 't keep you warm at night .
tr	O	I wanted so badly to touch him , but I was too afraid he 'd leave .
tr	I	She could move quickly , but she couldn 't teleport .
tr	O	His feet were bare but he was used to that .
tr	O	Mike taps the microphone , signaling he 's almost ready to begin , and suddenly the audience quiets .
tr	I	His body craving hers and he couldn 't answer her with his incisors lengthened .
tr	O	Another new round started , and he gestured me forward .
tr	I	The economy collapses and the US dollar becomes worthless .
tr	O	My mom nodded at him and they turned towards the door .
tr	I	Some of the homes were derelict , and rusted chain-link fences enclosed the yards .
tr	I	Most of her hair draped along her back , looking quite delectable , but a few strands of hair found their way to the front .
tr	O	Tough to admit , but there it was .
tr	O	The sound of footsteps echoed from the corridor , and my stomach tightened .
tr	O	The trip lasted another two days and we went back to the village .
tr	I	We were both eye to eye and his name was to be Monarch .
tr	O	Figuring Mom was already working on the garden , I 'd gone out on the balcony , but the garden was empty .
tr	O	I thought vampires were supposed to feel that sort of thing , but you seem indifferent .
tr	O	My injured leg wouldn 't support me , and after a couple of strides I collapsed to the floor , helpless .
tr	I	You have to sign for it personally and he said you have certified registered mail .
tr	I	We have to flow with the Spirit , Sister , but it 's not quite how we expected it to happen .
tr	I	Yesterday he took a belt to me , and today he 's trying to protect my ear from getting nicked by clippers .
tr	I	Waves it and she holds the black envelope up .
tr	I	It made me feel calm , the small cravings almost disappearing and I could smell her infected blood .
tr	O	The Russian government wanted to know everything about you , but I managed to slip through .
tr	O	I immediately worry that I 'm being too rough , but she just laughs .
tr	I	Someone had laid a tarp down on top of it to catch all the blood , but the floor was carpeted .
tr	I	We tap glasses and the beer arrives .
tr	I	What was on underneath ... the latter with his teeth , and he couldn 't wait to strip off her exquisite wedding gown .
tr	O	It was just after World War II and the Allies had not yet restored order .
tr	I	I see the question in his eyes , but he doesn 't ask again if I like him .
tr	I	I don 't think I can talk through it and a lump forms in my throat .
tr	I	None of them Dacre , and another outlaw was gone , three so far .
tr	O	He hated to admit it but he was addicted .
tr	I	That was a minor inconvenience , but his paw still hurt him .
tr	I	I spoke to his assistant who was convinced I was joking about the pink letters and the inspector was out of town .
tr	I	I was hypnotized and flash someone frosting a cake in front of me .
tr	O	Luckily Micha is at the bottom and he drops his phone to catch me .
tr	I	She wiggled it into her grasp , and the rough cloth gave good purchase .
tr	O	There had to be something better , but he couldn 't think of it .
tr	O	Then the CPU interrogator will initiate , and in a manner of speaking you will be handed the keys .
tr	O	Zane 's voice was impatient and I held back a laugh .
tr	O	Her nails clawed into his shoulders and her breath held .
tr	I	I suddenly felt a little awkward and he looked contemplative as he watched the floor numbers light up .
tr	O	Nothing had been missed and they both knew it .
tr	O	Heath volunteered , but Joe gave Grace 's foot a little nudge .
tr	O	I cast one more glance back at Riley as I followed Micah , but he just stared at me blankly .
tr	O	He 'd regained consciousness enough to open his eyes and he looked up at me with a hazy , unfocused gaze .
tr	O	They soon began to descend and the rock changed from limestone to one Neil did not know .
tr	O	I saw you get in , and thought for sure I 'd succeeded when you started vomiting blood .
tr	I	She cried out in distress , and he withdrew his hands from her , hands that were still burning in a way he 'd never experienced .
tr	I	Listening , but Aunt Lulu sat back down a bit miffed .
tr	O	Most were straight records of pack members , but there were also several longer entries dealing with specific events .
tr	O	The point , he wasn 't entirely sure of , but he wanted to be some smartass .
tr	I	I wouldn 't , no matter what , look away from his eyes and I hadn 't let go of his hand .
tr	O	I go through the movements , my confidence growing with each step and soon , I 'm no longer worried .
tr	I	He was in there , but the door was closed .
tr	O	He wasn 't dancing , but she didn 't mind .
tr	O	I didn 't know it till we were back inside and Terry told me my makeup ran .
tr	O	It was where all the true Nazis were and it was here that their biggest secret was being kept .
tr	O	She hoped that would suffice , but she suspected it wouldn 't .
tr	I	He miraculously caught the tray before it fell to the floor , but the caterer shot forward .
tr	I	He was openly aligning himself with her , but it was one thing to fight quietly for her .
tr	O	Lush green jungles flowed passed them and a pleasant pink sky was above .
tr	I	A talking face addressed the man in the cabin and a TV came to life in the room .
tr	O	His uniform didn 't fit properly , and he shuffled from one foot to the other .
tr	O	They were here to commit a massacre , and no massacre would be complete with victims left alive .
tr	I	The kids would suffer and you would suffer .
tr	O	For the most part , his plan worked , but there was still the occasional look exchanged between the two men .
tr	I	Despite the chill in the air , he experienced a rush of burning bristles against his skin , and the sun was brighter than usual .
tr	I	His hand moved to grip his sword in a clammy grasp , and Agitation churned in his stomach .
tr	O	Most of the guest list is male , and most of them are wearing business suits .
tr	O	Murphy frowned at me , and then her eyes widened .
tr	O	Devlin 's a good man and you 're good for him .
tr	O	The container that held her bolts hung empty , and her knives were nowhere to be found .
tr	O	That was exactly what I was , but at least Colt 's hands were off of her .
tr	O	He started to get out of his chair , but Pierce waved him back down .
tr	O	As they stand in confusion instead of pounding their fists against the windows , Robert drives forwards and we begin moving again .
tr	O	It would do something worse : degrade his brain until he became a madman , and once it reached that stage , it couldn 't be reversed .
tr	I	It looked like it was weeping , but it couldn 't have been so .
tr	I	In those days he realized that he didn 't even know who he was and he 'd been gone for a few days .
tr	I	Dante turns to me and I bite my lip .
tr	I	Tonight they didn 't go , but my parents go out to dinner together on Thursday nights .
tr	I	Anne Marie 's heart felt lodged in her throat , and he stood as they approached .
tr	I	She blinked into the light and Jacqueline 's eyes opened up .
tr	I	Her energy balance was out of order and he blamed himself that he had possibly done something wrong .
tr	I	We don 't have a kid at home waiting for us and I 'm not pregnant .
tr	O	Two hands clenched my shoulders , and I heard Cole 's voice .
tr	O	He wanted to sprint before anyone saw him , but Spike kept telling him to take it slow .
tr	I	He had to fumble to keep from dropping it and the beer bottle slipped in Marcus 's grip .
tr	I	The sun lost its glare , and the stifling humidity was gone .
tr	O	It was a big bed , but it wasn 't big enough .
tr	I	She needed to find a way to drink it in , and there might still be some goodness left in the world .
tr	I	I instantly groaned , and the smell of vomit had been the first thing that hit me when I entered .
tr	O	The question sounded innocent enough , but he frowned at the implication .
tr	O	News traveled fast even though it was stil early , but the most shocking part was Lea stood among them .
tr	I	He was now welcoming her home and like she 'd been out in the desert during their argument ?
tr	I	I waited for my food , and he excused himself after that .
tr	O	I took a breath and it hurt .
tr	O	Blakely told me to come alone , and I didn 't trust how he 'd react if I showed up with you by my side .
tr	O	Paul had been involved in a fist fight at a bar , and after being restrained by bouncers , the bar 's owners had called the cops .
tr	I	We share a common communication path and this is a very small community .
tr	I	She could not be joined to another man and she said the Lord had joined her with Harvey .
tr	O	It 's filled with walking dead ... or it was .
tr	O	Clary was aware that the other girl 's stele was sweeping over the back of her hand , and the flow of blood was slowing .
tr	O	She held out one finger like she 'd be right back , but there was an angry sag to his mouth .
tr	I	They didn 't contradict me , but the three adults exchanged glances .
tr	O	I glanced around the room , but I didn 't see Torin .
tr	O	The sun was setting , and the air had cooled from earlier in the day .
tr	O	He gave me a leg up and I readied Posy to try again .
tr	I	I could see what he saw and I could feel what he felt .
tr	O	In that regard it is a partial success , and we have certainly destroyed many of their troops .
tr	O	Everything she did made her stand out , made people notice , but I just wanted to blend in .
tr	I	He began fiddling around with things in the engine and I obeyed .
tr	I	She wrapped her legs around his waist , pulling him closer , welcoming each thrust and his hard shaft found its way in with little effort .
tr	I	She stopped me and I took two steps to inspect her eye .
tr	I	Somehow the words would not come out , but the thought revolved in Claire 's head .
tr	I	They resemble them , but they 're not .
tr	O	I didn 't usually require it , but the occasion merited formality , I supposed .
tr	O	He made it to the first landing and shielding his eyes from the Stone 's light , he looked down at Ryan .
tr	I	That was the hope - or it was far enough away to stay out of Taranis 's way .
tr	I	I expelled a breath , and his face was unmarked .
tr	O	I had come here once when I was really young , but I didn 't remember much .
tr	O	We 'll be fishing off that rock over the lake and it will be cold .
tr	I	I took it from her and Julianna held the pirate 's pistol .
tr	O	The others scoffed , but the scholar continued .
tr	I	Paris could feel her tensing and she sucked in a shaky breath .
tr	I	Several stores in big cities buy his carvings to sell to rich people and he is very talented .
tr	I	The gun roared , and he pulled the trigger .
tr	I	I had a million questions I needed to ask and the girl of the hour was back .
tr	O	He felt brave , and it felt good .
tr	I	She had been correct in her worry , and Charlie had feared that she might not .
tr	I	Housekeeping simply swapped the carpets in the dead of night , and a storage room in the basement contained the second oval carpet .
tr	I	I could see the anticipation bulging beneath them , and his cotton boxers were molded to his shape .
tr	I	Needing to reassure myself about something , but I moved back to him , confident that I 'd taken his measure .
tr	O	There 's a TV in there too , but I always listen to the game , never watch .
tr	I	Doyle isn 't in the bed with me and I wake up sometime in the night .
tr	I	Callum wanted to control it and her reaction could be anything .
tr	I	She liked their program in journalism , and they offered a lot of scholarships .
tr	I	I take off and the air stinks of burnt flesh .
tr	O	His shoulders rolled back and his face slowly lifted .
tr	O	He was right and he knew it .
tr	I	Never one like him , but I 'd seen wolves before out in the woods with my father .
tr	I	Sara was checking the weather to see if we could finally go for a hike somewhere nearby , and it was Wednesday afternoon .
tr	I	He wasn 't laughing anymore but as the last man fell to the floor the voice spoke again .
tr	I	She stared at me defiantly , but Lucky looked slightly embarrassed at her words .
tr	I	For the most part the flowers were all still as lovely as they had been at his funeral but a few were starting to wilt .
tr	O	I exited the box , needing some air , and everyone followed .
tr	O	They 've taken all the divers up , but the subs can 't come back for us .
tr	I	She was slowly picking up the pieces again , and it had been a month since she ended things with Gray .
tr	I	The suds helped to wash off the mud , and he applied this to the creature 's feathers .
tr	I	The conversation was better and Work didn 't complain .
tr	I	We start to study the map over a glass of Sauvignon and Catriona pulls an ordinance survey map out of her coat pocket .
tr	I	He was certainly too awkward to be a cop but the man possessed the stern demeanour of officialdom .
tr	O	I really didn 't want to see my parents almost naked , but I tried to run toward them anyways .
tr	I	There was still nothing that would destroy her world , but she moved on to the next page .
tr	I	Faye blocked it with a deflection , but Cassie shot Faye with her spell .
tr	I	He has never witnessed them quite this aggressive , but he thinks it is a wild pack of dingoes .
tr	I	Evan answered , and I called .
tr	O	She longed to control this outburst , longed to explain , but every time she tried to speak her sobbing only grew worse .
tr	I	Holly rallied quickly , but now she sounded a bit disgruntled because he 'd questioned her .
tr	O	I had known what they were and I knew what I was becoming .
tr	O	It had to be earned , and that only happened over time .
tr	O	Again I have broken my promise in writing daily , but that is often not down to me .
tr	O	Something had happened on Olympus to infuriate her , yet she never spoke of it .
tr	I	This , like the Sword , was something special but any gift from Eadie would be full of charm .
tr	O	He tried to terminate the call , but the screen wouldn 't respond .
tr	I	The thin gruel we ate for supper didn 't cheer anybody up , and when we moved on , we were a bleak , unhappy group .
tr	O	The voice was sharp and my blood ran still .
tr	O	She completely forgot about telling him what happened and she ignored the sensations going through her body .
tr	I	I grunted as I sprawled onto my belly and my hands slid across rock .
tr	O	All I could do was hear and I had a plan for that .
tr	I	Sir George was aware of her contemplation , but as the others partook , Sarah surveyed the lodge for the best way to escape .
tr	O	A sudden picture of how they must look popped into her mind , and Helen closed her eyes with a moan .
tr	I	They fixed me right up and my leg got really hurt .
tr	I	The back dramatically dropped to the floor and the front was just above my knees .
tr	I	It gushed toward her and it seemed to spew forth from the cavity caused by her blade .
tr	I	Through the leaves , she spotted her friends running in the direction the bullet had come from and her vision began to clear .
tr	I	She was aware of him , but she shivered continually .
tr	I	We spent the rest of the time talking , and the waitress returned with our steaming lattes .
tr	O	She 'd said so before , but no one seemed to care .
tr	O	Whatever was down there refused to let go , and then I was forced roughly beneath the surface .
tr	O	The signal was perfect , and she was crystal clear .
tr	I	Only a few were worthy to bring home to meet his family , but he had a handful of serious relationships .
tr	I	She realized she couldn 't go any further and a large branch snagged on her long-sleeved T-shirt .
tr	O	The magic of faerie held us , and we would not be free until that magic was satisfied .
tr	I	We sat there together just breathing and he rested his chin on my shoulder .
tr	O	It was a hazy stare but I saw it .
tr	O	We all try the long way around , and we all would love something for nothing .
tr	O	The disappointment was extreme , but now that he 'd found his power , there 'd be other opportunities .
tr	I	Everything in his body tightened and Sam leaned forward to see .
tr	I	He arched at her touch then groaned and she laid a hand on his back .
tr	O	It didn 't matter much , as I didn 't drive , and we never spoke of it again .
tr	I	His breathing grew heavier and his eyes narrowed .
tr	O	It was almost painful , but she was shielded by his calling , wrapped in his love .
tr	O	His eyes weren 't completely shuttered yet , but he couldn 't hide the pain her words had brought to the surface .
tr	I	She sticks out her hand and a brilliant smile comes instantly to her lips .
tr	I	She couldn 't stop them but the sounds coming out of her mouth made Misty mentally cringe .
tr	I	His kisses are the perfect antidote for any bad nightmare , and I can 't deny that I 'm falling for him .
tr	I	Then we head back to sleep , and today we beat down the fire .
tr	I	He wasn 't certain it had ever started again , and his heart had stopped beating when Maggie 's had .
tr	I	Then she couldn 't resist , but Maryellen dumped the letters into the plastic garbage bag .
tr	O	No jolts had hit me and I 'd relaxed a little .
tr	O	Her legs were bent lying to the side and her head was turned in the opposite direction .
tr	O	He had stirred at some point during the night , and his arm was no longer covered by the cloak .
tr	I	He thrusts in a little deeper and his torso lifts off of me .
tr	O	He kept his hands pressed against his wound , but he was doing well .
tr	O	He 'd acquired more sexual skill with his hands , mouth , and c * ck than any man should have a right to .
tr	O	They had initially planned to go mostly for support , but if Haven didn 't think she needed any , then so be it .
tr	O	If you did fool an honest man , he tended to complain to the local Watch , and these days they were harder to buy off .
tr	O	Chapter 5 Andra felt like she 'd just fallen asleep , but glancing at the clock told her she 'd been out for almost twelve hours .
tr	O	It 's already Delilah 's property since everybody believed that I died because I was frosted , but maybe she sold it .
tr	O	The beam lowered down enough for him to see there were more than two people standing before him , and he put down his hand .
tr	I	His father had died at sixty-two and Chen was sixty .
tr	I	Still it holds , but I pull against the rope once more , hoping I have frayed it enough that I can free my hands .
tr	O	Hopefully Jackson had taken a turn for the worse during the night and the doctors had decided to keep him in a bit longer .
tr	O	Dover was the busiest route , but customs had always been quite heavy there .
tr	I	I decided to park in an area that was out of sight , and I arrived 20 minutes later .
tr	O	He saw that look as a sign of happiness , and he said that I should do more things with my sister .
tr	O	Chloe wrinkled her nose , but she made no comment .
tr	I	Her mouth thinned and her eyes narrowed .
tr	O	God may not answer our complaint but He knows our case .
tr	O	I 've got nothing to lose , but I don 't think it 's a good call .
tr	O	He might be young , but he could slit them throat to thigh before they found their knives .
tr	I	The conviction in her gaze made my chest ache , but I couldn 't entirely agree with her on that one .
tr	O	A shocking rattle pounded her eardrums and she fell to the stone floor .
tr	I	I thought I 'd done a pretty decent job plucking my own eyebrows , but I realized my nails were a lost cause .
tr	O	She knew she was begging , but she didn 't care .
tr	O	Meanwhile the tortoise has flow - moved on , not much , I 'll grant you , but it doesn 't have to be much .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure , but Adela thought she heard Liam curse under his breath .
tr	I	He nodded , and I glanced over at Liam .
tr	I	The books there have layers of dust on them because they haven 't been read in years and I go to the library on campus .
tr	I	She refused to believe that , and she had hoped that it was neither one because that would mean that her brother really was dead .
tr	I	I knew that they were trustworthy , and my handguns I 'd used several times now .
tr	O	Caleb , now standing by the screens , presses something at the front of the room , and the screens turn on .
tr	O	The gun was still in my hand , and I jerked it up toward him .
tr	O	He understood what a gift it was and he valued her all the more for her reserve .
tr	I	An independent bi-weekly local newspaper provided some personal information about Brad , but there were no new reports in any of the major papers .
tr	I	Music had been played and Food had been served .
tr	I	He looks back at me with fear in his eyes and all the color immediately washes from my father 's face .
tr	I	I stopped them when a picture of Woodstock slipped into my head , but my eyes automatically started to roll .
tr	I	Its leaves were far too delicate , and it didn 't have a thick stalk .
tr	O	His lips fold in and he shakes his head .
tr	I	He surrendered , flexed his hips , plunged into her heat , and she whimpered , arched to bring him closer .
tr	I	She did not refuse as she slid easily into Cassie 's place , but Melissa 's dark eyes scanned her worriedly .
tr	O	Those are partly true but the real reason is we just don 't want to clean up their mess .
tr	O	I thought about prying the bomb off the undercarriage , but I decided to leave the device where it was .
tr	O	His hair flopped over his eyes , and he ran a hand through it so my heart flitted inside my chest .
tr	O	The howl died on the light breeze and all was quiet .
tr	I	Then I kept remembering the invasion plan , but I kind of hoped the same thing .
tr	O	Now the neighbor might have a dog ... but it turned out they didn 't .
tr	O	It hurt like hell , but I didn 't care .
tr	I	I sure as hell don 't want to lose you , and I love you , Cady Steward .
tr	O	She tried to steer over , and the city got ever closer .
tr	I	My stomach hurts at the thought of leaving March behind , but I understand the danger .
tr	O	Few things from him could have surprised me more - and he said pretty surprising things on a regular basis .
tr	O	There 's a long pause as Trent continues drawing swirls on my back and I start to believe the conversation is over .
tr	O	Dinah entered his study , and a faint smile appeared on Peter 's face .
tr	I	I knew she remembered him from the bar , and Recognition sparked in her eyes .
tr	O	He knows all we need to know , but he isn 't telling .
tr	O	My nerves were shot and I have gone days without sleep .
tr	I	A man was standing in the threshold waving one arm and a door in the side of the building swung open .
tr	I	Tonight it filled her with desperation , but normally she appreciated the rural setting .
tr	I	His expression seemed more relaxed and he laughed .
tr	O	I know I can 't expect you to feel the same way about me , but I love you , Karen .
tr	O	He has a busy schedule today but he 's all ready for you .
tr	I	It wasn 't for me , but Liv would love TREND .
tr	O	She told him she was fine and to go home .
tr	I	We made it here and we left that poisoned land .
tr	I	Mairi didn 't stop moving , but the climb was a hundred times harder now , the pain in her leg making her feel woozy .
tr	O	My head is confused but my chest is thudding .
tr	O	He now also understood the chance for escape and he turned to shout over to Earl Harald .
tr	O	She gasped , arching her back , and her stomach brushed against my chest .
tr	O	Andrew said nothing for so long Neil thought he 'd blown it , but finally Andrew moved .
tr	I	He knew it , and he couldn 't .
tr	I	There was nobody else there , but her eyes darted nervously left to right .
tr	O	You can feel the eons there , and it just puts everything into perspective .
tr	O	I walked out on them but Klein called me back .
tr	O	She stared at me , stunned , and without warning , she kissed me on the mouth .
tr	I	She went back to Helen 's hair and a brief unease shifted in Amber 's gaze .
tr	I	Ares closed his fist and the second Guard moved toward him .
tr	I	Salina seems a little ostentatious when it comes to her magic , but personally , I like to be more straightforward about these things .
tr	I	For a moment he thought he might swoon , and Tavi 's heart erupted with pure terror .
tr	I	They probably would have eventually if A hadn 't outed them , but they hadn 't slept together .
tr	O	It looked like a war zone , with bodies strewn everywhere and blood splashed from one end of the room to the other .
tr	O	It wasn 't what he really wanted to say , but it would have to do .
tr	I	He appeared to relax a little and a smile flickered over his lips .
tr	I	He let out a low moan as he cocooned me in , and I moved them around his body , drawing him in against me .
tr	O	It went on like this most of the night , but in the morning she seemed to have no memory of what had happened .
tr	I	All the hay would have gone to waste , and cows were strict vegetarians .
tr	O	As she disappeared , I was left alone , and I felt so bitter , so achingly sad .
tr	O	The voice was coming closer and he didn 't sound amused .
tr	O	At one time Lorraine would have heeded his advice , but everything had changed when her mother died .
tr	O	I knew I 'd asked for this , but it hurt .
tr	O	His hand curled around my ribcage , and I wanted it higher , farther in .
tr	I	She didn 't blame him for drawing the line at stealing , but Dee didn 't care if Jacob pressed charges for her sake .
tr	I	The whole thing , while magnificent , looked very heavy , and the little horse on the front had wheels on the end of its legs .
tr	I	I slouch over to my computer , my envy of the breezy California girls growing , and another movie finishes .
tr	I	Someone stepped out , and one of the gates opened .
tr	O	He had been expecting a simple yup , but the boy had more to say .
tr	O	You know it and I know it .
tr	I	He was wearing the traditional gold-colored mantle , and he was seated on a marble throne .
tr	I	She was smiling , but she blotted more tears .
tr	I	He 'd get plenty if things worked out , and he was always happy to get some publicity .
tr	O	The doctor heard me pulling it off my pants and he turned around , startled .
tr	I	Eventually he was ready , but it took a long thirty minutes .
tr	I	There are streaks of lighter rock near the edges , and a large crack runs through the middle of it .
tr	I	There was nothing plain about Lucky , but Emily may have called her plain .
tr	O	Nothing moved , but he knew not to let his guard down .
tr	O	His chair squeaked impatiently , and she lifted her head .
tr	O	Angelo was the only one allowed to touch this room , and the man knew better than to disturb anything .
tr	I	His thick , tense silence would speak volumes , but knowing Jeff , he wouldn 't have a lot to say .
tr	O	Monsieur bared his head in respect for his brother , and his friend Lorraine bowed with every appearance of goodwill .
tr	O	The sun was still shining bright in the morning and yet this place was so cold like the winter .
tr	O	He hadn 't actually hit the ground , stopping mere inches short , and there he hung like a bungee jumper .
tr	I	I don 't open my eyes because I know who it is but the door creaks open .
tr	I	Yet it was more of the same -- only worse and I had seen visions of a place where the land was made of gold !
tr	I	He 'd be crazy to try anything with Killian , but he was pissed .
tr	I	I 'd wanted to get to the home right away and when Wes had called it was five in the morning .
tr	O	She gasped and her hands gripped his shoulders when he slid his fingers against her skin .
tr	O	Saber still hadn 't been to bed and she still intended to go to work .
tr	I	The little ones are probably at the schoolhouse , but the kids ' playground is a few feet away .
tr	I	The older one sat in the back with Eloise and the young medic climbed into the driver 's seat .
tr	O	I 'd never really made someone laugh like this ... and I loved it .
tr	O	He hoped the sting of the needle wouldn 't be too much for her , but he didn 't think it would be .
tr	I	I have every intention of acing them and I told him I 'm quite aware of how important A Levels are .
tr	O	The team hasn 't been called to duty in more than a month , and I 'm definitely ready for another assignment .
tr	I	This would be an affront to him , but I wanted to make the Sign of the Cross .
tr	O	Glowing orange metal and a clanging hammer .
tr	I	I helped him off with his pants and when we got in the door , Adam helped me off with my coat .
tr	O	I wanted to , but I couldn 't .
tr	I	Maybe he didn 't , and maybe your ex broke into Thibault 's house .
tr	I	He unwittingly enjoyed the attention and although reluctant at first , her touch had been gentle .
tr	O	I don 't remember trying to get there , but I think it was the right place for me to go .
tr	O	Maybe he 's venting to Shay , but whatever he 's doing I hope it calms him down .
tr	O	He was given an angel and he tried to break her wings .
tr	I	I felt the need to lash out at somebody - anybody , and my unexpected reaction to father 's gift had put me off-balance .
tr	I	He had a feeling that sleep was going to be elusive but he wasn 't much of a drinker .
tr	O	The light knock upon the door was a welcome distraction , and turning from the window she cleared her worried expression .
tr	O	He cooked for her instead and she was delighted .
tr	O	He may not have been here , but he must have been close by .
tr	I	He said he didn 't mind but I apologized for reading over his shoulder .
tr	O	It would be better for everyone involved if she refused to meet her , but the desperate worry in Lindy 's steady gaze frightened her .
tr	I	I was ready to do it again and sucking him off turned me on .
tr	O	I hadn 't answered him the first time and I 'm not answering now .
tr	I	Today he was busy entertaining me , but my gut instinct is that these notes have Evans ' name written all over them .
tr	I	I decided to let the cat out of the bag , but I 'd been meaning to keep it a secret .
tr	I	I flung my arms around his shoulders , and his arms held me tightly against his broad chest .
tr	O	He looked a lot like Monty , but he was older , more worn .
tr	O	There 's no answer , but I can hear music coming from upstairs .
tr	O	The scent of his skin lingered in her nostrils for a delicious moment and she shivered , her blood thrumming with anticipation .
tr	O	She had pushed the news of Rebecca 's death to the far corner of her mind and suddenly she couldn 't wait to be home again .
tr	I	Her thoughts immediately turn to sex and she finds out they 're alone .
tr	O	All three prisoners were young and one was a women .
tr	O	We exchange Christmas cards , but honestly we 're barely more than strangers .
tr	I	He found himself swept inside , hating himself , but Fat Charlie wanted to protest , to stand his ground .
tr	I	We fell onto his bed , my legs still locked around him and plucking me from the counter , he strode into his room .
tr	I	Everything in me swims with relief , and he touches his cheek to mine .
tr	O	We already spoke to Hettie a couple of days ago , and she 's not changing her mind about the golf course .
tr	I	I knew that he was honest in every single word he says and I had a lot of faith in him .
tr	O	Nothing needed to be cleaned yet and he had nothing new to read .
tr	O	He reached for her hand and like a moron , she gave it to him .
tr	I	Mist coated the floor of the room , and the shutters to her window were open .
tr	O	It wasn 't easy , but eventually I had broken in .
tr	O	He took my hand and we climbed together to the top of a steep bank .
tr	O	He 'd been the enemy just a few seconds earlier , but now the woman was looking to him to save her .
tr	O	His nostrils flared as if he knew what she 'd done , but he didn 't move .
tr	O	I want to feel that flow of power , and I want to see the other Daggers ' intimidation .
tr	I	Bright flashes of light can be seen all over it along with rising gray clouds and a single continent is visible floating in a purple ocean .
tr	O	Ellen looked at Caleb as he talked with Howard , and it was obvious from his behavior that something was about to happen .
tr	I	He tries to lean forward in the chair , and Jamie 's eyebrows furrow .
tr	O	It was a fair exchange and afterward they 'd gone out for hamburgers .
tr	I	I 'm happy that my family 's together again , and Ryan lets me hug him too .
tr	O	Ryan picked up his backpack and slung it over a shoulder .
tr	I	Her hand shook as she placed the call and she had Jackson 's cell on speed dial .
tr	O	I can 't see her tits beneath her shirt , but I know from memory how fucking perfect they are .
tr	O	My jaw dropped and I clapped my hands like a child .
tr	I	No one is going to question that we 'd want to do something together , and of course they were happy to get rid of us .
tr	O	They ate and Lily chatted a little about how her day had gone .
tr	O	I wanted to scream but that would reduce all my chances of talking it over with him .
tr	O	The mood in the midshipmen 's berth lightens considerably , and we boys venture in there for the first time .
tr	I	Caleb came around the house , carrying the grass bin and the lawnmower fell silent .
tr	O	The door slid closed behind them and they were back in the small room with the lady behind the glass .
tr	I	I would know it from now on , but it was something I 'd never smelled before .
tr	I	Hopefully there won 't be a strike , and the union will be voting on our offer soon .
tr	I	It is what it is , but they may not like it .
tr	I	I grabbed the railing just in time , but I crawled backward so fast that I almost pitched myself overboard .
tr	O	Eventual y , the administrators wil figure out what happened , but I 'm making it look like a computer error .
tr	O	Everything 's more effort because you 're lugging 20kg of suit around with you , and your movement is limited .
tr	O	I looked in the mini fridge for a beer , but they were all gone .
tr	O	Adele , you hinted at what we would see here , but this is considerably more than I had envisioned .
tr	I	He only felt his own scales , but he gripped at it .
tr	I	He didn 't want it , and reality was intruding into his world .
tr	O	Mr. Cameron diverts into another topic however and it turns out he doesn 't have to worry about it further .
tr	O	It were a little rough , but I had filed the blade down sharp .
tr	I	She never once considered not taking it , but she might have lamented her ex-husband 's call .
tr	I	They both walked out of the gym without another word and he pulled his partner by the sleeve .
tr	O	We are going to get to that pool ... and I 'm going to get my Ben back .
tr	I	Empty passages separated by bulkheads every thirty yards and in the level below the cargo bay there were engineering spaces , long .
tr	O	He held my hands to his face while gazing into my eyes and I stared back mesmerized for a moment .
tr	O	It 's rice , but purple colored .
tr	I	His shaking hands lowered to my jeans and he shifted again .
tr	O	It was beautiful what she was saying and yet it was frightening him .
tr	I	He willed her to come inside and their eyes met for a moment .
tr	O	Okay , maybe he thought I had enough to worry about , and he was right .
tr	O	Heat swept my face , and my eyes popped out .
tr	I	Seth heard the magnetic lock click open on the door on the other side of the office and he hit a button under his desk .
tr	I	To admit that he had me but Slowly falling until I had no other choice .
tr	O	Then she 'd gotten angry over his speedy rebound engagement to the goddess Gianna , and that made it easier to keep her distance a while longer .
tr	I	I can see the tunnel within , the closed doors at the far end , and the front gates stand open .
tr	O	I felt cartilage snap , and my stomach turned .
tr	I	We don 't need to upset her any more than she is already and she 's busy .
tr	O	They had both had worries about what the holidays would bring , but on Christmas morning they were able to enjoy the day with their boys .
tr	O	She decided she would write to him every week but she had no idea what he was interested in .
tr	I	I stifled a sob , and my emotions were already on edge .
tr	O	The commanding officer seemed somewhat confused , but the scholar knew immediately Jason 's intent .
tr	I	We can 't risk contaminating the fine structure and we have to keep the cover plates open .
tr	O	Kim might not earn the same as me , but her career is equally if not more important to her .
tr	O	Her eyes sparkle , and I nod my head toward her .
tr	I	Rei stepped through and as soon as the indicator turned green , the door opened .
tr	I	The image refused to come , but he tried to imagine her tending a garden .
tr	I	I was sure mine matched his and his mouth was left slightly agape .
tr	O	My eyebrows shot up and my eyes opened wide .
tr	O	In the morning , she knew he 'd leave , but for tonight he was hers .
tr	O	He told them that his wasn 't working and he just wanted to type up a report .
tr	O	I tried bucking against his fingers but the seat belt restrained my movements .
tr	I	Nobody was there , but they went up .
tr	I	I couldn 't make it out , but I could barely hear what the other end was saying .
tr	O	It was near twilight now and the stars were beginning to come out .
tr	I	Then , it seemed , down a flight of stairs and Angelica heard the steady , solid clump of his shoes as he strode down the corridor .
tr	O	His gloved hands were shoved deep in his pockets and his head had receded between his shoulders vulture style .
tr	O	Something fell from the inner pocket and looking down , I realized it was the magazine she had given me the night before .
tr	O	His head was still buzzing and his hands still shaking .
tr	I	I thought that I might be able to patch up the sore spots between us , and Eliot laughed .
tr	I	Despite Samson 's often belligerent attitude , Raina liked him , and his mother was the most gentle , caring soul around .
tr	I	That was all , but the children were sniffling quietly .
tr	O	There is a spark in him that has been smothered for years , but it has not gone out .
tr	I	Yet I didn 't give in to the strong urge , and I longed to touch him .
tr	O	Eddie wasn 't with Jill twenty-four hours a day , but he seemed to feel as though she were particularly vulnerable if he wasn 't on campus .
tr	I	She wondered if he could control her mind with her eyes shut , and his voice was hypnotic .
tr	O	I meant for it to be quick , but he pulled me closer .
tr	I	Her palms tingled and her heart raced .
tr	O	She soaked in her large tub but the depression wouldn 't go away .
tr	I	She agreed to help me out , and I approached Hannah with the situation .
tr	O	Mac pulled back in shock to see his trousers had slid down to his ankles , and both of his jacket sleeves had popped off !
tr	O	When she reached up to stroke his curved neck , the stallion shuddered , but he did not bolt .
tr	O	He didn 't want to dump Marcy on her ass , but when Cassie came back she was going to be hurt by what was going on .
tr	O	After all , you 're supposed to be my girlfriend , and she hated Debbie .
tr	I	Now she was paying for it , and she hadn 't though this through quite enough .
tr	O	Max attempted to stifle his laugh but it didn 't work .
tr	I	If he 's not , I 'll leave , and I 'm just going to see if he 's in there .
tr	I	She hit the buzzer , relieved when he let her right in , and the taxi dropped her off at his apartment building .
tr	I	I refused to acknowledge him , but I felt Nash 's stare .
tr	O	He kissed me and the mansion vanished .
tr	I	A large maroon stone appeared in her palm and Artemis held her hand out .
tr	I	His gaze is faraway , but he stares at them .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop myself , but I knew it was rude .
tr	I	His eyes looked blankly ahead as if he were waiting for me to scream , and his jaw was clenched .
tr	I	God bless him , still trying to wag , but his tail 's two thirds shorter than it used to be , blood everywhere .
tr	I	If he wanted to fuck it up , then that was his prerogative , and it was Liam 's life .
tr	O	They could not , it was said , keep Scandinavian bogies and the Scriptures separate in their puzzled brains .
tr	I	It was the best he could do , but he didn 't know if that made sense .
tr	O	She was frightened , but she didn 't have the strength to struggle .
tr	I	Her mouth would hang open just a little and I knew her eyes would be wide open .
tr	O	She now realised that she had always been secretly searching for the one , and none of her previous boyfriends had fitted the bill .
tr	O	I kept on hugging , and she did , too .
tr	O	He supposed that with that wart of hers he should be able to , but he had spent little enough time there over the years .
tr	I	She felt wrung out and it was after midnight .
tr	O	Mrs. Mercer started to close the door in Emma 's face , but before she shut it all the way she paused .
tr	O	He had feared she would tell the earl that one of his men was a thief but it seemed thievery was least of her concerns .
tr	O	We 've got the best doctors in the world working with him and they are going to do all they can .
tr	O	Bob nodded his head yes , but a frown remained stamped onto his mouth .
tr	O	My eyes stung and my lungs ached .
tr	I	He was snoring a little and Arthur 's head was slumped forward on his chest .
tr	I	It was starting to rain , and the wind was kicking up .
tr	I	It was interrupted by the site of men racing toward him , but he tried to give her an encouraging smile .
tr	O	Each of us is different , that 's all , and each of us has different things we have to do .
tr	I	I moaned as I pushed into him harder , and it felt as magnificent as I had imagined .
tr	I	My breathing had become erratic and this scenario felt so dangerous my arms had goose bumps .
tr	O	There are more of us than you know , and we are a family of sorts .
tr	O	Clarissa has been my closest friend for the last few years , and she knows me well .
tr	I	Two used something else , and two used David Cox paper .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure why she was picking up Jackson 's phone , but I welcomed an ally wherever I could find one .
tr	O	I tried to fend him off , but he stopped me with a sentence .
tr	I	Here you are willing to do all these sweet things for me , but you met me less than a week ago .
tr	O	Michael was also pleased , because he had gotten to know the women , and there was nothing about them to fear .
tr	I	I answer to all , and I go by many names .
tr	O	The answer was right in front of me , but I still didn 't want to believe it .
tr	O	Paul Campbell did what he was told to do , and he would continue to do so as long as Ethan held his son .
tr	O	I would savor the taste of goodness ' death and I would feast on the souls of the dead .
tr	I	I only have notes , but I 'll need to write the third essay .
tr	I	Quinn didn 't exist and it was like Mom .
tr	O	He hadn 't been able to do anything for Dana , but he damn well could fall on his sword for Ashley .
tr	I	The scariest one was the one he said next , but there were so many ways to answer the question .
tr	O	She got on with me and we rode down one floor .
tr	O	I wanted to help them find her , but I didn 't know how I could .
tr	O	With his clients he had made a practice of going beyond their expectations , but he had never been a patsy .
tr	O	I squint my eyes to see if I can count how many are walking on the top walkway , but there 's no one up there today .
tr	I	I shivered , and the cold humidity of the tomb was still lingering inside of me .
tr	O	You could come here every night , and she wouldn 't wake up to push you away .
tr	I	My normal sense of caution is absent , but the building is down a road we haven 't cleared yet .
tr	I	They can find you and if you reach out they 'll feel you .
tr	I	The little butterflies that started tickling my belly have morphed into angry crows battling it out in my gut and my nerves are out of control .
tr	O	Abigail caught his expression , but she pushed harder anyway .
tr	O	I didn 't want any part of it , and I told them that .
tr	I	The face was completely destroyed but he could see where the bullet had entered .
tr	I	We both know it and this is a lie .
tr	O	he snarled and Apple fell back .
tr	I	Danny prepared himself for the chorus and Calvin took over the second half of the first verse .
tr	I	She had picked up bagels and I went to the kitchen .
tr	I	His face was twitching in agitation , and the Courtier 's eyes bulged in their sockets .
tr	I	Danni shook him off , but he placed his hand on her shoulder .
tr	I	Nothing happened , but I waited .
tr	I	It made me frantic and she was covered in something .
tr	I	Besides , even knowing he wouldn 't burn to death , it gave me some satisfaction to watch him ablaze , and it wouldn 't work anyway .
tr	I	I program my own drink , just in case , but I decide to risk Dina 's hospitality after all .
tr	O	Andrew places his arm around my waist and we leave .
tr	O	The door opened and Mike came into the bathroom .
tr	O	The elevator reached our floor and we walked toward our room .
tr	O	My ears popped as we rose higher , and I took a deep breath , trying to keep my fear at bay .
tr	O	Surprised by her gesture , I grabbed her tiny hand , and she smiled .
tr	O	Blythe tensed , and her shoulders went stiff .
tr	I	The horse turned fully toward him in confusion and his movements were suddenly rigid .
tr	O	When she peeked out , the hallway was clear , but she didn 't wait for that status to change .
tr	O	The music pulsed loud , beautiful , and she wished she could actually see the band .
tr	I	Her face quickly became thoughtful once more , but Mab joined in with his self-satisfied chuckles .
tr	O	Get to your car , and you can leave .
tr	I	Then I realized the hands were hot as a stove , but I tried to jerk away , thinking the crawling ghoul had reached me .
tr	O	She winced as she attempted to sit up , but he pressed her back .
tr	O	She was in love with him , and he was in love with her .
tr	I	My face had aged beyond belief and my eyes were red from crying .
tr	O	Of course she trusted him , but she was not sure if he could save them .
tr	I	In a way , I pitied the machine , and the list was endless .
tr	O	I come into your life and all hell breaks loose .
tr	I	He hadn 't moved , but my startled gaze flew back to him .
tr	I	Her face became stone , and something in her snapped .
tr	O	Her ears rang and she felt lightheaded .
tr	I	Until she understood what she needed out of life , she was giving avoidance her best shot , but she couldn 't avoid both men forever .
tr	I	She smiles and I suggest .
tr	O	Of course it isn 't , but I pretend it is .
tr	I	Dammit , this was his future at stake ... but he 'd had enough confrontation in his younger years that he tried to avoid it now .
tr	I	It did the job , but it took more effort .
tr	I	Its presence unnerved me , but the trap was obvious .
tr	O	Some of our people were infected , and I barely made it in here .
tr	I	Now he saved her again , and he had saved her once .
tr	I	We 'll never have to be under anyone 's thumb again and I will be her protector .
tr	I	She shook her head , but Elliot asked if he could help .
tr	O	I 'd seen Risa 's birth certificate , but the man listed as her father didn 't actually exist .
tr	O	Mary had no other scent beside her own , and it was what drew him to her as well .
tr	O	Nash climbed onto the boat and it sagged down into the waves dangerously low .
tr	I	No one had ever heard of the Old Man sending that many at once on any mission , and four of those names were senior field ops .
tr	O	She hated herself for it , but that didn 't change it .
tr	O	The funny thing is , the woman was pointed out to me and she looks very much like someone I once knew .
tr	I	She would rather die , and that if I couldn 't find her mate , no one could .
tr	I	Her head rested on his chest and he pulled her into his arms .
tr	O	Maybe she met a rich college boy , and they 're off cruising the Bahamas .
tr	I	Even durable metal has a breaking point , but I know you said I 'm the strongest person you 've ever known .
tr	I	I jumped , and my phone rang .
tr	O	She tried to hold onto the wall as she crumpled toward the floor but the wall was no help at all .
tr	O	He thought she 'd been steady enough when they 'd left the Keep , but maybe he shouldn 't have left her alone in the Coach .
tr	O	They 'd dodged it for most of the day , and he 'd hoped the storm would be his shield .
tr	O	She nudged him in the elbow and he let her scramble away .
tr	I	It wasn 't fast enough , yet we 'd driven almost nonstop .
tr	O	He 'd only corner her there , and she didn 't have a weapon .
tr	O	You just need to activate the mechanism and the internal electronics should do it automatically .
tr	O	Miss Holmes A Milestone for Miss Holmes Dylan helped me into the cab and I settled onto its seat .
tr	O	It 's like he 's begging me to tease him , and without thought , I slide back to the braver girl at the bar .
tr	O	Any evidence the police had was circumstantial , but people had been convicted on far less .
tr	I	She hadn 't moved far enough , fast enough , and there were only two main highways .
tr	O	In the subdued light , I could see his mouth moving , but he made no sound .
tr	I	I know he 's waiting , listening , but nothing about him has changed .
tr	I	She couldn 't remember what it was , but Spencer knew she was supposed to say her first line .
tr	O	Ilya 's not so slick , but Ivan is .
tr	O	The LED lights just froze and one by one went off .
tr	O	Their skin was crimson , and their teeth were white .
tr	I	I couldn 't shrug it off , and it worried me I should connect the image of Eadie with Sarah .
tr	I	James let out a deep breath , and immediately the boys stilled .
tr	O	He tried to close off his fearful thoughts , but it was no use .
tr	O	I would call it righteous indignation , but the way I 'm still trembling after Trick 's kiss , I think righteous might be a stretch .
tr	I	A smile curls at his lips as he starts to lurk toward me and I step toward him .
tr	I	None had extended to the bedroom , but they may have had problems .
tr	O	She was not content with just his company and he was sick to death of hers .
tr	O	Shai covered her ears , but the inhuman sounds still reached her .
tr	I	It carries to him but her voice is gentle .
tr	O	You are I and I am you .
tr	O	Our progress was slowed by my condition and we had not gone far when I could go no further .
tr	O	Clint Eastwood he was not , but if he got one good hit with the bat he could call himself a man .
tr	I	I want to move on with my life and I have nothing left to give .
tr	O	Her stomach flipped , and her heart raced .
tr	O	The glaring sun played tricks on my eyes , and their silhouettes appeared closer than they were .
tr	O	Mr. Whitman raised one eyebrow and then , surprisingly , smiled .
tr	I	She was really excited to go and Amelia had never been to Vegas .
tr	O	I take it with shaking hands , but I don 't make a sound .
tr	I	She opened the door , and Rema 's face warmed .
tr	O	The angel 's horse shifted at the last minute , and the point plunged undeterred into its throat .
tr	O	He made a face , and I shook my head .
tr	I	My hand cracked across his face and my arm swung back .
tr	O	Steve had constantly told her to lighten up , and his tone had sometimes been full of impatience .
tr	I	I began to disbelieve him , but it is dreadful to say it .
tr	I	It somehow still gets better every time , and I 've been kissing her every day for over a year .
tr	O	I picked myself up , and pain stabbed at me .
tr	I	Everything we do know is perfectly respectable , but we may not know much of him .
tr	I	It 'd make me not want to give up either and I know you 'd never give up .
tr	I	When he hung up the phone , he didn 't even bother grabbing his car keys , but Dawson reassured Bethany everything was cool .
tr	I	I was too preoccupied with saving my brother to be relieved , but these demons didn 't have any beasts with them .
tr	I	She recognized Reese 's voice and it was louder this time .
tr	I	It might take me a while to finish it , but when I 'm done , each piece will hold something about my life .
tr	I	I knew I was right and he looked away .
tr	I	I let him in on a secret but I don 't know what possesses me .
tr	I	Rand had handled it well , but there had been some tension .
tr	O	His body went back to normal and he was feeling his old self again .
tr	O	He could feel the separation and it was almost a blow .
tr	O	Finding the kitchen light switch , he flicked it on and the room lit up .
tr	I	I didn 't know how to fix it and something was broken .
tr	I	She started moving toward me , but Blood poured down her chin .
tr	I	She waved her fingers at her guards , and Rob helped her back into her carriage .
tr	O	It was soothing and ... and she didn 't really know .
tr	O	We did the best we could , but it doesn 't make any difference .
tr	I	She dutifully rose to her feet , but something about his tone made her insides quiver .
tr	I	He kept eating it anyway , but it looked nasty .
tr	I	The gunman swung in the child 's direction , and it sent chills up Rachel 's spine .
tr	O	I looked at the familiar surroundings as I drove and I could almost smell the pollen in the air .
tr	I	I shout and she disappears .
tr	I	He stood behind her to see whatever she was showing him on the computer , and Candace , Brian 's fiancee , sat at his desk .
tr	I	Someone leaked a CSI photo from the latest killing , but we were able to secure the crime scenes before the press arrived .
tr	O	Daemon could 've let him bleed out , but he would never get passed the onyx to get me out .
tr	I	Keep it as a rental ... or or .
tr	I	The doors are missing and the windows are broken .
tr	O	Their relationship wasn 't where he wanted it to be but they were getting closer .
tr	O	The lift doors glided opened on silent hinges and Brennan followed Matthews into the polished metal box .
tr	O	For a moment , she thought he was here as a mourner , but he was staring at her so intensely .
tr	I	He knew just how that felt and she seemed to be at a loss for words .
tr	I	The gangs knew it had something to do with him , and too many gangs had disappeared over the last several months .
tr	I	This is the very thing I need to fuel me and soon I will do battle .
tr	O	He expelled an exasperated sound , but his smile diminished its effect .
tr	O	It was her duty to ensure his safety , and things such as weapons generally came in conflict with that role .
tr	I	The ability startled me , but not that he could have done much damage hanging there .
tr	O	I can 't believe it , but it almost makes me stumble .
tr	I	His eyebrows pulled together , and he set his spoon down .
tr	O	The pleasure was stronger than it was when I was using my fingers and I could already feel myself approaching another climax .
tr	I	Like magic , it began to swing open , and I slammed my foot hard into the corner .
tr	I	He tore at the leather strap to release it , and Dirk had finally figured out how his new helm was secured .
tr	O	There was great risk to him , but greater risk if nothing was done .
tr	I	He pinned her legs down with his own , but she kicked out , trying to strike the big bastard in the balls .
tr	I	I continued on but his staring made me uncomfortable .
tr	O	Daemon shot me a concerned look , and I flushed .
tr	I	She chose to ignore them , but they received a lot of looks , more from the adults than kids .
tr	O	She split us apart , but she never really understood what she was doing .
tr	I	The shower turned on and the door closed .
tr	I	I nodded again , and she looked at me .
tr	I	None could attest to his whereabouts , but many knew of Timmy .
tr	O	He started to get up , but she stopped him .
tr	I	The doorbell rang , and we were all moving towards the door when a shadow loomed across the threshold .
tr	O	There was a tap at the door , and Maya turned , yellow dress in place , hair still bundled in a towel .
tr	O	Thank God Tatiana was off getting a facial , or she would surely have been peppering her with Twenty Questions .
tr	O	He listened quietly , but I watched his hand slowly became a fist .
tr	O	I watched Tristan nod as if he understood everything , but I saw in his eyes it was all a jumble like it was for me .
tr	I	She poured herself some more , and her tea bowl was empty .
tr	I	Now it was too late to take it back and it didn 't come out right .
tr	O	She 'd had to accept the fact that there would be no biological child for her , but she couldn 't entirely let go of their dream .
tr	O	It must be nice to be able to command the market locally and regionally , McGrady thought .
tr	O	Geraldine was bloody independent in her human body , but she let Henry be in charge when they shifted .
tr	O	Sympathy flashed on his face , but his tone didn 't soften .
tr	O	I feel things but there is nothing here to feel .
tr	O	The injections side effects will slowly fade , and with it , she 'll get stronger .
tr	I	She wanted to protect me , and she was an FBI agent .
tr	I	He looked like a very clean-cut man and his brown hair was slicked back nicely .
tr	I	He certainly isn 't my boyfriend , and he 's not my friend yet .
tr	O	A small serpent glowed a vibrant violet and I watched her cheeks blush with pride .
tr	I	The world will believe it was a conspiracy from inside Korea and the South Korean authorities would point the finger north .
tr	I	He felt an inkling of guilt about that and he was turning her life upside down .
tr	I	Michele had appeared from nowhere and we looked up .
tr	I	I came after and he went through an opening to his left .
tr	O	She should have been afraid , but she was only mildly curious .
tr	I	I saw something in the garage sparkle and a streak of lightning lit the sky .
tr	I	He rushed forward , and his eyes connected with her .
tr	O	He smiled , and Roger opened the folder .
tr	I	I can 't remember which guy it was and I hooked up with someone at a party .
tr	O	This silencing of all my prisoners thing had to end , and it had to end now .
tr	I	They were back where they had started and more than half the time gone .
tr	I	There was nothing , but I looked around for something to hide behind .
tr	I	I forget she 's my daughter and she talks to me sometimes .
tr	O	I 'm still highly aroused , but I feel abandoned , rejected .
tr	I	Then added ' Change your modus operandi , and he typed out a message to Barry with the details .
tr	I	Payback would start tonight , minutes from now , but she knew that nothing would bring Drake back .
tr	I	It seems they lead to nowhere but they have difficulty following them .
tr	O	Greg 's preoccupation with societal backlash was endearing , but sometimes it made him hard to work with .
tr	I	The words fell dead upon the pillow , but with every gasped breath she pleaded with him .
tr	I	I lost her not long after , and my wife saw Faith as the daughter she never had .
tr	O	Another director sitting near Ahern drew the breath to speak , but Oban cast him a withering glare before he made a sound .
tr	I	I still felt bad about it , but it was his fault for not booking separate rooms .
tr	I	It appeared to be the best that we were going to get but it wasn 't a ringing endorsement of the shanty way of life .
tr	O	Please let me assure you , we are not shocked and we are not disapproving .
tr	O	He let out a heavy sigh and that just made it worst .
tr	O	You are strong , Mikhail , and your people are right to believe in you .
tr	I	I was cushioned on top of him and he twisted in midair so he took the brunt of the landing .
tr	O	Adrenaline surged , and I twisted .
tr	O	They slowly evaporated in the smoke , and the rising wind carried them away .
tr	O	It had worried the hell out of his mother , but the cravings had stopped after his first hunt .
tr	O	I know you 're hurt by what she did , but I told her they were going to kill me .
tr	O	Her chest was aching , and she just wanted to find a place to be alone .
tr	I	That had worn off in most places , but it had once been gilded with silver .
tr	I	It was the only thing I could think of to keep the future at bay , but I shouldn 't have .
tr	I	There was no way I was putting on any tight pants , and I had slight bruising on my wrists .
tr	O	It was hard to explain , but this house seemed to have good vibrations .
tr	I	He opened his eyes and a few seconds later all movement ceased .
tr	I	I felt a surge of hope , and Patch rested his hand on my thigh .
tr	I	I 'm helpless to stop them and tears fall .
tr	I	His sobs quieted , and Howard finally got a dose of sedative down his throat between wails .
tr	O	Tick felt his mom tense again , and he couldn 't stop her before she spoke .
tr	O	She threw her arms around him , nuzzling her face into his neck , and Mike breathed easy for the first time in over a week .
tr	I	I could tell he was moving something heavy , and Mase grunted .
tr	O	She 'd already moved on to a new boyfriend and here he was , still pining after some girl who had rejected him years ago .
tr	O	His parents do not hate him , but they seem to have overlooked him .
tr	O	I kept looking at the phone , like I wanted to call him to hear his voice , but I knew I shouldn 't .
tr	O	Her lips shook and she looked so miserable Nick couldn 't take it anymore .
tr	O	It seemed like we had avoided the worst case scenario , but there was still a terrifying cloud hanging over our head .
tr	I	She did not know how good Micah was but Parker was one of the best players in the state of Washington .
tr	O	Perhaps that was sufficient , but she needed to do something to make the work environment more enjoyable , to build unity .
tr	I	I was the only one who didn 't pull it out as we got off the shuttle , but I had a gun strapped to either hip .
tr	I	None had tormented him like this , but other partners had whipped his flesh to ribbons , stabbed him , bitten him .
tr	O	I heard the thick , rough voice but it seemed to have no meaning here .
tr	I	I want to know more , but Mani told me some about it .
tr	I	The whiskey flowing down his throat seemed to disprove this , but his mind told him that what he was experiencing was impossible .
tr	I	She resisted , but I tried to pull her to one of the many lounges in the room .
tr	I	They all bless him and every day , it is a party going in the village .
tr	O	Most of the time , he wasn 't looking at me , but sometimes , he was .
tr	I	He smiled back , relieved and Mum smiled at him .
tr	O	The storm clouds roiled overhead , and the distant thunder marched steadily towards them .
tr	I	I dropped my hand and Harry came back in .
tr	O	Monika could barely walk and even though nobody had mentioned it , the fact was that they were keeping this slow pace because of her .
tr	I	The words don 't come , but I pull back to say something .
tr	I	His body was suddenly tense as it knelt beside me , but he didn 't hurt me .
tr	I	It won 't break your skin , but if fragments hit you , it might feel like a hornet nest fell on you .
tr	I	Her words were too close to home but she was just stating the facts .
tr	O	I was supposed to be packing up my belongings , preparing for our drive home that afternoon , but I couldn 't do it .
tr	O	It was barely getting light out , but Morgan knew ranch life started early .
tr	O	Sam was an only child , but Ted was like a brother .
tr	I	Thor rolled out of the way , the blow barely missing his back , and Elden came down with his sword again , slashing down hard .
tr	O	Her eyes were brown , and her face , though pretty , looked too human .
tr	O	The man spoke in English but with a heavy German accent , I thought .
tr	I	I liked it , but it sounded dirty .
tr	I	They tended to Ronald and it wasn 't long before the ambulance showed up .
tr	O	-- Already on the first day you came to visit me , you took this place and you sat down just like now .
tr	O	She looked at James , and he nodded in encouragement .
tr	O	Lily had shields she had developed over the years and it was automatic on her part to use them .
tr	O	Her stomach growled , and her cheeks heated .
tr	O	There were tears in her voice , but Ethan kept climbing , until his head bumped against the hatch .
tr	I	We had a chat about it and I gave Alan Bond a call .
tr	I	He wouldn 't risk having his father find out , but he wondered if he should go to a doctor .
tr	I	I expect you to learn to do the same , and I will never lie to you .
tr	O	Her hands immediately go for my belt and I yank my shirt off , tossing it onto the floor .
tr	O	His secret departure may have been compromised , but all was not lost .
tr	O	It was difficult to find some dry wood but I managed .
tr	O	I 'm trying to act a little younger , but I don 't want to pretend with Elle .
tr	I	Our families have ties that go far back , and I 've known her since high school .
tr	I	There 's no need to ask But uncertain what the dawn will yield .
tr	O	He moves next to me , reaching for my hand , but I pull away .
tr	I	Finally Murray spoke , but it stretched so long Chandler wondered if the man had lost the ability to speak .
tr	I	So far , everything was as I had remembered before and I was back where I had started at the church .
tr	O	Please , God , don 't let it be Jason , she prayed , but apparently God was occupied elsewhere .
tr	O	The words falling out of my mouth don 't make any sense , but I don 't care .
tr	I	This was a business meeting , but any other time , I might have walked out to her as is .
tr	I	I could tell he liked it , but the creature let out a little snort .
tr	I	I 'll be all clingy and you 'll want to move on to the next woman .
tr	O	He didn 't know what time it was in Denmark but his dad always answered his texts .
tr	O	Trystan would talk to me at practice , but that was all I saw of him .
tr	O	Now , I know it sounds a bit sick , but I want to hit every single one of them .
tr	I	It was pretty damning and I saw the evidence .
tr	O	He glanced at me and I smiled .
tr	I	It was still coming down but the rain had slowed up .
tr	I	There are others like him out there , but the one we were talking about is dead .
tr	I	She never lost consciousness of its presence in her grasp , but Kellen let her weapon go to her side .
tr	I	We don 't think he 's done the research , but it appears he has some idea about emu farming .
tr	O	This is my plan , and you are not included .
tr	I	For the first time she hesitated and her breath caught in her throat .
tr	I	I had yet to make a friend , and it was late October now , almost two months into the fall term .
tr	O	He was bigger , but she was faster .
tr	O	She would have expected only a couple of feet , but she fell in a hole more than ten feet deep .
tr	O	I kicked her in the stomach and she screamed in pain .
tr	I	She nudges a heavy wooden door open with her shoulder , and we reach the end of the tunnel .
tr	O	They had laughed a lot and they had enjoyed the move .
tr	I	I 'm not skipping anyone , and I still need to find the traitors .
tr	I	She liked that her skills had improved since they 'd first started , but she had no doubt he could continue for a few more hours .
tr	O	He couldn 't define it , but it felt wonderful .
tr	O	We played three rounds , and I won two out of three .
tr	I	He nodded and she asked .
tr	O	I had known Susie was upset , but I had never expected her to do anything like this .
tr	I	Some of my frustration shook into my voice , and I sighed .
tr	O	He had a good gig at the club , and he didn 't want to lose it .
tr	O	The other three rounded a corner ahead of us and for a few minutes we were alone .
tr	I	They knew why I was doing it , and everybody knew who I was .
tr	I	He stepped back shaking his head but her hand reached for him .
tr	O	It was the Monday of Memorial Day Weekend and she was off the hook for work .
tr	I	I was dying of curiosity , but I 'd refrained from asking thus far , certain I wouldn 't get a real answer .
tr	I	The men seemed to accept me , and I grew accustomed to my duties .
tr	O	She heard him curse and her eyes opened again .
tr	O	It was quiet , and she was alone .
tr	I	It was hard not to cry and I 'd never looked so beautiful .
tr	I	Only fresh death helped them wet them again , and before magic returned to faerie , their hats were dry .
tr	I	She knew that Tod meant death , but she had never heard the word before .
tr	O	Drew turned the other direction but a black SUV pulled in to block the alley 's 3rd Street entrance .
tr	I	The comments are not , but this attitude is like her .
tr	O	As if she feels my stare , she meets my eyes , but she doesn 't have enough spark left in her to mind .
tr	I	It had been years since she 'd had to bow before anyone ... But he 'll leave you alone eventually .
tr	O	His focus in recent months had been on the Singapore deal and his recon work on KCL had been done before Everett died .
tr	O	I try to think back , but it all seems pretty blurry .
tr	O	It had started snowing , and my dad was driving them home to where we lived in Westchester .
tr	I	He held her close and she leaned her head against his chest .
tr	I	The intensity in his stare had a magnetic pull , and he brought his gaze up .
tr	I	She couldn 't quite place it , but it was an oddly familiar taste .
tr	I	There 's still enough light that I can see Lea 's face clearly , but it 's fairly late , the sun descending behind the hills .
tr	I	I stand there , not breathing , not moving , trying not to feel anything , and my lungs refuse to do their job .
tr	O	Willis led Frank into the hallway outside chambers , and Judge Harkin called the Sheriff at the motel .
tr	O	Another sound , and he saw the brown rump of a deer bounding away at the sight of him .
tr	O	He 'd meant to be gracious , but he 'd never done gracious well .
tr	O	Her bladder grew uncomfortably full , and she squeezed out past Liam , promising to be right back from the privy .
tr	I	He feared the consequences and Elijah acknowledged he 'd taken the choice away from Isaac .
tr	O	She had pressed this page against the symbol , and the maroon stains still held every line perfectly .
tr	I	I was using it for a school project at the time , and Dad had just given it to her for Christmas , remember .
tr	O	I want nothing more than to be Damien 's wife , but the truth is that I also want the fairy-tale wedding .
tr	O	He hadn 't eaten since this morning , and he was hungry .
tr	O	Finally his face was illuminated by the soft glow of a streetlight and I was quickly aware of his magical current .
tr	O	In the second round I caught him with my lance and he fell off his horse !
tr	I	I wondered if the offer came with the option to lick his fingers clean as well , and his voice deepened .
tr	O	Francesca was very pale , and she hadn 't come to help save Zev , although she was a tremendous healer .
tr	I	I couldn 't move , but I looked around the room .
tr	O	I 'll say the slide number out loud , and Geoff , you record the results .
tr	O	The bell rang in the hallway , and we started to gather our things .
tr	I	The entire situation began to feel surreal and I asked when the silence became uncomfortable .
tr	O	The small monk had certainly implied that a horrible fate came with failure but he hadn 't said when she was expected to have rejuvenated this madhouse .
tr	I	It doesn 't mean that she likes it , but she understands it 's part of my job .
tr	O	The skin against skin contact was electrifying and she pressed against him , her hips rising to rub against his erection just as it had yesterday .
tr	O	Relief surged through her and she shot to her feet .
tr	I	I don 't look up from my work and my voice is even .
tr	O	The magic burned in my blood , and no matter how annoyingly weak the pregnancy had made me , my power hadn 't diminished too much .
tr	O	My dad was losing control and the boat was tipping .
tr	I	Her body began to hum in response , and she knew he would smell all male .
tr	O	The footsteps followed him for what felt like an age , but he just did not have it in him to turn .
tr	O	One word from me , and you would be banished to stay with a distant Aunt .
tr	I	I swallowed hard and my heart shattered into pieces .
tr	O	When Melanie shook her head his face fell and the bright smile was replaced with a pout .
tr	O	His comment stings , but I let it roll off me .
tr	I	I don 't feel the need to force him out , but he 's in my circle of space .
tr	O	She 'd found a vein this time , but she hadn 't torn it deeply enough .
tr	O	I was joking , and it was way more raunchy than the things I usually said .
tr	I	She kissed me anyway , and I relaxed visibly .
tr	I	He hasn 't filed them yet , but Guy up in Chicago has a bunch of cases .
tr	I	I could hear the anger vibrating just beneath the surface but he sounded deceptively calm .
tr	O	His voice was strong , but his look was playful .
tr	I	We return to the same table by a pool , and I suggest the two of us have drinks alone .
tr	O	He appeared to be favoring the arm on the side of his broken rib , but otherwise he looked okay .
tr	I	I looked too , and he looked down at my feet again .
tr	O	His stomach churned with the conclusions he 'd drawn , but dammit , they felt right .
tr	O	I suppose this means I 'll need to adjust my thinking , but you 'll have to give me time .
tr	O	He was apparently glad to be rid of her and she was equally thankful to have survived the ride .
tr	I	For a moment Shea was curiously thankful , and her back was to him .
tr	I	Addison tore the tape off his mouth and Gregory hauled him upright again .
tr	I	Now we will be united , but the factions have divided us .
tr	I	None of them compared to her best friend 's , but she 'd been to some spectacular weddings .
tr	O	The woman gasped softly and Sam tensed .
tr	I	Kim shuffled in , and he stepped aside .
tr	O	She tried to rise on one elbow , but the effort winded her .
tr	O	His back was to her , but he could sense her fear .
tr	O	Stuart opened his mouth to say something but Love had already pushed open the door .
tr	I	I never moved , but several times my cell phone rang .
tr	O	His father ran his fingers across the hilt but the dragon didn 't come alive .
tr	O	Who knew what sort of questions she might have in seven years , but at least he wouldn 't have to answer this one .
tr	I	He had enough on his plate trying to save Larry without worrying about two of them , and there probably wasn 't much McElroy could do .
tr	O	it might be worse , and then again it might be a good deal better .
tr	I	When no one answered she rang it again impatiently , and Chapter Fifteen Rena rang the doorbell of the townhouse .
tr	I	She could see that he was indeed the man in her mother 's photograph and he came slowly toward her .
tr	O	His head tilts to the side , and I turn my body to face the other direction .
tr	I	She caught it in both hands and he tossed it to her .
tr	I	Nobody outside of us even knows it exists , and you saw the guards as we came in .
tr	O	Rob revved the engine , but the tires were lodged in place .
tr	I	It touched the three male Carpathians , yet there was no chance of the dark horror finding her .
tr	O	I help pull Elder 's arms through the straps of the pack , and it snaps into the hard shell pieces of the suit .
tr	I	He closed his eyes briefly against the movement , and Finn 's head fell back onto his pillows .
tr	O	His stomach lurched and his legs shook .
tr	I	His mother was old and Rash was her second child .
tr	I	I 'm pushing him , and he 's so tired .
tr	I	I can 't tell what he 's thinking , and he looks at me oddly for a moment .
tr	I	He could feel Joni shiver and his body trembled with anticipation .
tr	I	Those who do challenge him stand no chance , and those who are sane dare not challenge him .
tr	O	She loved acting the part of being a wealthy , young socialite , but her personality was very down to earth .
tr	O	The drums took up the dancing beat , and the pipes fell into a dancing rhythm .
tr	O	I 'll stay around here for a few months , but I don 't think it 'll really be necessary .
tr	O	My eyes fixed on her and I kept a calm expression .
tr	I	He had to see the truth of it on some level , but I didn 't expect him to agree right away .
tr	I	He wouldn 't know that , but she hadn 't taken Justin 's name when they married .
tr	I	It was the only museum Della could remember around here , but she really should have come up with a better lie .
tr	O	Victoria stepped toward the building , and as she drew closer , more of its details became apparent .
tr	O	The sun had set , and the moon was high .
tr	O	I couldn 't explain it , but he shook off whatever had been bothering him before .
tr	O	It 's a plain name and she 's pretty plain herself .
tr	O	They simply got in her way and they were a great distraction .
tr	O	I smiled naturally , and it felt good .
tr	I	The stars went black and I dreamt she pulled me close , kissed me , then held me until the sun .
tr	O	It 's this piece of driftwood Joel found and Alice painted when we were really little .
tr	I	Now all I felt was sadness , and our excursion had started on such a happy note .
tr	O	I left my Fig Newton 's with Jesse and she gave me some of her Oreo 's .
tr	O	Elizabeth Manning smiled warmly in Jamie 's direction , but her eyes hardened as they slid toward Rich .
tr	I	Now we 're back for one more , and we made a couple of stops in the area a couple weeks ago .
tr	I	The rifle recoiled down against his leg and his left hand moved .
tr	I	There were an additional two , who never came too close , who did , but now the close guards no longer wore handguns .
tr	O	Vic 's eye snapped open at the sound of the fabric ripping , and he stared at the wolf pup .
tr	O	This took them across the border into Arizona , and Fintan noticed the land rising to meet them .
tr	O	Miss Juliet Lawrence might wish him in hell , but she desired him .
tr	O	A spring of tears comes up unexpectedly and I blink them away .
tr	I	He reached for his bow , and Longbow 's head came up sharply .
tr	O	He threw it at Savannah and she blinked .
tr	I	His thoughts were too distant to be conscious and his vision was getting spotted .
tr	O	They were pretty and they were rocks -- two reasons why she wouldn 't put them in her ears .
tr	O	Her legs ached and her shoulders knotted .
tr	I	It did me precious little good , and that light was my only company .
tr	O	Rice solved the murder case , and it was during that time he had come to know agent Rice as a brilliant agent .
tr	O	Bennett was waiting in the lobby as we exited the wooden doors , and I told him the news .
tr	I	He 's a homicidal genius , but he looks like a Neanderthal .
tr	O	They stood isolated , appearing abandoned ; but Gabby told them of a more sinister story .
tr	I	I 'm terrible with female emotion and I hadn 't expected this .
tr	O	He didn 't know it , but he wouldn 't see them again in four years .
tr	O	It slumps and I rise .
tr	I	He remained silent , but Justin 's gaze met hers , questioning .
tr	I	He continued and I did as Ben said .
tr	I	He spooned sugar into it himself , but nicodemus had the valet pour coffee for Deirdre .
tr	I	I don 't expect a change , but we 'll chat in a month .
tr	O	The slaves all had working fire places by now and those with families had added on more space .
tr	I	I was small then , even for my age and he was a huge dog .
tr	O	I take a breath , and my fingers keep moving .
tr	I	When two great tears began to run down his shaggy face , I felt a little ashamed of myself , but I laughed for a bit .
tr	I	She was in one all the same , but Terri had not gone in the hole as deeply as Beth .
tr	O	I didn 't feel strange walking around by myself , f but I would have much rather gone sight-seeing with Joshua .
tr	I	He had to walk tall , and he was at the front .
tr	O	The water is relatively quiet and the beaches are mostly sand .
tr	O	I brace myself , ready to pretend , but Mrs. Cardona comments jokingly about his lateness .
tr	O	He had mentioned to her about their learning disabilities before , but he never told her about their appearance .
tr	O	He was a patient guy , but he was tired of the kid 's attitude .
tr	O	As it was she had to deal with expressions of sympathy , but the aloof air she maintained protected her from more personal approaches .
tr	I	I need you in my life , but I can promise you damn all .
tr	I	It 's the most beautiful sight I 've ever seen , and he smiles , his eyes crinkling .
tr	I	They were gathering in precisely the same places we liked to , and there were just too many of the little creatures .
tr	I	He 's pretty , but not that smart .
tr	O	Rachel shifted to that side , and when the clerk set the package down she pushed a shirt over it .
tr	O	she had asked him this question before , and he usually dodged right out of it .
tr	O	The mages had a fire in their eyes that the regular men did not , but even they were nearing their limits .
tr	I	When he gave me a hard time , Colt was always close enough to give me some space and Noah was a good little helper .
tr	O	We ate sitting there , and for once I didn 't feel the discomfort I usually felt in adult Barbie 's presence .
tr	O	She meant to please , and she tormented me .
tr	I	Nanny , his cook , would make a stew with it for dinner and it was an easy shot .
tr	O	The entire floor seemed deserted , but I couldn 't shake the memory of the things that had happened behind some of these doors .
tr	O	I wasn 't planning to say them , but once they are out , I don 't regret them even a little .
tr	O	The doctor was sent for , and a stroke was the diagnosis .
tr	I	Her expression is not , but it 's a common pose for her .
tr	I	The impact was minimal , but she expected waves of energy to hit her .
tr	O	He was still fighting his urges and I didn 't understand why .
tr	O	Now we really knew exactly how we felt , and I couldn 't tell you how happy that made me feel .
tr	O	They 'd had a special friendship all that time , and they now had a chance to have even more .
tr	O	I know I 've put her on the spot , but I really want her to make the next move .
tr	O	I didn 't know how I even got up here , but I knew that Scar carried me here , when he climbed the stairs .
tr	I	He found her sitting on the porch , looking out over the city and Neil was the first to arrive home in the middle of the afternoon .
tr	I	Melanie had a very good reason for wanting to get out of the villa but he seemed amused by her eagerness .
tr	O	She wiggled it off and I was able to wiggle it on .
tr	I	I felt more awkward now , but Evan carried me up the stairs as surely as he started .
tr	O	It rang once , twice , three times , and she prayed that someone would pick up .
tr	I	We climb in and I hit the unlock button .
tr	O	She wheels him down to the first floor and I trail behind with his sack of belongings .
tr	I	He was still inwardly chuckling over it and he looked like someone had just told him a really funny joke .
tr	O	Ruby scrambled to her feet , barking , and the half-open door banged into the wall .
tr	O	She made a tentative slashing motion with it , and Eve laughed .
tr	O	I 'm kind of starved , and I can 't stop eating candy .
tr	I	When I focus on losing her , I could cry , but I don 't know her as well as Vel does .
tr	O	I wanted to call what she was having with the teenager a conversation , but it wasn 't .
tr	I	I ended up giving her a very basic explanation of our hunger and Ivy didn 't completely believe me .
tr	I	He leaned closer and a sudden dread came over Nick .
tr	O	She 'd had a rough landing , too , but at least they didn 't flip .
tr	O	His mother was still unconscious but his father was waiting for him , his leg in plaster with metal pins sticking out in all directions .
tr	O	The snow had finally outstripped the plows ' ability to keep up with it , and the scant few cars still on the road were creeping along .
tr	O	He had spoken honestly before , but it was a businesslike honesty .
tr	I	He won 't say what 's up , and something weird is going on with Lucas .
tr	I	His golden brown hair was slicked back , the product making it darker than usual and he was wearing a black , double-breasted , tailored suit .
tr	I	Everyone stil shied away from the open doorway , but there was no light in the wel - shaded kitchen .
tr	O	I was sitting opposite her all the way to Berlin and she didn 't notice me .
tr	I	I wince and he peels back the bandage .
tr	O	Granted , Mason has kissed me on the cheek , forehead , pretty much everywhere , but I 've never had this happen .
tr	I	Then fell into the water with her still on my back , and I stood there for a second , enjoying the feel of her against me .
tr	O	She needed to think this through , but she couldn 't right now .
tr	O	Addy loved Whiskey Creek as much as anyone , but her homecoming was getting more complicated every day .
tr	O	It was her sister 's birthday dinner , after all , and she didn 't want to spoil it .
tr	I	This was much different , but Biting was one thing .
tr	O	The group throbbed with the song and I was in the middle of it .
tr	O	She tried to protest but he wasn 't listening .
tr	O	Duck Creek wasn 't the best place for a base , but they had run out of options .
tr	O	Mordecai 's eyes were fixed on him , and he was silent for a little while .
tr	O	She puts them back in her bag and we stand there for a minute eating .
tr	I	It was enough to feel me with guilt and it was killing her to go against her father .
tr	O	She loved them for that , but she also knew that it had been difficult for them because they wanted to be able to talk about it .
tr	O	It was not a good look on him , but it was a familiar one .
tr	I	We all sat down , and a circle was formed on the grass by the Roman arch .
tr	I	He wouldn 't be able to help himself , and agents were protectors by nature .
tr	I	It took him , what , half a second to attack , and he saw Paul losing it ?
tr	O	She quickly started going home , and he quietly walked behind her .
tr	O	He hadn 't shaved , and his face was shadowed .
tr	O	A car would have made him truly speechless , but this was pretty good .
tr	I	The waiter moved in closer and he pointed at my nostrils .
tr	O	I knew I was cheating , but I 'd take that over looking like a complete idiot .
tr	I	I don 't see that as a bad thing , and it 'll make people happier .
tr	O	He might not have his unnatural strength , but he was still breathing .
tr	I	We bought some refreshments from nearby villagers , who stared at us wide eyed and here our horses were given a much needed rest .
tr	I	It touched many hearts in the audience , and still , they could see that Lea kept going , her will to fight hadn 't been broken .
tr	O	My dad also looked stunned , but then he rose , jabbing the end of his cane at Vlad .
tr	O	I slowly opened up my eyes and we were outside again .
tr	O	I fumble to open the window , but of course , I can 't .
tr	I	After everything that had happened with Noel , Spencer had forgotten , but they 'd made plans to investigate it today .
tr	I	I was completely clueless as to what she was talking about , and we were walking to the car after school .
tr	O	Haven 't you written forty mystery novels , and weren 't a dozen of those actually quite good ?
tr	O	I had to bite my lower lip to keep it from trembling and I was desperate to keep the tears in my eyes from falling .
tr	O	One of them brushed up against her , but then they let her through .
tr	O	She turned to leave but Chuck stalled her again .
tr	I	He gripped her wrist , but she turned to go .
tr	I	I clenched my hands into fists as her familiar sweet scent followed her and Blaire walked into the house .
tr	I	Let 's eat , but for now , it 's good to know he 's guarded .
tr	I	The community was close but our town wasn 't small .
tr	O	He held out the ring and it shone under the streetlight .
tr	O	It took me a while , but I like it .
tr	I	We wouldn 't be here or we all had one .
tr	O	Della didn 't like it either , but she understood it .
tr	O	He didn 't know how he was going to do it , but he 'd never backed down from a challenge yet .
tr	O	Creed was suddenly glad Cal hadn 't wanted Neenah , or he 'd have had to kill the best friend he had in the world .
tr	I	I wasn 't getting it , or he wasn 't getting it .
tr	O	Now was the time , and I jumped .
tr	I	His fingers had no strength in them , but he pushed at the tines of the pitchfork .
tr	I	She would never fit and Good lord , another inch on her backside .
tr	I	He was still family , but we might 've had our disagreements in the past .
tr	O	He 'd have to loop around a dozen neighborhoods to get home , but at least he 'd stay clear of any large groves of trees .
tr	O	He seemed like a perfectly nice guy but he was almost too good to be true .
tr	I	All began taking notes in earnest , each careful not to look at the man and the jury consultants likewise snapped into action .
tr	I	Food wasn 't going to cut it , even during the day , that was all , and Nina must need some sort of nourishment .
tr	I	That alone would have roused him to action , without her taunts , and she 'd mastered the art of clenching her muscles to massage his cock .
tr	I	She was back to feeling terrified , and moments later her emotions finished their orbit .
tr	O	Soon the war would be over and their land would be free again .
tr	I	For the first time ever she wasn 't sure that she would be enough for him , and he was caught up in something .
tr	O	I leaned back in my chair , shocked that he lied to me but able to cover it up before Mark noticed .
tr	I	Then she had left , and she had decided she was leaving .
tr	I	She planned to save the argument against his staying until they were alone , but she 'd already anticipated Roman 's protective streak kicking in .
tr	O	This happened again during the day , and the same procedure was repeated .
tr	O	He smiled , but his teeth looked sharp .
tr	I	He didn 't have to know all that , but we knew it wasn 't going to happen .
tr	O	Her mother 's shoulders shook , her eyes damp , but she held Cara 's gaze .
tr	I	She went on , and he gave her an impatient glance .
tr	I	It was working , and it was clear Nick was trying to get a rise of out Max .
tr	O	It was absurd , but she believed him .
tr	I	A desperate thief gives it no mind , but stealing from royalty meant writing your own suicide letter .
tr	I	He shivered violently , and this brought Brian 's dream back in a rush .
tr	O	Her voice caught in her throat , and she swallowed to get the last line out she practiced for four days .
tr	I	She has to be but she doesn 't answer .
tr	I	Ready to use as I collapsed on my bed and my beautiful little iPhone was on charge .
tr	O	Tessa was torn from her dream by a voice in her ear , and a hand vigorously shaking her shoulder .
tr	O	We could smell it there , and it appeared to be sticky .
tr	O	Their blue eyes circled and the gold armor reflected the setting sun that streamed in from the plane 's windows .
tr	I	Her heart didn 't waver , but her voice quivered with fear .
tr	O	said the voice , and I saw a face looking at me under the table .
tr	O	Adrian 's gaze was fixed on Lee , still hoping for direct eye contact , but he did spare a quick , wry glance at me .
tr	O	Theo nodded , his mouth too full to speak but his eyes twinkling a smile back at Ari .
tr	I	As long as he believed this was what Linda wanted , she knew Jeffrey wasn 't either , and Kevin wasn 't going anywhere .
tr	I	She was being dragged along the sidewalk before she even realized what had happened and her arms were seized .
tr	O	It was long past dinner and we 'd have to find something to eat somewhere .
tr	I	I work out of town and I 'm a meteorologist .
tr	O	Mankind was still in its infancy in that age , and the virtue of compassion hadn 't really caught on as yet .
tr	O	I 've come a long way baby , but not as those cigarette ads would have you believe !
tr	I	That was exactly what Zane needed , in Ty 's opinion , and he was a trained psychiatrist , after all .
tr	O	Tasha 's voice heightened and she leaned toward Camille .
tr	O	Moses had no answer for that , but he knew Amy was hiding something .
tr	I	My voice shook when I tried to talk to her and I was so scared that my own head began to feel dizzy .
tr	O	At the close range it was easy , and Tom went down without a sound .
tr	O	I didn 't really mind the setup , but I did wish I had a way to keep my pens from being stolen all the time .
tr	O	She waited for him to come back out , but he must have been planting .
tr	O	Her voice broke and her shoulders trembled .
tr	O	Joshua 's fingers enveloped the stone , but it remained cool on his skin .
tr	O	Her face was unchanged , but I knew we were about to have a serious discussion .
tr	O	At times I felt sorry for her , but then the snakes came while she slept .
tr	I	The other looked puzzled and one looked very angry .
tr	O	I asked with relief running through me at the thought that Dank was still Death and he was not burning in Hell .
tr	I	Evie 's feeling of terror increased , and he wasn 't going to help .
tr	I	That 's awesome , and yes , Joanne has been clean for three years now .
tr	O	People were scattered all over the beach , but I didn 't see one familiar face .
tr	I	Dylan tied a tarp over it all , and Jace hunkered down with a bunch of junk in the bed of Dylan 's small pickup .
tr	O	Neither of us switched it on , and the silence was somehow intensified by the sudden thunder of the engine .
tr	O	He loses his concentration and I drop back to the ground .
tr	O	Theo was much more so and she was frightened for him .
tr	O	He 's mad at me and he can 't believe I 've done this .
tr	I	Hank wouldn 't be there , and they would be home soon .
tr	O	Humility was a good thing , but being a martyr was as bad as believing you were god 's gift .
tr	I	Luke was injured , and there was a fight .
tr	I	He should 've known better , but he wondered if she 'd retreat inside , maybe even tell him to get off her property .
tr	O	It 's not something I advertise , but I 'm not ashamed of it .
tr	I	There was no hesitance in his steps , but for a brief second , Carmine blanched in fear .
tr	I	Fuel prices sucked ass , and the old Suburban wasn 't built for efficiency .
tr	I	This was ridiculous , but yes , he 'd read pregnant women could be temperamental .
tr	I	We 're going to tell the story that happened in between , and now we 're going to finish that fight that started all of this .
tr	I	I was alone , save for Maria , who appeared in the doorway holding a plate , but the lamp had been lit .
tr	I	His eyes trailed a figure making its way across Regents Park towards his office , and Sir Henry 's attention was drawn away from his missing spy .
tr	I	It now consisted of those specks of light , but her outward shape didn 't seem to change .
tr	I	There were two pairs of friends in the middle rows , and some solo movie goers had snagged seats near the front .
tr	I	That didn 't make it any easier to hear them , but Brianna 's words were obviously a direct quote .
tr	I	She heard the unmistakable sound of the lock flicking into place , and he closed the door .
tr	I	They al went inside , and Elena unlocked her door .
tr	I	They trooped out in the same order they had come in and Lane nodded to his men .
tr	O	She didn 't notice that she was rising from the floor , but Anna did .
tr	I	He didn 't care , but he knew Jonesy did not believe his eyes .
tr	O	Because he was afraid she would leave and he would never see her again .
tr	I	It was the battle of his life but it served him well .
tr	O	Maybe I wasn 't ready to commit , but I wanted him .
tr	I	That story was Lena 's , and Ravenwood always had a story .
tr	I	It was with some apprehension that she opened the door to him and Karen was forced to greet him alone .
tr	I	She stretched , feeling better than she had in weeks and it was an amazingly gorgeous day .
tr	O	I made her take a shower , and she argued with me this time .
tr	O	His speech was even , and his gaze heavy .
tr	O	I tried to talk with him about this but it 's useless .
tr	I	It was Eduard who got up , but they both fell in a heap .
tr	I	For a second my worst nightmare came to life , and she shook her head .
tr	I	She was missing her eyes , and she looked like Lady Godiva .
tr	I	I had to stop myself from kissing her , and she bit her lip .
tr	I	She had always liked it that way , and Liz 's world was rooted in reality .
tr	O	It 's difficult to tell how far the Grass Man is , but the signal gets slowly stronger as we progress .
tr	I	A young woman of the Hunter 's Guild was assigned the task and while living in the Forest he had asked to learn the skill of hunting .
tr	O	His hands were steady and his expression carefully still .
tr	O	I didn 't know that cars could actually sound like music and it drove smoother than any car I had ever been in .
tr	I	I suspected they were together , and Colette had mysteriously gone missing after the wedding , although I saw on the news that Christian Dempsey was back .
tr	I	They all turned up eager for new routines and Miss Daly had an early-morning dance exercise class .
tr	I	He doesn 't answer but I call for Crewe .
tr	O	He closed his eyes and his tears fell onto her skin .
tr	I	You don 't handle her as one with a sorry , mate , and she 's not a man , brother .
tr	I	This time it pressed with urgency against my back as we continued running , but the hand pulled me up again .
tr	I	When mother returned she was regaled with the news and they were both ecstatic .
tr	O	A bird call split the air , and he looked up , glancing around desperately .
tr	I	Seconds seem like hours as I hover toward the surface but I tell myself .
tr	I	Patch refused to let me , but I tried to step back .
tr	O	The move startled the poor guy , but he wasn 't about to protest .
tr	O	His ruling was confirmed in 2009 by the Fourth Circuit , and the case is now headed for the U.S. Supreme Court .
tr	I	His old legs grew tired so quickly , but he was hurrying as best he could !
tr	I	She only stared at me with a cleaver grin , but I waiting a few moments for her to tell me the magic word .
tr	O	To her it was an overwhelming wall of sound , and Ogg had the additional burden of hearing people think .
tr	O	Too many people knew who she was and she didn 't want any connection to her old life .
tr	I	Then I began falling into a warm , sheltering faint , and his fingers caressed my throat , luring the blood to the surface .
tr	I	McCoy had to swerve to narrowly miss hitting the animal , and a large dog bolted out in front of the truck .
tr	O	She looked so lifeless laying there , with her eyes closed and her body motionless .
tr	O	He 'd told her things , hurtful things that mattered , that were real , and just once , she wanted to give him something of herself .
tr	O	I hear her laugh from somewhere , but I can 't figure out where .
tr	O	Her heart was pounding and she felt dizzy .
tr	O	These were for the troupe to sell , but everything Eli owned had once been trash .
tr	O	You 'll eventually learn songs to pick with your fingers , but the important thing right now is to establish the basics .
tr	I	I find myself falling asleep soon enough and I hadn 't realized just how tiring today was .
tr	O	He saw a few Indians , but by taking great care , they didn 't see him .
tr	I	She had little life outside of the mill , and her friends were few .
tr	I	That didn 't matter , but it wasn 't true .
tr	I	I knew something was wrong , and one look at his face .
tr	I	That was yet another thing she hadn 't mentioned to Sam but she 'd broken the contract on the lease yesterday afternoon .
tr	O	Drake laid a staying hand on Elena 's arm but his gaze was on Zack .
tr	I	My legs were wrapped around his waist and I wish we were nak * d .
tr	O	I had invited him and he had shown up .
tr	I	Despite the intensity of his emotion , he remained admirably calm , but Michael 's face began to colour with anger .
tr	O	The soldier guarding the gate seemed to know the driver , and after checking out his identification , let us through quickly .
tr	I	I know you by another name as well , and I have heard much about you .
tr	I	Grandpa didn 't seem quite right , and it was a formal moment .
tr	O	They 'd showered and Kelly had checked Nick 's stitches .
tr	O	Drake had promised to find her cousin 's murderer , but that wasn 't going to happen now .
tr	O	The intersection was known as Overton Square , and it provided Memphis with its best nightlife .
tr	I	I look toward it , and my phone dings again .
tr	O	My feet were lifted off the floor , but they continued to make a running motion , kicking whatever was holding me .
tr	I	His hands went to the zipper of my jeans and he chuckled .
tr	O	This day was going from worse to worse , and Gareth already felt a pit in his stomach .
tr	O	She asks and I nod .
tr	O	The middle-aged guy greeted me in broken English , and I knew it couldn 't possibly be Mayfield .
tr	I	She squeaks a protest and her hand is jostled .
tr	I	It felt delicious ... and she felt his c * ck push inside her with no warning , no preamble .
tr	O	Footsteps clunk on the stairs and I make the decision in a heartbeat .
tr	I	He practically did nothing to stop him either and the Arc wasn ´ t able to keep the object from falling into his opponent ´ s hands .
tr	O	His arm shifts , and I love how that movement causes his muscles to flex .
tr	O	One cheek was pressed flat against the dome of the minaret , and his laugh came out as a wheeze .
tr	O	He had , and it was .
tr	O	A shrill siren erupted from within the machine , and the entire panel of buttons turned bright red .
tr	I	He 'd been an imposing sight and she 'd seen him once standing .
tr	I	I clapped my hand over my mouth the moment I realized what I 'd said , and unspeakable agony f lashed across Henry 's face .
tr	I	He needed to hit the ground running if he was to succeed in saving them and there were three to save in the course of the day .
tr	O	Everyone in the diner looked worried but they had no idea just how worried they should be .
tr	O	He only cares about the campaign and he only cares about winning .
tr	O	It 's soft , but she is crying .
tr	O	He may be attracted to me , that 's obvious , but he doesn 't care for me .
tr	O	He took the colorful pills the nurse handed him , and she left us to continue our conversation .
tr	I	I had to bite my lip to concentrate on courtesy , and I smiled , for all my side was hurting now .
tr	I	I 'm not mad , but what I didn 't plan on was him .
tr	O	The only way to find the mate was to sleep with them and if it was meant to be , they would have matching marks .
tr	O	His color was definitely better and he offered a cheeky grin .
tr	I	He 's not reputed to be a hard master , and the count 's serfs have been running away , though .
tr	O	I couldn 't even see her , but she heard me .
tr	O	Everything that was going to happen already had , and he could change nothing .
tr	O	Jain did not feel like eating , but she felt like arguing less .
tr	O	I gave you a place to stay , food to eat and a life as peaceful as possible .
tr	O	This was Nikki asking him to open up and hadn 't he just said he owed her ?
tr	O	My mouth began to water and I held back a gag .
tr	I	The engines will run , and we 'll be air-tight .
tr	I	In the end I decided we 'd be more valuable to each other as friends , but I promised to consider it .
tr	O	That wine is very good but it only cost a hundred Euros .
tr	I	It was still easy enough to find stragglers , but the berries had been thinned out somewhat .
tr	I	I look over my shoulder one last time , to check if Tobias caught up to us , and my hand shakes when I grab the railing .
tr	I	The creator of the first blanket beamed her delight , and all the ladies cheered .
tr	I	The other was still open to customers and the archway between had a lattice door that could be latched when one store was closed .
tr	I	His sexy little dimple flashed at me and the wicked grin on his lips grew .
tr	O	It 's going to be hard , leaving her for college in a couple months , but I know she 's in good hands .
tr	I	I was ready for a vacation and it had been a long winter .
tr	O	Her motives were pure , but they wouldn 't stay that way if she touched him .
tr	O	She giggled and I sighed .
tr	I	When anyone came near , she lay as one dead , and she made a tourniquet for your arm with strips torn from her headdress .
tr	I	I still don 't look like me , but it 's better .
tr	I	I couldn 't bear it , and I looked at the unease that was written there , plain for al to see .
tr	I	She felt the usual ache when she thought of him , and she wished her younger brother , Drake , were here .
tr	I	Grant 's tensed muscles were ready for action , and two large doors opened .
tr	I	His ghost still kills whoever dares to come inside but he died .
tr	O	He put the chair at one end of the figure eight , and Brady helped him with the blanket as well as he could .
tr	I	She needed to look after him , and she knew , given Dubh 's death , that Conall needed to be cared for .
tr	O	The tone of her voice was skeptical , and I knew I had just one chance .
tr	I	It 's so boring , but that 's all nice I suppose .
tr	O	You still haven 't learned to consider consequences , and you can 't afford that .
tr	O	The doctor shook his head , but a glimmer of recognition came over him .
tr	O	The clouds were winning , and we all knew it .
tr	I	The two of them stood staring in amazement and Betty followed .
tr	I	Most of the younger generation worshiped the ground he walked on , and he was the closest thing there was to a living legend .
tr	I	The blade was a battered lump of flint , and the haft of the axe was now little more than a splintered stick .
tr	O	His gaze shot back up to mine , and for a second , I wasn 't sure if I should have said that .
tr	I	Moreover , alliances between first cousins are undesirable ; and an engagement at your age would be totally rash .
tr	O	I tried to reach you through the office and the receptionist said you were away .
tr	I	I used that chance to pull Elise away , deeper into the valley , and they did , however , pause .
tr	O	Nobody has seen him since , but I 'm still on edge .
tr	O	She held out a present but I didn 't take it .
tr	O	I ask and she nods .
tr	O	He was aware of it , but he could work through it .
tr	I	The next I barreled straight into her open arms , and one moment I stood alone in the middle of the meadow .
tr	O	A military doctor pronounced the young man to be dead and he was duly released from his containment harness .
tr	I	It didn 't hurt anymore , but I could feel the place where his hand had been a moment before .
tr	O	The fact the FBI was here probably meant something but I would have to wait for them to explain it to me .
tr	I	The room is dark except for one of the bed side lights and I open the door to the bedroom .
tr	O	You may have guessed that he was the author of a report which Marion has , and it identifies a number of targets he pursued .
tr	O	Her mom stared at Kylie 's backpack and her worry wrinkle appeared between her eyes .
tr	I	It is your forgiveness I seek , but he will judge me harshly .
tr	I	They could do nothing to prevent this senseless killing but they were devastated at the cruelty of this man .
tr	O	The door opens and I see a man sitting at a desk .
tr	I	A smile tugged at my lips , and I stood there .
tr	I	Both girls turned to him , and Ayako winked .
tr	O	His jaw tightened and he glanced away .
tr	I	By the size of the crowd , she had been and she didn 't like to be the center of attention .
tr	I	Parker was off in a flash , and James pointed in the direction we had come from .
tr	I	Woods didn 't go forward with it , but it was meant for expansion after Woods 's father passed away .
tr	I	The water probably liked it and the girl walked on water .
tr	I	Thomas answered anyway , but Max seemed to address the question to the heavens more than Thomas .
tr	I	I killed him ... and he 's dead .
tr	I	He 'd have to answer to me , or hopefully Joel would keep treating her right .
tr	O	Elizabeth was in the bed , but she wasn 't asleep .
tr	I	I claimed her in that kiss and she opened her mouth to mine .
tr	I	They were whisked back into town and finally the bus arrived .
tr	I	Now I 'm obsessed with it , and I have never paid attention to any of this before .
tr	O	I must admit that I cried as I groomed my horses , crying for what could have been , but it was stupid , impossible .
tr	O	She 'd asked Rob Walker to find his own body , but that had the whisper of altruism attached .
tr	O	The light had turned red and we stopped at the corner for no reason .
tr	I	He wasn 't taking any chances , but she hadn 't said she wanted it to be his .
tr	O	Rachel looks at me for confirmation , but I shake my head .
tr	I	His eyes were filling again but Herbie kept control of his face .
tr	I	I could hardly hear her spoken words for the thoughts that were shouting from her head , and now her eyes blazed .
tr	O	That meant she might fall in herself , but she felt she had to risk it .
tr	I	She wanted no part of that and she had seen what her mother endured as a leader .
tr	O	I 'd never had a sister before , and there was no need to change that now .
tr	O	He 'd said them just minutes ago , and now she was getting her first test .
tr	O	Conversations broke out , and the room went into a quiet uproar .
tr	I	It wasn 't empty either , but the place wasn 't packed .
tr	I	I inhale , feeling calm for the first time all evening and his scent curls around me like a blanket .
tr	I	Staring at someone long enough to capture her likeness amplifies that , and Art is already an intimate thing .
tr	I	His player didn 't dock with the contraption they used in the hangar but Alec tried to explain to me that he preferred country music .
tr	O	She left the office and he scrambled to follow .
tr	I	His face gave away nothing else , yet Rabbi Raphael got a twinkle in his eyes .
tr	I	At other times it was her father , and sometimes her mother was the one holding the knife .
tr	O	All the men at the table were smiling , and even Fiji looked amused .
tr	O	He knew what he was signing up for in the beginning , and he doesn 't mind .
tr	O	I open my mouth and he cuts me off .
tr	O	He had suspected as much , but now the reality of it came crashing down on him .
tr	I	Instead he felt excitement , and his normal lethargy retreated .
tr	O	The work seemed to take hours , but he never complained .
tr	I	It still nagged at me , but I knew that wasn 't true .
tr	I	I again felt the warmth , the connection between us , and our eyes met .
tr	O	The guards hesitated , and then a phone rang .
tr	O	I felt dizzy for few minutes and when I went back to a sound mind , they were gone .
tr	O	To the West he could see the sun setting , and the growl in his stomach told him it was getting late .
tr	I	Bod had long ago discovered the loose wooden board in the back , but a huge padlock on the door protected the contents of the hut .
tr	I	He little noticed , for his thoughts were just as unruly but his patched cloak flapped wildly in the wind .
tr	O	Mr. Burns 's little beady eyes gleamed with excitement and he smirked , causing his cheekbones to jut outward .
tr	I	It was muffled by his hand but I screamed at the top of my lungs .
tr	O	It 's safe to do some swimming , and I brought a picnic .
tr	I	He was growing cold , and the shock of the wreck had begun to fade .
tr	O	I laughed and he chuckled .
tr	O	Nobody wants initiative in business as it will not only mean extra work , but worse than that , the added trouble of the hierarchy .
tr	I	He was beginning to recover his senses , and as she had promised , the moss had eased the pain to a dull roar .
tr	I	I remember the hot spots on his lower abdomen , and he executes a lovely wa .
tr	O	I backed away as fast as I could , but I 'd only made it a few yards when I collided with the front of a building .
tr	O	We already knew that they ambushed us , but we assumed it was the same as wolves hunting a deer .
tr	I	They 're not , but I wish I could say the chances of Mr. Patrick winning at least partial custody were slim .
tr	I	Her vision changed completely and a heads-up display came online , which linked directly to her implant .
tr	O	Now , if you want to leave , that 's okay , but at least give me some time to further myself before you make that decision .
tr	I	They planned to leave in ten minutes , and Tully was calling her right now .
tr	O	I take a swipe at the craft just to see how it feels and I can ´ t describe the feeling .
tr	O	The impact was less forceful than Samara thought , but the glass breaking almost sent him into shock .
tr	O	Possessions were territory , and territory was respected .
tr	I	Cleon had at least been smart enough to know that appealing his case would have been useless , and the board had fired him .
tr	O	It was a hard call to make , abandoning the prisoners in reflection time , but there was nothing I could do for them right now .
tr	O	He stood up abruptly , grabbing our trays , and I struggled to my feet , still feeling shaky .
tr	I	I can 't admit it , but I know there 's no future for us .
tr	I	She realized Seth had not been caught , and then Errol yelled about an intruder .
tr	I	She seemed to enjoy it , but I had no idea what .
tr	O	Ben sat in the back next to Layla , and they held hands .
tr	O	Even the moonlit dust motes were hanging motionless in the air , but I could hear the screeches of the demons as they approached .
tr	O	It was a mess , and he was to blame .
tr	I	I hated the taste , but drinking seawater wouldn 't make me ill like it would a human .
tr	O	Her eyes shot open , and she looked over at Seth 's empty bed .
tr	O	The nets were long gone , and someone had decorated the turf with graffiti .
tr	I	It seemed as if he was having trouble focusing and his speech was slurred .
tr	O	She supposed it was his southern upbringing , but she had to admit she liked it .
tr	O	She didn 't explain much and her friends promised to cover her from the teachers .
tr	O	The man 's face turned red , and his eyes bulged from the pain .
tr	I	That made leaving him even more difficult and she knew she cared deeply for him .
tr	I	Even so , they were too late , but it was only a few short moments till they got there .
tr	O	Dunk liked to tease the boy about that hat , but just now he wished he had one like it .
tr	I	The moon had disappeared , plunging the bright snow-covered riverbanks into darkness , and above him the clear sky was clouding over with heavy snow clouds .
tr	O	Amanda knew what I did , and she didn 't seem any different with me .
tr	I	I 'm really going to enjoy driving a sports car for a change and I 've been driving the cheap Pinto for four years .
tr	O	Kane tried to lead her to speak , but he didn 't know where to begin .
tr	O	I dove for the open elevator , but in midair , something stopped me ... abruptly .
tr	I	She wiped them away and happy tears rolled down her cheeks .
tr	O	Her head went backwards with the impact , but I was not done .
tr	I	When he opened his mouth nothing came out , and Gabriel 's brain stopped working for a moment .
tr	I	Many of you have been here your entire lives , but I 've been here for forty-eight hours .
tr	I	Everyone turned to watch them and finally the two brothers appeared .
tr	I	She 'd do it in the end , but Tiger was proving difficult to defeat .
tr	O	Simon 's breath caught silently , and his heart began to race .
tr	I	That might have been bad in itself , but the block only saved Payton from been launched away .
tr	I	He left them twitching in the dirt and two more soldiers fell beneath his blade .
tr	I	Once again the tears came up in his eyes and he looked at me .
tr	I	His skin had turned an ashy tone , and the glassy stare continued to observe the ceiling .
tr	I	Edward can 't be handed to any man , but I can hand someone my guns .
tr	I	More likely it was his armor , but it could have been his eyes .
tr	O	He felt utterly comfortable with her , and when he thought of something happening to her , his mind went blank white with rage .
tr	I	My parents died last year so there are no responsibilities keeping me here and I am an only child .
tr	O	He was the first , and he 'll be the last .
tr	I	No in-laws piled in for a week and Candi asked , dreaming now of beaches .
tr	I	The sleeves rolled up to his elbows and he had the top two buttons unbuttoned .
tr	I	He sighed softly as he pulled me tighter to him and I could also feel his heartbeat increase .
tr	O	I have the feeling the president thought the emergency channel was impenetrable , and someone will end up dead tonight because it was breached .
tr	O	We fell into silence and I thought about what my life had been like during that very dark period when I met her .
tr	O	The glass vibrated , but it didn 't break .
tr	O	She must be almost there , but her swollen hip was wedged .
tr	I	I nearly ran smack dab into Brodie 's chest , and I opened the door to escape the workout room .
tr	I	The fingers were not going to budge , but she yanked harder , causing the whole body to jerk .
tr	O	Maryanne felt his scrutiny , and it flustered her .
tr	I	Looking down the coastline at them , I could see they were agitated , but normally they would be out at sea , like the fishermen .
tr	I	It was going to take more than that to get him to come around , but he nodded once , accepting her words .
tr	O	I pawed at the pile , searching , and then I spotted the long locks half covered in a nearby clump .
tr	I	I could tell that there was no dissuading him from his doubts , and his face took on a very grim expression as he shook his head .
tr	I	I wrinkled my nose , and the slight pressure burned .
tr	I	It 's a chance I had to take , but I was worried they would feel betrayed by the both of us .
tr	O	She picked up Ima and they started for the bathroom .
tr	O	His hand is ashy , cracked in spots , and I want so badly for him to disappear .
tr	I	A rock path existed a short distance away , and branches of a tree hung overhead .
tr	I	She stalked toward a giant , muscled man with yellow scales instead of skin and it was night .
tr	I	It 's enough for the short term but he 's not rich by any means .
tr	I	The linen ruffles gave the jacket an elegant renaissance look , and the embroidery on the back was too cute for words .
tr	I	They were confined to barracks and the departure was delayed for a month .
tr	O	Jakob definitely had the better build , but Steve had the knife .
tr	I	The whole time , he didn 't feel right ... but I can 't explain it .
tr	I	They didn 't expect him to , and he never told them the complete truth .
tr	O	Even Wes wouldn 't have stood for it , and Wes didn 't even like killing spiders .
tr	O	His arms were slightly bent at his side , and legs were partly separated .
tr	I	A few moments later , she heard the sound of the suite 's main door closing , and she stood there , in the darkness .
tr	I	The rain gutter hanging askew , and she noticed the crooked light fixture on the left side of the garage .
tr	O	Demos unloaded his cargo and within hours they were once again in the open sea .
tr	I	Clara finished , leaving half of her plate , and he started eating .
tr	O	She put her arm around him , and they continued their walk to school .
tr	I	She 'd felt things in that dream that just didn 't seem right and he 'd featured so prominently !
tr	I	I begin to internally panic and I realize what 's about to happen .
tr	I	She had no intention of dealing with him , but she knew the man was waiting for her .
tr	O	The game continued , and Sebastian gradually increased his stack .
tr	I	Tonight things seemed darker , but normally , there was plenty of light on the walkway .
tr	I	I accepted it with a smile , and the compliment was about the extent of Robert 's vocabulary .
tr	O	It was now Saturday morning and the time was 9.45 am .
tr	O	Desire ignited into lust , and she felt the flames of it radiating out from the center of her body .
tr	I	It was obvious he was trying so hard for her benefit , and he was just too funny .
tr	I	She jumped , swinging her eyes to him and he 'd startled her .
tr	I	Danny sang how the public should check them out in the music shop and chords changed .
tr	O	That was the understatement of the year , but he was trying not to upset her anymore than he had to .
tr	I	We shared a private chuckle at the strangeness of all this , and he looked at me with playful , sexy eyes .
tr	O	All the roads were closed , and I couldn 't get her to a hospital .
tr	I	It was the safest place for her , but it wasn 't much .
tr	I	That 's gon na cause a lot of trouble , master , and I GAVE THEM WHAT THEY WANTED IN THE STORE ... ' Yeah .
tr	O	Isabel took one with a beaver on the side and I took one with a bank name on it .
tr	O	He would get reprimanded and if nothing else , maybe someone without an evil grudge against me would be assigned to my case .
tr	I	I am paralyzed by what that means for me , but I need to force myself to action .
tr	O	Arlene asked , and I looked around .
tr	I	My arms just as a shot rang out , for a split second I was certain she was shooting at me , and I stopped waved .
tr	I	You may descend , or you may stay .
tr	I	No one had ever locked him away like an animal because of it , and people didn 't judge him based on genetics he couldn 't help .
tr	I	That was also pure politics , and you had to get your lab funded from outside sources .
tr	I	Most were giant bipedal wolves , but some were in human form .
tr	O	Blue laughed , but the man didn 't .
tr	I	He still had no idea what she wanted from him , but she may not be a hooker .
tr	I	The barrier was soon a steel wall , and the appearance of the blade in his hand strengthened his resolve further .
tr	I	A hot meal was being provided to everybody and they had the gas in the kitchen going .
tr	I	She still hadn 't continued , but they waited for several minutes .
tr	I	With a sharp elbow he pushed me to the side , but I did everything in my power to restrain my father .
tr	I	Invariably , they were empty , yet I began to tear open all the drawers I could find .
tr	O	Her leg snaked out from underneath the covers and she stretched .
tr	I	A sound escaped him , and he lowered his head .
tr	O	Bennett saved the deal , and they ordered .
tr	O	It was a protest of a few dozen people carrying signs , but two of the men were kicking the side of the Ferrari .
tr	O	Sean looked at her as if trying to decide what to do , and his blue eyes were shadowed with emotions she couldn 't read .
tr	O	It simply wasn 't possible , but somehow I managed to hear a voice emanating through the water .
tr	I	She says it and she senses the right thing for each person to hear .
tr	O	I am assuming he 's wearing a wire of some variety , and he probably wants to talk about the gold .
tr	I	He smothered that feeling but the cynic in him started to take over .
tr	I	She dreamed of a faceless man with black wings sprouting from his back like a bat 's , and then they were gone .
tr	O	Rachel jumped into the front seat of his Ford pick up truck and off he drove towards the movie theater .
tr	O	He clasped his case closed and Nick left with him .
tr	O	Not exactly what I was expecting and I didn 't understand what that all meant .
tr	O	He had an inkling she knew , but he hadn 't had the courage to broach the subject .
tr	I	I 've a world of experience , but I may be young .
tr	I	I hope we can get the poison analyzed , and the darts are in my safe .
tr	I	I got him better , but he got me good .
tr	O	She was looking right into his eyes , and the smile faded from her face .
tr	I	She glared at him suspiciously , and that brought Pippa up short .
tr	I	She left that part out , but actually , they didn 't come by on other days , either .
tr	O	Grant hadn 't taken kindly to Andrew 's honesty , and their relationship had been strained ever since .
tr	O	Naya tried to stay , but Sasha just wanted to sleep .
tr	I	Now it seemed deeper , somehow , but there had always been a sense of purpose to her .
tr	O	Something deep inside of me shifts , and it 's not the good type of stirring .
tr	O	The distant sight of her , in the foreground of the sinister structure , stirred some emotion deep within him , and he was obliged to speak .
tr	I	Once Thayer 's moved , our chances of freeing him anytime soon get very slim , but our man inside doesn 't know why .
tr	O	For one beat her heart slammed painfully in her chest , and then she relaxed , smiling sweetly at the vampire .
tr	O	Maybe at the moment they were psychosomatic things , but she could still feel them down there .
tr	O	Everything was , and everything would be unless I got rid of her .
tr	O	She called me occasionally , but I hadn 't seen her at all .
tr	I	It 's obvious that Minna is playing a different game than what any of us expected of her , but I don 't know what just happened .
tr	I	Hank had other plans , but the fight should 've been over .
tr	O	It had started with Mike , and they wouldn 't stop until they had the data back .
tr	I	No one knows who you are , but you 've written some articles that are unfavorable to me .
tr	O	Their eyes met and she smiled .
tr	O	As she headed out , I asked her if she needed a ride , but she said she wanted to walk .
tr	I	I headed home and we shook hands .
tr	O	The ice dragon looked smaller than she had ever seen it , and she understood what the heat of summer was doing to it .
tr	I	I followed her outside and she picked it up .
tr	O	Melissa squared her shoulders , still giving me the silent treatment after our tense discussion in the car , but questions were all over her face .
tr	O	We were all out of breath from moving fast in such cold air , but it felt good to have accomplished something .
tr	O	She imagined how proud her parents would have been , and suddenly all the petty things she thought were so important really didn 't matter anymore .
tr	I	She hasn 't noticed , but I turn to Zuzana .
tr	I	Then headed out to the truck for the long drive back and they paid the bill , leaving the waitress a very generous tip .
tr	O	I began to protest but she didn 't care .
tr	O	My cousin has some really nasty rap stuff he let my brother and me listen to .
tr	O	I knew that James wasn 't touching me , but all I could think about were his hands on me .
tr	O	The bionic ear is a little clumsy , but I have no intention of getting too close to our ' brothers ' .
tr	I	I 've been looking for SO LONG , and you are everything I 'm looking for in a woman !
tr	O	He lifted me up , and I wrapped my legs around his waist .
tr	I	I couldn 't find where to say yes from , but the car , a warm shell of light , seemed heaven .
tr	I	There was no way I was going to be able to fall back asleep , and add in the noisy birds .
tr	O	The hardship was great , but it was nothing compared to the silence .
tr	O	My fingers tightened around the pen in my hand and I blinked , sure I 'd heard him wrong .
tr	O	The elevator stopped and the doors opened .
tr	O	He was asking her to be honest with him about the night he 'd rescued her from the mine , but she couldn 't .
tr	O	He has a whole clan to care for , new wounded coming in daily , and a war raging around us .
tr	O	He stood just under six feet , and it was obvious he worked out with weights .
tr	O	I buried my face in his pillow , making a mess of the deep blue silk , but he didn 't seem to mind .
tr	I	The gargoyle that now held the troll didn 't look in any mood to hear her pleas , but she was alive for the moment .
tr	O	I 'm not entirely sure their exact duties , but I imagine they are there to help you in the hunt .
tr	I	They were immovable , but she pushed against his shoulders .
tr	I	He had no claim to it and even if the money was a gift we hadn 't expected , it was our gift .
tr	O	The color came from the gas , and each spike reacted differently to it .
tr	I	I 'm not sure what crazy plans they might have and I don 't trust them as we enter the dense part of the forest .
tr	O	This was going to be damn near impossible , but he couldn 't slip .
tr	I	A drop was better than nothing , but it was a drop in the bucket toward satisfying the landlord .
tr	O	Bree suddenly gripped my elbow , and I jerked back , startled .
tr	O	I 'm retired now and my eyesight is failing .
tr	I	Automatically my eyes went half mast and I felt a rush of heat between my legs .
tr	I	I guess we owe her that , and if it 's possible , I think that would keep Kirsty smiling .
tr	O	She 's wearing my shirt and I love that she is .
tr	I	The nice thing was I knew Aaron definitely wouldn 't be there , but I wasn 't into music enough to know much about that scene .
tr	I	Much to everyone 's dismay she folded straight out of room , which set the alarms shrieking , and she lifted her arm .
tr	O	I would be benched from the game and hurting my teammates for something I didn 't do .
tr	I	She needed to be close to him so she could hear him if he awoke , and she needed to sleep .
tr	I	It quickly vanished when he saw her expression , but when Blake came around the corner , he had a smile on his face .
tr	I	She screamed and the woman 's eyes shot open .
tr	O	I guess that doesn 't make me a very nice guy , but I don 't care .
tr	O	The train reached the end of the line and he walked towards the building .
tr	O	A breeze fluttered the pages and she turned to the one she studied most , the famous HOLLYWOOD sign .
tr	I	I 'd missed partaking of both recently , and the dark rapture of his bite was second only to making love to him .
tr	I	The blow glanced off his chin , and Sam leaned to the side .
tr	O	He knew he shouldn 't touch anything , but he was wearing gloves .
tr	O	The fog delayed take off , and I changed my mind about this so many times .
tr	I	He definitely didn 't want to do that and she 'd make him return everything .
tr	O	Nathan hadn 't said another word , and I refused to ask questions , fearing the answers .
tr	O	I really liked her , but she talked a lot .
tr	I	My best friend is an expert , but I 'm not good when it comes to fashion .
tr	O	They hurt my little sister , and I 'm tired of seeing her hurt .
tr	I	This time I actually made contact and I tried again .
tr	O	It must have been at least fifty blocks before we cut on to Bowery and I lost count of the number of streets we passed .
tr	I	The old woman 's magnifying glasses were masking her expressions , but she was waiting for any reaction from the old woman .
tr	I	One of the chain links had been cleanly broken with a bolt cutter , but the lock was fine .
tr	I	Their lips met in a volatile fury , and she wrapped her other leg around him .
tr	I	It 's hidden , masked by my own racing one but maybe a pulse does exist .
tr	O	There were shadows under her eyes , and her cheeks looked hollow , wasted .
tr	O	I couldn 't get inside her head and it was driving me crazy .
tr	I	He frowned and my voice broke .
tr	I	The men approached us and he pointed toward Jane .
tr	I	She knew someone was there , but she couldn 't see anyone .
tr	I	I couldn 't keep my eyes open and my head lulled to one side .
tr	I	I pressed it , and underneath the photo was a button headed ' more info ' .
tr	O	James clicked , and Demon began to walk .
tr	I	A good club crawl was just what I needed but we didn 't do it often .
tr	I	I held hope that Kiran Kendrick would change things for the better , but his father might be a bad guy .
tr	I	He had absolutely no reason to call her back and he knew who 'd just tried to reach him .
tr	O	Kennan was healing rapidly and I knew that the doctors must have been using some of their special healer juju on him .
tr	I	We were in terrible shape and unfortunately we had all gotten food poisoning the night before .
tr	I	It didn 't detract from the beauty of her pale skin , yet the underwear was unattractive .
tr	O	Seeing her made my wolf respond and he nearly changed before I pushed him back down .
tr	O	She didn 't want to consider what that sludge must be composed of , but the pungent stink was an overpowering clue .
tr	O	Reese left with a jaunty wave , and Alix wished him a good game .
tr	O	I knew I would never get an answer but I was ok with that .
tr	O	He kicked the door a few times , but it didn 't break open .
tr	O	They were in the elevator when another growl came from his stomach and a cramp doubled him over , bringing him to his knees .
tr	O	It was only then that I gave the room a second look , and I realized I was in Nick 's house .
tr	O	Fireworks burst in my blood vessels and I cried out from the intensity .
tr	I	They were in darkness , and he thumbed the curtain closed .
tr	I	The fencing master had the final word , but the younger ones had protested hotly when refused .
tr	O	It seemed like a small triumph , but I took what I could get .
tr	I	The stars sparkled , but it was pitch black outside .
tr	I	I follow , stumbling over my own feet as the world sways from my dizziness and when the ticket guy opens the door , Kayden hops out .
tr	I	It would drive him crazy , or he 'd have to fix me .
tr	I	We do know more about the enemy than ever before , but we don 't know exactly what we 'll be facing .
tr	O	Each memory is as sharp on my mind as if it had happened five minutes ago , and I am grateful .
tr	I	The man left , and Sage thanked him .
tr	O	A vacation was due , and I was entertaining the thought of taking my car on an extended tour of Oregon .
tr	I	I lost my nerve , and it went directly to voicemail .
tr	O	At that moment nothing else mattered but to get to her .
tr	I	The man didn 't even turn , and Sam passed him not a foot away .
tr	O	Eventually , she might welcome him into her head , but Rory wasn 't the most trusting woman he 'd ever met .
tr	I	It was his least favorite place to go with his father , and Jared had spent endless hours at Titan Mercantile as a child .
tr	I	I 'm supposed to study , and he brings that horrible priest over every week .
tr	I	A substantial portion of her breasts spilled out over the neckline as well , but not just her ankles were exposed .
tr	I	Blue veins like ripe cheese stood out on his forehead , and the man 's greasy hair was brushed back from his head .
tr	I	My mom came running in that she had stopped crying and I didn 't notice until Allison was on the couch .
tr	O	I tried to tell you earlier but you insisted it was a dream so I had to let you see for yourself .
tr	I	It also piqued her interest , and this seemed to resolve Marcia 's confusion .
tr	O	Daphne turned her glare to me , but I glared right back at her .
tr	I	I tried to think of a reason why he would keep secrets , and something he didn 't want to tell me .
tr	I	Some of them were smarter than me when it came to computer security , and there were way too many crazy people out there .
tr	I	The incoming current was too strong but I started to swim toward him .
tr	I	I couldn 't hold back a groan , and her hips shifted against me .
tr	O	A few minutes later my door opened and Benny stepped in , dressed in full Junior Enforcer garments .
tr	O	Her Rosewood Day graduation was in an hour , but it wasn 't like the school was allowing her to take part in it .
tr	I	Men had been burned for werewolves before , but it was uncommon .
tr	I	His look seemed to oppose his reassurance , but I may not have been a lie detector .
tr	O	Serve me well , and you will all go free .
tr	O	Albert had tried to explain , but a memory had unfolded anyway .
tr	O	Werewolves can have only one mate , and it can 't just be anybody .
tr	I	With her , you could never tell , but I didn 't see any noticeable marks .
tr	I	He grabbed my hands , and Jakob 's tone changed .
tr	I	Eli smiled and she laughed .
tr	O	I was broken , destroyed , and although he tried , Elliot couldn 't put me back together again .
tr	O	I asked , and he nodded .
tr	O	You will function as before and you will not lust for blood in any way .
tr	O	I would have given up the world for him and he couldn 't even raise his voice against his family 's irrational decision .
tr	O	Even with bed head he was unbelievably handsome and he loved her .
tr	I	She jumped in alarm , and the phone rang again .
tr	I	We could make do here , but I felt more like a squatter than an honest renter .
tr	O	It is my necklace , after all , and it was in my purse .
tr	I	The mood turned darker still , and they stared up at me in my man 's clothing , a rifle in one hand .
tr	O	she gasped , and I laughed .
tr	I	His green eyes were still the same , but he had changed quite a bit .
tr	I	He couldn 't walk forward , but Brock was big enough that he was able to stay up .
tr	O	The lightning illuminated the hall , and one of the men upstairs shouted something .
tr	I	Now it 's just annoying , but it was cool at first .
tr	I	Graeme led Eveline to the raised high table and tavis made a nodding motion with his head .
tr	I	London is out of its preferred hunting ground , but I 'd say this was a Nag .
tr	O	This country is like an entire kingdom of children , and we are too few adults to bring them to obedience .
tr	I	He was a billionaire , but all of that sounded terrible .
tr	I	I should have been cold and it was late early fall .
tr	I	He said YES and I told him I wanted to have a picnic down by the dunes this weekend !
tr	I	They are -- but it hurts that my true memories of her are so much faded .
tr	I	A fire sprang to life in the hearth , and he made a gesture with his hand .
tr	I	Panic lit up inside Thomas , and the sounds of destruction behind them faded as they ran down this new path .
tr	O	I stopped there , but he just waited .
tr	O	I tried to listen to them , but all I could hear was the background noise .
tr	O	Tom saw the hand glow red , and then he felt like his whole body was on fire .
tr	I	He could not make a connection , but somehow her voice sounded uncomfortably familiar .
tr	O	Lying would diminish everything we 've shared , and I don 't want to do that , even though I know you will feel betrayed .
tr	O	It was strange , and that could be part of the reason talking with him had made her so jumpy .
tr	O	She 'd never been a large woman , but now she looked shrunken , almost lost in the hospital bed .
tr	O	He asked my parents for my hand in marriage and they refused .
tr	O	I raised my brows at his arbitrary choices , but I put them on without a protest .
tr	I	He snarled , and Eric 's hand sprouted claws .
tr	I	She 'd revealed the whole sordid tale , grateful to have the secret out in the open and he 'd gone to visit her loaded with questions .
tr	I	His hand was steady as he began to cut the thread away but Bishop approached with the care someone would take with a wounded dog .
tr	I	Her hair is pulled back and she has a tank top on .
tr	O	Evie went back into the study , and suddenly all eyes were on her .
tr	I	It was my own , but it was a humble plan .
tr	I	I saw the faintest shimmer in his eyes , and his lips pursed to hold his jaw tight .
tr	O	The man 's larynx quivered and he pulled at the kerchief .
tr	I	His tone suggested there was more he wasn 't saying , and the eagerness she usually heard in his voice was gone .
tr	I	The bullet was deflected into the wall and the Tidal Wave pulsed from my body as the gun fired .
tr	O	The light from the sun made an appearance but the shadows from the trees prevailed .
tr	O	I tried to call the cops several times last night once I got my head clear and I was thinking straight again .
tr	O	Their boots came close to where I was hiding , but luckily they did not see me .
tr	I	Dr. Steve knew that I might have been the one seriously wounded on that hillside , but he was the one who 'd been shot .
tr	I	You were right , and yes , you did say that .
tr	I	Her legs were as skinny as twigs , and she was barefoot .
tr	I	I could feel myself blushing and he laughed again .
tr	I	The sooner Josie took control the better and Hannah wasn 't going to give an inch .
tr	I	She didn 't like carrying bags in her hands , and it won 't fit into the purse .
tr	O	She glanced around quickly to see if anyone had noticed , but no one was even looking in their direction .
tr	I	You can make a pretty good incendiary device with it , but I 'm not a big fan of nail polish myself .
tr	I	Then for the merest instant it was like an erupting volcano , and there had been no hint of his abilities until he unleashed .
tr	O	I understand that these people can be busy most of the time , but trying to function on thirty minutes of sleep ?
tr	I	She wouldn 't do it , but he probably wanted her to bail him out .
tr	I	I knew what it meant , and I felt a stirring inside me , a stirring around me .
tr	O	It seemed almost unthinkable , and it 'd all be because of Josh .
tr	I	We knew them all and there were many funny parts in the story .
tr	O	His heart skipped a beat , and he tried the bathroom door .
tr	O	When I saw a mass of angels clamoring to escape the square I threw another fireball into the crowd , and again , Tristan stopped it .
tr	O	I brought him up to date on what I had been doing and the day I 'd had .
tr	I	Her tongue refused to release the words , but Iseo tried to answer .
tr	I	His legs felt like lead weights and his eyes were heavy .
tr	I	Her eyes wanted to close and her head started to swirl .
tr	I	Alexa spends her life being dragged from one dusty dig to another , and her parents are archaeologists .
tr	I	It still meant nothing to Norman , but the image was sharper at the edges .
tr	I	This time I saw everything through Quinn 's eyes , but I 'd been there many times before .
tr	I	He let Jules lead him away , but Jack didn 't take his eyes off of Cole .
tr	O	The Idaho Governor had appointed himself to the Senate and that body had voted him onto the Cabinet .
tr	O	It was time for me to step down anyway , but I 'm sick to death of this .
tr	O	Henry glanced at the picture , and pain flashed across his face .
tr	I	There was no one in , but he forced the back door .
tr	I	His money from his grandmother was just sitting around , and he was buying me things because it made him happy .
tr	O	The door to Ivy 's nursery was ajar and he stepped inside .
tr	I	By now the sky seemed far too low , and the cold made her shake .
tr	I	We follow and the senator walks into his house .
tr	O	Another flight attendant passed , and Jax flagged her down .
tr	I	I snatched out to grab onto my Dad 's hand before he walked away and I just stared blindly in front of me .
tr	I	I rub my hands over my arms quickly to smooth them down and goosebumps cover my skin .
tr	O	He really cared about me ... and I got him killed .
tr	O	He had taken the right trail and this was the village Hea .
tr	I	I jump , and the stone back of the throne chair moves .
tr	O	The top button on her blouse was gone , replaced by some grease smudges , and there was a tear her skirt .
tr	I	She caught a glimpse of his eyes and his glasses fell down on his nose .
tr	I	She dropped the straw , watching it slow , and one , two ... three turns .
tr	I	Her feet moved faster but she didn 't reply .
tr	O	The last few hours had been quite productive and the four of them posted their input on the whiteboard .
tr	O	He was saying the truth , but to hear him be so harsh hurt something inside me .
tr	I	She felt frozen inside and Jonas looked at her as if he would see through her .
tr	I	She couldn 't tell him that , but she 'd also had to quit .
tr	O	Chapter 16 The alarm went off and I jumped into the shower .
tr	O	As they neared the rear door of the house , it opened and a smiling Gail stepped outside .
tr	O	There might well have been superb designers out there , but they had not found them .
tr	I	She shook so hard she could not hold the pen steady , but he guided her back to her writing desk .
tr	I	I didn 't want the noise , but I could have shot him in the back .
tr	O	He fell against me and I put my arms around him .
tr	I	Holiday thought it was a first step but it wasn 't a guarantee Kylie could control it .
tr	I	For some strange reason Pagan liked her but Gee wasn 't the most likable being I 'd ever met .
tr	O	I sit , and she removes my harness then helps me to remove my jacket .
tr	O	He walked out the door and Constanta walked him down the road some way so she could talk with him alone .
tr	I	All that means is I 'm better , but I may be old .
tr	O	It was a difficult span , but Timmy had survived .
tr	O	John sat , and when Mark passed him some sandwiches , accepted one without demur , suddenly ravenously hungry .
tr	O	The kid 's eyes widened and I could see his hands shake .
tr	I	She took his , and ignoring her embarrassment , he held out his hand .
tr	O	She shoves a finger into my breastbone , and I bat it away .
tr	O	He was overweight and his complexion was far too pasty to pull it off , especially during an L.A. summer .
tr	I	My brain started throbbing and I reread the entry again .
tr	O	I knew she was indifferent to me at best , but I was glad to have her on my team .
tr	O	All of them noticed this odd moment by looking around the work sight but Joan pulled them both back .
tr	I	It goes up , and you press the button for down .
tr	I	Her legs ached and her lungs burned .
tr	I	The world goes fuzzy and I shiver .
tr	I	Henri pointed at a small structure , and the moonlight reflected off the water .
tr	O	I hate like hell to part with it , but I 've run into a little bad luck .
tr	I	They only had one knife , and Bryson had lost his backpack .
tr	I	She froze , and he started .
tr	I	We were the ones who were wrong , but we were going to prove them wrong .
tr	O	I considered making a run for it back down the secret passage , but I didn 't think my legs would work very well .
tr	O	I 'm sure it was still there , but I was nicely numb .
tr	O	She felt like she was waking from a dream , but she knew she hadn 't been sleeping .
tr	O	Jake knew it anyway and she felt compelled to convince Ted Durkin she was an appropriate tenant .
tr	I	All the lights in the house were off but I couldn 't see his room from the back .
tr	I	She was fed up with it and Sara saw where this was going .
tr	I	He 's sitting with his knee an inch from mine , but I don 't want to acknowledge his presence .
tr	O	He smiled , but even that was a poor imitation of the old days .
tr	I	He 'd hired them in good faith , but they were monsters , no doubt .
tr	I	We have to act and there is no time .
tr	I	My throat was too dry but I tried to speak .
tr	I	Life must go on but Lorcan will miss him .
tr	O	Vee 's resistant tone dropped away , and she mirrored my smile .
tr	I	He was fiddling with his BlackBerry , but Emma sneaked a peek at Travis .
tr	I	I could read his expression , and he was looking at me .
tr	I	Jessica said no thanks , and Rick offered them a plastic cup of beer each .
tr	I	He had to jot down the location of her new job , and she spoke way too fast .
tr	O	The boats might go west but they would never go home .
tr	I	The others didn 't scatter , but more than one woman went flying .
tr	O	He had just run like a madman from a silly crow and he was still letting his nerves get the best of him .
tr	O	They dated for a while , but it was never that serious .
tr	I	I grab her sleeve , and she starts across the street .
tr	I	I swear it takes hours when really it 's probably only seconds and I hold my breath as I wait for the answer .
tr	O	He 'd listened to her and she owed him the same .
tr	O	The cold knots tightened and it felt like someone had thrown a rope around my chest .
tr	I	If everyone in Fel 's Church died , it would be her fault , and the minutes were ticking away .
tr	I	It took us two hours just to hang them and it takes hours to sew .
tr	I	They were quick and they were far gentler than she would have supposed rough men to be .
tr	I	He didn 't want to lose her and Mia could keep something secret .
tr	I	Julie began to pet him , and after a moment he whined .
tr	I	I could picture the smile on his mouth , but I couldn 't see his face , though , since I was pressed against his chest .
tr	O	She was committed to her mother , but with this money she wouldn 't have to worry about her mom 's care .
tr	I	She felt her nipples harden and they roamed over her shirt .
tr	O	It would look far too suspicious and without a doubt , everyone would know that it had been a sham from the beginning .
tr	O	She tried to push back up to her feet , but she couldn 't get her limbs to work right .
tr	O	All the tension was gone , and we were old friends together .
tr	O	I try to make them move , but nothing happens .
tr	O	I don 't want to appear to be a free loader and I don 't want to ruin these peoples trust they have in me .
tr	I	As usual , I failed , but I fidgeted in my seat trying to beat down my curious nature .
tr	I	He couldn 't be that selfish , but he 'd rather keep all of the strength Andra had given him to himself .
tr	O	She could smell blood and her body , desperately weak , needed nourishment .
tr	I	His eyes opened and a shudder rolled through Roth 's body .
tr	O	He could probably get started , but it would be safer to wait a few more minutes .
tr	I	Hopes will be broken and there will be emptiness .
tr	I	The night grows richer with each step , and we 've been walking for a while .
tr	I	I 'm not sure they 'll play in college but they are good players .
tr	I	We were taken prisoner yesterday , forced to relay false information , and Alpha base was attacked .
tr	O	He turned the tablet toward me , and the contract came up on the screen .
tr	I	He completely hid it from me , same with mom , and my father knew so much about the Soul Reaper world .
tr	O	Kai pushed him out of the way , and he stood still .
tr	O	I knew Logan wanted to ask me what I 'd seen when I 'd kissed him , but I wasn 't sure what I should tel him .
tr	I	No one believed what they claimed to have seen , but there were some witnesses to the acts of vandalism .
tr	I	The shadows below the hill kept her hidden and she held her breath , hoping the sun 's glare .
tr	I	Robert opened it and Amanda handed it to him .
tr	O	Eventually he opened the hand just enough to release a crinkled piece of paper , and we all gathered around curiously to see what it was .
tr	O	Zane nudged him in the side yet again , and Ty was hard-pressed not to poke him back .
tr	I	Theo was certain that it wasn 't a standard percussion instrument , but the sound was familiar .
tr	I	I shifted my weight to be more comfortable and my hurt leg suddenly gave a painful twinge .
tr	O	He still had his hand on Will 's shoulder , but he was looking at her , his eyes wide .
tr	I	The driver did not slow , but it was impossible to know where they were going .
tr	I	One should go and one of us should stay .
tr	I	She knew it would never fully go away , but the guilt gradually lessened after the first week .
tr	O	I look around the ambulance but I don 't see Kel .
tr	I	She didn 't understand why and something made Sam shiver .
tr	I	He knew of nothing else to try , but it felt like a bad move at first , similar to a boxer leaning into an uppercut .
tr	I	My mind overrode the impulse , but my hips wanted to thrust .
tr	O	He had a shortly cropped head of platinum blond hair and his face held a weak smile that threatened to fall any minute .
tr	I	I wondered how long I had been standing there and when I opened my eyes , the streets seemed a little more vacant than before .
tr	I	The kitchen relaxes , and Andy flips on the radio to a station that plays classics from the fifties .
tr	O	I shouldn 't have said it , but it was out .
tr	I	He was going to die , but it didn 't hurt .
tr	O	She tried telling herself that this was where it had been planned for Rosemary Davies to stay , but it didn 't help to calm her pulse .
tr	O	Everyone could see in , but it was impenetrable .
tr	O	Well , you didn 't know anything anyway , but I sure as hell did .
tr	O	* * * * Grace lifted the edge of her blindfold and peeked up at the glass above her head .
tr	O	The buggy disappeared into the night , and even the sounds faded away .
tr	I	He couldn 't stay , yet he was home .
tr	I	Somehow she doubted it , but perhaps she still had enough of her power so she could conjure the image of the beast .
tr	O	A delicious thread of desire licked down her stomach , and when she looked down , her nipples were standing at attention .
tr	I	I knew he 'd rather see something else and it was one he 'd seen plenty of times .
tr	O	I shook her , asking her again who she was , and she wouldn 't answer .
tr	O	The cop pulled at the rope , and the plane moved to the shore .
tr	I	She wondered if he noticed the way their bodies were pressed together , and her hands inadvertently slid from his h * ps to his stomach .
tr	O	There were other vehicles around , but all was quiet .
tr	I	Instead it pulled Jill right to him , by the neck , and the chain didn 't break .
tr	I	It could mean bigger trouble in the interim , but it 'll cause trouble down the road .
tr	I	She was savvy enough not to ask why that information disturbed me , but Cassandra did .
tr	I	His gaze skimmed down her body , and one golden brow lifted in disbelief .
tr	O	The voice boomed again and Connor 's picture flashed on the giant screen .
tr	O	Intellectually , they might not have trusted him , but instinctually , they did .
tr	I	Dumping him , or either that .
tr	O	I may tire on my dainty legs , but the exercise will do me good .
tr	I	A strangled sound of pleasure gets trapped in my throat , and my body seizes with the touch of her heated skin .
tr	I	He was still my brother , but I 'd never liked him .
tr	I	Ryker Slade 's unmistakable fingerprint was on this death , but Kieran was not only lost to them .
tr	I	She placed hers into it , and he stretched out a hand .
tr	I	I needed time to think , but I wanted to respond so bad .
tr	O	The gate lifts in front of me , but my car remains idling next to him .
tr	I	Mitch 's arms are around me , pulling me to my feet , and I 'm sitting in the snow .
tr	I	Screwing around with my fellow soldiers didn 't fit with my morals , and those women were part of the team .
tr	O	She had a good sense of humor and Charlie always enjoyed her presence at lunch .
tr	O	I still knew what anger was , maybe I could spell it on a blackboard , but I didn 't think I could feel it .
tr	I	Everyone had questioned him about it , and he 'd put on a lousy show that night .
tr	I	Ready to roll , and I 'm in the EVA suit now .
tr	I	We headed for the kitchen and he nodded .
tr	O	I shoot a glare at it and it cowers off with its tail between its legs .
tr	O	The emptiness in his voice is killing me , and I 'm not sure I can keep this up much longer .
tr	I	We leaned in , our heads touching as we jostled for position , and an intricate vent cover was now open .
tr	I	There 's no question that science is the best tool we have available , but maybe science isn 't perfect .
tr	I	It 's an art job , but it 's not a museum .
tr	I	She tried not to make it obvious , but I could tell this made her angry .
tr	I	The ceremony resumed , but she started to speak to him .
tr	I	This time Jake did not object , maybe that was progress and he put his hand on Jake 's shoulder .
tr	O	I wasn 't quite sure how I knew that , but I did .
tr	I	It was a hell of a feeling , but it wasn 't much of a word .
tr	O	She wanted to collapse in his arms , but he was crying so hard that she felt she had to hold him up .
tr	O	It was gone as soon as it had come , and she frowned .
tr	I	She was gone before she could finish her thought , and Oblivion wrapped her in its soft embrace .
tr	I	Joseph raced out , his nightshirt billowing about him and the door flew open .
tr	I	I spun away as fast as I could and a piece of concrete exploded near my head .
tr	I	He slashed out , catching Geoffrey in the shoulder , and William 's fingernails lengthened into razor sharp claws .
tr	O	Both of them had broad smiles on their faces and looking at , the sisters were evidently very happy for them .
tr	O	Her hair was a mess and there was blood splattered on her shirt .
tr	I	Though we weren 't allowed to touch them , we spent hours looking at them , and they were painted in exacting , excruciating detail .
tr	I	Their problems were easily overcome and Everything followed so neatly .
tr	I	We hug and once I arrive , she hangs up .
tr	O	Her eyes drop to my hands and I slowly slide the zipper down .
tr	O	Poor Lewis Sharpe would have been torn apart in his weakened condition , and eaten before anyone realized he was a shapeshifter .
tr	O	I may still be a little under the weather , but I 'm not dead yet , Gwendolyn .
tr	I	She hadn 't known the consequences , but she had trusted him , given her permission .
tr	O	I didn 't think he would hurt me , but I wasn 't positive .
tr	O	I feel my eyes burn and the tears forming behind them .
tr	I	She realized he 'd walked toward the couch that blocked her hiding spot and he 'd obviously left the kitchen .
tr	I	I 'll get to thank him all over , and he 'll show me a pile of decimated latex .
tr	O	The old man did not speak for a while , but his son saw a glint in his father 's dark eyes .
tr	O	They are often chauvinistic pigs and they can be very stubborn .
tr	O	Harper had her coat buttoned up to her neck , and the tip of her nose was bright red .
tr	O	I 'll dictate the terms of the transfer , and it 'll be done exactly as I say .
tr	O	She wrapped an arm around VIP , and it diffused some of his tension .
tr	I	Aiden liked to make them feel better , and my toes did feel a little cramped .
tr	I	Maybe they were in shock , but nobody seemed too worked up .
tr	I	He was nowhere to be found , but he kept a wary lookout for Brian .
tr	O	Gratitude wasn 't flowing , but Jane 's blood was .
tr	O	It would maybe give him some time with the kids , and helping Alice enjoy her moment was a pleasure in itself .
tr	O	People do bad things and we make sure the people suffering don 't suffer any longer than they can handle .
tr	I	He liked what he was getting and someone was getting himself some .
tr	I	They buy them cool things and my friends at pre-school have grandmothers .
tr	O	His face reddened , and his nostrils flared .
tr	O	You guys are serious and I love my son too much to put him at risk .
tr	I	He knew it and at your age you would have no life .
tr	I	We all poured out of the closed metal box and the elevators finally opened on the top floor .
tr	O	The room burst into laughter , and Rachel laughed along with them .
tr	O	He glances over his shoulder , and I take advantage by fleeing .
tr	I	Even though he owned the ship some of the cargo was financed and in a case like this there are always debts .
tr	O	Firstly the wood ran out , and then it began to snow .
tr	O	This hadn 't taken quite as long as I 'd thought , and my kitchen smelled amazing .
tr	I	I didn 't mind the pain , but it wasn 't a comfortable fit .
tr	I	She hadn 't realized how close she was to doing what she 'd sworn she wouldn 't , and he seemed to be contemplating the matter .
tr	O	I put my hand in hers and I let her pull me up .
tr	I	The sea of people parted , and Rhyme approached .
tr	O	Steve had repainted the old outside toilets and they were never locked .
tr	O	It was a spring clip and my fingers kept slipping off .
tr	I	Mad Dog hardly noticed , but it was a long , hot walk out of town .
tr	I	Two big bags of dried dog food leaned up against it , and there was a doghouse in the yard .
tr	I	I can 't read his expression in the dark and he turns .
tr	O	Which , of course , she was , but Gavin didn 't want to think about that right now .
tr	I	He forced a quick , grateful smile , but his voice sounded a little too tense for his liking .
tr	I	They couldn 't expect the same for any other world , but miraculously , things had been set to rights for Lissa 's planet .
tr	I	I knew it was there , but I couldn 't see past the first fringe of tall cypress trees .
tr	I	I feel a little better for it and at least it 's a plan .
tr	O	Agent Sterling had cautioned me against making cases personal , but this one had snuck through the chinks in her armor .
tr	O	She 'd meant only to sterilize Angus , but the power of her emotions had been too great , tossing her magic out of control .
tr	O	They moved in packs , searching for their next meal , and this one clearly had its taste buds set on me .
tr	I	Her mother never spoke of it , and Bill never came back after that .
tr	I	He minimized the damage by rolling out of the way , but another sword hit him .
tr	O	She was fine the first time I saw her , but she has gotten worse .
tr	O	Maybe it was his way of mourning , but it was still a shitty thing to do .
tr	I	His clean-shaven face said that he evidently could , but actually , she should have thought of asking him if he could handle the razor , too .
tr	I	I didn 't know what I had made , but I had changed him like the Shaman had changed me .
tr	O	The ladder jerks to the left , and then , as I move my right foot forward , I miss the edge of the rung .
tr	O	She looked at him and after a moment a crooked little smile appeared on her lips .
tr	I	I think I hear concern in his voice and he asks .
tr	I	I followed them , being very careful not to make any noise , and there was a flight of stairs leading downward behind that door .
tr	I	I saw uneasy glances pass among her witnesses but she did not speak .
tr	O	It was of auntie 's face now , older , wiser , and for me , a whole lot more beautiful .
tr	I	His skin was pale and he was very thin , with dark circles around his eyes .
tr	I	His dark , swollen eyes widened when he saw the snow , and Orson was conscious .
tr	O	I don 't know if it was always like this , but I 'm pretty sure it 's more like this now .
tr	O	Shakyamuni had developed a very large following over the years , and his cousin was also jealous of this .
tr	O	Tears coated every syllable I attempted , and I began to choke on my words before they even left my mouth .
tr	O	It 's cheap , gross stuff , but at least it 's strong .
tr	I	Unlike the arena , the area surrounding the bull was lined with foam padding , and he 'd been thrown a million times .
tr	O	The battle was won but the war with the south country was sure to continue .
tr	O	His throat was tight and his insides felt ruined .
tr	O	There was an intersection just ahead , and torchlight flickered from the rightmost tunnel .
tr	I	It fol owed my movements , but I reared back , trying to escape the burning .
tr	I	His shirt damp , and his jacket was soft .
tr	O	Her pleading eyes locked with his , and then he swung her away from the lip of tile to safer ground .
tr	I	His fang teeth snapped out of their own accord and his muscles tightened .
tr	I	Besides , the brother seemed to speak to himself again , and the boy said nothing as no question had been asked .
tr	O	She wanted to call for help , but there was no one she could call out to .
tr	O	She wanted to ask him why , but she wasn 't sure how .
tr	O	The carriage rattled to a halt and he offered her a strained smile .
tr	O	Her face fell again , but she said she understood .
tr	O	It didn 't seem to be sitting well with him , and he had been burping it up ever since .
tr	O	Shadows move across the windows of the downstairs floor and so far I can tell there are at least six different figures inside .
tr	I	I decided they needed names and they were having tiny fist fights .
tr	I	He reached for the cup and he had left his coffee on the ground near his pit .
tr	I	Then I closed it again , and I opened my mouth to ask Alcide if it had been on the news .
tr	O	We 've caught up with her twice when she started off , but we can 't keep chasing after her .
tr	I	He wasn 't going to get her standing around playing mini-golf , and he wanted Holly .
tr	O	Burnett didn 't move , but his eyes glowed a bright yellow .
tr	I	He holds my hand from across the table and we chitchat .
tr	I	He just wanted her to stop , but he wasn 't quite sure why .
tr	O	Only thing is , now they 're weaning him off the drugs and he 's getting back to his ornery old self , asking questions .
tr	I	I was sad to lose the feel of his skin against mine , and he squeezed my hand before letting go .
tr	O	His fingers had a resolute grip on her hair , but even without them she wouldn 't have backed away .
tr	O	It was possible , but she doubted it .
tr	O	I groaned dramatically , and Finn rolled his eyes at me .
tr	O	She tried to swim away , but he caught her easily enough .
tr	O	That was one of her duties , and she was proud to uphold it .
tr	I	An impish smile stretched across her lips and Julia nodded .
tr	I	On the ground , my shadow flickered , too , and fluorescent lights flickered overhead .
tr	I	The man enters her father 's chambers , and the door is kicked off its hinges .
tr	O	Brooke closes her eyes and Scott drops his head .
tr	I	I let out a wordless scream and panic seized my chest .
tr	I	She wondered if he 'd picked up on how guilty she felt inside , and he was looking at her like he expected more .
tr	I	This was turning her room into a furnace and the house was never that cool to begin with .
tr	O	Even cheap beer is expensive these days , and I 'm kind of glad about that .
tr	I	He looked up contemptuously with his very human eyes and Fenrir 's sensitive nostrils flared at the yelling .
tr	I	Every effort should be made to stamp it out , and the crime of witchcraft is abhorrent to decent men .
tr	I	Antonietta didn 't need light , but the passageway was pitch black .
tr	I	This time when the tax collector came , there wouldn 't be a happy ending , and no one had enough money .
tr	I	Together they helped Helena into the drawing room where a birthing bed had been prepared and Winston called for Miss Foster .
tr	I	He was practically a legend among the men , but no one ever spoke his name around her .
tr	O	Jim had this funny long-suffering look on his face , and then his eyes sparked .
tr	O	I almost ask why they aren 't dressed normally but I realise that they are in a weak attempt at fighting attire .
tr	I	They pay you and you go on dates with them .
tr	O	As the seconds ticked by , I stood there , shifting uncomfortably from one foot to the other , and finally I cleared my throat .
tr	I	Jabs Ashton in the ribs and my elbow reactively flies out .
tr	O	The earth shifted , and James longed to shut out her next words .
tr	I	Echo fell to her knees and Cage finally pulled his hands away .
tr	I	She 'd debated saying something versus keeping quiet , and A 's note had tortured her all day .
tr	O	She died in a car accident , and I was supposed to leave to go see her two days later .
tr	O	I didn 't remember sitting down , but we were on the bed .
tr	O	No , he 's not a professional investigator , but I 've run dozens , if not hundreds , of cases past him over the years .
tr	I	He gets hurt , but the kid reaches .
tr	I	He heard her shaky laugh but he couldn 't see her expression through the murky distance .
tr	O	We stepped into a small breakfast nook , and in the adjacent kitchen , a man spun around .
tr	I	They were silent for a while , and she sighed happily against his arm .
tr	I	He sat down , but she expected Meadows to shoo the man away .
tr	I	It was on the steering wheel , but she reached for his hand .
tr	O	I could tell that she was shaken about her brother , still trying to protect her , and the change of expression suddenly affected herself .
tr	O	I could not think of them , but I must remember them .
tr	O	When I looked back , Tink shook his head , but again he let me step out into plain view .
tr	O	I know the corporal is going to turn it over , and you can 't stop him .
tr	I	The only body warmth I 've ever known is my own , and I 've been living alone in the desert .
tr	O	Everything Riko was saying was meant to hurt Kevin , and it was working .
tr	O	While smaller than the palm islands , the flower seemed almost delicate , and as we drew closer I saw each individual island was actually very large .
tr	I	She could see the signs of abuse etched in Kim 's frightened face , but Ava hadn 't been in the church support group for very long .
tr	O	It was not the best idea , but she was running out of options .
tr	I	At least my armor does , or it feels a bit stuffy .
tr	O	Their love is not what humans would call love , and lust consumes them on a level we will never understand .
tr	I	He saw nothing because the city had faded behind a soft mist that held a terrible clarity ... and he saw everything .
tr	O	The roof caved in long ago and I can see out .
tr	O	He agreed to talk , but I could tell we had a ways to go before we were back to joking .
tr	O	He was cold to the touch , and it took a couple hard shakes to bring him back to the land of the living .
tr	I	He disappeared , and she blinked .
tr	O	Harmonics knew it often fell short of the ideal , but that was no excuse for failing to honor it .
tr	I	An older , more experienced operative would not have attempted it , and it sharply limited his ability to be part of the background .
tr	O	I asked her , but she ignored me .
tr	I	It does bring in some good cash , but I sometimes hate the renting cabins business .
tr	I	That was all , but I knew my ' father ' , her husband , wasn 't my real father .
tr	O	They were holding each other and they suddenly started to kiss .
tr	I	He dove out at her heels , and she burst through .
tr	O	Something stirred to life inside him at her words , but he couldn 't say exactly what that something was .
tr	O	Tension poured into the air , and the cord tightened deep inside me .
tr	O	I allow it to build from within me , and then it forms in my palms , the size of golf balls .
tr	I	She 'll rat them out to Abby and she knows the plan .
tr	I	Dad told him to behave -- the usual and mom told him to be careful .
tr	O	I could openly discuss anything with her , and I mean anything .
tr	O	They had tried to get Hayden to join them but he had other plans .
tr	O	It was old Mr. Crandall , and he was carrying a very large gun .
tr	O	She didn 't say what that something was , but it would happen to me .
tr	O	The door opened and his father entered .
tr	I	They will do what he commands them to , and whoever does such , they owe a favor to .
tr	I	My very arms trembled at his strikes , and the vibrations traveled through my veins .
tr	O	First I thought she didn 't hear me , but then she reacted .
tr	I	Until that moment , he 'd been feeling much better but he hadn 't completely recovered from last night 's flu .
tr	I	Knowing nothing is crippling , but the truth is scary .
tr	O	Victoria makes her clothes and human looks vanish , revealing her real nature , a luminous mist .
tr	O	She was in his office , in his suite , and she 'd spent the day pouring over marketing plans for the hotel in D.C. .
tr	I	She hadn 't seen anything else , but Lydia admitted to hearing the voices .
tr	O	I knew you didn 't want it , but I thought that once we were all together , you would see how it could be .
tr	O	He 'd never touched an illegal substance in his life , but the IOC had banned him from competition for two years .
tr	I	Blake didn 't let her go , but she stiffened .
tr	I	When she lets me go , she rests her hand on my shoulder , and we hug awkwardly .
tr	I	The conversion rate on a couple of them wouldn 't maximize the energy output , but he had a lot of great ideas .
tr	I	My excuse to Margie had been real , but I needed another drink .
tr	O	I take her hand and we run together .
tr	O	I suppose I tried to deny it , but I did know who 'd been talking to me .
tr	I	He shook his head but his face mottled red with seething anger .
tr	O	Jackson 's throat felt tight and he choked back tears .
tr	I	The physical analogue gauges still showed feeder fluids flowing in the gross ducts of the system , but the lights were dead .
tr	I	Gatsby seemed oblivious to the discomfort he was causing his companion , but he squirmed under Gatsby 's piercing scrutiny .
tr	O	The magic faded from her eyes , and she looked at me once more .
tr	O	I might as well enjoy it , and I was doing just that !
tr	O	FIDO produced two cups of tea from some unknown store and they relaxed for a short break .
tr	O	I opened my phone , hoping to see something from Scott , but I didn 't have any new messages .
tr	O	I tried the bus but it was on Empty .
tr	O	Nancy was groaning as if she is dying , but luckily she was pretty healthy .
tr	O	Now she was here and I wanted to cherish every small portion of her body .
tr	I	It was bearable , but I moved it around , pain flaring in the joint .
tr	O	We arrived at his locker and he tried opening the combination lock with the numbers on his crumpled paper .
tr	I	Mom looked through the bulletin , and the organ continued to play .
tr	O	Through the years there had been invitations to meet Jesus from well-meaning busybodies , but she had consistently declined .
tr	I	Part of the failure of their relationship rested squarely on her shoulders , but he was still a jerk for cheating .
tr	O	She reckoned he was more the domineering type but she so didn 't want to go there .
tr	I	It 's true , and you said it .
tr	I	It made him shiver and he knew my voice .
tr	O	Some of the anguish in my chest dissipates and I rush at her with a huge smile .
tr	I	I took a sharp turn to the right , but the car tried keeping up with me .
tr	I	The water around it churned , and it was a sleek ship .
tr	I	Brother Maxwell started to act strangely and they were going up the stairs .
tr	O	He grunted , and his hold loosened .
tr	I	Of course , he complied , and the Senator was very gracious .
tr	I	I was rewarded with the ghost smile , and his shoulders relaxed with my teasing tone .
tr	I	Nothing happens , but I try to squint my eyes shut against it .
tr	O	She knew there was a camera in there somewhere , and it was pointing right at her .
tr	I	The lace covering the very heart of where he wanted to be was driving him insane and the color was too enticing .
tr	O	Poindexter just shrugged , but I could see his eyes were smoldering .
tr	I	Leo swiftly reached for the massive longbow slung over his shoulder and it only took a few moments for the dance to unfold .
tr	O	If it was negative , I was like this for some other reason , and nothing changed .
tr	I	The Drifter passed over the crest and despair flooded through him as he .
tr	I	Her lips trembled and her eyes were full of fearful tears .
tr	O	The crowds had started to disperse , and hoping the station wagon was no longer blocked , she headed down the steep hills toward the Mission House .
tr	I	Now it was just the two of us , and our world had disappeared in the blink of an eye .
tr	O	My nerves were raw and my emotions felt shot .
tr	I	Richard woke to find Matt looking out of the hatch back towards the city and after an hour the tank came to a stop .
tr	O	He didn 't hurry , and by the time he got back to his street it was nearly one in the morning .
tr	I	I really suck at goodbyes and I suck at receiving gifts .
tr	O	Dark circles were under my eyes and I felt exactly how I looked .
tr	I	Several members of St. Gregory 's organized it for her and Lady Hutchinson was far too distraught to coordinate funeral arrangements .
tr	I	He was really a decent guy , but I didn 't give him enough credit .
tr	O	No one would have recognized me , but they certainly would have been intrigued .
tr	O	My parents let me choose and I chose Shamanism .
tr	I	He knew how to charm women , and Ian Braxton knew he was sexy .
tr	I	You can 't keep makin ' fun at everyone , but I know you 're the smartest person in this whole town .
tr	I	His face crumpled and I shoved against his chest .
tr	I	Wrinkles fanned out from the corners of hazel eyes and his face was the weathered brown of old leather .
tr	O	It 's going to get better , but you 're wrong .
tr	I	He pulled her back against him , and Kell 's arms slid around her waist .
tr	O	I don 't know , but I absolutely love it !
tr	I	He lunged for me and his face twisted with fury .
tr	I	I chanced a glance back and the trail turned .
tr	I	I wouldn 't start and I 'd never run .
tr	O	Fila couldn 't believe she was asking , but she had to know .
tr	I	I have taken care of injured humans and I have taken care of injured Lights .
tr	I	His pupils expanded with desire and the gold flecks in his hazel eyes glittered .
tr	I	She knew that she was bleeding , but it didn 't hurt right away .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to send a guy like that anywhere , but I don 't really know for sure if it 's there .
tr	O	A frown crept across my mouth , but I forced it away with a smile .
tr	O	My mind wanders and I can 't concentrate on anything for very long .
tr	O	I hadn 't wanted to do this now , but I couldn 't keep putting her off .
tr	O	If only she could slap that amused look off his face , but both her arms were pinned against his chest .
tr	O	She said I was there when she needed me , and now someone else required my attention .
tr	I	I shouted after him anyway , but he was pretty far away .
tr	O	Oh , God , she was weakening and she knew it .
tr	I	The bank had repossessed both their vehicles , and I 'd tried to give it to Mom after news about Dad had come to light .
tr	O	he asked , and she nodded .
tr	I	I pulled away , but she reached for my hand .
tr	I	I 'm not tryin ' to take your kids away , but I envy what the two of you have .
tr	O	The camp is quiet , and everyone is in bed .
tr	O	He tried to sit up but the effort proved to be in vain .
tr	I	The fireproof piano remained unscathed , yet flames soared into the black sky .
tr	I	She couldn 't believe it either , and Danni saw what Chelsea was talking about all right .
tr	O	Together they sat down on the grass outside , and he held her in his arms .
tr	I	There 's no reason he can 't move into the friend zone , and I have plenty of guy friends .
tr	I	She hadn 't known what to say and they 'd sat across from each other at the small table last night eating dinner .
tr	I	His tone was intense , but Rupert 's voice drawled lazily .
tr	O	I knew it was a person , but my head still insisted wolf .
tr	O	That morning , his grin was on every newsstand in America , but Lance didn 't feel like smiling .
tr	O	Max slept at their feet and the sun started to fade .
tr	I	Andrea held her ground , but his eyes went white blue .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop looking at him , but it wasn 't exactly the most erotic thing .
tr	O	He tried calling me back almost immediately , but I let it go to voice mail .
tr	I	They were alone in the house , and it was late afternoon .
tr	O	He was carrying a gun , and it was pointed right at her .
tr	O	He liked it , and I began to write .
tr	I	It was none of his business and as it was , he 'd drawn stuff from her she never talked about .
tr	O	His tone was mild , but he had turned red .
tr	I	He 'd already run out of lifeboats , and Gavin had three months to turn the Titanic .
tr	I	For some reason they fascinate me but many times I am told to ignore them .
tr	I	He still writhed in agony , but trying to comfort him , I stroked his arm , murmuring softly .
tr	I	Her skin glowed , and Grace smiled her beautiful , angelic smile .
tr	O	I whispered and she nodded .
tr	I	He pressed them hard against his sides , grateful for the bulk of the rock hiding him from view and his hands twitched involuntarily .
tr	O	He took his job seriously , but even he was going to have a good time .
tr	O	A drummer beat on his tenor drum and a trumpet blared .
tr	I	Our people were hungry , and our lands were barren .
tr	O	I tell her it 's helping but I lied .
tr	I	His grip , although it wasn 't painful , was firm , and his hands were still on my waist .
tr	I	He said nothing , but Isaac was too full to eat any more .
tr	O	I 've seen every movie he 's starred in , but I 've never seen him roll his eyes before .
tr	I	He still shakily picks himself back up , but he pushed himself hard to defeat that beast .
tr	I	I searched the darkened house for sounds of movement and my hearing became heightened by the lack of sight .
tr	I	That 's all that he cared about and he had it .
tr	I	I don 't care , but it 's junk reading .
tr	I	There was nothing secret about his aircraft , as far as civilians were concerned , and any good pilot would do so automatically .
tr	I	She shifted back as if to recant her words , and now Maia 's eyes had lost that secretive look .
tr	I	The lean barkeep pours a glass of ale without being asked , and the three surly patrons already within barely glance up at me .
tr	O	The signal was given and the oars dipped into the cold water .
tr	I	Somewhere along the way had lost the wonder of being a woman , and she 'd been nothing more than a vessel to bear his child .
tr	O	The guards stood with their hands on their swords , but nobody attacked .
tr	O	Her backers would want a large chunk of the finder 's fee that she 'd been promised , but even so , her cut would be substantial .
tr	O	She punches in a few buttons and an alternative rock station comes on .
tr	I	Emily lifted her like a pro and the baby whimpered .
tr	O	You grab him , investigate him , and when the grand jury indicts him for the murder , I will suddenly be transferred to another prison .
tr	I	He gave no answer , but Amica asked the man standing in front of them .
tr	I	The big man , with his enormous strength , could keep going for hours , and he was exhausted .
tr	I	In an effort to minimize the pain I didn 't fight for custody , and it tore me apart to see Bobby caught in the middle .
tr	I	He didn 't avert his attention from his patients , but David knew they whispered to one other several times .
tr	I	With each change made , the time stream would accommodate the change accordingly , and the first stated that the future would change .
tr	I	Mortification rushed through me , and tears filled my eyes .
tr	O	This would be the first time Cage and I had been apart for that long .
tr	I	Henrietta seemed to be faster than the creature , and she was getting closer to the witch now .
tr	I	I step around the counter to the small dining area , and I soon abandon the idea that we can both fit .
tr	I	I knew that was the wrong thing to say and he yelled .
tr	O	Kenzie 's eyes bugged , and she threw up her hands .
tr	O	I said flatly , and she nearly fainted .
tr	O	He nodded his head and I knew he understood .
tr	I	He was using his prior access to Andrade Global to do it and they were told a hacker was trying to sabotage Dominic 's company .
tr	I	Any morning clouds had been burned off and the sun was well above the mountains .
tr	O	It 's still early and we 're both single .
tr	I	Another set of images appeared and Winkler clicked the remote again .
tr	I	Finally she heads inside , too , but Alexandra seems reluctant to leave Adria .
tr	O	He contemplated having a drink , but he didn 't want to wake up hung over again .
tr	O	Mentally steeling myself , I did something I wasn 't proud of , but it needed to be done ... for her sake .
tr	I	She wouldn 't have Izzy subjected to it and she no longer wanted that in her life .
tr	O	Charlotte would 've preferred to delay the apology , but the longer she put it off , the more difficult it would become .
tr	O	Time was stopped for the whole song , and that kiss was part of it .
tr	O	Only a handful of girls have been chosen to play for collegiate teams , and almost all of them are walk-ons without scholarships .
tr	I	Then doubts began to crawl back into my head , and the thought that he was my boss consoled me for all of five seconds .
tr	O	She doesn 't get what I 'm saying and I don 't expect her too .
tr	I	I was already at loose ends , and it was still only seven fifteen .
tr	I	I felt my stomach rumbling out of nerves and there were hundreds of people milling around the palace .
tr	I	I knew it , and I was beaten .
tr	O	He did not appear to have any drug connections , yet he had ordered all three assassins to get rid of Jaxon .
tr	O	Emily was my family , and maybe someday we could add to that .
tr	I	He didn 't yield his grip on me , but Rourke tensed for a fight , his muscles tightening under his jacket .
tr	I	Instinctively I recognized that her daughter 's words had struck a deep chord in Margaret and my sister bowed her head .
tr	I	No sound was coming out , but she could see his mouth moving .
tr	I	He sounded concerned , and his voice changed .
tr	I	Yet we couldn 't stop it , and it was nonsensical madness .
tr	I	I was home alone , and Kirk was at work .
tr	I	She fed it , fed his fantasies of her welcoming his attentions , and she could feel his desire .
tr	O	He told me he goes here but he seems a little old for high school .
tr	I	Rina blinked , startled and not exactly the word she 'd have chosen .
tr	O	An odd , pained expression crosses his face and I think that at last he understands my peril , if not his .
tr	I	We 've never really been close and Kim is six years older .
tr	I	Now she wondered how strong he would be in her arms and she knew how fragrant his blood had been in her nostrils .
tr	I	Rosaline didn 't survive the trial , and he forced her to eat poisoned bread .
tr	O	That was easy advice to give , but grief counseling wasn 't free .
tr	I	For once I agreed with her , and Persephone rolled her eyes .
tr	I	Cara loved to cook , but she might live alone .
tr	I	Another puff of smoke wafted their way and there was a pause .
tr	I	Caleb switched lines and she hung up .
tr	O	Hurt poured off her , and it nearly killed him .
tr	I	I hated myself for pushing him away , and I hated love without Parker .
tr	O	The door to the sparring room opened , and Malik entered with a tall man .
tr	I	The doors opened and the elevator arrived .
tr	I	Other animals would languidly return to rest in their dens and snakes would lazily bathe in its rays while the birds nestled on the branches .
tr	I	It doesn 't seem like anything that can 't wait till morning and decide to ignore them , I have a headache .
tr	I	She was suddenly kneeling beside him , and her knees collapsed .
tr	I	Logan could follow for cover , and he 'd go in first .
tr	O	Kylie tried to fall back asleep , to get back to Lucas , but she couldn 't .
tr	O	The intensity of my emotions was overwhelming , and you did not need to experience them .
tr	O	Two days passed in this manner before she was able to speak , and I often feared that her sufferings had deprived her of understanding .
tr	I	They 'll accept you in a bit but they 've never hired a black man .
tr	O	Muddy sediment churned up around the canopy as the screws engaged , and then the little submarine slipped out from beneath the dome .
tr	I	His skin felt the same : warm and I moved my hand to his arm .
tr	O	She tried to shout a warning but the sound died on her lips .
tr	I	The conversation was a blur and she had been tired .
tr	O	More than I hated his son and that was saying something .
tr	I	His palm went to the pillow at the side of her head , and his fingers slid over her cheek .
tr	I	When I look up to meet his eyes , I find I cannot read his expression , and he follows me .
tr	O	He was not bright , and Fitch realized this immediately .
tr	I	I answered her questions and her voice was reassuring .
tr	O	I didn 't want to let go of Flora , but she slipped out from under my hands , leaving me free to greet Mrs Brampton .
tr	O	No matter how bad it tastes , you must not be sick or it will give you no advantage .
tr	I	The solution had never come to her , but she 'd wondered this a thousand times before .
tr	I	He couldn 't see me either , but I was blind in the blackness .
tr	O	I interrupt and the other guys disguise their chuckles as coughing while she glares at me .
tr	O	Jenn had been complaining about their work , and Devon was tired of hearing about it .
tr	I	Then it 's up to me , and I 'm here for six months .
tr	I	The concrete base holds off the rest of the blaster fire for now , but the wooden statue quickly explodes into a thousand charred pieces .
tr	O	A faint splash startled me out of my emotional maelstrom , and I opened my eyes .
tr	O	He could see fire , and the blaze was spreading , crawling up the walls , dancing along the winding banisters of both spiral staircases .
tr	I	He 'll have to deal , but Marcus doesn 't like it .
tr	I	I inwardly groaned at the insensitivity of his next statement and Kaspar 's eyes flashed black .
tr	I	I suppressed a smirk , and he thrust a piece of paper in front of me .
tr	I	I was pretty sure she wasn 't upstairs in my parents ' room , and I hadn 't seen her in the rest of the house .
tr	I	She mustered a smile , but Callie was so tired .
tr	I	Every conversation ended up the same way , and she 'd spoken to twelve employers today .
tr	I	He thought he had some idea , but he wondered what she was going to say next .
tr	I	She seemed upset with Sarah and I told Sarah 's mom what had happened last night .
tr	O	I 'd always been drawn to Brandon , and his heroic actions only magnified my feelings .
tr	I	They sat there quietly holding hands both thinking about their former lives and she kissed his cheek .
tr	I	I hissed as he whipped a blade down my side , and he choked .
tr	O	Jez had woken from his slumber , but of course could not open his eyes .
tr	I	The tension in his body spilled to hers , but Hart stopped in front of her , doing nothing so scandalous .
tr	I	His investors respecting him and Jack was used to his opponents fearing him .
tr	I	She couldn 't impose on her friend ... but Maddie was so generous , so caring .
tr	O	Her voice sounded excited , but it was a distressed excited .
tr	I	She was sure he grasped the heat in her stare , but they stayed like that for only a couple of seconds .
tr	I	I ventured another look at Michael to make sure he wasn 't bored , and this was a very long speech for me .
tr	I	He didn 't look up , but I banged on the glass .
tr	O	You 've mentioned her , but we 've never met .
tr	I	Caden called out after me , but I started heading for class .
tr	I	Liz talked on , handing a plastic bag to every member of the group , but Townsend might have rolled his eyes a little .
tr	O	My heart shouldn 't break in the first place , and that 's what making me so fucking upset .
tr	O	There are a lot of things that don 't jive , and I just try to make the best of them .
tr	I	It keeps me up at night , but we don 't talk about it .
tr	I	The shark has difficulty discriminating among objects in the water and the water also tends to be murky in those places .
tr	O	I wasn 't able to be there when you went through it , but I think there 's one more thing you need to do .
tr	I	Olivia clamps down on my arm with strength born of terror , but I start to swing my feet over the side of the bed .
tr	I	You got through all of my defenses , but I don 't understand how it happened .
tr	I	Her lips were trembling , but Jessamine set her mouth .
tr	I	She didn 't chase right after him , but Anna watched her troubled husband walk away .
tr	O	He could be dead , and someone could have taken his SUV .
tr	I	I lay still for another minute , absorbing it , as he walks to the bathroom , and the sensation of him leaving my body is jarring .
tr	I	They all blessed me and everyone was so happy .
tr	O	They ran through the door and Simon let go of her hand .
tr	I	It appears you found peace now and Katrina has shared your newest emails .
tr	I	I was angry at myself and I was angry at Hunter .
tr	I	This time there was no normal life to escape to , but Life was spinning out of control again .
tr	O	At first her eyes were cast in cloudy sleepiness , but then they warmed as she smiled up at him .
tr	I	She opened her eyes , and he began to write .
tr	I	They 'll meet us there tomorrow night and the girls packed your things for you .
tr	O	We had requested the same classes , but we had only gotten a few .
tr	O	You think I don 't care for you , Sable , but I do .
tr	O	The professor stood up to the podium and room began to settle down .
tr	O	I knew I would wander the campground a couple times , but I was determined to not do any work this weekend .
tr	O	I 'll be calling Eileen , but I think it would impress everyone if you went yourself .
tr	I	She gaped at him and those words sunk in .
tr	O	Keeping his mind off of Tara and his brother was a difficult task .
tr	O	> To start with ... and decreasing ... < Monthly ... Weekly ?
tr	I	She held the gun level , but her entire body shook violently .
tr	O	Powerful words burst from him in a shout , and the sound of wind chimes filled her ears .
tr	O	The standard-bearer looked towards his companions , and it was as if there were unspoken words of hatred in that glance .
tr	I	She heard him and Matthew shouted at his sister .
tr	O	He had appeared from nowhere , and Evie wondered where he 'd been hiding .
tr	I	Cassidy looked away , and I raised an eyebrow at this .
tr	O	Her heart gave a big tug , and all she could do was nod .
tr	O	A young Reboot sat in the pilot 's seat , and the shuttle roared to life .
tr	I	I certainly didn 't want her to win , and that would make her think she had won .
tr	O	He wrapped his arms around her , pulling her closer , and she wrapped her fingers around the back of his neck .
tr	O	They stood facing each other , and then , as if this were the moment they 'd anticipated all evening , slowly moved toward each other .
tr	I	A shout from below made me pause , but I stepped forward , toward the last glider .
tr	O	The dashboard had been strafed by bullets , and the radio dial was shattered .
tr	O	This boy couldn 't be more than fourteen years old , and his small size made me wonder if he was younger .
tr	O	My head crossed a light , and my shadow played strongly against the wall .
tr	I	His gaze shifted to the ground and his strong jaw snapped shut .
tr	O	He knew each answer she had to give caused his mother more pain , but he had to know .
tr	O	She addressed Gus , but this time her eyes included Philip as well .
tr	I	An idea came to me - and as I walked down a hallway to Molly 's office , I passed by the main one .
tr	O	Serenity 's vulnerability meant she didn 't know what she asked of him , but he 'd allowed himself to make love to her .
tr	I	He started to lose his balance , and she kept pushing him back .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure exactly who they were but I recognized them .
tr	O	He murmured in his sleep , but I couldn 't understand him .
tr	O	A broken-down cart sat in the muddy yard , and rusting tools lay wherever their owner had discarded them .
tr	I	She found it aroused her unbearably , and no man had ever spoken to her this way .
tr	O	His advisors tried to guide him , but he has always been stubborn .
tr	O	He not only hurt you , but he stole from us both .
tr	O	You laughed at me , Charles , and it was going to be my turn to laugh at you .
tr	I	She could feel his hard muscles bruising her body , and her thin chemise was like nothing between them .
tr	O	Mom asked her driver to drop me off , and I tried to get some reading done in the car on the way there .
tr	I	My fingers brushed over a square box , and I reached the bottom of the bag .
tr	I	That was only how he affected my heart , and every emotion I 'd tried to suppress resurfaced with pitiless intensity .
tr	I	He found he couldn 't stop and her taste was addictive .
tr	O	The liquor in my stomach churned violently and suddenly , I had to get away .
tr	I	Just as I took my hands off it , something clicked , but I moved the chair back into place .
tr	I	The two made it in without too much water damage , but the rain was still steadily pouring down .
tr	O	A look of apprehension entered Sarah 's eyes and she shook her head .
tr	O	I waited for him to question me about showering there like everyone else had done but he remained silent .
tr	I	She 'd insisted on dropping her car just outside of town , but Joe had called to say he 'd pick her up at noon .
tr	O	The chain was now broken , but the charm was the exact twin of the one that dangled from her left wrist .
tr	O	It looked wonderful and she smiled , taking in the surprising scene .
tr	O	She was gazing at the man rather dreamily and Charlie could not for a minute understand why .
tr	O	I could act shocked about this , but that happened more often than not lately .
tr	I	He pulls them up to my neck and I crawl under the covers .
tr	O	He frowned as he moved his hand to his scalp , and sure enough , there was stubble on his scalp , tickling his palm .
tr	O	Every possible container opened and the contents poured out .
tr	O	He tried to reason with himself that they were both stressed , but he wasn 't in the best frame of mind to keep his cool .
tr	I	He was clearly not ready to ignore their last encounter -- but Lodge 's tone wasn 't hostile , exactly .
tr	O	The feeling of him inside of me was unlike anything else , and I moaned as he pressed against the right spot .
tr	I	The way that made her feel left much to be considered , and well , it seemed as though she 'd achieved her goal .
tr	I	He does not want to be seen with a camera crew , and he knows these people .
tr	O	I looked up into his milk chocolate eyes and I couldn 't hold it in any longer .
tr	I	Yet in that moment she was terrified , and I 'd seen my aunt Abby jump in front of a bullet once .
tr	O	They were dressed fashionably in the latest garish colours from Melbourne , and as they walked by , the breeze ruffled their enormous sleeves .
tr	I	It seemed to be too much exaggerated from his side , but he already thought about possibilities to get into contact with her .
tr	O	I nodded again and Avril introduced herself .
tr	O	I 'm not sure how much I like the finished story , but it wasn 't too bad .
tr	O	The Winchester would get him killed in close combat , and he only used it anymore to hunt his food .
tr	I	He squeezed them tenderly , and his hands cradled my breasts .
tr	I	He didn 't say anything more on the matter , but Patch didn 't look convinced .
tr	I	He almost looked confused , and his face was pale .
tr	O	She shuffles toward me and I offer her my hand to pull her up .
tr	O	My stomach began to complain from both the amount of hot liquid swirling inside it , and the irritating predicament I was in .
tr	I	As he did so I quickly brought up mine , and the man in the blue camo raised his gun .
tr	I	They 're smaller now , but little bits of snow continue to fall .
tr	O	There were none to really prepare Amber for what she was about to encounter , but he might as well try .
tr	O	They landed loudly through his robes , and nobody moved to pull her away .
tr	I	I thought I heard Anna whimper , but Elodie just stared at Jenna .
tr	O	She 'd learned early not to be greedy or she 'd be wearing her food rather than enjoying it .
tr	O	He took a step back , and Gabriel gasped clutching his chest .
tr	O	I had expected him to be crying but that was not the case .
tr	O	The key had grown encased in plant roots and she had to tear it free .
tr	O	An ominous note was upon the air , like the echo of battle , and it lingered there with the threat of more to come .
tr	I	He manages to sink a fist into my side , but I whirl away , never taking my eyes off him .
tr	I	Marrying a stranger was a little bit too much , wasn 't it but you were happy to accept your ' salary , ' ?
tr	I	Maybe it 's time you start thinking about your own safety and you 've all risked enough for me .
tr	O	She nodded and Tommy took off at a run for the back of the house .
tr	I	He had to prevent the wheezing from being heard , and every breath he drew was difficult .
tr	I	He knew he was grateful to him for probably saving his life , but he had no idea who this stranger was .
tr	I	This book is dedicated to you , and you are why I keep writing .
tr	O	I decide the back is too far away but the front is definitely too close for comfort .
tr	I	She collapsed and her overloaded mind shut down .
tr	I	The dialogue has been a bright point of each week , but obviously I wouldn 't like to see anything serious between them .
tr	O	When I got older , I tried to talk to them about it , but they always shut me down .
tr	O	She knew it was foolish to have feelings for a monk , but she found that she did anyway .
tr	I	She was very glad she had and she 'd tipped him well that morning .
tr	O	They were dressed , and weapons bulged everywhere .
tr	O	I punched him in the nose two days ago , and now he wants to have a meal with me ?
tr	I	He dodged the hit and I swung my fist at him .
tr	O	He had to sacrifice some of his power to do it , but he had no choice .
tr	O	There were at least fifty giants in the museum , and I needed some more weapons to kill them with .
tr	O	Clay smirked and I felt my lips twitch into a smile .
tr	O	Rick threw the ball much too hard , but Fabrizio knew what was coming .
tr	O	He lapped at her , licking her as if she were filled with honey and he needed every drop just to live .
tr	O	I search for years , but Anna is good at hiding .
tr	O	The door closed , and more shuffling happened .
tr	I	I know I feel a lot like crying myself , but I don 't understand all those things .
tr	O	He still had the feeling he had done something very wrong , and being on the Dragon Boat had not made him feel any better .
tr	O	He was reluctant to stick that label on his own forehead just yet , but he feared he was inching closer .
tr	O	His father had once told him there was no such thing as bad publicity , but Hutch wasn 't convinced .
tr	I	Charlie 's frown darkened , and Beth asked with concern .
tr	O	A door at the far end of the hall opened , and a graying man peered out .
tr	O	He tried to move , but his suit was useless .
tr	I	To obey Amat , but she watched the water splash against the sides of the tub as she stood , knowing there was no choice .
tr	O	She was so bright and her mind demanded stimulation .
tr	O	They rode all the way to school in silence but it wasn 't as uncomfortable as Azalea thought it would be .
tr	O	No way did I want to stand in front of the man when he was like this and I was a vampire .
tr	O	He took another step and I could smell him .
tr	O	His skillful fingers became more insistent , and another moan tore from Alexandra 's throat .
tr	O	It felt as though her life were in shambles but everything else seemed to be going along smoothly .
tr	O	Galen gave me an unhappy look , but he did as he was told .
tr	I	In the end he said nothing ; but he hesitated at the door , as if he would have spoken again .
tr	O	Eve kept her eyes forward , but her thoughts were turned inward .
tr	I	It was hard , and I was alone .
tr	I	We stepped inside and the elevator doors opened .
tr	O	She 'd run like a frightened rabbit but she couldn 't help it .
tr	O	I 've taught them everything my father taught me , and everything his father taught him .
tr	O	My parents couldn 't accept what was happening and I soon had to leave home .
tr	I	His disapproving eyes stayed disapproving and he could see himself now .
tr	I	I gave her a warning look , and Jill knew perfectly well why I had on the scarf .
tr	O	The only thing distinguishing one house from the next was the choice in landscaping and even then there was not much variety .
tr	O	A sporty muscle car was not suitable transport for a farmer , and it hadn 't been much use for a prospector , either .
tr	I	She wished she could see his South American home , and reyes told her about the rock shelf that overlooked a rich tropical valley below .
tr	I	That relaxed manner reminded her of the man she 'd fallen in love with decades ago , and she liked his easy going manner .
tr	O	Josh tried to squirm out of Amanda 's clutches , but she refused to let go .
tr	O	That made sense to him , and he nodded .
tr	O	I only wanted to look at her , but I lifted my gaze to the window .
tr	O	I could hear his heart beating next to mine , and I allowed myself to melt into the moment .
tr	O	I half expect him to yell at me , for putting a guy before the world 's needs , but he simply nods .
tr	I	Nicholas was certain no one could breach its security system , and the only asset of value was the computer .
tr	O	This left only Black Cat still challenging him at the moment and she wasn 't much of a venture .
tr	O	There were only a few houses out this way , and they were set a good distance from the road .
tr	I	Slung me into the side of a dumpster and one of them grabbed me by my hair .
tr	O	I don 't mean to be mean , but obviously Shadow has never been shot before .
tr	O	My heart seemed to leap into my throat I wanted to call for Adam , but I couldn 't speak .
tr	O	Rick clips another slide in place and I peer through the microscope .
tr	I	The hole surgically closed and the tracheostomy tube was later removed .
tr	I	Maxim had been too busy watching the clock to eat with them , but they were chatting happily as they munched on the appetizers Rosa had made .
tr	I	He looked over at me and it moved down the street .
tr	I	As she did , he remembered something , but he watched as she crouched down to retrieve it .
tr	O	Sloane had met Raina only once , but she noticed that today her coloring seemed off , her pallor too gray beneath the makeup .
tr	O	She was only a year older than I , and she was very pretty .
tr	I	I could tell that she felt uncomfortable and she had a faint blush around her face .
tr	I	All that would have gotten me was a punch in the face , but I was about to yell that I 'd used protection .
tr	O	The trip would be an adventure , and Shana would make an effort to see that Jazmine had fun .
tr	O	I had no reason to look forward to dinner with Logan , but I couldn 't help it .
tr	O	Go out in public and the photographers will follow .
tr	I	Water was slowly filling homes everywhere , and pipes were bursting .
tr	O	Mom was upset because there was so much and I ate all of it .
tr	I	They go with her fat ass , but her large , natural Ds should look awkward on her tiny frame .
tr	O	Her father had told her the story before and she had drifted off into her own thoughts .
tr	I	The cat was no longer a cat , but I spun around .
tr	O	My body changed all the time with shape-shifting , but this wasn 't what I 'd been wearing with Roman .
tr	O	The church was full , standing room only to the back , but the crowd parted as they walked in , led by Oliver .
tr	O	His hand tangled into the ends of my hair , and I knew he was going to kiss me .
tr	O	The stars were really dancing tonight , and I could clearly make out the constellation of Cassiopeia .
tr	I	She wanted to uncover his every secret and he was truly dangerous .
tr	I	We stood still for a few moments , just gazing into each other 's eyes and she put her hand on my forearm .
tr	I	I had come clean with my therapist and it was the day after my birthday .
tr	O	She was trying to make Mustapha angrier with her insult , but the epithet didn 't have any effect on him whatsoever .
tr	O	The rage in his eyes terrified me , and any thoughts of fighting back rushed away as he yanked me into the bushes .
tr	O	The house was empty and I needed answers .
tr	O	We aren 't the first in the Society and we won 't be the last .
tr	O	It turned out that Will was actually from Pittsfield , Massachusetts , and his folks really did want to see him for Christmas .
tr	I	She was definitely interested in him , and David seemed interested .
tr	O	Stanley asked them to step outside , but to stay close in case hand-to-hand combat broke out .
tr	I	It was the place where she had grown up , and it was a lovely part of the country .
tr	O	He now had a pleasant face and his hair was groomed well backwards .
tr	I	She managed to keep her composure , but Roy was afraid she was about to dissolve into tears .
tr	I	I haven 't -- and I told him I 'd never love anyone like I loved him .
tr	O	Neil drew her into the room and closing the door .
tr	O	She wasn 't afraid of him , not anymore , but she wasn 't sure he wanted to see her .
tr	I	Markman pulled it on and he handed it over .
tr	O	Cassandra went to fetch Ken , and he returned to greet her from the top of the stairs .
tr	O	She responded to each representative politely enough , but she could no longer hide her annoyance at the entire process .
tr	O	Joe claimed her father had loved her deeply , but Susannah believed otherwise .
tr	I	He could not , but he tried to open his eyes , to move .
tr	I	They rolled across the earth and her body slammed into his .
tr	O	He had every reason to kill me , and none to let me live .
tr	I	Not one I was familiar with , but I was in a living room .
tr	I	That 's why I can 't escape this guilt , and I 'm sure I could have .
tr	O	She didn 't have much , but they would have to do .
tr	O	She started to shake her head in denial but Diane waved a hand to halt any protestations .
tr	I	The keyboard falls to the floor and I kick the wall between us .
tr	I	This was the first he could get away and he had been held up at a deadly car accident .
tr	I	We all dived aside , and stepping forward , it smashed down with a huge , bristling fist .
tr	O	He was glad he hadn 't turned it down , but at the same time he was not sure if it would fit his style .
tr	O	Auntie Ellen is fine , but she 's not Dad .
tr	O	Even if Leah was not who she was to him , she was his concubine and he was Lucien .
tr	I	I winced and I saw the mental fog that overtook him .
tr	I	I just lost my best friend in the world and okay , the world ´ s about to end .
tr	O	Something like a mouth gaped open , and its roar shook the ground again .
tr	O	I sense he thinks I 'm an assistant to the photographer , and if Xander wants to play along with that , I don 't blame him .
tr	I	The sound lacked humor , but he laughed .
tr	I	I did , and you asked me to do you a favor .
tr	O	I caught Maggie 's eye in the rearview mirror and she stuck her tongue out at me .
tr	O	My mind was reeling , trying desperately to come up with some solution , some strategy , but I had nothing .
tr	I	I could tell how much she wanted me from her increased breathing and her face was so serious .
tr	O	Kenner 's grin became a full-fledged smile , and John didn 't much care for it .
tr	O	We were out last night and obviously we were asleep until your call .
tr	I	I did not want to risk Blake 's wrath , but I wanted to hear the rest of the conversation .
tr	O	Bran holds my shoulders in a tight grip and I notice that his hands are trembling .
tr	I	His close acquaintance was by his side and a great man was dying .
tr	I	I don 't want to die and I 'm pretty scared right now .
tr	O	I wheeled around , and my knees buckled .
tr	O	Maddie 's voice was soft and I stopped walking for a moment .
tr	I	His cell phone rang , stopping him before he could get started , but he opened his mouth , no doubt to deliver some cutting remark .
tr	I	Weakened by the explosions , they seem almost fluid , but the mountainsides are naturally unstable .
tr	O	Her throat made a noise like rocks falling down a gravel hill and her eyes crept up to Adam 's .
tr	O	The band looked up at me , and I suddenly wondered if I 'd said something wrong .
tr	I	Finan watched in bemused fascination as a dull red colour stole into his master 's cheeks and Rafe shifted in his chair .
tr	I	I will come to you , and you need only convey your location .
tr	O	I shouldn 't care anymore , but working for thirty cents an hour gives one a different perspective when it comes to handling money .
tr	O	Pierce had not been a great rider when he arrived , but after a couple days of Schell 's instruction he was improving drastically .
tr	O	The university scout took his leave , and Jenny went back to her celebration .
tr	O	A fire blazed in the hearth , and Harriet stretched her hands out towards its warmth .
tr	O	Jason 's eyes went wide , and then a grin tugged at his lips .
tr	I	Pretend everything was okay and I couldn 't stand there .
tr	I	The images faded and he blinked .
tr	O	She was younger than I was by a perhaps a handful of years , but we seemed to be the youngest people present .
tr	O	I rubbed the edge of the worn book , knowing I should wear gloves but unable to bear it in this heat .
tr	I	Reyes 's tension level ramped up , but Soft groans moved around the theater .
tr	O	He could almost feel his stripes growing darker and he tried to reign in his heart response .
tr	O	She was an emotional wreck thinking she was pregnant , but Travis was ecstatic .
tr	I	We had Eric too , lounging over the back of a chair waiting for his part in the script , and we had Megan there .
tr	I	That was that and he was dead .
tr	I	She wanted nothing , yet she wanted so much more from him .
tr	O	I thought they had taken you from me and I was right .
tr	O	That did not sound good , and the boy waited for the bottomless pit to open beneath his feet .
tr	O	Chapter 1 A cold December wind was blowing , and Theresa Osborne crossed her arms as she stared out over the water .
tr	I	He had thick wiry hair on his chest , but the hair on his head was buzzed short .
tr	O	She wanted him to apologize for drinking , but he couldn 't do it .
tr	I	I had yet to tell my parents about Taylor and Chapter Twenty Three A week had gone by .
tr	I	It made the night black , and the rain was strong now .
tr	I	It did not work , but Anna covered her ears .
tr	I	You need to rest and you have got a busy night ahead of you .
tr	O	The creature picked up his skin and flung it over his shoulder .
tr	I	If she had to stab herself to carry it out , she would and she 'd made her decision .
tr	I	She barked as she herded them up the path , and the novel experience of having others join them excited Kita .
tr	O	Ember found herself wanting to skip too , and she scolded herself for these childlike feelings .
tr	O	She 'd asked him if he 'd give the pads to Troy and Ice agreed .
tr	O	Before Thor knew it , it had turned into a wrestling match , and the boy 's weight was immense .
tr	I	He is waiting , and he is watching .
tr	O	Its wings snapped out , and it caught the wind .
tr	O	Jennifer gripped the steering wheel more tightly and her eyes brightened .
tr	I	He chose not to question it , but he heard something else in her voice , a hesitancy , a disappointment .
tr	O	I shrug off her hand , and stare hard into her eyes .
tr	I	She liked it , but it sounded strange hearing herself called that .
tr	O	He gave the saber a quick downward thrust , and the links of the chain parted .
va	I	His eyes had dried up , and soon the pillow grew wet .
va	I	It didn 't seem to matter to Abby , but he wasn 't sure who Princess Sophia was .
va	O	My corporations own almost every foot of the ground this burg sets on and they keep my name from being spread about .
va	I	Nothing came , but he was slow , antagonizing slow as she watched him , waited for him to make a move .
va	O	Alethea is here and she needs me to do something .
va	O	It isn 't perfect , but it should work out .
va	I	The chef was busy preparing the luncheon and the whole list of fifty people were tentatively cleared .
va	I	He loved to gamble , and Chek , on the other hand , was short , bald .
va	I	I was happy to see there was no key hidden and once I was at Blaire 's I checked under the mat .
va	O	There were some blood stains and I had to remove them .
va	O	My hands started to shake , but somehow I had the presence of mind to open my book .
va	O	He was only a year younger than Savannah but he did not look it .
va	O	Looks like they 've found a friend in one another , and this makes me happy .
va	O	He slowed and half turned to her , his eyes not quite meeting hers as he looked out from under the bill of his hat .
va	O	I 'm going back to civilian life , and I won 't be able to get rid of this uniform once I 'm back in the States .
va	I	The cameras were in every room of every home , and the screens showed what the cameras saw .
va	O	Natalia 's was high class , and Angelica 's was believably elegant .
va	I	They walked into the lobby and Hank grabbed their suitcases from the backseat .
va	O	It was very cold , but there was no wind .
va	O	Add that onto everything else , and I was so out of there .
va	O	Dad 's footsteps thumped around the corner , and I tried pulling at Mom 's coat .
va	O	She dove for it , and the sword shivered .
va	O	Ledo 's gloved hands were held carefully away from the beast , and his eyes were wide with terror .
va	I	There were two in Sheridan 's office , finishing up a big fundraising mailer , but most of the volunteers had already left for the day .
va	O	It 'd never happen , but Dak didn 't know how else to make sure - absolutely sure - that Tilda couldn 't get to him .
va	I	I was simply reeling him in and I wished I had the confidence my mother did , that this guy was the one .
va	O	Chapter 10 McAllister The shuttle stealing scheme went off without a hitch , and Mac was soon on his way in the ugly Earth Living Shuttle .
va	O	She had never looked so gorgeous , and he had never been so goddamned furious .
va	O	His blinks were intense , and she could imagine how difficult it was for him to hold her gaze .
va	I	Then I moved to the city to study at The New School with Riley , and my grandparents took me in until high school was over .
va	I	Aching froze my body , but I wanted to ask about the girl .
va	O	A lot of the bedrooms were in use , but he didn 't bother finding an empty one .
va	I	She smiles in an ever so inviting manner and he turns to her .
va	I	He stared at his brother and Zane 's tone was angry .
va	O	Dad 's lips are tight , but it 's to keep them from quivering as he walks his oldest daughter down the aisle .
va	O	His lips parted , then curved a little , off to one side , but he shook his head .
va	O	I might not have the scrapbooks I 'd taken from Hammond , but I still had the Washington phone number I 'd found .
va	I	The idea of that loss was overwhelming , so she held it away , and if she let go , Mia would be gone .
va	O	Cameras flashed , and people sighed as they passed .
va	O	Princess Rhiannon was definitely as mean as he remembered , and it only made him want her more .
va	O	She already had the door open , and what was standing on the other side was something far worse than she ever could have imagined .
va	I	She 's turned away , back to rocking as she stares out the window , but I glance at Lacey once more .
va	I	They did have a kid together , and it wasn 't as if he 'd never seen her nak * d before .
va	I	They cost money and babies cry all night .
va	I	They were friendly with one another but Marcus not only knew my brother .
va	I	I was thankful for it , but I didn 't know why .
va	I	The era of the Roman Empire began , and Caesar 's adopted heir Octavian , later known as Augustus , rose to sole power .
va	O	They had not known each other for a long time , but that had not seemed to matter .
va	I	We still have to do a ton of revisions , but the paper is set to be published this summer .
va	O	I also wanted to assert my independence , and I 'm fairly sure I got that point across to him .
va	I	He 'd laugh and she 'd say .
va	I	She felt the silver liquid trickling down her face like tears , and her arms were around him .
va	I	He is glad to help and I repeat the information to Jeff .
va	O	He reached for the doorbell , and as he did I noticed his hand start to tremble .
va	I	She could see under the power there was hurt and his blue eyes found hers .
va	O	They fell from his hands , and he took several steps back , feeling as though his supper might come back up .
va	O	I knew Lucien saw them but his eyes never left mine .
va	O	The door opened , which gave him hope , but she stood in the narrow opening , watching him with uncertainty .
va	O	We are just and accurate in describing the many joys of such a paradise .
va	I	More importantly , she was a powerful woman , but she was an attractive woman .
va	I	She 's in trouble - and it 's a woman .
va	O	She 's dead and it 's my fault .
va	I	That made her all the more appealing and there wasn 't anything conceited about her .
va	O	Sk ' lar went into a spirits shop to get Lawrence and himself a few icy brews for the concert on the green .
va	O	A thought occurred to her and she turned back to Rico .
va	I	The intensity of her fear forced me to listen , but I knew that I ought to keep reassuring her .
va	O	They get out there and they win .
va	O	Dom let go of my wrists immediately , and I backed away .
va	O	I 'd told Mom this would be an easy case , but I hadn 't expected it to be quite this easy .
va	I	She paid no attention , but it immediately fell again .
va	I	A group of men wielding large guns ran outside and as Haven watched , the glass door opened .
va	I	She didn 't care , but it was cold , colder than inside the mine , thanks to the wind .
va	O	The poverty we lived in now seemed even worse after the brief , heady taste of affluence in Denver , and we were desperately short of money .
va	O	He had to come to that conclusion himself , and I 'd be waiting when he did .
va	O	In the middle distance was a large building but it wasn 't the castle I saw that day on the road .
va	O	The wind pulls it hard and the kite changes direction .
va	I	She looked twenty years younger and Mrs. Chu was almost 50 .
va	O	The nurse pointed to the far corner of the room , where two women were working on a man and we began to walk in that direction .
va	I	They want to stick together and this is still an adventure .
va	I	His cuff links which had tiny diamonds embedded in them , and the man 's silver watch .
va	O	Keeley was important to him and even if any future between them was doomed , he would still do everything in his power to care for her .
va	I	I can almost feel the car slowing down on its own and by this time I have already reached flat surface .
va	O	The amount of memories quadrupled and she was overwhelmed with information .
va	I	She did it anyway but she knew she 'd never win .
va	O	It was a convertible and the top was down .
va	I	After drinking one pot of coffee , he made another , and he was still nervous .
va	O	Her touch soothed him as always , and his growl sounded more like a purr as she weaved her fingers into his dark hair .
va	I	Rigo was already pulling his collar open , but Grant offered a bottle of blood substitute .
va	O	he exclaimed , and Julia welcomed the moment of levity .
va	I	The kiss seemed very intimate , but I couldn 't understand why .
va	I	The highway is close , and I 've run at least a couple of miles .
va	O	My shoulders slumped , and I averted my eyes .
va	I	Identification hadn 't been it , but they had wanted Jay in this for some reason .
va	I	He had no doubt that he wasn 't the only man interested in her and she was a very attractive woman .
va	I	She wanted Jill to walk in it , and there 's some show in two weeks .
va	I	She coughed for breath , winded by the fall , and she cursed herself for attacking the same way as before .
va	I	I couldn 't , but I knew I should say no , that it wasn 't any of my business .
va	O	She didn 't think it would be the same with Carlo but she wasn 't willing to risk it either .
va	I	I walk up the stairs and Eli walks down a hallway .
va	I	I had no business feeling in this world , and I knew I was doing the right thing because she made me feel .
va	I	She just couldn 't , but she wanted to laugh .
va	I	We also see a human mother holding onto the last breaths of her humanity , but we are looking into the eyes of our Creator .
va	O	The door at the very top opened and Stefan 's head came out .
va	I	He was just as dreamy , but it wasn 't the same boy she saw in the dream .
va	I	She couldn 't escape his hold , but every instinct urged her to flee .
va	I	When nothing out of the ordinary popped out at him he turned away but Number 27 sought the screen for anything unusual .
va	I	I didn 't much see a point in leaving a message , and it went to voice mail .
va	O	She never did , and his chance was gone , if he ever had a chance in the first place .
va	I	Her hands were closer to the crowbar than ever , but Julie felt her body leaving Kim 's side .
va	O	Thunder rumbled overhead again and a flash of lightning brightened the cloudy October sky .
va	O	He stepped toward the black desk and the automated chair drew itself back .
va	I	He pressed a light kiss to the skin there , and his mouth lowered over her stomach .
va	O	The one who had been cruel didn 't ask , of course , but others did .
va	I	This was a pretty gruesome example for my first time , and I 'd never seen a really properly dead body before , aside from on TV .
va	I	Her memories of that one night were alluring , but the daily life of a noblewoman frustrated her .
va	I	The one time I saved his was the only one he remembered , but he saved my life about twenty times while I ran beside him .
va	O	Kelly might have canceled , but Nash didn 't plan to take no for an answer .
va	O	She glared at Akira , but when she swung her hate-filled eyes to me , I knew that I was the real object of her fury .
va	I	Too soon , Ari 's dance lesson was over , and the time flew by .
va	I	We now have been sent his replacement , and as you all know , the old one retired last week .
va	I	Suddenly I was on my back , and another hit , this one to the back of my legs .
va	O	The guards glanced at her hesitantly , but with another sharp glance from the Queen , they backed away taking the servants with them .
va	I	She knew what it was , but she had never seen that look in Devon 's eyes before .
va	O	Haruki had shown it , and I had , too .
va	I	She had coerced me to leave my car at home , and riding back with Mia wasn 't a good idea right now .
va	I	It did something else , and that burst of pain caused my ears to ring .
va	O	It wasn 't very sturdy , but it didn 't need to be .
va	I	At that moment Patrice walked up , apparently done with her own schoolwork , but Balthazar looked like he might be about to say something .
va	I	The booth fills to capacity , and the girls take a seat .
va	I	Darcy sighed in relief , and the ringing stopped .
va	O	There 's a different film every day and it 's shown three times a day .
va	O	He turned over onto his back , releasing her arms , but he saw no one , only the shadows cast by the moon 's limited light .
va	O	The two pieces touched when the elders poked them with sticks , and the hand reached out towards the arm piece , trying to reassemble itself .
va	I	I 've spent longer with a grieving father , but I can still remember the small things .
va	O	They were dark witches -- evil -- and they used their dark magic for evil .
va	O	We spent an hour talking about the show and I felt that he was right for it .
va	O	Turning away from Johnnie had exposed the outlaw to the Indian 's fire , and Bobcat made the most of the opportunity .
va	O	He agreed to the time and she got off the phone so she could get herself ready .
va	O	He knew he 'd been broadcasting his sexual fantasies a little too strongly but she was unshaken , handling the intensity of the chemistry between them easily .
va	I	He just stared back but I glared at him .
va	I	It was hard to tell with the thick blond beard , but he looked like he was in his early to mid-thirties .
va	I	Travis got on , and she slid forward .
va	I	She did not move , but I barked .
va	O	He was thinking the same thing , but it was too late for him .
va	O	You never have been , and you never will be .
va	I	They refer to themselves mostly as The Assassins , but they don 't have an official name .
va	I	Somehow it hung on , but she glanced out the window to see the lone leaf shuddering in the wind .
va	O	A few kids tried to look inside , but Mary held the bucket away from them .
va	I	You 've come to this already and I mean , what , we graduated high school like yesterday ?
va	O	She did not speak any words out loud , but I felt her heart crying out to me .
va	I	It only lasted for a moment , but for a moment I thought I saw compassion in Cassandra 's gaze .
va	O	The power it required nearly made her pass out , and I caught her as she started to collapse .
va	I	She wasn 't , but she felt as if she ought to be angry .
va	I	I only grip him tighter , but the pain in my shoulder flares .
va	I	I couldn 't help the giant smile that pulled at my cheeks and Relief washed over me .
va	O	Gabriel was a Mage , and that would not have changed her opinion of him if he had not been so strong .
va	O	It 's peaceful , and for the first time since Ares left , I 'm not lonely .
va	O	All three were mages , and two of them could kill without bringing the room down around them .
va	O	If they come they 'll use the river and they won 't use the trails .
va	I	Her brown eyes sparkled , and she beamed at me .
va	O	Doris excused herself to go to the bathroom , and Glen took the opportunity to reassess the situation .
va	O	He could see her clitoris through her spread legs and now he could see his cock .
va	O	His eyes widened and he stopped walking .
va	I	He was clearly worried , but Hal quickly backtracked , saying she could do as she wished .
va	I	He made no attempt now to disguise his true nature , and the facade of urbanity had fallen completely away .
va	O	When I thought about it , I realized that I hadn 't eaten since yesterday , and my stomach was aching with the realization .
va	O	His nails were even and he wore a large signet ring on his finger .
va	I	It only made her need him more , and Emily could taste herself on his lips .
va	I	From the moment they connected I felt myself becoming aroused , and my lips reached for hers .
va	I	Rachel sat between us , and I did the same .
va	I	It was useless but my voice tried to call out .
va	I	He 'd been to hypnotists and he 'd been to doctors .
va	I	I say that 's a sport since it 's featured in ESPN but okay , she 's the cheerleader .
va	I	I doubted it , but Could have been .
va	I	I took in her beautiful body and Liza pushed the covers away .
va	O	Wolf Eyes lay there a few minutes listening to them , and then he punched Red Talon , to wake him up .
va	I	Tears form in the corners of his eyes and seconds tick by .
va	O	I couldn 't hear what he was saying , but she had a goofy grin on her face .
va	O	She punched the word doctor and he knew he was screwed .
va	O	She finally had the answer to her boss 's mysterious behavior and it was an answer that filled her heart with joy .
va	O	It earns me a frustrated sigh from Ketchup , but he knows this is how it has to be .
va	O	The loss of Geraldine had been a cruel blow , and she grieved along with the rest of the staff .
va	I	I reached out to pat him and Spot 's soft tail , waving like a flag , brushed against my legs .
va	I	He reached for his magic , essentially encasing my arm in his own fist of stone , but I tried to break his grip .
va	O	It was a much nicer system for all involved , but the sorority system wasn 't going to change .
va	I	I refuse to melt down , but tears threaten to spill out .
va	I	I ask for more than you can give , and you have already shown yourselves to be merciful .
va	O	Amelia stood beside him , and a young girl with vibrant red hair emerged from the group of fighters .
va	I	Technically your injuries should have been much more severe and I read the accident report .
va	I	Her voice sounded stronger , angrier , but I could hear her heart racing .
va	I	I 'd be counting heavily on it tonight to keep me motivated , and Anger was also present .
va	O	There was danger out there threatening her family , her friends , and she couldn 't turn away .
va	O	Magnus said nothing , but it was clear from the expression on Azazel 's face that the warlock was speaking to him silently , mind to mind .
va	O	When he came around the corner , he saw Detective Hastings standing at Sam 's desk , but he was not the source of the noise .
va	O	She couldn 't think what , but he was obviously in a hurry to get out of her house .
va	I	His brown eyes are bloodshot and his face is flushed .
va	I	Everyone thought we were ready by the time we were done , but the morning meeting took a few hours .
va	I	It doesn 't feel like enough but he 's touching all of me .
va	I	Bert got that end in his eye before he could step aside ; and he caught up a big branch all on fire at one end .
va	I	He asked none of them , but his curious expression held questions .
va	O	His eyes flickered open , and he tried to gasp .
va	O	He had already abandoned someone he loved , and he couldn 't endure it again .
va	O	Sebastian yanked the Cup back , but it had done its work .
va	I	A lot of people had overcome worse beginnings but the guy had a difficult start in life .
va	O	It didn 't feel that long in my mind , but there it was .
va	I	He wanted to be paged and they informed her that Dr. Mitchell had called to give a report on her fiancé .
va	O	Clint 's ire was starting to swell , but he forced himself to let it go .
va	O	I had a feeling it had been doctored , but my scanner couldn 't see inside the handle .
va	I	She backed up fast , and there was something underneath that , something like a cliff she could easily fall from .
va	O	My hand wraps around his manhood , and I guide him inside me .
va	I	Her face suddenly hardened , her hands clenching into fists like she wanted to hit me and her momentary shock wore off .
va	O	It all flashed through her , and horror rose like bile in her throat .
va	O	It flickered in my hand and I realized I 'd accidentally touched the Bower wall with the madness .
va	I	I couldn 't resist the chance to kiss her , and she tilted her face up toward me .
va	I	It bounced off the tarmac in warm waves and the sunlight seemed more intense .
va	I	They were both speaking and it looked as if she had two heads .
va	I	All the princes who came after getting the invitation refused to marry her but the panicky king tried to marry her off expecting some change after marriage .
va	O	They were attached to a bald , pink head , which still held those glowing green eyes , but there was no nose .
va	I	Nothing short of a natural disaster was going to change that and the wedding was back on .
va	I	It wasn 't her father , and the voice was male .
va	I	The lights flickered , and Thunder sounded again .
va	O	McKenzie had apologized profusely for not telling her sooner , and then apologized again for telling her .
va	I	He smiles shyly and I ask him .
va	I	He could tell she was still furious with him and she was incredibly sweaty .
va	I	She shook her head and Lydia 's smile wavered .
va	O	Mae was already inside , and she leaned over to buckle me in .
va	O	Jude stomped up the steps and Max cuddled closer to her .
va	I	She enjoyed watching him almost skip around the house each day , and he was like a little boy getting ready for Christmas morning .
va	I	As a woman , she was more fragile , but as a cop , Cara could handle herself in any situation .
va	I	It was not the blood smell of women , but he smelled it now .
va	I	For some reason he found that more sensual than ever , and she was drowsy .
va	I	I insist he stay put in the living room , but Noah tries to follow me into the kitchen .
va	O	Emeline had thought he might try to lead her off the path into the dark , but he kept to the proper , lighted ways .
va	O	The hangover allegations still infuriated me , but Jill insisted on letting them go .
va	O	His head went back and his eyes widened when he saw a shirtless , bleary-eyed old man with bed head hair .
va	O	Orders were being given and it sounded as though ten people were trying to talk all at the same time .
va	I	It didn 't matter , but I heard the desperation in my voice myself .
va	I	His hand moved to cup her jaw and he decided to try a different tactic .
va	I	He couldn 't have found out about this at a more appropriate time and here was the real job of a black book !
va	I	That was the safe , mind-numbing alternative -- and Della had talked about routines becoming ruts .
va	I	Pieces of understanding would cling to the subconscious , but they may disregard things they don 't understand .
va	O	The hat , Ivy no doubt felt , went with the Egyptian aesthetic , and it was her way of honoring their host country .
va	I	I heard the drawer in his nightstand close , his shadow coming over my face a second later , and Jase huffed .
va	I	I heard the rustle of people turning in their seats and the room quieted down .
va	O	There must be a logical reason for them being here , and I thought I knew what it was - the Stone of Blood .
va	O	Eveline 's smile broadened and her shoulders shook in silent laughter .
va	I	He is an experienced outdoorsman , and I 've known Sean for many years .
va	O	She was a major part of our life , and after Juliet died , Lily was a great help to me .
va	O	I 'd forgotten my gun , but in typical Gem fashion , Suzi was hanging off her shoulder at ready .
va	I	It was like fighting a tsunami but he tried to fend it off .
va	I	It looks like she might be a little impressed , but I don 't know her well enough to say for sure .
va	I	We have more talented soldiers , but our army might be smaller .
va	I	I was wrong , but Never thought you 'd feel better than you look .
va	O	She walked out and Nikki heard the apartment door slam .
va	I	His muscles were still strong , like pieces of iron tucked into his skin , but his eyes were a little weary .
va	I	I was only interested in the man behind the wheel , but cars blew my clothes as if I were standing atop a mountain .
va	I	I mostly listened to the chatter with a half-smile , and we soaked for a long time .
va	O	I prayed a lot , but God never seemed to hear me .
va	O	I started to laugh , but his lips found mine as if they were made specifically to do so .
va	O	The door softly clicked shut behind him , and Grace stared at the bookshelves , the desk , the closed door .
va	O	His words came out almost desperate and he wasn 't entirely sure why .
va	O	You knew that you would have been justified to your Council , but they are not here .
va	O	A curl tumbled artfully over one brow and Dimitri 's lip curled .
va	I	I pressed it , and one particular title caught my attention .
va	I	There was no cover to speak of , but a few scattered plants grew low to the ground .
va	I	That was saying a lot and Jericho had hurt me more than anyone else today .
va	I	Jack thought otherwise , but my voice made it sound like the canvas was just a pile of paint , nothing special at all .
va	I	Her emotions had been the problem before , but he 'd asked her to say she loved him .
va	I	I saw the smile in her eyes and his mother caught his sweet gesture .
va	O	It vanishes , and I shake my head to clear it .
va	O	The waves had foamy white tops , and a lifeboat bobbed seven decks below .
va	O	Multiple demon voices rang out and footsteps were running from all directions .
va	I	He doesn 't show any signs of agreeing with my deal but a grin spreads across his face .
va	O	I call Mia on her cell but it goes to voicemail , same with Melissa .
va	I	A few workmen busy under the bridge , and the man looked over the railings at a passing duck .
va	I	I prefer to keep her out of things as much as I can and her opinion wasn 't relevant .
va	I	I looked up and the van took a sharp turn .
va	I	We walk back to my parent 's grave in silence and I pull him onto the path .
va	I	That was all he wanted in his time left , and she had to be on board .
va	O	The light went off after a few minutes and Matt quickly made his way back to the utility tunnel , seemingly shaken by the near miss .
va	O	I got up and I shot my parents a look for them to stay put , lest they had any ideas of coming out to meet him .
va	O	# Paris had his true home designed exactly how he liked it , and that did not include a client poking around it .
va	O	I felt myself relax and I couldn 't keep the smile off of my face .
va	I	I was frozen in place , but I tried to resist .
va	O	He rolled up his pant leg and it was turning black all over .
va	O	I flicked the switch several times , but the bulb was broken in the fall .
va	I	She 'd gotten her first beating that day , but she wasn 't certain how the urchins had known that she had coin .
va	O	His mother gasped , holding a hand to her breast , and the golden-haired woman turned around in her chair to look .
va	O	A chill shot through her , and she shook her head furiously .
va	I	He resisted , but she yanked at his wrist .
va	I	She declined , but he told Lana that he 'd pay for a cab for her .
va	O	The door sticks , and my heart drops thinking someone might be bolted in there .
va	I	She knew that the ceremony was being recorded for the press , but cameras were not allowed inside the room .
va	I	I trust Thomas , whereas I can 't trust Wendell anymore , and I trust these people .
va	O	I looked behind me , but there was nothing there .
va	I	Someone catches me before I can fall , but I stumble .
va	I	On cue the wind howled outside of Chris ' front window and he said .
va	O	I itched to leap into the fray , but it was a sure way to a quick death .
va	I	I moaned with my mounting appetite for his touch and his thumbs rubbed over the silk against my clit .
va	I	Now I 'm thinking the opposite , but okay , so I know I thought earlier that I had the worst luck .
va	O	Brett flushed , and Alex thought maybe Ellie nailed it .
va	I	The story it told was all too clear , and the search was brief .
va	I	She couldn 't save everyone , but it was selfish to wish for the bliss of ignorance .
va	I	Creating things in his mind everywhere he went and he 's had a life-long love of stories .
va	O	Two out of three wasn 't bad , but Gemma had warned me I had to win Kane over most .
va	I	Stories of his power were enough to frighten even the Head Mage , and Class Ten Mage Ryker Slade was reportedly as mad as he was powerful .
va	I	There was trouble in his eyes , but his face was composed .
va	I	The chiming of bells alerts someone to my presence and I push through the barred door .
va	I	Pain shot from his shoulder to his hand , and he started to get up .
va	O	Let me give her your number , she will call you and you can set up a consultation .
va	O	Mom took it hard and she was going to lose the business .
va	I	It was , but this shouldn 't have been funny .
va	O	The barrage of fire broke off and several dark shapes leaped clear .
va	I	A smile tugged at her lips and she leaned back against my chest .
va	I	I was careful not to push , and she was careful .
va	I	His arms were like thick cables that held me tight and his legs felt like steel vices closing in on me .
va	O	She had her purse ready , but she refused to stand beside him waiting like some pathetic minion until the man was ready to leave .
va	O	He didn 't know what was waiting inside that building , but he would fight his way through hell itself to keep Sunshine safe .
va	O	He ducked just in time , but the demon went sailing though the doorway , into the little farmhouse kitchen .
va	I	Both the guys laugh , and Lila raises her eyebrows .
va	O	His head bent until his forehead rested against mine , and his hand slid through my loosened hair .
va	O	The colors are so bright and the environment so rich with stimulus that just having one 's eyes open is like exercise .
va	I	Then he was solid , standing with the curious elegance of the Carpathian male , and she could actually see the tree behind the mist .
va	I	His tone made the order obvious , but it was posed as a question .
va	I	She felt like she was buried beneath a thousand pounds of sand , but she was doing her best to come to full wakefulness .
va	O	It started its turn to escape , but it wasn 't as agile as the Athena .
va	I	She wondered what it was like , and she had never seen Benson 's house .
va	O	His body grew denser , and he felt its weight pulling him down , his fists feeling like balls of iron on the ends of lead arms .
va	I	We 're dressing to go out , and my man , she thought with a smile .
va	O	It couldn 't clear up that quickly and there would be no survivors to look for .
va	I	Luke insisted that we had to watch the credits , but a couple of people stood up when the movie ended .
va	I	He raised a hand , smiling apologetically , and a sense of what he had interrupted seemed to occur to him .
va	I	The doors opened and it stopped .
va	O	I 'd loved horses since I was a little girl , and the same went for Molly .
va	I	He promised he 'd call me in a few hours so we could talk more about this move and we kissed goodbye .
va	O	It was like a living nightmare and even though you cannot see death alive , this experience came in a close second .
va	I	I eased down beside her , and mom scooted to the corner of the window seat .
va	O	It was a little thing , but Nora firmly believed in it .
va	O	One call and he 'll go to jail .
va	O	She felt her wet jeans hugging her inner thighs , and her soaked sweatshirt , clinging to her navel .
va	I	She swallowed her words , eyeing the road ahead , but this demanded answers .
va	I	His brown eyes narrowed dangerously as they found those of the stranger , but Garrett shook his head slowly .
va	I	He looked up at Jenny , who smiled broadly , and in a moment someone tapped him on the shoulder .
va	O	He drowned the first time when his ship went down , and he burned the second time , when our parents burned the house at Number Thirteen .
va	I	I like him , and I 've known him for years .
va	O	There was no one at the front desk , and Toby walked in to the mess room , again empty .
va	I	Shelby loved Angel , and I loved Martin .
va	O	She doesn 't cry , and she doesn 't waver .
va	O	I was ready to pull away , but his strong arms didn 't retreat .
va	I	He shook his head and I asked him softly .
va	I	He could tell she was nervous , but she snapped .
va	O	These were the only tickets we could get , and James had insisted Henry would pay him back .
va	I	It was my family I missed , but I had thought I missed performing .
va	I	Her lip trembled , but the girl smiled .
va	I	It was to no effect but Dr Soames tried to placate her .
va	O	I kept the windows closed but even so , I could smell the spicy , tangy bite of hickory smoke .
va	O	Sam looked at him expectantly , and Shawn knew he was stuck .
va	O	He knew that , but he wasn 't going to set her free .
va	I	The sandals made my legs look longer , and my hair had calmed down enough to be conventional .
va	O	I was terrified and I felt betrayed .
va	I	I choose the ancient ways , and I choose what is available .
va	O	Too many people had left her , and she wasn 't going to watch another do so .
va	O	I agreed that it was morning , and I got out a mug for her .
va	I	The tied horses were more manageable , but the saddled horse was too nervy from the shooting to allow them near it .
va	I	I was afraid it was just a dream , but I loved the feeling of being able at last to touch him .
va	I	An undercurrent of real pride was still tripping along beneath but his nerves were raw , yes , .
va	O	The Prince noticed they each wore an ornamental dagger on a chain around their necks , but none reached for it .
va	O	She wasn 't sure who was teasing whom , but she enjoyed the game .
va	O	He nodded , and she continued .
va	O	Another guy shot the ball and it bounced off the rim .
va	I	I think the energy of the lamp was affecting us , and we were both in the grip of a major burn .
va	O	Jake went through every room on the main floor , checking closets , and ensuring doors were locked .
va	I	We don 't plan on searching for him -- not and CHAPTER TWENTY MAGGIE Fred went missing for about five minutes .
va	O	He tossed the firearm to his partner and they departed the sight of the crash .
va	I	This morning he 's been tiptoeing around me , probably with what happened last night , but he 's actually pretty blunt , which I can handle .
va	O	My mind had already convinced me it was Lilith , but there were other players who could have taken him .
va	O	We used to joke around and now you 're a mute .
va	O	She 'd eaten there a lot over the years and the chef always had a friendly smile for her .
va	I	I was still surprised to see how lifeless it looked without the students , but as I expected , the campus was deserted .
va	O	My cheeks burned , and Deacon 's idiot grin wasn 't helping .
va	I	She spent of them only in winter , and Adara 's smiles were a secret store .
va	I	I selfishly wanted her to stay , but to some degree I did understand .
va	O	She looked , determined to remove the obstacle , but she saw only the bronze of Aden 's skin .
va	I	Perhaps you can transmit it to someone and I 'll transmit our status in the blind .
va	I	I didn 't do it and this was a simple task .
va	O	Cullen 's voice was still slightly hoarse but he sounded strong enough .
va	I	There seemed to be fewer than he remembered dropping , yet it may have been his imagination .
va	I	Fear didn 't go anywhere , but in half a minute his consciousness cleared up a bit .
va	I	Obviously searching for something and he was hunched over .
va	I	I felt better just hearing her voice , and she promised to bring me home a salve .
va	I	I had risen to the occasion , and Adam had laid down the challenge .
va	I	She gritted her teeth , as the sound jarred her nerves and a child began to cry a few passengers ahead of her .
va	O	I cuddled up in my sleeping bag and the warmth was calming .
va	I	Kristen leaned out the window , and the women immediately erupted into chatter .
va	I	I jogged out to the Smurf , praying that it would start , and he nodded .
va	I	His cheek encountered something cold , and he rolled over , confused by the sound in his sleepy state .
va	I	I held my composure , but I wanted to melt .
va	I	The crazy , morning folk are still tucked away and even the nocturnal night people have turned in .
va	O	Considering the weight , he doubted it , but it was sweet of her to offer .
va	I	I dropped my pencil , and the bell to end class startled me .
va	I	I moved in and Ray stepped aback .
va	O	That might be too late to do any good , but I slowly typed a thank-you on the message board .
va	I	She could see no way to avoid his embrace , but she did not want Nate touching her .
va	I	If he dies , we all might die , and I have a very good friend who 's in a lot of trouble .
va	I	She knew it , and she had always had somewhat of an authority problem .
va	I	They were bringing up cannons , and the British seemed to be camped in a large open field .
va	O	His shoulders were broad and he had a manly , square jaw .
va	I	It was a large search area , but the Air Traffic Controlling Center gave your approximate last location .
va	O	The guests remained silent as they were served , but Simone could not avoid discord for long .
va	I	The ghosts are from the home 's past as an insane asylum -- and experiments at a group home for troubled children lead to paranormal activity .
va	O	They 're trying to work too fast and it 's making me nervous .
va	O	Remembering that night when the sky had split open and he had dropped out of the light-filled crack .
va	O	Big place once full of all sort of crazy folk , but it just kind of dwindled away .
va	I	Caroline needed to stop letting her hormones run rampant every time he showed up on the scene , and he was not a regular Joe .
va	O	I didn 't believe you were dead , Jacob , but after several weeks it didn 't matter .
va	O	The lasagna was steaming , and the aroma reminded me of how hungry I actually was .
va	O	He grinned down at her , and for an instant his grip tightened .
va	I	He didn 't want to put Angela on display for longer than necessary and his bedroom was on the opposite side of the house .
va	O	When he died the case went cold , but everyone was still waiting for them to slip up .
va	O	It 's stable , and it 'll probably bring him better pay than those things of his .
va	O	She felt a swift tug at her hands and they came free .
va	O	It is the East , and Juliet is the sun !
va	I	I don 't know which one of us it is and I can feel my hand shaking in hers .
va	I	Expensive champagne would help blunt her disappointment , and she wasn 't going to get it .
va	I	Nate backs up , running his hands through his wavy hair and I furiously brush it away .
va	I	He wasn 't sure he would recognize it , and Desire wasn 't something he was familiar with .
va	O	Evie uttered , wondering if she was indeed still asleep , and this was a weird dream .
va	O	I felt his broad thick hands come around my neck , lift my hair , and seconds passed .
va	O	If she did this , there would be no turning back , but she wasn 't sure that she wanted to turn back anymore .
va	I	That had never stopped her from attending before , but she hadn 't managed to finish the book .
va	I	The very reputation of the place served another purpose to Damian 's frame of mind , but the authorities liquidated some of them .
va	I	Letting him know with my eyes what I wanted , but I nodded , unable to say anything else .
va	I	They parted company at the door and devries insisted on picking up the tab .
va	O	I wasn 't even sure if such a thing was possible , but I wanted to try .
va	O	The front door slowly opened and a dark formed stepped inside .
va	I	The sniper got a little closer and they slowed to watch .
va	I	Most of my motivations were strictly selfish , but I was worried that you 'd be miserable with a loser .
va	I	Already I 'm so absorbed in what 's happening that I don 't hear her at first , but I have only been watching for five minutes .
va	I	I felt truly blessed , and it was something wonderful to witness .
va	O	She wanted to think of something to say , but since Wren wasn 't making an effort , she thought it best to follow his lead .
va	I	I like beer , and I swear too much .
va	O	Had their kisses and stolen moments days before meant nothing ?
va	O	At times his longing for her made him curt , but she tolerated him easily .
va	I	He bit his lip to avoid laughing , and Gumshoe 's lips curled into a smile .
va	I	There isn 't any air and it 's freezing .
va	O	Glen took the arrow in his left eye and he was dead before he hit the floor .
va	I	Then Moon surprised me , and I must have struck a nerve because there was a long pause .
va	O	She tucked it behind her ear and I felt her eyes on me .
va	I	She had begun the job and her father had told her the Adams had need of a bartender during the hours she was open .
va	I	He walked into the bedroom , closing the door behind him , and Yuri rose , the shoulder hurting him acutely for a moment .
va	I	I tiptoed in behind him , my heart pounding as I glanced around , and he crossed the threshold on silent feet .
va	I	That of the moaning wind outside , but she was met with no response .
va	I	I pulled her to me , my eyes bored into hers , and she jerked .
va	O	I don 't know about you , but I had a great night .
va	I	Dr. Rhodes ran through another few tests , to make sure my arm was in good shape and they used a saw to remove the cast .
va	I	Each gave her a kiss , and they looked in on mum , whose light was turning a brighter blue .
va	I	That was the only thing still where it should be , but it was there in his belt .
va	O	I knew they weren 't coming to make fun of my town , but I hoped it was what they expected .
va	I	He didn 't try to say anything else , but Terrance 's eyes held that same puzzled look .
va	I	There it was , but I hated it .
va	O	It was odd - and the mere thought of something odd occurring had excitement racing through my veins .
va	I	He doesn 't smile , but his eyebrows arch .
va	O	My heart is pounding , but I can 't think .
va	O	The shout came from across the room , and every eye in the place fell on the same spot as mine .
va	I	What I did , I did out of concern for my loved ones , but my past is not clean .
va	O	My lower lip began trembling again , and I dug my teeth into it to keep the stupid thing still .
va	O	The first explosion was loud and it shattered what was left of the glass in the lobby .
va	I	I found a great deal of humor in her current state of obliviousness , but I didn 't feel happy .
va	I	His throat appeared to clench and he seemed to have been avoiding eye contact .
va	O	The shadows under her eyes were darker than they had been two days ago , and her delicate features were pinched with exhaustion .
va	I	She was just fine with that , and all she could use as ammo were large ball bearings .
va	I	It was working , and Rafe knew she was only trying to bait him .
va	I	The others soon put him at ease but Joseph felt a little out of place at first .
va	O	I 'm not a woman 's fashion expert but I really like what you 're wearing today .
va	I	The bout was an enthusiastic one , but it was not the first time she had been ill lately .
va	O	If I freed my wolf , the whole yard would go ballistic and we would likely die .
va	I	Any unusual activities were being reported to the ever increasing numbers of soldiers and everyone was keeping a cautious watch on everyone else .
va	O	There were lines of wagons being loaded and there was also a line of horses standing in wait .
va	I	I 'm sure they 're dangerous , but haven 't seen them work yet .
va	I	A man jumped up and Zane walked up to the front desk .
va	I	You know how it goes and one thing led to another .
va	I	That deal would be kept and he was released on a deal .
va	O	That seems to win her over and she settles back in her bed .
va	O	Revelers streamed by along Broadway and we could hear loud , festive gatherings a couple blocks up at Union Square .
va	O	They had a minute , maybe two , before the voices would destroy her concentration and the roar of the beast would claim his .
va	I	Now that I look closer it is clearly two animals , but at first glance I mistook it for a winged lion .
va	O	He could be out of here in seconds , and no one would ever know his shame .
va	I	I looked at the mother , but I was answering the blonde .
va	I	I 'm supposed to go set things up for it , but they 're supposed to have a party going on later .
va	O	He left then , without waiting for a response from me , and the tears brimming in my eyes finally fell .
va	I	I knew that I really could fix his problem without doing any damage to his system , and I was confident now in my programming abilities .
va	O	A dark figure fell on him and they crashed through the bedroom door .
va	O	Renna turned to walk away , but Finn grabbed her arm .
va	I	He laughed softly and her legs tightened around his hand .
va	I	Sometimes I couldn 't help it , but I didn 't want to do more damage than I had to .
va	O	She could barely swallow but that didn 't matter because her throat was bone dry from fear .
va	O	His attitude made my mind reel even farther and I suddenly didn 't want to go out for lunch anymore .
va	I	It was a rusty sound , painful to listen to , but Wyatt laughed .
va	I	She 'd been terribly afraid , and the violent tremors had rocked her for so long .
va	O	I miss my fiancee , and I hate the fact that Susan 's dead .
va	O	The murmur up the hill increased , and the crowd in the yard began to part .
va	I	My body hummed and I was awake .
va	O	Her pupils widened with awareness , but she didn 't pull away .
va	O	She could sense his frustration with her , but she was not leaving here if there was a chance that they were going to hurt each other .
va	I	Eric 's grip was unshakable , but Iona tried to pull away .
va	O	The idea of food turned her stomach , but she knew she 'd feel better if she managed to choke something down .
va	I	Hope 's warning was not lost on him , and she 'd made it clear where her boundaries were .
va	I	His face was under control again , but he was still tense .
va	I	It is not very reliable , but I might have a way .
va	I	They were flanked by wide wooden pillars and Shallow carvings detailed their edges .
va	O	Spitting out grass , I tried to get back up again , but this time it was Marcus who attacked me .
va	O	The scent of fear beat at him and his fangs emerged .
va	O	A different kind of peace replaced the feeling of anxiety twisting in Tom 's gut and he felt a renewal of strength come from deep inside him .
va	I	His left had rolled into a tight fist , but I couldn 't see Troy 's right hand .
va	I	I stopped to take in my surroundings and a crack resounded off the trees around me .
va	I	She made out a hard , swollen bump just above his left wrist , but it was difficult to find in the dark .
va	O	Things had changed so much , and she realised that her dream of living in Paradise was slipping away before her eyes .
va	O	He was taking pictures of ... something , and I just overhead his last name .
va	O	It was dark outside , but I doubt she noticed .
va	O	She stiffened , and Scott 's brows arched when he noticed her reaction .
va	O	Julie 's head ached anew and the tumult in her stomach stepped up a notch .
va	O	She 's lost , but I 'll help her .
va	I	Matthew sat behind her wrapping his arms around her , and she sat down in the soft , fragrant grass .
va	O	Their bodies meshed like two pieces of a puzzle , and he knew bedding her would bear that idea out .
va	O	You keep the half you found , and I 'll hold onto my piece .
va	O	He was right , but he shouldn 't have presumed it .
va	I	Eveline couldn 't see the seal to know whom it may be from , but in his hand was a scroll .
va	I	She 'd had plenty of time to think about how he was suffering , but she 'd been unconscious when she 'd returned to her body .
va	I	Passing up a chance to see my boys live was insane , but I didn 't really want to find out her wicked plans .
va	I	She doesn 't care about everything in my past , and she makes me want to be a better person .
va	O	At first I feared he was bitten , but I couldn 't find a single mark .
va	I	Jenn 's and I 'll be at the apartment .
va	I	He pushed her back , and Devon had taken it as a challenge .
va	I	I realized he was smiling , and he put a hand on my shoulder .
va	O	It was her first tattoo and she was still a bit anxious .
va	O	Her head is bowed and I think she is asleep .
va	O	Cale shouted towards him and I laughed under my breath .
va	O	The cool air rushes in and I shiver as we say our good nights .
va	O	She inhaled deeply at his words , and her tenuous hold on control slipped .
va	I	Then his pace quickened , but I began to regret having said those words to him during our date in St. Thomas .
va	I	It caught her attention , and this one was new .
va	O	A form stepped into her path , and she shrieked in surprise .
va	O	There 's no electricity here , but there 's electricity on the plane .
va	O	She wasn 't wearing her flying leathers , and she was surprised at how quickly a chill began settling into her skin .
va	I	He still withdrew from me , going quiet as the grave , but my words were nowhere near as hardcore as the big 3 .
va	O	I immediately righted it , but by the silence in the kitchen , I knew they 'd heard that .
va	I	A lot of the fun I was having was lost on him , and I had nearly forgotten about the boy .
va	I	He didn 't sound like a man intent on killing a female , but there was an edge of crazy that he 'd been looking for .
va	I	She nodded , although she wasn 't sure she was , and he murmured .
va	O	The officer I talked to said it was self-defense , and I won 't get in trouble .
va	O	My stomach clenched at the memory of my father 's words , but I stuffed them back down .
va	I	He pushed her ahead of him , wanting more than anything to jerk her into the safety of his arms and Madeleine ground in her heels .
va	I	My lips covered her supple breast and I smiled as I took down my shorts .
va	I	It was just this wall of noise and Bob who worked there put it on .
va	I	A bank of stainless-steel cages filled the opposite side , and the room held a utilitarian table along one wall .
va	I	I didn 't , but I almost tried .
va	I	His close proximity startles me and putting back the mineral water , I turn .
va	O	His eyes settled on Matt 's face , and his mouth opened .
va	O	His hands reached for the garment 's hem and she raised her arms to better aid him .
va	I	I felt divinely beautiful in my ecstasy , and my orgasm burst out like an opening flower , like a rose .
va	I	Dean stayed steady , but my feet lost their grip on the ocean floor .
va	O	Ty 's hands slid over Zane 's hair and he patted him before kissing him again .
va	I	Colt found himself stepping back as Brielle moved away , and the men scattered .
va	I	He will have her one day , but he doesn 't know how exactly .
va	O	We got into the elevator , and it began its humming journey up to the next floor .
va	I	A strange voice cut through the air and the door opened .
va	O	It opened almost on cue when we reached its doors , and he stepped inside , still carrying me in his arms .
va	O	For a moment I couldn 't make anything out in the dim light of the ballroom , but soon I could see inside .
va	O	Their relationship had always been a rocky one , but after their children were taken , things deteriorated .
va	I	It was at least a story lower but there was a building beyond this one .
va	O	He didn 't have an excuse to offer her , and the truth was ... well , difficult to explain .
va	I	He told himself he was just eager to get started on the revenge for which he 'd waited so long and his hands itched to hold her .
va	I	Jane sat up and his microphone crackled .
va	O	The third day was heavily overcast and daylight came late .
va	I	Heart monitors and IV stands .
va	I	I took him to the storage room I 'd previously hidden the objects in , and we dressed .
va	I	It encircled her legs , his palm caressing her thigh under the flimsy skirt of her dress , but one muscular arm was under her knees .
va	I	The demons behind the glowing wall were crushed into oily black slurry , and she let out a hoarse cry of effort .
va	O	She watched them go until they were gone , and then she spoke another word of sharp command .
va	I	Her answer never changed and she 'd been asked that question every day for the past two weeks .
va	O	I know I 'm only twenty-two , but I totally thought I would have it made by this age .
va	I	When it goes off it sprays the stuff out to fifteen yards , and the incendiary is loaded with white phosphorus .
va	I	I felt an aching , maudlin feeling in my heart and as I reached the main road , the Villa disappeared from sight .
va	I	That hope twists in my chest , and I hope to find out .
va	O	Perhaps subconsciously she had come to some kind of decision , but in any case she knew what had to be done .
va	O	He had expected to see accusations , but somehow their despondent acceptance was even more disheartening .
va	I	Flopping weakly , a bloody froth leaking from his mouth , but he was not quite dead .
va	I	Helen couldn 't even hear what they were saying but the four others were arguing about politics .
va	I	They will not lead you astray and listen closely to their adherents .
va	I	He 'd never hoped to meet another woman after that and he 'd fallen in love with his wife in the eighth grade .
va	I	She had been looking forward to preparing tonight 's meal , but she hadn 't been looking forward to facing Darlene again .
va	I	His breath on my neck took it all away , but I should be disgusted by him .
va	I	At that moment I felt enraged , yet I 'd never felt anger towards her .
va	O	I felt my cheeks heat when he glanced my way , and I ducked my head .
va	I	It was his absolutely tantalizing clean male scent that hit her first , but he was holding out a to-go cup of coffee for her .
va	O	I miss practicing with the band , and that pisses me off because they sold me out .
va	I	He doesn 't , but I wait for him to pull his hand out of mine .
va	I	I hope he won 't go any further , but he may be past the point of reason .
va	O	Every step of the way , Serenity found herself silently thanking Sebastian , but even the thought of him in this intense situation hurt her heart .
va	O	Updating it would change its character , and she liked the memories forged here .
va	I	She caught his stab on the hilt of her sword , and his confusion had given her time to recover as well , though .
va	I	His face was clean-shaven and now it was shoulder length .
va	O	I am beaten and he knows it .
va	O	Might make me a cold-hearted bastard , but the outcome of Archer didn 't matter to me .
va	O	He turned his face in the other direction , but he wasn 't about to let her go .
va	O	He had thought of looking up Matilda to say hello but thoughts of Janie overpowered the urge .
va	I	Benji grabbed my wrist again , but I started to walk away .
va	O	We are a team , but you 're my mother .
va	I	She was unable to sleep and horrible memories of her childhood filled her mind .
va	I	I was unable to decipher what the determination was for , but I could see a look of determination plaguing his face .
va	O	Cassandra snapped her fingers , and the closest candle , the big red dwarf in a conical hat , lit up .
va	I	Yet they wanted to avoid a messy divorce and the marital relationship was already on the rocks .
va	I	Then the spear had hit him , and he 'd been moving the cohort to secure that shaky flank near the woods .
va	O	Evan asked , but he already had a good idea why Billy was there .
va	I	His question pulled me away from my thoughts and Tony 's curiosity got the better of him .
va	O	It 's ending too soon and I don 't want it to .
va	O	I opened my eyes to find him dressing and I suddenly felt very exposed in my nakedness .
va	O	Then Garrick called the class to order , and the awkwardness was postponed for a bit longer .
va	O	His knees gave out and he fell , putting his other hand out to brace himself .
va	I	It shocked him and he found an excuse to touch her elbow .
va	I	Paul seemed happy , but Tammie Lee might not be her first choice of a wife for her son .
va	O	Now she could pity him , but the anger was still there .
va	I	She squeaked out a reply , and I heard her gasp , as her eyes widened in shock .
va	I	Then they were rushing into a narrow stairwell , and he pulled her hand , yanking her toward a metal door on the right .
va	I	My eyes grew heavy , and he touched my arm .
va	O	If we waited until the first day it might be too late and I could be stuck there forever !
va	O	It had been young love but he had loved her .
va	O	He 'd taken her room , and she had not been here .
va	O	It 's the difference between the beauty of morning dew on a cobweb and actually being a fly .
va	O	I did not mean to confess that to her , but the words spill out of me .
va	I	Everyone called him Jo-Jo , but his name was John .
va	O	It was an instinctual reaction and we were counting on it .
va	I	He knew it and it was true .
va	O	She might be just sitting , but everything she did turned me on .
va	O	She finally allowed the tears to come and her body shook as she cried in his arms .
va	O	He left and he came back with the police .
va	O	Their hands brushed and their eyes met .
va	I	Really , really filthy and my dad looks exhausted .
va	O	I wrote him -- but he didn 't send the money as I asked .
va	O	Riding was a passion from Clarice 's youth , but it could only keep her occupied so long .
va	I	His smiled died a quick death , and Javier saw me staring at him .
va	I	Just listening to her , I get a sense of a lively , friendly person , but I don 't really recall the photo of her dad .
va	I	His explanations didn 't make any sense ... especially the mock sun , but Jack was the smartest person I 'd ever met .
va	I	It tingled , but it didn 't hurt .
va	I	She lifted it to look at Cole and something brushed against the top of her head .
va	I	It wasn 't because they 'd been friends , but she 'd never be able to forget him .
va	O	He knew that Joe couldn 't keep up with him forever , but he had to find a way to bring this chase to a conclusive end .
va	I	The two entered the house , and the driver produced another key .
va	O	He kissed me on the cheek in return and I grinned so hard my face hurt .
va	I	Lily stopped struggling in Sven 's arms , and a wave of calm filled the room .
va	I	The radio blares to life , and I push the knob that says Power .
va	I	I slipped in with relief , and Macon pulled up .
va	O	He paused , judging me for my reaction , but I still wasn 't sure how to react .
va	O	James stared at it and he shook his head .
va	O	Suddenly he spun me around , but I pulled loose of him .
va	O	Charlie looked over to Billy , but he wasn 't there .
va	O	He had been a leader , but he didn 't strike John as a thinker .
va	I	They 'd not even seen each other , and Sasha had dominated his thoughts from the first moment they met .
va	O	I had a mission , and I was not letting anything stand in my way .
va	I	I could not see the black marble floor and the stairs were completely gone .
va	I	I was not going to leave you alone with them , and I knew what those young men had on their minds .
va	O	For a long time they lay intertwined and she listened to his heartbeat until she finally fell asleep .
va	I	She came up gasping and her head broke through .
va	O	Her face met his eyes , and Julie smirked .
va	I	Maybe this was how it would happen , but it wasn 't her first choice .
va	O	She didn 't want to deal with Marco personally , and maybe professionally she needed to take a step back .
va	I	A thick green mist swirled around my body , and my hair began to blow wildly around me .
va	I	Rolls of ' fat ' swayed from his abdomen , and large rubber lumps protruded from his chest .
va	O	His face isn 't happy , and I can 't blame him .
va	I	I help her out of the tub and she raises her arms .
va	I	Cain interrupted , but she asked .
va	I	Now the servants groaned , and Bellamy 's head snapped back .
va	O	The way he says it , I think it 's a compliment , but I 'm not sure .
va	O	I know it doesn 't make complete sense , and I don 't know how to explain it .
va	I	They could see the ground far below them , but the light was too bright for them to see anything above them .
va	O	The old carriage house caught her eye and she made her way toward it .
va	I	I was surely better than this guy , but I was pretty lousy myself .
va	O	Normally , it was a fifteen-minute drive , but lately normal was starting to be abnormal .
va	I	Now I 'm going to take you on an adult ride , but I 've played with you nicely for the last few times .
va	I	He was a light sleeper , and Jeff seemed to have some kind of mind reading ability happening right now .
va	I	I hadn 't seen him until we went on our training mission , and I was thinking about how he 'd been on standby for a while .
va	I	It certainly hadn 't been that , but he didn 't know what he 'd expected .
va	I	He was always desperate for one more game and I was Trevor ' s ultimate soccer opponent .
va	I	Kiara started thinking and Jake went inside .
va	I	They knew that it would not be long before she would go to the menstrual hut , and she looked heavy with child .
va	O	Shane lifted me up and I wrapped my legs around him .
va	O	There are a few other men hanging around , but I don 't think they 're with him .
va	O	It was written all over inside , but the hand was not like mine .
va	I	Blue energy blossomed from her body and she grinned .
va	I	The power behind it was still alive , but Lea 's punches seemed to be getting sluggish .
va	O	I also got a big , thick quilt over my bed and the tubes pulled out .
va	I	His eyes went wide and Adam 's mouth gaped .
va	O	Jim started to say more , but they heard the heavy grinding noise of one of the dam doors sliding open .
va	O	We 've been friends a long time and I need to stay away from Cassie .
va	I	It was gone , but she struggled to find her breath .
va	O	A tremor wracked him , and he yelled with rage .
va	I	The crowd roared and the intro continued .
va	O	Hunter walked closer and John met him .
va	O	Heads nodded around the group , and Sky could see Max grinning widely out of the corner of her eye .
va	O	Macon took off as soon as Brody got back to work , and I was left at a nearly empty bar .
va	I	She just settled down without releasing his hand , but Eric gave her a smiling frown of confusion .
va	O	He started with a vicious question , and matters went from bad to worse .
va	O	He pulled the door closed and I heard the locks snap into place .
va	O	She 's a smart woman and I know she can do it .
va	I	She had the means to defend herself and she was a woman full grown .
va	I	She managed to wash her long hair with only a little difficulty , but it was even tight for her .
va	O	I was mad at him and he was mad at me .
va	O	She accidently scratched my arm , but it was nothing .
va	I	She had until she 'd become pregnant , or Jamie had always been a sensible woman .
va	O	I froze at the mention of Vaughn , and the strap slipped away from my fingers , snapping back into the holder .
va	I	She had to swallow the bile rising in her throat , and the kiss sent shivers down her back .
va	O	She hands them their coats reluctantly , and the three hug like dear sisters .
va	O	I know that 's over simplistic , but it beats staying around here waiting for the mother ship to show up .
va	O	It only lasted a month , but it was the sweetest month .
va	I	She could never know the inner workings of their thoughts , but she could command them , force them to do Her will .
va	O	The place was deserted , and given any other circumstance , it would have been perfect .
va	O	I shouted , and he groaned .
va	O	Her cheeks had regained some of their mocha color , but her eyes still cut away shyly .
va	I	Graham chose me to be in his , and we each had to perform in a piece .
va	O	The words stab me in the back and I stop , frozen in place , before I turn .
va	I	Each time was better than the last and they had made love three times now .
va	O	The temperature had finally cooled off to normal levels , but it still didn 't feel like winter to me .
va	O	Ten knots wasn 't enough but it was better than nothing .
va	I	I feel something crumble inside me , and the words nearly break my heart .
va	O	They had school in the morning , and she had to teach .
va	O	He was almost as tall as Avalon , and each of his muscles were clearly defined underneath a white t-shirt .
va	O	He was marked for a mass grave , but the medic saw something which took his attention away .
va	I	He actually looked kind of sull en , and the smirk disappeared from Archer 's face .
va	O	Her innocent words came back to him , and this time he realized their full impact .
va	I	Lacey hasn 't mentioned meeting her there again , and I haven 't been back to the Wellness Center since that first time .
va	O	It was a really good break , and we did a lot of laughing .
va	O	Heat twisted her insides , but she wrenched her mind back to the task at hand .
va	O	The murder mystery deepens , and fingers point in all directions .
va	I	This time , I don 't stop , and I reach for her again .
va	I	She couldn 't stop feeling that way , but she knew it was a fruitless thought .
va	O	Her anger never comes upon us without cause , and it never ceases without expiation .
va	O	I wanted to ask him if he recognized me , but I knew this was not the right time .
va	O	By that point they 'd had to sedate Max again and I 'd lost all hope of getting to see him for the rest of the day .
va	I	She lurched , tried to scramble away from him and he came down beside her on the bed .
va	O	Some of them wore plate mail , some chain , and some wore hardened leather scales .
va	I	I stayed in bed most of the day , but I do not often like to be pampered .
va	O	The other image had much worse resolution than the first , yet it was unmistakably a male , forties .
va	I	I 'm sure I can convince him that I 'm what he 's looking for , and he 's got what I 'm looking for .
va	O	My pulse played loudly in my ears and sheer panic was beginning to wash over me .
va	I	Creativity wasn 't a big part of it and my life 's path had been decided for me a long time ago .
va	I	It 's such a turn-on , especially when she touches me back and touching her like that , especially in public , feels so forbidden .
va	O	Milo 's eyes rounded with shock , and he was speechless for a moment .
va	O	Mia had been living with Aunt Renata for three years and it was quite similar to the life she lived with her grandmother .
va	I	He would not take it easy on her , but Julian 's gaze remained locked upon her , sympathy radiated from him .
va	O	Assassins liked the night on general principles , but the night of the necropolis was something else .
va	O	I wasn 't sure who Nate knew , but I assumed they weren 't selling those things in the pawn shops .
va	O	I can 't explain it but it almost looked like he had been crying .
va	I	This was supposed to be the major element in that paper and she was working on her doctoral thesis .
va	O	The flames were flickering around him , and Ryder knew Dante would rise soon .
va	I	They traded strained glances , and Benji noticed , too .
va	O	I tried to forget our horrid night , but it started replaying itself in my mind .
va	O	He moved his hands from behind his back to her sides , but it was not an attempt to gain control .
va	I	I 'd never have gotten to sleep , or I didn 't lay there too long .
va	O	The sight of the swarming Scottish hoard marching toward our unorganized ranks was too much for any soldier to bear , and their morale shattered .
va	O	He snaps upright , and I realize belatedly that he 's been leaning down to bring his face nearer to mine .
va	O	Norman felt the rumble of the electric motors , but there was no real sense of motion .
va	I	He imagined the effect to be reduced if surrounded by more company and the mausoleum disturbed him .
va	O	She gasped against Domenico 's lips but he didn 't let go .
va	O	They like to play a little poker among themselves and they get me to deal .
va	I	He held up his hand , and she reached for another saucer .
va	O	I know she hit him with a wine bottle once , but after talking with her I really think that was reflex .
va	I	I turned to find him sitting on the bed watching me , and he cleared his throat .
va	O	He wasn 't embarrassed , and he didn 't regret what he 'd done .
va	O	I felt the blast of heat on my face , bringing tears to my eyes , and the faery disappeared into the fire .
va	I	It must use up a lot of her powers , but I 'm not exactly sure how she possesses her host bodies .
va	O	She didn 't know why she was so uneasy tonight , but she reckoned the weather had something to do with it .
va	I	Yet it was desirable and it was like not existing .
va	O	His hungry stare brought color to my cheeks , and I was too conscious of the warmth of his fingers when he touched me .
va	O	Kirsty was happily bursting with news about her honeymoon , and Tammy was relaxed enough to enjoy listening to it .
va	O	I started crying in the middle of my third try at the SATs and I couldn 't stop .
va	I	I chose that moment to just watch him sleep and if I moved any more he might wake up .
va	I	His chest felt as tight as if he were wearing a corset of his own , and his cock rubbed uncomfortably against his jeans .
va	O	I watched as he cringed and I pouted up at him .
va	O	Our bus pulled up and I tugged on Simon .
va	I	She slowly drew lines down to her breasts and her fingers then touched her neck .
va	I	I hold up my hand as if that reiterates my point , and all five of my fingers are extended with my list .
va	O	I tried to call to him , but all that came out were sobs .
va	O	She was there , but Rich wasn 't .
va	O	His lips parted , and a warm current of air swirled up into the night .
va	I	The idea of zipping up in a sleeping bag to ease the suffering lay years in the future , and down hunting clothes weren 't universally available .
va	O	It was all becoming too much for him to bare , but he knew that time was running out for him .
va	I	I filed out and my bus stopped .
va	I	I had to stop to take a look , and Bull pointed over to it as we passed .
va	I	I knew in my heart that Connie was there , but Rita seemed disgusted .
va	I	I think I 'm going to lay down , but I don 't mean to rush you out .
va	I	I can 't say it bothered me , but I knew she was caring for him .
va	I	I still check , but there 's never anything there .
va	I	No one had seen them , but I had a room stocked with my paintings .
va	I	She let herself imagine he 'd done it because he 'd wanted to see her again , but he probably always walked through the foyer .
va	I	I flinched at the wild look in his bloodshot eyes , and he spun around .
va	I	She had thought her life was screwed up , and Lord have mercy .
va	I	I fought my father 's decision , but at the time , I had no idea of any of this .
va	O	I pulled it out of my lap and we climbed off the dragon .
va	I	Gossamer curtains ripple in the breeze , and Sunlight slants into my unfamiliar bedchamber from arched windows , filling the space with a cream-colored haze .
va	I	They could get round that embarrassment by claiming it was edgy but the location was cheap .
va	O	It didn 't last so long this time but it was a big one all the same .
va	O	I just lost Adele , not that she knows , and I 'm feeling oddly sensitive about any mockery directed at Vel , particularly in that way .
va	O	Her heart pounded in her chest and she didn 't want the dizzying sensations to end .
va	O	My purse was huge , full of more stuff than I really needed , but nothing in the contents resembled a weapon .
va	I	As the boys watched , they found themselves doubting her reputation and she looked frail .
va	I	There was a slight chill in the air and the sun had gone down .
va	I	Danica knew it could take years to change behaviors , and they 'd had only a few short sessions together .
va	O	I happen to find some foods very pleasing , but it 's not necessary .
va	O	She muffled a laugh , and Akiva , drifting , began to believe that he was dead .
va	I	My heart doubled its speed , and I bit back a scream .
va	O	Franco was alive , and if anybody could scrap his way through , he could .
va	O	People hurled rocks through the windows the first couple of days , and nocturnal gunfire sometimes jolted him out of inactive mode .
va	O	I watched as the time stamp skipped ahead , and I thought that I saw Xavier move .
va	O	I didn 't see any doors that could lead to other rooms , but I didn 't expect to .
va	I	He swats my hand away , but my fingers seek the hem of his shirt .
va	I	I don 't want to see your reputation go to hell and you need to make the money back for the stud fee .
va	O	You may be a psychologist but you don 't know Jenny , not like I do .
va	O	I had noticed him right off when I came in and he had felt me .
va	I	The Company Commander was already at his desk but it was early .
va	I	She pressed a hand against his chest , holding him back , but her lips parted as he neared the apex of her legs .
va	O	I used to be able to read him better , but I can tell he 's purposefully shutting me out .
va	I	I hate seeing you wasting away and I wish to see him happy .
va	O	Something wasn 't right and everyone could sense it .
va	O	Her voice retains that hard tone she always has , but I can tell she means it .
va	I	He declined until she forced him to taste some , but she reciprocated .
va	I	I wonder if it will ever be topped , and the spectacle was so breathtaking I couldn 't sleep .
va	O	Several large wood barrels were filled with delicious looking apples , and pretty decorations hung from the ceiling .
va	O	Auron placed his daughter down and the little girl ran outside .
va	I	That expertise had earned him the moniker of Dragon , and the guy was a martial arts expert .
va	O	They chuckled , but her head hurt too much to join .
va	O	His face fell further , and she shook her head .
va	O	I know what it 's like to do it right , and I know what it feels like if you mess up .
va	I	He hurried to find the source and the floor was slick with blood .
va	I	We always stick together , and we are family now .
va	O	Her senses went wild , and she swallowed hard .
va	O	Jaden couldn 't reproduce and I wanted an heir .
va	I	Leah wasn 't done and Lucien didn 't share this .
va	I	She wanted the paycheck just as bad as he did , but she knew Boone had the ability to win the bet .
va	I	Then he smiled , and he waited until she looked at him .
va	O	I never want you to come back here , and I never want to see you again .
va	O	She 'd wanted a friend here in Serendipity and now she had one .
va	I	The boy halted in his tracks , and it dropped to the green grass .
va	I	More worry twisted my stomach , and a thought occurred to me .
va	O	By then this would all be over and everyone would be back in town looking for him .
va	O	Tristan came to stand beside me , and he lay his hands on Abigail .
va	O	All the girls around her were staring and she expected to hear the cellar door open at any moment .
va	I	Even though it wasn 't as elaborate , she loved it , and the new one fit better .
va	I	I raised Vic once more , and they slowly advanced on me .
va	O	I turned around and Rhea stood in the kitchen , waiting .
va	O	The middle brother was known to frequent the club every once in a while , but Chandler was a regular , from what she 'd discovered .
va	O	I don 't have all the information on me , but I could email you when I get home tonight .
va	I	The game was over fifteen to one , and it didn 't take too long .
va	I	Her face flushed red and Mandy 's hands shook .
va	O	The water was too cold and the darkness had engulfed her .
va	I	She hated seeing him with that raw red hole in his chest , but she smiled a weak smile .
va	I	He takes it as an invitation and I slide a hand up to his neck .
va	I	She heard it in his voice but she couldn 't see his smile .
va	I	His awareness doesn 't stop him , but he 's aware of it too .
va	O	The vice tightened , but somehow my heart did not feel as though every ounce of life was being drained from it .
va	I	Greasing the right palms and shaking the right hands .
va	I	That was beyond awesome and she wasn 't shy .
va	O	She could lie to anyone else , but she couldn 't lie to herself .
va	I	She knew better , but it was almost enough to make her vow it would never happen .
va	O	I hadn 't been able to bring myself to call her back until it was too late and she was out of sight .
va	O	I might be able to defend myself against them now , but part of me still feared them .
va	O	It clicked and Tammy froze .
va	O	He seemed interested and I continued chattering away , giving him far more information than he probably wanted .
va	O	Shane was very patient and an all around nice guy , it took a lot for him to get annoyed .
va	I	His shoulders relaxed , and he smiled then .
va	I	I couldn 't , but I tried to control it .
va	I	Then he went at it again , and his head turned slightly to get a better angle .
va	O	Gary 's eyes flicked to Darla 's and she shook her head in disbelief .
va	I	His body was pleasantly warm and he wrapped his arms around me .
va	O	They were expected at Seymour in an hour , and Preston increased his throttles to 75 percent power .
va	O	Perhaps I should have hesitated , too , but I knew Aidan didn 't earn much more than me .
va	O	Mark was his middle name actually , but he was angry at this kid because he wouldn 't shut up .
va	I	The sunlight remained , and the weather was calm .
va	O	The clock ticked in the background , and the journal in my bag may as well have been screaming at me .
va	O	Maybe it wasn 't Lyle , but there was someone else .
va	I	I suggested Joseph after my father , but Richard wants to name him Laurent .
va	O	Sir Horace 's foot flew off , and with an awful noise like a whole pile of tins falling over , Sir Horace crashed to the ground .
va	O	A light drizzle starts in , and we finish the game , frosted with microscopic droplets of water .
va	I	He decided not to tell her what was awaiting them in the cave , and no , she had no idea .
va	O	He could be a stickler for following the rules , and this confirmed he really thought it was an emergency .
va	O	His claws dig into my back , hurting me a little , but it 's a pain I 'll bear gladly .
va	O	The freezing of the Thames does not occur very often , and any boy would want to see it .
va	O	My sister had a thing for flamingos , and they were everywhere .
va	I	She began smoothing out her hair , and Trenton immediately caught her eye .
va	O	He was pale , but being pale doesn 't mean you 're dead , so she tried to be logical about it .
va	I	I liked the French , and as everyone knows , they were the opposite of the French .
va	O	Brin briefly recounted what happened in the village and the mortal pair exchanged an amazed look , even though he had left out the more bizarre details .
va	I	We walked back through the gardens toward the main hotel , and she grabbed my arm .
va	I	I 'm not doing a great job , but I try to hold in my laughter .
va	I	She 'd never accepted , but he 'd asked Vivian out on occasion .
va	I	Since the keep she 'd been subdued , but she 'd always been a lively girl .
va	I	The sense of abandonment I experienced was overwhelming , and Dad 's not here to help me anymore .
va	O	She shuddered as Finn touched his fingers to her neck , and when he pulled them away , blood coated his fingertips .
va	I	She didn 't feel like explaining herself further , but it was obvious from the skeptical look in his blue eyes that he totally didn 't see .
va	O	I 'd been rude this evening and he 'd come to me anyway .
va	I	Right now , his thoughts were on Molly , but he 'd call Ty from his cell phone in a few minutes .
va	O	You kin be the brains and he 'll be the brawn .
va	O	It was a sharp change in subject and obviously Bax wasn 't happy that the stunning woman was anywhere near his city .
va	I	They couldn 't stand to be apart , and each just knew where the other was .
va	I	She 's never done anything that desperate for anyone , and I 've known that woman for a long time .
va	I	Sara tumbled in , feeling the darkness close in around her and another hole came out of the blue .
va	O	Sara yanked me unceremoniously inside , and we both fell on the ground .
va	I	His lips were soft against mine , but Chapter Five His kiss was firm .
va	I	I knew he had made his last protest , and when I pulled him out from under the bed , I saw that his eyes had clouded .
va	O	He could see the mast , and McBride going forward to set the sails , though not raising them , here in the river .
va	O	His jaw shifted and his eyes narrowed .
va	I	It 's too ingrained from everyone 's time in the hordes but I wish I could put a stop to this kind of thinking .
va	I	He never wanted to let her out of his sight again , and his protective instincts were on overdrive .
va	O	Two truckers sat at the counter , and a man in a deputy 's uniform was drinking coffee in the back corner .
va	O	Mum lurches towards him but Dev knocks her back .
va	O	I nodded , satisfied , but the smug expression faded .
va	O	I stopped short in my garage , and Tammy ran full force into me .
va	I	Amusement definitely hovered near , but Daniel wasn 't smiling .
va	I	When he came back to himself it was like my mother 's spell was completely broken and he made a last minute miraculous recovery .
va	I	He stopped her but she reached for the light .
va	I	She took a deep breath , and Renna 's stomach fluttered .
va	I	We 'll double and if you want to invite Shane Adams , I can find a date .
va	I	He flew off of me with a gasp and I kicked him dangerously close to the crotch .
va	O	They look like they are bleeding , but they are as dry as ever before .
va	O	You got dragged to enough of these things back on the mainland , and you never seemed to enjoy them there .
va	O	Soon they 'd both regret this , but she 'd save all the remorse for another day .
va	I	Then you 'll feel the power starting to build up inside you , and you 'll feel very strange for a moment .
va	O	You were trying to save lives and he was happy to help .
va	O	The day isn 't half over and I 'm already losing my strength .
va	I	Morrow must be parched and sadly I didn 't .
va	O	Waves broke gently in the distance , and the trees rustled with a breeze .
va	I	It smiled then in stuck its tongue out and he had a clown face on the coat .
va	I	He unfolded it with careful concentration , and the sheathed blade had been wrapped in slinky indigo silk .
va	I	He could be patient , but her stare was guarded now .
va	I	I knew it wasn 't safe , but most of them were harmless bums , runaways .
va	O	Lucas had to be here , but I couldn 't find him .
va	O	I was moonlight , and he was black fire , bright enough that it cast shadows across the field .
va	I	The rest are focused on their tablets , but one older gentleman looks out the window .
va	I	It had changed once more , but the picture was still there .
va	I	Please share them and enjoy the stories !
va	O	My feet grew colder and I started breathing slower , more shallowly .
va	O	The voice of Honesty would not answer , but this new voice intruded without warning .
va	I	She motioned him out of the Jeep , but Owen felt as if he was intruding on her private time .
va	I	I couldn 't do much for it , but I realized my face betrayed my surprise .
va	I	There she wore a simple string of pearls and her pink blouse was open at her throat .
va	O	Life might have thrown her some punches this last year , but Della Tsang didn 't go down easy .
va	O	She was a lot older than me , but she lived in my neighborhood .
va	O	His son 's shoulders slumped and his brothers chuckled beside him .
va	I	She forced herself to concentrate on the void , and her focus wavered in front of her .
va	I	The confusing thoughts vanished as if they 'd never existed and her head reeled again .
va	O	The three of them looked at one another , and Rachel gulped helplessly .
va	O	She went inside wrapped in a towel and I told her that she could take a shower if she wanted .
va	I	Nothing like the grandeur of the bordello , but it was pleasant .
va	O	They might not taunt each other in the Rosewood halls anymore , but they wouldn 't sit together at Steam , either .
va	O	We turn a corner , and I hear muffled shouts .
va	I	Then I shouldn 't have been surprised at being out of the loop , but that was news to me .
va	I	In this room , Jonesy was singled out by Suzi , but it looked exactly the same as the one before .
va	I	Flung them into the fire and Claire tore loose more pages .
va	I	That caused the Wanderers to abandon their circle strategy as they started in on him , and this required him to stop moving .
va	O	Turning , she went into the kitchen , and we followed .
va	I	I remember my dare and there is a sword leaning against the throne .
va	I	He must have , but Tessa had not seen Will pass it to Charlotte .
va	I	I was helpless against her and she moved my soul , the very depth of my being .
va	O	I notice the guy from outside , James , but he doesn 't acknowledge me when I pass .
va	O	He wanted to escape the memories but they came like waves , flooding his senses .
va	I	He gave it to her and it 's a rare gift .
va	O	Its frustration was evident and Timmy again intervened .
va	O	Kimberly didn 't know what to do , but she needed time to think .
va	I	The hand on my shoulder paused and his leg muscle tensed .
va	O	Kate wisely decided not to do that , and he opened his eyes .
va	I	The sun was on our backs , and it was late afternoon by now .
va	O	You finish school and you go on .
va	O	Physically he was ruined , and mentally he had changed as well , grown simpler .
va	I	There was more to be done , but Preston shook his head in wonder .
va	I	By then , every Brute on Xavier knew where I was , and there was no doubt the Scroll was on the top level .
va	I	Vidalia looked at the clock , and her sisters huddled around her .
va	O	My stomach twisted at the sight , and I tucked my chin tighter against my knees , as if for protection .
va	I	Roddy scampered off to play with his blocks , and Rod put the youngster on the floor .
va	O	It might still be a mite early but all this reining around the obstacles in these gullies had got me plumb wore out .
va	O	She 'd never been one for facial hair but on him she liked it .
va	I	She wanted him inside her more , but Alana wanted to punch the guy .
va	I	Helen 's body felt as if it were wrapped in a warm , soft cloud , and the world quieted around them .
va	I	She never left her partner in trouble , and Jaxon never stopped until it was over .
va	I	I told myself : calm , and when he pressed me into the sheets my muscles coiled against the coming finality of our union .
va	O	Jazz can safely come forward with her information , and we achieve our goal in a different way .
va	O	She seemed to believe me and the relief was a release for me .
va	I	She quickly squirmed away but the man took her by the shoulders .
va	I	He knew it would help prevent infections , but Billy poured hydrogen peroxide into their cuts which caused the dogs to yelp .
va	O	There has to be a reason why he 's there , and I think someone may be keeping an eye on him .
va	O	I cannot conceive of any reason for Rebecca to be at my house , but her timing is definitely perfect .
va	O	He threw it behind them , and there was a loud hiss .
va	I	An eye peered out , and the door opened slightly .
va	O	My stomach twists , but I tell myself it will be okay .
va	I	The buildings in the old town are painted pink , and the landscape is beautiful .
va	O	we were in my bed and you came home from work .
va	I	He couldn 't back down once provoked -- not from anyone , but he didn 't want to harm her gorgeous face .
va	O	If I could dominate this man , there 'd be an uproar and the pack would continue to be unsettled .
va	O	Wave tied her backpack to her chair so it wouldn 't float away , but I desperately clung to my purse .
va	I	She 'd hoped he could be a good father , and she 'd dreamed of them having children one day .
va	O	Her throat tightened , and she swallowed hard .
va	O	Victoria was all grown up and different than what Martinique expected .
va	O	My voice was tight and I wished I was with him so I could thump him so hard that I had him crying .
va	I	They hopped onto the bike and Riley tossed a helmet to her .
va	O	Nick could hear more than one voice join in , but they were too faint to work out if he 'd heard them before .
va	I	Right now she needed to think and Jamie thought better when she moved .
va	O	Opening my mouth , I tried to speak , but words failed me .
va	O	She made another noise , and this time it sounded like she was in actual physical pain .
va	I	It took a few minutes for me to remember where the hell I was and xoxo Jessica Chapter 6 My eyelids cracked open to an unfamiliar ceiling .
va	O	She led him into her bedroom , and he stopped when he noticed the five-foot wall poster of her as Beauty posing with the Beast .
va	I	Jael must be dead , and he needs medical attention .
va	I	Everyone expected him to propose and they were getting pretty serious .
va	O	She knew she could have fallen for Milos had Mikey not already been a part of her life , and Milos knew it too .
va	I	Julia could still hear him tell the cop that foul play may have been involved , but he lowered his voice .
va	O	After several more classes it was lunch period and I found my way over to the cafeteria .
va	I	A hiss of smoke rose from the cavity 's mouth and with a poof the cave belched out its final passionate burning kiss .
va	O	They 're a married couple , nice enough , but I felt like I was cramping their style .
va	O	I doubted Roth even thought twice about it , but I had quite a few times since Friday .
va	I	Zora seemed to have softened up to Hilda , but Zora used to get easily annoyed by Hilda .
va	O	He still didn 't remember me , but the mask was in place .
va	I	This guy , whoever he was , his betrayal had been more devastating because of it , and her heart had been involved .
va	I	Headlights shine at my back and cars are pulling out behind me .
va	I	The zombie had gotten inside the knight 's shield but it was on his sword .
va	I	My words don 't object but I put my hand up in refusal .
va	I	I screwed up and I got scared .
va	O	They weren 't hurrying , and they weren 't alarmed .
va	O	She knew without a doubt that she was falling for him , and she also knew they had no chance of a future together .
va	O	She looked frightened at his speech , but he was too angry to repent of it .
va	O	My hands flew out to protect myself from falling and the can of hairspray rolled down the steps .
va	O	No doubt , I looked like crap , but Charles was ignoring that .
va	O	Kai draws me close , and I snuggle up , closing my eyes .
va	O	Rory 's free fist snapped up , and she punched Covington in the face .
va	O	Demons like those had to be summoned , and they would stay close to their summoner .
va	O	Hassan looked back at his home once more before they left , and then he spat with a look of anger in his eyes .
va	I	She didn 't want to risk losing his friendship and she 'd only hung on longer than that because they were comfortable together .
va	O	There was a knock and the door opened .
va	I	A violent tremor rocked his frame , and he watched dawn break across my face .
va	I	She felt the tip of him prodding at her center and he lay between her thighs .
va	O	Tasha 's eyes lit with excitement , but she masked it with smooth composure .
va	O	I have no idea how , but I can 't stomach her tears .
va	I	He was right , but Kate shook her head .
va	I	I felt my skin begin to prickle , and he stared at me for a few seconds .
va	I	I held her close , knowing for certain that the next year would be the longest in my life and we kissed .
va	O	I was also very much aware that the blood could most likely be mine , but I really didn 't care anymore .
va	I	When I confronted him , he laughed at me , and he was setting traps out in the countryside where we grew up .
va	I	Her cheeks burned and Miss Lloyd recoiled .
va	I	We must make our way across town , and the party is in half an hour .
va	O	My imaginary chase had become a very real one , as Clifford ran after the darting rabbit and I followed him .
va	I	Cassie turned to go , and Sally began to shout more instructions to the cafeteria workers .
va	O	Soon he became his trusted man , and studying the old man 's behavior , he learnt to be as skilful as him .
va	I	It came eventually ; but they interviewed for some time before they got the line they were waiting for .
va	O	I didn 't like the idea but I thought he was probably right .
va	I	She had to make sure , but it was a long shot .
va	I	It only seemed appropriate to see what all the fuss was about , and we 'd been newly anointed high schoolers .
va	I	She 's running again and my hand slips from her arm .
va	I	Although she doesn 't respond , I can see it in her eyes , and I ask .
va	I	My nostrils widen and my fingers curl inwards .
va	O	You had your act together back then and you were going to be someone .
va	I	She didn 't press me on it either , but she didn 't look to buy my fake smile .
va	I	He hasn 't been part of mine , and I 've not been part of his life for twenty years .
va	I	Richard didn 't , but dozens of people entered .
va	I	We were now free and an idea struck me as I realized I 'd made it through an entire school day .
va	O	It came four days before Coleman 's disappearance , and the man spoke with bitterness .
va	I	I waved back , although I couldn 't remember his name , and another student waved at me .
va	I	Booze is delicious , but Food tastes awful .
va	O	Travis tried to see what she did in the old bar , but frankly , it escaped him .
va	O	He let go and a small fountain of dark , red blood spurted out like a garden hose with no pressure .
va	I	Satisfaction surged through me , and she cried , panicked .
va	I	My mother desperately wanted more , but I was an only child .
va	O	All the clans had driven out their unbelievers and they came together to make one great force .
va	O	A foolish one , since I 'd gotten knocked out and Jasmine had died anyway .
va	O	They approached me and in that moment my mission became very real .
va	I	It startled the creature , but the soft white light was not enough to blind Riley .
va	O	His voice cracked on those last words , and he tucked his head into his hand .
va	I	Niu had not expected him to , and he made no effort to relax .
va	O	My lips tingled from his brief touch and I looked up into his eyes .
va	I	I wonder if she is trying to rid herself of some awful image and she takes in a jagged breath as she shakes her head .
va	I	I knew it and he was right .
va	I	We 're all alone but I look for help .
va	I	They were people who were known to him , and this man had seen worse on a daily basis .
va	I	He 'll welcome you with open arms and ask Jesus to forgive you .
va	O	He breaks down then and an older woman moves to his side to comfort him .
va	I	She felt the impact through every nerve in her body , and a rock the size of a grapefruit hit her on the elbow .
va	O	It pained me to say it , but better to cut us off now than later , when he 'd broken my heart .
va	I	She shrugged her indifference and I lowered my hands .
va	I	I walked over to the garbage can to throw them away and Taylor handed me his plate .
va	O	His lips were moving , but he was out of my earshot .
va	O	The Shifter stopped with a growl , and Sean gave him an answering one .
va	I	I smile at the look of shock in her eyes , and she snaps up quickly , her head whirling around toward me .
va	O	We agreed on a time and I hung up the phone .
va	O	A flush is rising up my neck , but I can 't suppress a smile -- until I glance at Echo .
va	O	Aidan glanced at me and I smiled , moving to his side .
va	O	Something else has happened and I 'm trying to keep it as quiet as I can .
va	I	Yet she was also her own woman , and Sarah was so like Elizabeth .
va	O	His lips were pale , but his cheeks were flushed .
va	O	Nothing had happened to it and he chuckled .
va	I	I began to gather the ingredients and he handed me the recipe for the cranberry nut bread .
va	I	Chance 's Daughter would probably win the five top races of the year , and he had plenty of other horses that would do well .
va	I	I was totally taken back this time but usually I was the best in Mathematics .
va	I	Olivia found herself glancing back over her shoulder , but she hurried to keep up with Case .
va	O	The bartender used the remote , and the volume began to rise .
va	O	I helped her up and we walked to the door .
va	O	My shoulders slumped and I looked away .
va	O	The sermon began , and the murmuring stopped .
va	I	People don 't care anymore , and it 's 1920 , a new decade .
va	O	My eyes popped open wide , and Zayne lifted his head .
va	O	Little Ambrose was chasing after a feeling , but it was enough to keep him going .
va	O	At first it was difficult for Matthew to understand what he was seeing , but then he realized Ammon had been living for hundreds of years .
va	I	He responded well and I spoke to him as I would a faithful servant .
va	O	She hadn 't run away to tell any other pack about Julia , and Julia was safe .
va	O	In truth , we need Pat , but he needs to spread his wings .
va	O	They had left six months before as boys , but the arduous regime had done them both well .
va	I	He had to propagate the lie but Richard was now in deep water .
va	I	Very little light filtered through the gray clouds , but Dawn was on the horizon .
va	O	She didn 't look good the last time he saw her and in a worst-case scenario , she could really have passed away .
va	O	He threw her across the room and she smashed against the opposite wall .
va	I	We have separate purposes , but part of me wants to see March more than anything .
va	I	His vision started to blur as he stumbled down the sloping lawn towards the wooden boat dock and he could see stars in front of his eyes .
va	O	That slanted grin was still on his face , but his eyes were black .
va	I	Sure enough , it 's painted shut , and she shows me the window in question .
va	O	He seemed to be waiting for something , but she didn 't know what it was .
va	I	I don 't know fully what 's going on , and you 're going through a lot that I 've missed .
va	I	She let the men have their time , but still so much more work to do .
va	O	He leaned in and she made a second wish , his wish , that he not pull back this time .
va	O	The crowd fell silent for a moment , but slowly a glad undercurrent arose .
va	I	The expression in her eyes belied her tone , but Isabel 's voice was pleasant .
va	O	She made a feeble attempt to lift her throbbing head , but her body rewarded her with a spear to the temple .
va	O	I felt delirious as she spoke , and I wasn 't sure if I was hearing her correctly .
va	O	The Z roared to life and Mike zipped over , waving to me through the open window .
va	O	The past was the past , and the people at the Henley seemed to go about their business as if nothing at all had changed .
va	I	It 'd be a fun little reunion for her to see what he looked like , and he was going to be at the wedding .
va	I	She didn 't hit send , but she began to dial 911 .
va	O	He closed his hand around the air in front of him , and an invisible force tightened around my throat .
va	I	You have no loyalty and you 're all animals .
va	I	I am stunned enough to allow him for a moment before I resist and he yanks me along .
va	O	Alex was grabbing them a few beers , and then he would be off to join Ashley .
va	O	Judging from the light , it was midday but she was still tired .
va	O	He started it , and we followed the ruts in the field road .
va	I	Madeline did , too , and Emma burst out laughing .
va	I	He 'd be happy to get his woman in his bed , and his men could finish off what he started .
va	I	We all watch the footage of the arrest silently , and it was the small mistakes that got them caught .
va	O	There were shadows under his eyes , and his pale gold hair was untidy .
va	O	The photograph was dominated by the glare of a large fire , and the sheer volume of smoke made it hard to get a sense of scale .
va	I	I yearn to know , but I am embarrassed to ask such a pitiable question .
va	I	I stepped out and the door opened again .
va	O	Ken didn 't believe what had happened , but it did just happen .
va	O	I felt as if we were on the verge of something huge , and if I said the wrong words , the moment would pass forever .
va	I	A gym bag lay inside and the locker popped open .
va	I	He wouldn 't cry , but an overpowering anger consumed him .
va	I	Now it was too much time instead of too little , but Time remained the enemy .
va	I	Our marriage was one of convenience more than anything , but Jacob could be sweet when he wanted to .
va	O	They couldn 't believe what they had just seen , but somehow , they would have to find the strength to move .
va	I	Beverly 's fluffy blonde head popped around the corner and the door to his office opened .
va	O	The door to 3c was open , but I knocked before entering .
va	I	With summer almost at its height , he looked forward to exploring the country with Prudence , and the country was a beautiful .
va	O	His name is Karl , and I 've only met him once .
va	O	As he watched , her swollen lips parted and the tip of her tongue swept the bottom .
va	I	He noticed my face for the first time and his comment caught my father 's attention .
va	I	It looked like a good place to rest my head for now and a nearby bucket rested on the ground .
va	I	Molly opened it moments later and he knocked on the door .
va	O	The door to room 501 opens and my British stranger fills the doorway .
va	O	A person could only suffer a certain amount of humiliation and I 'd reached my quota .
va	O	I moved slowly into the other room and Kara walked behind me warily with Thom following .
va	O	His voice was short and he ignored her question .
va	I	I did it , but it felt silly .
va	O	The time had come for her to deal with the shambles Kent had made of her life , but she couldn 't do it here .
va	O	More gunfire erupted nearby and Colton dove for cover .
va	O	We were just so similar , and she was like my new half .
va	I	Things are still uncertain but it looks like the telepaths are still going to be a threat .
va	O	The duel was practice and it was punishment .
va	I	He slid down the wall and the ridges in the tin flattened from the impact .
va	O	It took some time for the introduction of Forster to occur , and it inflamed the situation considerably .
va	O	He looked drained and he felt drained .
va	I	He needs to hear how you feel , but he might get angry .
va	I	I don 't think it 's going to be much longer , but he hasn 't been crowned emperor yet .
va	I	Where in the hell was she , but obviously she was up ?
va	I	He stepped away and his lips burned .
va	I	It was little more than twilight , because of the glow from the horizon and soon night was only a few hours long .
va	I	There is nothing , but looking around , I force myself to listen carefully straining to hear a sound over my pounding heart .
va	O	Michaelmas daisies bloomed on either side of the path , and the ornamental trees were just beginning to turn color .
va	I	Besides that , we have no real reason to , and we just don 't leave .
va	I	Jonathan dropped her hand , and footsteps returned .
va	I	Teresa thought she knew what to expect and the roaring sound was even louder now .
va	I	Now it had become second nature , and three months ago I would never have known how to play this little game .
va	I	I 'd bet my truck you 're fighting the same battle , and I want more .
va	O	Pepper was the curious one and Sadie would have to scold her with a single woof to call her back from wherever she wandered to .
va	I	He slashed it forward , brandishing it like a club , and as he fought to steady himself , his fingers closed on a long wooden object .
va	O	I spun , grabbing for a tiny lamp beside the bed , and without warning , the overhead light came on .
va	I	She made sure I understood each one , and there was a lesson in every story .
va	O	If they 'd noticed what had happened I 'd be in big trouble but the girls all seemed wrapped up in their own little worlds .
va	I	His coppery eyes seemed to hold their own inner flame , and the firelight made deeper hollows out of his striking features .
va	I	I blink them back , but Desperation is making tears sting my eyes .
va	O	The light comes on overhead and a lady in a black suit stands just inside another entranceway .
va	I	Steven grabbed her arm , but she reached for the door handle .
va	O	I tell him they won 't leave until late , and he can just drop me off on campus somewhere .
va	I	He 's scared to tell you and he wants you .
va	I	I was still drowsy but there was a measured rhythm to the way Column undressed that struck me as odd in a vague way .
va	I	He pressed his weight down and I tried to wriggle out from under him .
va	I	They ran without lights and the night was black .
va	I	Instead of going into the mouth we were crushed against the ocean waves , but we plummeted at a terrible pace .
va	I	He 's not scary at all , and his name is Born .
va	O	When he reached the camp there was smoke rising from the chimney of the shepherd 's hut and he could hear Gwyn singing .
va	I	That 's the breaks , but I didn 't graduate .
va	I	He looked good doing it and he had a great laugh .
va	I	She opened her mouth for a deeper kiss and I slid my tongue along her plump bottom lip .
va	I	Still I cannot see , but the darkness becomes brighter !
va	I	She wanted more than anything to answer him , and a familiar male voice boomed in Kylie 's ears .
va	I	They never hurt him and Funny though , he would always give them back to the mama .
va	O	As he sucked in the smoke , his throat burned and he began coughing violently .
va	O	He rarely played local , but this time he was in the neighborhood .
va	I	Her father always worried and Chicky 's mother was always tired .
va	O	I raised an eyebrow , and he explained .
va	I	At least Trey had found his sense of humor , but the way would never be easy with this kid .
va	O	The clients were ruthless , and they knew Vane was one of the greatest marketing geniuses in the software industry .
va	I	She felt drawn into the compelling depths , and now darkened by unmistakable need , his eyes turned a deeper shade of gold .
va	I	Cillian lifts out a rucksack , an old one I thought I 'd lost and they find what they 're looking for .
va	O	The lid was hinged and there was a hasp held in place by means of a wooden peg rather like a matchstick .
va	I	More Polish police should be here momentarily , and I telephoned for assistance some time ago .
va	I	I 'm not the first person to find it cost a marriage and creating a business isn 't easy .
va	O	He 'd witnessed three near calamities since they started and it had only been a matter of minutes .
va	O	It became brighter , like mid-day , and I realized I was flying through clouds at an increasing speed .
va	O	The sun was down and the first stars were coming out .
va	I	He hoped that he would know in a minute , but he didn 't know for sure where Pablo was .
va	I	The two of us took the bags out of the backseat , and I parked the car , turned off the headlights .
va	I	I laughed and he batted his eyelashes at me .
va	I	She responded by pinching his gently , with a giggle , and he squeezed her backside .
va	O	Simon should have been back Thursday night , but his flight into New York was delayed , making him miss his connection to San Francisco .
va	I	They had been intimate for that one night , but of course , she hadn 't really had him to start with .
va	I	Such weapons were unheard of in this world he found himself in , but he suddenly wished he had a gun of some sort .
va	I	Acting like that does not get you what you want but I don 't know who told him so .
va	I	It 's harder than I thought it would be , but I try to cobble together a sympathetic look .
va	I	He didn 't call Meg , but he picked up the phone .
va	O	There was a sound of feet , and then the door opened .
va	I	She didn 't move , only stared at the fighters , but the rain was hitting her face .
va	O	Mischievous , naughty , sadistically demented , but again , her words took me aback .
va	I	Her palms dampened and her heart raced .
va	I	I was wide awake and it was 4 a.m. .
va	O	Everyone nodded , and Quinn finished .
va	O	She 'd smile at me in the hall sometimes , and I 'd smile too , feeling a twelve-year-old 's embarrassment .
va	O	She showed them to the garage , but they could not put her parents back together , either .
va	O	It didn 't fit , and that bothered Ruby .
va	O	Gazing out the kitchen window , Kit saw Maury yapping happily about the backyard , but Pendleton was nowhere to be seen .
va	I	Man was he scary , but if he didn 't look so scary I would say he was hot .
va	O	There was always people around causing havoc , and it feels odd to not hear arguing .
va	I	He was feeling pressured to finish it and he 'd been sent out on a mission .
va	O	She shook her head in denial , but there was no breath for words .
va	I	I soon became fascinated by the people around me , and my mother 's words started echoing in my ears .
va	O	Around him there were very few animals , and the whole planet seemed to sigh with silence .
va	I	She stepped back and he stepped forward .
va	O	Someone had taken his family away from him , but he had somehow been given a second chance .
va	I	When she finally emerged from the bathroom , she was positively glamorous , but she wouldn 't let me peek while she was getting ready .
va	I	He told me to stop by , and I saw him earlier .
va	O	It 's exciting for a while , and then it burns out .
va	O	Miranda opened her mouth to say something , but nothing came out .
va	I	He 'd developed a monumental crush on Lindsey , and Luc kept the boots after becoming a vampire .
va	O	They arrived at the car and Tommy let his boss in .
va	I	He was still a head taller that her , but he wasn 't that tall , maybe a few inches shy of 6 feet .
va	O	All they had to do was close in from one direction , and the girls would move in the other .
va	O	I hear Amar 's voice , speaking to the armed guards , but I don 't know what he 's saying .
va	O	The door opened and there was Esmeralda .
va	I	They might panic , and all the fighting will happen across the river .
va	O	Joseph 's face lit up and he smiled widely at Zane .
va	O	She looks at me with pure loathing and when she passes us , she bumps Tam with her shoulder .
va	O	Jack would know , and if he didn 't , then Harry would .
va	O	I wasn 't in the best shape ever , but still , this assignment was beyond hard core .
va	O	The being had fought bravely but his world had fallen .
va	I	He appears not to have heard , but Serena risks a glance at Kai .
va	O	Perhaps because we know we 're finally on the same page , and we have all night to spend with each other .
va	I	Julie 's mind searched for the best way to play this , and he held her close as they ascended the steps .
va	I	Mia , tired out from the day , started to cry , and when they got home , Kiki was nowhere to be found .
va	I	I got an enormous satisfaction out of punching him in the mouth , and he 'd have felt my Will building anyway .
va	O	She really liked hanging out with Mark , but at the same time something didn 't feel quite right .
va	I	I have to strain to hear what she said and the word barely makes it out of her lips .
va	I	I do not want anything getting in the way of the Hilton merger and you 've attracted so much negative attention to the company .
va	O	One of them lifted its robe , and Mike threw up in his mouth .
va	I	The frantic wings were easier to judge , but the pulsing had been harder to interpret .
va	O	If anyone understood Carol it was his sister , and Steve needed to know what he 'd done that was so wrong , before he went crazy .
va	I	There was another side of evolution , too , but all that was true enough .
va	I	He wasn 't around , but I don 't know exactly what .
va	O	She heard the laughter rumble deep in his chest but he did not say a word .
va	O	His lips lingered on mine briefly before he opened my car door , and the cold bit my skin .
va	O	I 'll know what makes you close your eyes , and the sounds you make when something feels good .
va	O	Then I thought of Adam 's hands , and I wondered : Would he strangle me one night ?
va	I	There was no margin for error when lives were at stake , and his tomorrow -- their yesterday - would be a very busy day .
va	I	Both men heard the sound of footsteps approaching and the voice grew louder .
va	O	She was , however , holding a fully drawn bow , and her arrow was pointed directly at my heart .
va	O	I had work to do , and this was my time to do it , even if I was a royal mess .
va	I	Stones came into Common Room and we had the Henrietta Maria window smashed .
va	O	We were poor as church mice , but we were always rich in love .
va	I	He put his hand on my shoulder and I felt a little unsteady .
va	O	She doubted he would be willing to do it but she might as well ask .
va	O	It was slight and if she wasn 't in a heightened emotional state , she might have missed it .
va	O	She tugged at his shoulders , and he nearly snarled in response .
va	O	Then she asks me what I 'm looking to spend , and she doesn 't even blink when I tell her what I can afford .
va	O	The cell phone felt like an albatross around my neck , and I 'd only had it a week .
va	I	I 'm happy to help you with these issues , and I see you as a client .
va	O	He pushed his h * ps into my abdomen and I groaned into his mouth .
va	I	She nods , wiping her cheeks with her sleeve and I hold her gaze for a moment more .
va	I	From Andrew 's response , he must be asking about us , but I can 't hear Stephan .
va	O	Rashid looked like he wanted to argue but after fighting with himself for a moment , he nodded his head curtly .
va	O	I 'd thought that the wolf was asleep when I did it , but I probably should have known better .
va	I	That isn 't much better , but I focus on his eyes .
va	I	He imagined his father went to the counter to get the food , but that was the end of James ' memory of that event .
va	I	He shuddered so hard that the wire tore away chunks of flesh and his eyes rolled back .
va	O	She tried very hard to hide it , but she could tell by the hardening look in his eyes that he 'd grasped her emotions .
va	I	I knew he was skeptical of my explanation , but Malcolm nodded .
va	I	She wasn 't looking forward to it but she didn 't know what to expect .
va	O	She laughed , and the laughter hurt because he was being so good .
va	O	Olivia knew she had an equally strong backbone , but she liked to think she chose her battles more carefully .
va	I	His eyes got hazy , as he started moving into a state of intense arousal , and I started mixing in hard little thrusts with my movements .
va	O	She was gently welcoming him back into her arms , but Rush wasn 't easily fooled .
va	I	Everything gets easier , and you grow stronger , find joy again .
va	O	Darkness settled on his world , but she was there , next to him in so many ways .
va	I	No words came out but Hanna opened her mouth to respond .
va	I	Her brown eyes held puzzlement and Lydia 's brows drew together .
va	O	Barry Radcliff walked Jaxon down the aisle , and she didn 't see a single face to make her nervous as she walked slowly toward the altar .
va	O	She turned to lead them to the exit , but Sky remained as if stuck in quicksand .
va	I	It sported a price tag to match , and the Plate Series D was an improvement , indeed .
va	O	Their conversations were filled with their usual banter but it was somehow stilted at the same time , for he knew she wanted him to forgive himself .
va	O	We wait until the very end , until the lawyers finish their closing arguments and the jury retires to deliberate .
va	O	I almost slipped a few times , but I was able to catch myself .
va	I	He couldn 't make himself care , and Tanner knew his anger was raging out of control .
va	O	Miriam had taken too much of her crap and it was time to take control for once .
va	O	You hide it well enough , but I see right through you .
va	I	Quickly we had a small flask , and too easily I gave in .
va	I	He couldn 't make out what it was saying , but Kelly was close enough to hear the murmur of the voice on the phone .
va	O	It is an awkward , clumsy thrust but it does its job .
va	O	The doctors said that she was in remission , but I knew that it would never come back .
va	I	Then Bex stepped out , frowning at Claire , and the Jeep parked .
va	I	Her smile struck something inside of him , but in the picture , her grey eyes were laughing at something outside of the picture frame .
va	I	Huge , bed sat in the corner of the room , and A neatly made .
va	O	Something passed through his eyes , but Jasmine couldn 't identify it .
va	I	I liked that , and I was invisible to him .
va	I	His face turned into a sneer , and he caught a glimpse of Rhyme .
va	O	Joseph tried to avoid Paco , but Paco yelled at him , practically wheeling Joseph over as he met him on the street .
va	O	He paused , and the look of pain that crossed his face immediately made me regret asking .
va	I	Claire shook her head and the smile slipped slightly .
va	O	She was taking her maid of honor role very seriously and we managed to arrive upstairs without being seen by anyone .
va	I	He heard concern in his voice but Tristan couldn 't see his face .
va	O	Eventually she was successful and it looked as though she were taking a very large dog for a walk .
va	O	Thomas had less to tell us in that area , but it was still a wealth of information .
va	O	She knew everything was there , but she just couldn 't see it .
va	O	There was some communication among the underground tribes , but most were insular , permitting only occasional trade .
va	O	I shook his hand and he winked at me .
va	I	Pain brought everything into sharp focus , and my cheek throbbed .
va	O	I asked again as Norman and I started walking toward home .
va	O	Really , he should let the office know he 'd be coming in late , but the phone communicated only his own face reflected back at him .
va	I	She 'd felt the vibrations in her ears from his low , rumbling voice , and he 'd been standing , just as he was standing now .
va	O	Maybe it was the knowledge that my sentence was served and I was a free woman again .
va	I	These guys are under pressure , but they are still working much too hard to appear nonchalant .
va	O	We can do this easy or we can do it hard .
va	I	She rolled away from Bane , using her strength to push herself up off the ground and Instinct took hold .
va	O	She cared heavily for the girl , and he was unsure why .
va	I	The temperature within the shelter began to rise , and his lungs felt like lead .
va	I	I knew it now and she 'd known it .
va	I	He went to investigate , and he left the Rift pulsing at his back -- the sky broiling in front of him .
va	I	It was still empty , but I looked over to Jenna 's bed .
va	O	You 've heard experts testify that they 've treated multiple personality disorder , and you 've heard other experts testify that there is no such thing .
va	O	Mick stood from the sofa , but he didn 't say anything .
va	O	Stewart likes to use big words , but I know what he means .
va	I	I could feel the irritation growing within me and he sighed .
va	I	They picked now to give me a hard time and I 'd stayed out of their way for years ?
va	I	I wasn 't that good , but I was good .
va	O	He didn 't like it , but what she said was true .
va	O	My jaw fell open and he grinned , offering me a hand up .
va	I	I didn 't want to get into it with him , but I knew he was alluding to Cy walking me around .
va	I	Girls never swooned over him the way they did over some boys , but he 'd been told his face had a pleasing symmetry to it .
va	I	He 's not , and I 'm here .
va	I	Connor moves up to the front to help get the metal plate off and we all pull our goggles on .
va	O	Doctors would ask questions and that wouldn 't be good .
va	I	I brought him back to the others and we trotted about the field .
va	I	I could still see his face when he went by , confirming what I 'd already guessed but I pressed even farther back in the shadows .
va	I	This somehow made it a little easier , and it was tidy as well , though .
va	I	Gabe cut her off , but Sally started to speak again .
va	O	We aren 't rich like Jason 's parents , but we do all right .
va	I	I think they ´ re abandoned but there are cars down there .
va	I	What I had considered wondrous was now banal , but a few rays peeked out .
va	I	Everybody was so polite , but they saw guards everywhere .
va	I	He would hate to have anything happen to them , and they were his closest friends .
va	I	I wasn 't sure that was what I wanted , but I had his razor in my back pocket still .
va	O	Shea 's arms circled him lightly , and she touched her mouth to his flat , hard stomach .
va	O	My phone rings , but I ignore it .
va	O	Normally , Dean was a brunette man , but this girl was pretty .
va	I	The only clients he 's handled have been legitimate , and he 's spent a thousand hours on sweat files .
va	O	I do what he says and he jumps up to a stand .
va	I	His heart was being ripped in two and Christian felt as if his hands were tied .
va	I	Humans weren 't supposed to kill other humans , and maybe it was because Josh was a human .
va	O	Logan scooped up the cell phone and Melody watched as his face fell .
va	I	She 'd flinched with embarrassment when a woman at the bookstore saw her reading it , and Danica had picked up James 's book at the bookstore .
va	O	She stood at her window for a long time , but even the bright sunlight seemed too much for her .
va	I	The boys followed , heading up the crest to higher land toward Major Oak and I set off running .
va	I	Nate turned aside , looking at the back gate , and the neighbor 's dog barked again .
va	O	Most of the pickers think he has a drinking problem , but the fact of the matter is Hill 's just a highly skilled sleeper .
va	O	I hadn 't quite caught my breath yet , but I shook my head .
va	I	A steady wave of panic preceded him as the villagers crushed together in anticipation of his arrival before them , but the rider moved casually .
va	O	Case by parents who were superficially Catholic and he had become a lapsed superficial Catholic .
va	I	I kept my mouth closed , but I wished I could tell this man why such a suggestion was so nonsensical .
va	I	She was beginning to dread the hours she still intended to spend watching , and the evening 's fight had taken a lot out of her .
va	O	Ice crystallized in his veins , but he didn 't move .
va	O	I dressed decently so the warden wouldn 't toss me out on my ear , but it was too tempting for those lads .
va	O	Her face flushed a dusty rose and she laughed a little self-consciously .
va	I	He bounced away from her , counting steps instinctively as he swung his racquet out of her reach and his mark was there when he landed .
va	I	There is none in you and there was no honor in your father .
va	I	I made his fingers burn , but I don 't know how .
va	I	She refuses to answer but I knock .
va	O	They lingered a touch longer on Emelia and she felt her skin crawl at his scrutiny .
va	O	He hoped the smoke would choke him to death so that he could avoid this agony , but he would get no such respite .
va	I	She took the pleasure that he gave her and her breath panted out .
va	O	The hand began to tighten and Nancy could not even choke .
va	I	He 'd also known he 'd never take advantage of a woman with a kid , but he 'd felt a definite sexual undercurrent during that exchange .
va	I	How it affects the universes we rule and I mean his lack of creative vision .
va	I	This small movement betrayed a violent tremor in his arm , but he lifted a hand to push back his frizzy hair .
va	O	It came bouncing back and the virtual opponent jumped to life .
va	O	We pulled into a decent-sized travel area and I immediately reached for the door handle .
va	I	Abbot bent his head to mine , but Zayne moved forward at the same time Roth did .
va	O	I wasn 't to leave my room from dusk to dawn , but in between those times , I wasn 't to enter it .
va	I	She was looking at me and her eyes were open .
va	I	No one was outside and blinds were drawn in most of them .
va	O	I didn 't think that would be the case , but I couldn 't be sure .
va	I	He felt as if he were facing his fears , but his heart was pounding .
va	O	She left the path when it turned away from the forest and her bare feet began to protest the coarse , uneven ground .
va	O	Thibault 's Spanish style complimented the use of cuts , and Erik was not forced to leave himself vulnerable again .
va	I	My legs did , but my mind didn 't know where I was going .
va	O	A few different heads nodded and Gareth allowed himself to relax , if just a little .
va	I	He couldn 't understand it and he somehow felt empty .
va	I	He didn 't notice it , but when he closed the door , something moved in the room .
va	O	He 'd been attracted to Emma from the start and he 'd been certain she felt the same way .
va	I	My neck aches and my back complains .
va	O	Claire wouldn 't know Dean 's brother from any of his fellow muscle-bound biker dudes , but that didn 't mean Dean didn 't mourn him .
va	O	Trumpets sounded and a moment later Stella entered the great hall through the massive entrance doorway .
va	I	She didn 't want to put the work in , but she could have convinced him otherwise by annoying him until he caved .
va	I	My knees shook and my head spun .
va	I	She was secretly delighted with the results , but she didn 't want to think about how much the trip to stylist had cost .
va	O	I 've communicated with the computers at the space consortium and at the present time we don 't have many options .
va	I	Her hesitation only lasts a second , but Serena freezes .
va	I	He wants to give Kyoto the opportunity to take some credit for his work , but Messick is sure he knows the answer .
va	I	He lost himself in his anger , and a waft of alcohol trailed Kennedy .
va	O	He had always managed to avoid it in the past , but today it was the lesser of two evils .
va	O	They insisted you take the guest room across the hall from mine , and it felt like you slept for a week .
va	I	In many ways , she was still an overly emotional child and she 'd just witnessed her longtime friend lying dead on a subway platform .
va	O	A mob had rushed the warehouse and the security was battling them off .
va	O	No , Mr Mason I have every right and it is you who have no rights .
va	O	I wasn 't one for premonition , but a chill ran down my spine .
va	I	One question snaked its way into his head , but his mind was blissfully quiet during that time .
va	O	I honestly thought that Emilia was going to be his downfall , but he survived even that .
va	O	Bowing slightly , her wings started fluttering and off she went .
va	I	Others were just grooving alone and some people were dancing together .
va	O	This was just too weird and he was being too sweet .
va	I	They had all turned their backs on him , and he had protected them , kept them safe .
va	O	He was dead and Evie screamed .
va	I	As he leaned over , he could see the sheer drop to the black water far below , and the wall had crumbled .
va	O	I didn 't know where I was going and it didn 't even matter .
va	O	Greece was not Theo 's home and she wasn 't about to let that be changed .
va	O	I didn 't want to run around , and you 're not allowed to run around .
va	O	It seemed to be just her , and the two homeless people had their esophagus completely detached from their bodies .
va	O	I offer to walk Kellan out , and it 's just the two of us when we get to his car .
va	I	I motion to Lennox to follow us , and the four of us stand .
va	I	She 's on board and Leah 's the only one I care about .
va	O	She understood his fear , his anguish , his terror , but he didn 't understand that this must be done now .
va	O	The open balcony doors let the chilled morning air inside the room , and she shivered .
va	O	I stopped in front of the closed door and I knocked .
va	O	The thumping bass from the speakers abruptly cut off , and the chaos of the crowd dulled to a murmur .
va	O	Julian smiled and his face lost the pure seriousness .
va	O	Alice wanted to follow them , but her feet refused to move .
va	I	Her eyes widened and she glanced down .
va	I	It messed her up really bad and she was in a really bad car accident when she was a teenager .
va	I	When my plan started making sense , he jumped on board , but I was nervous to tell him , at first .
va	O	A feeling of snow pervaded the air , and it wasn 't hard to imagine the town as a winter resort .
va	O	They heard a high pitched giggle and it immediately cut through their conversation .
va	I	Someone spoke before she had the chance but she was about to address the pack .
va	O	He had known a moment like this was coming , but he had hoped that his first request would be a little more reasonable to the ear .
va	O	'Cause you 're an athlete in peak training condition and I 'm an out-of-shape fuckup .
va	O	His shoulders dropped down to their proper position , and he looked far calmer .
va	O	Across the pool a mother started calling for her child , and Matt turned toward her .
va	I	I couldn 't give her a damn thing in return , and Melanie had loved me from day one .
va	I	One person who did recite the pledge with energy was Lori , but I didn 't know most of the students .
va	I	I urge her on , telling her everything will be all right but she is scared .
va	I	She would go over to his house every day to check on him and Grandma had just died .
va	O	He shrugged instead of answering , and I winced .
va	I	I 've never had the heart to think of her as anything less , but she hasn 't been that in so long .
va	I	I take a small sip and he hands me a Perrier .
va	O	William holds out his elbow and I take it .
va	I	Those thoughts had produced actions and his words made her think .
va	I	It 's not about Ivy , but she does have another question .
va	O	The door led to another huge room , but this one was full of shelves , floor to distant , cloud - hung ceiling .
va	O	Nathan wasn 't sure what that meant exactly , but he decided to let it go for now .
va	I	They 'd be too short and it wouldn 't be long before he 'd outgrow them .
va	I	Sometimes I 'd question why , but I 'd always nod .
va	I	It couldn 't all be wrong and all of my intel told me so .
va	O	She was a nightmare , but she 's not so bad now .
va	I	All she could see was the door in front of her , but in the back of her mind , she could hear voices .
va	I	She silently berated herself , and Lydia 's voice showed her impatience .
va	O	Both of their last homes were in Miami and they finished high school together .
va	O	He gave as much as he took , and he loved her .
va	I	It was apparent that the problem , whatever it might be , was serious , but pushing down on the accelerator , she leaped ahead .
va	I	I don 't think it has anything to do with our task , and she 's tense .
va	I	They came , and a clock began to strike somewhere close at hand : the chimes of midnight .
va	O	Oliver started to pull him up and I helped .
va	I	Prentice debated whether to wait for back-up , and there was no answer at the house .
va	I	We seemed to hit it off really well , but I had gotten to know my friend Gabrielle 's sister-in-law , Beth , fairly recently .
va	I	It was just going to be the four of them to eat it and Susie was cooking a huge turkey dinner .
va	I	It was easy , and I knew what my amulet meant .
va	O	What he had just told them made no sense , but there was no way that they could know that .
va	O	She feared one nudge might send it crashing , but she was probably only being paranoid .
va	I	He doesn 't think it 'll happen again but his best theory is that the fuel injector was jammed .
va	I	She swung around , and Royce warned ominously .
va	I	The roof was metal and the walls of my shed were made of stones .
va	O	They both laughed from time to time , but Laura seemed to be typing madly more than anything else .
va	O	I felt nothing for them , other than a driving urge to see them dead , and Bethany safe .
va	O	Miles from home , and it was taking everything in her not to head straight back .
va	O	The shepherd kept barking , and the cocker spaniel gnawed on the ball , pretending the shepherd wasn 't barking .
va	I	He became Brazilian all the same , once the law had recognized him as such , but there was nothing genetically Brazilian about the Japanese .
va	I	He quickly dismissed the call when Geneva 's voice once again came across the intercom , but he briefly wondered what Emerald wanted .
va	I	I heard Avery 's chuckle and Stephanie out-and-out laughed .
va	O	I 've been dying to make love to you since the first time I met you , and whenever you let me , I will cherish it .
va	O	His face was withdrawn and his eyes were wet .
va	O	The latch on the window was broken , and Lex shoved it up .
va	O	The bluebells that usually grew amongst the trees were long gone now and their absence brought an unexpected shiver of coldness to her upper arms .
va	O	A new vision began and this time I was seeing things through my own eyes .
va	O	Discussing procreation probably wasn 't considered polite dinner conversation , especially on a first date , but everyone knew the Undead couldn 't create life .
va	O	Skye gasped , but Balthazar forced himself not to turn back to her .
va	O	My purse is in my apartment , and there 's not much more than fifty cents in my wallet , in any case .
va	O	I wasn 't exactly clear whether my body had been left behind for my trip , but I assumed it had .
va	O	It was the sign the scene was over and she turned to me , dropping her head against my chest .
va	O	I don 't know how , but I need to find justice for them .
va	O	That surprised everyone , and it left Lea with a confused face .
va	I	Lindy had a key , but the shop had recently closed .
va	I	When I focused on it , it made me wince , but it was easier to ignore the pain as it became the norm .
va	I	Colin hoped they 'd use it that way , and the bed had been designed as a playground .
va	O	Barely aware he was moving , Victor leaned down and with a jerk he had ripped open the sleeve of her loose linen smock .
va	O	I needed to stay on board for only a few more days and there was no reason to make enemies out of these humble men .
va	O	It was probably the perfect time , but she simply couldn 't form the words .
va	O	It had been Nan 's story to tell and no one else 's in Rush 's eyes .
va	I	He found himself glad for the company , but Cole had wanted some alone time .
va	I	Her blood took fire , and at the first touch of his mouth her heart slammed in alarm against her breast .
va	I	I 'm alone save for a scarecrow sitting on a rocking chair and I scan the porch .
va	O	I stepped aside for her to come in , and she slipped past me , hugging her arms .
va	I	They protected him when no one else would , and they didn 't leave him .
va	O	Sage 's spirits were high , and he was looking forward to seeing Juanita .
va	O	There were only about thirty kids , and they were so small .
va	O	I considered calling Samantha Moon , but I knew she would be with her kids , probably making them a dinner she couldn 't eat .
va	I	She reaches up to wipe the tears away from her cheeks and when she sees me , her eyes enlarge .
va	O	I suppose that 's a little hard to believe , but it 's what happened .
va	O	He had a baseball cap on his head and one ear bud slid toward his left ear .
va	I	She needed to touch him , but he might not be touching her .
va	O	Then she looked up , and her eyes met his .
va	I	I only see Cricket 's embarrassment , but the thought should make me happy .
va	I	She prodded , and he paused .
va	I	You saved me but once I met you I knew I had to save you .
va	I	He preferred Paddy when he was three pints down , but the warrant officer was called Patrick .
va	O	I was riding shotgun , and my mom caught a hold of my hand before I got out of the car .
va	O	Liana growled , and for a moment , I thought she was going to rip into someone .
va	O	She 'd tripped over something and now because he caught her , she was in his arms .
va	O	I try to convince him that Captain Hulls is a decent guy , and after tonight , I think I am trying to convince myself too .
va	I	It didn 't matter right then , but it proved that I was right before , that I wasn 't actually crazy .
va	O	The accusation stops Pierre cold , and the rush of conflicting emotions that flutter across his face would be humorous if his situation were not so dire .
va	O	I didn 't know when Jill would return with her beer , but I didn 't want to be interrupted .
va	O	The first bunch was within a few feet from me and it was seconds before they were going to attack me .
va	I	It is still a feeling , but it is a noble feeling .
va	O	Sometimes it was hard to imagine Adrian really caring about anything , but a softer side of him surfaced when he talked about Jill .
va	O	Right before he did the glass vial caught the light , and it was orange , just like whatever Nita is holding .
va	I	She stared into his eyes , and he followed her command .
va	O	All Riddick 's flight members had blatant tells , yet none of them seemed to be aware of this .
va	I	Paul guessed what was coming , and Lucy took a deep breath .
va	O	I could run or I could stay .
va	O	The waiting room was full , but I didn 't see Ula .
va	O	Another patient nearby started to cough violently , and Sister Flora excused herself .
va	O	Victoria would have declined , but Verbena was already starting toward the door .
va	I	Then I picked up on the fear in his voice , but as he spoke , my first reaction had been to punch the pompous bastard .
va	O	Her voice rose and she looked surprised .
va	I	A divide stood between them that hadn 't been there before , but she wished she could ask him for that physical comfort now .
va	I	I sat back on my heels and all the energy went out of me .
va	O	Their eyes locked for the briefest of moments , and he had to take a quick breath .
va	I	My colleagues have convinced me that it was definitely well before midnight , but this is still an estimate .
va	I	She could think more clearly and she 'd regained her composure .
va	I	It escalates with every second that drips by , and I 'm getting tired , hungry , aggravated .
va	O	She jumps , like something startled her , and she turns back toward the house .
va	I	I stared at him in fear and my breath caught in my throat .
va	I	Henry disappeared and Tam let go of Cain 's hands .
va	I	Beth did it well , and though Charlotte felt badly about Beth 's current problems , she also recognized when she was being played .
va	O	The door clicked open and he stepped inside .
va	O	Eileen pushed open the front door , and I stepped in .
va	O	It was my good luck that I 'd met Saira in the pub that night and she 'd warned me of our captain 's plans .
va	I	This sounded crazy , but she trusted Mark .
va	O	She 's very , very tired , and she needs to go to sleep .
va	O	I look at her , waiting for her to defend her repulsive behavior but she is staring at the table in front of her .
va	O	Liam 's eyebrows rose higher on his forehead and when I said nothing he continued .
va	O	His head dipped and he brushed a tentative kiss across her lips .
va	O	I removed the key and it rose painfully slowly .
va	O	Alex kept scanning for Jackie , but again she didn 't show .
va	I	Claire actually saw his gaze go blind with pleasure , and she was staring into his eyes when he came .
va	O	Grabbing the levered handle , Alec pulled , but the portal didn 't budge .
va	I	The harder I tried , the more the two braided together , and I couldn 't separate my past from my present .
va	O	It was my first impulse , but that sobered me up , the fact that it was an impulse .
va	I	There was a small scroll and he looked inside the jar .
va	O	After a few minutes , he heard men marching on the road below , but he couldn 't see anything through the bush he hid behind .
va	I	He 's the saint and like I 'm the bitch .
va	O	To be honest , I don 't know how I achieve that , but it appears to be a pleasant side effect of being me .
va	O	The numbness had worn off by then , and Claude 's question drew my attention to the wound .
va	O	It had been a half hour since she had left the keep , but it felt like far longer .
va	O	I look in front of us and I ´ m struck .
va	I	In its place is a faint mocking expression , and his temper has dissipated .
va	O	If I wanted to , I could give this guy an ass whooping , but I wouldn 't do it because obviously Mia saw something in him .
va	I	I didn 't have to tell anyone what went on , and that 's why I was in the city after all .
va	I	Looking at her intently as if he wanted something from her , but he put his second paw onto the terrace , still hesitant .
va	O	There was a knock at the door and Amelia looked at me .
va	O	Valerie was scared and it was the wrong time for her to experience such paranoia .
va	O	The thought of kissing him slipped into my mind again , and I nearly did before remembering who he was .
va	O	Painting , while not as exciting , was at least familiar , and it kept the girls out of the sun .
va	I	You grow old , and lose a lot .
va	I	Carlo 's expression showed that he was not impressed but Kate couldn 't hear the replies .
va	O	He looks dejected and his voice trembles when he speaks .
va	I	Her soul was bound for eternal Hell and I 'd be back for her eventually .
va	I	It shattered on the table and the celebration was marred by a minor mishap when I dropped a crystal goblet of wine .
va	O	Our family tree might trace back to a medieval king but that doesn 't mean we share any of his genes .
va	I	Sheila was calling it , and that was my name .
va	O	He tossed me onto his soft , white leather sofa , and I saw that he was grinning .
va	I	Without a word , he handed me a first-aid kit , and I walked up .
va	I	The ripples splashed against my skin and it felt as if someone had tossed a rock into calm water .
va	O	I was drawn to him like a kid in a candy store and he was the most delicious treat available .
va	O	He 'd just watched a man stab Maddox , and he dared to flirt with her .
va	I	He went mad with grief and his vow meant my departure .
va	I	It burst open of its own accord but he moved to slam the door shut .
va	O	I readjusted my pipes again and Nuala stood at my shoulder .
va	O	They were tight and she was his prisoner .
va	I	There was no sound as he exhaled this time , but I filled his lungs again .
va	O	I did my best to distract her , but I don 't think she was really in the mood to be distracted .
va	I	He strode with cheerful purpose , and the medium-sized pack did not seem to slow him down .
va	I	I didn 't think it was too bad , but it was the usual mess that a single person makes .
va	I	My mouth dropped open , and I stopped dead in my tracks .
va	O	No matter where Nikolaus tried , he could not break the earth , and in that moment the full horror of my situation came to me .
va	I	Two of her affluent friends had recently stopped by , and she 'd spread the word about the store .
va	O	His legs worked , but running long distances still presented a bit of a challenge .
va	O	He still couldn 't see the police car , but he knew it would have to stop .
va	I	I don 't have anything to soothe them , but I can feel my lips cracking .
va	O	That wasn 't really the point at all , but they were trying so hard to save her .
va	I	The story will end that way and what the king will choose the princess ' fate would depend on .
va	I	Peter was shocked and this was unexpected .
va	I	He didn 't press it , but by his expression she could tell he was taken aback by the news .
va	I	The door opens and after a good minute the elevator settles .
va	I	Haste was their present need but it would be a demanding journey if all went well .
va	O	Nothing looks different , but I somehow know .
va	O	Beverly immediately stops laughing and her expression becomes serious .
va	I	Her thoughts began to come together and Vela leaned back just a little .
va	I	He felt ridiculous , and she was nervous .
va	O	Maria 's face was twisted in what looked like suppressed anger , and Andy looked like he was on the verge of tears .
va	I	A squire handed him a fresh one , and the Fiddler tossed his splintered lance away .
va	I	The only sound that came out was a wimpy echo of the hiss escaping Carl 's blue lips , but my mouth opened .
va	I	Several men called Hounds and each pack consists of their leader called the Whip .
va	I	There 's no place to go , but more able people , like Vera , are free to roam .
va	I	She didn 't ask any other questions as she walked away from Ethan , and it was all too horrible to keep contemplating .
va	O	It wasn 't exactly the speech I 'd planned , but it was close enough .
va	I	A fist closed around Autumn 's heart and Summer felt as frail as she looked .
va	O	The sun would rise in a few hours and he 'd fry .
va	I	Almost instantly he was asleep and his eyelids fluttered shut .
va	I	He knew it and there was no other description for it .
va	O	Stuff like this didn 't happen in real life , or at least it wasn 't supposed to .
va	O	He repeated the action , and this time , it wasn 't so much pain as discomfort .
va	I	She was controlling its economy with clockwork precision and the castle was the center of her universe .
va	O	The drill started again and Jeff pulled out his cell phone .
va	O	He poured me a cup of coffee and I took it gratefully .
va	I	On her arm was Jason , and they were of Star .
va	I	They went inside and Alexandra agreed instantly .
va	I	It doesn 't look like it was particularly pleasant , but I don 't know what went on in here .
va	I	The remaining wolves ran , and another deep howl echoed around them , disturbingly close .
va	O	He reached over and we shook hands .
va	O	Vic 's eye snapped open , and he regarded Rory with a cold , suspicious glare .
va	O	Initially I 'm shocked into wide-eyed attention , but after a while , I find I 'm tuning out the fear .
va	I	She didn 't understand why she had been told to come this way , and there was no sign of Filipe .
va	I	He poured each of us a glass and we both accepted .
va	I	I realized that we 'd all been transfixed by the scene , and everyone seemed to take a collective breath at the same time .
va	I	All the lights flashed on and * * * Kate wasn 't smiling when she finally pulled into Jo 's driveway .
va	O	That didn 't quite make logical sense yet , but it was his instinctive take on the situation .
va	O	She looked to Mill for assurance , but he was as terrified as she by the sounds of holy war being waged out in their barn .
va	O	Her furniture had big fat cabbage roses , and the arms were threadbare .
va	O	It was nearly midnight when she finished making it , and in the process , neither one of them had watched a movie .
va	O	I closed the door behind me and she spun around startled .
va	O	Her right arm moved and a distinct area lit up .
va	O	I didn 't hear what Jude said , but I could guess from LJ 's reply .
va	O	Physically she was Kirsty 's double and she could not forget that her sister had shared Hal 's bed for six years .
va	I	I could tell she felt embarrassed and she giggled .
va	I	Through the tempered glass walls , she could see the computer chips , and a double-walled safe room had been built in the center of the space .
va	I	I just started looking around at everything in general and Frannie wandered off in one section , going towards baby toys .
va	I	I can also hear a stream , but I can still hear the ocean .
va	O	Monk heard the moist crack of bone , and the man 's scream cut off .
va	O	Focused now , she saw that they were not natural stone , but something man-made .
va	I	What I do see is just as surprising , but I don 't see it .
va	O	Her lips opened and she realized how dry her mouth was .
va	O	He was in operation to make money , and since he gained clients by word of month , he couldn 't afford screwups .
va	O	The others line up to climb into the trailer , and I don 't move .
va	I	Major Harris signed it , and that afternoon , Ferguson authorized his furlough request without comment .
va	I	Ice moaned and the fiery sensation in his hands escalated .
va	O	The lights come back on and the holographic projector disappears .
va	I	He gave me the doc 's private number and I phoned Captain Sullivan .
va	O	I will be lost forever because the gates will be locked and my soul will be eaten by ghosts .
va	O	The washing machine stops and he jumps off to open the lid .
va	I	He watched as she applied it in short strokes , framing her eyes , and Mike leaned against the counter as Julie reached for her eye shadow .
va	O	A load roar of approval erupts on the fringe of my eardrums , but I barely hear it over the rush of blood in my ears .
va	O	Sounded like a good idea , but I doubted it would work .
va	I	There was a flush of color in his cheeks that hadn 't been there a moment ago , and his pupils were huge .
va	O	He 'd finally won his heart 's desire , and Beth had broken it .
va	O	When she was finished , her throat was raw and she felt like she 'd just swum the English Channel .
va	O	She 's already requested a leave from the district attorney 's office and she 's talking about relocating in Southern California after this is over .
va	I	I was transparent and Tingling went through my body .
va	O	The pounding coming from inside of her still beat in her ears , but when she opened her mouth , she snarled .
va	I	We were a work in progress , but I wished our relationship were easier .
va	I	At the same time I felt someone shift in behind me and I asked him .
va	O	The United States naturally took the lead , and their leadership was never for a moment questioned abroad .
va	I	She was waiting for me to wear myself out and like I was just a child having a tantrum .
va	I	Jasmine was more than just afraid after her terrifying experience , but MaryAnn could read that much in both of them .
va	I	Then the misery came rushing back , and they helped for about five seconds until I saw that humongous gash again .
va	O	This was a lowering thought , and they all felt its weight .
va	I	She had none for Miriam , but Miriam had all the time for her .
va	I	I didn 't pick it up , but the phone rang during the morning .
va	O	He was several pounds heavier , but that could be attributed to a sedentary lifestyle from being off work .
va	I	His face appears behind the glass , and the shouts stop .
va	O	You don 't have to watch my crotch , but I want you here , Parker .
va	I	I 'm going be a police officer too -- just like him , and I also plan on studying Law Enforcement when I go to college .
va	I	The prospect of a nightmare slips from my mind as the thought of Brax staying over invades my head instead and I feel my breathing speed up .
va	I	She didn 't back down , but Chloe felt the hot rush of blood to her face at being called out at the lie .
va	I	His thumbs wipe my tears away , and he lets go of my hands .
va	I	The sinful smile of the young Hart Mackenzie spread across his face , and his gentle look fled .
va	I	I want to be a part of it , and you 're going to do great things .
va	O	The notion made his heart swell , and he reached out his hand to gently stroke her cheek .
va	I	I 'll say it again and I 've said it before .
va	O	There were others and I 'd found one .
va	I	I don 't like it one bit and he 's in complete control right now .
va	I	I slammed the door , locking it and we pushed them back into the house .
va	O	Archer squeezes my hand again and my eyes pop open to find him watching me , an encouraging expression on his handsome , albeit tired face .
va	I	The kayak accelerated and Dugan caught on .
va	O	Many nights she would come home stoned , not knowing where she was , or she wouldn 't even come home at all .
va	O	You look hot and you know it .
va	I	She offered him her lips and her head rolled back onto his shoulder .
va	O	Something did not fit , and in an instant , Jake knew what was wrong .
va	O	I had found him the night before , and he died .
va	O	When I was fourteen , my father took me hunting with him , in Colorado , and I killed an elk .
va	O	Hannah followed hard on her heels , and Jessie brought up the rear .
va	I	My injuries were the least of my concerns , but we continued slowly down the hallway , each step more painful than the last .
va	I	Both of them stared at me like I was a lunatic , and Ava was at his side , helping him to his feet .
va	I	Then a grin tugged at the hard edges of his mouth , but Mikhail stirred as if he might protest .
va	O	Antonia wanted to protest , but she was too embarrassed .
va	O	The lights dimmed as the movie started , and there was rustling as everyone got situated in their seats .
va	I	She couldn 't fathom moving , and her legs felt like rubber .
va	I	As soon as it had , the wound had healed almost instantly , and the last of the blue discoloration had vanished a few hours ago .
va	I	For a long moment he doesn 't speak , but he leans in , his breath stirring my hair .
va	O	They had visible daggers in their belts , and one wore a sword .
va	O	Calder seems reluctant at first , but as soon as the protest leaves his lips , his mouth widens in a yawn .
va	I	He paid it , and he knew what the penalty would be if he touched you again .
va	I	The cold nose exploring her bloody fingers , and she felt the brush of fur against her bare calf .
va	O	Ken had been a good friend , and when he 'd asked Katie out , Jason had been visiting his mother in Maine that weekend .
va	O	He was the foreman , but he still had only one vote .
va	I	I just snapped , and then you went over to Rodney 's again .
va	I	I gathered it would not dismay her if I chose not to take it and Mrs. Reedy offered no comment about the room .
va	O	Seth 's mouth curled at the corners but I didn 't stick around long enough to see him smile .
va	O	The soldier stopped abruptly , staring down at his foot , and the very line of his body screamed horror .
va	O	Dave nodded his assent , and the other man continued .
va	O	I try to swallow it down , but it takes a few minutes before I can bring myself to speak without fear of shouting .
va	I	I really appreciate you listening to me , but now I feel I 'm imposing .
va	I	She knew Amelia wouldn 't have been so strong , and she 'd refused to give in to Louisa .
va	O	She prayed the surgery could be delayed , but that was looking less promising every hour .
va	I	It was pretty just the same , but there also was no waterfall here .
va	I	It has an old , burlesque feel to it , and it 's called You Can Leave Your Hat On .
va	O	Her voice sounded the same , but she 's talented at subtlety .
va	O	He tossed a sheet over the back of the couch , and Kendra wrapped herself in it .
va	O	His compliance confuses me , but I go with it .
va	O	They were dark with his own blood , and a couple of his claws had broken .
va	O	Zayne wiggled his fingers and I turned around , forcing myself to take another deep breath .
va	O	The bedroom door opened , and Victoria was in his arms seconds later .
va	O	The room was even cleaner than I had realized at first , and there was fresh water in a pitcher on the dry sink .
va	O	As they raced along , the sun dipped below the western horizon , and shadows became muted in the softer light .
va	O	We were so careful , or we tried to be .
va	O	Steve 's gaze was on me , and I could see that he was searching for answers in my eyes .
va	O	He stepped up beside her , and all that delicious heat returned .
va	I	The top was rolled over with barbed wire but he would have climbed .
va	O	The ghoul shrieked in pain as dark blood pumped from the gash , but it didn 't penetrate through his body .
va	O	They detonated instantly , and dense grey smoke billowed out , encompassing the guards in a moment .
va	I	Her hands were shaking and her face had gone pale .
va	I	She knew she should go before that storm hit , and it looked as though they would get another storm .
va	O	Of course , we 'd been chased by the Faith even then , but nothing could 've prepared us for what lay ahead .
va	O	He cried and he cried .
va	O	I closed my eyes , and his lips pressed softly , ever so gently , against my mouth .
va	O	Partial results of the autopsy were finally in , but they raised more questions than they answered .
va	I	I lost my mind and I saw Alessia near Eleonora .
va	I	She belonged to Sean , and there was no finer woman than Andrea Gray .
va	I	He looked different , but his face was the only thing that wasn 't covered with anything .
va	I	He was still woozy when he came to , and the wound had required a blood transfusion .
va	I	It was one of the prettiest things I 'd ever seen , but I didn 't really know the fashion terms to describe it accurately .
va	I	Her chin automatically rose in a futile gesture to forestall them , and the tears began .
va	I	A few parts were lost but she placed the pieces together .
va	I	She suggests we don 't pursue that route anyway but she could find out .
va	I	I knew I could not keep this up for long , but my feet carried me deeper into the forest .
va	O	Bradley read the chapter many times , but it still was not clear .
va	I	I wasn 't sure why , but he was making me self-conscious .
va	I	Their economy seemed to be healthy , and the people seemed friendly .
va	O	A laugh bubbled from her , but still the elephants remained in place .
va	O	She thought maybe she should have been warned of what she walked into , but she couldn 't blame Taylor .
va	I	A pile of papers cascaded onto my feet , and I flipped open the glovebox to toss my sunglasses in .
va	O	There were no trips planed and it was more like holidays without parental control .
va	O	Her arms tightened around her middle and she lifted her chin as if trying to win a battle he hadn 't even engaged in yet .
va	I	Her knees buckled , and Emma felt dizzy .
va	I	When she did , she had a nightmare , and she certainly didn 't know when she had fallen asleep either .
va	I	I 'm not the bad guy , but now , I know this is a lot to take in .
va	O	The sofa is missing a cushion , and the curtains are hanging on for dear life .
va	O	Everyone turned their eyes towards Lea , and they could see Lea blushing .
va	I	She didn 't mind , but Lauren had fallen far down on her list of friends .
va	I	A terrible sadness came over him and he stared down at his pint .
va	I	It doesn 't work out too well but Rian tries to give me some space .
va	I	Thus , it was diverted for a moment from the problem , and he was aware his mind relaxed when he followed the fish .
va	I	Her knees felt a little wobbly and her heartbeat was racing .
va	I	That 's as far as it will ever go but Eli is a huge flirt .
va	I	I watched Jericho flinch from the sound and Talbott let out a bark of laughter .
va	I	There has never been a time when I 've neglected him , and I 've assumed total responsibility for Sean from the first time he drew breath .
va	O	We have to focus on it together or we get nothing .
va	I	My heart lightened , and that brought her smile back .
va	I	That 's a good thing to do , and I was killing monsters .
va	O	* * * Davis asked Gavin and me to come into the house once we were on duty .
va	I	The van coming to a stop across the street , six houses up but I could focus on nothing .
va	O	That 's why the lock was jammed tight and it 's why the door won 't open .
va	O	We finally let go of each other , but she kept staring at me with tears in her eyes .
va	O	His shoulders were slumped and his hands trembled .
va	I	They came after her , and Jared cal ed hoarsely .
va	O	It was a protective pose and she was grateful for it .
va	O	She had graduated in the top of her class , and any firm would have been happy to have her .
va	I	I could not join him , but he glowed with joy .
va	I	She hit the floor and he let go .
va	O	She knew what he was going to do before he did it , but her warning didn 't help .
va	O	Aiden turned back once to wave at me , and I giggled .
va	I	His words stopped me , but I started to unwrap a shiny pineapple .
va	O	If I 'd been smart enough to think about it , that might have been our plan all along , but I didn 't .
va	I	He walked as if he were a thousand feet tall , but he seemed to be about the same height as I .
va	O	I ignored the pain and I slid out , getting more cuts on my knees .
va	O	When he had been on the force , he had an amazing six pack , was well toned , fit , and the girls loved him .
va	I	It started to drop huge rain drops and they talked in depth about the victim .
va	O	The symbols were the same , but their use was entirely different .
va	I	Yet he kept insisting he couldn 't have me , and he watched me as if he couldn 't get his mind off me .
va	O	Fishing boats , charter boats , sailboats , and visiting yachts use the docking facilities .
va	O	His face was an ashen white beneath the mud , and his body was hunched over in pain .
va	I	According to the latest rumors in Black Oak , she was pregnant , and her name was Libby , age fifteen , the oldest of the brood .
va	I	As a therapist , she was in no position to apologize , and she 'd metaphorically slapped his wrist .
va	I	There was a hint of nervousness in it , but he chuckled again .
va	I	I didn 't want him to leave , but I was never very good at flirting .
va	O	This guy held most of the power reins in D.C. , but folks didn 't realize it .
va	I	She kept her gaze trained on the line between his pecs , but he turned her around .
va	I	She felt restless , and she hurt inside .
va	I	Was surprised to see Julie at the counter and * * * Jo entered the Pet Palace .
va	I	She blows out her lips but she is out of breath .
va	O	She drew up her knees , trying to urge him forward , but he braced a palm on the headboard , refusing to budge .
va	I	Heels began clicking his way and a chair in the office screeched .
va	O	Her lips twitched , but she stayed on track .
va	I	I gave Finn a look that would have made most men tremble in their wing tips , and my eyes narrowed .
va	O	She pulled , trying to break free , but he was unyielding by then .
va	O	Some females should not breed , and I am one of them .
va	I	The day was turning dark and a bit of fog was rolling in .
va	O	There was some space between us , but the whole front of my body tingled as if we were touching .
va	I	A shotgun boomed , and something slammed against her back as a bright orange flash erupted out of the dark .
va	O	The dog barked , but no one answered .
va	O	The system isn 't compatible with ours and that 'll probably go for the hardware as well as the soft .
va	O	I needed to cultivate a life outside of work , and Drew was an attractive distraction from obsessing over Jackson .
va	I	He was sweating terribly and his face had turned a sickly gray .
va	I	She smiled , and he said something .
va	O	Paris was waiting and nothing was going to keep her from being there in person when her dress designs debuted under the Galliano label .
va	O	Her voice was a husky croak , but Charlie hardly noticed when she spied Bessie 's veiled face .
va	I	He was sure Priam would agree , and he meant it .
va	O	I was pressing and Maggie was begging .
va	I	She took my extended hand , shaking it and Imogen 's tense shoulders relaxed an infinitesimal amount .
va	I	When he shot a quick look up at the guards , they hadn 't moved , but Duncan expected shots to rain down on him from above .
va	O	Before long a cascade of memories stormed her mind , and the full realisation of the past few hours forced her to shut her eyes .
va	I	Beorn had no mind to argue , but Autumn fast would turn to winter .
va	O	In a perfect world she 'd fall in love with her ex-husband again and they 'd all return to being the ideal family they 'd once been .
va	I	She would 've died instead of the poor rookie , and then he would have alerted Huff .
va	I	It 's only one scene , and I can 't stand watching her with him .
va	I	They might just make the trip alone , or they might join up temporarily with a group of Indians that was traveling west .
va	O	I nearly reach for him , but he lets my hand drop .
va	I	He 'd discovered he would make a lousy politician , and he 'd wanted it for all the wrong reasons .
va	I	His once thick , longish hair was starting to thin , but Rob still had his handsome , well-balanced features .
va	I	We enter the largest public square I 've ever seen , and then I turn another corner with the crowd .
va	I	That was something the school would have a hard time countering , but I hated to play the religion card .
va	I	My mom appeared in the doorway on the other end of the TV , and then the man was backing down the stairs .
va	I	He tightened his hold , keeping her against him , but she tried the sitting up thing again .
va	I	He wasn 't worried about magic , and he wasn 't sure what would happen if she hated him .
va	I	It kept getting worse , and he was burning up .
va	O	Anger boiled up inside of him at the thought , but Ryder bit it back .
va	I	A few minutes later he was breathing better , and Dare reached for the water .
va	I	I mumbled my thanks , and Noelle helped me up .
va	I	I hope you can forgive me , that you will give me another chance , but I know that .
va	O	My mind is racing at 150 kilometers per hour , and I can 't stop it .
va	O	The grip strength in that hand evaporated and McCall was able to force himself away .
va	O	They were my antelope and I was the lion .
va	O	He would often mumble in his sleep , but his words were incomprehensible .
va	O	He nodded and Ena threw .
va	O	He would have to fight them all , but he might be able to save her yet .
va	I	It was moving fast , almost sprinting , and it was a runner , one of the irradiated ones from Albuquerque .
va	I	She knew it was , but she didn 't know why it was going to be now .
va	I	She allows Sera to drag her out the door , but Livi doesn 't look completely reassured .
va	I	I think I can get my guns , but I 'm unarmed .
va	O	This is not a trivial problem for Bill and he scoured google looking for a good approach .
va	O	Paris was not a demon to brag , but he had never had a dissatisfied female .
va	I	No sound came out but she tried to scream .
va	O	Aunt Del was always heartsick when Ridley disappeared , and she had no idea her daughter was back .
va	O	There is definitely no justifying whatever you did in your past ... but the past remains past .
va	O	All her buildings were successes , and still she was not satisfied .
va	I	I briefly wonder how little ' ol Napoleon even climbed into it at all and the bed is gigantic .
va	O	As he had the first time he kissed her , he expected her to resist , but once again her response took him by surprise .
va	I	Three Snickers bars jumped out , and he pulled his hands from his pockets as he spoke .
va	O	She wanted to talk to Jason about that , needed to talk to him about it , but there 'd been so little time .
va	I	That remained to be seen , but at least none of these guys appeared that extreme .
va	O	The passenger side of the car opened and a foot stepped out , then two .
va	I	Silver stepped out , and * * * Outside of Ken 's house , a portal opened in the driveway .
va	I	The bearded guy regarded me with new interest , but nobody changed their stance .
va	O	I lived in the dry rotted remains of a two-room shack held up by inertia and I had never felt so at home anywhere .
va	O	She had to do her part to support the bereaved family , but she was also aware that she could not afford to make the situation worse .
va	I	We are to meet him at his house at one and I 've talked to Jim McGinnis .
va	I	Her sense of professionalism was ingrained , but Diana knew now that she was not .
va	I	Night would follow shortly , and the time of the day was dusk .
va	O	A breathing tube was placed , and eventually she was stabilized enough that the ICU staff could leave me alone with her .
va	O	He tasted me , closing his eyes and I felt the flutter reignite ... just as a group of voices sounded in the hall behind us .
va	I	She still spoke briskly , but the earlier snap was gone .
va	O	I can 't place him , though , and my mind scans through all my classes at school .
va	I	His eyes tightened , and he knew how Colonel Brand 's prediction had made me feel .
va	O	His eyes brightened and Grace could see he was quite taken with this bachelor auction .
va	I	He nodded energetically and I asked him if he could communicate with the aliens .
va	O	Joseph 's hand curled over my shoulder and I set my head down on it .
va	I	That 's all that mattered and I knew I meant it .
va	I	My body is cold and my head is hot .
va	I	His expression was all business , but his wearables might have been kitschy .
va	O	I tried not to stare , but the eyebrows were fascinating me .
va	I	Elizabeth paused , and he smiled with devilish amusement , visibly daring her to proceed .
va	I	I knew I should run , yet I wanted this so badly .
va	O	There wouldn 't be any contact , and at this point Marianna feared confusing her anyway .
va	I	Eventually the bombardment of our vessel was discontinued , but no one understood how the space craft managed this redirection .
va	I	Rena held on tighter , but Nick tried to pull his hand away from hers .
va	O	Tony would have asked , but David had walked away .
va	O	Chapter 7 The next morning we were back in one of Vulcan 's classes , but this time I was fascinated by it .
va	I	I have to admit that he put up a good fight , but my cheeks go hot at the arrogant look on his face .
va	O	I can see the corner of Tobias 's mouth from where I stand , and he is smiling .
va	I	It may do him some good , and it 's not going to kill him .
va	I	It troubled them in a profound way , and it was the first unsupervised look any of them had seen of what the fug had left behind .
va	I	His eyes betrayed him , but his face was smooth as usual .
va	I	It went straight to voice mail , but crossing to the room 's only phone , Preston called his cell again .
va	O	I opened my mouth but I didn 't know what to say .
va	O	His hair was grabbed and his head pulled up .
va	I	You always cracked everyone up with your funny remarks , and you were always the smartest gal in class .
va	I	She still could feel the increased heat , but she might not be touching him any longer .
va	O	The wardrobe was very heavy and George struggled to move it .
va	I	I think it nearly broke him mentally , and he didn 't know what had happened to me .
va	I	Having such a great daughter made up for it , but maybe she 'd been shortchanged in the husband arena .
va	O	The grimoire has a spell to get me back through the gates , but I need Shifter blood to work it .
va	O	He shakily pushed his fist on my blade , and unlike before , the blade had become sturdy , even if it was thin .
va	I	Emily faced Mr. Roland again , and then Chloe rushed off to her interview .
va	I	It would not be forgotten , and this point hit home with the jury .
va	I	Rather than deactivate it , they 'd waited to see if anyone used it , but no doubt he had reported it .
va	O	Alejo 's temple throbbed and he felt himself grimacing .
va	O	Gregory was well known to people in these parts , and she smiled politely when children would come up to pet him , as they always did .
va	I	His were , but okay , maybe her feelings weren 't raw after all .
va	O	His shirt was half off , and strangest of all someone was sprawled on top of him weeping .
va	I	She stared at it for a moment , and the pillow fell off the bed .
va	I	There it is , the Aries Attila and I look up .
va	I	When he was done , he started toward the house , and it took him a few more minutes to unload the rest of the dog food .
va	O	Her tenor was not quite shrill , but Clay knew he had blown it .
va	O	His head was bowed in Prayer , and I suppose he was in his sixties .
va	I	He knew it and he didn 't deserve another week .
va	I	The second one reveals a narrow passage , but I push the first aside only to see bare stone .
va	O	Tenderness softened his expression , and she thought he 'd never been more appealing .
va	I	Red simply could not penetrate Yellow 's defenses and the reserves watched in shock as the clock kept ticking .
va	I	She believed him , and he nodded solemnly .
va	I	Josie would call and Hannah had left a message .
va	O	Kelly walked into the room , and her gaze settled on Richard .
va	I	His first two puffs seemed to calm his nerves considerably , but his hands were still shaking as he lit the cigarette .
va	O	It would help him heal , and it would still his anger .
va	I	I pull a face because I really do hate melted marshmallows and he licks his fingers .
va	O	She opened the door that was closest to the top of the stairs , and Miriam walked inside .
va	O	He couldn 't get it in as securely as it had been before , but he mostly managed to wedge it back up .
va	O	She 's not awake yet , but it seems like the healing has worked .
va	O	The black one out there is Midnight , and he 's a gelding .
va	O	Her mouth closed over the head of his cock and his throat closed around his words .
va	O	She smelled like a drunkard now , but her temperature had cooled considerably .
va	O	The Black Cat eased away the tension in the muscles that quivered against Tavi , and they softened abruptly .
va	I	There they were , and she turned suddenly .
va	O	It seemed an irrational course of action , but Louisa knew her grandfather better than he .
va	O	It was just feet from the Mississippi and I could imagine the whole highway being underwater with just a little rain .
va	O	He knew that the she-wolf had stayed with me in my tower , but he didn 't know about her abilities .
va	I	Something told me Keller would be expecting me , and I still didn 't trust Marlowe .
va	I	We all laughed about me picking up the old beer cans , and we talked through the events that had transpired .
va	I	Boy was I glad it worked out okay , and Life had a funny way of working out .
va	O	Ryan winced a little , but his mom didn 't appear to notice .
va	O	I wanted to yell for Izzie , but she was long gone by now .
va	I	When she noticed what was on the front page , almost dropped it back to the floor , and she took the magazine up from the floor .
va	I	Both opted for baby steps , but there had been a few sexually tense moments .
va	O	Daniel wanted to ask him the same thing , but he was pretty sure he knew the answer .
va	I	Ethan hadn 't been aiming for her , but chance pushed Gwen back .
va	I	He seemed to have a better handle on his power , but she did not know if he was still so burdened .
va	I	Then I realize that he is reaching for me , and at first I think it is to steady himself .
va	O	Everyone else got on theirs and we headed back towards Eek .
va	O	The chair in his hand was fairly generic , but it had a certain number of distinguishing characteristics .
va	O	He is bleeding very badly and his legs are all twisted in unnatural ways .
va	O	Petra was silent and I could almost see her rethinking this plan .
va	O	Evelyn was nine and surprisingly sweet despite being the only girl in her house .
va	O	Angeline 's auburn hair became streaked with strands of silver , and tiny lines appeared on her face .
va	I	Her wings made the smallest of movements as if they were fighting to take off and she stood up .
va	I	A silent part of him knew exactly what it was , and something had ripped Herr 'D on 's armies to pieces .
va	I	They followed him and he knew the way back .
va	I	Christine came running down the hall , and a door slammed in the back .
va	I	I realized that the battlefield was quiet , and he listened for a moment .
va	O	Even this far away , she could feel the vortex and it was still tempting .
va	O	My eyes found his again , and I drew back in shock .
va	O	He gave his vision to all Englishmen , and you shall learn it all before nightfall .
va	O	Her father 's footsteps came closer , and he leaned down to her ear .
va	I	She had nothing to shoot at , but twice Izzy drew an arrow back .
va	I	One of the rat dogs stood , but I started to turn into him .
va	O	I feel like the worst person in the world for saying this , but I have to do something .
va	O	Liam would not find her waiting , and she would be stuck here .
va	I	It wasn 't there , but I really wanted to .
va	O	The official had the guards stop at the fighting entrance and Billy politely reassured them he would be fine .
va	O	He 'd had centuries of sex and it had never been like that .
va	O	I have always kept my distance from the art world but I would like to leave it with a bang .
va	O	Robin didn 't speak , and I opened my eyes just a sliver to take a peek at his face .
va	O	I still wanted to rip off Nic 's clothes , but his throat was safe .
va	O	She wants to become a vampire and I know it 's because of me .
va	O	They 'd made love , and she 'd taken off ?
va	O	She reached out her arms and they gave each other an awkward hug that ended with them each stepping back a pace .
va	O	One last meeting , he told himself with a sigh , and it 's going to be just as damned tricky .
va	O	He felt her pang of disappointment and it cut him deeply .
va	O	Merlin began to slink away , but the monster was not caught unaware .
va	O	He 'd started writing , and he couldn 't stop .
va	O	His expression shifts a little , but he keeps the smile on his face .
va	O	I looked around the room for Evan , but he was gone .
va	O	Haworth looked confused by the abrupt change of subject but his expression cleared quickly .
va	O	Aric stiffened with tension and Dani 's eyes widened with surprise .
va	O	I elbow him in the side and he laughs .
va	O	I was right about her sobbing , but her face changes from deep despair to immediate concern as she studies me through her teary eyes .
va	I	She adds a chair to make it three , and the hostess returns with our table for two .
va	I	It shifted slightly every time he moved and the splint was made of wood , tied into place .
va	O	I shake my hands as if to loosen my nerves but I 'm not nervous .
va	O	We 've been calling one another with any information we know , but so far it seems this has happened twice .
va	I	For now it looked almost as good as Philadelphia , but in a month the scene would be pretty bleak .
va	I	Aaron was his best friend , but I was Juliet 's friend .
va	I	She saw that his face was tight , as if he were in pain , and Jem pulled away .
va	I	It threatens the safety of everyone , and things are getting out of control .
va	O	Zeke had planned the attack long ago , and tonight he 'd made sure to hide any scent of his approach with the fumes from the car .
va	O	Holding her gaze , he pushed the button again and the flat screen whirred back down into its cabinet .
va	I	Every moment was like a knife in my heart , and we all sat in absolute silence watching them adore each other .
va	O	I tried to stand up , but I immediately fell over .
va	O	I had hit a culvert , and my car was destroyed .
va	O	I got that he plotted with my sister , but he was there with me , just me .
va	O	Travis Jackson had mentioned there was another hunter in town , but he 'd refused to divulge the man 's name .
va	I	Thimble leaned forward to watch , and Stone handled that task with a skill born of practice .
va	I	Chess leaned in , close to me , and I crumpled a little bit .
va	O	It had been a long time since the chili and they 'd walked a lot .
va	I	His crew would face in the coming years and he also looked forward to the adventures he .
va	I	Callie flinches and it pops .
va	I	The sound lacked humor , but he laughed .
va	I	She sat next to me , very close , leaning against me , and then she led me into the house , to a sofa .
va	O	I 'm not that good though , and I don 't think he is .
va	I	Roberto decided to do it early in the morning , when most of those men would still be asleep and it was already late .
va	I	She was sure she was going to try , but she wasn 't sure she could do it .
va	I	It was playing tricks on my brain that was swimming in tequila and I could feel the heat radiating off his body .
va	O	My brain began to function again ; maybe not well , but it began to produce thoughts .
va	I	I was close enough to hear but he spoke under his breath , seemingly to himself .
va	O	I had never been in a place where they give you a shave as well , but Louis did .
va	I	We started to dance again and as if the conversation were finished , Jack pulled me close .
va	I	He hadn 't considered the possibility of death , but Thomas had assumed that it was possible to cast yourself into a coma .
va	O	His feet stumbled for footing , but still he ran while looking inwardly at the sudden memory .
va	I	I wondered who would sit there , and the table next to us was empty .
va	I	I grinned in spite of myself and he gave me a slow clap .
va	I	Make sure you come to this very spot , but at that time the gates will be open .
va	O	She had heard it dozens of times over the last three weeks , and she knew all the words .
va	I	Rachel was surprised that so many people were here and they waited at the end of the long line .
va	O	He used your organization and we look very legitimate .
va	I	He didn 't pay any attention , but Nate gave him a warning glare .
va	I	He had to find it fast , and he had to find something .
va	O	He needed to devise some sort of plan or possibly , there wouldn 't be another later .
va	O	The line into the club had begun to move and my lack of movement had upset the women behind me .
va	O	I carefully climb in behind Mother , and Sergei follows me .
va	I	We certainly shouldn 't be here now , and we should have left Chicago months ago .
va	O	I was thankful to be home , but this feeling didn 't last long .
va	O	She looked like she needed it , and he found he couldn 't resist .
va	I	We were strange people in a normal world , but our relationship was a strange one , that was for sure .
va	I	I don 't hear him , but Luca says something as well .
va	O	He thought he 'd lost his mother in the flood but she came to find him .
va	I	They smoked the ceremonial pipe , and Chief Silver Eagle spoke to each one .
va	I	Casey assured me it wasn 't a problem , but I was nervous about her coping with the different transit schedules .
va	O	His arm was asleep and as he flexed it to get the circulation going , he felt the warm body underneath it .
va	I	I seriously doubted Stanton would interrogate him anytime soon , but maybe it was wrong to drag Trey into this lie .
va	I	The chef was indeed able to whip up a vegetable risotto that was to die for , and the waiter was extremely accommodating .
va	I	It was hard to watch , and I 'd never seen her so grim before .
va	O	I 'm asking you to believe me , and you need to believe me completely .
va	I	It 's her tenth birthday , and today I am a girl named Cara .
va	O	I should have told you but it was just so awful .
va	I	The doors yawned open reluctantly , and she pushed the button to stop the elevator .
va	O	Your number 's up , and it is missing .
va	I	The men would have to make more trips at each portage and if packs were too small , then more would be needed .
va	O	She put up a tough front , but as she neared the entrance , I saw her turn visibly pale .
va	O	You 're assertive where I 'm hesitant , and I 'm assured where you are afraid .
va	O	It was always easy to find a job for a woman , and the Courts loved to get free labor from prisoners .
va	O	They communicated , but a few months ago their relationship became somewhat more than casual .
va	O	He said he would not take any salary but he would need a press identity card .
va	I	I don 't think she ever saw me , but I looked at her for a few seconds .
va	O	He struggled to assimilate what he was being told , but his mind moved sluggishly , in circles .
va	I	She tested the door and the marker pointed inside .
va	I	He continued to stand so close to her that her body began to betray her , but he didn 't .
va	I	He might not have eaten anything , or I cooked for him as often as not .
va	I	This is what you decide to demand - and so many things I 've wanted to give you .
va	O	Finally I decided I 'd better do something to end this , and it wasn 't going to be pulling back .
va	O	The door to his office swung open and the plan that would restore Charles Roman to his former self was dictated .
va	I	She knew the man on the horse wanted her but Bronwen didn 't understand what was happening .
va	I	Inside she was doing a slow burn , but she said it very firmly .
va	I	We should have this warlock taken care of today and we 've already lost two months .
va	I	There were alcohol bottles everywhere and every piece of furniture was pushed aside .
va	I	The car landed on top of her and neither of them was wearing a seatbelt .
va	O	I should be exhausted , but I 'm not .
va	O	Her mouth moved to form the word , but no sound came out .
va	O	The shape was different somehow but he could not tell why .
va	I	He sighed and I frowned .
va	O	A stab of lust shot to his groin , and he shifted in his chair .
va	O	She glanced down at his backpack , hoping to see another glimpse of the shield , but he 'd concealed it completely .
va	I	One too many made a man nervous , but Coincidence was acceptable up to a point .
va	O	My parents have to declare when they 're coming with your government but they forgot this time .
va	O	After dinner I 'd called Weston , and we 'd chatted for an hour about the car .
va	O	He could see staples falling out the side , and he decided he 'd rather have it empty anyway .
va	O	You stay out of MY way and I 'll stay out of yours .
va	O	* * My thanks , Lady , but I 'll take care of her .
va	I	The sea devoured the offering and the cage was tossed overboard .
va	O	I would have thought it looked more like a grimace considering how much my face hurt , but obviously Griffin had a different interpretation .
va	I	They both disappeared , and the girl looked up to her mother , who nodded in approval .
va	O	Sweet Carol 's big crime was watching the sunrise every morning , and she died because she enjoyed sharing the experience with her neighbor .
va	O	He understood why she 'd take the easy way , but he wasn 't finished with her just yet .
va	I	I hate making them feel as though I expect it , but I can use the older children , of course .
va	O	They would all sit around the living room and he would tell them how vivid his dream had been .
va	I	They said their good-byes , and Monk stood .
va	I	This wound wasn 't healing with time , but everyone said that time heals all wounds .
va	O	The soldier loosened his grip , and Rema broke free .
va	O	The forest around us melted away , replaced by a meadow full of f lowers , but I was too panicked to investigate .
va	O	She smiled and something inside him burst .
va	I	He could vent his fury with vague justification and by now his parents would have bitten .
va	I	I followed her gaze , and she finally looked up at the man she had landed on .
va	I	Dayan fought down the rising beast , and the thought triggered the dangerous aggression of his species .
va	O	It looked like a jewelry box , and from its size , something big was inside .
va	O	Someone pushed her forward and her gaze was pulled away .
va	I	Finally they heard his voice again , but it seemed to take Jeff forever .
va	O	His shoulders stiffened , but he never turned around .
va	I	I feared it , but I didn 't understand it .
va	I	With us he 's almost totally blocked , but he 'll reel off lifetimes of predictions for strangers .
va	O	I knew what was coming even before his h * ps undulated against mine , and he pulled out .
va	O	It wasn 't anyone 's business and yet it was , because his roots were here .
va	I	I can 't deny his feelings for you , and he loves you .
va	O	Once they got out on the highway , the car ran better and it was a smooth ride .
va	O	He is dressed in ordinary hospital pyjamas , and I can 't see any distinguishing marks on him .
va	I	The effect was nothing short of spectacular , but it was a bit lower that she had been aiming .
va	O	Kincaid had a gun , but it was in his office .
va	I	I find it hard to breathe , and Ryan 's entire body goes tense .
va	I	His tender touch sent tingling sensations down her body and he brushed a strand of hair from her cheek .
va	O	I know life can get crazy , and this sounds like a great opportunity .
va	I	On the back was written I 'll never forget how scared we were in the caves and it was a school picture !
va	O	Sam had been pretty nervous the first Sunday , and only a handful of people talked to him .
va	I	She could not turn around , and she could not answer him .
va	O	Until that point , Travis had been the chef in the family , but little by little she began edging her way into the kitchen .
va	I	I made my way into the kitchen to grab a plate , and my body relaxed , finally .
va	I	He 'd respected that , and she 'd set up a pattern of silence .
va	I	Dave sensed that his friend was searching for a real purpose in life and Tony D 's car detailing business had failed .
va	O	You wanted me to protect you , and that 's what I 'm going to do .
va	O	Teaching pays thirty-five cents an hour , but I am not tempted by the higher wages .
va	I	The PA goes quiet , and there 's a click .
va	I	He turned toward her and his hand left hers .
va	I	She wanted no part of that , but I tried to console her with the usual platitudes .
va	I	Aria pulled away fast , suddenly uncomfortable with touching him , but a large guy on the basketball team bumped into her , knocking her into Noel .
va	O	James is over two years old and I couldn 't stand to have him taken away .
va	O	Things would change between them , and she couldn 't bear losing him as a friend .
va	I	There 's answers everywhere you look and you step outside under the sky .
va	I	I knew things would go on as expected , but I wasn 't sure how I felt about it .
va	I	I was completely exhausted by the time we got to the hotel , and it was late on the east coast when our plane touched down .
va	I	He wasn 't having it , but I tried to argue the point .
va	I	He also knocked down Rebecca 's five , but then he buried the ten .
va	O	His body hit the vee of the tree perfectly , but the momentum nearly threw him off the other side .
va	O	A loud bang sounded out of the darkness , and she felt a pang of terror strike her .
va	I	Sam stopped me with an arm encircling my waist , but 10 I climbed the steps of my parents ' house , toward my room .
va	I	She smiled , and he said it as a friend would , without implications .
va	I	Again he didn 't answer , and Jamie tried his cell again .
va	O	Regardless of her crumbling composure , he could hear her heart racing and he could smell her fear .
va	I	She tried to keep herself occupied , but she had nothing on her schedule .
va	O	Admittedly , Roman claimed he 'd sensed something , but he 'd drank as much as me .
va	I	Ravages me and a flash of reality swoops in .
va	I	The bracelet began burning my wrist , and my shield collapsed , overloaded .
va	O	He turns his head for a moment and I 'm pretty sure he 's wiping away tears .
va	O	I need water , moisture , anything to help me swallow , and I need to swallow now .
va	I	That seemed irrelevant , but I knew I wasn 't as pretty as some girls at school .
va	I	Together , they make their way towards me , and he stands up .
va	I	She had painted her face , in the manner suited to the occasion and she looked every inch the warrior , her armor shone in the firelight .
va	O	His room was always such a mess , and it seemed he was planning on messing up my room up too .
va	O	Aubrey was licking frosting off a half-eaten cupcake , and I hastily took it away from her .
va	O	The words are wrenched from me , and as Damien pulls away , I see the smug smile pull at his mouth .
va	O	Real mermaids like me , but I couldn 't talk to them .
va	O	The person in front of me moved up and I followed suit as did Sam .
va	O	I pushed the wraith away , and it worked .
va	I	Magdalene drew me away and he let me go .
va	O	A few shots had been exchanged , and then the palace guards had surrendered .
va	I	I 'm not sure why but I 'm feeling light-headed .
va	I	Being treating for an illness no one could diagnose and they were all still sick .
va	O	He got pinched last year but he never turned on his crew .
va	O	His soft grip on my knee stiffened , and he quickly removed his hand , placing it on the steering wheel .
va	O	You can e-mail me when you get home , and if I 'm awake , we 'll talk .
va	I	The streets were wreathed in fire and the sky was filled with helicopters .
va	I	His eyes showed the truth , but I wanted what he was saying to be a lie .
va	I	He 's not so old that he 'd rather rest than run , but he 's old enough not to get excited every time somebody walks by .
va	I	We 're still waiting for it to go nationwide , but an appeal has been shown in the northeast region .
va	O	She didn 't see them yet , but she knew they 'd be there .
va	O	I was trapped and I knew it .
va	O	Ginger Landis Renshaw might be a loving grandmother , but she 'd given no indication she intended to be anything other than a grandparent .
va	O	I believe he is attracted to her , but I 'm afraid he also wants to possess her .
va	O	Yes , the physical sensations that came with that part had delighted him , but the mental ... the emotional ... were even better .
va	O	I couldn 't explain and he didn 't ask .
va	O	You have a great talent and you 're in your prime .
va	I	There was no need , but James stepped aside so I could see it .
va	I	The Red Cross will leave and the United Nations will leave .
va	O	I love you Joey , but I need your help too .
va	O	She wanted a fight , and she wanted it bad .
va	O	There will be children , and she does love you .
va	O	Yes , there was the bodily shrinkage , but no , his pituitary gland was not diseased .
va	O	I was sure it was highly decorated on the inside , and I was more than curious to see how he lived .
va	I	She didn 't particularly care to try , and there would be no changing his mind .
va	I	She hugged me until I could barely breathe and her arms wrapped around my neck .
va	O	Another two minutes passed and his mind once more sounded within hers .
va	I	The guys on the field celebrated the touchdown and people were chanting Romeo 's name .
va	O	I fired in a large sweep and the policeman 's beam went out .
va	I	She was threatening to hurt you , and we were broken up .
va	I	I sat there frozen and my mouth gaped open .
va	I	He kissed me , and I embraced him .
va	O	He just got out of the hospital , but he 's still a mess , Abbi .
va	I	I stood up to go get it and a knock on the door interrupted my dark thoughts .
va	I	She was so hot she could barely stand the heat and she had no point of reference .
va	I	No one was there , but he clicked it on .
va	I	She didn 't know what was making her feel that way , and the need to do that was almost painful .
va	O	The speakers were turned off and Johnnie left it that way .
va	I	It stood up sharply , walking without a word and the guard spoke a codeword into 49 's ear .
va	I	She felt his body relax , and he smiled , as brilliant as the sun coming out from behind the clouds .
va	O	I wasn 't a picky eater , but Charlotte didn 't know that about me yet .
va	O	The young lady 's eyes fluttered open , and she passed a glance at her companion .
va	O	The world may be dead he thought , but those satellites up in orbit just keep on trucking .
va	I	It didn 't matter , but his ship was still miles up .
va	O	The car 's at the end of the garage , but it 's a slight decline .
va	O	There 's a sniffling sound , and then a thin voice emerges .
va	I	With the proper motivation , I could be a very good student , and something told me Noah had lots to say on the subject of temptation .
va	O	His eyes explored my own and I was shocked how little they had changed .
va	I	The other two had somehow doubled back or this meant that either someone else was following us .
va	I	He treated me that way and he thought I was precious .
va	I	The whole place smelled of smoke and the wood was splintered .
va	O	It was a bad habit , but I couldn 't help it .
va	O	He then moved it away from me , and the numbers lowered .
va	O	I 'm more than aware of that now , but I wanted to believe he was telling the truth .
va	I	I felt an urgency to force her to agree with me and she didn 't reply .
va	O	Crisp air blows through the trees , pressing against her breastplate and she is grateful for her armor .
va	O	There are a few compounds still standing , and they should be enough .
va	I	He could not sleep , and CHAPTER TEN That night Rico lay in bed , the king-sized bed that now seemed much too big for him alone .
va	O	Winnie was at the doorway waiting for me and this was by no doubt a bad sign .
va	I	There was a high , unearthly whistling sound as the wound sucked inward and the little blind girl 's chest heaved .
va	I	You should be , and you may be scared right now .
va	O	Wow , not more than five minutes here , and I was already making new friends .
va	I	It was some time before she was able to regain her composure , and Agnes 's bottom lip dropped open in amazement .
va	O	They weren 't quite coping right now , but it wasn 't their fault .
va	O	Ignoring the breasts , I returned to the hazel eyes with a query of my own , and the answer soon came to me .
va	O	He looked around for help , but there was none in sight .
va	O	I still wasn 't sure what he meant by it , but I knew that somehow , it tied in to why I wasn 't now convulsing .
va	I	It had turned on and he had clicked the flashlight .
va	I	I couldn 't help it , but I felt childish .
va	O	They would be changed , or they would be dead .
va	O	She wanted me to acknowledge that I was her father , but you know that .
va	O	He tells me about brain surgery , and I talk to him about wormholes .
va	I	He nodded in affirmation and I asked .
va	I	The bindings were loose and her wounds were discoloured .
va	O	They had him , too , and they had been tuning him .
va	O	Lucien was already gone , and the others were sitting along the edges of the walls , polishing their weapons with lethal efficiency .
va	I	Jonas became an eagle and Sharon turned to a palomino mare .
va	I	Every next work will be better , because he is better , and the next work will be different , because he will be different .
va	O	I cannot hide my surprise but no one is interested enough in me to notice it .
va	O	Yes , even bad boys have a code of honor , and tonight I plan to find a loophole in that code .
va	I	I was immediately airborne , and I thrust with my soft wings .
va	I	He puts gritty h 's at the beginning of his words and his voice is lined with cigarette smoke .
va	I	I felt like I 'd grown up so much since then , but it had hardly been any time at all .
va	I	This song I could recognize for sure , and the values changed along with the technique .
va	O	He told me to stay out of it , and he never gets involved in family business .
va	I	Stil the dreams came , and a new semester had begun .
va	O	I wasn 't sure if she could hear me , but it didn 't matter .
va	I	My mom hangs her head in shame and I shake my head , letting go of her arm .
va	I	She had hoped perhaps they could find some together , and neither of them had much faith at the time .
va	I	She was already burned out , and it was only the first day of school .
va	O	Charlie cut the engine , and we bumped against the decaying dock .
va	O	Nobody else had gotten in line , and people passed with eyes cast down .
va	I	The rest of her was out , but the water still yanked at her ankles , threatening to pull her off .
va	O	She plainly feared the truth , but she would not shun it .
va	O	I always felt a bit guilty buying a cake when it was so easy to bake one , but ice cream was the perfect summertime dessert .
va	O	We both ate in complete silence , and I never once looked up from my plate .
va	I	He was gnawing on his pencil trying to figure out the motion problem and his physics homework was a lot tougher .
va	I	Gansey certainly couldn 't , but Adam , friend of cars everywhere , might have been able to determine what was wrong with it this time .
va	I	I can see it nonetheless , but I don 't know about what .
va	I	She immediately dug into her sandwich and their food came .
va	O	The excitement of the past few days had been intense , and now , the lack of that excitement was a letdown .
va	O	Everything fell away , and that was exactly what I had wanted .
va	I	She whispers in his ear and he squats down next to her .
va	O	It hurt for a moment longer , but then I could breath easily without the sharp pains .
va	O	Ken had volunteered his room for her , and he took a sofa in the living room .
va	I	He had to do something and she coughed badly .
va	I	This time , the video has ended and the screen goes black again .
va	O	All the lamps had been snuffed out , and a pile of shimmering coals were the only sign of a once lit fireplace .
va	I	He took to avoiding her , and she had already become the symbol of the caretaker to Major Smythe .
va	I	You have my respect , but I 've got to say you 've got some pretty big balls .
va	O	She jabbed the power button , and the machine rattled to life .
va	I	He sits across from me and I take a seat at a café style table .
va	I	Then she slapped him with all the force at her command , and she digested that a moment .
va	I	She wasn 't going down without a fight , but failure loomed right ahead .
va	O	The sky is covered in smoke and it 's headed along that path .
va	I	Positive thoughts radiated from him , and his fingers massaged my scalp .
va	I	I wanted to hurt him the way he hurt me , but I didn 't mean it even as I said it .
va	I	Orson looked back at me , and I was leaning against the double doors .
va	O	One of the coaches shouts an order and before I know it , the ball is being thrown in my direction .
va	I	Even her brother couldn 't be bothered to speak on her behalf , and nobody seemed to care enough about her to stand by her side .
va	I	He felt the muscle jump in his jaw and Callum knew what he meant .
va	I	She was breathing hard , trying to stay calm and her mouth was dry .
va	I	This was a good one , but I 'd seen a lot of hard looks in my day .
va	I	He sensed he was issuing a reprimand , but Mac still couldn 't hear Baggy Pants .
va	I	They flood your lungs with water , drowning you and their lips seal to yours .
va	I	I was going to need this more than him , but I felt a pang of guilt .
va	O	He needed someone on his side , even if he woke up tomorrow and she had no idea what was going on again .
va	I	His eyes cleared immediately and he caught himself .
va	I	She turned on the light like she had when she was a little girl , and her heart pounded .
va	O	They are seldom unanimous on any issue , and their purposes are almost inscrutable .
va	I	Sometimes that means I have to be grumpy , and I 'm more used to being the boss .
va	O	I ask and she nods .
va	O	I had lost all track of time , but our three days must have been up .
va	I	I must be there to receive them , and there are new clerics on their way .
va	O	Her neck looks prime for a bite , and I 'm more than willing to sink my teeth into her .
va	I	I knew she 'd seen it , but I tried to hide the rifle .
va	I	She finally got the message and silently he shook his head .
va	O	Cade tried to pull me up , but my body felt dead .
va	I	Connor took a step back , and the heat in the room seemed to increase suddenly .
va	O	It ´ s night time and they ´ ve finally arrived .
va	I	Sasha strapped her seatbelt across her chest , and Vivian started the car .
va	I	I don 't move , but she 's already standing , ready to go .
va	I	He didn 't know whether she 'd put her love life before her family , but Ty had no doubt she had a thing for Hunter .
va	I	We kept in touch but Josh stayed in Mesa .
va	I	He looked forward to doing it again , and all he knew was that he 'd enjoyed holding Charlotte in his arms , enjoyed kissing her .
va	O	Sulley handed me a key and I focused back on him .
va	I	Angelica congratulated herself on her quick thinking , and Maia couldn 't argue with her logic .
va	I	Work has been crazy lately , but I 've been hoping to get to the local library .
va	O	I have this dream sometimes where I 'm in a white room , no furniture , but there are two exits .
va	O	She wouldn 't be the typical type of woman I 'm drawn to , the kind I 'm attracted to , but parts of her could be .
va	O	He owed me a couple of favors , and these sure did the trick .
va	O	His body was rigid , but his arms closed around me , holding me tightly against his chest .
va	I	I was too overcome by emotion to even attempt to make sense out of them , but the words exchanged by the siblings remained in my head .
va	O	Chrissie didn 't sound enthusiastic and Susannah didn 't blame her .
va	I	He began to panic and for a moment his heart rate accelerated .
va	I	Her face tightened , and Anger flashed in Salina 's eyes .
va	O	She 'd been found and now it was over .
va	O	I caught a hint of understanding pass over his face , and I knew he knew what paper I was referring to .
va	O	She had twelve suites to clean in the next few hours and she wanted to make a good impression .
va	O	He had left his cloth , and I used it to wipe the sweat from my face .
va	I	The other part of her was worried about Maggie , but part of her wanted to laugh .
va	I	No part of me wanted him to stop , and he was charming me out of my doubts .
va	I	I felt my stomach churn , and the boat lunged down into the trough of the wave .
va	O	Her screams echoed in his ears , but she might as well get adjusted to her new reality as soon as possible .
va	I	Everyone is cleaning up and the meal is finished .
va	O	The fire was out , and a cold wind sliced the air .
va	O	She 'd been careful not to wear a white shirt , but even the black couldn 't hide her reaction to him .
va	O	You 'd just need to steel yourself for dealing with real estate people , but I 'd give you a hand with that .
va	O	That was the real reason and it hurt , like a knife lodged in my heart .
va	I	We didn 't let them pass , but freaks tested our defenses from all sides .
va	O	She just stared back and the baby started crying .
va	I	Those relationships are important , and you two have been friends for a long time .
va	O	Maybe you believed I was doing it out of civic mindedness or I harbored some latent lust for adventure .
va	I	His eyes were the brightest blue she had ever seen and his hair fell in light waves to his shoulders .
va	I	Adam held his father 's shoulders in his arms and when the last of her life was gone , David fell to his knees beside her bed .
va	I	Then , change was inevitable , even for vampires , but Rodin had changed in the years since Drake had last seen him .
va	I	That didn 't mean Mrs. Cross had to banish her from the classroom , but Aria wished she had friends , too .
va	I	Regular confession probably isn 't until next Saturday , and you needed to get something off your chest .
va	I	Then she reached out to take the skull , but the skeleton woman seemed puzzled for a moment .
va	O	He pushed the door open more , but the words he wanted to say got stuck in his throat .
va	I	We sprint full out away from the skiff and Hit grabs my hand .
va	I	It was beginning to get chilly , and the sun was low in the sky .
va	I	I instructed Sylvia where to go and we all got in the car .
va	I	Nicko ended up looking rather like Maxie and Boy 412 turned out to be a good shot .
va	O	She looked up at Cassandra with a terrified look on her face and Cassandra smiled .
va	O	Allow yourself the freedom to be , and an answer will come to you .
va	O	Aric was happy and all smiles .
va	O	I wish I could use my whole body to show her my love and having the sling between us is frustrating as hell .
va	I	It is true but it 's hard to hear .
va	I	They had drunk just enough vodka to take the bait , and he 'd played both the men .
va	O	That light brought me back to awareness in my own bed , and I envied the super-human powers I had in dreamland .
va	I	I was too close , but I walked back to the car .
va	I	Nina followed and Seth lifted himself into the cabin of the helicopter .
va	I	Gem was very familiar with the layout , and I built it a few years ago .
va	O	I expect the older man to be the head Guardian , but it turns out to be her .
va	I	Whatever they did , it worked , but my parents may have been crazy .
va	O	The exterior of the building was dirty , and one side had been painted with propaganda , which in turn had been violated by graffiti .
va	I	I realized soon enough that few were looking at us , but Night time partygoers had their attentions quickly diverted .
va	I	I give in and you 've beaten me down .
va	O	All their credentials seemed to be in order , but they were a bit vague about exactly what the purpose of their visit was .
va	O	Surrounded by strangers and missing a son .
va	O	His left side is partially paralyzed , and he 's in a deep sleep .
va	O	His eyes looked sleep-deprived , but his demeanor gave an expression of restlessness .
va	O	The light is off , which panics me into reaching for the pull cord and thankfully it illuminates the cozy room once again .
va	I	The dimly lit tents rested all around her and the embers of the fire were still cooling .
va	O	I tried again , and a third time .
va	I	She shoved herself away from him , and she felt his arm loosen .
va	O	Usually I 'm much better at controlling my emotions , but lately , my emotions have the upper hand .
va	I	I escaped into the woods and a fireman took me outside .
va	O	Margaret had no idea whether it was fair , but she knew she would pay it , somehow .
va	O	Ryan might be a movie star , but he was the one ordinary thing in my life .
va	O	My family is responsible for the loss of hers , and there is no way I can ever fix it .
va	O	I was terrified of that kind of rejection and I refused to let my baby be rejected .
va	O	I mouthed to her and she started giggling .
va	I	He squared up to him but the man 's voice had become gentler .
va	O	I mean our parents did go to the gun range ALOT but they never appeared like the NRA type .
va	I	I kiss his pudgy cheek , and eros giggles .
va	O	Our house wasn 't tidy , but my mom did clean it .
va	O	They may have no trouble sleeping at night , but I know the truth about the Anderson 's .
va	I	I couldn 't have looked away if I tried , and it was like the sun had appeared from behind the clouds .
va	O	I worked to modulate the volume of my voice so Charlie wouldn 't hear , but I wanted to shout the words .
va	O	The swelling in his face had gone down , but his bruises were going to be there for a while .
va	O	I knew they couldn 't hear me , but I couldn 't help whispering .
va	O	She sensed me looking at her , and her eyes jumped up .
va	I	Flames sprang to life in the rock fireplace , and as they entered , he waved a hand .
va	O	Jo 's two years older than I am , but that didn 't stop us from becoming friends !
va	O	The dam was weathering into gentler shades of grey and the lake behind it was filled to the brim .
va	I	What she probably thought was haughtily , or she said , haughtily .
va	I	In the end I 'm left with nothing , and I always help other people .
va	I	They were well hidden from their enemies , but their progress through this place very slow .
va	I	He needed help , and he was stranded .
va	I	I couldn 't bring myself to take it back , and I couldn 't bring myself to look at him .
va	I	The memories evaded his grasp , but Merrick strained his mind to recall where he needed to go .
va	O	The cops hadn 't been able to verify any of it ... too many layers of sham bureaucracy , but the connections were there .
va	I	I turn to look at her and Amy taps me on my shoulder .
va	O	There were low murmurs , and then the front door slammed .
va	O	He looked hopefully at Jay , and she laughed .
va	O	I shouldn 't be excited over a car , but I am .
va	O	That gruff voice should be mine to hear , and those ears should be mine to tell all of my secrets to .
va	I	My mom Sandy was the real beauty , but he was quite the looker as a younger man .
va	I	I 'd be rich , and if my dad hadn 't brought Mitchell into the family , Grandpa wouldn 't have given him my money .
va	I	I was a woman and I was very much reminded that he was a man .
va	I	I wave my hands , and he latches onto my leg .
va	O	The Senate launched an official inquiry , but Poindexter was exonerated .
va	I	I 'll explode or I 've got something I have to say .
va	O	* * * Tavi poured more coffee for her employer and carried it to where Caitlin sat staring out the window .
va	I	The feeling was gone , and Tom tapped her shoulder .
va	I	The landing was not as rough as I had anticipated , but he made the same grunting noise to land as he did when we departed .
va	O	I honestly don 't like the idea of meeting him at his house , but I feel kind of at his mercy after trespassing on his property .
va	O	Jane was not happy to break this edict , but Renton pressed her every time they were alone .
va	O	she screamed over the noise , and I could see she was also near the point of a heart attack when it caught us off guard .
va	O	The sound of Harding 's throat being cleared reminded Dennis to breathe , and he inhaled sharply before he passed out .
va	O	He wheezed and blood trickled down the side of his mouth .
va	O	Cliff moved on and Melanie entered the new order before retrieving the check from her last table .
va	I	She spoke the truth , but I don 't want it there .
va	I	I started to pick up on her train of thought , and I looked at the professor .
va	O	I wish I could , but that 's too much of a risk .
va	I	This is what we have to do if we want to stay alive but I may seem to strong .
va	I	They can just as easily kill him in the process , but there are drugs that can encourage a man to speak .
va	I	I nodded and she gave me a pointed look .
va	I	This wasn 't how she handled problems , and I knew Cameron .
va	O	It was a bit later than Goss had expected but he was pleased with progress .
va	O	She felt the ground vibrate , and the wall beside her shifted .
va	I	You were being skittish about the whole process but which is what they were trying to explain to you last night .
va	I	She pulled Ethan further into the dark , and Julie had come back to life at the chance to find Kim .
va	O	I opened my mouth to scream but a strong hand quickly muffled it .
va	O	I drew a sharp breath , but before I could scream recognition hit me full force .
va	I	All she had ever said was that people paid for their sins , yet she knew about the trips to Manor Road .
va	O	I swing my legs off the bed and my bare feet hit the cold subfloor .
va	I	That side was not mine , and suddenly they were on the same side .
va	I	He polished off the drink , and Ethan had graduated to scotch .
va	I	I know one thing for sure , and I 've been around the business for a little while .
va	I	The fear of what might be pursuing them still made her feel frantic , but Relief at seeing him flooded her .
va	O	Jack agreed to go to the store for us , and when I saw the worry on his face , I was embarrassed .
va	I	I 'd thought I was sophisticated enough to take him on , yet I 'd known who he was , knew his reputation .
va	I	Ria got lost in her excited reverie of thoughts , and Dan asked with a puzzled look on his face .
va	O	The arm around my waist drew me forward , and an instant later I was pressed against his front .
va	O	I wished he would just leave me alone , but he refused .
va	O	His eyes gleam , and the corner of his mouth quirks up .
va	I	Every time she tried to fix things , she got shot down by someone higher up , but something wasn 't right .
va	O	It 's hard not to , because people are starting to meander out of the theater and they are still kissing .
va	I	I couldn 't make out what else she was saying , but I could hear Stacy mention my name to Shannon in the other room .
va	I	I didn 't waste a minute before lashing out with my fists , and the chains dropped to the floor .
va	O	His head fell down on his chest but it did not stop him from speaking .
va	I	I felt the now-familiar tingle zip through me and to demonstrate , he touched my hand briefly .
va	I	They 're mandatory for anyone close to someone who is taken , but the therapy sessions are a total waste of time .
va	O	Amsterdam was one of his favorite cities in the world , and he was curious to see if she would like it .
va	I	I shudder , barely registering a keen of pure hunger from the beasts , and they take up a position just around the corner .
va	O	A few hopefuls tried , but they were quickly dismissed by the teacher in charge .
va	O	She lifted her hand to cover her eyes , but the sight of her blood had her quickly lowering it again .
va	I	He was watching me and his eyes were open .
va	O	the stranger barked at the boys , and the other man gave them a shove .
va	O	It was time to help unload Sally 's C-130 and there he got a pleasant surprise .
va	O	Blaze is racing beneath me , his heart thundering , and I pray that we reach our destination in time .
va	I	The forehead wrinkled and the eyebrows lowered .
va	I	We get to see him all the time but his grandparents still legally have him .
va	I	I breathed a sigh of relief , and Nan 's car was gone when I pulled up to the house .
va	I	There was no sign of the other one , Gina but one of her lipstick mafia girls was with her -- Jennifer -- .
va	O	He came closer to Abe and he naturally stepped back , pushing Clare with him .
va	I	Nothing warmed a human 's blood like fear , and Blood was best served warm , after all .
va	O	Odd knickknacks are interspersed on the shelves among the books and all the objects look as though they have a story to tell .
va	O	An enemy would have added that component as well , but a Lycan , even a treacherous one , would not want to get anywhere near silver .
va	O	It took a moment , but at last he remembered .
va	I	They wanted to be with me and I told them about this place .
va	I	Like him , he 'd lay odds she carried a piece somewhere on her , but she was off duty .
va	I	Immediately it shot into the air and he pressed down on the orb .
va	O	His frown dug in deeper , and we had a tense moment where we just stared at each other without speaking .
va	I	I 'm almost certain that there is surveillance , as well , and she 's got spies everywhere .
va	O	Maybe they 're empty promises , but March has never let me down .
va	O	I 'm sorry , but that 's not flying with me .
va	O	He tried to give her lips a peck , but she kept his head stationery , waiting for her prince 's answer .
va	O	She didn 't get out , and the elevator door closed again .
va	O	His creativity flowed like a broken fire hose , but he lacked the forward thinking of actual execution .
va	O	She waved her hand in the air as if it was nothing to worry over and I contemplated snapping it at the fragile joint of her wrist .
va	I	No one else was available and the patrol needed to be done .
va	O	She felt awkward asking , but she couldn 't let it go .
va	I	I woke to blood boiling when I realized where she was and she inundated my thoughts .
va	I	He claimed he disliked being parted from her and she 'd been gone less than an hour .
va	I	I didn 't want to close it and I had a window to Jude 's room .
va	O	What mattered was that Gregory Embry was a man who believed in letting big business alone - and Washington Tribune Enterprises was big business .
va	O	She knew the voice was Blake 's , but it was wolf , not human .
va	O	Grey gently stroked my face , and as much as I wanted to hold his hand there , I knew he would soon remove it .
va	I	Then made Grace wave , too , and Chloe waved .
va	O	He did believe me , and deep down I had always known he would .
va	O	Well , I wasn 't naked , but I was vulnerable .
va	O	The two of them spent weeks collecting facts , and Dad actually did a bit of undercover work .
va	I	I knew I was in the clear and I heard Mom 's voice coming from the kitchen .
va	I	I was still alive and I woke up .
va	O	Dominic lifted his hands toward the sky and they immediately subsided .
va	I	I quickly turned around to hide my deep blush from him and he handed me my cup .
va	I	She was completely ill-prepared and her greatest fear was closer than ever .
va	O	He wasn 't fond of the idea of carting it to the river to dispose of it , but no better idea came to mind .
va	I	Honestly , I was surprised it had made it as long as it did and she was only 12 weeks along .
va	I	She felt herself relax against the pillows , but she forced her face to stay expressionless .
va	O	She 'd never experienced an anxiety attack before , but she knew without a doubt she was having one now .
va	O	Her eyes lit up when she saw the necklace , and she smiled broadly .
va	I	I cannot really ignore its advantages but I should help him get over it .
va	I	Then Chance wiped down the trucks quickly , and the whole endeavor took half an hour .
va	O	Cain didn 't want responsibility of any kind and he 'd been a nomad for too long .
va	I	His lip curled as he regarded the darkness and Tar 's eyes narrowed .
va	I	He saw her pressing the button for floor 36 , the top floor , but the girl had her back to him .
va	O	I woke up , and it was there .
va	O	She had a point , and she was right , of course .
va	I	He didn 't trust her , but he might desire this woman more than he 'd ever desired another .
va	O	A few more cups of punch , and I 'll know what to do .
va	I	They were too fogged up to see through , but he took them out of his pocket .
va	O	Mariah didn 't look at him , but he felt , oddly , as if she were disappointed .
va	O	The hot liquid made her tongue tingle as it burned , but she drank it eagerly anyway .
va	I	She forced herself to drink water every day , but she still could eat very little .
va	O	Very gentlemanly of him , but there was no sense in his soup getting cold while I wrapped up my call with Jude .
va	O	Immortals were sensitive to caffeine , some more than others , and he usually avoided it because of that .
va	I	I planned to finish my training tomorrow but I hadn 't got as much stuff done as I would have liked .
va	O	She might be inside Natasha 's body , but she didn 't have control .
va	O	Call me old-fashioned , but I don 't like endangering innocent people in the name of a job .
va	I	He held my face , staring down and his fingers wrapped around the underside of my chin .
va	O	She had always been thin , but in death she appeared gaunt , almost skeletal .
va	I	He 's here as a wingman of sorts , but he 's not strong enough for bouncing yet .
va	I	They chose not to come inside to find out what was happening , but I 'm sure that the massed troops outside heard all the screaming .
va	I	My body was my livelihood at the moment so I took care of myself , and I kept it that way .
va	I	The strangest feeling came over her and Tabitha leapt onto Jacobs turned back .
va	I	I smiled sheepishly , and a quick huff ripped from my lips .
va	O	The lamps have been bashed to pieces and the ceiling light is on the floor .
va	I	He heard nothing , but he listened to Hopkins ' thoughts hoping for any clue .
va	O	There are some transmissions that appear to have a video component , but until we determine their screen format we won 't have any pictures .
va	O	Before that , he 'd only been planning to scare the junior a bit , but now he wanted to punch the guy 's face in .
va	I	I had nothing with me which could convincingly be a parcel , but there was a door at the back for late deliveries .
va	I	They keep coming back , but Mrs. Jenkins calls the cops on them at least twice a day .
va	I	He assured me that we would continue our talk after class but I only had about five minutes to talk to my professor .
va	O	There were clothes strewn about and a few metal clothes hangers were near him .
va	I	We were alive , and it was real .
va	O	Most likely it had to be put into a sling or it would have dangled limply at his side looking unnatural .
va	O	A car squeaked to a stop in front of her and she barely braked in enough time to avoid hitting it .
va	O	I took a handful of dirt and slung it in front of me .
va	O	Mom hadn 't lowered her tea cup and her eyes peeked at me over it .
va	I	They were soon off though the boy 's stomach complained bitterly , and he refreshed himself in a swiftly running creek , saddled the horse .
va	I	Timmy would fit the bill perfectly and a little boy should have a dog to grow up with .
va	O	Shifters had been bred to mate , and anything that kept them from that had been left out of their physiology .
va	O	I felt for a pulse , but there was none .
va	I	His fingers moved slowly , like after a snowball fight without gloves and his shoulders were numb .
va	I	She could not bear to see such a great man so horribly wounded , but her Element would allow her to feel all the damage .
va	O	He could not get up without exposing some part of himself , and he could not perform the appropriate obedience from a supine position .
va	I	He would just needle her back and she could say anything to Jim .
va	I	Becky held him back , but Matt stepped before him .
va	O	Water poured down from somewhere , over me , and vanished down a groove worn in the floor .
va	O	Bill Door had gone , but he had left echoes .
va	O	Everything went black , then fuzzy , and then slowly the lights came on .
va	I	Ben were off again and * * * Me .
va	O	He had a feeling it was going to be a very long day and he was getting ready for round two with Trinity .
va	I	He had an explanation ready and tiberius knew immediately where these thoughts were leading .
va	O	I messed up , but I told the therapist .
va	O	A tree stood behind me and I brought my small blanket to sit on .
va	I	He could only be referring to the Nazarene , and Isaac broke the news early in the morning .
va	I	She wasn 't even awake , but the officer briefly peered in between the bars at Heather .
va	I	Squirrels chattered as they ate , and acorns bounced off branches before hitting the ground .
va	I	Even in the uncertain light it didn 't look particularly happy , and he smiled .
va	O	A third voice came from the direction of the hall and whatever Cain was about to say wouldn 't be said tonight .
va	O	I heard noises in my head , and clicking .
va	O	It took some work , but I got them off .
va	O	He just couldn 't see Milford in that role , and if it didn 't work , he had to think about Hamilton again .
va	O	My mate is now what I am and she made no such promise .
va	I	I 'm about to lose it , and she bats those lashes at me .
va	I	Then you can disappear , and get it done .
va	I	They both listened , breath held , for any alien sounds , and Chrissie immediately turned on the hallway lights .
va	O	By this time we were at the door , and Connor knocked .
va	I	Names often eluded her , but she could always remember faces .
va	O	Myself , I could see it perfectly , but he didn 't need to know that .
va	I	I grit my teeth and my grip on the tablet tightens .
va	O	I could see the moonlight reflected in her dark eyes , and her voice was soft when she spoke .
va	I	No agreement had been reached but Marriage had been discussed on several occasions .
va	I	The doctor had told him that it would make him drowsy and he 'd been given some more medicine .
va	O	He still wore his pink sunglasses , but they were slanted now , not fully recovered from his run-in with her .
va	O	I looked into your lifeless eyes , and my heart went heavy .
va	I	The faster I rubbed the more it bit into me , and the lace of the panties was rough against my skin .
va	O	I turned around and Lilly was gone .
va	I	It was all the release I needed , and the Viking 's hand had dropped from my arm .
va	O	She took his claw and he helped her rise .
va	I	Austin shook it and the boy held out his hand .
va	I	The stranger had flashed a badge , but Amber knew no one could make him leave if he wanted to stay .
va	I	Colby relaxed , and David chuckled .
va	I	I am thankful and the other couples on the steps do not seem to notice our spat .
va	I	The glare turned the lake into a mirror , and the sun wasn 't far past its apex .
va	O	He was standing right there with his phone to his ear , and I completely didn 't see it .
va	I	Her heart tripped over itself , and she heard the door open .
va	O	I didn 't like it , but she always gave me space .
va	I	He refused to raise one to wipe the blood away , but his hands shook with anger .
va	I	We both knew it and it was what had to happen if I was going to be with Race .
va	I	A second later it dropped to the table , and a loud tone screeched out of the suspended hand set .
va	I	It couldn 't compare to the feel of Jay 's body , but the pistol in his hand was a fine piece of hardware .
va	O	My theory was that she was afraid she sucked and she enjoyed singing so much that it would ruin it for her forever .
va	I	Suddenly Chess ' words made sense , and I felt betrayed by the words .
va	O	I have no idea what it was for , but now she has a mortgage of fifty grand .
va	I	Her throat clogged and her eyes burned .
va	O	Thankfully Dylan had given her a key earlier when he 'd been forced to go into the office so she could go out and sight see alone .
va	O	She said he was flying to Nashville , and she , Tammy , was flying to Memphis .
va	I	The sun is going down and the ' Mysterious ' is nowhere to be found .
va	I	You called them castles , but I called them forts .
va	I	I suddenly was aware that he had the Sword of Immortality gripped in his hand , and Alex cried .
va	I	I don 't take compliments well , but I know that she 's paying me a compliment .
va	O	Chapter Twelve Jane burst from the trees , and she slammed her body into Lorcan 's .
va	I	I try my best to smile , but deep sadness burrows through my chest .
va	I	When his teeth grazed my earlobe , those goose bumps exploded to the surface even quicker , but goose bumps were already rising .
va	O	I couldn 't speak though , and no one was paying attention to me .
va	O	They had work to do , and I was an added complication .
va	I	It felt good , and they giggled together just as they had when they 'd been much younger .
va	O	Those beautiful brown eyes stared up at him , desire overtaking her fear , and he felt bad for teasing her .
va	I	We can talk in my office , and have him come by the store after lunch .
va	O	Physical dominance had never been a problem with Micah , but like his brother , derangement ran in the family .
va	O	The disk spun again and he froze , holding himself firmly in place until the rotation ended , then quickly crawled back to his friends .
va	I	It was futile , but Garrett shifted again .
va	I	She was staring pointedly out the window , but I opened my mouth to acknowledge Charlotte .
va	I	Gary wouldn 't want that , and she 'd just end up overboard if she went out there .
va	O	It clattered against the hard , tiled floor , and the pale , iridescent stones just barely picked up some of the morning light .
va	I	There 's a serious problem with her testimony , but Becker 's freak encounter becomes his only alibi .
va	I	He feared her time was over , but he needed a little more time .
va	I	He didn 't seem to have much else to say to me and it was just everyday stuff .
va	I	The palm-sized metal plate buzzed into life and Anna watched him hold the comm up high .
va	O	She 's still breathing and there 's no obvious wound on her .
va	O	I could do this myself online , but it 's safer to route it through a lawyer .
va	I	That even fewer would actually make the Legion - and everyone knew that few commoners were chosen .
va	O	Lauren had married him out of desperation to get out from under a crushing debt , but now they were completely happy about it .
va	O	The red eyes of the beast began to flicker and soon he fell to the ground with a great loud crash that shook the whole town .
va	O	Her eyelids were almost half lidded , and her grin was a little forced .
va	I	It will make them split their defenses and we have enough men to do this .
va	O	His shorts had multiple repairs on them and there was a small hole above the right knee .
va	I	I knew it and I was owned .
va	O	He 'd definitely go to hell now , but he 'd been headed that way before this .
va	O	Her hair was bleached blond and her roots were black .
va	O	He raised his hand in return , and I forced myself to continue forward .
va	O	There was a soft thump , and he stepped into the living room , his hands full of grocery bags .
va	O	Somehow they had come through that unscathed and she could only hope this would work out the same .
va	O	She 'd just been thinking basically the same thing , but she wasn 't about to give him the satisfaction of knowing it .
va	O	Kait could feel Gabriel 's walls go up , but she had more critical things to think about .
va	I	She didn 't have the strength to lift herself up , but her body was starting to go numb from the freezing stone .
va	I	Edwin was having none of it , but he finished first .
va	I	They could see the house rising darkly against the moonlit sky , dominated by the giant willow tree and there was a full moon .
va	O	He heard me walking up behind him and he leaned back to kiss me on the cheek .
va	I	Half drags me across the small room , and Julian shoots me an exasperated look , grabs my arm .
va	I	I soared up out of the way and the soldiers opened fire .
va	I	I beheld a dreadful scene , and they cut open the sack .
va	O	There was a click on the line , and then a new deep male voice spoke .
va	I	She shivered , and his breath was warm against her neck .
va	O	His brothers had similar marks as it was their family marking , but each one had some subtle variations , making it unique to each brother .
va	O	It was the truth , and we both knew it .
va	O	He was driving me to extreme madness , and I didn 't know what to do to stop it .
va	O	Sophia will recognize it , but no one else will .
va	I	The manager 's eagle eyes were on her , but she glanced behind her , desperately seeking a means of escape .
va	O	I wished I could ask him , but of course that was out of the question .
va	I	Their shrieks would just have shattered the bulbs , but the Valkyries had wanted a similar setup for Val Hall .
va	I	Neil knew that he would , within minutes , be attributing it to himself , and the Prince declared .
va	I	I could get a modest place , on my own , or I had a few friends who might make good roommates .
va	I	He didn 't last long , but he worked at the mill .
va	O	Her heart fluttered , and the itchy feeling she 'd had since her encounter with him last night ignited again .
va	O	When he finally managed to step out of the courtroom , he immediately searched for his wife , but he could only find Drake .
va	I	Nathan turns to her , and Norah frowns her disapproval .
va	I	She tried to dig it out with her nail and a thorn had lodged itself in the flesh of her heel .
va	O	He moved slowly and surely , determined there would be no mistakes .
va	I	I couldn 't go any further but I walked down into the dark .
va	I	Lewis Abbott was never openly accused of any wrongdoing , and of course the verdict of the court was suicide .
va	O	He 'd thought to recruit Dusty , but his oldest son had too much of his mother in him .
va	O	She was the most beautiful bride in the world and I was captivated by her every single day .
va	O	Whatever the animal was , he didn 't want to lose it , and if he headed back , it might be gone when he returned .
va	I	There 's a great mix of age groups and it 's located in a suburb type setting .
va	O	It hurts , but we must move quickly .
va	O	That 's when fear took over and I realized that I wasn 't in a dream .
va	O	Jenn 's wasn 't far from Marina City , but she felt a bit disoriented since she always took the L .
va	O	The silken black hair curled around his chin , and his skin looked like caramel .
va	I	She tried to suck in breaths of air and he started patting her back .
va	O	Fat Charlie left the bridge , with his father 's green fedora pushed back on his head , and he walked into the dusk .
va	O	I will , however , be choosing the understudy and my choice will be final .
va	O	I looked briefly for Gabriella , but I didn 't see her .
va	I	We formed a sort of huddle , and my dad walked over , too .
va	I	I might have thought she was sleeping if I didn 't see her fingers picking at the grass , and Kelsey was laid out on her side .
va	I	She listened as his breathing grew steady and he lay on his back .
va	O	My nerves settle and I laugh away my fears .
va	O	It was strange to think of sickness as an oasis , but that 's what it was .
va	I	I refused to go down , but I swayed on my feet .
va	O	The clouds were thinning and the sun was setting to his right .
va	I	That 's a luxury we can 't afford , but this apartment would be a classy place to hole up in for a while .
va	I	It sure felt that way , but it wasn 't a dream , no .
va	O	He let his nails sharpen to claws , and he shoved those claws into his chest .
va	I	We have earned our right , but we may live in luxury .
va	O	She 'd knocked him off balance but she 'd been off balance from the beginning .
va	I	He felt like punching something and he 'd been in the middle of a sound sleep .
va	I	Focused on entrepreneurship , but her degree was in business , too .
va	I	I could still manage a basic push , but I was much weaker outside the inn .
va	I	That was more frightening then any unseen noise and the only sound was the deathly quiet that surrounded them .
va	I	He fought harder and his face contorted .
va	O	I couldn 't get why I was supposed to care , and Bill made a small movement that he instantly stilled .
va	I	I had meant to read her message , and she had texted me the day before .
va	I	Some of them were worse , and none of them were better off than Fili .
va	O	His lips met mine , and everything else just fell away .
va	I	I needed to know how she could be with such a jerk , but it didn 't sound like it .
va	I	He didn 't know how to get her back , and the one woman he loved is gone from him .
va	I	Talon briefly suspected they had known the true circumstances of his birth all these years , and the Queen 's Guard knew him well .
va	O	Zach materialized behind his crew , and they parted to let him come to the front .
va	I	He had a hot , muscular body as a result , and Simon worked himself hard every single day .
va	O	Her vision swam lazily in front of her , but she could see Griff on his knees , with some figure standing behind him .
va	I	She asked me what I wanted and I lay back in the chair .
va	O	He nodded , but there was a sharp look in his eyes .
va	O	The coven might not be strong enough , but maybe there was something else that was .
va	O	Despair rose up like a black tide , and I choked back tears .
va	I	It felt like ice , but the ground was concrete .
va	O	I hadn 't seen this car for days , and still it looked brand new .
va	I	She couldn 't reconcile it either and Sarah couldn 't tear herself from the duality of her existence .
va	I	We went to Bermuda to get married , but tell the world we 're not only engaged .
va	O	I was scared , nervous , but every time I looked at him my intuition screamed trust him .
va	I	Our lips still aren 't close enough and he leans in until his forehead rests against mine .
va	O	I put my hand out and we shook on it .
va	O	There was a faint aroma of peppermint , but mostly I smelled Izzy 's brown hair .
va	O	She was stronger than he would 've guessed , but she was trying to keep her doughnut from getting smashed so he pinned her quite easily .
va	I	I listened for the wail of a sick baby , and I looked both ways for traffic .
va	O	A search party formed and before the sun set they , along with Fin , moved out in the direction Jacob saw Lady Tara depart .
va	O	Madeline met her gaze , and despite everything , Sloane felt the love her stepmother had always shown her .
va	I	I find myself unable to pull my head above the waves but I begin to struggle .
va	I	He was the son of a King and she was just a young woman then .
va	I	All the energy I had , but it was a meager effort .
va	O	Both got in , and the limo sped away .
va	I	You blinked too often and your hands shook .
va	O	She set the tray on the coffee table , and then she looked at Paulette .
va	O	I know it 's a waste , but I 've always been that way .
va	O	We sat down at the table , and I took off my sun glasses .
va	I	He smiled and I nodded .
va	I	He used her for a punching bag too , until his accident , and she married some cowboy she met while he was passing through town .
va	O	She had to leave the kids at their place , and they 'd drive to wherever she wanted to go .
va	I	The entire forest went up in flames , and back when we were simple forest dwellers , we grew careless with our fires .
va	O	I don 't know when I was raised to the nobility in her eyes but I followed her into the kitchen .
va	O	Coop waved to her from across the room , and she walked over to meet up with him .
va	O	As predicted , Judy threw her arms toward Thomas and a giant net appeared , flying through the air .
va	O	There was then the briefest of a count in , and the show was under way .
va	I	Michael promised faithfully to have it ready before Easter , and the refurbished aircraft would then be finished in its original desert camouflage .
va	I	Maybe he 'll let something slip , but I know the answer already .
va	O	It took longer than I thought to finish , but I was more than excited to show it to Derek .
va	O	He tried to help her up , but she just crumpled .
va	I	They were both induced to silence , but she didn 't play for long .
va	O	It didn 't look like nothing , but he appeared uncomfortable with my attention .
va	I	I didn 't say them , but there were a lot of things I almost told him .
va	O	My hands had touched the pyramid , but I hadn 't moved fast enough .
va	I	We fall to the ground and his shoulder slams into me .
va	O	I could smell the aftershave on his neck , and I wanted so badly to pull him closer to me .
va	O	I had hoped to make a choice on purely technical grounds , but it may not be that easy .
va	I	It pulled over to the curb , and Blue gave it a brief wave .
va	I	Things were moving so fast it appeared she did but okay , obviously she didn 't actually produce it out of thin air .
va	I	My heart broke and she started crying .
va	I	I batted it away in frustration and my hair flicked into my eyes .
va	I	I will avenge my loss and there will be a next time !
va	O	He guessed the clothes belonged to the guy in the shower , but he couldn 't afford to feel guilty .
va	I	She never found the time to get him one and I guess they don 't get along very well .
va	O	Suddenly my hands were free , and I drew a finger down his face .
va	O	As he 'd just pointed out to Fiji , Bobo was a grown-up , and he could handle himself .
va	I	He wondered bleakly if it was because there was something she had to hide from him , and they were no longer mirrors to her soul .
va	O	His arrest would have assisted investigations but his trail dried up in Santiago .
va	O	He had been aiming for the duke 's throwing arm , but Conrad had ducked right into the path of the throw .
va	O	It had been in a cast until a month ago , and the doctors had prescribed painkillers .
va	O	Her voice caught me by surprise , and I eased back , trying to calm my pulse .
va	I	He squeezed her hand , and panic filled her eyes .
va	O	We ran into Iliana last night , and that 's why she was late .
va	O	Most of it was contemporary California housing ... but one block had more Victorian houses .
va	O	Cameron 's apology may have been unnecessary , but his own was still due .
va	O	She didn 't recognise the emblem on the front , but she felt somehow connected to it .
va	I	You are a really nice guy , Trevor , and I was chasing around boys who weren 't dating material .
va	I	He didn 't care , or the man didn 't notice Jordan 's knife .
va	O	All through the workday something was nagging at the back of his head , and he didn 't know what it was .
va	I	I could tell he secretly admired it , but Pappy thought it was a waste of money .
va	O	He smiled , and those little dents on both cheeks made an appearance .
va	O	I was tempted to fill my belly with the excellent tasting foods but I knew that would only slow me down .
va	I	He 'd never been disappointed by anything she 'd posted , and Luis had been following Elena 's blog for two years .
va	O	Some of them Alix rejected out of hand , but a few showed real possibility .
va	I	She had to hurt herself now , badly , to prevent worse future injuries , and the moment of madness sheared past .
va	I	We could have survived that on our own , but the EMP was the first event , sure .
va	I	Chase would never hurt her , and this was who she was , who she 'd been made to be .
va	O	He made three dollars a day working in the prison laundry , but after cigarettes there had been little to spend on tangibles .
va	I	I nodded and Avril said .
va	O	He didn 't hesitate , but he moved with languid beauty that made my breath catch .
va	I	He couldn 't see , but I rolled my eyes .
va	O	On the one hand it surprised them but on the other it made them glad .
va	O	She wanted to kiss him , but she wouldn 't pressure him again .
va	O	He winked at her , and she skipped down the hall , talking to Elizabeth the whole way .
va	I	We quickly made good use of them , and they had more toys than we 'd ever seen .
va	O	Our parents have been kidnapped and we 're alone .
va	I	He tried to calm her down , but Connelly 's eyes told her he was worried , too .
va	O	I left the next morning , and we hadn 't spoken since .
va	O	The door opens again , and Therese steps back to let us in .
va	O	Calvin signalled him to drop it but Danny continued .
va	I	All of you have had an impact , but some of you I 've known a short while , some of you a long time .
va	O	She 's not making this easy on me , but I don 't suppose I deserve any better .
va	O	They were never good , always awkward and she normally avoided them like the plague .
va	O	It let you look outside through the window , but the passersby couldn 't really see you clearly .
va	O	He winked at her and she raised her hand in solemn acknowledgment .
va	I	Andie 's mother was another story , but she liked her daughter-in-law a lot .
va	O	My stomach turned , and it wasn 't from eating too fast .
va	I	The fort on the hill beyond could easily be concealing more warriors , and ambrosius glanced around at the flat river meadows , thick with troops .
va	I	She didn 't acknowledge it as she sank her fangs in , but there was a flicker of fright in the creature 's eyes .
va	O	The sun had set completely , and as Hope looked up , she could see the stars appear .
va	I	Those words are still swirling in my head and it 's been two days .
va	O	The brig is too well guarded now , but there are only two fugitives left alive .
va	I	I am able to count at least twenty shadows but I can barely make out the features of the Crawlers .
va	O	I look around for the railing to steady myself against , but it seems very far away so I sink down on the steps .
va	I	It did , but I 'd done it so many times it seemed like once more shouldn 't hurt .
va	O	I thought I could trust her , but I guess I was wrong .
va	I	It felt natural , and they laughed together .
va	O	Peas are known for their thoroughness , and Stanley was conscientious in the extreme .
va	I	She blinked back tears and her voice trembled .
va	I	Right now I hated it , but it was a cute outfit .
va	O	I wasn 't even sure if Van would still be there , but I didn 't want to risk it .
va	I	His blood became a spreading pool beneath him until his cries dwindled to silence seconds later and his left arm was missing from its socket .
va	O	Several of the skaters talked as the bus drove away , but Kerri chose to remain silent .
va	O	Her lips parted , as though to deny him again , and Diego kissed her .
va	O	We knew that it would be serious , but somehow it seemed like Ballenger deserved it .
va	I	He blinks , lowering his arm slightly and my fear must register with him somehow .
va	I	She knew there was pity in the way they looked at her , but Rema couldn 't explain it .
va	I	Julia wouldn 't let him , but he had tried to stop at an ATM on the way .
va	O	She was happy to see Jason , and she gave him a big hug .
va	O	Zack started quickly moving through the tunnel ahead of us , and we took off , trying to keep up with him .
va	I	It was only fair , but part of her felt bad that Brian had to take the brunt of this situation .
va	O	You wanted a mundane husband , and Nate was good enough .
va	O	She sat on the bed with her knees drawn to her chest and her arms wrapped around them , long hair spilling over her shoulders .
va	I	Her fangs pressed against her lips and her blue eyes glowed eerily bright .
va	I	For some reason she did not look at him in that manner , but Roberto expected disgust .
va	I	It 's enough that I can tell she means it , but she stops herself quickly , like she 's afraid to say it .
va	I	The next Conner is coming in to save me and Chapter 29 Amy One minute I am fearing for my life .
va	I	She did not answer , but Sheba 's chin jabbed upward defensively .
va	O	My fingers brushed his as I took the drink , and a jolt of electricity danced along my skin .
va	O	Delicate silver links shaped like leaves formed a bracelet , and a unicorn charm dangled from every other link .
va	I	They walked towards the car and she nodded .
va	I	If he knew , Rich knew , and he knew .
va	O	It didn 't take long , but I waited an extra five minutes for good measure before heading back to the room .
va	I	It is at times like this that I know what my purpose is in life , and you never have .
va	I	They all nodded in agreement and Elizabeth looked to the others .
va	I	It especially needed a male alpha , and a pack needed two leaders .
va	I	We rode on into the suburbs of Munich , and I was then mounted behind a trooper .
va	I	It could be felt , but it couldn 't be seen .
va	I	Since Dad died , it 's become even more so , and I always thought my uncle was a more severe version of my father .
va	I	Samara could just barely see steam from his breath drifting from his partially open mouth and he was completely naked .
va	O	None of these names had yet found their way to the newspapers , but ripples had begun behind the scenes .
va	I	Then fell still again , but he jerked at that .
va	O	She had a bag from Wendy 's in her hand , and the smell of the food made my stomach wake up with a growl .
va	O	He wasn 't sure how much emotion he would feel , but he does now .
va	I	There was something weird in his face , but he was still smiling .
va	I	The muscle was badly chewed , but the bone was not broken .
va	O	My mom 's heart is going to be broken , and it 's all somehow going to be my fault .
va	I	I 'll leave that to you , but you won 't know what you 'll be facing when the doors open .
va	I	It only reminded me of what I was losing , but I was sure she meant to comfort me .
va	I	Our communication so far had been on the most basic level of immediate human need , but I was a little shocked .
va	I	I could see his teeth in the moonlight , and his face shifted into more of a fox .
va	I	It takes her half an hour to walk the circumference of it , and it 's a good-sized property .
va	O	She listened to the story , and she gave her absolute attention to Raphael , her eyes tracing the familiar lines of his face whenever he spoke .
va	I	I worry I 've read her wrong and she doesn 't respond right away .
va	O	Another world existed inside the tree , but that world continued to elude her .
va	O	She dances here every night , and that 's what brings in all the customers .
va	O	She is too scared , and we need to fix that .
va	I	She smiled back , feeling herself melt a little inside , and he smiled at her .
va	O	He was still aiming the Desert Eagle at the officer , but the man wasn 't even watching the gun .
va	O	I fought tears but they escaped anyway .
va	O	You had one when you let Amelie turn you , and you 've got one now .
va	I	Her hands slid over his back and she moaned .
va	I	They 'd never know , and I could 've screwed Mike 's friend Jake Reynolds .
va	O	he roared and she reared back against his arm .
va	O	I smiled wide at her and she laughed .
va	O	Marty was the alpha of his pack , and he asserted his dominance wherever he went .
va	O	I 'd thought having sex hadn 't changed me , but maybe it had .
va	O	Corrine rarely imposed her opinions on us , but when she did , we dared not cross her .
va	O	I had never seen him before , but I knew who he was instantly .
va	O	She wanted to ask him about her , but she could see from the strain in his expression that her death still hurt him badly .
va	I	I secretly don 't want to scold him , but I shake my head .
va	O	His eyes , blue as ever , catching mine and holding them .
va	O	I picked up the phone , and instantly my dad started .
va	O	They were turned around now , the horse dancing beneath her , and she was looking back down the trail , back toward Rule .
va	I	I could still move my spirit , but I couldn 't move my body .
va	O	His cheeks heated with embarrassment and he spun away from her .
va	I	I turned and he pointed behind me .
va	O	My calf muscles start to ache something fierce , and my breaths come in short , sharp bursts .
va	O	Ice cursed under his breath , and Ronan could see his need to attack in every line of his taut body .
va	I	The lock was engaged , and it was closed , for now .
va	O	A shiver ran down my back and I felt the blood drain from my face .
va	I	I always like to verify the facts with all those involved in a case , but I know the answer .
va	O	Neil shifted from foot to foot wishing he could sit down , but the only chair in the cavernous office was the Director 's .
va	O	She 's the only one who had dealings with him and she 's the only one who can get him to come out of hiding .
va	I	She lands hard on her side , and I sweep her feet out from under her just the way Logan taught me .
va	I	She tingled all over , wanting more and his hands slid over her bare skin .
va	O	My senses are off kilter , and I feel naked without them .
va	I	Now she 'd just exposed the one thing that made her most vulnerable and she 'd let him see the truth of her .
va	O	The conversations grew louder , and Hamish found he had more immediate concerns .
va	I	He began to pace and Tension started curling up in his belly .
va	I	They know it and we are finished .
va	O	Twisting into his signature attack , Link spins aggressively , but even so , Rift doesn 't break his stride .
va	I	His brother nodded that he understood , and she watched Ryan slowly shake his head .
va	O	You attacked my mate and now your life is mine to dispose of .
va	O	I unlocked the door , but Ethan nudged me aside .
va	I	I heard her screaming ... and I was still washing my face , and .
va	I	He frowned and his cell chirped .
va	O	Nice , Rico thought , but that 's not her .
va	I	Here it was , breaking all over again , yet she 'd thought her heart had already shattered into as many pieces as it could .
va	O	They are your enemies , and they seek to destroy the kingdom I have built from nothing with my own hands !
va	I	He was still gone , and just minutes until dawn .
va	O	She rose , her arms wrapping around herself as if cold , and her eyes did not focus upon anything .
va	I	He just barely shook his head and a taunting snort slipped through his nose .
va	I	They were sure they heard the sound of muffled screams a moment later as they eventually faded away completely , but the two thieves never looked back .
va	I	Pillow slips and she noticed , with grim distaste , that the bed was made up with fresh sheets .
va	I	Past experience did not fill him with confidence , but he desperately hoped that his tutor was not about to do something reckless .
va	O	She put her hand on his leg and the blood rushed to his groin once more .
va	O	Her voice was dead too , and it nearly killed me .
va	O	His eyes were rounded , watery , and Shannon let her protests fade away .
va	I	I 've really missed you , but it sounds crazy .
va	O	He could hear the gentle regret in her voice , but she didn 't ask him to call when he returned .
va	I	He shrugged , and I said .
va	I	It was true , but if I ever told him that he was sweet , he would most certainly deny it .
va	I	I knew my eyes widened in surrender and he moved one foot 's length closer .
va	I	I was doing it hard and I was riding my king .
va	I	I know ... But you think you know .
va	O	You think she 's the one behind these drugged sweets and you still think she 's the one that killed me .
va	O	His feet fluttered , searching for the floor , but he was rising , rising up toward the wood panelled ceiling .
va	O	The interviews began , and his hopes dwindled .
va	I	It was a start , but it wasn 't enough .
va	I	He turned to check on her , and Henry noticed that she had stopped .
va	I	I definitely don 't need it and Today is my first solo exhibition .
va	O	I 'd tried to make sense of them , but all I got were fragments of images that may have been of my life .
va	O	I nod willingly , but I know they 'll never catch the guy .
va	O	Outside the late afternoon sun was casting pale shadows , and he could smell newly mown grass .
va	I	Then that is true of all the officials , but the Director would have good reason for creating .
va	I	I am seven years old , and it is a Saturday morning .
va	O	She eyed me with that adorable half smile and I grinned in spite of myself .
va	O	I need a striker sub , and you need a team .
va	I	The negotiations were going well and she didn 't have anything urgent to do tomorrow .
va	I	The devil would have none of that , but my father tried to barter his soul .
va	I	We hurried back into the room and the technician hastily shut down the pumps .
va	I	Her hair flows down her shoulders and she 's wearing a tight dress .
va	I	He wiped it away with his thumb , and a single tear slid down my cheek .
va	I	She 'd made it out eventually , but walking was no easy feat for her .
va	I	Our lips connected and I leaned in .
va	I	He braced his feet and the long defense knife-edge shot out from his metal hand .
va	I	The children were slowly working their way down the hill , doing something to the vines and it appeared he .
va	I	I knew reinforcements were here to take us down , and the air moved around me .
va	O	She took aim and it flew across the playground , striking Dusty square in the face .
va	O	I take a step closer and I can hear her panting .
va	I	The next day is more of the same , but somehow I finish my shift .
va	O	She chuckled , and finally James disappeared .
va	I	For the time being , clearly used as a school , but it was an older building .
va	O	She was clearly hysterical , and most of the people gathered around her were far too shocked by the explosion to pay her much heed .
va	O	His face angles towards me , and he gives a humble smile for the first time in a long while .
va	I	Anne Marie didn 't tell him that , but it hadn 't been an easy decision .
va	I	She is making a difference in the world and my daughter left home to follow her dreams .
va	I	We 're more than halfway finished , and the plaintiff has rested .
va	O	He didn 't answer , and I narrowed my eyes .
va	I	I put a hand on his chest to abort his bear hug and he flung the door open .
va	I	They would stop harassing you and the TV said you should ignore bullies .
va	O	Dozens , maybe hundreds of people had walked by , and he was disappointed by a lack of anything concrete .
va	I	At the last minute , true love is revealed in a way she never dreamed , but Em is soon ready to quit .
va	O	Rafe didn 't allow many people to call him an idiot , but he made an exception for Mickey .
va	I	It didn 't matter , but he noticed she won 't answer him .
va	O	Fatigue was evident in Heather 's gait and her small tent was a welcome refuge .
va	I	He backed me up to the bed , pushing my ass against it , and Rock tugged at my skirt .
va	I	Albert 's voice sounded a lot closer and there was a thump outside .
va	O	Isobel lost her ability to hide her reactions and her mouth dropped open .
va	I	To have fun but he was just a young , selfish man who wanted nothing from life .
va	I	She knew they would have been waiting for her call and it was half past eight in the evening back in Atlanta .
va	I	He tumbled , struggling to stop himself , and his descent began to slow as the surface beneath him turned into stairs .
va	O	The walls were covered with white mortar , and the windows were draped with blue velvet .
va	I	It gave me a little shock and I reached up to grasp it .
va	I	I moved some more to escape the spreading cleaning fluid and the container fell out of Devin 's hands .
va	O	Someone continued to drag me further into the tunnel , and my prosthetic separated from my body .
va	O	She ran at me , and although she wasn 't heavy , the unexpected force knocked me back into the water .
va	O	Nami 's eyes drifted to the left and the Messenger felt that they landed on her .
va	I	Everywhere she turned were piles of junk , and an oldies station was playing on the radio .
va	O	He shrugged and I let it go .
va	I	I stare at the mud in disbelief , and it is muddy where I 'm sitting .
va	I	He figured that meant she wanted to get away from him but he was no psychological genius .
va	O	It disappeared just at quickly , and he spoke .
va	I	She shook her head and I laughed .
va	O	The cab beeped from outside , and I turned to face him .
va	I	She eventually became a sister herself and her name was Oana .
va	I	If nostalgia could be shown on someone 's face , it would have been on his , and Silver looked at him .
va	I	Even I had to admit it was pretty gorgeous , and the Rowan Land was still under my rule , though .
va	I	Marco 's hand shot out to stop him but he started to move forward .
va	I	A small smile appeared on her face , but she still had the gun on me .
va	O	We went up the stone steps , and I nearly stumbled over each one .
va	I	I suppose my body will eventually dispose of the unwanted dead matter -- hopefully , and the parasite is completely dead .
va	O	She looked over at me , and from the corner of my eye , I saw a small smile escape her lips .
va	O	My instincts screamed for me to take a step back , but I refused .
va	O	I can 't believe what I just did , but I did it .
va	O	She was a noble , and Garen was a commoner .
va	I	He smiled bravely but Jack looked concerned .
va	O	Sarah blanched at the thought , and it made her even more determined to be there .
va	I	Maybe she traveled a lot , and he kept himself isolated .
va	O	My fists were a no go , but my knee might be hard enough to do some damage .
va	O	The illusion was so real his body stirred to life , and he became acutely aware that they were very much alone .
va	I	She was more balanced , but Casey had some of that in her too .
va	I	Then we went cautiously down the dark pathway , and Prentice put his finger on his lips to make sure I was quiet .
va	O	Dasher smiled then , and my stomach dropped .
va	O	She had slept in a real bed , and she was thankful .
va	I	It seemed to sniff the air and its tip rose from the floor .
va	I	He was not , and they were there .
va	I	They were sure to be spotted if the searchers looked too closely , but he tried his best to hide under the branches of a willow .
va	I	Everyone nodded , and Preston asked .
va	I	I prayed neither of them was looking at me and I could feel the blush rising up my face .
va	I	She almost gave answer and the warmth of his flesh called to her .
va	O	Someone screams , and the sound is violently cut off .
va	O	I lightly tickled her , and she giggled .
va	O	Faye was standing up and she flew him .
va	I	He did not like where his mind was leading him and he had been trying to piece together what that mad scientist had in his plans .
va	I	An ugly color suddenly stained Lord Patten 's narrow face , and there was no missing the stark warning in his voice .
va	O	I wasn 't expecting it to be that late , and I was surprised Frannie hadn 't been trying to drag me out of bed .
va	I	Then I suddenly remembered that I was without a wallet , but my first thought was to take it , thinking it would certainly aid a disguise .
va	O	People in the hallway stared and I could feel my face going red .
va	O	He was no one I 'd ever met , yet somehow I knew him .
va	O	Noah stared at Kayla , and she stared right back .
va	I	It 's less than a couple of hours riding , and I could walk there in a day .
va	I	The needle was rising quickly and he was watching a meter .
va	O	One look at Lili 's face , and I knew I 'd put the pieces together correctly .
va	I	Surprise shook Julian as Claudette sauntered across the room and the door opened .
va	I	Now nothing else would do and he blamed Abigail for this , that he 'd gotten a taste of rosemary blood .
va	O	My fantasies of Sam set the standard , and no man has ever measured up .
va	O	He looked at me blankly for a moment and I offered him a small smile .
va	I	Weldon breathed a sigh of relief and my claws retracted .
va	O	I 've already had another kind of man , and I can 't go through something like that again .
va	I	I was careful to keep an eye out for possible threats and it wasn 't too far away .
va	O	She looked at him hopefully , but he didn 't say a thing .
va	I	I wasn 't failing any of my classes , and one tardy didn 't count .
va	O	My mouth opens to him , as if he 's Ali Baba and he 's said the magic words .
va	I	Panic held her in thrall , but her voice rang calmly enough .
va	O	A few straps were adjusted , and a few laces tightened .
va	O	I knew now that the spirits had never existed , but I still felt as if I was being watched .
va	O	The Elixir isn 't working , and he seems to be keeping them safe .
va	I	I preparing for our jump and I 'm going to skip telling you about the rest of the day , which consisted of Chloe .
va	O	I was aware of a couple of doorways passing on my left , and I stumbled along until I found the second one on my right .
va	O	My mother 's slender arms were replaced with muscle , and I felt myself being lifted out of the boat .
va	I	Brian was the first one she 'd encountered , but she 'd heard of them , of course .
va	O	One minute she 's telling me not to touch her , and the next minute we 're betting on a potential date thirty days from now .
va	I	He gave a wheezing gasp and his eyelashes fluttered .
va	I	It was getting crowded , and a lot of newcomers were arriving in Glace Bay .
va	O	Jake was a year older than his sister , but they were often mistaken for twins .
va	O	The air cleared and he gulped in the sweetness of it , vowing to learn the truth .
va	I	The girls rushed over to help me and I tried to crawl out of the car .
va	I	Her need for him was as great as his need for her , and Shea had a passionate nature .
va	I	I saw that my alarm was infectious , and he jumped up .
va	I	The gossip would roar through the town like a wildfire , and it took just one person , one whisper at one end of Main Street .
va	O	They 'd finished it three days ago , and now it was time to take it for a test drive .
va	I	For once , maybe Jonesy 's mouth had met its match , and she certainly wasn 't going to take any crap from this test pilot .
va	O	The movie was good , but my mind was elsewhere .
va	I	Both his arms tightened around her but Sibyl asked as she tried to break free from Colin .
va	O	The other officer on graveyard wasn 't the best Allie had ever worked with , but if there was trouble , he 'd be better than nothing .
va	I	A soft moan escaped my throat and his nearness made me weak with pleasure .
va	I	He held fast , but Aran struggled to break free of Ellis ' grip .
va	I	They 'll show you their savage nature and put a weapon in their hands .
va	I	I increased my speed to catch up and she was a blur .
va	I	Aiden 's were long , purposeful strides , but my steps were slow .
va	O	I could be overwhelmed but there were easier pickings .
va	I	If that is so , there can be no hijack , and there really should be no way to get weapons aboard .
va	O	Hannah would leave soon and his pulse would settle .
va	O	My group will start on the second floor , and the other group takes odd floors .
va	I	We 'll all keep doing bad things , and we 've all done bad things here .
va	O	He hadn 't planned to do more than kiss her , but he hadn 't expected the intensity of his own response .
va	O	He probably had warning , hearing that , but I didn 't dive forward to get away from him .
va	I	We were happy to leave her there , and she seemed absorbed in her private thoughts .
va	I	She didn 't back away from him , but she stood up as he glided to a halt in front of her .
va	O	He waved , and Sampson waved back .
va	O	She 'd always believed in creating her own destiny and she wasn 't going to stop now .
va	I	Now it 's as if waiting for me , and the girls have vacated the smooth wooden surface .
va	I	I could certainly try , but I would never be able to get close enough to him .
va	I	He caught himself , but Keith almost turned .
va	I	A giant area rug covered the center of the room , and the room was well furnished .
va	I	The sun was hot , too hot , and the smell of blood filled his nostrils .
va	I	She didn 't appreciate that it was at her expense , and the man wasn 't even trying to hide his amusement .
va	O	Her curls hung loose around her slim neck , and her eyes sparkled as she gazed at him .
va	I	She calmed down and I stroked her head for a moment .
va	I	She had nodded , eyes widening at the secret smile on his face and he 'd asked her if she could keep a secret .
va	I	A lava flow of rage poured over my emotions and his eyes seemed to burst into green flame .
va	I	Then her eyes glazed over , shutting him out , and she took a deep breath .
va	O	We kissed and I felt like I 'd bitten into an electrical wire at the feeling .
va	O	She 's talking to a woman who looks familiar , but I can 't place where I know her from .
va	O	His arm , which had been raised to knock , shot behind her to steady her , and she hastily checked her knife hand .
va	I	It vibrated with urgency , as if he were forcing himself to whisper when what he wanted to do was scream , but his voice was quiet .
va	I	Wayne had his beloved Eileen and Curt had his own girlfriend .
va	O	He had knocked her off balance , and she still hadn 't regained it .
va	O	Alicia misses her auntie , and I miss my sister .
va	I	Abby 's hands tightened on the pistol , and something howled in the distance .
va	I	I realized those were the displays from our bedrooms , and the majority of the monitors were dark .
va	O	Most people would look terrible after chugging down a bottle of liquor , but Marcus DeLuca is not most people .
va	O	No moon illuminated the land around them , and the stars were covered over by clouds .
va	O	She never looked up , but I did see a faint smile .
va	I	Her blue eyes were pleading with him and she was trembling badly in her seat .
va	I	It occurs to me that he 's talking about a lot more than just this moment , and the question hangs in the air between us .
va	O	I popped open a couple of beers , and we drank to celebrate .
va	O	Yours has a zinc coating and mine is pressed from aluminium , as most of the earlier discs were during the war .
va	O	Rome gave her a grimace but he got to his feet .
va	I	She must have noticed , because she turned red after she spoke and I flinched as she mentioned Lexi 's name .
va	I	He 'd shared his ice cream with me , and once the scoop from my ice cream cone had plopped into the lake .
va	O	I hate to admit it sometimes , but he 's actually my real brother .
va	I	I battle a few sharp stabbing branches to descent into the darkness of the jungle and my body brushes past some moist leaves .
va	I	His nervousness vanished in an instant , and he sat down at the piano .
va	O	He had to have Shay 's blood to survive , but no vampire could drink the blood of a corpse .
va	I	It was not kind , but the look was not cruel .
va	I	I would know that silhouette anywhere but I didn 't want to get my hopes up .
va	O	That unity had freaked her out before , and he was not about to make the same mistake twice .
va	I	I tried him again , hating myself for it and five minutes went by .
va	O	Solid land was at a premium even in the 1700s , and using it to bury the dead was just bad business .
va	I	Max hadn 't hesitated to come after her , but she 'd gotten them into this situation by stupidly stepping too close to the edge .
va	O	I wanted to say more but I knew I couldn 't .
va	I	She took it without questions and Julian gave her some medicine .
va	I	He couldn 't make out what it meant and this was a completely new feeling towards her .
va	I	Facts were facts , but maybe it wasn 't the right time to admit that .
va	I	Its magnificence couldn 't be imagined in its currently dismantled state but perhaps the guitar said it would .
va	O	The door opened and Karen walked in .
va	I	I do not notice as I fall with a leafy thud into the undergrowth but my legs are unsteady .
va	I	You are caught in the web , and the vampire knew you would come .
va	O	She was the abject picture of dejection and I had no idea how to handle it .
va	I	She couldn 't wait to tell him she believes in him now , and she was finally starting to see the real Benji .
va	O	She couldn 't have known what Erich really meant by that , but she sensed what I sensed .
va	I	It shattered like I 'd smashed it with a crowbar - and I grasped the smooth crystal base with my right fingers .
va	I	Cronus pulled the trigger and Zeus ' shoulders sank .
va	O	His own heart was hurting and he felt panic overcome him .
va	I	The door flung open , and there was a loud crash behind them .
va	O	His fingers are stroking my upper arm and he kisses the side of my head .
va	I	I hadn 't expected quite this level of hate , but I knew that I hadn 't exactly been beloved .
va	I	She felt her stomach go into a nervous contortion and a couple minutes later she had reached the bough where things had gone crazy before .
va	I	That was beside the point now , but he was all man , in many ways .
va	I	It didn 't , but I 'd thought that news would do something to remove the shadows from under her eyes .
va	I	He saw all the vampires in the room , and his grin faded fast as his eyes adjusted to the shadows .
va	I	Celia 's voice rang through the house and before anyone could react , it opened .
va	I	They were bound together behind her tightly and the set guys then secured her wrists with leather cuffs .
va	I	He was fully awake in half a breath and the high-pitched scream of a security breach shot him to his feet .
va	O	A dart of pain ripped through my heart and I held on to the counter tightly .
va	I	Mostly , I had the power to resurrect him , but I could not bring him back , not completely .
va	O	I knew I might be treading on sensitive territory , but I didn 't really care .
va	O	She had noticed , and it had confused her at the time .
va	I	If she did , she wasn 't talking , but sometimes , Julian thought Claudette knew about the drawer .
va	I	I blushed at the end of his speech and he took another sip of rum .
va	I	He did not let me think any different and I was just a newborn gift to him .
va	O	She looked away , obviously not wanting to talk about it , and I let the conversation drop .
va	I	Nothing would come in , but he tried to breathe .
va	I	She saw something primal flicker behind his eyes and Max 's head jerked up from his own plate .
va	O	My life is too crazy at the moment and I 'm sure you 're really stressed out as well .
va	O	Marcus 's eyes also went wide and he shifted .
va	I	To be honest , I really don 't either and the fans don 't appreciate that kind of thing .
va	I	Kira didn 't press , but that wasn 't really an answer .
va	O	Immediately the door burst open and Gannon ran inside the room .
va	I	It 's successful advertising , but this is not reality .
va	I	He shook his head , and Compassion wrinkled his brow .
va	O	Mike raised his own rifle , but the car was disintegrating before his eyes before he ever pulled the trigger .
va	O	They had their weapons in hand , ready to do the deed , but there were some who opposed them for reasons I could not understand .
va	I	I understand if you can 't come with me , and I 'm thankful for that .
va	O	It was a kiss as light as a blown leaf , but she felt a shiver far down in her bones .
va	O	Investigations were conducted for a few years but at this moment the result is classified because the situation is repeating itself .
va	I	Angie insisted on doing her part , but Preston always carried the lion 's share .
va	I	Water flooded my lungs , but I tried to scream .
va	O	The closest they could get to the salvage yard was to have some guys wearing coveralls pose as utility workers , but he was still uneasy .
va	I	I manage to keep it together and Sawyer 's fingers brush my back .
va	O	It sent a quick , sick feeling through Henrietta , and she walked over to Barney 's basket .
va	I	I dodged him , but a confused Del reached for me .
va	O	The house was isolated and Robert 's car was parked in the driveway .
va	O	They had returned to this point many times among themselves , but this was the first time they actually thought to ask me about it .
va	I	Then snow began to fall lightly , and silence held the street .
va	I	She 'd already offended her twice , and not that there was anyone left on the bus whose opinion she cared about apart from Bethan .
va	I	A plan had formed in his mind and he 'd started thinking about her last night .
va	O	It was a war against vampires and they were killing everyone that she 's ever loved .
va	I	He thought , with practice , someday he would , but his days had not been so easy to control .
va	I	My fingers plunged through empty air , but I reached out to grab her .
va	O	She didn 't want to call the boy in her memories Dustin , but that 's who he was .
va	O	I held my phone up to the sky , and the departing clouds .
va	O	I had killed , and I felt no guilt .
va	I	I was seriously ticked off by the result of her actions but on usual situations I would not be so harsh with her .
va	I	I crawled inside like a five-year-old and she held up the covers .
va	O	She forgot he needed to leave early , and it was after midnight when he carried a sleeping Isaac out the door .
va	O	Amelia 's eyes were wet , and much to her surprise , Matthew 's eyes were glistening as well .
va	O	The streets were ruthless and their rivals wouldn 't hesitate to make a move at the first sign of weakness .
va	O	I look bigger than that , but it always happens this way .
va	I	When she raised her head , she noticed the expression on Nate 's face had changed and Georgie stared at the picture for some time .
va	O	Eric puts his headphones back on and the music fills the silent club .
va	I	The threat dug deep , but I was all pleasant .
va	I	Rand held fast , but wanting to touch him , she struggled against the hands holding her captive .
va	I	Mom gave me the look , and I shrugged .
va	I	She just ... couldn 't , but she wanted to talk about that , badly .
va	I	He lacked the art of subtlety in situations like this but Stefan may be almost a thousand years old .
va	I	Without waiting fills the water glasses on the table from a water pitcher with floating lemon slices , and he asks .
va	I	She still had enough time to get things started , but it had taken her longer than she 'd anticipated .
va	O	Colton tried to speak but he could not .
va	O	I went by our little fire pit , and my stomach wrung out like the washing .
va	O	I had been instrumental in helping her reach whatever experience the Sisters had deemed necessary , but my participation was at an end .
va	I	The next , she was flying off the horse , and one second Mom was laughing .
va	O	The light on Sheridan turned off , plunging us into darkness , but when she spoke again , it was clear she hadn 't moved .
va	I	We left and when I realized this last order was an invitation to me , I accepted graciously .
va	I	He fell and his ankle gave way beneath him .
va	O	She reached her hand out to me and I took it as we climbed the stairs back up to the main entrance of the library .
va	O	Another click was heard and the voice was gone .
va	I	She cried out in a broken tone and his tongue stroked a long deep caress .
va	O	Brian had tried to talk her into staying home , but she 'd said she wouldn 't miss it for the world .
va	O	He offered Sir John a hand , but Sir John scrambled up from the ground on his own .
va	O	She babbled on and I already regretted getting into this conversation .
va	O	He 's a professional body builder , and his face looks just like Russell Crowe .
va	I	His eyes rolled back into his head and the knife slashed his throat like the sting of a thousand wasps .
va	O	His eyebrows went way up and his smile slipped a bit .
va	O	She scanned the area , but she was running out of targets .
va	I	She thought that she would almost burst as she waited for him to finish the story , and the delicate coils felt like fire to her touch .
va	O	Zach stopped at the water 's edge and Cyril ran for the dock .
va	O	I 'd thought it was a gift from Henry , a chance to allow me to say goodbye to her , and maybe part of it was .
va	O	I know there 's a lot I don 't know , but I can guess .
va	I	One of the ones in front of Mat fell , and another flash .
va	I	He wanted me to devote my life to him , and he could barely speak to me as an equal ?
va	O	The women stepped outside and Trinity gasped at the beautiful car waiting for them .
va	I	Between them the agency performed as well as could be expected and Fiona did her best .
va	I	He refused to smile , but his face seemed focused .
va	O	There was a time when I shaved it all off , but I like my hair .
va	I	I needed some space from the house , but I 'd give it a little more time .
va	I	I wasn 't about to back down , but he could burn me to death before I snapped this whip .
va	O	People sought out Sal all evening long as they arrived , and he always made a point to introduce them to Carmine .
va	O	We have monitors in the hallways , and most of us try to wear watches .
va	I	He 'd even been to a few of the games that year and because he lived in Sacramento , the Raiders were his favorite team .
va	I	She kept looking over her shoulder , trying to see if someone inside the palace was doing anything malicious and the feelings intensified .
va	I	I clutched the steering wheel at the sudden bout of anger that lit inside , and the bag on her shoulder probably weighed more than she did .
va	O	He couldn 't get a read on her and it was frustrating the hell out of him .
va	O	He could get the men organized to butcher the beached whale better than Helga could anyway and he wouldn 't complain about how she 'd found it .
va	O	It was a friendly town and Anna felt right at home .
va	I	I could feel his laughter rather than hear it and Tyler gripped me tighter .
va	O	I hated lying to my parents but there was no other explanation .
va	I	She was running on empty and she looked as if all the energy had been siphoned out of her .
va	O	The meal was delicious , but Lacy didn 't overindulge .
va	O	Then his eyes meet mine over Wilder 's shoulder , and I suck in a breath .
va	O	There were only three women who called her Charlie and she didn 't want to speak to any of them .
va	O	I glanced at the window , but the handprint was gone .
va	O	I smile politely again , but my mind is blank .
va	I	She looks scared to death and her blue eyes are enlarged .
va	I	Deep down something screamed no , and a shiver went through me .
va	O	I still volunteer at the helpline sometimes and that helps .
va	I	Down we went again , and he shouted .
va	O	She 'd seen hard bodies making use of her workout equipment , but this guy had pumped muscles that couldn 't be earned with free weights .
va	I	She had never radiated this fury , but that Cassie may have kept people at arm 's length .
va	O	He had a decision to make , and he had to make it fast .
va	I	I understand she 's going to try to run his restaurant , and father died recently .
va	O	More trips would be scheduled and more diseases would be cured .
va	I	He could smell the decay of the river , and he was running closer to the wharves now .
va	I	I knew the instant that he was completely free of its clutches and he visibly struggled to untangle himself from his dream .
va	O	It was unfamiliar territory for Peter , and he had to use his BlackBerry to get his bearing .
va	I	Having a baby right now was inconvenient , to say the least , but oh , she loved him well enough .
va	I	Yet , he was also the cutest thing , and he was such a big , tall man .
va	O	I lifted the bag onto my shoulder , without pausing , and turned on my heel to head out the way I 'd come .
va	O	I shook my head , but it made me dizzy .
va	I	He didn 't want to go through it without Alma , and he was walking into an assuredly formative experience .
va	I	My heart isn 't in it , but what an idiot , I think .
va	O	A few more officers turned away from the workstation and Renton asked one of the females to check on Stephanie .
va	I	Order had to be kept , but they didn 't deserve that kind of treatment .
va	O	He 'd gone out with a group and now he was inviting her to his place for dinner ?
va	O	I don 't think my erection ever eased from before , and it 's pressing hard against my zipper now .
va	O	The front door opens , and Edward enters .
va	O	I couldn 't do anything more than stare in shock , but Jeremiah stopped pacing at his brother 's glib statement .
va	O	She 'd played with these fools long enough and she 'd run out of time .
va	O	Trick rolls his eyes , but he 's still smiling .
va	O	Noah might like the game , and I 'd get Mel to come .
va	O	He flicked the pouch off the counter with the tip of his blade and it opened when it hit the ground .
va	O	Her full lips were pressed in a thin line , and her green eyes shone even in the moonlight .
va	O	One narrow hand pushed back the dark curtain that hung in front of her eyes , and he saw that it was a girl .
va	I	It was pissing me off that I seemed to be the only one who didn 't know what it was , and something was definitely up .
va	O	I moan , feeling like I 'm about to come , but he yanks the chain , hard .
va	O	Gabriel frowned at him , but Jem had already turned to Gideon .
va	O	A hand grabbed one of mine and she placed it on her stomach .
va	O	I went back out and John were standing there , right at the mouth , with his arms crossed .
va	O	Part of me wanted to go kick in the car 's door , but there was no time .
va	I	The fourth asks for my number of fears , and the third asks for my faction of origin .
va	O	He raised the damn belt threateningly , but I refused to cower .
va	O	He winked at her and she laughed before following him inside , to the kitchen .
va	I	She no longer cared but he kept moving toward her .
va	I	His pulsing manhood jumped inside his pants , causing him to cry out and he looked up at the red satin covering her from his view .
va	I	The Tanks stopped exercising , and the Jets gazed down at them .
va	O	The snow 's coming down faster now , and my breath is a dragon 's plume .
va	I	Another wounded before the others walked out with their hands above their head and one man was killed .
va	O	I wanted to set a date , but she said that she wouldn 't even think about it until after the results come back .
va	I	It all looks so slow from up here and I 've never flown so fast .
va	O	We had completed our circle and Izzy hovered over the creek .
va	I	The long , curly mass fell to her waist , but her red hair was pulled up in a ponytail .
va	O	She 's got a son named Julian , but I hadn 't heard about another kid .
va	O	Days passed and I waited .
va	O	He 'd more practice with watercolors , and this painting looked a bit clumsy to him .
va	I	She 'd had the nerve to throw it back in his face , and he was trying to help McKenzie against all odds .
va	I	He pulled out two and I handed him my pack .
va	I	I 'd like to make an A on the test and you said you knew this stuff really well .
va	O	She 'd once loved him with all her heart , lusted after him until it hurt , but she 'd never really enjoyed being with him .
va	I	She blamed herself for being so vulnerable to him but he was definitely taking advantage of her body 's reaction to him .
va	O	The back of my head hits the linoleum , and I roll onto my side .
va	I	I want to be sated and my insides feel like they 're on fire .
va	I	I found it a little contagious and Megan 's smiled widened .
va	O	His fingers curled in , fisting the material at my belly , bunching it up and when he had it all up , his hand moved down .
va	I	Carrie held it out of my reach , but I bolted around the table , reaching for it .
va	O	He turns his head , and a smile touches his lips .
va	O	That made him smile and he took a pull from a flask he 'd been holding in his hand .
va	O	I shook my head and he grinned at me .
va	I	I need it , but two months ago , I never would have imagined this .
va	I	The calamity had evidently shaken him , and his boss had been in attendance .
va	O	Holly reached out , and Ash echoed him .
va	O	Yesterday our birds executed a tactical strike near the Old Baltimore settlement , and sources on the ground are confirming massive Ancient casualties .
va	O	They had seen his mistake , some with shock , some with awe , and some even dared to giggle .
va	I	His face was flushed and his breathing was ragged .
va	O	Their faces were smiling but their manner was urgent .
va	I	It was irrelevant then , not so much now , but Goon 2 actually remembered me coming into the store .
va	O	I knew it would 've killed you but I tried to get to you anyway .
va	O	Her toes twitched , wanting to curl , and the brush , slick with polish , landed on her toe instead of the toenail .
va	O	He took hold of my hand once again and we ran in unison .
va	O	Gabe reached for me , but I subtly pulled away .
va	O	I hated to lie to a friend , but I couldn 't tell the truth either .
va	I	He was looking back at her , and she was gazing at Ralf Scott .
va	O	I glance sideways at him , but he only shrugs .
va	O	It would lead to hope , and I cannot allow myself to hope for something that is highly unlikely .
va	I	He slid underneath me , and I pushed myself up .
va	O	The impact spun me around , and I barely kept my balance .
va	I	I sighed and I looked at Sarah 's pleading face .
va	O	She smiled and it melted the hearts of most of the guys in the class .
va	O	The rest of the hounds , not intimidated , leapt upon the beast , and they all rolled in a big heap .
va	I	She was slamming it into the shark 's gills and it was the blade of Jenny 's knife !
va	O	He gives me a little shove toward the front door , and then he turned on her .
va	I	She clutched Gabriel 's arm tighter and a helpless noise escaped her lips .
va	O	It was peer pressure days and I had obviously lost to it .
va	O	Milton hurried to the bridge , but he already knew what was out there .
va	I	I picked it out , and he told me what size to get you .
va	O	Judging by his pained expression , there was nothing simple about it , but I didn 't press him .
va	O	It took only a few minutes to reach the airport , but the trip was the typical Peruvian obstacle course of deathtrap taxis hurtling over rutted roads .
va	O	They aren , t telling us everything , but my contacts in the sheriff , s office say they , re dealing with real professionals here .
va	I	Driving was allowed on the sandy expanse and the beach was two blocks away .
va	O	Almost every piece of the terrain was uphill on a return trip , and the Zombies were thick .
va	I	I refuse to let it go , because if I do it will slip toward shame , yet my anger melts .
va	O	I might have caused the death of hundreds of men during war , all allies , but I still had free will .
va	I	Many dilapidated framed tents were still standing , and obviously it had been a trappers ' camp .
va	O	Guards were stationed along the outer walls , but there weren 't many inside the walls .
va	O	Her eyes were swollen and she was very pale .
va	O	Its stifling presence vanished , and he could breathe again .
va	I	I knew he cared , but his voice was playful .
va	O	His eyes closed and he slept .
va	I	She decided to draw the line , but Gus might have few scruples about sharing everything .
va	O	Sometimes it 's like River and I are on our own .
va	I	They stayed with me , but her eyes narrowed .
va	I	They 'd also had some good times together , but they 'd had their differences in the beginning .
va	I	She had been spoiled rotten for the last week ... and he had decided he was going to court her .
va	I	He kept his observations to himself , but once in awhile , he thought her questions were a little strange .
va	I	Bilbo was trotting as fast as he could along the passage towards the cells , but very soon the chief guard had no keys .
va	O	All the partners were amazed , and delighted , he explained softly while glancing around the room .
va	O	She murmured my name sleepily , and my chest clenched with the degree of emotion I felt for her .
va	O	He could never stay angry at Dreamer Black for long - and he wasn 't sure if that was a good thing .
va	I	I talked like we never had any good times , but I told you about how in love I was .
va	I	His eyes were determined , but his face was forlorn .
va	I	The door quickly opened and he knocked .
va	I	He glanced down at her sharply , and the request seemed to startle him .
va	O	Sierra panicked as she looked around , but as he continued to expertly maneuver around the trails , she started to relax .
va	O	As sheriff he had to be , and he always knew what to say .
va	O	In the south you may have things confused , but here we know who the real enemy is .
va	O	My meal came , and I dug in .
va	I	She 'd never see it again , and it would probably get swallowed up .
va	I	I could think of nothing better , but it was a weak story .
va	I	Tessa giggled and Dean kissed the side of her neck .
va	O	I 'd been fidgety inside with my mom , but this was no better .
va	O	You will see plenty of need before very much longer , and I think you will agree with me .
va	I	My hands disappeared into warmth , and their voices blurred to silence .
va	O	He opened the door for me and I stepped inside .
va	I	They were keeping their distance and apparently lately their poles were the same .
va	O	My voice cracked a little and I winced .
va	O	Nick pulls a chair out for me and I take it .
va	O	He turned into the main room , and the Prince quickly walked after him .
va	O	she heard Chase scream from behind them , and the bushes rustled with his fast approach .
va	O	Sam wanted to take her on a long honeymoon , but they would do that later , after the reception .
va	I	They only needed the ruse to continue for a few seconds , but it wasn 't much .
va	I	She saw Ben fall back against the wall as if pushed by some unseen opponent , and the shot rang out in the hallway .
va	O	Some of them were even wringing their hands , and one was openly weeping .
va	O	A guard had the door open and he walked inside , laying Sidra down carefully on the sofa by the fireplace .
va	I	He shook his head , but I started to rise .
va	O	Moist was about to protest , but second thoughts intervened quickly .
va	I	It seemed Victor was above him in superiority , but I was sure Loren didn 't like that plan at all .
va	I	She certainly didn 't touch him , and Brenda somehow ended up right next to him , though she didn 't say anything .
va	O	Jessamine had not come to breakfast , claiming a headache , and Will , likewise , was nowhere to be found .
va	I	I knew he was thinking of what Eva had suffered , and that sick , stricken look filled his face again .
va	O	This will be our first face-to-face meeting in months , and I refuse to make a fool of myself .
va	I	She noticed the dark circles under his eyes , and James frowned .
va	O	He takes one look at my face and I know he knows I heard him .
va	I	Production began and the sets were built .
va	O	A.J. did her best to get through the throng but others were doing the same .
va	O	I set the alarm clock every night as a precaution , but I always woke before it went off .
va	I	You were out cold , and I woke up once .
va	I	Then I was done with the spying business , and there was only one more thing to do .
va	I	She cut him off and Alex began to protest .
va	I	They 'd fallen madly in love after they married , but he 'd once told her that his mother had been a trophy wife .
va	I	His scent drew me in , and his bare chest felt warm .
va	I	One knows where everything is and the rooms are quite standard .
va	I	She swerved again , and a pair of legs blocked her way .
va	I	Wanda has the bottom and I have the top bunk .
va	I	Then read the longitude from the GPS , and he traced the latitude reading , leaving his finger on it .
va	O	I haven 't been able to connect the pieces yet , but it looks as if Alec has already done just that .
va	I	My whole body shook and my throat went dry .
va	O	I had turned for going and I had already crossed a street piece when unexpectedly a voice recalled my attention .
va	O	Simon 's face wasn 't pale anymore , but his eyes were the tiniest bit red .
va	I	It looked Italian , but I had imagined French .
va	O	As he did , his leg brushed Romy 's , and I saw her give a little jump .
va	O	He hates that in some ways they 're more powerful than Nephilim , and I 'd bet he 's not alone in that .
va	I	This was in my opinion unnecessary , and I always said the only thing worse than BS was unnecessary BS .
va	I	Many in India use that affirmative , but it is slang .
va	I	The light at the door switched off , and the car drove away to the left .
va	I	I realised they were working , and everyone was looking at me .
va	I	Every word sounded pleasant and he whispered to her .
va	O	The only time in her life when she had been this weak was during an illness , and she wasn 't sick .
va	O	Rei felt another sharp sting on his shin and he realized that whatever they were , they hurt !
va	I	I drank it fast anyway , but the chocolate burned my tongue .
va	I	He had to turn away , and Nathan found the sight was making him physically nauseous .
va	I	The light at the front of the cabin was extinguished , and the plane slowed to a stop near a small terminal .
va	O	She hadn 't thought about how she would get out , but fortunately the side door was bolted only from the inside .
va	O	Her smile expands as her head tips forward and pieces of her hair veil around her face .
va	O	Everything in Karou 's sketchbooks was real , and the African trade beads she always wears are actually wishes .
va	O	Isaac moaned in sleep and James paused to take a deep breath .
va	I	He pushed against her , and her legs were parted .
va	I	I find myself doing so anyway , proving once again how comfortable I am with Luke , but I don 't want to either .
va	I	I 'd observed a lot of puzzling behavior , and I 'd had little sleep the night before , I 'd had a full working day .
va	I	Elizabeth jumped , every muscle in her body tense with expectation and the coals in the hearth shifted .
va	O	The unexpected loudness drummed down the empty lanes like a clap of thunder , and Shorty dropped the bottle .
va	I	Brick narrowed his eyes , and that serious , ominous look began to grow again .
va	O	Nick wanted to deny it , but he knew the truth .
va	O	Kelly tried not to smile , but he couldn 't help himself .
va	I	It had stood still for him , and Time had been good to her .
va	I	She wondered how just a simple touch could feel so good and his thumbs touched her bare skin .
va	O	The rain came and the winds howled .
va	O	He was crazy handsome , and I sighed quietly .
va	I	Out she stepped and he heard the ding of a door opening .
va	O	He looked up at me and his eyes were faintly glowing , even with the daylight streaming into the room .
va	I	The two took off as fast as they could move and Kane hooked his arm under Leo 's shoulder to support his weight .
va	I	I would simply admire her presence near me , and we 'd give shy smiles towards each other .
va	I	I can 't do that if I 'm gone , and I want to watch it .
va	O	A few kicks , and my head broke the surface .
va	I	A man has to do his duty when called , but Sure if he could have remained in his place of employment there 'd be no trouble .
va	I	He was still penned in , but the boy released his arm .
va	O	Then they had been there for many months , and hopefully they would remain , for as long as it took me to get back there .
va	O	I move to recapture his lips and this time I 'm not gentle .
va	I	Indeed he did not know where in the world to go without them , and he did not wish to desert the dwarves .
va	I	He was about to finish it , but she may have started the game .
va	O	Her head seemed clearer this morning and she had no sense of urgency .
va	I	If she could shift , it would certainly be a useful talent , but she didn 't want to revisit memories locked away , to find out .
va	O	He killed himself , but I caused it .
va	O	That ring had meant everything to him , and it hadn 't come easy .
va	O	The elevator arrived , and they stepped inside .
va	I	Even he 's toned it down since we first met so I 'm a little thrown off and that 's more Seth 's thing .
va	O	She was relentlessly buffeted by passers-by , and she began to worry about accidental pressure setting off the alert .
va	O	People moved aside as she walked toward him and I felt uncomfortable on her behalf .
va	O	I have the unmistakable feeling there 's something he 's not telling me , and my foreboding mounts .
va	O	I 'm smiling and my heart is pounding .
va	I	They had listened to that for awhile and Adam had rigged up a C.B. radio .
va	O	Iris kept glancing sideways at Brian , and he couldn 't figure out why .
va	O	She turned around , and Hughes joined her .
va	O	It might have been funny in a different situation but nothing about what was happening was funny to me .
va	I	Then I 'm slamming my fists against the panel , and I try all of them , gently at first .
va	O	It was as if a crust had fallen away from her mind , and she saw the truth as a complete , coherent whole .
va	I	She had to have it , and there was only one prize here .
va	I	There was no sound , but stumbling back , I opened my mouth .
va	I	I couldn 't stand the thought of becoming another mistake for Maggie , but I wanted her so bad it ached .
va	O	He was being polite , but now that I was here , next to Finn , I could hear the tension in his voice .
va	I	Jonah apparently had a sense of humor , as well , but he might be pretentious .
va	I	The two of them sat together without speaking , like two people who 'd run out of things to talk about , and he nodded .
va	I	I could see him and the guard stepped aside .
va	I	It 's true , but it 's beyond belief .
va	I	They do it with a toughness no one else understands , and those folks , like me , survive in the world .
va	O	She flung open the door , a smile on her face , and stopped in shock .
va	I	I laughed and Brandon grinned .
va	O	Here was a leader in this army , a general most likely , and he hadn 't a clue that she was his mortal enemy .
va	O	I remembered how the window had been dashed out of its frame , and the dead man lying below .
va	I	They did not otherwise advance toward the meal , but the animals ' gazes followed Thorn 's movements .
va	I	The moon shone directly upon the lake from above and there the clouds broke .
va	O	A small grin formed on her lips and she squeezed his hand in response .
va	O	She couldn 't sense the Lifeless bearing down on her , but ironically she felt as if she could sense the rope .
va	I	The future of their kind had been bemoaned and tears had been shed .
va	I	They looked very solid , like real people with real swords but they glowed a bit like Edmund .
va	I	There 's no way in the world I 'd start doing that for a little crush and I 'm shy .
va	O	My nipples were hard through the soft fabric of my bra , and my breathing was coming in short , excited pants .
va	O	They 'd be thrilled Tanner and I were hanging out again .
va	O	Forward was through the open tower , and that clearly would be a problem .
va	O	I know that teenagers in your society don 't get married just because they get pregnant , but your baby needs a father .
va	I	I knew he really meant it , and ' Yes , ' he said .
va	O	It was empty and they parked it right in front of the cheering crowd .
va	O	I wouldn 't have admitted this to anyone but she was my favorite .
va	I	The canister was my oasis , and my mouth was a desert .
va	O	Debbie hugged her close , and while the men were talking , they were getting to know each other .
va	I	Finally I can enjoy being with Mack , and the overwhelmed feeling I 've had for hours leaves me .
va	O	They couldn 't go inside , since the forensics team hadn 't finished gathering evidence , but Sebastian had wanted to come out here , anyway .
va	O	Jennie stood there with a stunned look on her face , and Jack wondered if she 'd ever been caught at any of her little games before .
va	I	He hadn 't been in a serious relationship for ages , but he dated occasionally .
va	O	Something was happening , but I wasn 't sure what .
va	O	She listened , and as I got to the end of the story , her lips tightened .
va	I	You have one hell of a false image of yourself , or you are either the dumbest man alive .
va	I	I 'll sign off , and give me the ledger .
va	O	All she 'd done was fly halfway around the world to meet him at his request and now he was irritated for some mysterious reason .
va	I	He 'd obviously understood , and she 'd tried to lighten the intensity with her beach romp .
va	I	Made into one , but what it had been like to not be born a Lassiter .
va	I	I already knew that , but I was being an idiot .
va	O	He became invisible , but she did not .
va	I	That was pretty much where their similarities ended , but both cities had numerous tall buildings .
va	I	She wasn 't there before , but she was in her home city .
va	I	Soon chaos would follow , and if these were not forthcoming the city would be in dire straits .
va	I	Guri had to hold up his hand for silence , just to be able to ask a few questions and there was an immediate buzz of disbelief .
va	O	Whatever happened tonight would be a tragedy for her , but he couldn 't jeopardize his mission for a lone human female .
va	I	I sighed and she cuddled up to me .
va	O	He shoots Ian a sharp look , but Ian doesn 't seem to notice .
va	O	Whatever I did , he did and that 's how it was going to stay .
va	O	I asked about Peter , and she said someone would explain everything to me at the next meeting .
va	I	I will reply in haste as soon as I return and Do write back .
va	I	Those blue eyes held hers and he 'd removed the shades .
va	O	It had always been just the two of them , and the thought of trying to cope alone was unbearable .
va	I	The bottom of his pants ride up and he crosses his leg over his knee .
va	I	She laid herself down on top of my back and I lay down on my stomach .
va	O	Further study should only lead me to ordination and the priesthood 's no more fit for a noble heir than is it suited to my inclinations .
va	O	This shouldn 't come from nowhere , because we 've both been fighting with the girls a lot recently , but it does .
va	I	Before he could catch the bear , Serre pulled his brother back out of range , but Wren lunged at Dev .
va	I	His voice sounds strained and Nicholas gasps through his agonizing moans .
va	I	She 's already with one of my brothers , and I just broke up with that girl I was dating , Abby .
va	O	The boom of the shot was startling in the forest , but no birds took flight .
va	O	The apartment had been vacant for about a month now , and usually they were rented pretty quickly because of the location .
va	I	He didn 't stop until he reached her towers and by the time he got to Manhattan he was running .
va	I	She 'd suddenly become 2 percent more interesting , but Simone 's bland demeanor hadn 't lit up exactly .
va	O	I roll my eyes and I hear Sven chuckle .
va	O	Mase frowned and the dimple in his left cheek disappeared .
va	O	A strangled sob escaped his throat , the sound causing her to grip him tighter , and she whispered quietly as he cried in her arms .
va	I	He reached inside his jacket and his fingers drummed on the table .
va	O	A sudden blow struck the back of his head and he fell forward onto his knees , grunting in pain .
va	O	It was a long time before I finally did , and by then it was too late for my mother .
va	O	Her h * ps began to undulate , and he saw she had her hand between her thighs .
va	O	I 'll keep working with her over the next few days , but I suspect she 's never going to get this .
va	O	It is your responsibility to deal with these things , and if something goes wrong , it is your fault .
va	I	She seemed unconcerned about events back home and her phone was off .
va	O	The evening autumn sun blazed across the hills , and all I could think was I 'm too late .
va	O	His vibe is intense , but he 's not creepy .
va	I	I forced it back as well , but the slight movement made a different kind of heat pulse through my body .
va	I	We should bring a possible error to his attention but we don 't decide where to put a story .
va	I	Then she was removing my clothes , and she was sobbing in my arms .
va	I	Then they come back , but that kids pull away , a lot .
va	O	The door creaked open and a young woman stuck her head out .
va	O	I try to make the food better and I get a black eye .
va	O	We hadn 't been that close but her death had bonded us .
va	O	He sent a message from his chamber to the reporters that he would not take the meeting and the chief reporter should go ahead with it .
va	O	Sarah 's hand went to her throat and she felt a stutter in her chest .
va	I	Try as she might to banish it , she couldn 't , and more terrifying than anything she 'd seen .
va	I	They eat it together and he cooks for all his people .
va	O	She had gumption and I loved that .
va	I	Then I would be on my own until lunchtime , and at least I could follow her to our class .
va	I	His features showed it and he was in anguish .
va	I	Relief flooded through his entire body , and Ty 's eyes locked on Zane 's .
va	I	She believed she had everything pretty much pieced together , but the big soldier certainly wasn 't offering any explanations .
va	O	Jas said still trying to struggle but the sheriff had him held tightly .
va	I	It would be all over , and if I am to make one sudden move , they would fire .
va	O	I knew he had to be hurting and that was why I had started sending the letters .
va	O	I thought Conner would say something smart about Ty since he walked away , but instead , he walked up to me .
va	I	She was nothing like what I 'd expected , and I 'd found that girl next door .
va	I	My lips kissed her face , and my arms closed around her .
va	I	Stefan could be impossible sometimes , and oh , Matt was stubborn .
va	O	I notice that Tobias does not join in the chant , and neither does Christina .
va	O	We 're alive , and he 's not .
va	O	He blinks away tears , but they roll down his cheeks anyway .
va	O	Annalise looked at her hands , and she bit back her lips .
va	O	Julian beamed up at his mother , and she kissed him on the forehead .
va	I	Ice 's mom sank into it , asking what the doctors said and Nik moved a chair near the bed .
va	O	His fingers caught the throbbing bundle of nerves and he played there .
va	I	She heard the rattle of chains and he lifted one leg .
va	I	The pressure rises to the level of explosion , and we reach our cars .
va	O	Conner didn 't say anything and I didn 't give a damn .
va	I	We know what it 's like to be stuck with the smart ass kid in need of an attitude adjustment and we 've all been there .
va	I	I was so excited for them , and the crowd seemed to love their sound .
va	O	I don 't answer , but I 'm thinking of Ryan .
va	I	Of course he wouldn 't know who she was , but Whitney looked up at her with no recognition whatsoever .
va	I	The vehicle lunged forward , and the tires found traction .
va	O	My legs are burning from the exertion and my head is beginning to feel faint .
va	I	They had different dreams , but they were both dreamers .
va	I	Her fingers itched to do something with it , and he had a lock of hair falling over his forehead .
va	I	That made her wonder , and the Origin story didn 't cover that .
va	I	Turned to walk away , and * * * She placed the food in front of her husband .
va	I	The man in the golf cap studied him calmly , and Norton swung on him , as if to say something sharp .
va	I	The place catered to a skeevy clientele that made even Cara , a seasoned cop , uncomfortable , and what lighting existed was minimal .
va	O	The rebels stand in ruins , defeated , and begging for mercy .
va	O	Settling himself against the barn door , he began to write out his notes but he couldn 't get far because his mind was on A.J. .
va	O	His blood was pumping and his mood had improved .
va	O	I need to think and movement helps .
va	I	She smiled , glancing around the farm and Mariah heard the hesitant pride in his voice .
va	I	The paper Señor Diego had signed , and he mentioned the letter to Juanita .
va	I	I did not wish to listen as my anger had taken hold of me , but I agreed with Clarissa 's assessment .
va	O	I retrieved it and this opened up .
va	O	The man was speaking to me but I had no idea what he meant .
va	I	I just didn 't care , and I was all too aware that Bill could see how desperate I was to know more about her .
va	I	He didn 't think either of them would explain , but Neil wanted to ask why Kevin held onto it .
va	O	Stephan almost shared his initial reaction , but then he saw Nicole 's expression .
va	I	The odds seemed slim , but he knew it might be a trap .
va	I	It 's Riko 's name on his leash , and he 's a pet .
va	I	The woman may not need his help , and he might not be wearing his uniform .
va	O	His brooding gaze revealed his thoughts , and when he looked at her , his expression softened perceptibly .
va	O	He rocked us in the swing until my tears ran dry and my eyelids began to droop .
va	O	Everything was as it should be , but I still looked at first one diner , then another .
va	O	He hadn 't known about the demise of his previous relationship , however , and Sarah 's infidelity had intrigued him .
va	I	There is no exchange of words but we sit at the kitchen table .
va	I	I tried to help him by paddling as well , but my arm felt super limp .
va	I	The church filled with sudden tension , and people sensed that they were about to witness a dramatic scene .
va	O	He was going to be a father and he didn 't even know .
va	I	It was Jake and my phone rang .
va	O	Lucky looked back at me and her eyes were disapproving .
va	I	A few were still getting up to speed , but it seemed as if all the gears in his head were turning .
va	O	Such a man always knows all officials , and in a few minutes he was standing by the fire in the ticket collector 's office .
va	I	His seriousness makes me feel like an omega begging the alpha for my life but I want to laugh .
va	I	In the end , the entire situation would serve a greater purpose because I finally knew which path to take , but the pain would be temporary .
va	I	A perimeter was quickly established and those of the Forest were then ferried to shore .
va	O	As far as he was concerned , it was all in the past and there was no harm in telling Jake all about it .
va	O	He 's sprouted to a height of six foot four , and people always notice him .
va	I	He didn 't move , although the muscle in his jaw did , but she stood there for what seemed like an eternity , watching him .
va	I	Quickly quiets us down to get back to the lesson , but we are a mass of questions .
va	O	Max found the dimples in her cheeks strangely endearing , childlike , and he smiled himself , feeling a wave of indulgence towards her .
va	I	It does , and it 's meant to flatter me .
va	I	It was now near dark , and the sun had dipped below the horizon .
va	O	The moonlight was behind them and the shadow of the train was cast over the ground .
va	I	I jerked them away before the slimy liquid touched them and Fluid flowed toward my feet .
va	I	She felt lost facing all that silence and the gun was dying in her hands .
va	O	She gives us a funny look as Tristan steps back , stuffing his hands into his pockets , and I start picking at my nails .
va	I	We 'll just put you on clean-up duty and I 'll be in charge of making meals .
va	I	An uneasy stillness descended upon the alley and the echo of footfalls subsided .
va	I	You will need to present this card in order to eat and you will be authorized three meals per day .
va	O	What lay on the other side he had no idea , but there was only one way to find out .
va	I	Isaac saw no reason not to get started on his own , but he hadn 't arrived yet .
va	O	I don 't know why , but I liked that masculine jealousy .
va	O	It seemed to come from farther down the hall , and all three heads turned in that direction .
va	O	The big man beside her still had his arm around her and Alex liked it .
va	I	Then the prow was hitting the shingle , and the journey to shore only took about three minutes .
va	O	They thought the whale had died afterwords , but they had tried .
va	O	It was me crying , but my voice sounded foreign to my ears .
va	O	He realized how it sounded , but it was a knee-jerk reaction .
va	O	You won 't be able to practice , but you will have a huge effect on health care nonetheless .
va	I	Balthazar felt a small thrill of triumph , and the angry flash in his eyes threatened to shake his composure for the first time .
va	O	The noise coming from the monitor was now a continuous loud tone and the beeping had stopped .
va	I	It is three o ' clock and he looks at the wall clock .
va	I	Gavin moved a split-second faster , but Sabrina reached for the bill .
va	I	Maybe she would go away and he wanted to just sit .
va	I	He knew she had no idea of the reality , but raven had heard his words , all of which held truth .
va	I	Yet he 'd noticed them and they were no different to the scores of other dirty , barefoot strays , two shifting shadows .
va	O	She hadn 't heard him come back , but she was so glad to see him .
va	O	She hit a snag and he grimaced .
va	I	The sudden warmth in his cheeks hinted that this might be an exception , but Jason was not one to blush .
va	I	I knew my cheeks were probably bright red , but I busied myself with folding jeans into my bag .
va	O	Bulldog angled his phone forward and Sparrow flew towards the door .
va	I	I would find plenty of souls to speak to and this way I had a reason to be there .
va	I	I could taste more of the sugar and it was cold .
va	O	The windows all started to rattle and Al ran out of his study to the kitchen door .
va	I	She had also known what was coming , but yesterday now seemed like a century ago .
va	O	It was gone quickly and he was smiling again .
va	O	They were the ones calling the shots and she did not obey neither object .
va	I	His hands were trembling and I could tell that his vision was blurred .
va	I	The fifty was just icing on the cake , and the thrill came in the humiliation it brought .
va	O	I was his muse , but there was nothing more .
va	O	Tatiana looked as though she had calmed down since their last meeting , and she even looked less haggard .
va	O	It 's the way I dream of being with him , of touching him , but Sean doesn 't typically allow it .
va	I	He didn 't really expect to win , but he generally lost .
va	I	He slowly started to relax and I let him ease into my palm .
va	I	There 's nothing we can do about that , but it might have been him .
va	O	Originally he had hoped to make it full colour but that would have been far too expensive .
va	O	The rumor mill was utterly devoid of any information about any sort of retaliatory strike , but Jeffrey knew it happened .
va	O	I know it is safely hidden at St. Heath 's Row , but Lilith will not rest until she gets the book in her possession .
va	I	It wasn 't particularly comfortable , but we fell into silence .
va	O	I couldn 't think much more about it right now or I probably would start freaking out .
va	I	It spoke to me on an innermost level , and I could feel the truth in his words .
va	I	I wished I hadn 't come over and she wiped her eyes with shaky fingers .
va	I	I laughed , but Ash frowned at him .
va	I	I wasn 't sure how it would sound over the phone and I got a wild hare .
va	O	I didn 't want it because I cared about my husband and this feeling ran deep .
va	O	The carriage finally approached , and Breeze sighed in relief .
va	O	My heart shivered in my chest , but I forced myself to stay calm .
va	I	She knew that and he never would .
va	O	Harriet , I knew , would be at the blaring TV and I couldn 't think clearly with some game show host shouting .
va	I	I pull on his hand , but he starts to get up .
va	I	My days bright and I was dating the perfect guy , a man who made my toes curl at night .
va	O	Kate looked at him but his face didn 't give anything away .
va	O	Truly the man had something of an attitude problem , and she had to wonder how he 'd made it to sergeant .
va	I	Helen was stunned when the charm she 'd witnessed that first night reappeared and he introduced her to several of his vice presidents .
va	O	I 've known her for years and she 's been such a help to me lately .
va	I	He 'd missed most of his own wedding night as well and it was well past midnight .
va	I	I scrambled under Scott 's arm , but okay , maybe I did .
va	O	Jakob stopped in front of us , and he stared at me .
va	I	You probably would have survived but it was close .
va	I	How he never failed to say We missed you last week and he was always surprised by the firm grip of his mother 's pastor .
va	I	I tried not to show it , but my heart lurched at the name .
va	O	He gave her a tilted smile , and her pulse fluttered .
va	O	When I met Shirley Temple , she was an eighteen-year-old grown-up , and she was a delight .
va	I	His wound was bleeding again rather more profusely , and he seemed to be about to lose consciousness .
va	I	You find no one else in the company knows how to do what they do and you 're employees leave .
va	O	My pulse picked up speed , and a rush of excitement washed over me .
va	I	It will spread and Fire is power .
va	I	Michael shook his head , but Eve looked to him .
va	O	The room started to vibrate a little and that 's when I started to worry .
va	O	Call me crazy , Reyes , but this is really turning me on .
va	I	It was not me he looked at , but he looked down , then up .
va	O	Her eyes glazed over , and she hastily looked down .
va	O	They were escorted to a table and Dante pulled the chair out for her .
va	O	A ridiculous urge to giggle rolls over me and I take a deep breath to halt it .
va	I	That was the game of golf , but his result was disappointing considering all the concentration .
va	I	Her words were kinder , but her meaning wasn 't much different from what Winston 's had been the previous evening .
va	I	Then there 'd be hell to pay , and he 'd end up hurting one of them .
va	I	I see her eyes track there too , and my eyes get stuck on a smudged handprint Wilder left on the glass .
va	O	He was talking to himself but it really didn 't matter .
va	O	For a moment Jaime thought the man might try to bolt , but he didn 't .
va	O	You were all I could see then , and you 're all I can see now .
va	I	I turned to get it as Robin sauntered out my gate , waving a casual hand to the two detectives and the phone rang inside .
va	O	My hands move to cover my stinging hindquarters and I turn to stare at him , gaping .
va	O	Parker could imagine her pointy chin poking out as she tried to contain her anger , and he felt a thrill .
va	I	She doesn 't get out , but Van 's hand moves to the door handle .
va	O	She 's been missing since yesterday , and I haven 't heard from her .
va	I	She couldn 't breathe and she imagined doing such work .
va	I	You get what I mean but I 'm exaggerating about the ability to fit underneath a door .
va	I	Denny was waiting for us at the airport , and chapter 21 We finally arrived back in New York .
va	O	I wouldn 't accuse him of anything , but I wouldn 't fully trust him either .
va	O	She made to move but Johnny caught her wrist .
va	O	She 'd mastered an expressionless face and she was wearing it then .
va	I	He just shrugged and I looked at Blake .
va	O	It was an obvious brotherly concern , but still , a girl could dream .
va	O	She heard thunder clashing in the distance , and automatically she tightened her arms around him .
va	I	His senses were alert but he buried his head in his newspaper to distract his thoughts .
va	O	No new silver had dripped into his body , but the ones she 'd left had made progress .
va	I	We didn 't even slow down but I broke my arm during training .
va	I	She 'd have no reason to contact him tomorrow , and they 'd have no time to talk .
va	I	There one stood before the bearded hunter , but they were thought to be extinct , eradicated .
va	O	The line went dead and I just stood there , shocked .
va	I	I must 've shown discomfort , but I tried not to wince .
va	O	You were in the backseat where it 's safer , and I was tired of arguing with you .
va	I	I had a hard time accepting it but I remembered Preston 's reasons why Marcus was drunk .
va	I	I pushed them away and I felt tears prick the back of my eyes .
va	I	A knock on the door interrupted me , but I was about to tease him about possibly going with a tiger striped look instead .
va	O	I don 't know your cousin , and I don 't like him either .
va	I	It might also end the rising boxer known as Specter , but Payton knew that it might not only end the match .
va	O	I 'm twenty-three years old , and I want to get married .
va	O	Hours had passed and the small fire had become just a small flame .
va	O	Her drab face lit up , and I had to give her credit for not pushing the matter until I settled my other business .
va	O	It felt normal , but that made sense .
va	O	I really want to know what the kid was in for , but I would never ask .
va	O	His father had made him go insane , or the drug dealer had sold him something that had unleashed demons that he couldn 't control .
va	I	She knew , and now she felt his maliciousness focus on her , on Farooq .
va	O	Practice hadn 't been that grueling , but she felt so tired , like all of her limbs were weighted down with bricks .
va	I	I can 't find Stinky Pete 's favorite toy and the shelves in the family room are dust free .
va	I	At the same time , her instincts were most likely right , but she knew that was foolish .
va	I	It became a convincing enough conference room , but the setup was by no means extravagant .
va	I	They broke up , but he was engaged for some time .
va	O	The skin was unbroken and the damage was confined to his left hand , the one he lashed to the bull .
va	O	I 'm positive Trajan knows that he 's coming , but he never takes his eyes off me .
va	I	Then again , they could never understand , but it might not make sense to everyone .
va	I	I wondered if instead of trying to keep trouble out , it preferred to invite it in , and the door groaned open , welcoming me in .
va	O	Her soft voice was like music to my ears , but I had to try to resist it .
va	I	I felt awful , but this was a high point in my career .
va	O	The guard 's footsteps sounded outside , and Jenny stood up , a polite , even conciliatory , smile fixed on her face .
va	O	It 's not like he and I are close .
va	O	It had started very badly , but the ending had been satisfactory .
va	I	His expression warmed and their eyes locked .
va	I	On the cusp of this transition I think I understand why you were taken away , and it is time now to say good-bye .
va	I	Of course I knew the answer , but for the hundredth time , I asked myself why I was giving Sebastian so much control .
va	O	He didn 't get it and he would never get it .
va	O	She knew they wanted her to invite them along , but excluding them was the whole point .
va	I	The nightmares were making it hard , but I knew I needed to be there for Hunter .
va	O	She attempts to sound irritated but I can hear the smile in her voice .
va	I	He didn 't try to close them himself , but he wondered why the doctors hadn 't closed her eyes .
va	O	Zane 's voice rose and I pinched him .
va	O	They tried to buy into Castro , and when it didn 't work out they decided to come here .
va	I	I touched them for reassurance , but he couldn 't see my scars .
va	O	Neither of them spoke to Todd but there were definite daggers as he left them , without acknowledgement , at the door .
va	O	Every time you did something that benefitted you , and you alone .
va	I	It felt good just to be outside , and it was an attractive sunny September day .
va	I	They started their march toward the factory entrance , and sergeants from the other squads signaled their readiness .
va	O	I have no idea how I got there , and the last thing I remember was this woman .
va	I	I also didn 't want my fantasies involving Zayne to occupy my mind right now and I really did need to cram for this test .
va	O	She knew she couldn 't tell Gio what had happened , but she needed to see him .
va	I	Evan knew it , and Brent was harmless .
va	O	I would continue as we are but I would make an effort to reconcile on one level .
va	O	I know that we shouldn 't dwell on that now , but I am scared .
va	I	I managed to stay upright , but my muscles screamed in protest .
va	I	We might have enough men now to get it out , but it 's in some deep storage .
va	O	She 'd expected the large diamond to look gaudy on her hand , yet the unique ring looked perfect .
va	O	They could ask Tam for a description , of course , but Jack had no doubt changed his look over the years .
va	O	I didn 't even know this girl and she was berating me for being stupid .
va	O	You should definitely stay and bond with your dad more .
va	O	It has strained our heartstrings to watch our loved ones sail away , but there is no time for us to indulge in grief .
va	I	She almost screamed and suddenly there was a knock on her tank .
va	I	The wreckage began raining down on their heads , and the forest caught fire .
va	I	My gut told me Lilla was the instigator , and there had been a fight in this room .
va	I	She popped her head up over the surface , and as it surrounded her she found her nerves loosening up .
va	O	You are the center of my world and you always will be .
va	O	Caleb stared at Maya , and she stared back .
va	I	Jeanette nodded , and Rachel squealed .
va	I	She found it hard to breath and she could feel the tears building up in her eyes .
va	I	The sight remained but she blinked twice .
va	O	She was smart enough to sense this story wasn 't easy , and he appreciated her letting him tell it his way .
va	O	She looked sincere , but she was also emotional .
va	O	My fingers tangle in his hair , and I try to pull his head up so I can see his eyes .
va	I	Gray sunlight slanted through the window , and by then the rain had stopped .
va	O	He might just be saying it to make me happy and I 'll take it .
va	O	He looks at me and his eyes narrow .
va	O	I didn 't expect him to answer , but he did , after a small hesitation .
va	O	She 's not smiling but neither is anyone else .
va	O	I 've awakened the beast inside her and I want her to submit to every touch , every kiss I give her .
va	O	I 'd have her supply my house entirely , but my chef would never speak to me again .
va	I	She would never get shit from me , and her lifestyle would take a drastic change .
va	O	I loved colorful people , and it sounded like Johnny was going to fit the bill nicely .
va	I	They 'd be stuck walking in the dark and she was worried the little car wouldn 't make it .
va	O	I squirmed to get away , but he only held me harder .
va	I	She was the star rodeo rider and she was riding the guy like he was a bucking bronco .
va	O	She left a lot out , but it was enough for them .
va	I	I 'm not sure , but it sounds like JT .
va	I	He didn 't feel it coming from his mouth , but Cade could hear himself screaming .
va	I	That 's all , but I wish I knew more .
va	I	She got this bad feeling in her stomach , and Kylie asked .
va	O	Her parents would have preferred an Ivy League education if she were going to leave , but Devon hadn 't gotten into the Big Three .
va	I	She blossomed under his attention , and there was no mistaking he held Charming on a pedestal .
va	I	The rough stone floor dug into her bare feet , and the smoke from the torch made her eyes sting .
va	I	I knew that I was dead , and there was silence .
va	I	She still knew I was there , but Sulla had her back to me .
va	O	Emily nudged Hanna , and she staggered to her feet .
va	O	He didn 't offer me a smoldering look , and neither did he appear ready to laugh at my silly attempts to flirt with him .
va	I	My heart rate picked up , and I looked at him sharply .
va	O	He pondered that for one short second , and then his wide smile stretched across his face .
va	O	Then he shows up at your doorstep right after said date , and you sleep together for the second time .
va	I	It still wasn 't terror , but Surprise was hovering in the classroom , in the eyes , in the hands .
va	I	She needed to be totally sure , but Mary knew her future was with him .
va	I	He knew he was correct , but Tony tried to comfort Jackson .
va	I	The archers released their arrows at the same instant and Hywel pointed .
va	I	He doesn 't say that , but like you just did , Willem thinks .
va	O	It 's then that I turn to Lila and my eyes fill with tears .
va	I	He did now , but he wasn 't one to openly display his feelings .
va	I	This was about the principle of the matter , but not that it would do him much good .
va	O	My inbox beeped and I flipped back .
va	I	All thought when she was around , and he lost all his reason , all sanity .
va	I	Garrett had always thought it incredibly appropriate , and his Comanche mother had named him Raven Eyes .
va	O	I guess they deserve it if they are , but it seems so barbaric .
va	O	He had already called her first thing that morning and when he had spoken to her , she 'd had no plans to go out .
va	I	Sibyl waved it on its way and he pushed back the thought as he saw the Ford take off .
va	O	I had never done that before , and I 've never done it since .
va	I	They glided through the doors , and he handed off the pair of tickets Brady had left with them .
va	I	I won 't bother reading them and those emails are addressed to you .
va	O	The man gasped , and his eyes grew even wider .
va	O	Joan tried to follow but she ran head long into her father .
va	I	Something happens that I 've never seen before , and the Guardian on the floor howls in pain .
va	O	His voice turned serious , and he thanked me again , assuring me he understood that such confidences were challenging .
va	I	The woman calling herself Jane had paled , and she 'd taken one look at him .
va	I	She was sure she wasn 't , but he sighed as if she was misinterpreting .
va	I	Worse things , worse things live there too ; but orcs , yes always Orcs .
va	O	He can 't do much now , but once things get sorted out a bit he can get it done .
va	O	She stepped menacingly towards him , but fortunately for Crispin , Michael 's restraining hand on her arm stopped her from proceeding .
va	I	One of the receivers took off and they tossed the football to me .
va	O	Henrietta wanted to giggle at him , but now was not the time for giggling .
va	O	His mother was saying something to him , but his eyes were glued on me .
va	I	The family was too big not to have a huge wedding , and she refused to listen , claiming that a winter wedding would be beautiful .
va	I	Yet he could not touch me and his force crushed into my power .
va	I	Your picture proves it and there 's a difference .
va	O	I moved toward her , but she moved back to the same degree .
va	I	We take a seat inside , where it is all soft shadows , and he selects a quiet cafe a few blocks from Adele 's building .
va	O	The dog heeled at his feet and Thorn stroked his forehead .
va	O	Hale said , and the forced chuckles morphed into sighs of disbelief .
va	O	He 'd go out of his way to make sure I was okay but I was afraid he 'd never let his own heart get over it .
va	I	Encircling the cuffs , and a dark green knee-length winter coat with faux fur around the collar , down the front .
va	I	Its absence clearly distressed Terri , but I didn 't see the significance of the missing tablet .
va	O	The larger hospital downtown took most of the serious trauma cases , but we still had enough to keep me busy .
va	O	His thumbs wrap around the front , across my hip bones , and his fingers reach down to the middle of my butt cheeks .
va	I	Mack is standing way too close to me , and the sun is going down .
va	O	She looked at Lauren , and there was an almost liquid softness in her brown eyes .
va	O	She 'd never been friends with the other woman , but they 'd gone through eleven years of school together .
va	I	The price was right , and he had a car .
va	I	Devon rolled his eyes as Cassie giggled and Julian snorted .
va	I	He didn 't care , but the paintbrush clattered to the floor .
va	O	Cody inspected the sconces that lined the walls but the torches had all burned down long ago .
va	I	The warmth of the sun helped to take the chill out of the slight breeze , but the day had turned cooler .
va	O	The sun was on its home run and the air carried a hint of cooling .
va	O	His shoulders remained tense and he didn 't look away .
va	O	I trust her a lot and I don 't know why .
va	I	After I consented to the decision too , he let it go , but he was confused .
va	O	Marcia looked confused again , and it really was a very pretty confusion .
va	I	She looked straight ahead , avoiding his gaze , but he bent to say some words to Maureen .
va	I	I can 't even seem to find one full piece , but I cringe as I try to put the pieces together .
va	O	The cold air should have cleared her head , but he moved his body very close to hers , shattering what little composure she had left .
va	I	My balance left and the world moved .
va	O	Fal ing in battle meant death for us , and we 'd never had to consider anything else .
va	I	His mask was pulled back on his forehead , but Buzz was still in his wetsuit .
va	O	I drop my head back and she gives me a towel .
va	I	She saw him shaking , and Garen was breathing hard .
va	I	Once her eyes adjusted to the darkness , she looked toward the space between the loosely drawn curtains , and she turned off the lamp .
va	O	A loud pop is heard , and the dart hits its mark .
va	O	Adele handed over a pad of paper and Winkler pulled a pen from his pocket .
va	I	She could feel the questioning from him , tickling her mind and Jaime trailed behind her .
va	I	Then turned to her friend , Donna and cathy scowled for a second .
va	I	It looked like it was going to rain , and the clouds in the sky were rolling in .
va	I	I could barely see him , and the clouds would move over the half-moon .
va	O	He offered Hartley a gun but the Pilot presented his right forearm as though it was the only weapon he needed .
va	I	She couldn 't get her next story down on paper fast enough and after she sat down at her desk , the words started to flow .
va	O	I should have stayed in the city , but then I 'd never find out anything .
va	O	He was safe , and he was outside .
va	O	My heart was telling me to kiss her , but my head was telling me to walk away .
va	I	I assumed they were heading for their cars so they could follow me , and I watched as some of the paparazzi scattered .
va	O	St. Catherine needs a new mayor , and the friendly local murderers have decided that one of them should take the office .
va	I	It was supposed to work out , and this was perfect .
va	I	Why did he keep calling her Marianna , but it could be just coincidence , a very strange one ?
va	I	There was no substituting the actual image , but I 'd imagined their faces countless times .
va	I	Russ licked his hands and Sam crouched to pet him .
va	O	They stepped out on the porch and she could see that was true .
va	O	I remembered the way he looked at me when we first met , and the way he 'd smiled at me yesterday .
va	I	I were secretly dating anyway and it 's not like Zeke .
va	I	Without conscious thought , I opened up to him , and his words were whispered in my ear .
va	I	Doing so only makes her laughter more difficult to contain , but I elbow her to hold her snickers .
va	O	She 'd quickly grasped that Vaughn was attracted to this woman , and she could understand why .
va	O	She could imagine victory , but the satisfying image dissipated as the clock on the wall continued to tick .
va	I	They didn 't make the Wild Card and they 're not in the playoffs anyway .
va	O	The boy went first , without saying anything , and nobody knows what became of him .
va	I	Its doors opened and the lift tinged .
va	I	Its like she smelled me but I tried to get closer .
va	O	It gradually became clear that there would be no quick end to the journey , and she found her mind drifting .
va	O	At first , I thought he was teasing , but one look at his face told me he wasn 't .
va	I	I cringed as it headed toward an upstairs window , and it soared back toward him .
va	I	He realized what an ass he 'd made of himself and Trenton sized him up for a moment , before his shoulders relaxed .
va	I	This was not something that the master had ever asked for before , but it understood this .
va	I	It 's thick , but I slide the blood around between my fingertips .
va	O	Samantha might not be an actress , but she was doing a hell of a job now .
va	I	I told them all romantic nonsense to keep them happy and they all wanted to get their futures told of course .
va	O	I knelt down in front of the little girl , and I noticed the bottom of her dress was smudged with dirt .
va	O	You attacked an unarmed Fallen , and he didn 't attack you back , not one time .
va	I	For a moment , we were the only two people there , and a blush heated my cheeks as his smile deepened .
va	I	I knew he hadn 't always lived a privileged lifestyle , but it was hard to imagine Vincent roughing it after having seen his house .
va	I	We ran into each other there , but we didn 't go together .
va	O	Harry didn 't want to revisit this and his eyes wandered looking for some other subject .
va	O	My cheeks heat as I say it , but I don 't want to retract it .
va	O	For an instant , dread filled me , but strangely , his roughness turned me on .
va	O	Night had fallen and a few stars twinkled overhead as I stared over the city .
va	I	Gently , very gently , bit her ear and he put his hand on her hip .
va	I	She was profoundly grateful , and he 'd agreed to come speak at her little church on the needs of the homeless .
va	I	This time it was not firing in the direction of the house but the rifle from the barn barked again .
va	O	I missed Ma something fierce and she 'd only been gone a few days .
va	I	I tossed it into the nearest trash can without regret and we all stood .
va	I	I had an urge to run my fingers down each ripple , and his abs looked so pronounced .
va	O	There weren 't many people taller than Vane , but Ash was one of them .
va	I	I could never abandon him and this was Colt 's child .
va	I	It has and they was afraid it was going to happen !
va	O	I don 't look forward to it , but part of this new leaf that I 've turned over means that I will not throw a fit .
va	O	The damn tears prick my eyes again , and I just start shaking my head , incapable of any other response .
va	O	It had taken awhile , but I felt something .
va	O	A poor , tortured soul was not his normal victim , but his murderous mind never seemed to stop .
va	O	I wouldn 't hurt them and they could take my weirdness .
va	O	I keep my distance but I follow , too .
va	O	He said , ' Judith wanted to put it off for today , but I think we have to tell you .
va	I	Misty knew she 'd wanted to die , but her sister had blamed the local hospital .
va	I	Emotionless anymore , they lingered and his eyes weren 't flat .
va	O	Well , I didn 't scream none , but I wanted to .
va	I	His concern for Claire overrode all other rational thought , but he recognized the need to tamp them down .
va	I	We had to march , but the sky looked dreadful .
va	I	Alex steered clear of the kitchen altogether , but Haley occasionally got the idea to cook .
va	I	She wasn 't wearing them , and her own were filthy .
va	I	There was more than a hint of cruelty in his pale eyes , and Petr knew I 'd get in trouble .
va	O	I suspected earlier after talking to Hit , but I didn 't want to believe it .
va	O	By Aran 's count they had more than enough water to last them for the winter , but he still used it with caution .
va	O	These men will probably be watching you to make sure I don 't return but they won 't bother following you around the world .
va	I	It surprised me that Billy would stoop to claiming that , and there was much more to this than an unrequited crush .
va	I	He nodded in response , and I glanced up at Stefan .
va	O	At this point I could have given directions to the driver , but he seemed perfectly able to find the way on his own .
va	I	It was obvious that the storm was about to break but Jeremy immediately wanted to go ashore .
va	I	It was also many , but it was one voice .
va	O	He 'd never felt so helpless and it wasn 't a pleasant feeling .
va	O	The adrenalin was hardly pumping in my system and I felt for sure this would be so easy .
va	I	That pissed him off , and he was barely winded .
va	O	She was warped by her anger , and the desire for revenge fueled her .
va	O	We stopped and I shoved away from him .
va	O	There was a cut on his left temple and a streak of blood had dried dark on his jaw .
va	I	Her expressive eyes betrayed an inner unhappiness , but Carly smiled for the camera .
va	O	I tried , but I couldn 't move his hand any further .
va	O	I 'd rather be comfortable , and this was about as comfortable as I could get .
va	I	Her lips curled in a small , reluctant smile , but Nicole pressed the button to raise the glass partition .
va	O	Noah 's expression remained skeptical , but he didn 't say anything .
va	I	He ignored the gesture , tugging gently on her wrists until she unfolded her arms ' again , but she shook her head .
va	O	It seemed Morton meant to sow contention and I could easily guess where .
va	I	I feel the wall against my back shaking , too , and the ground begins to shake again .
va	O	JD blanched , but he nodded .
va	I	The damage had already been done , but she dropped the fabric like it was on fire .
va	O	I didn 't want to watch her , but I couldn 't stop .
va	O	She hadn 't real y gotten a chance to talk to any of them , but they al looked perfectly nice .
va	I	He leaned down to kiss me and he 'd insisted we sit together in the small booth against the wall .
va	I	The man 's voice was carried away on a sudden breeze , but Meyer strained to hear what was being said .
va	O	They looked like warriors and they looked like savages .
va	O	Her mind was churning but her body was registering the fact that she liked the safe , comfort of him so close .
va	O	He was at the breaking point of frustration and the last thing she needed was another argument .
va	I	Buildings lit up from the inside out as I sipped my wine , watching the city come alive and lights switched on .
va	I	He cut in before they would come , and she struggled to get the words out .
va	O	Somehow her subconscious recognized me , or perhaps it was her soul .
va	O	The bell was too heavy to tip upside down and it would require two hands just to hold it .
va	O	He smiled politely at the staff , and they returned more hesitant grins .
va	I	The crowd called for it , but he was too lost in concentration to ask us if he should add another .
va	I	Her eyes sparkled and we both laughed .
va	I	Aunt Prue glanced away , but I looked at her .
va	O	I booked a seat on this conveyance in good faith , and I have no intention of being late for my appointment !
va	I	Easy to defend if it came to that but it would be difficult to climb .
va	I	After a few more seconds , she backed off , and I just didn 't want them right now .
va	O	He sounded quite surprised , but the defense lawyers knew he was faking .
va	O	After about twenty minutes the electronic door opened and a couple of furry legs could be seen in the entrance , quickly followed by six more .
va	O	Her sisters had dragged her out like this before , but shopping hadn 't seemed half as entertaining with them .
va	O	They waved , and I nodded back .
va	I	His profile came into view , and he turned his head .
va	O	I know it was bad , and you held up well .
va	I	We 'll get them to the airport and have them take one small bag each .
va	I	He wasn 't about to change now and that was how he lived his life .
va	O	She tried to scream again , but his mouth muffled the sound .
va	I	I only stopped once for gas , and the trip to Charleston was three hours .
va	I	I hadn 't seen Dank anywhere and only four minutes left in the game .
va	I	Suddenly it was morning , and I closed my eyes for a few seconds .
va	O	He paused , wondering how much he could say , but in the end , the truth won out .
va	O	The movie 's sounds abruptly cut off as someone paused it , and the couch creaked as the others got up .
va	O	I hated myself for it , but I was almost impressed by what she had done .
va	I	The power must have been within me from the beginning , but I couldn 't say how I did it .
va	I	I can barely put any space between us and his hold on me is firm .
va	O	He looked over his shoulder and if I hadn 't known better I would have thought I saw him smile .
va	I	The only thing he was certain about was that they were supposed to be with their mothers , and he knew nothing about infants .
va	O	He had been sliding his chair slowly to one side while Murdoch spoke , and now he looked up at the man .
va	O	It soon popped open though and the waterworks were fully operational .
va	O	He wanted her purged from his mind , but he was beginning to suspect she was a permanent part of him now .
va	I	You can 't , but I know you want to .
va	O	I count you as one of them , however , and I would like to get to know you better .
va	O	His bowtie was black and he tied it masterfully .
va	O	I 'm luckier because my father is very rich and he spends a lot of money on me .
va	O	When he tried the hatch dogs again they turned , but he did not open the hatch .
va	O	When we boarded the plane , he handed my bag to an attendant and we took seats next to each other .
va	I	She was gone , and there was a click .
va	I	She was always happy to engage in comedic banter with him , but she was pretty , in a severe kind of way .
va	O	It was so far distant as to be beyond the confines of thought , but it has been there .
va	I	Mr. White 's still had a trace of dark-colored liquor , but Simon 's was empty .
va	I	He knew she was long gone , but he 'd traced to the airport .
va	I	My tummy went to jelly and she smiled as she gave it to me .
va	I	Lea was fast enough to dodge the punch by leaning back , but Luisa retaliated by throwing a right uppercut at Lea 's chin .
va	O	Call on me during the next couple of days and I will see about placing you in a laboratory .
va	O	I open my eyes and the sun is up .
va	O	They both looked incredibly handsome in their tuxes and they both smiled back at me as I approached .
va	O	It 's an herbicide and choppers would fly over the jungles spraying it on everything , just like a crop duster .
va	I	I led them all , but don 't get me wrong , none of us were saints by any means .
va	O	I couldn 't see , but I heard water running .
va	O	Chandler suddenly pulled back , and her eyes flew open .
va	O	He realized she 'd been talking as he counted his compensation , and he looked over .
va	O	He didn 't like pineapple on his pizza , and he didn 't share our taste in movies .
va	O	He would have to be in the room , touching me , or me touching something of his to tune him in so clearly .
va	I	Now she could see that he was shaking his head and Hana 's eyes were getting used to the darkness in the side cave .
va	O	They claimed she 'd been defiled by Miguel , and they didn 't want her back .
va	I	It was obvious he suspected there was something otherworldly about her , but Zack hadn 't mentioned vampires .
va	O	That day she had been the one annoying him , and he teased her for being so full of questions .
va	O	Ogg had jumped back in time but Antonia didn 't know this .
va	I	Here he stood before her , weakened in his need , yet Marcus had nearly killed a man with his bare hands .
va	I	I hooked my arms under his shoulders and Addie grabbed for Callum 's bound feet .
va	O	I am about to refuse , but I really do need help .
va	I	I meet her eyes once more in the mirror and I feel my own climax coming .
va	I	I flinched , gripping onto the branch tightly and another noise drifted to me from the darkness .
va	O	He stared off into space and Josephine waited patiently .
va	O	Already I 'm dreading the thought of caging even one of them , but hopefully we 'll be able to free them in a few days .
va	O	It was never pretty and it was hard for the male to ever get his reputation back among his own kin .
va	O	Her gaze slid to Bessie 's worried face and she sighed .
va	O	The snow was falling even harder , and the wind had indeed increased , whipping her hair at a furry about her face .
va	O	She tried a weak smile , but he didn 't return it .
va	I	He took her mouth , kissing her with the possessive passion that had seduced her from the first and his head lowered .
va	O	The stranger could see him , and he could see the stranger .
va	I	Wide enough for me to get in quickly , but finally , the wooded door opened up slowly .
va	O	The Point is never really standing on solid ground , and right now the entire place might fall into nothing .
va	I	It will never be dull , but it 'll get less sharp .
va	I	He was there and she rolled over .
va	I	He understood the place was a reflection of how they lived now , but not as grand as he 'd wanted to offer her .
va	I	He stood outside the door of his home , thinking , and Brian got home late again .
va	O	It doesn 't make them stop , but he feels better just the same .
va	I	When it comes to dealing out death , regular mortal know-how can be just as impressive , but Magic is groovy .
va	O	Her skin tingled everywhere he touched her , but Haley tried her best not to notice .
va	I	It sparks the animal inside of me and she licks the roof of my mouth .
va	I	I stared down at my phone and he hung up .
va	O	Nigel was two years younger than I , but even as children we knew .
va	I	His eyes , at least what she could see in the darkness , held concern , and his voice held a hint of sadness .
va	I	She was dragged back up the steps and a hand touched her shoulder .
va	I	I plunged through its shredded fragments into a wholly different place , and now the last thread that held the world together unraveled .
va	O	Bennington was a respectable school and I was well spoken enough .
va	O	I was almost cheered to realize I had another obligation , and I went into the kitchen to start fulfilling it .
va	O	There were occasions when they could receive mail , but it wasn 't likely to happen this trip .
va	O	His wife had divorced him while he was in prison and she also took his son , Daniel , with her .
va	I	He wasn 't about to give up just yet and they were driving him somewhere .
va	O	She towered above Melissa , glaring at her like something possessed , but if she expected Melissa to grovel , she was sorely disappointed .
va	I	Indicating to the tattoo and I bring my right hand up .
va	I	He made out their intent but Tarleton couldn 't understand the words .
va	I	Even that had taken some getting used to , and Balthazar himself didn 't care for being around wraiths who weren 't named Bianca .
va	O	Elijah doesn 't care about his shoelaces , but he ties them anyway .
va	O	His strong inclination was to get rid of her altogether , but family bonds were tricky .
va	I	There was no reason I should be failing this class , and numbers I understood , had a quick mind for them .
va	O	She looked around , but there was nobody else at the lake .
va	I	I stomped into the car , and the elevator doors slid open .
va	I	Trevor appears to be as uneasy as I am and his father looks upset .
va	O	I felt a wetness in my eyes and I blinked confused from the strange sensation .
va	I	I was going to get to see Jack , but I was going to have to leave again !
va	O	The colors fell against the forms , and a familiar scene emerged .
va	I	I flicked it away from my fingers , and a thin coating of dust came off .
va	O	They performed for everyone with just a glance , and they shook me every time I saw them .
va	O	Jenna moved toward the stairs , but I stayed where I was .
va	O	I thought I read regret in them but what kind , I wasn 't sure .
va	O	Her eyes flared briefly , but she didn 't respond .
va	O	Snow had drifted up to the metal sill , and he had to crouch down to look inside .
va	I	Now I was back in control , but I knew I 'd sounded shaken on the phone .
va	I	She took the opportunity to shut the door in my face , and I stepped back in disbelief , shocked she would actually suggest that I could .
va	I	Her mouth was dry but she would have swallowed .
va	O	The ship plunged through the atmosphere and you landed in a containment pod .
va	I	Blood was dripping into a small puddle on the marble floor , and a dark stain on the leg of my jeans was growing .
va	I	He was too heavy to move any farther but she lifted his shoulders up off the ground .
va	O	It was circular , like an indoor amphitheater , and a cold shiver rolled down my spine .
va	O	There are pictures of Gavin and I together .
va	O	He was going to make them suffer just like he and his little sister would suffer for the rest of their lives because of them .
va	O	Her expression falters for a second , but she recovers to smile at me .
va	I	His stomach lurched and the world spun .
va	O	Chapter Sixteen Tristan I 'd driven halfway back to the house , but I couldn 't wait any longer to read Joseph Edwards ' notes .
va	I	When it came to her daughter , she was 100 percent old-school Mexican , but her mother had lived in America for the past thirty years .
va	I	Billy wasn 't saying , and no one knew how old .
va	O	She watched a deep thought pass through his face , and he looked afraid for a moment .
va	I	I decided to look around , and obviously Elite would open here .
va	O	Yes , it was solid , and there was far too much detail for this to be a figment of his imagination .
va	O	She saw a man entering and before she could realize it was Jake , she hit him in the neck with all the force she could muster .
va	O	Natalie 's heart raced and she struggled to breathe .
va	O	I have no idea what Damien has planned , but I 'm completely confident I will enjoy it .
va	O	Two more locked doors were unlocked and he slipped through .
va	O	Austin didn 't know what she expected , but it sure wasn 't this .
va	I	Caleb felt a good measure of surprise himself , and Madison blinked at him in surprise .
va	I	I had moved any of Dad 's stuff and months had passed before Mom .
va	O	She had learned much from Bri and she knew how he was feeling .
va	I	Meat couldn 't be left out without attracting animals but they kept milk bottles parked out on the porch all night .
va	I	Maybe that was his own , but he swore he could feel her heart leaping from her shirt to his chest ?
va	I	She only gets his voicemail , but Tammie calls his cell phone , hoping to reach him before he gets too far away .
va	O	Daniel walked out to the parking lot , and there stood the old , faithful red pickup .
va	O	It 's sticky , but there are no violations .
va	I	The door opened , and the latch clattered .
va	O	She clung to him as his fingers and tongue continued their relentless assault of pleasure .
va	I	There is no word to describe the depth of her sadness , and she watches him snort the drug .
va	O	As I said , my father was beyond furious at that time , and we 'd learned to keep our distance in moments like those .
va	O	Security burst into the room and immediately Gabriel stepped away from the man , his larger body protectively shielding Francesca 's .
va	O	I thought about asking more questions , but I wasn 't sure if Henry was the right one to ask .
va	I	Her trust in him began to build , and he never did .
va	I	I feel my knees give way as a feral sounding moan escapes me and I spot his bloody shirt .
va	O	Hands could have managed it , but nobody else had a fraction of his skill .
va	O	I 've dropped my bag , and I scramble for my radio .
va	O	Dad didn 't look up as I gathered my things and he gave me a distracted wave when I said goodbye .
va	I	She 'd believed him , and Ted had said he loved her .
va	O	He 'd protected her earlier , and Brutus liked him .
va	I	Joe emerged from behind a chest of drawers , and Chuy called .
va	I	I live with my mother , working the same job I 've had for a decade and I 'm twenty-nine .
va	I	Quixote dozed at his feet , and Maximillian rested his muzzle in Cain 's lap .
va	O	She tried to parry the blow , but it caught her on the shoulder .
va	O	The light is out and it 's darker here .
va	O	Jackson Reynard had gotten exactly what he wanted and now he was through with me .
va	O	I feigned an attack and while countering it , he lost his balance for a split second -- providing the opportunity I needed .
va	I	The bed frame stopped any form of retreat , but he tried to scramble backward .
va	I	There were numerous points of egress around the park that were not , but the major entrances were covered .
va	I	The flicker of hurt flashed in his eyes , but Rick shrugged .
va	I	Jake was no longer caressing her , but that sent an even more powerful wave of passion shooting through her .
va	O	The curtain went up again and act 2 began .
va	O	He realized he had fallen behind the group of Exiles and she had fallen back as well to talk to him .
va	O	The scent of his fabric softener was heavenly , and that was when she decided she 'd completely lost it .
va	O	He called her the day before yesterday , and she should be here tomorrow .
va	I	The exodus had already begun but the Zero Hour was nearing .
va	O	Take her out by the back stairs and I 'll cover for you .
va	I	She kissed him back with matching hunger , and her own longing coiled through her body .
va	I	He didn 't , but Hal knew that he should have taken his hands away from the small of her back .
va	I	His right hand curled into a fist and a red haze descended over Isaac 's vision .
va	O	He wanted me to come to London as well , but I said no way .
va	O	The harshness of his reply startled even some of the angrier jurors , but there was no break in their unity .
va	O	A power pole a few hundred feet away had been knocked over and its wires were sparking with live electricity .
va	I	The army staff has been notified , and no visitors have been allowed to enter .
va	I	It locked with Garrett 's , and the creak of the screen door brought her gaze around .
va	I	My sex clenched his finger and I arched into his hand .
va	I	They were still fighting mad , and about a week ago I got three drunks out of lock up .
va	O	I can 't concentrate , and now I 'm angry .
va	I	She offered a sympathetic smile , and her lips made a hard line .
va	O	Dr. Cary 's face relaxed and she sat back in her chair .
va	I	I can 't get it free , but I struggle to free my foot .
va	O	He winced as the pressure came off and the wound was exposed to the air .
va	O	He could barely keep his head up , but the hatred in his eyes never softened .
va	I	We find a booth in the back corner , and he guides me into the sparsely populated restaurant .
va	O	The memory of it was still trapped in my muscles , and I could feel them straining to lift the glass to my lips .
va	I	Why would it matter to him , but perhaps Scott suspected infidelity ?
va	O	I 'm ashamed of that , but I 've come too far in this story to tell a lie , even one of omission .
va	O	I 've just never been in one before and it wasn 't like being in a plane .
va	O	One could easily wonder why the town had ever been built , but they would be left to wonder .
va	I	She responded with a sultry smile , and he cocked an eyebrow at her suggestive tone .
va	O	She felt these friendly habits childish what they usually did together but she liked spend her time with her friend .
va	I	I don 't want to , and I can 't change that .
va	I	Her eyelids drooped , but her heart was thudding against her ribs .
va	I	He sat up straight and suddenly his eyes cleared .
va	O	This was Kai 's first kill of the day , but it almost certainly would not be his last .
va	I	We didn 't slide all the way back but we slid backwards twice during our ascent of that small hill .
va	I	He shook his head , and his brow furrowed .
va	I	The necklace was gone , but Jessica put a hand up to her neck instinctively .
va	I	It disoriented him a little , and Slap left a reddish handprint across his cheek for days .
va	I	I looked over at her , blinking my eyes slowly and her warm hand returned to mine .
va	O	This moment was huge and Ethan is ruining it .
va	I	He knew his sorcerer would not answer them until he was ready : but he was disappointed , because there were a million questions he wanted answered .
va	I	I got away , but some guy tried to kidnap me .
va	O	We do need to talk , but I 'm exhausted .
va	I	He was clearly not dead but Ironside was badly wounded .
va	I	I don 't let on but I disagree with his statement .
va	I	She refused to believe any of it , but the words still echoed through her .
va	I	Having Reid holding tightly to her arm didn 't help anything , but that shouldn 't have been enough to trigger her terror .
va	I	A search was made , and he failed to report back to his station at the close of his shift .
va	I	Her eyes narrowed and Keeley 's mouth dropped open .
va	O	He said he considered this a worse injury than exposing us , but I believe he was still unable to hurt us that badly .
va	I	You 'll kill him or you need to stop .
va	O	It was an arrowhead unlike any other one he 'd ever seen , and he saw its value almost immediately .
va	I	He wasn 't finished , but fawkes stood up slowly .
va	O	He felt he had to take his frustrations out somewhere , and right now Misha seemed as good a bet as any .
va	O	Four were pistol magazines and two were for his rifle .
va	I	Then suddenly I feel nothing at all , and I feel too many things to manage , too powerfully to handle .
va	I	I let him and Spencer laid his hands on me .
va	O	A part of me died with Dominic , and it 's been a long road back .
va	O	Kate couldn 't hide the pain and she bit her lip as she curled into a ball .
va	O	There is a story to be told at this place , and you 'll only recognize it if you 've read it .
va	I	It was pretty cool that I could , but I hadn 't technically done that trick before .
va	O	My first concern was the temperature of the water , but it wasn 't too freezing .
va	O	He went to turn away from her , but she grasped hold of his arm .
va	I	I 've already managed to give Logan all the leeway he needs to have her for himself , and the girl from my dreams is here .
va	O	I met Dylan 's eye and he was giving me a pretty dark look .
va	O	The entrance was like a hallway , but after a few yards the tunnel opened up to a cavernous room .
va	I	Finally he cleared his throat , but diggs had gone quiet again .
va	I	Already they were about eight inches down and the ground was soft .
va	O	They were farming experts , and they worked with Zac .
va	O	It was hard to read her expression behind the mask , but it seemed her eyes were sad .
va	O	Sanders had my gun and he was shooting them .
va	I	Still there would be that one person who 'll despise you , and hell you could be a saint .
va	I	I can provide her with a good one and that child needs a home .
va	I	I 'm not reading any damage , and there was nothing on the scope .
va	I	She wasn 't about to admit that to him , but every night in her fantasies for the past five years .
va	O	Pol flies better than I do , but I 'm sure that our frantic pace was wearing her down almost as much as it was exhausting me .
va	I	She 's holding two sodas , and her hands are resting gently at her sides .
va	I	The coachman screamed , and the vehicle rocked slightly .
va	I	He felt his body grow tight and Callum had the same thought they did .
va	O	I frowned over his shoulder at the notes , but I couldn 't really make any sense of them .
va	O	Holly had chosen outfits that were suitable for a romantic holiday with Evan , and none of them seemed completely appropriate for this particular occasion .
va	I	The wheel on the bottom turned too , and it turned , forcing a chain around .
va	I	He thanked him anyway , but Nathan wasn 't sure what good things Anderson had told him .
va	I	Surely , as A , she saw a foolproof opportunity , and surely she had known what they were going to do .
va	I	Each one wore a belt with several small objects attached to it but Ronnie thought it was weird that none of them wore helmets .
va	O	You are to read it , and then you will see our little Humphrey to understand its ramifications .
va	I	I realize that I 'm staring and his bushy eyebrows rise in question .
va	I	He didn 't accept it , but Steven tried to apologize .
va	O	I bit my lip , not wanting to get into this , but Jackson seemed more than a little interested in the topic .
va	O	From what Quinn had said the movie was a comedy , and it 's meant to be hilarious .
va	O	Maybe it was the autumn chill in the drafty old bathroom making me shiver , but maybe it was Raquel 's fear .
va	O	His eyes meet mine but I don 't see anything familiar there .
va	O	These men won 't give their workers birth control , but they will gladly hand them a sexually transmitted disease .
va	I	I 'm exhausted , and I didn 't sleep well last night .
va	I	His face strained as he came - almost in her face and his body suddenly stiffened .
va	O	Her eyes went wide and she quickly hung up .
va	O	It was as frustrating as it was hopeless , but there was no reason to give up hope .
va	O	Sebastian too was holding his breath as he stared at her , and his heart seemed to have stopped beating all of a sudden .
va	O	He was a formidable man , but he wasn 't threatening .
va	O	Tears I couldn 't contain anymore broke free and I felt Clare lean in to join us .
va	O	She looked at me with fear in her eyes , and it killed me that she saw me that way .
va	O	I heard it in his words and my heart sank even further .
va	O	I did not want to keep anybody waiting , and I was eager to get to Snowy Falls .
va	O	He was right and she knew it .
va	I	It was too late , but Nick jumped back .
va	O	West Ham kicked off and the fast-paced game began .
va	O	I hardly knew her , but I wanted to take that sad look off her face , which is something I didn 't want to be thinking .
va	I	There was pure darkness in the room except right around the glowing backpack and he stuffed it in his backpack .
va	I	She gave him a gentle squeeze and her hands found the tense bulge below my belt .
va	O	He was part of my life for ten years and he needs me right now .
va	O	He tried to play it cool , but I could hear his rusty purr from four feet away .
va	I	I don 't see it , but I can hear her shift , pulling her hand in more tightly .
va	O	My thoughts seemed sharper , and I was clearly holding on to most if not all of the events that should be catalogued by my short-term memory .
va	O	I started to grin , but thinking of him renewed the ache in my chest .
va	I	She felt bad about it , and she had lied to Miranda .
va	I	Then he realized it was merely a dream -- an elusive dream he could not grasp , and he sat up , frowning , confused .
va	O	Everything went wrong and he lost a fortune .
va	O	There was incomprehension on his face , but also some fear .
va	I	His eyes closed and he went still in Michael 's hold .
va	I	You must be up to it , but this provides a unique opportunity for the two of you .
va	I	Whatever agenda they were serving and as far as I knew , I was just a tool for Maria him .
va	O	Her face was soft and she smiled at him .
va	I	I suspected her voice could convince people to do anything , but she had a bad personality .
va	O	He shrugged and I sighed .
va	I	I sipped on the sweet liquid and he handed me the cold glass .
va	O	With a grin she started walking down the hall towards Math and I fell into step with her .
va	O	Silence surrounded them , but again , Nikki let him have his way .
va	I	He could earn almost as good money closer to Denver , and this baking in the desert was not for him .
va	I	She looked exhausted and we both ate .
va	O	She lay on her side , facing me , and the covers were pulled up under her chin .
va	I	She reached up to clasp his hand and her eyes met his .
va	O	The doorbell chimes again , and someone starts pounding on the front door .
va	O	It 'd just make more work in the long run , but boy , it would have felt good in the moment .
va	O	His open curiosity forced her to go on , and Elaina hit on it at last .
va	I	He didn 't but she expected him to say more .
va	O	In it was a small scroll , and he held it out to me .
va	I	You 'd be trying to get them to work with you , and we 'd be trying to get them to work with us .
va	O	She would not leave Balan alone ... but she needed to get him back to the keep .
va	I	She looks really nice and she 's still smiling .
va	I	Shawn looked at Seth a moment , realizing he seriously wanted to know more about this , and the question seemed out of place .
va	I	This cracked as she moved , scraping against her skin , and the sleeves of the dress were stiff with dried blood .
va	O	I had about four hours to kill and the apartment was starting to make me stir crazy .
va	I	Gideon 's question from a moment ago made sense , and finally the spiderwebs in my head had cleared away .
va	I	The light he saw was that of a star now 97,000 years older , but yes , he could see its light ( clear as day ) .
va	I	Just like any location , there is always room for improvement , but my building is secure .
va	I	He laughs and I roll my eyes .
va	O	Emily insisted she was nearly eighteen when we met , but I found out she wasn 't even close .
va	I	Some years they 'd been known to entertain a hundred people for Christmas lunch and apparently the house would constantly receive visitors during the Christmas period .
va	I	The screen flickered to life , and she moved the mouse on the sky blue pad .
va	O	I messed up and I was going to take the bad grade .
va	O	We were technically closed for the day , but people could still see in the window .
va	O	She hurt everywhere , but she knew what he meant .
va	I	He was the only one that could stop it , and she had no intention of going to New Jersey .
va	O	Kate opened the gate , which housed a large lawn , various toys , and huge water bowls .
va	I	She saw him decide to fake it , but Shane didn 't believe that for a second .
va	O	We scrambled out of her car , and she threw the car into gear .
va	I	His hand splayed over her stomach , and his thigh settled over her legs .
va	I	It burst into blue flames , and he held up a hand to Veritas .
va	I	She cared more than she could admit , and Gil was simply so easy to love .
va	O	Her hand tried to drift to her throat again , but she clutched her fingers in her lap .
va	I	I wait patiently , and the days pass .
va	I	Establishing it had not been easy , but Judith had never shied away from the truth .
va	I	I hurled her against a tree , with a slight flick of my wrist and my eyes flashed green .
va	I	Iona had managed it , but Defiance in the face of Eric 's will was almost impossible .
va	I	She wasn 't certain he could even understand her , and she couldn 't get out more than his name .
va	O	I look out the opening that is a window and I don 't see anyone .
va	I	Sure enough , there was a guy in the bleachers , and I glanced up .
va	O	Rose of Sharon would hate her for it , but the news report made her want a cheeseburger .
va	O	Our heated breath misted the frigid air , and the only sound was the gentle patter of falling sleet .
va	O	Following that we will target serial burglars and known anti social activities .
va	I	With a hidden thought , she did catch , but -- He noticed calmly .
va	O	She knew Marina City wasn 't exactly cheap either , and she didn 't know how much Garrett was expecting her to pay .
va	I	I had no idea what it was and something very strange was going on .
va	I	He does not remember the notes but Leander Jack remembers that it is called ' Ode to Joy ' .
va	O	They tripped him up , got him confused , and he began hallucinating .
va	I	She knew without a doubt that her father was not acting like himself but she couldn 't explain her fathers ' actions .
va	O	There was no handle , yet when Selena got close to it , it swung open on its own .
va	O	Oh yeah , and this other vampire , Louisa , wants me dead because I stole Elijah away from her in another life .
va	O	She turned around and shock overtook her expression as she looked at me .
va	O	The sunlight was blinding that morning and he had little patience for annoyances .
va	O	From where he stood , it looked to Randolph like the man only had a single eyebrow , but he thought that couldn 't be right .
va	O	Kenzie , forgotten beside us all , shot me a worried glance , and I shrugged , trying to look unconcerned .
va	O	The landscape works for the resort owners , and Wil thought that was all they were interested in .
va	O	It was late in the fourth quarter and Sarah could see that Ashley Carter was running out of gas .
va	I	None of them had come back out , but he had sent hundreds into the Fog .
va	I	I hope you understand , and my intentions must remain private for now .
va	I	It feels like hours before the man clears his throat to speak and Sweat beads on my forehead .
va	I	He wouldn 't have noticed and I probably could 've broken out in a full-on tap dance right then .
va	O	He was so grateful her mood had lifted and things were finally falling into place .
va	O	Most of these gentlemen they married seemed nice enough , but they were nothing like Paul .
va	O	We weren 't supposed to acknowledge our relationship in public , but clearly , he 'd been divulging a little .
va	O	It feels like there 's a foot on my chest and I can 't breathe .
va	O	All was smiles , and Ethan had to play along if he didn 't want to find the door hitting his back .
va	O	We 're that perfect pair and he never even saw it .
va	O	He left the student center when it closed last night , and his roommate says he never came back to the room .
va	I	She tied him up tight just in case he managed to wake up , but her bounty was still passed out cold .
va	O	There were a couple at my feet , but as my eyes moved down the hall , the number increased .
va	I	I stared at it and with his new phone he pulled up a holographic map of the block where the house was located .
va	O	She would miss caring for the sea monster , and Yves might give her place to Chartres .
va	I	It broke in half , and one with a purple flower rose above the others .
va	O	Maddy said , and this time , she didn 't sound like herself , not at all .
va	O	I leave the park , and though I 'm tempted to walk past The Plaza , what would be the point ?
va	I	Abbey was standing at the foot of the bed and he was on his bed in the hotel suite .
va	O	Beside me , Amy stood by , and I couldn 't look at her .
va	O	She took her hands away and the elevator doors slid shut .
va	I	Isabelle slid inside , and his door opened .
va	O	Maybe he was just new to this whole slave thing , but he hated it already .
va	O	Ethan 's selling us 150 acres of land and I 'll work off the cost over time .
va	I	We started to work and we knew their names .
va	O	She dreaded the thought of facing him , but she could think of no excuse .
va	I	It all worked out for him , but he dropped out when I graduated .
va	O	It was an honest day , same as the one before , but one fraught with continued questions about what had transpired that morning .
va	I	He knew it was because of her weight , but she had no right to be cast out .
va	O	Allan didn 't answer and Alexandra shook her head .
va	O	She waited , expecting to feel the same leather straps around her wrists , get placed around her ankles but nothing happened .
va	O	Alarm graced her face , and the Gray Man was sure that he wore a similar look that matched his host .
va	O	I planted my foot in them , and he boosted me through the window .
va	I	There is magic , but maybe you 've been living too long in the mundane world , Mom .
va	O	I 'm holding Patsy on one hip , but she keeps trying to pull off my bikini top .
va	O	He regretted the crossbow , but there was nothing to be done about that .
va	O	The air masks fell from the compartments and food trays threw food in all directions .
va	I	His eyes wandered down to my blouse , and I nodded .
va	I	I study , and I go to school .
va	O	It will take a while to get a psychic investigation agency up and running .
va	O	We 'd been on our way to see her at the hospital , but we were still three states away when Uncle Jared called .
va	O	I may not know everything about your past , but I don 't need to know it all .
va	O	He was the highest ranking jurist in the system ; and he had a long white beard .
va	O	Her question caught him off guard and he had no ready answer .
va	I	Her nose hadn 't blossomed into a swollen mess , so she was pretty sure it wasn 't broken , but it hurt .
va	O	Levi 's jaw tightened and his expression became dark .
va	I	He took it seriously , but it was a rhetorical question .
va	I	They mind their own business but they gossip a lot .
va	I	She didn 't pick up , but I called her back first .
va	O	I heard movement in the dining room but my attention was caught on something else .
va	O	I may have earned that comment , but I am certain that I still looked downright disappointed in him as I answered his accusation .
va	I	His real love was being outside , doing things with his hands , but Dad always had various white-collar jobs .
va	I	Her hands were still locked around Jamie , and she stared up at the cracked ceiling above her .
va	I	I should run from him and he said he was only half a man .
va	I	Of course , we have no service and he gets his phone out of his pocket .
va	I	She wasn 't stupid , but Joni may be gullible .
va	I	The truth was that she loved him to distraction , just as he loved her , and only the truth mattered .
va	I	She shook her head and I offered a hand .
va	O	Luther swore he tanned in the nude , but she wasn 't stripping for anyone .
va	I	He went out and his eyes finally rolled all the way back in his head .
va	O	When Gracie left Oklahoma , Belinda rejoiced , but Alfred was enraged .
va	O	Instinctively she covered her eyes with her arm , but that offered no protection .
va	O	He looks pretty wrecked after driving all this way , and I 'm sure I don 't look much better .
va	I	You never know , but they are very clever these days .
va	O	Likewise , the brown grass was coming back to life , but nothing on the horizon gave me hope that there were other settlements nearby .
va	O	The 35 can perhaps seat six people , but full-sized men would be shoulder to shoulder .
va	O	We drove into the woods , and Cassie busily consulted her GPS as she drove .
va	I	We took it , and I found a road out of town that they had missed blocking .
va	O	The rocky wall is every bit as slippery as it looks , and I 'm immediately regretting my decision to agree to the climb .
va	O	It was horrendous and as I was about to ask her what she thought she was wearing , I realized that she was playing me .
va	O	I laughed at Mia 's comment , but I understood what she meant .
va	I	My entire being began to quiver with delight , and his orgasm flowed from his body into mine .
va	I	She just couldn 't do it , but she still had that nagging feeling that she should tell him the truth about herself .
va	O	They 'd made mistakes aplenty , but that was to be expected .
va	I	Insects buzzed around them and Green grass brushed along their knees as they walked .
va	O	I was striving for a dignified retreat but knocking people out of the way kind of ruined it .
va	I	I felt flushed , and my volume had increased without my realizing it .
va	I	Our leader waved a hand , but the three guards at the end of the hall presented their muskets warily .
va	O	He 'd only met her once , and they hadn 't spoken since then .
va	O	Jules wore shin length brown leather moccasins over her jeans and I wore boots that were so heavy even a biker wouldn 't wear them .
va	O	He saw nothing like a diamond but he had just found a folder of sheet music that he thought looked somewhat simple when the dinosaurs came .
va	O	Whatever illusion you have about you and me ends tonight .
va	I	He went down hard , crashing to the cement before he could stop himself and his legs shook .
va	O	For the third time , Cy glanced up at me , but he quickly looked back down at his stack of papers .
va	O	I 'd never felt something like it , and honestly , I never wanted to again .
va	I	I noted that the watching Alchemist was gone , and we stepped out of the way in dismay .
va	I	A prison officer greeted him and the cell door was opened .
va	O	His eyes closed and he let out a deep sigh .
va	I	She seemed to see that in me too and I could feel the need for sleep filling me .
va	O	He swallowed and I saw he was trembling .
va	O	I sucked in breath and my body went solid .
va	I	That was the worst punishment of all , and she 'd be disappointed in him .
va	O	In a cozy semi-circular booth in the hotel bar they ordered more champagne and Alana proposed a toast .
va	O	He took Levana 's hand , and she allowed him to guide her .
va	O	Something tugged at her sleeve as she stood , and Victoria pivoted .
va	I	I couldn 't finish my thought ... but he 's got a girl .
va	I	She saved my son and Keeley is my friend .
va	O	I blushed , unsure of what to say , but a feeling of hope crept up in me .
va	I	His attention was caught by the pink creatures in the sky , but Josh was so confused .
va	O	I wasn 't all that upset , and I have enjoyed my life .
va	I	I can feel the pendant underneath and a small portion near the bottom is taped up .
va	O	She blinked and her heart flipped over a couple of times .
va	I	When she sees me , she starts up , and Pen is standing at the door to the stairs .
va	I	I 'd do it my way but I 'd do it for her .
va	O	Her dark brown hair curled softly around her delicate features , and her green eyes sparkled .
va	O	Before packing it up , she 'd washed everything , of course , but clothing always had a musty smell to it after being in boxes .
va	I	I smooth my hair while I head for the door , and my face is sticky with sweat .
va	O	Mrs. Patrick looked at the sheriff and he turned away .
va	O	She would do the wrong thing for sure and Mia would laugh at her .
va	O	I was glad it was gone and I knew how much it cost us to get it down .
va	O	My father was not contented with my deferring our plans , but he loved my mother enough to know that it was the appropriate resolve .
va	O	I smiled as I glanced in the direction of the door , but my smile quickly dissipated when I realized that it was Jessie .
va	O	Cassie 's breath caught in her chest , but she did not move away from him .
va	I	Her eyes landed square on Ben 's , and she twisted around to scan the crowd for Maya .
va	I	My teeth were chattering , and my fingers were frozen .
va	I	The lie tasted like ashes in my mouth , but I yearned to comfort her , to tell her everything would be all right .
va	I	Obviously she had , but she hadn 't meant to irritate Paul .
va	O	I smile at her , but I really don 't understand what she means .
va	I	Rafe 's insides curled with jealousy , and the thought jumped out at him .
va	O	Will had used that laser beam at the airport to slice through the copter 's gas tank and that had produced the giant fireball .
va	O	They 'd taken quite a chance using their transportation devices this way , but it was a risk worth taking .
va	I	Most had been shed for the winter , but some leaves still clung to the thin white aspens .
va	O	I frowned , pressing my ear against the door , but it was still too fuzzy to understand .
va	O	I know her and Bella are happy .
va	I	I looked up and something overhead caught my attention .
va	I	Me to exchange an uneasy glance and now it was time for Dex .
va	I	His aim had a deadly accuracy and he was working at close range .
va	O	She pulls me into a hug , and I can hear her raging heartbeat .
va	O	This is the language of married , adult life , and it is completely foreign to me .
va	I	It wasn 't all bad , but there weren 't many kids .
va	O	Every cell of my body was filled with heavy guilt , and it was weighing me down like a lead balloon .
va	O	I was too worked up and now it wanted to play .
va	O	I tried to brush it off my arm , but it was like a stain .
va	I	The two faced off and he stood slowly .
va	O	The elevator doors closed , and they were sealed inside .
va	I	I didn 't want him to feel bad , but I knew Amy was just joking with him .
va	I	I didn 't care and I was shouting now .
va	O	Sarah 's answering machine picked up her call , but a minute later she rang back .
va	I	An expression resembling dawning comprehension made his eyes flash , and then he blinked suddenly .
va	O	Some lip gloss and a spray of my perfume finished me .
va	O	Discovery on the Keller case was in full swing , and he was gearing up for the start of the trial .
va	I	The thickness of him slid straight inside , and Eleanor sighed , relaxing back against him .
va	O	His expression was unreadable , but his voice was firm .
va	I	I was each one and I saw ten spheres .
va	I	He felt thirsty again and Hunger had bit deep into his strength .
va	I	Nate took his foot off the brake , and the car in front of him moved .
va	I	She wasn 't sure it would work , and she wasn 't sure what was in there .
va	O	The Silver Fox reaches out to me in my dreams , yet I resist him .
va	O	The ground was firm enough , but there was something about it that felt different .
va	O	Her gaze flickered over Alaric but she looked quickly away , afraid that her face would betray her .
va	I	The work on the farm did and I think they changed me as much as Rosie .
va	I	She pushed my hand away but I reached out to grab another .
va	O	It is a coward 's way out you have chosen , and I place no trust in cowards .
va	I	I certainly wasn 't going to tell her , but another five days of scrubbing with heavy detergent would actually fix her .
va	I	We still had rights , but yes , we were kids .
va	I	I wasn 't afraid , but I noticed with a start that Ben had moved closer to me .
va	O	William maintains to this day that the master had molested him , and he was only getting revenge .
va	O	The car was going to be a total loss and it broke a little piece of my heart .
va	O	The wind was finally dying down and birds sang joyously from the trees .
va	I	Cutting and can be spiteful .
va	O	She smiled back but her eyes remained distant .
va	O	She headed off and I followed her .
va	I	The static hiss filled the dark space , and the girl turned her radio on low .
va	O	Set stared into his brother 's cold , dark eyes and he knew that moment it was for the last time .
va	O	He looked around but the giant could not be seen .
va	O	Josie might try to deny it , but she couldn 't lie to herself .
va	O	His writing was miserable and the list seemed endless .
va	O	It licked the length of my face in one big slurp and I opened my eyes .
va	O	I realized it 's not my concern and I 'm leaving it to the police to sort out .
va	O	I think of searching through Dad 's wardrobe for something that would fit Lennox , but I quickly discard the idea .
va	O	Conveniently the hospital had a fire in 1953 , and many birth records were destroyed .
va	O	She moaned softly , wanting to wake up , but she couldn 't escape the dream .
va	O	Believe me , I do care and I intend to stay alive .
va	O	I 've been just like Adam and I refuse to turn into a shadow like him .
va	I	Jack will be there and I 'll be there .
va	O	We both held books , but we didn 't read .
va	O	Miranda 's name echoed from the front and she took off without another word .
va	O	One of my favorite regulars was in line , and I hoped he 'd like the meal .
va	I	They claimed it for themselves , and this was their wild land .
va	I	In the end he went , but he complained about public transportation .
va	O	He tightened his grip , and I tried to move .
va	I	She sliced her index finger and distracted , her knife slipped .
va	O	I smiled my most charming smile at her and she shook her head like she already regretted forgiving me .
va	I	Lucius saw the clay jug slip along its sweaty sheen , and her left arm twitched .
va	I	No sound comes out , but I try to scream .
va	I	She closed her eyes as pleasure began to warm throughout her body again , and his nuzzling was growing a bit more purposeful .
va	I	This has nothing to do with signing up for the races and maybe I 'm wrong .
va	I	He couldn 't stay indefinitely , but he loved Colorado .
va	O	Miranda was one of seven witches at Shadow Falls , and she was also Kylie 's other roommate .
va	I	At least he was when he 'd written this or Johan was still alive .
va	I	I need to know , but I know that 's a risky question to ask .
va	I	I thought it would be a good idea to change the subject , too , but hopefully that had helped him .
va	I	He spun , embarrassment blossoming on his face in scarlet patches , and when I planted my foot on his backside , the other guards hooted .
va	I	She knew Becky was just a phone call away , and there was nothing there for her besides her best friend .
va	O	Her father told him she was refusing to touch her trust , but Chad hadn 't believed she 'd be able to hold out .
va	I	She leant against the door and her eyes shot wide .
va	I	You were only ten and you weren 't even there .
va	I	He acted like I was the one who 'd done something wrong and I rolled my eyes at Ryder .
va	O	We always had each other 's back and what I 'd just said to him was messed up .
va	O	She wanted to process what she 'd learned and he wanted to hold grudges .
va	O	Next come the rapids , and all of a sudden , everything is more challenging .
va	I	She 's not her , but she 's pretty , gorgeous really .
va	O	All the other guys laughed and they were happy it rhymed .
va	O	The floor creaks again , and I know now that it 's coming from the living room .
va	I	Not one of them made him feel the way Melissa Jarrod did , but he had kissed a lot of women in his time .
va	I	He could hear her struggling not to break down , and Kate stood next to Ethan with a shotgun of her own .
va	O	I was trying to sound sympathetic , but I was angry that I had to watch her go through this .
va	I	If it was a mistake , it would be a life lesson , and there just didn 't feel like there was any reason to here .
va	O	the sergeant said , doubtfully , and they both looked at Laurence .
va	O	The wounds , he thought , were quite impressive , but now they had served their purpose .
va	O	She just wasn 't ready to find out the truth , but she may have to tell her now .
va	O	New England bore you , and into your soul he poured a liquid loveliness which cannot die .
va	O	She wanted to hold on to him , but he 'd taken her into the bathroom .
va	I	A dingy hotel towel draped over the rod , and it was stark , other than a beige shower curtain that had probably started out white .
va	I	That didn 't matter , but nobody would publish it .
va	I	He growled and his grip tightened .
va	I	My hands are splayed across her back , and her arms are wrapped around my neck .
va	O	My keys jiggled as I tried to insert them in the doorknob , but a strange man with a cell phone to his ear opened it .
va	I	They too were tired , but on either flank , the dragons of the Corps were fighting fiercely to hold off the advance .
va	O	You haven 't had a drink tonight , and I 'm in no hurry to say goodbye after dinner .
va	O	Her feet unstuck from the kitchen floor and she yanked the controls off the coffee table to jam her thumb over the red Off button .
va	I	Brandon handled himself like a pro , but I was shaky when we stood .
va	O	He doesn 't do it with me as much , but I notice it with our son .
va	O	The voice was Geena 's , and although Geena had betrayed her , she had never truly been a threat .
va	O	It only took a couple minutes to get back to her house , but she couldn 't stop thinking about Brady .
va	I	He saw a spark of excitement there , too , but she was out of her element , looking confused .
va	I	Wrestling with the chores of his regency had given him a maturity far beyond his years , and he was a muscular young man , though .
va	O	It made it tougher to get up in the morning to go to school , but she didn 't care .
va	O	Dreams are more important to them than the real world , and curses are very significant .
va	O	He hadn 't been on a job with Corrado before , and he wasn 't looking forward to going on one now .
va	I	Miranda thought he was in danger of drowning and he didn 't stop until many minutes passed .
va	I	I 'd swear our eyes met , and near the edge of the oak trees stood a doe on thin , elegant legs .
va	O	The fluid flooded my lungs and within seconds I was fast asleep .
va	O	Lori 's desk was unoccupied as well and she remembered Lori had said she was given the day off .
va	O	The floor was icy cold , and she winced as her bare feet touched it .
va	I	Her eyes flew open and Celeste sat up quickly .
va	I	The cavern mouth gaped over my head like a monster ready to bite down , and I was right outside of it .
va	O	It was time to look at my results , and I was scared .
va	O	It 's so clean , and there are no holes in the walls .
va	I	I follow her and she starts walking .
va	I	They must have because they once again told her they would wait for her , but she wasn 't sure if they heard her pathetic whimper .
va	O	I think we 'd both spent our fair share of time being lonely , and silence wasn 't an unsettling thing .
va	I	I know where this is going and her lids close a little .
va	I	I could feel the burning sensation as the laser impacted my flesh and he fired the gauntlet at my neck .
va	I	She clutched onto her fan until it almost felt like she would break it , and Henrietta 's gut twisted .
va	O	My chest was pounding and I didn 't want to hear what she was saying .
va	O	He hadn 't helped anyone else in a century , but he 'd just given his word to her .
va	O	He 's on edge today , and it 's obvious to everyone .
va	I	It looked damned near perfect to her : a magical place , but it probably wouldn 't pass a perfectionist 's eye .
va	O	Whatever aid the staff was providing was no more , and Nicola felt the loss keenly .
va	O	They would have a quick turnaround , but we were welcome to talk with them during that time .
va	O	Noah drew me close to his side and we started walking across the empty parking lot at a quick pace .
va	I	There must be a center , the deepest part of an infected wound , but where they had first come from , I didn 't know .
va	I	I reluctantly sat down in the middle , right opposite Haze , and Josh took the seat in front of Laurent .
va	I	He could not believe his own eyes when the sun shot a streak of flames but the sky was clear .
va	I	Last night had damn near done him in , and a man could only take so much temptation .
va	O	For a while any noise made me jump and I am afraid to go anywhere by myself .
va	O	Brenna started to do likewise , but Arik held up his arm .
va	O	She 'd held her breath but more bad news had followed .
va	I	Her expression cleared , and he raised a brow .
va	O	This was her wedding weekend , and I was worried about me .
va	O	The guy is 33 , but everything about him feels like a thousand years old .
va	I	He was losing weight and the food was dreadful .
va	I	I put on a strong face for my visitors , but it was a battle that I was losing inside .
va	O	Closing her eyes she tried to stop the images tumbling swiftly together , but no matter how hard she tried , they would not stop .
va	I	That 's all and we work together .
va	I	They 've taken the time to talk to me throughout the day and all her family is great .
va	O	One would think a machine would make noise as it moved around , but Vinnie kept himself well oiled .
va	O	We waved goodbye to Lenore as she exited , and then everyone ran for the bathroom to change clothing .
va	O	I try to catch Dham 's eye to wave goodbye , but he 's deep in it with Peter .
va	O	I start making mistakes , and after my third shock in a row the pictures fade .
va	I	Now she felt cold , lifeless , and her wave of tears had passed .
va	O	He was driving without saying a word and they went down the main streets .
va	I	The manager of the team kept trying to make Steve more of a team player , but all would have preferred him to get his own lab .
va	I	Murphy caught me before I could fly head first into the front seat , and the car stopped short .
va	I	I 'm not changing my mind but I wanted to tell you myself .
va	O	My teeth were chattering , and my head throbbed .
va	I	I did not need to see her to know who she was , but she was half in shadow .
va	O	Just a minute ago he was so sure of his initial assessment , and now , it 's all back up in the air .
va	O	She felt the burn of tears , but she managed a smile , nodding her head .
va	I	On the other hand he felt somewhat at a loss , but it wasn 't demanded here , which was a relief .
va	O	Fury was written on her face , and he squeezed her hand until she met his gaze .
va	O	It might not be until morning , now , but there was no sense in waiting to find out .
va	O	She gasped against his mouth , and he said it again , breathing the word into her .
va	O	I tried to stop myself from moving , but I found it hard to get my feet on the ground .
va	I	She waved him over and he raised his beer in the direction of the blonde .
va	I	Shai enjoyed hearing their laughter echoing in the corridors and the twenty-one children from Lael had settled in with their adoptive families .
va	O	More words floated into her brain and she knew how good it would feel to say them aloud .
va	I	In five minutes we were seated with a nice view of the park , and he rolled his eyes disdainfully , so I gave him another .
va	I	I was starting to get used to it , and it had been that way for more than a week now .
va	I	He wondered if more policemen would be waiting and the end of the alley was just ahead .
va	O	He turned to look at me , but the hand didn 't immediately drop .
va	I	The sound once again stopped and she walked in that direction .
va	I	Kiran brought her against his chest , wrapping both arms around her back and she giggled through a sob .
va	O	Tears threatened to block my sight , but I wiped them away .
va	I	I trust you and you 're a wonderful man .
va	O	It made Kate want to laugh , but she didn 't have the energy .
va	O	They ignored the wall , and me as much as the wall , so I decided I did not need to hide around the corner .
va	I	It 's tough going on the road by yourself and we could use another rider .
va	O	Matthew worried more than a little himself , but he wouldn 't embarrass Ashley by silencing her .
va	O	Roger started to leave but Maynard shook his head .
va	I	I was dead and Sulley had won .
va	I	He doesn 't want them to be exhausted when the fighting starts , and he doesn 't want to waste the lives of his troops .
va	I	It is not in actuality , but yes , it looks cumbersome .
va	I	You have to look hard to find the hidden pictures , and it 's an intricate design .
va	O	He tapped his fingers against his knee , and I snuck glances at him .
va	O	I pulled down the safety bar , but it kept popping right back up .
va	O	It 's an epidemic out there , James , and The Program is using that to further their agenda .
va	I	The stars shone brightly and the skies were clear .
va	I	No doubt the rent would be a small fortune , and it was a new building , luxurious .
va	I	I set out on our ride and I was fuming by the time Sir Richard .
va	I	I take responsibility for myself , and I 'm a grown woman .
va	O	Her eyes rolled into the back of her head and I could see her seize violently .
va	I	He gave her directions and she shook her head .
va	O	It 's a stupid cycle and I want it to stop .
va	O	One shoulder was warmed by the sun and the other was cool in the shade .
va	I	I see a flicker of recognition pass across her face , and she squints at me closely .
va	O	He felt a rush of energy leave him , and his head dropped to the ground .
va	I	Annie gave a tremulous smile , and Nate let a soft exclamation escape at the picture her words drew .
va	I	He thought for sure he was saved and the cool air felt wonderful on his skin .
va	I	It didn 't mean she wasn 't scared , but sure , she 'd put up a good front with Holiday .
va	I	Not so I can understand anything , but you answer me .
va	I	The lashes were fluttering , but her blue eyes were shut .
va	O	She let him think he was influencing her , but in reality she was just evaluating his power .
va	O	They responded to his commands and their aircraft responded in kind .
va	O	Cain had gone to school with Ned , but they 'd never been friends .
va	O	I looked at her crew as they were gearing up and they were all wearing exterminator outfits .
va	O	You 're drunk and you just pissed on my car .
va	I	Battle gears were strapped onto the shoulders of 550 Amazon warriors and War chants rose .
va	I	Nick pulled away from the hospital and I sat in the new car .
va	O	A camera was trained at the doorway , but it wouldn 't register him .
va	O	He had limited range of motion , and Legion moved too quickly to see .
va	O	The Plague was most certainly a grievous error , but it pales in comparison to what it has birthed into this reality .
va	O	The musical world had turned against Hermann once , and he needed allies to show the world that it was wrong .
va	O	You respected Dave , and he respected you .
va	O	I should have enjoyed poking around all that gadgetry , but if anything it made me a little sad .
va	I	I looked at the ones on either side and we stopped outside this door .
va	O	She opened her mouth to warn him to stay back , but all that came out was a snarl .
va	O	They would be at his command and when he called them , they would do his bidding .
va	I	It was affectionate but there was mockery in her tone .
va	I	I fear I am sorely unfit for the job , but I would love to take command of your army !
va	O	Their child would probably be a supercharged handful , and yeah , he looked forward to the challenge .
va	I	Eddie stayed too late one night , and Cleo , his wife , had an apartment in town .
va	I	She 'd lose , and it would be a fight against a madman .
va	O	Noone he knows has the keys , and they can enter only if he 'll unlock the gate himself .
va	I	I had a vague memory of being that ridiculous at one time , and she was young enough to be hurt by that kind of opinion .
va	O	I liked him , and up until the time Alexa joined the staff , he had liked me .
va	O	Sebastian had never kissed any girl before , and Sakura was his very first .
va	O	I want you fed and you 'll eat sitting next to me not wearing any underwear .
va	O	He was going to buy the new one , of course , but he just hated the idea of throwing out a perfectly good Nintendo .
va	O	Her touch was light , but Sarah still cried out in pain when the woman curled them into a fist .
va	I	Childbirth was dangerous in any case , but Eleanor was much more robust than Hart 's first wife had been .
va	I	His eyes sprang open and Kenny 's jaw tightened .
va	O	My fingers shoot up to my face and I gently touch the skin around them .
va	O	Though many of his classmates had their own , Chewy didn 't , but his mom had promised he 'd get one next semester .
va	I	Each night this thought also served to keep me awake and I hadn 't thought of that when I took off .
va	I	He closed those beautiful eyes , face tensing , and my heart did a funny little cartwheel .
va	O	Arthur was too tough to embarrass easily , but he was embarrassed now .
va	O	I knew if I wasn 't careful I was going to get hurt , but I could be careful .
va	I	He gestured for me to sit with him at his table and this mollified him substantially .
va	I	With the temperature dropping , tonight would be no different , and last week they 'd frozen over fried chicken .
va	I	Nothing happened , and a few minutes passed .
va	I	Jace got on the guns and Mac plopped down in the pilot 's seat .
va	O	I knew I had to get up , but I couldn 't remember why .
va	I	That always gave her away and when she was bluffing , she would just giggle .
va	I	I had , unaccountably , an instinct that he was feeling love , and he looked at me with such focus that it was almost devotion .
va	I	Squirrels came right up to them curiously , and deer walked by , flitting their tails .
va	I	He seemed to hover above the pool rather than float upon it , and in that moment Kaleb became a bright shadow inside a brighter sphere .
va	I	Even she couldn 't comfort me now , but Demeter set her hand on my shoulder .
va	I	It gently pulls her body against its massive , warm chest , cradling her frame and she steps into the curve of its hand .
va	I	We got gummy bears instead , but I was expecting something useful .
va	O	Amber 's eyes sprung open , and she slowly turned her head .
va	O	His kind wasn 't immortal , but they were pretty darn close .
va	I	George didn 't follow at once , but the rough , ridged bark of the oak 's spreading branches was ideal for climbing .
va	I	I had a feeling I wasn 't alone , but I didn 't see anything to confirm it .
va	O	He flashed the beautiful smile Cassie was sure had melted many female hearts before , and her grandmother appeared to be no exception .
va	O	At five in the morning there were few cars about and he was able to park right outside .
va	I	She was a dark angel watching from above , and their souls were chess pieces moving on a board .
va	I	A shudder went through the ground , and there was a searing flash of light .
va	O	He now had the right to slay the man , but he couldn 't bring himself to do it .
va	I	Then there was pain , and the mouth closed over his arm , up to the elbow .
va	I	My feet move on their own following Mach through the massive gate , but the coil in my stomach warns me not to go with him .
va	O	asked Brianne , and I knew right away there was going to be trouble .
va	O	No doubt he realized he 'd have to push the issue if he wanted to arrest Levi , and then Joe might still stand in the way .
va	O	We are streaking over a summer thunderstorm and the small jet is getting bounced around .
va	O	He 'd told her she could leave , but he 'd never allow her to take the girls with her .
va	I	He moved closer to her , and Andrew could tell she was lying .
va	O	Rachel groped blindly for something to hold on to , but she was spinning wildly .
va	O	He saw the sorrow in her eyes , and he knew that she understood what hadn 't yet been said .
va	I	When it came to the important things in life , they couldn 't even agree to disagree , but they made love in such perfect unison .
va	O	I 'm sure that everything will be fine , but I 'm sure they want to do this privately .
va	O	He tried to speak , but no words came out .
va	I	They set off , Griff almost eager in whatever it was he intended and Jace nodded .
va	O	He staggered to his feet and Joni slid onto the carpet .
va	I	Their ground is beyond the gate , and pass through the second stone arch .
va	I	He protected me and I leaned close to the Prince .
va	O	She stretched out her hand to him , and he took it , settling beside her .
va	O	He kept telling himself this , and other things like it , until he 'd convinced himself what he did was okay .
va	I	That doesn 't matter because the green lies dead ahead but a large tree stands about twenty feet to your left .
va	O	The lock creaked but I hardly noticed .
va	I	She motioned with her eyes for me to look down and I looked at her .
va	I	Pandora rolled her eyes , and asked Marlon .
va	I	That was all I could see and I saw his face .
va	O	Make yourself useful to your brother and it might be restored one day .
va	O	They play rough , but I 've never seen them fight with anyone except one another .
va	O	Sean knew without expressing it , and Liam knew too , that they 'd stirred the surface of a current that ran deep .
va	O	The prince 's brows rose , and he turned to Captain Westfall .
va	I	He asked me to talk to her , and Andy told Paul about the first note .
va	O	The trail was steep , and her sneakers knocked dirt loose as she climbed .
va	O	A tiny smirk played on his lips , and then he became serious .
va	I	On the slow nights it sometimes got to me but moving here was a nice change of pace .
va	I	She knew it must be there , but she couldn 't feel his lust .
va	I	Then you 'd have to be able to spot it from above , and reaching the buildings below would be next to impossible unless you flew .
va	O	Rif had cared about her , but she had purple hair .
va	O	Neither could wait to go on another adventure but both knew it was out of their hands .
va	I	It was a big letdown , being Matthew , the King of Deceit - and it was the worst lie I ever told , seriously .
va	O	The third galley ran its nose onto the strand a little way from them , and Menelaus leapt down almost before it stopped moving .
va	O	I needed to do something , and that something was to find his damn cabin in the woods .
va	I	I gave him a rub , and the dog barked in confirmation .
va	O	He lets go of my wrists and I sit up .
va	I	I begin to get lost in the feeling of him , the heat of his mouth on mine , and my hands slide up to his cheeks .
va	O	The tires skidded on the wet road , and before Hanna knew it , the car had slid down the embankment .
va	O	He didn 't like it , but it was the bitter truth .
va	O	It alighted beside me , and I looked towards its entrance , half expecting to see someone .
va	I	I snuggled down in my bed , trying to get comfortable and the sound was soothing .
va	I	A small door opened , dumping a small pile of cast-iron pans loudly to the side and he pulled hard .
va	O	Johnnie understood what Peter wanted for the band and Peter knew how Johnnie felt about playing acoustic .
va	O	Blaze asks and Lark nods .
va	I	The four of us got out of the car to decide on snacks , and we found a spot in the back of the drive-in .
va	O	I am not sure what caused them , but the idea of it still haunts me .
va	O	I wished I could see his bright red hair feathers one more time , but the coffin was closed .
va	O	Jenna had a chance to see if her family was still alive , and we were going to take it .
va	I	Everyone searched for something to add , and continued the Big Boss .
va	I	Evie melted against him , and slowly his caresses grew more purposeful .
va	O	Edric 's eyes opened wide , and his jaw dropped .
va	I	The grain washed over the deck with a dry hiss and he tipped it over .
va	O	I wish it meant something to me , but it doesn 't .
va	O	She knew Luther would do anything for them , but she 'd never seen that side of him .
va	I	I walk to the bars , and cracking sounds echo through the pit .
va	I	After what had happened tonight , she knew she couldn 't , but she wanted to tell her parents the whole truth about Benji .
va	O	He didn 't like any of them , but this recent date was the last straw .
va	I	We ended up going everywhere together and these two became my closest friends .
va	I	I 'll skulk away home , and the gate will boom shut .
va	I	The water slid over his powerful , bare chest , and he rose from the water , easily , fluidly .
va	I	His attention was enough to break her otherwise good mood , but she wouldn 't talk to Realm .
va	I	Getting back won 't be as easy as we had thought , but we managed to get out of the city .
va	I	I was the cool , smart guy with the pretty girlfriend and maybe in another universe Blaine was the dork .
va	I	He never once breaks our stare and I begin to shudder beneath him .
va	I	A bloody last stand would still look good on the family record , but not the morale booster he 'd been hoping for .
va	I	He grew serious and the smile faded .
va	I	Most thought had vanished and my eyelids felt heavy .
va	O	I try to draw Elder 's gaze to me , but his narrowed eyes are focused on the ground .
va	I	Others had succumbed to pressure from the UK government , and some had already been closed down by the servers .
va	O	You gave your word , and you kept it .
va	I	At least the Jordanian knew how to choose a good weapon , but the man 's stench disgusted him .
va	I	First I need you to promise me you won 't scream , but I 'm going to take off the tape over your mouth .
va	O	You fight nasty monsters from other galaxies , or you don 't .
va	I	Her body froze beneath his and her wide eyes widened further .
va	I	I touched your cheek , and I removed my glove , one that was similar to the glove I am wearing now .
va	O	A sob escaped me , and I closed my eyes to keep where I was out of my mind .
va	I	She gives me space , and I give her space .
va	O	She was unconscious when they brought her in , but my contact there says her vitals are stable .
va	O	At first Alex expected people to come running , but no one was around to hear the commotion .
va	I	I was lightheaded , and my heart pounded .
va	I	He brushed the concern aside , but that other men would benefit bothered him marginally .
va	O	The water rushed down with a low roar , and tiny molecules of moisture brushed against their faces .
va	O	The two men had been adversaries since Justin , Lord Hawthorne , and Juliet had arrived in London .
va	O	I 'm assuming this is you , but I 'm not confirming anything to anyone .
va	I	Things fell into place very quickly and it was an exciting prospect .
va	O	I can barely make out the words , but the tone says all I need to hear .
va	I	My eyes opened wide and I rolled on the ground .
va	O	I don 't know what I expected him to have but I was fantasizing that maybe it was his resignation letter .
va	I	Mutually shared space as classmates , but I knew they were not friends .
va	O	He shrugged as if he didn 't care but she suspected he did .
va	I	Something about his presence was soothing , but his body was hard , like his unnerving eyes .
va	O	She 's a vampire , but she can still die .
va	I	When she tried to return it , he took her prisoner , and she told how he had left his wallet on the seat .
va	I	I took everything he said personal and when I was younger I didn 't realize that it was just the booze talking .
va	O	He stepped back , and she witnessed a flash of pain cross his eyes .
va	O	My ankle gave way , and I was down again .
va	O	Alec 's eyes flit up to mine and I see the last little bit of his grip loosen .
va	O	Nick smiled , but it was not a warm , friendly smile .
va	O	The voice was full of sadness , and it seemed to have a profound effect on Coleman , whose face grew whiter with growing apprehension .
va	I	It 's not going to be good the first time , but I know you 're freaking out about the sex thing .
va	O	Notebooks don 't walk away on their own , and we 're the only two in the house .
va	I	Now he couldn 't focus on anything else , but he 'd tried not to think about that .
va	I	When she was finished , Peter realized he couldn 't wait any longer for his father to get home , and she did .
va	O	Maryse moved as if she meant to go to Jace , but the Inquisitor held her back .
va	I	Gulls cried overhead , and the blackness of the water took over .
va	I	I stared out the window as trees rushed by , listening to rain patter on the windshield , and Walter sighed .
va	O	My befuddled mind had an inkling this was important , but I couldn 't make myself care .
va	O	Hammer was much bigger , but George had unparalleled tenacity .
va	O	Jessica wished that Jonathan were here already , but he was miles away , all the way on the other side of town .
va	I	The shaking of her body was only getting worse , but Sofia slowly nodded , acknowledging my gesture of reassurance .
va	I	Sitting in a pool of its own pinkish blood and the steak was still on the counter , cold .
va	O	Gary 's silence was comment enough , but Lorraine hurried on with the details , hoping to settle this before she left for Mexico .
va	O	She would have thought not , but the amusement on his face made her think he could .
va	O	I am not sure how much energy your body accepts and therefore I don 't want to try it .
va	O	I couldn 't make out the person inspecting the engine , but I could make out his jeans .
va	O	Lea was distracted from the view by a sound that was coming from behind , and she tried to hear it more clearly .
va	O	We weren 't too far at that point , but it was a good idea to rest .
va	O	She had so many questions for him , and now there would never be any answers .
va	I	I managed to keep typing , but my hands began to shake .
va	O	It was dark , and the village was almost deserted except for the late night theater crowd , who would be coming out at any moment .
va	I	Ali pulled away , and reality came tumbling back .
va	O	He 'd tried to like the girl , but his negative reaction to her was visceral .
va	I	I had to admit that it was probably true but I scowled at his assessment .
va	O	Face to face it would have to be , and she wasn 't looking forward to the meeting .
va	O	I know that Cel would not make you pregnant , but he has convinced himself of it .
va	I	A reek lay on the land about them , and the air above was heavy with fog .
va	I	He yo-yo 's back to you and you just tug on his string .
va	I	I hated it and it made perfect sense .
va	O	I swung again and his hand snapped out , catching my arm .
va	O	Yeah , I had been talking about Susan , but the implication was that she was like me .
va	I	She merely looked away from them , but I half waited for her to wilt beneath their obvious anger .
va	I	There were plenty of places she could stay outside of Marco 's apartment , and no , she didn 't .
va	I	He felt a strange sense of gratitude , and his father had prepared him for this .
va	O	She was looking at bedding and she totally dropped her shopping list under one of the pillows .
va	I	His tongue followed and his razor-sharp teeth grazed against her flesh .
va	O	The night air brushed frigid fingers over them , but Iona was toasty warm with Eric inside her .
va	O	I had no idea Callum and I were so loved .
va	I	He was moaning pitifully , and his eyes had been cut out .
va	I	He held it back but a curse built on his lips at his lack of control .
va	I	They roll right over you and you wear the Gray .
va	I	He pushed gently inside of me , causing us both to break into shuddering moans and his body draped over me .
va	I	She stared straight ahead , but I looked at Lizzie .
va	I	We formed a circle around him and Steve stopped us in front of the nurses ' station .
va	O	She was our go-between and I rarely had to deal with him .
va	O	Colin looked ready to say more , but she turned back to the other woman .
va	I	I wasn 't unreasonable , but I imagined that they were all holding their breath , waiting for me to throw some kind of tantrum .
va	O	They were enormously difficult chapters to write , for they dealt entirely with human irrationality , and that was a subject almost impossible for Andrew to comprehend .
va	O	He was so attractive in that uniform and he wore a badge on his chest .
va	O	It , too , was stained , and Jeremy found himself growing queasy .
va	I	Before he could open his mouth to respond to my threat , another voice jumped into the mix , but Kincaid smirked .
va	O	There was so much I wanted to tell him , about my feelings , about his , and I tried to put it into the kiss .
va	I	One of those tears he 'd been holding back fell onto his cheek , and ' I can 't talk about it , ' he said .
va	I	She lost herself in a torrent of hysterical laughter , and her mind replayed the elongated butchering of her name .
va	I	Her jeans hung low on her skinny hips and Cindy 's cheeks were sunk in .
va	O	She 's more than I deserve , but she consumes me .
va	I	He looked dirty and he hadn 't shaven since the last time I had seen him .
va	O	Ernesto reached her first , and slamming himself against her , he shoved her away from her spot so as to tumble down along with her .
va	O	I asked it as a joke , but I kind of really meant it .
va	O	He thought about Elle and how easily she had ended her own life , thinking she was doing Aran a favor by doing it herself .
va	I	What would we say to the cook , but chance could pick the lock ?
va	I	I realized I 'd chewed into the healing wound on my lower lip and my mouth stung .
va	I	The door slid open and I swiped it across the lock .
va	I	I was tempted to , to earn his respect - and I had the feeling he wanted me to cast it aside .
va	I	He found her neighborhood , her street , but he couldn 't make out individual houses .
va	I	My nerves are jumbled , but I point out , trying to be calm .
va	I	Then went over to help another customer , and she mentally gave herself one more pat on the back for adding games this last year .
va	O	Her eyes trailed the entire length of me , and if looks could kill , hers would maim .
va	O	She seems to think everything is normal up here , but she won 't listen to a word I say .
va	I	I could tell that Hailey really wanted me to go , and I didn 't have anywhere else to be .
va	O	She tilted her head to the side a little , to make it easier for him , and then she kissed him back .
va	I	Old wines made sweet by crisp , foreign bread and I felt deep shame when they brought me to the ancient church halls of distorted glass mosaics .
va	I	She vanished in his arms , and he reached out to grasp her hand .
va	I	All the concern Colin used to enjoy was focused on the pilot , and she turned to Knox .
va	O	Her dress was in rags and her shoes were made of wood .
va	I	She couldn 't allow it to explode here , and her temper had always been a major drawback .
va	O	It was a screen and finally , someone appeared .
va	I	I began undulating my h * ps into him and one of his hands moved down to my belly .
va	I	Then nothing about this place could be considered proper , but it was most improper .
va	I	It seemed like hundreds of people were out to make the most of their last night on the island and most of the shops were still open .
va	O	He was fourteen years older , but his gaze was like a child 's again .
va	I	I try not to let myself think about it , but half of me is scared Jayden will find out .
va	I	I 've rejected them all , but Eddie keeps bringing up possible fillers for the obvious hole in my boyfriend department .
va	I	Deep inside she didn 't think he was dangerous , but Philip might be hiding something .
va	I	I took another bite , and Rob crossed his arms .
va	I	The enemy shot volley after volley into our group , and Smoke from the musket fire was filling the room .
va	O	He guided my hair off my shoulder and I batted him away .
va	O	I may not have liked it , but I didn 't deserve this .
va	O	The blindfold was still in place and I was still restrained .
va	O	Her nerves were gone , and she could look at what happened with an open mind .
va	I	They weren 't answers she could understand , but he had an answer for everything .
va	I	Peter still wore a long jacket , but it was warm in the late October day .
va	I	My back hurt worse , and I curled tighter .
va	O	I want to throw myself into my dad 's arms , but I can 't open the stupid car door on my own .
va	O	The caterer 's wagon had been locked up tight , and many of the guests had gone home .
va	O	The Other Gods were there , and they did what was expected .
va	O	Just wait till they 've gone , and we 'll call for help again .
va	I	I could see recognition in his eyes , and he looked from one of my eyes , to the other .
va	O	He 'd refreshed the stack of wood the GP had used for its ceremony , and the flame there now glowed with a wonderful warmth .
va	I	Then this mysterious Lady was standing before him , and for a split second Thatch had been only thinking of The Baron .
va	I	We got out , and Kyle parked in a large field .
va	O	Jackson smiled and I saw his troubled eyes clear of uncertainty .
va	I	She had a sinking suspicion that he did not believe her explanation and his eyebrows furrowed together .
va	O	The deed was done and the show was over .
va	O	Sydney touched my arm , that now familiar tingling racing along my skin , and I turned to her .
va	O	His fingers ran across my cheek and he nipped at my nose .
va	O	He snarled and I choked as he punched me hard .
va	O	Your papa is a devil and your mama is a witch !
va	O	The elevator doors opened and we both stepped inside .
va	I	The dark coolness was welcoming and we stepped into the lounge .
va	O	There 's silence , and then Susie speaks .
va	I	She wasn 't so sure she shared his hope , but no disrespect intended .
va	O	The wound was not likely to leave a permanent scar , but he didn 't have the supplies to treat it properly .
va	O	The woman fell to the ground and he kicked her aside .
va	O	His knees buckled and he pitched forward , agony tearing through his body at supersonic speed .
va	O	It didn 't hurt , but she couldn 't think .
va	O	We will bivouac with you tonight and tomorrow you will come with us .
va	I	It crossed my mind , as I was being Gran 's courteous product , but no , I didn 't really say that .
va	I	The lead vehicle was now entering into the parking lot and the matte black S.W.A.T. vehicles were making the last turn .
va	O	This mess could go any number of different ways and dealing with it was way above my pay grade .
va	I	She knows he hears them nonetheless , but she doesn 't say the words .
va	I	I didn 't like what I saw but I saw her .
va	O	The more distance put between them and us the better .
va	I	She knew it , and things could have been much worse .
va	I	I hadn 't been paying attention , but Zayne had been speaking .
va	O	Jason ignored her but his eyes traveled to her lips .
va	O	Time healed nothing , but time made things different .
va	I	He wasn 't even trying to borrow money , and even his old so-called friends seemed to be avoiding him .
va	O	The silencing spell finally lifted , and we took turns introducing ourselves .
va	O	It 's empty , and then the streetlights turn on .
va	O	A clean shot through the temple was too easy on the one driving -- one of the parasites that had Junie and me captive .
va	O	I wanted to beg them not to trample my poor little just - plowed garden : but I decided that would be unfeeling .
va	O	Her magic blossomed around me , taking flight in the room and her face lit up with the sweetest , most loving expression I had ever seen .
va	O	Being able to be what I want in life isn 't the only issue , but I can 't talk to Mack about it .
va	O	He pulled her down on top of him , and they melted into each other .
va	O	Never been aboard myself , but it looked a fairly standard layout .
va	O	I sigh , almost wondering why I bothered , but I didn 't come all the way over here in the freezing cold for nothing .
va	O	She looked up at him , though she had not thought about the package and there was no change to her expression .
va	O	She removes a key that doesn 't look like it will fit the lock on the door , but it unlocks regardless .
va	O	Clay 's eyes lit up , and a spark of anticipation ran through him .
va	I	Hers melted against it , as she submitted , every part of her softening against me , into me , and my tongue invaded her mouth .
va	O	I looked at her with a frown and she shrugged her shoulders as she reached over to look at her phone .
va	O	When we get into the hallway , Asa spins and I take a startled step back .
va	O	Jade didn 't have a fake , so we weren 't going to be drinking , but finding parking didn 't sound appealing either .
va	I	We can fortify , and these trees will work to our advantage .
va	I	Donnie had seen better , but the show was Hawaiian in every sense of the word .
va	I	They were probably exaggerating , and I didn 't die .
va	O	I cleared my throat and they scattered like chickens .
va	I	She did so rapidly and surprisingly , so did the child .
va	O	Caleb paused for a moment and the others held their breath .
va	I	I didn 't , but I needed this .
va	O	His jaw worked wordlessly for a few seconds , but eventually he let out a small sigh .
va	I	It was completely out of character for her , and she acted like a pouty teenager .
va	O	She laughs out loud and it makes me laugh , too .
va	I	She didn 't like the look of that black hole up there , but she understood why Dee wanted to get out of the lower tunnel .
va	I	Snow had quit falling , but the sky was a pale , pearly gray .
va	I	I mean really crazy , and that horse went crazy .
va	O	Garrett heard furious whispers during the long pause and finally the king came back on the line .
va	O	He watched her cheeks flush , but she didn 't look away .
va	I	My backside was spewing steam rapidly and my body was beginning to overheat .
va	I	He telephoned Lara once a week , but Charles Cohn had left Glace Bay .
va	I	He seemed unharmed , and Dee studied every inch of Jacob .
va	I	Maybe it will be good , but it will be hard to separate myself from everything I know .
va	I	It would be my favorite , yet it would be a chapter in my life that was hard to look back on .
va	O	Vehicle sensors hadn 't been as sensitive as they were today , and the front end slammed into him .
va	I	The pupil was bright red and the right one was open .
va	I	He said what he felt anyway , but he was instantly filled with shame .
va	O	He growled , a low warning sound , slinking back toward the western rim , and I rethought my impatience .
va	O	We cannot enlist as soldiers in any army and we cannot attain notable rank .
va	O	They knew they were right and now it was a fact .
va	I	His descendant Miriam , the diplomat , died in no less spectacular a fashion than her forefather , and his family has been famous for generations .
va	I	I want to hurl my shoe at him and he licks his lips .
va	O	It was old equipment , and it wasn 't likely to listen to her pleas for help .
va	O	Given how he has acted about you , I would speculate he intends to ask you , but once the council rules , it will be final .
va	O	She was dressed the same but this time she had no bottle .
va	I	It was killing him , and every day , he had a better idea .
va	I	Her stomach was knotting in nervous anticipation and Gray would be home in just hours .
va	I	He took Lord Brogan 's outstretched hand eagerly and Relief entered Rand 's eyes .
va	O	Cy had made it a point to remain aloof since we met , and now he was walking me to my classes .
va	I	They need us and they need you .
va	O	He wanted to talk to her , but if anyone found out he could speak , he feared what they would do to him .
va	O	They had stepped well past the legal limits of manipulating code , and they were about to get in deeper .
va	I	The water 's not that high , and I was just down there .
va	O	She didn 't move away , and I wasn 't breathing anymore .
va	I	He knew Amara would never forgive him , and he 'd turned upon his own student .
va	I	I didn 't know how to say anything else , but this wasn 't how I 'd imagined our reunion with Maddy going .
va	O	I also told him I would happily give evidence in person , but he doubts it will come to that .
va	I	I went back to mine , and you went back to your old comforts .
va	I	Now it was pure anger that took over his thoughts , but he 'd been feeling sorry for himself for a split second .
va	O	I knew she loved me but she never showed it openly .
va	I	I can feel tears welling at the corner of my eyes , and he stares at me for a long moment .
va	O	I considered lying , but that wouldn 't help .
va	I	It didn 't matter in that moment , but I didn 't know what his return meant , what it signified for us .
va	I	She was also human , but she might 've been peculiar .
va	I	Diana squeezed his hand , and said Henry at last .
va	I	She could hear crowd noises coming from it , and there was a narrow alley next to her .
va	O	She 'll be like Sleeping Beauty , but you 'll know she 's not sleeping .
va	O	It was just down the block , and he needed time to think .
va	O	He roared with laughter and the men joined in , except Roberto .
va	I	I 'm curious now and I was curious before .
va	I	Angelina would stay this time and they would go home .
va	I	I pretended they weren 't talking about me , and Heat flooded my cheeks .
va	O	Management called the ambulance but it was too late .
va	I	Ethan was the last person to blame for the place to which she had fallen , but her mother had been manipulated into believing her a whore .
va	I	Nothing had changed in me but now I was going to be a father .
va	O	I want a home again , and I want a family someday .
va	I	His scraggly beard was cut by a broad smile , and the old man 's eyes lit .
va	I	It was going to take a little time , but luckily he knew someone in New York who thought he could hack in .
va	I	His tone was almost harsh , and his head came up quickly .
va	O	I wasn 't sure how many of them knew I was a cyborg , but I didn 't think that anyone actually cared .
va	I	I tried not to groan , and the tension ramped up from zero to sixty in a matter of seconds .
va	I	Her lips parted and her eyes widened .
va	O	Of course , she was an orphan , but at least she should have the decency to keep herself clean .
va	I	None of them were innocent , not even he ; but Toby felt guilty talking of his friend that way .
va	O	Her arms trembled in little spasms , and I could tell she was crying .
va	I	She had shown early suspicions of McKie 's secondary motives , and it had not been her first marriage .
va	I	She managed to hear something serious , but Lea didn 't want to intrude .
va	O	Nick 's shoulders tensed up against her likely fury , but Maxi was quiet .
va	O	I broke your trust and that 's what I regret the most .
va	I	She certainly entertained them somewhere in the Grotto , but she might not entertain gentlemen in her rooms .
va	O	Lyon knew all this , of course , and every day that passed the guilt grew stronger within him .
va	O	No , they hadn 't heard any more on Jason , and no one had called to say they 'd seen him .
va	I	His face was glowing with the brightest smile in the world and I looked over at Rian .
va	I	She held her hands out to take it in , and once the flames rose to waist level , she started to feel their warmth .
va	O	It made things pretty cramped with six people , but we managed .
va	I	The boy controlled his conveyance with a corded joystick and a duffle bag was looped across the bots midsection .
va	I	Unlike the stone of the first wall , this wall 's material resisted their assault tenaciously , but their scythes slashed down onto the smoothed granite .
va	O	We went shopping once already , but evidently that isn 't enough .
va	O	He stared at her with unmistakable hostility , and her confusion mounted .
va	O	Something about this hound dog pulled at her , but she was content just to have bought some extra time to find him a loving home .
va	I	I daresay your family does , too , and we 've got extra rooms on the ranch .
va	I	Either way , we 'd finally force ourselves to lie down again , but sometimes they would , sometimes they wouldn 't .
va	I	The ash his torn flesh turned to , and we have his blood .
va	I	They didn 't quite get the big picture , but she liked fishermen .
va	I	I take a swig of the ice cold beer which goes down way too nicely and our drinks arrive .
va	I	She felt herself shivering and the barn was cool .
va	I	She relaxed as she looked at me and I ran a hand down her hair .
va	O	It winded him , but it wasn 't enough .
va	O	Billy wanted to help but I waved him back .
va	O	Anderson started to speak and Nathan just kept talking .
va	O	She tried to protect me , but he 'd punish her , terrible punishments if she didn 't do what he said .
va	I	Whenever Cronus did appear somewhere near Calliope , she was quick to find an excuse to leave , and they were rarely in the same room together .
va	I	I texted Daemon anyway , but it was near midnight .
va	O	She reached behind her to brace herself and her hand caught the handle of something .
va	I	It took her mind off of her own situation , and there was something more exciting in the hospital than her .
va	O	My palms sweat , and the marker slips from my grasp .
va	O	The air 's so cold , and poor Marita is in shock .
va	O	Maybe sending a fireball down was out of the question , but I was pretty sure I could provide a good distraction .
va	I	She stopped by my nook nearly every day , but Jules hadn 't joined me for lunch again .
va	O	He was her touchstone , and she needed him .
va	O	Jane nodded with determination , realizing that it was a necessary task and she wasn 't being left behind merely because she was a girl .
va	I	Yet another moan slipped through my lips and he pressed me further into the bed .
va	O	I once thought of him to be something different , someone I could look upon , but the confusion has been cleared .
va	I	His member was hard against his jeans and Blood had rushed to his groin .
va	O	Death was never discussed , but neither was it disregarded .
va	I	The engine fired to life and he turned the key over .
va	I	He turned back to scan the parking lot as Mike ran out on to the pavement and the forty five in his hand came back up .
va	O	Our eyes locked and I knew without a doubt that she too was attracted to me .
va	I	She pulled him tighter against her skirts , and the little boy made a small whimper .
va	O	She knew this and she hated it just as much as felt strangely safe in knowing it .
va	O	He 'd expected one thing from me , but I gave him another .
va	O	I have known her father for a very long time , and I consider him a friend .
va	I	She could see lines of tension in his face , and there was a hard edge to the set of his jaw .
va	O	Yeah , I kind of had a little bit , but I wasn 't going to admit that to him .
va	O	The dawn exacted a glowing radiance to the forest outside , and the effect filled the inside of the hut as well .
va	I	I eat a bit , but I 'm not really hungry .
va	I	They 'd always been raw , but she 'd had a ton of daydreams about him .
va	O	He wipes his forehead with the back of his hand and his long bangs stick to the side of his face .
va	I	I realized it was mine , and a scream filled the car .
va	O	He motioned to touch me , but I shied away from him .
va	O	Nic 's eyelids fluttered , and he mumbled something foul .
va	O	It 's not an official knock , but at least he makes an attempt .
va	I	Carrie didn 't look this way , but Riley 's eyes latched with mine .
va	O	There was a castle behind that wall , and we were about to step into it .
va	I	She grinned , and Judith puckered her lips .
va	I	There was no way out and the trap was sprung .
va	I	The very few people we saw , didn 't come out that far to bother us and she 'd parked on the edge of the lot .
va	I	They each held their own powerful secrets , and there were two worlds , two different realities .
va	O	I used to bite , but then my mother would have an aneurysm when she 'd see what I 'd done to my manicure .
va	O	She had been afraid to let herself think about it , but she now realized she really expected Jack to stay .
va	I	I 'm glad to see the barrister nonetheless , but I don 't need someone at my bedside .
va	O	I felt his arms around me , his big , strong body and I paid close attention to the wonder of his vow sinking deep .
va	I	Still they savored each other , delighting in the passion they could finally share , but they were both drenched with sweat .
va	I	Now you can 't even get across the damned river , and you couldn 't defeat us in open battle !
va	I	I felt his absence everywhere , and he moved away .
va	I	I didn 't care , but it was deep , my sleepy voice really hoarse .
va	I	She headed out of the kitchen before Brick could protest , and ' I 'm going to have a bath , ' Henrietta decided .
va	I	He knew what someone who 'd totally checked out looked like , but he hadn 't had the pleasure of meeting Arden Jones .
va	I	Lia wouldn 't take the time , but in my own body , I had a tendency to sit up first .
va	O	He so wanted to be her father and he was such a good one for the two years that he was there .
va	I	He opens for me , and I lick across the seam of his lips .
va	I	I could see that she was worried he might do something to me and she looked scared .
va	O	I looked up , and Archer met my eyes .
va	I	Vitale would hunt down those that had been lost , and Signore Antonio had copies of many of these books .
va	O	A strangled sound came from her throat and she clapped a hand to her mouth .
va	O	Little specks of green dotted the sauce and I smelled the basil from the rising , swirling steam .
va	O	It was a little tight with the five of them inside , but the thought of falling asleep exposed to giant mosquitos made it entirely bearable .
va	I	He would do his duty , but he had little enough stomach for either task .
va	O	She 'd managed to undo my smile , but I tried to speak lightly .
va	O	I swear I tried to be strong , but everything inside me was calling to her .
va	O	Andrew interjects and I can see he is impressed with my reasoning .
va	I	I can 't , but I want to say yes .
va	I	All pitched in , getting plates , cups , etc. for our miniature party and we entered the small kitchen together .
va	O	A bunch of chatter came in and you could tell the reporters were dying to ask questions .
va	I	She 's not going to keep buying that you took too much Benadryl because of your allergies and Mommy will be home soon .
va	I	I love them , too , but I love you , Al .
va	I	I was unrelenting , but my ears stung at her words .
va	O	Teagan 's blood cooled , pooling at her knees and she slid into a nearby chair .
va	O	Twice Dan had given his word , and he was bound twice over .
va	I	There seemed nothing else within range , but the Pedestrian was too experienced to build any very sanguine hopes on this .
va	I	The Dasher closed rapidly and Thomas was staggering now .
va	I	I made my way upstairs and she made me feel better .
va	I	I wished that I had my warm cloak , and it was snowing lightly .
va	I	Others were completely foreign to him but he recognized some of the foods .
va	I	I also believed him then , with stars in my eyes , and Trust me , he has done that to me as well .
va	I	He didn 't seem to want to go either and she didn 't want him to leave the knitting factory .
va	I	She hadn 't been focused on me at all , and she 'd been trying to drag Michael off then .
va	I	The light from the fire was floating to the sky and they made their way down the pathway to the beach .
va	I	It rarely turned out well for Ash 's side , but the High Tribunal was supposedly neutral , like Nicolae .
va	O	At one time I carried it with me , but after all these months I 'd become careless .
va	O	I got out of the truck and Devin grabbed my hand .
va	I	Suddenly he seemed to come back to life and she tried a smile .
va	O	Dr. Redding hesitated for a moment , and then he touched her hand gently .
va	O	I can breath a little easier now and it calms me enough to refocus .
va	O	Her hand flexed , and every inch of her body jumped to life .
va	I	Helio went to answer , and the door chimes sounded .
va	O	She thought she knew , but he 'd already won this round .
va	O	An elbow hits me in the side , and I stumble against a woman holding a large glass of red wine .
va	I	I certainly didn 't feel like running on a full stomach , and I was comfortable , though .
va	I	They believed him nonetheless , but the legal reasons behind his quest for a unanimous verdict were not clear .
va	I	Snapping on gloves and I heard Jenkins cursed .
va	O	The streetlights along the cobblestone paths cast out golden glows , but shadows cloaked the rest of the area .
va	I	He saw a shadow in the hall , and Cold air settled over his bed .
va	I	Twice they were able to lure a student to their warehouse , but at first they 'd used prostitutes .
va	O	It was a beautiful animal , and had Celaena not known better , she would have thought it purebred .
va	O	It proved to be a workout and by the end we were sweating .
va	I	We follow fast behind her and she runs back out .
va	I	It 's implicit in his tone , but he can 't shrug .
va	I	His raging boner took forever to go down , but he spent longer in the bathroom than intended .
va	O	The funeral follows , and your life continues while someone else 's has stopped .
va	O	A sense of melancholy came over him and he was silent for several minutes .
va	I	She 'd rejected him , and he 'd tried to force her to stay with him .
va	I	He tossed it over a chair and he let his morning coat slide off his arms .
va	O	The interview was terminated , but the forensic tests continued .
va	O	Before Kylie could decide what to do , the door opened and a nose peeked through the crack .
va	I	It seemed a reasonable response , and it was easier than keeping it up .
va	I	He spoke to her and she stared at him .
va	I	They had died trying , but they might have failed at protecting Misha in the end .
va	O	Well , Liz is at home right now , and we 're kind of here on newspaper business .
va	O	She winked at the clerk , and both of them dissolved into a fit of giggles .
va	O	There were some guardrails , but many areas had none .
va	O	I could tel by the look on his face he didn 't believe me , but he didn 't push it .
va	I	He had already vanished , but she turned to tell Will to hurry away .
va	O	My body felt exhausted and I was severely fatigued .
va	O	I pulled my mouth away and Mrs. Snyder 's chest sank .
va	I	If I were a werewolf , there 's no way I 'd make a challenge against Marcus , but I don 't know much about him .
va	I	That was my aunt 's domain , but the auction would be next week .
va	I	It was like all of it all the time , but I could describe the feeling a hundred different ways .
va	I	He paused momentarily before opening it , and an unopened envelope lay sitting on the top of his desk .
va	I	From their position they had a wide view of the mountains , and after midday King Ignis halted the army on a hilltop .
va	O	He didn 't like the sound of that , but there was nothing he could do except wait .
va	O	I wish I could help you , but I 'm afraid you need a real professional to help you with these issues .
va	I	I wasn 't sure I believed it , but that sort of made sense .
va	I	He paid them no mind , but dancers cleared the floor around them , gawking .
va	O	My body gave in , not able to take it anymore , and I convulsed around him as I came for the second time .
va	O	Stopped all of my words and nearly stopped my heart too .
va	O	I 've seen him a thousand times , pretty much every day since the day I was born , but things are different now .
va	O	Bonus credit was paid for risks , and risks on Renaissance were usually in the life-and-death category .
va	O	We invited the hotel manager to vacation in the U.S. at the expense of our company , and I hope he accepts .
va	I	I relaxed into her embrace , and mom pulled me toward her .
va	I	She was trying , but she was not Adam 's biggest fan .
va	O	I thought Judy was trying to do a good thing , but I wasn 't ready to be analyzed .
va	O	It saddens me greatly that a whole people should so restrict their chances of finding happiness , but happiness does not come solely from possession .
va	O	He could smell a light perfume , and she was wearing a slip that only went down to her knees .
va	I	She didn 't sound pleased to be bothered again , and it was the same woman who 'd answered her last two calls .
va	O	I looked around for his shadow , but there was no Warren in sight .
va	O	Her bikini top is undone and her back is evenly brown .
va	O	she asked , wondering why that name came to her mind , but somehow it seemed only right that she should call him that .
va	I	Tobias ' face is grim , which one again causes goose bumps to form on my arms and I look back over my shoulder .
va	O	He doesn 't seem to notice , or if he does , he 's nice enough not to say anything .
va	I	There 's nothing on the back , but I flip the paper over .
va	I	The strain was endless , and I had performed nursing care for my son for months .
va	I	I don 't think either of us was planning on going anywhere anyway , but we both nod .
va	I	The three started moving once more , their growing entourage of armed soldier escorts following quietly behind , and Victor nodded .
va	I	She was no athlete , but she cold hold her own athletically .
va	I	I 'll see what they say and I know a few of them .
va	I	I couldn 't stop reading , but maybe it was the fact that it was forbidden .
va	I	Ever since then , all Smitten Kittens doubled as official cheater catchers , and Mary drafted the official handbook .
va	I	She understood how Toby felt , but Rachel was happy for them .
va	O	Anna 's voice sounded kind , but Pete knew she was disappointed .
va	O	I paused as I reached the door and I stood there for a second feeling sad as I thought about Caroline .
va	I	The sea takes the body away , and whoever is there performs the blessing .
va	I	He is going to put up a hell of a fight before he lets that happen , but Alexander is going to die .
va	I	He gripped the breathing mask , and Lange 's withered arm rose .
va	I	A heat cloud rushed towards us and the flame rose up .
va	O	She kicked the front seat back into position , and Matt did likewise .
va	O	His soft breath fell upon her cheek and she looked down to hide her blush .
va	I	When it spilled out , the crops would be finished , and the St. Francis couldn 't hold much more .
va	O	The bell had rung for first period , but I stayed frozen in place , my mind racing with what to do next .
va	O	You were out cold and he so kindly told me that now I was his because you couldn 't do a damn thing about it .
va	O	I wasn 't sure what Mr. Heston looked like , but I didn 't see anyone that could be him .
va	O	Steve turned back to face his friend and Lindy couldn 't remember when his dark eyes had been more intense .
va	I	His grin stretched across his face like taffy pulling apart and he nodded .
va	I	I just laughed even harder , but I should have tackled her .
va	O	It might take longer , but it would be done .
va	O	I 'd love to go see March , but they probably wouldn 't let me in .
va	I	Seductive capitalism was having its way , but Beijing was still firmly Communist .
va	I	I decided to ask and she was laughing too .
va	I	It swung inexplicably open ahead of him before he touched it , but he raised his other hand to push it open .
va	I	She would not waste an ounce of that on him , but she had always been able to charm any man .
va	O	Payton was about to start her attack on Lea , but Payton got a surprise .
va	O	Just when he was about to touch her , she struggled again , and her breasts quivered .
va	O	Max lowers his head , and Mr. Burke continues .
va	O	She had on one of Ty 's college sweatshirts and it hung down to her knees .
va	O	They don 't understand , but it 's not a big surprise .
va	O	I had been dating him for just about nine months now , and I had learned quickly .
va	O	Jared began to speak again , but a smal group of young men shot at us from above .
va	O	The Walmart had all manner of food , but I wonder if we 'll see many fresh vegetables here on out .
va	I	I swat at his hand and he pulls my hair again .
va	O	They may not know each other all that well , but anyone could see that Alex was upset over something .
va	O	Sure , twins required extra watching , but otherwise , everyone seemed convinced I was the model of a perfect pregnancy .
va	I	There were no notes , no sign he 'd even read any of them , but I flipped through the pages of each book quickly .
va	O	Another dragon flew under the one Izzy held on to , and that 's when Izzy released her grip on the mane .
va	I	Richardson knew it was too late , but beyond the glass windows several marines had arrived .
va	O	Op Nine might be a SPA , answerable to no laws except the natural ones , but these things answered to no rules period .
va	O	I glanced at her , and she offered a wry grin .
va	I	From there it would be signaled out to the entire nation within seconds , and the images were fed into the newsrooms .
va	O	They all carry guns , but nobody has used one .
va	O	His hair was a bit shaggy , and his face wasn 't closely shaved .
va	I	She knew it was to ease the tightness in his groin and this time Jake shifted beneath her .
va	O	It was still early yet and I probably shouldn 't be so hard on the guy .
va	I	I noted the light in my father 's den , and we pulled into the drive a few minutes later .
va	I	That didn 't stop them from fighting , but they were bloody , tired .
va	O	He tugged a little harder and my gaze snapped to his .
va	O	She strained toward him , but their position hindered her .
va	O	The entrance door was propped open , and the man took little notice of Mark when he walked in .
va	O	They returned his apartment , their apartment , and Ethan started to bid her a good night .
va	O	Zella smirked at me like I was an idiot , but I continued .
va	O	Layla was sparkling like a diamond by the end of the evening , and he thought she looked like she 'd always belonged here .
va	O	Jess had struck a nerve and she regretted it .
va	O	He looked away again as he said this , out towards the street , and I followed his gaze .
va	I	I was on my way and we shook hands .
va	O	Tom yanked his arm again and this time Mack let go .
va	I	I will die at the hands of a Lurker , or I will either die at the hands of whatever has me trapped .
va	I	Their cultures appeared to be nearly identical , but they might live in a different Domain .
va	O	I struggled with my own , and in that moment I let her in .
va	I	The processional began , and Robin released my hand with another pat .
va	O	She knew that John Williams was bad news , and she needed to stay far away from him .
va	O	She had had to deal with Kyle , and that had not resulted in her ousting him from her apartment , though she wished it had .
va	O	Our first concert was in two days and we started traveling tomorrow .
va	O	She put it inside and I followed her as she made her way to Tyler 's bedroom .
va	I	I didn 't know what it was , but for so many years , I 've been missing something in my life .
va	O	He didn 't like being called a dummy but he let it go .
va	O	I swung my leg over the railing and they all began howling like Indians .
va	O	Tears stung her sinuses and she looked down , away from his scrutiny .
va	I	Because she cared for him , she listened patiently , and Howard would talk baseball by the hour with her .
va	O	There were tall pines everywhere and a small runoff creek nearby .
va	I	She stopped him with her hands , but he started to float back down .
va	I	I began sliding backwards and my feet lost traction .
va	O	It went down and I finished it with cold steel straight through the heart .
va	O	We 're ready to leave when the guys return , and Anna approaches the St. Clair - shaped blob .
va	I	Every space was full of toys that most seven-year-old boys only dreamed about , and colorful balloons floated on the ceiling .
va	I	I almost choked on my breath , and my gaze snapped sharply in his direction .
va	I	It seemed like the right thing to do at that moment but I didn 't usually drink during the middle of the day .
va	O	Grant 's hand tightened on me and he pulled me closer to him .
va	O	She didn 't know if she should open it up , but her curiosity didn 't give her much of an option .
va	I	He owed his longtime friend this courtesy , but he wondered if he was making a mistake going in alone .
va	O	I was only 35 , but I don 't think age was what she meant .
va	O	It might be weird , but it was part of human beings ' ability to adapt .
va	I	It was Stefan 's hand that was gallantly offered to me , but my door was opened by the valet .
va	I	I follow his lead and Damien gets off Bronco .
va	I	When I put my knee on the bed to climb up , Harlin nods his approval , and soon I 'm standing there in a bikini .
va	O	He moved swiftly toward her to help , but Jaxon was so alarmed that she brought the gun up .
va	O	It wasn 't much , but it was something she could call a friend .
va	I	He picked from among them a wife , and he was considered handsome by many female toads .
va	I	Once her cheek settled against him she absorbed a sense of peace that had long evaded her , but Maddie stiffened at first .
va	I	Della had a vampire thing that morning , and Kylie spotted Miranda eating with the witches .
va	I	He could hear it in her voice , and her body shook with panic .
va	O	My head is spinning and there is nothing I want more than to get out of there .
va	I	I was the only one in whom he confided but you all heard them .
va	O	Jack got Cliff a Coke , but Tamsin waved the query off .
va	I	She bowed her head in confusion and they were so excited , so proud .
va	I	A hand grabbed him by the collar , but dazed , Nikolas stood up again to charge .
va	O	He was being helped by others , and as spectators rehashed what had happened , she caught the gist of what went on .
va	I	I imagined I could almost feel their icy breath on my skin , and their weapons rattled in the dark .
va	I	Rush hadn 't filled in the details , but she knew there 'd been someone else .
va	I	He settled down for a little while , and the feeding tube was removed from his nose .
va	O	Anne laughed as she said it , but Sally gave only a thin smile .
va	O	Dancing was the only activity he enjoyed with a woman , and he regretted that court dancing was no longer in vogue .
va	I	He inhaled a shaky breath and his lips parted just slightly .
va	O	The moon is full tonight and we tend to be a little restless .
va	O	If the Librarians didn 't burrow in during the next fifteen minutes , the dome would shatter and the Librarian armies would rush in .
va	I	Denny scanned the room quickly and we walked inside the doors .
va	O	I know you don 't want to come back to this world and I don 't blame you .
va	I	This takes honesty , and this takes time .
va	I	She seems to get it , but I don 't know how .
va	I	My skin crawled , and I heard a soft slither behind me , like wet cloth over cement .
va	O	She wasn 't sure how that had happened , but it felt so right .
va	I	I jogged towards them , and the distance to the nearest group was about twenty yards .
va	I	I don 't think it 's really all too fair but Fort Worth has half the bragging rights to the name .
va	O	All I knew was my best friend was there with me and I couldn 't have been happier .
va	I	Liam had no intention of contacting him and his alleged father was a class-A bastard .
va	O	He hadn 't slowed in the slightest with his clipping , and Bryson was starting to look downright handsome as a result .
va	I	She didn 't really like talking to him as much as she thought she would and he was beginning to get a little creepy .
va	I	I found myself alone and it wasn 't long before my little celebration was over .
va	O	One day Lara was working in the kitchen when she came across an advertisement in a magazine , and her breath caught in her throat .
va	O	He may have been driving too fast , but the small accidents weren 't his fault .
va	I	I don 't think he was really a bit sorry , but he apologized beautifully for disturbing me at home .
va	I	The woman had , but the child hadn 't seen the truth of his terrible existence .
va	I	His eyes never left Aya , but Captain Kalen had stood , then formally saluted the Emperor .
va	O	Luke was every bit as striking in his good looks as his older brothers , but he dressed to play it down .
va	O	He laughed , but Keller heard a note of despair in it .
va	I	It was the first time he told someone how badly it hurt to be ripped off , but she already knew the story .
va	O	It was better than a wheelchair , but I hated the looks people would give me .
va	O	In her confusion , the tears stopped , thankfully , but the deep sadness on her face didn 't in any way disappear .
va	I	I 'm not really too fond of these kinds of places , and a stairwell leads deep underground .
va	O	He was nodding as Phil talked , and his dark eyes were coolly regarding Reuben .
va	I	I hadn 't moved from the swing on the porch but I had hung up with her over ten minutes ago .
va	I	Rose stared at him shocked , and the order left his lips .
va	O	His body went limp and he slipped into unconsciousness .
va	O	I haven 't showered and my luggage has vanished .
va	I	Then John can move on without having to make the decision to leave , and we 'll give the crew a nice severance pay .
va	I	He still hasn 't gone to her but days past already from he woke up .
va	O	Burnett 's phone rang and he snatched it up .
va	O	He was on his feet again , outside and breathing the fresh air of his illuminated Underworld .
va	I	The rest of us are only human , but Vel may have senses that can compensate .
va	I	She was completely blind as to where to even begin , but she tried to think of a way to help him .
va	O	He shoved his finger up higher and I gasped .
va	O	They were not counted among the most skilled , but the dead men had still been good soldiers .
va	I	She reached to twine her fingers around his wrists , and her hips bumped the table .
va	O	The phosphorescence of the brooding clouds shewed it plainly , and even silhouetted parts of it as vapours glowed behind .
va	O	My contractions clenched around him and the wave slowly rolled up my body , making my stomach shudder .
va	O	The last blue flame flickered against her palms and she closed her fists to snuff it out .
va	I	The signs were not needed , but signs advised visitors to keep out .
va	O	Facing five wolves would be easy for him , and suddenly Willow feared for the werewolves ' lives .
va	I	Body language made clear that both were angry , but they exchanged some quiet remarks .
va	I	The idyllic life has changed , but it 's been good for the economy .
va	O	Certain things were determined the moment she was conceived and there 's nothing anyone can do to change that .
va	O	This was a fancier house than the others I 'd looked at , and the price reflected that .
va	I	He took mine and I took his picture .
va	O	At first , I don 't dare even move , but eventually , the desire to touch Ivy wins out .
va	I	The pair fought over the uneven rocky ground and the death vamp had drawn in his wings .
va	O	There 's only so much cold shoulder I can take , and besides , I know for sure I won 't have any mail .
va	I	I only want to lie like this forever , and the sweet scent of jasmine reaches my nose .
va	O	His dark gaze intensified and his voice lowered intimately .
va	I	I knew she understood how hard it was for me to open this part of myself to her and her eyes were soft .
va	O	When I return , Echo is asleep , and I lie awake for a different reason .
va	O	One of my claws slid out and I pointed it at him .
va	O	He had not visited it for a year and it smelled like a rotten egg .
va	O	Two of the doctors are male and one is female .
va	I	The lights flicker back on and eventually the wind picks up .
va	O	I 'm not even a crier , yet for some reason , I seem to be crying a lot lately .
va	O	Uncontrollable shivers were vibrating through her entire body , and her nipples were so tight that they ached .
va	O	The Bishop applied himself to his fruit , giving it all his attention , and I stammered .
va	O	He had been too distracted and he should have known better .
va	I	Windows locked right now because someone out there knew and her shades were drawn .
va	I	He 'd never feel right knowing he was profiting from her work , and the thought hadn 't crossed his mind .
va	I	My muscles tensed , ready to run if she tried again , and every inch of me felt as if I were on fire .
va	I	I can barely catch my breath , and it 's a deep belly laugh .
va	O	They had come a long way over the last couple of days but he just couldn 't focus enough at school .
va	I	I know of only one that would risk being captured by Scarborough 's men ... and only men of illegitimate birth are given such a name .
va	O	I liked the way she said it , and we sat together , hands clasped tightly .
va	I	She thinks she ´ s a gymnast and she ´ s almost at the top .
va	I	He saw it , but she tried not to show her surprise .
va	I	In doin ' so , he likely saved my life , but he beat me senseless , that is beyond a doubt .
va	I	He wasn 't to know , but that was patently not the case .
va	O	We had a bet and I lost this time .
va	O	My heart started pounding , and I shook my head .
va	I	We couldn 't stay where we were and I had agreed to look for the railway line because I couldn 't come up with anything better .
va	I	Wrinkled clothes were strewn across the floor , and a set of white Christmas lights lined the perimeter of her room .
va	O	Our eyes met across the lobby , and he moved toward me , slicing through the room as though it were empty .
va	I	It did throw his attack off course , but it wasn 't enough to incapacitate him .
va	I	I 'm not one of them , but some people have the instinctive knack .
va	I	The little hairs on my arms stood straight up , and I still felt like someone was watching me .
va	I	It looks totally ordinary in the serving bowl , and it smells like popcorn while it 's popping .
va	O	Curiosity overruled her anger ... and she listened as he explained exactly what being the mate of a vampire really meant .
va	I	She began to panic , and she couldn 't remember .
va	I	Then , they already knew that , but the lock-on was also performing perfectly .
va	O	Ayanna didn 't spend much , but a little couldn 't hurt .
va	O	He would need the respect of the kingdom and protecting the people while a war raged north of them would earn that respect .
va	O	Tara had been missing since John 's revelation and Dmitri had only left to get a drink .
va	I	He sounded okay , but he was hoarse .
va	O	The concrete floor was cracked , and water seeped through the crevices .
va	I	She began to wonder whether she was the victim of false memories , and the memory of this session had floated back into Kathy 's consciousness .
va	I	She 'd be caught if she 'd gone anywhere near the official chambers , and she has no excuse to be there .
va	O	The band stopped in confusion , and people crowded toward the exit to see what was happening .
va	O	Sean tried to smile at his own joke , but it came out tired .
va	O	Paintings hung on all the other walls , but this one had large empty spaces on either side of the lamps .
va	I	She felt like she was backed into a corner , but she wasn 't interested in a heart-to-heart with him .
va	I	He was still sick but he was now clear-headed .
va	O	It had been put together quickly , but it had been thorough .
va	I	His list of friends was equally small and most of his family had passed away .
va	O	I haven 't seen her play , but she kicks ass on the machines .
va	I	They all showed up at the cooking tents very early the following morning , and before it was over , I had thirty-five willing hands .
va	I	It 's killing me , and I 've brought home a shell of my brother .
va	I	Even more clearly hadn 't been opened up for weeks and it was clearly just used for storage .
va	O	He stares at me , but he doesn 't push .
va	O	There were lights inside , but she still saw no movement .
va	O	Nic flinched , and I jabbed my elbow into his stomach .
va	O	His eyes widened , and soon he clasped his own gun .
va	I	He drew his sword , and the man turned around .
va	O	Kate said he signed a record deal a few months back , and I 've heard a few of his songs on the radio .
va	O	She 'd decided on a course , and so far it was going well .
va	I	Tying me up in the basement and it was like one of those Saw movies complete with crazy masks .
va	I	His next sentence made Alex groan but this didn 't upset Alex .
va	I	I felt pretty in it , but I had been saving it for Uncle Louis .
va	I	The queue shuffled forward to fill the void and the man walked away .
va	I	A shadow appeared against the patch of blue sky visible through the jagged hole in the roof and Rapid footsteps sounded above our heads .
va	O	You said it would be this way , and I told you that it was okay .
va	I	He could catch her scent and she adjusted it so it rested high on his shoulders .
va	O	I know I should reject it , but once again , I do not .
va	O	He opened the door , and they crept inside .
va	I	The slick slide of her body on his signaled his erection for an encore , and she squirmed as if trying to get free .
va	I	I wondered what it was , and that buzzing was still there , closer .
va	I	That hardly seemed important , but his clothes were gone .
va	O	Before I could finish my question however the door had opened again and the room began to fill up with the usual players .
va	O	Most of the crew were now lolling about the deck , unconscious , and most of the whiskey was gone .
va	O	I don 't know how we all managed to keep from laughing as she got away with it , but we did .
va	I	No one cared that I was sad and my life was getting dismantled in a crazy tornado of activity .
va	O	We turned around and Tracy was standing behind us .
va	I	I didn 't sleep much last night , and it 's been a strange twenty-four hours .
va	I	I could feel them building up inside me , seeping through my skin , but I trusted Al to answer them all in time .
va	I	Then she knocked , and they glanced at each other with raised eyebrows as they heard the sound of a lute from inside .
va	O	* * * Bruce died from his injuries and blood loss .
va	O	Ty smirked as he looked over at Zane , but the smile faded as he cleared his throat .
va	I	She was looking at me in the rearview mirror , but at first I thought she was caught up in her tangle with Ace only .
va	O	That sent us into a frenzy and we had to flee the theater in fear we 'd be flogged .
va	O	She looked to see if he was joking but his expression looked perfectly serious .
va	O	Now , I am poor at doing the magic , but as I say , I manage to get by .
va	O	The door to the room was right beside her , but the handle was on the opposite side from her .
va	O	The document was market Top Secret and Robert was surprised as he reviewed the contents that they 'd passed it to him .
va	I	I 'm keeping him company and he 's a lonely widower .
va	I	Most of the miners didn 't make it out again and there was a mine disaster there not long ago .
va	I	He finally made it , and one painful , clumsy step after another .
va	I	Rafe observed her hands clench in to fists , and Sparks of anger flew from Adele 's eyes .
va	I	The cursor blinked inside , and the message box opened .
va	O	They said to sign the form and he 's free to go .
va	O	We 'd both crossed the river a hundred times before , but today felt different -- an air of warning lingering around us .
va	O	Her stomach hurt because he was her father , but he wasn 't her daddy .
va	O	Not exactly a metropolis , but it sure was pretty .
va	I	That is far from acceptable , and you are being kept behind .
va	I	I hate myself for it , and he hasn 't been the same since I told him about Lacey .
va	O	They reached Mitchell 's chartered boat , and Kate 's attention turned to the task of getting Max aboard .
va	I	It was now Thursday evening , and the days had flown by .
va	O	The thought should have made David feel better about the situation , but then again , the Swarm had wanted many other hostages alive .
va	O	Now he was gone , and both of our worlds were thrown off-balance .
va	I	I smiled at the waiter and Seth looked at me .
va	O	Copper was the toughest metal gentry could wield , and even if it wasn 't as effective as steel , it could still kill .
va	I	He 's got tentacles everywhere and he 's building an army .
va	O	He glanced briefly at his watch , and I took the chance to eye the incredible build of his arms .
va	O	They all laughed at that and Indie leaned over to place Jessica in her mother 's arm .
va	I	Sam was certain they had the identity of Frank 's thirty-three year-old victim from the Priory , but the address given became more important now .
va	O	I had never heard a grown man cry , but it wasn 't as scary as I had expected .
va	O	He might be challenging her , but she was knee-deep in this task because she couldn 't stand to cause him another moment of pain .
va	O	Josh really was alive and a woman named Claire had taken care of him .
va	O	Bad guys didn 't stop for time-outs and neither could I. I didn 't bother to creep down the staircase .
va	I	For the moment it fell to him to find the lad , but he would discipline the rogue after sunrise .
va	I	This time I could feel the heat of the morphing fire , and the dragon made another appearance .
va	I	They did stagger the much smaller girl but he could land only a few blows .
va	O	Brian Cooper explained that he had ridden around for a month with an FTO , but they 'd needed him on patrol .
va	I	It seemed less important than Padme 's love , but the power was there .
va	I	It felt a bit lacking , but she tried to arch her eyebrow to match Calla 's .
va	I	I was unable to move and something inside me had died .
va	I	He couldn 't resist leaning forward to taste and a soft , grateful smile reached her lips .
va	I	The kids were asleep and it was past midnight .
va	I	Holding three drinks made it difficult , but I tried to inch around him .
va	O	The sea rushed against the ship , a constant murmur , and their passage left trails of luminescence in their wake .
va	O	I 've got a good job and I couldn 't be happier .
va	O	Chapter 20 It wasn 't Luigi 's , but it would do .
va	I	He returned her regard with a bland look of his own , and Pia eyed him .
va	O	My parole officer 's brows pucker again , and he reaches for his clipboard .
va	I	You are so compromised and you lose one sense ?
va	I	It hadn 't generated this acute level of sexual excitement but for her it had been a physical pleasure breast-feeding Theo .
va	O	She shook her head with conviction , but her subsequent stuttering contradicted the motion .
va	I	He crashed down against the tabletop , where he whimpered from the pain of smacking his forehead against the solid wood , and she released him .
va	I	Four Praetorian guards came forth and he motioned toward the door .
va	O	I kept you , promising myself every day that I wouldn 't become attached , but you stole my heart , Selena .
va	I	I could see I was having no effect on him , and he was fighting against my efforts .
va	O	His eyes glazed over and he didn 't move .
va	O	Seth yelled his order across me into the speaker and we pulled around .
va	I	She was on solid ground , and Janie was scared to death .
va	I	I 've never done them with anyone else , but my parents taught me all the old dances .
va	O	He had accomplished his purpose for imposing on Ace , and now he was trying to solve the murder .
va	O	The crowd dispersed and night set in .
va	O	They had no good cover , and he had to get her out of there .
va	I	He moved to the edge of the bed , and she let go of the tie .
va	O	The bare wall behind the history teacher came alive , and an animated display of the universe came into view .
va	O	The speech ends , and we all applaud , stopping when someone else takes the podium .
va	O	I saw that the fire flickered under the door , but this was a norm twenty-four seven for his office .
va	O	His words stirred the crowd like coals of fire again , and all the people pressed in on Coren .
va	I	Even if I did , he 'd find out and I had nothing to hide .
va	I	Instead he found catastrophic failure , but he had hoped to find glory in the Black Door .
va	I	Already her power was crawling through the house and Abby had sensed the danger .
va	O	His control was getting better , but his need was getting worse .
va	I	This time I could not stop the bleeding and my left foot had been injured once again .
va	O	The last class of the day arrives and Professor Sands puts us to work immediately .
va	O	The courtyard wasn 't one of my usual walking spots , but I seemed to remember a small retaining pond here before .
va	I	Peaches could still see them on either side , but the eyes in front were gone .
va	O	He has no mask on or someone probably removed it from his face .
va	O	Mallory was not a confrontational person , and she had no tolerance for shouting .
va	I	He wasn 't watching them , but she glanced at Cain .
va	O	The word slipped from my mouth before my jaws closed up , but I wanted to keep going .
va	O	I kept waiting for him to stop , but he didn 't .
va	O	She laughed and they kissed .
va	I	A fine sheen of sweat beaded his skin , and his heart thundered against her hand .
va	O	His voice trembled and he could not , for the life of him , keep it steady .
va	I	Any deception is probably worth cultivating , even without an exact plan , and it gives her more opportunity to defend Sampson , for one thing .
va	O	Gnat stared at them , and then he shrugged as he ran off to talk with some of the soldiers .
va	O	Time had moved fast and I didn 't know it .
va	O	She 'd heard that the key didn 't always do as one hoped , and it didn 't always go back to the exact time one wished .
va	O	Redness rushed to my cheeks as embarrassment set in , and I dropped my forehead to his chest to hide my face .
va	I	I enter it and the door to the airlock springs open .
va	I	He wouldn 't , or he 'd get over it .
va	O	The second I said those words his eyes jumped to life , but I didn 't have the time to try to read them .
va	I	His eyes are watery , and he is hunched with his shoulders pressing down against the metal of the truck 's ceiling .
va	O	She knew he 'd be paralyzed for the rest of his too-long life , and she pitied him .
va	I	They lacked my training , but four of them attacked me .
va	O	Walter loves her more than anyone else on the council , and Calliope has always been jealous of the sway she 's had over him .
va	O	The psychiatrist listens attentively but his answer is brief .
va	I	She looked sad , frozen in that pose , but maybe it was just my imagination .
va	I	I 'll go for lost civilisations , simply because I don 't know enough quantum physics to consider the alternative but I think both sound plausible .
va	O	Patrick had never been in Michigan , but he imagined deep woods .
va	I	That was all I needed , but from my position I could only see the top of her cap .
va	O	The paper hospital gown she was wearing was light blue , and the light reflecting off of it made her skin look sallow .
va	I	He spoke before I could , but I opened my mouth to apologize for standing idly in this hallway , my body acting on autopilot .
va	I	She refused to heed it , but go The command was overwhelming .
va	I	I closed my eyes and the room started spinning .
va	I	It was no good , but I argued the point .
va	I	Now she looked more peaceful than Mackie had felt in years , and the morphine had taken her someplace else .
va	I	She rose to refill it then moved out of his line of sight and his wine glass was empty .
va	O	I made dinner and she came home .
va	O	I dialed her number , but it went straight to voicemail .
va	I	I 'm proud to make her my wife , and I 've fallen a bit more in love with her each new day .
va	O	Lara didn 't catch how he did it , but when she tried a second time , his solid mass continued to block her way .
va	I	I can 't figure out what , but something 's niggling at me .
va	I	You learn to move with it and no matter how much you seem to be running in place , the world moves on .
va	O	She was usually so self-contained , but there was something about the fact that these strangers kept showing kindness that got to her .
va	O	I have searched all over for you , dialed your number but it wasn 't going through .
va	O	She thought about the following night , and meeting up with her step-brother .
va	I	There was something Germanic about him but his accent was high end British .
va	O	She hadn 't seen him exactly , but she 'd felt his cold presence .
va	I	The culprit had been found and Raven 's child was safe .
va	O	His fingers reached her sex , and he gave a tortured groan .
va	O	I glance around again , but no one is here .
va	I	His eyes were glassy with fever and his face was flushed a rosy red .
va	O	He won 't expect it and he 'll never catch me .
va	I	The Colonial troops controlled the countryside , but the British troops occupied the city .
va	I	Suddenly I realized this was it , and the Prince was ready for a fight .
va	O	She brought her arms to her chest , covering herself , and then she folded her legs under her .
va	O	I would 've thought this question would 've come up earlier , but I guess it took a back seat to my suicide mission .
va	I	That was a challenging approach but I tried to stand up .
va	I	Kat took a deep breath , and they walked together down the crumbling , sinking sidewalks of Venice .
va	O	The doctor was talking to me , but I didn 't really hear him .
va	I	Olivia supposed she might as well get used to having a part-time husband , but they 'd argued about it repeatedly .
va	I	Now it was because she understood what passion was , but sadly , she still tossed in her bed .
va	I	His mouth opened wide , and his eyes rolled back in his head .
va	O	None of the others would know what happened , and she imagined none of his mates would feel particularly sorry to see him gone .
va	I	She nestled against him as she used to , and he cradled her cold form against his chest .
va	I	Lil was tidying the coiled up moor line , but Coop was nowhere to be seen .
va	O	There was a light rap at the door , and Vetter entered carrying a sheaf of parchments .
va	I	Their hands tightened on their weapons , and their spears came down .
va	O	She was different , and they knew it .
va	I	I felt a little silly for my whining , and his bravado made me smile again .
va	O	Percival swung at the creeps , but the blade merely sliced through them like smoke .
va	I	Her heart seemed to stop , and he brought her arm to his mouth slowly .
va	O	We reach the first bridge , and I volunteer to cross it first .
va	O	He laid his hands over the boy , and I could feel the heat he generated .
va	I	He seemed quite in love with her , but she didn 't have much experience in the subject .
va	O	He waited for a second but she didn 't say anything .
va	O	We still don 't know who she is , but her hotel room in Anguilla was registered in the name of a guy named Bartlett .
va	I	Then he stopped , but for a moment , it looked as if Gansey felt the same .
va	I	His eyebrows knitted together in false concern , and Silas tilted his head to one side .
va	O	They 'd both wash their hands clean in the water and he 'd want to kiss her so bad .
va	O	Hector thought he 'd need a riding mower , and Dulcie said the vacuum cleaners should be upgraded .
va	I	I had known I would be in trouble today , but I managed to ignore her most of the time .
va	O	He was a cat , a predatory cat bred from several species of ancient wildcats , and any second now he 'd tear her apart .
va	I	She throws the guns inside , and a slot opens from nowhere .
va	O	My hand immediately goes to my wet hair and my brain immediately thinks it 's Mason .
va	I	I laughed to myself and I noticed that she was wearing blue plastic flip-flops .
va	O	The door banged open , and Dave stumbled from the house , still dressed in his clubbing clothes from the night before .
va	I	I jumped down into the night and he popped the windshield visor open .
va	I	I like it and I feel invisible .
va	O	The whole gawking thing was already getting out of hand , and she had a feeling it was going to get worse .
va	I	Sarah fell to the ground and lightning flared again .
va	I	There was nowhere for it to go but down into her stomach , and torrents of coppery disgust filled her mouth .
va	O	To prove his point , he put his hands down and a few dozen little pops applauded his effort .
va	I	Unwillingly , I felt some of my walls weakening , and he always surprised me .
va	O	He almost seemed to smile , but it wasn 't comforting .
va	O	His breath hitched , and he regarded me hungrily .
va	I	Smoke lapped up the side of the building from their bombs , and the small ground team had already jumped off the other shuttle .
va	I	Edwin tipped him generously , and the porter carried out their luggage .
va	I	He only had five good toes , and he was born with a clubfoot .
va	I	She didn 't want that , and if she allowed him to , he would take over .
va	I	Some preliminary plans had been made about further visits , and Vann knew Mr Briggs had given Riley a radio .
va	I	He gave me an encouraging nod , and surprised , I automatically sought Sean .
va	O	Caitlin locked the door to her studio but that 's the only precaution she took .
va	O	Dad 's hand covered mine , but I couldn 't squeeze it .
va	I	His fingers feathered over her cheek and his head cocked .
va	I	It had to be told but a contingent of state representatives came to call , sorry to deliver bad news .
va	O	Erin says all this while sprinting next to me , and for some reason her words make me pick up the pace until she stops running .
va	I	Conner grabbed the back of my shirt , but I started to walk out of the room .
va	I	The town itself seemed to have plenty of green space , but Brown mountains could be seen on the horizon .
va	O	I think he intended to leave them to a museum , but he never got around to making the arrangements .
va	O	She gave me a warm look and I became emotional .
va	I	I left it alone , but she 'd missed my point .
va	O	I love him more each day but there 's still something I feel is keeping us apart .
va	O	Well , mistress , I 'm sorry , but I 've come to take you away .
va	I	Still , it had sounded darned good but it was just a figure of speech .
va	I	I came to a stop , and I heard myself gasp .
va	O	He was still just a man , and they always tended to underestimate her .
va	I	You know it and she would hate that .
va	I	Being one and it turned out there was an enormous difference between managing a servant .
va	I	It had been a lot , but he didn 't notch his bedpost to tally them up .
va	O	No doubt they were talking about him but he didn 't let that deter him .
va	I	You heard Vic , and you heard him .
va	O	I wished I didn 't have to take orders from Stone , but I didn 't say anything .
va	I	I felt like someone had taken a potato peeler to my heart and when that subject was broached , Nikolas shifted uncomfortably in his seat .
va	O	I had parents who liked to know where I was , but I don 't think Vic 's parents cared that much .
va	I	Allison has a tendency to beat at your resistance until you finally just give in to whatever she wants , but neither of us enjoys shopping .
va	O	He didn 't respond to the knock on his study door , but the door opened anyway .
va	O	Alex wished he hadn 't mentioned Nick , because it made the situation seem even more dicey , but he couldn 't take back the information .
va	O	Gene guessed that Jay expected him to say something that would mimic his own words , but he couldn 't force himself to do it .
va	I	We may still succeed , but it will take a bit longer .
va	I	Else she 'd be out of Kylie 's life even earlier than scheduled or she 'd better get control of her emotions .
va	O	It was getting way too serious , and I 'm the alpha , now .
va	O	The ball glowed and the glow swelled .
va	I	She didn 't look up again , as though she knew I was watching but I frowned , hoping to catch her eye .
va	I	The barn looked new , and Light sprung from the box .
va	I	There was no getting around them and she had her shields up already .
va	O	He identified with that lifestyle and I wanted to know more .
va	I	He pushed his game and his fingers tightened on her wrists .
va	O	Their faces were shadowed by their hoods , as was his , but once he approached , they removed them to make themselves known .
va	O	Mac raised his hands in surrender , but Hart knew his brother agreed with him .
va	I	Then decided it didn 't matter , but she opened her mouth to ask .
va	O	Shadows fell toward the floor and his eyes scanned the lines of the wood .
va	I	There was a strange , unsettling gleam in his eyes , and it was too intent , too questioning .
va	O	The compound would stay there until funding ran out and no one could remember what the weird purpose was .
va	I	It was too late , but as my mother lay dying , she finally saw the angel who watched over her .
va	O	Carolyn hadn 't described the visit in detail , but it seemed to have gone well .
va	O	They have the faces of Jacob , Logan , and myself plastered for everyone to see .
va	I	I realized I had fallen asleep on the couch , and the front door slammed shut .
va	O	Her ankle was so swollen her sock was tightly stretched , and dark bruising extended above the fabric .
va	O	I hope all of you and your husband have a wonderful Christmas .
va	I	The last rays of the sun were filtering through the thinning leaves of the giant trees , and the evening was warm .
va	I	His arm fell to his side and he relaxed .
va	I	There 's no answer , but a minute passes .
va	I	It was the slimy feeling of the water itself that repulsed him , but Andy had difficulty negotiating the slippery rocks .
va	O	I couldn 't change the truth about him , but I could move on .
va	I	I will not let it rule me , and I am no longer afraid of fear .
va	I	He still reeled at the memory of the gentle , shy way in which she 'd pressed her lips to his and now it was weeks later .
va	I	He didn 't know where he would have seen her before , but she looked vaguely familiar .
va	O	Yes , the incantation had worked , but it was nothing impressive .
va	O	It would have been much easier to bring you to Italy , but I suspected that would be impossible to arrange with your mother .
va	O	A footstep cracked and a shadow loomed .
va	O	The papers slipped from his lap and the dog jumped , then curled again at his feet .
va	O	A police car pulled up at the curb , and a small , dark-haired woman got out .
va	I	I was too , but I knew Logan was hurting .
va	I	I immediately forced them back but tears stung my eyes .
va	I	She didn 't touch him , but Nate was beside her .
va	O	There were seventeen people on the swim team , and I had to make sure we were all accounted for .
va	O	His technique was good , and his reactions were quick .
va	O	Wyatt 's gaze drifted down to his notes , and the men behind him shifted nervously .
va	I	He propelled himself away from me , stretching full out , his hooves kicking up clods of earth , and his hindquarters bunched .
va	I	I couldn 't tell her not to , but I winced .
va	I	He was disturbed by the horrified look the wizard threw at him , but Hal tried to jerk his leg free .
va	I	She watched it hop along a branch , nodding its head and a red bird in a tree close by caught her eye .
va	O	They 're a part of me again and I can 't leave them behind anymore .
va	O	Isis wanted so much to confide in the women that had long served her , but Lina 's deepest secrets weren 't Isis 's to tell .
va	I	He was being rewarded for his talents , but yes , he was still following orders .
va	I	He talks to me about her a lot , but he doesn 't remember much about her because he was only three when she died .
va	I	I run to the end of it where the bathrooms are and the hallway is vacant .
va	O	There was no blood where he had been , and as she glanced at her hands , there was no blood on them either .
va	O	A cold tremor runs through me , and my eyes sweep the other men on the wall .
va	O	I haven 't seen her in almost a year and I 'm really looking forward to catching up .
va	O	I thought you just had a crush on him , but you 're with him for real ?
va	O	He had allowed his own ego to cloud his judgement and now his princess was paying the price .
va	I	His voice softened and Donovan sighed again .
va	O	His lips barely moved , but she heard the words as if he spoke them into her ear .
va	O	When Miranda rolled off , Reed had been knocked out and his nose was bleeding copious amounts of blood down his cheek .
va	O	The mist of the docks had left them halfway up the hill but the air remained chilly .
va	O	I promise we 'll stay out of my boss 's way and I 'll introduce you to the others I work with .
va	I	They really only hurt , but they were to help others .
va	O	His short blond hair was left uncovered to catch the light of the moon , and the fool was actually stupid enough to light a fire .
va	I	She knew Emily would do more than grill her , and Hannah had no desire to be grilled about Jack .
va	O	Everyone pitched in to get the food on the table , and more bottles of wine were opened .
va	O	It was all I could do , and it seemed to comfort her .
va	I	I 'd been a failure at it up to that point , and I was preparing for another night of hunting Winkler 's kidnappers .
va	I	She did it all during homework hours , but she wished she had homework to do .
va	I	Then they were only allowed dial-up , and though Glory had an old PC , not all Shifters were approved for Internet access .
va	I	Both had great stories to tell about when they started their own businesses and she was also seated between two gentlemen who were very interesting .
va	I	The hollow eyes peered directly at Earl , and the mouth twisted into an awful laugh .
va	I	Now there 's an empty lot , but it was just there the other day .
va	O	Then Vince kicked me in the ribs a couple of times , and together they dragged me to my feet to face Julia .
va	I	To restrict is to devalue , and to own is to restrict .
va	O	It was strange to think that I even had a body , but there it was , poking my brain for attention .
va	I	Adam Lambert 's voice blared through the speakers and mom plugged in her iPod .
va	O	Eventually my tears stopped and my shaking subsided .
va	O	Because when she found out the truth , not only didn 't he want her hurt , but he wanted her to be able to forgive him .
va	O	I am not a harsh master but I am strict .
va	I	I think there 's a smudge on his neck , but I don 't see any signs of her dark red lipstick on his face .
va	O	Of course it is a superstition : but it is that particular superstition which has pressed upon our society for many centuries .
va	I	Forcible confinement was a criminal offence , but apparently he hadn 't known it .
va	O	He smiled again and the dimple reappeared .
va	O	He stands in front of Sebastian and a slim smile breaks his face .
va	O	Miranda 's stomach lurched and her knees nearly buckled .
va	I	As I studied them I realized they were not stars at all , but at least I thought they were stars .
va	O	He opened his mouth , but terror choked him silent .
va	I	I ran forward , and one of them raised a gun .
va	I	The walls are a sterile white , and White wooden blinds cover the windows .
va	O	Connor could hear sirens approaching quickly and he wasn 't sure what to do .
va	I	Together we 'd mellowed somewhat , and still , as our relationship had grown , so had my confidence in us , as had Braden 's .
va	O	She 's been here for two days now , and today is her first day of real interaction .
va	O	I tried to put some smugness in my voice , but it came out hoarse from my exhaustion .
va	I	I knew he was doing that on purpose , and he was so relaxed compared to me .
va	O	Marianna positioned herself over him , and he thrust upward .
va	O	It 's the calm before the storm at the station , but soon the chief players will enter the scene .
va	O	I passed Barstow at least thirty minutes ago , and since then I 've seen only one other car on the road .
va	O	Ibrahim waited until the guards were at the ends of their routes and their backs were turned .
va	O	I might have warned Kennan , but I had also let Xavier in .
va	I	I wondered what they would look like in the sunlight and the moon muted the colors of the flowers that surrounded us .
va	O	Their shadow passed back under the gloom of the mountain , and on this night they were seen no more .
va	O	The cram session filled in a lot , but the more she learned the more she felt she needed to know .
va	O	He 's too cute for his own good , and he 's tall , with shaggy brown hair peeking out from a knit cap .
va	O	The formula had existed and it had worked .
va	I	We 'll be off , and let me go wash my face .
va	I	I stood by his side and Arnold walked over to Victor .
va	O	He began to knead my shoulder , and I winced .
va	I	I knew he understood , and he squeezed my knee .
va	I	A pretty young woman appeared and as I put the last one away the door opened .
va	I	Porsche smiled slightly , and I asked .
va	O	Her legs were trembling and her arms felt as if they weighed a ton .
va	O	He was reading him like a book , but Ethan didn 't let it faze him .
va	O	He glanced around , but it was too dark to ascertain anything .
va	I	Mom tapped Shawn playfully , and Jenny left .
va	O	He almost fell , but Nine steadied him .
va	I	Hannah didn 't pass the information along , but Russ was supposed to arrive any minute .
va	I	I don 't remember how to get to his place , and trouble is , it was dark when we drove over .
va	I	She fell back against the table , legs failing her , and Miss Wren screeched .
va	I	She saw Scarlett jogging , and then the scene changed .
va	O	His eyes were still their usual blue , but unrecognizable without their token sparkle .
va	I	There was much to prepare for him and the SQA Inspector was due to call .
va	O	I 'm sure it didn 't make him feel any better and it only made me feel worse .
va	I	Then she noticed the alert on the screen , but irritated , she reached into the pocket to silence it .
va	O	The only alternative , according to Schrodinger , is to unify the apparent multiplicity of consciousnesses into one , and then the problem goes away .
va	O	It didn 't and he relaxed .
va	O	I exclaimed , and he yanked me off balance .
va	O	It was possible to ignore them , of course , but she didn 't necessarily want to .
va	I	It appeared to go to sleep and its head tilted forward .
va	O	I want to retort with an insult , but my lips feel weighted , sealed together .
va	I	He didn 't , but she waited for him to ask her why .
va	O	I lied , and I 'm so sorry sorry because I hurt you , sorry because it was a worthless effort .
va	O	She released his c * ck from his jeans , and her mouth watered .
va	O	Talking to Ethan may be my plan , but he seems to have a different idea .
va	O	Cassidy got a pack of licorice , and Austin dumped an energy shot into a cherry slushie , which we all made fun of .
va	O	Air rushed into her lungs and she could breathe again .
va	I	Its tail wagging a million miles an hour , and just then the dog came running up to Lauren , her hat in its mouth .
va	O	A heavy silence hung over the group , and Alethea realized they still did not entirely believe her .
va	O	What was the best answer , I 'm not Anita , but I didn 't want to screw this up for her .
va	O	Peter recalled that his mother had often experienced a shortness of breath , and she always had difficulty walking up the stairs .
va	O	There was nothing we could do for Grayson , and nothing he could do either .
va	I	Daemon noticed a curious kind of tension in the other man , and Beale hesitated .
va	I	I couldn 't , but I tried to think of the words .
va	I	She snapped at it , and he reached a hand toward her cheek .
va	O	Spells opened the gates , and anything could get in .
va	O	Claire would have shrugged , but when she even thought about it the imagined pain made her flinch .
va	O	I didn 't want to swallow any more salt water , and I didn 't want to expend my energy trying to communicate with her .
va	I	The anxiety in my chest makes it too hard to relax , and my brain is jumbled .
va	O	One kiss led to another , and soon they were lost in the heat of the moment .
va	I	Man did it do the job , and it sounded like one of those sirens they used in the war .
va	I	She didn 't have a choice , but Cassie approached him cautiously , she didn 't know if she was ready for this .
va	O	Her heart rate kicked up and she stepped into his arms , allowing him to hold her .
va	I	My eyes sparkled as I took in my appearance and I had brushed my hair to a shining luster .
va	O	Throw a handful of scrabble letters on the floor and it would do just as well .
va	O	She turned back to face him , smiling wryly in an attempt at humor but the tears threatening to spill over her lashes defeated her endeavor .
va	I	She didn 't return it , but he smiled when she answered .
va	I	Dan touched her fingertips with his and her fingers poked through a gap in the grating .
va	O	Her eyes locked on mine , and I knew we were both thinking the same thing .
va	O	The Captain was fuming , and I know he 's trying to think of a way around this caper for the next time it happens .
va	O	Dad falls asleep while we wait , and I wonder if Erin really doesn 't want to see me .
va	O	Someone tries to pull me off , but I shove them off repeatedly .
va	I	When she turned back to me she was thoughtful and she peered in the office as if she would find him there .
va	O	Because two of them had guns , I only had one choice , and that was to send out the Tidal Wave .
va	I	It took everything in me to not fall apart at the mere sight of him , and I couldn 't believe he was standing there .
va	I	That 's stopped a lot of hearts from beating , and I used psychic pain on him .
va	O	It then quickly swung open , and Barnabas stood in the doorway , framed with the outside light of the eternal sunset .
va	I	She 'd been left reeling , and Cal suspected that had been the first time she 'd experienced violence firsthand .
va	I	She 'd tried to swallow down the hot liquid he gave her , but they were going out for a run shortly .
va	O	He 'd thought about satisfying his needs with another woman , but since meeting Ari , no other had turned him on .
va	I	The discipline in their ranks was unmistakable , but they rode up in a loose formation .
va	I	My stomach dropped and my heart slammed in my chest .
va	I	Two were bleeding from where she 'd bitten too deep , and her fingernails were short .
va	I	He intended to be there when the door was unlocked , and the business library at Northeastern Illinois opened at ten .
va	O	A white door was on the wall to Neil 's right , and an orange door was opposite him .
va	O	It had always been there , but now it was flashing red .
va	I	She moved quickly , getting me to my feet , and Renée pulled forth her magic , shielding us .
va	O	This time , however , I was prepared , and I was determined to fight him .
va	O	There was an excited buzz of chat and the badger replied .
va	I	Finally he swiped his tongue over her vein and his movements grew gentle , almost sipping at her .
va	O	They 'd gotten through some bad infections before , and usually Robert fought them off like a champ .
va	I	There was an air of desperation in her voice , but I could tell she was trying to sound casual .
va	O	It was a peculiar word , but it was certainly derived from the old language of the Order .
va	I	I could make out several people standing around , but my eyes were not focusing .
va	O	I stepped out of the room and all eyes were immediately on me .
va	I	His breath was heavy and his eyes were wide .
va	O	A week had gone by , and things were moving steadily along .
va	O	This was definitely something he wasn 't expecting and he found himself enjoying an entirely different sense of triumph .
va	O	He had to vent it on someone and Rif was as powerless as he was .
va	O	Ogg noticed a little tear at the corner of each of her eyes , and to be honest her heavy breathing was deafening .
va	I	Once I find Damien , I know that I will be steady again , and I am only floundering .
va	I	Maybe that was for the best and I would never find her .
va	O	Another wave pounded into them and again they were mashed into the sandy bottom .
va	O	We had a two bedroom , but his bedroom was pretty tiny .
va	O	Reaching for the doorknob , it turned and the door opened .
va	O	A shiver ran up my spine at the thought , and I gave another hard tug at his shirt .
va	O	No one saw me with the woman and there 's nothing to link me with her death .
va	I	If you type a lotta words you get the job and I give you a typing test .
va	O	It was almost midnight , but he couldn 't sleep .
va	O	I nodded and a yawn escaped my mouth .
va	I	I forgot to get them back , and he took care of bringing the keys .
va	I	They have , as it were , the shape of life but they are not alive .
va	I	He cleared his throat , and Alejo 's voice faltered .
va	I	My body feels heavy , as if my legs cannot even hold my weight , and my feet land on the ground with a thud .
va	O	It 's a constant flow , but it 's not really his .
va	I	I could use whatever I need from their stock and Sheriff Gabe warned that nights would be cold for another two months .
va	O	I hit the ground as though someone had hit me hard on the side of my head , but no one had touched me .
va	O	There was a second bang and I sat bolt upright .
va	I	Her stomach tightened like a vice , and Sophie felt the blood drain from her face .
va	O	Then a low gurgle emerged from the pipe , and Winston took off fast .
va	I	Bax walked over to grab it and I inclined my head at it .
va	I	If she didn 't , then he was going in after her , and he 'd give her ten minutes to come to her senses .
va	O	My name is Ashe Evans and Aedan Evans is my father .
va	O	We turned onto a street , and there was the Greyhound station , a busy place with three shiny buses parked in a row to the left .
va	O	He changed , and he changed her .
va	O	My hands made whispering noises as they ruffled his clothing , and the soft syllables mingled with the patter of the rain .
va	O	He looked at the pole next to me , and I did as well .
va	I	Katherine wondered if she would regret telling her and Taylor got excited again .
va	I	Only at the boom of an explosion that launched the boat Guy was laid in high into the sky , but they did .
va	O	The tether holding me to sanity broke , and the fever burned me with its rage .
va	I	There might not and there might be a connection .
va	O	We were halfway to the bedroom and his mouth was tracing a downward path from my neck .
va	O	She drops my hand and I 'm perplexed .
va	O	I try to open my fingers , but the knob of the cane is attached to my hand through its currents .
va	I	People are out in the gardens , digging , planting , transplanting , etc. and warm weather has come .
va	I	I ran upstairs to find a suitable outfit and we reached home .
va	I	She raised her eyebrows , and I looked at Kim .
va	O	He tried to focus , but at the moment , he didn 't give one shit about class .
va	I	His body had other ideas , but behave , he told himself .
va	O	It may be Sol 549 down on Mars , but it 's Mission Day 687 up here .
va	I	He shook his head and his face grew sad .
va	I	I seem to keep stepping on toes , but I 'm not trying to offend anyone .
va	I	The hockey game had me melting , and the movie had been soooo romantic .
va	I	It was pointless , but I sat in the small chair , fighting sleep , determined to watch .
va	O	I was making this up as I went , but it seemed reasonable enough .
va	O	It should insult her that he still called her by that title , but she wanted him to call her that until they were gray Elders .
va	I	The wind took her breath across the Plateau , but she opened her mouth to scream his name .
va	I	The weight of it was suddenly crushing , and I 'd failed at even that .
va	O	He was gorgeous and even though I felt like death warmed up , I was still attracted to him .
va	I	He flipped it open to read a text , and his phone buzzed right then .
va	I	It was dreamy , and her fantasy man had a voice .
va	O	It wasn 't exactly virginity , but it was enough to make me feel like I 'd have a lifelong claim on her .
va	O	After another quick moment of observation , it seemed like there was a fight going on -- And Asa was involved !
va	I	He 's not a monster , but his actions are sometimes reprehensible .
va	I	Sarah could contain her amazement no longer , and Wadsworth returned with a tray of sweets .
va	O	I would then do a spot of gardening in the afternoon , and that should keep me pretty much occupied until Caroline got home .
va	O	He gave her the date and Carol wrote it on the wall calendar .
va	I	It didn 't require psychic abilities , and I swallowed hard , knowing what he was going to say .
va	O	Ernest pulled on his arm , but he wouldn 't get up .
va	O	Mr. Stone waved a fob at it and it opened to reveal a small elevator .
va	O	Lily knew that her mother had a point , and perhaps this was what made Lily even angrier .
va	O	It was easy to find them on the beach and Jackson 's eyes lit up when he saw me .
va	I	I suppose I can 't really complain , but that 's the problem with untested technology .
va	I	They could duck inside their holes again for safety , and they 'd feel better once the cat was gone .
va	O	Dave was constantly reminded about the lack of talent in the school , but he saw many star athletes from other sports .
va	O	She couldn 't hide the excitement on her face when she saw him and every nerve ending in her body came to life .
va	O	You might 've lost your family , but you saved a good portion of the town .
va	O	That would change , and the newspaper article had given him the idea .
va	I	Her mouth moved slowly as if the misty form couldn 't keep up with her and her voice sounded as if it were miles away .
va	I	This assured him a more permanent place : the leader after Bhai , and he had always been the one bringing the biggest loot .
va	I	His eyes were glittering like the sun and he was breathing too hard to speak .
va	I	Rosie picked up directly but he was surprised when Tiffany didn 't answer the phone .
va	O	He pushed me back until I was lying on the down on the seat and he was on top of me .
va	I	At least it had been brief , but presenting himself to Dorothea had been as unpleasant as usual .
va	I	We will stop them dead in their tracks when they come across our border , but we won 't violate the border of Reindeer Land .
va	O	I was seeing red after that , and I ended up punching through a wall in my parents ' house .
va	I	She left my line of sight and the door opened .
va	O	It was an easy decision for her to make , but she could not see a way to execute it .
va	I	He agreed , but he did not want to .
va	I	I do find a large metal grate located on the back wall just feet from where I 'm standing but I don 't find a door .
va	I	He would , and he believed he had to protect her .
va	O	She 'd had only a handful of conversations with them , but they seemed like nice people .
va	O	Now he looked at the night sky , but there were no stars to be seen .
va	O	I ached to close the distance between us but something else was wrong .
va	O	His head fell back but he wouldn 't have it .
va	I	You were scared for me and you thought I was going to die !
va	I	That was the only visible sign for Sebastian that he did give attention to his best friend and he squinted his eyes .
va	O	Her eyes were twinkling , and she had a sweet smile on her face .
va	O	I don 't know , but if my life since you were taken from me is any indication , then I think I know the answers .
va	O	Her voice was as sweet as she looked , and I tried to dismiss my thoughts of jealousy .
va	I	You 've no idea how much time may have passed and there is no portal in sight .
va	O	I didn 't know him , not anymore , but I was strangely certain that he still wouldn 't hurt me .
va	I	My father laid down his tools , and the young dog breathed easy .
va	O	He ´ s dressed in typical camouflaged attire and his face is painted .
va	O	This note is very personal and it is directed to you .
va	O	he said , and her cheeks colored faintly .
va	I	Some people still clung to the old ways , but the telephone poles were an anachronism in the days of wireless communication .
va	O	She tried to sleep again , but it was no use .
va	O	She had been avoiding his past for too long , and tonight it had nearly cost them all their lives .
va	I	The owners had tried to recover the burned places and the shack looked like it had been burned once .
va	O	Much might be said in support of the theory , but I shall let my experience speak for itself .
va	I	Her desire were there for him to see and she met his gaze , hoping her heart .
va	O	Simon was on the other side of the door and I was arguing about taking a shower , something I hadn 't done in who knows when .
va	I	He can hardly turn his head but he smiles when he sees me .
va	O	I looked to him and he waved me down .
va	O	Smiling at his own bit of whimsy , he went to retrieve it , but his hand halted just shy of closing around it .
va	O	The five lethal mystics responsible for this gruesome attack are currently strolling free among us in the spectrum ... And they could be literally anywhere .
va	O	He 's got a nurse who helps out and they can take care of any minor situations the guests might have .
va	O	Watching her hips sway made him harden again and he shifted his jeans , feeling like a teenager .
va	I	It gets better , but it 's all a little much at first .
va	I	Presses over our already joined hands and Robin 's other hand comes up .
va	I	She couldn 't reverse that one , but she already felt that they 'd made the worst move of all by entering this house .
va	I	The ground seemed to drop another twenty feet out of reach , and I took an uneasy look over the edge of the portico .
va	O	I thought about all the kingdoms near me and the many I 'd heard about under her control .
va	I	I held back , but I wanted to jerk away .
va	I	Then she was falling , falling , landing on Diego 's strength , and she screamed out loud .
va	I	She wanted to see how good he could become , but she probably would have married him no matter what .
va	O	I wasn 't strong enough to keep them from taking me and I 'm not strong enough to shake this off .
va	O	Normally people train for years before their first race , but Jack fast-tracked me .
va	O	I pressed my lips together , forming a hard line , but when he tickled me again , I caved .
va	I	I knew that they knew who I was , and I heard a few whispers from behind me .
va	O	There is time for you , and you will draw strength from her .
va	O	I 've been a widower for years , a man without children , and as far as I know , I have no living relatives .
va	O	Liam 's older brother Matt was competing today in the skateboarding comp and they couldn 't wait to see it .
va	O	Her hips jerked and her ass lifted .
va	I	Finding a house I really liked would do , and I needed a project .
va	O	He had offered to help me get the capri pants off , but that made me feel like I was going to vomit again .
va	O	My breath caught , and my vision blurred at the mere sight of her .
va	O	He lunged forward to grab Bastian , but it was already too late .
va	I	Bang , there you go and you came up too soon .
va	I	His hand fell away from her shoulder , but Tony said nothing .
va	I	I can still hear him , but my dad 's voice lowers .
va	O	They 'd actually done it , and at last they were safe .
va	I	This miserable sacrifice amuses me else I would not humor such folly , but be silent , you are lucky I am willing to bargain at all .
va	I	He was insistent , but Mac tried hard to talk the manager out of it .
va	I	It was thinning already -- and it wouldn 't hold them long .
va	I	He ignored it , but the phone beeped again a moment later .
va	I	The pain wouldn 't completely escape her , but she tried to make herself feel numb .
va	I	I gasp , pressing back against him and his thumb just grazes my clit .
va	O	Some of them had signs wrapped around their necks but it was impossible from this distance to read them .
va	I	The darkness was filled with a soft caressing light but the day had melted into a fine purple darkness .
va	I	She seemed to have disappeared , but I wondered if she would help me get out .
va	I	His face was colder , more like a sculpture , less alive , but still breathtakingly beautiful .
va	I	He kept himself in control , but Owen 's trigger finger twitched .
va	I	The best purveyor of intel in all of Manhattan was digging into his steak right now , and only this time he was hunting out information .
va	I	She followed without even a weak whimper of protest , and he led her down his path of seduction .
va	I	There would 've been more brats than we could feed , or it was probably a good thing most Hunters were kept ignorant .
va	I	That storm will slow their attempt to escape , and the Elementals gave the intruders a backhanded slap .
va	O	My body 's going to age , but my mind will get younger as the years go by .
va	O	Holiday 's body felt so cold , so lifeless under Kylie 's palms , but she didn 't stop .
va	I	You 're just a woman and I 'm a free man .
va	O	Her palm grew damp within his and he nuzzled his nose against hers .
va	O	As I neared the top he joined Henry at the bottom and both started talking in undertones , heading towards the main downstairs corridor .
va	O	I wanted to thread my fingers through his , but I didn 't want to scare him off .
va	O	she says with a straight face , and they both crack up laughing again .
va	I	Once he 'd dismissed the servants he pulled me against him , clasping his mouth to mine , but he did not pass the details to me .
va	O	My last guess made me feel better and my day went well without any incident .
va	I	Simon wrestled the gun back and the pygmies howled with laughter .
va	O	Her face was red and her eyes were flashing .
va	O	I half expect to find Hon supervising our use of his ship , but I guess he doesn 't want to be a part of this .
va	O	I tried the lid again , and this time it lifted easily .
va	I	We got to do it now and we got to do something else .
va	I	A triumphant smile curved her crimson lips , and a glittering tiara topped Morgan 's head .
va	I	She hadn 't said a word about her son and he 'd been working with her for a week .
va	O	Since they were in Sioux , I have no idea what they were saying , but it seemed to be meant with the best intent .
va	O	A veil of sweat lined his skin , and the stale air choked his breath .
va	I	She opened her mouth to him and he licked her lips .
va	O	The thought made her smile briefly , but the feeling didn 't last long .
va	I	It was clear the man would bleed out , and Blood was everywhere .
va	I	They waited a couple minutes for it to reach their floor , and Garrett veered them toward the elevators .
va	O	Nothing mattered now but saving her life .
va	O	For an instant Gan 's mind staggered , as if flickering between two realities , and he saw every pinpoint of light as a seeking eye .
va	O	She finds my hand and we interlock fingers as we talk without saying a single word .
va	I	It was making me hurt , which was making me pissy and I 'd come into contact with too many chemicals today .
va	I	I could only have it by seeming to obey , but I meant to have my will in the end .
va	O	One look at Sadie and he 'd been hooked .
va	I	We could see that the relationship between them had become strenuous , but he was still meeting with father , usually in the Temple .
va	O	His wounds were painful but they weren 't deep .
va	O	I 'm not used to telling anyone what I 'm doing , but bailing out on Lila isn 't an option .
va	O	The food looked good , but her appetite had disappeared .
va	I	The little boy turned toward us , and the game on the TV paused .
va	O	Geoffrey might be a prince one day , but he 'll never be king .
va	O	You either completed your mission or you died trying .
va	I	I was so game , but I asked ruefully .
va	O	Will 's hand tightens on my arm , and Kent peers through his binoculars .
va	O	I walked into the rec room , and Cynthia cast me a dirty look .
va	I	I 'm not positive because I can 't see clearly , but I think my eyes are open .
va	O	When the morning sun yawns , its soft light illuminates his hideout and he becomes aware that he needs to leave before someone sees him .
va	I	As far as the vampires of the world were concerned , it was good riddance to bad public relations rubbish , and soon he 'd be ash .
va	O	All the excitement had irritated the dormant bullet wound , and she did her best not to frustrate it anymore .
va	I	He waits , but Hayden doesn 't push me .
va	I	I jumped up , and he started to follow her .
va	I	She 'd better get on with it and she had things to say to him .
va	I	You can be left , as Marcus was , with no idea what to do next and Everything can end suddenly .
va	I	He covered her with the second and Noelle scooted over to where he patted the sleeping bag .
va	O	The force of the wind nearly knocked me over , and I wondered how we were going to take off .
va	O	Susan was at her best here , and they went through the variations quickly .
va	I	The tension is so thick you could cut it with a knife , but I 'm not sure at what point things got awkward between us .
va	I	I think I might burn from the heat , and our top lips touch .
va	O	His optimism was admirable , but a worrying feeling remained lodged in my gut .
va	O	The hissing nearby grew louder as the beasts approached , but Justus looked about , laughing .
va	O	She took his arm gratefully , and they headed toward the exit .
va	I	Valeria tried to clinch , but to start , Lea threw a left uppercut at Valeria 's body .
va	O	I don 't know if anyone 's with her , but there 's an open window .
va	I	Flat broke and her last relationship was the reason she was now soaking up the sun .
va	O	No limits there , nor boundaries , only the nostrils quivering at the game , the surging musculature , the body fluids , the scent of decadence .
va	I	She decided she simply couldn 't take the risk , but a small part of her wondered if she was overreacting .
va	I	He wasn 't but Doug thought he was helping .
va	I	Chloe lost herself to it completely , and it was even better than their first kiss .
va	I	Honestly I couldn 't help myself , but I asked , knowing it would get me into more trouble .
va	O	She went to stand and I grabbed her hand .
va	I	He was doubtful , but the gunslinger nodded .
va	I	Then it was more than she could do to stand , and it took her a moment to struggle from beneath his confining weight .
va	I	He felt himself burn with her , and her skin was hot against his .
va	I	Since I transferred late in the game , I barely made friends , and I kept to myself .
va	O	The vampire worked out with a passion and it showed .
va	O	They had said they were going to look for her brother , and they were actually doing it .
va	I	She looked at me in confusion and her voice was distant .
va	I	It wasn 't but it was morning .
va	O	I needed him inside of me and he needed to be there , too .
va	I	We hadn 't been there for Dale Graham , but we 'd managed to save one person last night .
va	O	The man seemed to be even more intractable than his father , and he hadn 't thought that was possible .
va	I	I took it , setting it next to me and she held a mug out .
va	I	It was there , burning deep in his gut , but he didn 't understand where it had come from .
va	I	They had to land somewhere and they had to come from somewhere .
va	I	Vincent was looking at me with a suggestive look on his face and I snapped back to the present .
va	O	Mayank could feel it but he could not help .
va	I	Just before she had fully disappeared , Auron clutched her shoulder and he leaped .
va	I	I cut off the com link , but she starts to respond .
va	O	She disliked her lack of information about this phantom employer , but then again she had little choice .
va	O	He wanted to pull her into the moment , but she obviously wasn 't ready for such a move .
va	O	Most outlaws were discussed in great detail amongst packs , but she couldn 't fit his circumstances with the name of any outlawed wolves .
va	O	Quickly he tried another finger and still nothing happened .
va	I	At least I wasn 't a shaky mess anymore , but I didn 't feel much better .
va	O	He shook his head and I looked at him .
va	O	Her little hand starts to slide down my body but I stop her .
va	O	The two women went into the kitchen , and Jamie pulled a bottle of Grey Goose from her freezer .
va	O	I 'm obsessed with saucers , but I 've never even seen a good photo of one because their presence disrupts electronics .
va	O	Mel was my fireworks , my everything , and because of that , she needed to be punished the way she was punishing me .
va	I	I 'll be back shortly and I mention that I 'm very hungry .
va	I	Another hovering at his shoulder , and the slender man sat with one shadow poised across the table .
va	O	Her hair appeared to be gray but this might have been a mistake .
va	O	She scratched my back and I felt her body shuddering underneath mine as she came .
va	I	He remembered who he was -- a Changeling from a hidden world called Fae and Everything seemed to crumble around him .
va	I	He wouldn 't notice , as long as I got the vegetables done and I could probably go to the moon .
va	I	Mitch leaned forward to explain and the waitress brought out their orders of soup .
va	I	She 'd already ducked into the dressing room , but I went to say as much .
va	O	Dani still had some tubes connected to her , but the color had returned to her cheeks .
va	I	I broke the kiss , looking down , and I remembered what else happened that night .
va	O	It 's been one year since Thomas ' party and I can 't believe how far I 've come .
va	I	Her slender legs in white stockings flashed against the night , and her cloak swirled open to reveal a dove gray gown .
va	O	Hanna looked around , hoping Patrick might be here , but Sergio was the only representative from the photo shoot .
va	O	The door opens and I look up .
va	I	She winked at me , and Aunt Maddy 's dimples deepened .
va	O	She started to tell him she 'd prefer a bed , but the hunger in his gaze silenced her .
va	O	He was losing and he knew it .
va	I	We won 't give it to her and she wants one thing in this world .
va	O	Eye makeup made her eyes swell if she wore it too often , but she felt it was necessary tonight .
va	I	I will call should I have need , and I know you would come , Gabriel .
va	O	The eighteenth member was a vampire , but he was unlike most other vampire Dennis had seen .
va	I	His grip tightened , and his face lost its teasing expression .
va	O	When Elizabeth made a fuss over the baby , Natalia immediately invited her to the house , and the women went off together .
va	I	This is my thing and she 's my mom .
va	I	The walls around them grew silent , and her breath came in short pants .
va	I	He didn 't care , but he caught the men exchanging quick glances .
va	I	I try to figure out what she 's referring to , and there is something in her voice imploring me to concentrate .
va	O	She was all alone on this lonely planet , and she was going to die here , probably .
va	O	She went to a great deal of trouble to put on a good front , but she was barely surviving most days .
va	I	Someone had planted pink roses all around the house and there was a huge old maple tree in the front yard .
va	O	The fiend tossed me , and I skidded to the middle of a room .
va	O	Rebecca could feel her resolve weakening , and she made an effort to strengthen it once more .
va	I	She didn 't really care for him , but she had tried to do her best .
va	O	There was nowhere he wanted to be , and by tomorrow night the inevitable deal would have been reached with the authorities .
va	O	I twitch my lips , trying to force them apart , but they 're bound together .
va	I	My heart went out to him and his voice cracked .
va	I	After her marriage , our lives diverged , but when we 'd been children , we 'd been so close that we were almost one person .
va	O	He kissed her hard and she was lost again , flipping end over end through a maelstrom of lust .
va	O	When I heard Rachel liked me , I asked her out , and I kept asking her out .
va	I	Kenzie had already snatched it up , but I lunged forward to grab it .
va	O	His jagged teeth were stained with blood , and his skin seemed stretched tight against his skull .
va	O	The pair of hands holding Argos 's mouth released , and Argos gasped for breath .
va	O	Her eyes were a sea of flames , and her hair was practically crackling with energy .
va	I	There were hidden clues in the flyers posted on various social networks , but the advert had been disguised to look like a regular religious meeting .
va	O	Brianna desperately wished she could stop this irritating blushing , but it just kept rising up .
va	O	He came up on his elbows to return fire , but there was nothing to aim at .
va	I	Her legs wouldn 't hold her weight , but she wanted to follow Sebastian to the parking lot .
va	I	We won 't know until we move , but maybe we are in a war zone .
va	I	She 's crazy but I love her .
va	I	I wondered what it meant and I 'd never seen anything like it .
va	I	The living room was empty , but for a moment , I hoped I would find Logan asleep on my couch .
va	O	His tongue gently explored , and she trembled , her arms lifting to encircle his neck .
va	O	The pirate in him wanted to be enthralled by the beauty , but the gunner in him was disappointed .
va	O	The sound was music to his ears , and his wolf perked up at her happiness .
va	O	I may seem impulsive , but I 'm actually not .
va	I	I 'm not sure I understand it , but I love that Van is smiling right now .
va	O	She had wanted to help pay for me but I told her no so many times that she gave up .
va	I	No one else , not even Jett , had access to my account , but it was hard to believe that he 'd delete that email .
va	I	She focused on her assailant , still in a daze , and someone shook her .
va	O	She might not like that her father had thrown this at her , but she had accepted the challenge .
va	I	I don 't think she expects me to and I don 't say it back .
va	O	I hadn 't expected that , but I realized that it might make the rest of this business quite a bit easier than I 'd expected .
va	I	Sally sat in the bedroom watching Channel Five and the story was being broadcast live .
va	O	Franklin was putting a grocery list together and Greg was standing next to him , his arms around his mate .
va	I	V was as manipulative as they came , and just like a woman to work that way .
va	O	There was no backing out now , and she really didn 't want to .
va	I	Being extravagant isn 't an option anymore , but the place I 'm living in is a real dive .
va	I	The few rows of stitches he produced were lumpy , but Neil found the basic knitting stitches easy to follow .
va	O	He presses a code into a panel , and a small doorway opens .
va	I	His charm would be the key to finding her again and no one would ever believe what he did to her .
va	O	Yeah , I was probably in trouble , but wasn 't I always ?
va	O	You 've done so much for me , and you didn 't have to .
va	I	She flinched in pain and he captured her mouth with a desperate plea , until he pulled her closer .
va	I	It appeared he was checking out my neck and his head lowered .
va	I	Her heart pumped faster despite her head still railing against it , and he grinned wickedly .
va	I	I slid it over one of the pillows and Dad tossed a pillowcase at me .
va	I	She nodded at Simms when he offered to pour her tea , and Evie said .
va	O	I was a damp mess between my legs and I wondered if he could smell me .
va	I	He rose upon his feet , and one of the smartly dressed men asked .
va	O	Her car was closer , and she wouldn 't risk getting run over .
va	I	Gestures toward the doors to the building , as if the provenance of the concert were in question and he pauses .
va	O	She stared up at him in the moonlight and Jackson felt a surging roar of need rise within .
va	I	They were already healed , but he thought he 'd broken a few bones .
va	I	I 'm back to square one where I have nothing more than emptiness to accumulate my life and it was just a dream .
va	O	My voice broke and I started sobbing .
va	O	Sidney looked away from me and I saw him clutching something on his desk .
va	I	Get me out and now finally she had the perfect excuse to put Katie in the driver seat .
va	O	Poor Louisa , blaming herself , had tried to sow the seeds of forgiveness , but neither of us had let her .
va	I	Not looking at me , but he is waiting for me .
va	O	She was telling her story , getting out every gritty detail of her tortured life , but people were none the wiser .
va	O	They all shook hands again , exchanged business cards , and Jacques abruptly departed , tucking the cards inside his lapel pocket .
va	O	It hurt and she flinched .
va	O	My voice was still hoarse , but at least I had one .
va	I	I needed no urging , but I felt it pulling me .
va	O	We were destitute , and she was ill .
va	I	They had to get out , and before Michael could answer , the floor dinged arrival .
va	O	Abby had money , sure - but it was no big deal .
va	I	Even tone turned acerbic and Robert 's normally gentle .
va	I	The doors still wouldn 't budge , but there was an almighty bang .
va	I	I had to beat him off her one night with a baseball bat and he took a liking to Trish .
va	O	The smell of something delicious from the kitchen drifted down the stairs , and Iona 's stomach rumbled , her insatiable hunger raising its head again .
va	I	He ran back and several voices answered .
va	I	He was brushing me aside , and I deserved an equal say .
va	I	Her eyes widened and I walked over toward the bed .
va	O	She turned to frown at him , but he was staring past her , over her shoulder .
va	I	They grew more wild over the next two days , and festivities began that same day .
va	I	She just hadn 't been ready to hear it , but Something Ryder had told her before .
va	O	They did a good job and from their standpoint Buster Friendly 's disclosure was convincing .
va	O	She wasn 't wearing her running clothes , and her hair wasn 't in a ponytail .
va	I	He knows it and he 's gorgeous .
va	I	The wind was still and the porch was quiet .
va	O	His hips jerked and he cried out .
va	O	Mrs. Jordan 's voice was mesmerizing , and he could smell her light perfume .
va	O	She saw a flame burning brightly , and then the flame split in two .
va	I	She had finally derived a logical way to thwart the sound , but most likely , once she realized it , it would start again .
va	O	When he was done there were little yellow notes scattered everywhere , I could barely stand and his pants could barely contain his hard-on any longer .
va	O	It made talking a chore , but it was no bar to thinking when you were used to it .
va	I	They went outside and the trainer attached some weight to Bahl Bazaar legs .
va	I	Her face was pale , but when they stepped away , Mom was smiling .
va	O	I walked up the steps and Darla met me as she was coming out of the door .
va	O	She looked like somebody who was used to being in charge , but it seemed to me that she left most of her self-assurance at the door .
va	I	I stepped back and I felt something crawl through my mind .
va	O	Maybe the woman 's husband had returned from his trip early , or something else had interrupted her .
va	O	With every blow she grew more excited , and that in turn stoked my own arousal .
va	I	It was a possibility , but she didn 't travel Route 4 on the way home .
va	O	The words were muffled by the goo , but she understood them all the same .
va	I	Until she remembered more of them , she didn 't want to worry Kat , and several details were still sketchy even to her .
va	O	I 'd have a hard time tracking down anyone who had given me a fake credit now , but I do it out of habit .
va	O	Perhaps he 'd just gotten used to her accent , but he could have sworn she was speaking more clearly .
va	O	Sometimes it was lovingly and sometimes it was mockingly .
va	O	The riders didn 't have to wait long before the bars slid back and the great gate opened enough for the horses to pass through .
va	I	I was back to waiting and Gavin locked me in again .
va	O	He told himself she wouldn 't fall and the worst they were facing was a possible confrontation with the guard .
va	O	We 'd go to the movies , and he 'd hold my hand at some point as the storyline unfolded on screen .
va	I	Fish turned back to watch Oksana emerge from the bathroom , and the toilet flushed .
va	I	That annoyed the living hell out of him , and it was a question for which he had no answer .
va	I	Bart immediately saw how beautiful she was but she hadn 't wasted much time on makeup .
va	I	At least she 'd reconciled herself to reality , but it was too late for that .
va	I	We jogged off after them and final y , when the steps of the others had faded into the distance , he tugged my hand .
va	I	An oversized sweater swallowed her body , and her dark hair was swooped up into a sloppy ponytail on top of her head .
va	O	The flock of geese suddenly scattered , honking wildly , and Joe gave a single bark before he lunged off the porch .
va	I	Having his body buried deep within hers but Francesca could think of nothing .
va	O	The music escapes the speakers like a prison riot , and it 's all I can do not to puke right here on the dance floor .
va	O	Douglas Monroe took what he wanted , when he wanted it , and anyone who happened to be in his way got run over .
va	I	We lived in Copenhagen for a few years , but she came from Jutland .
va	I	That 's okay , you 'll pick her up at six , but yes , she lives five counties away .
va	O	My face grew hotter , but he didn 't stop .
va	I	The feeling was definitely mutual , and I looked at the young woman who called me her best friend .
va	I	She wasn 't considering them into the equation and of course nuclear weapons would cause major damage .
va	O	I cut myself carelessly with the scissors and blood was spilling out from my small wound .
va	I	I reached out to grab it off the nightstand , and ERIC I woke up to the crackling of my radio .
va	I	Steve sighed with relief that she hadn 't fallen , and their breathing was labored .
va	O	She glanced over her shoulder , but her hands stayed on me .
va	O	I had an excellent run and I just drove the doors off Frank 's old Ford .
va	O	She looked up , and seeing him she put on a smile .
va	I	It could not be denied that what Cole said was true , but she probably smelled a rat in his comment .
va	I	She snuggled against his chest and her eyes were closed .
va	I	All the hits to my head have made me unsteady , but I 'm trying so hard to push my energy forward .
va	O	Her eyes were red from crying , but she seemed her old self .
va	O	The buzzer sounded and the crowd cheered .
va	O	It was true that the last thing she had wanted was to fall in love with a vampire , but she wouldn 't change any of it .
va	I	He was lost to her , and her soft lilac scent tickled at his nose .
va	I	She walked toward him , locking her arms around his neck and he held his hands out to her .
va	I	I was able to slide back into the driver 's seat within a couple of minutes and for once the clasps weren 't difficult in my grasp .
va	O	There 's no answer , and I turn to Harlin , my cheeks still warm .
va	O	I swallowed quickly , but it kept coming .
va	O	We drove and I looked at my wrist where he had touched me .
va	O	I went back by the office , but Ricky wasn 't there .
va	I	You grabbed a Dr. Pepper instead and you told me it was okay .
va	O	She remembered her mother doing the same when she 'd been very young , and their persistence touched her heart .
va	O	It took a lot longer and his heart skipped some beats .
va	O	The lieutenant wasn 't pleased to see them , and he wasn 't happy about Joel being shirtless .
va	I	Nick gathered his things , waiting for the rest of the day to be over with and eventually class was over .
va	I	I couldn 't tell her the truth , and this poor girl was clearly Brianna 's sister .
va	O	She could sit by the pool all day long , but she would do nearly anything to avoid getting in .
va	I	Chase was eating it up , pulling into himself like oxygen , and they were in a frenzy .
va	I	The need was growing worse but he wasn 't ready to concede yet .
va	I	He didn 't come any closer , and my back straightened in warning .
va	I	He cursed his inattention to such details and a kettle sat empty over cold ashes in the fireplace .
va	O	Good thing I wasn 't human or my knuckles would have been bruised .
va	I	He 's always the one who nagged us about wearing sunscreen , and he 's hardly ever worn shorts , even at the beach .
va	I	Detective Basso walked me to the door , and we swung out of the car .
va	O	Sometimes it was awful ; and sometimes , just awkward .
va	O	Skye 's fingers went to her neck again , and he realized that she was seeking the noose .
va	O	Her eyes were grave , and her chestnut hair gleamed in the sunlight .
va	I	She acted like a little kid , but she looked like a mean girl .
va	O	He wasn 't involved in the war , and he intended to keep it that way .
va	O	Mr. Daniels nods , and then without saying anymore we leave the garage .
va	O	Her face became hard and her lips tightened as she mentioned her son 's name .
va	O	The shipment was going out the next morning , and our investors were coming in that day to take a peak before it went .
va	O	Tessa made as if to answer , but they had reached the drawing room .
va	O	I could , but it wasn 't worth the wrath I 'd get from Mom .
va	O	She was dead tired and she could smell herself .
va	I	He was , ultimately , Amelie 's friend first , but Claire didn 't think he 'd rat Shane out just because of that .
va	O	He gave me a polite nod , but his eyes had a wicked twinkle in them .
va	I	Not behaving like a schoolgirl and so much for being ancient .
va	O	I was horrified at what had happened to Tonia Lee , and I was trying very hard not to picture her as I 'd last seen her .
va	O	It hurt to think these things , but it helped me cope .
va	O	She had no one to blame but herself for the way things stood .
va	I	Didn 't , as a rule , hang out with psychos and Amanda , unlike her twin sister , wasn 't a lunatic .
va	I	The corners of her mouth curled upward , and she closed her eyes as she chewed .
va	I	She left happy and I explained to her that she couldn 't have had a more positive reading .
va	O	She almost wished her parents were there , but they were still up at the Gard .
va	O	That sense of impending doom deepened as the mist neared , and Lucien fought the urge to rush back through the door .
va	I	Making no sound with which he was familiar , but it was another moment entirely before he realized they were the church bells .
va	O	She had a few things in her mind , but she needed something to start the conversation with .
va	O	NET may be easy to negotiate once you 're inside , but from the outside it appears to be locked up tight .
va	O	He kissed me , and I let him .
va	O	Julian took the stairs , two at a time , and headed for the side service door , preferring not to run into any of the family .
va	O	She had once talked of a career in public service , but after four years on the Hill she was fed up with bureaucracies .
va	O	A few well placed swings later and the door was off its hinges .
va	O	I could tell she was still crying but I didn 't know what to do .
va	O	My knees crumple beneath me , and he grabs my collar almost carelessly , dragging me toward the elevator bank .
va	I	His eyes wavered between them , and Garrett 's eyebrows scrunched together .
va	I	Now there is no trace of wind and the sphere of light is almost transparent .
va	O	That last bit was for Grandma , and Matt laughed at his own joke .
va	I	He turned his head towards us slightly and Ali 's face began to light up .
va	O	She hoped he would go now that he had his way but he didn 't .
va	I	I just screamed all the more , but a strong hand covered my mouth .
va	I	There wasn 't a drop of water in sight , and we were in the bedroom Calliope had kept me in for nine months .
va	I	This had only inspired her mother to go on with it , and their wedding had been hotly opposed in private by her family .
va	I	They saw nothing , but they kept a close eye out for things like the one that had attacked Dee .
va	O	Maybe his luck would be looking up and Shane would be in bed .
va	I	His head was spinning profusely , and his whole body was hurting .
va	O	She reached a skeletal hand toward my stomach , and I jerked away from her grasp .
va	I	I leap to my feet and panic surges in my breast .
va	I	I figured my regular garb would help to dress it down , but the jacket was way more class than I was used to .
va	O	I definitely wanted it to be more than friends , but for now that was the absolute truth .
va	O	The man was ready for revenge , but all involved refused to even consider it .
va	O	Tears streamed down her face , but she swiped them away angrily .
va	O	Thomas hadn 't thought of that for some reason , but the thought of it didn 't make him feel anymore at ease .
va	I	I was completely taken aback by the gesture , and in my entire lifetime this had never happened .
va	O	The child was choking now and the man was beating her .
va	I	Even though he spoke in his lowest tone , his voice boomed , and his heavy brows drew together .
va	O	Ruby also got her a brassiere , but she doesn 't put that on .
va	O	I like her , a lot , but I 'm in love with Olivia .
va	I	She wouldn 't dare say that , but actually , Kylie had doubts about Miranda 's protecting abilities .
va	I	I wondered what had made this guy so happy and he smiled the largest smile I 'd ever seen .
va	I	His perception of his surroundings remained effortlessly detailed , but his eyes saw less .
va	I	It was still difficult to let James go , but he knew he was making the right decision .
va	I	She noted that most of the cabins on the narrow street seemed to be closed up , and Brandon drove slowly down the quiet road .
va	I	I wasn 't sure if I would have been able to forgive myself either and what I 'd done was wrong .
va	O	The windows steamed up , and the rain pelted down .
va	I	I failed , and my only job was to ensure her safety .
va	I	All sip the wine and the glasses clink together .
va	O	The stranger smiled brightly , and even in the pre-dawn light , his teeth shone white against his olive skin .
va	O	Auditors tend to work on location and Audrey rarely came into the office .
va	O	The shark didn 't move at first and blood was flowing from a massive wound .
va	I	Then he pulled the meter stick away from her , and as if a battle was raging inside him , his arm trembled .
va	I	A slow smile crept over my face before I could stop it and the rush of the knowledge tipped the emotional scales to my wolf .
va	I	I laughed as we broke apart , and he looped an arm around my waist , practically lifting me up off the ground .
va	O	I was hanging out just down the riverbank from the club , keeping an eye out for Kelsey , and I hit answer .
va	O	The next day Beck told me I didn 't have to do my schoolwork if I didn 't want to , and he went driving by himself .
va	I	I knew he meant it , and his eyes glittered with anger .
va	I	I was woken up by a knock on the front door but I wasn 't sure how long it had been .
va	I	She bit down on the words , but she obviously wanted to say more .
va	O	Amanda does the personal background research , and I mentally kick myself for not reading her brief .
va	O	I knew we were putting on a show that would have put my mother 's water debacle to shame , but I didn 't care .
va	I	It was even more of a shock to her but her violent reaction was an obvious shock to him .
va	I	He loved her unpredictability and a pink stripe gleamed in her hair these days .
va	O	Laurel is cuddling with her daughter and her parents look relieved .
va	I	The vision , the sounds faded away , and I blinked .
va	O	He moved into the doll house , but doll furniture was not designed for comfort .
va	I	Trembling all over but his wiry coat covered a heavily muscled body , which was hot .
va	O	His Black jewels were almost drained , but he held on , held on , held on as they floated onto the Black web .
va	I	I squinted , unable to make out where I was and my vision narrowed .
va	O	Discomfort crawled across Sam 's face , and Garrett flinched .
va	I	Old crusted blood still clings to it in places , and the rest of his face is battered .
va	I	Jared tightened his grip to keep me on my feet , and when recognition hit that Claire was speaking of my father , my knees buckled .
va	I	Soon all would be destroyed and if that came to pass , the Nomads need only stop the shipments of the precious salt .
va	I	He also had a number of other messages , but he had the inevitable chaser message as expected .
va	I	He 'd never looked twice at her , and she 'd liked Jason Mulroney in middle school .
va	I	Anyone she caught laughing , a stern look , and Penelope gave him .
va	I	She could sense the distrust from the child , the instinctual dislike , and Levana met her stare .
va	O	I had to take the call , but I 'm sorry .
va	O	She should 've taken that as a warning , but she was too frantic to heed it .
va	O	Will doubled over and Jessie 's grin grew .
va	O	came a familiar voice from behind us , and we jerked around .
va	O	Her lashes fluttered and her head fell back as a moan escaped her .
va	O	Caroline smiled triumphantly and her mouth watered with just the thought of that savory gumbo .
va	O	That 's an unexpected blow , but I should have been prepared .
va	O	We were all born within five years of each other , Sadie 21 , Danielle 19 , and Alexandria had just turned 17 .
va	I	My heart unexpectedly started pounding and he paused .
va	O	Our lips connect somewhere in the middle and I grip her thigh , bending one of her legs up to my side as I rock into her .
va	O	Even in August at a weekend a detective was liable to be called from her headquarters , and no one else was likely to be calling her .
va	I	I was convinced she was the prettiest woman in this stadium , and I didn 't think she had a stitch of makeup on .
va	I	I had already pieced together some disturbing scenarios , and my mind had been racing ahead since taking in this fact from Davila 's lecture .
va	O	He rose and her arms fell off his body .
va	O	A part of his mind was insisting that it was female , but he hadn 't seen enough in the darkness to be sure .
va	I	Blood flowed and the fangs retreated .
va	I	The humid air in the room seemed to hang heavier , thick with anticipation , and he went very , very still .
va	I	It was brief but a smile stretched across my face .
va	O	He led them here , and more will come .
va	O	She promised me that everything would be okay and she would stay glued to my side .
va	O	He walked away without further word , and this time , Mac didn 't try to stop him .
va	I	She was able to see how tortured his eyes were and he raised his head .
va	I	He managed to quell it but the urge was almost overwhelming .
va	O	His eyes got a predatory gleam in them , and he sat up , leaning in toward me .
va	I	His brown eyes watched her , and his graying hair was swept to the side of his tall forehead .
va	O	His mouth reaches my lips and he slips his tongue inside .
va	I	It was hard to tell for certain , but I think it had been a man .
va	O	He couldn 't believe Devlin had done that to her , and he certainly hadn 't expected him to threaten to kidnap Eloise .
va	O	He loved The Passion of Joan of Arc and we watched it often .
va	O	My hands fel to my sides , and I blew my bangs from my face in a huff .
va	O	The reporter seemed disappointed but she nodded in understanding .
va	O	He cracked the reins , and the horses moved forward into the gathering gloom .
va	O	He spent most of the quiet morning on his letter , and typed it himself .
va	O	He is growing exceedingly pale , very weak , and the bleeding will not cease .
va	O	Maggie laughed , but the sound was completely devoid of humor .
va	O	As they stood together beneath it , a faint light appeared , and the voice that spoke down to them was very soft .
va	I	The sight of other people crying always brought tears to her own eyes , but she didn 't know why .
va	I	His life , only the tempestuous , delirious time with her or he 'd woken up remembering nothing about himself .
va	O	Slowly the mass disappeared and the railway station started to prepare itself for the night .
va	O	I look over at him and he smiles that perfect smile .
va	I	He 'd been especially irritable at the diner , but he was always short-tempered when Cain was around .
va	I	Marshall is getting into his car , and before I know it , we 're in the teacher 's parking lot .
va	O	His eyes glistened as he faced me again , and I ran my hand back through his hair .
va	I	She recognized it so and he said it kindly .
va	I	He 'll bring you to the house and I 'll be checking in by phone .
va	I	This little bastard was pumping my hand like I was some big wheel but I wanted to say more .
va	O	She walked away from him again , and this time he let her go .
va	O	The police upstairs were interrogating the woman he wanted ... but he couldn 't think about that .
va	O	I wanted to back away but I didn 't stop pushing against the door .
va	I	He knew it was necessary , but she could tell he didn 't like the idea .
va	O	You had better not say anything untoward to the Welsh or you 'll regret it .
va	O	Her head was reeling , and she felt as if she 'd been punched in the stomach .
va	I	The whole bar erupted in applause , and someone clapped when he did a little dance move , right up on stage in front of everyone .
va	I	He kissed her passionately , and his lips sought her mouth .
va	O	I was excited to see Adam and that was definitely better than avoidance .
va	O	Her sword was strapped securely over her shoulder , and her thin shackles were tucked into her belt at her back .
va	O	The fighting was spreading across the entire room now , and I had to duck a chair that someone threw .
va	I	That marks us out for destruction , and these men are our Hope .
va	I	He kept his end of the agreement , but the complicity brought a smile to Arin .
va	I	It was a terrible wound , but brownies are a tough lot .
va	O	There was a sleeping bag at his feet , and their Coleman stove lay a few yards beyond .
va	O	Viktor knew playing cards were illegal , but surely the punishment wasn 't death .
va	I	She would not let him have her , but she didn 't know how it would happen .
va	I	I know that I would need a rest , but not that I was going to quit anytime .
va	O	There 's a massive black iron gate with spikes flickering green flames , but that is not what 's starting to freak me out .
va	O	It hit him straight in the face and it sent him rolling several times over himself .
va	O	He didn 't much care for having his itinerary checked , but he couldn 't afford to cause any ripples now .
va	O	His teeth were too straight , and his posture was too perfect .
va	I	She kind of knocked him down but Justin tried to catch the woman .
va	I	They were the versions meant for human ears , but I 'd shared some general ideas with Frannie .
va	O	Back at the office I continued to drink water and by the early afternoon I was feeling myself again .
va	O	She starts to roll to the side to move away , but I put my arm next to her so she can 't get too far .
va	I	When I don 't , he clears his throat , and he waits for me to reply .
va	O	Connor looked at him and Ian shook his head .
va	I	On the other side , the figures of dancing students , and I could still see Nuala , a dark form in the voracious flames .
va	I	I built a fire , and we went into a nearby grove of trees .
va	I	It wasn 't happening now , but they 'd have to talk .
va	I	I smiled , and he listed a few reasons why that was impossible .
va	O	He placed his hands together , and she did the same .
va	I	The driver of the SUV kept pace with me , but I accelerated until I was going ten over the speed limit .
va	O	His friends were here , gifts from the Father , and now they were lifting him to the courts of heaven itself with their prayers .
va	I	I didn 't dare , but I wanted to run a hand over him .
va	I	I couldn 't take the silence anymore , and several minutes passed .
va	O	Blood streamed down Brim 's cheek , and Sebastian had a long red welt over the side of his face .
va	O	It 's a massive place and it was nice to see where Dad worked .
va	O	Something was guiding me to the park , and I was okay letting things play out there .
va	I	I bet you weren 't the first time , but you could have been very careful on this last occasion .
va	I	Ted had certain advantages as well , but Joe would be tough to kill .
va	I	As I picked them up , James knelt beside me to help , and a few of the sticks I 'd gathered fell to the ground .
va	O	I was a fool and I paid for it .
va	O	It could be five minutes or it could be an hour .
va	O	The elf reached out to slap me for the second time , but I 'd grown tired of the show .
va	I	The surface was brushed instead of polished and it was about ten feet in diameter .
va	O	His head was clear , but he felt terribly weak .
va	I	I could see nothing inside , but he could look out .
va	I	The sky was splashed with thin feathery clouds , and it was quite a sunny day .
va	I	None admitted to knowing where she was , but the next day he approached the staff .
va	I	At last she followed his gaze to the four of them , and the general stopped .
va	I	There was still a good chance she 'd never see it in the mess , but he 'd placed it in a prominent spot .
va	I	She died , and she asked .
va	O	She couldn 't see Marbury , but Cate knew he 'd shrugged .
va	I	It was somehow leaked , but he was not supposed to have this knowledge .
va	O	He makes a face but he still answers it .
va	I	His eyes filled with emotion and I watched as he thought .
va	I	He 'd never force her but he 'd wanted her to leave the city .
va	O	Miller may look like a bum off the street , but he 's meticulous about how he keeps this place .
va	I	The police couldn 't prove it , but he did know the name .
va	O	Her eyes show how she feels and she is not afraid like most .
va	O	Jim 's clear tones filled her heart with warmth , but it did nothing for her feet .
va	O	I 'd lived in Colorado for five years , but before that , the longest I 'd ever lived in one place was four months .
va	O	I slept with J , and I didn 't even know it !
va	I	My legs wobbled like jello and I stood up .
va	O	He walked away , laughing , and I turned away with a red face before starting to gather more branches .
va	O	Max said , but it was a question rather than a statement .
va	O	It was almost like the waves of pleasure that she had occasionally experienced illicitly , but in another way it felt like feathery wings tickling her inside .
va	O	He 'd never been one to beg for anything and yet she managed to degrade him to this every single time they were together .
va	I	The air is sucked from my lungs , but I open my mouth to scream again .
va	I	He began to wonder if they were on the same topic and lukas looked at the excited expression on Nemesis ' face .
va	I	Her belief that Cynthia should be driven away was clear , but I don 't know why she was comparing Finn to prey .
va	O	It was a piece of trash like all French products , but it was inexpensive .
va	I	When she felt his warmth flood her , she was still in bliss , and his movements , his obvious desperation , prolonged her pleasure .
va	O	My heart is racing , and yet I feel ashamed that we stopped here to kiss when so much is at stake .
va	O	My eyes flicker open and I look at Sean .
va	I	His eyes are glinting with malice as he closes in on me , leaning forward into my face and his smile is derisive .
va	I	The events of the previous evening flooded my memory , and I realized I was on the couch in the living area of the hotel suite .
va	I	The exposed end lit up and she snapped her fingers again .
va	I	They said so , and they saw wonders .
va	O	Flashes continued to pop and the camera clicked away .
va	O	We 'd been friends for a while , and she was there when I needed someone .
va	I	She let him and Julia knew he was trying to distract her .
va	O	Sam laughed , and I tried .
va	O	Abbey was in Melbourne and he was in Sydney .
va	O	Thomas stared at Anna for a few more seconds and Anna waited to see if there was anything else to say .
va	O	Moonlight shrouded her face but he recognized her immediately .
va	I	I fell backward , and he yanked hard .
va	I	I tried to control it and I felt my body shake .
va	O	Our team had made the playoffs for the first time in three years , and as Smitten Kittens captain , that should have made me ecstatic .
va	O	The room hushed and all eyes darted toward Nadine Russo .
va	O	He 'd think of something , some way to fix the situation , but he had to know what was going on .
va	O	Believe me , they act as ambassadors and they don 't make mistakes in protocol .
va	O	He steps a little too hard , and the CD skips as the tabletop bounces under his feet .
va	I	The magic flowed freely and it was all allowed .
va	I	They studied the pile of branches on the floor and lacy backed out of the tree .
va	O	I raised the bar , and with one hard push , I shoved it into the soft spot at the hollow of his throat .
va	O	I 've been her a little over a month and I don 't speak the language at all .
va	I	It seems you have as well and I have enjoyed our correspondence immensely .
va	I	Anger flickered across his features , but Thayer let out a laugh .
va	I	During that time , I 'd dreamed nonstop about the land , and the longest I 'd gone without was about a month .
va	I	It might not have had anything to do with how he acted while undercover , but I don 't know what happened in your uncle 's situation .
va	O	You 've got a heart like a warrior , and I am so proud of you .
va	O	She wasn 't Claudia , and neither was this girl I 'd just killed .
va	O	I 'd never attended a school basketball game back home , but I doubted the crowds there were quite so inclusive .
va	O	The jarring blow knocks the wind out of me and I struggle to breathe as I gather my wits .
va	I	It was really starting to bother her now and she couldn 't put her finger on her wariness .
va	I	There is always a scar , but now Josie knew she kept them to remind her that broken things can be mended .
va	O	Now it was Erikson 's chance , and Castilla figured he had earned it .
va	O	My world was changing , and I realized my desire to feel safe was a childhood fantasy .
va	I	Nothing was there , but his hand was on her throat , trying to feel for a pulse .
va	O	I feel very cold , but I think it 's just the air conditioning they keep on in the library most of the time .
va	I	His weight bore down on him , pinning him firmly to the floor , but Jason tried to force Adam off him .
va	O	He had already softened her defenses , but truly winning her affections would require a different kind of dance than he was used to .
va	O	You know as well as I how easily gossip stimulates gossip , and when it catches fire it begins to spread in every direction .
va	I	Everything is still around us and we take off .
va	O	Her own stroking increased as if to encourage him , and she heard him catch his breath .
va	I	The world exploded and his tongue plunged into my mouth .
va	O	Anyway the locals gave me a lead on the Lindisfarne killing , and it seemed like a good match .
va	O	Yes , things have sucked , but I 'd go through it all again if I had to .
va	O	So I don 't know what that means for you in terms of your punishment , but you should talk to them again .
va	I	Alix opened her eyes to look at him , and his voice fell .
va	O	A thud sounded beside her , and Isaac reached for her foot .
va	I	When gunfire was heard extra attention was given to the matter but Crime never took a holiday .
va	O	I went into the office irregularly , but I could barely concentrate even on the simple tasks I was assigned .
va	O	It sprang to life and I reread the itinerary .
va	I	He knew it , and her injuries had healed .
va	O	It was an awful breakup , and we 'd only been together for a month .
va	I	Obviously giving up control freaked her out , and she hadn 't been intimate with a man since the fire .
va	O	I glance up and sure enough Eli is staring at me .
va	I	We fight for it and we defend our home .
va	O	His eyes look tired and his posture went slack .
va	O	They 're clouding my mind and I don 't know how to stop it .
va	I	He blushed while Simon chuckled , and Logan 's stomach growled noticeably then .
va	O	Roth put his hand on the small of my back , and I hadn 't realized I 'd stepped forward until then .
va	O	It was odd to feel that way about him , but the circumstances of living in the trench had that effect on a man .
va	O	Abby smoothed David 's hot forehead with her palm and he settled back to sleep .
va	O	Three pounced on me and I jammed the stake up into the nearest one as another kicked me in the head .
va	I	He thrust his tongue inside , taking all the Chocolate Fudge Brownie he desired and he teased the seam of her closed lips until she opened .
va	I	Her skin was flushed with heat , and when he finally made himself pull back , her big eyes had already gone hazy again with desire .
va	O	I slowly shook my head , and he understood what I meant .
va	I	The time had dragged because I missed him so much , but we had only been apart for a couple of weeks .
va	I	I should have died in that fire , and I could hear it telling me that everything I am is evil .
va	O	I wasn 't shaking in my boots , but he 'd made me think twice .
va	O	I was wildly attracted to him the instant I set eyes on him , but even so , I didn 't like him .
va	O	I don 't know how to make things that mattered before important again and I 'm terrified I never will .
va	O	Dad stopped the car in a garage and we got out .
va	I	Only the poison blood can kill her , but the Mortal Dagger will dispel her power .
va	O	Blood poured from my neck wound to splatter on the floor , but I didn 't care .
va	I	It 's impossible , but I tell myself .
va	O	I thought it was impossible , but there it is .
va	I	He glanced around for somewhere to hide , and they hadn 't noticed him yet .
va	I	It sounds accusatory , and this comes from Bob .
va	I	He stretched lazily , and he felt the instant surge of heat racing through his own body in answer .
va	O	I could tell by his formal tone that he had people either near him , or watching him closely .
va	O	I was exhausted , but sleep would be evasive .
va	O	She had never been with anyone so well-endowed , and it took her a moment to adjust to his size .
va	I	She didn 't try to pull away , and I still had her hand in mine .
va	I	Archimedes turned and Tony strolled in .
va	I	It would benefit mightily , although Dean wondered how many of the guests actually cared about music , and Tonight 's charity was the opera .
va	I	Doing so did her little good , but she quickly rifled through it .
va	O	He was still smiling , but it was his eyes that gave him away .
va	I	I guess her parents were horrified at their daughter 's indiscretions and my father had deserted her in the middle of the pregnancy .
va	O	She 's good with the hoover but I guess she skips on the dusting .
va	I	She was lost to him ... and one touch , one kiss .
va	O	It was empty , and the room was dark .
va	I	Several people start shushing everyone and eventually the music is turned down .
va	O	Many Orcs had fallen , but fully two hundred remained .
va	O	Nothing has ever made sense and it probably never will .
va	I	Hartley 's lips curled in a shy smile and his words seemed to flow more easily now .
va	O	I was dying to share the underground club with Alexander , but a culture full of bloodthirsty vampires is exactly what Alexander had left behind in Romania .
va	I	Everything turned to darkness for only a split second before a light shattered it to pieces , and my questioned went unanswered as my eyes grew heavy .
va	I	That was just one possible window out of this existence but it gave the illusion of flying high in the sky .
va	I	I know this is going to go badly and he asks .
va	I	She said nothing , but Ella 's eyes narrowed .
va	I	Austin stopped in her tracks , and it was followed by something that sounded like a stick snapping .
va	O	He declared for the King but after the war he was forced to swear allegiance to Parliament .
va	I	Married women remain attractive through the years , and it 's just that times have changed .
va	O	Ross realized that the coroner 's man was showing off , and it irritated her .
va	O	For the first several seconds nothing happened , but then his tongue began to lap up the drops while they were still in the air .
va	O	Concentrating on her dish enabled her to escape reality and she took full advantage .
va	I	After that he kept his emotional breakdowns to a minimum , and they put him in solitary confinement for a little while .
va	I	She couldn 't hear me but I yelled again for Meagan .
va	O	Her smile faded and her eyes softened .
va	I	She bucked me off before I could sever it entirely but the knife bit deep .
va	O	Everything I 've said seems logical to me , but my voice feels a little out of control .
va	O	I grab for it expectantly , and then pause when I see the number .
va	O	I felt his mouth open , and he slid his tongue into my mouth .
va	O	Gage had come to dinner the night before with Daksha and they 'd gone over Hunter 's entire routine .
va	O	Her father might not have died like Natasha 's , but she missed him just the same .
va	I	He hadn 't really chosen to be with her even then , and Matt had been with Stephanie only that one night , when they were sixteen .
va	O	It took Henry a moment to think of something to counter her , and when he did , he knew he clung to false hope .
va	I	His secretary wasn 't sure where he could be reached and Jackson wasn 't at his own office .
va	I	His eyes showed no emotion and his face was completely expressionless .
va	I	He left the fires of southeast France for the fires of home , and he sat from exhaustion , from 5,000 miles , from twelve hours .
va	O	He 'd just been grieving for Jessica and in the middle of it his thoughts darted off to another woman .
va	I	There was nothing blank in her face now , and she was wearing one of her Hecate Hall blue suits .
va	I	He had to get it right , and this was the big game .
va	I	Max lay down , resting his head on his paws , and he collapsed on the glider next to her .
va	O	It eventually disappeared among the low evergreens , but before it did the reporter was able to identify the vehicle .
va	I	I slip into it and he holds it out .
va	O	He didn 't know what he had expected a werewolf 's home to look like , but this wasn 't it .
va	I	I ' got ' him , on average , once a week , but he never fell for it twice in an evening .
va	O	Neville , being an academic , often came into contact with poets , but he was always careful to wash his hands afterwards .
va	I	Lying on the ground seemed like a good idea , and I was tired .
va	I	He eagerly allowed me into his mouth , and neither of us took the kiss slow .
va	I	She gave it , and his tongue quested for entrance .
va	O	A voice hailed David just then , and he paused to speak with the young woman , the wife of one of his students .
va	I	Haymitch chuckles , but Plutarch looks offended .
va	O	He 'd gone to his wolf and that wolf had snapped heads off two vampires who 'd just murdered their wives .
va	O	He took a step back , and now he looked befuddled .
va	O	She needs to realize no one but obscurities are on that schedule on a Saturday in Miles .
va	I	Walt beat her to it , but Tanya was pondering a reply .
va	I	Most are close to joining our ranks , and they are few .
va	O	Max isn 't Humbert Humbert , and I am not his nymphet .
va	I	After that they were on their own financially , and July would be their last attempt .
va	I	It seems to boost his too and my mood perks up .
va	O	I didn 't particularly feel like eating anything that we 'd found here but we couldn 't turn down the extra food .
va	I	They 're going to find us together and Police is surely searching you now !
va	O	Tate was sure she 'd seen almost exactly the same thing before , and suddenly the picture was clear in her mind .
va	I	There you have it , but it sounded ridiculous to me now , too .
va	O	His long fingers were laced together on his chest and a maroon velvet pillow was placed under his head .
va	O	We 've played friendly but he keeps pushing .
va	I	She can be a snotty little twit when she remembers to work at it , but the girl 's all right .
va	O	His eyes flicked to wildcat white , and he gave Diego another long look .
va	I	I can see right into the living room and the curtain 's falling down on one side .
va	O	His Adam 's apple leaped once , twice , and his hand found Abbey 's leg again .
va	I	She 's still crying , but she nods .
va	I	She looked more beautiful each day , and her beauty had grown with age .
va	O	Silver went inside , and Ken was about to follow .
va	I	The incident in Paris had come to weigh heavily on his shoulders but the young officer had always shown a great deal of potential .
va	I	It 's common that they are , but they aren 't always long range .
va	I	She liked hearing it , but she knew he really didn 't have the ability to keep that promise .
va	O	We had made a complete circuit , and now we stood on the coast .
va	O	They are scared and they should be .
va	O	It didn 't sound right , yet I had no evidence to argue otherwise .
va	I	Now I was the one in control and I had taken what I wanted .
va	I	A few seconds later it hit the pile of rocks straight on and the rocket went forward !
va	I	Deep laughter filled the car , and the driver tilted his head .
va	I	A more formal command hierarchy would be demanded from the officers of the fleet and it would not be long before his reign would be questioned .
va	O	Most of the spray-painted words looked sloppy , but a few had been expertly rendered with gleaming metallic letters .
va	O	She had no idea why his hold was so strong on her , but she couldn 't make herself fight against it .
va	I	His arm is scraped raw and his eye is so engorged it blends in with his face .
va	I	He was juvenile enough to find that hilarious , but none of us had even read them .
va	I	Miranda wouldn 't have it but I would have been happy to join the mass numbers on the sand .
va	O	I don 't like ghost and I don 't like spirit .
va	O	The commotion is gone , and others are back to the wall , shooting orbs .
va	I	This was what he lived for , but Grey was on his night off .
va	I	He was separated from them , protected from their crippling effects , but those emotions were still there .
va	I	He couldn 't fathom from where but Horace thought he recognised the name .
va	O	There hadn 't been many other kisses to report , but this one seemed to blindside her .
va	I	I roll my eyes , and he smiles at me .
va	O	She held put her hand up and I met her palm with mine .
va	O	Mac was sure there was a pizza joke in there somewhere , but he couldn 't think of it right then .
va	O	She had things to think about and she needed to think without distractions .
va	I	I 'd be dead , or she didn 't hit any major organs .
va	O	Bob wasn 't prepared to argue , but for his own peace of mind , he needed reassurance .
va	O	Hearsay was released from the closet , and the men crept into the carport .
va	I	The reverse was never true , but it seemed like she was always there for Sam .
va	I	He 'd managed to save most of it , and he had , however , been paid well for his skills .
va	O	His smile was too knowing , and Claire flushed at being caught .
va	O	Sure , they argued from time to time about stupid stuff , but they never went to bed angry .
va	O	He could hear feet running towards them , but they were on the same street as the café .
va	O	Rusty had been quick to condemn Eve for deserting her siblings , but it was in fact a selfless gesture on Eve 's part .
va	I	A couple of his teeth were missing , and he looked as if he were smuggling golf balls under his eyelids .
va	I	The day was declining and the evening was strengthening .
va	O	Julie thought it would be a good idea to have some fresh air , and so , she went to the backyard .
va	I	Matthew saw this as a bad sign and he was obviously peeved by her condemnation .
va	I	I envied him and he wore a full-body smile .
va	O	I apologized for offending her and I told her my name .
va	O	I 'll review it , and then Elizabeth can look through it .
va	I	He must 've taken pity on me because he left them behind , but I expected Nicolai to remove my books .
va	I	I didn 't see Roth , but I scanned the loft again .
va	I	We headed north , and Max seemed convinced .
va	O	It was a gala evening , and there was a feeling of excited expectation in the large hall .
va	I	His tone seemed a trifle less certain , and he still refused to look at her .
va	O	He saw it all as though through her eyes , and he knew it was very long ago .
va	I	It was heavenly and I took a bite .
va	I	I 'll believe and you tell me that there 's an answer .
va	I	Both of them turned at the sound , and from a tree bordering the corral came the sound of an owl calling from a low-hanging branch .
va	I	I 'm quick to shake her parents hands , and we clear the table .
va	O	Josh handed me the bag he 'd brought from the grocery store but it felt significantly smaller than I had expected .
va	O	It wasn 't shiny new , and it wasn 't old .
va	O	It was time and he returned to the door ready to take what was coming to him .
va	O	He looked at me and we both looked down at the chalk line .
va	I	You can use it for something , or you can let your anger destroy you .
va	O	I waded out far enough to where my weight had shifted to something lighter , and I could hold myself up easily on one foot .
va	O	No one was spared , however , and no one doubted .
va	O	A strangled sound escapes my lips and black spots appear in my vision .
va	O	She knew he was right , but she rebelled at the thought .
va	I	The smell of rain was in the air , and II The sky was white , perfectly white .
va	I	She asked for a ride to the hospital and it was difficult to see anything now .
va	O	I opened my mouth , but no words came out .
va	O	Gregor caught snippets of their conversation , but nothing that made sense .
va	I	They stepped out onto a slate patio with a view over a formal rose garden and Simon opened a pair of French doors .
va	I	He rolls his eyes around so he can look up at me without lifting his head and I say to him .
va	O	One sword defended and the other struck .
va	O	The expression was commonplace , but she meant it sincerely .
va	O	He stayed for about 2 months in our hospital and they became very close , in love in fact .
va	O	We lie there breathing together for a bit , and I can see my breath in the moonlight .
va	O	Your choice is the choice of Regulus , and I honor you for it .
va	I	The tips of arrows were sticking up from their chests , yet the soldiers from the other night had their eyes closed .
va	O	He grabbed all three of her heavy bags and she followed with her purse .
va	I	He nodded curtly before teleporting away and Jacob waved to one of his men .
va	O	Until that moment I hadn 't thought about it , but he was absolutely right .
va	I	I couldn 't let him know that , but Returning was harder than I 'd imagined .
va	O	Karen still couldn 't understand the words , but she knew that her mother was afraid .
va	O	It was a cool night , and the air felt like a relief against her face .
va	I	He shook as the horrible images replayed in his mind , and the memories of what he had seen rushed over him .
va	O	His erection was like silken steel in my mouth and I reveled in his uncontrollable reactions to my caresses .
va	O	I sincerely doubt it , but he may have had reason to guess it might be here .
va	O	He proved to be equally adept at asking the right questions , and he took to the detective work with ease .
va	O	Evan waited by the garage door , and he warned us to be quiet .
va	I	She noticed that the gleam of humor was missing from his eyes , and he glanced up .
va	O	Success comes if your names are spoken and the bell is formed .
va	I	Exploited her many hidden charms and what a formidable woman she would become when she accepted .
va	I	She spun away and Karen felt his fingers loosen .
va	I	She wasn 't wearing a dress , but it was a young woman instead .
va	I	I returned to the shelves and he returned to his papers .
va	I	Kenny was able to see a gun pointed at him and suddenly she put the light behind her back .
va	I	He remembered he no longer held the Medallion of Unwind , and an attack from the Arch Mage was logical .
va	I	I could fry any one of my new friends , and one wrong move .
va	O	She had a bit of money of her own and she had to spend it on her two girls .
va	I	There was nothing Beau could do about it and the man would be dead in a moment .
va	O	She stared at his outstretched hand as if it were a poisonous millipede and he staggered back , nearly tripping on the cart 's metal wheel .
va	I	He did not get off with her , but Hart assisted her across to the bank .
va	I	He felt every protective instinct in him come roaring to the surface and she looked childlike .
va	I	The lines around his eyes deepened , as did the furrow between his brows , and his gaze crawled over my face .
va	I	Like a warm blanket , I was comforted by the memories ; but I missed my mom terribly , gone so young .
va	I	I could feel him trembling , but he gripped my shoulder with his hand , as though trying to reassure me .
va	I	Alvin never did either , and I don 't think my CO ever forgave me .
va	I	Asta flew back , hitting the wal hard and she flicked the fingers of her left hand .
va	I	He doubted the military would accept him into their ranks , even if he would never actually see battle , but that seemed very exciting .
va	O	His hands moved lower down the sides of his h * ps and he pulled more ties so his hides loosened at his waist .
va	I	Lucas would have insisted they marry and she would have still been pregnant .
va	O	I tried to work on other things , but my stomach was starting to growl .
va	I	He knew it , and his authority only stretched so far in her eyes , which wasn 't much .
va	I	I wanted to sigh in relief , and cool water soaked into my tongue .
va	O	She was reminded of how Hawk had spent his time while he was apparently forgetting her , and an element of doubt intruded again .
va	I	They hugged until Mary regained her composure and Dave 's wrapped his arms around her .
va	O	Diego wanted to stroke her hair , to tell her that he 'd take care of her and she 'd be all right .
va	O	Parked beside her sensible sedan was a hot red Camaro , and leaning against it was an even hotter looking Justin Jacobs .
va	O	She had kept them with her always , but the time came when she needed to expand her hold of the Empire .
va	I	I looked away and he called to someone .
va	I	It was hard to be enthusiastic about anything , but I tried to be happy about seeing Dad .
va	O	I have to say it to make it happen , but I know there 's more I haven 't tried .
va	I	Provided the kind of support every writer deserves to have , and you have all taught me more than you can ever know .
va	O	Since there was no other family , the estate was totaled and Richard got himself a very large estate .
va	O	I stare at him in disbelief , for my own hearing is as sharp as anyone 's and I have not heard a peep .
va	O	I will do as I please , but you will pay for this bungling .
va	I	He was complimenting her on some work she had done , and Shane Miller was there .
va	I	There were a few cars on the road , but not many people were out at this hour .
va	O	His words might have been against it , but his eyes weren 't .
va	O	There was a swish of clothing and a body dropped into the chair .
va	O	I gave his arm a yank upward , and he screamed .
va	I	I certainly couldn 't call Peyton , and I didn 't have friends that I trusted with this kind of information .
va	I	That will have to remain my little secret , but oh , she won 't be staying behind .
va	O	I know that doesn 't pass the sniff test with you but it does with me .
va	I	He is abusive , as if he cannot separate right from wrong , yet he protects her .
va	O	He took her inside and she got rapid impressions of the interior as he swept her to the quarters he 'd designated for her .
va	I	Sadness tugged down her mouth , but Nike 's face was kind .
va	O	Her mother had died of fever , not in childbirth , but she knew how Canute felt too well .
va	O	The rehearsal was about to start and he hadn 't shown up yet .
va	I	The cheers exploded with new vigour and her voice resounded through the Capitol .
va	O	The Bluetooth chimed in my ear and I answered it with a tap .
va	I	Even she couldn 't tell him how he got there , but Navi had stumbled upon him lying unconscious in the forest .
va	O	That 's just the way it is and I fail to see what makes people so agitated upon learning of this potty parley .
va	O	Dominic moved swiftly , trying to cover the distance to catch her if needed , but all of his senses were focused on the cat .
va	O	It wasn 't the same kind of desperate kiss as before , but it rocked my world just the same .
va	O	I hammered on him with my fists for a while , and right at first he gave as good as he got .
va	I	Anyone else , or I 'm not interested in getting to know you .
va	O	Anthony flips the channel to a soccer match and we watch for a few minutes .
va	I	They knew each other from going to the same Walnut Hills school , and the girls had all completed sixth grade .
va	O	Currently he wore no cravat , his shirt was opened , revealing dirty skin , and he smelled terrible .
va	O	We 're rich now and you 're talking about paying me for a bottle of wine ?
va	O	He felt Min stiffen , and he felt her displeasure .
va	I	We made our way to the stairs and he grinned at me over his shoulder .
va	I	He 's got that smirk on his face and Ben 's with them .
va	I	It doesn 't ring a bell but I say again .
va	O	80s metal music blared from the low budget sound system , and I scanned the room looking for her face .
va	I	He could feel her hair against his ear , and she rested her head on the top of his shoulder .
va	I	They are strong but they are slow .
va	I	It didn 't appear to have any weak spots but they flew around the bridal clawing at different spots .
va	I	My stomach was empty except for a glass of water , and my hair was pulled back in a tight French braid .
va	O	Pierce knew what that meant and his chest tightened in sympathy .
va	O	The nun saw me though and it was bye bye school .
va	O	That 's the first time I 've ever said those words out loud , and now I hear how strange they are .
va	O	Now she had fallen in with the Shadowhunters , and who was to say they would treat her any better ?
va	O	I tried to scoot over , but there wasn 't much room .
va	O	My legs were wrapped around his hips , and everything moved at a fevered pitch .
va	O	The most recent fold occurred on December 21 , 2012 and they have been traveling to Earth since then .
va	I	Robinson struck again and the attacker stumbled .
va	I	They needed to be said , but I didn 't want to say them .
va	O	The wall to her left had a decorative door and further down , a pedestal sink sat in front of a large oval mirror .
va	I	She takes a few steps forward , and the belts holding her against the wall open .
va	O	Apparently some sort of suspension of time had been in effect , and it was time to release their town from the Manor 's control .
va	O	Nobody can match Lena , but we try our best .
va	O	I played with fire and I 've been burned .
va	I	Nothing happened , but a slight rumble of thunder followed .
va	O	They all tell me that they understand , but there 's no way that they can .
va	O	She was already smarting from the doctor 's accusation , and George 's comment did nothing to improve her spirits .
va	O	Everything went back to a type of normal but my heart was shriveled .
va	O	It was Friday and Ahmed had been preparing for a visit to Manchester .
va	I	Hale just shook his head , but she wanted the words to work , to soothe .
va	I	Kim will find somebody else soon enough , but Eve will be fascinated for a while .
va	I	She knew it wasn 't from the wine , and her head ached .
va	I	I was already well ahead of him , but Father threw a quick thought at me .
va	I	He wasn 't shy about trumpeting his abilities , and he could hack into anything , anytime , no matter how secure it was .
va	O	Things change and they will change more .
va	O	There were a few others we found that also ran , but they were in such bad shape that we left them .
va	O	It wasn 't quite like picking one of three exit ramps off a highway , but it did have a little of that feel .
va	O	The noise had awakened Tom 's own bladder and he forced himself to his feet .
va	I	I just get him and he just gets me .
va	O	The door opened and Jace peeked in .
va	O	Her father had to understand that , and yet he wasn 't turning back .
va	O	Yeah , her mom was nuts but Sara still loved her .
va	O	He appeared rather tall , and he was positioned as if he had been dumped roughly onto the floor .
va	O	He was apologetic , but that hadn 't stopped him from cutting an innocent girl .
va	I	It was killing me , and now I just had to wait .
va	O	She wanted to ask him how much he cared , but doing so would set her up for inevitable disappointment .
va	I	I abruptly had my hands full , and a Hag bore down on me , screaming like a mountain lion caught in a wood chipper .
va	I	Lennox lifts her up , but I grab for Lark .
va	O	He soon agreed and we parted ways .
va	O	A growl of frustration parted his mouth , but his hands stilled .
va	I	I had no gun and if there was going to be trouble , it would be here .
va	O	Em 's elbow bumps into my ribs and I choke .
va	O	Wood lattice was nailed to the sides of the arches and plastic flowers had been woven through the grids .
va	I	She couldn 't resist , but stupid thing to do .
va	I	I went too far , and you were so defiant .
va	O	His laid back attitude irritates me but I try not to show it .
va	I	Some bowed down to the ground , and many of them were damaged .
va	O	He took the driver 's seat without asking , and then pulled me next to his side to keep his arm tight around me .
va	O	The Destroyer earned her name for a reason , and it wasn 't by posing .
va	I	I could accept that and I was a witch .
va	O	The healers have not been able to identify the poison as of yet , and without an antidote , he will surely die .
va	O	Dylan pinned him down and I snapped his neck .
va	I	He hadn 't even given her tenderness and her virginity had stained his sheets .
va	O	He was hungry again , and the search took his mind off the other two .
va	O	She turned back to whatever she was doing and I strolled to the coffeepot .
va	O	Their faces were masked with wild war paint , and each one of them held a long pike in hand .
va	I	I don 't wear it at all and I have since put it away safely .
va	I	I couldn 't , but more than anything , my head wanted to whip around in his direction .
va	I	They went down to the kitchen , but they had deliveries , as usual .
va	I	In the meantime , it wouldn 't be hard to check out both shops , but I didn 't know if I could expect an answer .
va	O	Jenn had mentioned that she would give Devon an official schedule the following week , and Devon suspected she would remain on the night shift .
va	I	The Inquisitor on the left dropped his weapon , shrieking , as the round punched through the back of his hand , and his assault rifle barked .
va	O	Read chapter twenty-one in your text , and you shouldn 't have a problem .
va	O	She 'd simply taken it instead , and he 'd loved that she had .
va	O	It had actually caught my attention earlier , but I hadn 't given it much thought .
va	I	She had killed something by draining its blood , its ' very essence into her , but Well maybe not a person .
va	I	In a way it was a relief to know he wasn 't crazy , and it all made sense now .
va	O	He slurps the bottom of his soup to annoy me , and then smacks his lips to make sure he 's succeeded .
va	O	Nothing hung from the exterior walls and there was nothing to be seen in the windows .
va	O	Now that had been better sex , but afterward she 'd still felt almost hollow inside .
va	I	I couldn 't forget about the package , but I had a hostage to torture in a couple of hours .
va	O	Anyway , Mat didn 't head for the nice inn , nor the one Thorn had chosen .
va	I	She 'd rather not risk that and someone might overhear their conversation .
va	I	My full stomach protested , and Guilt tore through me .
va	I	I think he sighs , but it 's hard to tell because he 's short of breath .
va	I	She paused , and as she reached for it , it dawned on her that she recognized the handwriting .
va	I	For now , she enjoyed the smooth wood of the showy banister beneath her palms , but Jane would have to wear them for the ball .
va	I	I 'm flying into Palm Beach later this morning , but joey , I 'm sorry for the short notice .
va	O	Tristan is still in his room when I get the dishwasher loaded and I can hear him talking through the door .
va	O	Bryony looked behind her , but Edwin wasn 't there .
va	I	She didn 't stop me , but the head librarian stared as I walked past her desk , her hawk eyes glinting behind her glasses .
va	I	Suddenly I was under my covers with my head on my pillow , and I heard a snap of his fingers .
va	O	Nacho slowed to a trot , and Gretchen forced herself to be patient .
va	O	The hot shower felt wonderful to my cold body , and my temper took care of warming up my insides .
va	I	I closed my eyes for moment , remembering exactly how he felt and his breath fanned my face .
va	I	Her vision filled with scenes from Paul 's life , and Andra shut her eyes tight against the pressure .
va	I	Wet hair gathered in a clip atop her crown and he didn 't miss her bare legs .
va	I	She stopped caring who heard her and he repeated the move .
va	O	His hands go to my thighs and I giggle , his touch tickling me .
va	O	I was adamant about not giving him a second chance , but now I 'll seek him out to talk this through .
va	O	Her head was bent , and she was speaking softly , as if she was talking to the carpet of wildflowers that surrounded her .
va	O	People could be unbelievably cruel , and in spite of what he thought , she wasn 't naive .
va	I	Speaking once in a while constituted a big part of that and there were other things one might want in a love interest .
va	I	Though I 'd always remained mostly in control , this loss of restraint could get someone hurt and it would only make me volatile .
va	I	They are in makeshift pits below ground but I thought they left a day ago .
va	I	Races back up the stairs and she nods .
va	I	Some of the children had pulled her into their hut , but he wandered further into the village in search of Amelia .
va	O	The women exchanged brief kisses on their cheeks , and Amanda turned back to him .
va	O	I don 't want to look back , but I can 't help it .
va	O	He searched his pocket , half afraid the parchment had been lost in the chase , but it was still there .
va	I	He welcomed the weight of it , but the jacket was heavy .
va	I	She melted like warm chocolate , and all he had to do was touch her .
va	I	I 'm also the girl who abandoned her ... but I 'm this little girl , eternally scared to death .
va	I	When he looked at her with pleading eyes nothing could keep her tears at bay , but Shannon thought she was done crying .
va	O	Paul took the paper , and something in him shriveled .
va	I	The words wouldn 't come , but he wanted to tell her that he 'd missed her too .
va	O	Her bottom lip trembles and she can 't speak .
va	I	I knew nothing until you approached me and you already had access to the prototype .
va	O	Her heart was racing and it hurt .
va	I	The two of them got the hell out of there and his smart little puppy raced over into his open arms .
va	O	I hadn 't heard the phone alert me to any text messages , but it was loud .
va	O	I really should stop doing this , or else she 'll change her number .
va	I	We both intended to win , and it was less a kiss than a battle .
va	I	She didn 't smile back , but I whispered .
va	I	I wouldn 't count on it , but perhaps she will let me have an adventure someday .
va	O	He tried to lower her to the bed , but she twisted in his arms , made him change direction , take her on top .
va	I	Something was very wrong indeed , but they were in the same spots they had fallen asleep in .
va	I	Her eyes never left Tristan , but Zoey pressed her wounded arm as she attempted to stop the bleeding .
va	O	Callie had promised herself she wouldn 't feel defensive , but Brooke 's look made her squirm .
va	I	The sudden disappearance of Courtney Sinclair had to be addressed , but it wasn 't Wednesday .
va	I	I wasn 't quite sure I liked the sensation yet , and it felt as if he 'd invaded me .
va	O	Marches boomed impressively from the loudspeakers , and the honor guard briskly went through its drill .
va	O	I ran straight toward him and he grinned broadly in anticipation .
va	O	Dr. Rossum must be the head of the art department and he must have rejected her hard .
va	I	I was so busy trying not to think that I didn 't think and I passed through Barstow with its stretch of gas stations .
va	I	He chewed in the darkness , and I slid the fork away .
va	O	I feel something wet splash on my face and I know they are his tears .
va	I	Fluffy ate the rest of the beans and I placed the plate on the floor .
va	O	He closes his eyes , but I know it 's in concentration .
va	I	She couldn 't let him take his anger out on David , but she had no idea how he 'd react to her doing it .
va	I	He laughed ruefully and they exchanged a glance .
va	I	The sensible voice was drowned out but she told herself they needed to talk first .
va	O	My vision blurred briefly and when it cleared , I was looking deep into his eyes .
va	O	He stands behind me as I face the desk and I can feel his warm breath on my shoulder .
va	O	At last they reached the edge of the waterfall , and the ledge widened underfoot .
va	O	I reluctantly placed my coffee , of which I still hadn 't had a sip , on the counter , and then I raised my hands .
va	O	Beside me , Zayne stretched , craning his neck , and I knew the second I heard his swift curse under his breath .
va	O	Each tiny wound bled like a fountain , and I fought my body , fought my own magic to keep it from destroying me .
va	I	Most of Courtney 's friends glared at Lucas , like he 'd done something wrong by standing up for that girl , but a few people laughed .
va	O	I 'd caught him checking me out earlier , and he obviously wanted to spend time with me .
va	O	They had taken Alex away by this point but they weren 't taking chances .
va	I	She stared at him and her head came up .
va	O	It wasn 't perfect , but Jill had little choice .
va	I	She managed to smother it just in time , but a giggle threatened .
va	I	Her son was in the army and she was a single mother .
va	I	That doesn 't matter , because Aunt Lulu would never wear it , but I can 't knit well .
va	I	I had the advantage of surprise , but we rolled several feet .
va	O	Fred 's smile was contagious , and I found myself smiling just as broadly as he was .
va	I	Its tower still stood , but Amy saw that Mrs Owen 's old house had now been demolished as well as most of the church .
va	I	He heard her when we pulled up next to the fence closest to his tank and the only animal remaining was Maria 's mate .
va	I	I 'd be alone again and Nick would go to jail for a long time .
va	I	They both laughed , and he said .
va	O	She was talking to his brother , and she was beautiful .
va	I	Just as it felt like my skin was starting to peel away , I dove into the ocean , and I ran for several minutes .
va	O	German 's Tire Plant had closed at least thirty years ago , and the gigantic , multi-story facility was basically one big gold mine of creepy .
va	I	There was a sterile feel about it that made me uneasy , and it was just as bright as the room before .
va	I	This alone tended to put Alvarado on his guard and the gringo behind the counter was a big man .
va	O	Through his talent , Corinne 's blood had given him brutal glimpses of her memories , but it was a deeper connection that spoke to him now .
va	I	I also didn 't want to overstay my welcome , but I didn 't want to go .
va	O	I felt a hand grab my arm and I looked up , seeing Harry 's grim face .
va	I	I can see cars littering the side of the highway and my eyes have become more accustomed to the darkness now .
va	O	Anger ebbed out the worry , and I pounded on her door .
va	O	Her eyelids fluttered closed and she let out a deep , contented sigh .
va	I	She rose to meet him , and she felt the familiar pleasure enter her with each of his thrusts .
va	I	He walked out , but they felt she should reconcile with my dad .
va	O	She pushed again , and this time he yielded , withdrawing his penis from her as abruptly as he 'd placed it there .
va	O	That Pike had saved his life was enough cause for gratitude but he remembered well all the more Adam had done than was required by any badge .
va	O	Liz hadn 't been enthusiastic , but he had insisted on driving to see the tree .
va	I	Then they 're devastated when it 's over , but they go forward thinking that it 'll be fun , which it is .
va	I	With another bright flash , Vane turned human , and he took Vane 's head into his hands .
va	I	We 'll be dressed differently too , and we 'll look very different .
va	O	There had been a recent battle , and the alpha emissions often reveal traces of vapor veins in nebulae of that type .
va	O	She blew a strawberry , and her bangs blew upward .
va	O	His legs shook and he stumbled once .
va	I	Driving to Ellsworth right now wouldn 't do her any good , but she 'd never wanted to do anything less in her life .
va	I	Jack followed and she got up to go to him .
va	I	I didn 't want him to stop and it was like he was making sure I was still there .
va	O	I tighten my arms a bit and he lets out a little choke .
va	I	He smiled at me and Jack 's face relaxed .
va	O	The music started up , and the next dance begun .
va	I	She barely needs to be asked , and it is a wild , cool morning .
va	I	He held me tight , but Instinct made me thrash to get away from the searing ache .
va	O	Our needs are provided for , and the ship 's external engines can be redirected to internal maintenance .
va	O	You try to atone , but you do not mourn .
va	I	His eyes fell and he made a gesture with his hand .
va	O	Garbage was placed into it , and the bottom would open up , casting the refuse into the huge , wide open landfill of down below .
va	O	Her hands were over his chest , and they were soaked in blood .
va	I	She couldn 't do it , but she knew she should continue to praise her stepfather .
va	O	We all looked at the next section of the transcript , and Tom continued .
va	O	They 've tried to kill each other before , and they almost succeeded .
va	O	His frustration became jagged shark teeth , multiplying row after row , and when his mouth couldn 't fit them anymore , it stretched .
va	O	I expected Chess to back down but his indignation was a pleasant surprise .
va	O	I said nothing , but my mind was racing .
va	O	Whatever happened to the just say my name and I 'll be there bullshit ?
va	I	Guys thought they could treat us however they wanted , and girls were a commodity in a lot of ways .
va	I	I lost the feeling in my left arm , and my senses exploded with a flash of light .
va	I	Something just wasn 't right here , and I 'd stayed alive this long by being paranoid .
va	O	The spear hit my blade , and I 'm enduring the pain , except for the bruises appearing on my skin .
va	O	She may have been taken off guard , but she wasn 't scared .
va	O	I didn 't get it , but I found plenty of things to buy .
va	O	I know that sounds perverse , but it 's true .
va	O	Della 's anger sounded in her voice , but it was hurt that colored her eyes .
va	O	The large arms released and I turned to see Christian Archer .
va	O	A doorway on the left wall , near the Steinway , opened into a library , and I crossed the threshold into the room of books .
va	I	I guess it would be fine in a few more minutes now but my breathing is still a little irregular .
va	O	She begged him for some time alone with me , but he claimed he wanted to spend time with me too .
va	O	The temperature had risen , and the air was heavy with humidity .
va	I	Her natural toes moved in almost exactly the same way as the artificial ones and Cathy did so .
va	O	A second shot soon sounded and Pierce heard a whistling pass his ear .
va	I	That 's not good enough for us , but we heard you on your audition video .
va	I	I wonder for a second if I 've spoken out aloud , and the voice makes me jump .
va	I	Shannon saw her face on the screen , and he checked his phone .
va	O	He wiped the smile off his face , and focused with the same concentration he 'd used in shooting eagles .
va	O	Her heart starts to beat rapidly and she gasps for breath .
va	O	This battle was over , but the day was not .
va	I	His sharp green eyes constantly searched for the unexpected and blond hair poked out from under his military beret .
va	O	The morning of a long journey was always the same for Julia , but this would not be a normal trip .
va	I	I 'm certain the ramifications are uncomfortable , and I am aware of your history .
va	I	I didn 't care , but I mumbled to myself .
va	O	True I couldn 't blush , but I was so embarrassed I looked down at the ground .
va	I	She brushes away loose , grey strands as she blows out a calming breath , but her hair is pulled back .
va	O	The spark of confidence was gone , but grim determination remained .
va	O	Cole 's lips press hard against mine and he pulls away grinning .
va	O	The world tilted a little , and he gingerly felt around to see where the damage was .
va	O	Governor Grieg was leading a revolution from above , and a lot of people didn 't like it .
va	I	I try to listen and I close my eyes .
va	O	I look up and he 's smiling .
va	I	I was incredibly thirsty and my throat was dry .
va	I	She grinned and the idea came to her quickly .
va	I	He could be so clueless , but she loved him .
va	O	Her frantic movements attracted the attention of the man in the passenger seat up front , and he turned around .
va	I	Now things are different , but when we started dating all I wanted was to be with a rich man .
va	I	Door swings open , and one swift jerk .
va	O	Thomas was the first person who had touched the calculator that past boyfriends had claimed was her heart ... and he could quite easily smash it .
va	O	Sometimes I do get a guilty feeling in the pit of my stomach , thinking Jayden will appear out of nowhere , but he doesn 't .
va	O	It tore out her heart to remember , and she had enough heartbreak now to deal with .
va	I	She could almost feel the anger coming off him , but his face expressing nothing .
va	I	His wings flapped in great powerful sweeps and he straightened .
va	O	She took my breath away , and I scurried in her shadow as she moved wordlessly outside .
va	I	His voice is tight and his shoulders are rigid .
va	O	The water was less than six feet deep , but it was still over my head .
va	O	Maybe you 're different from other males , but that doesn 't mean you lack value .
va	O	Sarah blushed deeply , but she nodded reassuringly .
va	I	Three years ago he was elected chief of police and he was elected mayor about seven years ago .
va	O	All giants were strong , but this - this was an impressive display of sheer , raw power .
va	O	We 're both panting for air and I can feel him inside of me , still needing me .
va	O	There were only two people in my life right now who could have done something like this arson , and I had just eliminated one .
va	O	He told her that he wasn 't happy about being put in that position and I guess that was it .
va	I	The lights have been left on , probably by someone hastily evacuating , but there are no windows upstairs .
va	O	A rumbling sound thunders from deep in the woods , and I freeze .
va	I	They didn 't seem right , but she looked at the numbers .
va	I	The first stars were coming out and the sun had set .
va	I	Then Gale reaches into his breast pocket , and the two exchange a long look .
va	O	she scanned the crowd , but no one spoke up .
va	O	Mazie snorted when he reached her , and Josh froze .
va	I	We 're pretty sure who did it , but we 're still not sure how .
va	O	She had plaited its blonde hair beautifully and it still looked as good as new .
va	O	I approached slowly , and she vomited again .
va	O	Its white walls , accented with intricate tile work , could easily have been the result of a renovation , but they were original to the home .
va	O	I have known nothing , but the fun stuff .
va	O	Your blood is in me , and it makes me need you .
va	O	The phone rang and Nora snatched it .
va	O	Jace shrugged the jacket on then took a backpack from one of the saddlebags and slung it over his shoulder .
va	O	He peered inside at the driver but the person behind the wheel remained facing forward with a look of discomfort .
va	I	Connor stood inside , hair a mess , pajama bottoms resting just below his hips , chest bare and the door slid open half a foot .
va	O	I finally felt well enough to drink it again ... and I had really missed it .
va	O	At first she 'd tried to carry the conversation , but after a week of minimal responses , she 'd given up .
va	O	Her eyes stared at the blank wall , and she did her best not to think .
va	I	She wouldn 't enjoy the evening or Victoria had warned him to tell her where he was taking her so that Anna could dress appropriately .
va	I	He hadn 't cracked a smile , but Cyrus 's stories were outlandish .
va	I	Their caravan came to a halt close to Thor 's home , and they came into town like a sudden army .
va	O	Maybe they split up in order to obtain different points of view for the records and they knew each other were on the plane .
va	O	A cave curved out of the dark , and Steve recognized the abbot in the twilight .
va	I	Burnett insisted they get them medical help first , but Della wanted to talk to Natasha right away .
va	O	Her body trembled and again her eyes sought his .
va	I	He cracked one eye open to see the most beautiful sight in the world and his door burst open .
va	O	His jaw ticked but his expression did not change for the next question .
va	O	I had wanted him to make me an earl , at least , but he wouldn 't .
va	O	I feel like the temperature drops twenty degrees when he enters , and a chill runs down my spine .
va	O	He 'd start as soon as the police gave him the go-ahead , he said , and to my astonishment he gave me a little hug .
va	O	A bolt of heat tore through him , and he reached for her , craving closeness , needing her beautiful body pressed against his .
va	I	I felt his cool breath on my neck and still firmly grasping my hair , he leaned his head down .
va	O	Light seeped into my surroundings and it grabbed my attention .
va	O	You 're a smart girl , and you know what you want .
va	O	We would be departing first thing in the morning , and because of a two-hour layover in England , the flight home would take nearly fifteen hours .
va	I	Vikram had no reason to disbelieve her , and this was not uncommon .
va	I	The overall atmosphere was dramatically improved and the stories that evening were told with far greater vigor .
va	O	Kylie wasn 't proud of it , but she admitted the truth .
va	O	Bri glanced at Eyes for support , but he merely looked down at his feet .
va	I	It had done Jane 's father little good , but I could have demanded to search the house .
va	O	That , too , was kind , and I said so .
va	I	A voice hissed and four people walked by .
va	I	Gustav looked at Amy and Jeff started to cough .
va	O	Horatio 's eyes narrowed , hot with anger , but he gave her the smallest of bows in acknowledgment .
va	O	The race thing was a problem , but he really did care about her .
va	O	I 've lived in the north end my whole life and I can 't even guess where I am .
va	I	I scowled , and he asked .
va	I	The girl at his side started kissing his neck , and his gaze flicked away , like he was dismissing me .
va	I	I 've finally taken them off again , and I put on thirty pounds those last years Avery was ill .
va	I	They all say the same thing and now all the tests have been taken .
va	O	As far as they know , you may be on Earth or you may be on another world .
va	I	She didn 't respond , but I squeezed her hand .
va	O	It 's our job to stop them , but we can 't sometimes .
va	I	Her lips shakes and Nora 's eyes fill .
va	I	S 'm ores and I saw all the makings for hot dogs .
va	I	Regardless , his countenance gave her pause , made her more than a bit apprehensive , but she knew that it wasn 't directed at her .
va	I	It was enough to make Andra clamp her lips shut over a groan of pleasure , but he 'd just grazed the skin of her arm .
va	O	I don 't feel the wind anymore , but I don 't care as our mouths move against each other .
va	O	Devon tried to calm himself but the fiery rage was building inside him , shaking him to the very core of his being .
va	I	I let them , and his lips crushed into mine .
va	O	Vincent slightly lowered his head , and his breath tickled her face .
va	I	The shadows obscured his view , but he searched her face looking for signs of the conniving woman he knew her to be .
va	O	So he tried crawling instead , but all he could manage was a feeble slither .
va	I	My heart was pounding so loudly I could barely hear myself breathe , and my hands were sweating .
va	O	It couldn 't have turned out more perfectly , but the point is that you didn 't know how it would turn out .
va	O	I felt like he kept me at a distance , and I was afraid to stick my neck out too far .
va	O	She giggled , hooking onto my pinky , and then followed it with a ferocious hug .
va	I	Buck enjoyed the stability Lady Dandy had in flight compared to the smaller aircraft he owned , and it was a clear day .
va	I	Her face showed only irritation but Katherine 's hand offered assistance .
va	O	Their fight had taken place hours before the family was murdered , but Alex possessed no alibi after the fight , during the time of the murder .
va	O	She sat up on her knees and taking Dante by surprise pressed her lips against his .
va	O	Eddy 's father ran the sawmill , and his son had not left town .
va	I	He dropped it onto the ground , and his hand was shaking .
va	O	Our houses were smashed by bombs in an air raid , and we were forced to flee .
va	O	Alex was glad she had left her bed messed up , and her e-reader obvious on her nightstand .
va	I	She shrugged off his hand , but he grabbed her arm as she stalked by him , whirling her to face him .
va	I	Cade didn 't , and Elaina couldn 't move .
va	O	She tried to cry out , to crawl blindly toward the phone , but she could only writhe on the floor helplessly .
va	I	It felt good to start with the usual routine , but I had no idea how I would spend the day .
va	O	She knew from experience that that wouldn 't stop them for long , but at least it would slow them down .
va	I	They were not bothering us , but they were still swimming circles .
va	I	The numbness of what happened began to wear off and I hadn 't even thought of the vision until much later , when I was home .
va	O	Her body arched into him and she kicked her head back .
va	O	The house lights brightened and the place exploded with acclamation .
va	O	He got the doors open just as they made it to the entrance , and the three of them hurried inside .
va	I	Their fear of her was too great , but I 'd tried before to talk them out of it .
va	O	David listened quietly , without interrupting , and Harriet was relieved to have told him .
va	I	You haven 't given a reason , and I haven 't been paid to .
va	O	Jason knelt again , and the body dismounted .
va	I	The tremor runs the full length of my spine , but they stroke only the smallest square of my back .
va	I	Then it was like something yanked him away , and he was right next to me , just making a joke .
va	I	Her brother 's certainly didn 't , but Ada 's voice might have sounded like a fairy .
va	O	I 'm desperate now and I don 't care .
va	O	It was not a bad neighborhood , but it was not a good one either .
va	O	She was becoming more agile too , and when Eli took off her stocking to free her wings , they didn 't drag on the ground anymore .
va	I	He wasn 't moving , but James was in there .
va	I	Dreamer didn 't let him go , but the baby struggled in her arms .
va	I	She could point you to a thousand books , and ask Pari to tell you how to live .
va	O	One of its legs had been ripped off and I think it was by my own doing .
va	I	He got swept away by romance , and he was in a jewelry store , shopping for a present for his girlfriend .
va	O	It 's late and you shouldn 't have to cook , especially considering you already cleaned the kitchen once tonight .
va	O	It wasn 't something Vaughn could put on his arrest report , yet without it he wouldn 't be half the Omicron agent he was .
va	O	After ten minutes the door was unlocked and another dwarf stepped inside .
va	I	Pain briefly flooded her eyes , and her tone had grown more hushed .
va	I	All I snatched was empty air , but I groped behind me where I thought the bookshelf should be .
va	O	Nash was in a better place , but he wasn 't there yet .
va	I	It was not difficult to identify the teacher there to meet him and he was the sole arrival .
va	I	Once again he was fighting , and the copies came to Altair .
va	O	By the time evening fell , we were both dressed , and if I do say so myself , looking pretty hot .
va	O	The complex is in a nice part of town , near the University of Richmond , and the neighborhood is generally safe .
va	I	Imogen 's dark stare passed over to me and a rare flicker of surprise gave Viggo away .
va	I	They could be pretty scary when he wanted them to be , and Daddy 's eyes were really pale .
va	I	I 'd come to the same conclusion as Riley , but I 'd pried a few details out of her .
va	I	He had to keep going , but fiery agony lanced through his leg with every other step .
va	O	I couldn 't see the door but I didn 't think it would hold up under the assault being waged against it on the other side .
va	I	He also refused to call her his girlfriend , but he didn 't introduce her as his fiancee .
va	O	I felt Maggie 's hand on my shoulder , but I pulled away , making my way as fast as I could to the carousel .
va	I	He began to thrust inside me in earnest , and I raked my fingernails from where they had dug into his back down his sides .
va	O	Boy 412 waited to see what the Hunter was about to do , but the man did nothing at all .
va	O	His eyes are open and I can tell immediately that he 's dead .
va	O	She kicked him in return , and he blinked at the pain .
va	I	There wasn 't a wind and it really wasn 't too bitter .
va	I	I 'm guessing a hospital Doc , but I 'm not Einstein .
va	O	She stiffened at the first contact , and before she could pull away , he grasped the nape of her neck gently .
va	O	She let him take it , and for a precious brief moment , they walked as lovers under the twinkling stars at the end of the world .
va	I	He didn 't know why he had , and he wished the deputy hadn 't taken it away from him .
va	I	My eyes flew to Conrad , and I gasped , dreadfully alarmed .
va	I	Sparing her wouldn 't hurt him , and Jessica didn 't know the shit her pack had caused .
va	I	She had to keep pulling her jeans up and her clothes hung on her .
va	O	My father was a mining foreman and my brothers still work managing mines .
va	I	She did not attempt to pull away , but he was standing close , too close .
va	I	It 's too soon , but I want to ask .
va	O	The cruise ship was luxurious , but it was where she worked .
va	O	His shoulder was throbbing and his head was pounding .
va	I	They all roared with drunken laughter and he looked back at his buddies .
va	O	The past couple of days had her worried , but the butterflies in her stomach proved her true joy to hear from him .
va	I	It serves us as much as her , but the magic in the air means she 'll be dangerous .
va	I	He left a message , but she didn 't answer .
va	I	Some people got angry at the intrusive noise , and everyone flinched .
va	I	She didn 't care , but people stared at her .
va	I	Her eyes are lit with an emotion I can 't name , and Color blooms in her cheeks .
va	O	Archangels don 't hang around on Earth for extended periods of time , and they don 't take hostages .
va	O	One of them will make a mistake , and I want to be there in time to catch it .
va	I	Her hand was shaking too badly to manage another drink but her mother raised her juice .
va	O	That hadn 't been a problem before , but now I realized I might be getting attached .
va	O	She 'd be gone until winter break and I was sure she 'd end up in Vail with friends then .
va	I	I was sure even he had a limit , but I knew the vampire could take the pain .
va	O	The scenario was roughly the same , but Cole was with a different girl .
va	O	I picked up the folder but I didn 't open it .
va	O	I wanted to lay all the weight of the thing on him , but I knew I couldn 't do that .
va	I	The ladies smiled a smile at me too , and ' Yes it was , ' he smiled .
va	O	She hadn 't meant to say it aloud , but the die was cast .
va	O	I could hear the distant sound of my name but the dark abyss sucked me in with no remorse .
va	I	My dad 's garbled message didn 't make sense , but Bob , I knew , was Dana 's boyfriend .
va	I	I find his manner of speaking intriguing and there is disapproval on his face again .
va	O	You will obey your new masters in all things or you will suffer great pain .
va	O	Cammie let out a surprised cry , but to her credit she didn 't jerk away .
va	O	Take away their selfishness and you take away their sense of self-preservation .
va	I	My stomach tightened and Evangeline spied an unsightly wound on the girl 's forearm .
va	I	Still there was no one to be seen and they crept round the back of the building .
va	O	Her Birthday is rolling around the corner but she was not looking forward to it .
va	I	All I had to do was walk through the door , and this guy was ready to show me his treasure .
va	O	Nate was close enough to smell the oils that made her skin gleam , but he didn 't think she 'd noticed him .
va	I	Ty kept holding him there , but Conner was reluctant at first .
va	O	In this Henry was a credit to his teacher and the two of them worked out a routine that drove us crazy .
va	O	President Tyler points to a chair , and I oblige him .
va	O	We needed to search his house , and here we were .
va	O	Denver thrust the door further open , and I finally saw Nancy in full .
va	O	He was my center , and there was nothing I wouldn 't do , nothing I wouldn 't give up , to keep him safe .
va	O	It required everything she had to control her rage , but this was not the time to lose her temper .
va	I	I saw a glimpse of an emotion close to fear in her eyes and she shook her head .
va	I	She only had an off-the-shelf software firewall in place that left her TCP ports all open and she 's connected all of her systems into one network .
va	O	He instantly felt her body stiffen and he controlled himself with difficulty .
va	O	His normally calm , easygoing face was all scrunched up , and his flawlessly smooth skin looked blotchy .
va	O	He seemed unmoved by Linda 's touch , her panic , and her need .
va	I	She somehow wanted him to know that , and there were things she couldn 't say , things she shouldn 't even be feeling .
va	I	He laughs with me and I laugh at my own clumsiness .
va	I	The D.A. will try them and Chief Stacy will investigate , put together a case .
va	O	Kara was pretty sure that Helen wasn 't privy to that information , and she sure as hell wasn 't telling her .
va	I	There perished , and Sounds bounced around in hollow places until they found a dead end .
va	I	Hearing it out loud made it seem more likely , but this was nothing I hadn 't thought of myself .
va	I	It was a spotless home , and it was best if she never left the cleanliness of our house .
va	I	I knew very little about music , but I wasn 't shy .
va	I	I didn 't want anyone asking questions later , but I thought that plan might be overly cautious .
va	O	Insulation on wires had melted , and fuses had burned out altogether .
va	O	He had withdrawn only a short time ago , yet she felt uncomfortable , more than simply uneasy .
va	I	There were no remaining people except for me and all the captives had left .
va	O	Sylvia continued to spend , and Earl continued to travel .
va	I	She wasn 't entirely comfortable with it , but it was the truth .
va	I	He had been tired , but he didn 't remember her coming in .
va	I	His frown deepened when he realized it was cold , and he gripped the mug of coffee .
va	O	I could save my father 's life ... But his father was supposed to die .
va	O	I had just given him permission to look at me nak * d and he didn 't freaking do it .
va	I	It felt so much different when it was Sam giving her things , but she had given Kara that lecture .
va	O	He tries not to smile and it 's the sweetest look I 've ever seen on his face .
va	O	Had he managed to push him into the lava , the fight would be over , but the infamous pig proves far too observant .
va	I	We have to take a much broader view but I think we have an opportunity here .
va	O	I felt the whisper of her breath as she leaned closer , and I thought about how it might feel to kiss her .
va	O	It was most likely that she was looking for me too and it was only a matter of time before she caught me .
va	O	My arms feel a bit shaky on the climb and my splash falls short of where it normally does .
va	I	The dog was most likely conditioned to behave properly in front of guests , but that could be trouble .
va	I	That 's the only difference , but my reward is another dot of light on the paranormal grid instead of some kibble .
va	I	The cliffs are cut straight up to almost 200 feet , and the water is just as calm as it can be .
va	O	I don 't even know for sure what the weather 's like down there , and I 'm not talking about normal stuff , either .
va	O	He would have gone in a heartbeat , but Lily was at risk , not Ryland .
va	O	I had sat up at once , trying to make it stop , but when I sat up I felt my whole body was even heavier .
va	I	Anything was liable to set him off now , and he was beyond caring , obviously .
va	I	The earlier vision of kissing someone in a wedding dress shifts to our dancing , with my head resting upon his chest and my mind is drifting .
va	I	She looked away and her smile widened .
va	I	None of his exertions had any effect on the heavy slab of metal but he clawed at the radio board .
va	I	He gives me a shy smile and he says when he sees me looking at him .
va	I	We laced our fingers together , and he held out his hand .
va	I	Several ATVs pulled up , and there was a growl .
va	O	She hadn 't sounded particularly happy about it , but I was relieved that they had conceded .
va	O	I know he didn 't see me , but I saw him , leaning against his locker , smiling down at her .
va	I	Her stomach had turned , and he had put his sloppy lips on hers .
va	O	Her lips curled slowly and her eyes traveled the length of him .
va	I	I could tel by Annika 's expression that she was far from immune to Lucius 's considerable charm and his eyes never left hers .
va	O	Sarah faded away and Tony sank to his knees in the tall grass .
va	I	She knew everything about anyone who mattered and Alyx was a journalist .
va	O	I knew I was shot , but I am not sure where .
va	I	The intent in his eyes was crystal clear to her , and his eyes were almost black .
va	O	I walked up towards the door but one of the guards put his hand up .
va	O	The wind teased the girl 's scent across my face again , and my thoughts scattered .
va	O	What matters is you and Jake will finally be married .
va	O	I was totally flattered and she was really hot .
va	O	The doors jerked in an unusual manner , as if trying to regain their natural rhythm , and in so doing , slowly closed shut .
va	I	His aggravation must have showed , and it irritated him that she would try to make much more of the incident .
va	I	He didn 't look pleasant and his hair was longish .
va	I	I have a great ear and I 've studied music all my life .
va	O	Dad had gone to see him several times that I knew of , but he rarely came to L.A. .
va	O	Peter recognized Abel , and they spoke briefly .
va	I	Mira didn 't feel any better once she was alone with Kellan , but they cleared out quickly .
va	I	There was no getting rid of your emotions , but the prescription might take the edge off .
va	O	It wouldn 't give me any peace , yet I found myself unable to resist touching my fingers to the scars .
va	I	She knew it made no difference to the old lady but Golden was scolding her friend .
va	O	It was late afternoon , but she could check her email later .
va	I	On Earth , dogs did not talk , and he was a Doberman on this planet .
va	I	I wasn 't that stupid , but I wanted to .
va	O	It was ripping the air and I felt like I was being chocked .
va	I	They meant nothing to him , but more words of the same type followed .
va	I	He stared into the oak woods and he leaned back against the stones .
va	I	He refuses to release me , but I pinch his fingers hard .
va	I	It worried her , and he looked like a man on the run from something .
va	O	I was teasing , but Weston made a strange face .
va	O	They all had the money to have her watched constantly , and she 'd never be able to bear that .
va	I	When he did , Titus 's eyes narrowed even more dangerously and he placed a hand on her shoulder .
va	I	I want you to have the chance to tell it , and you have a story to tell .
va	I	Then a few yells sounded clear on the still air , before a dead silence fell , and there was a long , grumbling rumble of drums .
va	I	I shook my head and Ty winked at me .
va	O	He 'd thought he understood all the implications of their upcoming marriage , but this added a new twist .
va	I	It 's the only spot I see , but it 's not very big .
va	I	Looking for the right parts was still hard , but accidental soldering iron burns were in the past .
va	O	At this point I didn 't exactly know what Jacob was getting at , but I didn 't like what I did get .
va	O	It gave him pleasure to bring her happiness , and she didn 't want to deny him that .
va	O	Intuitively Carol knew she wouldn 't be able to escape Alex , and she 'd be a bigger fool than she already was even to try .
va	I	They had old models without much power , but shifters were allowed to have cell phones .
va	O	There is so much screaming in all directions , and Arthur 's body looks lifeless , lying on the concrete in a heap .
va	O	She didn 't remember them interacting and her father never spoke about it .
va	O	He raised a hand , and the mats flipped up on their own , starting to fold like accordions .
va	O	Nestled there between the back of his couch and his apartment 's rear wall was an innocuous looking small mocha .
va	O	She would only become frightened , and I sure as hell didn 't want her to know how it had come about .
va	O	I missed that Sara , and it was entirely my decision .
va	I	She knew what I was talking about and we were both 1980 's TV fanatics .
va	I	His general stared right at him , a grim look on his face , but they lowered their heads in deference .
va	I	Not imposing , but he touched my hand gently .
va	O	my mouth dropped open and I stood up instinctively .
va	I	Pat wondered what was going on and his father stumbled over the words .
va	I	She ran with it and a thought dawned on her .
va	I	I sat next to him , and David took one of the chairs near the desk .
va	O	The sun came up and things began to warm .
va	O	We had to prioritize , and one of the first things we did was to tear all the old shingles from the roof .
va	I	She could contact them if needed , and she watched over me .
va	I	It was clear Ethan didn 't like the idea of our splitting up , and Papa Breck scoffed at the notion he needed protecting .
va	I	I have never seen anything like this , but I am sure her intentions are good .
va	O	His cheeks reddened , and his jaw tightened .
va	I	I felt inexplicably annoyed that Diggs was singing the same tune , but it was fine for me to say it .
va	O	He hobbles up the path , struggling to use them for the first time , and I follow behind , gazing up at my new home .
va	O	Her hand goes to her mouth , and she has to doubt her king .
va	O	Maybe they think this makes it more real , but for me , it was real from the moment Vel told me this would happen .
va	I	Samantha knew Jordan looked forward to them , but she 'd only missed one scheduled visit .
va	I	A small smile curved over his lips , and Quinn 's gaze moved over my face .
va	O	He wanted to be mistaken , but he would know those eyes , that nose , the shape of her lips as well as his own .
va	O	He 'd taken everything from her , and yet she was more dependent on him now than ever before .
va	O	Adelaide owed him for what he 'd done tonight , but she didn 't have a positive impression of him from high school .
va	I	Glen waited to comprehend something , an outsider momentarily stranded on the sidelines and they were embroiled in discussion .
va	I	A part of it stuck straight up , and he ran his hand through his hair .
va	O	He didn 't expect Bayfield to respond to him , but maybe one of the Marines might have an idea .
va	O	I kept attempting to tell him that it wasn 't necessary , but he was being stubborn about it .
va	O	It backed into the shallows of the lake and he could see the muscles tightened under its sleek pelt , ready for sudden movement .
va	O	I could describe what I felt a thousand ways with a thousand languages , and none of them would satisfy me .
va	O	I was pregnant with their children , but I didn 't really know their favorite colors , except for Galen .
va	I	The animal flew up into the air , and it missed .
va	O	I was no MacGyver , but I headed over to them , pressing my fingers into the gravel as I crawled my way there .
va	I	For some reason this guy 's hand on my thigh makes me feel special , but it 's not like a guy hasn 't touched me before .
va	O	Andrew was smiling , but Neil knew his cheer didn 't mean he was going to play nice .
va	I	We didn 't let go until we had squeezed all the life out of them , and we grasped an advantage over our enemies .
va	O	Her world seemed to stop spinning for a moment and she felt the panic start deep inside her gut .
va	O	Zane slept precious little as it was , and he tended to jab Ty in the ribs when he rocked .
va	I	There was no escape and there were no solutions .
va	O	Old pain twisted my face , and I edged back a fraction .
va	O	His eyelids were kind of saggy , and he 'd forgotten to comb his hair again today .
va	O	I just had this feeling that it was what she needed , but it was more of an unconscious thing now that I look back on it .
va	I	My covers are on and my light is off .
va	I	He gave a shuddering breath of relief and a tear rolled down his cheek .
va	O	As soon as he saw me looking , though , it faded away and he grinned .
va	I	The woman standing on the waves , and he gestured to the two people in the tapestry , the lady cracking the soil open .
va	I	The words hit home , reminding me that I wouldn 't come close to making that list , but I know he 's joking with me .
va	I	I don 't know if I dare promise such a thing , but I want to mention her wedding , perhaps even say I 'll be there .
va	I	I almost lost my balance and my head spun a bit .
va	O	He was very pale , and his eyes were shut .
va	I	He incoherently mutters something and I pinch Micha 's ass because I can .
va	I	Sebastian was waiting , but I turned around .
va	I	The memory of it vibrating still resonated in his grip , but it was silent now .
va	I	I wanted you to know the truth , but I know that probably doesn 't matter .
va	I	His eyes opened when McPherson closed the door , but Benson appeared to be asleep .
va	I	It was something , but so it wasn 't the Brooklyn Bridge .
va	I	That made me regret half of what I had said moments before , and Lupe had .
va	O	I don 't think it 's love , but I wonder where my emotions for Asher are going .
va	I	I couldn 't let myself have you , but I knew I wanted you , Conner .
va	I	He loved medicine more than any woman , but they 'd even dated in high school .
va	O	The rogue struggled , and I released him .
va	I	Finally he settled , but he shifted around , looking awkward .
va	I	A silver truck was entering the intersection , and the light had turned red .
va	I	Its flaming body now acted as the perfect barrier , and the monster on the bridge had been hit instead .
va	I	He nearly pressed his mouth to her ear and she bent closer to him .
va	O	I tripped , and when I got up , I didn 't know which way to go .
va	O	He wanted to deliver the words gently , but there was no easy way to tell her what needed to be said .
va	I	Though beginning to fade , it 's ungodly huge , and I 've never seen a man 's erection before .
va	I	It shocked me back into awareness , and I saw something bob in the river .
va	I	He set it off to one side , and although it was charred black in places , it looked ready .
va	O	Ren moaned low , but it was enough .
va	O	I didn 't even see the little boy floundering around in the chill waters of the bay , but Pol did .
va	O	He brushed across it ; clearing the dirt away and the Levi jeans emblem of a back pocket appeared .
va	I	I couldn 't seem to soften it , but I knew my face was a scowl .
va	I	She seems to be adjusting pretty well , but she 's only got one good arm .
va	O	I 'd only met Kira 's boyfriend a handful of times since they usually left campus for lunch , but I was completely supportive of their courtship .
va	I	When I 'd next opened them , summer had passed me by and SEVENTEEN I 'd blinked my eyes .
va	O	I know a lot of people say that at things like this , but I truly mean it .
va	I	No sound came out , but I opened my mouth .
va	I	Dan realized it was his turn to speak , and they looked at each other .
va	I	He committed hard to defend the third , and she showed him three subtle feints .
va	O	She didn 't think Trey had that kind of power , and Sen definitely wouldn 't have done squat to help her .
va	O	She reached the forest nearby and she couldn 't see anything .
va	O	I wasn 't expecting anything different this morning , but I caught the cadence of voices on the wind the second I stepped out the front door .
va	I	Daniel peeked from behind the rock , his eyes meeting those of the bird and it landed several feet from them .
va	I	She was still here , but he 'd tried like hell to push her away a dozen times this past week .
va	O	He giggled and Robert stood by watching , feeling something swell in his heart .
va	I	I 'm pretty sure he 's gone for good this time , and he 's been gone for over a month with no word .
va	O	I don 't mind standing by Malcolm but I wish I 'd managed to get the girls out .
va	I	His breath became rapid , but he didn 't speak .
va	I	Well beyond Pluto , I 'm sure , but I can 't quite make out where .
va	I	He would identify the truth beneath my lies but I would tell some lies for his happiness .
va	I	You both came through for me when I needed you most , and I couldn 't have gone after Dimitri alone .
va	O	Like him , she was wearing faded jeans , but she was enveloped by a thick turtleneck sweater .
va	O	His head lowered toward her , and Noah 's lips took hers .
va	O	He parted her flesh , and Andra 's body tensed .
va	O	I 'm so thrown off I just sit there like I 'm having a bad dream , and I 'll wake up soon .
va	I	The events of the past hours came into focus , and frustrated , she lay there a moment .
va	I	The restaurant was practically empty and soon it was late afternoon .
va	I	A nurse strolled in , and the partially closed door swung all the way open .
va	I	The right thing to do was to not take advantage of that , and he reminded himself that her judgment was compromised .
va	I	They looked mournful now , at night , against their gloomy backdrop of soggy earth , but I loved watching them bloom .
va	O	He knows I might be here and he 's afraid to face me .
va	I	He placed the knife beneath her chin and she looked up .
va	O	He knew the riders were solid on the surface of Gehenna , but they became spirit to cross the differential to Earth .
va	O	Holding the smoke in his lungs , he offered the marijuana cigarette to me , but I shook my head .
va	I	He had gotten away again , or Adolf had either not materialized as Sadie had hoped .
va	O	It was still early , the sun just starting to rise , but there were already quite a few Reboots milling around .
va	I	He didn 't show up , and supposed to meet Mr. Smallwood .
va	O	Liam asked , and I looked back at him .
va	I	When he reached for her she avoided his arms , but Nate joined her by the railing .
va	I	Something told him that the only reason she didn 't fly off the handle was because she already suspected the truth , and her response surprised Tick .
va	O	She let out a soft breathy sigh , and the book slipped from his hands to the floor .
va	O	The desire burned painfully in his chest , but he had no words to voice it .
va	O	It wasn 't a slap , exactly , but it wasn 't a soft touch either .
va	I	He pressed the towel against the wound , and the receptionist handed him a towel from one of the shelves .
va	I	The teachers ' room would be off limits for several more days and the body had finally been removed .
va	O	He crushed her to him , wishing he could explain how he felt , but knowing there were no words to express the deep need she appeased .
va	O	His phone rang and Troy grabbed it , prepared to talk to the elusive Kathleen Sadler .
va	O	I want to apply a cold compress , but I remain on the floor .
va	O	Sampson let the words hang in the air , and when Anderson still did not respond , continued on .
va	I	It still made her double over literally , but she knew the punch line of course .
va	O	His body was twisted with pain from the multiple wounds but he made no sound .
va	I	Linda proved her wrong , but with so many people , Liz thought it would be difficult to get anyone 's attention to listen to them .
va	I	It only makes him groan deeper and his tongue ring grazes my teeth .
va	O	He was a big guy and he had a big appetite .
va	O	I fought it off as long as I could but it won out .
va	O	She began to part her lips , but the heat of his gaze stopped her .
va	O	She was beginning to have the urge to run -- and she 'd never run from anything in her life .
va	O	We both reached for it at the same time , and I looked at him full in the face .
va	O	I tried texting him but he didn 't respond .
va	O	I watch her lips move , and I want to finish this .
va	O	They all heard the front door crash open and a chorus of drunken greetings ensued .
va	I	A woman no less , and his mind was fuzzy as to how a person could outsmart him .
va	O	His laughter faded , but the smile stayed .
va	I	One of the cops on the ledge responded , and I heard the crackle of a walkie talkie .
va	I	She knew he was well aware of how badly she hated that hospital but she glared at him for several minutes , trying to break him down .
va	I	I 'm gone or come home now .
va	I	For some reason I didn 't want to tell them everything about our relationship , but I knew that I was being vague .
va	I	He wasn 't sure , but it looked like a man 's body .
va	O	Mick ordered a bottle of Merlot for us , and we both ordered the house special of prime rib .
va	O	He was whispering in her ear , and she was staring in my direction .
va	I	That 's not a good thing , and you 're fighting your natural attraction .
va	I	I couldn 't not hate her , too , because she 'd made that choice , and I loved her .
va	I	Still she clung , but she was scared .
va	I	He dashes off , and I nod once .
va	O	Whoever it was , Simon was still furious with the man and she wished she could say something that would ease that feeling .
va	O	I wasn 't ready to call him Dad , but David did not seem right today , either .
va	I	I 'll get you a bright , shiny , new badge and come in tomorrow morning .
va	O	My fingers tingle , but it doesn 't hurt .
va	O	Someone across the hall peered out , wearing a disgruntled expression , and Angela quickly waved Matt inside .
va	I	Her eyes lit up , and Grandma 's brow smoothed .
va	I	My body was happy that it was finally going to get a release and I was still wet .
va	O	My cheeks flushed and I bowed my head , wishing I could take what I said back .
va	I	He looked over at me and I looked over at him .
va	O	They seemed to be attached at the hip , and it was driving me insane with jealousy each time I saw them .
va	I	Besides , his Collar had started to go off , and Eric often napped after an intense stalk , retrieving the energy he 'd spent .
va	I	She had just been thinking how little she knew about him , and you had to know someone for that .
va	O	He had killed several of our laborers , and the rest had been forced to work the fields , with three dying from malnutrition .
va	O	If I were to leave so suddenly , suspicions would be aroused , and frankly , three of those people that you just met are Communists .
va	I	She 'd adapted to life with her coven , but she couldn 't say she loved it here .
va	I	That steam heated the air , and the water flowed behind her .
va	O	More of his strength waned , but he was determined to live .
va	I	Harrison took the gesture to mean the conversation was over , and he turned his back .
va	O	I nodded , and he sat down .
va	I	I was still alive , and I 'd been cut loose .
va	I	I let out a mournful cry of bliss and he drove inside me in a single , absolute thrust .
va	I	She needed to get closer , but she tried to make out what she was witnessing .
va	O	He pivoted to head for the door , but before he could take more than a couple of steps , Claire was right behind him .
va	I	Most likely she would never see her former commander again , and he would not be returning before the mission was launched .
va	I	The cameras remained on the police activity on the farmhouse for a moment , but the police car rolled away on the screen .
va	I	I stare at each other and the gravelly sound of a pencil sharpener from the main office fills the silence as Mrs. Collins .
va	I	It wasn 't audible , but he appeared to say something under his breath .
va	I	He saw her in color , something he had not seen in centuries , yet she seemed a stranger to him .
va	O	She let herself love and it only betrayed her .
va	O	He intended to offer many fringe benefits , but he wanted the marriage in name only .
va	O	I know that it might not sound this way at the moment , but I love my sister .
va	I	All I wanted to do was get closer , and I could feel her small hand in mine .
va	O	I take it and he pulls me to my feet .
va	I	I pushed on anyway , but Sydney 's warnings echoed back to me , about not going crazy with spirit use .
va	O	He had been devastated beyond repair when Austen died and she refused to put him through any more pain .
va	O	I hurry ahead of the group and when I round the corner see Xander still standing there .
va	O	He knew part of the reason she relaxed with him was because he was in a wheelchair and she didn 't perceive him as a threat .
va	I	He stayed put , but his head bobbed .
va	I	Still he didn 't change , and he took it all with a stoicism that even I might not have managed .
va	O	No one does , and they never will because I can 't tell them anything .
va	O	A wide smile crossed her face , and her eyes were glowing with anticipation .
va	I	We tested the hundred yard dash a few more times , and Angel was extremely proud of her guesses .
va	O	He knew he 'd regret asking , but he did anyway .
va	O	It was very cool in here out of the sun , and it seemed to have an atmosphere all of its own .
va	O	Small gold hoops dangled from each ear , and Mike caught the slightest trace of perfume .
va	I	I would let him , and he was playing with me .
va	I	I felt like I might be sick , and I hit Send .
va	I	She could barely stand being in the rooms , but it had been obvious that people had worked hard to clean up the suite .
va	O	We began to kiss , and all our problems seemed to melt away .
va	O	The Inquisitor looked as if she 'd taken a step forward on solid ground and it had collapsed under her feet .
va	O	Sailors do not swim and the oil yet burns .
va	I	No letter came in the morning , and I stayed at Rita 's house that Sunday night .
va	O	Let me explain a few things and then we will address that question .
va	I	His friends were noticing , and he was several shades darker than Nora .
va	I	Their weight was crushing her and her chest was heaving .
va	I	No one could ever be sure of the when but Zach had told me they would go away someday .
va	I	Everything 's changed and it 's been less than six years .
va	O	Luisa hit back with a left hook to Lea 's head , but Lea hit back with a left hook to Luisa 's liver .
va	O	He pulls his hand out of his sweater pocket , and I flinch like he 's going to Taser me .
va	O	She struck the snake in the eye , and it reared back , roaring with fury .
va	O	Heat flared in his eyes , but she wouldn 't back down .
va	I	I had to waive etiquette in pursuit of my quest , but he 'd think me an uncouth lout .
va	O	Romeo 's footsteps faltered , and I waved him forward .
va	O	The small voice echoes in my mind , and I immediately become limp in his arms .
va	O	By the end of today we should have the stage shots and the disco shots wrapped up .
va	I	Then it 's OK for me to sleep if I want to , and Milo says Miguel will check me out again in a few hours .
va	O	They acted upon this , and other findings related to an imprecise analysis of the available evidence .
va	O	I heard the female giggle , and I turned back to them .
va	I	The driveway forms a large loop at the front door and english-style gardens break up a perfectly groomed lawn .
va	O	He had the office number , but he never called her there .
va	I	He wondered if they would leave Becca bored , but these options were more than enough for Zach .
va	I	I will always be in a stalemate then and I fear Crewe Davids .
va	O	My eyes popped open , and heat flooded my face .
va	I	He glared in return , and her eyes focused on him .
va	I	I knew where we were going , and we rode north .
va	O	You 've known for a while ... about the things that happened when I was young , but you still stay by me .
va	I	No matter how many times he denied it , Rand Kincaid cared about others , but he might be a ruthless businessman .
va	O	I 'd already loved her , but this was unexplainable .
va	I	So far as I could tell , he never missed his mark and Liam steadily loosed arrows .
va	I	Dreaded being alone with him , but she wanted to see him .
va	I	You 've just broken the other glass in the set but I 'd offer you one .
va	I	In your face you couldn 't ignore it and it grew steadily until it exploded into something so vibrant .
va	O	He settled back down in his bed and a slight smile came to his face as he felt her hand grasp his .
va	O	He gave himself another few hours to debate with his conscious until he was certain it was past midnight , and he slipped out of his rooms .
va	I	Nicole took a soft , deep breath , and the line fell silent for a moment .
va	O	I didn 't think that girl would ever get her fill , and then I realized it was probably because of her disease .
va	I	To pile up knowledge , and I wanted hard things now .
va	I	It was sad , and he heard every private word she uttered .
va	O	I 'd take one bottle , and it would be enough .
va	O	Asha was special and she deserved the best .
va	O	It wouldn 't hurt her at al , and it meant al the difference to him .
va	I	He nude a face that I wasn 't meant to see , and I pulled my hand out of Jacob 's .
va	O	The valet opened the door for her and she slid into the backseat .
va	I	We blew it by not mentioning the price on TV , and they expected a free product .
va	I	One shot was all I was gon na need , and Little did he know this was my one shot to take him down .
va	I	He didn 't feel like coming without her , and Angela was sick with the stomach flu .
va	O	His soul is dying , but you can save it .
va	O	Silence followed and I was aware that I was the only one making noise as I scrambled to my stuff away .
va	O	It might 've been my imagination , but I could 've sworn he smiled .
va	O	The cord around the chair was still loose , and she worked frantically to free herself before he came back .
va	O	Sebastian gazed upon his wife 's luminous beauty , and he wanted to howl .
va	O	We leapt side by side until we were drenched in sweat , and there was no more music to keep us on our feet .
va	I	If he 'd been her brother , he thought he 'd have argued harder against her coming along , and he was worried about her .
va	O	She wasn 't sure why it had gone through hers , but she knew enough to trust her senses .
va	I	My eyes met Bo 's again and I lay my head back down .
va	I	There 's no charger , but I open the drawer .
va	O	He was relieved to see the bolt remained intact , but it wouldn 't hold for long .
va	I	Since this morning , he had been regressing , and now the boy in his arms seemed impossibly young .
va	O	I don 't know why she would be hurt , and it 's not like she wants any of that bullshit .
va	O	I wanted to break up with him , but I didn 't know how .
va	I	It was hard at first and we got a campfire going .
va	O	He smiled a little and she pulled back .
va	I	I planned to follow in our car , and I thought they would take Mom to the hospital .
va	I	No voluptuous blond nurse answered his silent plea , but his brother glanced back toward the closed door .
va	I	They began their descent , and he pushed the button .
va	O	She turned west and the clicks diminished .
va	O	When the day arrived , my hands started shaking again , but this time it was mostly from nerves .
va	O	I didn 't say it out loud , but I so didn 't want to hang around here to find out what he had up his sleeve .
va	O	He was currently tucking into his own packet of biscuits , and he was even making eyes at her half-finished ice cream .
va	I	Now it was deserted , but the square had not been busy before .
va	O	The marks on his body were horrendous , but even they appeared to have faded out some .
va	O	Anne Marie hadn 't actually forgotten but she 'd relegated the matter to the bottom of her list .
va	O	He steps back and his girlfriend , Emily , walks through the door before him .
va	I	She ended up with the State , and something happened , though .
va	O	She could feel the curious eyes of the neighbors on them , and when she glanced back , a silence settled over the crowd .
va	I	I feel Helena leave my body while Annabella stays behind , and there 's a loud snap , followed by a scream .
va	I	I was pretty sure Aiden would only offer his own , but I wanted a healthy body .
va	I	It was worth a try , but he hadn 't expected anything .
va	I	He had been forced to turn a blind eye and there had already been some extremists quietly disposed of .
va	I	The message was easy enough to understand , but James couldn 't make out the words .
va	O	The area was fenced and the entrance was gated .
va	O	It 's hard to lend a sympathetic ear to a man who rapes you every week , but I did my best .
va	I	She didn 't know why , because she wanted to , and she couldn 't .
va	I	Although she would have scaled Everest without complaining he would make sure that she didn 't overdo things and Sandra tired easily these days .
va	O	I do not think one ever gets over that sort of loss , but in the end , I was lucky enough to meet your father .
va	I	You 've already moved on , and I know I have screwed things up between us too many times .
va	O	He was downwind of her , but with her enhanced vampire senses , he was still worried she 'd catch his scent .
va	O	Sophia burst out laughing and I glared at her .
va	I	Victoria was more cunning than most , and he adored intelligent women .
va	O	I pause , waiting for him to say something but he doesn 't as I stare out the window .
va	I	Her breath caught in her chest and Noelle looked .
va	I	Three large figures crashed through and the glass windows blew in .
va	I	He gave me a small smile and I sat down next to him .
va	I	He knew he deserved it , and she crossed her arms over her chest defensively .
va	I	I totally get what he is saying , but I have no idea what he 's not telling me .
va	O	Vince wasn 't thrilled about it but he didn 't complain too much .
va	I	I nodded , and he asked .
va	O	He was speaking the truth as far as he knew it , but there was more to the whole thing .
va	I	He kept removing it and one of the midgets kept placing her hand on Tom 's shoulder .
va	O	It 's a gesture of intimacy and I 'm uncomfortable with it .
va	I	He managed , but she didn 't know how Dominic was amplifying the smell with the rain falling .
va	I	It was disappointing that he wouldn 't be back so late and I couldn 't wait for him to get back to the hotel .
va	I	Their supplies had reached dangerously low levels , but he felt as if every swallow of water only made him want more .
va	O	I don 't want to believe the things she 's said , but deep down , I know she 's telling the truth .
va	I	Danny felt his irritation rise with the heat and the rap at the door became more forceful .
va	O	The freshly tilled soil was easy to work and they were done before the sun rose , which was good for the suspicion of the town folk .
va	I	With not so much as a grunt in return she gave up , but Chris tried to make conversation as they went .
va	I	She trusted that there would be a well-worn trail to it from the observation point , but she didn 't know where his quarters were .
va	O	Now he lets you touch him , and he takes food from your hand .
va	O	There 's no recorded one that I can use , and we 'd have to create our own .
va	I	It didn 't move but she pulled on the end piece .
va	I	Frank 's apparent increasing dementia made me uncomfortable , but I searched my mind to find something to talk about .
va	O	Training was hard , and although Alex was as very fit he was quite tired when he returned from a 35 mile route march .
va	O	I apologize that our first encounter must be so impersonal , but I thought it would be best under the circumstance .
va	O	His lips drew back over his teeth , and he was breathing hard .
va	O	Then Carlos smiled , that smug smile she 'd seen far too often , and Lorraine realized she was very much alive .
va	O	He might have that annoying levity on now , but he 'd already shown concern for my well-being .
va	I	The man wasn 't wearing one , but she didn 't have her mask .
va	O	I feel my mouth drop open of its own accord and I snap it closed quickly .
va	I	All she could hear was the beating of her own heart , but the music was still playing , louder than before , perhaps .
va	O	They followed it until it forked off to the left and they found themselves along the bank of Duck Creek .
va	I	Now I see it , but I didn 't think you 'd be a good candidate .
va	O	It didn 't last though , and my reaction scared them too .
va	O	The doors slid open , and we stepped through together .
va	O	Her face was pale , and her eyes were closed .
va	I	I felt an immense amount of pride rush through me for The Stolen and we laughed .
va	O	Her lips lifted into a slight smile to soften the message that was : Hurt my son in any way and I will destroy you .
va	I	She pressed her fingers to her lips and the tears now bounded down her cheeks .
va	I	He would not release him , but Chris sputtered , trying to shake his arm free of Luther 's grasp .
va	O	The sounds were pitched higher now , more like keening , and it told Damen that Mairi 's orgasm was fast approaching .
va	I	He would have his revenge , and she would come to him .
va	I	He suddenly felt a draft , but Charlie didn 't hear anything .
va	O	We reached the main floor without opposition , but once there , all was chaos .
va	I	We listened carefully and I rang the number again .
va	O	Then it hits , and you 're submerged .
va	O	The sun had already disappeared , and the sky was deep blue .
va	I	Peter cut him off with a look , but Donald went to speak .
va	I	I swung around the other way to crash my heel into his temple , and he blocked a blow that never landed .
va	I	He also liked the slogan but Thompson drank the product constantly .
va	O	I 've seen some of what he can do and I imagine that 's only the tip of the iceberg .
va	O	My mouth closed over the peak , tongue pulling her deeper into my mouth , and I groaned at the feel of it .
va	I	I felt my cheeks redden and Lea waited for my explanation .
va	O	My fingers went numb and the letter fluttered out of my grasp to the floor .
va	O	My back hits the wall right beside the window and I elevate my gun at him .
va	O	He looked over at Ryo , and Ryo smiled at him .
va	I	He wouldn 't have seen it as a shrug , but I shrugged .
va	I	He had to say them , but Dawson hated his next words .
va	I	Her frazzled nerves could feel James 's glare from somewhere nearby , and her face ached from forcing a smile .
va	I	No sleepiness followed ... but sure enough , I started to feel a little tingly .
va	I	When I chanced a peek at his eyes , I saw the last thing I was expecting , and Logan was gentle .
va	O	Stop now , his mind screamed in one final attempt to keep him out of trouble , but he didn 't have the strength to withdraw .
va	O	I felt the same words could be used to describe her , and I wasn 't sure what to say .
va	O	It was terrifying , and it was wonderful .
va	O	A rough hand clapped over her mouth and she was dragged away .
va	O	I tried to sit up , but my shoulder was still unusable .
va	I	Now there was more rubble than before and the explosions had broken up the comet .
va	I	First ... First there was the priest to take care of , but Altair intended to find out .
va	I	She seemed to be grinning and her chin was held high .
va	I	She stopped him before he could cut into it , but Haven looked at him as he removed the skin .
va	O	The officer 's words may have been spoken in broken English , but he pulled out his baton as he spoke making his point crystal clear .
va	O	I 'd tried to contact them several instances , one time even pleading , but they refused to listen .
va	I	His absence of senses made these memories all the more vivid , and he found himself exploring old memories , the absence of the physical world .
va	O	I assumed that my previous assistance was wearing off and he was doing his best to maintain mental awareness .
va	I	Flung himself out into the night and he flew through the window with a few strong beats of his wings .
va	O	Seeing Sean with his brothers and their wives showed her yet another side to the man she 'd married .
va	O	There was so much I wanted to say to him , but I didn 't even know where to start .
va	O	It may take you a while to save the money , but in the end , you 'll feel better .
va	I	Some time later everyone in the kitchen heard the jaunty music of the fiddler , and Medea took the cake into the hall .
va	O	He pressed his erection against me , and I gasped .
va	O	The car was stuck , and she needed to get out of here .
va	O	She was hiding or she wasn 't home yet .
va	O	Claire stopped , and I kept walking .
va	I	His little hand dipped into the pouch at his waist , and he walked toward her , still smiling .
va	I	I had learned from experience to stop eating then and my nausea began to ease away .
va	I	At least Dean would have backup , but that might be a recipe for a road trip that ended in a fistfight .
va	I	He started pushing my legs open again , and Tripp 's hand was on my knee .
va	O	Kelvin managed to negotiate the hurdles in front of him but Brett deserted .
va	O	The boys are making a sweep , but we think we 're good .
va	O	It was dusk , and the sun had dropped behind the buildings , casting dark shadows in the alleyway .
va	I	I gaped at him in confusion , his soft voice , in no way matched his enraged face and he did it again .
va	I	I traded turned into involuntary smiles and the glance Jared .
va	O	It grew dark , and the storm ceased .
va	O	We 're here , but we were there .
va	I	We all let out a cheer and he calls happily in response .
va	O	She saw confidence in her daughter 's eyes and for a moment she realized her daughter was more capable in caring for herself than she was .
va	I	She really turned up the heat , but he always avoided her .
va	I	Torches lit a path through the sand down to the water 's edge and it was a beautiful night .
va	I	I was betting the doors were locked , and all the windows were closed .
va	O	The gun was on the ground and he was holding a bloody hand .
va	I	Zach would be appearing with Cuddles any minute now and the clock was ticking closer to 5 p.m. .
va	I	He healed her and that she got hurt somehow .
va	I	I could only imagine how many drinks had been served from its polished , scarred surface and it stretched from nearly end to end .
va	I	A group of men were moving away , disappearing into the distance on horses , and the clawed hand was gone .
va	O	Angelica trembled as Reyes tugged on her leash , and she gained her feet as well .
va	O	The house was one large room , but I barely took in the surroundings .
va	O	After a few moments Rafe 's smile faded , and they all fell back into an uncomfortable silence .
va	I	He tried not to look at her and Mia tried not to look at Julian .
va	I	Class moved quickly , and I got caught up in the music .
va	I	Something had nagged at her mind , but she didn 't want to worry .
va	I	Here he was , claiming the final dance , yet I hadn 't seen him the entire evening .
va	I	She helped him find easier work in the plants when he came of age and he spent time with her in the city by the factories .
va	I	We weren 't , and she was standing under a streetlight .
va	O	He took the bullet meant for me , and he took it right in the chest .
va	I	His riders hesitated , and the trick worked .
va	O	Neither wanted the risk , but the choice was already made .
va	I	I 'm determined to make that happen and free to have a good time without any of the other shit .
va	I	Stellan thought the San Francisco Call might ignite from her look alone , but she didn 't reply .
va	I	I began sobbing , my knees giving out on me and the adrenaline rush that had propelled me to run had disappeared .
va	I	He fielded them as I strode away and there were a number .
va	I	She shook her head and Phoebe 's eyes brightened .
va	I	The hit was just as painful , but this time he was not wearing his steel gloves .
va	I	That was absurd ; but it almost felt like sick excitement .
va	I	His eyes were bright with unchecked anger even as his bottom lip quivered , but Pavel didn 't answer .
va	I	She was still staring and I looked up again .
va	O	Then the spirit pulled her hands away from her belly , and both her palms were bloody .
va	O	It was about ten feet in diameter and the surface was brushed instead of polished .
va	I	He 's pretty reliable and Emerson was in charge .
va	I	We haven 't heard a peep from his room since we got here , and Thayer must have come home earlier than we did .
va	I	It would provide an ideal place to store it and there was an old cupboard in the kitchen .
va	I	That story is of dubious origin , but Hari Seldon , in the course of The Flight , is popularly supposed to have seen an actual robot .
va	I	He staggered over to the couch to grasp the edge and shock widened his eyes .
va	I	All fell within a certain genus , widely different from that of the underground apartments on Earth , but all four were distinct from each other .
va	O	It seemed mostly the incoherent musings of a ten year old girl and I turned the pages quickly .
va	I	Cassie noticed a solitary tear fall from her chin onto the fresh grass , but Faye looked away .
va	I	The faces retreated into the flames and the voices stopped .
va	O	A minute goes by , but no one comes out .
va	O	She tried to stifle her shivers of delight , but she was certain he had to be able to feel them .
va	I	He knew if he didn 't get off the water soon he would start to sink , but Crystal Crier didn 't want to climb it .
va	I	He knew he did not deserve to say that , but Damen wanted to say that nothing happened .
va	I	That helps a little , too , and I try to breathe through my shirt .
va	O	The attendant had only one eye , and she had to hold the list close to her face to read it .
va	O	The women had liked Mac on sight , and that was that .
va	I	The breeze ran through the trees like water in a tranquil stream , and Green leaves hung over her like it was the roof of the world .
va	O	Mrs. Grant looked at each of them in turn , and then just walked away to rouse her own men .
va	I	Ash put a hand my arm , but I drew my sword as well .
va	O	Clay glanced over at the patrol car , but Allie didn 't look back at him .
va	O	I 've got places to go , and I will leave your dead ass here to walk among the living alone for eternity .
va	I	He entrusted me with the highest privilege our realm has ever known , and when the battle was lost , Abner sealed himself into the twenty-fourth layer .
va	I	She almost felt like she couldn 't breathe , and the silence that settled was uncomfortable .
va	O	You share our blood , yet you are a hunter .
va	I	It was the last thing that I wanted , and it seemed to be a day for me to get in fights with people .
va	I	We could as easily be zeroes or with Uriel we could be heroes .
va	I	Pete 's hand went to his gun , and the floor creaked beneath Gene 's feet .
va	O	Miles watched her retreating back and his eyes dipped to admire her cute butt before he realized it .
va	O	Always states The Gazette has been around longer than us , and we 're a poor carbon copy .
va	I	His eyes immediately zeroed in on her lips and he looked up .
va	O	I tried to laugh but it sounded phony .
va	O	The distortion was still there , but the duality had disappeared .
va	I	The work is only beginning but the meeting has ended .
va	I	We both stared at it in the ugly light of the ambulance and he took his hand away slowly .
va	O	The teacher is looking at me expectantly and I blush at being caught daydreaming .
va	O	Someone had dressed her hair in a soft knot and she wore a trace of kohl on her eyelids .
va	O	He looked directly at me , but I looked away , continuing to explain the engagement thing to my parents .
va	O	Jesse had known Nick for years , but there was no love lost between them .
va	O	Gar had yet to lose hair , but scar tissue covered where his eye ought to have been .
va	O	A phone call an hour ago had confirmed the news that Andrew was dead , and his colleagues were in shock .
va	I	That would be simple enough , but it would require some eye surgery , of course .
va	O	The words were said lightly , but there was an undertone of anguished yearning .
va	I	She turned to face him and his hand fell away .
va	I	The whole tagging thing , but I also have a thousand reasons to lie to you ?
va	O	I told her about how she called Echo an angel and I finally heard my mom giggle a little .
va	O	She lowered her arms and the sleeves fell below her fingertips .
va	I	She had a chair to cover , and the skins had arrived at the workshop the previous evening .
va	I	It was a relief that he didn 't just offer me assurances , and I could tell that he was thinking about what I said .
va	I	He turned to scowl at Sofie , and Viggo 's face fell in despair .
va	O	There was one ute to two men , and I shared mine with Dean the plumber .
va	O	It 's going to be six more months before we get there , and the constant refueling is expensive .
va	I	Carol knew it , and it wouldn 't do any good to argue .
va	I	The light was unforgiving , but Nick eased carefully through the narrow opening , eyes everywhere , trying to blend in with his surroundings .
va	I	He nodded grimly and Stalin was watching the memory cross Alejo 's face .
va	I	There was no pretending it was fine now , and the crack in my heart had finally broken wide .
va	O	The corners of his lips turned up slightly , but he kept his gaze steady .
va	I	You stare and look , I 'll stand still .
va	I	I realized she 'd asked me a question , and mom said .
va	I	Hopefully it won 't come to that , but I 'd rather not die here tonight .
va	O	One of them pointed at something outside , and they all broke out into raucous guffaws .
va	O	' No , there 's only me , ' she said , and somehow Tiffany knew she was telling the truth .
va	O	He moved to my ear again , and my body braced for the shockwaves .
va	I	That would never due and just look at this family alone if everyone made the choices they did , his underworld would never grow .
va	I	Her legs were trembling and he saw how she blushed with his closeness .
va	I	Then decided she 'd come so far , might as well go all the way , and she 'd wondered if she should add this .
va	I	His mouth pulled into a frown , and Knox shook his head at Luke .
va	O	Mary was still helping out part-time , but doing most of her work was from home on her computer .
va	O	The potential was there for either , and that was the true source of my grief .
va	I	Noelle grabbed his arm , but he brushed by her .
va	O	We don 't know exactly what happened since you left , but its effect has been noticeable .
va	O	The resolve he 'd felt just a moment ago seemed to vanish , and the nausea in his stomach came seeping back .
va	O	She didn 't have an answering machine , and if someone couldn 't reach her at home , they could try one of her many other lines .
va	I	I couldn 't comprehend what he was saying but I heard Julian 's shouts in the background .
va	O	Her head was swimming and she felt off balance .
va	O	Sam matched him on the first beat , and I jumped in with the melody .
va	I	Her comment made it harder to ignore , but I had tried very hard not to think about how much the jewelry he gave me was worth .
va	O	We didn 't tend to argue that much , just bicker a little , but we were starting to get on each other 's nerves .
va	O	The bathroom didn 't have a lot of extra space , but since it was just her , it did its job .
va	O	My breath caught and my heart rate went up .
va	O	You 've been gone , and I 'm getting up in years .
va	O	Sebastian 's eyes narrowed and he spun back around .
va	O	He took a step toward her , but a guard held his arm , pulling him back .
va	O	If he was mad that we 'd exposed him , I didn 't know , but I had a feeling he probably really didn 't care .
va	O	We got off at the bus stop nearest Oliver 's flat and I tucked my hand into his arm as we walked along .
va	I	It doesn 't , but God , Olivia , it would be one thing if any of that stuff works .
va	O	Streak shook his head , growling , but I was firm with him .
va	O	No light came from above and he thought he must have tumbled down into some forgotten chasm beneath the forest .
va	I	He wasn 't worried about losing his job , but Cain hadn 't spent much time working since Sheridan 's attack .
va	O	Body to body , his hardness came tight against her abdomen , and his kisses opened her mouth .
va	O	My voice is deceptively soft , but all I wanted to do was cuss .
va	I	We 'd never created any paths , but I 'd done some sneaking in the woods with Stalker during our journey north .
va	O	She was about to admonish his public faux pas but it appeared no human actually noticed his lightning speed .
va	I	I retired my train of thought for another work day , and Work ended .
va	I	Jorge studied his boots and Miguel shifted uncomfortably .
va	O	She started to sit up and I held her to me .
va	O	She looked around her as if expecting trouble , but trouble did not come .
va	O	The police called my parents and I was taken home .
va	I	This time she let him take it and he lifted her bag again .
va	I	She knew her words had to be carefully chosen and she knew the letter was going to be short .
va	I	She 'd expected me to be black , and I 'd expected Mookie Preston to be completely white .
va	I	Archer had a way of making that happen , and Josie needed to clear her mind so she could rest .
va	I	The strain on his mind was serious but we managed to remove the enchantment that was causing instability in his autonomous nervous system .
va	I	The sound was immediately muffled by the mass of books , but her heels were clicking the metal floor .
va	O	She smiled at him , and he hesitantly smiled back .
va	I	Hers was too , and his mind was made up .
va	I	I couldn 't stop shivering , and it was pretty cold even for a ghost .
va	O	I steady myself with my hands on the lounger and I blink hard to clear my fuzzy vision .
va	O	His eyes widened in astonishment and he opened his mouth in surprise which allowed a loud belch to escape .
va	I	Daytime channel surfing can only keep you busy for so long , but I turned on the TV .
va	O	The words seemed to carry in the wind , and we sat there in silence .
va	O	The color drained from her cheeks and she actually staggered back a step .
va	I	The words came out a bit slurred , but she managed to find her voice .
va	I	I knew he was about to say something that was going to get him smacked and he flicked a glance at me .
va	I	Cassidy heard uneasiness in his voice , but the words sounded simple enough .
va	I	It wasn 't just about me , and they still hadn 't let up .
va	O	I immediately understood that to live there would not have been easy , but I didn 't have very to choose .
va	I	Jake knew he couldn 't afford to stop , but they were on red .
va	O	We didn 't speak , but then we never do .
va	I	I swallow and I sense him stepping in close .
va	I	I was ready and somehow I knew she 'd say that .
va	O	The man 's face had a day 's stubble and his neck was red from the sun .
va	O	Everyone scrambled out of their chairs and the room was cleared in seconds .
va	I	It needed to happen quickly for her personal protection , but he would do whatever she needed to feel reassured .
va	O	He was passing yet another tunnel mouth , but this one had a piece of board nailed across it .
va	O	They had a standing militia , but they didn 't patrol much .
va	I	I ignore it , but my injured hip protests a little .
va	I	She pulled it away , biting her bottom lip , and her hand reached out .
va	O	The limbs didn 't respond as quickly as my old limbs had , but maybe that was just because I wasn 't used to them yet .
va	O	The Hounds were keeping their distance now , but they were still following us .
va	I	No thanks , just hands held out for more , more , more and all the work we do .
va	I	He 'd discovered something about himself , but Logan was as understanding as the next guy .
va	I	They were experienced enough to dull their nerves with alcohol , but he might intimidate other women .
va	I	I began to read and I had brought my old journal with me .
va	I	He didn 't care , but Jimmy 's body ached .
va	I	I need your help and I 'm in trouble .
va	I	Slam closed , and then she felt the portal activate again .
va	O	There was another deliberate pause and I imagined her glancing at her companion , checking him out .
va	I	Fellowes nodded , and DS Scott offered to lead .
va	I	The dew was definitely off the rose , but Peter might not think she needed Oil of Olay .
va	O	He was facing death , and therefore , so was I .
va	I	I knew they weren 't furtive and I felt eyes on us now .
va	O	He could once again pleasure himself without giving her satisfaction , but he didn 't enjoy the orgasm nearly as much .
va	O	He might not like the arty type but he responded to art .
va	O	By the time I got my car into the automatic garage the wind had died down slightly and the rain was falling in drizzling mist .
va	O	The woman blinked at him but her expression remained perfectly blank .
va	O	He heard her soft exhale behind him , and he turned back to look at her .
va	I	Marya 's excitement had been shared with the crew and the crew had watched torpedoes from their own screens .
va	I	He was smiling and the steam from his coffee curled up around his withered face .
va	I	The walker begins to stir , but I pull the needle out .
va	I	It was after my grandmother died and I had only cried one time in front of her .
va	O	Most people don 't expect to see a head in the toilet , but then , Harvey 's not most people .
va	I	Only after I was sure there was no danger in her room was when I entered mine , and I watched Haley enter the room .
va	I	The skies were pouring with the arrival of winter rain , and Mother Nature however put a stop to that .
va	I	I tried to explain what had happened and Brad handed me a wad of tissues .
va	O	An eternity passed for him , but slowly he felt as he regained his self control .
va	O	Enjoying life is my goal and I will not be one of ' those ' sensible types all ways at home watching TV .
va	O	The two bid each other goodbye , and Pippa left , heading home .
va	I	I had said the words and I had made my decision .
va	I	The sparkling depths were filled with a white light , pulsating beneath the surface and the rain lightened .
va	O	Give me one moment and I will join you .
va	I	Now , after all that has happened this weekend , I 'll have no end of work , but I had plenty when I left home .
va	I	It came out as something strangled but I tried to laugh with her .
va	O	The hammer is cocked , and I got my finger pressing on the trigger .
va	I	The thought of moving before having her , before showing her the stars , was painful , but he realized a cold floor wasn 't ideal .
va	O	I like to be comfortable and I like to look good .
va	O	Fat Charlie began to sing , and the audience began to listen .
va	I	That was no minor inconvenience and we were guarding seventeen convicts .
va	O	She can 't breathe , but she doesn 't complain .
va	I	She felt the loss of his presence instantly , and the warmth was gone .
va	O	He pinched her hard and she came once more .
va	I	It had worked well , and she knew this had started with him trying to distract her from asking any more questions .
va	O	Ty wasn 't letting her go anywhere , but first he needed to calm her down .
va	I	Her friends had abandoned her when they found out what she had done but she thought about who she could call .
va	O	I 'm not some new kid , fresh out of college , and I refuse to put up with your bad behavior .
va	O	Her feelings were still confused , but anger was winning the battle .
va	O	Jimmy said as angrily as he could , but genuine fear betrayed his hostility .
va	I	I quickened my pace and the sun was sinking fast .
va	O	I should 've realized Casey would seek out Alix , but until that moment it hadn 't occurred to me .
va	O	Almost immediately Shane 's body surged within her a final time and he crushed her to him .
va	I	Cliches were useful sometimes , but yeah , it was a cliche .
va	I	She was already holding onto her sanity for dear life and Melissa hadn 't even spent a day in my world .
va	I	I let out a chuckle , and it was too much .
va	I	He smiled a little too pleasantly and John 's eyes flicked toward Sam .
va	I	He obviously preferred to ignore his own future but Jonas had a talent for reading the past .
va	I	It wouldn 't have taken much to send her scurrying , and she was a timid creature .
va	O	Her face felt numb and her hands were shaking .
va	I	It was not my own , but CHAPTER NINE The following morning I woke to an empty bed .
va	I	I was fine with Mick , but my first guess would have been Tiny .
va	O	He 'd recognize that tight ass anywhere , and he wasn 't referring to Miss Molly 's .
va	O	His cigarette drooped toward the grass , and he tossed it into the fire .
va	I	They were only there as decoration , but thick scientific tomes lined the walls .
va	I	They don 't want us to suffer for them and when it 's their time , they know .
va	O	I understood where my father was coming from , but I didn 't give a damn .
va	O	It comes loose and she drops it .
va	I	Once an entire city put to the torch , all of it sent up in flames , and I 'd seen walls torn down .
va	O	I 've accepted it , and I 've moved on .
va	I	Whispered voices greet each other and the gallery begins to fill .
va	O	Because I remember that sound , and the pain associated with it .
va	O	The arm smashes into pieces , and the sheriff stands looking blank .
va	O	There were so many strange things in this new world of his , and this was just one more odd thing to add to the list .
va	O	I thought the alarm bells would sound when I entered the club and I 'd be arrested by the fashion police .
va	O	Mom didn 't say anything , though , and I headed upstairs to get my backpack .
va	I	He did , but Doyle may have told you that he did not know Alistair was booked on that flight , just as he told me .
va	I	They went to a nearby tree and Lea grabbed Julie by the hand .
va	I	She released a relieved breath , and the country dance began .
va	I	He gave a little laugh and Dante 's head fell back .
va	I	She really , really loved a powerful car , but she wasn 't one of those people who thrived on an adrenaline rush .
va	I	She convinced herself that she had imagined its previous expression entirely , and his face returned to a more amiable state .
va	O	He threw his body in my direction and I fired .
va	O	Every picnic had potato salad , and every chef had a different recipe .
va	O	His eyeballs sang and his teeth danced .
va	O	I went to sleep about four in the morning and it felt like I had been awake all night .
va	O	Ryan hadn 't been included in the family discussion , but he remained silent as he listened to their concerns .
va	O	What she didn 't know was that the ground was far closer than she realized , and she nearly lost her footing .
va	O	It wasn 't her fault she was so gorgeous , and I sure couldn 't blame Jett for being attracted to her .
va	I	Suddenly she couldn 't stand to be close to him , but he was turned away from her , talking to Jared .
va	O	I would read the note later , but I already knew what it said .
va	I	It was worth far more than that to him , but the giant green fish 's meat would feed the village for the rest of the season .
va	I	She could have survived without him in her life , and she 'd never expected to see Rand Kincaid again .
va	O	I see no one with me , but I feel I am not alone .
va	I	Manuel had seen his mother shake her head slowly in reply and the man squinted when he said the word ' friendly ' .
va	I	I 'll brush one of them and how about you grab both .
va	I	In both instances they occurred after she had made midnight visits to the work area , and the problems began when she arrived .
va	I	A little resigned , and this one sounded tired .
va	I	He ran his thumb along my bottom lip and Clay 's eyes darkened .
va	I	It came through in the tone of his voice and he was less nervous already .
va	I	He leaned down toward her , as if wanting to assert that he was alive now , and his eyes darkened .
va	O	You walk away when something gets a little too rough for you , and you walk over others when they don 't serve a purpose anymore .
va	I	I wasn 't sure what he was doing , but I heard him stop next to the bag .
va	O	He felt good but he was right .
va	O	I 've been doing a little soul searching and there 's only one decision that feels right .
va	O	He seemed to know the people here and they immediately brought us a bottle of wine .
va	I	Now she was terrified and she knew he understood her private thoughts .
va	I	She returned her gaze to his , and Lord Merrick cleared his throat .
va	I	When she got into the full light she saw his quick , intelligent blue eyes catalog the bruises , and she did , trying not to limp .
va	O	I 've come a long way and going back now is lunacy .
va	I	It 's for your own good , but you may not be excited about getting vaccinated .
va	O	Seeing Kenneth today convinced me of that , but I don 't want you to ever be bitter about anything we shared .
va	O	It was fun , but it wasn 't exciting .
va	I	I couldn 't , but I wanted to throw myself into the kiss .
va	O	Out the corner of my eye , I saw Brandon 's hand come up to catch me , but I was too fast .
va	O	She writhed and her eyes sprang open .
va	I	What could he do , but he wanted to help ?
va	O	Now I have both my brothers ' full attention , and my cheeks feel like I 've been leaning over a hot stove .
va	O	My head throbbed even worse than usual , and I rubbed at my temples .
va	I	I 'm sticking to it and at least that 's my theory .
va	O	His tone was matter-of-fact , but his implication was significant .
va	O	I waited for clarification , but his answer was complete .
va	O	I stood up , and my legs wobbled .
va	O	The trail came over a low ridge and there was the village lined up along a small river , not that I could see the river .
va	I	He also knew that wasn 't happening , but yeah , he wanted it to last .
va	I	Nick stepped closer and he pulled back .
va	O	He 's looking at me worriedly and I can 't even believe the words that are coming out of his mouth .
va	I	I stayed inside , but I saw a few people wander by yesterday , probably looking for other people .
va	O	I racked my brain for interesting factoids about myself , but I could only think of embarrassing ones .
va	O	The lobby was made out of what seemed like pure gold , and the windows were a magnificent tint of blue .
va	I	Whenever he heard news , he would read it eagerly , and the Confederacy was always close to Willem 's mind .
va	O	She had the form of a young woman , but the clothes she was wearing were decidedly other .
va	O	They 'd die for her , and she 'd die for them .
va	O	The memory of William kissing her breasts flashed in her mind , and she found herself growing warm with a blush .
va	I	Somehow he won , but it was a hard fight .
va	I	I had to make sure he was all right and I 'd seen the arrow aimed right at Tony .
va	I	From the stance I could tell that he was terrified , but with the moon behind him , he was in shadow .
va	I	People couldn 't hear her , for whatever reason , but that 's what she 's always been saying .
va	O	There was a distinct clap of flesh meeting something solid , but it didn 't come from him .
va	O	His deep growl was frightening , but she refused to turn away .
va	O	He narrowed his gaze beyond the window , clearly thinking , and I got the distinct impression he 'd found something I 'd said important .
va	O	Heart pounding , she tugged her arm , but Lucas kept her in her seat .
va	I	Evidently , I wasn 't successful , but I attempted to hide my surprise .
va	I	I never saw a thing , but I looked over my shoulder once in a while for a sign that they might be gaining on us .
va	O	He then got her phone number and after messaging one day , he proposed her .
va	O	A stillness had fallen over the immense clearing in which the monstrous fire burned and the music played on .
va	O	' No , I 'm just very experienced , ' Chicky had said and the decision had been made .
va	I	I drank , and I pulled up my hands , Duke keeping his palm cupped beneath mine .
va	O	Kali knew that sounded bitter , but it was how she felt .
va	O	Meg linked her arm through mine and we walked to the living room .
va	O	He had Kara in his bed every night and he wanted someone else ?
va	O	It was odd , but it felt intimate : something I wasn 't used to .
va	I	They were lying on the end of the bed when he awakened , but he had no idea where the change of clothes had come from .
va	I	I had not been comfortable with that , but Luke had suggested that he could pay the whole rent .
va	I	Maybe I could get one more use out of them , but burning would be too good for the filthy garments .
va	O	His face had fallen almost to the ground , but there was no arguing with the elf .
va	I	It served as an advertisement for Lukas Carter 's craftsmanship and an ornate hand carved tree was always on the front porch .
va	I	I could see it , but I didn 't understand it .
va	I	I 'm still in the same position I was in earlier , so I know I just fell asleep and it 's still dark .
va	O	I nodded , and he turned without a word , disappearing back into the crack in the wall .
va	I	She wouldn 't know that , but he had no intention of hurting her .
va	I	I didn 't plan on it , and I didn 't tell him about the seething rage I felt during the transformation .
va	I	When I start to repeat myself , I get irritated , and I slog through the answers .
va	O	I hated to see her cry , and my hands instinctively reached for her .
va	I	She was stunningly beautiful when she smiled , but objectively , he thought she was average looking .
va	I	There was no call to discuss the matter and that was different .
va	I	I didn 't ... but I could have .
va	O	My God , he said his family was large , but this makes the Waltons look like ' orphans ' .
va	O	Both of the eggs were slightly bigger and thicker shelled than my own had been .
va	I	I know that it 's Knox and a snarl comes from behind me .
va	O	He almost laughed at the obvious outcome , but he refused to be merciful .
va	I	His stride became slightly erratic and his hands began to tingle .
va	I	The cell company couldn 't get a report on the number , but this could easily be how she communicated with the President .
va	O	We both loved Jace , and we both lost him .
va	O	Daphne gave an impish grin , and Belinda laughed down at her .
va	O	That afternoon was Jemma 's afternoon but it was also Talent Show practice .
va	O	The hawk is from the hills and the raven hangs out on the outer limits of the wastelands .
va	O	One corner of his mouth curled up , and she stiffened before turning back to Zoltan .
va	I	His hair was still combed in the usual way but his fringe was much shorter .
va	I	I 've had to begin avoiding her at school and even Gemma 's begun to notice something 's off with me .
va	I	I peed and I squatted a little .
va	O	The bruises on her face were almost completely gone and the shoulder was without pain although still tender to the touch .
va	O	Like she 's slipping away and I can 't hold on .
va	I	Still wasn 't back , and Lena had gone upstairs two minutes ago .
va	O	I want to kiss her but I know I can ´ t because Dante ´ s going to be there .
va	O	I met other people and she probably did too .
va	I	I should have been able to do it and it was just sex .
va	I	His eyes shone with hope , but Painter stared at Luca , who remained stoic .
va	O	I pound on the door with both fists , but he doesn 't so much as twitch .
va	O	I told my parents that he had more shows scheduled , and they 're still too frazzled by Norah to inquire further .
va	I	This time it opened and he tried the door again .
va	I	Melinda was just scooting out of the booth when Sean pulled her in for a quick , hard kiss , and Katie kissed Rafe .
va	I	I 'll live , but it 's bad .
va	I	There were also older ones , taken in Hollow decades ago , but there were the old photographs he had once been looking at .
va	O	Heads turned and strained eyes met mine .
va	O	She kept pressing it but Victoria was not out yet .
va	O	My eyes flew to his , and heat flooded my cheeks .
va	I	This title provoked her curiosity , and this is what my daughter saw when she opened the box .
va	I	The grip around her chest tightened , but she struggled against her captor , tried to smash her head against whoever it was .
va	O	The sound of her hooves relaxes my muscles and the trip is so smooth I feel like I 'm riding a surfboard over gentle ocean waves .
va	O	The roof was now as complete as the walls , and only the doorway remained .
va	I	He heard something else hit the wall behind him and Walt felt something brush the side of his head .
va	O	Luke said , reluctantly , and I had to admire him for his grace .
va	O	Pancakes weren 't a cure-all , but sharing them with Cohen would certainly make my day a whole lot better .
va	O	Traveling through time left her clothes all wrinkly , and she smells like she could use a bath .
va	I	She was bleeding badly and he wasn 't going to tell her that the bone was sticking out .
va	O	Something was in there that would hurt me , and he knew about it .
va	O	My head falls from side to side and my eyelids drift shut .
va	O	Jeff insisted on staying together whenever Jacqueline decided to leave but Blake was a proud man .
va	O	My weakness screams at me , but I have to do something .
va	O	Ethan 's concerned question drifted through the painful memories , and she blinked , turning in the direction of his voice .
va	O	I like adventure as much as the next man , but I 've had far too many brushes with death .
va	O	I scan the room , looking to see if she 's tucked into some corner , hiding , but she 's nowhere to be seen .
va	O	They could play hide-and-seek for a short while , but if they remained on the island , they would be found .
va	O	He couldn 't just abandon her , and he didn 't even know where to find this Sally she 'd mentioned before .
va	I	Vin had grown into the habit of burning a little bit of tin at all times , but it was distant .
va	I	Our parents had a strict rule about that , and it was a ten-minute walk through the woods .
va	O	Sage led , and Juanita followed .
va	I	Her bare feet slipped in the mud , and the first creature struggled on the hill .
va	I	Zook gasped furiously at the air and the grip on his throat released .
va	O	The monks came over to console them , but for such disappointment there was no consolation .
va	O	She tried to compose herself , but it was not without difficulty .
va	I	He began to chant and Geoffrey 's arms lifted .
va	I	He caught it in both hands and it hit him in the chest .
va	I	I were allowed to leave and she spoke once again before Jack .
va	O	I 'm not going to tell them and I know you won 't , either .
va	I	Rex is leaner , but Jack is taller .
va	O	It had a round window that looked out over the harbor , and it had one big bed .
va	I	Mike could see that she was , and the doctor had said she was still fragile .
va	O	His third effort missed , and the kid took over .
va	O	Travis seemed to be having as much fun as they were , and the sight of him made her want to smile .
va	I	He slipped out because he was concerned and we had him over while his mother was on the sting .
va	O	You 're going to relax , catch some Zs , and I 'm going to decompress .
va	I	The gown tangled around my legs , but I rolled in the snow , fighting to come to my feet .
va	I	Water rushed in to fil the vacancy and Air began to escape .
va	O	I turn away , not acknowledging him , and halfway down the hall I see Tabitha standing in her doorway .
va	O	I had to be still asleep in his car , or maybe the day hadn 't really happened at all .
va	O	I looked back into the rows and in every direction there were people .
va	I	I can see now I was just being used , and you aren 't what they claim you are .
va	O	The scene wasn 't messy and the drugs were still there .
va	I	I love you , too , and you said you love me .
va	I	With late night supplements it came to nearly thirty five pounds , and we took a cab back to my flat .
va	O	The women turn to look at me , but Pen keeps up her song .
va	O	Edwina has probably been telling and she hasn 't realized .
va	O	There was the sound of flint on steel , and the candle once more fluttered to life .
va	O	That struck him as a pretty old-fashioned offer , but he realized she wasn 't quite herself .
va	O	I felt his hand on my cheek and I looked up at his bruised face .
va	I	He got carried away with a knife , and he had told the doctors that he was trying to fix a recurring pain in his ankle .
va	I	At this point he felt it was too late for him to turn back , but Richard still had his reservations about Matt 's level of commitment .
va	O	It seemed that he made his final decision , and his oppressive uncertainty vanished .
va	I	He was badly frightened , all the same , but he thought .
va	O	He was breathing heavily and his pupils had dilated .
va	I	A ghost appeared riding a white stallion , and the beam radiated around the throne room .
va	O	It 'd been several minutes , and she was getting cold again .
va	O	My parents had traded cold Ohio winters for hot Texas summers , and they loved living in Dallas .
va	O	Noon was five minutes away , and I crossed my fingers someone would exit soon .
va	I	The Hun propped up the spear 's shaft on the soft soil to admire the picture in the rain and it was still burning .
va	I	They think they 've got that under control , but he had a lot of congestion .
va	O	Maybe your magic drew Jack , and he killed you .
va	I	The secretary nudged his back , causing him to stumble forward and Roger stood frozen for a moment .
va	O	It was a feeling he knew all too well , and he hated himself for making her feel it now .
va	O	He stood when he saw them approach , and Tara 's breath caught in her throat .
va	I	He hoped it was true , and it was a theory that he had only just come up with .
va	O	Well , you DO get that , but you also get a marketing genius .
va	I	It had a flaw but it was a good idea .
va	O	Hali wanted to say she had never before seen the injured man but something told her this could not be true .
va	O	A loud noise erupted from the depths of her stomach and I knew she was hungry .
va	I	I backed away , but rhys stepped forward again .
va	O	It 's covered in shrubbery , but there 's a small window .
va	O	He blows out a dramatic breath , tossing me a look of mock disapproval , and then he reaches out his hand to me .
va	O	Straining his eyes , he looked out , but it was hard to see who was sitting inside through tinted windows .
va	O	Stalker had suggested it before , and Longshot always rejected the notion .
va	I	There was nothing but senses blared with alarm .
va	O	The old man looked at her again , and she could feel how serious he was .
va	O	To his surprise , so did she , and it struck him that she had been imitating some American schoolmaster .
va	I	She pushed no further , but Blood began to seep where the tip of her blade rested .
va	I	He still didn 't see me but Mister Marengo , he looked around .
va	I	I sat back up , and Bastian stroked my hair .
va	O	Luckily the water was still running and the towels in the bathroom closet were clean .
va	I	My eyes stung as tears started to prick them and I knew I could not be strong much longer .
va	O	Vanessa heard it too , and she glanced in the same direction .
va	O	They made her kneel down in front of me and they made me hold the gun to her head .
va	I	The drowsy little head bobbled and the girl rubbed her eyes again .
va	O	Her tone was wry , but her temper was ice .
va	O	He sets me down and I find myself grinning at him .
va	I	Her very skin began to hum , and Lily 's heart began to hammer .
va	I	Then he asks about the people I met there , but I relax as he asks me about medical school .
va	I	Luther was not about to let her forget it , and she was doing awful .
va	O	Buck was the slowest and everyone else could easily catch up with him .
va	I	The Laundromat wasn 't busy yet and it was early in the day .
va	I	She stuck her chin out in the air with sheer determination , and seconds ticked by .
va	I	Her eyes said yes , but she snarled .
va	O	He pulled his mouth away from hers , and Dagmar realized her tongue had nearly followed him .
va	I	I don 't like it and he 's holding my knife .
va	I	The aircraft touched down , and the wheels bounced once .
va	I	He realized that he was probably never going to see his parents again and the true realization was beginning to set it .
va	O	I slept for an hour , [ they woke me after an hour ] , and I showered with the fragmented memory of strange dreams .
va	O	Chapter 10 Narrative continued I was having a quiet think and some afternoon refreshments when I had a most welcome visitor .
va	O	She didn 't even want to overhear it by accident , but that wasn 't possible in a small place like this .
va	O	I followed him into the woods and we walked for a long time .
va	O	The aura of the room was like a magnet , and he knew he 'd have to pry himself away .
va	I	She needed to exercise some control , and her sister would leave after tonight .
va	I	It was like nothing I had seen before , but a dorsal fin rose out of the water .
va	I	I saw that he couldn 't speak , and then he lay back on his bed .
va	O	Feet were planted in the sand on either side of him , and a sack of what seemed like lead sat on his chest .
va	O	He had believed that God was going to work a miracle today , but things were not looking that way at the moment .
va	O	The sound of hoof beats intensified , and the vibrations shook the soil beneath me .
va	I	Carrie hoped to meet Vaughn 's mother , but they hadn 't made any definite plans .
va	I	The ship couldn 't fly itself , but it might be a new frigate .
va	I	He refused to give her what she wanted , but he gave her only an inch , then two .
va	I	She didn 't want to give him cause to consider it , but Reid might not be able to decipher what it was immediately .
va	O	The video began to play and there was Lucy Taylor on her back , naked as the day she was born .
va	O	Normally I 'd feel bad but this time I don 't .
va	O	I put my arms around her and she kissed my face .
va	I	His were burning and his eyes came to mine .
va	I	Rooster exchanged a smile with Max , but that was patently untrue .
va	O	Horns blared and sirens barked .
va	O	Rage suffused his face and she could see the effort he had to make not to attack her physically .
va	I	We began our walk and he continued snacking on the apple slice .
va	I	Julie tried to tell him to run , and the world was moving in slow motion .
va	I	Gale 's assigned the real target , but everyone has at least one section of windows to blow out .
va	I	My anger soared , and she laughed at me .
va	I	The air was already warm and outside the clouds were thick .
va	I	She closed her eyes and his face pressed into her hair .
va	I	I couldn 't bring myself to talk to her , but she tried to call me a few times at the facility .
va	I	Her throat burned , and tears came to her eyes .
va	I	The tousled look he now has going on is terribly inviting , and he pushes a hand through his hair , messing it up again .
va	O	One took a step toward her and she shifted her aim toward him .
va	I	If he pushed her farther than she wanted to go , she had her safe word , and she knew he 'd never hurt her .
va	I	Lucio kept staring at him unafraid , but Cristobal roared standing in front of Lucio , his eyes being a head above Lucio 's .
va	O	They were at the side of a sharp drop , and Ahmet 's wheels went over it , taking his carriage down in turn .
va	I	The mystery in his eyes give me the guts Holly said I never had and Rex turns the corner .
va	O	She looked back at me with an odd , almost appraising look and I quickly covered my , once again , could be misleading statement .
va	O	Colonies were properly secured , and raiders thinned out .
va	I	I stared at shelves filled with bagged blood and he opened the refrigerator door .
va	O	Night was spreading and death was imminent .
va	O	Yes , I think , and the memory , like the tornado , also begins to take shape .
va	O	I took a quick step back toward the penthouse , but a hand caught me , whipping me back around .
va	O	The Isle has built a special place in my heart , and I will be sad to leave this place .
va	O	Rachel longed for the robe , but Ethan wasn 't done yet .
va	I	Blood rushed to her cheeks and he held it to his lips .
va	I	He curled his lip in triumph when he stroked one finger down my cleft and he shoved my skirt up to bare me completely .
va	O	The scream has died down a little but it 's still there .
va	I	My whole body began to ache again , and stroking the smooth surface conjured memories of him touching me .
va	I	The window shut promptly , and Thomas shook his head .
va	O	At least he could get back to his proper work and next Monday 's seminar would be the better for it .
va	I	It always goes unanswered , but Seth 's texted him a few times .
va	I	He grimaced instead and the grin faded .
va	I	When I instinctively reached for it , I tossed another off course , and one of the bags bounced awkwardly off my hand .
va	I	It seemed that the entire school had turned out to celebrate and the football team had won their game tonight .
va	I	At the time , she 'd thought it was , but the threat hadn 't been real .
va	O	I 'd acquired many books on Jesus , and they filled the shelves of my office .
va	O	The sun hadn 't risen yet , but the sky had turned a pearly , pale color .
va	I	Yours is so lazy , but Curiosity can be admirable .
va	O	She bent her knee up to her skinny chest and Boggs clumsily unwound the line from around her ankle .
va	I	I tucked his money into a slot under the cash register , and Sebastian insisted on paying me for the meal .
va	O	I bent down to stroke the cat 's ears and he purred in response , rubbing against my legs .
va	O	I 'm no natural storyteller but I 've a perfect memory .
va	O	We locked it when we came in , but it was unlocked again when I went to search the house .
va	O	There was a rumble within the narrow tunnel and before we knew it , an opening appeared where there was once a dead end .
va	O	The ascent to the next town made my thighs scream in protest , but the views were perhaps the most breathtaking .
va	I	We moved together in perfect sync and it was easy .
va	O	At first they suggest I be mayor , but I know that 's a hard job .
va	I	Lily stopped it , but he started to close the door .
va	I	His slanted eyes exposed his exhaustion and he was still in his uniform .
va	I	It suddenly listed to the right and a deep clanking noise vibrated through the ship .
va	I	It was this that finally silenced me , and it was the laugh of a madman .
va	O	' Oh hello Vivienne , ' she said and Evie couldn 't be bothered to correct her .
va	I	I 'm familiar with the charity , so let him know I 'll step in for him , but he was expected to say a few words .
va	I	They 'll find me and I 'll lose it .
va	I	One of them had just unlocked it for her , and two young uniformed guards were at the gate .
va	O	The brush of cold wind passed again , only closer this time , and it left a foul odor that carried the stench of death .
va	I	I 'm sure it 's like riding a bike , but it has been a long time since I have been on a horse .
va	O	They would have to talk about this new information , and Ruby wasn 't ready .
va	O	As his size increases , so does his power , and he does not stop eating until he consumes the person who initially awakened him .
va	O	My heart was pounding again , but I ignored it .
va	I	She soon realized why , and it was very large .
va	I	I looked away for a moment and she was in a small crowd of people moving the same way on the pavement .
va	I	The help of two fellow guards to subdue me , and it had taken him dagger , whip , chains .
va	O	Gunner was bleeding from about a dozen cuts , but he acted as if he wasn 't even aware of the injuries .
va	I	He was just like any other dragon that she had met , and he was solid .
va	O	Finn 's nostrils flared and he advanced on Cory .
va	I	He did , but I don 't know how Ben found out about Operation Furnace .
va	I	I didn 't say anything but I secretly wished he would walk closer to me .
va	I	He wanted me to have no doubts , and he could tell how scared I was .
va	O	He had to get a grip on this situation or it was going to get out of control .
va	O	I told you I didn 't want to , and you still wouldn 't listen .
va	I	When they looked inside , they weren 't surprised to find it completely empty , and the door of the shed stood slightly ajar .
va	O	Jackson opened the passenger door to let Chloe ride shotgun and she gave him a small smile .
va	O	It was our Happy Saturday today and they planned on baking cupcakes .
va	I	We were well into the second hour , but I didn 't know the exact count .
va	O	I knew for a fact that there were perfectly honorable members of the CPD , my grandfather among them , but Scott had a point .
va	O	I wanted to go back into the cell , to run away , but my body moved forward , like I was being called to him .
va	I	She 'd never see him again and he 'd be gone in less than a week .
va	I	I understand you 're leaving tomorrow and I just got back into town .
va	O	Mikey eyes Micha 's Chevelle and there 's a nervous look in his eyes .
va	O	The song has ended and my words seem to echo in the new silence .
va	I	The air was thin up here and my feet were aching in these boots .
va	O	The rain started hard , and then the lightning came .
va	I	She 's from the city Cleo says she 's from , and she looks a lot like her .
va	O	Miranda cared about him , and for him to ask for a break , when in fact he cared about her , too , was stupid .
va	O	I 've somehow made it through the day though , and each one that follows will be easier .
va	O	Captain Green also sent a runner north to try to pass this information to General Anderson , but no one knew if the message had gotten through .
va	O	They were looking closely at whatever one of them had brought to the conversation , and Jake was intrigued .
va	I	I think all ten layers have melted together because it 's so freaking hot , and it 's firmly wrapped in ten layers of plastic .
va	I	It only made her think about their relationship but he was trying to give her a compliment .
va	I	He was gone and I blinked .
va	O	She wouldn 't put him in the middle , but she desperately wanted to say goodbye to him .
va	I	The joyful absurdity of it just bubbles out and I look at myself in the mirror .
va	O	The guest unsealed her mouth to reply , but an equally alluring young man stepped near .
va	O	He looked at me and I could see a flicker of sadness in his eyes .
va	O	Not that she had a family , but the hotel didn 't know that .
va	O	Tim had gone to see Irwin when the order crossed his desk , and Irwin had blown up at him .
va	O	I didn 't know it at the time but I had dented a few of my canisters .
va	I	All will eventually die and all humans are forced to deal with temptation .
va	I	My limbs unconsciously became still and a small smile upturned the corners of my lips .
va	O	Ryan asked Percy , trying to smooth things over before his fiancee and his father 's friend came to blows .
va	O	I did not tell you the reason of my journey abroad , Mordecai , but I went to learn my parentage .
va	I	This wasn 't about her , but Simone burned as her desire tore through her .
va	I	He most definitely didn 't miss slavery , and he sure didn 't miss the castle .
va	I	She stood to greet her , and glancing over her shoulder , she saw Ducky moving cautiously closer .
va	O	He had plans to hide the future of a world from its people , and the kelp noted a heavy stink of greed about him .
va	I	The left had the same reaction and he stretched out the right knee .
va	O	The music stopped and we all applauded our success .
va	O	I tried to pull the neck of my shirt away from my skin , but it only seemed to make it feel tighter .
va	I	Jenn 's was slammed , but she wished that she could have had the day off .
va	I	I just wanted to get rid of her and I answered , because she was doing that staring thing again .
va	O	Frank started to answer but she cut him short .
va	O	We do not know who , but my family thought it was me , again .
va	O	None of the others noticed the change , but Pearl felt with certainty that he was aware of being moved .
va	I	She wriggles out of his grasp , but he seizes her by the waist .
va	O	Fog whispered in my hair , and I squeezed my eyes shut .
va	I	A dark brown liquid fil ed my cup , and I turned the knob .
va	I	The door was opened by a schoolgirl and eventually a light came on in the hall .
va	O	Commands were shouted from every direction and I couldn 't heart a word any of them were saying .
va	O	Clad in steel , they clashed with the ground shaking beneath them and he drove the Earl back where he was punctured by Scottish spearmen .
va	I	She could see the black shadows within and they were opened just a crack .
va	I	My thoughts lost focus and my gaze wandered over the expanse of taut cotton .
va	I	The camera shutter had stuck and it was as though nature had wanted to take a photograph .
va	I	She winced and a spring in the bed pushed into a sore spot in her ribs .
va	I	Sibyl 's heart sank and she smiled at Sibyl with knowing eyes .
va	O	I 'm desperate for additional sources of income and maybe he can pay .
va	I	I will continue as I must , but I thank you for your warning .
va	I	She 'd said so from the beginning , and she 'd wanted to keep it simple .
va	O	She was not sure how she found her voice , but there it was , wheezing out of her throat .
va	I	He shook his head , but I started to take it off .
va	I	I thought I might talk her into a double-header , but we had already played our three periods of hockey for the day .
va	I	I checked the left upper flank and Howard checked the right upper flank .
va	I	She looked so put together , and her faux diamond earrings sparkled .
va	O	I 've never made any pretense at being a saint , and there were people out there in the world who were inconvenient .
va	O	There was no guarantee my experience would let me survive , but if I stayed , I 'd die .
va	I	I will be fine and I know , whatever happens between us , Hyde .
va	O	The shooting had unnerved them and there was some concern about another attack .
va	O	Holly deserves to find PM this time around , and I 'm going to find him for her .
va	O	Her skin was electrified with blue sparks and her eyes shone brighter than the sun .
va	O	In the beginning there was only one , but that was all they needed .
va	O	I suppose there was some deep-rooted psychological reason for it , but that was no excuse .
va	O	The crowd control barriers paid only lip service to crowd control and an ecstatic crowd surged forward , heading towards her aircraft .
va	I	I ´ m pitted against him and I ´ m in an arena .
va	O	It 's been four years since I 've seen him , and he appears to have changed little .
va	O	Our gray world of rain had dissolved , and we were back in the real world .
va	O	Lucky 's voice was soft and she smiled at me sweetly .
va	O	He shrugs me off , but deep down he 's bothered .
va	I	I wiped my eyes angrily , and tears blurred my vision .
va	O	I 'd never been to Paris , yet this is what I imagined it looked like .
va	I	He understood her point , but he hadn 't liked the way she labeled Misty .
va	I	Before she could get out another word , Becky jumped in and Chewy easily heard the hatred in her voice .
va	I	Yet it has nothing useful , and this is one of the best libraries in the world .
va	I	She craved more , but four days had since passed .
va	O	So much for sneaking in unnoticed , and they got the beans from me .
va	O	I heard getting over your first love was hard but mine was down right hell .
va	O	His eyes slid closed , and he took a few deep breaths , feeling himself relax ever so slightly .
va	O	The first , named Cerberus , had three heads , and the other , his brother , had two heads .
va	O	He got the hint fairly quickly , and I thought it made him feel better that I was behaving like my usual self .
va	O	I had told him he didn 't need to come with me but he said he 'd like to .
va	O	The light was going , and if he crawled on the grassy bank , McBride reckoned he would be next to invisible from the lane .
va	I	She hadn 't really believed they existed , but she had heard of them , read about them .
va	O	She would not be able to remain with him , of course , but seeing his happiness could fuel her fantasies for years to come .
va	O	His mouth curled into a predatory smile , and his eyes flashed with a predatory fire .
va	O	Grandpa 's face grew paler by the minute and his bandage was even more soaked than before .
va	I	She had grown to detest it , and her husband had displayed just that sort of flirtatious charm .
va	I	It irritated her , and Jaxon knew she was looking up at him with stars in her eyes .
va	O	She was gaining inches and he needed to act .
va	O	She didn 't respond immediately , and it took little imagination for Daniel to know that she 'd bristled at his words .
va	I	I 'd never gone against it ; so why was she so ardent about reminding me and I got the message when I was little .
va	O	He apparently hadn 't expected that zinger , but he looked amused .
va	I	They 're starting with City Central , and apparently it 's working by area .
va	O	She 's been my constant companion for years now , but the sight of her body brought home to me how tenuous her current existence is .
va	I	Mr. Waldrop 's voice was more carrying , but she couldn 't hear what Kyle was saying , only the indistinct drawl of his voice .
va	O	I can 't think of any right this minute , but they will come to me .
va	I	It would be so much easier to have Drake disappear , and I 'd never used a cleanup crew before .
va	I	They had been a happy family , but his parents were poor tavern keepers .
va	I	He seemed to be ignoring her for some reason , but she tried striking up a conversation with John .
va	I	The sun was out , but the air was fine , fresh .
va	O	He didn 't want to lie to her , but in a way it wasn 't a lie .
va	I	Cheese practically fell out my mouth it was so fake and I smiled .
va	O	We think and God leads .
va	I	She had a fiery temperament , and he was not someone she could ever push around .
va	I	The smoke was still to thick for them to notice and they had been too concerned about keeping hid .
va	I	He said he never watches them , but I suggested one of his movies .
va	O	My friend Sawyer had shown up only a couple of years before , but even his dad had grown up here .
va	I	The old robot 's personality seemed to linger behind like a sour odor , but Nilo soon departed with his drone .
va	I	All went to their rooms for the night , and then they agreed they needed to keep their strength up for the next day of work .
va	O	He was giving everything to her , and she gave him nothing in return .
va	O	Her form was completely alien to me , but she had an unearthly beauty to her .
va	O	Several of them stood and the chaos unfold thinking that it had nothing to do with them .
va	I	They don 't believe me but I told the others you wouldn 't split on us .
va	O	Just the sound of his voice had her relaxing , and soon he was able to move inside her easily .
va	I	I could get my hormones under control and maybe then he 'd leave .
va	I	They hunched into each other in his wake , gossiping as they glanced at me , and two girls parted so he could walk between them .
va	O	She needed to connect with her family right now , and this was the only means available to her .
va	I	What choice did she have , but she didn 't , really ?
va	I	They crossed the street together and Parks came around to her side .
va	I	Harriet narrowed her eyes , and he bowed low , with a flourish .
va	O	I would have never left Bernstein on my own and down deep I was glad that they had fired me .
va	O	I only had a few minutes and I needed those minutes like I needed air .
va	I	A large , long-haired female cat came down the belt and the door opened .
va	I	The way he looks at me made me see he is worried about me , but his concern for me made his eyes glow yellow .
va	I	I do , but I didn 't think I 'd ever feel this way again .
va	I	She would never answer , never comfort me , but I wanted my mom .
va	O	He wanted to finish what they 'd started , but this wasn 't about sex .
va	I	Meredith was ready , but Caroline swung at Meredith .
va	I	She glided forward to offer me her own , and I raised my hand .
va	O	I knew the grade of steel in every girder used in this construction , and the type of concrete poured .
va	O	The sarcasm was dripping off of her but she sobered quickly , hanging her head .
va	I	If she 'd been in the way , he would have broken her neck , and his hand blurred through space where she 'd been .
va	O	A thick slab of wood suddenly came loose , and I stumbled back , feeling a little stupid .
va	O	Something was coming , something huge , but she couldn 't pinpoint from where .
va	O	She makes it sound like they 're divorced and he 's inviting me to spend time with him .
va	I	A new image appeared on the screen and he clicked his remote control once more .
va	I	He raised it back up before he got the chance , but Chuck thought about running while Timothy had his head down .
va	O	She stared at him as though he had grown two heads and she was confused over which one she should believe in .
va	O	He blinked at her , and a thick lock of dirty hair fell across one eye .
va	I	I pulled it from my face , staring at the screen and my phone beeped .
va	O	I believe God has a purpose for you , yes , but he rarely keeps us in the loop about such things .
va	I	She willed herself to stay calm for Abby 's sake , but fear made Autumn 's stomach tighten as she stood .
va	I	They were moving fast , but I couldn 't tell .
va	O	Matt 's gaze locked with Kayla 's and she knew exactly what he was thinking .
va	I	She stops short , but she turns to me fiercely as if she 's about to cuss me out .
va	O	She was busy rushing around the cabin and he stood in the door watching her .
va	O	A sheet covered her body , and a monitor beeped at her side .
va	I	She gave another gasp , and Heat rolled through her .
va	I	She laughs and the deadpan look washes away .
va	O	He steps back , still holding my hand and I can 't peel my eyes from his .
va	O	I love her , but she 's never met a person she didn 't want to lick .
va	I	Mercer stepped inside the bunkhouse , and at last heavy boots echoed against the steps that led to the front door .
va	O	I kept blowing it and it was driving your dog crazy inside the house .
va	O	I gasp again , and he strikes me a second time .
va	I	It wasn 't difficult to complete his task , and it was the exact same system .
va	I	He swooped down to her eye-level and his arms locked around her waist .
va	O	One breast popped free of her low-cut bodice , and she scrambled to cover it .
va	I	We drive home in silence and the boys both climb into the backseat .
va	I	Suddenly I want to teach her , and the corner of my mouth turns up .
va	I	They all love each other like crazy , and they 're spread all over the country now .
va	O	People have told me I 'll regret it when I 'm older , but at the time I got them , I really didn 't care .
va	I	I wasn 't sure he believed me either , but he didn 't tell me I was crazy .
va	O	We had been politely distant since his hire , but that was as much his fault as mine .
va	O	I 've been here eight days , and Michael has visited almost every day .
va	I	He slowly let me down and I squealed with laughter as his legs bumped into the bed .
va	I	He ended up stranded and Daniel kept a thousand dollars just in case something happened .
va	O	She 's got her hand resting low on her belly and her chin is tilted down .
va	O	He bore the scars of a tough life , and one of his blue eyes was permanently squinting .
va	I	Deni blushed harder , and the cop got a knowing look .
va	O	I can 't even think , and he wants me to commit ?
va	I	Mary couldn 't hold off her release , and Zeke ran his thumb over her clit .
va	O	Clara had expected Amber 's enthusiastic reaction , but she glanced warily at Gabrielle .
va	O	I still wasn 't entirely sure but I was tired of trying to deny something that was as natural to me as breathing .
va	I	He was too prone to doing right by others and he 'd had too much of that in his life .
va	I	When he reached in , he pulled out one of the hundreds of small red paper hearts I had cut out , and he did .
va	I	Our fabricated explanation of Bella 's injuries wasn 't among them , but her thoughts were still racing .
va	O	Moments later she called us , and when we entered , we found another feast waiting .
va	O	We walked to her car , and I got in .
va	O	He shuddered under my touch , and I felt powerful .
va	O	He licked gently , at first rather tentatively , at the wounds , and then ran a satiny tongue over them .
va	O	Fifi pulled the leash , and they both continued on their walk down Princeton Street .
va	I	I didn 't think I could handle a night behind bars , and I was already shaken .
va	O	Then they were at the entrance to the ballroom itself , and a footman with a magnificent wig was announcing them .
va	I	No one claimed him , but she checked with the neighbors to see if anyone was missing a scrawny tomcat .
va	I	The pull seemed almost too great to ignore , but she longed to look away from his eyes .
va	I	It 's close enough , but it doesn 't actually fit .
va	I	Maddie snickered , and the back seat in the Acura just wasn 't quite wide enough to accommodate them .
va	O	I shook my head , enough to move his grip from my chin and I bit down on his finger .
va	I	I probably wouldn 't have accepted if Arthur Smith had asked me , and I didn 't want to marry Aubrey anyway .
va	O	She 's no longer the Queen , but she still thinks like one .
va	O	You 're still letting the past eat you up inside , and all that anxiety takes a toll on those around you .
va	I	Denny had started applying for jobs everywhere and they had written him numerous letters of recommendation .
va	O	I waited for the reprimand , the disappointment , but I don 't think she could say anything .
va	I	I cannot remember but I say a name .
va	I	Even Dorian paused , and that brought some silence to the room .
va	I	The man studied him carefully , as though noticing him for the first time , and the boy watched him , curious , through the mesh fence .
va	O	There 's a wall heater beneath the window , and all you have to do is turn it on .
va	O	Her eyebrows rose in surprise and she nodded .
va	O	She was a handful right from the start and I couldn 't have done it without your running interference for me .
va	I	She gently touched it to steady it , and when Milos realized what she was suggesting , his hand began to shake .
va	O	It took me around a curve and I saw a wall of water coming toward me .
va	O	I lunged for the handle , and we fought in a tug-of-war .
va	O	I knew what I searched for , and I walked instead of misting there .
va	O	His mouth hints at a wicked smile and he won 't stop staring at me .
va	O	I sluggishly made my way through the snow on the ground and when I got to the parking lot , I saw Victor 's car .
va	I	We attend the festivities tomorrow and he can ride it back here .
va	O	I turned , and his arms dropped to his sides .
va	I	He decided to finish it and the sandwich was pretty good .
va	I	Wasn 't under thirty , but Jasper was starting almost from scratch in their business .
va	I	Colleen sighed with the thought , and they 'd already started trying to make their family .
va	O	She attempted to regulate her breathing to facilitate a calm exterior , but the effort made her dizzy .
va	I	It was exceedingly better than the stone floor , but it wasn 't as soft as the feather bed she 'd been sleeping in .
va	O	She was about to call out to the warriors , but the searing pain that racked her so suddenly had stolen her breath .
va	I	My legs were rooted in place , but I knew I should leave , that I should head straight out the door without looking back .
va	O	His breath stilled in his body and he could only stare at her .
va	O	Tavi had proven himself a threat , and the Cane turned to engage him .
va	I	Then , alarmingly , spread over to Alanna , and the flames engulfed Thomas .
va	O	I tried to swallow down the guilt cloying at the back of my throat , but it didn 't budge .
va	I	Claire stepped out of her rigid stance , replacing her gun in its holster , and Bruce relaxed , then .
va	I	They were simply too squished together but Julia tried to shut the door .
va	O	There is much evidence of a large force moving south and two hours ago we met a courier ship heading north .
va	I	The plume hasn 't arrived there yet , and the contamination level in tuna near shore to California has doubled in the last twelve months .
va	I	I 've nowhere near enough for all these , but my parasol 's acid worked on the mummy in Scotland .
va	O	His breath slow in returning , and he even feared the taste of blood in his throat .
va	O	Lorraine shuddered , and he laughed .
va	O	Sorrow consumed him , and more than once he was tempted to go back .
va	I	Kaylin yelled from upstairs and the doorbell rang .
va	I	He hadn 't yet detached himself from her and Ryland 's voice was loud in his head .
va	O	He strained to hear what she was saying , but he couldn 't make out the words .
va	I	His skin was a medium brown tone as a result of his Mexican heritage , and he wore wire framed round glasses .
va	O	I sat in silence for five minutes and the police officer still hadn 't returned .
va	O	Beaufort was their home , and looking around , he recognized everyone 's curiosity as something akin to familial love .
va	O	It 'd been five days since they 'd slept together and he hadn 't heard a single word from her .
va	I	Time has proven them successful in their endeavors , and my sisters didn 't want anyone to know about me .
va	O	Simon nodded and Mark threw his hands up in frustration .
va	I	She realized he was carrying her , and Donovan 's grip tightened around her .
va	O	She couldn 't help her weakening knees , or the emotions that were bubbling lose .
va	O	The rumor was started , and nothing could stop it .
va	O	The trail narrowed again and he dropped back .
va	I	She appeared to be asleep , but her back was to me .
va	O	The film continued but the crowd 's impatience loomed .
va	I	It was really good and we were both hungry .
va	I	For some reason a few episodes involving her were shown in ' Memory room ' in the Pocket , but I don 't know her .
va	I	Ten minutes later I 'm still waiting , but Tim says he 'll get her .
va	O	The men had sat him on the mattress , and Helen lay there flat on her back .
va	I	I didn 't ... but I could have .
va	O	That was the night when the freshman ordered their top houses and the actives made a bid list of the girls we wanted .
va	I	The water went down and the blockage finally broke .
va	O	I never wanted to lose your friendship , but I couldn 't give up Ty .
va	I	He stared at her , and his arms folded over his chest .
va	I	Her in box was full yet she 'd only been away from the office since the morning .
va	I	Those chasing us couldn 't get in , and those fleeing couldn 't get out .
va	O	She tried to compose herself , but her voice was shaking .
va	O	Well , I 'd seen that firsthand now , and it was pretty horrible .
va	O	I asked , and my voice echoed off the walls .
va	O	The Tolu picked up speed and the Tens struggled to hang on .
va	I	We both looked at it and I pulled out the tracker .
va	I	I thought he trusted me , and we always told each other everything .
va	I	Tick realized why , and his voice seemed louder than it should have .
va	I	It was woven within her core , but Kate jerked his body inside out .
va	O	Chris wasn 't sure what she had been expecting , but an open-ended question wasn 't even on the list of possibilities .
va	O	I loved New Order , but I had a Joy Division boyfriend .
va	O	My body objects to movement , and I collapse back onto the ground .
va	O	Vaughn shook his finger , and sheer insanity sparkled in his eyes .
va	O	He might be Mr. Badass , but she wasn 't a child .
va	I	I am far past such innocent hopes , but I used to dream of retiring on Venice Minor .
va	I	You give her whatever she wants yet she doesn 't listen to you .
va	O	The big civilizations give us more data , and although the Etruscan society was important , it wasn 't big compared to others .
va	O	The new blond rulers from the north were harsh masters , and disobedience was ruthlessly punished .
va	I	It was the complete opposite , but Claudia once said it sounded mystical to her .
va	I	I knew the look , and Gem looked at me .
va	O	My favorite music is techno , but I secretly listen to country when no one is around .
va	O	Gerald led the way down Bedford Avenue , and the rest of us followed at a few steps distance .
va	O	It 's late in the afternoon and the sun will be setting soon .
va	I	I have a hopeful smile and my skin is fair .
va	O	The dragon dropped to the ground with a scream and Izzy kept going .
va	I	I swam away from it , back toward the car , but I saw the lights of the city toward the surface .
va	O	Jeff eased back on the throttle and adjusting the cruise control to a steady seventy five mph .
va	I	They knew it , and their numbers were nothing compared to one Eddie .
va	I	She was sure he 'd be active any minute now , and it had been a good long while since her bounty had made a purchase .
va	I	I had little patience for sentimentality , but I remembered traveling on that train for the first time with Lola to spend a long weekend in Murcia .
va	I	In the car , I feel an age-old shame , and this memory , too , has stayed with me .
va	I	It was too late ... But Jesus , please .
va	I	I giggled like a ten-year-old , and my feet flailed in the air as they dangled over his right arm .
va	O	She frowned in surprise , but he was already gone , brushing past Luke in the doorway .
va	O	She didn 't want to let him know how much this was costing her , but talking about Jason always made her feel sick inside .
va	O	The carpets were sky-blue , as well and there were two couches , as well as several wide chairs such as the one she 'd claimed .
va	O	They didn 't bother answering him since they were still busy staring at her , but he didn 't really see what they seemed to see .
va	I	Bonnie realized that he was talking about himself , and he looked embarrassed .
va	I	You immediately corrected yourself and it was a gut reaction .
va	O	They 're poker buddies , sisters of the Wii , and Mari is a vaunted member of the karaoke contingent .
va	O	She might look soft on the outside , but no was not a word she recognized .
va	I	You definitely aren 't leading me on , and you aren 't taking advantage of me .
va	I	Her shirt sleeve had the dried remnants of pureed peas on it and the baby 's tummy was full .
va	I	Another waiter is passing with another tray , and I am finished with my glass already .
va	I	It was embarrassing me and Momma was beaming now .
va	O	Dara , I don 't know how to love someone , but I 'd like to learn to love you .
va	O	I pushed again and I saw the trigger on the trap jiggle .
va	I	It was closer to the truth than she knew , but I knew Anne meant that more figuratively than literally .
va	I	He spun to face me , and a huge smile lit up Robin 's face .
va	O	My voice sounds strained and I clear my throat .
va	I	She struck , and he moaned in ecstasy .
va	I	He knew it wasn 't over yet and he could feel the energy of the new life still growing .
va	I	I thought I had lost the connection , and there was a pause on the line .
va	I	I wasn 't going to point that out , but she didn 't sound one hundred percent convinced .
va	O	It 's wide and you can see the definition of all of the muscles .
va	O	The hub seems too small , not enough air , and the foreign design only amplifies my sense of alienation .
va	O	His hand was still looking for the light switch , and his mind did not immediately register what it was .
va	O	Her grimy shirt was torn away , by his own hands , and one white breast half bared from the struggle .
va	I	Even still he might regenerate , but Impact would splatter his organs , no question .
va	I	I told several that I was fine and nurses kept trying to bandage me up .
va	I	It 's true , but that sounds cold .
va	I	He looked as though he were going to be sick , and then his eyes met mine .
va	O	There was nothing of the girl I knew in her face , but I couldn 't bear the thought of having to kill her .
va	I	Elena had to restrain her , in turn , and Bonnie 's head came off Elena 's shoulder .
va	O	She nods , and I kiss her lips before heading towards the door .
va	I	Your daughter is perhaps more innocent than most , and I do not wage war against the innocent .
va	O	Liz shot a look at the kids but Helen was careful with the tone of her voice .
va	O	She 's done with me and I just have to live with that .
va	O	I love my brother , and I know he 's a great dad .
va	I	He hears it , but it is faint .
va	I	I had enough of the run around and mathis went to set a wine bottle on one of the long banquet tables across the room .
va	I	I woke up in a might bit of a sweat and we were both in a bottomless lake with golden cliffs .
va	I	They 've twisted it into something to be feared , rather than treated , but the epidemic is forcing the world to focus on mental disease .
va	I	I finally convinced him to do it but he was reluctant at first .
va	O	She could barely see them in the dim light , but their presence urged her insistently to drink .
va	O	Hands gripped my hips , and I was pulled upward until my body was seated on his lap .
va	O	It was a mess and people were milling around all over your hallway .
va	O	His body started to hum with increased desire , but he had to hold back so he slowed things down , which left her panting .
va	I	To reach it , we would have to cross thousands of miles of oceans , but it is a paradise .
va	O	Driscoll would soon be in San Francisco , maybe as early as next week , and she still had no clear idea what to do .
va	O	I watched Evan walk away , and I didn 't know what to do .
va	O	His mouth dropped open and his eyebrows shot up .
va	I	The Feed had since taken away the hurt , but at the time , his betrayal shattered me .
va	O	That always meant going for a ride and he loved going places .
va	O	His voice was edgy , angry even , but his hands were gentle as he stroked her hair .
va	O	She blinked several times and finally her face showed understanding .
va	O	I 've made so many mistakes , but you are not one of them .
va	I	He didn 't answer her , and Scott , however , was concentrating on the radio , reporting the details of where they were .
va	I	She had chores to do and her mother needed the water .
va	I	He took no notice , but it gave an alarming creak .
va	I	I didn 't believe him , but when I asked him about it , he told me he 'd had too much coffee .
va	O	Raphael wondered if Austin had gone mad as one mic picked up sympathetic resonance from the drums but Austin loved the result .
va	O	The house was a raised ranch , and the only bathroom was upstairs .
va	I	Mike answered before she could offer up anything , and Cara shifted in her seat .
va	I	For the first time since sitting down with her ex , she could think of nothing to say , but Beth opened her mouth to say something .
va	I	His fears were immediate , and she was by herself , which was rare .
va	O	I make the money quickly , and I enjoy it .
va	O	She had a light , but what good was it ?
va	O	She could feel the steady flow Byron fed her , but he stayed in the background , allowing the actual healing to come through her .
va	I	I let it go , but it seemed silly .
va	I	The crane was bent good , but balls ain 't supposed to do that .
va	O	Her eyes opened wide and she sniffed cautiously .
va	I	Dennis was one of the first to exit and the flight from LA was on time .
va	O	My heart rate picked up immediately , and I felt almost faint .
va	I	My breath comes faster , as if I have just run some great race and my heart begins pounding .
va	O	He 'd been running late all day , and getting to the meeting was no exception .
va	I	Rebecca phrased the words almost as a question , but the sentiment was correct , to be sure .
va	O	Curiosity would eat at me until I opened it , but I wasn 't sure I could handle a sob letter from her .
va	O	Patricia was very nice and Anna began to relax .
va	I	They could be important but other things may not be interesting .
va	I	She couldn 't but she tried to turn her gaze away .
va	I	We open the second one and Vanessa scribbles down the quantity .
va	I	Still so damn happy they would smile at you , but some starving .
va	O	A few seconds passed , and six battle clad men ran to the roller doors carrying deadly looking rifles .
va	I	She was glad for it and in the last few days things had gotten busy around the shop .
va	I	I trailed obediently along in her wake , and she strode off in search of breakfast .
va	I	His dark-brown eyes were on his mate alone , but the immense warrior gave a nod of greeting to Darion .
va	O	I followed her into the bathroom and after cleaning my teeth , I found her in the large bed with the sheets pulled around her neck .
va	I	Glory had been in a foul mood ever since , and that had been two weeks ago .
va	I	She could at least let her know about her man woes , but she might not be able to tell her sister about her money troubles .
va	O	Believes in Faerie crossings and never staying in one place for very long .
va	O	When it cleared , the figured moved forward , and I finally came face-to-face with Alicia .
va	I	I don 't get that vibe from her , but he thinks she has a thing for me .
va	O	Two yellow bowl-shaped seats were mounted inside , and two paddles lay tucked beside the seats .
va	I	I have to bully you to make sure you know to respect me in future , and you have slighted me .
va	I	Even the mattress had been ripped open , spilling straw onto the floor , and they were scattered everywhere .
va	I	Helen winced , and Mary announced .
va	O	The real Norman grabbed my hand , and I was astonished that I could feel it .
va	O	Her hands touched his arms to steady herself and her eyes followed , fascinated by the muscles underneath the smooth Egyptian cotton of his shirt .
va	O	Donovan hit the gas and we ran over them .
va	I	Her husband works there too and Ellie is a nurse there .
va	O	Bile rose in the back of her throat , and her eyes stung with tears .
va	O	Verlaine 's eyes went wide , but she didn 't move .
va	O	She turned at the end of the block and he had to almost run to keep up .
va	I	No one was able to conclusively disprove it , and they did a bunch of tests in the seventies .
va	I	The second didn 't come for them directly but a tendril flashed by overhead .
va	O	She flipped it on , but nothing happened .
va	O	She tried to pull back , but Levi held her tighter .
va	I	The truth was , she felt safe , but she should have felt resentful , cornered .
va	I	She did know that buses hadn 't existed centuries ago , but Henrietta was no history buff .
va	O	She squeezed Micah 's shoulder and he smiled up at her .
va	O	Travis jumped at the ferocity in Donovan 's voice , but Donovan needed his full attention .
va	O	He pushed her down and she climbed into the center of the bed .
va	I	I wasn 't sure I wanted to and I couldn 't move .
va	I	It sounded like Avalon knew where he is going , and at least for the second portion I would have company .
va	O	Let 's just say it was an eye-opener and he 's okay with it .
va	I	That much gas might be enough to get someone to their destination , and they weren 't far from the Montana state border now .
va	I	I want to build a life with you , and I trust you , Ryder .
va	I	It came out as a startled wheeze , but I thought I was going to yell .
va	I	He closed his eyes , and Jakob 's body was tense as he stood next to me .
va	I	They opened a grave silence and the last words were out before I could curb them .
va	I	We had gotten along well and I had met Jackson 's mother a few times .
va	I	The smile never reached his eyes but his lips stretched .
va	O	Two months in the development territories , one dark match before Burn and it was already time to do a program with Jumbo on television .
va	O	Her legs were so tired and her sweatshirt was almost completely dry now .
va	I	One eye was missing and one ear had been nicked .
va	O	I 'd almost died in a car crash once and I have had a major fear about cars ever since .
va	O	He nodded and she continued .
va	O	She 's usually good about giving advice and maybe she can direct me on what to do .
va	I	She averted her gaze away from him and he smirked as her cheeks turned red .
va	O	Only the Dream Cane knows what each person needs , and it matches the adventures with the right people .
va	O	Byron wasn 't expecting her to stop , and he bumped into her .
va	O	We were probably breaking some kind of law -- but I didn 't care .
va	O	The doors opened and two men emerged .
va	I	Otherwise she was absolutely motionless , but I could see she was breathing , so I was sure she was still alive .
va	O	The cemetery was empty at this time of night and it was utterly spooky to Faye .
va	I	My heart jumped , and the bell rang .
va	I	It had never been wrong , and my nose was as keen as anyone 's .
va	I	The straps holding it in place did their job , but it bounced slightly with each step the mule took .
va	O	Not that it mattered , but she wanted to know .
va	O	Speaking through a yawn dampened that prospect , but thankful y Jared could feel what I couldn 't adequately express .
va	I	His eyes were alive and his face was clear .
va	O	His big body thrashed on her couch until it bumped against the wall , and then he went still .
va	O	Slowly she moved toward the Haunter , and his goons backed away .
va	I	That had been a reckless , stupid accident , but yes , I had taken much from him .
va	I	That was the last thing I remembered and I felt a prick on my skin .
va	O	Zac grunted at Xavier , but his eyesight quickly returned to the screen .
va	O	We know about them but they don 't know about us .
va	I	It didn 't seem to her that downshifting had worked and they were coming up on the cars quickly .
va	O	She didn 't know , and then it didn 't matter .
va	O	Bring the money to the box and you can have your life back .
va	I	There was no saving him , but it took three days .
va	O	Steve screamed out in pain , but I wasn 't hearing him .
va	O	She was doing amazingly well , considering her track record , but the strain was taking its toll .
va	I	She pointed it at him and she had a small gun .
va	O	She thought she was too ill to see everything as it was , but she was mistaken .
va	O	I was confused about how a change of hair color could be so significant , but I never asked for clarification .
va	I	Surely the nurse wasn 't losing her marbles as well , but Bryony had thought that was because Jane was cracking up ?
va	O	She had no idea but she might not have put the condom on correctly .
va	I	He helped me ease on to the sofa , and he kept his arm wrapped around my waist until we entered the living room .
va	O	I should have been relieved our confrontation was over , but the lump in my throat hadn 't gone away .
va	O	My parents were dancing together and the smile on my mother 's face made me light up inside .
va	O	A hush had fallen on the group , and clusters of them stood together , whispering .
va	O	Frank wasn 't doing a very good job of supporting his own weight and he seemed to get heavier with every step .
va	I	It was just as likely they were brown , but with that dark hair , blue would be mesmerizing .
va	I	Modern science knew better , but in the olden days , people would have said the boy was possessed .
va	I	She imagined that in real life he was charismatic and in the photograph they gazed out at her warmly .
va	O	Just thinking of all the delicious Southern food made my stomach rumble , and I realized as I rang off that I hadn 't eaten breakfast .
va	I	It was too dark outside , but Lacy looked at him , trying to read his expression .
va	O	He 'd earned a thousand other punishments just like this one , but he 'd always recovered .
va	I	He was lying to himself but he kept telling himself that he didn 't care about the verdict .
va	O	I 'm not sure about this , but I don 't have anything better .
va	I	He trusted Shay to hold up her end of the battle , but he could hear the same sound coming from behind .
va	O	I rolled up my sleeves and it was when I noticed I was still in my uniform .
va	I	She knew she 'd get no farther and Steel blue eyes clashed with hers .
va	O	She took a seat next to him , and the two started kissing .
va	I	It was excruciating , and he seemed to be following his own schedule to reveal information to me .
va	I	I glanced up at him , and his voice softened , just fractionally .
va	I	I used her language instead of theirs , but I picked it up from them .
va	O	The elevator , however , had come and already Iran was trotting inside .
va	I	He would have made it , but you did shoot his wrist .
va	O	I give him hell , but Sebastian 's a better sort than most .
va	O	Cold comfort in the light of what has happened , but it was something .
va	I	Without it the whole force would come to a standstill but he hated dealing with the bureaucracy .
va	O	Louisa listened to the speech in the same shock , but color returned to her face in a furious flush .
va	I	That may be only because I have no other slick , self-assured Belgian to compare him to , but he sounded like Hercule Poirot .
va	O	Recess time was over and the class had to go to the classroom situated across the principal 's office .
va	O	Crawford agreed and we spent the next two hours going around to all the different apartments in the building , being introduced to the tenants .
va	O	He followed me , and I could hear my bedroom door closing .
va	I	A door slid open and it blinked once .
va	I	Then she smiled , and her lids fell .
va	I	She never wanted to walk through them , but any door would have been open to her as the daughter of Corry Salinas .
va	O	I was just thinking that they have an awful lot of security and there 's something I don 't like about that guard .
va	I	He quickly rolled the scar out of view and the barmaid behind his chair began to speak .
va	O	It was still unsatisfying compared to human blood , but its flavor was at least less revolting to me than the former two .
va	O	Hugh was certainly waiting downstairs by now , and she couldn 't wait to see him .
va	O	He had a point about the beer but I wasn 't about to let him know that .
va	I	Still he ached for her , and she was a lesser species .
va	I	I must say it is still a surprise to see , but kevin , we had assumed you would be a Guardian .
va	I	He had to leave , but she wasn 't happy with him .
va	I	We all crept back down the hall to the intersection and Joey signaled to back up .
va	I	Instead I turned into Snow White with hair on my chest , and all I wanted was eighteen holes of golf on Saturday afternoon .
va	O	I did it once for my father , and it didn 't take .
va	O	The water wasn 't very deep but it was very toxic .
va	I	I 'd managed to prevent Jackie 's murder , but I 'd seen a glimpse of my possible future .
va	O	He became worse the following days and they told him to rest .
va	O	Her shoulders shook and his hand automatically rubbed out the tension .
va	I	He was tempted to try , but he had never tried to push someone for the truth before .
va	O	Fitch knew Fernandez , number twelve , would have the magazine , but the sight of it was still a jolt .
va	O	Rage consumes her , though , and she 's losing her composure .
va	I	What she needs is for you to have a clear , level head , and if you start entertaining worst-case scenarios , you 'll lose your sanity .
va	I	I 'd been having a pretty good time , but I could 've gone out the window earlier .
va	I	When Keeley was satisfied he 'd taken enough , she motioned for Ewan to lower Alaric back down , and Alaric obediently swallowed .
va	O	He went to put his hands around his own neck , but his joke was halted by the pain in his wrist .
va	O	Of course they were thrilled that they 'd be grandparents again , but Mr. Daniels had wanted the ring to come before the baby .
va	I	It sent a cold shiver down my spine , and the word vampire hissed off of his tongue .
va	O	I was at the door of the room , and I looked in .
va	I	Gan caught the nervous fumbling as she unfastened her cloak 's hood string , but she spoke calmly enough .
va	I	Their exit would signal the start of a lot more flying , and they would have the entire system working in two more weeks .
va	O	Mikaela had such big dreams , but no way to make them come true .
va	O	My father was an attorney , but he was raised by the most frugal individual on earth .
va	I	Then picked up a knife each , ready to cut it when Dad said something and we blew out the candles together .
va	O	I kept walking , drawn to what , I do not know , but I could not stop .
va	O	It was enough to be included and he 'd enjoyed observing his roommate in action .
va	I	The idea of putting anything into her stomach was enough to make her insides twist in protest , but she was hungry .
va	O	Poseidon smiled , but the curl of his lips faded quickly .
va	O	She was smiling as she leaned over a cake dotted with an incredible number of candles , and Travis had been at her side .
va	I	She was dry inside , but she would have cried .
va	I	The whole place was swathed in deep shadows despite the midday sun outside and no lamps were there .
va	I	Her gaze dims and her smile fades .
va	I	He began to march to his sister , and his hands let go of me .
va	I	It had nearly cost me everything and I had made that mistake before .
va	I	For some reason he couldn 't take his eyes away , but he knew he was staring at her .
va	I	It should be somewhere deserted , but he can pick the place .
va	I	Whatever we said , we wouldn 't keep in touch and he would be gone soon .
va	I	I worry that we may have pushed too far and there is no response .
va	I	They always kept their promises and none of the Shadow children ever took one lightly .
va	I	I want him supervised at all times , and he 's highly intelligent .
va	O	She had dimples on both sides of her luscious mouth and her cat-like eyes twinkled as if she knew all the funny secrets in the world .
va	I	I wouldn 't trust the outward appearance , but they didn 't appear to be armed .
va	O	We told him to bring you home at any cost , but that only distanced yourself further from your only family .
va	I	She was cast adrift , and the way to Elsewhere had been severed .
va	I	The engine only attempted to turn over , but Geo ticked the key .
va	O	She could hear his voice , but not what he was saying .
va	I	He took a moment to regard it and he sword slipped silently from the scabbard .
va	O	I just wish I had someone else to take my mind off it , but then I might make some of my typical bad decisions .
va	O	He 's invited us and I 'm going .
va	I	My arms ached and my body shook .
va	O	There was a young woman who lived with them for years , but they were not mutated into this form as they are now .
va	O	The monitors showed that their hearts were beating , but their brain waves were flatlined .
va	O	He had to work to contain his rage , but he also wanted them all to see just how furious he was .
va	O	He shakes St. Clair 's outstretched hand , and then he 's already pulling me away .
va	I	I needed what I had and I 'd only been allotted a small amount .
va	I	He took it , and she held out her hand .
va	I	My stomach knotted , and her cool fingers slipped into my hair .
va	I	The lock-on of the torpedoes can 't be fooled but the submarine tried desperately to lure the torpedoes away from them .
va	I	I 'm a bit shy , but I like them very much .
va	I	A discussion arose as to her fate and he took her to the ceremonial house .
va	I	She didn 't see any paper to write on , and it was too complicated for a verbal message .
va	I	He merely flicked her breast with his tongue , pulling back as he rolled over , but she arched closer .
va	O	I 'm twenty years old , two packs a day , and if I don 't quit I won 't see fifty .
va	I	He breathes through his mouth , his lower lip jutting out , and there is something on his forehead that looks like soot .
va	O	My heart plummeted and I felt sick .
va	O	Staying here seemed like a waste of time , but he didn 't know where else to turn .
va	I	Squirmed to a sitting position on firmer ground , and I rolled over , dislodging Grenville 's hold .
va	I	The car slowed to a stop , and then brake lights flashed .
va	O	A fragment of a thought struck her , and Melissa slowed the car .
va	O	I felt myself panic and I began to shake .
va	I	They 'd moved in almost two years ago , and she still didn 't know the names of the couple who lived to the right of her .
va	I	The head cut her off , but Rachel opened her mouth to respond .
va	O	There are wonderful people I met online and I would like to thank them all .
va	I	She couldn 't help a pout of frustration , and her lips tingled as he lifted his head .
va	O	He stopped and I stared into his green eyes with laughter in my eyes .
va	I	His eyelids lifted and the door opened .
va	I	He couldn 't remember what , but he was falling towards something .
va	O	I asked him , and Nori spun the latte cup in his hand , letting the silence stretch on for some seconds .
va	I	At that moment , Rachel realised just how burdened her father was and he let out a deep breath .
va	O	His mouth still tasted of spoiled blood , but the pain was gone .
va	I	There was no mistaking its presence , but it disappeared quickly .
va	I	She spotted Reginald right behind her with several of the men , and a shout made her glance over her shoulder as she charged into the woods .
va	I	Cassidy was doing it , but Diego never knew that leopards could purr .
va	O	It had a flat tire , and the other was torn up .
va	O	She knew she 'd spoken too loudly , but Stefan didn 't try to quiet her .
va	I	The noose was strangling me and it felt like the floor went out from under me .
va	O	You know me hardly at all and yet it seems perfectly natural to me that I place my hand on your thigh .
va	I	The sound was gone in an instant , but she fell to one knee , grunting .
va	O	I concentrated on the spot but my eyes wouldn 't focus .
va	I	Her fear of fainting left and nothing moved .
va	O	We obey and the machine resumes its path .
va	I	I sank to the white marble floor and my legs gave way .
va	O	It would take several years to reach their goal , but the women were patient .
va	O	The thing kept coming closer , but I couldn 't do anything .
va	O	Philip 's skin crawled and his heart sped up .
va	I	It sounded louder this time , more insistent , and the doorbell rang again .
va	O	The void had taken him , but something had sent him back .
va	I	Emerson sent a patrol car to pick him up and Gary agreed to close the store for the day .
va	I	His cold eyes never moved from her face but his own remained bland .
va	O	She talks into her cell phone , but her voice seems so loud she doesn 't need it .
va	O	My hand reached out as if to touch him , but I drew it back , embarrassed by my reaction .
va	O	He lost the chance of an afternoon with her , but the massages were an integral part of the cure .
va	O	The stuff enhances psychic talents but it 's badly flawed .
va	O	The idea had been to woo the many angry French still living there into becoming allies against the English , but the move failed .
va	I	They were quickly ushered into a tan , beat-up SUV , but after landing , Kenny tried to show Leah the video .
va	O	I hoped using his formal name would remind him he was my teacher , but instead , Ashton just laughed .
va	O	He saw it , too , and his grin grew wider .
va	O	A lump formed in her throat and she grasped for words .
va	I	It had ceased firing , but it was still there .
va	O	They are your imprints on the universe , and they can never be erased .
va	I	All will be well and remember your duty to her .
va	I	I shoved at him and Horror ripped through me .
va	O	She heard rustling outside , and then Garrett appeared in the open doorway .
va	O	They walked around the corner and Martin pulled up almost immediately .
va	O	By now the alarm had been raised and the other soldiers were also defending themselves .
va	O	My ex-husband is a Realtor , and I remember wondering if he knew him .
va	O	His mouth opened slightly , and his pupils were so dilated the green was almost gone .
va	I	She didn 't care , but they thought her standoffish , probably called her a bitch behind her back .
va	I	Firm commands given by experienced soldiers , but not the panicked , frightened warbling from the warriors we had killed .
va	I	I 'll be home before dawn and Barth will deliver me safely .
va	O	Chewy shuddered and Clint continued .
va	O	She was still fearful , but the panic was ebbing .
va	O	Fear that my mom would lose her job and he 'd have to share the proceeds of his water park with two families instead of one .
va	I	Now little more than inertia held them in place and the wind had worn away most of the mortar between the stones .
va	O	Sawyer grumbles at me , but I don 't care .
va	I	At least the sharp pain he 'd experienced at first was no longer more than an ache , but he was still sore .
va	I	I catch it without thinking , and he tosses something to me .
va	I	His knuckles were white from clenching and Alonzo 's face was red .
va	I	The tips were awesome and the place was upscale .
va	O	A chain spears across Rift 's vision , and before the boy can react , his neck hits the metal like a clothesline .
va	O	They topped a treacherous ridge , probably impassable to humans , and Darling found himself looking down into a deep caldera .
va	O	Sure the level of gossiping had subsided a bit , but it was still there .
va	I	His heart seemed to be in the right place but he may not have been the most effective preacher .
va	I	Eventually his instincts would lead him where he had to go , but he didn 't know what he 'd missed , if anything .
va	I	He was starting to worry and it had been three days .
va	I	It went against every fiber of our being , and we lived like prisoners .
va	I	He is very excited about developing more stories in the Open Channel Saga and Open Channel is Daniel 's first published work of fiction .
va	I	The deep loneliness imprinted on that handle took the sting out of my anger over his dire predictions , and it was Maximus 's room .
va	O	The whole operation took about five minutes before the alarms were turned on again and the staff moved into the next section .
va	O	There was no news on Mom , and it was after nine .
va	I	Elliott 's head appeared in the doorway and the door to the room creaked open .
va	I	They met again and she called him two days later .
va	I	Sanya stepped up to the door , and the winch reeled back in .
va	O	She missed her sweet angel Celia , and she hurt so badly for her boy too .
va	O	His iron pavilion was at least a mile out on the plain , but the sound of his raging came to us quite clearly .
va	O	She has a half sister at her father 's house , and I 'm due in three months , so she 'll have another sibling .
va	O	She knew something was different about Benji , but she didn 't want to believe it .
va	I	The buzzing was persistent but I wasn 't going to answer it .
va	O	I said I would accept anything you were willing to give , but I won 't .
va	O	I knew Chloe my whole life and she still goddamn threw me away .
va	O	I age without you and I regret not going with , not following you .
va	I	Josie 's mind was elsewhere but she could hear Linda 's voice .
va	I	She lived alone and it was in the master bedroom .
va	I	It was still strange to get used to , but I knew that was the point .
va	O	She shared the clean-up role in her family , and she would appreciate the relationships that drove him .
va	O	No telling how many Freaks were out there , but they knew they 'd trapped their prey .
va	I	I was burning air much faster than normal and my excitement had drummed up my heart rate .
va	I	He didn 't pin all his hopes on it , but Arthur had an idea on how he could find information on Dugin .
va	I	The humans would be all exterminated and I knew a war was coming .
va	O	I 'll search Scott 's room , and you 'll keep a lookout .
va	I	That wasn 't the whole of him but Fade tried to be gentle with me .
va	O	Only two rides to go , and time was running out .
va	O	He was a nervous wreck , but what he said made sense .
va	I	It could only have been Rachel , her neighbor , and someone had been in her garden .
va	O	I asked , and he shrugged .
va	O	The phone continued to ring several times and Zayne still didn 't answer .
va	I	When he does , sweetness reigns , but the odds are 2 to 1 against him getting a hit .
va	O	Her skin was warm and she smelled like home .
va	O	There won 't be a speck of you left , and the world will be a better place for it .
va	I	A slow smile spreads across his face and he angles forward , meeting my eyes .
va	O	What I did is temporary , and I only did it so you wouldn 't be ashamed of your weakness .
va	O	The thought made Ty 's smile grow warmer , and he brought Zane 's hand up to kiss his fingers .
va	I	I was no longer blind to their experiments , but they had experimented on me like a rat in a cage .
va	I	I couldn 't break off to search for him , but sometimes I thought I heard his voice calling out orders .
va	O	She looked at me for my reaction , but I simply shrugged .
va	O	He makes an exaggerated show of turning away , and I pull the dress over my head .
va	O	This preacher might seem like an angel to you , but he 'll hurt Zion .
va	I	She couldn 't process them , but Gabby heard all the words .
va	O	The bell rang shortly after and she couldn 't get her kids to lunch fast enough .
va	O	Maria came up and I put my hand to her snout .
va	I	You would have been pissed off in reading it and there would be no real point to the novel .
va	I	He nodded , but his look told her that he wasn 't certain of her motives .
va	O	Getting closer to the floor lessened what she could see but she had no choice so she looked lower .
va	I	I returned the smile , and he smiled .
va	O	I thought about it sometimes , as we drifted apart over the years , as Toby faded into obscurity and I became an inexplicable social success .
va	I	It was nowhere he wanted to be , and he could see where this was headed .
va	O	I don 't have a perfect grade point like you , but I have no doubt I 'll get into law school .
va	I	I didn 't bite , but she was baiting me .
va	O	His jaw clinched and his lips pursed together .
va	O	Standing up for your principles and setting out on your own .
va	O	She did not have an alibi and her husband 's infidelity gave her a classic motive .
va	I	I follow her with my stupid arm taped to my side , and Becca moves toward the stands .
va	O	His fingers linger on my cheekbone and he 's looking into my eyes , terrified .
va	O	Even Clovis at the sheriff 's office had been aloof around her , and she still wasn 't quite sure what to make of Carmichael himself .
va	O	I 'd taken off my collar before showering , and he clasped it back around my neck without a word .
va	O	The rain had stopped but darkness cloaked the woods .
va	I	The recorder was prepared and once completed , I was marched by two officers from my cell to the interview room .
va	O	Her hand twitched again and I gripped the bottom of my seat , holding my breath .
va	O	She pulled the panel towards herself and it continued to open .
va	I	Time suddenly stood still and Helen let her eyes travel to the right page .
va	O	You are a wonderful man , and you 've been a wonderful friend to me .
va	O	Eventually he 'd need help beyond what Melrose could offer and three good additions stood facing him .
va	I	She was still a step ahead , but they might think they were clever .
va	I	It spread with luscious warmth all through her , and what she swallowed was richer than chocolate , smoother than cream .
va	I	Because he 's ... what , her familiar , and okay , so we take the cat out with us ?
va	I	Both were gone , and another white-hot flash .
va	I	This time , she was the one who shook , and she splayed her fingers on my chest .
va	O	We discussed exactly how big , and it was all I could do to keep my mouth from dropping open .
va	O	She said she 'd needed air , and he 'd let her go , giving her space .
va	I	My lips trembled , and this little detail about our life together tore at my heart .
va	I	The light had changed and he looked in his rearview mirror .
va	O	She asked for the key to the chains and I told her where it was without hesitation .
va	I	Alice nodded , and asked Ted .
va	I	She didn 't want to accidentally run into Mark but Jamie briefly considered walking around the neighborhood just to get away from the room 's four walls .
va	O	She was usually strong but today she was frazzled .
va	O	Jack wasn 't a patient man , but he knew he needed to have patience here .
va	O	Iona rolled away and to her feet , then she stretched , arms above her head .
va	O	The man was breathless when he reached us , but he still managed to make his words intelligible .
va	I	Dutton was befuddled by it , and Anne married wisely .
va	I	One thing you must learn is to be in the moment and this is war .
va	O	Forgiveness might seem minor to humans , but it 's huge in our world .
va	O	Reginald considered spitting in the man 's face , but it seemed like too big of a cliche .
va	I	She was so appreciative of that and I had a fantastic relationship with her .
va	O	He might not have killed Benjy , but he 'd still put both of us through this .
va	O	My fingers touched paper , and I pulled it out .
va	O	I don 't recognize the place , but perhaps we took a different line earlier .
va	O	Jake went instantly tense beside me and he shifted uncomfortably in his seat .
va	O	we both asked , at the same time , and we both laughed .
va	O	It looked like the last day of school , but it was already a week before Halloween .
va	I	A life lived without chasing its destiny may as well be death , and we 've all got our destinies .
va	O	I was glad that she didn 't know who I was and she was showing me how she treated the patrons of the club .
va	O	Each of us would say our fondest memory of my mother and we would wish her well in the afterlife .
va	O	Dim light spilled through the windows , and a faint red glow came from the smoke alarm over the closet .
va	O	She would normally be embarrassed to show any weakness , but she cared enough for me to lower her defences .
va	O	I saw the kerosene trucks coming , kicking up dust , and men running alongside with makeshift disembarking stairs .
va	I	I was lying in bed and it was the middle of the afternoon .
va	I	It no longer affected me like it had only minutes before , but it was saturated with the scent of my mother 's blood .
va	O	He set the drink down in front of me and I took a sip .
va	O	Lucian was a Minister , but he was no god .
va	O	Nathan even manages to work up a few more tears , and Slade zooms in for a close-up .
va	I	It disappears as quickly as it arrived but I feel warmth trickle through my head .
va	O	He was fading but she now knew where he was .
va	I	His anticipation returned and the weight lifted .
va	I	Ren was always welcome , but to be honest , he hadn 't been expecting company on this particular winter day .
va	I	I still didn 't turn , but he strummed a little louder .
va	I	I caught them before they hit me in the face , but I almost spilled my coffee on my sweater .
va	I	He had to do something , but it seemed a fragile defense against the crazed Shed .
va	O	It 's too dangerous for her now , and she must bury herself deeply in hiding .
va	O	She 's either still asleep , or I need to get closer .
va	O	I turned my head slowly toward him , and our eyes met .
va	I	That 's it , but sure some fish were nice to him .
va	I	He could feel all the strength draining from his body and he was starting to see stars spark in front of his eyes now .
va	I	I nearly agreed with Aunt Tatiana until I took a moment to mentally replay what Sydney had said , and my temper started to flare .
va	O	The sun has just barely set , and there are only a few kids out here .
va	I	Her dark cloud of hair was wet where tears had fal en into it , and her lips were parted .
va	I	It was the draft counseling that had gotten her mother killed , wasn 't it , but she could have gone on reading about AMP ?
va	O	I 'm a private investigator looking into Ethan Becker 's death and I thought Audrey would know something .
va	I	I smiled , and she opened her eyes .
va	I	It only moved a couple of inches , but Kelly pulled the seatbelt to fasten it .
va	I	She accepted it from her maid with a grateful smile and a moment later a glass filled with red liquid was held out to her .
va	I	I adore her and Rebecca ( Becky for short , as she hates being called Rebecca ) was also one of my other best friends .
va	O	She was a terrible bully and her parents are no better .
va	O	His head descended and his lips captured hers .
va	O	Her face swelled with rage and she pulled her arm back as if to throw something .
va	I	The glaze of pain was fading and he watched her , happy to note that her color was returning steadily now .
va	O	It was very good and the gravy was excellent .
va	I	They always had an agenda , but they never had an appointment .
va	I	She began to sob in earnest , and whatever haze had silenced her passed .
va	I	I roped a leg of the tights around his neck , tugging back with all my strength , and he stepped through the doorway .
va	O	Eleanor had sweetly surrendered to him , and he 'd experienced something beyond price .
va	O	Sometimes Sloane took sex seriously , and sometimes she didn 't .
va	I	She traces the tattoos that decorate my arm from wrist to shoulder , and her fingertips touch my forearm lightly .
va	I	Amanda did the same and Senator Ritter stood .
va	O	He was relentless , but then , she had always known that .
va	I	Instead , I obey , but I need to run .
va	O	A few , long minutes go by and the question still hangs in the air , unanswered .
va	I	A piss poor one at that , last Cain had heard , and Lucifer was a guardian .
va	O	It was exactly how she envisioned to pass through into such a beautiful home , but she carefully reminded herself of why she was there .
va	I	This time , he pressed it to his erection , and then he picked up her hand , dragged it to him .
va	I	I could tell it was still going to be too small , but I pressed the button that opened the door all the way .
va	I	Her face became more serious , and she looked up at Abigail .
va	I	She nodded , but her face held disgust .
va	O	Something I wasn 't fond of witnessing , but it couldn 't be helped .
va	O	She 'd tried to spend time alone with Jason , to talk to him , but they hadn 't connected all week .
va	O	I studied the hand that now lay in my lap , thinking it would at least look red , if not blistered , but it looked normal .
va	O	She had hoped Riley would be that way ... but the curse tainted him , made it harder for him to accept goodness .
va	O	Ronan fussed over the wasp for another few moments before he said anything , and when he finally did , he didn 't look at Gansey .
va	O	Something exploded , and I jumped backward , my hands flying up in front of my face .
va	O	The images of the giant trees she projected into his mind immediately stopped the complaining , and she stepped back into the shadows .
va	I	She could tell by the angry look in his eyes that he wasn 't making it up , but she 'd ask if he was serious .
va	O	Her eyes flickered and she glanced away .
va	O	Nathan storms out of my room , and the master bedroom door slams shut .
va	O	Kara felt her eyes well up with tears , and they started plopping freely onto Simon 's chest .
va	O	Casey suddenly grasped Amanda 's meaning , and it struck her like a blow .
va	O	Laurel knew she could summon that idea if she wanted to , but she didn 't .
va	O	You say you know about them , but I think you do not know everything .
va	I	I grabbed her chin and she hugged me closely .
va	I	The guilt from feeding off her , well , that didn 't help either , and it was the stress starting to get to him .
va	I	He looks like he wouldn 't mind a disappearing act either , and I want to shove Cricket back behind that Hell 's Angel .
va	O	We only have this little window and when it closes , that 's it ?
va	I	When he opened them back up , she saw something she 'd never seen before , and he shook his head , closed his eyes .
va	I	The weather was still beautifully warm each day , and we had come to the end of October .
va	I	It took the boys a while to toughen up their muscles , and Steel swords were heavier than the wooden toy swords of their childhood had been .
va	I	She wanted someone to know if he suddenly tried to throttle her , and Peter had a hair-trigger temper .
va	O	He 'd found her and he 'd never lose her again .
va	I	Bullets can pierce , and Steel can slice .
va	O	Only Marlon knows what I 've done , and you must not let that secret out .
va	I	Wade had gotten the gist , but he hadn 't been able to go into detail over the phone .
va	O	He topped Samuel by at least two inches , and his skills matched the Warriors of the Blood .
va	I	She wasn 't a bartender by trade but she narrowed her eyes to gauge his preference .
va	I	I accepted it absently , biting off each end before I realized what I was doing , and Cassidy offered me one of her Red Vines .
va	I	Cody gave him one and Dale held out his hand for high-five .
va	O	I jerked to a stop , realizing that I was moving forward , but my laundry bag wasn 't .
va	I	It lists the types , but according to this , there are about 10 Swords in existence , of course !
va	O	A winding trail leads to the peak of the volcano , and about a third of our group eventually made their way to the summit .
va	O	It 's completely irrational that it bothers me , knowing that he loves me , but part of me wishes he didn 't have a past .
va	O	It 's not ideal , but nothing is ideal anymore .
va	O	Not wanting to keep Tara on the phone , I had called Shane , and his instructions were surprisingly clear given his current condition .
va	I	Right now I 'm working up a huge anger , but I 'm usually pretty calm .
va	O	I loved him , but things went wrong .
va	O	He shuddered , and I felt a rush of relief .
va	O	I 'd never heard his voice before , and that made my heart pound hard enough that I felt it clear up around my ears .
va	I	Mom insisted , but I should have pushed to drive more .
va	I	I did speak to each of them briefly , but I may not have conducted their interviews .
va	O	There were also a number of photos with a girl tagged as Audrey , and I looked at her carefully .
va	I	She held my arm but I turned to leave .
va	I	Just in case , I swam up anyway , but I didn 't feel I needed air yet .
va	O	His sword was drawn in his hand but his grip was loose , as though he had little intention of using it .
va	I	Thankfully the old dear had never noticed , and Henrietta had quickly cast a health spell .
va	I	Annie shrugged , and Peter asked .
va	O	Someone yelled , and the distinct sound of guns being cocked came through the open door .
va	O	He wasn 't expecting anyone , and he barely knew his neighbors .
va	O	I jerked down on the trigger , but all that followed was a click .
va	I	They flew off and the Angel invited the boys into the starship .
va	O	Bitterness bled , and he flung his arms out to the side .
va	I	The song was apparently some sort of a pass code and the igloos were bunkers .
va	I	I nodded , and said Ares .
va	I	Nothing could bring me down and I was on Cloud Nine .
va	I	When Sergio helped her pick out the accessories she saw just why he was one of the best , but the dress was incredible enough .
va	O	The elevator announced their arrival with a faint ding and the door slid open .
va	O	He invited me to lunch the next day , and I accepted happily .
va	O	Callie pushed it open with a smile on her face , but it evaporated immediately .
va	O	A sharp bite of cold air blew across the desert rim , and he hugged me , like he was affirming the statement I 'd just made .
va	I	They were off to the new house and Drew gently helped her into his car .
va	I	I can 't help it , but I attempt not to smile .
va	I	He didn 't want to die to know , but while he was dying to know what they 'd found .
va	O	A look of relief passed over his face and it softened in a smile .
va	O	He pressed forward and I inched away .
va	O	She needed the job and as much as he wanted her with him , he didn 't think she was ready to commit to living with him .
va	I	I had to know if he was playing with me but I hadn 't thought before I 'd blurted out my question .
va	I	His intention is not realized , but she wanted to avoid as much as possible the condolences .
va	I	He 'd waited too long for this fantasy , but he wanted to savor the experience .
va	O	He knew he couldn 't stop Julie , head strong woman that she was , but he wanted the blame to be off of him .
va	I	She won 't tonight but it 'd be different if they thought she 'd wake up .
va	I	He has no contact with him , but his father still lives in England .
va	O	The separation was painful , but there was no turning back .
va	I	The rain came down so hard she could barely see past the windshield , but Sarah tried to keep going .
va	I	Family photographs covered every surface , and there were enough bouquets to stock a flower shop .
va	O	He pulled off his shirt and I gazed at his chest .
va	I	The sound 's deafening , and the club is pitch-black .
va	I	I quickly dropped my gaze back to my tablet , and I looked up to find Asher smirking at me .
va	O	He sounded close to teasing , but she noticed he didn 't drop his arm from around her neck .
va	I	She already knew the answer , but she asked the question .
va	I	The curiosity he felt overruled his irritation , and his frustration at the complex nature of the puzzles had waned somewhat .
va	I	The girl smiled even broader and the interpreter did as requested .
va	O	His fist slammed against my cheek and I hit the ground with a grunt .
va	O	Those bright little eyes glared at him for an unnerving moment longer , and then the door was opened wider .
va	O	It was if someone flicked on a light bulb in a dark room and I could see the light .
va	O	I wanted a piercing but Steve has forbidden me him !
va	I	She began to cry and she gasped .
va	I	It was too late , but Brendan frantically called orders over his headset .
va	I	The wagon wheels cut into it steadily , with a curious crunching sound , and their hoofs broke through the crust of the snow at every step .
va	O	I 've leaned on them and they have leaned on me .
va	O	The sheet came quickly down to the chin and the girl pulled herself up on the pillows .
va	O	Yes , you are a man , but you 're acting like a child !
va	I	Ready to slam down and a robotic arm held a partially formed plastic shell in position .
va	I	It wasn 't a happy something , and Bill said something under his breath .
va	I	He moved into a nicer one , but sure , I got the house .
va	O	The storm had finally reached Mono Basin , and the rain had begun to fall in the highlands beyond .
va	I	Julia 's imagination conjured up the possibility of it , but there wasn 't nearly enough snow to hide a trail .
va	O	She smiled in an embarrassed way , and he gently touched her hand .
va	I	He gave into exhaustion as she left the room , and Ethan Graff seemed pleased .
va	O	There were plenty of mirrors in Seven Sisters , but he could get smacked for looking too long in any of them .
va	I	Then she remembered Cammie , and her grip eased on the door .
va	I	Shock overtook her face and she looked at me .
va	O	It was a good idea , but we didn 't have anything to secure it with .
va	I	His accent grated on the natives , but Boyd 's French was decent .
va	O	That had only been two years ago , but to Dylan it felt like an eternity .
va	O	The screen brightens as she powers it on , and I notice her go completely still .
va	I	She still didn 't see the figure , but this time the old man was almost out of sight .
va	I	I was late for my date with Robin and I hated being late .
va	I	Born was touched by the young Earth human 's show of emotions , and it is a powerful weapon , capable of swaying circumstances in their favor .
va	I	We silently make our way up the stairs , and he took my hand in his grasp .
va	I	They smiled at each other and he nudged her in return .
va	O	The world had changed today , and people were pretty much on their own .
va	O	Browning had Grace and now Grace needed Rio .
va	I	I beat him to the punch , but Owen turned to me .
va	O	I could reach the top by leaping , but my limbs were hungry for the challenge of the climb .
va	I	He motioned her through and the doors opened on their floor .
va	O	The talented Chris Pratt gave me two choices and I wanted to use them both .
va	O	He laughed again , and she laughed with him .
va	O	Water poured down her body as she crouched there , and shivers rocked through her .
va	I	The writings were nearly extinct and it was an ancient spell .
va	O	Finishing the consult , I try to hurry back to my office to avoid Janet 's questions , but she corners me as I exit the elevator .
va	O	There was damage to your lungs but they healed very quickly .
va	O	Sunday evening meal at his parents ' house was mandatory , and each of his siblings would be there .
va	O	I felt the heavy breath ease itself from her lungs and her spirit sink into mine as she relaxed beneath me .
va	I	I knew I couldn 't , but someone saner might have just let the whole thing go .
va	I	The officers walked away , and Blue stilled , said something .
va	O	He released his grip , and his lateral movement ceased .
va	O	To pull him down against her and to press her lips against his .
va	I	I was left in silence in my empty room and she hung up .
va	I	It wasn 't yet a fact , but he had a destination .
va	I	She reached up to brush her hair out of her face and the cool autumn breeze lifted her hair off her shoulders .
va	O	It takes a lot more power than what they showed in the movie , and a real pinch is way too big to fit into a van .
va	I	I would soon catch you ; but you can run .
va	I	Realm will know what 's going on , but Kevin seemed nervous about something .
va	I	I didn 't say anything , but I didn 't like her immediately when I found out about this .
va	I	I turned around immediately to see how he would react to Prudence 's disappearing act , and Kiernan had been watching us intently .
va	O	I have taught you and you have learned well .
va	I	Travis go back to him and I can 't let her .
va	I	Father notices me staring , and a ladder looms ahead of me as well , extending through a hatch in the ceiling .
va	I	Her arms trembled , but Emma reached out .
va	I	Her dad told me he left a key at the neighbor 's house but Jules ' house was empty .
va	O	The carriage lurched around the corner , and Sam grabbed the leather strap hanging by his head .
va	I	Something had stolen her joy but she tried to hide it .
va	I	The words never made it to her lips , but Maureen turned around , prepared to apologize for the way Karen had instantly made herself at home .
va	I	In exchange , I 'll give you three cans of food , and you 're going to work for my dad for three days .
va	O	The margaritas she 'd had on the plane were still with her and she really should eat something before she had anything else to drink .
va	O	A man stands behind her , a gun pressed to the back of her head , but it doesn 't seem to faze her .
va	O	Peter hadn 't said too much since the girls had veered off to their own locale , but that was okay with him .
va	I	I don 't have the heart , but I want to ask him what he 's staring at .
va	I	No , Mrs. Jackson was pouring from that one now , but she watched to see if they were just helping themselves to the second bag .
va	I	Fresh made pastries I 'd gotten at the local market and Sunday , though , we had enjoyed a late breakfast .
va	I	This house might help me clear my head a bit and I felt a little distance between myself .
va	O	He cast his special look that meant he was only kidding , but Thomas wondered if a little truth might be hiding in there somewhere .
va	I	Mercer cut her off , but Hannah started to reply .
va	O	She pretends to be only slightly interested but I feel her pulse accelerate in her wrist .
va	O	We will have the oxygen packs fitted to our backs , and I believe we will be allowed outside for only three hours a day .
va	O	He imagined all of the muscle aches , and tension as a fluid filling his body .
va	I	You must hear me and out of my decisions I am now pregnant with you .
va	I	I answered yes to both questions , and then he asked if I spoke English .
va	O	It was pitch dark out here and I wanted to smack myself .
va	O	It was time to discuss the issues and here they could talk without being overheard .
va	I	Cassiopeia wondered at the thoughts swirling through this troubled woman 's mind , and her blue eyes seemed on the verge of tears .
va	O	I should have been relieved , but for some reason , I developed a nauseated feeling in the pit of my stomach .
va	I	I 'm still on my belly and it splashes in the mud .
va	O	Roman went with me , covertly , but it took a while for me to actually get some quality time with Erik .
va	I	He seemed very confident that she would , and he was hoping for her to miss .
va	O	Both were signed in the name of Annabelle Block , but one had distinctly masculine handwriting on the endorsement .
va	I	On Padme 's wedding day , her handiwork had never been finer and creating something so beautiful out of a roll of fabric was her specialty .
va	O	I try to turn my head away from the voice but it doesn 't move .
va	I	A train screeched by pushing my long golden hair forcefully behind me , and at dawn I reached a diner called Johnnie 's by the Tracks .
va	O	We got back to the other room , and I peered in before opening the door .
va	O	They have surged to over $ 1000 USD over the last month but just today they crashed to just under $ 750 USD a coin .
va	I	I followed behind Jakob , scared of what we were about to see , and my face was flushed with heat .
va	O	Everyone begins to look around the room and I see this time that it 's not just in my mind .
va	I	He knew what was coming and his mother 's face clouded .
va	I	Somehow the strong grip was more gentle this time , but his scarred hand closed once more around her wrist .
va	I	The whole class is now scrutinizing me and being so close to the chalkboard is really driving me nuts .
va	O	That probably sounds bad , but what I mean is that it didn 't bother me as much .
va	I	Maryanne could sense the forces raging within him , and his breathing was labored .
va	I	I was utterly incapable of giving him control over the other parts of my life , but I could give him control in bed .
va	I	I was lost and Everything was dark .
va	O	I was grounded for one month but I took it in stride .
va	O	Bo 's voice dropped to a silky purr and his eyes dropped to my lips .
va	I	Even this proved to be easily overcome , but the gate was apparently their only adversary .
va	O	He caught himself with a hand on an IV stand , which rolled , and for a happy second she thought he might go down again .
va	O	The light from the kitchen window caught her eyes , and they blazed green for a second .
va	I	It was an entirely different situation altogether if she dated ... but it was one thing for him to date .
va	I	He laughed , and his eyes found her again .
va	O	Sofia Claremont is the daughter of one of the highest ranking hunters in the world and he let me go because he knows I love her .
va	O	I managed that part after a while , but it took me even longer to get used to the business of steering by echoes .
va	O	Yes , something was wrong , and there was only one cure .
va	O	She told herself that this was for the greater good and she believed it .
va	O	She knew that he was gone , but it took this long to actually admit to it .
va	I	She could smell him , but she couldn 't see him .
va	I	Lennox halts me , but I begin to turn .
va	O	Tess bounced out of Ethan 's car , and her wide smile made Kelly forget about feeling out of place .
va	O	The door slid open and Jett stood on the other side , wringing his hands anxiously .
va	O	She dropped the rope and they all laughed together .
va	O	Those simultaneously pinched and flabby features , if not tolerable , became at least familiar .
va	I	I lifted my hand in return , and he paused to wave good night to me .
va	I	Brad ran into the next carriage and there was a scream .
va	O	He 'd gone to every sporting event , academic function , and graduation Mike ever had .
va	I	I 'm not sure I can bear even one more loss and it 's all so overwhelming .
va	I	His bare forearms were striped with bloody whip marks , and Mark was wearing only a T-shirt .
va	I	Suddenly the physical was all there was , and I didn 't think of the physical .
va	O	He stared at them and they stared back .
va	I	There appeared to be no hope for them , and she had been round the room several times .
va	I	Of those , nearly all of them were already seeing off the last of their customers , and only a few taverns remained open .
va	O	She wanted to ask the man more questions , to keep him there longer , but she couldn 't think of what else to say .
va	I	The sandwich disappeared quickly and Lydia found herself hungry .
va	O	I needed to rest my magic , or I might actually permanently harm myself this time .
va	I	I know that the pause in answering her is going to make me look guilty and my mind tries to come up with an excuse .
va	O	I used to follow them around , hoping they 'd notice me , but the ironic thing was , even the outcasts didn 't want me .
va	I	A new pain gripped him , and a knot formed in Ash 's chest .
va	I	I purr without meaning to , and my fingers rake down his perfectly chiseled chest .
va	I	Jason gradually grew more comfortable astride the running horse , and the town receded behind them .
va	O	The presence of light had afforded me a sense of control , but now , in darkness , I felt defenseless again .
va	O	I have asked our leader for the details , but they are not his to share .
va	O	Two people were killed and many others injured in the firefight that ensued .
va	I	You don 't seem to care , but you 're well liked at school .
va	O	He 'd been splicing secret information into his very DNA , and he might have hidden all kinds of things in there .
va	I	He pushed it open in time to see his helicopter wheel away into the clear sky and the roof door locks released .
va	O	I scoffed , pushing him off me , but he only pulls me tighter against him .
va	I	She couldn 't find the voice to do so , but she had half a mind to stop him .
va	I	My sights transfixed upon Timothy chomping away on the teacher from hell and my breathing slowed down to a steady pace .
va	O	Lady Melly 's eyes narrowed and her lips pursed .
va	I	She 'd kept quiet , but it 'd been tempting .
va	O	Pappy climbed onto the tractor , and we left to pick cotton .
va	O	Our people have organized and our mission is clear .
va	O	The amount was small at their insistence , but it was still a boon to the tight family budget .
va	O	I lunged at the stairway the moment I heard the click clack of heels pounding gravel , but I was too late .
va	O	I felt sexy , powerful ... and it was just the beginning .
va	O	Keep being Sutton , or you 're next .
va	O	She didn 't tell her dad about the message on the answering machine and she wasn 't going to .
va	O	Some are great spirits , and some are small spirits .
va	O	I was right , and I could see that she knew it , too .
va	O	A nurse turned the corner just as the door shut and I took off for the van .
va	I	They knew how to do it , and all Carlos had to do was tell them what he wanted .
va	O	Though Eddy didn 't , and he asked no more about it .
va	I	She detected an American twist , which was curious but his Russian was good .
va	O	I could taste salt in my throat , and my voice wanted to tremble .
va	O	The money was an added bonus , but I knew she would have loved him even if he had been broke .
va	O	She looks plenty ashamed already , but I 'm not about to let this slide .
va	O	The crowd carries me toward Edward , and I grab his arm .
va	O	I prepared to knock on the door , but to my surprise it was already open .
va	I	She a lowly mortal , a minor piece on the chessboard of his life and he was like a Greek god .
va	I	Nothing was out of order , but I half expected the room to be in complete disarray .
va	O	He had wanted to tell her everything , especially how ashamed he was for not coming back to her until then , but somehow she knew .
va	I	Then he 'd always taken my side , but his lack of support bothered me .
va	O	Their night together had been the most passion filled and satisfying night he could ever remember .
va	I	The sharp pain was gone , and my lip began to tingle .
va	O	He remembered just a bit from back there at Sunset Valley , but he had not wanted to bring it up then .
va	I	He nodded , and I finished .
va	I	It appeared that each saint had been joined by one angelic tour guide , and the crowd was thinning out .
va	I	It made him wary , and there were no guards .
va	I	Now I have nothing and I had a life .
va	I	I saw a gleam of interest in his eye , and Grenville gave me an inquisitive look .
va	O	The door opened a crack , and a worried face appeared .
va	O	I shrug , grabbing a bag from under my bed , and then dramatically wave my hands in front of me .
va	I	There will be dancing afterward and it 's said to be the crowning glory of the voyage .
va	I	He still kept hold of his pistol , but he fell to the floor .
va	I	Yet she wasn 't and she should be embarrassed .
va	O	Her laugh sounded a bit awkward to her own ears , but she hoped he wouldn 't notice .
va	I	The sky to the west was red , and 2 It was late afternoon .
va	I	I was pretty sure Fate had , but he might not have heard me .
va	I	He caught it , but her nod was nearly imperceptible .
va	I	Rio liked the insult that Sam hurled out , but Titan was far from a special ops wannabe .
va	O	Cherry stood beside him and he hugged her waist .
va	O	He kissed me on the cheek , and I walked inside .
va	O	We flew a little further and Jack warned me that he was going to bring the helicopter down a little to show me something .
va	I	It is apparent and she hates me .
va	O	He had already tried several times to cast a spell that would bring Alanna back , but nothing had happened .
va	I	Savannah made quitting a game , but her mother would punish him when she caught him in action .
va	O	It was while passing through the living room that she saw the locket , and she froze .
va	I	A silent refrigerator stood at another wall , and a microwave oven sat on a counter .
va	I	He 'd adamantly refused , but Marissa had been urging him to use dating websites .
va	O	It rested cold against my skin but I felt the truth of why I was wearing it again burn through me .
va	I	He forced a smile and she returned the bottle .
va	I	It just looks back at him , but Michel waits for the cat to run .
va	O	I shuddered and my heart twisted with worry .
va	O	Patch 's cell phone rang , and he looked at the readout .
va	O	She had planned everything down to the last second , and the fight just completely ruined her day .
va	O	It was the evening before his niece and I would flee the dance .
va	I	He just opened the door and I didn 't say nothing .
va	O	Again , my clever words were gone , but he was right .
va	I	What you are doing sets a very dangerous precedent , and you are not an authorized surgeon .
va	I	I quickly closed the small gap between us , flying into his body , nearly knocking him over and he held his arms open at me .
va	I	My head ached but I strained to sit up .
va	I	It opened into the darkened room and she knocked on Celestino 's door .
va	O	Then I hear his voice , and I know it 's him .
va	O	It doesn 't look very sharp and the pink handle makes it look almost harmless .
va	I	We are sure as sure heading for the cusp of a waterfall but my mind irritatingly points out the cliché !
va	O	His hand went to his hair and he pulled his fingers through it in a frustrated gesture .
va	O	Renée had her reasons , but I suspect she wanted me close with her on the journey , for then we would plan my future .
va	I	I had no other chance of stopping her and not until my air was almost completely gone .
va	O	One of the other guys had just scored and the few kids sitting in the bleachers cheered .
va	I	The more they danced , the more the place cheered and it seemed the place had come alive .
va	O	I 've broken a rule and the consequences could be disastrous .
va	O	She couldn 't face that right now , and despite everything , she found herself wishing that Marcia were there .
va	O	I directed my voice toward both of them , since they were both guilty , and looking anywhere but at my face .
va	I	Immediately I reacted , and Colin lunged , landing on top of me .
va	O	He thought his fort quite roomy and he stretched out completely .
va	O	The house was filled to capacity , and Mac 's bed was the couch in the living room .
va	O	She lifted her hips , trying to adjust to his size and he shifted even deeper !
va	I	The valley was not large enough to hold it , but a glowing black column rose high into the sky .
va	I	The building works from a few doors away and he listened to the muted sounds of traffic .
va	O	Fury lunged at him , but his muscles wouldn 't cooperate .
va	I	She felt his teeth on her neck , and he leaned to her , his body heat like a blanket .
va	I	That had definitely helped to sway my parents , and I had landed a pretty nice scholarship though .
va	O	He pulled them down her legs and flung them across the room .
va	O	Just because I wanted something , it didn 't mean I could instantly achieve it , and this goal might be beyond my reach .
va	O	Another shot fired and pain screamed through Rio 's chest .
va	I	His hands fisted at his side , betraying his easy look but his head shook lazily from side to side as if in disbelief .
va	O	Brim sat on one side of her , and despite the fact that they weren 't touching , she felt compassion radiating from him .
va	I	The pain on his face made me regret my question , and he pulled away enough to look me in the eye .
va	I	The regiment wasn 't ready and an attack could come any day now .
va	O	He looked at me for a long time as if he understood , but it was pointless because there was nothing to be done about it .
va	I	He 's my son as much as yours , but my blood might not run in his veins .
va	I	Takeshi remained silent , knowing as much as I did that Andy wouldn 't be persuaded , and Maria sighed loudly .
va	O	Her mind was racing , but her thoughts made no sense to her .
va	I	It 's no matter , but I have no idea who Magic Mike is .
va	I	She did know that her life was changing but Rachel wasn 't sure what would happen next .
va	O	I was already a part of every opportunity the law firm offered , but the full ride scholarship to Harvard Law was what I really wanted .
va	I	The bulbs started flashing and I didn 't even notice when all eyes turned to me .
va	O	The golden butter melts into the nooks of the roll , and my mouth is watering before I take my first bite .
va	I	Most of my short time on this earth has been merry , and I was born in that great country a little over twenty two years ago .
va	O	No one said anything and they were all staring at me .
va	O	His presence had never bothered me before , but suddenly the closeness threatened to throw my sanity over a cliff .
va	O	Her gaze drifted over his naked body and hastily she jerked her eyes away , flushing again .
va	I	This time , his lips stayed warm on her skin for a long time , and he kissed her fingers again .
va	O	It fell to the ground , and I felt a simultaneous stab of pain .
va	O	Noelle had tried not to give him the satisfaction , but in the end , she 'd failed there , too .
va	O	Trent pointed to his Intrepid , but I stopped at my Jeep .
va	O	I have been travelling through time since it was discovered seventy years ago in my time line and I have enjoyed the adventure of it .
va	O	You 're harassing me about not going to church , yet you want me to lie to everyone there ?
va	I	An atom 's width short and you are a trillion miles long .
va	O	When she was in a foul mood this really bothered her for some reason , but when she snapped back he just laughed .
va	O	Money was money , and he never turned it down , especially when it was his own being returned to him .
va	O	Nathan hesitated , but Anderson nodded .
va	O	I 've never done this before , but it will be nice to have a partner , in crime , so to speak .
va	I	I really didn 't know , but I hoped I hadn 't done something to hurt my little sister .
va	I	He didn 't have to play them , but he was putting them on the field .
va	I	Jason resisted the urge to inhale , but his lungs burned .
va	O	He wasn 't sure if he was ready for that kind of commitment , but Veronica was the first woman he couldn 't imagine his life without .
va	O	She carefully brushed the rumor aside saying she had heard nothing , and he could not tell if she was lying .
va	I	She thrived on the extra attention and Ellen 's arm had stopped hurting .
va	O	Zombies were everywhere and they were getting more violent .
va	I	He clobbered it back , knowing the emotion useless , but rage simmered .
va	I	I didn 't quite feel his amusement , but the thin skin beneath his eyes crinkled .
va	I	There was nothing left of the center and jagged pieces of glass hung awkwardly from the sides .
va	I	He grabbed my arm , but I stood up .
va	I	I don 't know what happened , but I have a good idea it had something to do with Mr. Caster .
va	O	There 's a moment of quietness , and then I hear rushed , angry whispers .
va	O	The blackness of the bull 's - eye beckoned , and as she exhaled , she sent the dagger flying .
va	O	Daniel urged , snapping her back to reality and she followed him to her car , while considering the new information .
va	I	We both need to heal and our feelings are hurt .
va	O	Adams expression bordered on incredulity but he remained silent as Foster continued .
va	I	It breaks his dreaming heart , and his voice sounds so young .
va	I	It pissed her off to no end , and it was so implausible it was laughable .
va	I	Lizzi tried to cover up her smile by shoving in a large potato into her mouth and Wes rubbed his chin as Eli rolled his eyes .
va	I	I was too enraptured to realize I had even opened my mouth , but I heard my voice cry out his name .
va	I	That act of deception actually bothered him more , but granted , she 'd switched it to her right hand .
va	O	I want to know what 's happening here as well , but I 'll have to release you .
va	O	The kind of smile movie stars give and it melts panties off women .
va	I	I need to honor her , and she needs me more than you do .
va	I	Then you died , and you disappeared .
va	O	She stared at him , and gradually her mask slipped back into place .
va	O	There was something familiar about her but he couldn 't place what family she was from .
va	O	She looked at him in surprise , and her mouth dropped open in shock .
va	I	The crushed ice in her tea swished in the plastic cup , and Jenny turned to ask .
va	O	Her shuddering lessened , and her expression calmed .
va	O	They talked for half an hour and when Lara put the receiver down , she was lonelier than ever .
va	O	His eyes had turned red and his canines had lengthened noticeably .
va	I	Her manner was far more relaxed , and her eyes hadn 't flared once after her feeding .
va	O	His eyes betrayed the pain inside , however , and I wanted nothing other than to ease his pain .
va	I	She released my hand , but I waited for her to say more .
va	O	He 's eyeing my lips , and I 'm struggling to breathe .
va	I	His cheek is scraped and there 's a path of blood dripping down his arm .
va	I	After the long afternoon at the widow 's house , words failed her , but Janet felt the need to say more .
va	O	Her legs were hard with muscle , and no flab gathered at her hips .
va	O	Her dress was beautiful , but the other women had so much more than just gowns .
va	O	Yes , their lives were dangerous , but that wasn 't all they had .
va	I	It sounds like the flapping of wings , but it is too dark to see anything .
va	I	Their eyes met and Sakura glanced up at him .
va	O	Her lips parted and she sucked in a deep breath .
va	O	Her gaze flickered to me then back to Elizabeth , and the volume of her voice was slightly lower when she spoke again .
va	I	She shuddered and he blew lightly into her ear .
va	I	He didn 't say hi , but Josh stood five feet away , staring at me .
va	O	Someone is trying to aim for Adam , but our erratic movements make it almost impossible .
va	I	I nodded , and she said .
va	O	It was such a simple question , and I really wanted to answer it correctly .
va	O	She thought she could detect a certain telltale fluidity to the walk , but it was too far away to be sure .
va	O	Cold sweat broke out all over her body , and she hugged herself tight as the pain subsided in gradual waves .
va	I	You would have liked him , but you won 't believe me .
va	I	She pushed the issue aside and the call went to voice mail again .
va	I	What did that mean , but his lifeline was blank ?
va	I	He didn 't cry , but his eyes misted helplessly .
va	O	I had been trying to get far away from him , but we had gone right where he wanted us , right where he knew we would .
va	O	A man shouted , and he heard the heavy thud of exchanged blows , flesh on flesh .
va	O	There 'd be times when Finn would slip , and she 'd grow tired of understanding .
va	O	My head falls back , and my mouth drops open .
va	I	I never did but after I was turned I was afraid I 'd change into this evil being .
va	O	Huge white columns adorned every doorway , and murals of beautiful goddesses in flowing white gowns covered every wall .
va	O	Rowdy Cassidy 's a good man , but he 's not for you .
va	O	He wanted her to be his Second , and whatever that was , it sounded serious .
va	I	I get my first view of the physical embodiment of that strained voice on the phone and the door opens quietly .
va	I	The wall pounded loudly once again and he breathed heavily .
va	I	The skirt of her gown is wide , nearly as wide as the aisle they 're walking down , and a frothy veil covers her face .
va	I	The Prius made a squealing sound , and Hanna hit the brakes hard .
va	O	She carefully slid off his sunglasses and sure enough his eyes were closed .
va	I	I could feel Amber 's gratitude , and Anne was particularly kind .
va	O	She looked over at me for confirmation and I nodded again , wisely keeping my mouth shut while she processed her thoughts .
va	O	I couldn 't hear what they were saying , but they were obviously reconnecting after their months apart .
va	O	Sly easily raced away , and Franco easily thundered in last .
va	I	As he did , the rolled-up sleeves of his shirt brushed her hands , causing her body to jerk , and he unfolded his arms .
va	I	The vocal members of the audience gave her a thumbs-up , but Savannah 's voice sounded ridiculously loud to her own ears .
va	O	After what seemed an eternity , the oracle snatched up one of the bone fragments and flung it into the crowd all without ever opening her eyes .
va	O	His chest stopped burning , and his vision snapped back into focus .
va	O	A car coming from the opposite direction flashed its brights , and Pete flicked off his with a mumbled curse .
va	I	She saw the barest outline of his weapon , and her eyes darted to his feet .
va	I	He didn 't stop me this time , and I popped the button of his jeans .
va	I	Within seconds they began to rise rapidly and the doors slid shut .
va	I	A sob escaped her and she held me close .
va	O	He rolled my eyelids all the way up and I got my first clear look at him .
va	I	The pool gave everyone an excuse to strip down regardless of whether they had bathing suits , and the night air was heavy with humidity .
va	O	We 'd been pressed hip to hip moments ago , and his body had most certainly been up for it .
va	I	She almost gasped at the frightening devastation on his face , and his head lifted .
va	I	It 's coming , but it 's still distant .
va	O	The intercom clicked on , and Finn 's voice filled the ship .
va	O	She turned to me , and I tried not to cringe under that unearthly gaze .
va	O	Again curiosity had gotten the better of him , but he was still cautious .
va	O	Ethan groans low in his throat at my enthusiasm , and his hands slide down to tangle in my hair .
va	I	He was cute when he put his foot down , but Liam wasn 't the maddest I 'd seen him .
va	I	He was thankful to have it , and it was food .
va	O	I 'D HEARD it was where the heart was , but for me , home was where my annoying family was .
va	I	That helped with the task of finding the matches for the other things and she was able to get a swatch .
va	I	He was sweating despite the cool air , and his breathing was labored .
va	O	Her gaze flickered from his , and she glanced around his shoulder again .
va	O	The door opened and the doctor appeared .
va	I	At the same time , she wanted to lick the moisture from between his lips , and that worry for her twisted her heart around .
va	O	I breathe out , and the pressure is still there .
va	I	Bloom just went back to eating his pizza but he stared at Bloom , waiting for him to say something .
va	I	We start going hungry , and a bad bit of weather puts us more than a day behind .
va	I	She swore his grip was strong enough to permanently mark the bars and his hands curved around the raised railing at the side of the bed .
va	O	He was so hard right now from picturing her , but he had to restrain himself because he knew he couldn 't have her .
va	I	His entire body was glistening and he was all sweaty .
va	I	The floor was carpeted in red , and cheerful orchestra music played at a muted volume over the speakers .
va	I	Without another thought , she leaned into his chest , and Reece contemplated for a moment .
va	O	He had not seen anyone approaching , and the customer spoke only one word .
va	I	There was no way he was going to march past the two of them again but his study was always ripe for attention .
va	O	She wanted to know what had happened to make him afraid of his own brother -- but she was too scared to hear the answer .
va	O	She was originally from a city that was her namesake , and yet she was here to take something that belonged to them .
va	O	He smiled at me and I found myself feeling a little better .
va	I	Its discoloration was unmistakable , but it had soaked into the earth by now .
va	O	My body was on the far side of the sun , and no matter how much I tried , I couldn 't reach its warmth .
va	I	His eyebrows shot up and Jase 's jaw dropped .
va	O	One pretty boy , sort of , but he 's a tough bastard too .
va	O	The Fairy hunters disappeared from their sight quietly into the trees as the sly wolves they were and Willow let out the breath she had been holding .
va	I	It is unclear how many are needed for the spell , and the magic users can be scattered at any given time .
va	O	Finally , the seizure subsided , but Angela never regained consciousness .
va	I	Lake 's not there but I glance inside the car .
va	O	The door was unlocked and I went into the room .
va	I	I was prepared to fight , and my hands closed into fists .
va	I	It was changing by the day , but the estate was her favourite place .
va	I	He ran with his hands over his ears , and he looked backward toward the docks more than forward , so he stumbled a lot .
va	I	Space was obviously not helping anything , but I knew I should have let him go .
va	O	It did occur to me , from time to time , to mention it , but I felt embarrassed .
va	O	Blake didn 't know how to tell Justin , and he didn 't know what to think of what Jewell had done .
va	O	That will totally ding my morals and it makes me want to hang Marshall instead .
va	O	His throbbing cock broke free and she seized it with both hands , stroking him with a fervent yearning that nearly made him explode .
va	O	His eyes were shut and he was snoring lightly .
va	O	He rubbed his eyes for just a second but when he looked again the Guardian was gone .
va	I	He kissed me softly , and his lips fell to my forehead .
va	I	Now they were gone , but he had seen Tar put them down .
va	O	She hoped the sticker in the corner of her windshield that identified her as a journalist would signal someone , but no one seemed to notice .
va	I	He was too naïve to spy on her , but Paul was the one who was bringing the notes from the kidnappers .
va	I	This is horrifying , but I remember thinking the empty penthouse was spooky before .
va	I	It is incredible how well they have done , and the surgeons worked off photos to re-build my face .
va	O	Helen started to follow but Simon stopped her .
va	O	The sky was clear , and there was no breeze .
va	I	They all moved through the ruined metal and justus ignited his coil .
va	I	Each man prayed the fallout would yield a royally perfect result , and it was perhaps their most important performance to date .
va	O	It is a monster and it can sleep forever .
va	O	The trick was to find her and she was clever enough to make many dead ends .
va	O	Coach got angry about Henry 's showboating , but I didn 't care .
va	O	He knew he didn 't have time to worry about it , but he felt like he 'd ingested rotten milk into his system .
va	I	His annoyance escalated and he looked at Barton watching him closely .
va	I	She looked away and her lip trembled .
va	O	Daemon 's lips brushed the lobe of my ear , and another shiver made its way down my spine .
va	I	It was more likely the raging hard-on pressed into her , but it might have been the kiss .
va	I	I wasn 't certain what was happening , but I thought about ordering him to stop .
va	I	It gets done , but I don 't know when Mom finds the time to do all that she does .
va	I	You 'll feel much better and we 'll get some sleep .
va	O	They were copies of The Scarlet Letter , and I 'd set them in new releases .
va	O	The TV was running old Wheel of Fortune shows , and a stereo in the bedroom was playing old Motown .
va	O	Jimmie lifted her until her lips met his , and she gave him a quick peck on the lips .
va	I	She nearly dropped the pot , but Jeanie tried to pour more .
va	I	It feels like I need her closer , but my lips collide with hers , pulling her nearer , our bodies aligned .
va	O	He was silent as I wrapped a makeshift bandage around his arm , but I could feel his eyes on me as I tied it off .
va	I	At least it 's not the night shift , but I hate how late he works .
va	O	There was a distinct change in Frank 's demeanour and Eva Roberts urged Renton to ease off a bit .
va	O	The higher we ride , the greener it gets , and my lungs feel tight as the air gets thinner .
va	I	I heard papers rattling in the background and Cal paused .
va	O	Her whole body shook , and she once again buried her face in her palms .
va	I	She wasn 't ready to negotiate and her smile was gone .
va	O	He was my husband , and I was his wife .
va	O	The seemingly reserved girl might have killed her sister-in-law with her eyes , but she accepted the string .
va	I	She held it at bay , but her instinct was to instantly mind link with her baby .
va	I	Jason assumed command of the helm and Captain Cook departed for some much-needed rest .
va	O	I put my arm around her and she laid her head on my shoulder as we walked up to the house .
va	O	I collapsed flat on the bed and he pulled me into his arms as he spooned me .
va	O	He 'd faced down enemies with weapons , yet a deep unease made him reluctant to face her this morning .
va	O	A voice came , but it wasn 't Brett 's .
va	O	I didn 't move in time , and our eyes locked through the crack in the open door .
va	I	He shuddered and she circled his tip with her index finger .
va	O	It shot up her nostrils again , and Kate coughed through a clear-headed vibe .
va	O	The blackness of the night comes over me and I 'm losing consciousness before he 's gone .
va	I	Now , she was carefully swiping on her iPad and Mrs. Robbins was nearly done cooking the spaghetti sauce .
va	I	It did not even budge a little but I tried to take the crystal ball out of its place .
va	O	Faint light from the bridges shifted on the planes of her cheekbones , and her eyes glowed .
va	O	Devon remembered her eyes then , and they opened to the harsh lights .
va	I	The emergency medical team swung into action and the cabin door opened .
va	I	This visit didn 't feel right and though they had a good relationship , he never completely trusted her .
va	I	She sniffed at him , and he wasn 't afraid .
va	O	When Cesaro waved him away , he looked disappointed but he took the horse back toward the corrals .
va	I	I 'm sure it will be quite fatal for me , but I don 't know what that will do to the Between .
va	O	We shared a fist bump , and Bax ran his hands over the shaved surface of his head .
va	O	It was highly disrespectful , and even while I wasn 't completely in charge here , I was not going to be taken advantage of .
va	I	Perhaps he thought he was dreaming , and the action happened much faster than it takes to tell .
va	O	Holt was a senior that year , and his grades had begun to fall drastically , in direct relation to the rise in his drinking .
va	I	It surprised her She thought she 'd spent all her tears for that day long ago and Nora felt tears sting her eyes .
va	I	I had to shake it off so I could get into the truck and the perils of the dream came at me again .
va	O	She wanted it to hurt forever , and she wanted him to suffer .
va	O	My hand slid from the handle of the door and it swung shut .
va	I	She will stay in our custody until we have everything we want and we kidnapped your little girl .
va	O	Archaeologists would have found something and we 'd know about it .
va	I	Lina 's voice quieted them but the babies began to stir .
va	O	They get Dr. Jekyll and I get Mr. Hyde .
va	I	Mac was already talking , but I opened my mouth to defend him .
va	I	Nothing happens , and I tap it .
va	I	I needed a head start , and I had to get out of here now .
va	I	He slowly pulled it out and I sucked it in gently .
va	I	It will happen , but I don 't know how it will happen .
va	I	He was gone , but Larry turned back towards Karson .
va	I	Work wasn 't one of them , but he was afraid of many things .
va	O	He sipped it slowly and he leaned against the fence pole by the boom gates .
va	O	I pull it over my head and they show me how to adjust the straps .
va	I	Butterflies took flight inside me , and I ask .
va	I	The fisherman took a long swig and Barry handed him a half pint .
va	I	It matched the growing buoyant mood in the ballroom , and satisfaction surged through Madeline 's voice .
va	I	His insides started to quiver , but Nick didn 't know why .
va	I	Found only the dim sparkle of plant life , but she focused , looking for the bright halo of Fire .
va	O	A sob shook my body , and I dropped to the ground .
va	O	It sounded like a tax dodge of some sort , but again Nightingale was in no financial position to refuse .
va	O	The group progressed right into the second number , and then everyone ran backstage to change for the next few songs .
va	O	The missing heart said a lot , but hearing that a unique could live through something like that left me unsure as far as severity .
va	O	They drove through and I followed them .
va	O	I let the blanket go and it fell to the ground .
va	I	He liked it , and it was the first time Brian was called ' sir ' in that manner .
va	O	It was the biggest lie he 'd ever told , but he saw no alternative .
va	I	I had decided to be done doubting myself , but they were trying to play on my doubts .
va	O	The past months had been terrible , but she hadn 't been personally involved in any of the bad things .
va	I	I hadn 't even heard the full story yet and this was a lot for me to take in .
va	I	A large king-sized bed occupied the center of the room , and the other was the master .
va	O	I sucked in a breath , but it wasn 't enough to banish the cold , sick feeling that filled my stomach .
va	O	She looked shocked at his harsh rejoinder but he didn 't give a damn .
va	O	This could be the worst decision of his life , but he honestly didn 't see what choice he had .
va	I	Someone higher up the food chain ordered the hit , and these guys must have made a mistake .
va	I	She made gurgling sounds and her mouth was open .
va	I	After a few minutes Elena sat back down beside her , and she sat down on the mattress .
va	O	She pulled on it , yanking it down as hard as she could manage , but it didn 't open .
va	I	Then ... Maximilian 's face and Guillaume saw skull after skull .
va	O	CHAPTER TWELVE Sloane tried to open her eyes but the pain was too great .
va	O	Daemon 's smile was smug , but I was filling with anxious energy .
va	I	Jo knew none of it was sinking in , but the woman was doing everything she was required to do .
va	O	She knew what he would do to me once she was gone , and she left anyway .
va	O	A car was waiting to pick us up and as we drove into Southampton I was completely in awe of the beautiful mansions I saw .
va	I	The words stilled before emerging , but she told herself to tell him he 'd done that by holding her hand .
va	O	She looked for Duncan , but he had walked away .
va	O	He lifts his arms up to replace the coffee tin and I see the dark blue bruise on his left side .
va	O	I wish I could spare you this , but my power is now his to command .
va	O	His gaze was intense and it made my heart skip a beat .
va	I	Its branches were longer , but the tree was shorter than the ones around it .
va	O	She 'd called Ari and they 'd wished each other a happy birthday , promising to exchange gifts during the week .
va	O	Her eyes were wide and she was staring right at him .
va	O	Josephine frowned at the discard pile and she could no longer help herself .
va	O	Sometimes it may look as though I have forgotten , but that 's the fault of rating .
va	I	I looked up at her swiftly and I stopped eating at the word ' flirty ' .
va	O	The temperature outside had fallen dramatically in the last hour , and the old building was turning into a meat locker .
va	O	Kari squeezed her eyes shut , and tears rolled down her face .
va	O	It was like a cave under the tree and it was dry .
va	O	Frantically I looked around the room for any sign of Henry , but he wasn 't there .
va	I	She ignored him as she sent a text , obviously annoyed , but he was trying to apologize .
va	O	It was trying to take over his body , but it couldn 't .
va	O	A light went on , and the door slowly opened .
va	O	November 4 Renée has tied me to a chair , but my left arm is free so that I can write .
va	I	There was nothing I could do to stop it and I recall thinking I was going to hit my head on the pavement .
va	I	Public interest had not waned , but following Arthur 's attack , the murders had suddenly stopped .
va	I	Callie follows me and I start down the path toward where the truck is parked .
va	I	I 'm grateful for his company , but I 'm covered in goose bumps .
va	I	The rhythm of the dance was lost to me in an instant , and I stumbled .
va	O	Camille 's voice cracked as it rose , and Kennedy suspected she was close to tears .
va	O	Her horrified stare grilled into me like a sunburn and I very nearly turned around .
va	O	A mattress lay on the floor , and an ancient TV sat in one corner .
va	O	Charlotte glanced away from Roman , where she knew the car window would be , but the same blackness awaited her any direction she looked .
va	I	We kept going down because there was nowhere else to go , but Vivian confirmed that the impressions were stronger on the upper levels .
va	I	Elijah snarled in response , and she took a step closer to them .
va	I	He accelerated away and this caused adrenalin to flow .
va	I	She realized that she was hungrier than she had thought , and the food looked fantastic .
va	I	Real terror bubbled up within me , and my heart dropped in my stomach .
va	O	He looks just like I feel and I want to make both of us feel better .
va	O	She held up her hands and he stopped walking .
va	I	I don 't care and I 'm not an idiot .
va	O	You sent me to negotiate a peace treaty and it resulted in a sea of blood .
va	I	Somehow she 'd ended up in the driver 's seat , but he 'd planned on being in front .
va	O	Marguerite could never have imagined that he was so beautiful beneath his garments , but then he kept a great deal hidden under his dissolute facade .
va	I	Derek 's hand clasped mine and we did as we were told .
va	O	The car revved to life and suddenly we felt the rush of acceleration as Bernie picked up speed .
va	O	The girl 's ankle was swelling very badly and she could hardly bear to put it down .
va	O	Autumn leaves in every color imaginable greeted her and if she sat up straighter she could see the carefully tended garden surrounding the forcing house .
va	I	She turned to grab the paper and the printer sounded from behind her .
va	O	I glance over my shoulder , but there is no one there .
va	I	Really to make sure her stylist was fine , but she 'd texted Gayle a few times , ostensibly about her hair .
va	I	I was in no hurry to get back to the real world , but under normal circumstances I 'd check it without fail .
va	O	He was normally so tender but tonight his touch was feral .
va	O	She will always be around you , watching you and the kids will be a big help .
va	O	I look up at him and our eyes lock .
va	O	She stole a look at him , and Staffan immediately caught her doing it .
va	O	The woman wore a dress , but leather armor was also carved onto her form , as well as a helm over her bound hair .
va	O	His kind words did nothing to alleviate my fears and I was positive it didn 't help Jules either .
va	I	I hung out with her awhile and she called me into her room .
va	I	I don 't know , okay , but I know I really like her ?
va	O	Anna laughed as she told me stories about her pets and I smiled back at her eager look .
va	O	I 'm part of some psychological , government experiment and I 'm going to wake up in a lab .
va	O	The occasional error saw him bounce in unintended directions , but he had enough ability to feel confident of making it to the other side .
va	I	What I couldn 't see , she saw as if it were right in front of her , and Claire 's eyes were focused , however .
va	I	He frowned and Derek 's hands stilled .
va	I	The tone was clear , but his voice was muffled .
va	O	Their destiny awaits them and magic becomes them .
va	O	It seemed as if it had only been a few minutes and I found myself just outside my high school parking lot .
va	O	Hearing only part of a conversation left too much to the imagination and Jamie had learned long ago not to jump to conclusions where Mark was concerned .
va	O	Just having Miranda 's gaze on him made the boy 's face glow and his eyes turn a nice shade of blue .
va	O	Yes , you see it , and there is no mistake !
va	I	She had never met any of them before , but Meredith knew there were other families out there .
va	I	A little indoor stream gurgled its way along the far wall , and the walls depicted murals of beautiful mountain scenes .
va	O	They glowed like topaz jewels and the pupils were stretched vertically .
va	O	Thirst nagged at me , but I fought it .
va	O	I 'd have expected to get a call if Ethan had been released , but the tension in the air was sign enough .
va	I	He simply nodded his head and she asked .
va	I	They appear to have that in abundance , as does Alfred , but Communication takes much patience .
va	I	His praise made her uncomfortable , and she 'd come up with her plan for primarily selfish reasons .
va	O	Bird had given me detailed instructions on how to get to it , but somehow we missed a number of his landmarks .
va	I	She was definitely showing , but it wasn 't as big as she thought it was .
va	O	Oliver had been a serial killer , but he 'd always been polite .
va	O	His mouth slowly opened , but no words came out .
va	I	My heart just aches for her , and Callie says she 's so ashamed .
va	O	She wished she could come back with something equally painful to say back to him , but she just sat there , trying to hide her misery .
va	O	He never made himself solid , but I knew he was there .
va	I	I don 't think it will bother me too much when my old man finally kicks it , but this probably sounds horrible .
va	O	I pushed at him , but it was like pushing at a wall .
va	I	Avery was giving Trinity a knowing smile , but they shook their heads .
va	O	She was wearing a white robe with gold embroidery , and it looked as if she was naked beneath it .
va	I	Jess shivered with excitement , and his touch was gentle .
va	O	He stood up abruptly , and I tensed , waiting .
va	I	I don 't know what else to do , and I was kicked out of my apartment .
va	O	A green flash from the corner of her eyes caught her attention and she saw that Declan was using his defensive magic against the hunters .
va	O	He occasionally had butter on bread at home if no one was watching , but he never ate it in public .
va	I	It 's hard to keep anything from them , and we share a powerful secret .
va	O	He 'd make a great father some day , but Liza wasn 't going to be a mother .
va	I	It was too late , but he quickly corrected himself .
va	O	He moved out the door and I finally felt the air .
va	O	The kid 's a star and we don 't have him .
va	O	She preferred ' Countess ' but Hugh had never indulged her .
va	O	The three of them went into the consulting room , and they all sat down in the usual formation .
va	O	We were located in different states , but that didn 't matter .
va	O	It might be after two in the morning , but Vegas was still in full swing .
va	O	That was part of his character and he was well aware of it .
va	O	She did , but Claire still felt heartsick .
va	O	Before her eyes his torso lengthened , fur sprouted , and his angelic face transformed into that of a wolf .
va	O	Many girls had noticed him , but he only had eyes for one elusive girl .
va	O	We 'll either bring the fight to them or we 'll let them bring it to us .
va	I	She jumped and he barked .
va	I	Her insides felt all twisted up and her head was throbbing .
va	I	My breathing was ragged , and my heartbeat was thundering in my chest .
va	O	Hope you don 't mind , but Art gave me a call .
va	I	Lavender was directly opposite , and she was sitting on the long side of a rectangular metal framed table with a wood effect laminated chipboard top .
va	I	No one would wonder what had happened to him , and he could skip school for days , weeks even .
va	O	I looked at the bar where my parents had both been working at the time of the blast , but they were gone .
va	I	Then we 'll go inside , and Let 's put Squire in the stable .
va	O	The shower was heavenly and Mandi enjoyed it thoroughly .
va	O	I need time to coordinate the effort , or he 'll know .
va	O	I 've been engaged twice during the last two months , and I never got a wedding .
va	I	Simon gives me a look that tells me to cut it out and I smirk .
va	I	My breath caught as he spoke and Luke 's voice changed .
va	O	You called me a coward , but this is the ultimate cowardice .
va	I	You won 't like me when I catch you , and try to run .
va	O	This might have been a good time for a hug , but I was far too messy to even come near her .
va	I	She wove such a spell of enchantment around men without even realizing it , and she was such a compassionate little thing .
va	O	She felt as if she were freezing to death , but at least she would die happy with Josh pressed intimately against her .
va	I	Not one of them looked happy to be there , and there couldn 't have been more than a hundred people .
va	O	He 's not made for the apocalypse , but he tries his best .
va	I	The hands did not let him go until he was steady , but he wavered .
va	O	I 'm not saying you need to marry him , but you damn sure need to sleep with him .
va	O	Our scouts are afraid to get too close , but they say the city is like a graveyard .
va	O	I know this must be hard for them , and yet I draw comfort from them being here .
va	O	Your conduct has been noted by several people and I have received complaints .
va	O	The bell rang and class was over .
va	O	She didn 't belong here , and yet she brightened the space like a beacon .
va	O	There was no steady pump of adrenaline , as would accompany a sanctioned hunt , but it would come later .
va	I	For just a second , she seemed to relax , and Bindi 's shoulders dropped .
va	O	The boys grinned at each other , but none of us saw what was coming next .
va	I	He wasn 't real small either , but he wasn 't a huge guy .
va	O	Aiden started around me and true terror stole my breath .
va	O	The element was abundant tonight and Auron took advantage of it .
va	O	A sharp pain hit his groin , and he sat on the edge of the bed .
va	I	They fight dirty , and they fight often .
va	I	A section of the ceiling collapsed in the place where she had been sitting moments ago and there was a crash .
va	I	I wasn 't sure he was breathing , either , and he watched Persephone with wide , unblinking eyes .
va	I	It is normal beauty , beauty you forget as soon as the star peeks over the horizon , but it is very beautiful .
va	I	His body sprang to life at the effect his touch had on her and her lips parted .
va	O	As much as I hated him at the moment , he needed me , and I wanted to hold him .
va	O	The scene was tranquil , and the inn spotless .
va	I	She took her own life , and I actually spent many years taking care of her until I was about seventeen .
va	O	She was only 6 years old at the time , and having to experience that was awful .
va	I	They disappear and I place both of our bags into the waste bin .
va	I	Nathan wins the contest and I take it easy .
va	O	Not really I felt like saying , but instead , I nodded .
va	O	Alexandra recoiled and Jonathan had to look away .
va	I	I needed to tell them about that woman , and the girls are usually online at this time .
va	I	She wanted to wipe off his smug grin and he smiled in triumph .
va	I	If he ever owed a debt for having loved me , he has surely paid it , and Julian is bleeding from a dozen different cuts .
va	O	We will try that on him , but it may just take some days .
va	O	It was really a terribly cliche song , but I suppose it set the mood for the night .
va	I	I could hear their footsteps across my bare wooden floor , and the light flicked on .
va	I	The carousel began to turn , and the music started up .
va	O	April may seem silly with her love of bright , sparkly things , but she got me through the aftermath of my own brother 's death .
va	I	She began to panic , and the sun was going down .
va	I	It wasn 't good , but nobody knew what to expect .
va	I	I just lay there , but I should say something .
va	I	The woman calls my bluff , and we reach the end of the hallway .
va	O	I tried to jerk away again , but she seized me with both hands .
va	I	Mundane law must be observed as well , but our own Law is foremost in importance .
va	O	Kylie tried to relax , but the tension in her shoulders remained knotted .
va	O	I don 't know how she does this , but she 's always on top of everything .
va	O	That sounded suspiciously like him being considerate , and she hadn 't expected that from him .
va	I	He keeps his eyes focused on the table , but he has relaxed a little .
va	O	She was falling in love with this man and that was something she couldn 't allow .
va	O	Daniel did the same to her , and they touched each other .
va	O	It looked innocuous enough , but appearances were often deceiving .
va	I	There was a feeling of hollowness inside , and the doors at both ends of the hangar were wide open .
va	O	Their fierce whispers drew Mickey 's attention and he waved a hello to Connelly , then pointed to himself , seeing if he should join them .
va	I	You have to love me and I have to love you .
va	O	Rico saw that there were more boats burning now , maybe a dozen , and firefighters were trying to push them away from the others .
va	O	Mina tried to pull Willa with her , but the other woman dug her heels in .
va	O	I 'm at the edge of my control , but I will not hurt you .
va	I	I no longer detect the fur but his hands are warm .
va	I	I found joy in that little groan , and Nate groaned at the thought .
va	O	The sky unleashed a firehose of water , and the rain become a goddamn downpour .
va	I	She let him , relaxing as the sun melted her limbs and he pulled her into his lap .
va	I	A pile of bronze markers on the other side his desk , and there was a pile of marble grave markers on one side of his desk .
va	O	He didn 't look up when I entered and I silently watched him for a moment from the doorway .
va	O	She submits to my kiss , and for a few seconds I experience heaven .
va	O	He had enjoyed their company early in his adolescence , but it had become apparent that he 'd always be a step away .
va	I	No , you had to drag me out here with you but I was just going to go to bed in my quarters .
va	I	Tessa could not hear it , but he shouted something at Jessamine .
va	O	Genie 's eyes watered and her face was red .
va	I	They continued walking through the streets , and he took her arm .
va	O	I didn 't want to be , but I had never experienced this before .
va	I	Nicola wasn 't with her , but her sister could be dying right this second .
va	I	He 'd simply wrung every last drop from her , but she really was a fiery , spirited little thing .
va	O	Noelle 's eyes widened , but there was simply no visible light available .
va	O	I panicked , and I am embarrassed .
va	I	The skin on her arms prickles with goosebumps and she trembles slightly .
va	O	Its body seemed to be writhing under its black robe , and terrible , inarticulate noises came out from under its hood .
va	I	This time he had heard nothing , but she always checked in from the docking bay .
va	I	With no way of releasing it , I suffered through the heart-wrenching pain , but panic bubbled inside of me .
va	O	I tried to laugh , but there was a thrill in the pit of my stomach .
va	I	His expression shattered , and I pulled away .
va	I	It was still his choice to make , but Modesty might not mean anything to him .
va	O	He mashed the bush down , and it absorbed the brunt of the impact .
va	O	It may take fifty years , but we get there in the end .
va	O	We had so few moments left , and I felt annoyed .
va	I	I was never confused for anything like that and it was the most complicated thing in the world .
va	I	You know you ain 't had to pay a dime for it and he 's been makin ' the NIL for a long while now .
va	O	His work is trash , and any aspiring young photographer should steer clear of him .
va	O	She searched desperately inside , but she found nothing .
va	O	I snap my gaze back up to his and he 's standing across the bar from me .
va	O	I look at him and he looks away .
va	I	Elijah was never wrong , and Elijah had claimed Aden was now lost to the beast .
va	I	He seemed to will it away with a deep breath , but Anger flashed across his face .
va	O	Marcia looked at Sally as if to say , And it will be you he 'll be asking .
va	I	They tumbled out and the tunnel suddenly opened up to a bigger one .
va	I	She was trembling , too afraid to come out so I went to her instead , but I called to her .
va	I	Brent grinned uneasily and I did so .
va	O	I paused , considering that , and Vlad yanked me to him .
va	I	I would know her no matter how many doubles of her roamed this world , and this is my grandchild .
va	I	For a moment , he thought maybe the wind had heard him , and the wind carried Esme 's floral scent to him .
va	I	Then again , he never really did have much trouble with his schoolwork , but they all seemed too easy .
va	O	Angelo Andretti was nowhere near as handsome as Fletcher , who would undoubtedly consider him a comedown for Tammy , but she didn 't care about that .
va	I	Aaron was waiting politely for introductions , and Colby was regarding Aaron with a cold expression .
va	O	He could feel it coming together , but some things were still too vague .
va	I	She began sobbing and her voice broke .
va	O	She was obviously flirting and Marcus 's smile said he enjoyed it .
va	O	He relaxed , and there was a finality in his voice that I didn 't like .
va	I	We stopped and 500 yards out I raised my hand .
va	I	Perry sent Kylie another look of empathy , and Della grunted .
va	O	I turn to her and I start talking fast .
va	I	She never spoke a truer word and Edith had looked upon it as grounding for independence .
va	I	I start to pace and nervous energy floods my body .
va	I	He wouldn 't release her , but Savannah tried to pull away .
va	O	He rises , takes her hand and it is a repeat show .
va	O	I 'm still shaking from the shot the handler gave me , but I can 't help wonder if the doctor is right .
va	O	Her head was throbbing from where he 'd slammed her against the desk , but the adrenaline pumping through her helped to clear her mind .
va	I	You are my henchmen and I 'm the evil overlord .
va	O	Sierra 's convoy placed her on the stage and she was quickly pulled into Damien 's arms .
va	I	She lifted her head off my body and eventually I shifted my stance .
va	I	The princess felt comforted , and Juliet stood behind Taya just now .
va	O	Ashe was grumbling and he knew it .
va	I	I didn 't see him but I hesitantly peeked my eyes up .
va	I	They might show up any day , but neither was there .
va	I	The sky was lifting him up and it felt like he was inflating .
va	I	Yet , I can 't seem to get past it and I know that .
va	O	The last months were nothing she 'd like to relive , but she 'd come to grips with life in a sense .
va	O	The others gasped , and the man went pale , swallowing hard .
va	O	Gabriel wearily transformed into human form once supper was over , and they locked themselves inside their tent .
va	I	This was Scanlon 's call to make on what could be shared about their test project , but his chair got all the more uncomfortable .
va	O	She glanced around , and it finally registered .
va	I	He didn 't dare try to stand up and he could hardly breathe .
va	I	Maybe that made it worse , but they were strangers to her .
va	I	It was too dark to see but Corsair assured them they were there .
va	O	The light breeze teased us but I felt warm from Jackson 's body nestled against mine .
va	I	Hamilton helped zip it up part way and she scooted back into her sleeping bag .
va	O	I 'm taking risks , but I have no choice .
va	O	I gasped , painfully taking in air , and I laughed .
va	I	It 's almost contagious , and she 's grinning , too .
va	I	A door opened several elevators down and just as she was about to press the up arrow the bell went off .
va	I	He drew in a deep breath and his gaze shifted to Samuel .
va	I	The last historic graveyard Kelly had been in had almost killed him , but he was pretty hungover .
va	O	I wake up screaming , and I can 't stand the smell of cooking meat .
va	I	Howard got his ears burnt , but both vehicles sustained minimal damage .
va	O	I had never been very graceful , and putting me on a large horse in a ball gown was just asking for an embarrassing accident to happen .
va	O	Her heart was racing now and prickles raced across her skin .
va	O	I came to warn you about your cousin , but you clearly don 't care .
va	O	I had no idea where I was going , but I had to go somewhere .
va	I	She too had figured out Captain Craig 's plan and Jeff was hopeful that Jenny was safely ashore .
va	O	Rudy looked skeptical , and he 'd felt the flinch as he mentioned handcuffs , too .
va	I	That , for me , is enough and my memory has returned .
va	I	She shivered at the first feel of his hard body against her soft contours and he lowered his body over hers .
va	I	She 'd squandered , and Everything she 'd once made him lavish on her ?
va	I	He knows it , and that 's what they are .
va	I	Rafe would be looking for me , and sundown , I thought .
va	I	I do care for you , but I know I 'm not the most dependable of men .
va	I	Something had to be said , but I had no idea what I would say to Jonathan .
va	I	I 'm out with my good friends , and I have my woman here with me .
va	I	James relaxed and he chuckled .
va	O	Luke desperately wanted to go to her , but he couldn 't because it could be a Hold , although Luke doubted it .
va	O	she asked , seeming casual , but I could tell she was curious .
va	O	I try to approach her , as does Victoria , but the second man holds his gun up .
va	O	The room was abuzz with noise , and no one could quiet them down .
va	I	She wouldn 't listen , but * I tried , Yas .
va	I	I 'm sure we will have time to fill in any gaps , but the letter appears to be somewhat vague about you , as well .
va	I	Little Miss was running the show , but Andrew might be paying the bills .
va	I	He was breathing hard , gasping for breath , and his heart was pounding .
va	O	Emelia was still conscious that there was more to be said between the three of them , but clearly these unresolved issues would have to wait .
va	O	Its mouth was just below the centre of its orange face and it appeared to be smiling .
va	I	The light was seeping out all over the room , but the Stone was in a darkly tinted glass container .
va	I	When I did , my voice came out as a croak , and it took me a moment to regain the ability to speak .
va	O	She took my hand and I could hardly breathe .
va	I	Alix could feel the intensity of his emotion but his voice was impassive .
va	I	She was afraid her response was more of a growl than a polite reply , but she tried to smile at the stewardess who greeted her .
va	I	He looked at me and I took his hand .
va	O	It makes me smile , but I 'm also kinda pissed he abandoned me in the car .
va	I	It made him laugh harder and I slapped his shoulder .
va	I	There wasn 't much I could do , but I felt horrible for leaving them behind .
va	I	Liz quickly recovered blinking away tears and she grinned .
va	I	He burst out of the unwound fabric in hissing indignation , and Laurence had to unhook it to disentangle him .
va	I	He harshly pulled my head still as his own thrusts took over for my bobbing head and his hands wrapped tightly in my hair .
va	I	Now she drew herself up with some dignity , and she 'd caught her breath .
va	I	Somehow that was worse , and she never growled .
va	O	I have a few errands to run , and Dash will show you to your room .
va	I	The heavy drone of the engines lulled both to sleep , and Emerson rested her head on Dean 's arm somewhere over Colorado .
va	O	He offered many alternatives to the questions , several of which were tempting compromises , but I detected traps in all his propositions .
va	I	The folks bought it up , and seemed like a good deal .
va	I	I was ready for it , but I had no idea what the weekend would hold in store for us .
va	I	Sylvia was just running down the stairs and I walked in the house .
va	I	Dope left her head filled with a dull cloudiness that drove her nuts , but drinking too much wine gave her a headache .
va	O	For several days , no one knew what exactly had happened , but it became clear very soon .
va	I	He knew insulting Asians wasn 't a good idea , but he was new to the whole foreign negotiating thing himself .
va	I	I could see that his sharp fangs were out , and he parted his lips .
va	O	It seemed such a trivial thing to pray about , but Stacy had never wanted anything this badly .
va	I	As soon as he sees that my white singlet top is saturated , a sexy smirk grows on his face , but he apologizes .
va	O	They probably didn 't believe me , and that was a fresh pain .
va	I	I cannot blame him , and Damen will never listen to me .
va	O	They need me and they know it .
va	I	She realized she probably did have some cuts and the frigid water burned her scalp .
va	I	Her girlfriends were important to her as well , but she hated that she felt that way .
va	I	Some of it 's too low and some of it 's too high .
va	I	It 's all right , but I 'm too busy to go home much right now .
va	I	This is definitely it , but they did look at me in a funny way , sir .
va	O	The phone rang and he thought it might be Greta calling about menu selections for the restaurant .
va	I	Jenny pre-empted him with a smile , but Timmy opened his mouth as if was about to refuse .
va	O	I was physically present , but my mind was elsewhere .
va	I	She pulled him through , and the shimmery film appeared when she stretched out her hand .
va	O	Dennis comes along and I hop on .
va	I	I shivered as we grew closer and a drastic chill emanated from them .
va	I	The floor creaked and his feet stepped back automatically .
va	O	The roads were empty and we had already long left the main drag when the road started to narrow .
va	I	You take the rest of the time off and I 'll pay you the twelve hundred dollars .
va	O	I 'll move on with my life , and you can do the same .
va	I	In this case I expect to be harassed , but normally , our patrols go unmolested .
va	I	Her vision was filled with the sweet face of her daughter and her eyes flew open .
va	O	A deep shudder rolled through her body , and the tears that had threatened slowly slid down her cheeks .
va	I	All three heads snapped around to face him again , and he asked .
va	I	She could do whatever the hell she wanted with the money , and he 'd already drawn up an addendum that created a trust for her .
va	O	The man might be a fraud , but he was a master with hair .
va	I	It isn 't true but people have even said that I have no neck .
va	O	I left them in my room but I 'm not planning on wearing them anytime soon .
va	I	That scared her more than anything , and she felt happy .
va	I	You can talk about it , but I know you didn 't want to say in front of everyone .
va	I	The dog made no objection to his approach , but the Doberman 's black eyes followed him closely .
va	I	I have already decided I need more dedication to my physical condition but I 'm going to be on this recovery programme for a while .
va	I	Before too long they were taking their initial bows , and the musicians got themselves ready .
va	O	She didn 't normally drink much , but if there was ever a time she needed to fortify her courage , it was now .
va	O	We would not die in this cramped room , desperate , starving , and God only knew how far below the surface of the earth .
va	I	I stepped back in shock , and the door flew open .
va	O	I wasn 't special , and this was the fate I 'd been given .
va	I	I slip out and he tugs gently .
va	O	He tried not to smirk at Maddox , but he failed .
va	I	He 'd humor the lady a bit longer but that door was going to open any second .
va	I	He graced her with another cheerful smile and the waitress arrived with Max 's coffee .
va	I	Evan answered , and I called .
va	O	My head rested in the crook of his neck , and he twirled my hair between his fingers .
va	O	It was chaos , and anyone who wanted to flee was now at liberty to do so .
va	O	I let out a breath , but it shook .
va	I	I couldn 't make out why from so far away , but one of the jumps looked different .
va	O	Henrietta had found out about the ball late , after all , and according to Marcia , the special tickets had sold like hotcakes .
va	O	Jagger had made the crop circles and Luna wanted me to know it .
va	O	A young man looks into the mirror and another looks through .
va	O	She should leave well enough alone , but the need to know where she stood with everyone , even Storm , gnawed at her .
va	O	I have heard it many times but I have never heard the definition .
va	O	He chanted the words that had become synonymous with safety and we headed out .
va	I	Her eyes were still the same , but plastic surgery had changed her appearance .
va	I	Kai informed her that most met was imported from the human world , and they ate hotdogs from a roadside stand .
va	I	Then I felt it , and I started toward her .
va	I	I use both of them and my baths all have two sinks .
va	O	She nipped his finger on the tip and he jerked back , freeing his thumb .
va	O	The clouds came once again and he slept .
va	I	Luke just laughed , but she rolled her eyes at us .
va	O	I would 've spent hours in that shower , but I didn 't want him gawking at me anymore .
va	I	I 'd found it delicious , and we 'd eaten there once .
va	O	He gives me a look , like he wants to say more , but then he changes the subject , relaxing back in the chair .
va	I	Hal certainly didn 't love her , and Barry had never inspired such a depth of feeling even when he had been at his most loving .
va	I	I set my hand over hers , and reluctantly she offered me her palm .
va	O	He attacked the mechanic , and he attacked Morris .
va	I	We could 've been together and all these fucking years apart .
va	I	Then his expression lightened , and his bushy eyebrows furrowed .
va	O	He gave a respectful nod , and Jimmy returned the gesture .
va	I	Things could be worse , but it wasn 't much .
va	I	I wouldn 't have felt safe , but I could have put it away .
va	O	They drew nearer , and Victoria looked up at a single ornate spire that rose atop a hill above them .
va	O	Then there was another hiss , and a side door slid open .
va	I	Mason had secrets she hadn 't even begun to tap , but he might have side-stepped all suspicion as the serial killer .
va	I	She had a lot of other grievances against him , and the man had taken her against her will .
va	O	The headlamps barely cut through the rain , showing only a few feet in any direction and the men were rightfully nervous .
va	O	The limited trade on the Isle of the Winds was re-established , but foreign merchants were still not allowed inside the city of Riva .
va	O	He hadn 't made contact again by then and when I rang his mobile I got the unobtainable sound .
va	I	Eleanor warmed with the power of it , and Hart grew even harder under her touch .
va	I	As far as she was concerned it was far superior , but her own home was half the size .
va	O	My back was sore and I was all twisted .
va	I	The girl knew what she was doing , but she might be a little graphic .
va	O	Brian is out of my life and I 've got a restraining order .
va	O	It was sunny and the air smelled like cut grass .
va	O	There have been good days and there have been bad days .
va	O	Something is out there , Iron Queen , something dark , and it has the power to turn your son from you .
va	I	This opportunity won 't come again , and you 're twenty eight years old .
va	I	Mary Evans suddenly appeared , standing just in front of Romy , almost like she was superimposed over her , and blue light pulsed all around her .
va	O	The young man who was disarmed sneered in return , and the girl was shaking with fear .
va	O	It was a wooden house and it smelled pleasantly of wood .
va	I	I heard the edge of bitterness , but he kept his tone light .
va	O	Her cheeks have hollowed out since we 've been here , and she has dark circles under her eyes the size of half dollars .
va	O	My body shook and my teeth rattled .
va	I	The old man 's ears perked up and there was a rustling in the trees .
va	O	There was an ominous creaking and grinding along the top of the hill as the weakened wall began to sway .
va	O	I didn 't know the location , but I knew it had to be where they were keeping Kat .
va	O	The force of the rushing water wasn 't at all to her liking and she shied while trying her best to turn around .
va	O	This was a dream after all , but everything was amazingly detailed .
va	I	It was entirely his fault , and she was going to die .
va	O	She was cracking under it already and I hadn 't even started yet .
va	O	Billy Moore is a crazy , homicidal maniac , and he hit Robert in the face .
va	O	I fell far behind , and she arrived at the manor house before I did .
va	I	We continued to fight and I attacked them again .
va	I	She could feel his engorged arousal pressed against her hip and he was pressed to her side .
va	O	A moan escaped her , and her eyes flickered open .
va	I	The doctors finally decided to let Brendan go home and it was the late hours of the afternoon .
va	O	She had sensed it on more than one occasion , but she had never worried that he might hurt her .
va	I	I don 't take it , but she offers me the floppy .
va	O	There are two of them in the country , and they 're both on the West Coast .
va	O	Hostility dripped from his body , and he took one antagonistic step forward .
va	O	I may have been a beginner with guys , but that much I knew clearly .
va	O	Might 've been my imagination , but I swore I could see the glint of the metal bolt in his tongue as he wet his lips .
va	O	My eyebrows relaxed and I let out a quiet breath , trying not to look too relieved .
va	O	I don 't understand what is going on with everyone , but we have to protect them .
va	O	I know what I want to do right now , but I force myself to take control of the urge to be deep inside her .
va	I	Demeter flinched , and I demanded .
va	I	Sarah sighed and the call ended .
va	O	I kicked Austin 's shoe , and he rolled his eyes open at me .
va	I	The doctor emerges and the door opens .
va	I	I focused completely on eating and we both lapsed into silence .
va	O	I opened the door , and a stale , tangy odor wafted toward me , tickling the back of my throat .
va	O	I 'm not entirely clear about what 's going on right now , but I can tell you there 's not going to be a wedding .
va	O	Elijah screamed , and my chest hurt .
va	I	He was totally free , and I was restrained now .
va	I	She felt it and he was lying .
te	O	Words didn 't seem like enough , but she forced them out , meaning them .
te	O	A human would blind themselves doing this and yet here I am staring directly at it .
te	O	He touched my cheek like he had before practice , and his smile held a longing that squeezed my heart .
te	O	His search was without direction , having never bothered to learn Charlie 's lessons about tracking , but he persisted nonetheless .
te	I	Together they had a group hug and Ella came over .
te	O	The trunk of a tree was standing in the water , and he had hit it full on .
te	O	He needed to master ' Brand New Cadillac ' , and he needed to choose an outfit for the audition .
te	O	Dennis was relieved when Elspeth waved off his attempts at helping her , and more than a little jealous when she climbed to her feet unaided .
te	I	She 's rich and she 's beautiful .
te	I	The place was full of people with head wounds but we thought we might have to make up some story .
te	O	It was a little unusual , but it worked out fairly well .
te	I	She looked up to find him standing in her doorway and it was as if the air started sparking with electricity .
te	O	she said , and she kicked him .
te	O	A bitter wind rolled over them , but his sweater provided more than enough protection with the added heat of being this close to her .
te	O	As soon as Ryder started singing the lyrics I shot him a sharp look , but he shook his head to deny it .
te	O	I grinned at him , and my gaze moved on .
te	I	He followed her , but he issued the orders , called in the backup .
te	I	She replied with a cheeky wink and I gave my thanks to Becky .
te	I	You 're paying the price in failed missions , and you 're running operations with too little funding .
te	I	The World 's Greatest Wrestler , Direct from Egypt , landed on his back with a thud , and then the other leg collapsed .
te	I	Nothing else happened , but Nate was braced for something more .
te	I	This was certainly not the right time to share , and I hadn 't yet told Ashland that William had been my sort-of boyfriend .
te	O	I walked into the house , and Ariana led me toward her room .
te	I	His fingers rubbed against his temple and his hand lifted .
te	O	Her hand was on Jackson 's shoulder and he liked the way her fingers felt , even through his tan t-shirt .
te	I	He answered it with little hesitation and my number was one he did not recognise .
te	O	The world spun , and I frantically flung my arms out , just barely grabbing the inside of the window .
te	I	I respected that , and she seemed real .
te	I	I knew , and she smiled at me , as if she trusted me more than anyone else in the world .
te	I	Your presence was felt and you were away from my protection .
te	I	Pouncing on the man and breaking the door in .
te	O	The government would not benefit from a change at this juncture , but I am tired .
te	O	There was no time and there was no place to escape to .
te	O	On the drive down I described the incident of the morning , but Elise didn 't seem all that concerned .
te	I	It took only a minute for me to fall asleep , and I was extremely exhausted .
te	I	I get in the hall to find him already at the door and he doesn 't answer .
te	O	She disappeared a moment later , and he was clasping only air .
te	I	Your lips are tinted blue , and there are circles under your eyes .
te	O	He 'd foolishly thought he 'd be rescuing her from hell and she 'd greet him with open arms .
te	I	The odors arising from the dump nauseated him , and Elliot 's head ached .
te	O	This was a frequent occurrence ( every key on the mad piano had been replaced multiple times ) , but the crowd frenzied regardless .
te	O	I was watching you the other day , and you are pretty good .
te	I	Dennis hurriedly answered , and the display showed that it was Luke calling .
te	I	It 's almost impossible , but I try my hardest not to alter my expression .
te	O	As it was , the handkerchief was actually a pair of panties -- and Eddie had no idea what to make of that .
te	O	Sky rolled her eyes , but Jax seemed not to notice .
te	O	She doesn 't actually use air quotes , but I can hear them in her voice .
te	O	He offered his hand , and Julie took it cautiously .
te	O	I wasn 't sure I agreed with that ... but she made a compelling argument .
te	I	It is a chicken , but I beg your pardon .
te	O	It wouldn 't be easy for a woman of her age and it was his duty to make sure that everything went well .
te	I	Getting them to see her point felt crucial , but Kylie almost feared disagreeing with Burnett when he was in this kind of mood .
te	O	I 'd already gone through all her jewelry and Gran had already gotten all her important papers .
te	O	I hoped everything would work this time and Carol would carry the pregnancy full-term .
te	O	This certainly wouldn 't have been the way she envisioned ever broadening her horizons , but she didn 't have a choice .
te	O	The large room was packed with people and she spotted Dia right away , sitting on the couch .
te	I	He seems thrilled that I did , but I don 't even know why I say his name aloud .
te	I	Tessa felt constrained not to break his concentration and he said nothing to her .
te	O	My very soul broke at the sight of him and I could feel the same radiating through this body .
te	I	This time his eyes flashed indignation and his brows fell again .
te	O	For awhile I was hopeful , but it 's been over a year now .
te	I	He stopped short of telling Sam that how Mike treated his woman was none of his damned business , and he supposed some things would never change .
te	O	His songs were playing all over the airwaves and Kate couldn 't flip the damn radio on without hearing one of his chart-topping hits .
te	I	My Bill was suffering that now , and I knew that silver caused unremitting agony to a vampire .
te	O	Nothing like that had been established , and it was probably for the best at the moment .
te	I	It had only been a couple of hours since she had completely regained control of herself , and if she did , she would start crying again .
te	O	His high from the ride was already fading , and I knew he 'd be impossible to live with once it was entirely gone .
te	O	He held his breath for a moment , and then let the air out slowly .
te	O	He knew who the woman was , and with that knowledge , a sense of impending doom settled over him .
te	O	I asked Edward to tell me what he knew as quickly as he could , and he obliged .
te	I	Utter silence descended , and they stilled .
te	O	Cain glanced in my direction and I knew my eyes must have dropped through to black .
te	O	All three are witches at heart , and it 's impossible for one of our kind to kill a member of her own family .
te	I	There was no way Georgie was letting Heather near the phone , but Georgie 's mom , miraculously , hadn 't spoiled anything with Neal .
te	O	He didn 't want to act like none of his past life existed , and he didn 't want to treat anyone like a zombie .
te	I	That 's about all , no specifics and I can do some background checking .
te	I	He 's going about it in the wrong way , but I know where he 's coming from .
te	O	I know deep down that MacKenzie will always be his little girl and I hope someday that I get that with a daughter of my own .
te	O	She grinned at him as her cheeks colored and she bowed her head .
te	I	She wasn 't sure what to say , but she was visibly pleased by this suggestion .
te	I	Hatred does , but Crying doesn 't help anything .
te	I	He swore it was the truth and that ' s what T-Bone said .
te	O	she gasped out , trying to push his head away but he wouldn 't let her .
te	I	Suddenly Gabrielle was being jostled from all sides and another reporter shouted yet a different question .
te	O	James considered following Hempel to his green Buick in the parking lot , but he shook his head , forcing himself to stop thinking that way .
te	I	It felt like years , but he knew it had only been a week .
te	O	Actually , she couldn 't manage without him , but she refused to admit that to anyone else .
te	I	I 've heard it more than once , but I really doubted the whole eating them theory .
te	I	It might have taken months of additional time , but maybe we would have got it ourselves eventually .
te	I	I do not need hope and I do not need faith .
te	I	The act of packing calmed her somewhat , but she headed upstairs , worry dogging her .
te	O	The warm water hit my skin and I felt my body slowly awakening .
te	O	He did so and nothing much happened .
te	O	She leaned toward her human and her delight was hard to bear .
te	I	The dreaded list still looms in the background , but Jack 's face is nestled in my thoughts .
te	O	I smiled kindly at them and I walked over to them .
te	O	I trip over my own feet , and Will steadies me .
te	O	It had been as if he didn 't even exist to her , but now , out of the blue , she wanted him to visit .
te	O	Any other child would have cried but he waits quietly , aware that it will be offered again .
te	I	This was a chance to help him and Jerry had not worked in a while .
te	O	He just kept walking and I didn 't follow .
te	O	I shake my head , but my lips turn upward .
te	O	I unwrapped the red cloth , and the katana blade shimmered in the light .
te	I	You weren 't even a bit surprised but I mean , you two are Christian .
te	I	She wants to release all that stuff of the past into the public and she is a journalist .
te	O	Evening was encroaching of course , but it seemed darker even than that .
te	I	She fairly scampered down the paved driveway , but Fiji was not much of a runner .
te	I	I will do as I must , and you will do as you wish .
te	O	His eyes dart around the parking lot like he 's looking for an escape , and he sighs before locking eyes with me again .
te	I	I strained to conform and it went against my nature .
te	O	He 'd had one in his wallet and it had been recklessly stupid of him not to keep control of what he was doing .
te	O	I picked up Mr. Black 's notes and compared , hoping it was a coincidence .
te	O	I crept toward the bedroom and there , I found him .
te	I	She was too tired to have it , but there should have been another thought .
te	I	His right ankle twisted , and he misjudged the distance as he jumped from the lower branches .
te	O	I never considered myself to be a good dancer , but it was easy with Logan .
te	O	Sleep didn 't come but he wasn 't feeling the despair in the same way either .
te	I	I hated myself for that , and my stomach growled .
te	O	She knew it wasn 't professional and she even thought they could be friends , if everything would be different .
te	O	Finally we 're alone , and the hallway is quiet .
te	I	She had no idea where to go , and none of these departments seemed at all relevant to Thomas ' case .
te	O	My forehead warmed and the fever swept over me , consuming me in a roaring blaze that made it hard to see .
te	I	At least I wasn 't lying on my back anymore , but I didn 't know how much better it actually was .
te	O	Everyone had known she was the snitch , and they 'd steered clear of her .
te	O	He toyed with my emotions to death , and I 'm not even sure if he 's done .
te	O	Her brother had never been especially flirty , and he was far from a ladies ' man .
te	I	He reached a hand across the intervening space to brush her cheek with caressing fingertips , and Jess 's laughter faded at her discomfort .
te	I	She looked like my Elise again and I can just say her expression changed .
te	I	The two of them had to help her , but she struggled to sit up .
te	O	Dim blue lights light the room and my eyes are slow to adjust .
te	O	His skin is so tanned that it 's hard to tell , but I 'm sure I see a slight flush in his cheeks .
te	I	I know I should have seen it sooner and I look at the image of us together .
te	I	She couldn 't get up and she was more the type to have fallen .
te	O	Rhyme 's face burned with fire , and the staff was glowing with a ravishing light .
te	I	He was even sexier from behind , but she didn 't think it possible .
te	O	I was still the daughter of a Titan , and no matter what Zeus did , I always would be .
te	O	His sleeves were rolled up , and a tie hung loose at his collar -- silk , gray with a black diamond pattern .
te	I	He could detect no break , but the ankle was swelling up .
te	I	It came time to share and we went through the process .
te	I	There were still a ton , but that minimized the number .
te	O	She needed to get up to cover the window and she also needed to stoke the fire if they were to be warm the night through .
te	I	I couldn 't help it , but I knew I sounded irritated .
te	I	He 'd totally missed the point , but she didn 't want to argue .
te	O	She rolled with the fall , but when she came up her back hit a tree .
te	I	We may need female thinking and she 's a woman .
te	I	One of my shoes is lost in the river , and my arm starts to throb at my side .
te	O	The tunnel would be cleared in a few days and the whole project would still be completed on schedule .
te	I	I needed a change of subject , but maybe I was pushing too far .
te	I	The light shone along the ocean making it glisten , and the sun was setting .
te	O	The blond cop 's phone rang , and he lunged to answer it .
te	O	His body relaxed and he breathed easy again .
te	O	She smiled at him and he caught his breath .
te	O	Eleanora didn 't seem pleased with his company , but she didn 't fear him like the witches did .
te	O	A small fire is going again and we 're finishing the fox .
te	O	He would never leave her , and she would never leave him .
te	O	His blurred body indicated how he was trying not to fall , but it was no use -- he was about to .
te	O	A tear streamed down his left cheek and he stared blankly for a few moments .
te	I	Michelle steps in looking like she got in a fight with a bale of hay , and there 's a light knock at the door .
te	O	Mo played along and after about fifteen seconds , both of the boys yelled loudly into their respective microphones .
te	O	She rolled her eyes and it made her wince .
te	O	He opened his mouth , but no sound came out .
te	O	The ground trembled , and Lydia released me .
te	I	He laughed and I whispered to Zane .
te	O	Okay , Gabriel ´ s not exactly my favorite person in the world , but my home is riding on his shoulders now !
te	I	Since his exile , he 's learned emotional behaviors that take him even further from the standard , and Vel was an anomaly on his homeworld .
te	I	This one was a pygmy , but the roof outline in the dark resembled what he had seen of fire towers .
te	I	Surely she had gotten it wrong , but she had finally set the thing .
te	I	Gorman would have her for dinner or he had to keep her close .
te	O	It is hard work , but the attempt is not impossible .
te	I	He was sure it outweighed him , and its shoulder would be even with his hip if they were standing side by side .
te	I	The rain had stopped and the wind had died down now .
te	I	A life in the outdoors had lined it , shaped it , but his face was still youthful .
te	I	I exclaimed and a light bulb flashed in my head .
te	O	Mr Clint retired shortly after I started working for the company , but Mr Tide seemed to be defying the test of time .
te	I	God did , but they did not know their own future .
te	O	Her lower lip trembled , but she seemed to be making a valiant effort to keep herself in check .
te	O	They all knew Ash was powerful , but he 'd never seen the Atlantean do something like that .
te	I	I do anyway , but I ´ m afraid to see what I might find .
te	I	I was seriously going to lose it or I needed some real answers .
te	O	By fought I mean that I insisted loudly on paying half , and he responded with beleaguered silence .
te	O	She couldn 't see what he was seeing , but she had the sharp impression of it .
te	O	Cronus had the smile of an airbrushed movie star , and it only made him more unnerving .
te	I	Was forced to her knees and to gasp again for breath .
te	I	She was clearly trying for lightness , but her mother 's voice sounded tense .
te	O	Alexandra opened her mouth to argue , but the duchess had already turned to Tony .
te	I	He was four and he was my best friend since before I was three .
te	O	Bianca , I understand why you don 't want anything to do with me , but I have a son .
te	O	His fingers tightened in hers and he smiled into her hair .
te	I	She wasn 't the type to go to a dive bar alone , but Hanna wasn 't one to turn down a cosmopolitan at a party .
te	O	His chest hurt and he wondered if he was having a heart attack on top of all the other problems he was facing .
te	I	She tried to keep her presence in the web completely neutral , and her eyes were on Gabriel .
te	I	He 'd claimed ownership of her childhood home , and he 'd run her father 's business into the ground shortly after taking over .
te	O	It didn 't even mention a comet , but someone had drawn one next to it .
te	O	I was sitting on my knees in the middle of the bed next to her husband and I extended my arm to her .
te	O	Startling me , the door swung open , nearly knocking me over , and Scarlett stepped outside .
te	I	There wasn 't one in the driveway so I took that as a good sign , but I didn 't know what kind of car he drove .
te	O	I am looking for some part-time work and I 'm sure everything will be fine .
te	I	Rachel wasn 't there , but he went into the bedroom .
te	O	The man didn 't need any more bad news , but Paul owed him the truth .
te	O	I was using reverse psychology on you , and you fell for it .
te	O	He pressed his hand overtop hers before she could pull away and his gaze drilled hers .
te	O	I thought she would grow bored , but she didn 't .
te	I	The Carpathian seemed able to avoid traps , but from her vantage point she could see the vampire trying to maneuver him into a position .
te	O	There 's a small cooler by the door and I find a beer .
te	O	With every step she was getting closer to the book , and the desire to learn what 's in there was getting stronger .
te	O	I said , and he nodded .
te	O	Lance tried to remember his life before crawling into that cab with Julia , but he couldn 't .
te	I	She pulls it tightly against her chest , but he tries to pluck the magazine away .
te	I	I was used to not getting credit for anything but I 'd called Davis to start with to get the ball rolling .
te	I	I don 't feel very attractive , and my nose is kind of runny .
te	I	I needn 't have bothered , but in Chemistry , I slid into my assigned seat as quietly as I could .
te	O	Any mistakes I have made I will answer for willingly , but I will not help you bring down our prince .
te	I	She didn 't speak to me , but Hera remained close , eyeing me every so often .
te	O	One thousand guests were invited to this ball , and it seems like all of them are in this room .
te	I	I heard the raised voice on the other end of the line , and she demanded .
te	O	Your father-in-law is a flaming lunatic , but this has all been on him .
te	O	Go hit the coffee shop and I 'll be there before you can finish your caramel macchiato .
te	O	A tree tried to hug my face , but I narrowly dodged it .
te	I	It still left me with more questions than answers , but it explained how strange I had been feeling lately .
te	O	The store had a phone , a real land-line telephone , and she avoided using her cell phone for business .
te	I	It was one of the best evenings ( along with Ayers Rock ) that we had on the tour , and we did this for hours .
te	I	She scrambled out of his reach , and Simon took a step toward her .
te	I	When I got bored , you 'd have just disappeared , and I could have enjoyed the benefits of marriage for a while .
te	I	There would come a time when I would leave Nazareth , surely , and oh , yes , I would grow up .
te	I	Slung her hand over my arm and she helped me to my feet .
te	O	Zeus is not good and I am not bad .
te	O	The battle continued for another twenty days and it was a tough one .
te	O	The one directly in front of her was Brookings Hall , and it served as the face of the campus .
te	I	Concern returned , and Anger fled .
te	O	Sir Richard looked slightly ruffled and his usual smile showed a bit of nerves .
te	I	I still think we should marry again and our wedding was like a hole-in-the-wall affair .
te	O	They 'd done things before , but this was different .
te	I	I had to think of something quick , but I didn 't know how I was going to explain it .
te	O	She was wearing a simpler gown this time , but it did not detract from her innate beauty .
te	I	He had access to all those photos to use in proving that he was legitimate , and he 'd been planning this for years .
te	O	His clear eyes were glowing , and it was apparent to me that he returned Melanie 's strong feeling .
te	I	She needed the police , and she needed medical attention .
te	O	Since then there 've been several other animal attacks reported , but it 's hard to know which ones to take seriously .
te	I	As he left him he pushed forward a parcel and Joe had insisted on driving him to get the train .
te	O	She could barely speak , but she managed .
te	O	I wished she 'd talk about something else , but my mind was drawing a blank .
te	I	When she opened her eyes , the brightness of the sun had evaporated , and she blinked .
te	O	Yes , I was slowly getting over Mason but I wasn 't ready to have sex with anyone else just yet .
te	O	It was stately , very beautiful , and it had a good odor .
te	I	He lifted me from the ground , and I took his hand .
te	I	They would split the royalties with him and Ronan would do all the work !
te	I	I wasn 't sure how I felt about that , and my mood was lightening up .
te	I	I knelt down to take a closer look , and my eyes narrowed in confusion .
te	O	He is not now in the camp , but the commandant will be looking for him .
te	O	He took a step closer , and I took one back .
te	O	It was the only lullaby she would ever sing , and it was sung in Hell .
te	O	Sure , I could move , find a place that was cleaner , farther out of the heart of the city , but I liked it here .
te	I	They have to believe something , but the police believe that is what happened .
te	I	This is Ava , and I 'm Mads .
te	O	He sat watching her and she shifted uncomfortably .
te	I	I would be walking hunched over all day and three nights of sleeping on the lumpy cushions .
te	I	They settled down at the table , only to have Santa announce the rides were beginning and Patti brought them each a plate of food .
te	O	She wasn 't usually so disagreeable , but Jack seemed to bring out the worst in her .
te	I	Toby saw the fear behind it , and the Sheriff flashed him a glare .
te	O	Then I remembered Sam 's veiled warning about the unusual nature of Hotshot , and I had a revelation .
te	I	That 's how I know this kid works quickly , but it 's a pretty recent development .
te	O	The school yard was jammed with kids , and a string of vehicles queued in front , taking turns dropping off students .
te	O	It 's disturbing and anyone would worry , except me .
te	I	I was on Missile 's back and Sally gave me a leg up .
te	I	A stairwell had been settled against the plane and the door to the plane was already opening .
te	O	She heard talking , even laughing , but it made no sense to her .
te	O	It feels incredibly cramped to me in the small rail car , but everyone else seems plenty comfortable .
te	I	The conversations behind closed doors muted and the hall was empty .
te	O	Lea attacked with a left jab to Hilda 's head , but Hilda used her right arm to block it .
te	I	He was trying hard not to laugh , but Torin stared at them as though they 'd lost their minds .
te	O	We can 't afford a bike , and we all know it .
te	O	Her mouth was dry and her tongue felt swollen .
te	I	He resisted the temptation of speaking the irony aloud , but do you embrace your suffering , priest , Lucien thought .
te	O	It rebounded against the wall loud enough to wake the dead , but no welcoming bullet pinged into the opening .
te	I	I sure did on the inside , but I didn 't laugh out loud .
te	I	I watched him immobilized , not knowing what to do , and he then moved to the other nipple , suckling hard .
te	I	He was also being a man of science , but he was aggressive .
te	I	That would come once I could take form again , but I would need to take the compact from her .
te	O	He told me a few things about your case , but I 'd like to get a few more details .
te	I	Before long , Mr. Cameron 's head starts to nod , but we chat for a while longer .
te	I	I winked and he looked down at me .
te	I	She had to say it , and it was just the truth .
te	O	I flung one arm over my eyes and reached for it .
te	I	He certainly wasn 't going to push her and the girl had been through a lot in the past twenty-four hours .
te	O	She tried not to cough , but he felt she needed it .
te	I	She wore it long , as she always had , pulled back in a ponytail , but her hair was turning white .
te	I	Peter was not about to query Erin 's decision and there was no wail of protest from their son .
te	O	When she gave no indication that she might reconsider , he was disappointed , but he didn 't push .
te	I	My weak body reacted the opposite way , but he was so arrogantly convinced of that it should have been a turn off .
te	I	His expression lit up and the dog 's tail thumped .
te	O	Suddenly tears started welling up and she burst into tears , too tired to care .
te	O	Gabe used to shake him back to reality , and he 'd be covered in sweat , breathing hard .
te	I	He turns in his seat to face me and Ari 's eyes light up .
te	O	His words were harsh and they stung her .
te	I	She wondered if Nebraska was very different , and Rebecca had always loved the crisp mountain air .
te	I	She lashes out with a kick to my legs and her eyes widen when she sees me coming .
te	I	Rooster jumped at the chance and at breakfast I said I didn 't want to go .
te	O	Her heart was swelling , and she was ready to cry .
te	O	There were footsteps behind him but he dared not look back .
te	O	I 've got a job to do and distractions can cause danger .
te	I	They couldn 't see who was fighting , but the words were familiar .
te	I	She would be home soon and her staff was hot on the trail .
te	O	his jacket was dusted with snow , but he didn 't look cold .
te	I	She was floating , and then her feet left the ground .
te	O	The force of it drove her to her knees , and she was aware of Severance hunched down beside her .
te	O	Aria tried to muster up enthusiasm , but deep down , she felt a niggling sense of unrest .
te	O	I tried to turn my head to see who it was , but I couldn 't , due to my position on the floor .
te	I	They all laughed again , though Jennifer looked uncomfortable , and she made sucking sounds .
te	O	She hadn 't intended to admit all that , but it slipped out .
te	O	His hair fell below his shoulders and the ends lifted in the breeze , lending him a deliciously unkempt look .
te	O	I had no idea what that was about , but I followed him over to the elevator .
te	O	He 'd just have to tell her as best he could , and then he 'd figure out what to do with the boy .
te	I	It did nothing to comfort him and he didn 't feel any better .
te	O	Holding her hand was a thing I needed every day and she never objected , smiling that pretty smile of hers .
te	O	They 'd decided on a spring wedding and it was only October .
te	I	Then I watched as they all took out flashlights , and Quick greetings were exchanged , more like careless grunts than acknowledgments .
te	O	He eventually got too big to get beat up by his dad , but no one really knows what happened to his mother .
te	O	He looked nervous , and somehow that made me feel better .
te	O	She started to laugh , and I did , too .
te	O	I know I should be a mess emotionally , but all I can think about is having you .
te	O	Randall is devastated , and I find this is far too difficult to write about .
te	I	It just so happens that our mind is where he drew the line , and sometimes we need our own private space .
te	O	I opened the door for her , and she gracefully slid into the seat .
te	O	I tried the quote again , with even more disastrous results , but it didn 't matter .
te	I	He had a dazed , starstruck quality to him , but Jill was standing a couple feet from him now .
te	I	Him crouching into position but I forgot about everything .
te	I	His breathing was too quick and the man 's eyes were dilated .
te	O	I scrubbed through my hair , and I remembered Joanna sitting up late with me , brushing out my hair .
te	I	She 'd end up destroyed later , but he might want her for now .
te	I	I 'm happy for you guys , and I get it .
te	I	The rest of the call was filled with details about what Jackson had done the day before and Jackson seemed to accept my answer .
te	O	The buzzer went off again , and the game began .
te	O	He felt her pull on his power , and blue light splashed out , protecting their flank .
te	O	My mind 's incoherent wanderings only increased my anxiety and the more I watched Teresa the angrier I became .
te	O	It had only been a few days , but he was already accustomed to Zed 's way of talking .
te	O	They all look doable this way , but I 'm not so sure about coming back .
te	I	He could pick up snatches of noise from where he sat , and this was a weekend night , however .
te	O	I can 't think straight when I 'm around her and I lose sight of everything important .
te	O	At the front , the door was already unlocked , but that was no surprise .
te	O	I get it now , but I didn 't back when I was healthy .
te	I	There you go and it started centuries ago when he would fight vampires , need blood .
te	I	You 're too black and you 're too old .
te	I	Instead of hearing his calm voice , another deep posh voice answers , but I knock on Lexus 's office door .
te	O	If he had to place a bet , he 'd say there was only one , and it was Les Weaver .
te	O	It 's a small sacrifice , and I 'm amenable to whatever it takes .
te	O	Bria got to close the museum case , and I got to feed McAllister to the wolves .
te	O	Clouds gathered again in the late afternoon and soon a light drizzle began to fall .
te	I	I 'm pretty sure I just broke a record with how fast I ate mine and she 's barely touched her food .
te	O	He reached for my throat and I slapped his hands away .
te	I	The materials needed change as a result and some research projects take drastically different turns .
te	I	The family had gathered around Brendan for his last moments and the hours passed .
te	I	She sat heavily on a hay bale and as the dogs leaped onto the dishes with ravenous abandon .
te	I	I didn 't bother to find out what , but you always used to tell me there was more to me than a pretty face , Mom .
te	O	Mrs. Putty had set the facts out very clearly at the meeting , and Jack hadn 't missed a thing .
te	O	Vaughn 's body went slack against mine , and I knew that the job was finally done .
te	I	He pulled her back up , and she flopped back down , closing her eyes .
te	I	They appeared to be soldiers from the states of America and they were in blue uniforms .
te	I	Then everything went to black , and I made eye contact with Gentry one last time .
te	I	The image sprang to life , and he hit the play button .
te	O	She knew her tone wasn 't friendly , but lately she hadn 't felt very friendly , towards him .
te	O	Sage felt surrounded by her , engulfed by her , and he 'd never known anything quite like it .
te	I	I don 't know about leaving her alone , but she says she 'll be fine .
te	I	I topped off the ensemble with gravity defying heels , and I 'd rolled on some stockings even though I hated the things .
te	O	Our eyes met across the room , and he took a hesitant step toward me , the corner of his lip twitching up .
te	I	He could not afford to leave anything to chance and if he didn 't find out it meant that he was weaker .
te	I	A sudden jolt would cause it to suddenly flare up , especially as his horse began to stumble with weariness , but the pain wasn 't bad .
te	O	He knew she was likely to kill him for sneaking up on her , but he couldn 't resist the urge to watch her .
te	I	Two buckets of water were tucked just beneath the food table , and a stone ring encircled the bonfire .
te	O	Her love might not have been strong enough to save Adam , but Nick 's love for her was proving to be strong enough to save himself .
te	O	I let myself into the Amistad Suite and I went to work on the computer .
te	O	I grinned , then she jerked me against her , and my own release overtook me .
te	O	She knit the ten stitches and when the cap was ready to begin , she handed it back .
te	O	She was pointing to the door by the time she finished , and Small reluctantly left her office .
te	O	The air rushed around her , and the leap seemed to carry her incredibly far .
te	I	I 've hurt enough already to last me a lifetime , and if I admit it , then I hurt .
te	O	Locke saw me looking at Genevieve , and she smiled .
te	O	The peppermint is overpowering at first , but then I taste something tangy underneath .
te	I	You 're always afraid of someone noticing you , and outside you 're not yourself .
te	O	I 'm on the tenth floor , and that 's all right with me .
te	O	I tick my finger to the sky , and Nev shoots into the stratosphere like a missile .
te	I	I knew it was a result of all the crying I 'd been doing and my head was still pounding .
te	O	She rolled to look at him and Callum caught himself before he flinched .
te	O	James ' hand gripped mine tighter , or maybe I gripped his tighter .
te	I	When you finally get to talk to her , what do you do , and you haven 't seen Meghan in years ?
te	I	The victors were moving in and Japan had been conquered .
te	O	Yes , her body surged when their life-force drifted into her , but the temporary vitality faded quickly .
te	I	In a way , I lost a brother , and then I lost my parents , a sister .
te	I	The drawer slid open and he pulled at the front latch of the top Bankers Box .
te	I	I saw how warm he 'd been , and inside the safety of the house he shed his dark clothing .
te	O	Duncan smiled at Ian , and the sight was chilling .
te	O	Jared took a deep breath , and then nodded , taking a seat across from Claire .
te	O	He doesn 't talk about his work much , but I know he 's a financial analyst with Northern Portfolio Services in town .
te	O	All of my friends were going away to college and my overprotective parents wouldn 't let me .
te	I	The tense set to his jaw proved her right and Kelly glanced over .
te	O	It was a leap of faith on his part and she 'd responded to it .
te	I	Nick remembered the lesson again , and Jed Ryan had walked away .
te	I	It was only designed to get to orbit , but to intercept Hermes , it 'll have to reach escape velocity .
te	O	We buried her , and Tammy went wild .
te	I	It was like he was looking straight at me , and he looked to his left .
te	O	The movie started and the pair settled down .
te	O	I 'm terrified of maybe realizing that I made up the only detail about my mom I own , and then I 'll have absolutely nothing left .
te	O	The radio games were still ongoing , each side trying to block the other side , but a few snatches of conversation came through .
te	O	She doesn 't realize it quite yet , but she 's going to be my wife .
te	I	We began to ascend as he spoke , and he punched the button .
te	O	Having seen enough , she decided to continue on her way to nowhere in particular , and she did that for the whole day .
te	O	Ann rolled her eyes , and Dorian 's frown deepened .
te	O	I was used to Macon playing games , but having two people do it was worse .
te	I	Two of the three missing are the ones who have become dearest to me , and only three have returned .
te	O	They got in the car and she buckled up .
te	O	The other chopper started to pull back but Hoodie wasn 't letting it get away .
te	I	The ball sailed high , but it was a curl to Fabrizio , who was open .
te	I	He groaned and I lifted my head .
te	O	It tasted bittersweet , but Travis could choke it down .
te	O	Failing that he could have tried my mobile , but there 's no missed call on my list .
te	I	I patted down my body , and my eyes shot open despite the screaming in my skull .
te	I	Great-grandmother was left alone with the children and soon great-grandfather was killed .
te	O	I 'm sure she wanted to snap , but she was practicing what she was preaching .
te	O	You make two more and that 's your ass .
te	O	Cassie was reluctant to release Devon , but she needed to be ready to fight .
te	O	Finally he spoke , and it sounded like he was gritting his teeth on every word .
te	O	She was too old to be driving , but there were no other people with her .
te	I	I am warning you , but you have the right .
te	O	She is my girlfriend and she is not going anywhere .
te	I	He began to shake her , and his hands found her throat .
te	I	He wanted to finish his story , but Jerry 's voice was already beginning to break .
te	O	Obviously he knew that I knew , and that 's why he was there .
te	I	My heartbeat quickened and my blood warmed .
te	O	We are about to publish some big scandalous splash to shake things up , and we need to know who 's doing the real dirty work .
te	O	These extenuating circumstances have been taken into account , and your resulting fine will be quite mild .
te	I	Rio had made her a promise , and she was desperate to locate her sister .
te	O	The fae must be record keepers of some kind , or if her aunt Alana was any indication , they must have their fair share of oracles .
te	O	I show him my wound , and he moves at once for his pack , hurdling the corpses .
te	I	Boy 412 scrambled after her , and then he helped Marcia out .
te	I	I know I will tonight but I haven 't cried yet .
te	I	She 'd just helped assault three grown-ups , and now she was in a stolen car .
te	O	I was concerned about a trail , but I never considered my position dangerous .
te	I	It broke and my voice had reached a hysterical pitch .
te	I	When I looked at him again , it felt the opposite , but I didn 't questioned him further .
te	O	I don 't want the offer of my help and me being polite to some girl mistaken for flirting .
te	I	That 's all that mattered and I thought he was great .
te	O	He told me to be patient and soon everything would be sorted out .
te	O	She still had the window open , but now she was shivering .
te	I	She wasn 't that big of a coward as much as she 'd like to be , but the window did look inviting .
te	I	Leah met him head on , but he rushed it .
te	I	Wolves are very open about their thoughts , and you 're a wolf in your other form .
te	I	They 'd been through worse , but yes , the situation was intense .
te	O	I didn 't want another babysitter , and I had a feeling that was what Nate meant by his statement .
te	I	I was more than happy with Nick , but it was upsetting that I couldn 't see him that way .
te	I	Somehow it doesn 't shatter the tension between us like most moments of amusement would , and I laugh , too .
te	O	She gave me an impish look , and I scowled .
te	O	Kevin shot Neil a black look , but Nicky intervened before he could say anything .
te	I	His lips parted and his pupils dilated .
te	O	I don 't know if spirits do indeed roam the world , but even if they do , I will sense your presence everywhere .
te	O	I used to think it was a matter of persistence , that we could help everyone , but we can 't .
te	I	He flung himself at me , and his eyes filled with hatred .
te	I	Many others hadn 't , but thankfully , their house had survived .
te	O	As if surrendering , Bax threw up his hands and he followed .
te	O	He ought to express gratitude , but other feelings clogged his tongue .
te	O	He gasps and his features turn grave .
te	I	Large tears showed in the legs and Pieces had been ripped from the gray fabric .
te	I	I felt my cheeks flush and every head in the room swung around to me .
te	I	It did a triple skip once her eyes met Sebastian 's , and her heart skipped a beat as she gazed at the brothers .
te	I	Something about his gait suggested he was nervous , but he was too far away to get a good look at , particularly under a baseball cap .
te	I	I am drawn to it despite myself , and now his eyes have that fevered look .
te	O	Colin nudged her legs aside with his and while she watched , he entered slowly .
te	O	His office had an outstanding victory percentage , but that was mostly due to the fact that he wouldn 't prosecute anything less than a total certainty .
te	O	No , I hadn 't heard , but I haven 't talked to Debbie this week .
te	O	Alex was a bit difficult to deal with sometimes since he was ex-military , but he knew what he was doing .
te	I	He raised it all the same , but his control of my Master 's Orb was tenuous at best .
te	I	It was a muted sound because of the ringing in my ears , but I heard Laurel scream .
te	O	She stared at him , silhouetted against the bright window , and her throat contracted .
te	I	The four of us started up river and eventually we got our machines turned in the right direction .
te	I	For a moment , neither of them said anything , and she laughed .
te	I	It would be difficult and I knew you 'd fight me on it .
te	I	The secretary poked her head into the room and the door cracked open .
te	O	It is rare to find a hero as believable as Jack , and a heroine as true to life as Maddie .
te	O	His fur twined and his eyes widened .
te	I	I just stare at him in confusion , but Hayden holds his phone out to me .
te	O	The door was slightly ajar , and the light inside was on .
te	O	She showed no sign that the fact her father had expected her to be killed in the raid hurt her , but Aria knew it did .
te	O	Clouds gathered above them and she raised her head .
te	O	She resisted at first , but when she started to struggle , he changed tactics .
te	I	They breathed the warm night air , in gasps of lust and their naked breasts were moist with sweat .
te	O	Standing in the dark doorway , Gansey whispered Ronan 's name , and then , when that got no response , spoke it aloud .
te	I	That was nothing , but we thought we 'd been in deep shit before .
te	I	The exertion was taking its due , yet they would have fallen .
te	I	He began to feel comfortable in his bed of earth , and he concentrated on matching her until his breathing came into line .
te	O	What came out was more of a growl but she stuck to her guns about the pain .
te	O	His entire life had been riding on Mad Rogan 's words , and now he couldn 't process it .
te	I	My control snapped and it had been too long .
te	O	He had been in Iraq for almost a year , but suddenly there he was , standing in the kitchen .
te	I	I was drinking it too , but I was choking on water .
te	I	He didn 't turn around , but Nick finally raised his head .
te	I	She fell back onto the soft laundry , breathless , her lip throbbing where he 'd bruised it , and he released her suddenly .
te	O	I could run for it , but I would never make it .
te	I	Marks of a helmet were still bright on her face , and her dark blond hair was stuck to her head with sweat .
te	O	Every atom in the cavern became charged with a visible hum , and everything above the waterline glowed in a cool green haze .
te	O	She slashed the back of his ankles and he tumbled forward .
te	O	She felt hypocritical getting worked up over this after Hayden had kissed her , but she hadn 't gone into that situation thinking anything would happen .
te	O	He tapped it lightly , and metal rang against Malice .
te	O	The body was ripped to shreds and she didn 't see his head .
te	I	They rushed in anyway , but he tried to block out the images .
te	I	She pulled me close , running her fingers through my hair , and I moved closer to her .
te	I	His heart swelled when she took it between both of hers , and he put his hand out to Sarah .
te	I	She knew their secrets and she knew the occupants .
te	O	The door opened and Marian stood there .
te	I	There was something about him that tugged at her heart , but there wasn 't a single spark of chemistry between them .
te	I	She said very little to us and we stopped over to talk to her .
te	O	Fitz 's mouth fell open and his eyes grew the size of golf balls .
te	I	It was beginning to look like a dead end , but it was the only angle that the police had to pursue on the forensic front .
te	I	Zane blinked a few times as he found himself standing in what was unmistakably the French Quarter , and the hood was yanked off .
te	I	I would awake back in the complex , and I just hoped that when I next fell asleep my current nightmare would over .
te	O	He wasn 't lonely , but he was definitely alone .
te	I	Rock still held the knife to his neck but Jacob started to squirm a little .
te	O	Their trackers would figure it out sooner rather than later , and we needed a head start to survive this brutal game of hide-and-seek .
te	I	Cody laughed and Tom looked away .
te	O	Iain couldn 't save his brother 's soul , but he could sure as hell slow its death .
te	I	Watching him battle cancer was unbearable , and Eric Sloan was as close to a son as she would ever have .
te	O	She 's trying hard to speak , but the sobs have taken over full-force .
te	I	School was going to be in session tomorrow and I was so excited the weekend was over .
te	I	They do not become that person , but they have the same number of years left to live as that person had .
te	I	I wondered what it would taste like and it was a vibrant pink .
te	I	He wanted her and she was so damn beautiful .
te	I	I don 't see one ounce of the vulnerability that I have seen there before and Luca looks at me again .
te	O	I looked back at the man in the road , but he was gone .
te	O	The room seemed familiar , and Spencer suddenly knew why .
te	I	Before he turned to leave , she opened it , but since she didn 't answer right away , he thought she wasn 't home .
te	O	Maybe if she got some sleep she could sort her future out , but sleep refused to come , despite the absolute exhaustion plaguing her body .
te	I	It felt worse and it looked awful .
te	O	He still hadn 't approached a snake , and Teagan had a lot of fun teasing him about that .
te	O	She ´ s dying and there ´ s nothing I can do .
te	I	He was glad that she didn 't have that memory , and he 'd once cursed what she was .
te	I	Even Coral 's lips parted beneath her mask , and that silenced them .
te	O	He was tall with dark hair the same color as hers , and for a second she wondered if he was flirting with her .
te	O	I figured her curiosity was only normal , but I wished she would say something .
te	I	There was something else she needed to hear , but Kellan wanted to tell her the words anyway .
te	O	His friend pulled him out of the pool , and John staggered a little , looking uncertainly around .
te	I	The answer continued to evade her , but for long moments she pondered the situation .
te	I	The yellow grass cracked under my feet , and * * * Small plumes of dust rose as I made my way toward the river .
te	O	Jimmy was beautiful and he knew how to make women of all ages drool over him .
te	I	She quickly shut it , but her mouth was open , as though she was going to say something more .
te	O	She wasn 't disrespectful per Se , but she might be too forthright in voicing her inability to understand the way God handled things .
te	O	I check my pockets , but I can 't find it .
te	I	Trying to be as gentle as possible , but Karl drew the girl near , firm .
te	I	I was too exhausted to argue but I couldn 't say I agreed with her .
te	I	He did not reply , but Aden 's grip tightened .
te	I	I couldn 't really tell without seeing him in person , but he didn 't look to be any worse .
te	O	A pained look crossed his face , and he stopped .
te	I	The question didn 't appear , but he continued to study me , curiosity replacing smugness .
te	I	Her obstetrician conceded that it was possible , and Doug had convinced her that job-related stress was the reason she hadn 't conceived .
te	O	The pieces suddenly fell into place , and his fingers beat out a rhythm on the keyboard -- telling the story that history concealed .
te	O	I felt a flush of embarrassment creep up my neck and I resisted the urge to rub my contacts into place .
te	I	They came together with one final , shuddering thrust , and she gasped for air , cried out his name .
te	I	We need all the help we can get , and we don 't have a lot of allies .
te	I	She felt a stinging in her arm and he sliced the knife out towards her .
te	O	I couldn 't believe I 'd just done that , but the action had felt so natural at the time .
te	I	Maybe she 's already been gone for a couple days , but I know she has to be missing for at least twenty-four hours .
te	I	I regretted them , and those thoughts made me hurt worse , though .
te	I	I flinched , thinking the gun was going to go off and the first kid jumped at the sound of Seth 's voice .
te	I	Many of the young girls in the village were gathered at the town well , supposedly getting water , and it was the next morning .
te	O	She would never approve and it would only cause her pain .
te	O	He was hiding something and I wondered what though .
te	O	Temple tries to pry open the mouth , but the teeth are clenched shut .
te	I	She nods , and I ask .
te	O	He was still handsome , but she was acutely reminded of the fact that the boy she had grown up with was gone .
te	O	Eleanor hadn 't conceived when she 'd been Hart 's lover years ago , and she was much older now .
te	O	He knew he needed to see them , but he didn 't want to rush it .
te	I	As he jumped onto the deck , they crumbled into a pile with a thunderous boom , and the walls began to buckle then .
te	O	Apparently he wanted to capture all aspects of life in the house and that included the servants .
te	I	We make it up there , but I think it 's the most exercise any of us get all year .
te	I	We did not make you monsters , but we made you vampires long ago .
te	O	Agatha used the back door key she had withheld , but to her surprise she didn 't need a key .
te	I	The stench of frozen meat , and cool air rushed out .
te	I	Victoria couldn 't stop laughing , and Mandy wrinkled her nose .
te	O	It had probably been a poor move to exile her in the first place , but there was no going back now .
te	I	My muscles ached as I rushed headlong into the blackened abyss and I pushed myself harder , faster , until my lungs burned .
te	O	The puncture wounds had disappeared , but the memory had left Daniel near to madness .
te	O	For you it looks like the writer had a death in the family and you saw a glimpse into his conscious mind .
te	O	Now that he was no longer human , their voices were no longer hypnotic , but they were still a turn on .
te	I	Still I didn 't break and Ethan had chased me down .
te	I	That 's a promise , and it won 't take long .
te	I	He turned them so her back was pressed up against the wall and his hand continued to grip her tightly , lifting her completely off the ground .
te	O	Before I could make it through a whole chapter my limbs began to feel weighted , and I gave in to heavy eyelids .
te	O	Emily 's phone rang again , and Gayle 's name flashed on the screen .
te	I	I wasn 't and that she was bitten .
te	O	I yelled after him hoarsely , but he was already gone .
te	I	When he got down on his knee , he proposed and Gavin came next .
te	O	Derrick even flicked it a few times in the beak and it didn 't move .
te	O	Lily 's thoughts turned to Josh , and she lifted the chain to her lips .
te	I	Miss Godwin pretty closely and both have been watching you .
te	I	They might 've even caught me on the security tapes , or someone would eventually realize it was missing .
te	O	He handed her the earphones , and she began to listen intently .
te	I	It knocked me out for a bit and I got smacked in the chest with something .
te	O	Six of the bitches had attacked her and she had beaten the lot of them .
te	O	Taranis did rape me , but he was too late .
te	I	My vision blurred , and my chest burned .
te	O	The boy 's arms tired quickly , and he took to dragging the chair .
te	O	Emma is very strong and I sent Cecil , their way .
te	I	Management was the one who made the ultimate decision , but it 's true he doesn 't like me much .
te	O	Blood soaked through his tunic on both sides , and he fell to his knees , his eyes wide .
te	I	They were doing the same , looking to her but she looked to the dancers for a cue .
te	I	You can 't do anything to me and you can 't do anything to him .
te	I	It will get us there , but we can 't all fit very comfortably .
te	I	The records of her patients went missing , and her files were destroyed .
te	I	I embrace it and I can feel every single aspect of his touch .
te	O	They said he 'd been taken over by an infatuation , like a disease but she was his life , his love !
te	I	She could try to teach him that his past didn 't have to define his future , but she couldn 't .
te	I	If collecting bugs was what they loved to do then she 'd do it , too and obviously she wanted to be like them .
te	O	A crooked grin tugged at his lips and he shifted his gaze over to me .
te	O	It was because he couldn 't stand to look at her , and it was far beyond his ability to tell Lou about it .
te	O	The air rang with her unspoken question , and frustration clawed through Ronan .
te	I	Elise hated the thought that eventually her daughter would face the same disappointment she had , and Aurora hadn 't been disillusioned by her father yet .
te	O	His words were wrong , in thinking women lesser than men , but she could see that his heart was in the right place .
te	I	No sound came out , but Emily opened her mouth .
te	O	Shivers were sent up the spines of many in the procession , but they knew the jackals couldn 't help being what they were .
te	I	They stepped outside , and she rejoined Melinda .
te	O	Crassus 's eyes flashed at the compliment , and he slammed a fist to his heart in a sharp salute .
te	I	We have to throw you out and you are not going to need it unless you complain during the flight .
te	I	I thought about how much I 'd like to have a gazebo like that in my backyard someday , and a beautiful gazebo stood in one corner .
te	O	It was seven forty - five in the morning , but there were a few intrepid souls feeding the slots .
te	I	We began on our way and everybody got into their vehicles .
te	I	Only water came up , but she tried to scream .
te	O	Anger turns her green eyes into sparks against her golden skin , and as usual , I feel dull as river mud beside her .
te	O	Dante nods and I realize that the car is slowing down .
te	O	That surprised me but Len seemed to have predicted that .
te	O	I winked at her and she shook her head in confusion .
te	O	The door could open at any second , but Michael doesn 't seem to care .
te	O	She hated to think that something bad could have happened to Richard but she just wanted to keep an eye open for any potential leads .
te	O	There was nothing Alpha about his appearance yet he had one of the longest tenures .
te	O	He didn 't answer , and by his silence I knew he didn 't want to talk about it .
te	I	It 's our responsibility to reach a verdict , and we 've been chosen to decide this case .
te	I	She started gagging , and it was the most wretched thing Kaylee could ever conceive of .
te	I	A lot of gunfire had been heard when other passengers on the train complained and it hadn 't stopped for anything .
te	I	He 'd get so pissed off , but I ' d even tried pushing him on a few occasions , telling him the importance of college .
te	I	The vision disappeared and it was over in less than ten minutes .
te	O	Maia wasn 't shivering , but she could feel it , like the points of needles against her skin .
te	O	I said , and though James shook his head , I still felt like an idiot .
te	I	My breath rattled a little when I exhaled , and my legs were still trembling .
te	I	It ´ s rather windy and there ´ s fresh air .
te	O	Taranis was handsome , but that was all .
te	I	My body doesn 't seem to give a shit at all , yet every fiber of my being knows he 's not a good person .
te	I	Timmy sat by himself in his cell , and the day was drawing to a close .
te	I	Jack had spear and Seth had a dagger in his right hand .
te	I	As they drew closer he felt sure , but at first he thought he was mistaken .
te	O	His face was too agreeable for it to be a mean sneer and it vanished immediately .
te	I	He walks down the steps as I shut the door , reading the paper over and I take it from him .
te	O	Dex had saved me a seat on the bus like usual , but he was very careful not to sit too close to me .
te	I	I 'd not even spoken with her , and I 'd only seen her once .
te	O	I went through two Bic pens , and those were hard to get out there .
te	I	That was fine , for it caused Elise to huddle against me while I held her , but it was a cold evening .
te	I	It wasn 't so the two of them could have a happily-ever-after , and she knew the reason why Sawyer had married her .
te	O	He was silent for a moment , and she realized that he was blushing .
te	I	I had no voice , but I called his name .
te	I	They 're very professional , but the agents are close .
te	I	He was waiting for us when we pulled up , and Chapter Twelve I called Paul on our way home .
te	O	I gave him a light shove and he smiled .
te	O	Charlie heard the door click shut , but her attention was now fixed on the tray of food .
te	I	Slight shadows rimmed them , but his ice blue eyes looked as intent as ever .
te	O	Kat sounded tense , but even with her husband in harm 's way , she stayed focused .
te	O	I 've thought of speaking to my father , but to be really honest , I 'm scared .
te	I	Hard rain poured , and a large cloud which was as big as a life buoy formed in mid air .
te	I	Neither could Alex himself , and I couldn 't tell .
te	O	Xander definitely got his dad 's darker looks and the others look fairer , like their mom .
te	O	His face was flushed from all the attention , and he was doing his best to hide behind his textbook .
te	O	That wasn 't exactly true , but Colt was a one-time thing .
te	O	It was a obvious mistake from my side and I like to apologize for being so careless .
te	O	Micah hit it back , and Parker did the same .
te	O	They weren 't far from their neighborhood , but this was a back road , not one that Melissa would have much reason to travel on .
te	O	Another piece of paper caught her eye and she picked it up .
te	I	His muscular companion , who had watched the whole scene from a little ways away , walk away and the three Quarry hunters watched Leo .
te	O	She 'd still been in primary school and the trip had been a big adventure .
te	I	She 'd die in agony -- and they 'd kill her there anyway .
te	I	The pain caused him to curse aloud and Bruce hit his fists against the console .
te	I	Finally , people began trickling out , and the party continued in force for another couple hours .
te	O	I opened my mouth to scream , but no sound came out .
te	I	That annoyed her , and he sounded plaintive .
te	O	Her fiery red hair was in tight curls and she had a scowl on her face that you could see for miles .
te	O	She made a face , and I laughed .
te	O	Having so many people around me was also making it hard to keep up my mental walls , and I frowned in concentration .
te	O	I half turned my head to say something snotty , but she didn 't give me the chance .
te	O	We can 't go forward , and we can 't go back !
te	O	She didn 't say it , but she was glad Alec was with her .
te	I	I quickly glanced over to see two police officers sitting in front , and he drew up alongside of me .
te	O	Clay died with no money in the bank , and his secret whiskey stash went up with the rest of the trailer .
te	O	One was filled with fluid and when she sniffed it , she drew back horrified .
te	I	She nuzzled my arm , and I patted her neck .
te	I	The bailiff walking double time to get out of the wind and * * * February opened with sharp cold , both Dan .
te	O	Christian had stopped by his own home to give her a quick tour and Erica had loved everything about it .
te	I	The whole contraption rose as if something inflated beneath us and something rumbled gently beneath my feet .
te	I	She moved it with her finger and a bit of chocolate dripped down his lip .
te	O	She wanted to know the moment they arrived , but it would not do to be seen as eager .
te	I	We have to get there in time and we have a great distance to cover .
te	O	His eyes glittered like ice , and she could almost hear his teeth gnashing together .
te	I	They aren 't getting any , but they 're waiting for orders .
te	I	Dennis sensed that he would have to tread lightly if he was to appear at all credible , and she did not elaborate .
te	I	His face was full of anger , but he did not step forward , because she remained so close to the boundary .
te	I	He appeared perplexed , and his expression changed .
te	O	His vision cleared and the face resolved itself to a girl .
te	I	She claimed it wasn 't her problem what Connor 's choices were , and men cheated all the time .
te	I	He was not happy about it , but so in the end he had relented .
te	O	He had to pull forward twice more to straighten the trailer out , but neither time was off as much as the first .
te	O	Air whipped under me and I rose off the ground .
te	I	The vines seemed to sigh in the growing wind , and the dead leaves rustled .
te	I	It turned out I didn 't need to find them , but I wasn 't sure how to get to wherever the Fates were keeping our eggs .
te	I	My thoughts returned to Calvin , making my heart ache , and Ruth was silent for a few minutes .
te	O	He is not the first person I would have liked to see but seeing him brings a smile to my face I cannot hide .
te	I	I 'd never felt freer , and my mind was completely empty .
te	O	Like you said , the tires are covered in mud but there are no other obvious marks to be found .
te	O	She 'd showered , scrubbing her hands raw , using an entire bottle of shampoo , but never feeling clean .
te	O	I had wanted to die earlier , but now I wasn 't so sure .
te	I	They were terrifying , and I 'd seen angry spirit users .
te	O	I actually fell asleep with my fingers in my ears , and they rang with exhaustion as I walked down the halls .
te	I	They have even more tats than I do , and they 're all as big as me , if not bigger .
te	I	She didn 't reply because a gorgeous man had come to stand next to us but I looked over at Alissa .
te	O	I felt sick thinking about it , but I also didn 't want her to get a cold from sleeping in wet clothes .
te	O	Normally she cried loudly when upset , but she was too stunned to make a sound .
te	I	The stranger was waiting to shake her hand and Todd had stopped speaking .
te	O	Occasionally he wrote a feature article , and she read those just as avidly .
te	O	He continued to read aloud , but his mind was no longer on the words .
te	I	Her breast came away from between his lips and her eyes opened .
te	I	It touches my heart like it 's meant to and she smiles .
te	O	She tried to high-five me but I just shook my head .
te	O	They had killed the Gerard , and war was the only answer .
te	O	Clay made a face , but he didn 't react .
te	I	Their brief respite of warmth was over , and the city was on the edge of starvation .
te	I	The marks of trauma were still prominent , but the corporal reconstruction had erased about two decades .
te	I	It felt like much longer , yet seconds had passed .
te	I	His head smacks into mine and we fall onto my couch .
te	O	When the meat is done , he offers me a leg and we sit on the edge of his wagon to eat .
te	I	The sad thing was I didn 't really appreciate it ... but Life was paradise back then .
te	O	His smile faded , and he turned a strangely intense gaze on the priest .
te	I	Seeing things that others can 't , or witches have the power of sight .
te	I	The bus doors clattered shut , and the old driver said several words no one understood .
te	O	Again I feel powerless , and I start plotting my revenge for all of it .
te	I	She was right , but I hated to admit it .
te	I	It still made her mouth pucker , but then Hugh made her a whiskey sour , which she liked a little better .
te	I	He finally truly smiled and I gave him a crooked grin .
te	O	He was still looking at her , and she was looking back at him , lost in the jacket .
te	O	The rain put the fire out and the air smelt strangely of electricity .
te	I	She pulled out a big slab of tile and we entered the kitchen .
te	O	I ask if he 's a Pomeranian but Doyle is somewhat appalled at that comparison .
te	O	I couldn 't have been more than twenty feet away when I saw him , and I leapt deeper into the bushes , landing face down .
te	O	Her words are slightly slurred , but she seems pulled together otherwise .
te	I	It was as nice as ever , but he hadn 't been in Josie 's house in three years .
te	O	This is a lonely place and there is not a policeman for miles .
te	I	It held its ground , but it struck the barrier .
te	O	Violeta stared at me with a blank expression and I nodded .
te	I	No arrests were made , and Police disbursed the mob .
te	O	Her beautiful eyes trying to speak to me , but all I could see was a cross of sadness .
te	I	Our power is greater than hers and we are a distraction to the demons .
te	I	Slowly he started to transform into a Fallen , but it took a few weeks .
te	O	Caden attempted a reassuring grin but it came out looking like a grimace .
te	O	That a fight was finally about to ensue , and Cassie was spoiling for a fight .
te	O	We hit the river and as we talked we found dozens of interests we shared .
te	I	Everyone else was apparently agreeing with them and someone had found something of interest .
te	O	Tom flashed the high beams , but there was no response from the driver .
te	I	Soon they 'd come out of their buildings , but I looked around us -- couldn 't see anybody yet .
te	I	He was responsible for that part of the procedure , the anaesthetic , but we disagreed .
te	I	She certainly didn 't want to get acquainted with his anatomy , and she wished she didn 't have to see him at all .
te	O	He wanted to hear that noise again but this time he 'd be inside her .
te	O	He kept fighting with his foot but it wasn 't budging .
te	I	That would be hours from now , and it sharpened as night came on .
te	I	Bill made a small movement that he instantly stilled , and I couldn 't get why I was supposed to care .
te	I	She knew it , and he wanted her .
te	O	Chase 's gaze drifted in that direction and some of the taut fury left him at once .
te	O	One would not have thought it possible for Jennie 's posture to be any straighter , but she straightens .
te	I	He hadn 't caused them any trouble since the motel incident and they hadn 't seen Wallace except in passing .
te	O	He gently pulled me against him and the water cascaded down .
te	I	His body jerked forward to attack and Caden 's eyes quickly zoned in .
te	O	They walked seemingly for hours along the riverside , following deer trials where they could , but otherwise forging their way through the thick brush .
te	I	This was the third wreck at the Birmingham Junction in as many nights , and this was my third time riding along on John 's graveyard shift .
te	O	I never thought I 'd want to spend time with a human , but you 're more tolerable than most .
te	I	She needed to build her own foundation , and she realized he 'd never come back .
te	I	You never would have known and I could have kept a lot of it to myself .
te	I	He nodded , and Mantra 's gaze slowly moved across the three of them .
te	O	I wasn 't feeling very confident but I knew I had to be positive when I talked to her .
te	I	I couldn 't find my voice and I was sitting across from Mr. Stevenson .
te	I	She got a chance to introduce her real interest into the conversation , and they sat in the lord 's private sitting room for a while .
te	O	He gave a couple of hand signals , and his men continued flanking around the desk .
te	O	She tucked her hair back behind her ear , and he saw the two puncture wounds he 'd made in the side of her throat .
te	O	It couldn 't have all been fake , our friendship , and I missed being able to miss him without feeling angry .
te	O	I paused to think it over , but I couldn 't do it .
te	I	Instead she looked into Grace 's eyes , but she turned to her right , eager to see Jakes smile , probably a little lopsided .
te	O	Just hear me out , and then I 'll leave you alone .
te	O	I felt my stomach lurch and I leaned over resting my head on Posy 's warm neck , waiting for the nausea to pass .
te	I	While he lived in the house he never used the room and he was embarrassed to ask .
te	O	Timothy leaves it at that , but Scott was hoping for more .
te	O	An unbelievably loud roar rips through her skull and she cries out in excruciating pain .
te	O	He 'd stood his ground , and she admired that .
te	I	He is skilled enough but he is not as good as Sister Lexie .
te	O	I took her hand , and she let me .
te	O	She had loved that dog dearly , yet she hadn 't cried , not one bit .
te	I	If he 'd been in human form he would have already exploded he was sure of it , and his heart was racing .
te	O	Marja walked into the room carrying a dress folded over her arm , but the dress did not look anything like the garment she was expecting .
te	O	Jack had attempted to get the money , but the lightening had knocked down key elements in the grid , making the electronic transfer impossible .
te	I	His lips parted , exposing the tips of his fangs as he watched me writhe and his eyes flickered up to meet mine .
te	I	I kept my family warm , and I put meals on the table .
te	I	I looked back at Jakob , and my mind flashed back to the all the different patents I 'd found in my father 's box .
te	O	She wanted him to make love to her and he vowed to do so slowly , thoroughly .
te	O	He put his hand on my shoulder , and even now I loved that .
te	I	I wasn 't afraid , and I wasn 't that girl anymore .
te	I	I fought not to bite in too quickly , not to rush the pleasure of it , and his pulse raced .
te	I	Whatever was happening to her and so much it made her dizzy with the force of it .
te	I	Liz walked into the apartment and Bryan stepped back .
te	O	The death glare turns to me and although I am terrified of what she might do , I point out calmly to her .
te	I	They were still her closest friends and they had been her First Circle .
te	O	Ruben 's legs gave way and he fell forwards , hurled to the ground .
te	O	He 'd spoken in Estonian and she 'd responded in kind .
te	I	Instantly , my body is submersed in coldness , and Micha 's mouth is abruptly leaving mine along with his body .
te	O	Gabriel raised his brows , knowing they had been friends , but this was a bit extreme .
te	I	Everything was familiar to her , yet Victoria had never been here .
te	O	A betraying tear slipped down her cheek and I had to look away .
te	O	The most tortured souls often hold their secrets close , but once they share them , they are able to find peace .
te	I	He stepped out of her reach and Amy moved to touch Asher 's sleeve .
te	I	This vow is easy to make , but my life might be mixed up .
te	O	They tried to give it to Matt , but he wasn 't about to let them .
te	O	Her eyes are far away on the horizon line , out to the west where the sun has gone but the glow remains .
te	O	She struggled to stay calm , but her reserves were already depleted .
te	I	He wasn 't ready to go , but they started to drag Nate toward the entrance .
te	O	There was a Mr. Right out there for her somewhere and it ate me up inside .
te	O	He didn 't add any details and for George that was odd .
te	I	He believed it , then maybe I really would be and if I told him I was okay .
te	O	He left , and I headed to the ladies room .
te	O	Physically she was , but emotionally she was searching for an excuse to burst into tears .
te	O	His eyes had been gouged out and there were streaks of dried blood across his face .
te	O	I look over at him and even though it 's hard I hold his gaze .
te	I	They had lost their meaning for him , but he said the words by rote .
te	O	A question popped into Kylie 's mind and before she could stop herself , it slipped out of her mouth .
te	O	We thought there was a ghost town out here and we figured that might be interesting .
te	O	I smirk at her and she shakes her head .
te	I	He held back , but the urge to slam his fists into the device made his muscles clench .
te	I	Jaxon did want to know him , his reality , but maybe it wouldn 't happen .
te	I	The sound roared like thunder and the ground began to shake .
te	I	The doors opened and the elevator stopped .
te	O	People all around them rushed to their seats , and she fidgeted with her cup .
te	O	It was an unseasonably warm autumn morning , and for the first few miles outside of Wellesley , we drove with the windows down .
te	I	Jimmy pulled it open the rest of the way , and the door opened slightly .
te	I	She had to stay focused , and she had Moore to contend with .
te	I	I knew that once again , my hopes had been denied , but I had hoped that I could bask in my happiness with Kennan .
te	O	Jobs here aren 't exactly plentiful , and my degree was pretty much useless .
te	I	Possibly destroy them and hoping to turn me against the rebels .
te	I	Reflections were supposed to look back when looked at , but it was like looking at a reflection .
te	I	Rupert was already heading out of the vineyard , but he started to say hoarsely .
te	I	She caught the tightening of his bicep peeking from his tee shirt sleeve and he brought his other hand up to shield his eyes from the sun .
te	I	I just hope one day you 'll understand that and the decision I made was for a good course .
te	I	Images of Nick Delaware floated in front of her closed lids , and she went inside , lay on the bed .
te	I	Jennifer fixed herself up today , but he knew he was average looking .
te	O	The insects had shifted easily to let Boots by , but they were an obstacle course for him .
te	I	He felt ancient next to her , but he was only six years older than Maddy .
te	O	He heard her snort derisively and he laughed .
te	I	Our tired , wet eyes met , and he pulled back .
te	O	I swallowed nervously when she stepped aside to allow me entry and the nerves melted into awe as I took in the decor .
te	I	It was full of money and Janet got the briefcase from Gerry 's office .
te	O	There was no moon and the sky was cloudy .
te	O	I didn 't know if that was true , but I had to get her out of there .
te	O	My foot catches on the edge of the turnstile and I begin to topple backwards .
te	I	The land was rising now , the road running in a narrow valley , but the copse ended about four hundred yards along .
te	O	The first word I recognize is my brother 's name , and I prepare myself for what comes next .
te	I	He had caught them all before they had gotten too far , but many of them had tried to run away .
te	I	I can match him but he 's quite good .
te	O	You told me that we would find him soon , but now , all I see is this empty handed fool before me .
te	I	His tense features soften and he looks at me .
te	I	He left her , but he loved her .
te	I	It 's still liquid out in the center , but close to shore , the water has frozen .
te	O	He could not hear what she was saying because of the collected noise , yet he could tell what her project was all about .
te	O	I looked over at Maddie who was now resting comfortably , and I felt calmer .
te	I	My belly warmed , and his eyes flared .
te	O	They killed Pat , and now they 're looking for you .
te	O	I want to , but I can 't .
te	O	A normal woman would wait until dinner was served and they basked in the news of the waterfront deal .
te	O	He was beginning to not care what the outcome would be , but he continued anyway .
te	I	His hands remained steady , but he shrugged his shoulders .
te	O	Not that I was complaining , but I simply didn 't understand .
te	I	Only a few inches separate us and my mouth is level with hers .
te	I	My mouth went dry and my heart sped up .
te	I	It was all uphill , but none of it was more strenuous than hiking .
te	I	None of this did , but it made no sense .
te	I	Since I hadn 't , I just made do with reading , but I could be talking to him right now rather than being bored .
te	I	Wrung her hands in front of her and she grimaced .
te	I	Generally the worse human nature traits generally become and unfortunately the further up the power chain we go all this gets amplified .
te	O	Might have been a wrong number , but I think that 's unlikely .
te	I	I was too annoyed with him to ask what the song was , and he was humming again .
te	O	The library door flew open and a tall , white-haired gent strode in .
te	O	His expression was unreadable , but it wasn 't friendly .
te	O	Finally turned out the cows were dying of natural causes , and it was decomposing gas in the carcasses that split them open .
te	I	She wore pearls at her neck , and the dress was of deep green .
te	O	The group stopped and a woman spoke .
te	O	She 'd lost much of her ability to communicate verbally by then , but her expressive eyes had revealed her sympathy for Grace .
te	I	I hadn 't noted the date , but I 'd seen the newspaper stories .
te	O	She reached her hand up to knock , but then she dropped it back down again .
te	I	I 'm staying only just a step ahead , and I 'm still being shot at .
te	I	The lightning kept up , but later on , the rain turned to snow .
te	I	The water crystal clear and the sky was a magnificent blue .
te	I	I let her , helping out where I could and her hands reached down to pull off my shirt .
te	I	The same icy freeze immobilized her , but it was Spencer 's turn to speak next .
te	O	His eyes were very alert now , and his gaze was boring into mine .
te	O	This was more than Jason could take , and he stumbled off to empty his stomach with his dark shadow following .
te	I	It made my eyes water , but none of the other students seemed to be affected by it .
te	I	My eyes did a double take when I registered him standing in the open frame and I looked up in the mirror automatically .
te	O	After about ten seconds the door clicked open and he led me into a small foyer .
te	I	She seems to like it too , and he likes walking .
te	I	She saw his legs moving toward her , and she was staring at the lush carpet .
te	O	The secondary envelopes , still intact , held firm to the aft of the ship , and the damaged craft began to come apart .
te	I	The lad 's grip on the castle stone was unmovable but his hand rested on Christophe .
te	O	She ducked it , but the blade splintered the top rail of the chair 's high back before it buried itself in the floorboards .
te	I	Marcus 's return soon pulled my mind elsewhere , and I had no answers about the mystery visitor .
te	O	I tried to read it , but I was having a hard time focusing on the story .
te	I	It made my voice sharp , and an exasperation wrapped in anger .
te	O	The people that she 'd see there mash-ups were only vaguely familiar , but for the most part they stared blankly as she walked by them .
te	I	This window still had one , but Andrew had taken the screen off in the main room so he could smoke .
te	I	They didn 't look at each other and they didn 't talk to each other .
te	I	She was no longer feeling quite as charmed , but he was still charming .
te	O	Elizabeth pointed to the right of the stables , and they rushed in that direction .
te	I	This time took the door into the main building and they went back in through the storage area where they had arrived .
te	O	She knew it was wrong to read someone 's private journal , but he had it coming .
te	I	The rough stone floor dug into her bare feet , and the smoke from the torch made her eyes sting .
te	I	She didn 't seem to be interested , but they had both tried to include her .
te	I	I wasn 't done , but she opened her mouth .
te	I	High school is such a soap opera , but she tried to keep it a secret .
te	O	Jared looked to Samuel for explanation , but he was gone .
te	I	She spent the next minutes battling with her sugar mania , and he left .
te	I	She realized what had happened , and his dark hair curled unnaturally at the ends , singed .
te	I	She could barely contain her excitement , and she had no idea what Levi had planned .
te	O	The summer solstice was approaching , and the sun hadn 't quite gone down .
te	O	All her people looked like amoebas , but she was having fun .
te	O	This savagery fed upon itself , and soon Sandra Megiddo was engaging in all manner of depravity .
te	I	At least she was reacting , but she seemed agitated .
te	O	Food was sold by the kilogram and if it weighed less , customers insisted upon paying less .
te	I	My bed doesn 't face an open window , and my sheets aren 't navy blue .
te	O	One of the janitors had opened them and there was a cool -- human cold breeze blowing in .
te	I	It was going to be under military custody , but using their Imps to get found was the easiest way to get out of the city .
te	O	Everyone technically knew it , but fear still ran high in some people .
te	I	She stared hard at the human body before her and he finally walked over to her .
te	O	Her eyebrows rose the tiniest bit and she gave me a small nod as I turned toward the door of the compartment , pulling Mick with me .
te	O	I bit back a curse , but the damage was already done .
te	I	The death wish was clearly gone but he cut himself , yes , .
te	O	You 'd think it was boring , but I enjoyed it .
te	I	They are greedy ones , but they may be barbarians .
te	I	It was Clara but she had her back turned to me .
te	O	I didn 't think talking to them was a very good idea , but I didn 't think I had much of a choice , either .
te	O	They talked about other things for a few minutes , and when Hailey excused herself Nell said good-night , too .
te	I	I couldn 't help myself , but I should have walked away .
te	O	The door cracked open and a man 's face poked through the small opening .
te	I	She would not sleep this night , but she was exhausted to the bone .
te	O	True , he couldn 't trust Sidious , but how would he challenge three of the most power Force users the galaxy would ever know ?
te	O	He glanced at everyone , slowly swaying , and he held out his hand .
te	O	He had to get her out of his mind , and he 'd already established the only way to do it - have sex with her .
te	I	They spent their last moments watching their own blood gush on to the stone of the courtyard and their throats were cut .
te	O	Mr Leach looked angry , but Ben knew he 'd have to buy it .
te	O	She truly , deeply , and most profoundly loved him .
te	I	I ran a finger down my skin and something warm trickled down my neck .
te	I	He gave me a grin and I looked over at Owen .
te	I	She was way ahead of me and somehow she was able to just sail right across it .
te	O	Josef listened carefully and by the end it was clear that Mrs. Beacham wasn 't going to be able to help very much .
te	O	Miller walked through the doors into the large waiting room , and there was McBride waving to him from a seat nearby .
te	I	I stepped inside and he unlocked a cell door .
te	O	I didn 't know her long , but she was a kind lady .
te	I	It wound up sounding kind of creepy , but he 'd hoped the gangster imitation would give him some confidence .
te	O	The aches of the previous battle had caught up with him , and he slowly followed Cody into the cave .
te	O	They press very close and both make humming sounds .
te	I	Peter promised investors 15 % , and the industry average growth was around 8 % .
te	I	Now her smile came from her heart , and as she would herself , Sorcha thought .
te	I	She felt the arousal pressed into her core and she gasped in his mouth , as her body connected with his .
te	I	It has to be now , but we only want to help you .
te	I	When she walked into their dorm room , he thought he was seeing a living angel , and she 'd accompanied her parents when Jake moved in .
te	I	She craved ... and one kiss .
te	I	They are bloodless , so we sealed the magic with our own blood , but we used the jellyfish itself .
te	I	His silence told me my feelings weren 't returned , but each moment that passed made me want him more .
te	I	They both smiled , and she met Laurel 's eye .
te	O	The thought of even attempting to jump them scared me , and the nets below did absolutely nothing to calm me down .
te	I	Her desire to have him inside her grew , and a trickle of moisture settled between her legs .
te	I	William nodded to let her continue but Melinda went to stop her .
te	I	They were waiting for me to return and they had saved their mustering out pay .
te	I	He had to manage , but his foot ached even more painfully now having let it rest .
te	O	He drops me to the ground , and I spring back to my feet .
te	O	A small handful of the vase 's contents still remained inside the container , but it seemed that Vienne did not notice this .
te	I	You still don 't deserve me and you 're still a rich asshole .
te	O	Goddess help me , but I do .
te	O	The waitress brought their meals and they both started to eat .
te	I	His eyes went wide and his jaw dropped open .
te	O	The maiden opened the patient entrance , and a vivacious red dwarf stepped into the waiting room .
te	I	He hoped that she didn 't have other broken bones as well , and he was afraid her ankle was at least cracked if not broken .
te	O	There were voices behind her , and Clary strained her ears to hear who was talking .
te	O	I still didn 't believe her , but I was intrigued .
te	O	Some of them appreciated being told that it was the little things that could floor you , and some of them didn 't .
te	O	I didn 't know how much it meant to me until I came back to it , and now we 're going to lose it .
te	O	We were the only two people in the hallway and I had to wonder if we were being tested .
te	O	Benji picked up on it , and his smile disappeared .
te	I	It didn 't reach her eyes , but she smiled .
te	O	He didn 't talk just to talk , but this time his silence was different .
te	I	Made of a stone that might have been obsidian , and the disk was thin , tapering toward its outer edges .
te	O	Her smile seems as sad as mine , but at the moment , I don 't have the energy to pick us both up .
te	I	Then Kincaid waved it away with one hand , but his last statement was met with a pause .
te	O	She whimpered , the sound inflaming his need , and he braced a hand above her shoulder , looking into her beautiful eyes as he thrust deep .
te	I	I turned to Missy , giving her hand a squeeze and the driver pulled up to the entrance of the hospital .
te	O	He didn 't even quite know if he consciously controlled this path , but every part of him walked along it .
te	O	My family thinks I 'm crazy , and at this point I might be .
te	I	I stepped in behind her and she flung the door wide .
te	I	His eyes bulged out and he took one look at me .
te	O	She supposed there was life out there , but the visual realization of it was shocking .
te	O	Finder 's hands glowed and wolves appeared in them .
te	O	They passed a long mirror , and Hanna gazed at her reflection .
te	I	For some reason Romano decided to take charge , but apparently Mario set up the deal .
te	O	The bus rocked on its springs a little , but that was all .
te	O	My brain might be scattered , but it wasn 't completely useless .
te	O	She wished it could be as simple as that , but it wasn 't .
te	O	Robin shoved the clothing into it , then held the piece of wood up to where it had come from and the outline flamed back to life .
te	I	On both visits , Molly had sensed that Mama was glad to leave , and he was Mama 's brother .
te	O	The mate bond warmed him , and the pain receded the slightest bit .
te	I	She found that she liked it better , but it was a hard attitude .
te	I	My mom doesn 't seem to care , but I think I hear a jar break .
te	I	The gleaming yellow eyes told me of my mistake , but I took it to be a wolf at first .
te	I	At least she would not crawl , but she might walk out the door .
te	I	She caught all the signs of excitement shudder through his body at the thought of letting her lead , and his true nature won .
te	O	She reminded her of her brother when she 'd been smaller and it gave her a glow of happiness she couldn 't ever remember feeling .
te	O	He was breathing easily and his color was good .
te	O	My eyebrows lifted , and I smiled .
te	I	He would have taken care of their land and he would have let them stay in the house until they were gone .
te	I	He didn 't know what else to do , but this might be the wrong decision , leaving her .
te	I	I acted without thinking and well , so was I .
te	O	Several heads rose towards her in the anteroom , but she was past noticing .
te	O	Soon it grows too dim to see my chronometer settings , but I keep practicing anyway until my eyes start to droop .
te	O	She didn 't agree , but she didn 't deny it , either .
te	O	He captured one taut tip in his mouth and she more than sighed .
te	O	A thin trickle of blood runs out of my nose , and there 's nothing I can do even if I cared .
te	O	She shoved against him , but he wasn 't letting go .
te	I	The robe dragged heavily along the rubber floor , and his feet kept coming loose from the strings .
te	I	She wasn 't going to pull back , not now , but seeing that made Skye 's heart ache for them .
te	O	I didn 't know what she meant by that , but my stomach twisted .
te	I	She didn 't dare believe ever again , yet she wanted reassurance .
te	I	He didn 't answer , but I muttered , under my breath .
te	O	Callum 's voice sliced through my thoughts and I looked over at him in surprise .
te	I	He never flinched , and he knew who you were .
te	I	His thumb traced my belly along the top of my underwear , and his fingers fell to the top of my panties .
te	O	We 'll pick up hamburgers on the way home , and I 'll drop you both off at my house .
te	I	She fumbled for the waistband of his jeans and his excitement fed hers .
te	O	She would never admit it , but he 'd called her out .
te	O	Send me the details and I 'll review them .
te	O	Ash tried to swerve the car out of the way , but he was going too fast .
te	I	It didn 't happen , but Michael braced himself , wondering if that awful screech would come next .
te	O	It is very pleasant here , and I am sure Picard will find a time for you soon .
te	O	It was a technique he 'd used hundreds of times in the past , and it was as successful now as it had been before .
te	O	I took a deep breath , but the stupid tears kept falling .
te	I	I want to close my ears , and my brain is split by the siren .
te	O	Chapter Five The splash of water came as a disorienting shock , and Dennis sat bolt upright , clawing at the ground .
te	O	I was used to Nate trying to be romantic , and it tended to be a little much for me .
te	O	My voice grows louder with each word , and I end on a shout .
te	I	You 're not taking it and you have an easy out .
te	I	He bugged the coach every day and Tuck was in the same boat .
te	O	The seats were bucket style , so I could barely see over the dashboard , but he fit behind the wheel just fine .
te	I	She didn 't try to fight , but her voice cracked .
te	I	I decided to let it go , but she was obviously lying .
te	O	The fuel was hard to come by in the upper classes and they couldn 't use the unlicensed homemade oil that we used .
te	I	I smiled at the scene , and she didn 't lean away .
te	O	He looks a hundred times better than he did yesterday , and he isn 't coughing anymore .
te	O	He already had one infection , and she was pretty sure that human bites were as bad as an animal 's , maybe worse .
te	O	I knew he was in one of my classes , but we had never talked .
te	I	There was no one there ... but I blinked , sure I was seeing things .
te	I	He was fine , thank god , but my fingers searched for any cuts .
te	O	Kansas , however , was flat , and in the clear autumn air , a tail wouldn 't have to be close to be following him .
te	O	His fingers hook the top of my panties , and he starts to guide them down my knees .
te	I	Apparently Frank was too , and I was OK with that .
te	I	He watched me with a heavy stare and his arms were crossed over his chest .
te	I	I could use it to dial 9-1-1 and maybe they would drop their cell phone .
te	O	I don 't know how you got in and I really don 't care right now .
te	O	Her gut had told her that from the beginning and her gut was all she had to rely on .
te	I	Jase wasn 't sure how he felt about this , and the image staring back at him looked more like thirty than forty .
te	O	Maddie was kissing his neck again , and Jack closed his eyes .
te	I	She didn 't seem to want to have anything to do with me , but all I knew was that I wanted to hold her hand again .
te	O	This girl did what she had to defend herself , and now she 's rotting in here because some bastard 's family has connections .
te	I	Then she slowly reached her right hand up to touch her cheek , and Cindy remained frozen for another moment .
te	O	I was deep in some damn cave full of spiky things and I couldn 't see .
te	I	He stood up respectfully as Lily went by , but Rudi 's voice was laconic .
te	I	Lady Selina would not be swayed , but for myself , I would have welcomed being set free from my responsibilities as prince of the clan .
te	I	I wondered why and he looked absolutely confident in his boast ?
te	I	Eventually I realized I liked her too much to stay away , but it may have taken a few days .
te	I	He was astonished that he hadn 't recognized it earlier , and because he did love her .
te	O	Tempers flare up in times like these and my tongue just flew by .
te	I	The chair began to rock and the ripples in the water grew .
te	I	As soon as he was outside he ran towards an elevator nearby and Jackson limped out the door .
te	I	Music drifts through the room , and he adjusts a dial .
te	I	He barely felt the pain but his neck was sliced open as its fangs tore through his flesh .
te	O	The ribbon was in bad shape , but Linda had cleaned up the medal .
te	I	Their faces foretold of the inherent evil running in their veins but the cave dwellers were extremely handsome .
te	I	Craddock could help them and he hoped to hell that Vale was right .
te	O	It burned from the first moment it hit my throat and I cringed at the kick it had as it went down .
te	O	I think I had , but I was no solider .
te	O	His hand cradled the back of my head and he stared down at me with angry eyes .
te	I	Its strength was fading , but the demon was powerful .
te	O	I take the weapons from the fallen men as we exit the barn and we descend the stairs .
te	O	It 's the beginning of spring and the Alexandria air is cold .
te	O	i made a fool of myself at a ball tonight and there 's no way i 'll ever live it down .
te	I	Kylie walked out together , and * * * Miranda , Del a .
te	I	Her face fell , and Julianne poked her head in .
te	O	He felt his brain start to warm and he struggled to focus on the guard .
te	I	A grin curves at his lips and his eyes open .
te	O	She 's a ringer and this game is rigged .
te	I	You can 't say no , but yes , it 's hard .
te	I	Another part of her was terrified to find out , but part of her wanted to see who the man was .
te	O	I loved my late wife , as I know you loved your late husband , and I 'd never ask to replace him .
te	I	Still looking at the picture walked out of the morgue and Jo turned .
te	O	I want to hang out with Erin , but I see her every night .
te	O	He was somewhat sulky at having been left outside the cafe in the cold , but he was also very excited .
te	O	Soon she emerges into a clearing at the top , and it 's a divine sight .
te	I	It did and she began to spin onto herself so that the wave could spread .
te	O	Chapter 10 Turning eighteen wasn 't as exciting as I 'd thought it would be when I was a kid , but some pretty cool stuff happened .
te	I	It was clear by the look in her eyes that she wasn 't really around with us , but we all looked at her in surprise .
te	O	When the drink waitress from the bar came to the table , Mandy chose a diet soda , and Buddy ordered iced tea with lemon .
te	I	In the end , he needed to be inside her too much , but he gritted his teeth in an effort to hold back .
te	O	My dad 's solution was to have cameras record everything that went on while he was gone , and he could view the video on the internet .
te	I	Daniel was having a field day just watching her , and she pushed all the buttons .
te	O	Brindle took him a different way back to his room , but this route didn 't reveal anything important .
te	O	Blood gushed out and he painted a pentacle on his hand with blood .
te	O	He needed to scribble constantly on pieces of paper and each scrap was important .
te	O	The guy had a chip on his shoulder , and I was sick of standing underneath its shadow .
te	O	The message from Jeffrey was straightforward enough , but Rick often wondered from where else Elijah received information .
te	I	Humans were none the wiser , and these beasts were out there .
te	I	Papa would never let her hear the end of it if he learned of this , but it was bad enough that she 'd danced with him .
te	I	He had scratches on the side of his face , and the guy 's lip was bleeding .
te	I	He just pressed on , but my mouth went dry .
te	I	I blurt it out and a thought hits me .
te	I	He didn 't care anymore so instead he looked away , but Dever tried to hide his frown .
te	I	It had not flustered the Whisper , but this was something alarming to us .
te	O	Her nails sank deeper , cutting skin , and he nearly moaned at the heady sting .
te	I	His unmistakable presence was absent , but the cord was still there .
te	I	He didn 't attack again , but he leveled Devon with a fierce glare as he rubbed his bruised throat .
te	O	He dropped the glass on the floor and it shattered .
te	I	She finally realized that my hands had been freed and I froze .
te	I	Cricket bounds easily onto our driveway , but I grip his arm in horror .
te	O	Yeah , I knew he and the others were there by scent only .
te	O	Gregori will monitor her heart from a distance , and I will watch over the infant .
te	O	Lili was cruel with the blackest of hearts and I couldn 't take any more .
te	I	He takes his nature from my family , but he looks like his father .
te	I	They were again free and Heather was sleeping well after learning that Betty had heard Edna .
te	I	My mind wanders as I catch a glimpse at her ass , and it 's not leaving a whole hell of a lot to the imagination .
te	O	I smiled at his attention and Ashlyn grinned at him too .
te	O	The cold beer had hit the spot , and nachos always tasted better at sporting events .
te	I	He almost overextended his arm to catch it , and it cost him the precious second he needed to snag the ball .
te	O	He couldn 't see where she was , but he could feel that much .
te	I	All that is raindrops falling into a furnace , but I scold myself , remind myself she 's my brother 's wife .
te	O	He walked across his room , and I tried to breathe .
te	O	Men found many different ways of coping with stress and this man was firmly grasping his duty .
te	O	I remember my flowers at the last moment and I pull myself free to grab them .
te	O	Palomino was naturally brown , and I was very tan .
te	I	They are waiting to see which one is revealed to be the strongest and they are watching .
te	I	I still wanted him to be aware what was going on , but it wasn 't football season .
te	O	No spirit can cross our threshold , yet one did .
te	I	She did not try to avoid the question , but her lined face stilled , her eyes on some distant memory .
te	O	Some weren 't as kind , but Austin could deal with them .
te	O	Lei had wished me well at work on Friday when I told her what was happening , but she 'd been notably subdued .
te	I	I made our way across the clearing before us and the girls stayed crouched behind the wall as Bull .
te	O	She 's a tough old bird and she would get by just fine .
te	I	I immediately know why and his shoulders hunch .
te	I	Then his mouth was moving down my neck , his lips brushing across my collarbone , but Tripp kissed my mouth again .
te	I	Whatever game she was playing , Trenton wasn 't having it , and we were both exhausted .
te	O	Stars dappled the night sky , and a crescent moon was partially obscured by cloud cover .
te	I	Scraps lay all about the torn up linoleum floor and dirty yellow paint is peeling off the ceilings .
te	O	She hadn 't heard back from Nathan regarding the stalker emails , and she wasn 't sure how long she was supposed to wait .
te	I	She softened , and he leaned closer to her .
te	I	George knew this as well as she did , but the potential for good was very high .
te	I	It 'll be granted and he 'll seek vengeance .
te	O	Her hair wasn 't drab , but it certainly appeared to be when compared with that of her colleagues .
te	O	It was autumn by the time I finished , and then one evening I completed the last clasp .
te	I	She obeys still and she has obeyed the first half of the journey .
te	I	The system wouldn 't allow it , but michaels had tried to .
te	O	I want to let this happen , but something is still holding me back .
te	I	Then he would finally sleep , and half an hour of work , then he would enter the last of the data into Snow White .
te	O	We 'd never openly acknowledged what Lucas had done , or the way I 'd been forced to fight back .
te	I	Aquarius stepped out of the building and just then the office door swung open .
te	I	Worse , maybe he was a terrorist ... or maybe they thought he was a terrorist .
te	O	While she slept in a white , disinfected room across town , there were long nights of David and me alone in the house .
te	I	Soon I will be able to use it freely , like the humans , but it burns me now .
te	I	I turn my head , and there is a groan behind me .
te	I	He 'd be damned if he ever gave her up , and Jamie knew exactly what he wanted , too .
te	O	James tried to remember going fishing with him , but in the boat next to James in his mind was a paper man drawn in crayon .
te	O	The doctor said that it was normal , that allergies subside with growth , and problems disappear .
te	O	64 Olivia knew something Cameron didn 't , but she 'd been afraid to tell him .
te	O	They shake hands , and Kyoto bows .
te	I	Surely a man couldn 't fall asleep that fast , but he didn 't stir .
te	I	For Rover , the stray dog she 'd adopted and Rose Harbor Inn had become her sanctuary , a safe harbor for her .
te	O	I knew about the dagger 's existence , but that 's All .
te	I	I stayed at La Bahia , but he went back to Bexar .
te	I	I wasn 't in the mood to sugarcoat my mood with pretty words , but it was crude .
te	O	I think I can use my mind to entertain me , but thinking makes me restless .
te	O	She didn 't want to alarm herself , but it seemed as though men stared at her .
te	O	Your neighbours can hear the squealing and scratching from inside their own homes .
te	I	A doctor turns in his chair to see me and I push open the door of a small room .
te	O	She watched the animal lust on his twisted face , and the horror of her situation bloated up inside her .
te	I	This seemed different , but he had never had problems in tight spaces , even once went on his belly thorough a passage in a cave .
te	O	I 've known you were my mate , and you held me back .
te	O	A moment later his father walked into the kitchen with the camera , and he set it on the table .
te	I	There wasn 't much he could do , but Sanderson didn 't appear too pleased with the situation .
te	O	The room had gone dark , and I lit a lone candle .
te	I	He needed your help , and you realized he was telling the truth .
te	O	They probably wouldn 't , and I was tempted .
te	O	That has also been my friend the last few days , but it can 't help me either unless I shoot Jake .
te	O	The noise was deafening , but it did the trick .
te	O	It was a gentlemanly thing to do , and not something I 'd take for granted .
te	I	She sucked and her lips closed around the broad tip .
te	I	Grace could still see her inner turmoil , but Aphrodite 's gaze fell to the floor .
te	O	Now it was nearly two , and that was too far for Eddie to keep her in his sight .
te	O	She ran her hands under his shirt and he grazed one nipple with his teeth .
te	O	He was right at her heels , and he stayed there , until she had the phone in her hands .
te	O	We board an elevator , and Plutarch checks his notes .
te	I	I knew that was the only way , but I felt bad for ignoring her .
te	I	Within minutes the tangy odor of the liniment nearly took his breath away , and the horse stall was small .
te	O	The bed sank under Caden 's weight and I felt him tugging at the covers .
te	O	Ali nodded her approval , and Hanna smiled with relief .
te	O	The thing is , I am , but the fear has changed .
te	I	The tinted windows make it difficult to see inside , but I glance to where the van is parked .
te	O	Then she recognized one of the voices , and awareness swept through her .
te	O	He didn 't look up when she walked in , but she could see his shoulders tense slightly .
te	O	His expression was blank , but she fancied she saw a fire in his eyes .
te	I	He 'd recognize it anywhere , but the hair didn 't have her scent .
te	O	The guards didn 't like it , but they knew not to argue with all of us .
te	O	My heart sped up again and the skin on my forearms tingled .
te	I	I don 't give a shit but everyone 's looking at me .
te	I	I could finally see the other bed , and they parted like a curtain of flesh .
te	I	The others caught her shoulder , sending her to the ground , but one set of knuckles passed over her .
te	I	Steve continued and Dave nodded .
te	I	He takes off my blindfold then smiles down at me , and we lay together .
te	O	Pete shot a look at his henchmen , and they pounced .
te	I	His jaw is hanging open and his eyes are too big .
te	O	She 'd locked the door , but there had been no need .
te	O	Most of the crew had already passed out in their berths and several men were snoring loudly .
te	O	That made her go pale , but she didn 't drop it .
te	O	He noticed dully that the water seemed to be descending a little too slowly for the incline , but he was too tired to speculate about it .
te	I	Having calmed his demeanour in advance , was already prepared to reassure his two younger brothers , and Stern reflected on his thoughts for a moment .
te	I	I didn 't notice the snow under my feet and I didn 't feel how cold it was .
te	I	I can 't call right now , but I want to hear your voice .
te	I	My father wasn 't , and why she was there .
te	I	The irony of that was not lost on me , and I felt safe in Gideon 's arms .
te	I	He knew what I was , and Calhoun recognized my name .
te	I	His best guess was that he could escape with about $ 80,000 , and he studied the numbers .
te	O	Adrenaline begins to leak into my bloodstream , and I silently pray for Isaiah to stride back into the door .
te	I	It would allow him some companionship , and if nothing else Adam was the same age as Peter .
te	O	It took my sister no more than ten seconds to answer the same questions , and then my mom crept from the room .
te	O	He examined the tops of the cliff surrounding the plateau , but it was impossible to make out anything through the storm .
te	I	Huge chunks of his body had been ripped away , and one of his legs was shattered .
te	I	Their grades were very good , and there was only one month left before the end of the year .
te	I	Dissident always has me bring him by some of the finest and I fly by there on occasion .
te	O	I 'm sure it 's just my imagination , but I swear I can hear the rustle of wings .
te	I	The dress will just get dirty , most likely , and I will be keeping watch over his Majesty during his vigil .
te	I	Shorty clogged away towards the cash counter to get a bottle of black polish , and Abe returned his nod .
te	I	Maybe we could have worked through it , and that would have been bad enough .
te	O	After satisfying her thirst , she listened carefully , but all was quiet .
te	I	I 've seen him deduce amazing things , and I 've known Cal since grade school .
te	I	The crease of concern between my mother 's eyebrows doesn 't fade , but the customer waiting at the counter is watching us .
te	O	He searched the top of the dresser , but the crystal was gone .
te	I	She had to admit he had become a good friend , and she realized she had included Ryan in her thoughts .
te	I	It distracts me from making the dream show where she 's at , and she throws up some obstacle for me to fight against .
te	O	Bella 's eyes rolled and the stranger turned around .
te	I	I like The Geezer , and I like our dorm .
te	I	My emotions coursed through me in waves , and the dam around my heart was gone .
te	I	Seth starts texting on his phone while Luke stares out at the beach to the side of us and it goes silent again .
te	I	I back away from the door , uncertain of what to do with myself , and I do hear the footsteps however .
te	I	There will be a lot of work ahead of us for the next several years , but I am honored we were awarded this contract .
te	I	I should say Len was the one different from his family members , or the two looked completely different .
te	I	I 'd had it since I was a baby , but it was a scruffy grey bear , nothing special .
te	O	I asked and she shooed me into a seat at the table .
te	I	The passenger window shattered and he bent down to retrieve binoculars .
te	O	I 'm a part of you , and you 're a part of me .
te	I	Group sex was way out her comfort zone , but she loved him .
te	O	Kim tried once more to get past him , but he pushed her back .
te	O	I mentioned this to Carlos and he smiled .
te	I	Closing his eyes worsened the effect , but he covered his eyes to try to block out the shooting stars coming at him like missiles .
te	I	Two boys were absent on that day , and there were 19 boys in our class .
te	I	Jack swatted my fingers away , but I reached for the lid .
te	O	The whole crew had returned and they muddled around a central fire .
te	O	She felt a lot of things but okay wasn 't one of them .
te	O	My knees weakened , and I leaned against Xavier , who had already taken my side for support .
te	O	They all hastily followed suit , and I waved them down .
te	I	You didn 't do anything wrong and it was a long time ago .
te	I	If she did , he needed to be in control of his hunger , but he was certain Elena would never return to the dungeon .
te	O	As the morning went on , I wasn 't sure if it was my imagination , but it seemed like people were looking at me funny .
te	I	Maya suddenly realized she was crying , and Tara put a comforting hand on Maya 's shoulder .
te	I	I decided to ask her something that had been bugging me all day and the CD player cued up one of those gooey songs by the Cure .
te	I	There was something about him that gave her pause , but his expression hadn 't changed .
te	O	It feels caring , and I want that .
te	O	The other mom was picking them up , but it would give Charlotte a convenient excuse to hurry home .
te	I	She stands straighter , so she seems taller , but she is about as tall as I am .
te	O	He tried to get to you , but it was too late .
te	I	They were on both arms , as well as my neck and the crescent-shaped marks were a pain to hide .
te	O	Samantha 's face seemed to harden , and she scrambled up on her knees .
te	I	I decided I didn 't really want any more apples , and then I thought about putting some more apples into the shopping cart .
te	O	He was supposed to be coming back in two days , and I wasn 't sure I was ready to face him .
te	I	His eyes widened and his voice rose .
te	O	He could believe anything in his moods , and everyone in the palace knew more than he about the life of us girls .
te	O	It frightened her , but she felt safer for it .
te	I	Everything about Rina screamed pleasure , and his gut told him not to mix business with pleasure .
te	I	Goodwill is SO much cheaper than the mall , but it 's not like I 'm really poor .
te	O	We made it to the top , but Alicia had already scrambled after us .
te	I	The cub backs up into a crouch position , and another wave washes in .
te	O	Bradley opened his mouth to continue , but they pulled next to another hotel where his family was staying .
te	O	I made it to the car , but Cole held his ground in front of the driver 's - side door .
te	O	All her friends had siblings but she had stood out .
te	O	I have no idea what time it is , but Jennifer has to get home before her curfew .
te	I	Her new shoes had been merciless and her feet still ached from standing so long .
te	O	It sounded so spooky that I got covered in goose bumps all over and my knees felt funny .
te	O	The battle was over , and he had survived it .
te	O	She was staring across the room , and even before Clary turned her head , she knew what her mother was looking at .
te	I	The three women sat back in their chairs in silence , and there was a combined sigh .
te	O	My own anxiety antagonized it , and it 's dangerous for me to let that kind of restlessness take over .
te	I	There is no answer and I try my house .
te	I	Anne scooted over allowing the other two women to enter the car and the rear door opened .
te	O	She reached out a hand and he took it in his .
te	I	She found her focus and gradually the anxiety melted away .
te	O	The driver glanced at me in the rear view mirror , and I wondered what kind of life he had .
te	O	He was a senior and I was a sophomore .
te	O	My heart tripped up , and relief eased some of the tense muscles in my shoulders .
te	I	I knew he was there to kill me , and I saw the blood still dripping on the blade .
te	I	He nods none-the-less , but he looks even more confused .
te	I	Her skin dampened and her breaths shortened .
te	O	He held a subtlety of youth , but his harsh battle history was imprinted on his face .
te	I	For a moment both accountants silently lamented the waste of hard-earned money , and Luther said .
te	I	She deserved to be freed , and she was the true hero , much more so then he himself was .
te	O	We were to close and time was running out .
te	O	Everything was always owed to him and there never were any consequences , at least not for him .
te	O	It was a cityscape and I had to agree that it fit more with the image of the city of Paris than a boat did .
te	I	Angie could get some footage with both cameras without bringing attention to themselves by her riding his shoulders again and Preston was hoping he .
te	O	It was the wrong color , and it shimmered rather than flickered .
te	I	I could see Emma 's heart breaking as she told it , and that was a lie , of course .
te	O	Her eyes widened and pulse quickened at the sight of the man he 'd become .
te	I	His hands were dug into his pockets , and his bag was slung over one shoulder .
te	O	Slaying the undead was a messy job , but someone 's got to do it .
te	O	Yesterday , we repeated the rules , only two people decided to leave , and that was before they knew anything important about the project .
te	I	John was too fast , but he tried countering with a kick .
te	I	Yet Arn did not speak and there was much to say .
te	O	Over four hundred ruthless well-armed thugs , and they answered to him .
te	I	She was suddenly apprehensive and there was delight in his eyes .
te	O	There was a popping sound , and then the flashlight went out .
te	O	They were draped in clothes that were little more than tattered rags , but she could see that their bodies were not only made of flesh .
te	I	Duke Henry was less credulous but Lady Katherine gasped in horror .
te	I	This time it was seething inside me to the core , but it was a feeling I thought I was used to .
te	I	He pointed at the picture from my yearbook , and Denver brought it up .
te	I	Then I 'll call you back , and I 'm calling the hospitals .
te	I	If I listen really closely I can hear the scratching of a pencil across paper and he stops talking .
te	I	We 'd never had reason to visit , but I had seen the sign for it .
te	O	You 're beautiful and you smell great .
te	I	Her position was being wound up immediately and she was going to be made redundant .
te	I	They know we 're getting closer and it 's as though my legs have a mind of their own .
te	O	The costumes required copious amounts of baby powder to get on , and they had an unfortunate tendency to split along their seams .
te	O	Evan waited by the garage door , and he warned us to be quiet .
te	I	The boy only knew any truth because of him , and he was the only one Josiah felt he really knew .
te	O	I told her my son was in with the flu and she said her grandmother was recovering from a small stroke .
te	O	There was a dining room table that seated at least sixteen and I could smell fresh flowers in the air .
te	O	You could have told the Chief everything that was omitted but you didn 't .
te	I	An hour later he reached the outskirts of Manhattan , but the driving was slow going .
te	O	Just like every moment I spent with him , I wanted it to last for an eternity , but the song came to a close .
te	O	I want to be a wife and I want to be a mom .
te	O	His intense stare was intended to intimidate , but as far as she was concerned , this was one issue that was nonnegotiable .
te	O	He moved to touch her , and though she shied away , he could swear it was less than before .
te	I	I thought it was better that I collect Claudia myself , but Rick wanted to come with me .
te	O	My anticipation for the kill increased , and I gripped my gun tighter .
te	I	The man on the other side of my door was actually worse than Marshall , but I 'd never have thought it was possible .
te	O	She gets better grades than me , but then I suppose she works for it .
te	O	Absolute power corrupts absolutely , he 'd quipped to her once , yet he 'd repeatedly proven otherwise with his actions .
te	I	They 'd made plenty of deadly enemies , but Claire didn 't exactly know what those three men had done when they were in the military .
te	I	I had no idea what her maiden name was , but she probably wasn 't going by Mrs. Coleman anymore .
te	O	It had taken awhile but she was definitely back .
te	I	The hordes of people began to disperse and after a while the shops began to close .
te	I	This time his voice fell to a whisper and Ned cleared his throat .
te	O	The major argument firmly polarized them in three predictable subgroups ; for , against , and unwilling to decide .
te	I	She had a really crummy punch , but she wanted to swing at him .
te	O	The color had returned to his face and he was sitting up in bed more .
te	O	I did have his money and I 'm thankful for that .
te	O	I am west of you and I have a troll child with me .
te	O	Maybe she did at one point , but now , today , there doesn 't seem to be sexual tension there at all .
te	I	He would have killed her anyways but the abortion was selfish .
te	O	Jared 's eyes were tight , and Ryan leaned forward a bit .
te	O	Elizabeth is aboard and Veronica will be worried .
te	I	For some reason at the mention of it he did feel hungry but Food would have been furthest from his mind in his current condition .
te	O	I add a teasing quality to my voice , but the truth is that I want to know .
te	I	Michael drew away before he could touch him , but he leant forward to pat Michael 's arm .
te	O	I saw a shadow of worry cross Elizabeth 's face at that -- and I felt the same alarm .
te	I	Lying on a bed with silken sheets but she was no longer in the earth .
te	O	He knocked the knife out of her hands , and she heard it hit the wall a few feet away .
te	O	Yes , she 'd been holding his hand , but that didn 't necessarily mean she was feeling any differently toward him .
te	I	I twisted toward Carson , burrowing my face against his chest , and a tremble ran through my body .
te	O	It felt so heavy and I felt so immovable .
te	I	Sometimes it was still sore for him , but the cast had come off a month ago .
te	I	I ignored him , but Mr. Green coughed .
te	O	Both of us had class , but we skipped to go make her statement .
te	I	I like it , and you 've been a little different the last few days .
te	I	The windows were tinted black and the car had no license plate .
te	O	In Soviet times we had no money but people were more content .
te	O	I didn 't really want to help , but I figured that I should .
te	I	Helen had no idea where his household staff had stored her underwear but she had outer clothes .
te	O	It seemed a long way away at that point , but Cale didn 't feel he had much choice .
te	I	Jason saw Talon suddenly look his way , frowning , and the other soldiers stared down at it in shock .
te	O	It was always good to get some home time on a weekend , but I was bursting to tell Brandon about my encounter with Mr. Worthington .
te	O	He thought he was doing something wrong , but she never yelled at him .
te	I	Jax just grinned at me , and Sadie ducked her head .
te	O	He 'd only been home one day , and already jealousy was beginning to torment her .
te	O	I stared at goat man again but he didn 't look at me .
te	O	They were both good dancers to begin with and together , they were fun to watch .
te	O	She 's got some trouble brewing , and I just want to help her out .
te	I	I could already feel my face flame , and Micah 's gaze dropped to my mouth .
te	O	It looked to her like her father and Esther may have a little romance going on .
te	O	He 'd rented the room for another night , but I wasn 't sure if we could top last night .
te	I	A few minutes later he looked up from the screen and the General sat down at his computer .
te	I	The battle began in earnest and the gate was in disarray .
te	I	I sighed and his lips landed on mine softly .
te	I	You will make Leo 's life stressful and you will not get far .
te	I	I still caught the way his ears reddened , but he said it matter-of-factly .
te	O	She 's just dead weight , and it 's only after I scramble away that I realize I heard a gunshot .
te	O	He reached his hands to my face , his thumbs brushing against my cheeks , and before I could stop him , his lips were on mine .
te	O	His fingers were stiffening up quickly , and his hand was beginning to throb .
te	O	They do , and she crouches over the stretcher .
te	I	She didn 't know what to say now , but at least then it would turn into a wrestle of wills .
te	O	These incidents weren 't caused by the ghosts , but the people had begun to blame the apparitions .
te	I	She 'd never found him particularly cold , but sure , she 'd heard the whispers that the guy was supposed to bleed ice water .
te	O	So of course I asked who and he went , ' Anyone .
te	O	They 're all good people and they 're worried about you .
te	O	I covered my mouth with the backs of my fingers as I tried not to laugh , but one came through anyway .
te	O	Jesse sought each memory out diligently and he placed them in order .
te	O	According to Nic , she existed , but he couldn 't find out anything else about her , which made him nuts .
te	O	It wasn 't likely I 'd ever consent to my mother getting sectioned , but he didn 't need to know that .
te	O	My voice was flat and no emotion was betrayed .
te	I	If I had a choice , I 'd stay on the coast , but I 'd grown up near the mountains .
te	I	We were alone and the door shut .
te	O	An arrow struck sparks from Maximus 's helmet , and another flickered past Marcus 's ear with an eerie , fluttering hiss .
te	O	He was real , in the flesh - and he was kneeling in front of me .
te	O	She was going to have to kill him , but not now ; right now she had to get herself chosen .
te	I	She took it , and there was an apple , though .
te	O	Jessica 's arms slipped from my neck and I turned away from her , furiously rubbing my eyes .
te	I	The power of the color green is universal , but they hadn 't struck me as politicized people .
te	I	Another contingent guarded the building , and a cordon of security closed off the entire block .
te	O	Jack took a step backward , away from me , and as he did , a voice called out to us .
te	O	Truth , she 's convinced this will kill her , but still she cares first about her modesty .
te	O	I pointed to the writing on the door with the pen , and then purposefully busied myself with his paperwork .
te	O	The waitress brought our drinks , and we pretended like nothing was wrong , fooling no one .
te	O	Perhaps it came from a fire burning in an open pit and he imagined Gwen sleeping beside it .
te	O	On Sunday night she gets booed by the beasts at Teatro Regio , and tonight she 's having an ugly spat with her man .
te	O	She was pretty sure he was expecting her to burst any second , and she felt like she might .
te	I	It wasn 't burning , but the heat was intense .
te	O	He removed the saddlebags and slung them over his shoulder .
te	I	Someone else appears above me and as I 'm about to take my last breath , he 's suddenly thrown off me .
te	O	He wasn 't moving , but there wasn 't time to check .
te	O	It was very hard to breathe , but he waded into the twisted metal to reach them .
te	O	She hated the thought of letting her psychic abilities have control of her , but she needed to know he was all right .
te	O	I explained my rationale , and then he laughed too .
te	O	The sensation she was experiencing was all too familiar to Selena , and she 'd always related it to running .
te	O	Her lips got tighter and she inclined her head .
te	O	It was only four hours each way , and he could get what sleep he needed on the plane .
te	I	Being so vulnerable was unsettling , but once we made it out , the wounds would heal .
te	O	She attended his home lacrosse games , but she always tuned out halfway through .
te	I	George Murphy shook my hand and I walked up the steps .
te	I	He knew where he was headed but he passed many intersections .
te	O	Tears formed in her eyes , but she didn 't let go .
te	I	We all fell in line behind him , and the coach set off across the quad .
te	I	She felt a strong chill sweep over her , and there really wasn 't enough time , though , because she heard footsteps coming up the stairs .
te	I	When Spencer turned , it was only a bird , but a shadow moved behind the jungle gym .
te	O	The stone towers creaked , and the metal girders groaned .
te	O	As she got closer , the door opened and she saw Julian come out of the bar .
te	O	She reluctantly let go of his shoulder and he flicked a finger carelessly over the punctures .
te	O	They look like fire but it 's all tribal .
te	I	She was gone and Aunt Mary had been lying right next to me .
te	O	He looked familiar , but Bryan couldn 't remember where he had seen him before .
te	O	He has taken my sister and I would take her place .
te	O	The stranger had every intention of shooting if it came to it and her confidence must have gotten to Aquarius sending him on his way .
te	O	The next supplicant came in and the king was vaguely aware of him mentioning some land dispute with a neighbor .
te	I	I don 't know how to swim and I 'm spinning , stranded in the middle of the ocean of my own imagination .
te	I	He doesn 't believe me , but I 've been telling him for three years that I got my job as a baker because of you .
te	I	In others , well , the less said the better and sometimes we are successful .
te	O	She tried to turn away but her legs refused to obey .
te	I	He wasn 't going to tell her , yet clearly , Cullen was concerned about something .
te	O	She tried to get a grip on him , but he was too fast .
te	O	I fell to the floor , and just before passing out , I noted that Piper was unharmed .
te	O	She 'd hoped , but really she 'd known .
te	I	Gia knew immediately this wasn 't the one and they pulled into the pebbled driveway of an older house .
te	O	I open the front door but the house is quiet .
te	I	The current of pleasure leaped within her , and the transition from anger to desire was so swift that she couldn 't control it .
te	I	She definitely flirted a lot , but she didn 't sleep around .
te	I	A new champion was born and knowing that she was unable to continue , he declared the match over .
te	O	* * * Joey picked up Michelle from work and drove to the hospital .
te	I	It wasn 't enough , but I was a soldier , the hero coming home .
te	O	They 'll be here for three days and additional security is coming up as well .
te	O	My breath catches in my throat and I feel dizzy .
te	I	She stood as well , and fury suffused her .
te	I	They stood out against his pale skin and the iris of his eyes were almost as dark as his pupils .
te	O	It was more the wine than a conscious decision , but Charlie started telling Kate what he 'd learned .
te	O	He often resented wanting to talk to her , but she had an interesting mind .
te	I	She didn 't know how she 'd ever get out again and he had sucked Julie into his world .
te	I	He generally had those , but he had a suspicion .
te	I	The table was already set , and Lil ian was expecting us .
te	I	It hadn 't stopped growing , and a lump in my throat had started forming the instant she had called .
te	O	His mood swings are exhausting to keep up with , and I have barely even spent fifteen minutes with him .
te	I	Their overwhelming desire to make every new student feel welcome wasn 't sitting well with me today , but I loved my friends .
te	O	The outdoor faucets had been drained and turn turned off .
te	O	She would only deny it , and then that would be that .
te	O	I 'd flop on the bed , but I know what goes on there .
te	I	It didn 't touch my heart , but I was embarrassed at being jilted .
te	I	I took it and she handed me the guitar .
te	O	I walk into the building , ears wide , but now I can only hear the blizzard 's howling wind dancing around the creaking beams .
te	I	It might as well be worlds away in this situation , but the lavatory was only a small enclosure within the vault .
te	I	If that was the case , she simply wasn 't interested , and she wondered if he was leading up to asking her out again .
te	O	A soft arm guided Steve to a seat and he found a sobbing Lavina clutching at him .
te	O	They 've sent someone to check out on him , and the door was eventually open , revealing the body .
te	O	Annie had left after their talk , but Mary came running into the room .
te	I	He was proofreading it and maybe it was the last book Marcus wrote ?
te	O	She felt as if she were standing in the teeth of a hurricane , but nothing around her was affected by the strange gale .
te	O	She was bruised but that was it .
te	O	The atmosphere was extremely awkward , but I pretended not to notice .
te	O	Melanie didn 't introduce him to her daughter and he didn 't ask where the girl was .
te	O	It was what I 'd expected , but it stung more than I thought it would .
te	I	My mom 's coffee cup is still in the sink , and My Dad 's hat is still on the kitchen table .
te	I	I at least like to know what I 'm worried about and I asked because I was starting to get a little worried .
te	I	It was heartened , and his smile returned .
te	O	Neo Utopia was an attempt to kill us all and Lunar was a trap .
te	O	His dark hair was shorter than he used to wear it but it suited his handsome , angular face .
te	I	He followed it up , and this got some nervous laughter .
te	O	she said , and Henry nodded .
te	O	It wasn 't even a figure that moved at him then , but a shape , a blur , grey around the edges it moved so fast .
te	I	She knew he wouldn 't , but he should have just taken them off .
te	O	She waited , but the man didn 't respond .
te	O	He touched Alice 's arm , and she surrendered me to him .
te	O	One more left and I 'm about to take him out , too , when I see Juliette shoot him from behind .
te	I	He doesn 't have a secretary yet , and a new partner is joining the firm .
te	O	That heinous thought hadn 't occurred to her and she didn 't know what to say .
te	I	She beamed at him and Rhett answered .
te	I	The waiter gave them two fortune cookies with their change , and they split the bill .
te	I	Between the two of them they eventually got it mounted it on a tiny pivot , but it was fiddly work .
te	I	Instinct takes over and he steps forward .
te	I	Ida stepped back and Zach began pumping again .
te	O	Maybe once you 're there , you could help , but for now , please teach me .
te	I	It didn 't stop me but I felt a twinge of regret .
te	O	Visiting hours were over in ICU , but the staff was smart enough to let us pass .
te	O	Kane was about to defile every notion Hank had of himself , and he was going to do it with Hank 's own fire .
te	I	He certainly had no issue with her race and her views did not seem to bother Steven .
te	I	As I made my way in I got a text from Simon , and I made it to the rehearsal with a few moments to spare .
te	O	David was inside now , but he 'd called an ambulance , was insisting that both of them get medical help .
te	O	When they reached the bridge , the computers were down , and no hard copy map of the fleet could be found .
te	O	You were getting older and you had your own ideas .
te	I	Stacy didn 't elaborate , but Junie looked up quizzically .
te	I	She was talking on the phone and he 's just done something heroic .
te	I	He shook his head fast , and his eyes lit up , a smile on his face .
te	O	I 'm grateful for his attempt to divert everyone 's attention from me , but it doesn 't work .
te	O	When one of the front doors opened , the overhead light came on and Rio 's eyes narrowed .
te	I	I saw it and he locked eyes with me .
te	O	That 's what the therapists had told her to do as a child , and it had worked .
te	I	I 've never been happier , and I 'm head over heels for Elle Halliwell .
te	I	I let him know , and I disagreed with it .
te	I	She was completely stuffed , but she did want more , simply because it had been so good .
te	O	I wish I had her words right now , but I offer the only words I have : the truth .
te	I	He likes you , but he 'll do it because I 'm asking him to .
te	I	His golden hair fell over his eyebrows , windblown out of its usual disarray , and the Prince looked worried .
te	I	He tugged her off balance so that she fell against him and his fingers tangled with hers .
te	I	He spoke and his smile widened .
te	I	I think I might go to the museum , but I was going to go to the Botanical Gardens on the cable car .
te	I	I was happy to be gone , but part of me missed the island .
te	I	She carefully lowered her hand and Echo 's mouth went dry .
te	I	They were the only ones whose features were clear , and they were on a bed in a blurry room .
te	O	We went out to the Black house for New Year 's Eve and I got to see how much of a pyromaniac Owen really was .
te	O	It was a pretty house and the gardens were well tended .
te	I	I felt his body shuddering as he came close to climaxing and he held onto my legs .
te	I	I doubted that the hours before me would set any better and my legs were cramped from the previous flight .
te	O	She had guessed correctly that there would be little visible effect but it was hard to resist looking .
te	I	She just told me she 'd made a ton of copies , but I 'd threatened to revoke her key privileges .
te	O	She wasn 't overly knowledgeable about such things , but she was sure this couldn 't be normal .
te	O	I suspect my brothers were shocked I could manage all that , but I did .
te	I	Simone 's fingers lightly brushed the back of his neck , but Maddie couldn 't see it from her vantage .
te	O	It is all glass and the walls around the Jacuzzi are mirrored .
te	I	They played every week , and all three were very dedicated to their sport .
te	O	Just like the things we used to do when the Holey war would slow down for too long , and we needed to stir things up .
te	O	He rolls over and I am once again snuggled into his side .
te	O	It attracts , and I feed .
te	O	She hadn 't wanted to fight the Lord Ruler , but she had .
te	O	I put on one stupid frilly dress and suddenly you think I might care for you ?
te	I	I laughed and he swatted me on the backside .
te	O	Holiday frowned and it looked as if she was about to read Kylie the riot act .
te	O	It was odd to think of my teammate as a wild animal in this example , but that 's exactly what it reminded me of .
te	O	He hit the wall with a grunt , and flung out an arm to brace himself .
te	O	The apparatuses haven 't been cleaned , but the blood does not faze him .
te	I	Yet our eyes are firmly stitched to the floor , and so much around to distract .
te	O	Surviving the battle had been his dearest wish ; but instead of breathing glad relief , his soul gnawed at guilt .
te	O	Charles Babbage made several designs for this machine before he died , but it was never built .
te	O	He handed me the prize , but the real prize was he .
te	I	The terror is gone and it wasn 't like most nightmares , where you wake up safe in your room .
te	I	I know that even though she was dead she still protected me but I don 't know how I came back to life .
te	O	Deckard crossed the vacant street , and they descended on him .
te	O	From Carla 's apartment he went to Tom and Shelby 's .
te	O	Misha asked and I agreed .
te	I	None of them were going to come true within the next minute , but she wished for many , many things .
te	I	I 'm sure he 's tapped into my blood-thirsty thoughts , and March watches me thinking it over .
te	O	She usually do not drink alcohol , but in the summer , a sip of rum liked .
te	I	He swept her into his arms , and something that must have been triumph entered his eyes .
te	O	I knew she was consciously changing to a position of hurt indignation , but somehow I was helpless to resist the effect .
te	O	She couldn 't believe what she 'd done but more importantly , she had to get out of here .
te	I	It was probably because I was still so ruffled after seeing Ashton , but I hadn 't really noticed it immediately .
te	I	You can 't let it rule your lives , but it 's not something that will go away .
te	O	I wasn 't having an emotional breakdown and I wasn 't high off my ass .
te	O	I 've never run from a fight , but I 've been tempted .
te	I	It didn 't make catching a cab very easy , but she imagined that was why her parents chose the location .
te	I	Then I saw the handle turn , but I raised my fist to knock .
te	I	Nobody could 've painted it better , and the mural Ellery painted was perfect .
te	O	Beauchamp frowned at the parcel , but he took it , bemused .
te	O	She 'd paid seven hundred dollars for the Gucci bag and it served her well , connecting with a solid crunch against the shorter man 's head .
te	O	She just drank , and when she signaled for more crackers , he placed them against her lips .
te	I	It was coming from him , but the sound wasn 't coming from Jane .
te	I	He was too fast for her but she 'd once tried to throw a chair at Dad .
te	I	Rick buried his face in a towel , and it didn 't survive the translation .
te	I	Killing Nicky wouldn 't stop Jacob from making that fatal phone call , and they 'd taken my weapons .
te	O	Clark was the only one with freckles , and they still somehow looked good on him .
te	I	I knew it , and they were right .
te	O	He was yelling at me , screaming , but I barely heard him .
te	O	Forget six-pack , this man had eight , and they rippled with every breath he took .
te	I	That was certainly something , and yes , his older brother would at least listen without betraying him .
te	I	I say nothing hoping he 'll continue , but Stephan being forthcoming shocks me even further .
te	I	It 's too loud and I switch on the TV .
te	O	I said , and he hesitated .
te	O	One flick of the wrist , and she could slit his throat .
te	O	The throbbing erection between his legs brushed against the pulsing lips of my vagina , and a sharp moan bubbled up my throat .
te	O	I thought it best to get her into some kind of shelter but the nearest bank of trees was half a mile away at least .
te	O	He had kissed her , but it only happened that once .
te	I	I could see weapons suspended from their undercarriage and lots of solar-powered copters were in the air .
te	I	A dust cloud marks the approach of a car , and a low rumble in the distance , like thunder .
te	O	She had done what she needed to do then , and she did what she had to do now .
te	O	The covers are pulled tightly around her and she 's got a hospital gown on .
te	I	I hadn 't heard Bryce and ten minutes had gone by .
te	O	He couldn 't spill his guilt , and he couldn 't allow her into the carefully crafted façade he 'd erected after Annie 's death .
te	I	I did object to the venue , which was too darn public , but I didn 't object to the sensation , which was very pleasant .
te	O	The field was lit by torches on long poles rammed into the ground , and boulders still struck the dome protecting the city .
te	I	The look in her eyes was dead too , and she was the mate of the dead Miguel .
te	I	They both slid to a halt in front of the structure and Cindy slowed down so that Jimmy could keep up with her .
te	O	Ordinarily she would have stepped back from the gross man , but the thought of making money had distracted her mind completely .
te	O	She wanted to back off , to give herself room to breathe , but that would make her look weak .
te	O	It 's a local hour , but he says it needs more .
te	O	She knew that the sale was about to be finalized and she wanted to let Carlo know that something was going on that didn 't seem right .
te	I	They gathered in street parades , and many people missed work .
te	O	The doctor filled Jeff in on Sally 's condition , and their wedding plans .
te	O	Toast was not a common item on the gentry menu , but the servants here had gotten used to my human preferences .
te	I	She smiled and his lips brushed the top of her head .
te	O	Then she heard laughter coming from the classroom , and she was curious .
te	I	Matt looked as if he were fainting , and Elena was definitely going to know Matt anywhere .
te	O	Everyone thought we were together , but I still wasn 't sure .
te	I	They both began to feel better about their predicament and more time passed .
te	I	Gene was dead , and I heard gunshots .
te	O	A gown like that should have come to just below her knee , but this fell about three inches above her ankle .
te	I	She was suddenly far , far from human -- but all in a moment , she looked healthy .
te	O	My waist looked tiny in the black pants , and my new boots , well , they were sexy as hell .
te	I	Her face flushed and her frown deepened .
te	I	Nothing else came up , but she hit the space bar a few times .
te	I	They wanted their money , and the experiment had failed .
te	I	Clouds blotted out the moon entirely , and not a star dotted the sky .
te	I	It didn 't stop him from praying now , but Sam hadn 't spent much time in church .
te	I	I swear I will kill the person responsible for this and all of them were laughing at the scene .
te	I	Eventually a high voice came into existence , and the pings began meshing together .
te	O	Everyone there went out of his way to help us get settled in , and they were always dropping by ' just to visit ' .
te	I	Neither did he expect dreadful tranquility but he did not expect a panic .
te	O	We knew she was pregnant with Dennis 's baby and I felt responsible for that .
te	I	It seemed as sturdy as when we 'd first come up here , but Ajax took a few steps out onto the bridge , testing it .
te	I	His voice was drowned by the loud tapping of fast heels , running toward me , but Scar yelled something .
te	O	Dina doesn 't have the hetero skill set , and Constance can 't pass as a pleasure droid .
te	I	With it came hope , and the first flower opened on the plain .
te	I	The stress of the day leaked into my voice and I had one more burning question that I had to ask right now .
te	O	I own a business and I have responsibilities .
te	O	She was left alone with Claudia and she 's been spoilt ever since .
te	I	He would not bargain with you and books were always from Russian publishers .
te	I	Yet , I was here , and none of it seemed possible .
te	I	A wrenching cry came from deep within my shattered soul , and I fought him one last time .
te	I	I wrinkled my nose , and he shuffled past me to dump his bag on a desk .
te	O	I didn 't want to put my friends through the torture of thinking that I was dead , but I couldn 't leave my hiding place either .
te	O	I felt my stomach roil in protest , and a headache pounded at my skull relentlessly .
te	I	The big robot agrees with me , but he enlists Starbucks in the cause .
te	O	I 've never heard of anybody being able to do that , but then I 've never heard of anyone wanting to , either .
te	O	I try to tease but it comes out flat .
te	O	They 'd closed the bridges once the wind topped fifty miles an hour , and we were stuck .
te	I	She whirled around and Ellie jumped with a sharp intake of breath .
te	I	He held them both out to me , and another piece of paper appeared in his other hand .
te	O	Melinda stood to the side , like her usual cold fish self , but Warren was uncharacteristically warm .
te	O	I 'm making too much noise , but I don 't give a shit .
te	O	Dave was five years older than Blake , and at thirty-four , Blake still couldn 't imagine being too tired for sex .
te	I	Christian 's too cocky for his own good , and Nick gave me no choice growing up .
te	I	I wasn 't sure what , but I knew something was wrong .
te	I	I fought the urge to lean closer , and his warmth was delicious .
te	I	I broke the rules to do it , but I got what I wanted out of this plan .
te	I	She pulled out her phone , and her heart ached for home .
te	O	His head snaps in my direction and the fire in his eyes makes me recoil .
te	O	My head rests against his chest and I listen to his heartbeat .
te	I	Maybe Charlotte would offer something of interest to pass the time today , and she was about ready for some lunch .
te	O	Billy 's head was wrapped with a bandage , but he seemed okay otherwise .
te	O	He turned his head as the carriage rolled by as if he could see it , and she caught the gleam of his eyes .
te	I	I cringed and the image replayed in slow motion in my mind .
te	I	Credit is increased , and Land values plummet .
te	O	I finally heard one roar , and then I heard you scream .
te	O	Descending five steps , she stops , and I can see her legs now .
te	O	Violet rode the rest of the journey to Butte in silence , and her sisters obliged her .
te	I	The damn thing trembled anyway but I bit my bottom lip .
te	I	He retrieved these as well and some of her other photos had fallen out .
te	O	Something had seemed to break in her , and she 'd been aiming - At me .
te	I	A jolt of electricity sizzled through her body , and his mouth found the corner of hers .
te	I	He had no hand in the final resolution , but he saw the destruction of good people day after day after day .
te	I	I could never forget them but Fate lead us on separate paths .
te	I	He spent most evenings turning over them pages just the same , but Arnie was sure his Pa couldn 't read .
te	O	If this were a movie , everyone would have been in the airlock and there would have been high-fives all around .
te	I	I figured I 'd leave him be , but I knew where he lived , in the basement of Mrs. Harris ' house .
te	I	The smile did not reach his eyes , but he grinned at me .
te	I	She realized how perfect his teeth were and Cooper smiled .
te	O	He cackled , and his eyes measured the gunslinger coldly .
te	O	She was playing with fire , and she knew it .
te	I	Here they are , yet I would have named an attack of this scale impossible !
te	O	She can call until the end of eternity and I won 't call her back .
te	I	He grabbed me and I turned to go back .
te	O	Only two weeks had passed , but his hair had already fallen out .
te	I	I sure as hel didn 't know what provoked the words coming out of his mouth next , and Aiden 's expression was unreadable .
te	I	I could feel it , but I couldn 't rationalize it in my head .
te	O	I tossed my bag onto the cot and she grabbed my hand once more .
te	I	He slowly reached for the communication device on his shoulder , and his Adam 's apple bobbed .
te	I	I shut the door behind her and she exclaimed as she came inside .
te	I	I watched them all that day and the library had three of his films in their collection .
te	O	I immediately feel guilty , but I don 't apologize .
te	O	He wanted to comfort her , but he was still afraid to move .
te	O	He paused , checking the coordinates of Tolland 's ship , and then looked over his shoulder in surprise .
te	I	She still looked like she had a lot of questions , but it was starting to make a little bit of sense to Amy .
te	I	I could never really let go of him either , but as I watched him walk away , I hated to admit it to myself .
te	O	A phone rang , and they both glanced down at their belts .
te	I	We started forward and she started the engine .
te	O	When Mack eventually came down the stairs , Tom was on his third whisky and the pizza was cold .
te	I	She let out a breath she hadn 't realized she was holding and his name was the top of her address book .
te	I	He may be determined to fix himself in the memories of as many people as possible , or he may be stubborn .
te	O	It had ended hours ago , and he had been fighting sleep ever since .
te	O	He doesn 't pull me forward , but he doesn 't push me back .
te	I	I hyperventilate just like she did , feeling trapped inside , but I know it 's coming .
te	I	The times they had spent together had always been after he 'd given himself over to a substantial buzz , but he tried .
te	O	I see the clerk 's eyes widen , but Ryan simply smiles .
te	I	I drew short straw , but none of tonight 's duty pilots wanted this gig because everyone wanted to keep watching television .
te	O	They would want to know how to protect their regions , how to protect our people and I wasn 't sure what to tell them .
te	O	Several pairs of woolen stockings covered his feet , and his cane rested on the ground beside him .
te	I	He had charmed my mother , but God knows how .
te	O	He needed me to stay , but I couldn 't live like this anymore .
te	O	I heard her last strangled gasps as I stood there in the doorway and he sat there looking bored .
te	O	Her eyes went back to the screen and she began to look over the column .
te	I	They made suggestions , which were more like expectations , but the Elders didn 't control who they were mated with .
te	I	I knew this was going to be bad news and Rhea called me over to her .
te	I	Every hour she felt a little more at home , and she 'd only lived with her aunt for four days .
te	O	We 'd grown really close over the years , and I considered her one of my closest friends .
te	I	He turned away , and his breaths choked .
te	I	He took a minute to center himself and controlling his anger at his father wasn 't easy .
te	I	John got its attention , but the giant 's body was hard as rock .
te	I	At least I felt rested , but sleeping in didn 't help .
te	O	He turned , scanning the area , and then he saw the infrared images of men he knew weren 't his moving stealthily through the trees .
te	I	Bex appeared in the window , barely making an effort as he pul ed himself through , and I took a step back .
te	I	It was full of livestock , and a large barn was one of the only permanent structures on the compound .
te	O	The door opens , but I 'm off to the side so she can 't see me .
te	I	That 's all they found , but a couple of worlds had found bones inside nests .
te	O	I love this house and I love the beach .
te	O	Kevin 's smile never faltered , but his French response was cold .
te	I	Her gaze remained resolutely on the box but the child broke out in a sweat .
te	O	Even though he was hurt , he was still her father , and he always seemed to have the answers .
te	O	When I was younger , my mom used to lie in bed with me and we 'd make up stories .
te	O	Of course , there are humans in this school , but they 're oblivious to what we are .
te	I	Without gunpowder , they were useless , but the guns were good .
te	O	She 's giving me a particularly meaningful look , but I can 't figure out what she wants .
te	O	Beth had never liked the Bishop and I 'm sure with good reason .
te	I	It was working and he 'd been courting her .
te	I	When they arrived , laid a bouquet beside each stone and Jenny picked wild flowers during the stroll .
te	O	My leg brushed it again , and the arm convulsed .
te	O	The wound is long since healed , and I am glad for the umpteenth time that I carved that tracker out of me .
te	O	I knew people did it , but I wasn 't sure why .
te	I	It felt like a year but it had been just a little over twenty-four hours since he 'd last seen Golden .
te	I	The discussion continued , and the delegates returned .
te	I	He assumed he was all she had but Lilly hadn 't officially hired him .
te	O	I 'm staying and that 's that .
te	O	You start with an idea , all right , but what you end up with may not even remotely resemble the original idea .
te	O	Tears fall from his eyes and he brushes them quickly away .
te	I	The only thing he 'd managed to develop was one hell of a hangover , and obviously it hadn 't worked .
te	I	Soon she would be with him in body , and she was with him in spirit now .
te	I	I felt pretty confident that both were taken in completely different countries but I had no proof .
te	I	They shook and Zach took the big man 's hand .
te	I	It would only rule her if she let it , but her past was a part of her .
te	O	Afterward talk turned to the season , but the upperclassmen seemed as happy to talk about the Ravens as Neil was to think about them .
te	I	Knowing I 'll probably never get another chance like this but I swallow , afraid to ask the question .
te	O	Its tufts went straight up and it fluffed out its feathers , squatting down closer to the bough .
te	O	Zane glanced upward , and Vin nodded .
te	O	Frances noticed his voice was tinged with anger , and she cast him a quick , sidelong glance .
te	I	It would begin to build into something much funnier and she also would tweak the reality .
te	O	She smiles at me , but the smile doesn 't travel to her eyes , which still look tired .
te	O	I squeezed my legs together , and his eyes blazed into mine .
te	I	He knew it , and McCoy was beaten .
te	O	He 's trying to tease as he sets the bowls on the counter , but his hands shake as he does it .
te	I	It was just the way he said it , but he hadn 't said anything inappropriate .
te	O	Flesh hung off their bodies , and their eyes were empty holes .
te	O	The collar of the blouse was tied in a bow , and a matching beige purse hung from the mannequin 's arm .
te	I	I should have known why and he didn 't look happy .
te	I	I had kept my eye on him and he had stood unmoving the entire time .
te	I	My body was sizzling from how close he was , he had to feel it too and I felt his warm breath on my neck .
te	O	All these railroad towns had his picture up on every corner , but he still thought he could go unnoticed for a few hours .
te	O	Blades of grass on the ground sprang up toward it , and Mike felt like he was being tugged in its direction .
te	O	My head feels muddled , probably from exhaustion , but the adrenaline keeps me running .
te	O	I glared at my mother and she started laughing harder .
te	I	Then I was out of there , and I had to get my things .
te	I	My breathing still isn 't normal , and my heartbeat 's flooding my ears .
te	O	I believe he is directly under your care in the intensive care unit and I have been communicating with Dr. Mitchell since he was brought into Memorial .
te	O	Well , the two guys did , and the fair-haired woman just stared at me .
te	O	Her gaze drifted over me and she paled .
te	I	The dragon was out of the forest , its entire mass in the open and she was in the middle of the clearing now .
te	I	We 're not doing anything to get him back , and he needs us .
te	O	The Beatles were all the rage , and women entered the workforce in droves .
te	I	When neither spoke , he went on , but he waited .
te	I	I linked my elbow with James 's , and Lux glared at him .
te	O	Soon the Change will happen , and the only thing that will matter will be whose side you were on .
te	O	Her lips were pliable , a gentle nudge , and they opened for his tongue to explore .
te	O	You love me and I love you .
te	O	That was his assessment and Adam would gladly take it .
te	O	I tried to warn him again to use caution with his magic , but it wasn 't easy .
te	O	The crack in the glass shifted her reflection in two , but it was the only reason Lindsey had left it behind .
te	I	I softened my voice , and mom bit her lip , looking like she might cry .
te	O	I wish I could claim it was in homage but the truth is that the snake had been right .
te	I	I have a feeling he would be perfect , but I know he doesn 't want Gage anywhere near our team .
te	O	The door opened , and Edgar didn 't bother turning .
te	I	I have to ask , but I 'm sorry I upset you , Tammie .
te	I	He was dealing with it way too often lately and he hated this feeling of being in the dark .
te	O	The hum became slightly louder , and they saw a large , airborne object come towards them from the distance , from the city .
te	I	I hated myself for putting her in this difficult position and Natalie was the only family I had .
te	I	When she smiled , everything inside him tightened and his gaze locked on her .
te	O	He may have tricked you , but he can 't make you do anything you don 't want to with the crown .
te	I	His eyelids fluttered , and his breathing became loud , forced .
te	O	I thought he was asleep but when I shifted , he looked at me .
te	I	He seemed to accept that this was David 's duty , but maybe Arthur understood , too .
te	O	I 'm not in the future now , but I will be .
te	O	It was hard to tell , and he was no judge of weapons like Kate was .
te	O	Sure , she was still married , but in her situation , it was never about her being a cheater .
te	I	The blue lights were whirling , and it had a removable siren on the front .
te	O	It was a peaceful residential area , filled with those same distinctive houses , but nothing that quite matched the one I 'd seen in my vision .
te	O	The shell had been thoroughly cleaned out and I couldn 't smell anything fishy .
te	I	She 's starting her family and she 's five years younger .
te	O	The compounds are straight ahead , and Kenji pulls us forward until we 're standing flush against the back wall of a unit .
te	O	Sam 's apartment had become uncomfortably stuffy , and I needed fresh air .
te	I	Domino 's there and I had the alarm on .
te	O	Dean 's eyes started to roll back in his head , but Chase wouldn 't let him pass out , shaking him until he groaned again .
te	O	The man opened his mouth and a stream of blood came flying out , splattering the floor in front of her .
te	O	When they were growing up Margie was her idol and she did everything Margie asked , without question .
te	I	If it adds nothing , then it should not be made ; and if love is the whole thing , then the promise can add nothing .
te	O	My leg burst into searing pain , and I dropped my drink on the ground .
te	O	Max was the better target and she wasn 't with him .
te	I	A bad roomie just might , but loneliness wouldn 't kill her .
te	O	I was and I am .
te	I	They need help and your people do it as well when someone is not right .
te	O	I asked , and she giggled .
te	I	Neither did she remember seeing the servant in the last week but Eleanor didn 't remember anybody commenting on the absence of Gladys .
te	O	She visualized his full lips , and she puckered up her lips .
te	O	His shirt once again covered his magnificent chest , and that was , perhaps , the greatest tragedy right now .
te	I	We toppled to the ground , and Calliope must have realized the same thing , because with a surge of power , she shoved me .
te	I	I don 't want to harm anyone and I never meant to cause you concern .
te	I	They would have lived happily ever after , and her love would have saved him .
te	O	said Alice excitedly , and Pandora said yes .
te	I	I struggled to remember what he asked me , and I realized I hadn 't answered his question .
te	I	I didn 't correct him , but I think he meant photosynthesis .
te	O	She is overdoing it , overacting like high school Shakespeare , but she will pass .
te	O	I heard him gasp , and I opened my eyes .
te	O	I wanted to step toward him , but something held me .
te	O	My legs are still on his shoulders , and I can feel a good stretch in my hamstrings in this position .
te	I	The teacher closes class , and a couple more solos .
te	I	He wasn 't disappointed when they all scowled at him , and he hadn 't been expecting a warm welcome from her brothers .
te	O	His tone was friendly enough , but his demeanor wasn 't .
te	O	It was crass , and I had hated him since then .
te	I	The scenery unchanging and the trees were endless .
te	I	I needed to find out what it was and as far as I was concerned , he had a motive .
te	I	He knew he wasn 't pulling it off , but he held his hands up like he was surrendering , trying to look nonthreatening .
te	I	Something felt very wrong , but it was still dark .
te	I	She seemed to try to press it down but a look of desire flitted across her features .
te	O	Like I 've known her forever and yet we 've barely just met .
te	I	I can 't go to a therapist , and this is why I need help .
te	O	It would be Saturday , market day , and the roads would be busier than usual , providing more of a crowd into which they might blend .
te	I	It wasn 't hard to see that my father half agreed with them and there were several calls of ' hear , hear ' .
te	I	Those terrible men would have her , or if he hadn 't come when he did , Solange would be dead .
te	O	He was a big guy actually but it would show how much of a coward I was if I did nothing so I had to act .
te	O	He wanted to pull them out , to free his brother this death , but he couldn 't .
te	I	He sets me on the passenger 's seat and I nuzzle into his jacket for warmth .
te	O	Blood caked his entire face , but his gaze was unwavering .
te	I	Then she could see a couple waving at Paul , who responded back with equal zest and every now .
te	O	His hand stilled between my shoulder blades , and confusion radiated from him .
te	O	Tate might be a pain in Jason 's ass , but he liked him .
te	O	Plastic water bottles stood on a table but there were no visible signs of the rumored peyote .
te	I	His fingers came away wet and he reached forward to brush her soft cheek .
te	I	When the four of them sat in the hall together , none could stand before them without trembling , but it was a rare occurrence .
te	O	Then the physicians reached the pair , and they seemed greatly concerned .
te	I	I jerk away and her words shock me .
te	O	I intended to speak to Dee at some point about our ' relationship ' but I hadn 't found the right time yet .
te	I	They 're also not stupid , but they 're connected by hoses .
te	O	His Cars alarm clock wasn 't working and the screen on the computer was black .
te	O	He certainly wasn 't lacking in material , but for some reason , every attempt to write something new was met with a mental brick wall .
te	I	I blushed , remembering and John smiled .
te	O	It was just the slightest raising of the eyebrows , and the corner of her mouth turned up a little .
te	I	He refused his hand , but Darrin tried to help the evil doctor up .
te	I	He was completely on to her machinations , and Hope was managing him .
te	O	We appeared back in the kitchen , and Liana gave me a pleading look .
te	O	I pressed against him , and this time he didn 't resist .
te	O	He smiled , but this time it wasn 't enough to settle her nerves .
te	I	He didn 't want it and she couldn 't have it .
te	I	He owed it to her , and she 'd saved Miranda 's life .
te	O	The flickering flame was barely noticeable in the vast darkness , but it provided just enough of a glow for the female to see Gaius 's approach .
te	O	I cast a quick glare at him , but my gaze invariably returned to the blood .
te	I	We both plopped onto the sofa and we got home around ten .
te	I	It was impossible with him around but she was used to being the first one to work .
te	O	Trenton looked around the floor at all the fruit , and then he sighed , looking up at me .
te	I	Then eventually had to turn away entirely , and sidious shielded his eyes .
te	O	They were interspersed with other things Beth couldn 't identify , but dominos were prevalent .
te	I	Something made me hesitate , but I started to pull myself up a few feet higher so I could peer over one of the windowsills .
te	I	It will all change once night arrives , but the air is deadly silent .
te	O	That is a bonus for sure , but it 's all a bit weird .
te	I	The smell of the sea beyond filled his nostrils , but to his left , large cargo ships blocked the view of the ocean .
te	O	The bugs were in full force here , and I cursed them with every second step .
te	O	A relationship either satisfied him on enough levels to be happily viable or it didn 't - a matter of completely rational judgement .
te	O	She must still be in some pain , but she hadn 't made a single complaint .
te	O	He looked at her and she looked at him .
te	O	I know you 've been up since early morning , and you 've done so much for me already today .
te	O	She 'd even left her jacket behind , but I grabbed it .
te	O	This is sheer cunning , and they have such numbers .
te	I	One look at his face told her he would not help her , but she looked at Battista , an appeal for help rising in her throat .
te	I	I wasn 't about to forgive him because of that , but he sounded hurt .
te	I	I heard her voice , but Ula was no longer there .
te	I	I can 't really find anyone who likes him and this is his second year at the school .
te	I	Rick grabbed her left arm , his fingers pressing white half moons into her skin , but Esther went to get back in the cab .
te	O	He flung his sword behind him , and one of the rats cried out .
te	I	Gently , as if he 'd somehow realized by the way she moved that she wasn 't quite up to speed , but he lipped her hair .
te	I	I knew we were no longer in the Fordham house , and the bedding beneath me was a deep shade of burgundy .
te	O	Today has been long and I 'm ready for it to end .
te	I	It 's not my body going through this , alright , and I 'm having problems handling things ?
te	I	There I met a Fate and Lizzi a girl here took me to an oracle .
te	O	He groaned , and I felt him thrusting himself forward as if he were fucking my mouth .
te	O	I didn 't know what to think about all of it , but there was one thing I did know .
te	I	You don 't want me to , and I don 't want to sing .
te	O	The foul weather triggered by that eclipse had been very unusual elsewhere , but it 's always raining in Riva .
te	I	He had a sudden vision of her with their children , and she was instantly protective of him , a young tigress .
te	O	We all looked back up to the remaining rings in the orbit of the rock , and once again , a ring broke off .
te	I	He ignored her , but Katherine swiveled her head toward him , nudging his shoulder with her snout .
te	I	She moved her mouth , looking rather like a fish , and words failed Theodosia for a moment .
te	O	He smiled , and his lips held an edge of that glow .
te	O	Edward cradled me tightly against his chest , and then we were also hurtling through the shadowy forest , taking a different path than the wolf .
te	I	Then the buzzer sounded , and there was a pause .
te	O	It was late spring now and we entered the gun shop to see what pickings they had in the glass case .
te	O	He 'd also never mentioned McKenna until now , and her heart raced at the pace of fear .
te	I	Perhaps that could work for me , and Ruling wasn 't in her blood .
te	O	Claire knew she sounded defensive , but she couldn 't help it .
te	I	The creature decided not to argue and his expression was furious .
te	I	He hungers to reprise that kiss and I 've impressed myself on him .
te	O	They stopped moving , but Declan continued to hold her firmly .
te	O	She kissed me back and I licked her lips .
te	O	The pain in her arm had intensified , leaving her a little nauseous , and eating with her left hand took longer .
te	I	Their similarities were what brought them together , but their differences complemented each other .
te	O	For a second I think about my friends here at Frostburg , but quickly let it go .
te	O	The earphones weren 't on Aunt Vicky 's seat , but her purse was .
te	O	She swiped Pepper 's blade at me , and I jumped back , tripping .
te	O	They produced no heat , but I knew they 'd burn the skin from my bones if I touched them .
te	O	He tilted my chin up ever so slightly and I looked into his eyes , as wet with tears as my own .
te	O	War is a costly , costly thing , and I 'm not just taking about casualties .
te	I	I just never knew it , and I guess it always had .
te	I	He felt too weak , but Frank wouldn 't willingly admit it .
te	O	I 'm a patriot , Oliver , and I 'm not ashamed of it .
te	I	They kept their eyes downcast , and each wore a blue cap , hair loose out the back .
te	I	For the sake of Danny the friendship remained then eventually flourished but the union ended quickly .
te	O	Catherine had seen everything along with Michael , and a great sadness spread across her face .
te	I	Silence fell , and whoever was calling hung up .
te	O	The evening gray vanished away in a moment and they stood in an orange circle with the horrible silhouettes of goblin warriors dancing upon the mountain walls .
te	I	His belly tightened and an unfamiliar growl rumbled .
te	I	They both watched the tree wobble , and putting both hands on the trunk , she pushed a little .
te	O	The desk was huge , and the surface nearly unoccupied .
te	O	I went on to clarify and she smiled .
te	O	I wait , but he doesn 't expand .
te	O	The bell chimed and because it was Friday , I half feared it might be Brad .
te	O	She doubted he intended to be intimidating , but the other guy took a step back .
te	O	Anyway , Caleb went on smoothly , we talked , and we 're not gon na help you use us .
te	O	I 've become a huge target with them lately and fighting the insanity by myself , well , it 's getting harder .
te	I	His words filled the hall , but he spoke quietly , as was his wont .
te	I	I swear I just gave him a time machine that lets him see straight into my past and there 's a pause .
te	O	JT is still acting weird , but I don 't know why .
te	I	For him to come back out alive was nonsense , but he knew his mark would be a good one .
te	O	After we pass the entrance , I dig in my heels and we stop .
te	I	I have yet to replace her and she died a month ago .
te	O	Our eyes are designed to see what we call visible light but it is only visible because our receptors are tuned to it .
te	O	The man had seen her naked , and she 'd worn his clothing .
te	I	I 'm crying , looking for James to fix this , and he punches his fist hard on the steering wheel .
te	O	Her hands were shaking , and the gorgeous man staring at her wasn 't helping at all .
te	I	She didn 't care , but there was light now .
te	O	He yells out in pain and the sound carries for miles .
te	O	She was wearing the remnants of a summer dress , but it was just so many rags against her pale skin .
te	O	Deckard had no idea where to go and he had none of his usual equipment .
te	I	The land , around it , filled with activity and the mighty beacon began to flash once more .
te	O	There was a long pause and Zoe reflected .
te	O	My feet hit the uneven boards of a dock , but the vampire had disappeared .
te	I	He was just staring at the drugs on the table , but I looked to Ty to roll my eyes .
te	O	She could obey , or she could die .
te	I	A door creaked somewhere in the house , but she opened her mouth .
te	I	I don 't , but James nods slowly , like I might say something else .
te	I	Knowing she had to eat something but with a sigh , she looked down at her meal , not really hungry .
te	I	You get a faraway look in your eyes , like you 're seeing him in your mind and your face lights up .
te	I	He knows why I kept it , and he knows this was Locke 's .
te	I	I believed him , and he 'd said he could wait .
te	I	He was fully aware of that and the potential of winning a half million dollars made him a lot more attractive in the eyes of some .
te	O	His eyes look decidedly glossy , and a tangled network of crimson wires spread over them thick as spider webs .
te	I	Here he was , warming me again , but it had been a while since I 'd thought of Jake that way .
te	O	My heart was made of glass and it was shattering .
te	I	Completely ignoring the elevators , Tim turned to the left where he knew the hallway would lead to the staircase and they saw nothing .
te	O	Ethan barely believed it , and he was living it .
te	O	The dressers had been rearranged , though the difference was subtle and some people disagreed that they 'd been moved at all .
te	I	Yet he understood it somehow , and the thick , monster voice wasn 't speaking English .
te	I	He was still a long way from home , but suddenly he realised how tired he was .
te	O	I rolled my eyes , but I was grinning now .
te	O	We hadn 't had a girls ' night out since I left the hospital , and one was long overdue .
te	O	I am with you now , and I will always be .
te	I	I reluctantly took her in my arms and Phelps held her out .
te	I	The other one was down , but one elk could be seen running into the trees .
te	I	The noises that worried Levi weren 't coming from that direction , but he whined occasionally .
te	I	She didn 't have the first clue as to what , but Chain was up to something .
te	O	It was weird , but by the end of the night , I think it helped our friendship .
te	O	I figure you have your own problems , and it seems the vampires have some power over you , too .
te	O	Unbalanced , he 'd fallen , and lain dejected on the ground .
te	I	The plot really wasn 't up to par , and it was riddled with typos , grammatical errors .
te	I	Selena felt pressure on her body from all sides and the ship accelerated .
te	I	She tilted her head back , her temple touching his , and his hand paused in her hair .
te	O	Power had been cut , as at the main house , but this building was equipped with a backup generator .
te	I	Her sister spoke every day and he hadn 't realized Lori .
te	O	She has a kind smile that makes me feel better somehow , and her eyes squint in a way that is adorable .
te	I	I was close to where I was meant to be , but I was not quite there .
te	I	It bubbled back up , but I pushed it down .
te	I	She still wasn 't sure how to do that , and if that happened she would have to explain her presence .
te	I	The truth was , I was on the fence , but I didn 't want to believe it .
te	I	You could stay with me until the dorm opens in June , but her place is full .
te	I	She wasn 't about to welsh on it and that was the deal .
te	I	I made myself stay on my feet , but my knees felt watery .
te	I	I can 't read them from here , but there are letters tattooed on his knuckles .
te	O	He 'd been troubled for this past year over the injustice of such a thing , but he knew he couldn 't change anything .
te	O	Osh could still see the look in his eyes but it was a different look , sadness .
te	I	Roberto gasped softly and Blood streamed from her shoulder .
te	O	I 'd had about six cups by that point , and it was hard to sit still in my chair .
te	O	Leopards are one of the smallest wildcats , even among Shifters , but they 're the most dominant .
te	I	I was too relaxed to care , but sure , I saw it coming .
te	I	There was no movement until just after dawn when a truck came down the road and it was quiet .
te	I	Curiosity tempted her all the same , but Medusa was not sure the eclipse would occur now that the gods had abandoned this place .
te	I	My thighs clenched in lust , and his hot breath tickled my neck .
te	I	I really had no idea that caffeine was a laxative as well as a stimulant , and I drank four cans of Coke in an hour .
te	I	She wore at least one ring on every finger and her fingernails had small palm trees painted on them .
te	I	Evan eased away just long enough to get a blanket , and I shivered .
te	I	Not the way you deserve to be , and not the way I am with Adonis .
te	O	Samson had helped push Chase into Sloane 's arms , offering proclamations of forever , but Chase needed to come on his own , without being prompted .
te	I	I will not let him snatch you away , and I will stay beside you until our wedding .
te	I	The other standard identifiers are inconclusive and the usual narcotics tests are negative .
te	I	Owen swept her off her feet and she was a young , naive country girl .
te	O	Franz sighed , pretending to be disappointed , but in reality he was relieved .
te	I	I burst into laughter and he tickled my sides .
te	I	Ours were dearer to us , but their losses were greater in number .
te	I	She tipped her face up toward his , and her eyelids fell closed .
te	O	He was almost penniless , and unless he returned to the UK he would never see any of the money that had been taken from him .
te	I	There was no lock , so she would have to take her valuables with her , but the inside latch on the door looked sturdy enough .
te	I	We pulled together as a family , but hell , there were rough months .
te	I	This had not been verified , but he claimed he once pitched in Alaska during the war .
te	O	She had been his sister in 1944 , and that might have confused him .
te	O	It was a nosy question , but I was used to it .
te	O	We were near a park and people were watching .
te	I	Grace stood still , vibrating with tension as if unsure what to do next , and Paul released her .
te	O	A miracle , indeed , she mused , and his name was Derek .
te	O	At first she didn 't reveal their names , but if Alix had forgotten , Jacqueline hadn 't .
te	I	I decided to enjoy an evening with our friend Karen and hopefully it 'll just look like Diane .
te	I	Instinctively , my mouth opened to stop them , and my stomach dropped .
te	O	Lizzy gasped , and Tara walked to her son .
te	I	I closed my fists around the velvety strands , and it was silky-smooth .
te	O	He latches on like a leech and I 'm dragging him behind me .
te	O	Allie quickly finished my splint , and a new plan was devised .
te	I	The environment seemed lifeless and the line was quiet .
te	O	the voice replied , and the two men scrambled down the steps as fast as they could .
te	O	My father backhands me hard , hard enough that I go flying into the frozen sand and I taste blood .
te	O	From the look in her eyes I know she 's telling the truth , and I 'm relieved .
te	O	He can walk just fine , and more exercise won 't hurt .
te	I	After the bustle of the busy autumn season , it was almost eerie to see it deserted , and we had entered the empty nursery parking lot .
te	O	She lifted her head , and the smile on her lips made my heart clench .
te	O	Daemon cursed again and I moved , blocking him .
te	I	Courtney felt fine about that , and he 'd rented out the house in Chicago for a second year .
te	O	His hand reached out and she took it , guiding him to the pillar .
te	O	Then a wall exploded outward , and the Queen smashed her way into the cottage next door .
te	O	The chemical mess was nothing short of a disaster , and the cemetery would have much explaining to do .
te	O	He stared down at her gorgeous tits , and the sight awakened a hunger inside him .
te	I	I was - or I wondered how many more scars I would get before Loki was dead .
te	O	Sometimes they have substance and sometimes they don 't .
te	I	It was no reason for him to shut me out , but I got that he was in shock over his diagnosis .
te	I	I cut him off but Malcolm started to talk .
te	I	Her expression wasn 't quite all the way there , but her words made it sound like she was joking .
te	I	I purposely left off two , but you have checked them all out .
te	O	He missed our wedding , and your family ignores the topic completely .
te	O	She had more challenges to face when she got home to Kansas City , but now , it was just another family reunion .
te	O	She blew out the seven candles on her cake , and then Dottie served cake while Paul ladled punch .
te	O	I blink a few times and the light begins to dim .
te	O	The young man had thankfully escaped , but to what I 'd never know .
te	O	I 'm not sure exactly , but we need you to come pick us up .
te	I	She expected none , and oh , there were no words of love from him .
te	O	He feels like Paul , but I cannot scan many of the people here as easily as most others .
te	O	He wasn 't looking at her , but thumbing the tines of his fork .
te	I	Red tinged his vision , and the scent of iron filled Sebastian 's nose .
te	I	I dropped the lamp with another ungodly clatter , and the force was strong enough to make me yelp .
te	O	Vinny located an upscale Ramada and they checked into a suite .
te	I	Now his palms are on my ass and he puts them too low .
te	I	He stood by me when I faced up to what I did but I have also broken God 's rules from time to time .
te	O	I did a write up of it anyway , and the boss liked it .
te	I	He clenched his fists to hold in a burgeoning anger and a cold sliver slid into his heart .
te	I	It bounced off his chest before rolling down the slope and Poseidon threw the rock at him .
te	O	Jared reached for the files , but Myles said to leave them .
te	O	He was no doctor , but he knew that wasn 't good for her .
te	O	I think I can sense hesitation in him too , but that could just be a lot of wishful thinking .
te	I	He pulled me into his arms and his hands reached out for my shoulders .
te	I	I 'd die if he stopped - and he was too hot , too big , too rough .
te	O	It was a small one , and I didn 't smile back .
te	I	There was no answer through our connection , but I asked .
te	I	She does too now , though she used to be his editor and he writes romances .
te	I	Karman put his hand on his wrist but John started to get up as well .
te	I	All traces of unsteadiness gone , and that mischievous grin was spread across his face again .
te	O	The little diner was fairly empty and the food was average .
te	O	He 'd seen Kelly earlier , and she looked as if she could have her baby any day now .
te	O	* * * * In gym , basketball is the name of the lesson and Steve gets to see Jerry Miller in action for the first time .
te	O	My boobs were finally a solid B cup , but the rest of me still looked too boyish .
te	O	My hand dropped to my side and I cut him a look .
te	O	She could have avoided it , but she didn 't .
te	O	She smiled , and it echoed another person that I had known years before .
te	O	I felt hurt by their implicit denial , but I could also understand my own oddity .
te	I	That didn 't mean there wasn 't one , but he didn 't see any knives on Ava .
te	I	The hatch opens , releasing the ladder for us to climb in and the hovercraft lowers over us .
te	I	An alarm rang somewhere in the back of her mind , and for the first time she saw the depth of his concern .
te	I	You 'll get the same story and you can ask anyone in here .
te	I	She made it her mission to destroy me after I kicked her ass in archery , and Stella was very convincing .
te	I	At least it didn 't smell like death , but the perfume was strong enough to knock out Cerberus .
te	O	He picks up the pace and I thrust my h * ps up to meet him as we both drive each other over the edge again .
te	O	My fear may have eased , but my confusion was at an all-time high .
te	I	All their arguments reached a deadlock and they could find no points of contact .
te	I	It was still locked , but he tried the knob .
te	I	We 're back to the starting line , and it falls apart if we can 't reach them .
te	O	He stepped toward the door and she desperately tried to think of something to keep him there , with her .
te	I	I could afford it and it was empty .
te	I	Let 's gets through the next couple of years , but that actually sounds like a good idea .
te	O	Her touch was cold and she smelled of vampire .
te	O	He was probably starting to wonder why she wouldn 't even answer emails , but she didn 't care .
te	O	I 've tried treating you all like kids , and it doesn 't work .
te	O	All three of them turn to look at me , and I realize that I must have made a sappy sound .
te	O	I opened the hidden metal hatch , a hump in the ground , and I jumped down inside without thinking .
te	O	Maybe it was a taxi and I could hitch a ride .
te	O	We 're stronger all the time and the dancing is better than ever .
te	I	His words were the ones that seemed to be coming true , but Pa said my birth ma was a seer .
te	I	My chest aches and my eyes burn .
te	O	I couldn 't hold in the whimper , and I felt like I was going to fall apart from his words alone .
te	O	She was appreciative of Morgan trying to entertain Skyler , but she knew her nervous friend wouldn 't settle easily .
te	O	The room seemed particularly gloomy , and it matched her mood perfectly .
te	I	It was still Trey 's face that greeted me when I inserted it into the computer , and it was still there when I returned .
te	I	I decided to take it public , and the company did well .
te	O	He was cunning , and he was smart .
te	O	They hadn 't even discovered fire yet , and their most sophisticated weapon was the club .
te	O	He tried to figure out what they meant , but he couldn 't decipher it .
te	O	JD stalked toward her , and Nick put a hand out to keep him from getting close enough for her to hurt him .
te	O	Her tummy clenched and she almost heaved .
te	I	His mouth dropped and he turned around .
te	I	I can 't think clearly and my brain begins to malfunction .
te	O	His eyes were fixed at mine and they 're a shade darker than usual .
te	I	Aran was quite sure that he understood what Vanya was and as the time passed , his feelings came more into focus .
te	I	The perimeter was secured and the police had already searched it .
te	I	Gayle was standing so close to Hanna that their h * ps touched , and her dad was still chatting on his cell phone .
te	O	Isaiah stands off to the side and I drive home without looking back .
te	I	He reclaimed the step she 'd taken back , and he kept his hands molded to her behind .
te	I	That afternoon I was on a plane to New York , to see Ben , and I said goodbye to my fellow fliers .
te	I	I said I never had to give it much thought , and we were talking about what I wanted out of life .
te	I	She would , but she hadn 't completely gotten over the heartbreak .
te	O	Hunter was obviously annoyed and Janet knew it .
te	I	I can feel his skin against mine and he places his hand against my back .
te	O	She asked her where the former resident went and she said she didn 't know .
te	O	Matilda was still not following and Jett was watching from above .
te	O	I groan internally , but then again , this is part of what we were sent here for .
te	O	I shoved my hands in my pockets as well , and we made our way to our next activities in a comfortable silence .
te	O	It 's working , but I still stand my ground .
te	O	Anderson could tell right away that Beau was upset about something and he probably knew why .
te	O	Water splashed up and she plunged down .
te	I	The drivers are from the other side of the border and I suspect they .
te	O	There was a cry of alarm from below , and the young men drew slightly back , out of detritus range .
te	I	There was a certain delicious luxury in giving up entirely , and occasionally I realized there was no point in making the effort .
te	O	I don 't believe it and I won 't believe it .
te	I	It was not enough , but I walked five feet .
te	I	I opened my eyes weakly and another horrible screech filled the air .
te	I	Suddenly a small glade opened before them , and they rounded a bend upon the miniscule trail , which one overly generous might call a game trail .
te	I	It stays frozen in place , another sign that this isn 't real , but I vaguely feel the shaking of my arm .
te	I	She had never wanted that before , and she wanted a future .
te	O	The food was heaven on a plate and my companion was heaven on legs .
te	O	He rests a hand on my shoulder , and I take a deep breath .
te	I	She brief ly hugged her back , and Lydia was different , though .
te	I	He isn 't the type of guy to hang out with a gang in the town and usually Damian was alone , not having friends .
te	I	She sniffed me , flipping her lovely white hair , and I petted her nose first .
te	I	You noticed she had style , but she didn 't wear brands .
te	I	I smoothed it out on the table in front of us and she slid it over .
te	I	I went up to my room to rest and she left .
te	I	He stayed still as a rock and he tilted his head forward as if he were listening for something .
te	O	She 'd read about it , but she never thought she would live to see it .
te	O	She knew the government had a say in the operations of the lab and maybe they had pressured him .
te	O	Night fell and they made burgers on the grill , also polishing off a bag of potato chips .
te	I	There 's talk of her running in the senator 's place and the camera loves her .
te	O	They hadn 't told him what they wanted to talk to him about , and he was beginning to stress out .
te	O	It was domestic , and this bothered him .
te	I	The horse was gone , but the pony grazed contently , hobbled nearby .
te	O	Bob ordered and I sat immobile while he carefully checked out the wound .
te	I	Her rich brown coat looked well cared for and Janet was broad of chest .
te	I	As always , our time together comes back to me , and I reflect on these things .
te	O	She tried to sound firm , if only to herself , but she could feel herself weakening .
te	I	I wagged my eyebrows , and Vincent cracked a smile .
te	O	There are only we two , and we are vulnerable .
te	O	Something moved in the corner of her eye and she turned to see a woman leaning over a bush of those red flowers , inhaling the scent .
te	I	It was not my world to alter , and I have an unfair advantage at night .
te	O	Before he could go to her , though , a hand came down on his arm and he looked to his left .
te	O	I tell Robbie what Dr. Quickly said and he nods .
te	I	The muscle in his jaw jumped and his lips tightened .
te	O	Frankie stomped on his foot again and this time he released her .
te	O	I looked around and I saw no one .
te	O	I wanted to burn it , but I didn 't .
te	O	He went inside the hangar , and I turned for the trailer park .
te	O	There was a knock at the door , and Isabel poked her head in .
te	I	I angle my head as best I can toward the comm array , and Hit cues me with the go-ahead .
te	O	I couldn 't speak for the sobbing and I started to hyperventilate .
te	I	His eyes blazed , but his face still held no expression .
te	O	The train thunders toward us , and the Dauntless start piling on .
te	O	I complained to the boss about him , but he told me to forget about it .
te	I	She was going to work hard at it , but how she was going to solve them , Tessa didn 't know .
te	I	His gaze moved over it quickly and as he turned it over , his brows rose .
te	I	I didn 't , but I could have pursued them .
te	I	Everything hurt so much , and they were too heavy .
te	I	I would have given it to him , too , and I figured I knew what he would want in exchange for the meal .
te	O	You 've called all the shots , but this time it 's my turn .
te	O	I sat down beside her and she leaned against me .
te	O	Mikey was bearing down on her , and there was nothing she could do .
te	I	The seclusion was calming , and no one joined us all morning .
te	I	She didn 't have time to think , but the doctor 's words played in her head .
te	O	I feel as though I manipulate your time and you get nothing , despite what you claim .
te	O	Her face was always pleasing to behold , but now it was beautiful .
te	I	He hadn 't corrected her , and she 'd called him Trent .
te	O	I was by now in effect running the Dublin Corporation , and I continued at the head of the Volunteers .
te	O	The kick did not reach its target , but the sudden movement made the rope loose .
te	I	He thought a walk would sober him up , and he 'd had more to drink than usual .
te	O	I would have liked to have asked him what his definition of interesting was , but I didn 't get the chance .
te	O	I disagreed , but she insisted .
te	I	It cannot hold under her weight , but another one catches her midsection , stopping her .
te	O	I know Claudia cares about him and it 's obvious he cares about her .
te	O	My fingers trembled as I read the short message , and I felt my heart stop .
te	O	He 's smiling at me , and it 's a perfect smile .
te	I	Oriole 's was running out , but Patience was a virtue .
te	O	I was the girl Gage waited for , and I 'll probably be the one to accidentally kill him one day .
te	I	I don 't think I like it , and I sense ambivalence in Gage 's tone .
te	O	He wasn 't happy about it , but he had taken care of it .
te	O	He often looked as if he could , and he certainly had psychic gifts , ones that were a little scary when she thought about it .
te	O	We started to leave , but Acacia stopped us .
te	O	She gasped in pain , and he withdrew his touch .
te	O	The door finally opened , letting out more light than the grimy windows allowed to escape , and the girl came out .
te	I	The Boss had been caught off guard , but it didn 't happen often .
te	I	She missed his warmth against her , and her insides still felt like liquid .
te	O	Denial was my reaction , and I welcomed it .
te	O	Now she would be asking more questions , and I had no desire to answer them .
te	I	On some level , I feel as though they 're cheapening their loss , but it 's not that I mind giving them the credits .
te	O	Maybe some would say so , but he honestly didn 't think so .
te	I	He would help her do just that and she 'd told him she wanted to forget .
te	I	It wasn 't a figurative one , and there was a brightness in her eyes .
te	O	Soon after he left , the Hurons got into a fight with some Sioux , and the Sioux attempted to broker a peace .
te	O	He had no weapons and the layout of the Citadel 's interior was not common knowledge .
te	I	He 's on his way here and I 've managed to locate Renton .
te	I	From there it was a much shorter flight to Zimbabwe , and we were almost to Johannesburg .
te	I	Shattering glass and crunching metal .
te	I	She knew she must try , but she had no idea .
te	I	I couldn 't risk missing a single part of his exchange , but not that I doubted my abilities .
te	O	Trading continued with the Indians and some of them had even been given muskets for more protection .
te	O	Luther poked his wand into a knotted wall of roots and they spread away from the tip , creating a wide circular opening .
te	I	I could understand how difficult it was to believe , but I 'd told Will about my dreams countless times .
te	I	We hid from them during the Inquisition , and we have dominated them as gods of the ancient world .
te	I	The door was slammed behind them and they were shoved into the darkness .
te	O	A small orange crab waved a claw at Riki , and a bright blue one nipped at Neil 's finger .
te	I	She deserved to be freed , and she was the true hero , much more so then he himself was .
te	O	They are basically the same insignia , but they have no dragon 's breath .
te	O	She was there and she was holding her silver picture frame high .
te	O	Not exactly a reprieve , but there was some leeway .
te	O	I can tell you have a busy life and I 'll try to keep things as relevant as possible .
te	I	They strapped some sort of contraption around my head and I was transferred to one of the medical tables .
te	O	Honour slams the door behind him and I dive into the passenger seat .
te	I	It was the best I could do , but it wasn 't as wide as me .
te	O	I have my daughter , and from now on it 'll be just the two of us .
te	O	I made you love me , but not in the way I needed .
te	O	I couldn 't imagine how he could be walking around already , but there he was walking down the hall by the hospital cafeteria .
te	O	Katie scowled at him , but then her face brightened .
te	O	I asked , but I was talking to empty space .
te	I	Once he stood he listened , almost without breathing , but now it seemed fine .
te	O	They had a big argument , and Stone broke off his relationship with her .
te	I	I 'll give it to you and what do you want .
te	I	The Lord has taken away ; blessed be the name of the Lord , and the Lord gave .
te	I	Because I didn 't realize anything had happened , but I gasp , not because I 'm hurt .
te	O	Perhaps she thought I was only saying it to quicken our escape , but it was the genuine truth .
te	O	Dever tried to lurch the car forward but he knew it was no hope they were still several minutes away at best .
te	O	Lexie tugs me forward and we are running .
te	O	Chris was trying to sound light but his voice was tight .
te	O	Her arms crept around his neck and she pressed her body to his .
te	O	His mind traced his path to where he was , and he saw a shepherd at work , especially recently .
te	O	He had sometimes felt a certain aloofness in Jan , but he had overlooked it .
te	O	We just had to make something from local resources and it needed to have a specific purpose .
te	O	He waved and I waved back .
te	I	Fail-safe measures would be employed to shut down this segment of the pipeline system and sensors on the line would report a loss of pressure .
te	O	She closed her eyes for a moment , and when she opened them , Rand had glided closer , was bending once more to her throat .
te	O	He didn 't pay extra attention to her , and she didn 't go seeking any .
te	I	I still kept my eyes closed , but I could feel him watching me .
te	I	Nobody has any available , but I 've asked everywhere for glass .
te	O	I already told you about my protective instincts towards you and I think that might have to do with the stuff you told me earlier today .
te	O	First he grunted a few times , but then his groans turned to howls .
te	O	Gross , I know , but it totally fits her .
te	O	Graham 's large hand went to her side , and he pressed a cloth filled with something over the sword cut .
te	I	That 's Aidan and that 's Aisling .
te	O	His existence felt like an eternity , and in many ways it had been .
te	I	There was no reason for our attendance , but descendants were required to attend school , just like the Norms in the Fields .
te	I	Then there 's the girl you bring home , and there 's casual girlfriends .
te	I	I reached down to her pants and she laughed .
te	I	She got to travel and the money was great .
te	I	The owner of the house was trying to lay a trap for them , but Jed didn 't know it .
te	O	His thoughtfulness didn 't go unnoticed and she appreciated the fact that she didn 't even need to ask for anything .
te	I	He was the epitome of intense and she 'd spent time with Julio .
te	I	I 'm the only one who turns to look at him and Fox snorts .
te	I	She was pretty sure that was exactly where he belonged , but they 'd all been so afraid Jeremy would end up in a sanatorium .
te	I	I don 't think either of them knows it about each other , but I know what I saw from both of them .
te	I	I went nowhere , but my feet moved .
te	I	I let out a little shriek , and the images stare out at me .
te	I	The Prince looked up at the sky , terror seizing him , and rain began to fall .
te	I	The music fell apart and Will lost his focus , hitting a throng of wrong keys .
te	O	He turned just in time to see the rounds tear crosswise through two others , and sideways bursts of blood marked the line of fire .
te	O	I drew it in and the light came too .
te	I	She was keeping the tears contained , but her eyes were red .
te	I	If someone was handing out awards for those , he 'd win , but I am not obsessed with kissing ( maybe I am a little ) .
te	I	She died in childbirth , and the queen gave birth to twins , twin sons .
te	I	She quickly masked it , but a hint of dissatisfaction showed in her expression , the same dissatisfaction he 'd noted earlier .
te	I	A winch lifted her cleanly to the top of the cabinet where she jumped off and he to press the button on the control box .
te	I	Abe stepped ahead to where the canyon split into two courses , but Gray glanced to him .
te	O	Anyway I pick up the necklace and a feeling that is hard to describe comes over me .
te	I	They served as a kind of map of consciousness , and myths had once represented the common knowledge of humanity .
te	I	Little Spirit guessed the final cut would look fantastic given their enthusiasm but they had a smaller audience crowding their stage .
te	O	Her gaze slid to me , and one elegant eyebrow rose .
te	I	It took until 1993 to finish , but I started that one in 1990 .
te	I	It was a sin just the same , but I 'd learned to take vengeance gently .
te	O	His hair was as dark as a raven 's wing and his eyes were a vivid blue .
te	I	You were also wrong , but you were right .
te	I	Twice you have broken the promise , and you 've promised me twice .
te	O	He 'd let Alex 's talk of children being forever and Livvy being Brad 's daughter put him into panic mode .
te	O	The weapons fire lulled for a moment , and Malcolm seized the opportunity to hurl the dead body at his assailants .
te	O	The beast inside of him had protected her and now it wanted payment in return .
te	I	He entered the sale carefully , and they actually bought silver bands .
te	I	In the chaos it was growing so fast its business seemed out of control , but the law firm was wildly successful .
te	O	Morning 's rays of light warmed my skin , and people hurried past me .
te	I	As he crossed the threshold , memories flooded back , yet he couldn 't remember the last time he 'd stepped foot in the apartment .
te	O	Sean was edgy , and I heard him shove one of the wooden chairs back with a screech .
te	I	She wondered if it would ever end , and it was the best kind of falling .
te	I	He did his best , forcing the words out , but his voice didn 't want to work .
te	I	The way he played on Jess 's emotions pissed me off , and I didn 't trust the guy .
te	I	They were both adventurous and both of them were slightly plump , with round red chubby cheeks .
te	O	We ´ re very close to the ground and I don ´ t have much time .
te	I	My stomach felt hollow and my muscles ached .
te	I	It was very upsetting , and I 'm just tired .
te	I	Then another monster went flying by Cassie , its hands clenching at the knife buried deep in its chest , and Chris shouted .
te	I	He must have sensed the movement , but I cry .
te	I	Her body pressed up tight against his and her arms hung on his shoulders .
te	O	At least I hadn 't drooled , or my laptop would have been ruined .
te	I	I went into them and he opened his arms .
te	O	Sam kept sending me looks , and I tried to ignore them .
te	O	He was trying to distract me and it was working .
te	I	Jason 's hand was on my back , leading me toward it , and the limo I was accustomed to seeing pulled in front of the house .
te	O	The crown sat there ominously , and I glanced at the old man .
te	O	The buzzer at the gate rang and he let the delivery person in .
te	O	George 's phone suddenly rang and he excused himself , leaving me all alone in my booth .
te	O	I kept thinking that I should at least try to fight him , but if I moved , he might wrangle the gun from my hands .
te	O	There were footfalls behind him , but he was not being chased .
te	O	She was short , rising only to his shoulders , and wore a pair of dark jeans that seemed made only for her .
te	O	He remembered that Kennedy was dead and Johnson was the president when they came .
te	I	I couldn 't quite manage it , but I tried to look friendly in return .
te	I	In her own way she looked as good as she could , but she could not help looking like Kirsty .
te	O	Now she was only torturing herself , but she had to know .
te	O	Blake might be optimistic that he 'd gotten a round in Creed , but Teague wasn 't of that opinion .
te	I	He turned us away and I can only hope that we 'll make my guy 's place before it 's too late .
te	I	We were full of a lot of good food , but both of us were far too inebriated to drive .
te	I	We were lucky to get her , and she actually spent a summer in Boone Creek when she was a girl .
te	I	I can 't compete , and Sasha calls him Dad .
te	O	His expression stiffened when she entered , and she could feel his eyes boring into her .
te	O	Anna had finally agreed to meet his parents but she had done so reluctantly .
te	O	His thumb stroked her palm again and she looked back at her hand , still caught in his .
te	I	The whole thing collapses and one wrong turn here .
te	O	Some of his own have retired because of that , and it didn 't make it any easier as time went by .
te	I	His post-college relationship would have ended anyway , but maybe he had been biding his time , waiting .
te	I	It was only minutes before the nurse returned him to his father , but he felt like he had stood there for hours .
te	I	I came into full view and the Red Woman stepped aside .
te	O	I paused the frantic knitting , but I didn 't look up .
te	O	He lifted a hand to her cheek , and she closed her eyes at his touch .
te	O	We exit the janitor 's closet and I run straight into Mystery Woman .
te	I	The long-sleeve shirt was probably two sizes too small and my sweats were at least two sizes too big .
te	I	His dad was right , and Trevor thought about it .
te	I	The ship on the top of her high hair rocked as if a storm had risen suddenly and she began to giggle .
te	O	One look at him and Jenny knew that he was capable of every vile thing he 'd been accused of doing .
te	I	I still got the better deal , but Farah 's surprisingly hard right hook would leave me sporting a panda look for a while .
te	I	Alec must have been bad and whatever went on between Zack .
te	I	Now she regretted it , but for the longest time , she 'd been grateful that she hadn 't inherited her father 's nose .
te	O	He was in the military , but he was only a spacer so it wasn 't like he could do whatever he wanted .
te	I	The turmoil within me is gaining speed , ripping away the small fraction of control that remains , and I 'm all emotion .
te	O	She pulled him closer , and his arm brushed against the side of her breast .
te	I	We refer to ourselves as Carpathian , and we originated in the Carpathian Mountains .
te	O	The lights are off in here so I doubt he can see me , and yet he stares for so long that I perhaps think he can .
te	I	Then I realized it probably wouldn 't make a difference , but I almost told them that to save my own skin .
te	O	You can 't go through life without love , and you have too much of it to give .
te	O	I was insatiable for bedtime stories because it was my way of clinging to my parents ' memories , and they knew that .
te	I	The landscape continued to build and the animals grew in number .
te	I	This is to inform you that the position is yours if you want it and a permanent position with the same general responsibilities has recently become vacant .
te	O	Mia didn 't get tired quickly and she was pretty fast , at least she thought she was .
te	O	She had to be considering what Theo wanted in his life , too , and there was no doubt he wanted his father .
te	I	He held me so close like he didn 't want to let go and our bodies were molded together .
te	O	Her whole focus narrowed to her tingling knees , and that royally ticked her off .
te	O	The comatose girl was Laila Lane , and the other one , the one he wished to observe , was Nicola Lane .
te	I	She could sense the uncertainty he was feeling , but he just looked at her , face blank .
te	I	He still didn 't know what Allison saw in him , but seeing Seth act something other than completely hostile was fascinating .
te	I	Chris Prince let them come ... and tears came to his eyes .
te	O	I thought that distance from me would protect you , but it only made things worse .
te	I	Here we stand , but you have made some poor choices , Drake .
te	I	He was watching the others , but he was speaking to Sidra .
te	O	His touch was gentle , but his fingers were strong .
te	I	The Prince feared that would be the end of the conversation , and there was a long pause in which neither of them spoke .
te	I	I place her , but it takes me a minute .
te	O	The kitchen had a door leading into the garage , and I was sure that Nell had her own car .
te	O	Surprised , the man looked up at me , but the advantage was already mine .
te	I	It was strong , but she managed to get one hand against the roach 's chest .
te	I	The managers loved it and the broken guitar string made Mac perform without it .
te	O	I 'm not his property , and he doesn 't control me .
te	I	He didn 't know how to escape and Matt blinked , as if Lewis had caught him off guard .
te	O	They watch it receding into the distance and then , a few miles away , it becomes obscured by a hill .
te	O	I had been waiting for him more than two years , and somehow I knew him more than I possibly could have .
te	O	The question seems innocent , but I 've lived near the ocean long enough to know that unseen currents lurk beneath the surface .
te	I	You can 't , but you want to .
te	I	I answered for her , but Pari turned to respond .
te	O	Mr. Hassell probably didn 't know everything about the entire world , but he knew a lot of things about people on Oregon Avenue .
te	O	We watched movies and I never changed out of my pajamas the entire day .
te	I	With the right touch , I know that I will shatter , and I 'm awash in sensation , my entire body sparking like a live wire .
te	I	She picked it up and the sat phone rang again .
te	I	A conventional assault would require a hefty price in blood , but it would be possible to grind resistance down , eventually .
te	O	He did not want to leave her , but he could not keep her up all night .
te	I	She ran her fingers through my hair and I slipped a hand under her sweater .
te	O	She looked to be near tears and it was his undoing .
te	I	Clean , he said , but it pierced me deep .
te	I	She slips an arm around Adam 's waist affectionately , and her curls shine golden in the fading light .
te	I	Dave repeated his conversation with Mario and Chris came into Dave 's office .
te	I	His voice was thick with wrath , and Thorin at length broke the silence .
te	I	She felt very much like fainting , and it made him all the uglier .
te	O	I didn 't want to discuss it with him , but I figured talking about a girl other than Molly might help smooth things over .
te	I	It was hardly a smile , but the corners of the angel 's mouth tipped up .
te	I	The line started to inch its self forward , and The before they could talk further the assembly line hooter sounded .
te	O	I froze instantaneously and the axe blade came within a mere inch from Michelle 's head .
te	O	It was far too big and she tied the tails around her hips .
te	O	He looked ridiculously handsome this morning and it was hard to stop beaming .
te	I	He always assumed they were just that : legends , but there had always been legends of White Wolves talking .
te	I	He couldn 't concentrate , but he had so much to do .
te	I	Justin felt a corresponding frisson of physical attraction , and Louisa 's eyes flashed with annoyance .
te	I	He turned to Themis and zeus tossed the device off the cliff .
te	O	They have God inside of them , but you don 't seem to .
te	O	She was hot to the touch , and blisters were forming on her skin .
te	I	She pressed her lips together , and Harriet 's eyes flashed .
te	O	She had no idea where she was headed but she couldn 't bear one more moment in that house .
te	I	They don 't , but I wait a little longer with my arm in the water , hoping they 'll fade .
te	I	He stopped , but he didn 't mean to .
te	O	She had a thousand questions she wanted to put to her brother , but she had no idea how to formulate them .
te	O	Slidell Turner 's locker was to the right , and the name to the left was Trey Colby .
te	O	I saw a muscle in his cheek twitch and I could see the corded muscles in his arms straining against his desire .
te	O	I give a grunt of pain as my right leg takes the weight of my body , but I keep moving .
te	I	Billy was sitting in the doorway behind them , and Charlie was standing under the little back porch .
te	O	His head turned and their gazes met .
te	O	Already he was tired , and the climb had barely started .
te	I	We immediately saw why , and the voice was hollow , echoing .
te	I	The reflection of the rose was on her face , and she smiled as he opened his eyes to her .
te	I	I wasn 't fooled , but it appeared that she was looking right through us .
te	I	Right now she didn 't appear capable of shouldering another burden , and the news would have distressed her .
te	O	When he kissed the side of her cheek , her heart raced and she silently begged her body to not start sweating .
te	I	The wagon lurched forward as the horses began to move , and Bax gave the reins a flick .
te	O	A flame appeared at the tip and he placed it under the fire .
te	I	We 're done with that , but I went along with it .
te	O	He takes a deep breath and it 's nearly soundless as it eases back out of his lips .
te	I	I 'll throw him his bone , too , but a First Class Directive .
te	O	I looked at Amory with controlled fear , and he stared back with the same trepidation .
te	I	I nodded , and she said .
te	I	He found it the most adorable thing in the world , and she pouted .
te	O	He 'd worked at the detective agency in L.A. with me , and he 'd loved disguises .
te	I	Simon is quietly reading a story to his younger brothers , and Sarah is nursing the baby .
te	I	Then he jumps down , landing beside me , and orders Greg to the others from above me .
te	I	The locks clicked open with his touch and Eastman set his briefcase down on the desk .
te	I	She didn 't stop retreating until her back pressed into a thick tree trunk , and he didn 't stop coming .
te	I	If they get distracted , we can even read them , but it 's harder if the immortal is older than you .
te	O	It 's late , and I still haven 't called my mom today .
te	I	A vase , attached to a low table , boasted a stunning bouquet of fresh spring flowers and there were a few paintings hung about .
te	O	The concierge called over the bellhop , and he took us to the elevators .
te	I	You 'll fall over the first stone while thinking about the tenth and plan too far ahead .
te	I	I knew the moment she was taken that I actually loved her , but it was taking me a while to face it .
te	I	It wasn 't fear , but I shook with emotion .
te	I	I decide that I 'm the lucky one and he smiles .
te	O	He had no idea what her father was like and he was ruining any chance of smoothing over the situation .
te	I	It has you pretty upset and something 's on your mind .
te	I	She was grateful they were there , but she didn 't yet know how to use them .
te	I	They turned to find the source and a golden light seeped into the apartment .
te	O	The beeping speeds up and I try to open my eyes to see what 's making that God-awful noise .
te	O	I 'm beautiful and I have more money than she does .
te	I	Even if I didn 't , I couldn 't stop myself from going to her , but I know her father knows how I feel about her .
te	O	They were in the hotel still and Nick was nowhere to be seen .
te	I	I keep seeing him while awake too , but you say he 's part of this Nightmare World .
te	O	His strong grip was now around my waist , and he clutched my hip as he pulled me down to the ground .
te	I	I felt warm but it 's cold .
te	O	There the jungle had been cut back and we made our way through the ruins .
te	I	I just let it go , without trying to do anything and he told me about his parents .
te	I	He had purchased a few more , and the money we were bringing in has allowed him to expand his enterprise into other taverns around town .
te	I	It was nice sitting here above the world with Jenny , but Shawn felt he should be working .
te	I	Jonathan allowed himself a sigh of relief , and the sound faded .
te	O	As the Captain looked on he could see the DVD flying through space and it looked very real .
te	O	She was about to correct him but when the light caught what he was offering her she lost her train of thought .
te	I	I didn 't think that was the answer she wanted to hear but I knew it wasn 't .
te	O	He spotted her quickly and when he was finally able to make eye contact , he waved her over .
te	I	He had to borrow # 20 from Pete to buy it ( which he has yet to repay ) , and it cost a whopping # 60 .
te	I	I had to laugh , and Lada yelled at her .
te	O	Her sister-in-law wasn 't happy over her accommodations and she wanted to move into Graeme 's chamber .
te	I	It didn 't hurt me to catch some zzz 's either , and you just needed a little nap .
te	I	Now she wondered if everyone found him that way , but she may have personally found the man incredibly offensive .
te	I	He just pulled back further , teasing me with how close he was , but I arched my hips , trying to take him in .
te	I	Likely it would be along the same track he was on , and Jeff was going to do what he was going to do .
te	O	There was another rustle , and Bill Door 's head appeared over the edge of the loft .
te	I	I could take this opportunity to further my own agenda , or I could let my anger get the best of me .
te	O	Gary walks up to her and touches her .
te	O	I tried to say , but only a kind of snorkeling sound like a gurgle came out .
te	O	She was still there the next time he surfaced , and this time the initial terror was of shorter duration .
te	I	He knew that wasn 't an option , but he would have given his right arm to have them back .
te	O	We have checked everyone 's cell phone records , and we have noted that you have not been in contact with Benji since the fight .
te	O	The words were a growl , and he knew his gaze pierced her .
te	O	Her powers were the more basic witch powers , but they still triumphed over Simone 's .
te	I	Marcella had dined at the Columbia that evening and everybody who was anybody in Sarasota would know he .
te	O	Avery started to object , but Guy was too quick .
te	O	The safety of the streetlights faded , and I couldn 't scream as something curled over my mouth .
te	I	I stood and my lips twitched at the corners .
te	O	I looked at my rearview mirror , convinced I 'd heard the sound of a motorcycle start , but there were only cars behind me .
te	O	The buildings were so decayed that it was a miracle any of them still had roofs , and the stench was revolting .
te	I	It looked familiar but he couldn 't read it .
te	O	She hadn 't expected anything to come from it , and so far , I hadn 't seen them arrive .
te	O	Good point , but he wasn 't going to tell her that part had slipped his mind .
te	I	He kept turning in his saddle to look back , and Berit was riding several hundred yards to the rear .
te	I	Many windows had to be replaced , and the floors needed to be sanded .
te	O	Rounds pelted into the man 's Kevlar armor , but one bullet struck the back of his head .
te	O	Kent looks at me , and I can see that he understands .
te	I	It was the same thing and I quickly grabbed another one .
te	I	My father do and I 'm running from the aid camp into the jungle , towards Hannu 's hut , desperate to get there before Ivan .
te	I	Adam knew it , and he wasn 't .
te	O	The setting could be changed but Mac found that an increase in opacity led to an increase in distraction .
te	O	When I moved , there was a slight shimmer , a wavy disruptive pattern to the air , but I could see no flesh .
te	I	Richard dismounted him , and Dakota seemed content with his decision .
te	I	She was wearing a fancy dress with black patent leather shoes , and her hair was curled into pretty ringlets tied with a ribbon .
te	O	It wasn 't time to joke , but I just couldn 't help myself .
te	O	Nic followed and together we climbed the steps to the sheriff 's office .
te	I	Nothing happened , but she pressed the power button .
te	I	It had only been a moment and I missed feeling it in her hand .
te	I	Blue Eyes scowls , and I pack up my guitar .
te	I	You can unsubscribe whenever you want and your email address will remain confidential .
te	O	Her gloved hands still clutched two ice axes , and her sword was sheathed across her stuffed pack .
te	O	My temple throbbed , and the wound was slow to heal , a true sign that I was quickly losing strength .
te	I	He refused to wear the stretchy outfit Fiji had suggested when they 'd gone to the costume store , but he would have looked even more striking .
te	O	I was so upset my fists were balled up and my lips were quivering .
te	I	He 'd never seen this done , but he knew healers could retrieve spirits that hadn 't gone too far into the other world .
te	I	He wouldn 't tell her where he was going and he would leave every night .
te	I	They began rolling down the road and Byron pulled out of the attached parking garage .
te	O	Vaughn kept fighting , though , his hand reaching back toward the shelves for another model ... And coming up empty .
te	O	I drove to his house following his directions again but this time there 's another car beside the house .
te	I	It was odd enough to make her slow to a halt , and it looked like a solid form , a deep orange mass .
te	O	If he thought to protect her from Burton , he was sweet , but Burton would win .
te	I	We 'd start all over again someplace else , and then the trails would peter out on him .
te	I	My heart turned over , and he stared at me .
te	I	The flowers were now fully grown , waving gently and he turned back to his side .
te	O	It was difficult to see much of anything in the dark , but I was able to make my way to a back patio .
te	I	He didn 't seem to care but she threw up all over him .
te	I	His body ached and his face throbbed painfully .
te	O	The doorknob turned and the latch clicked .
te	O	In fifth grade I renamed her Angel , and she was overjoyed to be called the better substitute .
te	I	My eyes swelled up , and Bile burned my throat .
te	I	The drastic drop in temperature is a welcome replacement to the scorcher of a summer the boy has endured , and the rain has ceased .
te	I	I hear the distinct snapping of a nose being broken before a gush of blood follows and the fiberglass of his helmet shatters .
te	I	She gave him a small nod and her dark eyes met his .
te	I	It 's when we 're coming down a steep hillside that I fall and Afternoon turns into another evening .
te	O	He checked on the rest of the crew and they were all wrapping up for the day .
te	I	He wondered if the sky might fall upon him too and his eyes were drawn to the clouds that hung overhead .
te	O	He could feel it wrapped around his face , and the tubes in his nostrils went deep .
te	I	I made a pasta salad for dinner and Chapter 7 June 7th , 1990 Jenny .
te	I	He winked from his spot on the bed , and with a smile I looked up .
te	O	I smiled to him and he left in time .
te	I	Then the state made sure of that , but he hadn 't been late with a check yet .
te	I	He was another sniper for the Day Soldiers and his name was Enrico .
te	I	If I did , Mom didn 't let on but I try not to flinch away .
te	I	For some reason , he found himself covering the distance between them , but ordinarily , he would never have the nerve to speak to her .
te	O	Death was closer now than ever before , and the thought of dying was almost overwhelming .
te	O	Bixby Elementary was dead ahead , but he dropped anchor well short .
te	O	My cheeks turn crimson and I stretch my neck , trying to dispel the tingles I still feel from his caress .
te	O	He pushed the open button on the garage door opener that was clipped to the visor , and the door slowly inched open .
te	O	If there is , go down that way and it should place you in the laundry room .
te	I	I gladly take it and he hands me a coffee .
te	O	My heart dropped into my stomach , and I turned away .
te	O	For me , her name was Fortunate , but I consider myself to have been more fortunate to have met her .
te	O	There were a few tents scattered about , but most of the archers lived in crudely built huts that closely resembled the homes of the serfs .
te	I	Josie would be forever grateful , and something had brought Faye downtown .
te	O	He straightened his clothes in silence , but his entire being ached .
te	I	I realized what the rumbling was , and I squinted , trying to see exactly what it was ... My breath caught in my throat .
te	I	He 'd left behind the biggest mess she could imagine , and her almost ex-husband had been killed in a horrific manner .
te	I	Her deity gave no answer and she called on her god .
te	I	Perhaps together you could dupe someone else , and now that you understood , you could both enjoy the game .
te	I	Three women enter the room and before she is able to connect with Jon , there is a knock on the door .
te	O	Against the far wall , there 's a terminal meant for diagnostics , but maybe it connects to the rest of the station .
te	I	His mom stepped inside and he was still admiring his handiwork when the front door flew open .
te	I	It was the kind she could purchase , and she had only one dream left , though .
te	O	I want to make the Olympic team , eventually , and that means I have to make the National team .
te	O	A few of the other recruits shifted their stances , but no one made any motions to leave .
te	O	Kylie asked Sara , and then suddenly she knew what Sara was asking .
te	O	He went into the castle , and many minutes passed as they stood out in the hot sun , sweating .
te	I	She sat up in the chair , and the car , she could tell , was idling in the road .
te	O	We take them in , teach them the ways of God , but it 's no use .
te	I	I just nodded , and Emotion clogged my throat .
te	O	He cringed , his eyes scouring the tiny island 's shore for signs of trouble , but there was no one else there .
te	O	She wanted to strangle the Judge herself , but she 'd settle for comforting her friend .
te	I	The monitors along the wall flickered on , and he flipped a switch near the door .
te	O	Deep panic had flashed in his eyes , and he 'd fought himself away from her .
te	I	You 'll be getting there after sundown , but if you 'd like to head to the ranch , I can show you the way .
te	I	I didn 't know what to say and I was taken aback by his words .
te	O	Those should be his goal , but Noah surprises me by slipping into the desk next to me .
te	I	I knew he was teasing me again , and he grinned .
te	I	It was too late for that now , but he could use the ID .
te	I	It quickly faded , but for a brief moment , he was tempted to come clean .
te	I	I saw a small tear rolling from her eyes and I stared at her face as she closed the door .
te	O	Her arm slapped down hard on the counter top , and she struggled to spread her legs even wider .
te	I	Maks heard the guardsmen , who 'd moved off into the night , call out that they had located lumber and there was more arguing .
te	I	He stares across the room at nothing in particular and his jaw is set firmly .
te	O	They were all in a panic and I knew that The Courant would be spending a night in the palace .
te	O	I wan na leave you with something as we say good-bye and you fall into that blissful unconsciousness .
te	O	The people working on the engineering deck all took to their stations , and the matter -- antimatter specialists made their way to the engine room .
te	O	The wind had begun to pick up and she felt the rain in the air although it wouldn 't fall just yet .
te	I	Ward waited until the marauder twisted to use the momentum to twirl them both over , and Hammer focused on beating at his sides .
te	I	You didn 't come in at all , or as far as he could make out , you came in by the door .
te	O	I really didn 't think the hospital smell could still linger after a week , but Beck 's wrinkled nose said otherwise .
te	I	One thing they did know , but her origins were unclear .
te	I	Servants spoke of them , but I never saw them .
te	I	Jack walked through and a door opened .
te	I	Lying on his stomach , and his cock was thick , not entirely erect .
te	I	Either choice was going to result in the loss of life , and turning back was no better an option than continuing on .
te	I	There were dishes stacked on the kitchen counter and Furniture had been moved .
te	O	Laci tried not to be intimidated , but Sal angry was a powerful force .
te	I	She shook her head and her eyes watered .
te	O	In an adjoining field a reaping machine was cutting a swath through the ripe wheat , and neatly stacked corn sheaths covered half the field .
te	O	Slave or not she was not the sort of demon to mildly accept any sort of restrictions .
te	O	The rover has plenty of electricity and the med kit has a needle .
te	I	It was quick thinking , but it wasn 't true .
te	I	The boy isn 't our priority right now , but I 'm sorry to say it .
te	I	You never answer me and I 've asked you to go out with me at least six times .
te	I	It sat purring on her lap , clearly satisfied with the situation and she picked it up .
te	O	The phone rang , but she ignored it .
te	I	Once in a while , he got lucky , but his eyesight was going by then , so his aim was usually off .
te	I	I thought , in desperation , I 've lost him , and they looked deeply at each other for a long second .
te	I	He fell asleep right there on the floor , but we played with Noah for a little while .
te	I	It was surprisingly heavy , but it 's cliche .
te	I	I understand why you were in Vegas and I understood why you left on Christmas .
te	O	Their magnetic boots moored them solidly to the ship , and they began to walk up the ramp .
te	I	She ate the rest of the ice cream sample and when the flavor hit her , her eyes widened .
te	O	My mind focused on the target , and I was in tune with everything .
te	O	They will argue with almost anything , but in the end , they will become friends again .
te	O	No call yet , but there was time .
te	O	The room begins to move and my stomach surges with the motion .
te	I	The air was heavy with humidity as the oncoming storm approached and the jungle was hot .
te	O	They blaze with fury and his jawline is tight .
te	O	Seven moved back , widening the circle , but one stayed in place .
te	O	I 've been gone all night and she 's probably worried sick .
te	I	He shook his head but I looked at Caden .
te	O	I climbed out of the water and Gabe handed me a towel .
te	O	Abruptly he stopped eating , and when he swallowed , it looked as if he 'd downed the sandwich whole .
te	O	As he spoke about Alexa 's life , my mind drifted and I began to think of Ethan again .
te	O	Sawyer nodded and Aidan jumped .
te	O	They separated , both evaluating one another with what seemed to be old hatred .
te	O	They lifted up their arms in futile resistance , but the force of the gusts pushed them back .
te	O	That was what he wanted , but he wondered if it could hold up against news cameras .
te	I	The boy believed him without question and he seemed very trust worthy .
te	O	Her eyes held a wealth of passion in their depths , and when she licked her lips , he knew what she intended .
te	I	It 's dead silent , but I strain to listen for conversation inside the car .
te	O	As he suspected , the one with the abdominal wound no longer had a pulse , but the other man seemed to be holding his own .
te	O	You have been slacking on me and your grades have been going down .
te	I	I didn 't want to go , but he tried to convince me to let him take me to the emergency room .
te	O	I wept the day the house was sold , and while she never allowed me to see her tears , I believe Margaret did , too .
te	O	He hadn 't had a tree since his parents were alive and it was an emotional moment for him .
te	O	It was her way to intimidate him , but he wouldn 't be intimidated .
te	O	Wallis thought that was the foundation , the 144 , of everything they had done and he thought that it could be the way to their future .
te	I	I 'm certain that most of you have heard of her , and the lady in question has a towering reputation .
te	I	Actually saying it aloud held its own painful sweetness , and there was nothing to be gained from denying it .
te	O	The other three reacted as one ; and I couldn 't block all of their blows .
te	I	Chances were , a lot of it wasn 't pretty , and much more might be lurking within the depths .
te	I	Andrew had all the time he needed , but it TOOK TIME .
te	I	That surprised me , and her voice was unfriendly .
te	I	Her face turned red , and she began to pant in a rhythm .
te	O	He could be with me or he could be with her .
te	O	I possessed pale skin , not dark skin and I had green eyes , not brown eyes .
te	O	There might be someone out there better for you than me , but I 'm selfish enough to hope you never meet him .
te	O	Meyer was thirsty but he had no appetite at all .
te	O	A few of the patrons notice me staring at them and I look away .
te	O	Several were incensed that I 'd entered but I danced away from them , following what I hoped was the right lead .
te	O	Somehow she knew they were singing for her , but she could not understand their tongue .
te	O	I don 't trust him at all , and I believe you would be wise not to either .
te	I	Her physique as well , but the goddess was remarkable ; not only her power .
te	O	I turned around , but Leslie was already practically leaping into his arms .
te	I	The door swings open easily and I try the door handle .
te	O	I wish it weren 't true , but it is .
te	O	Jason would play Hector and I was always Achilles .
te	I	That was another clue right there , and you couldn 't get happiness by magic .
te	O	Her ribs throbbed and the pain in her lower back made her walk with a hunch .
te	I	You have to fight for survival and it 's a struggle .
te	O	I tried finishing my homework , but I was soon distracted when I felt someone watching me .
te	O	Her desk was empty and she never returned to work .
te	I	He 's not here with me , but James can only mumble his agreement .
te	O	Said Astrid in a tone of voice that Sarah had often heard from her Nan and it was one with which you did not argue .
te	I	Both men bowed in her direction and the roar of the crowd doubled .
te	O	Reminding himself she was injured and in pain , he curled his fingers into fists , preventing him from reaching for her .
te	I	His gaze turned a shade darker and Jett 's eyes wandered to my mouth .
te	O	I also returned home , but the Circle continued .
te	O	My lips formed the word okay , but it took too much energy to speak .
te	O	The towering silver firs had been allowed to remain , but the Soviet graves were no more .
te	O	The car drives away and I sigh out loud .
te	I	There was something pure about him , but she knew that earthlings measured time differently .
te	O	My bed was messy , and Ken 's bag was spilled on the floor .
te	O	He had no idea having left almost immediately with Joanne , and Alison sulking because Danny hadn 't turned up .
te	I	No matter how she tried to soothe him , it didn 't work but she tried to make him feel some of her calm .
te	O	I tried not to laugh , but it was quite amusing .
te	O	It had been three days since he 'd returned from London and he hadn 't put in an appearance .
te	I	I felt naked without it and it was even worse than my iPhone addiction .
te	I	We can 't survive without the soil and our species is tied to the earth .
te	I	The excitement of the climb pushed it to the back of his mind , but his battered hand complained briefly .
te	I	She knew he was in no hurry to move on and he took the glass she offered , looking down at her intensely .
te	I	I turned and Gemma called .
te	I	She always denied it , but he 'd asked her if anything was bothering her on a number of occasions .
te	O	When they 'd first been assigned to work together on the yearbook , Rich had been a popular football player and she 'd been a nondescript bookworm .
te	I	He 'd still gone after Adelaide and he 'd taken the bribe money .
te	O	Tanner blatantly checked me out , and I tried to ignore it .
te	I	Then he stops , but Warner nods , gets to his feet .
te	I	Still you refuse me , and Time has brought you by my side .
te	O	The Void was coming to reclaim her -- reclaim them all , and she wasn 't ready .
te	I	Belt motion rolled him over again but he made it to his knees .
te	I	They worry , and they nurture .
te	O	He was intelligent , but he didn 't exude any sort of humor .
te	O	She knocked lightly , but no one answered .
te	I	With his arm wrapped around my waist , he pressed my body against the wall and Seth took a step forward .
te	O	Callum chose a few stacks in the back and I , to keep my distance , stayed to the stacks near the tables in the archives .
te	I	Amara began to feel nervous again , and they hurried up the trail in the dark .
te	I	There were few personal possessions on show , but the interior of the cottage was immaculate .
te	O	Thin trails of smoke started to rise from the seat of the armchair , and Dennis felt a moment of concern .
te	I	I cackled and Molly snorted .
te	O	I was flattered , but I turned her down .
te	O	The three of us burst out laughing and I toss the towel back to Izzy .
te	I	She needed other things first , but she wanted to scream with excitement .
te	O	Dr. Wilson smiled at me but I was too shocked to react .
te	O	I call up the stairs , but there is no answer .
te	O	He winked at her but she didn 't notice .
te	I	His hand continued to stroke her hair , but Troy moved back from Emma 's neck .
te	I	This didn 't help , and his hands had yet to fully heal from his battle with Aeron .
te	O	I waved my hand at the couch , and I sat opposite them .
te	O	Interceptor 's grip around Ledo 's throat tightened , and the mage tensed as he lay on the floor .
te	O	She whirled , grabbing for a lamp , but he darted in front , blocking her .
te	O	For a brief moment she considered making a break for it anyway , but she realized she would never get away before they cut her down .
te	O	I want to rush to him , but I can 't .
te	O	She winked , and I almost barfed .
te	I	He was not The One ; but he might be a good king .
te	I	More grief poured in , yet he took a breath , let it out , breathing away the shadows around him .
te	O	I made a huge mess , and neither of us cared .
te	O	Horses had been using the trail for years and Paul could follow it by smell alone .
te	I	He swallowed hard and his throat swelled with anxiety .
te	I	Garrett felt his chest swell a little , and she blushed a pretty shade of pink .
te	I	I leapt out of bed , and he turned for the door .
te	O	She had learned the hard way , but the best lessons were usually the ones she taught herself .
te	O	Half an hour passed , and his reverie was interrupted .
te	I	Catherine stayed seated right where she was , but the two left shortly after their announcement .
te	I	Doing what he could to ease the burden of her recent trauma and sitting with the young woman .
te	I	The Sensor remains covered in runes whose meanings must be committed to memory , and the Mark of Translation remains uncreated .
te	O	He whispered that last part , but I was completely sure Kellan heard him .
te	I	The dagger withdrew , leaving a small bleeding nick behind , and until , at last , Mr. Birch seemed to decide .
te	I	Seeing it in real life was completely different but I had seen several images of these vases .
te	O	He paused , and when no response came at first from Talon , he continued .
te	O	She was certain she had seen him , but she couldn 't believe it .
te	O	My heart was in my throat , and my hands were slicked with sweat .
te	I	Another wore a lab coat and one person wore a suit of armor .
te	O	Eli will be doing this while I 'm away for the next few weeks but I 'll pick up when I return .
te	I	He was gone , but I looked around the room for Evan .
te	O	She starts to turn away from me , but I catch the bottom of her shirt .
te	O	Clayton was here and he wanted you .
te	I	His nostrils flared , and his jaw flexed .
te	O	Again , Justin was surprised , but he tried to keep from showing it .
te	I	I loved Tallis , but I felt bad for him .
te	O	The church made a sign-up list to come help me move and the page is full .
te	I	I could imagine it doing well in the desert heat , but it was just a silk button-up blouse .
te	O	He wore the glasses to minimize the contrast , and it worked well enough .
te	I	I doubted it had occurred to Lindsey , either , and that thought hadn 't even occurred to me .
te	O	That was a low blow , but I wasn 't about to let Lysander guilt me .
te	I	Certain civil disputes were flaring and the planet was coming apart .
te	O	He was pure sexiness , and my body reacted to him like he was made of honey .
te	I	She completed the process of washing his torso and he turned around .
te	O	My phone is buzzing in my hand , but I don 't look down at it .
te	O	Then he 's lifting me up , and he 's strong enough that he doesn 't even need the wall to help support me .
te	O	That sounded reasonable , and she wouldn 't have thought twice about the whole thing if it hadn 't been for the past .
te	I	The touch of palm against palm was surprisingly intimate , and she had never held hands before .
te	O	It was the first time Royce had seen her really smile , and the effect on her face was more than startling .
te	I	He took one step and she asked him to move .
te	O	I need to get shit sorted out and I can 't do that lying in a damn hospital bed .
te	I	Laboratories are on the upper levels , and there are two large bunkers beneath this building , with storage garages .
te	I	I don 't want to do it in real life , but I 'll fake getting pegged for a murder all day .
te	I	They never showed , but her mom was going to bring her down .
te	I	Mention of his name scares the shit out of her , but Colin didn 't say .
te	I	His back turned to me and Avalon sat with arms folded .
te	O	Sawyer 's tawny eyes kindled , and his stony facade finally cracked .
te	O	Maybe it had been the chat with Jack the night before , but she was not naive to this .
te	O	Ray was a smart-ass , some witch that Sean had literally dug up from a hole in Mexico , but the guy knew his magic .
te	O	He knew the tone and he understood the nuances .
te	O	Aye , lad they would , and they 'd kill her too .
te	O	He smacks his lips , and his eyes flicker open .
te	I	It ignited sparks deep within both their bodies , but it was such a simple , chaste gesture .
te	O	He motioned to a set of plush chairs by the fire , and Nolen happily took the one closest to the heat .
te	O	Charming didn 't say anything and the Grim Reaper kept talking .
te	O	Her gaze fixed on his , and her voice became snide .
te	I	A number of efforts were made to make the subject uncomfortable , and it was used to conduct interviews for active investigations .
te	I	Even Charles looked less than happy , and Danielle shot me a dirty look .
te	I	It was useless , but she tried to push him away .
te	O	Today was her last day at work and they 'd had a small going away luncheon for her that was very sweet .
te	I	Again Nick stopped her , but she reached for it .
te	I	At least she 'd been able to have Paul , but she recalled her own bitter disappointment over her inability to give birth to a second child .
te	O	There is a war coming , Alexander , and you don 't want your loyalties to be in question .
te	I	I would never forget it , but I hadn 't heard her voice for so long .
te	O	The act of churning was invented by the McGill and he was proud to claim responsibility for the idea .
te	I	The exhaustion was overwhelming , but he fought toward the surface .
te	O	Devlin 's hand was on her cheek and their eyes were locked .
te	O	They could be outside , but she knew Deb had to be home unless there had been an accident .
te	I	I hope that you have fun in the land of Oz Dust Designs and I am totally honored that you have taken the time to read this .
te	O	He flashed me a smile as if to say Lame joke but I 'll smile to make you feel better .
te	O	I knew that I was being illogical about both things , but I couldn 't help the emotions that flooded through me .
te	O	None of her statements had exactly been questions , but Finn didn 't know whether to take them as such .
te	I	My body greedily soaks in the energy it provides , and Arizona has lots of sun to give me .
te	I	She pressed her lips together instead , but she wanted to add .
te	O	There was no way to prove it , but he would bet his last dollar that Nadiya was behind the fire .
te	I	He finally looked down at me , and I tugged on his hand again .
te	O	True , he 'd left after their one night , but no promises had been exchanged .
te	O	He opened the car door for her , and she followed him around to the trunk .
te	I	It was a perfectly fine thing to do , and it seemed she was going to cry again .
te	O	I still wasn 't sure what that really meant , but I didn 't care anymore .
te	O	The notebook remained on the desk and he walked slowly to it .
te	I	I knew it was there , but I couldn 't place the smell .
te	I	The walking will be done by wordless purpose and soon enough words will fall by the side .
te	I	Sometimes nothing came at all and dreams came often .
te	O	She freezes for a second and I don 't know why .
te	I	It 's more than that , but I thought you were grieving .
te	O	I squeeze them shut , but it doesn 't help .
te	I	Although fall had bowed to winter , this water had not frozen , and the water from the lake reflected like glass .
te	I	It felt right , and we stood together , smiling at each other .
te	O	His thumb dug painfully into her throat and she felt her pulse hammering under his hand .
te	O	A trim , at least , wouldn 't cost all that much , and she desperately needed one .
te	I	She looked off into the setting sun and the sea breeze blew her hair about .
te	I	He tightened his grip on the controls and a gust of wind rocked the plane .
te	O	She was enjoying her time and she refused to feel guilty .
te	I	My breathing slows and a moment passes .
te	O	Her hip touches mine , and she leans across me , bracing herself on her forearm .
te	I	In addition to all that , she was a member of the town council , and Mrs. Harvey worked part time , owned the thrift store .
te	O	This thought brings me back to reality , and suddenly I feel stupid .
te	I	He risked spilling something about his real identity , or Daniel had to change the topic for her .
te	O	Blood spewed from Hon 's broken nose , and while he swayed , I slammed his head against the pylon behind him .
te	O	Cate raised her eyebrows in question , silently asking if he was certain , and he nodded .
te	O	I 'd never grieved Paul 's death properly , and I spent the week in Iowa doing just that .
te	O	A few seconds passed , and the ship slowed down .
te	O	They didn 't ask why , and they charged forward into the gap left by the Green attack .
te	O	Hunger to the point of pain , and she knew it came from Natasha .
te	O	The poor girl has been stuck with the warlock long enough , and we don 't know what shape we 'll find her in .
te	I	I knew I had to , but I paused because I didn 't want to say this to him .
te	O	I don 't step in , fearing I 'll make things worse , but my blood boils .
te	I	She shivered , and Iona smelled the chocolate , winding around the hard craving inside her .
te	O	He started down the aisle toward the produce section , but she surprised him with a burst of speed .
te	I	They were always watching , and they were the eyes in the sky .
te	I	Ainsley sat limply in her chair , and the laugh ended in a sigh .
te	O	Tears slid down my face , but I stared at him boldly .
te	O	She 'd never expected Scott to apologize , and it took her a moment to absorb .
te	O	Lacey enjoyed their day and now they sat at a table in Starbucks drinking lattes .
te	O	To do the entire wall , I 'd need more spray , but the piece I have planned won 't cover the entire wall .
te	O	We hung up , and I made sure I was ready to go .
te	O	This place is full of odd corners , but it would be very obvious .
te	I	When we were left alone with him , he threw himself at the feet of Elisha , weeping bitterly , and he rose on seeing us enter .
te	O	She 's huge and she 's still a pup .
te	I	She had been completely out of it for the entire car ride , but she hadn 't even realized that she had fallen asleep .
te	I	I heat it in my forge until it melts down into a liquid , and it 's a metal called bronze .
te	O	The glow stones in the ceiling flickered and the ground shook .
te	O	Tucker 's training as a U.S. Army Ranger was always at the ready , but it was particularly necessary this morning .
te	O	Kristy squealed through the phone , and Caroline smiled at her reaction .
te	O	I said the words more to myself , and I believed them because I needed to .
te	I	Her father came in , and the cell door opened .
te	I	Their fingers laced , and she took his hand .
te	I	A doctor was trying to restart his heart , and there was a strange man on the gurney .
te	O	Lauda 's brother was grinning widely , but then , he wasn 't the one who 'd had to eat the horrendous meat .
te	I	The promise of trouble in them only compounded her instinct to dismiss him as a possible candidate , and her eyes met Mr. Neville 's .
te	O	Mark had changed , and it wasn 't the full moon .
te	O	She pushed her whole small arm through and she pointed down at the tall man .
te	O	They looked to him , and Johnny understood that .
te	I	He didn 't care but she was pretty toasted .
te	O	I debated asking him whether he knew David , but he spoke before I could decide .
te	I	I heard the music and the door was unlocked .
te	O	It isn 't much of a life , but it is the only one I know .
te	O	Riley was another of his sister 's friends , but Joe liked him as much as Gail did .
te	I	I sucked in a painful breath in response and her words were pretty mean .
te	I	She sat up and her binds fell to the side .
te	O	I 'm not exactly a shorty at five ten , but this man has to be at least six five .
te	I	It looked like the door handle was not functional , but the other door was intact .
te	I	So she thought -- or she 'd found someplace to hide from him .
te	I	You said you left a message on our home phone because nobody picked up , and you found out about your father from the hospital people .
te	O	Rolling my eyes , I stepped out of the changing room , but she was still in her changing room .
te	I	His eyes were bloodshot , and his face was clammy .
te	O	I sweep my lips over hers , and an involuntary groan wrenches from me .
te	I	He puts his mouth to mine and his eyes go soft .
te	I	She blinked them away , but tears filled her eyes .
te	I	I unlatched it because he deserved an explanation , and I expected a tap on my window tonight .
te	O	As the words escape Andrew 's lips , it clicks , but still it is beyond comprehension .
te	I	My feet ache when they touch the cold ground again , and my shoes are already soaked through from checking the tires .
te	I	His hand automatically plunged under the plaid and he groped with his fingers for something salient .
te	I	His hands tightened into fists , and his eyes , though , darkened a few shades .
te	O	She ached to give him what he craved , but first he 'd have to submit to his own dark desires .
te	O	He thought he was helping me , but instead had only made my life more difficult .
te	I	My cheeks felt hot , and the hallway seemed too quiet after she 'd gone .
te	I	I wondered if he would taste just as good as he smelled , and he was mouthwatering .
te	O	I was wide awake and I was hungry .
te	I	She kept the fire burning inside , but finally , Gretel scampered off the grill .
te	I	More were heading that way , and there was a crowd gathered ahead of them .
te	I	I 'm sure the presence of a tiger outside doesn 't help , and this is a huge job .
te	I	I turned away , and the drawing of a gate in Tartarus made me shiver .
te	I	Callum pressed his ear to the door marked 203 and I could hear the muffled sounds of humans talking .
te	I	The whole structure rocked side to side and he rammed his shoulder against the cage in an effort to reach her .
te	O	At least the images had finally stopped shifting through his head and he had some clarity of thought .
te	O	I have seen four beautiful children in my dreams and this could be a reality .
te	O	A knock sounds on the passenger window , and I jump .
te	O	It 's weak , but it 's there .
te	O	Lunch would be involved , but that wasn 't the focus .
te	I	The agent saw it and it was enough to stop Thomas .
te	I	It looks it , but it isn 't new .
te	O	By afternoon the calls had slowed , and I had time to even think again , snatching time for a sandwich at my desk .
te	O	Her fingertips were cool against his overheated skin , but her kisses burned hot .
te	O	Chapter 5 The sun was already below the horizon but you really couldn 't tell with the overcast in the sky .
te	I	She stepped closer to the warmth of the fire , and goose bumps covered her skin .
te	O	Dillon had wondered why he saw smoke in the distance and now he knew .
te	O	Jace 's drawing skills might have been poor , but his strategy was faultless .
te	O	Then he looked at her , and his heart squeezed with pain .
te	O	Odd kept smiling , though , and it drove the villagers mad .
te	I	In silence I flew through the air and the roar deafened me .
te	O	He had darker hair , but it was instantly clear where Trey had gotten his smile .
te	O	I don 't know why but I felt that I had to protect her .
te	O	The front door opened and Rush came walking in .
te	O	The rain had slacked off and a blue sky had broken through , which was wonderfully in keeping with Reuben , s mood .
te	O	She had accepted a lot on faith , but how could he tell her , again , that he would be leaving her .
te	I	Ghirardelli Square was in the same location as in 2066 , and the major streets had retained their names in the future .
te	O	When she came back , her eyes were red but she was back to normal .
te	I	A bare bulb offered meager illumination , and I pulled on a hanging chain .
te	O	A quarter of an hour went by , and the black wall hadn 't moved a bit .
te	O	I push my hand into the tunnel wall and it passes through .
te	I	The rest of us appreciated it , but Lawson was already out of earshot .
te	O	His dick thought different , but then it had always had a mind of its own .
te	O	Some people will do anything for money , and some people will pretend to do anything for money .
te	O	This was a new sensation for him and it was intriguing .
te	O	I looked at her with a wary eye , and then with placid fingers I opened it to the middle .
te	I	The creature peered up , and the monk peered down .
te	I	She raced along the dark , deserted hallways , floating above the floor , and instincts guided her like an arrow .
te	O	A long lunch could easily be covered with an extra hour elsewhere , and my work wasn 't terribly interdependent on my co-workers .
te	I	She was a day away from her 26th birthday and there was a girl flying from LA to NYC .
te	O	Our eyes met , and I smiled a little .
te	I	The opposite side was extra slick , and the adhesive side was extra sticky .
te	I	He would reward them for their service , and they had all pledged their loyalty to him .
te	I	He brushed a strand of hair out of my face and his eyes softened .
te	I	Josie blinked , and Hannah demanded .
te	I	That was it , but there had been one letter .
te	I	The intensity in his eyes almost makes me buckle and I finally look at him .
te	I	Hannah felt certain it was forced , but he gave her a winning smile .
te	O	Her blue-green eyes were glassy and her pink lips glowed .
te	I	She used the stick like a cane and he put his arm around her waist .
te	I	He 'd never admit it to me , but I think he 's up to something .
te	I	She dropped her weight back on him and he tickled the inside of her arms .
te	O	She had finished her business and the scream sealed the curse .
te	I	He was bellowing with rage , and his eyes were streaming tears .
te	O	He held her too tightly but he couldn 't let go .
te	O	At first she thought he was displeased , but she quickly realized he was more sentimental than hurt .
te	O	Then Ms. Nakamoto let us go for the morning , and Will didn 't even give me a proper good-bye .
te	I	I could still touch my right hand with my fingers , but my gloves were gone , wrists tied to two separate wooden posts .
te	O	Rand opened his mouth to speak but no words would come .
te	I	I went outside and I finally left my class at eleven twenty .
te	O	She was glad he had finally gone and she could get back to the hotel .
te	O	The deep need to make this bone whole again consumed me , and I couldn 't ignore it .
te	O	Alex was still learning his way around horses , but when it came to driving , especially under difficult road conditions , he knew his stuff .
te	I	She found herself backing away from the door , but Sam 's eyes widened incredulously at the threat .
te	I	It often attracts mom 's attention and this is not an easy thing to do .
te	I	We rode in the elevator entangled and Marcus threw money at the cabby .
te	I	Her soul was light as gossamer , a spiders web in a wind , anchored only by a single thread but her eyelids were heavy .
te	I	They show their gratitude and we help them .
te	O	He held up what he carried and Dean began to laugh .
te	I	Josh couldn 't be sure , but her shrug looked a little forced .
te	I	Hannah had enjoyed every minute of it , and the night had been such fun .
te	I	He was taking out a night dive , but I 'd have asked Macon for the ride first .
te	O	Someone made a garbled announcement over a megaphone , and a second wave peaked .
te	I	Me , only the plants I would leave could remember and I didn 't want anyone to know what it had been , the space .
te	O	My lungs burn more and I exhale .
te	O	I need for you to commit to me , but I can see that you have yet to decide .
te	I	The engine started as he approached and the driver 's door popped open .
te	I	We 're back in Madeline 's family room , and it 's later that same night .
te	O	I have the resources and I have the ability .
te	O	As if on cue her phone began to ring again , and she jammed her thumb against the off button .
te	O	Her face suddenly shined with a radiant smile , but Damian wasn 't fooled .
te	O	He had made his stand , and she respected him for it .
te	O	I told him I would never respect myself otherwise and Natasha 's treatment of me was proof positive that my colleagues wouldn 't respect me either .
te	O	The wings had vanished , but they would be back .
te	O	We waited , but nothing happened .
te	O	I still live in one but I love it .
te	O	It would have been less than a month since they Rebooted , and it took most much longer to accept what had happened to them .
te	I	He shook his head and Dimitri 's laughter stopped .
te	O	I clap harder but the feeling persists .
te	I	The rest will be finished ASAP and your leave papers are all here .
te	O	He was wearing long black robes , and in his right hand he held a large red ruby , which he seemed to be examining .
te	O	The words were hard to form , painful , but I was a caster .
te	O	Everyone else was , but you weren 't surprised at all .
te	O	She didn 't think so , but she didn 't want to unsettle him if he wasn 't ready for it .
te	I	She was startled by the look of intense pride on his face and she glanced over at the man who was also looking out the window .
te	O	I could sense he was about to say he needed to get back behind the counter , and I didn 't want that to happen .
te	O	Maybe he thought it might have looked like a loving embrace from the road , and there were no pedestrians on this pavement .
te	I	It was definitely not the news , but although I did have to admit to myself that it was actually very well done .
te	O	She panted , and because of the chains he could feel that she was on the brink .
te	I	Nadia realized that she was about to be asked to leave , and mom rose from the couch .
te	O	Her eyes grew hot and she felt like she might explode .
te	O	His eyes were no longer dry and I could see his pain .
te	O	Sure I played the part with my parents , engaging in endless discussions about SATs and campus tours .
te	O	Maybe Sean was watching me and I simply couldn 't tell from his mysterious exterior .
te	O	Soon it was far more than an hour and I knew I was running out of time .
te	I	He didn 't , but he could have hidden himself .
te	I	There was still a low buzz , but the chatter died down a bit .
te	O	His face was set to blank and his eyes were glued to the warrior .
te	O	We go home and it 's over ?
te	I	They didn 't move but Laci pushed against his shoulders .
te	O	Larry put a hand behind his back and it suddenly reappeared with a red rose .
te	I	It 's so sturdy it don 't even bounce but I test it with my foot .
te	I	We 'll talk later , but I must go now .
te	I	You have to tell the police , but I know you 're scared .
te	I	I thought it was sweet , but gods , how she hated it .
te	I	The trap was heavy , making it very slow going to get the trap up to the boat and the rope was slippery .
te	O	He went through his normal routine , but when he got there he wasn 't able to make contact with the usual drug dealer .
te	I	I can see the irony of it all and a veil of darkness blankets my eyes .
te	I	A greenish light flared beneath her fingers , and her bloodied palm slapped against the stones .
te	I	Soon they 'd be gone and she loved both of them .
te	I	Already he missed her , but he wasn 't sure what he was going to do about it .
te	I	I turned to challenge her , and Delores 's roar stopped me .
te	I	He stood there , staring at the door and the door closed .
te	I	He 's bending toward me and Gavin 's eyes are twinkling .
te	I	It was long enough that the water started to cool , but Ford didn 't know how long they stayed like that .
te	O	It 's like I remember , and it makes me smile because it 's comforting .
te	I	I use my jacket as a shield , yet it 's a warm night for January , upper fifties .
te	I	I guessed that was because he didn 't want to wake me up , and he moved very slowly .
te	I	They 'd enjoy a good laugh on the walk back together and he 'd bump into Jimmy along the route .
te	O	The officer came up from behind him and I 'm sure he thought it was another student jumping on him .
te	O	It was the day following our visit with Princess Alexandra , and I was beyond anxious to begin the Ashton investigation .
te	I	His dark eyes flashed determination , but Eric rarely took a stand .
te	O	I sit on the edge of my bed , and Damien joins me .
te	O	Riding a horse at a steady trot is a simple task , but the simplicity makes the task all the harder to remain focused on .
te	O	Her eyes rounded in horror , and she bolted from the room .
te	O	First there are freakin ' vampires outside , and he just said something about a witch .
te	I	I wanted to go with her and she wanted to go the same direction I was going .
te	I	I 'd devoured them , and he 'd fixed me two tortillas .
te	O	My magic was pulsating and my senses were heightened .
te	O	I 'd cried at the intensity of our lovemaking before , but this time it was different .
te	I	The snow had made most of it wet , but they found plenty of dead wood .
te	O	Give us a couple of weeks and we 'll have at least a dozen forts blocking off this pass .
te	O	Randall raised his glass just a touch higher , but David thought he saw a brief glance down at Ellie .
te	O	The wall drops away beneath us and we are flying through the air .
te	O	Cassie stepped forward , and the others followed .
te	I	They 're quite a bit longer than ours and their spears are called ' lances , ' .
te	O	I can 't forget my childhood and I can 't erase the scars .
te	O	Henry struggled to regain it , but it rose beyond his reach .
te	I	I had almost no idea of how to do it but I had often thought of how I might make my way to the prairie .
te	O	She gave me her good hand and I pulled her to her feet .
te	O	He was the first that knew outside of her abductors ' circle , and he had seen enough to connect the dots .
te	I	His voice was steady , but a snarl twisted his mouth .
te	O	Only one other table was occupied by a couple finishing their meal , and it was blissfully quiet .
te	I	Her promise to give him her answer after the races at Doncaster , and Ainsley ended with Cameron 's sudden visit to Balmoral .
te	O	Max opens her door for her and they head inside the church .
te	O	When I die , which will be soon - and no , don 't say that it won 't .
te	O	* * * Burnett drove in silence , but kept looking back in the rearview mirror .
te	I	I order your death and you only so much as raise your voice in my Healer 's presence !
te	O	She 'd wanted adventure and she 'd found it .
te	O	My cheeks are wet with tears and I absently trace the word help into the wet dirt .
te	O	I didn 't know anything about Fate , but there was something wrong if she wasn 't controlling herself .
te	I	Something about it made me stop , but the others passed through without hesitation .
te	I	Spencer would offer to pull it down with a lasso and Ali could probably ask for the moon right now .
te	O	For more than three hours they 'd been on this road with no apparent end in sight and the dragon seemed more than comfortable continuing .
te	O	She had expected to find him asleep , but he was sitting up , his back braced against the rosewood headboard .
te	I	It was a losing battle , but he struggled to regain some sort of control over his lust .
te	O	I guess things went down and I was the only person on the island when it happened .
te	I	His other hand touched my thigh , and I turned .
te	I	The whole school shuddered , and she stamped her foot .
te	I	A rough plan flashed through his mind , but there was no time to really strategize .
te	O	On some planets , the shipyards are out in the open , but it 's too cold for that in this part of New Terra .
te	O	His jaw goes slack and I 'd be willing to bet he got a hard-on instantly .
te	O	That was no longer a foolproof system , but we didn 't have a better option .
te	O	He let the shorts drop and he took my breath away .
te	O	He could think of several ways she could be good to him , and none of them involved clothes .
te	I	There he was and he didn 't wait to be asked twice .
te	O	She stared at the display , realizing it wasn 't some fancy screen saver , but the computer was running a program .
te	O	He wanted to see Maria desperately and he wanted to find his mom .
te	O	Deckard pressed it and the door began to revolve .
te	I	Now both seemed equally annoyed at my interruption , and both looked at me critically .
te	I	I know nothing about you , and you know everything about me .
te	I	There was no lack in that department , and she dealt with the women , too .
te	O	A soft knock on the door drew her out of her reverie , and she turned , flinging it open to find Jem on the threshold .
te	O	He reopened his pants , but if he thought they going in for round two after that , he was crazy .
te	I	The metal dug into my skin , and I tried to pull my wrists apart .
te	I	It didn 't matter whether he made it out alive , but I could have dragged him clear first .
te	O	In my numb haze , I couldn 't make out the words , but I could picture them well enough .
te	O	He kept checking the rear view mirror and I was sure I could hear him humming to himself , another first .
te	O	The temperatures were now in the mid seventies , and there hardly was a cloud in the sky .
te	I	It seemed he was only ignorant of the risk , but she had thought he might be a bold soul , flouting the general fear of Thiago .
te	I	Catfish was hesitant but Jacobs joined him .
te	I	I got the distinct impression she was thrilled about who was walking her back and Carly smiled .
te	O	Cassidy asked , and I didn 't blame her for being curious .
te	I	You may not be , either - but he may not be safe at thirty paces away .
te	I	I am part of the dark and he sees in the dark .
te	I	Then , from the corner of her eye , she saw movement , but at first , she saw nothing .
te	O	They 'd know , from now on , that bad things could happen , and they could happen fast , while you weren 't even paying attention .
te	I	I didn 't leave him hanging even though his words rubbed me the wrong way and he put his hand in the air .
te	I	It wasn 't even as if this were the first time she 'd seen him , and she knew what naked men looked like .
te	O	Dad 's face glowed red , and his hair stood on end .
te	I	He surrounded her with his arms and without thinking she leaned into him .
te	I	At least the environment sounded fun , but the work sounded less interesting from what Riley had told me .
te	I	She 's simply glowing with happiness , and she turns around .
te	O	He 's right to doubt me , but I remain outwardly firm .
te	I	As the expression on her face changed , a strange feeling of disappointment passed through him , and her gaze locked on another sight .
te	O	The woods were quite extensive , and there was very little undergrowth .
te	O	I tried to sound accusatory , but I ended up smiling .
te	O	Suddenly a man 's figure appeared in the opening , and he began moving in our direction on all fours .
te	O	Nobody called that phone after work unless it was important , and I was expected to answer no matter where I was .
te	O	Two steps back and it righted itself again .
te	O	The silence had held in the hallway for a short time and Adam broke it .
te	I	He finally remembered and Ken looked around .
te	O	Her heart thumped a little faster and she tasted blood on her tongue .
te	O	Images of the plaza appeared , but the distance was such that no faces could be seen .
te	I	I heard her whispering and she couldn 't speak .
te	O	The darkness stabbed at the dome , but they vanished one by one .
te	I	She took an unconscious step back and he stalked closer .
te	O	They were indeed happy together and she was an astute manager , not just because of what she could see that other people couldn 't .
te	I	It was directly because of my actions and he was hurt .
te	I	He shifted in his seat and Mr. Shilling 's eyes flickered to Kate .
te	O	My mother had pushed me into the school band and the only instrument not taken was that .
te	I	I 'm afraid , but I want to volunteer to go ahead of him , to test the waters .
te	I	Brianna laughed and Emily eased out of the embrace a little more .
te	I	Hilda followed as quickly as possible , but Lea managed to get away to recover from the blow to her body .
te	I	When she yanked out the check , her eyes went wide , then turned into pissed-off slits and Megan opened her envelope .
te	O	Please , just let me get into my apartment and I 'll be safe .
te	I	For some reason , it disturbed Michael ; and this was a very , unusual behavior .
te	I	Those were expensive , but I could get a replacement .
te	I	The sky was dark gray and it had started to rain .
te	I	It could help y ' all drum up some business , and I figured it would help the bookstore get some business .
te	I	Her hands , and her mouth shook .
te	O	I poured fire onto them until they were charred hunks of meat and my spells were exhausted .
te	O	Dad simply nodded , and we went back to our searching .
te	O	That night the moon was very bright , and one could see a great way down in the water .
te	O	Her flesh clamped around their delicious invasion , but it was him she needed inside her .
te	O	The clatter of pans was normally welcome to his ears , but his headache magnified the sound to an uncomfortable volume .
te	O	He knew how upset you were with your father , and he was worried .
te	O	Dylan didn 't say anything and I wondered if he was wavering .
te	O	Albert opened the door and they went inside .
te	O	Separately they each wandered off to the nursery to admire young Harrison , yet both men could only focus on one person -- Mary Ellen .
te	I	It wasn 't fast enough , but he was making good ground .
te	O	She opens her eyes , but they stare out at nothing .
te	I	I wasn 't imagining it , and I shook it off only moments later to hear steps on the patio .
te	I	Doing so would be useless , but Sheridan wanted to .
te	I	The lot for the first watch fell to Gimli , and they now drew lots for the watches .
te	I	It didn 't matter , but I couldn 't remember the long list Sir Albion had once written for me .
te	O	Jon often spoke of those things , but she had never really listened .
te	I	They still looked at each other in the same attitude , and he received it gravely .
te	I	Her face went soft and she nodded to me .
te	O	I feel like the more I know of him , the more hidden layers I discover , and they 're not all pretty .
te	O	The North feeling isolated , with a starving population , was left with no alternative but to join in the chaos consuming the globe .
te	I	Both of them laid back to sleep and at which point they put the cards away .
te	O	I don 't know whether to blame him for that , but he didn 't tell her .
te	O	We both straightened and I stepped back .
te	I	I ignored it but I heard something in my shoulder pop .
te	I	Eventually I just broke , sobbing softly into my hands , but I fought it for a while , trying to keep myself a little numb .
te	O	Declan pushed against the back wall , and it opened .
te	I	I could sense it , but he didn 't tell me this .
te	I	The moon was playing with the clouds and the stairs were shining .
te	O	She 'd been trying so hard this time , and yet someone had snuck up on her .
te	I	It slowly evolves into a mindless stagger , but Uneasy at first given the agony my back is already in .
te	I	Still rising and after a minute they were well above the top of the enemy .
te	I	She brought her chin down to make the movement a nod , but when Grams moved her head , it jerked to the left .
te	O	He was gripping her shoulders so tightly she thought he would break her bones -- and he was threatening to do much worse .
te	I	She wasn 't looking at me , and he had his arm around her .
te	O	You already know him , Victoria , and in fact , here they are .
te	O	The college needs to fill its coffers by citing a fairytale , and this is as good as it gets for most people .
te	O	He was freaking her out and she was struggling to hide it .
te	I	He was going to do it down Ty 's throat , and he was going to come .
te	I	Sound exploded around him , and Cory hit the ground with a jolt .
te	O	He threw the knife and I had to use all my strength to dodge it .
te	I	I didn 't try to hide it , but I heard the anger in my voice .
te	I	Rourke took the other and I took one of the proffered linens from his outstretched hands .
te	I	She would have remembered beautiful eyes like that , but his eyes looked so familiar .
te	I	Flying with falsified passports was always risky , and there were too many people to keep an eye on .
te	O	Jerry was suddenly vacillating , but probably leaning toward no .
te	I	It suddenly struck her what had been worrying her all along , and the boy squealed as Lizzie laughed at them playing .
te	I	Eventually we were married , and we grew to know each other .
te	I	It surprised her , and she 'd never heard Rex talk that way before .
te	O	It was warm and the sun was high in the sky .
te	I	Men began to emerge onto the roof of the Grey Tower , and the bells continued to ring .
te	I	She never forgot that and they eventually drove her to her death .
te	O	Tristan tried to touch the bruise but he could barely raise his hand .
te	O	She was being led to the ominous sounding Observation Rooms where her potential would be measured and she would be prepared for entry into the psychic battery .
te	O	She didn 't pull away but the vulnerability was visible in her gaze .
te	I	A cringe of pity flipped through his heart and the water was still knee deep on the floor .
te	I	He confessed it all himself , quite rightly , when I put it to all the captains , and there was no harm done .
te	O	Graham was human , after all , and humans were curious .
te	I	Turned toward the jungle , searching for a way inland , and he rolled his sleeping mat , burying the dead fire under sand .
te	O	There is evidence pointing to a second presence at the scene , but the police don 't want to push the matter .
te	I	Though he saved my life a threat had been established between us that did not end until I left Mars , and he was out there also .
te	I	The streets all seemed empty of tourists , and it was late .
te	I	She positively rattled when she tried to draw in air , and her head was so heavy she couldn 't lift it .
te	O	I guess there 's a lot more that I could say about today but I 'm not going to say it now .
te	I	She was alive again , and she was still with him .
te	I	I 'm sure you can work that out , and I was told you should simply rely on wifi .
te	I	He was not omniscient , but the Emperor had many powers .
te	I	The Germans had marched through her village weeks ago , and Mathieu wasn 't a soldier .
te	I	She looked away , giving the impression that she had been looking at me shyly and I looked over to her .
te	I	I saw those that 'd been killed standing beside me in that reflection , and I saw my reflection in the black tar .
te	O	Damien frowned , and Julia knew that he was sensing her conflicted feelings .
te	O	It put a huge responsibility on the museums that held them and the security became state of the art .
te	I	We could start the training immediately , and this would be perfect .
te	I	She nursed it for twenty minutes before deciding it was time to leave and it was a pretty blue color in a tall glass with an umbrella .
te	I	The journey to the truck would be arduous , and the guy wasn 't small .
te	O	Understanding flashed across his face , and he eased back into our first conversation .
te	I	She realised it was the first time either of them had spoken of the future , and there was a pause .
te	O	During the day he 's Brandon Boner , and the world is in love with him .
te	O	He heard the voice , familiar , sweet , and he stopped writhing , heat suddenly forgotten .
te	I	She didn 't press him , but Kate looked suspicious .
te	O	Well there are other requirements too but they are relatively easier to take care of so I don 't really bother with them .
te	I	I missed him so much , and he was my best friend .
te	I	It seemed the perfect place for me but to call it grotty would be to do it a kindness .
te	I	I 'm able to wriggle free and his grip on my wrists loosens .
te	O	Now Sanchez was beginning to look uncomfortable , and he interjected .
te	O	They still have a long way to go and she might be sleepy .
te	O	Phoenix grinned at me with this huge , boyish smile and I had to fall in love with him just a little bit more .
te	I	He could not reach for it , but his staff lay at his side .
te	O	He looked confused , and then realization dawned .
te	O	I turned to stare at him and he looked down at me .
te	O	She hated to ever feel weak , but the shaking wouldn 't stop .
te	O	She hadn 't known her vampire very long , but she couldn 't imagine her life without him .
te	O	She 'd also coordinated his battle movements and because of that alone , he 'd been able to slay four , four , death vampires .
te	I	Lina pushed her away , but Eta tried to bite Lina 's neck .
te	I	It was like stepping back in time , yet everything in the house seemed so still .
te	I	She resigned herself to his presence , and his smile conveyed a timeless sensation .
te	I	She gave it a gentle squeeze , and Josie 's hand grabbed my shoulder .
te	I	Again I 'm shocked at my reaction to him and his smoky voice makes my heart patter to life .
te	O	It was a little deeper than usual and I wasn 't sure where he 'd picked it up from .
te	I	It could have been a charred stick for all he noticed , but he should taste the fine , pressed leaves seasoned with brandy .
te	I	I could hear the grin in his voice , but he wasn 't facing me .
te	I	Tension so thick I could cut it with a knife , and there was an obvious history between them .
te	I	A faded blue title card appeared on the screen : Short Subject , and a beam of light stabbed the darkness .
te	I	All love I 'd experience in the future and I 'd question any .
te	O	I didn 't know the reception number , but this bloke said he could remember it .
te	O	The driver 's door was open and the cab was lit .
te	O	Anger exploded inside of me and I could barely think .
te	I	A car can fit , but looks like an alley .
te	O	Tate drove them to the hospital in record time , but the ride was far from smooth .
te	O	The orange glow overtakes him completely and suddenly , he has a plan .
te	I	It made her almost scoot off the floor , and she didn 't expect what he did next .
te	O	The wind sang softly as it rushed by and grains of sand leaped into the air to form a hazy cloud .
te	O	He stood with his back to the tree and his arms wrapped around the trunk behind him .
te	I	When it was such a schoolboy error , he couldn 't forgive himself , but it was one thing falling for a bluff .
te	O	There was a movement by a side door , and a slim figure in a swirling crimson caftan emerged .
te	I	Clary was grateful she existed , making the world a little fiercer with every one of her smiles , and Isabelle was Isabelle .
te	I	Ted could feel himself starting to slip into unconsciousness and as his rage mounted , Joe squeezed ever harder .
te	O	He couldn 't believe it , and yet , he knew better than to disregard it .
te	O	Liz felt every breath he took , and they came quickly .
te	O	My feet ache from so many hours of dancing -- and I should be tired enough to sleep for a week .
te	I	She found the superhuman strength of the zombie 's attack impossible to overcome , but Melody tried to shove back .
te	I	He was seeing that now , and he had heard the stories of the Warden 's time in the Marines , some kind of legendary Infantry leader .
te	O	I 'm still telling myself that when I hear voices again , and one of them is much lower .
te	I	I wanted to ask him what those were , and he had lips painted on his left arm .
te	O	Prisoners weren 't loosed from any prisons , but the American people sure were .
te	O	She tried to sweep the ache aside , put it behind her , but it was hard to do .
te	O	The wide bed was at her back , and Cameron 's warm , solid body was on top of hers .
te	I	Now the natural curl was breaking free and the rain had washed out his hair .
te	O	She still didn 't look too pleased about his decision , but at least she was willing to accept his reasoning .
te	O	I ran to the window of barn , and I jumped .
te	I	The room seemed empty , but he gently pushed the door fully open , standing to one side for cover .
te	O	A hard tug opened the heavy , carved outside door , and then I was free .
te	O	She looked pale , and it bothered him .
te	I	Raphael 's grip was like steel , but she tried to pull herself free .
te	I	He could take an educated guess , but Magnus couldn 't hear what he was saying .
te	I	A stranger in a small town would garner attention , but Scotland would give him a huge area in which to hide .
te	I	Yama noticed , and Gerald frowned .
te	I	I heard everything unfiltered , from the roar of the ship 's engines to my thudding heart beat and all sounds were painful to bear .
te	O	She wore a green pantsuit , and silver glasses covered her face .
te	I	Ant 's partner appeared not to notice , but Trish shifted her weight from one high heel to the other .
te	O	Sean dropped the spatula , and grease flew .
te	O	Dirk couldn 't swear by it , but it was almost as if Carpenter felt sorry for him .
te	I	I saw a white Peugeot crossing over the road , moving straight towards us , and we both swiveled towards the direction of the sound .
te	O	He gazed at me with sadness , but it was obvious his mind was already set .
te	O	For the first time Caroline saw Joe with horses , and another element of his character fell into place .
te	I	The crowd dispersed , many talking about how well played the execution was and the curtains rolled back into place .
te	O	Everyone she knew was terrified of him , and there was no one out there to help them .
te	O	This rang true , and it chilled me .
te	I	I didn 't want to find out , and I didn 't know how well someone could sling magic while steering .
te	I	I 'd healed thanks to my new powers , but I 'd been scratched with her blade .
te	O	She got the whole unhappy about her knowing their truth part , but that seemed personal .
te	O	It smelled of her perfume and he decided he liked that .
te	I	Not the night 's , but the car 's momentum would 've carried them a little further .
te	I	She held him off , but he reached for her .
te	I	She just kept cutting , but Emma grabbed her wrist .
te	I	I didn 't have to , but I was just about to ask her if she 'd seen Ryder .
te	I	I crouch down behind the rail of the parapet , pulling Elise with me , and Will hands Henry to me .
te	O	Even the yard had turned into a jungle , and I didn 't doubt Mom had fired the lawn service I 'd hired for her .
te	I	To my astonishment I found that Mustapha Khan had been trying to get in touch with me , and I checked the number .
te	I	She didn 't know how to stop him , but frightened , she didn 't want to be alone .
te	I	Today I had an agenda , but I would figure out what to tell them all eventually .
te	I	I guessed it had to do with the bandages he wore , but I wasn 't sure what she meant .
te	O	She started to get up and Damien 's hand clasped down hard on her wrist .
te	O	They think I 'm crazy , that I 've spent too much time alone up north and it 's affected me .
te	O	I lean back into the sofa cushion and Marceline begins rocking again .
te	O	She cries out and her ass flexes , her thighs tightening around my head .
te	I	What was the likelihood that there were two ghosts following Maddy around , but he 'd brought us here , to her ?
te	O	The name rang faint bells and I struggled to recall the context .
te	O	Thoughts of Anna rushed through Steven 's mind , and he decided his brother might be right .
te	O	It was indeed after six ... and that was no doubt the reason for the continued gnawing in her stomach .
te	I	The salty taste of the sea on his tongue tasted like an elixir , and the cool water on his face felt like a blessing .
te	O	I couldn 't concentrate on writing , and Alexander needed a break from painting .
te	O	The Commands themselves were simple to say , but providing the right mental impulse was difficult .
te	O	I saw his fist coming at me but I couldn 't move to block it .
te	O	I kept thinking about how dark and spooky it was there - so much so that I started seeing shadows in my room .
te	I	Julie didn 't fight it , and Ethan 's hold became stronger .
te	O	He understood what would be required of him , and he 'd changed in the ways he thought he needed .
te	O	Touch them , and you die .
te	I	I just have to say them regardless , but sometimes I say things that are embarrassing .
te	O	I shot Rachel a look over Carol 's head , and she only smiled .
te	O	The building itself wasn 't too big , but it wasn 't small either .
te	I	The white lines in his hair began to glow softly blue , like before , and his long hair spilled out around us .
te	I	We 'd gotten the new Walker , but some injuries , some bruises .
te	O	It is known as the Darkness that is not Darkness and the Black Lord Under the Mountain .
te	I	Now she had it and she 'd wanted control .
te	O	Ransom shrugged it off but his brother was right .
te	I	Maybe he stored it in the garage , but Nolan 's car wasn 't in the driveway .
te	O	My skin burned with the suddenness of it , but I didn 't care at all .
te	O	He looked for her but he could not see her in the shadows .
te	I	She 'd ignored him , needing somehow to feel more in control than she actually was , but she 'd spotted Travis mowing the lawn earlier .
te	O	We have complete control over our minds , and we utilize it to our advantage .
te	I	Her short blond ponytail bounced behind her and she walked around into Kara 's room .
te	I	The engine didn 't roll over , but I stuck the key in the ignition .
te	O	For a brief moment his arms tightened on her , and then , ever so slowly , his grip relaxed .
te	O	By the time they were finished it was dark and she was ready to get home .
te	O	Her faraway gaze was directed at him , but he knew she didn 't see him .
te	I	It was still over too quickly , but that round had been undeniably satisfying .
te	O	I felt hands on either side of my shoulders , and still I wasn 't afraid .
te	I	The machine guns of the armored vehicles would carry the day against anything they would encounter but no tanks had been appropriated .
te	O	I watched what they were guarding , and I watched what they weren 't .
te	I	She raced over to him , and all thoughts of the dating disaster left her .
te	I	I know eventually it will turn black , but we head across the desert , the sky a light grey .
te	I	Eventually , she heard the footsteps recede down the hallway and she didn 't answer the door , preferring the coward 's way out .
te	I	That wasn 't something Acheron would normally admit to but it was Acheron 's voice .
te	O	I know this because I have friends who aren 't afraid to speak about their feelings , and no one I know feels the way I do .
te	I	She tried to remember what Aurora had said about her plans and the house was quiet when she walked in .
te	I	I listen again , and Aston 's expression darkens slightly .
te	O	He counted eight pats , but he had lost his momentum .
te	I	I had no idea how I was going to get there , but I knew the goal .
te	I	One glanced towards the sheriff , and they looked at each other .
te	I	I had to hide them from everyone but he said I should be proud of them .
te	O	His eyes closed again , but his grip on the stone didn 't loosen .
te	O	My eyes water immediately , and it 's all I can do not to collapse to my knees .
te	O	I wished there was a humble settlement right around the corner where welcoming strangers would invite us in , but we were alone .
te	O	She bit her lip , and he watched the movement curiously .
te	I	Some inherent instinct told me not to push it , but I wanted to tell him that I could walk .
te	I	Some had sifted through the air like fine snow , but most of the salt had hit its intended target .
te	I	Rich didn 't mind , but listening to only one half of the conversation put him at a distinct disadvantage .
te	O	Pain shot in the back of her eyes and she closed them , wishing for relief .
te	O	His hand tightens around mine , and for a moment , I feel my fingers mimicking his .
te	I	It would take hours , but I could probably find her .
te	I	At least it is a plan for now , but it isn 't the best plan .
te	I	She was terrified of falling off the charging beast , but she gripped him so hard that her muscles ached .
te	I	The next he was being dragged back down to the black depths , and one moment Nate was riding the tide toward a state of awareness .
te	O	Some women were meant to find love , but apparently she wasn 't one of them .
te	O	Searing illumination was reflecting off the white floor , and Jenny shut her eyes as that floor seemed to come up to meet her .
te	O	There was a pause , and I cupped her cheek , smoothing my thumb over the delicate bone .
te	O	Sophia was freaking out and that has me worried .
te	O	I could tell she wanted to tell me , but she fought with what to say .
te	I	She says you 're behind it , and the kids are pissed at Mom .
te	O	Mrs. Somers had contacted Sean 's father with the news , but he had simply said to keep him updated on Sean 's condition .
te	I	Her hopes for the right man to come had not wavered , but at the age of twenty-four , she was still not married .
te	I	The tiger took its turn , and Panicked , without a weapon , Michael stumbled .
te	I	There 's no mistaking what I 'm looking at , but the quality is not good , the image grainy .
te	O	I saw a baby one last year , and it was so tiny !
te	I	He did not look towards them , and his head was bowed .
te	O	He tried to hold his body away from hers , but after the first thirty seconds , he figured what the hell ?
te	I	The place goes wild and as we 're nudging through the crowd , the band howls into a new , faster song .
te	O	He eyes and the soothing way she spoke calmed him .
te	O	He filled her hands and she stroked him gently .
te	I	In Holton , everyone did , and mitch hated everyone knowing his business .
te	I	Those were rare to be found in an arrow , but her guess would be that they were swan feathers .
te	O	That same night , another Valkyrie had shot him through with arrows and still another had mocked his desires .
te	I	I wasn 't finished but he had a point .
te	O	So much depended on the judge 's final verdict , and Sebastian had told him that could swing either way .
te	O	She 'd been waging a battle against tears , but now , in a sudden break , she lost it .
te	I	I heard doors slamming , and the vehicle stopped abruptly .
te	O	The Fates ' spells were still binding and once again , I silently cursed them .
te	I	I can 't make any promises but I can certainly try to help .
te	O	March doesn 't like them , but I think they 're cute , little beverage carts on wheels , equipped with a primitive AI chip .
te	I	Dean wanted more and she tasted sweet .
te	I	His family searched the barn and -30 - From far up the hill I watched as Abelard .
te	O	I can get you something myself but it will take a little time .
te	O	She was lying fully on top of him but she was looking back over her shoulder .
te	O	Daniel rubbed his head , but it didn 't stop the pounding .
te	O	It came as a surprise to me that she still cares for me after all this time , but I can 't change that .
te	O	We had put a lot of walking in today and that foot of his was always in pain .
te	O	My voice was low but my implication was clear .
te	O	The baby is resting quietly and I 'm very tired .
te	I	He pulled into the increasing traffic and the car started with a rumble .
te	I	He shivered with longing as he nodded acknowledgment , and I pointed silently at this evidence of his nature .
te	O	We checked the rest of the apartment , which didn 't take long , but Ryder was nowhere to be found .
te	O	I dropped him hard into his chair , and he winced , rubbing the red marks on his neck .
te	O	I still shook in fear , but a part of me knew what the queen was doing .
te	O	Her concentration wavered and the knockout spell seeped past the cracks in the barricade surrounding the topaz ring .
te	I	The crew was waiting to take over , and the budget on this party had enabled her to splurge on everything , including cleanup .
te	I	I meet his gaze , but he glares at me .
te	I	Set about his task , and he shook himself , grunting .
te	I	I stepped through to the other side , and he opened the door .
te	O	A light sparks in the shadowy blue of Cole 's eyes and for a moment we smile at each other in perfect understanding .
te	I	I looked away and my voice faltered .
te	I	It was up to her to maintain contact , but he lived in a retirement community in Arizona .
te	I	It ended up costing her husband over a million dollars , and everyone was flown in for the week long affair .
te	I	He stood up , presumably to get a better look and he seemed unable to make out anything in the thinning haze .
te	O	It was late and he needed sleep .
te	I	I didn 't pay attention , but Stella said something to Jamie .
te	I	Her eyes were directed at the floor and Jonathan noticed that she was blushing now .
te	I	My head whipped to the side , and his fist connected with my jaw .
te	O	I fired the gun with a loud , deafening ring , and suddenly her head wasn 't there anymore .
te	O	Finder 's hands glowed and wolves appeared in them .
te	I	She knew it and I would marry her at sixteen .
te	I	I pushed down on the gas a little bit more and the sting of anger was sharp .
te	O	The pilot hits the throttle and they begin to lift off .
te	O	When she slipped inside , he would have followed , but she stopped him with a hand on his chest .
te	I	The third stayed to flirt with one of the preppy dudes , but she convinced one of her other friends to head home .
te	O	Victor makes all the speeches , but Alessandro always has his back .
te	O	Her eyes were lit from within and I could see she was scared .
te	O	I expected to see Daemon , but they had gotten him earlier .
te	O	Let pour forth the images one by one and it will be as sensuous as the richest carnal delight .
te	O	He smiled fully and her eyes widened .
te	I	I can 't stop smiling and my heart pounds harder .
te	O	I don 't know how else to say this to you , except that I 'm deep undercover and I have a plan .
te	O	Everyone thinks that I am the strongest one , but I don 't know if I really am .
te	I	You will not , and I have begged you to come back willingly with me .
te	O	I was an emotional burden to those around me , and I didn 't have much to give in return .
te	O	I was just following orders and I didn 't look back .
te	I	I wondered what I 'd said right , and a smile spread across Ava 's face .
te	I	None of us here are really interested in becoming vampires ourselves and we have to be careful , since the vampires are infectious .
te	I	He evidently felt the same about me , and I already disliked that guy .
te	I	His eyes had lost some of their fire but when he looked at her his lips were tight .
te	I	He straightened his shoulders and his eyes widened .
te	O	The bald man grinned at Nicola , but it wasn 't a nice grin .
te	O	The bright afternoon sun struck her eyes as a surprise , and the gust of fresh air was welcome .
te	O	Her movements quicken , and I slow my speed as we approach her apartment complex .
te	I	Weeds of neglect crowded the lane , and ten miles later the road turned to dust .
te	I	She 's gone , but she turns around to her friend .
te	O	His white shirt was soaked all the way through now , and I could see the muscles of his broad chest through the wet fabric .
te	O	My mind flips on again , and I stop begging him to let me go .
te	I	I love that little girl of yours , who I hope you 'll let be my daughter someday and I love you .
te	I	I started to scream , and he hit the floor .
te	I	They felt the slight wind made from its rapidly moving wings and to their surprise they saw a Bee 's shiny fuzzy deep black rear emerge .
te	O	Most of them were missing their target , but he still felt a stab of anger as he looked at his sister 's kind face .
te	I	She never spoke about the man we both thought was my father , and Gina wasn 't even old enough to buy alcohol when she got pregnant .
te	I	His breath caught , and he said again .
te	O	Nate had grown up on a ranch , and it wasn 't difficult to see that this was a place in the midst of fall round-up .
te	I	Humiliation burned deep in his soul , and sharp nails sliced at his wounds .
te	I	She had it coming , but I did this for us , yeah what I did to Macey was a low blow .
te	O	She was being punished and it was a doozy .
te	O	Cade could see Caroline swallow her anger , but she remained quiet .
te	I	Most of them don 't know me but because of that , people know my nicknames .
te	I	She 'd worked for him so long she probably couldn 't get another job , but he took her for granted .
te	I	Running flat out for Solange , but the cat was out of his sight .
te	O	It was more like nothing than something but I guess that wouldn 't matter soon .
te	I	The President had another national address we had to crash but we had our next stop coming up shortly .
te	O	Know that I could make you come , but I won 't .
te	O	Mireille shook her head at me like I was silly and I wondered if , by her standards , I was .
te	I	The room became very quiet when it had done so and the tall woman 's tread died away in the passages .
te	O	Time to expand the operation now , while the Council is hurt , and screw talking peace with them .
te	I	The driver made good time and the road was relatively empty .
te	O	His mouth tightened , but he nodded imperceptibly .
te	I	I laughed , and he pouted .
te	I	The studio monitors shrieked with feedback , and Smoke began to rise steadily from the camera , along with the smell of burning rubber .
te	O	I 'll give you that , but the arrangement called for God 's appearance .
te	O	The airport was now a crime scene but he still had to get out fast .
te	O	Deja vu struck me for the second time , and I almost shivered at it .
te	O	I open my eyes and Luca is with me .
te	O	She made horrible noises and I knew better than to walk in when I heard those kinds of sounds .
te	I	My shoulders straighten and my spine lengthens .
te	I	He had no basis for it , and it was , he said , just a gut feeling .
te	I	For a moment I see my father standing on the threshold , and the door begins to open .
te	I	Claire couldn 't quite get there from here , but Dr. Mills was looking at them in satisfaction .
te	O	He gives the man a ticket and he gives him 3 too soft to be even called tennis balls .
te	O	She couldn 't resist this man , and she was tired of trying to .
te	I	I browse everything , because I never know when I 'll discover something that I didn 't know I liked , but I listen mainly to rock .
te	O	Abraham had come to this place to survive , and it was going to be hard to leave .
te	O	I 'm not blind and I 'm not stupid .
te	I	Men want that , and she 's sweet .
te	O	he asked himself , but for this he had no answer .
te	I	I restrained myself again , but I felt like slamming the receiver against the wall until it broke .
te	O	Christian had been angry but he was also afraid .
te	I	The College will allot you servants and you are to be accorded your titles .
te	O	The grinning didn 't really go with the whole Goth thing , but that was Eve .
te	I	I resisted the urge to question his whereabouts , but to my disappointment , Dylan wasn 't present .
te	I	They exchanged their acceptance vows , and when he had finished the prayers he asked the couple to step forward .
te	O	You have twice plunged a dagger into one of the undead and you are a woman , a puzzle to them .
te	O	A plan had begun to take shape , but he wanted to see the place firsthand .
te	I	We made our way through those handsomely and I had remembered to get beers in .
te	O	The Pageant would ensure Liam and I had a secure future .
te	I	My head crashed against the mattress , and he pulled the pillow out from under me .
te	O	She loved going to Bart 's , they had the best ribs , and Susie has had the best homemade ice cream .
te	O	Jamie had hit his target , and shame burned inside of him .
te	O	I appreciate all that you 've done for us in the past , but I 've been running Saddleback Ranch for the last seven years .
te	I	He preferred talking to her there , in the dark , but had he asked , she would 've invited him inside .
te	I	I resumed my place in the back seat , and I disposed of my empty plastic cup in the garbage on the way to Nevada 's car .
te	I	There were no tears , but I wanted to weep at the sight of me .
te	O	We took a few of the demon janitors prisoner , but we 're having a tough time convincing them to help us .
te	I	It has to be illegal , but I don 't know what he 's into .
te	I	By the time I arrived at the jail there was nothing left to turn , but I was going to turn her .
te	I	A smiled touched her lips , pleased she 'd made him feel awkward and there was an uncomfortable silence from the other end .
te	I	They hustled across the street after Zane helped Liam to his feet and the signal changed .
te	O	Perhaps , I 've been too suspicious lately , but it seems to me that Michael knows more than he says .
te	I	We embraced , and he leaned closer .
te	O	The same dark paneling covered the walls , and bookcases filled with what looked like the same books climbed to the high ceiling .
te	I	By God , that 's what she would do , and Uriel told her to distract the bitch .
te	I	They had all gone out , and I checked the candles .
te	O	Mike felt the arm go limp immediately and blood started to flow down his elbow .
te	I	The lust of it was heavy on him , and long hours in the past days Thorin had spent in the treasury .
te	I	Boats bobbed hypnotically in their slips and gulls wheeled overhead .
te	O	Marcus tries to maneuver the boat closer , but he struggles to hold it in position as the waves knock him around .
te	O	He lost his grip , but the adrenaline flowing through him kept him going .
te	O	When Aros ran out of ammo , he dropped his rifle and they took flight .
te	O	He had cut both sleeves of his pretty jacket off at the elbows and he didn 't look too happy about it .
te	O	It was still standing , but it had been partly burned .
te	I	The room was feeling the calm before the storm and there were only a couple of minutes to go .
te	O	Liam noted that the steering wheel was jammed up under her ribcage , and the front of the car looked like an accordion .
te	I	A hand unconsciously reached for a hatchet and the bearded hunter 's eyes narrowed .
te	I	You managed to get lost from the Guest Suite to your lab , yet you told me that you 've lived in The Hub your whole life .
te	O	It hadn 't been possible after the incident had taken place , and he had just blown his second chance a few minutes ago .
te	O	She looks worried , and even though I 'm not letting on , so am I .
te	I	They don 't use the time they have , but people want to posses more time , dream about eternity .
te	O	Jack stared at him for a long moment , and then his gaze slid slowly past him .
te	I	She hugged me tighter , and I leaned into the crook of her shoulder .
te	I	There were backward looks , but the man walked off .
te	I	None at all was turning out just as bad , but too much ambition might have been a bad thing .
te	O	He may have broken us up , but he also brought us back together .
te	I	Maybe we missed somebody , but we thought we got all of them .
te	O	It was past lunchtime now and still I 'd heard nothing back .
te	O	The crash echoes through the house and I hear my father 's footsteps .
te	I	All seemed quiet out there , but he checked Kane 's camera .
te	I	He was making them and there were plans to be made .
te	O	He knew exactly where he needed to go , and the very landscape he 'd found monotonous two days earlier now seemed familiar , even welcoming .
te	O	The sight still elicited amusement , and if he was honest , it also inspired envy .
te	I	She clutched them together desperately , but I reached over to open her furs .
te	O	The purple hue was lifted and the lighting returned to normal .
te	I	Now he was farther away from the means to determine for certain , and except that she might not be his at all .
te	O	The image of him as a boy standing over those two bloody bodies fil ed my mind , but I didn 't say anything .
te	I	The sky looks purple and the sun is setting .
te	O	She chuckled and the sound was nearly as beautiful as she was .
te	O	I tried ducking into the tunnel , but the walls were pinched shut .
te	I	He welcomed the chance to spend time with Victoria again , and William lived alone in a large apartment with plenty of room .
te	I	Her eyes were moist , and she 'd pleaded .
te	I	Max charged ahead before it took over the meeting , and a worried murmur began to rise .
te	I	Their eyes met and his face turned .
te	I	He didn 't , but he was close enough to touch me .
te	O	He wasn 't appreciating the architecture , but trying to spot any sign of Kai .
te	I	The bacon I 'd eaten was doing funny things in my stomach , and there was a decent crowd out there .
te	O	The tug came again , and she cried out , already so close .
te	I	Kaylin hugged her close , and Avril sat with me , her eyes wet as we waited .
te	I	The room is empty and I flick it on .
te	I	Every inch was like pushing through a sewer pipe and the passage was even tighter now .
te	I	These are close living quarters , and I get that you 're a wild animal .
te	I	I 'm back to instinct , and the puck hits the ice .
te	O	We stared at each other over Mindi 's head , and I knew there 'd been no Lucas for her .
te	I	I had to steady myself before carefully raising a foot over the sill , and the wind took my breath away .
te	O	He heard the glass church door clatter shut and he could no longer hear the baby 's cries .
te	I	The two positioned themselves on either side of the gold totem , and Maggie nodded .
te	I	They eased just as quickly when he squeezed my hand , and nerves hit me again as Christian swung the door open .
te	I	She couldn 't say he 'd hurt her , but he had been wild .
te	I	Sweat is already beading on my skin , and I hear the metallic whine of her zipper .
te	O	She couldn 't and she wouldn 't .
te	I	He started to turn towards Lea , showing his surprised pig face , and that got the attention of the orc .
te	I	He looked at me curiously , and I stood in the doorway .
te	I	They looked at each other , and she felt him pull her closer .
te	O	Kiersten grabbed the keys out of Wes 's hands , and they were gone .
te	I	I started to head towards it , mouth watering , and my eyes locked on a glazed ham that sat enticingly in the center of the table .
te	O	Janey extended a martini to her then , and she took it with a quick nod of thanks .
te	I	I always had to tease them first , and I 've rolled over a lot of them .
te	I	None of them knew what to start with , but they all understood they had to act quickly .
te	O	The laughing had made her cheeks flush and the fighting had made her eyes bright .
te	I	Then again , he 'd hardly been gracious to me in the past , but I didn 't want to take advantage of Blakely .
te	O	Reggie realized that he was nearly yelling and people were looking at him with shock .
te	I	It was a strain to do so , but he answered civilly .
te	I	Mary helped her to disrobe and Susan sat down .
te	O	She made a small sound of protest , yet her hands sought his back to hold him to her .
te	I	I laughed and she grinned .
te	I	It was positively crawling with fleas - and it was a small patch of fur .
te	O	I listen to her cry and it matches with the rhythm of my heart .
te	O	John hoped he hadn 't seriously hurt him but he did what was necessary if Adam was to be believed .
te	O	The kid had his civil head on and he 's not asking for anything unreasonable .
te	I	He could not have that , and they would go for her .
te	O	She glances over her shoulder at me for a moment , still worried , but then she quickly gives all her attention to the computer .
te	I	White icicle lights shimmering from the rafters like a thousand stars , but he flicks on the lights which are no longer the fluorescent .
te	I	She sees more of the world than I do , yet she has not left this room in three years .
te	I	She knew if this legend held any merit , it was necessary for their peace , but she didn 't agree with the purge .
te	I	She reached for her cell phone and Kelly was in need of help .
te	I	He knew where he was best needed , but he hated to leave its security .
te	I	That meant no vents , no way for me to sneak in nor out , and there weren 't no fresh air coming down .
te	O	Zoe 's breath caught in her throat but she nodded .
te	O	Awareness came out of that division , and the two Purposes have contended with each other since that EVENT took place .
te	O	I kept smiling , like maybe the stress had gotten to me , and I 'd just finally cracked .
te	O	No one seemed thrilled by that compromise , but they agreed to it .
te	O	I gave you a bit of me and you returned it a thousand times over .
te	O	Wyatt 's words sank into Ryder , and he tried to show no change of expression .
te	I	She returns the gesture with a sunny smile of her own , and he smiles at June .
te	O	His eyes rolled up in his head and his fingers tore gashes in his flesh .
te	I	At least half annoyed , or he now sounded half mad .
te	I	Just as they had in their animal forms , the creatures seemed to understand him , but it seemed absurd .
te	I	He 's honed it with practice , and it 's his best survival skill .
te	I	Boys his age did not grow tomatoes , but he had not told me he grew marijuana .
te	I	First I needed sleep , but maybe I would just buy a new outfit , what the heck .
te	I	That 's not who he is , but Chase might be a musician .
te	I	Harp had made up her mind before anyone knew and the courtship was quick .
te	I	I watched the freaking clock but it was embarrassing to admit .
te	I	He was gone , but she raised her head to look at Daniel .
te	O	Caroline spotted a voodoo shop , but Cade was very adamant about keeping her away from it .
te	O	She cleaned up and she cleaned up well .
te	O	I helped him unpack most of his boxes and he directed me where to place his things .
te	I	If she gave in , Jackson would kill her but Hysteria lurked perilously close to the surface .
te	O	She looked a little surprised by the question , but she answered quickly enough .
te	I	He couldn 't help the fact that his mental rollercoaster was now entering a helpless , natural free fall , but he had to .
te	I	Instinctively I jump towards Logan , and something brushes up against my back .
te	O	It 's late , and I really must go .
te	I	Sometimes I wasn 't alone , and I used to do this all the time .
te	O	Once seated , the bus pulled away and Katherine reanimated slightly .
te	I	I only had a few seconds to use , but there were so many things I still wanted to ask her .
te	O	He said no more , but the sadness in his tone said enough .
te	O	Vin crested her jump , and she hung for just a brief moment as her momentum changed .
te	I	It was hard to follow the speed of her punches , and she was making an impressive sound on it .
te	I	She refused to fall into the abyss of depression , but a few tears trailed down her cheeks .
te	I	It was enough , but that was all .
te	I	Adam blushed , and Ruthie said .
te	I	Galen 's mother gripped her husband 's arm , and Galen 's father 's golden eyebrows went up .
te	I	She screamed again and the coils tightened .
te	I	Seeing him like this was killing her , but it 'd been hurting for days .
te	I	She had nearly ended her own life and this was the most important task she might ever accomplish .
te	I	They ducked down , but she strode forward .
te	O	She didn 't comment on this and I took her silence as agreement .
te	O	It was my lifeline , the place that kept me sane , and I hadn 't been ready to cut that rope just yet .
te	I	We barely made it here in time , and a sleeping bus was our only option .
te	I	Mac hadn 't believed him at the time , but apparently he meant it .
te	O	It had been easier than he 'd thought or maybe it was because it had been Tammy .
te	O	He grabbed her hand and in three great strides he was at the foot of the stairs , dragging her behind him .
te	I	Jed preempted the words , but I opened my mouth to reply .
te	O	His mouth was pinched and there were fine lines around the corners of his mouth .
te	I	Power was still available , but Power companies shut down .
te	O	Wiggles looked at him , but the dwarf avoided his gaze .
te	O	It was warmer here and a heartening golden light filtered down the central well from a source he could not make out high above him .
te	I	Seeing each other regularly kind of helps , but Relationships are always hard .
te	I	Valentine was a terrible father , but I know what you thought .
te	O	It had already been a very long day , and it made sense that he would be on edge .
te	O	Boys don 't want them , but at least they have each other !
te	I	He waved for a guard , and his eyes narrowed .
te	I	He closed the door behind them and they gathered in his office .
te	I	I feel victorious , but I don 't know why it seems like I 've just won a bet .
te	I	I couldn 't , wouldn 't , so I stayed , but he screamed when I told him my age , told me to leave .
te	O	Someone cut him off and Garrett honked at them .
te	O	Slowly , he tried to open his eyes , but the brightness of the day sent a fresh wave of agony through his head .
te	I	They had put him to sleep somehow or the demons had a way to stanch communication .
te	O	He had very much enjoyed a visit with them only a couple of weeks earlier but he knew that this occasion would be even more therapeutic .
te	I	Then his shoulders slumped in defeat , and he wiped a hand over his face , hesitating .
te	O	I don 't know and it pisses me off .
te	I	Eyes closed and he occupied the center of the master bedroom , standing with head back .
te	I	She hadn 't heard from her since , and there had been no trace of Jordan when Emily got back to her room the day before .
te	O	You can get a .25 caliber and it 's so easy to shoot .
te	O	Lan wasn 't her Warder yet , but she meant to have him as soon as possible .
te	O	The concierge followed Bond back into the bedroom , and when Bond said he would take the room , bowed himself gratefully out .
te	I	That was my line , and this was a well-established script .
te	I	That 's my secret , but of course , I have my own way of getting back into the stadium .
te	I	That was expected of her kind , but the woman was pale .
te	I	It didn 't take away the pain of torn flesh , but the soil may have stopped the worst of the bleeding .
te	O	Maybe he should have put some kind of tracker on the little guy , but that was water under the bridge now .
te	O	It was tough but somebody had to do it .
te	O	You saw one thing that you didn 't like , and instead of trusting me , you accuse me .
te	I	I think it 's a trap , but I can hear her , too .
te	O	He had convinced himself now and there was no further thought of getting out from the shelter of the trees .
te	I	He seems to want to keep you a secret just as much as we do , but I can 't say much for Kiran .
te	I	She swallowed it back down and the panic that accompanied that thought rose in her chest .
te	I	There are so many of the special ones not yet in existence , and neither side is ready to come together .
te	O	The police car pulled up in the road , and the driver beckoned him .
te	I	The lock had been left open , but the door had a robust lock on it .
te	I	We walked over to a room at the back of the building and I nodded .
te	O	The tingling came quickly and she grew agitated again .
te	I	He knew how to deal with them , but guys came sniffing around from time to time .
te	O	It wouldn 't change anything , but at least it 'd make him feel better .
te	I	She must bring it back by tomorrow evening , but we can keep if for the night , the constable told her .
te	O	The girls insisted on doing the dishes and Blake went back out to the barn .
te	I	I am so sorry for making you feel like that , but adelle I don 't know what had happened to us .
te	I	Her decision was ultimate , but she relied greatly on council in matters relating to the country .
te	O	They were , it has to be admitted , a little disappointed to miss it , but all knew they had been away far too long .
te	I	I didn 't bother to repeat my question , to sound less annoyed , but I heard the tension in my voice .
te	O	We saved his leg , and his stomach wound wasn 't as bad as we thought .
te	I	She looked about to say something and Tasha 's lips pursed in anger .
te	I	Now Best Friend might come , and Man is angry with me .
te	O	I 've never seen a face that red , and his cheeks were puffed out like a blowfish .
te	O	His voice was gentle and I wondered what he was getting at .
te	I	His staff could handle the event , but Sullivan Autos sponsored one of the racers .
te	I	He went still in her grip , and she grabbed Cain 's head to keep it from slamming into the metal shelving .
te	I	They didn 't mean any harm when they told me those stories , but my aunts didn 't tell me the normal bedtime stories , yes .
te	O	Until the eyes burned and the fangs came out .
te	I	It didn 't make my life any easier , but the fact that they weren 't forthcoming with information was hardly surprising .
te	I	She 'd given him the same story she 'd given me , and they 'd had earth sciences together .
te	I	She still couldn 't walk without limping , but her injuries had stopped being so irksome .
te	I	He smiled at me again , but he looked a little stunned .
te	O	Once I 'm gone , they 'll sanitize my room , but they won 't look there .
te	I	I need to go back , but I don 't have any hope that Reagan made it , though .
te	O	Thinking too much will simply ruin it and I don 't want to ruin it .
te	O	This would obviously create a number of temporal discrepancies , but nothing the higher force of the universe couldn 't set right .
te	I	The light from the morning sun shone on her face , and her eyes were a brilliant green .
te	I	I 'll do anything to get her and I love her .
te	O	The spell dragged me under once again and I couldn 't respond to my mate .
te	I	All trace of boredom had gone and her niece 's face was tight with concentration .
te	I	Hearing her explanation but nothing mattered anymore .
te	I	The logistics of moving a limp object in three dimensions was never simple , but in the anti-gravity of space , Olaf weighed nothing .
te	O	Water splashed from the tub but neither of them bothered with the mess .
te	I	She would go crazy or she had to find something to do .
te	I	I saw that the door to Howell 's study was still shut , and I had to cross the living room one more time .
te	O	These two men suddenly came into the room , and they were pushing my parents ahead of them .
te	O	She punched the ground and it split open .
te	O	Georgie wouldn 't admit it , but she had a whole box of stuff from that time .
te	O	I couldn 't move without aching , and when I opened my eyes , I saw the insides of my thighs through the steam .
te	I	His voice was matter-of-fact and he frowned at me .
te	O	She kept insisting that we go for ice cream , and to be honest , I was beginning to get irritated because I didn 't want any .
te	O	We finally tore apart and Mason broke the silence .
te	O	I shook my head to clear my thoughts , but he was still dominating all my thinking power .
te	I	She could see blood staining the fabric where she had cut him , and he clutched at the arm holding his sword .
te	O	Then , Lea attacked with a right hook to Luisa 's head , but Luisa ducked the punch .
te	I	They also didn 't care who else they hurt in the process , but it proved that not only did these people really want me dead .
te	O	His reservations eased and he rang the bell .
te	I	She opened for him , eager to feel him penetrate her completely and he began the slow push .
te	I	She still had her mouth open and I aimed back at her .
te	O	It turned towards him ; and as he held up his hand , it floated directly to it .
te	I	Even James was biting his lip to stop himself from laughing , but Marlon struggled to keep a straight face for Cindy 's sake .
te	O	Many had seen this presentation several times , but the moment never ceased to amaze .
te	I	They did represent the most cohesive attempt that he 'd ever made at writing something original , but he wasn 't certain if they were profound .
te	I	I don 't say anything , but I look up at him .
te	I	I still don 't , and I didn 't want to start a panic .
te	O	It is hard to appreciate , but traveling is what keeps us going .
te	O	I knew he was ready , but he paused .
te	I	Leo nodded and she mumbled .
te	I	I hated it ... and it was awkward .
te	I	I wasn 't and she was aging .
te	I	We know that Garvey 's office was upstairs , but most likely they 'll be in the main living area .
te	O	There was a moment I expected violence , but slowly , that time was passing away .
te	I	Any survivors were hiding , and Shops were looted , especially liquor stores .
te	I	Yet there had been no ' for sale ' sign outside and on top was a picture of Mary 's house .
te	I	Years ago he jumped ship to the other side , but he 's ex-military , Irish Guards actually .
te	O	Every once in a while a tree branch smacked down on the roof of his truck and I fully expected him to eventually get impaled .
te	O	She was dreaming , but her dreams were like none she 'd ever had before .
te	O	I was halfway down the front porch steps , and my footing slipped at the mention of Patch .
te	I	The smells of breakfast made my stomach rumble again , and we took the hallway to the right that led to the kitchen .
te	O	She should have been relieved , but instead she found herself ... disappointed ?
te	O	His heart seemed to slow until it almost stopped , and he felt like he 'd swallowed a big hairy lump of cotton .
te	O	He even told her this but she would not register it the way he put it .
te	O	Jake wasn 't here yesterday but he 's here today .
te	O	My legs reached out to try to grab her , but I missed .
te	I	He knew they were already on the road to ruination , and they knew a little about him , what he expected .
te	I	It fills the crack under the closet door and he flicks on the lights .
te	I	We get clawed at and sometimes we run into a feisty meal .
te	O	I love her , but she goes her own way .
te	O	They are quite particular and their liking our numbers is encouraging .
te	O	Her eyes were clamped shut again and her face was screwed up as though she were trying to wish the man away .
te	I	His face tightened into a frown , and he could sense Seth as well .
te	O	He brings his eyes back to mine and there 's an undeniable amount of lust in them .
te	O	Blood touched the edge of my shoes and it made my steps stickier than usual .
te	I	He shifted to face Lincoln again , and Memories of the Maze flooded in .
te	I	I 'm not wearing any rings now but I 've been married four times .
te	I	I almost felt ... nervous , but I couldn 't understand why .
te	I	I heard an underlying current of nervousness , but it was Max 's voice , Max 's smile .
te	I	I was fairly certain I 'd be ready for a little break , but I didn 't like asking for time off .
te	O	Three years had not dimmed his memory of their wedding night in Las Vegas , and the night of the opera had been a fitting sequel .
te	O	The lamp didn 't make the best mirror , but she couldn 't see anything .
te	O	Daniel hoped to get some sleep on the plane , but the lack of information on the situation in La Salle churned in his gut .
te	O	The essence was long gone from his tongue , and his fangs had slid back into place .
te	O	It took a few seconds but one of them finally spoke up .
te	I	His tie was black without a pattern , but his shirt was gleaming white .
te	O	It was clear that Henninger was excited about his latest profitable venture and he needed to gush about it .
te	I	Damn did he look charming , but he didn 't look convinced .
te	I	Oxygen is a corrosive gas , but you don 't realize it .
te	I	Then it disappeared , but she could have sworn she saw something moving .
te	I	They saved our lives but they ´ re crazy .
te	I	Not all of them are fit for military duty , but many people are swamped in debt in the Capitol .
te	I	He lay down in the blackness , praying never to wake and his vision left him shortly afterward .
te	I	I 'm exhausted , and it 's late .
te	I	She realized she had been placed on a bed and the breeze disappeared .
te	I	You 've had some emergency surgery , and you 've been in an accident .
te	I	I needed to give her that and he said she needed time to deal with things .
te	O	They stepped out of the room , into the corridor , and Abby pulled the door shut behind them .
te	O	She sounded worried and I felt my breath catch .
te	I	I knew it was no use , but I tried to look away .
te	O	Her mouth dropped open in surprise , but she didn 't pull away .
te	I	It was so damn sexy , and he rubbed the back of his neck , looked down at his feet .
te	O	Harold spun around to go back , but there was nothing to go back to .
te	O	He was the First and I the Second .
te	O	He 'd told her his intentions that morning , but she wasn 't certain he would do it .
te	I	I knew what I was going to do , and I did my best to bluff my way out of it though .
te	I	I slid into her with ease and Della lifted her h * ps .
te	I	The profits that would ensue to the members of the Dublin Corporation and talking all that summer of 1778 , explaining what Free Trade meant .
te	O	Josef wasn 't very hungry but he ate a few sandwiches anyway .
te	I	She 's who I plan on building my future with , and I love Gin .
te	I	I thought those were reserved especially for me , and damn .
te	O	She was no match for him , but now he was gone .
te	O	You have never seen this wild hunt , but I have .
te	I	The unmistakable tingles identified him , but I didn 't look , too afraid to hope it could be Fade .
te	O	Nikki 's throat convulsed as she swallowed , and she made a retching sound .
te	I	Experience had taught him not to ignore his gut , and the feeling was back .
te	O	A kind of Monday quarterbacking it was , but it wasn 't all about the Packers .
te	I	Patsy 's mind moved against hers , and Fingers fluttered against the back of her hand .
te	I	I told her the truth anyway , but we never did agree on that .
te	O	I smiled , and Maggie blushed .
te	I	It was too late , but she commanded .
te	I	I was finally able to fully take in our surroundings and he caressed my cheeks as he pulled away from me .
te	O	Gorman sent me to look into it and I came back the next day with Baker 's name .
te	O	She looked up at me with analyzing eyes and I wondered if my thoughts were all over my face .
te	O	I 'm not angry but I want to understand .
te	I	That was no place for a child to grow up but it broke my heart to fight my sister like that .
te	I	That was al it took to save her life , but it lasted for only a fraction of a second .
te	I	I pushed that away but he placed his hand over my forehead .
te	O	The innards followed , and from Jean-Pierre I devoured pure brain matter .
te	O	It is early afternoon , and Rebecca feels she has earned a few moments of solitude .
te	I	His own hands have messed and he runs his hands over my hair , flattening the places sleep .
te	I	It didn 't mean he didn 't worry , but he had complete faith in all the teams .
te	I	He was missing , but he was aiming .
te	O	They stepped onto the bank , and soon they went hand in hand down the streets .
te	O	I spend a lot of time making difficult decisions , but today I have decided I need a day off .
te	O	When she returned , Charlie took her arm and they made a mad dash for the carriage .
te	O	He didn 't look at her , but his shoulders loosened .
te	O	I shove aside the small urn still inside the box and the light picks out the silver embroidery on dark fabric .
te	I	Angelina had to be content with what she had and stamping her feet would not magically make money appear .
te	I	Another yawn betrayed her , but Reece tried to protest .
te	O	He said something to me in that other language , and I frowned , not understanding .
te	I	My mother cries harder and I shake my head .
te	I	Jack didn 't touch me , but Water dripped down my face .
te	O	It was his wounded side , but he didn 't even flinch .
te	I	He intended to , and Nick wanted to see her naked .
te	I	She had no idea how she was making it when she was talking with John so naturally and the sound was frightening in its intensity .
te	I	That had never happened , but I had tried to land more than one wealthy local in Sea Breeze .
te	I	I could handle it myself , even in dense bush , and my canoe , while tippy , had at least been built very light .
te	I	Her dad was his brother , and Mr. Deville was Camellia 's son .
te	O	' Then you are a woman , and capable of controlling your own destiny .
te	O	The horse sped up to an amble , and no amount of kicking would induce it to go any faster .
te	I	Then chairs went back across the tent , eagerly , as if nothing more had been wanted than a pretext , and for a moment no-one spoke .
te	I	Rob frowned , and Lewis winced .
te	I	Karen got very close again and Lea put her guard back .
te	I	There was nowhere left to go , but I still didn 't want to be here .
te	I	He knew it , and he was right .
te	O	Her eyes widened in surprise when she realized who he was , and she hastily sat up , shoving her book behind her back .
te	O	Again Temple thinks of making a run for it , but she would never get down the stairs .
te	O	Nate could not hear the sound , but Trevor laughed hard .
te	I	He turned it into the largest towing service on the Mississippi River , and his father gave him an old barge line just before he died .
te	I	I don 't even have that many conversations with girls , either , and I never talk to boys .
te	I	She was supposed to be picking out Sebastian 's future wife , but for not only was the engagement to be fake !
te	O	I find myself subconsciously reaching for him , wanting to grip his hand , but he 's too far away .
te	I	He was silent for a moment as he glanced through the legal documents , and I handed him the envelope .
te	I	We will train you up more to defeat them later and if you absolutely have to , flee .
te	O	My head is pressed against his shoulder and my eyes are shut .
te	O	He 's stressing Mom out and it 's got to stop .
te	I	There was only air , but I opened my mouth .
te	I	It was , maybe because of all they 'd been through , but he couldn 't explain why this moment was different from before .
te	O	I sat up and a yawn escaped .
te	O	I wipe the back of my hand across it , but that doesn 't do much good .
te	O	The team was still outside and now a white horse 's head appeared in the window .
te	I	I breathed a sigh of relief that I still had access , and its security panel turned green .
te	O	He was too handsome , too attractive , and there was too much competition for him .
te	I	I leaped to my feet , and someone knocked on the door .
te	O	I gently turned her onto her back and her eyes fluttered open .
te	O	The chairs were slashed , and all the water was dumped out .
te	I	She squinted against the glare and her fire burned white hot .
te	I	Now green lights flickered deep within the trees , but Huron Valley had been a black sheet under the night sky .
te	I	She 'd never seen it , but she 'd heard about it .
te	O	I 'm in it now and I 'm not going home .
te	O	Tomorrow would be my last corrective work session , and it couldn 't come soon enough .
te	O	The man tried to flag them down but they went on by .
te	O	I had vague recollections of Paul checking on me , making me drink , but I mostly slept .
te	O	Pelican had raised her head to see what Peter was doing and he shushed her to go back to sleep .
te	I	I 'll take charge here , and you give me the crown .
te	O	Mrs. Schneider gave her a tissue , and she dabbed her eyes with it .
te	I	I feel this instantaneous urge to follow her , remembering how sexy Violet is when she dances and she whirls toward the dancing area .
te	I	I 'm pretty sure I know which one , and he claims a fallen angel is blackmailing him .
te	O	The kiss started with a couple of pecks , but then he parted my lips with his tongue .
te	I	We have a team working on it right now but I cannot predict how long that might take .
te	I	He 's already a step ahead , but I try to kick at Alec .
te	O	Puck didn 't need yet another reason to hate the Winter prince , and hopefully he would never find out .
te	O	Go back , Niamh , said a different voice - a woman 's voice - but I knew it was too late .
te	I	She 's forgiving and he 's sorry .
te	O	That is crap and he knows it .
te	O	My eyes blinked , adjusting to the darkness , and a line of bubbles floated from my mouth .
te	O	They weren 't alike , exactly , but they would have gotten along .
te	I	It just kind of hung there for a bit and it was a big number .
te	O	It took me about ten minutes to finish my hotdog and by then he was finished with all four of his .
te	O	Her voice cracked on the last word and she covered her mouth with both hands , obviously fighting back tears .
te	I	Drawn faces , closing my lips on my questions and I accept their offerings of food in silence , noting their protruding ribs .
te	O	Sure he had nice hair , breathtaking eyes , and above other things a muscular tattooed body that any sensible girl would drool over .
te	O	Stella looked up and her green eyes flickered in the faint lantern light .
te	O	Someone was always laughing , and then , suddenly , the music changed .
te	I	There are snores that live by their own rules , and there are snores with the rhythm of the clockwork of the universe .
te	O	Perhaps they had been unlocked because I was staring up at the massive hotel , or perhaps I had gotten a psychic hit .
te	I	I reached for the door handle and we pulled up to my house .
te	O	She glanced at Zane , expecting some sort of aid , but he just looked away .
te	I	She shampooed it several times to make certain it was clean , and there were gobs of mud in her hair , something she hated .
te	I	I loved that he wasn 't ashamed of them with me , but I loved his scars as they were a part of him .
te	I	I 'm about to pass out , and there 's no point in it .
te	I	I don 't say anything , but I feel guilty , because I know she only wants to help .
te	I	Then he will turn that power against the tree , and he will drain anything that stands in his path .
te	O	His entire body burned and he took a moment to assess the damage .
te	O	Her hand lifted , and her fingers curled around the silver knob .
te	O	His fingers continued their gentle circles along her head , and she could have sworn his hand trembled slightly .
te	I	It somehow looked that way but it wasn 't Victoria 's intention to scare her .
te	O	I tell him to keep them for himself and I snag our backpack from inside the door .
te	I	She was alive , but she was blind .
te	I	You did not like it but the boy made it for you .
te	I	For twelve years , he was abused by his caregivers , and he had been born with his mutant powers .
te	I	I loved him , but Tristan had lied to me from the moment he met me .
te	I	He somehow had an eerie way of tapping into what I was feeling and I seemed to be like an open book with this guy .
te	O	She hadn 't told Reed earlier when he asked , but truth was , she was always surprised when her request for the weapon was granted .
te	I	The sorcerers amongst us tended to have keepsakes , but it was rare for kobolds to own anything at all .
te	O	She expected him to laugh at her sarcasm , but instead he turned to her with a frown .
te	I	She didn 't want the nameless woman to think that she was spying on them and she didn 't want Simon to see her .
te	O	Caroline 's phone rang , and she knew from the ringtone it was Trevor .
te	I	She thought better of it , but the saner part of herself wanted to head toward them .
te	I	After a few seconds Mom picked up , and I heard Nanna holler for my mother .
te	O	Aiden glanced at me and I quickly looked away .
te	I	I went over to see Sarah for a half hour before I left and we stayed for dinner then Aisling .
te	I	A flame of envy lances my heart wide open , and I watch as he threads his arm around her waist .
te	I	There were more of them in some areas , but the trees were thinly strewn across the landscape .
te	O	She 'd been a virgin and he 'd been her first .
te	O	Eden asked her questions gently , but they held a real power over me .
te	I	He was also a realist , but the doctor was an eternal optimist .
te	I	She still hated the truck , but she now loved the town .
te	I	Then they were slowly walking , and her father cleared his throat .
te	I	It 's blazing hot today , and I 'm tired , hungry .
te	O	If he is lucky enough to live through this one , he may not live through the next and you know another one will follow .
te	I	I didn 't know the woman , but I recognized Cash .
te	O	She hadn 't told Ethan yet and I knew just as well as she did , that he wasn 't going to be happy about this .
te	O	I seem to have some resistance to glamour , but I don 't have any other psychic powers .
te	I	I had been stupid enough to throw it away , and I 'd had Gin 's love .
te	O	I want you so deeply etched in my soul that I don 't know where I end and you begin .
te	O	Her eyes widened slightly and her mouth fell open .
te	I	Even that was tainted a little , but only Duncan remained my friend , in his way .
te	I	She 'd seen these coats before , but it looked almost ordinary .
te	I	Night had fallen by the time she found it and the last light of dusk had vanished behind the distant mountains .
te	O	She knew that he thought it was dangerous , that he worried about hurting her , but she wasn 't afraid .
te	O	This golden wand studded with diamonds looked much more deadly - and that meant Dreamer was more deadly than before she died .
te	O	A few weeks previously , a witch had given Eric amnesia , and it had taken several days to restore his sense of identity .
te	O	Now I was on the other side of the road , and we were both on opposite sides of the same car .
te	O	Which made him wonder why he 'd loved her at all , but he knew .
te	I	Those shifts weren 't possible with Noah at home , but I preferred nights , loving the quieter feel of the hospital .
te	I	What would be the point , but the Reverend could be lying , of course ?
te	I	All the others followed , and he rose .
te	O	The four of them joined the search , but the escape rope was nowhere to be found .
te	I	This time , his eyes meet mine and I turn , screaming for Dante again .
te	I	Uncle Henry 's voice rang out and Charlie was just beginning to struggle against the hands that suddenly arrested her when the door crashed open again .
te	I	Both were pursued by uncertainty and Elation was followed by panic .
te	I	Carmine inhaled sharply , and he let go .
te	O	She placed the cloth against my temple and I winced .
te	I	As time passed , he never did , but I swore he would come back .
te	O	Yes , she had seen fish in the lake , but they were nothing like fish on Earth .
te	O	He had restrained himself more than once , and I knew if I asked , he would stop .
te	I	My mom cried tears of joy as she hugged me and she left again .
te	O	I was a citizen of the county just like any other , and I decided to avail myself of my rights to public information .
te	O	The steel rings on his wrist still hanged but Auron was relieved to swing his arms freely .
te	I	The tunnel is completely black , and the torches are no longer guiding our way .
te	O	I really shouldn 't like this girl , but I did .
te	I	As I did , I heard a noise behind me , but I turned to leave .
te	O	Gunner had a spiked collar and Bond had a black bowtie collar .
te	I	Then he sighed , and his eyes flickered as if trying to read Alejo 's expression .
te	I	Together they fumbled for the door , and Ethan helped Emma up .
te	O	It was a good story , but I had once been a headliner for those events .
te	O	A few pool players huddled over the tables in the back , and a handful of couples were dancing .
te	I	She scowled again and mom turned to her younger brother snoring in the chair while the Skipper whacked Gilligan with his cap .
te	I	My unspoken plea came too late , but I wished they would just shut up .
te	I	I fought the urge to cry , and my heart dropped in my chest .
te	I	I didn 't want to call him on it without being sure , but I thought I heard something ugly in his tone .
te	I	His self-esteem was brought to ground level from great heights , and the tumult without certainly had a negative effect on him .
te	I	It 's not connected , but I really feel for the other girl 's family .
te	O	Kylie jumped up and literal y pushed Miranda out of the chair .
te	I	Together they would find freedom , and they would host open mic sessions for whoever wished to speak .
te	I	He has only as much authority as his subjects give to him , and a man can only lead when others accept him as their leader .
te	I	Their eyes met and he looked down .
te	O	Scarlett had managed to follow , but she was still in shock .
te	O	He needed a shower , and he needed it now .
te	O	They were beautiful , but Speed was confused .
te	I	He was calmly gathering everything up , ignoring her obvious distress , and her body was crying out for his , uncomfortably not her own .
te	I	I 'll wish I didn 't know , and maybe one day you 'll tell me .
te	I	It seemed to frustrate them more that their plaything would no longer play with them , but it didn 't make the beatings less .
te	I	I noticed , with a little twinge of disappointment , that his jacket was on , and Quinn was hovering in the entranceway , glancing at pictures .
te	O	I laughed at his comment and the room got quiet again .
te	O	I started to play your game , and then real quickly I decided you 're just an arrogant ass who enjoys power trips .
te	I	His temper was short and his word was law .
te	I	I guided him to me , and he pushed forward a little .
te	I	Most of it is completely fenced off with thick lengths of rope , but people fill the space where they can .
te	I	The blond vampire appeared almost instantly , but he hadn 't raised his voice .
te	O	The plane tipped almost to the vertical , and Rachel felt her stomach do a somersault .
te	O	Give me a day pitting myself against nature and every cell comes alive .
te	O	Nothing hurt him , just like before , but he still had to see to know where he was going .
te	O	This is usually the point he passes out , but there 's no sign of that now .
te	O	She couldn 't see Iain , but what she did see was several spots of glowing green .
te	O	This guy is good , and he 's playing with us .
te	O	Silence fell , but it was companionable , not filled with tension .
te	O	Tears flowed and her body shook as she yanked the clothing from her skin .
te	O	He probably has something to say and I probably won 't like it .
te	O	She stepped forward but he held her tight .
te	I	He didn 't talk right away , but finally , Gabe took the floor .
te	I	Brooks was the leader of the pack and the whole Sheriff 's department must be behind this thing .
te	I	He would never have tried anything without her wanting it , and Craig would have killed anyone who had hurt her .
te	O	Cade turned to run towards the back of the second storage hangar , but he hadn 't gotten very far before his heart nearly stopped in horror .
te	O	I couldn 't stop and I couldn 't tell him .
te	I	We did plan on doing it in late April , but we hadn 't planned on doing this in March .
te	O	Even the salesman looked shocked at what she said , but he quickly hurried away before he could hear anymore .
te	O	The calculations , I have taken them as far as I can go , but the rest will have to be figured by those more proficient .
te	I	I knew it had to be my brother and Pink bloomed around her .
te	O	Even a little breeze would have been welcome , but such was not the case on this day .
te	O	Some are alien and some are not .
te	I	The world came back into focus and the truck had finally stopped rocking .
te	I	She 's so poised , and she 's so gorgeous .
te	O	You 'll be briefed on your clearance later but I guess I can give you some details .
te	O	A jab with something lethal and I 'm history .
te	I	I 'm moving through a cemetery swirled in white and I blink my eyes open .
te	I	He quickly pressed a piece of torn cloth next to it and Blood poured out .
te	O	He had several dreams about her , and they were all much more wild , more animal than they were the other night .
te	O	I know what I am on the inside now and I don 't fight it anymore .
te	O	Scarface motioned for the smaller one and he dragged Avril over in front of us .
te	O	Malik chuckled , but Meir fumed .
te	I	It wanted me to know and it wanted to be found .
te	O	Lee left , and Adrian glanced back at me curiously .
te	O	It would only worsen their relationship and he didn 't want this .
te	I	As James caught her she fell into him , and Sarah slipped on some black ice in the parking lot .
te	O	I call Vanessa twice and we replay our days .
te	I	They all continued to eat ... and they all laughed .
te	I	He had one arm resting along the side of the jet boat , as he nonchalantly span the wheel and wraparound shades covered his eyes .
te	I	You can just take Saul or I can put more people on your detail .
te	I	Slowly the suspicions were building , but most of them appeared to take the beating in their stride .
te	I	I am able to breathe more easily , and just the thought of him calms me .
te	I	She was aware of them in a way she had not been of Simon 's , and his hands were cool on hers .
te	O	I automatically slipped back into their minds , and she was right .
te	O	Soren hadn 't handled it very well , but she hadn 't given him a choice .
te	O	He chuckled , and I huffed indignantly .
te	O	He stared at her , his eyes narrowed , as if he didn 't believe her , but she didn 't care .
te	O	She 'd assumed that the concentrate would just affect his body , but now she knew it had to be affecting his mind as well .
te	I	I stumbled back a few more steps , and the attack caught me by surprise .
te	O	Fie had dark circles under his eyes , but they were clear .
te	I	All the houses had roofs of red tiles and built with a taste of classical Greece in mind , it had no walls .
te	I	She wanted it and it was hers .
te	I	She sat straight up , and Leah 's eyes snapped open .
te	I	Now Deck was left wondering if there was something wrong with him , and Gabe had found Isabelle .
te	I	I 'm doing a lot better now , and I had fun with you .
te	I	She saw him ... and he saw her .
te	O	Her lashes lowered and her bottom lip trembled slightly .
te	I	You 'll get used to it , but it 's cold .
te	O	She had excellent taste and his mouth watered as he pictured her in a few of the outfits .
te	O	I guessed that my sniveling brought attention to me because I saw movement outside the door and it opened again .
te	I	He laughed , and I nodded .
te	I	Now we can go back five years in one day , and Dr. Holbrook says they can speed up the process .
te	I	She couldn 't blame it on the brandy , but she felt slightly tipsy .
te	I	I smacked it away , but he moved his hand to pull me off his arm .
te	I	Billy rarely called and she didn 't have any friends .
te	O	Try to stay out of her way , and she probably won 't bother you again .
te	O	Moving was never easy , but she had done it so many times now that it was becoming somewhat of a routine .
te	O	I 'm feeling things I haven 't felt before and I might be getting in over my head .
te	I	After losing March , I feel like a fight , and well , the enforced rest has done me good .
te	I	I 'm surprised that my train is air-conditioned , and the platform is full of hot sticky air .
te	I	A distant voice warned her of it , and this , of course , was fantasy .
te	O	Case looked at the detective and the man met his gaze .
te	O	It was a real cottage , not a luxurious retreat for a rich man ... and Sam wouldn 't have traded it for the world .
te	I	Cale playfully shoved him and he set me down .
te	I	The coaches were talking about him and he had two interceptions during drills .
te	O	It 's strange , but for a moment , I thought maybe that would be the best thing -- to just drift away into nothingness .
te	O	The farms were filling up with more livestock , and people had renewed pride in Prairie .
te	I	I am concerned , but I 'm joking .
te	I	He backed off and I reached out my hand toward him .
te	O	She didn 't know why but she felt compelled to check it .
te	I	It just veered off , but it was going north on 97 .
te	I	Jennifer told him that the aircraft wouldn 't even notice the weight and the engines weighed a ton each .
te	I	She still moved closer to Ethan as his hands gently clasped her elbows , but Julie didn 't wince .
te	O	Ryan had negotiated some major deals in his lifetime , but when he had first married , he had missed most of this part .
te	O	He knew it was an understandable question but he didn 't know what to say .
te	I	He straightened up and a small jolt of electricity ran through him .
te	O	Marshall didn 't skip a beat and neither did the service at the Venetian .
te	I	Mary seems to be acknowledging him , but Gabriel is in the same pose .
te	O	She was already past her own personal deadline and the official news deadline was approaching .
te	I	With a startled grunt , he let go , but Pain radiated down my arm .
te	O	I tried to struggle against him , but it felt like too much work .
te	O	His heart fisted in his chest and that tight knot of pain told him she was probably right .
te	O	I jolt in my seat , realizing we 're still conjoined at the hands but she 's unmoved .
te	O	He shot her a mock glare , and Charlotte laughed .
te	O	The room was still , but things were jumping .
te	I	I ultimately let them slip out , but I seal my lips shut , not wanting to say the words tickling at the tip of my tongue .
te	O	I say , trying not to smile , but it 's kind of hard not to .
te	O	My dad 's trapped in his mind , maybe forever , and my mom 's dead .
te	I	It should have been first and Protection had been the last thing on her mind .
te	O	The people think we are all wealthy , and we know how much they rejoice with other people 's misfortunes .
te	O	I had no idea where he was taking me and at the moment , I didn 't really care .
te	O	Clementine snapped her fist forward , but Owen caught her hand in his .
te	I	He always read it in exactly the same order , and he had always been funny about being the first to read it .
te	O	I never try to separate the memories from the dreams and I don 't like bringing it up ... because I just don 't need to .
te	O	She usually wasn 't so wistful in her thinking , but lately that seemed all she was able to be .
te	O	Our women can 't give birth and our men can 't sire children .
te	I	It felt good and his space was suddenly his own again , .
te	O	It paused , and she heard the machinery speed up , as if it were laboring .
te	O	I was faster , but she was stronger .
te	O	I didn 't know what good that might do , but I was surprised .
te	I	Jane grew that much more uneasy , but she calmed the minute she realized it was Luther .
te	I	I could see that he wasn 't , and his eyes lost focus .
te	I	I had to keep moving , but my back leg buckled beneath me .
te	I	The villagers cowered at the edges , and the Vikings crowded round at the centre of the roundhouse .
te	O	I tried to get more information out of him , but he wouldn 't bite .
te	I	Before he can take over my body again , I push End , pretending to hang up , and I bring the phone away from my ear .
te	I	I loved him more than anyone else , but this could 've made me hate him .
te	O	She would remain angry at me , and the Prince would do the same .
te	I	Benson tapped the number for the top floor and the doors closed behind us .
te	O	I left her at the door and she watched me walk away .
te	O	More glowing eyes were coming his way and Kane scrambled to his feet .
te	I	Two security guards ran in , followed by three paramedics with a gurney and the dressing room door burst open .
te	O	Miles was going to sit in the back , but I wanted him beside me .
te	I	You 'll pick big ones and I 'll pick small ones .
te	I	The silence stretched on and I stared back .
te	O	They taste like rust , but I feel a little more human for doing it .
te	I	They 're comfortable , and I wear jeans because I like them .
te	O	Orson discerned the change , and his gaze left me for the black empty desert all around us .
te	I	I do my best not to look into his false eyes , and he smiles as I stop beside him .
te	O	One of them seems fully recovered , and another seems well on her way .
te	I	I think Taylor reduced the charge to manslaughter , because he was worried the jury would find her not guilty but the alibi was rather shaky .
te	I	He was interested in seeing how she volleyed this one , and the ball was in her court .
te	O	I tried to look away , but I couldn 't .
te	O	Before he could open his mouth to respond , a chilling wind passed by me , and his sister , Clara , appeared .
te	O	I 'm part of the house , and that means I can use what the house has .
te	O	Her lack of height should 've made her seem fragile , but he knew Lady Emeline was no delicate piece of china .
te	I	I found the words haunted me still , but I thought I put all that behind me .
te	I	My mouth wasn 't working , but I wanted to answer .
te	O	I looked up and she smiled at me .
te	I	Even without them , the pain rang in her voice , but Tears fil ed Del a 's eyes .
te	O	There it is again , but this time , it ´ s not on fire .
te	O	His voice sounds strangled and he clears his throat .
te	I	Her fear consumed her so that she made something slip , but Mia didn 't want to .
te	O	I was not sure I ever really believed that Noah was dead , but I wasn 't sure I really believed he was alive either .
te	I	I plunged into despair , and A couple days away .
te	I	I did , but Phillip didn 't understand how tired Gin was of being everyone 's target .
te	I	Tomorrow 's a busy day for me and he won 't make any progress tonight .
te	I	It could be broken and she injured her ankle .
te	O	White men did as they pleased , and everyone else kept their mouths shut .
te	O	Letting me in on their secret had been a big risk for all of them , and she had every reason to assume I 'd freak out .
te	O	Len didn 't say a thing but he did turn around at last .
te	I	This will be your team , but they can skype when satellites agree to help advise you .
te	O	Vincent got in the passenger side and I shoved the shotgun at him .
te	I	It hadn 't so much as made him lose his balance and I 'd given him the biggest dose of voltage I 'd ever harnessed .
te	I	She managed to prop herself up again , but the movement threw her out of balance .
te	O	She helped him stand and his breath was gone .
te	I	He didn 't need to , but angelus didn 't respond .
te	I	I felt my own smile break on my face and he laughed .
te	I	Toby thought it best not to enquire , and Mr Monroe didn 't mention a wife .
te	I	The door shuts behind me and I take a step forward .
te	O	There were a final few shots , but the barrage ended .
te	O	I gave her my worst and she didn 't even flinch .
te	I	They stopped laughing , and I stood abruptly .
te	I	My world becomes black and he drops to his knees .
te	I	The added weight of the small demons threw him off balance , but Cain jumped onto the throne .
te	I	My eyes squeezed shut , and my fingers clenched at the bedsheet .
te	O	I couldn 't see , but I just knew he was blushing .
te	O	Both girls had little hope since Hailey insisted that she was over me , but after making some amends I have all the girls on board .
te	I	When he pulled away from her lips she heard him breathing heavy too and her breathing was fast .
te	O	This movement was soon spotted by the Federal troops , but their sporadic fire was not enough to cause the Virginians to retreat back into cover .
te	I	I nod as though I do , but I have no idea what that is .
te	O	My lips glided smoothly over his thick crown and I surprised him by taking him deep into my throat in one long suck .
te	O	A doctor came in the room and I recognized his voice right away .
te	I	She grins back at me , and I add .
te	I	It was being rapidly eroded , but at his core there remained a warm , confident center .
te	I	You need to feed , and you are so hungry .
te	I	He 's not going to make the same mistake again , but he ran away once he realized Dr. Banerjee was home .
te	I	That had been that , and Jenson had taken her side in the argument .
te	I	The motion had carried without open dissent , and Mr. Lonely had informed the Council of his intent to begin Percival 's training quickly .
te	I	The quirk of his mouth had her thoughts swirling , but she didn 't know what that meant .
te	I	When she did , she sounded all breathy and it took her a few seconds to reply .
te	I	I slowly nodded , and my irritation drained .
te	O	I did , and it worked .
te	I	I don 't need one , and I don 't have one .
te	O	The poor creatures die of course , eventually , but I 'm sure the sex was worth it .
te	O	This is a nightmare and I will wake up .
te	O	Additionally , I was not at full strength , but neither was I shrinking away from the sun .
te	I	We 'd been able to lead Paige to the right spot and I said a silent thank-you that Jonah had shared that tidbit .
te	I	Her steps stall , just out of my reach , but I reach out for her as soon as she gets close .
te	O	Investigators deemed Sam the culprit , but he didn 't do it .
te	O	She stepped to the door in order to close it , but instead she found herself drawn out in to the brisk morning air .
te	I	I have no energy for accusations , but I could spit out a thousand retorts to that .
te	I	I wanted nothing more than to feel it against my skin , and his stubble had grown longer .
te	O	The rest of the entry 's do , but there wasn 't anything written for Christian .
te	O	Straw was matted into her long brown hair and a strip of brown parcel tape prevented her speaking what was undoubtedly on her mind .
te	O	She wasn 't willing to give him any credit , but she did feel cooler .
te	I	His dreams could wait a little while ... and perhaps his father could change .
te	I	She fisted her hands , but her cheeks tinged pink .
te	I	His blue eyes sparkled with amusement , and his dark hair was in disarray .
te	O	For the sake of your name you must have a son , and for your father 's honour you must marry the Lady Adele .
te	I	He didn 't need to , but he didn 't touch her .
te	O	He didn 't want to admit he 'd spent the time staring into space , or the reasons his appetite had disappeared .
te	O	Life had a cruel sense of humor and it truly sucked sometimes .
te	I	It needed to go away real fast and this blast from the past wasn 't welcome .
te	I	Betrayal isn 't one of them , but Holt may have his faults , even in sobriety .
te	O	She might have other ideas and I wouldn 't blame her .
te	O	Gaius may have opened the portal , but he was responsible for Caine 's hideous transformation .
te	I	It was tiring being on high alert , and Jackson seemed as on edge as I was .
te	I	I had enough of a grasp on her , to not let her keep hiding herself from me anymore , but her arms visibly pulled away .
te	O	His mother spoke quietly , but he heard her clearly .
te	I	He wanted their business and he had two major pharmaceutical companies to demo to tomorrow .
te	O	The E.R. is a madhouse , and they 've had to position police officers to keep the media out .
te	I	I decide that it 's the perfect place for me to sit and we sit on a nearby bench underneath a tree with weeping branches .
te	I	He wanted nothing to do with me beyond saving my hide but he was going to help me , yes , .
te	O	The smile left Hart 's face , and he became the worried husband again .
te	O	Zeke had heard of packs experimenting on their own , but he 'd never encountered it .
te	O	That meant something had interrupted him - and I was willing to bet I knew exactly what that something was .
te	I	I feel his breath on the back on my neck , and his arm comes back around me , pulling me even deeper under him .
te	O	I can 't explain why , but your Captain has taken a dislike to me .
te	I	It felt like there was a lead weight in his stomach and his chest felt painfully tight .
te	O	My finger was ready to squeeze but out of nowhere the men fell to the ground without the aid of my own bullets .
te	I	She could tell he was starting to get angry and she watched as John turned bright red in the face .
te	O	I 'd never get to taste her again , and that hurt , too .
te	O	She sniffed it , and her scowl returned .
te	O	He expected me to accept his way of life but he never asked me to change who I was .
te	O	The door opened and two women stepped out , one on either side in symmetrical fashion .
te	O	He should have been relieved , but instead he was strangely disappointed .
te	O	My fingers dipped inside and poor small buddy felt the rude prod .
te	I	He repeated what he had told the general , and the second one was from the NSA asking the same thing .
te	I	Right now this man was the cause of it all , and he 'd lost everything .
te	O	Eleanor tried to make a joke , but Hart did not laugh .
te	O	It was still dark out , and if he got drunk enough , quickly enough , he may still be able to get some sleep .
te	O	It didn 't take long to clean up their dinner mess and they met Andrew 's group in the hallway .
te	O	The knife sliced over her , but she didn 't care .
te	O	Her dad looked like hell , but I still recognized him .
te	O	He glanced over at me , and I recognized the look well .
te	I	It was clear he wasn 't included in the promise of safety , and his glare met Eric then .
te	O	Adam tried so hard to hide his roots , but they came out in the smallest of gestures .
te	I	At least they masked the scent of the garbage outside , and I hadn 't bothered to get rid of them yet .
te	O	I haven 't felt quite ready to go there , but I like the way we sound together .
te	O	Lyla paused and I tugged my feet out of her heels , handing them back .
te	O	It wasn 't strong , but it was noticeable .
te	I	Their justice will be swift , and my sentence will be death .
te	I	She loved that baby already , but I knew she was scared .
te	I	No one sees me and I fade right back into the black darkness .
te	O	Their procession stopped outside a cement building with a corrugated tin roof and the squat man shouted orders before disappearing inside .
te	O	He could not foresee what form the chaos would take , but he knew , beyond doubt , that there would be chaos .
te	O	I try to get as little as possible and you always forget to add something in .
te	O	Ben 's eye swelled up badly and he cried for a long time .
te	I	This was mine and every love story has a beginning .
te	I	Zoe tried , anyway , for Sam 's sake , but counseling was Ari 's forte .
te	I	I 've told him that already and I forbid you to contact that man .
te	I	He was happy that Petrov didn 't , but Seth thought he 'd be much better off picking the ground .
te	I	Tom crouched beside the hidden person and the crumpled pile of clothes groaned again .
te	O	The crowd of vampires parted down the middle , and she walked towards the throne without impediment .
te	I	Sensing Leppard 's fear it spoke reassuringly and its skin glowed with the baby blue .
te	I	He tightened his hand on the knife to try to control the nausea , and his stomach lurched .
te	O	My mouth dropped open in surprise and I shot Gwen an imploring look .
te	O	It was time for me to fly , and there was no room for confusion in the cockpit of an airplane .
te	I	His eyebrows tilted sharply upward , and she froze .
te	O	It felt real , and that was good enough for me .
te	O	I asked for Henri , but no one knew where he was .
te	I	Suddenly he was having the time of his life , and for sixty years he 'd been obeying all the self-regulating rules of wizardry .
te	I	He didn 't tell , and I didn 't ask .
te	O	I felt soft wings on my face , and it sent a shiver down my spine .
te	I	She was impressed by his quick recovery , but his look of chagrin nearly undid her .
te	O	I used birth control this morning , but we both know the barrier methods aren 't as absolutely reliable as a tubal ligation .
te	I	For the moment he was too impatient to deal with it , but he made a rough sound of frustration at this additional barrier .
te	I	He put me down hurriedly and I tapped Hunter 's shoulders .
te	I	A tension entered his body but the man nodded his head .
te	I	Then , as neither of us looked away , his expression changed , but at first his face reflected mine .
te	O	With her first step , she was all business , but when her eyes grazed my face , she faltered .
te	I	I didn 't want to let Eliot know , but I 'd felt like this so often recently .
te	O	My heart rate picked up and I stepped toward him once again .
te	O	Her sobs quieted , but she didn 't lift her head .
te	O	They talk and I listen .
te	I	Then was gone , and Everything blurred into charcoal smears .
te	I	It is from old and you were made yesterday .
te	I	I appreciated it and he didn 't press his offer further .
te	I	I hope she does not suffer long and I try to keep my weeping to myself .
te	O	They 're planning something , and we 've got nothing .
te	O	The force sends me spinning and my nose begins to bleed .
te	O	I know I want to be with you , and I know myself .
te	I	He wasn 't fast enough , but ares tried to move .
te	O	The pleasant atmosphere had a soothing effect on me , and the moment seemed perfect to finally return the handkerchief .
te	O	She frowned , but she supposed it was better than an outright refusal .
te	O	His fingers dropped from my skin and I pulled my hand back into my lap .
te	I	She could feel the light sheen of perspiration on his skin and his breathing had leveled out .
te	I	She was in a huge tent with partitions in it and he 'd been very secretive about where the actual wedding was taking place .
te	O	My heart had never entirely been on board , but I 'd tried to ignore it .
te	O	He cleared his throat , and I glanced at him .
te	O	Readers are what makes the world go around and this book is dedicated to you .
te	O	With arms outstretched , Emily moved toward him , but Madeline intervened .
te	O	This might have been a vacation and while it was fun taking care of my mother 's dog , I had to remind myself my quest .
te	O	Her kiss came urgent , like she was dying and I was the only one who could save her .
te	O	If I had any sense I would run while they were asleep but you fools won 't come with me .
te	I	Her arms gripped him , her hands moving down his back so she could hold onto his hips and she wanted him deeper .
te	O	We walk on until the first orange light crests the sky , and then the front monk stops .
te	O	He simply laid it against my body as his two strong arms held me , and he kissed me .
te	O	It 's your weakness that will destroy them all , and your beloved princess will be the first to fall .
te	O	He kicked the tiger backward , and it rolled before standing again .
te	O	My life is forfeit in my own land , and I 've only two Englishmen who say otherwise .
te	I	Red seemed to be getting slower with each play , and the momentum was turning again , as they seemed to be first to every loose ball .
te	O	His father had vanished from the village too , and as a boy , Rian had wondered where he 'd gone .
te	I	She traveled a lot , and his mother worked with the State Department .
te	O	The girl winced back in fear , and it was my turn to recoil .
te	I	They floated on their backs across the gentle surface of the lake , and she held tightly to his hand .
te	O	The soreness was unbearable and Carol began to cry .
te	O	He reached out to steady himself , but there was nothing to hold onto .
te	O	I listened for about ten minutes , and I started to see things .
te	I	This produced no result but the Angel coughed quietly .
te	I	He tipped his chin up , and Understanding dawned .
te	O	Lizzie reached down searching for the crystal in her pocket , but it was gone .
te	I	I am at a standstill , and I must manage her somehow .
te	I	Her pupils wide and beside me , Caroline snapped to attention , pulling her body back into the shadows , her eyes narrowed .
te	I	They fell together and the limb broke .
te	I	I didn 't see where they came from ... and this one Saturday I was walking down there .
te	O	He peels off his shirt and I don 't know where to look .
te	I	The world comes into focus and I blink slowly .
te	I	There are still some that were too deep to remove , but I got most of the cactus spines out of you .
te	I	As quickly as he shook her , he stopped but she grabbed onto his upper arms to steady herself .
te	O	I peered between my bandages , but there was no other light .
te	I	He hit me again and I hit the bars .
te	O	Esther smiled , but it felt out of place .
te	O	Something had happened to me and I couldn 't remember it .
te	O	She was making me crazy inside , but I was glad that she wasn 't making it easy for me .
te	O	Better yet , why don 't we fly to Texas to meet with her , and then you can meet Bob .
te	O	I wanted to ask them questions , but there were too many people around .
te	O	His chest was heaving , but his face was pale .
te	I	It did , but Jamie had done her best to pretend it didn 't matter .
te	I	A brace , secured across his left knee , kept the leg straight and an adhesive pad covered the cuts to his nose .
te	O	Theo sat on a large cushion in a corner of the room and August sat cross-legged on the floor .
te	O	My first hunting season was well underway when I teamed up with Willie Urban again , and my bubble began to burst .
te	O	I 've released her from my hold , but she hasn 't moved from her spot against the wall .
te	O	There are things we are doing to retake Morganville , but it is a process that will take some time .
te	I	I remained hypnotized , but I tried to break eye contact .
te	O	I 've got someone coming over and he 'll be a lot warmer than a puppy .
te	I	The gray gloom of winter was still present , just in different form , and Snow had been replaced by chilling rain .
te	I	I forced myself to remain still , but I wanted to squirm under his gaze .
te	O	She began touching his body and he felt as her hands went straight down to his penis .
te	I	I had last night and I asked , remembering the argument Jack .
te	I	A wave of nausea rose within her and she thought back to the night before .
te	O	Her eyes widened and her breath caught .
te	I	Her stance said it all , and she only stopped when she stood next to Rebecca .
te	O	I 'd just have to relax my legs a little and I 'd be sitting on him .
te	O	She didn 't buy his nice guy act , either , but the near miss at the mall had been an accident .
te	O	All that was missing was a pocket watch , and then Morton would have sworn on record that he had been transported back in time .
te	I	There was nothing that you could do , but I know you tried your best .
te	O	Chaz , buddy ... others around here might not see your potential , but I do .
te	I	My brother , Richard , was staying at a friend 's and my parents would be away for the weekend .
te	I	I gently cradled her body , and a shuddering sob escaped me .
te	I	Within seconds her water turns pink and she throws them in the water .
te	O	Close , I think , but I don 't want her knowing about this .
te	O	she asked as he mounted the stallion and they rode through the corral gate .
te	O	Love really was a pit , and I was at rock bottom .
te	O	Lysander 's face was blocked from my view , but I saw the struggle in Edmond 's eyes .
te	I	I didn 't want Jakob to be mad , but I wanted to be honest with him .
te	I	It was embroidered with a gold star , and his eye patch matched the Dockers .
te	I	I 'm chasing myself and it 's my hallucination .
te	O	It would have no impact on the rival 's launch date but it would almost certainly cost Frank a week that he didn 't have .
te	O	I laughed , surely he was kidding , but he didn 't say more .
te	O	There weren 't many people near us , but I 'd been well schooled in caution .
te	O	Her smile seems a little tight , but it 's convincing enough for Hayden .
te	I	Nerves shot through me and his brow creased as he regarded me intently .
te	I	They fit in the new locks that were in the box , and Frank tried the keys he had been given to the house .
te	I	I took a quick glance inside and Callum stopped in front of a room .
te	O	She always looked down , and I wanted to see her eyes .
te	I	Percival was loudly voicing his own desire to never ever be given wings again and he still had a vice like grasp on Trinity .
te	O	The people hadn 't introduced themselves , merely telling him they were on a long journey and help would be at hand when they arrived .
te	O	He did not normally indulge in luxuries , but tonight was an exception .
te	O	The fire had erupted before he 'd been able to question her more , but she 'd been wrong .
te	O	The elevator dinged and the doors opened .
te	O	Anna couldn 't tell the exact color , but this night , they took on a greenish tint .
te	O	If I didn 't go , she said she would go herself , and then she didn 't know what would happen .
te	O	Jim laughed through the phone and Helen could hear him relax .
te	I	I 'm sure it was a world record for a seven-year-old , but I don 't know how much cotton I picked that day .
te	O	I did and he stood over me , his fingers gently probing my head .
te	I	They weren 't alone ... and he had found the fallen .
te	I	During a commercial I realized he was gone , but I did not hear him leave .
te	O	He finally managed to unfasten the last button on his shirt , and he pulled it off before jumping forward on top of Kaylee .
te	I	The boat drifted slowly forward , and the engines ticked over in neutral .
te	O	His tongue speared into her sheath and he could feel her muscles spasm .
te	O	I waited to see if my head would feel any pounding , but there wasn 't even a little extra pressure .
te	I	His eyes grew wide and he scanned the list in his hand .
te	O	Two from the execution squad sprang to their feet and the bolts of their rifles cocked in the night .
te	I	To make matters worse I was still mad , and I regretted it when the hard wood frame beat out my soft , squishy hand .
te	I	I wasn 't going to leave it up to chance , but I didn 't see any .
te	O	I hate the word crush , but it so totally applies here .
te	O	I make my way there , but she 's gone .
te	I	She threw up her hands , and we glared at each other .
te	I	Altair realized he had never seen him move so quickly , and he skipped to the side , testing Altair 's guard .
te	O	We paused at the entrance and Vincent peeked his head inside .
te	I	I needed to comfort her , and I needed to touch her .
te	I	She knows it 's important , but she dreads it .
te	I	For some reason , I 'm still not moving , but I don 't really want to see them together .
te	O	Our hands drop , and we exchange sad horrified expressions .
te	I	He 'd fallen for her innocent act and Tara Anthony had played him for a fool .
te	O	They 'd met in Europe during World War II and her mother had become a war bride .
te	O	He punched a code into the gate , and it slid open for me .
te	I	The scent of the rotting leaves that littered the tree beds , and I breathed it in gratefully as I savored in its crispness .
te	O	There wasn 't any coffee left , but that didn 't bother me .
te	I	A thin sheen of sweat coated her body and her skin was pale .
te	O	Paris respected her immensely for that , and he should be far more interested in her than he was .
te	I	I could hear the crackle of the long-distance connection and there was silence on the line .
te	O	Riordan was used to being in complete control , without the danger of intense emotions , and his newly acquired feelings threw his normal balance .
te	O	It was one of the upscale places constructed to look like a Southwestern home all by itself , but in actuality it was connected to other condos .
te	I	I am part of an interstellar patrol force and I ´ m an Arc .
te	O	Her fingers grazed my arm and I paused .
te	O	Eli 's face softened , and he patted my arm .
te	O	He 's got his arm draped around her , but he looks tense .
te	O	She wasn 't a wilting flower , but she also wasn 't stupid .
te	I	There were guards stationed around the room , but I was allowed to stand this time .
te	O	He called the only other bank in town but they hadn 't had any incidents .
te	I	Hannah didn 't clarify , but what the salesgirl had probably meant was that there wasn 't a woman on earth who could say no to him .
te	O	I am miserable , and they shall share my wretchedness .
te	O	His face was deathly pale , and his eyes were wide .
te	I	To him it would always be just a word , but his mother 's tiny radio taught him the word .
te	I	You know what lies ahead , and you are no longer afraid .
te	I	We followed , and turning , she went into the kitchen .
te	O	At the time I thought it was because he was going to be the future master , but now I know that it was more than that .
te	I	Penny doesn 't seem as fast as she was , but I don 't know what it is .
te	O	I need to talk , and you need to listen .
te	I	He 'd moved me fast , but the sensation between my legs was new .
te	I	Before she could say anything , he kissed her , but her body stilled in surprise .
te	I	It gave his voice a steel edge and Impatience radiated from Roth .
te	I	He could practically read the indecision on her face , and he knew he 'd put her on the spot .
te	O	I know this face , but then I forgot it .
te	I	She felt totally apathetic , but Amelia was locked in her cell .
te	O	His eyes found mine immediately after , and I recognized the vague sense he had been watching me long before .
te	O	Ralph resigned himself to a sunburn and we set off down the river .
te	O	Chapter 6 Something in Rose 's tone struck Violet as odd , and she glanced over her shoulder at her youngest sister .
te	I	Everyone at work should be slightly different , and it seemed like months should have passed .
te	O	They don 't use drugs , and Martin doesn 't even drink .
te	O	It was usually after puberty , and it was never taken lightly .
te	O	The torches were much brighter than those of the Forest , and she made good time back to the outer door .
te	I	The receptionist 's elongated stay in the doorway hadn 't aroused interest out of either yet and they didn 't hear anything being said so far .
te	I	For a second I saw every one of them , and the thousand years of his life sat on him heavily .
te	I	She fell to the ground and her face went impossibly pale .
te	I	Her face flushes , and he says the words as he signs them .
te	O	It looked the same , but when he opened it he saw that it was just straight blood in this .
te	O	It was a good lay , but it left Dan ' r 's paired tens in a rather bad spot .
te	I	The men were trying to find a way out and one of the three shuttles carrying his men had slammed into a water tank .
te	I	Attacking anything that moved and bounding out of the broken stone fortress .
te	I	I finally smiled , giving in to his request , and his voice took on a light , teasing note .
te	I	I examine him and he pulls up a chair next to me .
te	I	He had no plans to compromise himself now , and for twenty-five years Hoppy had played it straight .
te	I	In less than thirty seconds , it was done , and the seven soldiers released the prisoners , raised their axes .
te	O	Two bedside tables were either side of the bed and a chest of drawers was next to the one closest to where Rick lay .
te	O	Mercer had been trying for months to get her to go out with him , but she was as standoffish as she was stacked .
te	O	She managed a crooked grin and he chuckled .
te	O	She got out in front of a bistro popular with students and Charlie drove off .
te	O	The bracelet immediately began radiating a soft golden luminescence and she felt herself connecting with Gary 's subconscious .
te	I	I felt unstable once more and he laughed .
te	O	I looked into her blank eyes , and I wished that I was her .
te	I	Hearing her voice them disturbed him in an inexplicable way , but his thoughts exactly .
te	O	Dexter had walked away in the middle of the conversation and Jeff had to chase him down .
te	O	His hand comes up behind my head and he entices my lips back to his .
te	O	I don 't know what she sees in my expression , but she steps back abruptly , away from me .
te	O	I took this job so I could help with his bills , but now I feel I am too far away to really help .
te	I	When they got to the car they shook their heads in disbelief , and they left .
te	O	Dexter 's place wasn 't particularly large , though more than enough for one person , but it was very nice by Jeff 's standards .
te	O	Jennifer looked at Charlie and he could virtually see her thinking it through .
te	O	Tell me to go away and I will .
te	O	Her face tightened nearly imperceptibly , but I saw the tension around her mouth .
te	O	He kept his voice low , but he 'd be damned if he 'd swallow being scolded by a dog .
te	O	He focused carefully on the trees and things became more clear .
te	O	The noise cut off and the kitchen fell silent .
te	O	It was sparkling crazily and she felt very dizzy .
te	O	Mrs. Blackwell pushed past him into the room , and the screams began again .
te	O	She hoped to feel his touch move away from the hideous marks , but instead it lingered .
te	I	They squared off , and she nodded .
te	O	I stepped aside against the wall and they walked right past without giving me a second look .
te	I	Somehow they 'd made it work , but this way of life was tough on relationships .
te	O	He had never been to the great city , but he had seen it once .
te	I	Becca leaned back against his shoulder , still seated on the armrest and Zach sat down .
te	O	A rueful smile passed over his lips , but it didn 't quite reach his eyes .
te	O	They started walking and he hesitated .
te	I	This time no one interrupted us , and once again I sank into my vision , pulling Henry along with me .
te	O	His kiss was as rough as his hands , and I relished it I didn 't know why .
te	I	He 'd played it beautifully , making her love him while he picked her pocket , and everything in his life was a game .
te	I	He made some really good points , and Johnny was the more articulate of the two .
te	I	It made her feel better that he was trying to soothe her pride , but she still didn 't believe him .
te	I	It was important , but she knew she 'd probably get in trouble .
te	O	As soon as they finished , Chief Stacy pulled him aside again and they spoke in low voices .
te	I	The waitress seats us in a big corner booth , and we walk in .
te	O	Josie settled herself at the other end , and Archer took the chair next to her .
te	O	His eyes went from the prince to Amira , and he brought his sword arm back to swing .
te	I	He laughed loudly and I said bluntly .
te	O	I liked Rachel , and the Delta Mu connection would give us something to talk about .
te	O	His jaw absorbs the impact of the ground , and his body follows .
te	O	A taste of Bangkok , and he 'd liked it .
te	I	A shiver raced down her spine , and a looming sense of premonition swamped her .
te	O	Maybe she wasn 't being fair to him under the circumstances , but she 'd had just about all she could take for one night .
te	I	You 'd be next in line , and since apparently running Morganville is a family business .
te	I	You 've admitted your feelings for me , and I know how I feel about you .
te	I	She ruffled his hair affectionately and the words surprised a laugh from Nicole .
te	O	My dad tended cattle all his life , and he wanted me to get an education .
te	O	He could be some creepy stalker , and then he 'd have her address .
te	I	Damned if he wasn 't enjoying looking at her , but no , she wasn 't his type at all .
te	O	The ends locked together , but nothing else happened .
te	O	Lea tried to throw punches at Karen 's body , but Karen blocked the punch with one of her arms .
te	I	She spent most of her time trying to avoid him , and he didn 't talk to her , only accepted silence .
te	I	I rubbed them and I blinked open my tired eyes .
te	O	She asked for details , but Peter had no patience .
te	I	She is me and I am her .
te	O	The floor was mostly white marble , and I could see a hint of plush carpet on the other end of the hall .
te	I	It looked so deliciously good , that even my own train of thought was being sidetracked by my hunger , and I looked down at the food .
te	O	The water was once again icy cold , and in my initial reaction to it I again took a swig of it into my lungs .
te	I	It would take strength to force her , and he needed to give Solange blood .
te	O	She slipped her hand into her lap , balling it with her other , and again , she took a deep , steadying breath .
te	I	There was no harm in asking , but yes , I did know how it worked .
te	I	The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and this is a work of fiction .
te	O	For a moment he thought he was going blind again , but then he realized that it was his anger that shadowing his vision now .
te	I	He said nothing , but Haven looked at Marius .
te	I	When his lips brushed over the curve of my jaw , my eyes fluttered shut , and it was maddening .
te	I	His grace was phenomenal , but it was too far away to make out more of his features than thick pale hair .
te	I	He frowned and his cell rang .
te	O	Jim didn 't pay him much mind , or at least if he did , she couldn 't tell .
te	I	We needed some frivolity in our lives but that would be a less educational trip .
te	I	She only found the clothes she expected to find , but Jane searched the drawers of the dresser one at a time .
te	O	I 'm irrationally nervous all of a sudden but I don 't drop the scowl from my face .
te	O	That would only create hard feelings with the rest of the household staff , and the last thing she wanted was to be surrounded by vindictive servants .
te	I	I wasn 't shy about accepting it , and he had a gift .
te	O	I am not usually this direct , but I thought I would take the ' Mrs. Robinson ' from The Graduate approach .
te	I	I didn 't but I probably should have moved to give him space .
te	I	I was not going it turn it down and this was a challenge .
te	I	I steel myself , but the thought of facing Thomas alone in a jail cell sends a wave of panic through me .
te	O	We had entered the monster 's playground , and he was in the mood to play .
te	I	I felt his fingers press inside my aching opening again , caressing my inner walls and one hand left my butt cheek .
te	O	He led them into the sunken living room , where everything was the color of heavy cream and nothing was out of place .
te	O	Some come true and some don 't .
te	O	First you ask me to surrender , and now you want to make peace .
te	O	The directions were not complicated but they weren 't things she had ever made a point to do .
te	O	He likes me , sure , but he doesn 't like me .
te	O	Elle looked at me and I forced a smile .
te	O	The heat burned my cold skin , but I refused to set it down .
te	I	The report was rather scant on details , but Swanson said they were pursuing many leads .
te	O	Nicole waves the journal at me but I just brush it aside .
te	I	Blindly reached to the laptop , ready to close it , regretting even attempting this , and she went cold all over , her skin prickling .
te	O	Reaching the door , he pulled with all his might , but it was no use .
te	O	Dane whispered in her ear and she could only guess what that meant .
te	I	Julian wouldn 't have brought them here or obviously the man knew what he was doing .
te	O	Of course the puppy didn 't care what she was wearing , and when she reached for it , he wriggled his furry body toward her .
te	O	That should have been the worst of the sacrifices , but she would have to live with the knowledge of every single kill he 'd ever made .
te	I	He wasn 't part of the army of clones , and he was Scott .
te	O	He grows quiet again and I wonder if I said something wrong .
te	I	Her stomach kept gnawing at her , but Everything would be fine .
te	I	The horses trotted off , and the door was shut .
te	I	Every day I take this bus , and I make this journey every day .
te	I	I wanted to throw up and my stomach filled with knots .
te	O	The sheep runs here and there making sharp turns .
te	I	I opened my mouth slightly before we both jumped apart , and I felt the tip of his tongue on my lips .
te	O	A sickened angry laugh bubbled out of me and I shook my head .
te	I	His face pale and his eyes shut .
te	O	She was just a little girl , and she almost couldn 't reach it .
te	O	Holly gazed upward , but his eyes didn 't stay on the cap long .
te	I	You act like you 've never heard of such a thing , and I 'm doing my best to be a friend to you .
te	I	I let the teenager lead the way and we made our way to the staircase .
te	O	I knew he must have already heard this story too , but for some reason , he wanted me to tell him .
te	I	I was worried it looked that way , but I wasn 't crying .
te	O	I tried to move back into the classroom , but the collective force of the exiting students continued to push me outside .
te	I	It was nowhere in sight , but she scanned the ceiling as she reloaded , looking for it .
te	O	He didn 't know what would happen in the future , but somehow they would make it if they gave it a try .
te	I	I could see why and I was sure he was the one who knocked me out .
te	I	His carvings were works of art , but the guy was a complete nut .
te	O	She pumped it up in our bedroom and we 'd slept on it ever since .
te	I	It had the opposite effect , but he knew he should be happy to see the young leader show some weakness .
te	O	I wasn 't fully prepared , but I pulled it open anyway .
te	O	None of it had been his fault ... and he had eventually given his life to save me .
te	I	I never will and I never have .
te	I	Her fingers fit snugly around the star , and the crystal fit perfectly in her palm .
te	I	At least she accepted her faults , but Karen may have been a prostitute .
te	I	We don 't know our neighbors , but we hear about disasters minutes after they happen .
te	O	The claw was so sharp that it took only a few minutes until the branch snapped off and the berries fell to the floor below .
te	O	Their discussion looks heated and his eyes flicker this way several times .
te	O	I take an embarrassed bow and it gets him to relax .
te	I	It 's the same things week after week and been at this for six months .
te	O	She valiantly tried to hold back her laughter , but in the end she couldn 't stop herself .
te	O	Things were not perfect , by any means , but her outlook on life had shifted from depression to a generally more positive outlook .
te	I	They had the advantage and they were fresh .
te	O	We end up downtown , and I try to fight back the sense of deja vu as he pulls into a parking garage .
te	I	There was a moment of surprise as if he was seeing it for the first time , and he looked at her hand .
te	I	Damn , he hated the reminder , but there was no denying that .
te	I	Chagrin ran across his own , and then he saw my face .
te	I	I was so , so desperately in love with her , and she was beautiful .
te	I	I couldn 't read what was behind his eyes , but it was a level stare .
te	I	He turned back to the wheel and when she nodded her head , the tears spilled from his warm loving eyes .
te	I	Not before I saw the longing in Nina 's eyes , but we left .
te	I	Me being one giant hot mess for the better part of a month or these tears had nothing to do with hormones .
te	I	I also wanted out of the damn onyx bands , but I didn 't want to answer .
te	I	His right arm wrapped around my waist as he kissed the side of my head and Cale let out a nervous laugh .
te	O	I should be tougher than this , but for some reason Anthony has completely spellbound me .
te	O	She felt her throat tighten , and suddenly she couldn 't breathe anymore .
te	I	I was amazed , and she opened the door .
te	I	Various subroutines handled the exigencies of walking , and his body never tired , of course .
te	O	My left hand is curled in on itself , and I concentrate on the sensation of my fingernails digging into my palm .
te	I	My heart sprouted wings , but it made me blush .
te	I	As he watched Jackie shimmy into her wetsuit , he realized they weren 't , but Alex thought they were kidding .
te	I	He was lost to all rational thought and her warm tongue slid against his .
te	I	He needed to know what I decided , but I didn 't want to worry him .
te	O	I 'd forgotten to take that cleansing tablet and now I had the mother of all hangovers .
te	I	A bar sat at the back , and black leather sofas lined the inside .
te	I	She breathed heavily , and she wore glasses with blue plastic rims .
te	I	Her nails were digging into his shoulders and she was holding very still .
te	I	The demon was there again , in front of them , blocking the street - And they turned to run in the direction they 'd come from .
te	O	Her mouth was open in a silent scream and her hair blew in an invisible wind .
te	I	His manner toward them was sickeningly ingratiating , and he was scared of them , terrified of the repercussions of his actions .
te	I	I saw understanding dawn in her expression , but she still didn 't respond .
te	I	A pool of blood was seeping out from underneath him , and he was lying on his back with his eyes closed .
te	O	Mack tore out of the house and she heard him enter his own .
te	O	I 'd confronted my demons , and I walked - well , ran - away from a life that I preferred to never look back upon .
te	O	I kept throwing myself at him , and he didn 't even want me .
te	I	She didn 't want to get close to him , but she was taking the long way to the door .
te	I	She sent it all into the boot , and she thought of heat , of fire .
te	I	I wanted her to eat well and I wanted her in nice hotels .
te	I	Sebastian 's warning loomed large in my mind nonetheless , but something in my gut told me I could trust him .
te	I	I looked back to see another sedan after us , and Martin had the car moving again before she 'd shut the door .
te	I	The lock was holding and the door was still shut .
te	O	Christian made a noise , but I didn 't look up at him .
te	I	The gears started moving again and his frozen brain finally clicked .
te	I	It was not blinding but it carried a light within it .
te	O	My mother is going away , and with her gone , I 'm afraid your reality is going to change .
te	I	I know my Nicky , but for a moment , I thought he was going to strike me .
te	O	Last night , it made a right on Lint Road , and Kelly assumed that was the direction of nightly commute for the driver .
te	O	You get anywhere near your sister and you 're dead .
te	I	I couldn 't see that he was lugging books around in his bags , but some people are very lax about that sort of thing .
te	O	She wanted me , and short of wearing a neon sign , she did everything she could to let me know .
te	I	They took the bound men back to Medellin , and one of the helicopters landed , this time with an American CIA agent in it .
te	O	His breathing is labored and he is sweating profusely .
te	I	His voice was stern , but his actions were gentle .
te	O	I don 't know where he sleeps , and I wouldn 't tell you if I did .
te	O	His fingers flexed around the wood handle of his mace , and he hurtled forward like a wild animal .
te	O	It seems like they are on my side , but I know differently .
te	I	Tornadoes were very real threats , but they were too far inland to ever worry about hurricanes .
te	O	I know him , yet I do not .
te	I	Still he remained a distraction , and he was gone !
te	O	I was flattered , but as I looked into her hazy eyes , I knew that now was definitely not the time .
te	I	Then discipline took over , but for a moment she wanted him to know who was going to kill him .
te	O	He knew the tears would come eventually , but now , none of them knew where she might be .
te	I	Len 's not , but Chase has been downplaying it .
te	O	It had been a hectic day , and he hadn 't slept in nearly twenty hours .
te	I	After hanging up the phone I found myself eyeing the family photographs that line the shelves of my office , and we said our good-byes .
te	O	Three of the legs were broken and many of the diamonds were loose .
te	O	Reid had sent another one , asking about her trip , but she would put off a reply as long as possible .
te	O	Spider was digging deeper than he 'd planned , but he had to know .
te	O	I understood I was in a geometric prison , but I didn 't know how I could escape it .
te	O	She started to recognize the area she was in , but how could she possibly know where she was at .
te	O	She pulled at the restraints , but the figures looming above multiplied .
te	O	Jude 's eyes skirted around and he dropped his voice to a whisper .
te	O	It may not be the whole truth , but it 's the truth that he knows .
te	I	She realized everything was measured in sound , but Rachel had no idea how long it took them .
te	O	He looks pissed , which kind of makes him look hotter and me lose every coherent thought in my brain .
te	I	All heads , including the buddies , turned to face him , and an awkward , low rumbling grumble came from my larger namesake .
te	I	There was no way out and I was stuck with being haunted .
te	O	We 're from different worlds and I 've known that from the beginning .
te	O	Julie was beyond a point where she could feel normal , but she 'd learn exactly what they had done to Kim .
te	I	I can 't even draw breath to tell him that I don 't understand , but he 's yelling at me in his foreign tongue .
te	I	I can wait but you don 't trust me .
te	I	Wil 's alone , and it was something of Wil 's .
te	O	Perhaps the presence of the Loupe family had kept true wolves away , or perhaps wolves made themselves scarce in the summers .
te	O	My undergraduates think I am prejudiced against Canada , and my graduate students think I should spend more time around the office guiding their research .
te	O	While on the way , Lea appeared to be calm , but she had a serious expression on her face .
te	I	That wasn 't the point , but of course , Marks were physically incapable of bearing children .
te	O	I smile softly at him and he takes me in his arms , stroking my hair .
te	O	After an interesting spread the concluding card was The Fool and she confessed the question was whether she should leave Kamchatka .
te	O	He moved away from the tree , saw her staring at him , and he waved .
te	O	Maybe Oliver put me through too much , and now I don 't have the nerve to do this job .
te	I	I slowly took a step forward and my eyes glanced towards the door .
te	I	I grabbed her arm , and Kenzie yelped , leaping up .
te	I	Neither of us was secure in that belief , but Legend said we were only vulnerable to another Apollyon .
te	I	It took her some serious rushing to catch up to him and he was heading quickly down toward the center of the Quarter .
te	I	The only available seat at the table is to my right and Javi takes the seat to my left .
te	I	He laced their fingers together and he draped an arm around the back of the seat .
te	I	My shirt is being removed , and I feel warm , sweaty hands sliding up my sides .
te	O	She took a step , and that was okay as well .
te	O	Lauren eyed her own plate and what she suspected were snails .
te	O	Gramma finished her tea , and the cup vanished .
te	O	We weren 't exactly involved but we 've screwed around a few times .
te	O	Not that I want to be all matchy-matchy , but I like the idea of feeling like we belong together .
te	O	His piercing gaze and slight smile were enough to lure women closer .
te	I	Her car was gone , and there was no answer .
te	I	He wanted to make forward progress and his growling stomach was too loud to allow him to concentrate .
te	O	My back was already killing me from the slam I had taken minutes ago and the soreness from the bout had yet to settle in .
te	O	The Riverton bus pulled in , and students began to pour out .
te	O	His blue eyes darkened as if he knew exactly what I was feeling , but he only led me back to the blanket that was spread out .
te	O	He motioned to the guards and another one took her bag .
te	I	He flashed her a smile , and Justin was there , reading .
te	O	Bess had been thrilled , but she never could keep a secret , no matter how much she promised .
te	I	Mrs Collins got out her knitting , and a couple of the girls started a card game .
te	O	She was very business oriented , which I respected , but sometimes her anal ways gave me a stomach ache .
te	O	I glared at him , but he stared straight ahead .
te	I	Yet it was in slow motion , and it was all happening so fast .
te	O	I was grown in a glass cylinder , and when I left I was stuck in a space station , with fabricated memories in a fabricated world .
te	I	Clothes always do that for me and I need to talk about something happy .
te	I	I shivered with delight , and his fingertips seemed to send electricity down my spine .
te	I	He likes me and the words Thank you !
te	O	I told her that I was calling 911 and she screamed at me not to .
te	O	I don 't understand , but I do it anyway .
te	I	Unfortunately for Frances this triumph was short-lived , but a victorious smile settled upon Frances 's lips .
te	I	I hope you will by the end of this letter , but I don 't know if you understand how important that is .
te	O	I could easily find something to drink but I don 't want to abandon my post .
te	O	Steve 's fingers reached for her and instinctively she opened herself to him .
te	I	The pain made tears well up , and I tried to lift my hand to rub them .
te	O	I didn 't fall for it this time , but I might have fallen for it with my mom working on me too .
te	O	He whipped the reins and the horse moved off with a slow gait .
te	I	She didn 't know what to say , and his words melted Daisy 's heart .
te	I	He moved her away and his hands caught her arms in a punishing grip .
te	I	They hurried in to see Trey , and a nurse nodded in their direction .
te	O	I thought knowing the truth about him would change my feelings , but it didn 't .
te	O	Its color changed immediately to an aqua blue and it licked its lips .
te	O	He was sincere now , but all that would change .
te	O	I said it to appease her , but the idea was interesting .
te	I	My dad was going to fill him in , but I hadn 't had a chance to talk to James in person .
te	I	It brought fear like she had never known into her life and it was painful .
te	I	He could hardly hear her , yet Nate was only an arm 's distance away .
te	I	His pupils are vast and his eyes snap open .
te	O	Every portion of my body seemed sore and I could barely move my arms anymore .
te	O	His skin was even more tanned than David remembered , and that wasn 't the only thing that had changed .
te	O	Her morning routine was off-kilter , and her mind had decided to wake itself up fully by way of protest .
te	O	I don 't know how you managed it , but you certainly changed them for the better .
te	O	Vikram believed that it was an issue of pride , but Ethan was aware that it was more than that .
te	I	They did not join in the accolades , but the younger Youth League members crawled out from under the platform now .
te	O	Intellectually she knew that dogs could not have thoughts like that , but one never knew .
te	O	Nisha could make a Luna , but she wasn 't one herself .
te	I	There she was , and he rounded a corner quickly .
te	O	Her disciples are improving , but even so she worries it is not quickly enough .
te	O	He turned to look at his wife , and Eliza nodded her approval .
te	O	She tried to adjust her position , but it didn 't work .
te	I	I was at the restaurant for a business meeting and I 'd met Marlene once by accident I ran into them when they were at dinner .
te	O	This time Callie did sit up and fire was in her eyes .
te	I	I don 't want to and I can 't make excuses .
te	O	She didn 't respond right away , and I felt a moment of panic .
te	I	He wanted to make her come , but he didn 't know what in the hell she 'd done to him .
te	O	She knew that he would be looking for a sign of her fear , and she didn 't want to appear weak before him .
te	I	There was some activity inside with men talking and the lower half was closed .
te	I	Her mouth was dry and her heart beat quicker .
te	O	I will take care of you , and I 'll explore what you need .
te	I	Her voice forgot how to speak and her lips forgot how to move .
te	I	Darkness fell upon Samara and the door was slammed shut .
te	I	I discovered she hadn 't taken off everything and as I moved upward to her neck , my fingers touched a fine metal chain .
te	I	The evidence was taken away and the recovery vehicle had arrived .
te	I	I didn 't know what else to say and her words cut my heart .
te	O	I heard something rasping along the canvas skin of our balloon , and I knew we must 've run into the bottom of a big floater .
te	O	A half dozen of his herd were Paints , and all the Paints I 'd been around were quicker than lightning .
te	O	Due to their increasing commercial value the medals were later deposited in a bank vault and only replicas were displayed in the British Legion Club .
te	O	I could sense that as I watched Bryn 's face screwed in concentration , but I was past the point of vocalization .
te	O	Henry sank into a chair , and she was by his side in an instant , rubbing his back in a motherly gesture .
te	I	He did not seem to notice the crystal sphere , but Jason held his breath as a man checked Rachel 's cloak .
te	I	They acted like I was a bad liar in the face of a serious accusation , but this seemed like a story everybody should have known .
te	I	That was the past , and I don 't want people to say , ' Well , segregation is over .
te	O	I look at this list and I see that you are looking for something .
te	I	She was smiling but her eyes were moist with tears .
te	I	The mosquitoes were incessant and it was getting darker .
te	O	He 's moving toward his dad , but he can 't catch up .
te	I	Her attempts at dating had been pathetic , to say the least , and her desire to be with other men had been zip since Shane .
te	I	I grip my sword harder and I 'm pulled out of my reverie so abruptly that my muscles tense .
te	I	Most people get pretty creeped out in there but some think it 's a religious ceremonial drawing .
te	O	I made him strong and I should never have punished him for it .
te	I	He was speculating a bit after he told me what they were planning , and my friend from Commerce is a fairly shrewd fellow .
te	O	A qualified assassin should be at home in any company , and able to play at least one musical instrument .
te	I	If that were the case it was more worrying , and on the other hand it could be a hunt .
te	O	I hated sending him away , but we desperately needed the money .
te	O	The tables were set , but most waited empty .
te	I	There is no point spilling our blood as well , but she 's going to save Patrick , if they make it , great .
te	O	It was early , but I was exhausted .
te	O	She might be unemployed now , but I still had a job .
te	I	My heart stops in place and I hear no showers running .
te	O	I want to help him and that means expecting nothing back .
te	O	His eyes held a hint of desperation and he grabbed my arms with newfound strength .
te	O	The demon might not be able to attack Cooper as part of the terms of its binding , but it could shroud him in darkness .
te	O	He didn 't look concussed , and his eye was ne .
te	I	It had the same swirling blue background with an alert of a message flashing back at me , and I picked it up .
te	O	She just smiled at me , but it was a sad smile .
te	O	The smile carries genuine warmth in it , and I smile back .
te	I	The male part of him responded and Tessa was a fetching woman .
te	I	She slowly started advancing on the librarian , but more tears slid down her face .
te	O	The line inched forward , and before I knew it we were presenting the burly bouncer with our IDs .
te	I	I still hated him , but he was the source of my livelihood at the moment .
te	I	I knew he was very confused , and I knew he had not meant to hurt me .
te	I	The words rush on , and he grips the sides of his bag .
te	O	The camera footage was shaky , but he was easy to recognise .
te	O	He kept his eyes low , and she wondered how far he had planned in advance .
te	I	He was gasping down breaths , his eyes wide , but she opened her mouth , ready to explain everything .
te	I	The third one did , but the first 2 codes did not .
te	O	Eduardo looked at Callum for confirmation , and for a long beat I thought he might disagree .
te	O	The metal is cold and it makes me wince .
te	I	In an instant he stabbed Agent Stokes in the chest , and something gray flashed from the folds of Nazar 's coat .
te	I	A curtain twitched in an upper room , but Fat Charlie wondered if perhaps the place was deserted .
te	O	I shook my head , trying to rattle the words free but they wouldn 't budge .
te	I	The music bit off with a twang , and the lid of the trunk slammed shut .
te	I	She 'd probably never be completely immune to him and maybe it was because they were alone for the first time in twelve years .
te	O	I try to work my arms between us to push him away , but his expression changes to something sad .
te	O	The rain made it necessary to peer close at the black letters , but when she read the words , Claire 's face lit in a smile .
te	I	Her vision became blurry and as she opened to a blank page , she could feel the tears swelling up in her eyes .
te	I	It did seem to help me but this clearly broke basic rule three .
te	O	We were safe for the night , but resting wasn 't on my mind .
te	O	That in itself had been a feat , but it had been a fabulous last year .
te	I	I handed Alice out myself , and the footman assisted me down .
te	I	The old man shook his head , but the fearless kid wheeled on him , his face alight .
te	O	He was still a rational thinking man but his physical appearance was just altered .
te	I	I was glad it wasn 't me , but I don 't know who Bill had caught a ride with .
te	I	We all turned our heads in the direction of his voice and he laughed once more .
te	I	My hopes for repairing my world , and along with Elliott 's diamond ring .
te	O	Jackson 's tension was palpable and I didn 't think it was a good idea to start muddling the present with the past .
te	I	He was not , and something that should not have been possible considering that she was very much alive .
te	O	Many people possessed a killer instinct , but most of the time the darkness inside of them never hatched .
te	I	You still keep yourself from me , yet you know I will help you .
te	I	I could only wonder what he was up to , and the major seemed more haggard with every passing day .
te	I	She 's old and it 's dark .
te	O	The panther got back up onto its feet , but it was too late .
te	O	She didn 't fully understand what he said , but it touched her in an unexpected way .
te	I	In anything about my husband I must not be interfered with , but I will do everything I can do to make you happy .
te	O	I 'd been selfish once , with the Queen , but I 'd learnt my lesson .
te	O	The sound of sirens roared closer , and a car purred up the drive .
te	O	I knew how badly you wanted to get out of that house , but you wouldn 't leave until you were certain he was sound asleep .
te	I	The electricity met in midair , and they fired more magic simultaneously .
te	O	I scrambled onto my knees , and he knew what I wanted .
te	I	She keeps talking , but I look away .
te	I	Calm was never used , but Excited was a rarity .
te	O	He had not forgotten about her defiance , her willfulness , but he did not find it as delightful as he once had .
te	I	Helplessness was not an emotion he was frequently confronted with , and he 'd never felt so goddamn helpless in his life .
te	O	The dust finally stopped at the edge of the river , and we crept across the bridge .
te	O	The hidden facility under the Atlantic was still maintained and a significant portion of the new enclave was also underground .
te	I	It wasn 't your fault , damn it , and it was over too fast , too soon .
te	O	I don 't see Katy , and I don 't feel her .
te	I	Judith waited , hoping for something more , and the troubled eyes closed , screwed tight .
te	O	He 'd strike down them all and they would know his calling .
te	O	Erik 's parents were basically good people , though his father could be a little on the stern side , and she genuinely liked them both .
te	O	I started the mini-van and we got back onto the highway .
te	I	She looks surprised , too and my grandma is standing next to him .
te	O	I don 't think there 's anywhere left to go , and even the bravest of us wouldn 't be caught dead in the Outlands .
te	I	His dark jacket had sand all over it and his faded jeans hung low on his hips .
te	O	It was unnerving and he didn 't know what to do .
te	O	She could have spent her time thinking , but her mind was numb - comfortably numb .
te	I	I wipe away the snot that flows from my nose , and hot tears stream down my face .
te	I	His mental machinations were achieved using computer logic , and his one flaw was that his thinking had been conditioned by his job .
te	O	His gaze was intense and he exhibited a maniacal kind of aura .
te	I	His arms felt empty and his shoulders felt heavy .
te	I	The look in her eyes gave proof to his statement , but she shook her head .
te	I	She lowered her face so Royce wouldn 't see and tears pricked her eyes .
te	O	There were no shopping baskets near the checkout at Chip 's , and of course this was a bad sign .
te	I	It 's crazy but I have no idea what he 's doing .
te	I	I 'm sure this is another angel thing , and New skin has already knitted neatly over the gashes .
te	I	Amy , who was type O , donated blood , which was given to him while they waited , and the night nurse called for the doctor .
te	O	She had an image to project and she didn 't feel safe in any way .
te	O	She handed him a few of the treats and he gobbled them loudly .
te	O	Life would never know if Brick 's feeble chat up line would have sunk the lovely assistant , but most people could make a fairly accurate guess .
te	I	I could change our future , but I couldn 't change our past .
te	O	He touched my elbow , and I did feel comforted .
te	I	I followed and Wanda rushed off .
te	I	The bastard was smiling ... and otherwise he was unharmed .
te	I	He gave himself up to the sheer pleasure of her body and Joy surged through him .
te	I	I 'm not really sure either way , but I shake my head .
te	I	The IOF had left out any topics about human sexuality but Will had taken a little biology .
te	O	He had half a mind to put them in the caves , but he couldn 't bring himself to do it .
te	O	It seemed odd to her , but she didn 't question it .
te	O	Now Isaac knew he 'd tried to get in during the day , and he 'd guard her house even more .
te	O	Her eyes felt heavy , and she let them slide closed .
te	O	He 'd messed up and now he had to make good .
te	I	Everyone had accepted that and he 'd thought it an accident , that he 'd fallen into the path of the already loosed arrow , .
te	I	In that moment she could have sworn there was more than just lust behind his request , but his voice was raw with desire .
te	O	I knew my cheeks were red as my name , and I couldn 't think of a word to say .
te	I	You possessed me , and I possessed you .
te	I	The Breakers swarmed her , and she went down screaming .
te	I	They 're rare , but I try to cling to memories of the man he was beneath all that .
te	O	You do know she is an adult and we are married .
te	I	It never came , but Sexton waited for the laugh .
te	I	Firmly , gently , led her up the stairs and he took her hand .
te	I	Her father arrived five hours later , and the girl told him the address of the hotel where she stayed .
te	O	Kevin was tired of the routine and he wasn 't helping his father by aiding in his addiction .
te	I	Now he was here , married to my mom , and my whole life I had wondered about my father .
te	O	Victoria stiffened and Liz glanced up at her .
te	O	The witch had given him inconceivable pleasure , and this was how he 'd thanked her ?
te	O	You test people all the time , test , test , test , but you really want them to be clever enough to beat you .
te	I	Getting away from the storm is pretty important , and I could go another couple of days before I ran out of oxygen .
te	O	Requesting someone different still gets me a Sentinel , but one that won 't know I recognize him for what he is .
te	I	I can be great parents , too and I think Adriane .
te	I	It could be a folly or it could be a future .
te	I	Then repeated on a loop and the recording stopped , clicking .
te	I	They were bound tightly with rope , but he would 've wiped them away if his hands had been free .
te	I	That was not the case with the Janelle impostor , but the big black man had to stand nose to nose to establish a connection with Mac .
te	I	It was frenetic but she loved it .
te	O	For some reason it seemed to taste foul , dirty , but I persevered .
te	O	It was still early in the day , and she decided to visit the administrative offices to make some enquiries .
te	O	She appeared nonchalant about looking at my writing , but I saw a flush in her pale skin .
te	I	I didn 't ; but before I said it I thought I would probably immediately regret it after I did .
te	I	His tobacco tinged laugh filled her eyes , and Matt 's grip tightened .
te	I	His face changed , and he looked up .
te	O	I blink hard , trying to get a good look at her , the strobe lights making it difficult , but then they stop .
te	I	Brennan took the opportunity to connect his fist with Reid 's jaw , and Reid was thrown off balance with the force of his own throw .
te	I	We are very different but I love my sister .
te	I	Certain things in life weren 't in her control , but of course , that 's what Anna wanted to .
te	O	Not the blow he 'd intended , but the space was tight .
te	I	Then she was being spun around , and an arm curled around her waist .
te	O	The message was received and Karen stopped her attack .
te	I	Paulie was perpetually single because he couldn 't keep his opinions to himself , and he viewed women as good for only one thing .
te	O	He considered running , but the warrior bellowed again .
te	O	I looked down , gathering myself , and then started telling her every moment I remembered with them .
te	I	She 's already on her way home , and she helped me find you .
te	I	Hugs her and Adel reaches out .
te	I	It felt better to laugh than bawl her head off , but she doubted she would ever be that ridiculous .
te	O	Jake was still pissed , but he was in control .
te	I	He turned away from her , jamming his feet into boots , but she reached for him .
te	I	We were now living together in Jackson 's apartment and I had given up my apartment a while ago .
te	I	She 'd been sick twice already and her nearly white hair was matted around her face .
te	I	The horse was too fast , but following the horse was a mob of kids in pursuit .
te	O	We all have it , the enhanced sense of smell , but Nathan 's ability is extraordinary .
te	O	You 'll have to contact the Bishop , or I will .
te	O	It was beautiful and I didn 't fear you at all .
te	I	His gut told him they were as honest as they appeared , but so far there were three who could use another look .
te	I	They stood together quietly and Hugh stepped alongside him .
te	I	Things would be put right again and perhaps his generals were finally coming .
te	I	The decorative urn that graced it lay shattered on the floor , and a side table had been overturned .
te	O	Maybe the bars were all full , or maybe they needed cooling down too .
te	I	The screen was cool , like a wall made of a flexible glass , but I did so .
te	O	Sure , she may have tripped , but if he hadn 't pushed her so hard , she wouldn 't have lost her balance .
te	O	Thankfully the fire hadn 't taken hold or there would have been nothing left .
te	O	He has a small smile on his face , but it 's nowhere close to bringing world peace .
te	I	Everyone will know that I 've been lying or I need to get out of here fast .
te	I	It was too late , but I immediately covered my mouth .
te	O	Angela nodded and Will grunted his agreement .
te	O	Martin was a loner but he seemed well equipped to get along with the most unlovable .
te	O	Darcy pulled back but he wouldn 't release her hands .
te	I	They both smile at me and Gavin holds his arm out .
te	I	Helena 's face flushed red and lucius sat on the grass at her feet .
te	I	He touched her face and he smelled her hair .
te	O	I found her at the bar and I made my way towards her .
te	O	I tried to swallow it down , but the pain in her eyes was so familiar .
te	I	He acknowledged them with a nod and they acknowledged him because of her .
te	I	There was no mistaking the fear in his eyes , but I wasn 't sure why Kiernan thought I was in danger .
te	I	Tingles spread outward , flushing her skin , and he swirled his hips , grinding into the source of her pleasure .
te	I	He needed to check Rollie out , and they were going to need to stop for gas soon .
te	O	She 'd be able to get there if those guys were out of the way , but then she 'd be surrounded .
te	I	My muscles burned , but I moved them out a little more .
te	O	She winked and I laughed .
te	O	His voice was harsh and he grabbed my arm .
te	O	We moved in and everyone got slaughtered .
te	O	The floor seemed to rise , and she buckled to her knees .
te	I	He didn 't think they were going to get anything useful out of him , and he was sick of speaking to the low-life thug .
te	I	I can tell she isn 't but she 's trying to act calm .
te	O	She tried swallowing the lump in her throat but it wouldn 't go down without a fight .
te	O	He kissed her calf , and she gripped the sheets .
te	O	Paulette was a woman , and she tried to play hardball with Amber .
te	O	I 'm happy and I don 't care if he knows .
te	I	Tom couldn 't help hoping that the bastard had left town and there hadn 't been any killings in the last few days .
te	O	She opened her mouth to tell him exactly that , but he had started explaining the nature of mates .
te	I	Whenever he was nervous his throat clogged with chocolate , and he was nervous .
te	O	It 's always so quiet in my room and I hate it .
te	O	I 'm basically right under her now , and since I use my backpack to carry everything , my hands are free .
te	I	He turned to see a man , clad head to toe in black , stand up and a small flurry of movement caught his eye .
te	O	The water there was still over her waist , and she had to pull herself out with one hand on either stone .
te	I	She remembered how this man felt , but she didn 't remember his face .
te	I	It seemed too horrible to contemplate , but the answer glimmered at the corner of her mind .
te	O	She isn 't , but my memories of her are .
te	I	He felt that blast of nauseating , paralyzing cold stagger him ... and he was growing weary .
te	O	They 'll listen to you and I 'm right behind you .
te	O	The Beater honked , and we broke off kissing .
te	I	This time shook his head but Harry gave me another look .
te	I	She latches onto me , crossing her ankles behind my back and spreading my fingers around her legs , I pick her up .
te	O	He started to speak , but she shook her head .
te	I	She 'd be screaming for the door and he 'd eat her up in one bite .
te	O	She had the darkest eyes of anyone I 'd met and every time I looked at them I felt as transparent as paper .
te	O	A minute later my wound closed by itself , and I took a step back to watch .
te	O	The house looked gorgeous , like always , and it raised Jane 's hackles to hear otherwise .
te	O	Ellery 's the woman of your dreams , and you 're finally making her your wife .
te	O	I was screwing this one bitch and she told me she was pregnant .
te	I	She became dizzy and her vision blurred .
te	I	Even she could not outmaneuver a group of vampires forever , and Max could not move through the trees like she could .
te	O	True , I felt sorry for Trey , but it was the source behind the tattoos that intrigued me .
te	I	It swung to and Mouse shoved at the door with a little snort of familiar effort .
te	O	His eyebrow rose and he leaned forward .
te	I	Brendan was nowhere to be seen , but they searched for half an hour .
te	I	I 'm lost in the swirling torment that 's in the shadows of them , and my eyes find his .
te	I	They never will , and they have never had a path .
te	I	I was completely disconcerted , and he gave Sara his hand to shake , a polite practice between people meeting for the first time .
te	O	Shane had offered me some breakfast but I 'd passed .
te	I	Even I had boundaries at work , but I wasn 't afraid to tart it up .
te	O	They emerged onto the ward and she turned to him urgently .
te	I	Everything turned so white , and it 's funny how the trees have become thin .
te	O	I try to buck him off , but he 's not going anywhere .
te	I	She 'd pulled her silver hair back into a messy ponytail , and her usually immaculate uniform hung in wrinkles from her thin frame .
te	I	We don 't reveal the firm 's name even to guards , but we 've had a security firm on retainer for years as a backup .
te	I	He couldn 't figure out exactly what it meant , but a tiny bell had started ringing in his head .
te	O	He moves unsteadily , a marionette with broken strings , and it breaks her heart , seeing this so clearly .
te	O	I didn 't want to admit it , but it looked like our only option left .
te	I	She no longer wanted to be in this room , and Evie realised any appetite she 'd had was gone .
te	O	I don 't know why , but I 'm slightly disappointed , which shocks me .
te	O	Her voice remained firm , but he felt the fine tremor in her arm .
te	I	He jerked his head toward a chair , and his fat fingers flicked across the screen .
te	O	I don 't know much , but I know what I don 't know .
te	O	I realized her hands were still in mine , and I drew mine back to the steering wheel .
te	I	She thought cutting it would keep her from being recognized , and she had always worn it long .
te	I	I could feel sweat trickling down my cheeks like hot oil and my own hand was throbbing .
te	O	His features tightened , and his brow furrowed .
te	I	Jane couldn 't , but she wanted to deny it .
te	I	I put Maggie in her lap , and Reagan climbs into the backseat of her Camry .
te	I	I didn 't know what to say and my heart stopped for a split second .
te	O	No one ignored them , but there was a distinct lack of overt interest .
te	I	We 're already getting kind of a late start , and we have to head right to the church this morning , just like we promised .
te	I	Then Courtney could join us for sure , and we could make it after school , instead .
te	I	The door was closed , but it had come flying out of the lab .
te	I	Somehow , I escaped narrowly , but they tried to rag me .
te	I	The gardens are beautiful , and I have several acres .
te	O	She was wide eyed and her hands were up to her cheeks .
te	O	I took a quick look at the other brothers and they all had the same quizzical expression .
te	O	He hears the twins crying , but he cannot find them .
te	I	She couldn 't live without it , but she hated the publicity .
te	O	My head reaches to his shoulder and I 'm reminded again of how tall he is , how small I am .
te	O	No one has said anything to me , but this is my choice .
te	I	I cannot think of a better way to go , but my next lovemaking session would kill me .
te	O	Akiva asked , and for a second Karou thought he was serious .
te	O	Ears might be anywhere else and I preferred not to speculate .
te	I	Her anguish weighed heavily on the women , and Raven 's face was streaked with tears .
te	O	There was a baby growing under Charlotte 's skirt and McCoy was trying to leave .
te	O	Isaiah still looked angry , but he didn 't respond .
te	I	The doctor checked the baby 's heartbeat once more , and Lexie grimaced with the effort .
te	O	It was funny how he disappeared and you came back .
te	I	His work was still in its early stages , but his research had the potential to protect many species against the ravages to come .
te	O	I racked my brain for more but it wouldn 't come .
te	I	Immediately set to work fixing him tea and * Shera stepped into Cid 's house .
te	O	The force of the blow threw Vin back against the wall , and her cheek blazed with pain .
te	O	Sure , the bear story was about beds , but the concept is the same .
te	O	We hadn 't passed near any residences , and I was sure that was on purpose .
te	I	Where else could she go , but it was a risky move ?
te	I	It was still beautiful , but the city sky wasn 't filled with stars the way it was back home .
te	O	It was getting late in the day and the sun was disappearing beyond the mountains .
te	O	They were very nice boots , but she did not feel particularly like kissing them .
te	I	Their words more than urged her , but neither of the demons laid a finger on her .
te	I	Briar turned away in shame and in the moments that followed Barret surprisingly remained silent .
te	O	Heat blistered his skin and he studied the geometric design on the wall-to-wall carpet .
te	I	It was nearly that now , and Dinner bookings started at five .
te	O	We stood at the edge of the sidewalk and I waited for him to lead the way .
te	O	It may have been in the past , but he needed to know .
te	I	Size is evidently an indication of rank in the hierarchy of Hell , and it was a Demon Lord , though .
te	I	The pleasure began and he was splintering her insides so strongly that she wasn 't sure when the pain ended .
te	I	In truth , the drive to Gandia was exceedingly pleasant but I had expected a stream of old , unpleasant memories .
te	O	I regret to inform you Berger , but most of the bandits were slain .
te	O	Grams informed Aunt Cat but it was enlightening to me as well .
te	O	He looked at me and I waved in response .
te	O	He leaned in over my desk and I involuntarily leaned back .
te	I	He couldn 't read what was going on in her head , but her eyes flashed brilliant sparks .
te	O	She started to pull her hand away , but he refused to relinquish control back to her .
te	I	He felt like he 'd found someone on his own level , and she talked to him as if he were her equal .
te	O	I can 't say that I have , but I don 't reply .
te	I	They sat down together and Archie followed him over .
te	O	Most of the council had acted as staff at Eden Manor , and Theo had taken up the position of Master of the Guard .
te	I	Jo prayed that the TV crew wasn 't going to show up and all the neighbors had gathered on the street to watch .
te	I	He would know what you were and if I gave you a real name , his jealousy would get the better of him .
te	I	The chains restricted her movement , but she attempted to back away .
te	I	It carried with it the same sense of open danger , and her voice was the sound of knives being sharpened .
te	O	For a second , she thought she was losing him to a bad call , but then Ethan spoke as he clutched her hand tighter .
te	O	He plucks his phone out and texts Gage .
te	O	He felt bad that he didn 't get home sooner with the drugs but he couldn 't help it .
te	O	With the third she stopped and Linda still remained quiet .
te	I	My thoughts begin to tangle and the headache 's coming on .
te	O	Luc released a curse , but catching sight of Holly 's pale face , he gave a slow nod .
te	I	I hurried to catch up with him , and he started walking again , like nothing even remotely weird had just happened .
te	O	She would never , and I repeat never , eat anything served on a stick .
te	I	He wasn 't fireproof , yet Marty was a vampire .
te	O	We 'll bring in CSU to see about collecting some prints , but the guy was wearing gloves .
te	O	Julia had told Tara she and Gio were waiting until they were married before they bought a house .
te	O	The computer responded fast and he swore .
te	O	She 'd just turned thirty-two and she couldn 't be gone .
te	I	He didn 't but he was supposed to pay them a couple thousand the moment he received his tax refund .
te	O	The President didn 't pray , but he was thinking deeply .
te	O	She was smiling again , gently teasing him , and Jacques felt surrounded by her light .
te	O	She stared into his cruel eyes , and everything came to an end .
te	I	More defenders fell than invaders , but men went down on both sides .
te	I	Please try to target someone else with your spells , but I 'll let you get back to your fun .
te	I	I told daddy I was buying popularity , but I pretty much blew my expense account .
te	O	Matt had asked me to go to some party with him , and of course , I said no .
te	I	Her breath burst out on a gasp , and he fell on top of her .
te	O	A few blinks , and it 's done .
te	O	There was only one thing left to do , and it was time for me to do it .
te	I	I smiled , and Trina 's boyfriend Kyle walked out .
te	I	They did not know that they suffered and they loved each other .
te	I	Bob grabs some last minute things from the house and we help move his storage bins into the basket .
te	I	Was one of the small handful in this town that believed me and he was actually a very nice man .
te	O	That is all the response I give him and although unsatisfied , he doesn 't push me for more .
te	I	You can beg his forgiveness , and we 'll tell The Scholar that you were trying to protect her .
te	I	I 'll never see him again , and she 'll imprison him behind bars .
te	O	Oh , she had checked on me from time to time , but this visit would alter my circumstances in ways I could never have imagined .
te	I	I let George speak and she closed her eyes .
te	O	It will and it should .
te	I	They all quieted , and there was a gasp among the Legion .
te	I	I didn 't feel like it , but I really should do a write-up .
te	O	Scarlett 's face brightened , but she still appeared dubious .
te	O	I 'd got a couple of promotions from some finds I 'd made , but nothing I could write a book about .
te	O	We needed to be together during that troubled time , and we needed the calm that always pervaded that familiar room at the top of the tower .
te	I	Off he went and came the reply .
te	I	I held up a hand , but she started to interrupt again .
te	O	Mike had his head leaned toward his girlfriend , and the others were engrossed in their own conversations .
te	I	There were too many other pressing matters he couldn 't ignore , but he would have liked to stay within that place for much longer .
te	O	This time , when he opened it , there was no memory flashback and he walked right on through .
te	I	A bunch of nomads didn 't carry a tropical plant across the Bering Straight in the ice age , and you have to transplant a whole plant !
te	I	Somehow , I hadn 't been able to reach him , but every dream brought me closer to him .
te	I	Her eyes twinkled playfully and dimples appeared in her cheeks .
te	O	Annoyed , she tried to shake him off without spilling her coffee , but some sloshed out of her cup anyway , into the dirty snow .
te	O	Jack didn 't seem to care in the slightest that her body was cold and her chest was silent .
te	I	We 're going to talk about him and you 're going to eat this delicious hamburger steak meal .
te	I	It 's very true , but you may not believe it now .
te	O	My eyes lifted from the thick beige pages , and a cold chill pounded its way through my body .
te	I	It was a losing proposition , but she tried not to stare .
te	O	Haven 's shoulders dropped and she raised her eyebrows .
te	O	My stomach clenched and I instantly tensed up .
te	O	He was still laughing and it just made me even more angry .
te	O	Joe went to the doctor for a stress test and everything was normal , which was a big relief .
te	O	Perhaps I should not trust you , either , but what choice have I ?
te	I	I lost the trail , and because I was wolf first in this form , I became distracted by their movement , their smell .
te	I	Then she 's a stupid girl , but marigold , that 's a stupid name .
te	O	A thought occurred to me , and I put the hat on .
te	O	Despite how busy she now was , my teacher still managed to urge me to meet her coven , and I agreed for a few different reasons .
te	I	The salad was growing limp in its bowl , and upstairs the burgers were burning on the grill .
te	I	It felt like I was in danger , and I knew I was being taken somewhere .
te	I	The oil on the filter created a slick surface , but I yank hard on the wrench .
te	O	It was breathtaking and I missed this .
te	I	Danica breathed freely again , and Belinda left the store .
te	O	He thought he 'd known about love once upon a time , but he hadn 't known a damn thing about what love really was .
te	O	I checked inside the walk-in wardrobe for signs of her , but all of her dresses were gone .
te	O	I shouted that time , and people turned to look .
te	I	Part of me desperately wanted to , and I imagined it was a call for help .
te	I	She had already found solutions to her problems , but Amy felt Jo 's arguments were more legitimate .
te	O	They didn 't know it yet , but the townspeople gradually lost their rights .
te	I	It wasn 't without its difficulties , but it had been a joyous time .
te	I	The other men have been tossing around and he was telling me the theories he .
te	I	She curled back into him , and as she accepted his answer , the tension eased .
te	I	Rachel realised suddenly that she was sniffing the air , like a dog trying to pick up a scent , and still her head was swinging around .
te	O	I have been with him almost every day for the past three weeks , and during that time , I 've never seen him this serious .
te	I	I leaped away without meaning to , but Puck reached for me .
te	I	She didn 't want to have anything deeper and it was great how it was .
te	I	With my left I draw at the leather strings at my neck , withdrawing the pouch there , and I keep my right hand near my hip .
te	I	This ship is a lot farther out than that , and it was a stretch finding that water on Minerva .
te	I	Somehow the words hung in the silence , yet I wasn 't sure anyone had spoken .
te	O	A gasp escaped her , and her eyelids popped open .
te	O	He hung his legs out of the trunk , and I removed the bicycle lock from his ankles .
te	O	Every inch of me is vibrating with anger and I know he can see it .
te	I	I was a little underwhelmed , but I imagined a lot of women found him attractive .
te	I	Ali nodded , and Hanna asked Ali .
te	I	I catch her before I lose control , and she slips her fingers down over the bulge in my jeans .
te	O	Sean doesn 't show emotion , but that doesn 't mean anything .
te	I	She was raised without any margin for error , but I know she seems cold .
te	I	Not before it did a good deal of harm to you , but we were able to get it out .
te	I	He nodded , and I said .
te	I	A thought struck me , and her fingernails sparked , circuitry pulsing with green light .
te	I	He growled deep in his chest and my teeth bit into the soft skin around his nipple .
te	I	The voting began , and the Speaker of the House started roll call .
te	I	You will disappear and they will take you away .
te	I	Kelly deserved to have her escort waiting for her , but he hated being inside with ghostly memories attempting to push through .
te	O	He stares me down , as if he can tell if I 'm menstruating just by looking at me , and then he waves me out .
te	O	He 'd been strong , and Iris - sweet Iris - had been weak .
te	O	Max asked , but Gio didn 't answer .
te	I	I stared , and I looked back , almost as if his pleasure were my permission to continue .
te	I	Rose will be appointed a leader at some point and we 'll be in one section .
te	O	They like the music , and it makes them smile .
te	I	I pulled a menu out of the drawer , and we headed down to the kitchen .
te	O	This young girl was exquisitely gorgeous and the deep compassion shining through her lovely eyes only added to her beauty .
te	I	The door refused to budge , but she tugged on the latch with both hands .
te	I	I would gladly give my life in service to my Lord and I know it to be true .
te	O	Zoey was on a mission and the people soon became skeptical .
te	O	I shrugged , and he laughed .
te	I	I figured that was where Beth was , and one of the bedroom doors was closed .
te	I	It seemed like he 'd forgotten all about it , because this hurt so , so much worse , but Shane had an arrow in his shoulder .
te	O	He had received partial payment up front and this current phone call was made by Price to arrange for the remainder to be handed over .
te	I	Maybe he 'd realized that Stuart was about to get tossed out , or the dwarf must have somehow sneaked past Xavier inside .
te	O	He 's so busy , and I 'm in school most of the time .
te	I	Kendall hadn 't been surprised when she 'd heard the news , but matthias hadn 't spoken much about his broken engagement .
te	O	He quickly smoothed his face back into a mask of patient concern but it was too late .
te	I	It seems a little public , and nothing happened at the hotel .
te	O	I shout , but my words come too late .
te	I	It was after eight before they ended the meeting and the four women continued to discuss the event .
te	O	I gave him a smile , wishing I could say more , but the room was too full of other concerns .
te	I	I was stripping the gray adhesive from his entire body and one more quick scan with the .38 .
te	I	She just knew she would , but she shouldn 't want more .
te	O	that made his blood go cold , and simultaneously the front window imploded with a shower of glass slivers .
te	O	Eric was a brother figure to him , and the boy rarely dared oppose his elder cousin .
te	I	Please keep in mind that everything inside belongs to her alone , but Gracie is the co-owner of the property .
te	I	This is the first time I have talked to slaves and I 've lived in the north all of my life .
te	I	They wanted her back and their newborn daughter had been snatched from the hospital .
te	I	Stalker 's scouts did most of the heavy lifting , and we were on the road for over a week .
te	I	I had come to relieve myself carrying only the bat , and there were no lights around other than the dull embers of the fire .
te	O	Our tongues tangled and he tasted beautiful .
te	O	The dark eyes gazing at me became forest green , and it was Lucas with me , his mouth on mine .
te	O	They said the morgue had to do an autopsy and then accidentally had him cremated before his funeral .
te	O	The evening came slowly , and Abby didn 't came to my door .
te	O	Something had been bothering him , besides his most evident problems , and he was determined to figure out an answer .
te	O	I take a step , preparing to have to use a little force to get out of his grasp but he lets me go without any resistance .
te	O	The volume of a sitcom lowered and Anna opened the door .
te	I	The vehicle began to roll even as Nicole lost her hold on consciousness and the air bags exploded .
te	I	Cassie noticed it had been cut into layers , and she 'd let down her dark brown hair .
te	O	She spoke five languages , but since most were of the Eastern European variety they seemed pretty useless in the fast lane .
te	O	His arrogant look had grown more arrogant , but it was more focused now , more professional .
te	O	Brother Martin also heard confessions , but he had a different approach to protect their souls from evil .
te	I	They 'd both signed , and that stack of papers still sitting on the kitchen table over there declared it .
te	I	Finan did not hear it but the voice was insistent .
te	I	You can operate the knob and I am certain that you are Prince Jake .
te	I	As the water drops hit , he could see faint blue flickers of the shield over her wound , and her head fell back on his chest .
te	O	He spun around to face away from her and Angela stood slowly up , linking her arm in Williams .
te	O	Guilt clouded his expression , but he maintained eye contact .
te	O	She looked at him , and knowing he was right , she nodded .
te	O	They glanced at one another and Aidan gave her a smirk .
te	O	His mother looked up at him with eyes which were far too discerning , and he fought the urge to murder his brothers where they stood .
te	O	The metal doors shook violently and they heard the clanging of swords behind it .
te	I	My head was throbbing and Blood was gushing out of my arm .
te	I	You couldn 't hear it until the doors were open , but a faint humming came from within .
te	I	A brittle edge had entered her voice , but her smile was still in place .
te	O	His plan was coming to fruition , and a revolution was imminent .
te	I	Then we blockade , and first we burn .
te	I	You were gone and I woke up .
te	I	These same exact symptoms were present today and the symptoms had started shortly after going off the medication .
te	O	Nicolas pulled her to his chest , and she was helpless to stop him .
te	O	It had not taken long , two minutes at most , but it had felt incredible .
te	I	If we did not see this through , the situation would hang heavily on our shoulders and the police would regard our evidence as circumstantial .
te	O	She stroked higher up his thigh and he damn near drove into a ditch .
te	O	I got out of there as fast as I could , but politely in case I needed something from Debbie later .
te	I	We had already seen what changing time could do and this battle was meant to take place .
te	O	We were climbing up a steep hill and I guessed where we were .
te	O	He didn 't take it , and her irritation grew into frustration .
te	I	I wasn 't used to talking to panthers who 'd become human , and I wasn 't used to being out in the country .
te	I	Her throat swelled and her breath caught .
te	I	She didn 't focus on him but her eyes opened to mere slits .
te	I	Car engines were only faintly heard , but Streets surrounded the park .
te	O	The streets were rising slightly , and by the look of the houses , we were entering the oldest part of the city .
te	O	The sound had been entertaining at first , but now it grated on her .
te	I	Things have changed , but in the past , a soul couldn 't survive a body 's death .
te	O	The girls had gone inside and he heard the dishwasher door open .
te	I	He demands a private meeting with you , and you are the daughter of the man who is currently challenging him in the polls ?
te	O	I didn 't like what I was hearing but any interruptions would just slow Jack down .
te	O	The TV smashed to pieces , and I instinctively shielded my face from the flying fragments with my arms .
te	O	I was held by the police as part of a murder investigation but I never told you the whole story .
te	O	Seconds later he wandered off , and she was alone with Helen .
te	O	Of course , the crystal was their ultimate goal , but they would have time to worry about it later on .
te	O	He halted abruptly at the large landing and she slammed into him .
te	O	I make to speak but I 'm too late .
te	I	I turn back to look at him through the back window , and the car pulls away .
te	I	The panther instinctively knew what it was , but she didn 't exactly recognize it .
te	O	He realized that it had been less than 30 seconds since the cave-in occurred , but it seemed like an eternity .
te	I	His ears rang , and it was like getting hit by a hammer .
te	O	The web that tied them together had brought them very close , and there were some wonderful things about it .
te	O	Another crew member slapped the speaker across the stomach , and he changed his answer .
te	O	His heart hurt , but it would heal .
te	I	A nurse approached them and thirty minutes passed .
te	O	Her name is Maria Hermosa , and there 's Jerry Pratt .
te	O	Logan 's pace increased , and I hurried my own to keep up .
te	O	There has been no sighting of Timothy Hutchins ' parents yet , but we hope they 'll make a statement soon .
te	O	I appreciate what you 're trying to do , but it would never work .
te	I	Bones lashed together with cords and it was made of branches .
te	O	Josh placed a comforting arm on Carol 's stomach , and she screamed out in pain .
te	I	It shook its ragged head and the crow 's yellow eyes widened .
te	O	The fish was still alive , and it flopped about , wetting Randa further .
te	O	A wave of nausea came over her again as blood trickled down her throat from the back of her nostrils , and she gagged .
te	I	Suddenly it all seemed very close to home , but she didn 't know him personally .
te	O	It isn 't quite dark and I 'm already in bed .
te	I	Suddenly I wasn 't taking it , but my exit lane was coming up .
te	I	This wasn 't one of those times , but sometimes Hannah used it to her advantage .
te	O	We stayed out super late the night of the reveal , and I knew I 'd pay for it the next morning .
te	I	Rory loved the feel of water , but vampires could clean themselves .
te	O	He gave to key to me , and we flew closer to the door .
te	O	Although the snow had ceased , the cold had intensified , and it adhered to her like a new layer of skin .
te	I	The words slipped out but she knew playing dumb wasn 't the answer .
te	I	Rachel had ignored them , but he 'd made overtures to that effect .
te	I	They sat at the edge of a large rock and Anna shuffled towards Justus .
te	O	The woman refuses to press charges , but the man is escorted off the property with a warning not to return .
te	I	Her stomach gurgled and her shoulders slumped .
te	O	If he failed , then so be it , but at least he took the chance to live .
te	O	A sharp point contacted the back of his neck and he felt the coolness of blood trickle from the scratch .
te	I	She swipes the knife at him and he pushes her .
te	I	He smirked at me , and I narrowed my eyes at him .
te	O	His knees trembled underneath him and he could hardly keep his head up .
te	O	He had never fought anyone in his life , and here he was fighting his undead wife for his life .
te	I	I 'm pretty sure she wouldn 't be down with that , and I might attack Grace on the dance floor .
te	I	One of those was doing extreme sports activities he loved , and there were some ways I just didn 't fit into Vincent 's lifestyle .
te	I	His lips are chapped , and his hair is a tangle .
te	I	It wasn 't simply because of the unexpected heat wave , and Allan could feel the temperature rising among the fur traders .
te	O	Except this time he was in much better spirits and his bench was partly occupied .
te	I	You 're officially over the cliff and the wheels have left the ground .
te	I	He lowered his head and his expression changed .
te	O	He was worried about something , and instead of thinking , he just rushed down .
te	O	Over the past six years she 'd dated , but no one had affected her the way this man did .
te	O	I duck away from its reaching hand , and it levers itself back upright .
te	O	We are going to fail and those who are foolhardy enough to get involved with us will perish by our side !
te	I	She drops her legs from her curled up position , allowing them to swing from the ledge as she looks at me and Melina looks dismayed .
te	O	She didn 't want to think it was possible , but she was done being naive .
te	O	My mother goggles at her , and it takes all my power not to laugh .
te	I	Something else was behind it , but Liam 's tone was calm .
te	I	She resented me for it , and he 'd ignored her advances .
te	O	He obeys and I hold my hands over the heat of the lamp .
te	I	I can see her belly , and she 's wearing gym clothes .
te	I	Winter was looking up , but she may not have been able to envision the summer .
te	I	Sadly there was nothing to learn , but we all tried to listen in on the conversation .
te	O	He may have been despicable , but he was not entirely stupid .
te	O	He was as young as the other boy , but the look on his face was starkly different to the one with the key .
te	I	Some of the fellas are not keen on them being in 5.56 mm but they 're certainly lighter .
te	O	The wind whistled through the cracks of the shed , but there were no voices , no evidence of movement .
te	I	Even one of their sons has already passed away , a heart attack at 60 , but her older brothers lived into their late 70s at least .
te	O	The dark night for us returns and we shall yet again face persecution .
te	I	This woman was on a whole other level , but Lola had a way of doing that .
te	O	My heartbeat quickened and my throat suddenly felt as if I 'd been gargling with dust .
te	I	He was just leaving her , and he knew how she felt .
te	I	I had nowhere else to go , but I didn 't want to stay at the Mitchells ' .
te	I	She dialed Zuzana , who picked up on the first ring , and she asked him .
te	O	She started to unpack the basket , and I sat down across from her , folding my knees to my chest .
te	I	He closed his eyes , shaking , and Color rushed back into his face .
te	I	Really going at it and they were pointed at the sky .
te	O	Then the door was open , and I closed my eyes tightly .
te	O	The princess 's eyes grew wet and she sucked in a hard breath .
te	I	An invisible force dragged me toward her , past the boundary of Eden Manor , but I dug my heels into the ground .
te	O	Ben 's head hit the wall and he fell to the ground unconscious .
te	I	For some reason Casey bore the brunt of her wrath , and it always put her mom in a cranky temper .
te	I	If they know who you are it will not go well for you and the army is getting closer with every breath .
te	O	My name was Noah Grayson and I was a construction worker .
te	I	We were making good time until we had a small technical problem - a large technical problem , actually , and we set off without them .
te	I	I 've geared them up for battle just as you commanded and I 've taken my place as commander of the army .
te	O	Answer me , or I will force you to go back to the house .
te	O	I know it might sound stupid , but I loved listening to his heartbeat .
te	O	His breathing quickened , and his dick rose up in the water .
te	I	I knew that wasn 't the case , but I wanted to hope that he was irate about that .
te	I	I realized that she didn 't know that I knew she had personal worries , and she looked at me in surprise .
te	O	Her hair hung in tight ringlets past her shoulders and she smiled at the camera as if she loved whoever took the photos .
te	I	I saw Alex glance back and I watched them flying away .
te	O	I glanced over , and she totally was .
te	O	He turns to the others and his tone reflects his anxiety .
te	I	He could no longer feel the flapping of the wings , and it felt like some bubble had clamped shut over him .
te	I	He was just as baffled , but I glanced at Eddie again .
te	O	Some spattered on my pants , but it couldn 't be helped .
te	I	He wasn 't about to tell a twelve-year-old girl about it , and he 'd guarded the secret of the snake tooth for centuries .
te	O	Chloe yells , and I lean my head back to look at the ceiling before letting out a long breath .
te	I	I knew he felt me tremble , and it made me weak in the knees .
te	O	All of their requests were drowned by the car 's engine and they finally moved out of the way when it lurched forward .
te	I	No one could hold a candle to what I saw in Ethan , but yes , I noticed them , in that I knew they existed .
te	O	I put my hand on his arm , but he jerks it back .
te	O	Even Claire had felt it , and she should have known better .
te	O	I spotted a small car backing out in the next aisle over , and Katie maneuvered into the spot like a pro .
te	I	He laughed as he sauntered to the bedroom and I growled at him .
te	O	My whole body feels like it 's turned to liquid , and I barely resist the urge to melt to the floor .
te	I	I blink them back , but my eyes fill with tears .
te	O	It was his baby and he pampered it .
te	O	Ice had led the way across the island , but he paused to wave Nik in front of him .
te	I	I know that doesn 't mean anything , but I can 't apologize enough for him .
te	O	Small talk abounded , but always , the discussion wound back to the twins .
te	O	Larry knew he could get himself in trouble if caught , but it was for the union .
te	I	They didn 't know how to reach you , but they tried to phone you .
te	I	They enjoyed the meal tremendously , especially since there was coffee made by Sakura , and it was lovely .
te	I	Your GPA is impeccable and your college fund is untouched .
te	O	There were fewer pictures to scan this time , but Arthur helped her where he was able .
te	O	On Monday , they visited the third hospital in the area , but there was no sign of Gustav .
te	O	Lauren 's eyes were focused on his face and he could see her misery written deep in her eyes .
te	O	It seemed he wanted it done right then , and I didn 't want to disappoint him .
te	O	I know it 's hard and it quietly breaks my heart .
te	I	The city of Paris was spread out before me , and a narrow walkway circled the top of the Eiffel .
te	O	Ian 's blue eyes gleamed with amusement and he squeezed my hand before releasing it .
te	I	He would be brought to heel with the threat of Cammie , but Travis would also pay for his part in aiding Eve .
te	O	Bryan 's arms were wrapped around me in a warm embrace , but I didn 't feel reassured .
te	O	My jaw hung open , and I couldn 't speak .
te	O	Chapter Seventeen It was the following morning , and Michael was to return home from his business trip some time before lunch .
te	O	Liza shot her a reassuring look , but the woman didn 't acknowledge her .
te	O	He grabbed my hand , and I stumbled after him .
te	O	It was just sitting there , and I was entirely certain that it hadn 't been there before I 'd jumped into the shower .
te	I	Thus far , our brick hadn 't yielded any clues , and the Ozarks consisted of a very large expanse of land .
te	O	The Circle did not come to New York again , but Magnus did see them one more time .
te	O	Julia 's eyes widened , and she laughed in surprise .
te	I	She was winding up Eric 's frenzy at the same time as she was relieving it , and she was a beautiful Shifter woman .
te	O	Elena might have red hair , but she 's not the devil .
te	O	He doesn 't know where they are , but he 's afraid you 'll find them .
te	I	I listened in and Gilgamesh was in communication with the other craft .
te	O	He was trembling again , and he hated it when he started trembling .
te	O	Chewing the bark made him think of real food , and his stomach released spasms of displeasure that momentarily overwhelmed his other pains .
te	I	I nodded , and her eyes went wide .
te	O	I didn 't want to look at her , but her presence was like a fire burning at the corner of my eye .
te	O	I fought for what I wanted and I didn 't quit until I got it .
te	I	This beauty was misleading , but their own galaxy filled the sky with bright jewels .
te	I	It made him significantly improved , but he wasn 't at full strength .
te	I	Bannister walks , and Bannister squeals on Rucker , who gives a bogus confession , which leads to an immediate indictment .
te	O	In time , she 'd regret her outburst , but she didn 't then .
te	O	His little shoulders squared , and he looked thoughtfully at Tanner , who showed every sign of expiring within moments .
te	I	It was nice to hear Shane recognize it , and she knew that she was a skilled stalker .
te	I	She had liked him and he was a forceful personality .
te	O	We left immediately , and I can barely explain how I knew where to go .
te	I	My heart accelerates so swiftly it aches inside my chest and Energy simmers through my veins .
te	O	He 's me and he 's available .
te	O	Something was going on in her head , but he had no idea what .
te	I	I won 't let it get divided and my attention is on one girl now .
te	I	Kelly 's thoughts were elsewhere , but they watched a little television .
te	O	It was only when she died that the truth came out and I discovered I was illegitimate .
te	I	The room is mostly empty , and I walk into my first class .
te	I	There was blood on one of the three scratch marks and my cheek was red .
te	I	He did not take the words back , but how selfish he was to ask , he thought .
te	I	Still , I was enjoying sneaking glances at him but ok so we weren 't having a convocation .
te	I	I knew something was wrong , but I couldn 't quite put my finger on it .
te	I	A howl , blistering with agony , ripped from his lungs , and a spasm rocked through Seth 's body .
te	I	You didn 't let it eat you up , and I left you hanging to follow my dream .
te	I	He was , as always , immune but he allowed them to drift through his consciousness now .
te	I	We don 't buy it , but Tia likes it in her drinks .
te	O	The hammer , so heavy it would not be easily stopped , kept coming , and Rhona quickly leaned back .
te	I	I grasped at him when he didn 't follow , and he eased me down onto it .
te	O	You staggered out of the sea and I came running towards you shouting ' Ryan !
te	I	The little warriors tapped their little sword on their little wooden shields and the group let out a huge cry .
te	I	They 're quite picky , and Mentor West is a very old client .
te	O	My father had always been superstitious , but I never thought he would go completely crazy .
te	I	They never did , but I lost hope .
te	O	My bones ached a little and I was reminded of how much older I was now , almost 51 .
te	O	It was not comfortable in the rain forest , that much was true , but it was wonderful there all the same .
te	O	Nate tugged at the sleeve of my parka harder , and I let my fear claw hold of me .
te	O	He wasn 't really jealous , but it came out that way .
te	I	Her mother was gone , and the motor growled to life .
te	O	This spring had been unusually rainy and the grass was a bright , startling green .
te	O	It crunched as they walked and the children seemed nervous .
te	I	She would gasp , and she would smile .
te	O	They shared a perplexed look but they had seen far stranger things of late .
te	O	I had him pegged as the shy , quiet type and I decided this difference in our personalities would be a nice balance .
te	I	I watched the world dissolve and I let the rage in the back of my head out of its cage .
te	I	What was crazy was Patrick 's smile of reciprocation , and she smiled at him , no disguise about the flirtation in it .
te	I	I step inside , and the door opens .
te	O	The glimmer of jagged glass caught my eye and I was drawn to it .
te	O	I might see Alice there , and she 'll smile at me .
te	O	He had not shaved and his face itched .
te	I	She could trust him with her children , and she could trust him in her home .
te	I	We will ask a simple question , and now we will study these statements .
te	I	He knew she was remembering their night together and she stilled at his use of the endearment .
te	O	She could hear the ragged breathing of the man next to her , but neither of them spoke .
te	I	She took a lot of time to warm to , and Marguerite was often cold , though they had been friends for centuries .
te	I	Dollop put it in the thousands but any number would be a guess .
te	O	She opened her mouth to speak and her voice was not her own .
te	I	He sat at his desk , head down , shuffling his own papers , but she hoped the man would acknowledge her .
te	I	There was a small closet in the hall , and the bathroom was big with a tub .
te	O	A squeal came from the shore , and Dean turned to see Emerson standing knee-deep in the lake .
te	O	The despair I 'd been struggling to hold at bay crept through me , and I rapidly blinked back tears .
te	O	The video ends and Rick Mann picks up where he left off .
te	I	We managed to clear the fences without any trouble , but once I had figured that out , jumping was , well it wasn 't exactly easy .
te	I	Her hand involuntarily pressed another button beside the door , and her mind raced .
te	I	He found nothing but he turned the office upside down looking for evidence that he was the butt of a prank .
te	I	I felt pity for her and she got into the queue at the very back .
te	I	Often those who could bring armies to his name were best rewarded , and the Great Lord favored action .
te	O	Dmitri 's mother was a wonderful person and Emma had genuinely loved the woman , grateful for everything she 'd taught her about entertaining .
te	I	The man walked over to the door where he pressed a red button , and a minute later there was a knock on the wall .
te	I	I looked up at him and he took a step back .
te	O	Terror floods through me and I stop breathing .
te	O	Touch was a precious gift , and I didn 't offer it freely .
te	O	He reached for his gun , terrified , as the car came to a sudden halt and the doors flew open .
te	I	It had ended with him crying about missing his ex-girlfriend , and I 'd gone on a date with a Kappa once .
te	O	I think that maybe some wanderlust plays tricks on me , and this trip will bring me some much needed joy .
te	O	I thought she was going to walk right over me but she stopped two centimetres from my face .
te	O	She shrugged and the dress started to slide down , down - Out here .
te	I	She tried to get lost in her book and the sun beamed down on her pale skin .
te	I	I feel no current urge to tell him and he 's unaware of my romance with Riley .
te	O	His jaw tightened , and he swore under his breath .
te	I	Tarleton 's shadow stretched out before him and the late afternoon sun was still strong .
te	I	He wanted to avoid that at all costs and to break that protocol could set her brilliant mind in motion .
te	I	My smile returned , and I realized she was fine .
te	I	There are many painful memories that are buried on that land for her , and I love her deeply .
te	I	He pushed her hands over her head , and she sighed into him .
te	O	His cabin was a small place , but it would do .
te	I	She hobbled over to it , holding one hand to her mouth as she stared and a large portrait of a woman in yellow caught her attention .
te	O	I take big gulps and for the first time allow myself to feel how much I hated the bunker .
te	O	I was in charge of the mashed potatoes and I 'm now realizing they are quite lumpy .
te	I	I honestly never thought it would get so real , but what I did was wrong .
te	I	Claire hung up without saying good-bye , and that was ever so slightly creepy .
te	O	Almost like I 've smelled this place before , but I don 't see how that is possible .
te	O	She 'd been leaving signs , and these weren 't just rudimentary markings .
te	O	Looking at it made her heartache , but she couldn 't put it down .
te	I	They remained that way for several minutes , and Emily hugged back .
te	I	The child dropped the stone into it , and without a word he held it open .
te	I	I favored that wilder look , and his hair was starting to curl like Deacon 's .
te	O	I hoped Hallow wouldn 't sense the crush of my mind , but everyone I 'd touched had seemed preoccupied .
te	I	Our group is shrinking , and their time is done .
te	I	Then he saw Avril , and he grinned .
te	I	I have and Building stone is too heavy for one man to carry - unless he has the sort of advantages my brothers .
te	O	I 'd contemplated many things from the vampire 's viewpoint , but this was something I hadn 't .
te	I	I am ashamed again and I swallow .
te	I	The band needed to show off , but he just wanted to play music .
te	O	Bri was clearly ticked , but I 'd worry about that later .
te	I	That didn 't mean she had to be a total angel , but she might have to play nice for Robert the next day .
te	I	Jo avoided eye contact , but she winked at Jo .
te	I	I needed time to process what had become of me , and I suddenly had no idea who I was .
te	I	They fell open of their own accord and he kneeled on the bed between my legs .
te	I	The sooner she improved , the better , but the thought of ingesting anything had not been terribly appealing .
te	O	I knew what he was saying was true , but it was easy to give in to despair .
te	I	They 'd passed that turnoff hours ago , but she 'd thought at first he planned to go find Brandon .
te	O	Jemma would need someone to offer support without strings attached , and he was going to be the one to help her along .
te	I	The puppy was suddenly gone in the crush , although she heard it yelping , and her jacket burst open .
te	I	Shawn still felt good about it , pleased that he 'd been able to take care of his crew , but they hadn 't accomplished much today .
te	I	It was pitch dark and I was outside somewhere .
te	O	The class was absorbing and before I knew it , it was also over .
te	O	Backing away , my Fairy Godmother released me , and my vision cleared .
te	I	She sensed that it was not Jonas who was drawing her , but she wasn 't sure how she knew that .
te	I	Star remained blissfully unaware of the great canine 's presence , but Winston looked over .
te	I	She couldn 't do anything about it , but Learning how Mohammed Ebrahim died was significant .
te	I	For that , Charlotte was grateful , and neither girl asked her any questions .
te	O	The door was open and a cooling breeze came in .
te	I	They 're all laughing and Penny lasts about two seconds before she gets the best of him .
te	O	I didn 't feel the stake go in , but I did feel the cold surge of power .
te	I	He hears things and I say , because he knows almost everyone in the neighborhood .
te	O	I really wanted to tell you that night , but we were having such a good time .
te	I	They turned to a small hint of any light color she wore , but I wasn 't sure if they were hazel .
te	O	It took me three tries to read the last sentence , and I realized the problem was my shaking hands .
te	I	The flames were gone , and he waved a hand .
te	I	Isaac might well kill him , and he was going to get hell from his brother .
te	I	They handled it , and they accepted it .
te	I	I noticed , but no one else on earth would notice the slight quiver at the ends of his fingers .
te	O	His blond floppy curls had been cropped short , and his green eyes sparkled in the Sunday morning light .
te	I	I held his eyes and Pop stared at me .
te	O	Times are hard these days and we need to strengthen alliances .
te	O	I remembered what she had said about how Salina had watched her drown - and the pleasure the elemental had taken in it .
te	O	Someone falls and someone else rises .
te	O	Walls divided up the circle into wedge-shaped pieces , but the edge of the bowl was all glass .
te	I	She pulled him back down , but he began to scoot up .
te	O	I felt a frown form on my face and I snapped out of my trance .
te	O	They looked very grim but they said very little .
te	O	A fierce anger settled over him and he clicked a few more keys .
te	I	The pencil followed , his stare never unlocking from mine and he dropped the pad onto the floor .
te	O	When he looks at me , a small shock pulses through me , and I quickly drop my eyes .
te	I	That is why , it is more than self-evident to me and I have personally gone through all this .
te	I	I was still surprised by a personal call , but I guess if your apartment gets ransacked , you have a vested interest .
te	I	Clary saw dim light spark off the knife he was holding , and Jace raised his hand .
te	O	He smiled again and this time Claire remembered to laugh on cue .
te	I	We are it and they needed mules !
te	I	She was looking for that kind of work , and they use youngish models .
te	O	Jacqueline had phoned to ask , and Alix had stopped by a couple of times .
te	O	I grinned and she laughed .
te	I	The cries were hindered by mouthfuls of earth , but she screamed again .
te	O	One side of my mouth turned up and I sighed .
te	O	You don 't know me and I do .
te	O	All signs had pointed to Charlotte before , but now Laurel seemed like the only answer .
te	I	I feel my scalp prickle and she gives him a lustful look as he walks away .
te	I	Adam was completely lost to her , and Cassie had that same ache now .
te	I	His lip is swelling rapidly and there is a gash above his left eye .
te	O	We had to keep overfeeding Lucas blood , and he mostly refused to leave the room .
te	O	The rhythmic movement of his hands continued and I tried to relax .
te	I	The surprise was enough to send William backward , shaking his head , but the blow was one of desperation , with little strength behind it .
te	O	She always had the ability of sneaking up on me and I think she got some kind of kick out of it .
te	O	He 'd gone too far when he pressed his mouth against mine , but I 'd just bested him .
te	O	He was trying to sound reasonable , but it just came out weak .
te	O	Jackson looked vulnerable in his sleep and I felt a stirring inside me .
te	I	She looked at me with confusion , and mom 's blue eyes fluttered open .
te	O	Meagan was getting edgy and her voice was trembling .
te	I	That was nothing a brush couldn 't fix , but my long brown hair looked messy .
te	O	It wasn 't enough that he had defeated a column of troops , but he then handled the peace exceptionally well .
te	I	At first Marwan thought he saw a sad , troubled expression written all over her face , and she looked at him .
te	I	He had large , blue eyes and he was not Asian at all .
te	I	There is steel buried deep , yet his heart is so innocent .
te	I	Gabe 's and I 've been at Mom .
te	I	Then the door cracked open , and the doorknob rattled beside him .
te	O	Her hair is a tangled mess and there 's dirt on her clothes .
te	I	Seeing the car gave me some relief , but he could just zip his way back to the warehouse without his SUV .
te	I	He perused it in the hope a memory would be triggered , and it was his Hero section .
te	I	You leave us no choice , but we are sorry to hide this from you .
te	I	I couldn 't seem to stop it , but I knew my mouth was falling open .
te	O	Her eyes slid open slowly and she smiled up at him .
te	I	That was another surprise , and he needed a haircut .
te	I	It was enough , but he couldn 't see much .
te	O	The guilt gradually lessened after the first week , but she knew it would never fully go away .
te	I	Yet they were and the words were not what he expected .
te	I	The people he worked with would have stood there with their mouths hanging open and his ex-wife would have laughed .
te	O	I can talk all I want about the science , but you 're what keeps me alive .
te	O	I know it 's not much , but I want you to have it .
te	I	It hit her hard , and she hadn 't even thought of that .
te	O	I didn 't quite belong here anymore , and my body knew it .
te	I	Ryder wasn 't letting her go , but tried to yank her hands down so she could touch him .
te	O	All I have to do is tell him to remove the cuffs and this is over .
te	I	Their eyes appeared to be made of little marbles , and their fur seemed strange , as if woven from yarn .
te	I	His belated concern didn 't endear him to the rest of the men , and that would 've been my first question .
te	O	I could not understand it , but that wasn 't the time to think .
te	O	He just needed to find the phone book , and he 'd be good to go .
te	O	He 'd managed to get through the day , and after dinner he had asked to be excused , claiming , truthfully , that he was unwell .
te	O	Maybe she would see Sebastian again , maybe not , but she would always hold his love in her heart .
te	I	I know my ability scared him , but he 'd never spoken of it .
te	I	His expression spoke volumes , but David was keeping a tight rein on his emotions .
te	O	You can still hook up without being noticed but that does not justify your cheating .
te	I	There was something I really wanted to know , but we ate in silence for a few minutes .
te	I	The steady burn started to ease my muscles , but the touch ached at first .
te	I	I held a newborn baby for the first time in my life and she put the bundle into my arms .
te	I	Just then Liz pulled up , looking a little rattled herself , but Isaac turned to go into the house .
te	I	When he began to move faster , she couldn 't contain her pleasure , and she arched , moaned .
te	O	I 'm feeling too much here , but I 'm not fool enough to believe it means anything .
te	O	The Japanese would have preferred coffee , but they were too polite to say so .
te	I	His brother would punish him with the full force of the law , and it was illegal .
te	I	The entire door had been removed and seconds later the hinges were off .
te	O	She took a sip as I took my first bite and I let her comment pass .
te	O	My body was covering Phillip 's on the chair , but the blow was so strong the chair was rocked .
te	I	I started screaming and one of them jumped out at me .
te	I	I saw him , and I was walking over that way just a moment ago , following the drum beat .
te	I	Here we are , but he thought he was careful this time .
te	I	She beamed at him , and Zia bounded over from behind them , fixing her sword belt tighter .
te	O	There was a fair chance that the transformation might make him a bit hysterical , and I didn 't really have the time to hunt him down .
te	O	The traffic on the beach has picked up , and I imagine my parents are worried about me .
te	O	Sam shook his head , but he was clearly distracted .
te	O	She said the girl was very shy and my presence would only make her nervous .
te	O	I poured the bubbles into the tub and the bubbles came up .
te	I	There was a pill missing , and I checked after you left , Lila .
te	O	One of the many pools of water would have been unwelcome enough , but approaching at blinding speed is a cluster of sharp , stalagmite spikes .
te	I	His face was kind , but the bearded man kept his hand in my way .
te	I	He knew my name before I told him ... but he looked like everyone else .
te	I	She thought better of it , but she wanted to say it again to find out what happened next .
te	O	The heads are larger than on any horse I 've seen , and each has two sets of mouths , one above the other .
te	I	He could still hear her , but Gorgon had walked away out of eyesight .
te	I	Now , the thoughts came rushing down in a torrent , but she hadn 't thought too much about it since that day .
te	O	I 'm in the park , and I just learned something amazing .
te	O	Sergio slid the ring on and Mandi assessed its beauty upon her still tanned skin .
te	O	I looked at Lucky and she shook her head .
te	I	I copy him and he laughs nervously .
te	I	Other times he just plain baffles me , and the boy can amaze me , sometimes .
te	O	I didn 't know how successful they were , but I knew enough to realize we couldn 't waste time .
te	I	Suddenly the paper was strewn across the floor , and there was a squeal as they collided .
te	I	It was definitely the one who came to her in her worst moments , but he had no scars .
te	O	I turned and Genevieve was right there .
te	O	This was so ... so domestic , and it was utterly exciting for her .
te	I	Lou Dell was meeting another juror , and there were voices in the hallway .
te	O	I knew she had Mase here but I still wanted to get her alone so I could talk to her .
te	I	She thought she was going to suffocate and the windows were rolled up .
te	I	There he was , his phone pressed to his ear , but I thought he 'd left .
te	I	He nodded , and I guessed .
te	O	A part of her knew he was right , and that part terrified her .
te	I	Somehow , Ty summed it up for the chief in a clear , concise manner , but Lacey doubted she could explain it all to the police .
te	I	Clare jokingly pointed out this fact out to me several times , and Coloring is not a talent of mine .
te	I	Suddenly another appeared a few feet from it , and he replied as he sat down on rock .
te	O	It was a classified substance , but my mother still had connections .
te	I	We inspected it in silence , and I pulled the ring out .
te	I	I could not get her to understand that I hate new Sunday School classes , but I could tell she was a little angry with me .
te	O	He didn 't like being this vulnerable , not at this juncture , but it was necessary .
te	I	A bullet ripped through the railing in front of Matthew , sending splinters into the air , and a pistol roared .
te	O	They have some funny tax laws here in Italy , and he gets big write-offs for owning a sports team .
te	I	Then she starts to pull away , but she keeps me there , my tip against the tightness for another couple seconds .
te	I	The universe came into being - And after a while , another voice said : One , two , three , four .
te	O	He jerked Brand 's sword from his eye , and bright blood gushed forth .
te	O	You threaten Bethany again , in any way , and I 'll make sure you can 't talk again .
te	I	Instead looking at this motorway sighting , and I want you off that duty .
te	I	I 'll fill you in on all the details later , but we found a little abnormality that I 'll need to have checked on .
te	I	We 're involved in that danger right now , and I assumed , from the 1970s on , that we were embarking on a very dangerous path .
te	I	Maybe I 'd spoken too soon , but I 'd thought I could handle that .
te	O	Cara watched Mike for signs that he was upset , but all she saw right now was his professional demeanor .
te	O	You 'll see lots of happy , smiling citizens in these ads , and it 's a good , solid strategy .
te	I	It disappeared under the Gatekeeper 's robes and Ryo put the coin in the box .
te	O	We replaced the water three times and it was still draining out gray when we pulled Gavin out .
te	I	Missing out on things and working all the time .
te	I	He 'd assumed she was throwing words in his face , but she 'd said as much earlier , back at her house .
te	I	You need do nothing , more and that will put it in operation .
te	I	He struggled to break its hold and a particularly strong wave of air caught him from behind .
te	O	Colors were fuzzy though , and stationary things held no interest for her .
te	I	You 're not going to leave until you 've finished , and I know you 're invested in this thing .
te	O	Her anger was gone and that left her sitting on a strange man 's lap for no reason .
te	I	I hadn 't quite absorbed it , but she 'd said some other stuff .
te	O	He might care about me , deep down in places he won 't even admit to himself , but he doesn 't feel what I feel .
te	I	She was most likely out frolicking with her other boyfriend , and here he had tried to save her life .
te	I	This time her hesitation was longer , and Jenny realized he was referring to the issue of her willingness .
te	O	The right passage took us to a dead end , and the left led to the center of the building .
te	O	It 's real bad , but I 'll tell ya 'll what I seen that mornin ' down at Big Hole .
te	I	A step I was glad we were taking , but we were taking a very big step here .
te	I	We had to seize the day , the hour , the moment and we have no promises for tomorrow , only right now .
te	O	He was holding his gun out straight to sturdy his aim and he was sweating .
te	I	His tension only increased , but he should have felt good at his small victory .
te	I	My knees nearly buckle , and his words make me lightheaded .
te	O	Bradley , however , did not like the tone of his voice , and his attitude was unacceptable .
te	O	She was finding it hard to draw a deep breath , and her heart pounded so hard she was afraid he could hear it .
te	O	I 'm glad he 's making jokes , but I still wince .
te	O	This wasn 't the savage energy that had killed Bern , and it wasn 't anything the boy was doing to her .
te	I	We must conserve our strength , but it is too far to run though that would be our best chance .
te	I	I kept my hand on him , but his back bristled under my fingers .
te	O	He 'd come alive , and he needed more .
te	O	I sat up in my room for a little while longer , but the walls seemed to be closing in on me .
te	O	My mom 's mouth dropped slightly , and she stared at me .
te	I	She didn 't want to tell her now and Amy knew she hadn 't told Charlie .
te	O	They were a rough team , and I wonder how many bruises I 'll have tomorrow .
te	I	The training was starting to pay off , but the past four weeks had been challenging .
te	I	He kicked Jamie 's shins so hard the weak , little boy fell heavily forward onto the uneven brick floor of the stables , and he roared .
te	I	It looks to me like it was shot down by a US military jet and I 've been digging around .
te	O	Hai Hai jumped back , but it was too late .
te	O	I 'm standing in this festival of Mum 's , but I don 't have Mum .
te	I	I wasn 't a moron , but I might have been slow on the uptake when it came to him .
te	I	When it does , they walk across in unison , and hordes of people wait for the light to change .
te	I	I often saw them taking notes in their books and the scientists in their white coats would watch me .
te	O	Sali stole their pens and they chased him .
te	I	The least said about my back the better and your mother has cried a lifetime 's worth of tears .
te	I	His hand stopped short on a sphere wrapped around his head , but he felt to see what she had fixed over his eyes .
te	O	I tried to calm down but my voice still sounded harsh .
te	O	Geoffrey had his faults , but he wasn 't all bad .
te	O	It was the Director who wore blue , and for one instant a thought that was pure nightmare crossed Jane 's mind .
te	O	I might not have a ton of job experience , but I knew I was on my way to getting myself fired on the spot .
te	O	He sucked on her , needing more , but there was no more left to take .
te	O	She followed the voice and she was awakened .
te	I	Then she saw the problem , and Nora said .
te	O	Kelly giggled and we all followed suit .
te	I	The two held each other as they shared their loss and Mike was weeping now .
te	I	I assured him that Papa has the country well in hand , but he talked as if something might happen to us .
te	O	I might not understand the lyrics , but a good beat needed no translation .
te	O	He repeated the process , but still no dog came .
te	I	She could hardly breathe now , but the urge to run was almost overwhelming .
te	O	He didn 't notice an indent in the ground , and his right foot fell into it .
te	I	She closed her eyes and Max pressed the side of his face against her temple .
te	O	I haven 't seen any , but Teal told me that she occasionally saw them .
te	I	I 'm glad to see you are armed , but I don 't want you taking any chances .
te	O	His arms fell away from her , and he stepped back .
te	O	She drew in a deep breath to still her trembling nerves , but she wasn 't giving in just yet .
te	O	There were words crowding in my head , but they weren 't words to be spoken .
te	O	It was evening and it was still very warm .
te	O	An evil , nameless something was going to get him , and it was going to come through one of those doors .
te	I	She couldn 't be sure , but she thought Vane was smiling .
te	I	No one ever asked me , but I liked talking about my job .
te	O	She wasn 't comfortable and she wasn 't happy .
te	O	The courtroom doors burst open , and the girls jumped .
te	O	The time was passing 9pm and night had settled over Miami .
te	O	He swayed , fighting to stay on his feet , and I bit down a scream .
te	O	She looked kindly at her but Amy sensed apprehension .
te	I	His eyes fixed now on me , and he resumed stroking the blade .
te	O	Cut it , and up to a point it will heal , as a dead body would not .
te	O	Eli 's raspy voice wraps around me and it feels like I can 't breathe .
te	O	Charlie 's true identity is a secret , but her very presence places everyone around her in danger .
te	I	The third ran and two men fell .
te	I	She wasn 't sure how he 'd react to all this , and he was a key element .
te	I	She loves you , but I know you are concerned that Corinne may not want to travel with us because she has a baby .
te	I	She put a hand on the woodpile to steady herself , and even that small movement made her head swirl with vertigo .
te	I	He didn 't , but he wanted to sink his head into his hands .
te	I	I 'd driven off on that note and we had shared a few choice words .
te	O	I don 't know them - but I miss having them in my life .
te	O	I wanted to believe them , but it would take a miracle .
te	O	he asked pulling over to the side of the road and I jumped out .
te	I	Every month he receives a check from Social Security and he did retire from the citrus crate repair shop .
te	I	They were understandable but her words were as if she had to concentrate to speak them .
te	I	As I look around the room , I realize how many different variations of one color there actually are , but my heart sinks .
te	O	Well , he might as well say what needed saying and pray she wouldn 't gape at him with incomprehension afterward .
te	O	My mind , however , was blank , and I was frozen .
te	I	She fought it , holding the darkness at bay , but panic crept in to the edges of her brain .
te	O	Well , I don 't like it either , but you know what ?
te	I	My breaths begin to come in short gasps and my heart is racing .
te	O	Claire blinked , looking over at him , and Eve , wide-eyed , shook her head .
te	O	They told her that Howard had to fly out of town on business , but she could see it in their eyes .
te	O	It wasn 't really good , either , but she couldn 't tell a customer that .
te	O	Interesting he mentioned money since this fancy strip club wasn 't cheap , but I wasn 't going to point that out unless I had to .
te	O	There was nothing she wouldn 't do to get what she wanted and he knew it .
te	O	My heart is reluctant to tell it , and my ears reluctant to hear it , even from my own lips .
te	I	Then T.J. was assigned to head this critical assignment , and the first three were amazing .
te	I	I asked anyway , but I knew I could guess the answer to the following question .
te	I	She rummaged about in it , producing four candles , and she had a shopping bag at her feet .
te	I	I knew when an opponent was nervous and I knew how to read an opponent .
te	O	Considering she 'd just cut off the kiss , I knew we weren 't going to be having sex , but she hadn 't asked for shorts .
te	I	Six had left for various reasons but they had started with 12 recruits .
te	O	She was lifeless and he couldn 't bare to see her eyes that way .
te	I	I can only tell you what we hear , which is that they have nothing , and we have good sources within the police .
te	I	As a result she was able to coax generous contributions from them to the sanatorium , and Tess Moran knew men who mattered .
te	I	They were consumed with worry over the state of their souls , and they believed in original sin , certain they were born sinful .
te	I	I suddenly wondered just how secure that dress was , and jess took a deep breath .
te	O	Most of the wildlife was domesticated and very little of it could be seen from the air .
te	I	All of a sudden my heart is numb again and my voice is small in the large hospital suite .
te	I	They met at the elevator , and her luck hadn 't improved .
te	I	With his arms around the thing , he looked more like he was hugging it , but he was scratching the dog behind the ears .
te	I	He felt he should say something , but a meaningless confirmation , he thought .
te	O	There are people crammed into a small living room and the furniture has been pushed out of the way .
te	O	He opens his mouth to speak , but Cricket shakes his head .
te	O	I should have gotten dressed instead of coming down in my jammies , but I just don 't have enough energy to do more .
te	O	The route swung around the countryside and it was almost distracting in beauty .
te	O	Alexander ' s eyes widened and he choked on his water .
te	I	The dense growth would slow their progress , make too much noise , but the forest to either side offered better protection .
te	O	I checked them out and they are perfectly safe .
te	O	I extracted the folder I was looking for , and once I found the picture of the Indian artifact , I showed it to him .
te	I	He sensed her terror , but her voice was stifled .
te	I	Brax is the first person I 've ever allowed inside , and it 's my sanctuary , my escape from the big bad world out there .
te	O	She had told him that she was sleeping better , and now , here was proof that she wasn 't .
te	O	Her hand locked tightly on the banister , and she began to walk down the steps .
te	I	He picked it up , and his home phone rang .
te	I	His cool lips ever so briefly brush my cheek with gentle kisses , but I don 't know if it is my vulnerability that touches him .
te	I	To see any man charred to death was more nauseating than satisfying , but Goat had done terrible things .
te	O	Their power 's been reduced now , of course , but they still manage to offer the best of parties .
te	O	she said with a half-smile , and laughter erupted around the table .
te	O	Is all Julie could think and her cheeks started to gain a blush , just like Lea 's cheeks .
te	O	I ease the madness with the horses , but between seasons , I barely keep it contained .
te	O	She pushed a small button on a remote control , and the door snapped shut , cutting off all traces of music .
te	O	Fainting would be the perfect way out of this , but knowing my luck , they 'd just hold another ball once I recovered .
te	O	It has now been over 3 months since the accident and I see no relief in sight .
te	O	You think that you 're God 's greatest gift to women , and you 're wrong .
te	I	The pain streaking like wildfire down her arm , and slowly she became aware of her ragged breathing .
te	I	My throat constricted around each one , but I opened my mouth , attempting to pry words to the surface .
te	O	It 's managed to turn from summer to fall during my two-month stay here and somehow I didn 't even notice .
te	I	Still it was a long-awaited start , but of course , the answer made no sense whatsoever .
te	O	My gaze followed the direction of her finger , but I only saw kids I knew .
te	O	She could have handled that , but it got worse .
te	O	He 's a very smart dog and this behavior isn 't like him .
te	O	I desperately tried to will myself upward , but it was no use .
te	O	I was sad Daniela wasn 't going to come , but of course she had her own life to live .
te	O	The oven timer went off , and I hurried to take the cupcakes out .
te	I	That was all , and he gave a civil nod to someone in passing .
te	I	They 're feeding as well but I may be feeding off their blood .
te	O	I could feel part of Eric pressed against my back , and he wasn 't standing that close .
te	I	The blinds were closed and the curtains were drawn .
te	I	I don 't know what they want , but something is happening .
te	O	Became possessive , intolerably so , jealous , even of his concubines and until Leah he 'd never given her reason for this ridiculous emotion .
te	I	This person was trying to track him down and Mr. Layton didn 't return the car yesterday .
te	O	He flinched as if it was going to hit them , and it would have if the ship hadn 't shut down its drive .
te	O	It flashed through my mind , and I wondered if that had been a warning .
te	I	I see the ground quaking and I watch the ground around them .
te	O	I want to disagree with him again , but the lie gets stuck in my throat , because I do want Nova .
te	I	I just hope she believes that and I hate keeping things from her .
te	I	The soap was supposed to purify her and Jenny was desperate to change her life .
te	O	I tried to bring my hands together to pray but my arms felt restrained .
te	O	The funnel split apart , and for a moment Zoey thought it would be all over .
te	O	It would be painful , but she felt safe sharing her pain with others now .
te	I	I still had to find the silver Sword but I guessed that the Serpent was here now .
te	I	She won 't be able to sneak out with Sean and she will have to stay with me .
te	I	I loved the way it swirled around my legs , and the length of the dress shimmered when I moved .
te	I	This time I read from top to bottom and I looked again .
te	O	I 'm the predator and he 's the prey .
te	O	It connected with his forehead , and he dropped like a stone .
te	O	He was my choice , and for that reason , it was easy to be completely naked with him .
te	I	I was cleaning the kitchen and Merrill wandered in while they were eating .
te	I	It is rumored that the boy may have other talents , and the spy for our cousins sent images of this .
te	I	Dive so gracefully did a great deal to ease Laurence 's mind and the uncomplicated pleasure of watching the dragon soar .
te	I	I figured this might just be the cheapest place in all of Tennessee and the floorboards moaned beneath our weight .
te	O	He didn 't know what he 'd expected when he arrived in D.C. , but Amanda 's warm welcome was a solid start .
te	I	Susie seems resigned , but the whole point of an anniversary is to be celebrated , not delayed .
te	O	The room shook and shards of glass flew around until everything faded into silence .
te	I	Hamish cut him off , but Navarra started to object .
te	I	I did not wince at the sharp , fleeting sting , but I bit my bottom lip hard enough to draw blood .
te	I	A twinge of embarrassment pinched at me as I thought about what I needed to ask them , and they stood talking to one another .
te	I	Realizing he was alarmed , moved towards the hole , and he looked at James ' face .
te	O	So far I was wearing as much as I would have on at the beach , but I knew it was about to get worse .
te	O	He held out his hands , and in them was a horn .
te	I	The drawer opened and the clerk punched a few numbers into the cash register .
te	I	I laughed too -- at her use of the word ' basement ' , and she laughed .
te	I	My parents to be told I no longer existed and I lost mine when I allowed myself to die .
te	O	He loved his humans , but their lives were so brief that it made him sad .
te	O	Mary called the coins worthless , but Nick now knew the truth .
te	O	Doyle is still sleeping and I close the door quietly .
te	I	I do not know who I am now , and my imprisonment may have destroyed whatever I originally was .
te	O	It was his secret now , and he needed to guard it .
te	O	She questioned some more , but the emotional weight was too much .
te	I	This was her revenge , and he 'd called Buddy .
te	I	I told her I was coming and she cried out my name aloud .
te	O	His fiery hair winks out as his avatar disappears , and I 'm left staring at Brian 's real face .
te	O	Grayson glared at her too , and Alec continued to stare hard at her in the rearview mirror .
te	O	They were powerful beings , the mechanized units that were a form of super android , and they could crush a human to death with one blow .
te	O	It was from Nathan , and it shocked her .
te	O	I put it back together , but it was so terribly fragile .
te	O	He said he hadn 't and she believed him .
te	O	The atmosphere was calm and he was enjoying himself .
te	I	I didn 't plan on giving her a choice in the matter , but I knew she wasn 't going to want to take it .
te	O	He could probably use his runes to walk through the door , but I didn 't care .
te	I	That 's beside the point , but you 're probably the most beautiful woman in the world .
te	I	I feel suddenly like everything might turn out right after all and my heart warms .
te	I	I am the Prince and that is obviously cheating !
te	I	It 's easy to blend into the crowds of people there , but it 's not my favorite spot .
te	O	She walked through the double doors , and he couldn 't focus on anything else .
te	O	I crouch down behind it , and she settles next to me .
te	O	It was more expensive to travel this way , but I wanted the privacy to fully appreciate my little adventure .
te	I	A thin layer of soot covered his face and a fresh red cut split his cheek in two .
te	O	She 's hard headed , but she 's also reasonable .
te	I	I promised I would , and she told me to call her the following week .
te	I	They all let out a laugh and after a moment his flash turned into a twinkle .
te	I	I didn 't need much convincing , and it had been a long day .
te	O	He couldn 't make out a distinct outline , but he realized at once he was dealing with a god .
te	I	I had more important things to do , but normally I 'd have said something to help .
te	O	He might not be the man she deserved , but he was damn well the man she needed .
te	I	He had expected a swift defeat of Washington City after doing so , and it was the reasoning behind his move to the Ancients ' side .
te	O	She might expect him to seek the treasures beneath her dark curls next , but he wanted to save that for last .
te	O	Marie flushed when I greeted her as I walked into my office , and I started feeling a prickling in the back of my neck .
te	O	I thought back to the time when life had been simple and I was a teenager trying to cope with everyday normal things .
te	I	It smelled like the stale hockey gear he piled in a corner after his Sunday games , but his was homey in a lived-in way .
te	O	Nathan did not look happy but she thought he would hold his tongue for now .
te	O	I fell in love with the lifestyle and I let myself believe like he did , that I somehow deserved it .
te	O	Rowan asks , and Stephanie nods .
te	O	Our fleet was in tatters and the CSF were so many .
te	I	I love her so much and I trust her .
te	O	I have always wanted to visit it since it opened , but it 's expensive getting in .
te	I	He did , and I paid the cabbie extra to get me to the hospital faster .
te	O	It wouldn 't be easy , but it could be done .
te	O	The material dipped low enough to show her cleavage and the bottom barely reached the middle of her thighs .
te	I	Her mouth tight and her eyes wide .
te	I	I was excited , but the others groaned .
te	I	I do without argument and Eva guides me to sit back down on the couch .
te	O	She 'd escaped from any further questioning , and her whole body relaxed as I watched .
te	I	I can 't keep my brain from thinking about my sister and my head is pounding a rhythm in my ears .
te	I	I clapped her on the back , almost sending her tumbling into Alexei 's lap , but Rory started to open her mouth again .
te	O	My next mission was something I 'd been waiting for , but now I wasn 't sure if I should go .
te	O	You were two years old and I was an infant when our father died .
te	I	It was one that fit nonetheless , but it was a terrible name for such a choice defensive force .
te	I	Off they went outside , and she leaned into him just enough to finally send him a signal that told him , Oh , yeah .
te	I	She didn 't wait around to find out , and she couldn 't see what had alarmed him .
te	I	Eventually the streets took him , and took to the bottle .
te	I	He would not be able to stop them , no matter what they wanted to do , but he might be frightened .
te	O	Ashes littered the air , and a blazing battlefield roared with dark figures swarming all around .
te	O	It 's Bonnie - just Bonnie being theatrical , Matt thought , but his own native honesty rose to mock him .
te	O	Cullen took a moment to arrange her in his lap , and they were off .
te	O	She struggled against the intruder but the relentless barrage of memories continued .
te	O	I picked her up and she smelled just like I remembered .
te	I	I smiled and he laughed .
te	O	I was harsh and it was wrong .
te	O	Oh El ' yi , and he hung out with these people ?
te	O	She looked at me with surprise in her eyes , but I knew she understood what I was telling her .
te	I	He wants to visit other countries , and he is your nephew , Byron .
te	O	To tear down the empire ... and make the entire world his .
te	I	He leaned forward in his chair , and Coby 's knee began to bounce .
te	O	Firth paused , and Gareth knew he was caught off guard .
te	O	He wasn 't sure it would be enough to keep his job once the interview aired , but maybe he 'd keep his pension .
te	I	I did my best to think fast and my fingers were tangled deeply inside Kiran 's wavy locks .
te	I	The store was not much better , but he thought the bathroom was bad .
te	I	I 'd hoped to arrive after the act was completed , but I 'd known I needed to catch him with his pants down .
te	I	She flashed a smile at him as she shrugged her shoulders again , and the attempt at humor was not lost on her .
te	O	Riley had already figured it out , and now Aden knew without a doubt .
te	O	It 's calling me , but I 'm not me !
te	O	His bulging , probing eyes were overflowing with distrust , like he believed she and Foley were keeping something from him .
te	O	Her voice held a strong note of warning , but it certainly didn 't stop him from liking the way his name sounded on her lips .
te	I	More eyes on her couldn 't hurt , but it was surprising , just as Eddie had said .
te	I	There were no signs of any trail we could follow , but we followed the main road from there for a while .
te	I	She found the vampire staring at her and her head turned .
te	I	I 'm modeling my new outfits and storm 's making veal parmesan .
te	O	Something was wrong here and it had me worried .
te	O	Just when I didn 't think I could take one more disappointment , my phone rang , and Trenton 's name appeared in the display .
te	O	Aria peeked back at Noel 's drawn expression , but she didn 't wave .
te	I	I felt myself pulling away from him and he looked at me with sad eyes .
te	I	They would listen and he could tell them his life story .
te	I	It was an incredible sight to watch , and Mimi had never seen a ship being salvaged .
te	O	Macy demanded , and the question silenced the ongoing conversation as if a switch had been thrown .
te	O	He was like the ocean ceaselessly throwing itself against a rocky shore , and this Jace was ... a calm river , shining in the sun .
te	I	I was comforted by Andy 's arms wrapped tightly around my waist , but the constant tension in my muscles was just this side of unbearable .
te	I	You , on second thoughts , could come with me but he 's busy doing other things as you can see .
te	I	They help us through the day but we don 't always learn their proper names .
te	I	He gave me a short smile , which I returned and I turned to look at him .
te	O	He motioned for me to lay down and he sat next to me .
te	I	In some ways I still do , and I lived almost entirely for her approval .
te	O	The only strategy to offset quickness is misdirection , and the offense suddenly had a different look .
te	I	There 's always hope , but it didn 't begin well .
te	I	Soon she would be just as happy as he , but it killed him to know he was the reason for her indifference .
te	O	Sulley was trying to make me feel better , but I still felt responsible .
te	O	His behavior at school has been exemplary for the last several weeks , and his grades have seen a drastic improvement this semester .
te	I	The car swerved a little again and ashley squealed with excitement .
te	O	Leaving the girl like that made me sick with guilt but we didn 't have a choice .
te	I	She didn 't have the strength to ask , but she didn 't know how that could be .
te	I	He had long since neglected his university compatriots , and his work friends were no more , as was his marriage .
te	O	It 'll be dark soon and I need to check on a few things .
te	O	I 'm on the tenth floor , and that 's all right with me .
te	O	Out of the corner of my eye , I saw something move , but instantly my attention was on Mason 's fist crashing into my face .
te	O	They looked bewildered when I left them , but I trusted that their desperation for escape would drive them to figure things out .
te	O	Mason had never been there , but he 'd studied .
te	O	There was a profound silence in the room , and for a second , Claire 's angry resolve faltered .
te	I	This was different , but my heart hasn 't beat in almost ninety years .
te	O	He looked at their fixtures in the ceiling , and as far as he could see they were set fast in the solid stone .
te	I	It takes all my resistance not to touch her , not to run a finger across the exposed skin , and her neck is so inviting .
te	I	The next he was gone , and one day he was there .
te	I	She does not lower her gun , but the Dauntless soldier 's eyes widen .
te	O	His head came above the water and he at last took a deep breath .
te	O	I just grunted , or maybe it was a snort .
te	O	It was a long frustrating job , and they worked through the night with emergency lighting .
te	O	He stepped back , and with one hand , he lifted her chin , forcing her eyes to lock on his .
te	O	We went back inside , and Gem sat with Cynthia until the woman was nodding , tears rolling down her swollen cheeks .
te	I	Verlaine turned to see Mateo coming toward them , and Nadia lifted her head .
te	I	He said nothing , but I saw him squeeze his fists into his pants .
te	O	The corners of the stairs bit my back , and the pressure of his hips on mine hurt , sending shocks of pleasure up my spine .
te	O	Jack 's fist collided with Michael 's cheekbone and I heard a loud crack .
te	I	They are not here , but they must be somewhere .
te	I	It could be he wants his freedom as much as I want it for Patrick , but Trick hasn 't tried to escape .
te	O	Matthew could not tell for sure , but the body , what he could see of it around the cowboy , didn 't appear to be burned .
te	O	She had grieved , yes , but the grief had been tempered by the knowledge that it was what he had wanted .
te	O	I wasn 't interested in mushrooms and I didn 't like the woods .
te	I	I smiled at him , and he turned almost guiltily .
te	O	I was hired help , but I received no compensation .
te	O	All the students stopped writing notes , and his teacher stopped his lecture in mid-sentence .
te	I	Buster remained quiet as he saw tears coming to Dillon 's eyes and he replied .
te	O	I wasn 't allowed to touch , but I could stare all I want .
te	O	Finally Garrett lets go , and a scream erupts from the depths of my ragged lungs , echoing off the walls of the canyon .
te	I	The sun is angled low in the sky , and when next I open my eyes , the horse has stopped moving .
te	I	She knew she could meet several eligible bachelors and she had a beautiful new gown to wear .
te	I	She really wished he wouldn 't and Douglas was still regarding her rather closely .
te	I	He lay down with a long sigh , and I climbed off him for a moment .
te	I	He could only detect the location of a few security cameras and there was no one in the hall .
te	O	That couldn 't be further from the truth , but I liked that he thought that about me .
te	O	He tucked his hand behind his head again , but she saw it shaking .
te	O	I know you don 't want to talk but I will listen if you want me to .
te	O	he asked , still casual , but his weight shifted toward me .
te	O	I remember the way the nails went into Ballard 's neck , and the whole scene starts replaying in a loop .
te	I	I will not roast sitting outside and I go sit out on the balcony , knowing that the sun is now behind the taller buildings .
te	I	Karou covered his hand with hers , pressing it to her cheek , and he reached for her face .
te	O	My stomach lurched , and my breathing quickened .
te	O	Maybe Rigel would be able to get away early -- and even if he couldn 't , I was too keyed up to stay in my room .
te	I	I felt a tremor of apprehension and the wind was suddenly cold .
te	O	He firstly read the poem , and after a comment about bad poetry , he put it down on the table .
te	I	No real damage was done to the wall , but the area that he had caught with his heel crumbled slightly .
te	O	My emotions were now in turmoil and I couldn 't think straight .
te	O	It was a step in the right direction , and she had to be thankful for that .
te	I	They rode up to Gregor 's hall , and for once the elevator wasn 't broken .
te	I	For some reason it really did , but it shouldn 't matter to her .
te	I	He 's never going to change , and he 's set in his ways .
te	O	I thought about it , and my mind turned serious .
te	I	This time she really did smile , and Nadia 's father opened the door .
te	I	He was a bit taller , but Sir Brian Sloan was the same sort of man .
te	O	She liked him well enough , but if she agreed to meet him for dinner she knew what he 'd expect .
te	I	I cried out , and the third set the cheek on fire .
te	O	Katie came back to the room around dinnertime and I told her what had happened .
te	O	I was never really a popular guy , but I was no nerd either .
te	O	I should continue my search as quickly as possible , but curiosity urges me forward , toward whoever called for Eric .
te	I	That was when I got nervous again , and he kept moving south .
te	O	You see the squeaky creatures and yet you don 't leap !
te	O	I knew that my thoughts were based on my own masculinity , but based on her looks I thought she 'd be an airhead .
te	O	He needed to talk with a professional , and the only person he knew was a doctor .
te	I	When Kylie looked it in the eyes , she knew and the coarse hair on its back stood up .
te	I	He doubled over falling to the floor , groaning while everyone else laughed , and she jammed her elbow back , getting him in the gut .
te	O	Maria will want to see you , and she 'll be helpful for answering your questions , letting you know what 's happened these past twenty years .
te	O	Putting her face up to the sunny sky and thinking of nothing .
te	I	There 's enough light that I can see Jack 's lips part slightly , but it 's dark in the tunnel .
te	O	Now he could finally give her the attention she deserved , but he didn 't need Cara as his audience .
te	O	We have not been married long , and there are no children to inherit .
te	O	There were three hookers working the corners a half a block down the street , but Marty wanted Lucinda .
te	O	Geoffrey had made her life hell , and he 'd treated her little better .
te	I	It was also in danger of flying apart , but Everything was coming together .
te	O	Actually to be honest , I had a bit of a freak out , but it turned out I was just being an idiot .
te	O	He 'd been wanting to catch that free hand , and this he finally did ; bad news for me .
te	I	I moved with it , and the line moved forward .
te	I	The pleasure of her touch was too intense , but the command came with authority .
te	O	Gray fought to listen , but the acid burned through his consciousness .
te	I	He would do that too , and he was sworn to keep the peace .
te	O	I tried to hold it together , but I couldn 't hold in my emotions .
te	O	I doubt you know what a leer is , but you 're doing it now .
te	O	It could be a dingo attack and he needs to be protected .
te	O	I have lost my son and I have lost Blake .
te	I	Then he stepped toward me , and Nick looked back to Zeke .
te	O	His chest hurt badly , but he was otherwise uninjured .
te	I	I spun to face him and Preston rose to his feet .
te	I	She didn 't know why , and he still hadn 't eaten .
te	O	I made eye contact with one , and he gestured his colleagues toward me .
te	I	She did not tolerate any laxity in cleanliness and she ran the little kitchen like the redheaded tyrant she was .
te	I	It never really translated things accurately anyway , and the translation module was just a further kick to his ego .
te	O	It wasn 't market day but I knew at least one of the shops we were looking for would be open anyway .
te	I	They found him with a bullet in the head and he was missing for about two weeks .
te	I	The urgency wasn 't , but the words were indistinct .
te	I	It crackled with age , and he carefully opened it .
te	O	He looked at me and I shook my head .
te	I	They needed the permits to break into the city sewer systems and the solution came when they were breaking ground on a new building .
te	I	As swiftly gone and quickly come .
te	I	Liz thought about leaving early anyway , and Chris disappeared for a second to get another beer .
te	I	The sound , whatever it was had stopped , and he could see nothing .
te	I	The rain had stopped but it was still overcast .
te	I	I realized someone was singing softly , and the hand on my hair moved to my back .
te	O	He had a trimmed beard salted with gray , and his hair was cut close to his head .
te	O	The fireplace was opposite , with a round hearth of stone , and the smoke actually went up through a hole in the roof .
te	I	I scowled in revulsion when I figured it out , and it took me a moment to figure out what the hell they were talking about .
te	I	You need the fifty-five cents for each mile to feed the hamsters that keep it going and you drive a piece of junk like I do .
te	I	She looked at me with clear eyes , and all traces of her tears were gone .
te	I	I was going stir crazy , and she 'd been out of my sight for around five minutes .
te	I	Yet they gave it and he didn 't deserve their devotion .
te	I	That was nothing new , but the police had nothing .
te	O	His eyes were oddly distant , and she could read nothing in his face .
te	O	All I had to do was talk to the receptionist and she spilled all .
te	O	Anyway I was not far along , and I ended up pregnant again not a year later .
te	O	We 've set the camp up perfectly to be a working environment , and they must know of Dimitri 's organization to save the wolves .
te	I	I secretly feel sorry for her , but I smile back , reassuringly .
te	I	Dane will write down the ear tag number on the sample and Derrick will draw the blood .
te	O	We have details of the entire ground , and we actually know where we are going .
te	I	Instead his stepfather shook his head , but he fully expected Warren to agree .
te	I	That 's too low , and Three hundred a month .
te	I	The origin of whatever righteousness we possess , and Angels are our mystical source of power .
te	O	He picked me up by sliding his hands under my rear , and suddenly I was at just the right height to kiss him .
te	I	In the end he had made her like this , and there had only been one other man that had ever looked at her like that .
te	I	It was close , but it wasn 't inside of the apartment .
te	I	For the first time Sarah considered that maybe the grouch had a point and sister Joseph voiced her opinion .
te	I	Soon , very soon , I will be the one laughing , but I 'm sure it is laughing up a storm .
te	O	My Spanish wasn 't nearly as proficient as Trey 's , but I was pretty sure that 's what he 'd said .
te	O	She 'd told them all she could handle him , and she had .
te	I	Now , he refused to listen to his guide 's warnings but he drove his troops across the open plains of Greenland 's .
te	O	Tears were ready to betray him at any moment and he bit his lip that it shouldn 't quiver .
te	O	My knees are shaking and my heart is racing .
te	O	Damion was tracking all the way and he didn 't like it .
te	O	I offered him my very soul and he left in the rain .
te	I	He knew he 'd never forget her , and Grace had made a huge impact on his life in the very short time he 'd known her .
te	I	They are not going to find us here but we all have family somewhere -- maybe here in New York , maybe in other places -- .
te	I	I wonder how he could think there is something to analyze in that question , and my dad stares at him for a long time .
te	O	I tried sketching for a little while , but I was just getting frustrated with that too .
te	I	He didn 't even have a yard , and Howard sure noticed her .
te	O	A sudden gasp from beside me causes the image to shift again and I see an all too familiar sight .
te	O	I flinch , and I 'm glad he 's facing the fire .
te	O	The day had just begun , and already it was a disaster .
te	I	All eyes looked to the monitor where a fire control display was shown and the projectile was lost against the blackness of space .
te	I	The others will ever be and I am safer than you .
te	I	I dropped to the ground , and a sob shook my body .
te	I	No one pays attention , but he dramatically points down .
te	I	I pushed the image back and a vision of Twenty-two 's bloody face flashed in front of my eyes .
te	O	It wasn 't healthy and it wasn 't a great way for a relationship to begin .
te	I	He was relentless once set on a path , and he did .
te	O	I nod , wondering where this is going , but knowing he 's right .
te	O	I am obviously slowing him down , but he stays with me .
te	O	I struggled against his hold on me , but I couldn 't manage to budge an inch .
te	O	She tries to reach for him , but there is nothing beside her .
te	I	Chase didn 't mind it but it was bustling with people .
te	O	About the Author I 'm Ben Blake , and I hope you enjoyed the first volume of my version of the tale of Troy .
te	I	No one would take that away from her and she was in charge .
te	O	He 'd heard the short version , but now he was getting the gory details .
te	I	After scanning our faces for a moment , he wisely decided not to argue , but Malik was obviously surprised .
te	I	Me as wide as the Atlantic and he 's already created a wedge between Wes .
te	O	Things probably weren 't any easier for her right now , and I wanted her to have all the help she could get .
te	I	The rafters slung low , but the ceiling was high .
te	O	He might never be a social animal , but he wasn 't afraid of people anymore .
te	I	I didn 't care and I didn 't know .
te	O	He couldn 't believe it , and tears streamed down his face .
te	O	His dark hair curled black around his pale face , and his eyes were very wide , very dark .
te	O	It settled uneasily and Chief Aleksey Vasily stepped out .
te	O	Her hand is at an awkward angle , but she can 't risk losing the chance .
te	O	A couple of guys from the team call out to us , and I pat Gage on the shoulder , shoving him in their direction .
te	I	I was doing my best to decipher their conversation , because I couldn 't imagine one thing Aly needed to say to him , and Aly blinked .
te	O	It was made of iron , and the crown of the ring , where the stone typically sat , had a raised stamp of a hand .
te	O	She was too far gone , to care much what he said about her , but the look on Kit 's face , spoke for its self .
te	O	When Isaac glanced over at her , their eyes met and for the briefest second , he saw a strange look on her face .
te	I	I wasn 't so lucky , but such a charge rarely works .
te	I	Suddenly a door in front of them burst open , releasing a cloud of steam , but they had almost reached the bend in the hall .
te	O	The victim screamed , and Altair found himself moving forward , unable to contain himself , seething at the wanton cruelty .
te	O	He had her out of her chair and in his arms the moment he stepped inside .
te	O	It 's a long shot but it 's worth it .
te	O	Power surged in the room and it held a subtle difference .
te	I	They certainly didn 't have a problem in the bedroom but they might have a lot of issues with his pack .
te	I	His torso narrowed to a lean waist , but Dylan 's shoulders were wide .
te	O	He moved forward , orienting himself , and eventually he spotted the ticket booth .
te	O	I 've been watching this race for six years now and I 've never seen anyone crash as much as you .
te	O	He tugs gently on my hand , and we hurry back toward the exit .
te	I	Maybe he didn 't really want to kiss me either , or maybe he felt me go stiff .
te	O	I 'm not sure I believed my own words , and I was certain Zeal didn 't .
te	O	The air was hot now , but I could breathe it .
te	O	She doesn 't stand , and we don 't embrace .
te	O	She pointed the phone up , her hand shaking , but the window was empty .
te	I	He never does but I linger outside the classroom door for a while , waiting for Will to return .
te	I	She laid her head against his chest and her left arm locked around Reuben .
te	O	I 'm sure she knew what the words meant , but they didn 't seem to bother her .
te	O	They were to build up , but they only ever tore down .
te	I	Saber flicked it off and the monitor went dark .
te	O	My body is straining toward him , every muscle , but I know there 's nothing I can do for him right now .
te	I	I drop my head onto his shoulder , and he slides an arm around my waist .
te	I	I sure am homesick but Life is good here .
te	I	So haunted they made his chest hurt and her eyes were that same honey shade .
te	O	He seemed genuinely happy , and his good spirits lifted mine .
te	I	I am too , and I know you 're concerned about what 's going on out there .
te	O	Rigel rose to his knees but I pulled him back down , now scared enough that seeing was no longer my top priority .
te	I	Kylie looked up just as Derek walked in and the door opened .
te	O	We had been working on this for hours and finally I was getting the hang of it .
te	O	He extended his hand , and my dad shook it .
te	I	She shot a quick glance his way before focusing on Lorcan once more , and Keira 's lips trembled .
te	I	He 's not tough , not at all , but Tex was a handsome man , still is .
te	O	My stomach was churning and my eyelids hung heavy .
te	I	There was no one there , but I looked up , expecting to see Raphael on the other side of the counter .
te	O	Cheyenne said , but she knew .
te	O	Most of which was while he was working for her brother ... but Gwen didn 't think that fact was necessary to pass on .
te	O	She was done but Harry wasn 't .
te	O	I 'm not backing down , and I 'm not giving up .
te	O	I knew he 'd begun with others , but I couldn 't remember the inconsequential prelude , especially not while my brain was so clouded with exhaustion .
te	I	I knew it , and I was blathering .
te	O	I still hadn 't slowed , and if anything I sped up .
te	I	Her hands were clenched and her face was red with anger .
te	I	If he did , Argos would never see it coming , and he knew he could enter them fast enough .
te	O	Seeing their brother fall they attacked , and she had to defend herself .
te	O	His question was deceptively casual , but she felt the intensity of interest vibrating in it .
te	I	She merely nodded and her skin broke out in chill bumps .
te	O	Echo 's family was close , and they were there for each other .
te	I	It was his sickness that eventually brought them together , but I think she felt something for him before that .
te	O	He 'd had enough , and he was sure she 'd just reached her breaking point .
te	O	I think they raped me but I can 't be sure .
te	I	He remained constant , yet centuries had passed before his eyes .
te	I	They looked haunted , worried , but Sharon 's eyes met hers .
te	I	He found himself smiling at her and tenderness toward her rose in him .
te	I	I hope we can continue to see each other , and you 're a special lady .
te	O	Toby was startled by the choice of words -- and who 'd said anything about him doubting anything ?
te	I	He never really got well , but he wasn 't badly hurt by it .
te	I	She was so strong , but she struggled against the other woman .
te	O	My body hurt from trembling , and I was crying so hard I wanted to vomit .
te	I	He hadn 't used anything in it , but he still had his little Wal-Mart bag .
te	O	Ben started the meeting in a few minutes , and Shawn took a seat beside Seth .
te	O	She 'd never done anything like that in her life and she 'd loved every second of it .
te	I	I was already on my way over the hill , but Ava swallowed .
te	O	I don 't have the money to get an education and I can 't get the credits to get an education .
te	I	Despite everything , her inner core contracted with yearning , and his entire body shivered in response .
te	O	The Celeste listed and the dome flipped .
te	I	Alec barely seemed to notice , but each one struck a target .
te	I	I looked at her , and mom laughed at something David said .
te	O	Sweat trickled down her back , and she began to think that perhaps she had overdressed .
te	O	I guess he is not impressed with the locals and he has been raising hell with the FBI .
te	I	The image wouldn 't come , but Sarah tried to imagine Nick without his curly black hair tied back in a queue .
te	I	I could see him curious , but he avoided looking at me .
te	I	I collapse in a heap , and my legs buckle beneath me .
te	O	He 'd drunk enough wine until the pain of it had dissipated some , but still those stupid wind sprites had been around him .
te	O	The shock of the collision sent a judder up my left arm and it was all I could do to keep hold of my shield .
te	I	Honestly , it made me uncomfortable , and his compliment seemed superficial .
te	O	Her tan made her skin glow , and her blonde hair looked almost white .
te	O	He could talk almost normally , now , and he could walk much better with the canes .
te	O	She felt his deep sorrow , but there was acceptance in him , complete acceptance of the future .
te	I	I noted underlying fondness in his tone , but regis shook his head .
te	I	It felt so good , but she was begging again , pleading .
te	O	They knew I was taking a break , and that meant from everything , them included .
te	I	Her soft skin invited his touch and her blue-black curls felt like silk against his face .
te	I	It was way past my curfew and I was stranded .
te	I	His chest rose as he drank me in and the kisses slowed .
te	I	The awareness seemed angrier now , but this wasn 't news , since their judgment had been present from the first .
te	I	There were a million other reasons why getting involved wasn 't advisable , but for some reason I believed he wouldn 't sack me .
te	I	Without thought he stood up angrily , and Shawn had seen too much disapproval today .
te	O	Michael hit a button , and the trunk popped open .
te	O	She wanted to ask where there was , but sleep was already taking her .
te	I	I pull that on as well , and he hands me a military cap .
te	I	The rush hour was over and it was midmorning by now .
te	O	I think I saw some cheese in the fridge , and he 's also got a bag of fries .
te	I	She pressed herself against him in a hard hug and her arms wrapped around his neck .
te	O	My fingers itched to touch him , but I kept them by my sides .
te	I	My stomach pitched and my face burned .
te	I	I 'd probably have done the same if I was you , but it makes me feel like shit you couldn 't tell me .
te	O	His legs were still sore , but he could stand without flinching .
te	O	The old woman heard his footsteps and her eyes widened when she saw him .
te	O	Jack Kang lifts his hands , and the crowd goes silent .
te	I	The lights were dark , and there was no car in the drive .
te	O	I found the last stick in the immediate area , and together we stood .
te	I	Fluttering wings obscured the view and tents were crumpled to the ground .
te	O	She 's right , and I 'm ridiculous .
te	I	I can smell the scent of wildflowers that always reminds me of you , and I can almost feel you beside me as I write this letter .
te	O	I like you too and I 'm also scared .
te	I	He wants you there to help him , and Dad falls off the roof .
te	O	The shadow appeared on his face again , but he stepped around the table .
te	O	I managed to push to a sitting position , but standing was beyond me .
te	I	A familiar passage jumped out at me , and suddenly my eyes stopped .
te	I	For chance , he might have been Lord of Holden , but he found it hard to accept that .
te	I	I suddenly felt unwelcome , and the tension in the room seemed to build with each word that left Devon 's mouth .
te	O	His lips thinned , and his face reddened .
te	O	She was there and she was lonely .
te	O	Radcliffe threw the door open as they reached it , and Charlie nearly stuffed the poor girl inside .
te	O	He no more than finished his statement when the door slid open and Fergus entered the room .
te	O	Her arms were crossed and her bottom lip poked out in a full sulk .
te	O	It seemed terribly heavy , and it was hot to the touch .
te	I	She was reminded that she 'd always liked him and his mouth curved .
te	O	Eric felt his eyes change to Shifter , and Iona 's flicked to Shifter in response .
te	O	I 've waited over seven hundred years for you , and I 'll wait for you forever .
te	O	I 've never seen him , but if what they say is true , you don 't want to cross him .
te	O	His costume tugged at the bark and he had to tear it free .
te	I	I know how to adjust for that , but there 's no verb in the statement .
te	O	It appeared we had confused them , and they were deciding how to respond .
te	O	I will be able to see things you have been studying for years through your telescope , but I 'll be able to see them up close .
te	I	I didn 't , but I should have .
te	I	That was something Zane just wasn 't equipped to handle , and flashbacks meant military .
te	O	I didn 't think he did , but I didn 't voice that opinion .
te	I	She loved it just the same , but that was not a pretty sight .
te	O	The pain inside me felt too real , and I really couldn 't imagine it going away .
te	I	It was quiet for a long time and the rumbling stopped .
te	O	He had stayed silent in his covered crate , as ordered , but they must have smelled him , known that he was a huge beast .
te	I	Some Shifter women spread it around , but not all liked to go roaming .
te	I	To get the confrontation out of the way but there was nothing for it .
te	I	People applauded and I slammed my fist down on the podium .
te	O	The monster was taking over , but the monster could feel no pain , so Balthazar accepted it .
te	I	Kari cursed the fact she was a terrible liar , and the witch raised a skeptical brow .
te	O	Dante asks and his breathing is only slightly labored even though he 's been carrying me for five minutes already .
te	I	He brings it to his mouth , kissing the mark there , and his other hand reaches to take my scarred wrist .
te	O	I still felt grouchy , and crowds were the last thing I wanted to deal with .
te	I	Miranda caught the gleam of appreciation that made her burn even hotter and he sucked in his breath .
te	O	Something drew her back here today , and it wasn 't simply the formality of attending the funeral .
te	I	The light from the lamppost reflected off the shiny , black horns and he turned his head .
te	O	The VP of Ops no longer looked quite so smug , but he still couldn 't tear his eyes away from Frank .
te	O	I didn 't have time to choose , but my foot connected with his lower back .
te	O	That 's why I thought I 'd burned him to death , but he wasn 't dead .
te	I	She didn 't contradict me , but Daphne 's black eyes narrowed .
te	I	My hands remain frozen and I reach my bag .
te	O	Leo knew Betelgeuse varied in brightness from time to time but his knowledge of celestial signs told him this was different .
te	O	I began to ask but my words dropped off .
te	O	Rand began to whistle softly and Rafe turned to stab him with a piercing glare , recognising the tune immediately as one that Adele favoured .
te	I	A bruise was forming on the outside of his right eye , and one side of his mouth had already begun to swell .
te	I	From here I can 't see inside the shed , but I can see both men in the house through the large windows .
te	O	It was impossible to hear a strong man like him beg , and for a few seconds , I was tempted .
te	I	The hunt was on and it was just after midnight on the start of day thirteen .
te	I	Only someone who knew him well would have noticed the pain at the edge of his smile , and he shrugged .
te	O	She looked at me straight , the hint of a grin on her face and I saw that she had been crying .
te	O	He was up when I arrived , and I quickly learned I was right that he knew about the fight last night .
te	O	I don 't know about you but our work load is pretty heavy .
te	O	She had convinced herself that his bark was more dangerous than his bite , but his cold words made her think otherwise .
te	O	Sometimes he was alone , and he ignored her tears as her bound body wriggled under his hands .
te	O	She has a respectable portion , but the amount is rumored to be unremarkable .
te	O	I hoof the bag extra hard , and in a way I know Ben isn 't expecting .
te	O	His lips tasted salty , and I kissed him back .
te	I	Most of the cars were parked there , and the main entrance was at the front .
te	O	His face was dead white and he looked as if he might pass out himself in another few moments .
te	O	They 'll want directions , and we can give them information they 'll probably need before long while we 're sailing on up to my Domain .
te	O	I guessed that we were back in my homeland , but maybe I just wished for what was not true .
te	O	The bodies were charred and there was a wretched smell of burning flesh .
te	I	They were located at posts all over the world , and that was a type of magic portal .
te	O	Before , it had been our team against theirs , but now , it was the two of us against the world .
te	O	There was no way to keep her scent from drifting to him , however , and his nostrils flared as he inhaled her fragrance .
te	O	I could hear horses inside , and it surprised me to see my fifteen-year-old brother , James , come riding out of the barn on a horse .
te	I	He relaxed with a long sigh and the scent made him think of high mountain meadows in springtime .
te	O	They 're a bunch of thugs , but no one is willing to challenge them .
te	I	She cupped my head in her hands , and I brushed a kiss against her temple .
te	I	I couldn 't , but I knew I should look up to see if everything was okay .
te	O	The school I attended had more than its fair share of bullies , and my own personal nemesis was an oversized thug called Shanice .
te	I	Your ability to memorize useless information is going to totally hook in some guy , and you 're easy on the eyes , if a little skinny .
te	I	I was fighting to hold back the tears and that stinging in my eyes was happening again .
te	O	This time there were plenty of people and there was a baby for them to fuss around .
te	O	I don 't know why , but the question strikes me as symbolic , like if we go back , I 'm expressing some subtle regret .
te	I	I didn 't care for the implications of that , and we came across some mossy human bones , however .
te	O	Cassie thought of her grandmother , and words echoed in her mind .
te	I	I smoked more because it was routine than because I had any real addiction , and smoking was a nasty habit .
te	I	She squeezed the trigger and her stomach clenched .
te	I	He was pulling out his own cell phone from his pocket but when I turned back around his eyes were still on me .
te	O	Niall 's smooth hands took mine , and I felt a flush of well-being .
te	I	Now she knew that the demon had tricked her , but she had come downstairs to check the electrical panel .
te	O	My heart wrenched and I knew that what I was doing wasn 't healthy .
te	I	Even now , she felt a shiver go through her at the thought of joining with him , and she imagined he was skilled at reciprocal release .
te	O	I want information , but I will only risk so much to get it .
te	O	Too much death surrounded him to allow for celebration , but he could not help a certain satisfaction at having survived .
te	O	His name was Hector Sanchez and he wasn 't the least bit Italian after all .
te	O	* * * Julie parked in front of the pet store and took a deep breath .
te	I	She couldn 't risk causing herself a deeper injury , and her mind was disintegrating .
te	O	The lawyer urged Carmine to cooperate , but the flickering fluorescent lights made it impossible for him to concentrate .
te	O	The absurdity of the thought captivated him , and his hysterics continued .
te	O	The tingling shot down my arm into him and he jolted as he lay there .
te	O	Its flashers were on and the hood was up .
te	O	I care for you and yours as best I may .
te	O	The sea laps softly at the wood and I stare down at the clear water .
te	O	They were all labeled and she had no trouble locating the ones marked with her name .
te	I	He barely heard her but she shrieked .
te	O	The riverboat was more interesting than the train and I relaxed enough to enjoy it .
te	O	I 'm here with you , and I will not let you die he silently vowed .
te	I	I stepped closer to him , pointing across the road and CHAPTER NINE We turned onto F Street .
te	I	None appeared , but we searched the sea for porpoise .
te	I	She felt someone pulling at her hair from the top of her head , but Anna ran towards the couch .
te	I	He was looking into her large dark eyes , and Jaxon 's impossibly long lashes fluttered , then lifted .
te	O	Julia found that endearing and she also found the fact that she had every right to touch him felt splendid .
te	O	I got the necessary permits so I can legally carry one , but I felt guilty keeping that from you , too .
te	O	He 's going for the girls now , but who 's to say he won 't go for us next ?
te	I	I don 't understand it and I have a heap of homework to do .
te	O	I told her about my dad and what it was I did exactly .
te	O	It could be torn up as easily as cashed , but right now she didn 't want to see it .
te	I	Selena felt his fixed gaze , but the uniformed man kept silence .
te	O	He pressed with all his might , but the edge would not enter .
te	O	My father ran his hand through his son 's light brown curls and I drew in a sharp breath .
te	O	He paid the same attention to the other and I was about ready to beg .
te	I	The front door swung open , and he clicked a button on the remote to his car .
te	O	I think it will also make him and his household more kindly disposed to you .
te	I	They walked down the hall to her bedroom , and the girl took the governess ' hand .
te	O	I knew that I was ugly crying at that point but I didn 't care .
te	I	Now I 'm not so sure , but I thought I was looking at him for no specific reason .
te	O	The smile on her face was one of secrecy and I felt a sense of dread .
te	O	She choked on the words , but they had to be said .
te	I	The scent of roasted rain fish wafted through the humid air , and his mother had a fire going on the shore .
te	O	He knows I 'm wearing his cross and now he 's getting all misty .
te	I	There was a chance that I might bump into one of them and I hadn 't seen my old services friends for a while .
te	I	The wait took a bit longer than expected and the computer system was busy with something else .
te	O	You couldn 't have pried him away from her side with the Jaws of Life back then , but this time was different .
te	O	She cried silently at two in the morning , and I know that it was for the same reasons that I did .
te	I	He looked sidelong at me with a guilty expression , and he seemed to make the connection only afterward .
te	I	I 'd been seconds from surrendering , and when his warm lips had caressed my neck , it 'd almost been too much .
te	O	Somerset was less than twenty miles away , but they couldn 't have been more different .
te	O	I set my mind in such a way that I may walk but I have to finish the target in an efficient way .
te	I	None of us looked like ladies , and there were only a few other women sitting down .
te	O	Last time I did that , I went to her apartment , and she never came back .
te	I	He 'd saved her , yet he was a destroyer .
te	I	Rena 's eyes flew once more back to his , and Nick lowered the speed back to a hum .
te	I	This time I thought I saw a hint of disappointment in Alex 's expression , and they exchanged another look .
te	I	I am afraid to look at him and there is utter silence on the terrace .
te	O	I 'd thought Sawyer was growing deeper the longer I knew him , but Will seemed fathomless .
te	I	Weaver didn 't shake it , but he thrust out his hand .
te	O	Alex was vaguely aware of the desk top suddenly beneath her bottom , but that was all the attention she could manage to spare .
te	I	I started feeling as if I was the lone survivor in a bad horror flick and it was so surreal .
te	I	They lurched away , swinging around to head for an opening in the trees and the army specialist threw the vehicle into gear .
te	O	Fitch had a bunch of questions for the witness , but he couldn 't get them asked in open court .
te	I	Spencer stilled them with his own and my hands began to visibly shake .
te	I	They had caused him much pain and he had encountered those sticks before .
te	O	She hadn 't liked that other world , but being alone in this one was terrifying .
te	O	Andrew 's got Kevin 's back , but you 've got Kevin 's attention .
te	O	Soon we were at the edge and I could get my bearings .
te	O	We both sort of laughed and I finally made my way to the elevator .
te	I	She did not resist her but Maggie could see Nicole stiffen .
te	I	She hadn 't reacted well to me being involved with Rose , but I wanted to tell her that it wasn 't that simple .
te	O	Razor fangs sliced through her hide and the remains of the stocking fell away .
te	I	He smiled back , his warm hands coasting lightly around my waist as he pulled me back to him and I grinned at him .
te	O	If things didn 't settle down , he 'd get involved , and none of us would want that .
te	I	They were also intended to obscure , but those decorations were intended for beauty .
te	O	Her questing fingers hit a sensitive spot , and that combined with the wet clasp of her mouth around me are too much .
te	O	His fingers squeezed back , very gently , and he made no other answer .
te	O	Maybe it was finally over and I could go on with my life .
te	I	The panel door opened and the latch was disengaged .
te	I	She was successful in curing some ailments , and word quickly spread of her work .
te	O	There was a gentle mountain breeze that blew through the pines and we reached an area that while high up , flattened out .
te	I	She hoped that she wouldn 't be around when he did , and she wasn 't sure if Andrew had ready her letter yet .
te	I	I 'm not a cute little boy , and my grandfather isn 't your master nowadays .
te	O	His hard cock was begging for my attention and I leaned forward , anxiously licking my lips .
te	I	Many others are loose and some are paper clipped .
te	I	Those same nerves were soothed with just one look from William , and my nerves raced as I waited for the moment to arrive .
te	I	It came from the porch , and the voice was Andrea 's .
te	I	I was ready with the truth , and I knew the question was coming .
te	I	It wasn 't there , but frantic , she patted the pocket of her sweatpants , searching for her cellphone .
te	O	I was alone in the washroom , and the woman at the end of the aisle was gone .
te	I	They expected that this would not last , but they were left alone by the government .
te	O	You 're scared now , but you won 't always be .
te	I	I was very excited about it , and I had planned a trip to Europe during my three months off that year .
te	I	It didn 't feel hard , but it seemed a great stone slab .
te	I	That could wait until we hit clearer skies , but Chaz had suggested we each take a section of the controls to divide up the work .
te	O	Devon was silent right up until the point when I finished talking , and then he let loose .
te	I	My body was soaked and my lungs breathed deeply .
te	I	The other is tucked into my sports bra strap and I have an earbud in one ear .
te	O	The seat is so comfy , and the cushion wraps around my buttocks as if it 's hugging me .
te	I	They were getting on her nerves and Alisa yelled back , saying that they were being too loud .
te	I	Her lovely chin rose with courage , but her hazel eyes glinted in fear .
te	I	I looked up into his eyes , and my heart jumped at his endearment .
te	O	They were almost his memories , but he thought she never quite realized the impact her stories had on him .
te	O	I technically didn 't need to sleep , but I still did it out of habit .
te	O	I didn 't want him to stop , even if his maddeningly slow pace might kill me , and I shifted restlessly on my feet .
te	I	I fancied I live up to even exaggerated reports , but it is natural to discount such tales by half .
te	O	I wondered what I would think of my old self , and I was somewhat tempted to ask to see the body .
te	O	I lowered my pride for him and he 'll step over it just like that ?
te	I	The room was empty , and she opened the door .
te	I	I humbly request some solitude , but I realize that I am intruding .
te	O	I saw him briefly in the evening , but he did not seem to recognize me .
te	I	It seemed sturdy enough , but it was very rusty .
te	I	I would keep my word , and I 'd accepted , though .
te	I	The fire was faster than she was , but howling , she raced toward the door .
te	O	A thought struck her , and Celaena tilted her head to the side .
te	I	It took time for him to open up again , but it was obvious that she was feeling better .
te	O	I didn 't but I had to cover all the bases for my client .
te	O	I turned to thank him but the doors had already closed .
te	I	I fought the urge to hurl it out of the window and my phone screamed the whole way home .
te	O	The call ends up going to her voice mail and I leave her a message .
te	O	Maybe other bales had fallen and the wagon had rolled some with the shifting of the weight .
te	O	Monday mornings Jesse would take Ruby down the street for brunch , and they would talk over anything that needed reviewing .
te	O	She frowned , facing me , and then took a deep breath .
te	I	She didn 't have to like it , but Shannon knew Julian was right .
te	I	His wife nodded to us , and he gave us a quick salute to his temple .
te	I	This prompted my next question to her , and there was something bothering me about what Sarah had done immediately after our hands had parted .
te	O	Confusion twisted her face as she stared back at him , but before she could reply , a light flooded over both of them .
te	O	I had picked him up there a hundred times , but he always met me outside .
te	I	When he finished the song , he turned to her , and she thought she heard him breathe a soft sigh , as if in relief .
te	I	I would be a goner and one step too far to the left .
te	O	They might still be here , but they ran out of food .
te	I	The woman said that they could not stake the children because they were not full vampires like their father and they were arguing .
te	I	Bat poo was falling like rain , and there were bats flying around everywhere .
te	I	Her fur stood straight up and her back arched .
te	O	Xavier 's tone changed and I watched him carefully .
te	O	I was being helped by something and that was very clear to me .
te	O	Boss signaled two more men in the other truck and a moment later they were dragging a body clumsily up the steep incline of the ramp .
te	I	He didn 't look like he believed them , but the words came out of Dean 's mouth .
te	I	I gave them both a disarming smile which they reciprocated , and the woman took the child in her arms .
te	I	It felt nice and their knees touched .
te	O	They flicked down at Zoe for just a moment , and she could see they were different .
te	O	My heart pounded against my ribs and I dripped sweat .
te	I	The lingering scent was enough to make it seem like I had , but I didn 't think I was able to taste the cake itself .
te	O	She followed his unspoken orders and while they were driving , she tried to look around inconspicuously to realize where they were going .
te	I	Her baby curls are oil slick black and her soft skin is the colour of creamy mocha .
te	O	It didn 't take them long to get to the bar , and within an hour Jewell was more than ready to go home .
te	I	I did , but I don 't know how I knew that .
te	I	David didn 't want to wait and he was obviously on a call .
te	I	Something got stuck in Lea 's mind , but Lea was exercising as Alonso asked her .
te	O	Mia was just sitting there and he sat down next to her .
te	I	She let Claire squeeze in beside her , but Eve had already claimed it .
te	I	I stomped them all to hell and the other spiders came at me .
te	O	A few minutes passed , but I didn 't move .
te	O	Mr. Cole looked over towards the door , but the two who had come to the hospital were already gone .
te	I	It was early , and I was on my bike .
te	O	She found the book easily enough and it was enormous .
te	I	I certainly don 't want it and I don 't understand it .
te	I	She 'd hoped that he would come to her , repeating family history , but returning the package he had sent her hadn 't been easy .
te	I	She held onto him tight as he followed , and her body clenched with convulsions .
te	I	The computer went berserk for a few minutes and we ran that through the Homeland Security database .
te	I	Her killer had turned out to be my killer , but I had found Mrs. Randolph 's killer , sure .
te	I	It was definitely not something I had much experience with , but I 'd been writing more personal essay type stuff lately .
te	I	His face grew red and his tone changed .
te	I	The door to their apartment was slightly ajar , but they reached the fifth floor without seeing anyone .
te	O	Three Guardians stand alert beside the car , and they spring into action at the sight of us .
te	O	The vampire that took her knew her , and she hasn 't returned .
te	I	It might also have been his elation , but he 'd almost passed out from the vertigo it caused .
te	I	His stomach lurched inside of him and he felt his throat close up .
te	O	She didn 't have a plan , but she had ideas .
te	O	This made him unable to move and he choked to death .
te	O	She is shouting at them , but her voice is vanishing in the noise .
te	I	That was only a few people , but yesterday he made everyone leave .
te	O	She knew her brother liked to do things his own way , but she never thought he 'd go this far .
te	O	Haven heard them exit the building and she slipped out of the closet , even more stunned at her apartment this time .
te	I	I know he worries about us when he 's gone , but it 's been a big hit .
te	O	I have come to you begging on my knees , on my face , in fasting , in repentance and yet no answer has come .
te	I	His sharp intake of breath stopped her , but she took one step toward the stairs .
te	O	He was in a magic circle , not one drawn with chalk but one made by the third eye of Shiva .
te	O	The other guard 's flailing attacks needed parrying too , and the man was putting his full strength into the swings .
te	O	Not only their behaviour of one obediently following the other , in every group , but their clothing indicated distinct hierarchy too .
te	O	A shaking girl pointed to a doorway off the living room , and when Dare beat Sam inside his worst fears were confirmed .
te	I	She wasn 't against learning but she wasn 't into horses .
te	I	Then she 'd somehow managed to defeat him in a fight to the death , and Emma had discovered that he was her father .
te	O	David coughed again , and Harriet handed him his mug of water .
te	I	He drove off into the night and I raised my hand , not wanting to wave goodbye as the door closed .
te	O	A lot of people can 't handle being alone , and I think Lila might be one of those people .
te	I	It was in the early stages of development , but he already had a contingency plan in mind .
te	O	There 's a hierarchy of command and the Inquisitor is near the top .
te	O	Suddenly a loud cracking noise came from the building and Tom saw a huge fracture descend from the middle of the palace .
te	O	He needed to rest , and if this was where he could do that , she 'd accept it .
te	O	We arrive at my door , and I turn to face him .
te	I	Daniel put an arm around her , and Katherine felt her legs getting weak .
te	O	That red hat meant you better not screw around with that guy , or a relentless Postal Inspector would make sure you regretted it .
te	I	It took an added effort to even see and Fatigue touched every part of Mike 's body .
te	O	This was the tenth she 'd investigated over the hours she and several other competitors had been down deep inside this never-ending Mayan tomb .
te	I	It was aimed right at us and it hung as if on wires , awaiting to be plucked .
te	O	A new song switched on , something by Pink , and suddenly I didn 't mind it was so loud .
te	O	I had just opened my mouth to reply when some invisible force nearly yanked me off my feet , and I shrieked instead .
te	I	Then it 's dark again , and the hallway brightness flashes .
te	O	The church 's front door opened , and a gaggle of children spilled out .
te	I	We hovered over them to watch what the crew was doing and we saw lots of sailboats in the ocean too .
te	I	It was apparent that it was an electrical conductor of some sort , but Devon had never seen anything like it before .
te	I	I never got through to you , but I called you several times in hopes you could help me .
te	I	It was all coming back to him , and one quick flick of a mental switch .
te	O	The debt has gone unpaid too long and they 're uncomfortable with it .
te	I	He felt a bit lightheaded and Mar 's skin flushed hot .
te	I	They 'll like you and be likeable .
te	I	Somehow the men had followed suit , and Mrs Cassidy always dressed nicely when she served supper .
te	I	The steps of my mother echoed in the hallway and I covered my mouth as a sob escaped .
te	O	If he was flirting with me like Evan had said , I loved it , but it was a little overwhelming at the same time .
te	O	He half smiled and I hit him in the arm .
te	O	I remembered that I should answer , but I didn 't think they would be able to hear me .
te	I	The rest of the crowd applauded by stamping the ground in rhythm and the weaver dancers clattered their sticks together in approval .
te	I	The first photograph of the Black Knight was in the 1960 's , and the photographs here are taken from later American missions .
te	O	The point is that I 'm headed somewhere with my career , but when it comes to relationships , I 'm not headed anywhere .
te	O	I was heavily dressed , but already the cold was deep in my thighs .
te	O	His shoulders were square and he stood very straight .
te	O	The seconds ticked by , and Harding said nothing .
te	O	She wanted say she had just the grandmother , but there were different words coming out of her mouth .
te	O	His whisker burns abraded her neck , and he smelled himself all over her .
te	O	Having plans and then canceling them was worse than not hearing from Andrew at all .
te	I	Russ was acting as if what he 'd done last Sunday had never happened , but Hannah couldn 't believe it .
te	I	She couldn 't imagine she would 've picked anything different and he had excellent taste .
te	I	He did not seem to be inclined to share , but I knew there was something else going on .
te	I	Now he felt like he was staring at an entirely different human being , but when she had arrived , her clothes screamed tourist .
te	I	Then dropped low , before returning to the higher tone , and two Francis whistled in a continuous high tone .
te	I	They were a go for the next phase and Jay updated the website to let everyone else on the team know that vaccine testing was complete .
te	I	She turned dismissive eyes toward Vin as she approached , and her arms sparkled with lavender bracelets that matched her dress .
te	O	It 's regrettable , but you saved lives .
te	O	My skepticism is strong , but my curiosity is stronger .
te	O	Now it was after midnight and I was definitely feeling hungry .
te	I	He tucked his arm around her waist as he led her into her darkened bedroom , and she stood with his help .
te	I	Then the bolt click shut , and Adam heard the door close .
te	O	It is too dark to see where we are , but if we are getting off , we are probably close to the fence .
te	I	I found myself quite interested in finding out , but I wasn 't sure where this was going .
te	O	Michael suddenly had visions of the floor cracking open , spouts of liquid fire shooting up to incinerate them , and he shivered .
te	O	There 's silence for another minute , and I 'm suspended in this pool of pleasure where he 's left me , completely under his control .
te	I	His fingers trail along in their wake and his palms brush my arms .
te	I	Small groups of flies darted around the open area , and the shadows lengthened as the sun began to set .
te	I	I have crap to show for it , but I already spent half the stupid morning at this coffee shop , trying to catch up .
te	O	She left with William , and Henri made it a point to personally apologize to Ashland again for the intrusion .
te	I	He had a possessive air about him , but his eyes were hooded , his lips straight .
te	O	Maybe they 'd been enemies six years ago , but he was now one of her favorite people .
te	I	Either way , it felt good , but it was probably the game , more than the woman , that was exciting .
te	I	I guessed I 'm ashamed to see my father , but I don 't know what was wrong with me .
te	I	The moon waxed in the east and Orion was high .
te	O	Few would attempt entry there because they could be seen easily and the fence was difficult to climb .
te	I	When Cassandra tried to get up on her feet , he lashed her once more , and De Roy raised his hand .
te	I	She was good for him , and he was good for her .
te	I	Just stares outward , but it 's a testament to her state of mind that Nina hasn 't even lifted her camera since we arrived .
te	O	The kettle began to whistle and Ernest removed it from the stovetop .
te	I	I forced myself to my feet and I was anxious to move on .
te	I	She attempted to control her enthusiasm , but they had no idea how glad she was to see them .
te	I	He wanted ta look for work , but Said he was gon na pick a bit more .
te	I	I clung to Dean for dear life , and the bike shook like an angry volcano beneath me .
te	I	He placed the shrieking Jane in them , and I steeled myself to hold out my arms .
te	O	It was too early in the discussion for me to know what was going on , but Nate sounded like he was ready to kill someone .
te	I	Very soon , he would know all her secrets , but why she was pulling away , he didn 't understand .
te	I	He sat up and the Director 's voice hardened .
te	I	It would not be pleasant , and he would deal with Rebecca later .
te	O	You get your law school tuition , and you 'll have a credit card for expenses while we 're married .
te	I	I was on my own as soon as I entered the school and that was when I realized no one was there to help me .
te	O	I have said she had no face ; but that meant she had a thousand faces .
te	I	He had assured us we would be well entertained there , and Logan 's father knew several important business contacts in Italy .
te	O	I wanted a hug so badly but I couldn 't go weak now .
te	I	Dirk insists upon holding her hand , and they walk to the diner .
te	O	Before she knew it , he grabbed her around the waist and she screamed out , laughing at her pathetic attempt to steal potato chips .
te	I	She swayed on her feet and a yawn caught her unawares .
te	O	His real name was Kevin , but his orange ' fro insured he 'd be linked with the MacDonald 's mascot into perpetuity .
te	O	He kneaded them harder and I felt a rush of arousal shoot between my legs .
te	I	He was gone , but I ran to my dad .
te	O	I wasn 't in the mood to argue with Josie , and I could almost feel the heat from her truck cab .
te	I	She took the call in the hospital lobby , and Valerie 's cell phone vibrated .
te	O	The thought of taking her to the hospital to get checked out could 've been good , but there might be too many questions asked .
te	O	The words came from inside the room and we 're followed by a distinct sob .
te	I	There was nowhere on the Sulphur Queen for him to go , but chapter 22 Member of the Cabinet Nick had made it out .
te	I	Then I disappeared into the trees , and both boys gave me a hug .
te	O	My grandmother really was immortal and she had to witness her mother sacrifice herself .
te	I	Thayer shuddered , and another bark .
te	I	The guys drank and we laughed .
te	I	I could see her grinning , but she rolled her eyes .
te	I	It has been a fruitless search , not another escape craft in sight and ~ ~ 0 ~ ~ 0 ~ ~ 0 ~ ~ Two hours .
te	I	They could not possibly win , but they doggedly resisted the inevitable with all of their skill .
te	O	Charles dropped from the air beside me , and I heard similar sounds at my back .
te	I	She danced in front of the mirror , turning the song to full blast and her towel fell to the floor .
te	O	It was not pleasant , but it was no risk to Mihai 's life .
te	I	She looked away and her body shuddered .
te	O	He seemed to shake himself , and then he was back on earth again .
te	I	The meeting would be tonight and it was Friday morning .
te	O	His stiff , straight lips twitched , and then the corners turned up .
te	I	I can barely catch my breath , and my heart is thumping like crazy .
te	I	Already we 've lost a seventh of our force and it hasn 't been two hours .
te	O	White lights appeared in front of my eyes , but still I refused to give up .
te	I	She experienced a flashback to earlier that evening , and all she could see was blood .
te	O	She knew it had something to do with Jackson , but he wasn 't talking .
te	I	I hear her strangled plea and my mother grabs Andrew 's arm .
te	I	I paid them no mind but stunned faces stared at me from the circle .
te	O	Your mother , now , she was a real elemental , and she showed us all just how much power she had .
te	O	She had only been to Rainbow Bend Ranch once and that had been years ago .
te	I	You 're better , but she was good .
te	I	It was the best he could do , but they picked up the smell of the house .
te	I	Midnight sidestepped twice , seemingly eager to head back to the barn , and the leather creaked as it accepted his weight .
te	O	This was the first Christmas without parents for both of them , and everything they did hurt .
te	I	It seemed like forever and I waited eagerly for the people in white to leave so I could ask her what had happened .
te	O	A middle-aged man walked into the ER with a clipboard and we all jumped up .
te	I	I followed him up to my porch and he took my hand .
te	I	Passions are running high and a lot of people have taken up sides on this case .
te	I	He decided to believe him , but Jeff had no idea how he knew that was it .
te	I	His thoughts shattered , but David opened his mouth to say something .
te	I	The puddles left yellow stains on the ground when they dried up but they weren 't sure what was in the rain at the moment .
te	I	She 'd always been mature for her age , so it really wasn 't an issue , but she was younger than most , sure .
te	O	Sometime over the past twenty minutes she 'd lost track of them and as much as she hated to admit it , she needed them .
te	O	April peeked around the door , and Caroline moaned in dread .
te	O	Damen 's control snapped and he stalked towards Mairi .
te	I	The feeling passed and she sat quickly .
te	O	The flames began to fade and the dirt street became muddy .
te	I	He doesn 't know what to say , but Max opens his mouth to speak .
te	O	They would get one chance and it was his role to precipitate it .
te	I	He knew that he had , but he wished he 'd never said that to a patient of his .
te	O	Your brother can do it , and he 's two years younger .
te	I	He 'd told only Eleanor , and only Hart had known .
te	O	My head stopped throbbing and the tension from the day ran with the soapy water down the drain .
te	O	Instead he leads me towards a brick building , and we ascend a stairwell off the back .
te	I	In the histories it was the dragons , but in the stories , the knights triumphed .
te	I	She felt a burst of warmth , and his dark eyes settled on her .
te	O	He 'd thrown a party , and after not answering his calls for over a week , I 'd shown up , finally ready to talk .
te	I	I realized I 'd seen him somewhere before , but he didn 't see me .
te	O	She knew she shouldn 't be wondering about such things , but she couldn 't help it .
te	I	I 'd learned to enjoy my days there , and apparently Reese belonged to the beach club .
te	I	This is all new to you and you 're young .
te	O	I did not care then and I do not care to know now .
te	O	This ain 't Morganville , and if you end up in a jail cell , you 'll die .
te	O	It 's not great , but it 'll do until we can get you a real one .
te	O	Palm trees stretched as far as the eye could see , and we wondered if Easter Island had once looked this way .
te	I	He was not in short supply of them , but the death toll would be expensive , as would training new men .
te	I	He hadn 't been as troubled as the others by Baldur 's nightmares and Loki was jealous of Baldur .
te	I	It all fell together and we found each other .
te	O	The kiss ended and they exchanged a knowing smile .
te	O	His eyes were watching the commotion at his stronghold 's entrance and Matthew slowly turned to see what was happening there with his companions .
te	O	Rage coursed through him , but his movements were controlled .
te	I	Ian slipped through , and the crowd of Rosewood Day students parted .
te	I	The man nearest him stood , and several people waved hello .
te	O	The sound comes in from the outside , and I look toward a window with worry .
te	I	She was inside and a palm scanner opened the next door .
te	I	I 'm catching both of them stealing glimpses of me from afar and they 'd been talking in hushed tones .
te	I	I still felt a burst of irritation at his disregard for his own life , but he was right .
te	I	I stayed in bed , comforted by Perpetua curled up beside me and the rain continued for most of the day .
te	I	Only a very few survive in hard-to-reach areas , and within a year they were felled almost into extinction by the ornamental house number plate industry .
te	O	I can understand his wanting me killed , but he didn 't have to kill Ceara .
te	I	We don 't know what type of people they are , but we are helping them .
te	I	I still wanted to see her now , but it was only a few hours away .
te	I	It made all the difference , but she barely had to move .
te	O	Perhaps mortals are different now , and marriages are happier things .
te	O	Geez , the guy was nearly impossible to get rid of at school , but the minute I said dress shopping he backed off .
te	O	He looked like he was about to speak , but no words came out of his open mouth .
te	O	Now get home and we 'll talk about this !
te	O	His shoulder muscles flexed beneath her arm , and he picked up the stone .
te	I	I 'm camping and Jesus look at it , cost me more than I 'd ever dreamed possible .
te	O	We walked to a side door , and Jared gave it a light tug .
te	O	Abby walked by and he grabbed her hand .
te	I	My jaw dropped and I looked down .
te	I	He gave a sharp nod , and Nolen 's glare wavered .
te	I	I wasn 't going to quibble about something like that right now , but I really wished he 'd quit .
te	I	She had missed the last three , and she had a standing weekly appointment .
te	I	Eric had worked on her relentlessly , wearing her down , but absurd , Mother had declared at first .
te	O	Tucker had placed them together when she was a freshman , and they 'd spent nearly every day together since .
te	O	His voice is calm as normal , but underneath it all , you can sense the menace within him .
te	I	I saw the distant head snap back from the impact , and the shot felt true .
te	I	She wanted to be certain she wouldn 't cringe if he called and there was always a chance she would hear from her prey again .
te	I	It didn 't take much to wreck her , and that girl you wrote about had enough problems in her life .
te	O	There are plenty of handicapped human beings and nobody would say that they aren 't human .
te	I	Chains tugged and cogs turned .
te	O	Both of my brothers stare at me , and I draw my knees to my chest .
te	O	The sweatshirt was big on her and she looked ridiculous .
te	O	There were tears on my face , and I didn 't scrape them off .
te	O	His arms around her got tight and one hand drifted up her back into her hair to tuck her face in his neck .
te	I	I didn 't explain it to you but I told you that .
te	I	I desperately tried to swallow something that wasn 't there and my mouth went dry .
te	I	I knew that he was two seconds away from feeling my fist in his face and tomas shouted again .
te	I	There are so many of them that I begin to worry and they 're so tiny from this far away .
te	O	He had a knowing smile on his face and I steeled myself , guessing what was coming .
te	I	I was really good , and I took that gourmet course .
te	O	Mike was always quick to point out when Gabe turned a pretty woman 's head , but Gabe had no patience for it .
te	I	My mom so tight we 'd pretend we couldn 't breathe and he 'd hug me .
te	I	I know she caused the car bomb , but I couldn 't read her mind clearly .
te	I	She could tell that he was looking at her and he stopped .
te	O	The place needed a complete overhaul , and my creative juices were already flowing .
te	I	Then my steps slowed as I took in my surroundings , and I followed him out of the car .
te	I	There were two guards outside my front door and I went back .
te	O	She 'd woken up because of the dream , but this felt different .
te	O	She didn 't understand why , but she yearned to be close to him .
te	I	She wasn 't sleepy , but she tried to close her eyes .
te	O	He was more skilled at riding , but she managed to unseat him once .
te	I	He wasn 't stopping there , and he was stealing her heart .
te	O	Williams burst through the door , and a handful of other guards joined him , crowding the small space .
te	I	The sleazy writer was trying to sabotage his story , and it had crossed his mind briefly when it happened .
te	O	Winona had a lot to bargain for and I was quite confused at that moment .
te	O	Anna had been in a fire just over a month ago , and seventy percent of her little , eight-year-old body had been badly burned .
te	O	It was a tight fit but Jack was inside the mill in seconds .
te	I	She released it to him , stepping back and he grabbed hold of the handlebars .
te	O	Paul yelled at her to get up , but no sound came out of his mouth .
te	I	That included chasing herds over cliffs - and the old wolves taught them the easiest ways .
te	I	When I close my eyes I see his face , and I can still feel the guy 's hands all over me .
te	I	There was no judgment in his eyes , but his blue gaze pierced me .
te	O	I do not know if I would have had the courage to dive into those murky waters , but I certainly appreciated the horror in doing so .
te	I	I looked away as they shared a tender moment and she kissed my father .
te	I	I couldn 't make sense of it , and I didn 't know what I saw .
te	I	She was disconcerted by this woman 's forthright manner , but she knew her words sounded feeble .
te	I	It was too dangerous to attempt to retrieve any belongings from inside and they had nothing with which to put out the flames .
te	O	She already knew what is going on , but she couldn 't explain it .
te	O	There were times when I thought my head was going to explode , and I 'd weep helplessly from the pain .
te	O	He lifted a branch and it watered his arm .
te	I	It has a king-size bed , and there is only one room .
te	I	I 'm trying to save Damien from being bombarded with questions , but I know it 's a weak attempt .
te	O	They evac 'd because the wind was a threat to the MAV , but the Hab can withstand a lot more punishment .
te	I	The slight pain sent waves of fire through Tara , but the gentleness of their earlier lovemaking was gone .
te	O	The blade sunk into his skin , but the pain Taylor expected was dulled .
te	I	I followed closely behind and Markus opened the door .
te	O	He pulled himself away and immediately I hated it .
te	O	The door slowly creaked open and a young woman stood there .
te	O	I asked , and then I bit my lip .
te	O	It 's thin , but it 's warm .
te	O	The house , in the late sun , was immensely quiet , and he wondered where Neil was .
te	O	Michael gave the driver the address where Rock was located and they pulled out of Gavin 's estate .
te	O	Fantasies are free and I don 't have to fulfill them .
te	I	She does , but it may be time she doesn 't think she needs .
te	I	He continued , and I narrowed my eyes at him .
te	I	I am the other and you are one part !
te	I	They saw that there was a small opening several metres above their head and he pointed up .
te	O	They dressed strangely , but they were human .
te	O	A couple almost collided with her , but she didn 't care .
te	I	They will find this out , and I 'm not an elf .
te	O	It may not know precisely where we are , but it knows that we 've been killing its soldiers .
te	O	She spoke to her husband , presumably updating him and he , in turn , spoke to her .
te	O	He writes on the board , and I groan , visibly folding .
te	O	They 'll force you to face your own limitations , and then they 'll teach you how to overcome them .
te	O	I noticed the blue bracelet he was wearing , and I looked at it curiously .
te	I	He bent to kiss Maureen 's cheek nevertheless , but Robert jerked as if he had been struck .
te	I	They excused themselves to the bathroom , and I gave them a dirty look .
te	O	Marlo lay unmoving , and Jace couldn 't tell whether he was breathing .
te	O	We come to another door , also locked , and the signal seems to be coming from beyond it .
te	I	Her toes cramped , and her arms trembled .
te	O	Emma stepped on his foot but he only grunted slightly with the pain .
te	I	I could clearly see that the thirst was still with him , and he swallowed hard .
te	I	Someone plopped down next to him , and the car crowded up , again .
te	I	We moved to Minnesota when I was in 8th grade , but I 'd grown up in Texas when I was little .
te	I	He pressed his lips to my forehead for a lingering moment , and I nodded .
te	O	Salina had been giving Eva her bath for the night , and Eva was still in the tub , dripping wet .
te	O	Pantry doors stood open , and a stack of flatware chests stood on the floor by the table .
te	O	I believed that she could , and I believed that she would .
te	I	I began walking alongside her , bracing myself , and Sara hopped down the steps .
te	I	That was a terrible bust , but I tried a glamour .
te	O	It had been a fun night , and I wanted him to remember it .
te	O	A laugh bubbled up in my chest and I quickly turned away so he couldn 't see the smile on my face .
te	O	She sucked her bottom lip in to stifle a smile and that nearly threw me over the edge .
te	O	All she needed to do was make some vague reply about Carrie and she 'd be on her way .
te	O	The red Porsche parked at the front , but I couldn 't see who got out of it .
te	O	It was a virgin territory and creatures , which lived here , didn 't know humans at all .
te	O	He had been focused completely on his alibi witnesses and the procedural sideshow sailed past his ears .
te	I	He glowed as he spoke of the peace he felt , and his whole countenance had changed .
te	O	We went up into the city , and he took me to his house .
te	I	Finally the trading was done , but it took a long time .
te	O	Some of the best memories of my life took place out there , but it was a ways out so I stopped going when I became homeless .
te	O	Some will come after us , and some will proceed on to the lab here .
te	I	It takes it a second to register , but I notice the marks on his skin .
te	I	I nearly walked into her , catching myself on the railing , and Kenzie pulled up behind him .
te	I	I followed them over to Henrich 's for breakfast , and he 's with five staff members .
te	I	It faded as she turned back to me , but she smiled again .
te	I	He knew that if his opponent grabbed hold of him , he would be dragged outside as well and Simon felt Steve slowly sliding outside .
te	O	Gita 's eyes gleamed and she leaned forward .
te	I	She looks away and her face creases .
te	O	My neck wounds had faded away by the time we got together , but I didn 't speak of them to my family .
te	O	Call girls are her empire and she 's the queen , which makes me a pawn .
te	I	Gaston stepped out , extending his hand to help her out as well and the driver smoothly pulled up to a restaurant .
te	O	Alexander , I guess you 'd better go to Callisto , and the boys ' are sure to be waited for on Earth .
te	I	He was feeling no pain and now it was in full swing .
te	I	Shane almost smiled despite himself , and it made a cheery sound when it pulled free .
te	I	Kate headed to the bathroom , and her father scampered after Ms. Riggs .
te	O	She knew the part that Jake was going to play , but she had to make her part much more convincing .
te	I	He 'd already wasted precious time plucking up the courage , and they were finally alone .
te	I	It would let nothing stand in its way and it was on a mission to kil me .
te	I	The airwaves are empty and the power is out .
te	I	I was starting to understand why he didn 't believe in love , and I was now seeing a more vulnerable side .
te	I	For some reason she wanted him anyway , but she deserved so much better than what he had to offer .
te	I	He bought the one after that , and I bought the next drink .
te	O	Their stern faces and watchful eyes were only betrayed by their costumes .
te	I	She smiles , looking up and hulls says something to her .
te	I	One day we were called to Uganda , near Lake Victoria and I joined her .
te	I	It sounded more angry than scared , but they didn 't have a translator .
te	O	Shock filled her at his answer , and she collapsed back onto the couch .
te	O	The elevator closed behind me and I kicked the metal door .
te	I	I wanted to back up , and he was practically hissing through his teeth .
te	I	He shushed her , warning that if she yelled , she would upset the birds , but she was about to raise her voice to him .
te	I	Frankly I didn 't think there was anything wrong with what he 'd said , and Miranda didn 't look like she cared .
te	O	We stopped a few minutes later and Brad told us that we 'd been trekking for about an hour .
te	I	There 's no spell , and there 's no need .
te	I	Isaac watched his eyes scan the forest for signs of life , and Connor stared out the window .
te	O	Not exactly a warm greeting , but Walter never had cared for being interrupted at the office .
te	O	I ´ m flying and this is the greatest feeling ... ever .
te	O	Darlene had flinched the first time he touched her , but once she learned he acted that way with all of his employees , she had relaxed .
te	I	Everything else became too quick to process , and the formerly slow pendulums became a threat .
te	I	Just as fast as it started , it was over ... and beauty .
te	I	His gut told him where he could find her , but he didn 't know why .
te	I	Rei placed his gloved hand next to hers and Rome put her hand up to the glass .
te	I	The minute I met you , I knew you were different , but hannah , I know you 're going to think this makes no sense .
te	I	He 'd been willing to wait three years to get it and he 'd simply wanted the common courtesy of a face-to-face goodbye .
te	O	Under normal circumstances I wouldn 't have thrown any of my female cousins under the bus , but desperate times called for desperate measures .
te	O	I knew he thought he had done the right thing and there was nothing I could do to convince him otherwise .
te	O	His free arm pulled her leg higher , and her hips were pressed against his erection .
te	O	She inhaled deeply once more , but still no smell reached her .
te	O	There was nothing really threatening in her expression , but her eyes were frosty .
te	I	We get out of the car and she pulls into a circular drive .
te	O	I shivered again and Cadmus smiled .
te	I	I didn 't think we would be outside too terribly much but I wasn 't in the warmest clothes .
te	O	Shane focused on her , but that didn 't make it better .
te	I	Our little circle held all the warmth in the world , but it might have been freezing elsewhere .
te	I	Something was always coming up , but he 'd tried to get away from his kids .
te	I	I just couldn 't , but I tried to shift .
te	I	She feels a warm rush throughout her body and her arm brushes his .
te	I	I knew better - but it might not have sounded like a big deal - a little holiday , then back to the grind .
te	O	They 'd go to Scotland tomorrow and maybe he could see someone there .
te	O	Amy 's knowledge of this structure might prove useful in the battle , but she wasn 't sure how .
te	I	He figured great coffee was worth a change in his routine , but two nights in the same place was unusual for Reacher .
te	I	The heat seemed to sink into him , and her fingers were still warm , far warmer than an average human 's .
te	I	I might as well try , but I had a weary , wary feeling that this wasn 't going to be the end of it .
te	O	They asked him to come to another house and the same thing happened .
te	O	My hands are shaking but I hold the gun up to his face again .
te	O	At first Pierce thought it was lined with mirrors , but with a second glance he realized they were windows .
te	O	We need to formulate a plan , and this is the best I can come up with .
te	O	I will make sure you receive as much NIL as you need , and I will pray that it will help you .
te	O	He may not have a king to defend but he will have his family to protect .
te	I	I didn 't have the energy for it , but I could have gone inside through the sky .
te	O	My weekly line-up 's been cleared for a while now , and I 'm not ready to find any replacements .
te	I	His hairs stood up on end , and Merlin 's limbs stiffened .
te	O	Gabriel was very quiet as he watched the men , and then he approached the heap of the dead .
te	I	She would look for evidence to prove Stephen wrong , and she would wait for an opportunity .
te	O	Taking Kenzie 's hand , I stepped through the shifting glass , and the real world faded behind us once more .
te	I	He sounded mostly asleep , but it was almost noon .
te	I	Cory was suddenly afraid to ask too much and the man said nothing more .
te	I	Gage didn 't dare laugh , but the incensed look on Kelsey 's face as he left the camper was comical .
te	I	I wondered if she were still worried about her car , and she looked like she was stressing over something .
te	O	The man isn 't actually unconscious , but he maintains his answers to himself .
te	O	She hugged me tightly and I stroked her hair .
te	O	If he got there in the middle of the battle he could be killed instantly and that wouldn 't be any help .
te	I	Now she wished they had , and they had not brought a monitor into the tiny space .
te	I	I do not wish to sleep , but it is an odd anxiety .
te	I	You knew that already -- but I 'm a baronet .
te	O	His eyes widened as he read the cover sheet and he looked up at Destro , who appeared lost in thought .
te	I	He burst out laughing , and humor tickled his insides .
te	O	The windows in the van weren 't tinted , and she intended to keep Gabriel with her .
te	O	She was consumed with jealousy , and she hated herself for it .
te	O	The need in his eyes should scare me , but it doesn 't .
te	O	They had worked together over a seven-week period , yet Dr. Marco was a closed book to Mac .
te	I	There were bandits hiding in the Galilean hills , and the land of Judea was full of fighting .
te	I	Then he 'd take her again , and he 'd give her a few more minutes .
te	I	This just intensified every ache , and my body was already sore .
te	I	She was also very religious , but Aunt Beth was a very good person .
te	O	Someone had left a Time magazine on the desk and I pushed it aside .
te	I	He sat down on the bed next to me and Marshall 's eyes softened .
te	I	I do not go to that bar too often , but I never saw him before .
te	O	Eirik had the top of the Jeep up and warm air cranked .
te	I	No one would notice if she passed out and she was parked in front of a bank .
te	I	That 's all there is to it and the dead just don 't come back !
te	O	She was alone like I was , and she had more to say .
te	I	His heart was singing , but it was a cold , bleak day when Henry Moore sailed The Allegiance into Tobermory 's harbor .
te	I	After one glance at the occupants , she knew coming here had been a mistake , and it was too crowded , too noisy .
te	O	Her mouth was tilted up slightly at the corners and he hoped she was dreaming of him .
te	I	A red light came on accompanied by an electronic beep and he showed his card to the reader on the door .
te	I	There was no point in wasting his breath , but he wanted to shout that Elina had done nothing to deserve her fate .
te	O	He wasn 't pretty , but he seemed intelligent enough .
te	O	A part of me wanted to stop him , to beg his forgiveness , but I didn 't .
te	O	You don 't remember it , but you told me before that you needed me to be there for them .
te	O	I prod my brain for the answer but none comes .
te	I	So heavy I don 't think an army of zombie elephants could budge it , and it 's massive .
te	I	Her eyes get round and her brows shoot up .
te	O	I 'd lost count , but this time was different .
te	I	They spread out into the room , taking locations around the perimeter , and she smiled at the men .
te	O	I hadn 't cared before in my search for cell phones , but a few of them carried cash .
te	O	She still wore the robe she was wearing when she was taken but the small bell was missing .
te	I	It was so salient now that it was undeniable , but the change in Raoul had been slow in coming .
te	O	Her boss assured her he understood the risks and he 'd taken precautions , extra security , regular feedings , etc. .
te	I	He didn 't flinch under the scrutiny , but all eyes shifted to him in astonishment .
te	O	I briefly lost my temper , and what I did was inexcusable .
te	O	He could see that the adrenalin had finally worn off and she was fully experiencing the pain .
te	O	You knew what you wanted and you went about getting it .
te	O	There were even a few more passengers willing to see the world , and most of them were young .
te	I	Happy she had become a nurse , and she was thrilled to hear from her .
te	O	You 're always one to moan but you ain 't got it too bad .
te	O	My skin got hot and my palms were sweating .
te	O	The walls sweated and the breeze rushed .
te	O	She turned , beckoned , and Bryan followed .
te	I	Alzheimer 's is being cured , and his Tiger Island is working .
te	O	It wasn 't a question , more like an observation , and Chandler wasn 't one to bullshit .
te	I	We will make sure that you return safely here ... no matter where this journey takes us and you will be fine .
te	I	I won 't forget it and I appreciate your telling me what you did .
te	O	My breathing went shallow as the seconds ticked by and he said nothing .
te	I	While we dodge the waitress , we do the counting , and we huddle in a booth , order coffee .
te	I	They now bumped against me on either side , leaning in to be petted , and two other hounds had come to my hands .
te	O	I put my shoes back on reluctantly and we started walking towards the alley exit .
te	O	That was Emma 's feeling exactly , but what was she to say ?
te	O	He tried pulling it but it would not give .
te	O	Tosh prayed , and the meal started .
te	I	I didn 't want to make matters worse , and Mia was in trouble with werewolves .
te	O	Farrah was coming off her adrenaline high , but she couldn 't stop smiling .
te	I	I think we 've been rubbing off on him and he 's been living with two girls for the last couple of months .
te	I	Her lashes flew up , and his laughter came , surprising her .
te	O	I thought about going to law school , but I always knew I wanted to work for my father .
te	O	Her hand did not shake , and her lashes screened her eyes .
te	O	His body wasn 't used to it and he was crashing at odd times .
te	O	We each took a cup , and she sat on the chair opposite us .
te	O	We didn 't expect to catch them , but it was fun to follow them .
te	O	Ty flattened the paper out and Nick turned the hairdryer on the paper .
te	O	She grabbed Gracie by her good hand and her large brown eyes looked into hers .
te	O	There are a few questions and Professor Sands graciously answers them .
te	O	It all sounded crazy , but this was reality now .
te	I	I came up blank ... but I tried to imagine Jacob younger , carefree .
te	I	He had gone out of his way when he had no reason to , but I could ill spare it .
te	O	She wouldn 't go that far , but she could exaggerate the situation .
te	I	She linked fingers with him and he held up a hand .
te	I	It felt like that , but I knew everyone wasn 't staring at me .
te	O	She wrapped both around me , and for a moment , I could hear her heartbeat , feel the baby shifting position restlessly in her womb .
te	I	He wouldn 't be the same but that we 'd see him again ?
te	O	I turned my face to the man behind me and he gasped , dropping me to the ground as he stepped back .
te	O	They 're sure that they know me , but they can 't quite remember my name .
te	O	Her long , silver hair flowed around her beautiful face , and she smiled as Celaena set down her miserably pathetic knife .
te	I	Frazier understood him well enough , but the guard to his right grunted something in Portuguese .
te	O	Jackson wished he could see the super impressed look on Austin 's face but the flashlight blinded him .
te	I	Maybe he didn 't go because of me , but Eirik wasn 't big on the club scene .
te	O	He pressed a kiss to her cheek and she giggled .
te	O	I looked it up and it has about 50,000 people .
te	O	I hear him groan but he keeps driving .
te	O	He had never been a part of an army before , but he was by now well past the romantic images of his youth .
te	O	Seer made no response and they continued on in silence .
te	O	Ryan asks , and I welcome a few more moments to concentrate on breathing before Ryan speaks to me again .
te	I	This is just awesome , but I mean I suspected .
te	I	It wasn 't her cross to bear , but I wouldn 't run from my child .
te	I	He came out , followed by a few other members of the cast and the door opened .
te	I	I didn 't want it to know I did , but I knew where it was .
te	I	She hadn 't said much about him , but she had told me he was dead .
te	O	She paused a second too long and he hung up before she could respond .
te	I	This was her special place , but she didn 't like it sometimes .
te	I	He could be dead , or he could be anywhere .
te	I	I treasured any time I got to spend with him , but it wasn 't much .
te	I	She could kick them aside and he tugged at the jeans until they were down around her ankles .
te	O	Demons came at me and I fought them off .
te	O	The good ones were like trapeze artists on the wire , but they found out you have to be careful then .
te	I	She doesn 't say anything more , but I think she knows I know .
te	O	It was still relatively early in the evening , but the city 's nightlife was already amped up .
te	O	The high-pitched sound told Kylie it was female , but there were no notes of familiarity to it .
te	O	They were animals after all , and they had felt threatened .
te	O	I was alone in the world , but for the first time I didn 't feel lonely .
te	I	It 's close , but his voice isn 't exactly like I remember it .
te	I	She 'd be out on her ass , and Betty would disown Stephanie .
te	O	We pause at the red light , and a hollowed-out jeep , full of shirtless surfer boys , stops next to us .
te	O	Jane was still awake , but Lily was sound asleep .
te	I	His beard had a life of its own , snaking out in every direction and his hair hung in long wavy locks that fell beneath his ribcage .
te	I	He didn 't argue , but Diego still looked puzzled .
te	O	I don 't know how I 'm remembering these names but you 've never tasted anything so divine .
te	I	That was it , and we had dinner .
te	I	There 's still that damn nondisclosure agreement to think about , but I want to respond in kind , to tell him everything .
te	O	The waitress had arrived with his coffee , and he waited for her to move away .
te	I	I don 't even really know why , but I laughed .
te	O	She was dying to kiss him , but she didn 't want to seem like an overeager high-school student .
te	I	He restrained himself , but Simon nearly growled .
te	O	Her eyes open and they find mine .
te	O	He normally didn 't have dinner until much later in the day , himself , and he kept hours similar to hers .
te	I	The pressure of his mouth buried her tiny ineffectual voice but Lina screamed .
te	I	The lion was sleeping and I felt like I was in a lion 's den .
te	I	She kept staring at all of the blood on me , and concern darkened Roslyn 's eyes .
te	O	Pittsburgh had been moderately better , but Colton had lived in the suburbs instead of downtown .
te	O	My heart tingles slightly but I shrug it off .
te	O	I 'm still dreaming , and I hate my dreams .
te	I	I gasped as I realised that he was carrying my uncle 's sword and he too was armed .
te	I	Her hand was shaking , so she carefully set it down , but she tried to take a sip of the hot chocolate .
te	I	She didn 't say anything , but her mouth puckered with disapproval .
te	O	The message from her dad was short and his voice had no tinge of worry in it .
te	O	When we got back to the table , Jack was talking with a silver haired man with a young face and neither of them looked happy .
te	I	She slapped anyway , screaming but he tried to stop her .
te	O	My knees gave way , and I joined him on the ground .
te	O	His breath was warm against my skin and I locked my knees to keep from melting into a gooey puddle on the floor .
te	I	I 'd seen it in his eyes that last night we had together , but he might not have told me as much .
te	O	Now I 'm kissing up and he 's kissing down .
te	I	The line to receive food was fairly short but many of the seats were already taken .
te	I	They disappeared , and he followed .
te	I	It didn 't seem to matter , but none of them were in particularly good shape .
te	O	He wasn 't that man anymore , and if the ghost couldn 't offer redemption , Earl had nothing to sell .
te	O	Beyond that , he wasn 't sure she really had the power to share the vision , but he would soon find out .
te	O	They each hid their scars in different ways , but they didn 't fool Rena .
te	O	She didn 't act like the other rich kids in the school , and had never treated him like the poor kid he was .
te	I	She was glad she 'd been bold enough to fondle him , and he probed with the tip of his penis .
te	I	The joint was clean , and Lola was not at her desk .
te	O	Her chin dipped and she pulled in a breath to help herself recover from humiliation .
te	O	We nodded and he left .
te	O	She picked him up several hours ago , and he was very happy to see her .
te	O	Simon agreed , yet as he watched Cian move about the room , the loss of the knife didn 't seem to alter his behavior .
te	I	She would bring him food and she told him to go up into the house .
te	I	Maybe it was that I felt heavier after meeting Violetta , or the air had somehow grown more oppressive while we 'd been inside .
te	I	They didn 't seem frightened at all , and her eyes were like gold flecked with blue .
te	I	She quickly hid it , but a hint of compassion fell over Hilda 's face .
te	I	His jaw tightened and Jude 's hands clenched .
te	O	With his other hand he slammed shut the door , and I heard something crash against it .
te	I	Ivan wasn 't going to let himself be led by the old man 's overactive imagination and it was nonsense .
te	O	I have not heard her ; but I trust Daniel 's recommendation .
te	I	I was relieved to feel like my old self again , and then everything returned to normal .
te	I	The whole thing had happened less than an hour ago , but still no word on the president 's condition .
te	I	He 's the one who didn 't fight the breakup , but he 's putting this on me .
te	I	He looks pleased that I like it so much and I look up at his eyes .
te	O	I 've only ever had a few run-ins with Red , but as much as he is arrogant , he 's equal parts lazy .
te	I	I motioned toward one near the jukebox , but most of the tables were filled .
te	I	They hadn 't yet accepted her as one of their own , but like Derek , the crew had changed their minds about her .
te	O	I want to say that I never looked back , but I look back every single damned day .
te	O	You got ta fill me in on last night and we need a game plan for tonight .
te	I	He didn 't want to lose what he had , but he didn 't know if he really wanted more .
te	I	You 'd better forget about me , but you 've been a good friend .
te	O	I didn 't want to cry , and I had to take a few seconds to get my emotions in check .
te	I	Her stomach growled under the blankets , and her tongue moved over her dry lips .
te	O	I didn 't cook this meal but I 'm wearing the apron anyway .
te	O	He hoped that the reinforced hulls would hold together until they got out of the belt and he could try to repair them .
te	I	I felt like I was losing myself and Anger grew at my core .
te	O	All of a sudden , there 's a loud noise , and Olivier is awoken from his deep sleep .
te	I	He can 't talk back , but I can talk to him .
te	O	A white railing enclosed the front porch , and a wooden swing made it seem cozy .
te	O	I never asked , though , and it never occurred to her .
te	O	Carrie seemed oblivious to the threat , but I wasn 't .
te	I	That wasn 't why he 'd touched her , kissed her , loved her the way he had , but yes , her pleasure pleased him .
te	I	His mind did not , but Zook 's legs moved .
te	I	It still needed to be said , but I was sure she understood this , knowing me as well as she did .
te	I	His eyes meet mine and he looks up .
te	O	It 's sweet of him to offer , but I 'm still not sure if it 's a good idea to get too close to him .
te	I	We didn 't have time to hunt down a female for him , and when a Troll grows up , he starts to get these urges .
te	I	There were quiet periods , but that day we tried to keep up conversations .
te	I	The rest simply stare in awe and a couple of them yell at him to get out .
te	O	Her eyes were nearly black with adrenaline , but her joy at seeing him was plain .
te	O	Carol helped find us a cabin to rent , and she hooked me up with some work for the summer .
te	O	My head was pounding and I was covered with sweat .
te	I	I don 't breathe , and you don 't draw .
te	I	One thing seemed to lead to the next , but he 'd be better off without any of it .
te	O	She didn 't need them and I didn 't want to give them to her .
te	I	I remembered Oasis , breakfast , the residents and the gears in my head clicked forward again .
te	I	I shove him , and he starts smiling .
te	I	My pulse raced and my cheeks flushed .
te	I	The rest of us have to be adults , but you can throw all the tantrums you want .
te	I	She was a phoenix , and I thought it was scary in my mother 's hands .
te	I	I sniff at it and I can smell his scent lingering in the air even after he 's gone .
te	I	No blood at all leaked around his wound , and Graham was standing upright , without support .
te	O	They 'd worked together for three years , and he 'd wanted her that entire time .
te	O	He looked up at me then , and there was fierceness in his face .
te	O	Daniel hurried to the post office , and I stayed behind , updating Lindsey on everything that had happened .
te	I	They 'd kissed , vowing that nothing would ever come between them and they 'd held each other .
te	I	A skill Jake barely understood and it was a talent Kady had mastered .
te	I	No one told your tribe to take command , but apes are blessed with more cerebral neurons than the rest .
te	I	One can slip through easier , but three men might be caught .
te	O	His mouth was still dry and he barely managed the words .
te	I	I 'd heard a lot about her in the years when we were still talking , but I 'd never met his mom .
te	O	Sure , I had to look at stupid Reese 's face stuck on top of that slender neck but still , it was amazing .
te	I	Any of their traps or * * For an hour we fought our way through the brambles with no sign of a Spider .
te	I	I did see the branch start to sag dramatically under his weight but I could barely see him go across the branch .
te	O	Isolation meant safety , but safety meant loneliness .
te	I	I 'll do everything for her , and I love her , yes .
te	O	We walked around the grounds , and I took a few pictures with my phone .
te	I	I stuff the Rubik 's Cube into my pack and we move away from the anchor stand .
te	O	He 's completely himself again and that 's precisely what Mia saw .
te	I	That wasn 't such a great experience , and I 've only ever done this once before .
te	O	A triangle of white poked out from his breast pocket and he also wore a pair of white gloves .
te	I	Yet he knew the strength this lady possessed and her bones felt so fragile in his palm .
te	O	He was asked if he wanted to do a scene , and he turned down the option .
te	I	She stood to greet them with a smile and she was sitting right outside the door when they arrived .
te	I	The effect on her friends had been big , but she hadn 't thought it was that good .
te	O	The fries were cold but she ate them anyway .
te	I	Will turned to me , and Skip asked John something else about work .
te	I	Flung herself at him , knowing it would be the last thing he 'd expect her to do and she kicked the chair out of the way .
te	I	The story continues , but I pity you for such abysmal ignorance .
te	I	On these they laid a dwarf , and a sack cloth covered each table .
te	O	There are times when you can just look at the design of a circuit and you know immediately how it 's supposed to function .
te	O	Their faces indicated a sadness he knew to be related to his predicament and he suddenly hated himself for choosing to fight for them .
te	I	He doesn 't want Ava growing up like that and Jeremy 's ex got involved in some pretty heavy drugs .
te	I	The rain was a sheet of ice and branches snapped at him .
te	I	Magic rose , but silence descended .
te	O	He smiled again and I was dazzled .
te	I	Neither of them breathed evenly , and Byron lay on her back .
te	I	Sarah was the real thing , and his relationship with Haley only seemed to be a warm-up for the real thing .
te	I	To lay out the problem but there was nothing for it .
te	I	His hand comes out only with a small booklet within its grip , but my fingers wrap carefully around the grip of my revolver , intensely alert .
te	I	They walked toward the house and McCoy climbed from the driver 's seat .
te	O	Yes , she has a problem , but she 's never mean .
te	I	He was mine and in that moment I knew that I was his .
te	O	She trembled against him and his gut clenched .
te	I	I fought to keep my mouth closed and he loomed over me .
te	I	I certainly felt like a disaster and I could see the tangles of my red hair from the corners of my eyes .
te	I	Just trying to end a dispute , but the war seemed more humane in the early days -- we weren 't out to murder each other .
te	O	Kylie knew it was her turn to talk , but she still didn 't know what to say .
te	O	Once he got there , someone could call Grandfather , and he would finish the journey the way he had last time .
te	I	Marty 's cheeks were downright ruddy once he was done and none of them remembered it afterward .
te	O	Their eyes met , and in the bourbon depths , he saw a reflection of his own emotions .
te	O	They can look like ordinary animals , and they can look like ordinary people .
te	O	Grace 's eyes followed the gesture , and she froze .
te	O	Everyone was looking around and they all started talking at once .
te	I	Noah could see that he was handsome , but Clyde wasn 't quite as tall as Noah .
te	O	Emma had a great day on Saturday , and she skipped one of her fit times yesterday .
te	I	His face fell , and his eyes looked over the ring on my finger .
te	I	His eyes closed , and he sighed .
te	O	The wire loosened abruptly and he heard something falling from above .
te	O	They were as calm as always , but now she recognized the steel core of this man .
te	I	That also happened around the beltway of Washington , D.C. , but Los Angeles traffic was famous for coming to a standstill .
te	O	Pain radiated through the side of my face , but somehow , I managed to gather my senses .
te	O	I 'd keep my eyes open , but I wasn 't backing down .
te	I	Still waiting for her to turn the page and a book lay by her side , open .
te	I	It was red , blistering and he held out his hand .
te	O	Household chemicals like bleach could produce the same results , but the glow was quicker to fade than with blood .
te	O	The lights dimmed and a hush fell over the audience .
te	I	She said I needed to stop eating , because my ass was fat , and my breasts had grown too large .
te	O	It would kill her chances of going out tonight , and she was very much looking forward to it .
te	I	She wanted to be ready , and the ponies would be here in half an hour .
te	O	One silently asked for it , and the other silently gave it .
te	O	If she listened to gossip she 'd think Ned was a fighter , but she 'd never seen such a thing .
te	O	They had already told her they would be twins and just this morning Dr. Canon was pleased to tell her the latest news : twin girls .
te	I	The cabin , shrouded by a thick forest , is becoming dark fast , and the afternoon is quickly slipping away into the evening hours .
te	O	The gun kicked back , hard , into her hand , and the vampire fell sideways , blood streaming from his shoulder .
te	O	Mia rang her friend again , but she shoved the phone back in her pocket .
te	O	My bag was full of books for every class and the covers all began to look the same .
te	I	He didn 't tell anybody , but he 'd gotten his life in order mostly .
te	I	Today was different but Reed had always enjoyed polo .
te	O	Zane said , and I frowned .
te	O	He muttered a more words and we disappeared from the room .
te	I	No one could give that back to him , and only one thing would make him feel better .
te	O	He stopped pacing , and his lips thinned .
te	O	The impact stunned him for a second , but otherwise he was fine .
te	O	His eyes pleaded with me and I felt my heart melt .
te	I	Eve doubted he even realized how he looked right now and he stroked her curls .
te	O	Let Bree go and we 'll talk .
te	O	He 'd tried to teach him , but his cousin never could launch a boat in the river .
te	I	More have been defeated , but there are a few still fighting .
te	O	It 's bad enough losing one mother , but this kid had lost two .
te	O	You wanted the baby gone and now it is .
te	O	I assumed he thought I was sleeping , but it 's obvious he knows I 'm wide-awake since he 's talking to me .
te	O	I ain 't ever heard of them but we should 've come back with some .
te	I	I knew he was hiding somewhere near his truck , but I could not see my father .
te	O	I scratch off number five very slowly and the marker squeaks .
te	I	It went out , and Tom stopped concentrating on the flame that surrounded his sword .
te	O	Lukas saw them coming and I saw a flicker of fear in his eyes that I hated .
te	O	I don 't know how I knew , but I knew .
te	O	She shrugged , but I could see it bothered her .
te	I	I could feel it building and that tingling started in my back .
te	O	she asked , and Brimstone nodded .
te	O	She tugged , but he held fast .
te	O	Anything beyond that was crazy but for now she simply wanted to give in to her cravings .
te	I	I continue my story but I have to talk over them .
te	O	He was right , and it was scary .
te	O	The possibility sent another wave of crimson color to her face and she glanced at Brant to see him offering her his arm .
te	O	Her words seeped into my brain like a poison , but I tried to focus on the matter at hand : her hysteria .
te	O	Harry had been helping to support the baby 's head , but now repositioned himself , ready to receive the baby .
te	O	I don 't know much about this kind of thing , but I do know that when someone dies , people cook .
te	O	Miles was a hopeless squire , but he grew up pretty good .
te	I	He would need to be able to convince her father , but she supposed that it really didn 't matter to her .
te	I	The last thing he needed was another death on his hands , and he would only want to kill them for mocking him .
te	I	I was hoping to keep it that way , and so far Michael was the only one who knew .
te	I	The result might well have been a bloody uprising and I might have bent minds quickly .
te	I	He was a politician , after all , and that 's what he 'd shown her .
te	I	His face did , but his words hadn 't shown me that .
te	O	I wanted to add more , but I didn 't .
te	O	Tammy tried to remain relaxed but she could feel the tension of uncertainty building up in her on the walk back to their apartment .
te	O	I loved her each time and she loved me each day .
te	O	he asked as we and almost every other man in the room followed their progress to the counter .
te	I	This time I am ready , but he comes at me again .
te	I	She grew more horrified and the wheels continued to turn in her head .
te	I	We waited for the doors to close , and I pulled him back .
te	I	He 's wasting his time , but Holt probably sent him over to try to persuade Rob to change his mind .
te	I	They were all still , patiently waiting for us to reappear and their horses were calm .
te	O	Clementine shot him a look but Grady didn 't back down .
te	O	The casing had split open , and the innards lay in pieces at the bottom of his pack .
te	I	I don 't expect you to be perfect , and I 'm not perfect .
te	I	Her eyes looked mean , and her words were cruel .
te	I	His eyes glittered with malicious approval , but he sighed .
te	O	a guy asked the Colonel , and the Colonel nodded .
te	I	She stared back at me with a gob smacked look on her face and I turned to look at Anna .
te	O	My dragonfly wings disappear and I ´ m a whole lot lighter .
te	I	I leapt to my feet , forcing a smile to my face and the door opened behind me .
te	I	At least they had regained possession , but I have no idea how long it would be before the hotel was useable again .
te	I	The tension remained , but the muscles stretched .
te	O	He held a brand new pet carrier in his left hand , and he extended his right .
te	O	It 's warmer in the hospital , but there 's no heat , no electricity .
te	I	She didn 't want to spend money on anything that wasn 't related to bounty hunting , and she was short on credits anyways .
te	O	He glanced at Nicholas for approval , but Nicholas was watching Stella .
te	I	A dresser lay smashed all over the small room and books lay torn .
te	I	My whole body shook with the thudding of my heart as his frantic cries for help continued , and as it was , they were still ringing .
te	O	Of course this saves years of lab work , but you 're working on assumptions .
te	O	The doors close and we start moving .
te	O	Her voice sounded a bit unsure and I realized that she most probably wasn 't used to being brushed off by guys .
te	I	I was starting to think of them as my parents too and we had dinner with his family at least once a week .
te	I	Even though Drake claimed not to be worried , she knew he was , and her uncle was still out there , somewhere .
te	I	He kept it locked up tight , and he disappeared for hours into his office , the one room she never went into .
te	O	They proved that the edge of the city was nearing , and she no longer felt safe in the city .
te	O	She had seen it all before , but she suspected that she would never truly become accustomed to such flawless beauty .
te	I	I feel the energy emanating from her , and her face is close to mine .
te	I	His vision blurred , and she slammed his head into hard stone .
te	O	This is not like any animal you 've seen before , but I have .
te	I	I screamed his name and his chest was splattered with red .
te	O	He tried to pick out the highlights , but it seemed that any story he told would excite the fish .
te	I	I stumbled onto my knees , and they were deep , menacing coughs that made it hard to walk .
te	I	She turned , searching in all directions and Ryan suddenly yelled .
te	O	Even Beth looked impressed with the reasoning , and Charlie grimaced at her slightly .
te	O	His shirt is off , and two purple scars run down his right shoulder .
te	O	He clutched his old straw hat with both hands at his waist , and he was so ashamed that he just looked at the ground .
te	I	I didn 't say that right away , but I found her reaction to him interesting .
te	I	She knew for sure that Tabby wouldn 't be a part of it but she could imagine a million things .
te	O	I skidded out past two guards who yelled in surprise at me , and I didn 't dare think about where I was going .
te	I	The gust of blackness nearly sent her into the wall , and Victoria 's hair thrashed around her face like a weapon .
te	I	He wasn 't boring , but he wasn 't scary .
te	I	I still got there too late , but I 'd made very good time .
te	O	I assured her I was fine , just stressed about a project getting done when it needed to be , and she pretended to buy it .
te	O	Weber was on a call , but he gestured for me to wait .
te	I	I blinked to clear my vision , and behind my glasses my eyes watered from sleep .
te	I	He wanted this chance to be with her , but call him selfish .
te	I	How proud he was of her as a successful accountant in Chicago and Henry told her about Claire .
te	I	I would run from this , but I don 't usually run away from things .
te	I	She stopped herself from reaching for another as her nerves were totally fried , but it tasted good .
te	I	His fear turned to anger in a flash of emotion that roared across his face like a flood and he saw the look as well .
te	I	I felt a pang of guilt and Vincent 's name was flashing up at me .
te	I	My chest pounded with excitement and I looked where she pointed .
te	I	I could feel the heat coming off her skin and her lips were close to mine .
te	O	The two of them had many secrets , but he still kept this one from her .
te	O	There will be changes in the organization and some employees will be offered severance packages .
te	I	She resisted but she wanted more .
te	I	She fell in love with him , and he enchanted Eurydice with his playing .
te	I	She 's still here , and she knows what she 's getting into .
te	O	You will make your meeting , and we might even be early .
te	O	* * * * Grace took in her newly furnished apartment and sighed in pleasure as she ran her hand over the soft blue velvet sofa .
te	O	He shook his head , and his eyes gleamed .
te	I	His memory was hazy , but he knew it , deep in his bones .
te	O	I didn 't like this one bit , but I couldn 't leave without everyone else .
te	I	Possibly it exists in its own pocket dimension separate from our world , and the location of the Labyrinth is unknown even to the Nephilim .
te	O	There were other pieces of information floating around in my head , and I needed to get back to let them settle into place .
te	I	Her heart was too content to care , but somewhere in the back of her mind she realized he had yet to say the actual words .
te	I	It was without signposts , but it wasn 't long .
te	I	It felt like there was sand in my mouth and my tongue tingled .
te	I	He was certainly looking forward to it but he hadn 't yet tasted the stew .
te	O	Somehow I knew he wouldn 't allow it , and I kept my arms at my sides .
te	I	This wasn 't one of those times , but sometimes I teased him about his conquests .
te	I	After she handed me my change she headed into the back room , and she nodded in answer .
te	I	I wasn 't fooled , but Roman had an amused , devil-may-care smile on his face that was typical of him .
te	O	Your cyborg body was badly damaged , but it 's fixable .
te	O	He opens his mouth to speak and I hold my breath in anticipation .
te	I	He leans forward on the table once more , and his eyes flash with something I can 't put my finger on .
te	O	A second of panic hits me , but then her eyes start rolling around .
te	O	He tackled me by the feet , and I felt my breath go out from me when we landed heavily on the ground .
te	I	Rabbit cooked a large pot of beans and they built a fire some distance off from the geyser .
te	I	He stumbled back toward Riley again , gagging , and his jump left him too close to Fred .
te	O	She could feel nothing under the fabric , but that knowledge didn 't lessen the pain .
te	I	Without seeming too curious , I quizzed them about him , and I have met several inmates here at Frostburg who were sentenced by Fawcett .
te	I	I learned she 'd never done anything like that , and Casey 's eyes got big when we mentioned it .
te	O	Heather agreed that he was free to discuss it with the commander of the forces of the East and the scholar quickly departed .
te	I	I bet he 's suffering right now , which makes me bite my lip with worry , but Zander has way more control than I do .
te	I	We ... felt we had more justification for our worry , but all parents worry about their children .
te	I	They 're actively seeking out new victims to infect , and the victims are flocking , like birds .
te	O	It had been warmer the last time , but she 'd loved every moment of it .
te	I	They did their dance , and he grabbed another cigarette .
te	O	Thinking , He 's saying the right things , but I can 't tell what he really feels .
te	O	A Mackenzie , Louisa thought , then her chest constricted , and her mouth went dry .
te	I	It wouldn 't be enough , but the sergeant fought like a berserker .
te	I	It 's difficult to keep up with her , and she moves at a brisk pace .
te	O	Her bleak smile quickly turned to a deep frown , and she covered her mouth with her hand .
te	I	I can 't , but I open my mouth to answer .
te	O	Above me his body went rigid and with one final plunge , I felt his release in my center .
te	O	Even as he spoke the sun sank , and the fire faded in the flowing water .
te	I	MacKenzie stands near the door and we walk into the guest bedroom .
te	O	Neal did have a magic phone , and he didn 't even realize it .
te	O	I 'm tired , my head aches , and I 'm sick of all of this .
te	I	I went along with it so that I could keep you as a part of my life , but I didn 't like it .
te	I	If he did it now it would just be too loose , but he would tighten the cinch before he mounted .
te	O	Empathy filled Holiday 's eyes and she smiled .
te	O	Joaquin 's eyes were filled with tears , and the knuckles on his left hand were white from squeezing the rags .
te	O	Sarah wasn 't ready for James to die , but she knew that didn 't matter , either , if it was time .
te	O	Nadia tossed him a clean gray T-shirt , and he sat up to put it on .
te	I	A slight smile spread across his face as he pulled out the work from his packet , and his voice was so soothing as he spoke .
te	I	I promise you 'll want for nothing and leave here .
te	O	Cole was hovering over the edge , but I couldn 't see his expression from this distance .
te	O	That is a very quaint term but it makes sense .
te	I	I knew he was thinking the same thing by the way his gaze traveled my body and Nash caught my eye .
te	O	The floor was crowded with people , but there was a small section of couch that was available .
te	O	Her mouth gaped , but no sound issued .
te	I	Yet she wasn 't , but I had no doubt she was with him .
te	O	His expression was pained , but he offered no explanation .
te	I	He shook his head , but she offered .
te	I	It sent shivers up her spine , and Damien spoke in a low growl .
te	I	She never listens to anything I say , but I tried to get Selma to ignore them too .
te	I	Their reuse allows further time regression and they are currently limited in number .
te	I	Hard-liners wanted the death penalty , and liberals were looking for leniency .
te	I	There is no reason , or as for being somewhere you 're not supposed to be - maybe you 're here for a reason .
te	O	He paused before the stairs for just a moment and I tried to get out of his arms .
te	I	I glanced at my watch : an early birthday present from my father , and the sun was beginning to rise .
te	O	His plea deal may be legally challenged , but he 's probably going to jail anyway .
te	I	I crept back to the ledge and Time slipped by .
te	I	I still thought he might slug me , and the muscles along his jaw were bunched with tension .
te	I	His eyes bright and his face was flushed .
te	O	I hadn 't eaten a real meal in more than twenty-four hours , and my body did not appreciate the long run on so little fuel .
te	I	The others forming the circle around Maxim stepped back , covering their faces , and the chanting faltered .
te	O	The bump on the head was nothing , but the residual effects of the EOS were turning me into paraplegic dodo bird .
te	O	His eyes drifted closed , and his shoulders slowly began to relax .
te	O	He tried to speak the words , but a searing pain burned his throat .
te	O	She would be happy to spend time in his company , but on her side it was all a fraud .
te	I	If that 's what he needs then I 'll give it to him , but honestly , I 'm not really ready to stop talking .
te	O	Fiona appeared to be talking to someone who wasn 't visible onscreen , but Cole couldn 't make out her words .
te	I	I swallowed hard , and he smiled widely at me .
te	O	Tyler hadn 't spoken this much to anyone recently , and it was Logan 's influence that was encouraging him .
te	O	She stopped and we pretended we needed to check out the announcements on the bulletin board .
te	O	I found myself more than a little interested in seeing Claude strip , but I made myself focus on the deceased Claudette .
te	O	She sighed aloud and I decided to change the subject , yet again .
te	I	Again they exchanged handshakes and Bellamy stood .
te	I	His new furniture building venture , and fitting them in between paid odd jobs .
te	I	I couldn 't find a comfortable sitting position and my butt was sore .
te	I	I was , but I shouldn 't have been surprised when he gave me the mother of all hugs .
te	I	They were beautiful all the same , but the flowers had not yet bloomed .
te	O	I try to sit up but I fall right back down .
te	I	He began to lie down in his stall , growing weaker with each passing moment , his energy fading and she petted his aging face .
te	O	I make to leave , and he follows me again .
te	O	There are five of them , and none are familiar to me .
te	O	Gwynn remained inside staring at the destruction of a family 's home , and their skeletal remains .
te	I	No other Shifter would touch her , ever , and Iona would be his .
te	I	Your money is much appreciated , but helping your daughter out of an unfaithful relationship was a joy in itself .
te	I	Everyone liked the match so far , and the fight had lasted one minute .
te	I	His lips crashed against mine , and he made a sound in the back of his throat .
te	I	He was a close second but the man wasn 't as beautiful as Victor .
te	O	He mimicked my voice and I glared at him .
te	I	These aren 't normal circumstances , Missy , but in fact , I wouldn 't even be asking .
te	O	He squeezed her fingers gently and heat flashed through her chest .
te	O	No doubt you are all brimming with questions , but rest assured that everything will soon become clear .
te	I	I did mind the way my clothing stuck to me when I was drenched , but I didn 't mind water falling from the sky .
te	I	He smiled and Darken looked at her .
te	I	This time I recognized it and it was stronger than before .
te	O	I would never again see the world in the same way , but then I had changed in other ways too .
te	O	He didn 't want anyone to know about us this weekend , but he obviously feels differently about whoever she is .
te	I	It had to be done , but I had felt some guilt when I realized she did not understand its significance .
te	I	My heart suddenly felt horribly , unbearably heavy , and she pointed at the fancy double glass doors .
te	O	The man 's face turned red , and his eyes bulged from the pain .
te	O	I didn 't so much feel sick anymore , but I had a feeling it was because my body was so exhausted .
te	I	She had only glimpses of what had occurred and that may have been because Allen had his memory of that night .
te	O	With one hand , she flicked open the box , but she already knew what would be inside .
te	O	He had a job to do , and making love to the most incredible woman he 'd ever met was definitely not in the plan .
te	O	Joni doubted the god thing , but she hoped someone guarded Isaac .
te	I	Cassidy looked so brittle then , but he wanted her in his arms .
te	O	He winds through the crowd after a couple of other kids in my direction , and I feel like collapsing with relief .
te	I	She swatted him away but Blake tried to put his arm around her again .
te	I	Even though Declan had made California his base for the last several years , they still remained in touch and they had been college roommates .
te	O	She was about as far from okay as a body could get , but she didn 't want to upset Elijah .
te	O	We 've been sort of friends for two years , but maybe I don 't know a thing about him .
te	O	His gaze was fixed in her general direction but he looked to be engrossed in a conversation .
te	O	She cried out and I grabbed her by the jaw , bringing her bleeding face up to mine .
te	I	Many seemed to be enthusiastic rather than knowledgeable about what they were doing but some worked with evident expertise .
te	O	Her people are hunters , and they 're excellent archers .
te	I	In this moment I feel sorry for her , but I 've been too busy despising her for that .
te	O	The flames shot fiercely high above the tallest tree and it was already at the edge of the water where we had rescued Don .
te	I	I hoped slow again in the second bedchamber , and I had to go fast through the first bedchamber , slow through the hall .
te	I	I 'm out of the circle and some other guys join the conversation .
te	I	They won 't be able to follow us and we should have enough time to get there .
te	I	He looked absolutely horrible and his face was haggard .
te	O	She wasn 't the cheerleader type and she 'd never had a boyfriend .
te	I	There wasn 't a man from my past either and there wasn 't a ghost behind the restaurant .
te	I	Fortunately a large one has just landed , and there are two other jets at the private terminal .
te	I	A spiraling staircase leads down the three floors and Cold brass handles adorn the old creaky doors .
te	I	He was pleased that Jeff was so accepting of Lily , and he could see that they were much better suited for each other .
te	I	Moses seemed to be stuck , but it was not time yet for a smile .
te	I	I suddenly had a tremendous need to find Kiran and a ball dropped in my stomach .
te	O	Gail began talking again , and Ben 's mind returned to their conversation while he finished giving her instructions .
te	I	The intent she 'd sensed as he chased her , and she could tell by the utility of his actions .
te	O	Well , he 's going utterly berserk in my kitchen , and I can 't take another minute of it .
te	I	I must have forfeited my own life to create that reality , but evidently , I made sure of that .
te	O	It was cool as china and it turned in her hand .
te	O	He tried to convince me to stop , but I didn 't want to listen to him .
te	I	They raced right into the city , completely untouched and an hour later Hank followed his company through the fields .
te	I	My hand came back red and I reached behind my back .
te	O	She needed results , but she had to restart her own volition first .
te	O	The news began to sink in and the fire began to build up .
te	O	He couldn 't hurt us , but he was there .
te	I	He 'd hoped , just once , that someone would survive and his resistance had crumbled .
te	I	She assumed that this tall man was the one in charge but there were two other stern looking men behind the serious man .
te	I	He had no morning breath and his eyes weren 't puffy .
te	I	Lots of them are abnormal and what I saw was huge numbers of white cells in the smear .
te	O	Since this was the phone Nick had given me , I didn 't have any of my old numbers , but I knew one number by heart .
te	O	Eve had grown up on them , and they 'd always been a relished treat .
te	I	I held his stare and he stared at me .
te	I	Alyssa became their prey before I took my chance to attack , and morbid curiosity stopped me from acting before it was too late .
te	I	I used two more quick bursts to take them down , and as he fell , the others came into my sights .
te	O	I don 't know and I don 't care .
te	I	I didn 't talk and * * * Aiden .
te	I	Brian drove his elbow back harder this time , connecting solidly with Nick 's forehead and Nick didn 't move .
te	I	That 's it , and now she 's running her index finger across my lower lip .
te	O	She jumped slightly , and it felt perfectly normal .
te	O	He found himself left with only memories , but eventually even those started to fade away .
te	O	Sebastian didn 't pay them any mind and in fact didn 't even see them .
te	I	Her oil as sweet as the Ohio and her cylinders are as clean as snow .
te	O	Jimmy patted Goddard on the rump , and the mechanical canine left the room .
te	O	the pale dark girl hissed , hidden in her stall , and a forked tongue of flame lit her face with red .
te	I	I didn 't look away , but I mouthed a curse word .
te	I	Countless calls were being made by civilians , and the entire map was becoming cluttered with red dots .
te	I	The magic only intensified as the museums neared ... and an uncrowded city is a form of magic .
te	I	Maybe there was more , but clearly the branding was to mark members of the blood society .
te	I	I followed , fingers surreptitiously unzipping the compartment that held the silver knife , and Adam headed for the front of the house .
te	O	He didn 't know even the most basic Bible stories , and he had trouble with the jargon of his new friends .
te	I	Having me instead of Mother was like having hamburger when you 'd been promised steak , but Mr. Bartell seemed content with me so far .
te	O	Violet fished around in her hand bag for a watch , but before she found it , Jake Hamilton 's smooth voice answered from the back seat .
te	I	She 's no lady , but she may be female .
te	O	He nodded his head , and I closed the door .
te	I	Robby knew that the shot had been given successfully , and a charged , electric sound briefly filled the room .
te	O	Their wings , he could see were relaxed at their sides , but he knew in a flash they would be ready for battle .
te	O	She pounded again , and this time Darkness wrapped up their opening song at the same time her knuckles were rapping on the wood .
te	I	Anyway , they were probably being monitored , and they 'd have trouble believing her story .
te	O	Branches grabbed at him , and he brushed them aside .
te	O	She had become Muddy Run 's little sweetheart and she had stolen the hearts of everyone who saw her play .
te	I	Jeff surfed across the table in his bare socks to try to catch him before he bolted and Kyle threw a peanut at him .
te	I	She could see it was an en-suite and a door near the far away corner stood slightly open .
te	O	Someone would call her and she would hear screaming .
te	I	For a few seconds , sorrow darkened his , and he read the renewed commitment in my eyes .
te	I	That didn 't deter him , but Mac kicked the wrench from Raymond 's hand .
te	O	The trap was in motion and we were now the prey .
te	I	No one really knows for sure , but the uranium deposits in Virginia alone are worth an estimated $ 20 billion .
te	I	The grin on his face was similar to the one that he 'd had when he showed me his car and he turned .
te	I	I notice , but his lip barely curls up in a smile .
te	I	Flung her onto it and he forcibly hauled her over to the sofa .
te	I	The desk light was on , blazing down on the rune she had just begun , and the sun had gone down .
te	I	He didn 't , but she waited for him to speak .
te	I	I felt him walking behind me and I walked away from him slowly .
te	O	She tugged her hands but he didn 't let go .
te	I	Airing out the darkest corners , and shining her faith into me .
te	O	He motioned for me to come over , but I certainly couldn 't do that .
te	O	The delivery man finally showed up with lunch , and Chloe could turn her attention on getting the food served .
te	O	She felt the eyes of strangers on her , a feeling she knew , but the gazes somehow seemed different .
te	I	At each successive nomination I was rejected by Dublin Castle , and that happened for each of the next seven years !
te	I	His mother pulled his yellow raincoat 's hood over his ball cap , and the boy zipped his jacket .
te	I	Further probing may reveal they have a magical aura , but the diamonds appear to be real .
te	I	None of them moved when she turned the key and she looked at her gauges .
te	O	Tynan held up his hands in surrender , but it wasn 't his hands that were dangerous .
te	O	The old man whispered something to the girls and they went out with the guards .
te	O	Rachel shook her head , and her eyes misted up .
te	I	He was not instantly visible from the front door , and the chair seemed at home in the maze of the pawnshop .
te	O	Her older sister was the person she was looking for , but for over forty years , she 'd not seen her .
te	O	Reece turned left at the next street but Colton kept walking toward the apartment building .
te	O	His hands were so big , and the bikinis were so tiny .
te	O	We didn 't speak for the better part of a minute , but finally Metis cleared her throat .
te	I	The story changed , and enter my sister .
te	I	His soul was far older but he appeared no more than four years old .
te	O	He recognized two possible prints , maybe three but he also knew that we had touched the box .
te	I	I knew it scared me , but I wasn 't yet sure what it was I saw in him .
te	O	I force myself to sit up , but it 's like I 've stepped onto a merry-go-round on crack .
te	I	I didn 't want to break shit and it was obvious by looking .
te	O	Nathan felt justified in killing Rooster for that offense alone , but he still had Mira to think about .
te	O	Claire patted the sofa next to her but Josh chose the one on an angle .
te	O	It didn 't hurt , but it made the hair on his arms stand at attention .
te	O	He looks at it , his thumb caressing the cut , and slowly he leans in .
te	I	I scanned the room in alarm , and a chill ran down my back .
te	O	It 's a huge waste of time , but it 's obviously important to you .
te	O	Young Tolliver thinks it can all be got going again , but he was just a lad when it all broke down .
te	I	She never brought her trade home and this place was for her to live in .
te	O	She had said she 'd think about going with me , but I wasn 't sure she would .
te	I	Her hand returned to her abdomen , and she glanced at the sunny backyard .
te	O	I had spent seventeen days living a life of luxury at my cousin Ricky 's and now I was going to be living like a hobo .
te	O	He tipped my chin up , like he was a proper lover and I had flown into his grasp willingly .
te	I	When I do , the sleeve of my dress tears loudly enough to draw Elliott 's attention , and I take it angrily .
te	O	One of them paused the game and they both looked while Falcon yelled .
te	O	She walked in an almost regular cadence , and Julio mentally calculated the distance he could cover if he moved quickly .
te	O	She didn 't find what she was looking for and he lost sight of her as she moved through the room .
te	I	Her trembling had returned , and she had paled .
te	I	I could try to do something with it , or I could either let it sit inside the piano bench .
te	O	It seemed a little unfair to kill him , but he mentioned the spell was only temporary .
te	I	They aren 't real women , but I 've never hit a woman .
te	I	Not before she caught me staring , but I glanced away .
te	O	I don 't know what it is , but it can 't be harmless .
te	O	They fell to the floor , and I lost sight of them .
te	O	She was embarrassed to admit it , but what Carrie had said about her hanging around the mailbox hoping to accidentally run into Jason was true .
te	O	The resulting clatter told her everything had spilled out as it fell , but she didn 't have time to worry about what she might lose .
te	I	She would beg and she would cry .
te	O	Perhaps it could be reversed he wondered , or maybe the Doctor could do something .
te	I	There were barely a few cups left , and it was stale now , having been on the boat for so many weeks .
te	O	It seemed like Zane was always geared up for a fight lately , and Ty was running out of ways to handle him .
te	I	You can unsubscribe at any time , and your email address will never be shared .
te	O	Caring for my father had taught me to expect these kinds of challenges , and I was largely able to move past them .
te	I	Flung them up into the cab and he pulled out a hand full of round , silver explosive devices .
te	O	I did have a bit of a concentration problem , but no one seemed to notice .
te	I	I 'm no detective , but I 'm a genus .
te	O	She tried pulling away but he held on tightly .
te	O	She wounded one , but it would not retreat fully .
te	I	It 's eating away at my mind and Ella Micha won 't text me back .
te	I	She didn 't want to keep hungry men waiting and if she didn 't hurry she 'd be late for dinner .
te	O	Instead I picked up the pace , and a minute later I reached the stairs of the pier .
te	O	I know he loves me , but I didn 't want him taking away my happiness tonight .
te	O	Roach had told me what one was twice but the information kept sliding out of my head .
te	O	I 'd been working for Eris for centuries now , yet for some reason she has lost trust in me .
te	I	He 's an only child and doesn 't hurt that his dad owns the place .
te	O	She didn 't recognize this place , but she knew they had left town .
te	O	Spears was livid , and Carol kept quiet .
te	I	There was a white glow coming from the curtain covered window and the room was silent .
te	I	Even the wooden chapel built years after his demise was gone as well , and I knew that the bark chapel of Marquette was long gone .
te	O	I stopped , ready to defend Rigel , but David was already shaking his head .
te	I	The subject still felt unresolved , but the Prince let it drop .
te	I	He might slip himself , and nope -- too cold .
te	O	We made eye contact and he grinned at me .
te	O	Murder flashed in his eyes , and he took a step forward .
te	I	This time , I was prepared but the horse came back at me .
te	I	That wasn 't the same thing as thinking about it , but I had heard Cecil talk about it for hours uncounted .
te	I	He hasn 't looked at me since and he told me to leave him alone .
te	I	He moved in close behind her and his arm wrapped around her waist .
te	I	Another guard carefully carry Heath to a small outpost a little ways down shore and I thank him as he .
te	O	If no one was watching her ... then the jewelry would simply be a nice gift and perhaps keep unwanted attention away .
te	O	His skull ruptured and he slumped forward into the water .
te	I	Her eyes narrowed and she was curious .
te	O	Both the two Asian businessmen denied ever being there , and since there was no evidence to suggest the contrary , neither man was prosecuted .
te	I	They arrived at the croissant shaped , cornflower blue , nurses station and a short walk from the elevator .
te	O	Vampires are always so ... cool , so in control , but werewolves are , well , shambling animals .
te	O	Victoria had given him enough of that in her steely , furious look , and she had avoided him since .
te	I	When she leaves , I am alone again , but it makes me feel better , that assurance .
te	I	The sound got on my nerves , and it was quiet in the loft .
te	I	He doesn 't seem to take his job very seriously , but he must be a security guard .
te	O	The swelling had vanished , and the streaks had receded .
te	O	His hand reached for hers , and he linked their fingers together .
te	I	They 'd both reaped the consequences , and he 'd acted recklessly that night in the hot tub .
te	O	Maybe the cold rain snapped him out of his daze , and I can convince him to stay at the shelter tonight .
te	O	He pawed at her clothes , and she frantically peeled them off .
te	O	The portcullis was closed and the porter was quite noticeably asleep .
te	O	He must have seen the look of mortification that crossed my face , and his irises faded to green fast enough .
te	I	Haruki had insisted , but he would have preferred to have had the meeting inside .
te	O	His mouth fell to mine again , and his hands gently held my ass .
te	O	I could seriously have died happy in that moment , and I even had orange juice .
te	O	As much as she loved the house itself the memories inside were too hard and it had been time to say good-bye .
te	O	The lift doors slid open and the trio walked along the catwalk , seeing no sign of Jacob .
te	O	Sonia resumed her place in bed with her tray and she stared at the black patties .
te	O	There was no snow here , though the ground was damp , and I wondered how far from my original location I had come .
te	O	The clasp caught on the shade when I snatched at it and I had to reach out to steady the lamp .
te	I	I could feel the anger building around him , waning when he looked back up at me , and he shook his head .
te	I	That didn 't mean he could be with someone else in public , but she knew they couldn 't be together in public !
te	O	Peter extended his hand but Bill declined the help .
te	O	I could hear distant coyote howls and my animals were a bit nervous .
te	I	A wave of remorse flooded him , and the lines of strain around her eyes eased .
te	I	Lightning fast , he was between them , but she began to squeeze her legs together .
te	I	It 's really up to you and there is a wide spectrum of difference .
te	I	He winced in pain as an arrow pierced his upper left arm and he heard a dull thump .
te	I	Cain didn 't mind , but the cute dimples of her younger days were mostly gone .
te	I	All I do is spread the dirt around , but I try to run my sleeve over it .
te	I	After a few minutes of flicking through the channels a commercial for a regional trade school came on the air and he turned on the television .
te	O	His bony butt was not contoured for long trips , and this was the longest one he had been on .
te	O	I wouldn 't say I 'm in love , but I definitely like him .
te	O	He looked for Theresa to make sure she was okay , but strangely , he couldn 't see her anymore .
te	I	You say that too many men are coming to our table and I wear a fitting dress tonight .
te	O	He tried calling her cell phone a few times when she was away and he always got her voice mail .
te	I	You lose some and you win some .
te	I	He held her close and she began to cry .
te	I	I don 't care And Chihiro 's super rich .
te	O	Zack 's mouth made an ' Oh ' and he winked as he walked off with Ayako .
te	I	It might give us some leverage , but I don 't know , Sam .
te	O	His eyes were gleaming and his face was every plane of confident .
te	O	Most of them gave me helpless shrugs , but Bria stepped forward , following us .
te	O	He looks at me and I nod for reassurance .
te	I	I knew I would never celebrate this particular day again , but Ma said a birthday should be a day of celebration .
te	I	I couldn 't move and we got ready to head back onto the trail when icy chills shot up my back .
te	I	The whole project would fizzle or I could tell that he knew he needed explain this correctly .
te	O	I look straight ahead and grin faint like creases in skin .
te	O	He must have sensed her watching him because he turned his head slightly and their eyes met .
te	O	It was too dark to see the man 's face behind the windshield , but she knew he was waiting to make sure she was all right .
te	O	One boy was hanging upside down by his knees and the other was gobbling something ... out of a garbage bag .
te	O	White spots of powder had settled into her cheeks and red streaks ran down the sides of her nose .
te	I	This is solid , but she goes quickly for the jugular .
te	O	Jack had known about us , and I doubt he was a fool not to know about Lennox .
te	I	Vin perked up , sliding off her stool , and Quick footsteps sounded on the stairs .
te	O	Each time they left one of the places the real estate agent seemed disappointed but Jasmine was impressed with how well she covered that .
te	O	The Sages considered it as a dishonor to be overridden by nobles that way and they tried not to let it go that far .
te	I	No one else ever called her Tessie , and it was in his handwriting .
te	I	It frayed apart with a wail , the cloth fluttering to the ground and my first slice hit one right in the center of the floating rags .
te	I	The cool air was perfect , and it was still light out .
te	I	She darted for them and Ever 's head whirled around .
te	O	The sudden outburst startled Jason , and he jumped .
te	I	I was quickly wasting valuable time and Time was off the essence .
te	I	It was hard to tell but Lauren hoped she didn 't sound bitter .
te	O	Luther had never heard of such an ability before , but even he was willing to accept it .
te	O	Everett always had been kind to her , but why would her former boss leave her a bequest ?
te	I	The small army can move and finally the corn begins to ripen in large quantities .
te	O	He pulled her fingers to his and Lina felt the wetness on her cheek .
te	I	It had been a long time , but it wasn 't as if he had never been with a woman .
te	I	We tiptoe out of the room and Ella stands up slowly .
te	I	Ben turned the handle and Michael knocked on the door .
te	O	Ignoring Gladys 's protests , he led her onto the dance floor , and soon she was laughing along with everyone else .
te	O	Mac couldn 't see inside them , but he guessed they were full of gas .
te	I	It did not lose altitude and it did not slow down .
te	O	My fingers stroked him through the fabric , and his head rolled back with a shudder .
te	O	Another toast , more of a curse directed at the Bergamo Lions , and they tasted the wine .
te	O	Natalie busted out laughing and everyone else started laughing too .
te	O	He enchanted his blade with the fire , and he could feel the heat coming off the sword as he rushed the closest guard .
te	O	I say it in the silence of my head , but he hears .
te	O	Imagine you are a dolphin , and you hear a human assert that the ocean is in fact theirs .
te	I	Andrew takes him into the kitchen and Alexander wakes up searching for a bottle .
te	I	It smells like his cologne and I 'm still wearing Kayden 's shirt .
te	I	She 'd enjoyed watching him interact with the younger kids and she 'd been the only grownup in a room full of ten year olds .
te	I	He didn 't dare , but he wanted to reach out , mind to mind .
te	I	Tears rose to his eyes and Ivan sat down next to her .
te	I	She gave me a glass of it , and I asked Hana to give me water .
te	I	Suddenly all the air left the room and his arm was snaking around my waist .
te	O	Suddenly her eyes snapped open and she cast her stick into the air .
te	I	Their tempers were vile , and they carried bared weapons .
te	O	She rested for a moment on a shelf of rock smoothed by the wind , but she didn 't drink from her pouch .
te	O	You might be a general now but you know how things are .
te	I	Then he smiled , but the Colonel shook his head .
te	O	I don 't know why I felt the ties , but another part of me was horrified at the thought .
te	I	Trask would be flagged by it as an unidentified individual , and it would identify Buck .
te	O	Our relationship hadn 't been exactly platonic , but there were lines we hadn 't crossed .
te	I	She didn 't have to , but she didn 't answer .
te	I	Her grip strong and her hand was rough .
te	I	Pop was always in my leather recliner watching some game , but it seemed early for it .
te	O	Ben waved her over and I fought a groan .
te	I	Becca keeps talking , but I 'm about to ask where my mom is , because I 'm still not in the mood to run into her .
te	I	Just then the pharmacist calls my name , and I watch her leave to head down the aisle .
te	I	He looked worried , but I meant to tease .
te	O	Twins had always been somewhat of a phenomenon in Immortal history , but since the ban on interracial marriage , they had been non-existent .
te	O	I felt Victor slide his feet up onto the bed and he leaned his back up against the headrest .
te	O	He stopped chopping somewhere in the middle of that rant , but I 'm not sure which part .
te	I	In the blink of an eye it 's over , and an unexpected sight , a dumbfounded stare .
te	I	I wasn 't changing my mind , but I knew she was about to try to talk me out of discharging myself .
te	O	Rush was telling Blaire , but then there was me .
te	O	His father was disappointed in him , but his wife is afraid of him .
te	I	She was afraid her boobs would pop right out of the top at any moment and the dress she wore seriously limited her range .
te	I	The answer had always been a resounding no , and she 'd faced the inquisition about work experience .
te	I	I was suddenly filled with the desire to stuff my face with them , but I didn 't even like apples that much .
te	O	He reached the floor , tipped sideways , and a flood of dark blood spilled from his mouth .
te	O	Time seems to slow as I attempt to regain my traction , but there are no footholds within reach .
te	O	A friend of Jack 's called Jack instantly , but he was not as quick as Walter .
te	O	Her eyes finally creaked open and she tried to focus in the harsh light .
te	I	You can 't , and you 're poor .
te	O	He 'd told her his family would probably be curious about her , but he 'd said it casually in the parking lot after they 'd arrived .
te	I	She had almost made it out of the room before he caught Millie 's arm , and he pursued her .
te	I	I was angry at how pitiful I sounded and I could hear the pain in my voice .
te	O	I disconnected the call , but not before I got one last psychic hit .
te	I	She offered a silent apology and her dark eyes met his .
te	O	He held up a palm , and the group came to a stop before the spiky haired teenager , who was staring at them .
te	I	She could see no other way , but it would be a long , hard march for both of them .
te	I	Jamie played the message , and the voicemail notification beeped .
te	O	You can 't kill me , and you 've got no witch .
te	I	It was better to face it now than deal with a slow leak , but I knew he was going to be an ass .
te	I	She was grateful for the cup of punch in which she could bury her face and her skin flushed warm .
te	I	The tingling electricity filled my veins once again , and a sense of foreboding gripped my nervous system .
te	I	I tell Sean to grab us a table and we head into Wendy 's .
te	I	There the rocks were unseen under the waves , but the only other thing to do was to slosh into the salt water .
te	I	Luke looked at her in surprise , and embarrassed , she repeated her words .
te	I	He felt the sharp point of a knife in his back and each of Seldon 's arms were caught in an iron grip .
te	I	Carmine froze in horror as soon as he stepped in the doorway , and they approached a room .
te	I	She set her teeth together , and a lusty wail came from behind her .
te	O	I thought I knew , but I didn 't .
te	O	A strange device was attached to the rod and I leaned closer to see what it was .
te	I	I instantly regretting snapping at him and I was impatient .
te	I	They won 't know why , but they 'll know we 're here .
te	I	I had no strength left to stop him , but I folded my fingers around his hand , trying to break his grip on my throat .
te	I	He knew pain would come , but it shocked him more than it hurt .
te	O	In his youth he 'd been the best brawler on Dead Donkey Lane , and the other boys had looked up to him .
te	O	Apparently he has powerful enemies there , and I have been told that if remains in the city they will kill him .
te	O	I am not one of these frail gals who keels over at every little thing , but I felt I was justified right now .
te	O	I offered her a whisky Cola and after several sips , she relaxed .
te	O	She gave the valet her ticket and he pulled her car out front .
te	I	I bit back another curse , and it was a large caliber .
te	O	They should have drowned , sunk to the bottom of the sea but they hadn 't .
te	O	God , maybe it 's Thierry ... But all the while , she knew .
te	O	One side of her face was bloody and Grace 's phone lay in pieces by her side .
te	I	When Asa rose as if to go to her , she staggered back like she might pass out , and her screams kept rising in pitch .
te	I	It would really look bad if I didn 't , but I don 't really want to go .
te	I	His brows rose when he found what I 'd written , and my fingers brushed his when he took the form .
te	I	No one said anything , but their eyes were curious as they noticed Hannah 's stomach .
te	O	Well , there was nothing for it but to try .
te	O	Again , she faced a plain wall , but now I knew what to watch for .
te	I	Something stopped me , but I wanted to tell her that , too .
te	O	She smiled to soften the edge in her tone , and they pedaled toward home in the early evening light .
te	O	He could end it all at any moment ... but there was always hope .
te	O	I have made progress on that since you and the others were made .
te	O	A hand touched Hanna 's bare shoulder , and she turned , thinking Mike was back .
te	I	The attacks will probably get worse - and they 're not finished with us .
te	I	He had nothing to pin on him but love hadn 't liked her husband .
te	I	There was nothing I could do and I saw it heading right for me .
te	O	The glistening black hair was combed back in a pompadour , and the pouty lower lip was stretched in the trademark smile .
te	I	Her chin high , and Cassie kept her face impassive .
te	O	The inhaler in his left pocket was the snare drum , and the empty right pocket the bass drum .
te	I	I immediately chastised myself for the idea , and that part of my brain said getting rid of her would be safer for me in the future .
te	I	Jake knows it , and I want him .
te	I	Cammie began to cry , but she started to talk .
te	O	A lot had happened in the chaos and my head wasn 't exactly thinking clear .
te	I	A television hung from the ceiling and the walls had muted pastel wallpaper covering them .
te	I	He didn 't respond , but Midget 's eyes narrowed .
te	O	Julie looked for a little while , and instead of filling her with peace , it filled her with sorrow .
te	O	I felt awkward taking the shot alone , but I couldn 't very well decline it .
te	O	I kept up the therapy , and by 3 I was finished .
te	I	His eyes turned incredulous and Leo 's face drooped .
te	I	It still made her feel better , but sure , her standing while Ethan was sitting wasn 't exactly much of a power play .
te	O	He wanted to get closer , but every time he inched forward , she moved back .
te	I	Friends informed , and Promise fulfilled .
te	I	Lewis didn 't comment on his lack of enthusiasm , but Matt could hear the flatness in his own voice .
te	O	His smile returned , but it looked forced .
te	I	They were all feeling pretty good after a while and they broke out the Asti .
te	I	I was jealous , and I thought it might be you .
te	O	I usually wore a bra , but the backless dress wouldn 't allow it .
te	I	He preferred the stairs , but the elevator was easier .
te	O	I glared at him as Posy and I circled the paddock once more .
te	I	My head is pounding harder , and I feel helpless .
te	I	Other hands scraped around the doorway , grabbing for me , but the clone grunted on the other side as I shoved .
te	O	I should be giving a presentation now to a delegation from Texas , but then I discovered that I had left behind the most important document .
te	O	She waved as Asher and I left the restaurant .
te	O	You see me coming and you run the other direction .
te	I	Something caught his eye and he glanced in the square window as he passed .
te	I	Finn called a strong wind to carry the stone out of his hand and he held his hand out .
te	I	It was enough to cause me to stop crying , but it wasn 't much .
te	O	It was as silent as a dandelion clock striking midnight , but it had pressure .
te	O	I could have pushed him too far to go back , and that thought makes the words start rushing out of my mouth again .
te	I	I was here to destroy my page , and it was The Caster Chronicles .
te	O	You 're good at making crap up , but I 'm not letting you run again .
te	I	Her thighs ached , and there were several small bruises on her hips , where he had gripped her during his climax .
te	O	I don 't want to think about it , but I can 't help thinking about it .
te	I	He looks relieved we have quickly moved on to a much safer topic and his eyes light up at the question .
te	O	Another player shouted at Andrew , and he looked over his shoulder .
te	O	Gavin winced a little when she touched him , but he didn 't pull away .
te	O	I know she 'd probably let me , but the fact that she would so easily makes me feel guilty .
te	I	I place a hand on his shoulder to keep from falling down and the sensation of his zealous breath drives a shiver through my body .
te	I	I really look at him again , and we take a few steps closer .
te	O	She watched as her suitcases were placed next to the front door and it took all her strength to walk up the steps .
te	I	Not everyone in the mountain is , but David Pilcher is a monster .
te	I	She sensed he had a clearer understanding of where he was going with it then ever before , but his argument wasn 't new .
te	I	There was a hushed pause at the table and the emotion was not lost on Liza .
te	O	My exhaustion turned into nervous energy , and soon I was craving a drink .
te	I	The chitchat commenced and Dinner was served .
te	O	A knot formed in my throat and I could feel my heart aching .
te	I	There was a little part of me that was envious of that ability , but I rolled my eyes .
te	I	You can see for miles and on the other side of the wall it goes downhill .
te	I	James decided to humor her , but she was grasping at straws .
te	O	The sea blue dress fits nicely , but the color is not really me .
te	I	Something in Will could not be soothed , but his tone was soothing .
te	I	My politely formal bodyguard was back , and then that familiar veil dropped over Maximus 's eyes .
te	O	A pang of remorse shots through me , but I need to go .
te	O	both hunters said together but Eli had already started walking away .
te	O	The embrace caused a bit of discomfort to her still healing wound , but it was worth the small amount of agony to feel so loved .
te	I	He shook his head to clear it and the curtain of exhaustion began to descend upon him .
te	I	She 'd always been there when someone else was close by , and the club was huge .
te	O	Give me one of those Hollywood stylists and I 'll play a princess .
te	O	I blinked at it and it fluttered to my ear .
te	O	Not the drip of water seeping from the earth into the tunnel , but a dull roar that began to boom louder with every step they took .
te	I	He didn 't want to admit it , but they were right .
te	I	The lavender spiral arms surrounding it began swirling furiously and the pupil on the giant eye suddenly contracted .
te	I	He 'd keep it cordial , but well , he didn 't want to .
te	I	The entire town had talked of little else despite the details she 'd held back , but she 'd done her best to downplay it .
te	I	The blade was unable to pierce the thick hide , but where the dagger edge met scales , sparks flew .
te	O	Thick needles of fire pierce every inch of my skin , striking clear to the bone , and I shiver uncontrollably .
te	O	That was before logic kicked into high gear and I realized no breathing body meant no ice cream money .
te	I	Pointing downward at a different angle , but the blip disappeared from the screen than reappeared a second later somewhere else on the screen .
te	I	The cost of such a journey was more than he could raise , but he had yearned for those fair shores since he was a child .
te	I	I instantly regretted the cynical jab , and Kenzie was quiet .
te	I	Vanished , and Jason stepped to the left , through Matthew 's doorway .
te	O	He opened the book to a favorite chapter , and an envelope dropped out .
te	O	Her mouth felt scorching hot , but between her legs she was on fire with urgent need .
te	I	She had to do something before morale hit rock bottom , but she had no idea what she was going to say .
te	O	Dropping now , I sent and Bill shouted at his agents .
te	I	He knows you loved him , and I know you loved dad .
te	O	Ethan started up the steps , not worrying about the call , but I pushed against his chest .
te	I	He couldn 't move , but Bradford could see his finger starting to squeeze the trigger .
te	I	I sat back down , and he patted my back .
te	O	Austin raised her eyebrows at the phrase , but the strange wording didn 't stop her blood from running cold .
te	O	Braden used to , and half the guys in this house do as well .
te	O	My boots stomped up the stairs to a desk , and my bag fell off my shoulder to the floor .
te	O	The girl threw her arms around Selma 's waist in a hug , and she heard the front door shut .
te	I	She did storm outside , but Kimber shook him off .
te	O	I fought with my head to keep its focus , but it kept drifting to thoughts of Cassie .
te	I	I 'll treasure it always and it was a beautiful moment in my life .
te	O	She sighed softly , recognizing that something was terribly wrong , but it didn 't matter to her .
te	I	I came across a woman with a baby but I thought I could hide in a field .
te	O	He was obviously hungry and how could she blame him ?
te	O	Talking in Kate 's voice sounded odd , but I kept giving orders .
te	O	It was the only thing in her control at the moment , and by God , she 'd remain silent .
te	I	She shook her head , but he tried to interrupt .
te	I	My mouth immediately began to water and the tables were set now with food .
te	I	Eventually her body just couldn 't fight anymore , but she fought it for a very long time .
te	I	A figure motioned them into the dark interior , and the barrack door cracked open without a sound .
te	O	She 'd end up doing more work to make up for her show of defiance ... and nothing would change .
te	I	I love you , and I 'm here .
te	O	I raised my finger to my lip to quiet her , and she lowered her voice -- just barely .
te	O	I surrounded myself with some of the most evil things you could think of and I reveled in them .
te	O	Matthias tended to prattle on , and it had already worn at the patience of the other members .
te	I	There was no way he was enjoying it as much as I was , yet I sensed that he was reveling in this moment .
te	O	I nod , and I start prepping my arm with alcohol as he gloves up .
te	O	Zane turned around to face me and his blue eyes were full of emotion as he started to talk .
te	I	Sam wondered who She was ; but the Dark Lord was He , of course .
te	O	Now drink your tea and I 'll show you the room .
te	O	My cheek fell against Brody 's chest and he turned to carry me to safety .
te	I	I 've come to realize that you won 't , but you say you 'll find a place to move .
te	O	It took one powerful motion of his incredibly strong arms and Jess had shifted himself from his chair to her bed .
te	I	It was a risky technique which he hadn 't practiced since Norway , but he judged that there was just enough snow under the tree canopy .
te	I	Those who did not meet the criteria were immediately rejected , and the precedence that the company 's medical staff had outlined was very specific .
te	O	It may have lasted a second , or maybe it was an hour .
te	I	The rest was up to him and I protected him where I could .
te	O	Her shoulders slumped and she sat down in the soft hay , feeling like she 'd let her family down again .
te	I	It 's on my finger , and I return to the ship .
te	O	He hesitated before breaking the call and she knew there was more .
te	O	She did her best to memorize the way so she could make it back out without having to jump through the window , but it was hard .
te	I	Chloe is the only heir to Burlington Enterprises , and I 'm retiring .
te	O	His legs had grown numb and his vision was getting blurry .
te	O	I 'd tested his strength only once , when we first met , and that had been in an attempt to goad him into stabbing me .
te	I	Her breath caught and Kylie glanced up .
te	I	She must be part of the inner circle , but she might not be the owner .
te	I	They 'd faced off , and the fighting had stopped .
te	O	Tony 's grin was huge as he stared down at me , and a lock of black hair threatened to fall into his clear , gray eyes .
te	I	You 're next , or keep playing along .
te	I	Jax knew people could put words in a person 's mouth in this industry , but Ty was one of those tight-lipped guys .
te	I	Now he was here , married to my mom , and my whole life I had wondered about my father .
te	O	He 's never liked talking about his feelings , but he 's trying to get better at it .
te	O	She hadn 't even eaten , and she had to be starving .
te	O	The Devil did change his plan and God used it for His good .
te	O	I expected him to be gone when I straightened back up , but he wasn 't .
te	O	They were still alone in the luxury suite and the tension simmering between them grew thicker by the moment .
te	I	She wasn 't about to tell him that , but she didn 't believe he was attacked by aliens .
te	I	By then it was too late , but at one point , she 'd finally gone to the kitchen to remove their dinner from the oven .
te	I	The silence stretched and no one replied .
te	O	Kelly gave him a peculiar look , but she followed him to the table .
te	O	It should have been peaceful , but I was restless .
te	I	There were several items to be gone over , and the major had been gone for a week .
te	I	She vibrated there in front of me and her eyes rolled white up into her head .
te	O	I didn 't give much thought to how I 'd celebrate this year , but I would never have pictured being here , doing any of this .
te	O	That coppery flavor increased , yet when I pulled back in instinctive aversion , his grip tightened .
te	I	I feel his erection sink into me and his h * ps slam into mine .
te	O	She 's always thinking she forgot about her meds , but the truth is she just can 't remember anything anymore .
te	O	Her eyes began to fill with tears , but she pushed them back .
te	I	I wanted to see Henry , but I had no idea where I was .
te	O	Everything was a blur to him but there was nothing wrong with his hearing .
te	O	There are so many people that have helped me along this journey and I would be remiss in not mentioning them .
te	I	He clearly knew he 'd been outmaneuvered , but crawling off the hood of the car , Taylor narrowed his eyes .
te	I	Of course the choice is up to you but Garza will be a good replacement for the men 's training .
te	O	He gestured in a way that implied he might recognize her but he wasn 't sure .
te	I	I was watching her without blinking , but sitting up just enough , I pretended to get up to grab some clothes .
te	I	She 's been avoiding me for the past few days , but I am in the process of falling hard for someone .
te	I	I don 't want to know and whatever he has really said doesn 't matter .
te	I	The wind came shrill among the rocks , and it was getting bitter cold up here .
te	O	She sat down on the end and I channel surfed .
te	I	Christopher merely laughed , but Sarah anxiously reached back to touch her own hair , hoping it was still well tucked beneath her lace cap .
te	I	A relationship needed more than sex , but okay , there was a mutual physical attraction .
te	O	Lillian slapped Ellie hard across the cheek , and then Ellie was returned to the darkness .
te	O	I felt her eyes on my face , but I didn 't open my own .
te	I	My mouth dropped open , and my gaze shifted to the bartender .
te	O	Rory didn 't close his eyes , but the confusion around his eyes relaxed .
te	O	Banos Prime might have been a desert world , but it certainly wasn 't warm .
te	O	It could have been his imagination , but he thought he heard terrified screams from within .
te	I	If I was lucky , the demon would pass by without noticing , and I would attempt to stay crouched behind the boulder .
te	I	Fire alarms across the city went off , and warning sirens sounded .
te	O	Jordan 's hand reached for her pillow and she snatched the dagger that she was preserving underneath it .
te	I	We all broke into applause and the tension fell away .
te	I	The fires were laid under the big oven chambers , and the women had already measured out their ingredients for the day 's bread .
te	O	She stared into my eyes , and in that instant , I felt like I was back at the scene .
te	O	Even his wretched co-pilot 's fate nagged at him , and that was a man out to get him killed .
te	O	It was unnerving and it only proved to heighten of her own temper .
te	I	While Clay posed his staff watched with great amusement , and a photographer was rushed over .
te	I	She let out a little moan , and mom 's hand had frozen in Claire 's hair .
te	I	He did , yet he didn 't have to do it .
te	I	Her arms are locked around my neck and her legs are still fastened around me .
te	O	It wasn 't in their clothing , but their postures .
te	O	Though he forced his voice to remain steady , his face slowly turned red , and his fists were clenched so tightly that his knuckles were white .
te	I	He smiled and Realization dawned on his face .
te	O	It made no sense , and Hal gave her no time to question .
te	I	Liz backed up quickly , and he moved forward to wrap his arms around her .
te	O	My feet kept walking , but my brain was telling me to run as we came to the end of the hallway .
te	O	The only thing we had to discuss was our trip , and he had no interest in talking about it .
te	I	Everyone kept telling me I was going to be all right , but I was pretty scared .
te	O	She was tired , but she didn 't want to go to sleep .
te	I	His smile said it all but his face gave nothing away .
te	I	Carl 's driveway was full of cars , and already people were spilling into the garden .
te	I	His entire body tensed , and the action startled him .
te	O	The blond guy looked in her direction , then at the other male , but she doubted he could see a thing in this blackness .
te	I	The guard wasn 't there , but I walked into the office .
te	O	They turned left and at the end of the passage , there was sunlight .
te	I	I wonder what he 's doing and Anthony creeps across the bed , his eyes intently connecting with mine .
te	I	They 're happy with them , and they 've got their own preconceptions .
te	O	He thought she 'd ruined his life , but dealing with him wasn 't easy .
te	I	He had to open his eyes and soon the sound became a roar on the exposed sections of roof trusses .
te	O	Problem was it was way too early and his home number was at the office .
te	O	I rest my arms on the table as he heads over and I stab my fingernails into the tops of my forearms .
te	I	He thought of the other designs he had discovered , and it looked impossibly advanced .
te	I	Mary Elise at her pit bull most persistent hadn 't been budging , but Guilt nicked .
te	I	My hands fell away and he shifted off me .
te	I	I knew that my background would be investigated , and I was up for a Congressional Committee appointment .
te	I	Her face was oddly blank and Marian , Colin noted with interest , sat next to Sibyl .
te	I	We didn 't believe in ourselves , or we couldn 't take our relationship higher if any mistrust was between us .
te	I	They even have similar downtown areas , including the red brick streets and both are small college towns !
te	O	Luke then walked me back down the aisle and we went back into the little private room .
te	O	He didn 't reply , and she smiled slowly .
te	I	I turned around quickly and Jamey stood up .
te	O	She glanced at Declan and he watched in awe .
te	O	He put the shot right down the vampire 's throat , literally , and the creature went up in flames .
te	I	I was getting the impression that this was going to be my first time , but I 'd never been in trouble before .
te	O	It looked like she was making a scarf , and I wondered who she was making it for .
te	O	I couldn 't stop Brandon , not without you , but I could try to save his victims .
te	I	Cassidy kicked them off , and Diego yanked her panties down .
te	I	I took care of him when his brother got sick with cancer , and he took care of me when I needed a place to stay .
te	I	I want to tear everything apart ... and I want to go back there .
te	I	Casey sat up in the saddle and Goober 's ears again went forward .
te	O	Guilt knotted in my throat , and I found myself trying to explain what had sent me over the edge that night .
te	I	The whole wheat crackers she had on the counter and he grabbed her soy cheese from the top shelf .
te	O	The crops yielded little harvest this year and still the rains were not coming .
te	I	He had taken advantage of it and I had shown him a weakness .
te	I	I followed swiftly behind , and Sophie lead the way .
te	O	A few were wearing side arms , but all were wearing blue arm bands .
te	O	His eyes were closed and his pants were unzipped .
te	O	I don 't know why , but I can feel her pain , even though I have no idea what 's causing it .
te	O	Mason is holding me up by my shoulders , and I feel the need to start grilling him .
te	O	He faced the other direction but that was when the plant tangle rolled in , hitting the wall in their haste .
te	I	I wouldn 't listen to him , but he tried to tell me that I didn 't need to leave , that our part was already finished .
te	I	Then Realm is easing me away , and they grumble something I can 't hear .
te	O	My first thought was Lucas , but I realized that the voice in the thunder sounded familiar .
te	I	She felt they 'd already made quite enough of an impact today , but not that it would have stopped them .
te	O	Jackie had no idea what she was doing , but she was smart .
te	I	Hell had poured through and it was as if the earth had torn open .
te	I	He didn 't push it , but he knew she was lying .
te	O	They ran into bad weather on the trip and the plane went down in shallow water off the Florida coast .
te	O	It 's special because no one lives it , no one else breathes through it , and no one else struggles from every pore with it .
te	I	The group walked away , Nora still in the clutches of the other man and she remained on her feet .
te	O	It seemed almost too easy , yet Cade didn 't appear overly concerned .
te	O	This was a new day for her , and for the first time she noticed it was a beautiful day outside .
te	I	It wasn 't in his plans and he was falling for this woman .
te	O	I hadn 't had a party night like that in quite awhile , and it felt good to return to the life that had made me .
te	O	My parents were lucky in their marriage , and I had been the beneficiary of that luck .
te	I	It 's pointless , but I keep trying to get comfortable .
te	O	I worked with Rachel , and she was always so happy .
te	I	When I look at him for an explanation , he sighs , but Alex narrows his eyes at him .
te	I	Everything that can happen , has happened , and one interpretation says that dimensions are infinite .
te	I	Yes , you read that right , and it was a mistake on the level of ' bringing a sword to a gun fight ' .
te	I	After all it was his very own special place and it was spectacular .
te	O	Braden always won against me , but I 'd won our practice battle on the way to school with it .
te	I	Tamra is only about fifteen , but he said she 'd come early to see his little sister .
te	O	We didn 't speak , and the pulsing music did nothing to break the sudden awkwardness between us .
te	O	Not only did I still feel tired but I also looked exhausted , even old .
te	O	I wasn 't Betty Boop , but I looked pretty good .
te	O	I didn 't realize at first , but now it makes complete sense .
te	O	They walked to the door and he pulled out the handkerchief .
te	I	He 'll kill you to get to her or he 'll either willingly convince her to come .
te	I	The Hab started to get cold , and I let it run for an hour .
te	O	He spun , grabbing me by the shoulders , and looked so far into my eyes I wondered if he saw my soul .
te	I	Suddenly I regret sitting next to her like an obedient child , and Grayson runs her fingers through my hair .
te	O	We weren 't sure which door had closed , but we figured sounds didn 't do much for the creatures , so we started calling out .
te	I	After just a moment , I felt back to normal , but my head whirled just a bit from the instantaneous travel .
te	O	She 'd meant to rethink things , to come up with some other brilliant idea , but it had been one of those weeks .
te	O	Kym 's grieving parents were posed clutching a Bible and a bouquet of daisies , which they said had been Kym 's favorite flower .
te	O	An hour later , I was on my way home and less satisfied than I 'd been in a good long while .
te	O	Now he had to face up to the fact that it was over between them , and she would move on to live the life she deserved .
te	I	It sounded bad , but he wasn 't even sure if he knew what one was .
te	O	She nodded , too choked up to speak , and with one last hug , we finally let go of each other .
te	I	Heather shivered some as she prepared for the day , completing her morning ritual and the predawn air was cool .
te	O	Her name was barely a whisper , but seething energy filled that single word .
te	I	Clung onto my nose , and a green bud popped at me .
te	I	Given the circumstances , why would he think otherwise , but for an instant , I 'm upset that he thinks I would do that .
te	O	I closed my eyes , and my entire body shivered .
te	I	I watched , and he screamed for help .
te	I	Rage shot through me , and now I knew where the two of them were .
te	O	The wall starts moving faster , and I struggle to keep up .
te	O	He saw her stomach tense , and he pulled her in front of him .
te	O	Carol 's knees buckled and she swayed toward him .
te	O	Now that the heat of battle had dissipated , the thoughts flooded in : the image of the blood shooting out , and the writhing eyes .
te	I	Dad was headed back to Louisiana and she was moving back to Australia the next week .
te	I	All the light in the room was quenched , and he lifted a hand into the air .
te	O	Scenes from my nightmare flashed before my eyes , and a terrible sense of foreboding swept through me .
te	O	I nodded , knowing she was right , and she tapped out a text to Mindi .
te	O	She thought , for one hopeful moment , that it might be Colby , but then remembered he drove a maroon Buick .
te	I	I had a feeling everyone would be out , but I 'd try back later in the day .
te	O	I followed him to the limousine , joined Jane in the back seat and we drove off .
te	I	It was hard , but I tried not to stare at Dad .
te	O	I giggled like a little girl and at that moment I was changed .
te	O	The park was a large oval and by the time I found Rochelle 's street I had gone almost all the way around .
te	O	The commercial real estate market was still depressed across the country , but it had recently started to pick up in the Seattle area .
te	I	Her head fell against his shoulder and he lifted her out .
te	O	He smelled like sulfur and he had no eyes .
te	I	Liz released the breath she had been holding , and he smiled down at her once before departing .
te	I	I need to do something to cheer them up and there 's a black cloud hanging over the Hutchinson house .
te	I	She wasn 't surprised that Michael had settled the score , and Evening Star was pleased that the terrible men were dead .
te	I	He 's here , but Peeta 's damaged .
te	O	His eyes were half open as if he were dead , but he was still breathing .
te	O	The woman he loved was in danger , and he could do nothing .
te	O	The engine whined , and for a moment Rick wasn 't sure he was going to make it .
te	I	None of them is Lacey , but there are several patients walking freely .
te	O	He watched her reaction closely and Rena cursed herself for blushing .
te	I	He poked his head into the office and as if called by the devil , the door opened .
te	I	She absolutely did not care , and she was in way over her head .
te	O	I search my memories , wondering if there will be a hidden clue to what 's going on , but there 's nothing .
te	O	My sunglasses fell to the ground and the brightness intensified .
te	O	My gut heaved and my shoulders jerked as I fought to breathe .
te	I	Gavin is so stoic about it , so matter of fact but it 's can 't be fun .
te	I	Then her face clouded with worry , and she listened neutrally for a moment .
te	O	She tried to make herself return the gesture , but her eyes were too busy filling with tears .
te	O	It was difficult to do , but if you accomplished that , then you can wrap her around your little pinky like a love slave .
te	O	There was a general craning of necks among the assembled deities , and then one put up his hand .
te	O	This wasn 't about him and what he stood to lose .
te	O	I don 't have ties to the Colombians , and more importantly , I haven 't broken any laws .
te	I	I could force him to come up , but I can 't get down there .
te	I	I knew of such magics from my studies , but I could see no speaker .
te	O	If so , part of me wanted to thank him , but another part of me was angry that he didn 't tell me about it .
te	O	Cameron waited while the fire crackled and the window darkened with coming night .
te	O	My lips part slightly and he closes the gap with his mouth .
te	O	I am sorry for that , but it is not my fault .
te	I	Agitation seeped through and her voice rose .
te	I	She could never be again , and she wasn 't her old self .
te	O	I was afraid he thought I was making fun of his dad , and I 'd offended him .
te	O	They 'd found a cave to stay out of the sun , and there Matt had gotten hurt .
te	I	She wasn 't leaving me and I was taking care of her .
te	O	The words seemed forced , but I couldn 't understand how .
te	I	He has every right to be and he 's proud of their house .
te	O	He freezes and the strand of my hair falls from his finger .
te	I	She widened her eyes , letting me know that Kira 's words were an understatement and I glanced at her .
te	O	I still want to beat the crap out of Hunter , but at least I don 't want to kill him anymore .
te	I	Ty would be the new spokesperson for Viagra and it would catch up to them one day .
te	O	I asked my friends who were still in Colville , and they assured me he wasn 't cheating on me .
te	I	He squared his shoulders , and his moment of pity was soon spent .
te	I	He forced himself to listen to what she said and Kelly was still talking .
te	O	Her tongue feels like a cat 's tongue , but it 's as long as a dog 's .
te	I	That 's not the answer Frank wants , but Truth , I have learned , isn 't dependable .
te	O	A cold sweat broke out on Padme 's forehead , but she held her tongue .
te	I	There was something about the man that scared me , but I wasn 't sure what made me think that .
te	I	I don 't really care and I don 't know why .
te	O	You can read the second Lux Guardians book now , and there will be more books in the coming years .
te	O	I 'd gone over her movements and she hadn 't gone anywhere she shouldn 't have .
te	I	He was just a shadowy figure , and the light outside was dark .
te	I	His skin is scorching as he presses hard and he grabs my face between his hands .
te	O	You just let me know how much you want for it , and I 'll pay .
te	O	Laurence found his conversation monotonous , and they had never become friends .
te	I	It made the chances less , but it didn 't mean he wasn 't a natural blond .
te	I	The recognition grew into a love affair with the fact , and she 'd assented to this early in life .
te	O	The dress was slit to the thigh and one long , slender leg peeked out .
te	I	I smack them away , but something stabs at my neck , trying to tear off my necklace .
te	I	Now you say I have to wait and you said I could have a dog .
te	I	I couldn 't let them , and they were going to take you into the city .
te	O	Big brown eyes bore into her dead soul , and she couldn 't muster up the strength to tell the kid no .
te	I	When he had everything he needed , he 'd make the trade , and she would be in England .
te	I	My cock jumped in anticipation , as if it were trying to leap into her grip , and she reached for me .
te	O	My body is shaking all over , and the ground is shaking too .
te	O	It was only water , and he was with people who knew what they were doing .
te	O	Your reporter friend is running a distraction , but we have to get out now .
te	I	We heard her mom moving for the stairs , and Janelle tore the bottle of perfume back out of my hand just as I finished .
te	O	I wasn 't perfect , but I could be better .
te	I	She was having trouble staying awake , and it had tasted a little off .
te	I	Fintan felt years older , but it had been just a few short weeks since they had last played the opening game .
te	I	He could see his own reflection in her enlarged pupils , and her eyes , darkened with tears , bore into him .
te	I	It was more movement than he should be doing at the moment , but she 'd tried to be still .
te	O	His face was set in a look of disapproval , but then it was always set in a look of disapproval .
te	I	He released me before it could even be considered awkward , but I honestly didn 't want him to let go .
te	I	Blake still couldn 't shake the tension that tugged at every nerve in his body and it had been hours since his therapy session with Danica .
te	I	It just wasn 't my thing but like I said , I worked for Little Rock PD for five years .
te	I	Selma noticed the dressing emptying from the bottle , and liquid dripped down her arm .
te	I	That was before his mom died , but maybe he was in the past .
te	O	It detached at the elbow and he finally screamed , bleeding onto the grass .
te	I	She hadn 't , but he might have known that Kira wasn 't in jeopardy .
te	I	Neither did I. I 'd have to ask Mum why , and they didn 't understand why I was Grandma 's favourite .
te	I	I will go put the signs out and just move everything out onto the driveway .
te	O	The weight vanished from my chest and I sucked in a breath .
te	I	The guards move down the corridor and his words fade as Serena .
te	O	There was anticipation in the air and the only illumination cast on the meadow was the thin slash of moonlight that hovered over distant trees .
te	I	The Hunter was staring at him , and just shoving them away wasn 't enough .
te	O	She heard footsteps approaching and she turned to see who it was .
te	I	Travis noted the label , feigning more interest than he felt , trying to steady his nerves , and she set them on the counter .
te	I	They studied me with great intensity and his dark eyes revealed no emotions .
te	O	The TV said you should ignore bullies and they would leave you alone , eventually .
te	I	I splash so much cold water on myself it makes my chest hurt and I go back to the creek .
te	O	You have been most kind , but I must decline your invitation .
te	O	Her shimmering hair floated as if she was underwater , and her body seemed to be dancing on the air .
te	O	She was going to die , and he 'd be laughing .
te	I	His lingering seemed to imply that something would change and Steve hesitated .
te	O	Heroes were really scoundrels , and scoundrels were really heroes .
te	O	The sight of her makes something wrench inside me , but I know I look much the same .
te	I	It locked and Nina twisted the handle .
te	I	They walked out into the subdued atmosphere of the executive floor and she missed Jim 's astonished expression because the doors opened .
te	O	He didn 't know if I would be returning , and someone had to lead the Realm in my absence .
te	O	Now I am sure of my feelings , and it 's too late .
te	O	I 'm here whenever you need me and most importantly , God is with you .
te	I	I could see his self - control straining , stretching , right at the point of failure , and his eyes darkened .
te	I	It worked great , and she probably wanted to make sure everyone could see the flag !
te	O	I was ending my life as I knew it , and my girlfriend was holding the rope .
te	O	Bill could tell she was getting ready to leave but he wanted her to stay as long as possible .
te	I	I still held hope that I would be able to do what I had set out to do , but her logic was sound .
te	O	She peered around the clearing with new eyes , and the faintest hints of webs glittered at her .
te	O	I tried tentatively , or at least I might have whispered it .
te	I	Zane was too heavy , but Ty tried to twist out of it .
te	I	He could see he wasn 't going to be able to extract himself from this easily , and already their voices were raised .
te	I	She quickly wiped them away and tears returned to her eyes .
te	O	I 'll sit inside and you try on clothes .
te	O	That was fine , but Faith 's biggest concern remained her family .
te	O	Very few people dared to venture inside and many had warned her to stay away .
te	O	Winston cried , but he could do nothing to help her .
te	O	Munro had heard them before , and he had an idea about what they meant .
te	O	I started to investigate , but she held me back .
te	O	My clothing felt too airy , but I knew some sort of material draped me .
te	O	She was the first person I went to if I needed to look halfway decent , and she always did a fantastic job .
te	I	Her arm was too heavy , her fingers too weak , but she tried to reach for the door to open it .
te	O	They talked to many at the docks , but no one had seen anything .
te	I	It wasn 't opposition , either , but it wasn 't encouragement , exactly .
te	O	His world was a dangerous place , and it was his job to ensure the safety of its inhabitants .
te	O	Nate had told me that 's how it was , but I couldn 't understand it until I experienced it for myself .
te	I	Emma wouldn 't be doing anything special , and Christmas fell on a Sunday this year .
te	O	Their faces were all blank , and their eyes dull .
te	O	Now you 're my wife , and you are carrying our child .
te	O	Daniel fleetingly considered asking one of the widows to dance , but he decided against it .
te	I	He placed the limp policeman back on the ground gently , like a mother returning her child to its crib , and a thrill coursed through him .
te	O	He knew they weren 't , but he wanted to give her something that would bring back the fight in her .
te	I	The entertainment starved peasants saw this as a necessary evil , but the occasional death did occur .
te	I	Some things a girl never forgets , but granted , it was a long time ago .
te	O	It was a lie , but Mercer wouldn 't know that .
te	O	I don 't know where the offer came from , but it suddenly seemed presumptuous .
te	O	I only brought pain , and she didn 't deserve that .
te	O	I 'm in a new place with new people , but the isolation is the same .
te	I	It didn 't dislodge the hard lump of fear stuck in my throat , but I swallowed .
te	O	I screamed like a little girl , but I didn 't hear anything .
te	O	His nighttime raid had failed , and Bryson began his withdrawal .
te	O	None of us had received any training in how to survive at altitudes higher than the gnome settlement , but I could extrapolate from what I knew .
te	O	He listened out in case his midnight meal had woken anyone , but all was quiet .
te	O	Not the way I wanted my confession to go , not at all , but deep inside I felt relieved .
te	O	Jake did what an eight - year - old could do , but there was nothing left to be saved .
te	I	My voice shattered the barrier , destroying the leaches that blocked our path and I screamed .
te	O	Then he pulled back , and she could breathe again .
te	I	Jill continued and I nodded .
te	I	Everyone ordered their dinner , and the waiter came then .
te	O	They were acquaintances really , but she didn 't have enough to throw them away .
te	O	I smiled as I imagined the shock she was going to feel when she realized I had set up a wedding and my dad was there .
te	I	I shared that gratitude with Jax and I still went in to work grateful every day .
te	O	Working blind we soon raised a trapdoor , but even then the opening looked like undisturbed floor .
te	O	He gestured at the chair across from her , but she didn 't make any indication either way .
te	O	I have seen it , and I have felt it .
te	O	I think I 'm going to walk right out the door and there ain 't a damn thing you 're going to do .
te	I	She didn 't want to check in case she caught him staring at her again , but she hoped he had fallen asleep .
te	I	If he keeps trying , he will suffer and he 'll never be able to prove anything .
te	O	He knew the end was near , and only the cold forged weapon could keep him from a drawn out end of torment .
te	I	The break in concentration disrupted her momentum , throwing her off-balance , and abruptly she turned her head in the direction of the sound .
te	I	The prospect of whatever this box contained excited me , but I had been in poor spirits just moments earlier .
te	I	He hadn 't even touched me yet , and I could feel the electricity going through my veins .
te	I	There were some questions for which there would never be any real answers , and it was true that her relationship with Jonas had some bizarre twists .
te	I	That didn 't mean he wasn 't second-guessing himself with every passing minute ... But he 'd known it would come down to this eventually .
te	I	I have no clothes , but I can leave the room .
te	I	I did feel a little better , but stupid of me , I know .
te	I	The boy stared at them as if he held diamonds , and Jason handed over two pellets .
te	O	There were a few other kids standing at lockers , but thankfully , their thought noise was muted this morning .
te	O	He knew that the boy was messing with some bad people , but he didn 't realize it was the dopers .
te	O	She was damn well going to at least confess , or this stone face would be last thing she saw .
te	I	I held her tight and my eyes drifted shut .
te	O	All they had to do was talk Liz into it , and it was easy , because she loved you so much .
te	O	I had never seen him in a hat before and he looked hot .
te	I	Julie began squirming , trying to bounce him from his slumber , and snoring soundly , Singer didn 't hear her .
te	I	I look away , and Mach smiles just like the Grinch .
te	O	No one noticed , and I hastily headed for the castle , figuring nothing would sprout out of stone walls .
te	I	My cheeks redden , and my laughter stops .
te	O	He might not possess the strength of the elder vampire , but he was not helpless .
te	I	She had said no , but I felt guilty too .
te	O	She knew it would be awkward afterward , but they could deal with it , put the barriers back up .
te	O	Both men didn 't seem to mind , as it decreased the workload somewhat and they could take it easy .
te	O	He excused himself for a quick trip to the bathroom , and when he returned , he pulled her into his arms .
te	O	It was late , and he 'd seemed so tired that they 'd simply shown him to his room .
te	O	The difference was monumental , and she ignored the sharp sting of hurt .
te	O	It was fine to leave Jonesy here , but the overgrown pilot wouldn 't last long .
te	O	He motioned me in and I closed the door .
te	I	Still , she would know how truly difficult it had been , but he had fought the crouching darkness on each rising .
te	I	It had nothing to do with the time tunnel , but there was a faint image appearing inside her head .
te	O	She had her arm slipped through his , and their heads were close together , as if they were sharing a secret .
te	O	It was a little sore , that was all , and these old bones had known some soreness before .
te	I	The power of the warriors was too much for them but the scavengers continued to attack .
te	O	I 'm the alpha of the alphas , but Dougal 's not that dominant .
te	I	His voice seemed to fill the room , drowning out all else and Tynan held up his hands .
te	I	She was looking at me and Piper was standing a few feet behind him .
te	O	It wasn 't , but I am too exhausted to fix anything right now .
te	I	He did have a weird sense of humor at times , but I didn 't think Darius would joke about something like this .
te	I	I try my best not to flinch at each one , and the ringing noises come at me like gunshots I can 't possibly dodge .
te	O	He knew this one , and it was definitely female .
te	O	Rain slams against my skin , like icy needles , and I shield my eyes , searching for my mom .
te	O	He was not so far gone as not to notice this stunned reaction , but her full red lips were glistening , beckoning him .
te	O	The applause faded and the audience settled into quiet murmurs .
te	O	His expression clears when I sit next to him and we sit in comfortable silence .
te	I	Little tears of panic gathered in the corners of her eyes and Sarah asked .
te	O	I don 't know , and whenever I try to find out , all I get are riddles .
te	I	I hadn 't been all that curious , and he had never told me much about his background .
te	O	It happened , though , and I was eventually exhausted enough to sleep .
te	I	They do need to come soon but it 's too early to admit defeat .
te	O	He was radiating worry and it was driving me crazy with the need to prove I didn 't need him to care about me .
te	O	My fingers wouldn 't work after that , and I couldn 't concentrate on the numbers .
te	I	She definitely didn 't want sympathy , but I don 't know how she interpreted my reaction .
te	O	The basic training at the new camp was very boring for Alex and he decided to join the Combined Operation Group as a commando .
te	O	His skin had deepened to the color of a bruise , and his body began to bloat .
te	O	Will knew that vampires could show their fangs at will , but it was still unnerving .
te	O	she asked , and we talked about that for a while .
te	I	The faeries drew back , staring at me with blackest hate , and the new voice rasped through the ranks of Forgotten .
te	O	It had almost tempted her to go herself , but the thought of the walk put her off .
te	I	She could swear she saw him shake his head , but he didn 't have the chance to answer .
te	I	He knows I was forsaken by family , but he may not know exactly what happened .
te	O	He seemed to be in the throes of a deep internal debate , for his brow was furrowed and his gaze was cast aloft .
te	I	I forced myself to ignore the unwanted emotion , and a twinge of jealousy ricocheted through my body .
te	O	There was a good reason for this , but my overloaded system didn 't absorb it .
te	I	Then turning his attention to her , he offered his hand , and Todd shot back .
te	O	He 's inside this boy who 's supposed to be him , but he doesn 't know what Teresa 's talking about .
te	O	Just ran in headfirst and it was done .
te	I	A bitter note crept into her voice , and she sniffed .
te	I	Their women could shop all damn day and Hmm , it really was smart , give the men beer .
te	I	The crowd quieted , and Ethan yelled out .
te	I	The gulls aren 't screeching at the fishing boats , and it 's dawn .
te	O	I could hear a loud throbbing sound , and the smell of fuel surrounded my nostrils .
te	I	In doing so she saw a glimpse of a chain around his neck , and Silver released Sylvia .
te	I	She confronted him and a smile lit up her elfin face .
te	I	She staggered into Mateo 's arms , and the roar of it deafened Nadia .
te	O	There was a gentle knock on the door , and her mother 's head poked around the corner .
te	O	He tried to dredge up a killing smile , but he couldn 't quite manage .
te	O	I could feel myself falling through space , and then I hit something hard underneath me .
te	O	Her hand moves under my shirt , and I have to remind myself where we are .
te	I	Drake had expected nothing less , but it was a packed funeral .
te	I	He hadn 't minded letting her learn on him , but she hadn 't known quite how to stroke him .
te	I	It was going to be fun , and he was throwing a party tonight .
te	O	It was harmless , and it wasn 't like he knew .
te	O	You 're gorgeous and women are going to ogle you .
te	I	Then I thought of what Archer had told me , but I shivered at his tone .
te	O	Hunter inclined his head in a vague nod of acknowledgment , but he still had his hand on Bishop 's throat .
te	I	He sat reading his book on wild animals and I say reading my Angel book .
te	O	My heart hammered in my chest and I couldn 't breathe .
te	O	I tried to inch in front of Nic , but he shouldered me back .
te	O	She tried to pull away but he tightened his hold , continuing their glide around the dance floor .
te	O	This was not the BDSM part of the club , and William loved to have his children around him most of the time .
te	I	They 'll be working for us , but they might not know it .
te	O	They will believe and they will follow .
te	I	I 'd given up everything to keep what we had but he didn 't know it .
te	O	Prisoners keep their mouths shut or they get taught a lesson .
te	O	I called Mom and she knows you 're going over .
te	O	I look down and there 's red .
te	O	People say I love you all the time , and it doesn 't mean anything too serious .
te	I	She should be outraged and he 'd withheld the truth from her .
te	I	His face turned a bright patchy red and the owner 's eyes widened .
te	O	I want him to say that he loves me , but I won 't ever make him give me that .
te	O	I stared him down , but he met my gaze , one corner of his mouth tipped into a charmingly lopsided smile .
te	O	I always knew that dating a cop would be worrisome , but I never quite realized how much .
te	I	I snuggled closer and he kissed my forehead .
te	O	I let her , because it felt so good and anything feeling good was a bonus at that point .
te	O	I glance back at the bed , and a traitorous voice at the back of my mind wants him to wake up .
te	O	Luthor follows quickly , but we 've got enough of a head start that we make it to the crowded entrance hall before he reaches us .
te	O	I 'll have to sweep the same areas all over again , but what I 'm concerned about is the look on his face .
te	O	His arms were folded , and his forehead was furrowed , as if he was deep in thought .
te	I	How shocked you would be if I told you the truth , but you are now a fine man .
te	I	His lower lip juts forth and his eyes are too close .
te	I	They 'll be more hesitant to attack , and burn away the stuff they intended to use for the war .
te	I	I was buying time but I still had no idea how to get out of there .
te	I	The Perpetual Storm made it darker in the outer swamp than any night , but it was day out .
te	O	It felt as if the city had been emptied and everyone had been handed over to that Giant Nicholls .
te	O	Their eyes met , and he knew she wasn 't about to let him leave .
te	O	The idea of lying to her brother was repellent , but the idea of him rejecting her was even more repellent .
te	O	They had built a midday fire to ward off the chill and the next order of business was for the entire group to gather around it .
te	O	The blast sent him flying into the air , and when he landed , his stomach was lying beside him on the floor .
te	O	Her eyes have narrowed to slits and her hands are on her hips .
te	I	Theirs was going to be one of the shortest divorces on record , but Marianna might not know it yet .
te	I	At the same time I was desperately afraid that they would , but I prayed for them to stop , to leave me alone .
te	I	None of it mattered , but again , the scoffs followed .
te	O	He said something , and I got ready to run .
te	O	There 's a tie hanging loosely around his neck , and his fingers move to knot it .
te	O	Once in position , he sort of dropped on top of her , and he enjoyed the sound of air abruptly shoved out of her lungs .
te	I	The snow sifting through pine needles made her think of dust in an empty house and she called again , repeatedly , until the noises faded .
te	I	There was no answer , but he waited in silence .
te	O	If I didn 't kill her , she 'd take care of the job herself , and I owed her more than that .
te	O	We offered them hospitality , and you do this ?
te	O	His eyebrows were thin but their dark color made them appear thicker than they were .
te	I	I hated seeing that girl cry , and it would just make her cry .
te	O	I struggled to move away from them , but it hurt to even try to roll .
te	I	By hurting our bodies , it touched our soul , and our souls were what made us who we were .
te	I	She looked up at me , and I switched the blender on .
te	I	He wasn 't interested and I talked to Ray about some other things .
te	O	The tub was half-full of water , and several foot-long trout swam in circles in it .
te	I	It wasn 't , but I wished it was enough for me .
te	O	I can see Ty standing next to my truck waiting on me , but I stop to find out what she wants .
te	O	She was trying to avoid marriage to him , after all , and surely she would see that breaking the contract would be grounds to end it .
te	O	Her eyes looked even bigger with kohl around them and she looked really tired -- kind of haggard .
te	I	She knew nothing more , and her face slammed into the tiled floor .
te	O	You could have saved me some trouble ... but on the other hand , her blood was very sweet .
te	I	He 'd do whatever the hell he had to do - In order to survive , but it wouldn 't be much of a weapon .
te	O	Henry fell silent , and I consoled myself with the fact that telling the truth wouldn 't make any difference .
te	O	It was more than I deserved and a twinge of guilt flashed through me .
te	O	All of that changed when she heard a knock on her door , and Lea answered .
te	I	He helped catch the rustlers , and recently I told your father .
te	O	Crossing the river would only slow him down and he feared dying with an arrow in his body like his other friends .
te	I	The rest her body craved continued to elude her , but she 'd tried to sleep countless times .
te	I	I look at Mara as I say it , but my father thinks I 'm speaking to him .
te	O	The 1st Platoon commander had been killed and Ghost was effectively running the platoon now .
te	I	We knew what to do soon after we got to our destination , and mostly it was fine .
te	O	The rear door to the house burst open and immediately Jeff had at least four rifles pointed at him .
te	O	Karin asked more questions but Gaia didn 't listen .
te	O	It was a body and the rope was around its neck .
te	O	I thought he was doing the same thing , but he had always been the touchy type , something I loved about him .
te	I	I doubted they 'd want to tango with me again , and I probably didn 't have anything to fear from them , really .
te	I	She loves you , and she is out there .
te	I	They both turned simultaneously to look at the cabin of his old friend , and Mikhail raised stricken eyes to Gregori 's pale ones .
te	O	My ears are ringing with his words , but I can 't believe Cole did it .
te	I	She could hear no more movement below , and the homeless man had stopped beckoning her .
te	O	Kaitlyn opened her mouth to say something - and her hand began to cramp .
te	O	You know I do that , but you push me anyway .
te	O	His smile reached all the way to his eyes , and I shoved my nervous energy aside before smiling back .
te	O	I care about my family , but I feel like I don 't fit in like everyone else .
te	O	The world turned white , and then it turned dark as I drifted peacefully away .
te	I	Her anticipated arrival was soothing to her wondering soul , but the man 's deep voice rattled recklessly her empty stomach .
te	I	I wasn 't afraid and he was in control .
te	O	My temper was rising and it wasn 't Dee who deserved my wrath .
te	I	She felt that surge of excitement she 'd always felt when he touched her and he brushed her cheek with his hand .
te	O	I grabbed Michelle by the arm and we ducked behind a parked car .
te	O	It was almost painful , but she didn 't mind .
te	O	His face was pale , and he was deeply frowning .
te	O	She explains and I glance at Ella , who is asleep , lying against my chest .
te	I	Burnett stared out and the window lowered .
te	O	He wasn 't sure if she included herself in the everybody and he sure didn 't feel like he deserved any gratitude right now .
te	I	In that moment , she was glad she 'd agreed to go , but she didn 't know what the trip held for either of them .
te	O	The curve of her backside pointed in his direction , and her shorts rode up to expose paler crescents of flesh beneath the ragged hem .
te	O	He turned when he saw her enter , and he turned off the TV .
te	O	It was a tight squeeze but the couple sat together in the back leaving the passenger front seat empty .
te	O	Pain licks along my nerve endings , and I try to scream .
te	O	Mud puddles were everywhere , and the flood had crept to within thirty feet of the barn .
te	O	It 's me and a different Quinton I wish I could meet , the one from before the accident .
te	O	The cop 's hands were on her shoulders and his forehead rested against hers .
te	I	She couldn 't go back to Whiskey Creek , but Cheyenne might be willing to stand by her .
te	I	She wasn 't , but she knew she should be happy .
te	O	I thought she 'd been really interested , but maybe she just wanted to mess around .
te	I	Autumn felt her heart clutch and he stroked Abby 's cheek .
te	I	The sudden fireball claimed my attention for a few costly seconds , and the car behind us did .
te	I	The magic of the enchanter had long ceased to exist , and maybe it was his own self-pity that enchanted him .
te	I	He 's looking at me like he can read me like an open book , but he nods .
te	O	Though she had been unaware of it , tension had begun to creep into her limbs , but the sight of the path loosened the anxiety .
te	O	Balthazar hated the process of starting over , but he could do it when he had to .
te	I	I wasn 't going down without a fight , but I was terrified that I was going to die .
te	O	The man had told her to run , but he hadn 't said where .
te	I	Hey , I 'm a New Yorker , but yes , I 'm stupid , I know .
te	I	He pulled me closer but I tried to wrench out of his grip .
te	I	Outside was very bright , thanks to the snow cover , and the sun was well up .
te	O	My eyes sting , but I can 't spare a hand to swipe at them .
te	I	I could see that he was tense , but Rock smiled .
te	I	The children kept up , putting their hands in his pockets to check for something to eat but he walked fast , his stride long .
te	I	It 's got two shafts , but it 's a little rickety .
te	I	Zeke walks with me to get a drink of water and I stand up .
te	O	I didn 't want to do this , but I couldn 't see a way out .
te	O	No words had been spoken , but Gordian 's freedom was granted .
te	I	Pa would have it no other way , but everyone of us hated it .
te	I	Unless she could shift , she never would , and she wanted to know Colin as a wolf .
te	I	I have a fedora fetish and I 'm Aaron Blaylock .
te	O	He turned to me and the seriousness faded slightly .
te	O	I told the superintendent , but he seems resigned to having those nasty weeds sticking up through the marble chips .
te	O	My legs wrap around his waist and he carries me into another room .
te	O	I wasn 't even there , but I heard that bell nonetheless .
te	O	He seemed familiar , but she couldn 't quite place him .
te	O	Rain soaked her , but she remained still .
te	I	I end up under water more times than I can count and I am never completely successful in dunking him on my own .
te	O	Neither had been hurt and their camaraderie obviously remained .
te	O	I started to reach for her elbow , but she shot me a supersonic death glare .
te	O	He 'd worked much longer hours in the past , but now the days seemed longer than they ever had .
te	O	Her whole body shook with the force of it and she drew blood when she bit into his chest .
te	I	The numerical advantage of the company pressing up from behind was not going to help and the space was confined .
te	I	Her sword burst into flame as she began cutting her way free of the mist beasts , and the Queen spun madly in place .
te	I	His eyes were freaking smoldering again , moving between mine with what felt like violent concentration , and he wore a very serious expression .
te	O	At first , I hadn 't planned on taking the deal , but Hank had forced my hand .
te	I	Together they moved toward the stairs , and he turned off the downstairs lights .
te	O	Kathy had abused Isaac for weeks and James hadn 't done one thing to stop her .
te	O	He turned to flee the room , but the door behind him was locked .
te	O	She 'd suspected that the gown had been her mother 's , but she hadn 't been certain until now .
te	I	For a change he wasn 't lying , and he assured her that he had all the people he knew trying to find Betsy .
te	O	I doubted anything would rouse the slumbering Zeal , but my little rebellion made me feel better .
te	O	Five hundred paces , and His Majesty 's troop still a thousand paces behind .
te	I	We managed to sneak in without paying for a period of two weeks and Security at our new home was pretty lenient .
te	I	The blind began to lower , and he flipped a switch on the wall .
te	O	I needed a break and I had to do something else .
te	I	She wanders off on one of her research projects or of course I have to remind her what she 's doing .
te	O	She 'd mentally prepared what she planned to say , but now with him here the words wouldn 't come .
te	I	Jason nodded to Kane before we headed to the jet , and we climbed out .
te	I	She closed the door by a movement of her arm and Mia sat slowly down on the floor .
te	I	I hadn 't even noticed , and he was so hard down there , inside his pants !
te	I	I had the sense that this identity is also male , perhaps a little younger than the protector , but the appearance was very brief .
te	I	It 's always seemed to me that trout are the most challenging , but there are other kinds of fish in the world , of course .
te	O	The motion sensors have fired , and he appears to be moving .
te	O	He said nothing , but I felt his censure just the same .
te	O	They wore the clothing without regard for size , and most pieces were so tight they had torn .
te	I	I did not know what to say and the quiet moment continued between us .
te	O	He 'd built a fire in the metal pit off to the side , and some heat wafted her way .
te	I	It was a near thing , but he wasn 't knocked over .
te	I	I shiver and Knox chuckles .
te	I	He didn 't pull away , but too familiar , he thought .
te	I	She didn 't break his gaze , but her wrist ached dully in his grip .
te	O	Perhaps it was , but she was a different Miriam from the one he knew .
te	O	Her mouth fell open , and then she snapped it shut .
te	I	Once I started laughing , everyone else did , and I couldn 't hold my laughter in anymore .
te	O	She ensured she had a good grip on the reins and her feet were properly in place .
te	O	He searched her eyes , and she had to nod .
te	O	She looked around her , but the room was empty .
te	O	He shook his head and she felt her heart squeeze tighter .
te	O	You know that feeling you get when someone stares at you , and it 's almost like you have no clothes on at all ?
te	O	She felt him grow thicker and she tried to pull away .
te	O	Even though they could not see , it felt like they were level to Rei but his pilot 's instincts told him not to trust his senses .
te	O	When his lips move closer to my mouth I go to turn my head , but he pulls away .
te	O	Bernard was the only one permitted to touch Leopold 's tome , and he knew his life was forfeit should anything happen to it .
te	I	Stocks would drop , and if they couldn 't pass for a real couple , it would be deemed a publicity stunt .
te	I	He fell to the ground and I stepped out of his line of attack .
te	O	He had told her that in bed , and she had asked him to trust her .
te	I	He lifted the face shield and Roth 's head whipped around .
te	I	Nicholas ' voice is as real as it gets , but my head is packed with darkness .
te	O	Seth dipped his head once , and I wished I was able to growl .
te	I	He was thoroughly enjoying this break from pasta , and the seafood was incredible .
te	O	The bridge did seem solid , and it couldn 't hurt to try he supposed .
te	I	He could probably have got a job there , and the thought of serving as a minor functionary in some British colony had its appeal .
te	I	The path of right will have been nearly forgotten , and Power , in this time , will mean everything .
te	O	A look passed between them , and Scribe 's pale face seemed to darken as though flushed .
te	O	There were whispers , and they were right .
te	O	I was a human , and Lucas was a Were .
te	I	That is nothing in comparison , but I run track at school .
te	I	Vickie offered her a seat on one of the large , red sofas and the two of them gathered in the living room .
te	O	I thought for a moment I would give way to tears , but I used all my strength not to do it .
te	I	A shudder went through me , and I felt as seedy as my dad in that moment .
te	I	He stood over her already , but she moved to get up .
te	I	She ignored it , but it vibrated again .
te	I	He flinched slightly , and I slammed my fist down on the table .
te	I	Motionless cars were blocking both lanes , and all the traffic lights were out .
te	O	I told you that you could do anything you wanted , but I must insist that you eat normal meals .
te	O	Her heart stopped and her fingers went cold .
te	O	The bedroom had a balcony attached to it and the robot was standing beneath the stars sending short beams of light upward .
te	O	They proved to be adept students , and in a few hours they were able to fire the guns with a high degree of accuracy .
te	I	His empathy didn 't pick up on anything potentially dangerous and she was easy going .
te	I	His vision swam and his legs wobbled .
te	O	Julia let out another yell and I ran over to her .
te	I	Most of that could be done online , but she still had to finish qualifying as a nurse practitioner .
te	I	For the first time there seemed to be more pep in his step and his brother twirled around .
te	O	I suck in my breath at the endearment , and Brand smirks .
te	O	Anna tried to stop herself from asking , but her curiosity got the better of her .
te	I	His eyes were sad , but he smiled .
te	O	Her mouth was dry , but she took one shaky step forward .
te	O	Wiggles called , and he wants us to meet York at the park .
te	I	Streams of sunlight still showed through the curtains , but it was pretty dark in here .
te	O	She listened for the sound of drops inside the room , but the rain against the tin roof drowned out everything .
te	O	He could wipe the floor with you , if he wanted to , but he doesn 't need to fight to prove he 's a man .
te	I	There is already a person in the way , but I try to slam the wooden panel closed .
te	I	Plenty of reasons for me to stay , and there was no reason for me to go home .
te	O	The weather was brutal , but he kept going .
te	I	My breath caught , and I approached evermore .
te	O	Ken was going to give the overview and Chris was to get into the detail .
te	I	Suddenly the party was back on and everyone standing near the table laughed .
te	I	The few businesses that had bothered staying open appeared to be empty , and no cars sped down the streets .
te	O	A coldness descended upon us and I glanced furtively around .
te	I	This time he didn 't care , but as he hurried away , he heard the men laughing again .
te	I	They were all empty , but frowning , Hanna clicked on some of the other folders within the server .
te	I	She had brought a man of power with her , and the other witch was in town .
te	I	Clare will thank me for it at length , and I shall split them up .
te	O	Matthew 's torch was in his hand then , and he waved it at the conflagration .
te	O	Immediately the quarterback 's labored breathing became easier , and color returned to his face .
te	O	Another stream of curse words flew out of Taylor 's mouth but this time they were aimed at the door .
te	I	He glared at me and his eyes flew open .
te	O	This could only end badly , and it woke Brand totally out of any drunkenness the mead had granted him .
te	O	Mr. Wong signaled the engine room for reverse engines and the ship inched out into the Hudson River .
te	O	His lips were in a taut , tight line , and his eyes were a gunmetal gray .
te	I	I knew he wanted to be alone , but I wanted to go comfort him .
te	I	In this case , beauty told no falsehood ; but certainly his handsome face aided the favourable impression .
te	I	The rope was far too short to reach the frozen river below , but he threw the bundle out .
te	O	She was my best friend , after al , and we were always brushing up against each other .
te	I	She could see that it had left a bloody gash , and then the spike was wrenched back out of her arm .
te	I	Plumes of smoke filled the air and turning around , in the far distance , the whole damn building was falling apart .
te	I	She would be damned before she let him bear the full burden , but she might not be able to get out of this on her own .
te	O	She reckoned it was the temple thing but she could swear Regan heard them too .
te	I	He had wasted Spider 's money on a wild goose chase , and his father was as dead as roadkill .
te	O	It 's there , and it will tell us where the Stones are hidden .
te	O	Her body was tense , but it was always tense .
te	O	Those vandalized rooms are still taped off , but the military police have already processed everything .
te	O	The campus was huge , and I spent nearly an hour walking around before I found the car I wanted .
te	I	She smiled apologetically at James , and Helen 's face brightened .
te	I	She expertly checked out the rigging and the mate handed her a pole .
te	O	Stars began to dance around the periphery of her vision , and she teetered backward , grabbing gear on the sled for balance .
te	I	They were still there , throwing real punches in their fake uniforms and I rode back to the pretend stop line .
te	I	It all made sense giving what our parents taught us but this may all seem a little too much .
te	I	I certainly have mine , but Chloe may have her intentions .
te	O	Jake had never given him a hard time , but Ted had always avoided him like the plague .
te	I	When he finished his song , he pulled her up on the stage with him , and he had a beautiful voice .
te	O	The man struggled to try to pull himself into the boat , but he was too late .
te	I	None would budge but he pushed on some of them .
te	I	I was helpless where she was concerned and there were so many things she 'd wanted to know .
te	O	Ty 's reasoning made perfect sense , but the trustee shook his head .
te	I	Her hand was shaking hard , but she tried to scroll through her numbers casually .
te	I	Her long hair fell loose around her shoulders , and she no longer wore her braids .
te	O	Hours went by , and I learned more about Daemon .
te	O	I was the person no one wanted to see , and when I did run across the rare mortal on the surface , they all fled .
te	O	I went out aiming to have sex , and instead I ended up in the Emergency Room .
te	O	I should have known this wasn 't going to be easy , but it had to be done .
te	I	I reminded myself daily that he loved me , but the guilt of Jace would never leave me .
te	O	They had clearly lost their fighting spirit and the remains of their cavalry took to their heels .
te	O	We launched and for weeks I watched blue-and-white streaked Terra shrink as it grew more distant .
te	O	They went inside , and Simon closed the door .
te	I	It only dropped him to his knees , but the blow should have killed him instantly .
te	O	Trying to follow his tracks through the snow , my eyes watered , and the salt in the tears exacerbated the sting .
te	O	I asked and he squatted down in front of me .
te	I	Her shoulders hitched as she dragged in a deeper breath and Kat 's lashes fluttered .
te	O	The sleeves will cover your arms and you 'll blend better .
te	O	The carriage could not navigate amongst the boulders and those aboard needed to walk the last mile .
te	I	Bella got Rocky Mountain Fever a couple months ago , but I don 't know if you heard .
te	I	He didn 't budge , but she pushed at him .
te	O	The thumping sounded again , and the line fell quiet .
te	O	A sour expression probably sours the blood , and everybody knows that sour blood makes one 's face break out .
te	I	She wound the window down to speak and he shut the door .
te	O	A bit rough for the cart , but you won 't be troubled by that if you 're walking .
te	I	He couldn 't picture the specifics of his time spent with Rose and his memory was suddenly fuzzy .
te	I	She didn 't seem to notice as she slid into the car , but the realization brought his feelings of anger to the surface once more .
te	I	I can provide the funds for the voyage , and you will need money to travel to Scotland .
te	I	I was severely outnumbered , but I started to struggle .
te	I	He tastes blood in his mouth and his head is pounding from the knockout blow .
te	I	His teeth were red and he smiled .
te	I	Kaspar remained rigid , but I loosened .
te	O	They ranged from adults to small children and all of them were staring at her intently with wary eyes .
te	I	He stopped talking and his voice broke .
te	I	You had no explanation as to why , and they left you .
te	I	Working late on Saturday hadn 't , but the extra money had been pleasant .
te	I	Our units there are resisting and there is currently an engagement occurring near the landing site .
te	I	I shivered in my flimsy silk dress , and the heat of his breath reminded me just how cold it was in the ballroom .
te	I	His tears dampened her hair , and he wrapped his arms around her tightly .
te	I	I shifted on my feet , and Shame bit at my skin .
te	O	He may be hard to crack in the emotions department , but I saw the way he lit up around you .
te	O	It was not often that he could break me , and it brought him the greatest satisfaction when he did .
te	I	His smile grew crooked , and he raised an eyebrow .
te	I	I let him take my hand this time and he sat up .
te	O	I will not beg for my life , and I will definitely not court like an oversexed gorilla in the woods .
te	O	My jaw just about hits the floor , but I smash my lips together to conceal my shock .
te	O	He hadn 't smoked anything in years , and he never smoked cigarettes .
te	O	I called to tell him about my father 's message , but he wasn 't home .
te	I	I crashed to the ground disc in hand and the field let go .
te	I	She blinked them back , afraid her eyelashes would fall off and she felt tears rising .
te	O	Julian watched her now , as she was sleeping , and he was stroking her hand .
te	O	The mood lightened with the news and we all talked more .
te	O	He had sounded exhausted and she really wouldn 't blame him if he canceled coming this evening .
te	I	She looks up when Five speaks , but six 's brow was knit in consternation when I first entered .
te	O	I didn 't have a lot of space to prime my arm , but I was a supernatural , after all .
te	I	It turns out he wasn 't doing the game this year , but I was looking forward to John Madden 's Turkey Leg awards .
te	O	We will get this sorted out , but I must go back this weekend .
te	I	She didn 't care , but maybe this made her stupid .
te	I	He wanted me and I had turned him on .
te	I	He looked down into the abyss , and it parted abruptly .
te	I	It was permanent , and it was real .
te	O	Her spirits lifted as she hummed along , and things were only going to get better .
te	I	You haven 't been to Wrigley in , what , two years , and you get splotchy in the sun ?
te	I	She felt as though she couldn 't breathe , but she wasn 't sure what was taking over .
te	O	His fingers dug into my arm , but I didn 't say a word .
te	O	I was in youth group and I used to love playing the games with the other kids .
te	I	I giggled softly , but I tried not to laugh .
te	I	No safe choices remain for her , but I lament sending her into danger .
te	I	That was all this was , and he knew coincidences happened all the time .
te	I	It started with no problem , and in the end he simply inserted the key , turned it .
te	I	Though she rarely blushed , she thought she was indeed turning red , and she laughed .
te	O	My eyes settle on him at last and I decide not to fight it .
te	I	She was not capable of lining her words and the recent shock had stripped her soul bare .
te	O	At first , she didn 't think anything had happened , but then she felt another one of those waves wash over her .
te	I	Now the two are wrapped by a cocoon of light hiding them completely , but Victoria watches the scene carefully .
te	I	You would be wrong , but you would think that a hundred years would be long enough to get what you want .
te	O	Her artfully blond hair took years off her age and her relatively unlined face was as pretty as ever .
te	O	He walked away and I let him .
te	O	I 'm young and I want friends .
te	I	Artists had their work displayed and everywhere I looked musicians performed .
te	O	She reached for her bag , but Franco held it out of reach .
te	O	He waves his hand to spin a torrent of fire around her , but again , it does not touch her skin .
te	O	The doors of the van slammed open and we spilled out onto the asphalt .
te	I	He never shuts up about it , and his board is his most prized possession .
te	I	He led her out from the room , and Reece placed her arm in his .
te	O	I 'd never been a fan of winter , but today I understood why so many liked it .
te	I	Plants held flowers that inspired romance , and shimmering rocks supported strategically placed vines .
te	I	For now I can only focus on the fact that I saw it , but God , it 's too late in more than one way .
te	O	There was a little bit of mud splattered on the bottom of it , but everything else was in perfect condition .
te	O	She almost choked on those last words , and she had to stop .
te	I	Sebastian need to leave immediately and jericho you .
te	O	Misha angled toward shore , and a dock appeared out of the mist .
te	O	He had promised Rodin he wouldn 't try to see Elena , but he hadn 't promised not to visit her in her dreams .
te	I	Hannah had an answer for that , too , but Gabe thought Brent had a pretty good point .
te	I	It existed in the molecular structure of silver , and he discovered the secret to containing his creations .
te	I	Instead I felt skeptical , but I should have felt excited .
te	O	Tomorrow , her life would start over and she would be a new person .
te	I	I figured she 'd done this many times before , and she was all business , no doubt about that .
te	O	It was warm against my flesh , and he watched with a perverse fascination .
te	O	Tears of agony trickled down her plump cheeks , and she bit her lower lip to stifle a sob .
te	O	Lloyd had put Rebecca in the hospital twice , and she deserved some happiness now that the man who 'd used her was gone .
te	O	That last comment was unfair , but I 'd address it later .
te	I	He was perhaps a bit too fond of dark brown ale and he had never been fond of physical labor .
te	O	I just can 't be bothered to act interested anymore , and then finally I tell him I don 't want to go out anymore .
te	I	Marlon joked about behind her and * * * Pandora gazed across the lake , deep in thought as James .
te	I	She 'd felt his loss to the marrow of her bones , and he 'd been a loving man with a zest for life .
te	O	He was pretty nervous , to tell you the truth , but I don 't think it had much to do with Jim .
te	I	She knew she had their undivided attention , and they all returned their gaze to her .
te	O	Redshirt gave all three of us girls a big grin , but his brown eyes lit up when they met with Kimberly 's .
te	O	It wasn 't often he used his Ferrari to turn a woman 's head , but he knew it was the weapon of choice for this one .
te	I	There ´ s just too many but I try to take their hands off me .
te	O	Her teeth were safely sheathed in her closed mouth at that point , but I was not going to give her any reason to arm herself .
te	I	They found the horse in good condition and the walk required about half an hour .
te	I	As the picture of the devastation inside replayed in his head , he lost the brief struggle , but he almost kept his breakfast down .
te	O	You will never know them , but sometimes you decide to trust them .
te	I	The creature dropped a hundred feet in altitude and she tugged on the reins of her griffon .
te	I	My heart was beating a thousand times too fast and my smile turned upside down .
te	O	We were his whole world , and no one would ever hurt his sisters .
te	I	I learned that I had to accept help if I wanted to get well , but it was a painful lesson .
te	I	I was tempted to let it take its course without me , and I had an ominous sense of the way the night was going .
te	I	His account dovetailed with Edmund 's just without the religious shadings , but I wasn 't altogether sure whether I believed him .
te	O	There was a bar where I assumed the stables used to be , and it was in full use right now .
te	O	He spouts equations like you and I might spout soup recipes .
te	O	He may not have earned a living in combat , but he knew what weapons he could use in a situation like this .
te	O	By then his father had been slain and his sister taken by invaders .
te	O	They pretend they want to protect her , keep her prophecies from being exploited by the unscrupulous , but I think they 're actually into extortion .
te	I	Nobody helped him to find his lost red T-shirt , but Raj asked every member of our house , desperately .
te	I	The thug dropped to the ground , and he drove the end of the cane into Goon A 's neck .
te	I	The screen flickered to life , and Leah pressed the power button .
te	O	That seemed uncharitable to Lily , but I would not let my pique peak .
te	O	He sees Anthony shaking his head and Jacob quickly corrects himself .
te	O	He tried to make himself sound soothing but the rifle definitely spoiled the effect .
te	I	The feeling of the carpet against my cheek disappeared and Pain screamed through me .
te	O	Peter insisted on being the rear guard , just in case , but the true reason was that his arthritis was acting up today .
te	I	He squinted at me through the window , confusion contorting his face and Harry 's head shot up .
te	O	She tried to rest as best she could , once they were there , but the constant , surging flutter of the city made it problematic .
te	I	I wasn 't going for one of my knives , but McAllister tensed .
te	I	The glance she threw his way held more than a hint of nervousness , and Noelle was still with the director .
te	I	I shake it and Mrs. Z holds out her hand .
te	O	It indicated momentous news but it seemed to have a few thorns in it as well .
te	I	It would almost double over the next few weeks , and later reports would verify that the loss in human life was already several times that figure .
te	O	Her life would be forever changed and maybe that was a good thing .
te	O	Rage shook Gabe 's voice , and the vein in his temple looked ready to burst .
te	O	She then handed him her shoes and with another good toss , they also landed safely on dry ground .
te	O	I don 't know what we can do , but we 'll figure something out .
te	I	She cut off his protest with a sharp shake of her head , but his accusing stare felt hot .
te	I	She knelt beside Dougal , but Misty 's head spun .
te	I	Steve found a new visitor to Old Forks Road Lodge , as he had renamed the property and * Summer came with the school holidays .
te	I	He won 't see Burke hanged but Culver figures you 're all guilty .
te	O	His face lit up , and she saw the shadow of a memory move behind his eyes .
te	O	I asked Gabriel , already knowing the answer but unable to believe the audacity .
te	O	The difference was that while in the past those demons wanted her to fall for someone but she never did .
te	O	Something about the sound of the footsteps made me think that it would be the Black Knight himself , and I wasn 't disappointed .
te	I	It sounds believable , but I have no way of knowing if this is true .
te	O	I ask her what is wrong , but she doesn 't answer me .
te	O	I forced a smile , but nothing about his features softened .
te	I	Then she ought to let them take the lead in everything else , but she ought to be able to back them up on the street .
te	O	He grinned and she knew she 'd dug herself in deep .
te	I	The weight on him disappeared , and he heard a whimper .
te	I	Time seemed to be dragging , but I didn 't know how many hours had passed since we 'd been on the roof .
te	O	Roland wouldn 't admit as much in mixed company , but I knew the comment pleased him .
te	I	I needed to be there for him and he was getting a pacemaker .
te	I	His eyes still looked sad but he smiled .
te	I	He wanted to shout them and the words came to him now .
te	I	My feelings for her never went away , but I might not have shown my love the way I should have .
te	I	It sounded good - and I was playing faster than my usual tempo , throwing in a few licks , vibrato , some nifty transitional phrases .
te	I	Then I came up with a solution , and I fumed about it for a while .
te	O	If anything , he 'd wanted to get as far away from them as possible , but a similar position in a mortal company was impossible .
te	I	It stemmed the pain , for now at least , but it wasn 't exactly the most glamorous thing in the world .
te	O	She met his eyes defiantly , but there was pain there too .
te	I	We knew they would not touch us with their weapons and when we closed our eyes our minds touched .
te	I	Her insides curled with a rush of pleasure and she caught a whiff of his masculine scent .
te	I	Hart opened the front door with his key , and the town coach rumbled away .
te	I	Lydia called him back , but Sid at first followed .
te	I	That doesn 't mean she 's guaranteed to succeed , but I know she 'll try to kill me .
te	O	The number wasn 't blocked , but even if it was that wouldn 't be a guarantee .
te	O	She smiled back at him , but for some reason , she knew she didn 't feel as happy as he obviously did .
te	O	The games were in two days , but I only cared about one thing .
te	O	I raised my fist to pound again , but the bartender suddenly appeared in the hallway .
te	O	Abby rolled her eyes , but she did the same .
te	I	This is Carlos , and I 'm Tony .
te	O	I just finished it , and I 'm going to give it to Sophie 's physicians .
te	O	I shouted , and she jumped .
te	I	Her head exploded with pain again and a foot swung into her vision .
te	I	Kim sends her to the back porch , but Dixie tries to hop over the fence .
te	I	I hate it , and my jaw quivers .
te	I	That was much as anyone could expect from him , but far a little pleasant even for him .
te	O	The news would then turn out to be false , and Sugden would double his money in a single morning .
te	O	Jack 's mood seemed to lighten by having them around and I was grateful that they could give him that distraction .
te	I	I knew what she was thinking , and Cora made a face .
te	O	she asked and he grinned .
te	O	Some children never have a chance , but a few have it all .
te	O	He didn 't often swear in front of his girls , but Tessa was not as sensitive as their other two daughters .
te	I	One of them had ridden back to fetch her and his two companions had assumed Hugh would want her .
te	O	A hallway led farther back into the building , and a kitchen could be seen beyond the stone counter .
te	I	Before he could speak , Olivia was hauling him out of her way but Shane lifted a brow .
te	O	A moment later he sets me down on dry ground and I wait for my brain to catch up with the rest of my body .
te	I	When I did , I turned with a smile , sizing her up , and it took me about half a second to notice her .
te	O	The attack on his sister cut something inside of him loose , and he has been out of control ever since .
te	O	He takes Henry by the hand , and all three disappear into the cabin .
te	I	He allowed her to change the subject , but she could tell he wanted to press the issue .
te	O	A greater power does resist us and I will not bow to her .
te	O	The darkness offered no solutions and in the end , he contented himself with holding her close .
te	I	This time , he was in no mood to stand in line , and the crowd was far too reminiscent of his experience at Wesley 's .
te	I	It 'll be a huge amount of it , but certainly I can give you vampire medicines instead .
te	I	The door to the garage was wide open and the lean-to shed still hadn 't collapsed in a heap .
te	O	Ryder didn 't try to stop him , but he did grab for Sabine when she tried to go after her brother .
te	I	You 'll be in a world of hurt come graduation time , or you 've got four years to start getting a portfolio of pieces together .
te	I	He only tasted mothballs but Chris opened his mouth to speak .
te	O	She rested her chin on a fist and her eyes glittered .
te	I	His two assistants had vanished , but Winston scanned the hallway .
te	O	Nina looked troubled , but Jason was unfazed .
te	O	It could take all day to find that spoon and I wouldn 't care .
te	I	It was open to the sports page and a news paper was on the table .
te	O	Yeah , he was hot but it was clear that he was a player .
te	I	I wait patiently until it is cooked all the way through before starting the feast , but the rich aroma sets my mouth watering .
te	I	This year of 1893 was just as perfect as perfect could get and it was a beautiful June day .
te	O	His lands had been violated and he picked up the pace .
te	O	Maybe you don 't know this about Indigo , but she has kind of hazel eyes .
te	I	No questions asked , and dump you off .
te	I	She pulls it down demurely and the dress rides up her thighs .
te	O	Hank stood across from me , and we both drank our troubles away .
te	I	I registered concern , and they were large .
te	I	Nothing struck me as having passwords and I skimmed through the file structure .
te	I	Her stomach was quivering with desire and he brought his lips back down to hers .
te	I	She felt as if the whole world was disappearing from her and her forehead was already beading with sweat .
te	I	Yet I insisted I was important , and he devalued me , debased me .
te	I	Sam comes to stand beside me , and Paul does the same with Friday .
te	O	Xavier wasn 't saying a word and David felt that something was up .
te	I	Her cheek is a little swollen and her auburn hair is matted .
te	I	Then the purest darkness , and the last thing he remembered seeing was a flash of light .
te	O	Things would look different to him after a night 's sleep , and we could go looking for Brower together .
te	I	It loaded in slow motion and he clicked the tab .
te	I	Nolen pulled the Mage up to it , and as instructed , servants laid a large pillow beside the throne .
te	O	You can only push the truth down for so long , and then it bubbles back up .
te	I	Her stomach plunged at the recognition and she looked towards the red car .
te	O	The tears threatened to fall , and I couldn 't stop them .
te	O	I 'm not sure why it touched me so , but it did .
te	I	That could be the effect of the sedative , but she was colder to the touch than a normal human being .
te	O	You transform me in some sort of hellish creature against my will and you pretend me to come back here ?
te	O	I think he was dying to get the weight off his chest , and he also wanted to know if I thought Frannie should be told .
te	I	I pulled him down , and Nic made a move to get up .
te	I	They were the best six months of his life , and he 'd been married to Allie for six months .
te	O	I shook my head but she quickly cut me off again .
te	I	I haven 't heard from him since and he 'd already left town by the time I got there .
te	I	Jane eyed it as if it contained a snake , and he tossed it between them as he got in .
te	I	No one , no one touched the cubs , and experiments on Shifters were forbidden now .
te	O	The wolf in their assailant was very strong and Dimitri caught the scent stamped into the roof .
te	I	His face was growing a deepening shade of red , but the man was silent .
te	I	I nearly jumped out of my skin , and there was a knock at the door .
te	O	Illumination brightened a new window , and a moment later they heard locks being unfastened .
te	O	Alec 's lips moved , but no sound came out .
te	O	They were her family , but seen from the outside .
te	I	It doesn 't worry me this time , but she lets out another moan .
te	O	They were helpless against the onslaught , and it was only the river that finally arrested the charge .
te	I	He was sleeping in it now and he 'd made his bed .
te	I	She blamed fatigue , but the hug he gave her in return wasn 't as enthusiastic as she would have liked .
te	I	He returned the smile and Amy smiled at Chris .
te	I	It was there , but it was faint .
te	I	It 's not 100 % , but I don 't know either .
te	I	Moreover , guilt at disobeying Maura was finally beginning to weigh on her , and the problem was that she was running distinctly low on money .
te	O	My stomach turns and the lights suddenly seem too bright .
te	I	I follow , but my wobbly knees will barely carry me .
te	I	Eric 's chest tightened , and Reese giggled with Heather .
te	I	Basic kindness prevented her , but Momma Oaks twisted her mouth like she had something to say .
te	I	She 'd never forgiven him and he said he 'd taken sides with the boy during this blow-up period .
te	O	◊ ◊ ◊ ◊ ◊ The rain was still falling and the wind was still blowing when I left the house that morning .
te	O	She shoved him , and he stumbled back .
te	O	Darkness has fallen again and we have found a cave , nestled in some trees at the bottom of a large stony hill .
te	I	When he rolled over he found the other side of his bed empty , but CHAPTER SEVEN Eliot Eliot woke up earlier than the sun .
te	I	Each man 's world immediately turned from darkness to various shades of green , and Liam passed around the NVG 's .
te	I	My guess is that they are still undiscovered and it has only been just over 24 hours .
te	I	She decided to keep it to herself , for now but she wanted to tell Taylor that she had dreamed about the guy again .
te	I	She wanted to keep it that way , and they hadn 't met again since that night .
te	O	The sensitive hearing was back , and this time she was grateful .
te	O	Her adrenaline level was subsiding and she felt able to get up .
te	O	She was too honest to deny it , but words would not come .
te	I	Neil wondered idly how long he had been unconscious on the white beach , and the stripes moved across his face .
te	O	The tiny hairs on the back of my neck rose , and my heart leaped into my throat .
te	O	Bastian 's eyebrows raised and the hint of a hopeful smile crossed his lips .
te	O	She offered me the bottle , but I waved her off .
te	I	Her crew followed her and she moved away from the angel .
te	I	Any inappropriate behavior will get you sent home immediately , and you are a reflection of this cruise line .
te	I	The lettering was quite large and the sign was hand painted .
te	I	The others followed me , and not wanting to inconvenience our host , I ran .
te	O	A key unlocked the door and she opened her eyes slowly .
te	O	Jay 's head spun , and she sat down abruptly .
te	O	His pupils are dilated and he 's clearly excited by me .
te	O	Zoey wasn 't prepared and it made her look very irresponsible .
te	O	All the demons in the audience visibly cringed , and some of them ducked .
te	O	he challenged , and I winced as he finally said the word .
te	I	Jeff stopped him , but Randy turned to leave .
te	I	It 's impossible to wear a piece when Elle 's around but I walk forward , silently kicking myself that I 'm unarmed right now .
te	O	They even took it around the edge near the hull but there was no exit to be seen .
te	I	Consistently skirted Bosco 's efforts to collect and one guy owed him $ 450 for nearly a year .
te	O	It wasn 't much but it was a start .
te	O	He was blackmailed by you , but it was Davis who provided the letters .
te	I	I wonder if it has anything to do with Raffaele 's energy this time , and my heart thrills again at that .
te	I	He nods , as if he could hear my unspoken question and my eyes meet his .
te	O	I 've seen humans do it a thousand times , and vampires are no different when it comes to this .
te	I	Will , with a sigh of something like defeat , kissed her , and she said .
te	O	His name is Sean and he 's a barista .
te	O	Father chose to call it vanity , and that also started an ongoing argument .
te	O	It would be a little sore , but it was still sound .
te	O	Practical Katy still lived inside me , and she wasn 't happy with what I 'd done .
te	I	Carly had maintained the right , but not that most brides didn 't wear white regardless .
te	I	I can 't stop it and my entire body is trembling .
te	I	He had a number of established routines , but Fallon was not exactly a creature of habit .
te	O	His black eyes slid over a group of women , and then Lucian said something to distract him .
te	I	She didn 't , but she wished she could say it .
te	O	He did not say a word , and Anna closed the door quickly .
te	I	I could hear my heart thudding , and silence choked the air .
te	I	We hurried after her , catching up to Trevor , and I handed the bear to Alexander .
te	O	I 've crashed snow skiing pretty hard , and I know the body doesn 't like to make those sort of sounds .
te	I	There was nothing to see , but he watched a while longer .
te	O	Elizabeth 's chin quivered , and one side of her mouth was drawn in as if she were chewing on the inside of her lip .
te	O	I 'll be in London for most of next week , so please don 't skip out on New York again just to avoid me .
te	O	Tourist season was about to begin and even that couldn 't ruin the ruins .
te	I	We 're not going to happen or he 's either going to be true to me .
te	O	Angelique stared at Lucky with a smirk , and I knew that she thought Lucky was beneath her .
te	O	Rigel just radiated energy in general and I was bizarrely attuned to it .
te	O	Every few minutes he looked at his watch , but he didn 't say anything .
te	I	It looked really good , but I hated to admit it .
te	O	My arms trembled with the effort to hold myself up , but I would not let go until I had an answer .
te	O	I want to wait to hear the autopsy results , but I tend to agree .
te	O	There was no changing their minds , and he knew that they were right .
te	I	For a moment , she completely lost her breath , and everything inside her went still .
te	I	I 'm going to learn , but what I don 't know is how to be in a relationship .
te	O	Math is not one of my best subjects , and I was counting up on my fingers to make sure I had it right .
te	O	We can go shopping , but I 'm not buying a wedding dress .
te	I	I slapped his hand away and he made an attempt to embrace me .
te	I	Mara could easily get the attention of her former pack , but the rest of the scouts were dead .
te	O	Fellows ' eyes flickered , but he went on remorselessly .
te	I	I were meant to meet , to comfort each other and I guess you .
te	I	I couldn 't blink them away , and veils of pink mist were gathering before my eyes .
te	O	I think she really wants to turn her life around , but I also think it 's a nasty cycle .
te	O	I felt my backbone grind into the hard seat and I gritted my teeth .
te	I	It didn 't seem to affect him , but the cave was a hundred times lighter than it had been .
te	O	Zeus stepped into the bottom of the bowl behind her and they walked together toward the table .
te	I	The walls were too close on either side of me , and the room was much smaller than it should be .
te	O	I motioned for him to stop moving so my steadier hands could fix his tie as he zipped his fly , and I tried fixing his hair .
te	O	Another blazing torch is mounted on the wall and the heat burning off it only offers my body more discomfort .
te	O	Her voice was lighter and I breathed a sigh of relief .
te	I	Her light was off and her door was closed .
te	O	I couldn 't see her anymore , but I had no trouble hearing her .
te	I	The others simply laughed , but Natalie blinked in surprise .
te	O	He looked amused and she looked annoyed .
te	I	She deliberately took a few calming breaths to steady herself , and Jaxon 's heart was pounding now .
te	I	It was a tight fit , and Tyler tucked in next to her very pregnant sister .
te	O	The little girl 's arms were tight around Cecilia 's neck , and she buried her face in Cecilia 's shoulder .
te	O	The door opened easily and they walked in .
te	I	I 'd never have this or I 'm glad I survived .
te	I	He was faster it seemed , but I was fast .
te	O	His eyes glared down at me , and I could feel the warmth of his body against my skin .
te	O	He falls into a woman behind him , and then her boyfriend starts swinging .
te	O	I had been living on more than I earned for as long as I could remember and it was starting to interfere with my sleep .
te	I	He wanted colour and he wanted brightness .
te	I	After a while , she closed her eyes , but the candle light relaxed her .
te	O	I know I sound harsh , but I can 't help it .
te	O	His fingers clawed at the tight hold Devon had upon him , but Devon 's grip did not lessen .
te	I	When she didn 't elaborate any further , he eventually chose to draw his own conclusion , but he seemed momentarily confused .
te	I	I really don 't want to get into an argument with her in the middle of the town square , but my mother kept me from him .
te	I	James backed up , sword still to Charlotte 's throat , and the gates opened .
te	O	It always coincided with my lungs closing up and me struggling to breathe .
te	O	I wanted her to be happy , and she was .
te	I	She is not well , but now she looks the same age .
te	I	Sarah wasn 't able to use enough of her senses to make sense of it and it was happening too quickly .
te	O	It should have been against the foundation , but it seemed as if something lay beyond .
te	O	Her nervousness slowly dwindled away and she began to remember things about him from high school .
te	I	They looked like they were asleep , but it is hard to tell with ghosts .
te	O	The house is sold , but I just can 't find anybody who can afford my baby .
te	O	Leslie squeezed her tight and Carla gripped her hand .
te	O	You 've let your emotions die because of Amanda , and you need to accept the fact that her death wasn 't your fault .
te	O	She is definitely communicating with him in some way , but it didn 't look like she was speaking .
te	I	The girl was gone , but the hat was there .
te	I	I glance down at my wrist , thinking about how easy I break myself and I think about how breakable she is .
te	I	He continues , and I nod .
te	O	Her voice wobbled , and she fought so hard to keep it from betraying her , from showing feelings she could not confess .
te	O	Most moms didn 't want help with rent , and most teenagers had never heard of moms who did .
te	O	He didn 't want to fight with his daughter , but he was more than willing to enlighten his Queen .
te	O	A flash at the muzzle , a slow easing of his last breath , and he is gone .
te	O	Beth 's eyes swept to the open window , and Jessica groaned inside .
te	I	As far as Anne Marie was concerned Tim had done quite enough , but she nodded .
te	O	The rain was driving down and the wind was whipping through the trees .
te	I	I steady the light on him , and Ezra emerges from the water with a loud splash .
te	I	I was not quite sure what to expect once we opened the door and my heart was racing .
te	O	I knew the demons would be on me as soon as they could , but I was prepared to keep fighting my way out .
te	I	The moment I saw you at our party I knew I had to have you , but I can 't explain it .
te	O	I wrap my legs around his waist and our foreheads are still meshed together .
te	I	No other man , not even long-time lovers , had ever found , but something that had always been there .
te	O	I 'd seen him have fits of writer 's block when we dated , but it never lasted more than a few days .
te	O	Edna helped Jeremy to his feet , and by using her as a crutch he was able to hobble along .
te	I	Through it all , Ethan 's monitor keeps on , and a phone rings down the hallway , voices sound , muffled .
te	I	The cold air makes me shiver and his hands slip from my body .
te	O	Luna 's eyes widened and her mouth watered .
te	O	He could still make it out alive ; but there wasn 't much time .
te	O	There was no reaction on the other end , and I felt suddenly awkward .
te	O	None of the adults looked at her directly , but she could feel them studying her out of the corners of their eyes .
te	O	The day 's weariness was taking its toll , and I couldn 't muster any more encouraging words .
te	I	Reyes didn 't care , but a crowd gathered quickly .
te	I	Herself had opened it but the door creaked loudly , making her wonder how long it had been since anyone .
te	O	She starts shaking her head , telling me not to worry , but that 's precisely the problem .
te	O	It was Saturday night and the place was crowded .
te	I	He has his answer and it immediately focuses back on him .
te	O	Within minutes his stomach started to gurgle and he couldn 't stop salivating .
te	O	He stepped aside and she strode past .
te	I	A bright light shone through the curtains , and the rumble built to a deep roar .
te	I	There was no doubt I 'd touched a nerve , but it was gone almost as soon as it arrived .
te	I	I don 't , but I really wish I did .
te	O	A sticky label was affixed to its surface , but it was blank .
te	I	Instant relief showed on her face and she smiled when she saw me .
te	I	Awareness shot through him on contact with her warm , satiny skin , and Rand snagged her arm when she walked past him .
te	O	The lone wolf pivoted , and his sword blocked hers .
te	O	It made me feel comfortable and in a place I liked .
te	O	His hand curls around the back of my neck and he jerks me forward to meet him halfway .
te	O	His mother was still talking , saying something ... her voice droned on , but he couldn 't listen .
te	O	I need a few more days and I 'll be able to shake her off .
te	O	All that remained was the eye test , and that would be no problem .
te	I	I had chosen the easy path and he had given me the choice .
te	O	Their armor offered some protection , but it was far from perfect .
te	I	She kept drinking , but it burned her tongue .
te	O	Two looked frightened , and two looked defensive .
te	I	I heard Natalie came home from work , just as I was preparing to go out and as I prepared to leave , the front door opened .
te	I	We would never separate again and I had my brother .
te	I	She gives me a hug and I nod .
te	I	That was common enough with my work phone , but it was a number I didn 't recognize .
te	O	She prepared to try again , but she did not have time .
te	O	Memories flooded her , and her eyes filled .
te	O	He knew how badly she hated to lose , but she 'd never let him see her cry .
te	O	My temper was getting the most of me , yet I couldn 't help feeling miserable .
te	I	They didn 't help , but the doctors prescribed antibiotics .
te	O	He wore a pinkie ring on his right hand and the fingers of his left hand kept tugging at the gold .
te	O	He spun me around , my back now against the wall and I saw him for the first time .
te	O	We have run out of water , and I 'm not sure what we are going to do about that .
te	O	I support you and I know you can solve this issue .
te	O	A smattering of gunfire rings out , but it 's clear the guards are firing at random .
te	I	She leaned even closer to Charles for protection , but she knew it wasn 't directed at her .
te	O	I started to get up , but a hand curled around my wrist .
te	O	He made a grunting sound as I jumped to my feet , and I turned to stare him in the face .
te	O	I would get over it , or it would own me .
te	O	They hurt , but my curiosity heals them , as if they had never been there before .
te	O	Their voices rose from time to time when they laughed , but even then they were careful not to laugh too loud .
te	I	She had the knife , and I was back in the woods .
te	O	I know what you look like and you know what I look like .
te	I	She had made good money in her profession , and she had inherited funds from her mother .
te	I	You just knew it would be sharp , and it gleamed in the bright moonlight .
te	I	I held my pose , but it came at last .
te	I	Max didn 't think much of his writing ability but the guy was full of glib lip .
te	O	The door closed behind them and Lucien turned to the woman .
te	O	For a moment his vision blurred and he blinked rapidly to clear it .
te	I	She was biting her lower lip , and her cheeks were streaked with tears .
te	O	He would have given anything for it never to have happened , but since it did , he felt to know all of it .
te	O	My eyelids dropped and I struggled to keep the tears at bay .
te	O	She felt the warrior 's grasp on her tighten , and she knew he was prepared to carry her out of there if she delayed another second .
te	I	At this point I am willing to do anything to make her happy , and I can 't stand it when she 's sad .
te	I	She realized his face was wet too , and he leaned his head into her palm , his hair tickling her knuckles .
te	O	It 's nearly five in the morning , and I know we 'll have to move soon if we want to stay ahead of the roadblocks .
te	I	We didn 't touch him ¨ C no good interfering with Her , but she 'd forgotten him , maybe .
te	O	He was angry and she had no idea why .
te	O	She hadn 't had a new style in years , and she was tired of looking the same every day .
te	O	I hated when people started throwing around titles , but he continued speaking before I could go off on him about it .
te	I	The water on the lady 's bucket was almost full , and this did not help ease his worry !
te	O	She was almost sixty years old and she felt as if her lungs were exploding .
te	I	Without her knowing it she pulled it up her thigh driving me crazy and her fingers played idly with the hem of her patterned dress .
te	O	I didn 't ask questions and she didn 't give answers .
te	I	Taking names and kicking ass .
te	O	There it is tied to a stump , and we 're at the bottom .
te	I	This would all be over , and he only had to lie to his wife one more time .
te	I	A couple of combs held her hair back from her face , and she now wore a knit fabric dress the color of dark wine .
te	O	The charges for the Lamborghini had been reversed and the statement showed a ' zero ' balance .
te	O	Lady Katherine gasped in horror but Duke Henry was less credulous .
te	O	Only minutes ago they 'd shared a blinding closeness , and now they were no more than awkward Sylvia Day - Bad Boys Ahoy !
te	O	Vincent nodded towards his brother , and I looked over to Jared , who was staring at me with a defensive look .
te	O	He keeps pulling the trigger but he 's out of rounds .
te	I	I wondered if I could hug Stone and a wave of relief washed through me .
te	I	She knew her lips were still twitching , but she managed to get control of her laughter .
te	O	Sitting on top of him like that was strange , but my body liked it .
te	I	I felt I could run forever to get away from this place , but I was exhausted .
te	O	The couch was too narrow , too confining and they tumbled to the floor .
te	O	Her eyes widened a little , but she didn 't jerk away .
te	I	The doors opened with a hiss , and the bus pulled over .
te	I	I was back in the present moment and my smile turned stern .
te	I	I shrugged a shoulder , readjusting my shades and her words cut through the fog of testosterone .
te	O	The pain in her jaw was diminishing rapidly and this helped Sophia concentrate on him .
te	O	Tomorrow I might have a new handler to face , or at the very least , I 'll have to face my parents .
te	O	Her mouth fell open and I turned back around before mine could do the same .
te	I	The pilot came into the cabin , and the door of the cockpit opened .
te	I	She shook her head and her face turned pink .
te	O	The mage directed his staff at the fires the bolts had started and they were extinguished by a magical freeze ray .
te	O	I kissed him back and we touched each other .
te	I	We had nowhere to go that was safe , but I was thankful that she was without injury .
te	I	It shadows , and it misleads .
te	I	I wouldn 't want them to worry , and they were expecting me home this evening .
te	I	Her voice went flat , and her gaze locked on to the binder in my lap .
te	I	Then you chucked the ball easily five feet over your brother 's head , and I knew this because you first spied the girls coming your way .
te	I	I 've got people working on it but we still haven 't gotten the information off of the cube disk .
te	I	They are organized and they can communicate .
te	O	I wanted to meet him , but he left before I knew it .
te	O	It might not kill them , but it would definitely alert me to their attempt to escape .
te	O	I didn 't understand why he even wanted to make this work , but it didn 't matter .
te	O	Victoria 's cheeks were flushed , and there were two perfect punctures in her neck .
te	I	It was easier now that the house was warm again , but I was still uncomfortable talking about it .
te	O	It all reminded him of Bonnie ... but Bonnie hadn 't been so terribly hurt .
te	I	She couldn 't help it , but she knew she was overreacting .
te	O	I had copied down some titles from my internet search , but none of them seemed to be in the catalogue .
te	O	Following his and Daisy 's experiences that morning it would have been good to know that she was okay .
te	I	I wasn 't about to second-guess them , and NASA decided 4km was the safe distance .
te	O	I took off running , not really sure which way to go , but knowing I couldn 't stay here .
te	O	I got the impression you were under his skin and he was under yours , big-time .
te	I	Caroline went back to work , and maris smoothed her expression .
te	I	It 's more than we had before , but odds are still not in our favor .
te	O	My blood was still singing from whatever we did , and I couldn 't help noticing how my skin glowed .
te	O	Chien 's mouth went dry and his heart hammered .
te	O	I moved slowly , reluctant to wake Kiernan , but his eyes flashed open at once .
te	O	Frank had sensed that Howard knew he was in the right , but the VP of Operations still wanted his head on a platter .
te	I	I want to go to bed , and I 'm tired .
te	O	The Grays will teach us how to better balance our use of the Earth 's resources , but they are meant for us to use .
te	O	Serena turns to find Ervin , but her eyes land on Kai .
te	I	Several hidden behind the upturned frame , and by now there were workers all around the car .
te	I	Instead of throwing only the monster into the water he rolled off the edge himself as well , and he misjudged his position on the dock .
te	I	At the same time I also started to excel in my classes , but I was treated with a little more respect after that article .
te	I	The ground is still wet , but thankfully the rain has stopped .
te	I	She knew he understood , but was all she could say .
te	O	All his stuff was there , but the man himself was gone .
te	O	We had thirty , but one has been missing for a while .
te	I	Obviously this was headed in that direction , but it had never dawned on Dax before how AI could become a political football .
te	I	While she closed the door he looked into the living room and he walked in .
te	I	It will be swift and there will be retribution .
te	I	I would 've calmed down eventually , but I freaked .
te	I	He could still sense me , but he might not be able to read my thoughts thanks to the strength of my shields .
te	I	Everything was almost okay , and Sam knew what was going on .
te	I	Even as he touched her , she lowered the sword , letting it slide toward the ground , and her gaze tracked downward .
te	I	It was a trip worth making , but she hated to see him go .
te	I	There were no birds , no distant sound of the ocean , and the wind had died .
te	O	He sat in front of me , pulling me down and we stretched out our legs , pushing our feet together .
te	I	They left , and I did .
te	I	I faced him fully , and dark shadows drifted over the Arum 's shoulder .
te	O	I almost told him , but I was too afraid .
te	O	She knew it was his favorite and she made sure the house was never out of the stuff .
te	O	He was so good with Justin , but Justin was ten , almost eleven .
te	I	I nodded , and she asked .
te	I	The man staggered to the side with another grunt and Maddox landed a hard blow to Aeron 's cheek .
te	I	I experienced a moment of pure ecstasy , and my hands slid from the roof tops , completely useless .
te	I	Rohr had veto power which could not be overridden , but the plaintiff 's trial council was a democratic body to a point .
te	I	His dominant nature compelled him to call her on it , and she had inadvertently issued a challenge .
te	I	There won 't be a divorce and he 's dead .
te	O	Under normal circumstances , she might have realized that the woman was Mamma Valerius , but the pounding in her head left no room for anything else .
te	I	Eli could see everyone 's reflection in the portal mirror and the portal began to hum slightly .
te	I	It had been flattened by her hat , but her hair wasn 't sticking up every which way .
te	O	Frostburg is relatively new , and its facilities are nicer than most public high schools .
te	O	I tried to keep him happy , but it wasn 't enough .
te	O	Josh fell to his knees in pain and John stood above him still clamping down like a vice on his shoulder .
te	O	I couldn 't escape you and I didn 't want to .
te	O	She could not speak , but it was the answer in her expression which encouraged him further .
te	O	She lifted her hand to wave him off , but that only enabled him to push the door wide enough to squeeze past her .
te	I	I wanted what was underneath that towel , but his towel still hung across his hips .
te	I	His voice told her plenty about his current mood , but from the doorway she could only see his profile .
te	O	Most of Eva 's peers were now parents , and he didn 't know any of the children .
te	I	Under the circumstances I wasn 't surprised he 'd got it but I hadn 't given him my number .
te	O	The pulsating leg was hard to move , but it wasn 't impossible to walk .
te	I	I feel like hitting him with my gun and we glare at each other .
te	I	Tabitha became increasingly worried , but the soldiers began to cheer .
te	O	There was no way to hide her belly now and Anna took pride in it .
te	O	That chance still exists though , and I need to protect it .
te	O	His statement was offensive but she let it go .
te	O	Bria opened her mouth to protest , but I shook my head at her .
te	O	I was still reeling over Leif being in my house and Gee was yelling curse words while she searched every corner .
te	O	An entire swath of forest was sickened and dying , trees twisted into strange metal parodies .
te	I	It certainly wasn 't rude , but it wasn 't a welcoming voice .
te	O	I couldn 't see his face , but I could almost feel him smile .
te	I	She 'd not seen Daren to ask , and she didn 't know how many days had passed since her captivity .
te	I	Interest burned through his gaze now , but his expression had been void of emotion when he 'd entered the room .
te	O	The tall evergreens of the Yew Land surrounded us , and the Otherworld 's familiar road was beneath us .
te	I	My mind flew open to her and that connection thing happened suddenly .
te	I	Charles repaid her memory by ignoring Timothy 's magical birthright , and her only child had died giving birth to his son .
te	I	Echo marveled at their vastness and she stretched her wings again .
te	I	I can 't imagine what it is , but something seems to click in his mind .
te	I	She breathed deep of the raw air , gathering herself to follow , and the rest of him vanished .
te	O	Drive faster , I want to say , but then , actually , I don 't .
te	I	I realized she had been doing it on purpose and she grinned at me as I moved her foot .
te	O	My parents may have wanted nothing to do with me , but I couldn 't abandon them .
te	O	The door closed and I felt the coach rock as he climbed aboard .
te	O	I peeked over the seat , and yep , it was Sean .
te	I	No light went on inside , and there was no answer .
te	O	My legs were still around him and I could feel him inside me .
te	O	He glanced back down the hall , but to his surprise Sarah had vanished .
te	O	She moaned and he rolled her on top of him , never breaking the connection between them .
te	O	My zipper 's caught and I can 't get it loose .
te	I	There is nothing we can do about it and we are still descending .
te	O	I frowned as he left and I shook my head .
te	O	When he smiled , she could see no signs of his incisors , but it didn 't stop a small shiver from running down her spine .
te	O	Other improprieties began to fill his thoughts , but these were not his own .
te	O	The boar had tusks now , small curling things , but I wasn 't afraid .
te	I	I held my baby close to me , and a foul odor fil ed the room .
te	I	Her head hurt so bad she started to cry , and she couldn 't move .
te	O	Another set of breakers is rolling in , and Nick starts to yell from the shore .
te	I	He 's not squeezing them tight enough to make it hurt but he 's got a hold of both of my arms now .
te	I	They stepped in and she opened the elevator door .
te	I	There was a layer of hard muscle beneath , but her skin felt silky soft beneath his fingers .
te	I	I 'm not going to , but I could tell you things that would keep you up at night .
te	O	CHAPTER FIFTEEN SECRET PACT Suddenly , there was no snow falling , and the raw winds subsided .
te	I	My imagination is in hyperdrive and no one is stalking me .
te	O	The children are extremely excited when I tell them everyone is returning , but I see the worry in their eyes when I mention New York .
te	I	She wanted to , but she didn 't have the courage to walk over to him .
te	O	Liam drifted closer , and everyone was silent as they waited for Zane to connect the pieces .
te	I	In that moment he didn 't know what to do , but he was a man who took action .
te	I	Her soft mouth pressed a kiss over his heart , and the hem of his shirt dragged along his ribs .
te	I	There was really only one way to do that , and I wanted to see it firsthand .
te	O	I already talked it over with Grandma and she wants me here .
te	O	I tried to gather my energy enough to lift the wallet , but my thoughts were scattered , laced with images of Jacob falling to his death .
te	I	I can tell this is a welcome distraction she has been searching for and her face lights up .
te	O	Bernard straightened , and Amara had to force her fingers to move away from him .
te	O	The door of the stall opened and Darren grinned at her as she slipped inside .
te	I	I 'd rather lose my tail forever than lose her and I love your daughter .
te	O	It was just frustrating , and I was beyond tired .
te	I	I can see it all on her face but she doesn 't say anything .
te	O	I didn 't know what they 'd done , but I should have .
te	I	The hem fell almost to my knees and the sleeves were inches past my fingertips .
te	I	I remember the night my father died , but most of my human memories had faded .
te	I	He falls backwards and she throws her arms around Ben .
te	I	She really pulled through , but Vanessa was scared at first .
te	I	I turn to look at him , and Logan punches me in the arm .
te	O	She could hardly believe the size of those buildings , or the mass of ships docked in front of them .
te	O	I 'll make sure you own it and all the legal work is done properly .
te	O	Renton asked if he would like some chocolate and the smile returned .
te	O	His hand stilled and he laughed softly .
te	I	He intended that it should stay there , and it was out in the open now .
te	I	She was smiling back at me tenderly and I looked over at Robin , who had sat up as well .
te	O	I didn 't want to admit it , but after tonight I have to face it .
te	O	Once he was sure he was safe , he dismissed the lava and it sunk into the ground like water .
te	O	There were exceptions for everything , and so far , my experiences in two existences had both proven exceptional .
te	O	For a fleeting moment , there was a hint of surprise in Lucifer 's eyes , but it was gone as quickly as it had come .
te	I	He 's smiling at me but Brendan claps Winston on the shoulder .
te	I	Byron turned , then froze at what he saw , and they were looking at the opening to the building .
te	O	Holding her breath was certainly easier , but that came with time limits .
te	O	More lights flare in the cockpit , and a voice crackles on the radio .
te	I	Although she held her head high , her gaze refused to meet his , but she sat , her back as rigid as his own .
te	I	It was doing things to her and that guy loved to talk dirty .
te	I	The successful completion is yet to be attained , but the tools seem to be there .
te	I	I rolled over to look at Jason and the movie finally spun to an end .
te	I	Just as Garo warned , he failed , but he had a chance to be the hero .
te	O	In what was obviously a knee-jerk reaction , Caleb nearly leveled him , but Madison managed to catch his arm before he let his fist fly .
te	O	The comforter was bunched in her hand to the side of her , but sometime during their sleep she had burrowed instinctively beneath the soil .
te	I	She didn 't want his help on this , but she couldn 't explain her desire to have him leave .
te	I	It 's churning my stomach , but this is only a possible future .
te	O	Today they got back the final results , that it is breast cancer , and 'cause it 's been there awhile it 's spread some .
te	I	He almost fell and the force of the blow staggered him sideways .
te	O	He was furious about something , but he wouldn 't say what .
te	O	She said something about a short-term arrangement , total BS in his mind , but he would deal with that later .
te	I	Sandy was pleased to devour it and she flung a piece of toast which fell to the floor .
te	O	She fire at it and it advanced on her , seemingly unstoppable .
te	I	For the rest of the night it was like things were normal , and we didn 't bring it up again .
te	I	She sat down hard on the steps and Lydia felt her legs collapsing .
te	I	You wanted security , and you loved him .
te	I	The house fell still and the heat cut off .
te	O	Sal 's grin was almost imperceptible , but Antonia saw it .
te	O	I tried to get up but my legs didn 't cooperate .
te	I	I enjoyed them , and our evening conversations were stimulating .
te	I	Gavin had come prepared , let me tell you and it was a black tie affair .
te	I	Their plan suddenly becomes operational , and he does .
te	I	She jolted awake , slumped in a filthy alley and all of her senses jerked back into action at the same instant .
te	O	He dropped to his knees , reached under the sofa , and a moment later , he offered up a white box .
te	I	He liked his movies , and he 'd said that the magic interfered with television reception .
te	I	He waited restlessly , uneasily , and now it was already 2210 .
te	O	I thought back to the scroll I had in my backpack that the gnomes had carried , and I understood how they had accomplished such a feat .
te	O	The air was cool and trees whispered in the breeze .
te	O	Her dark head streaked with gray lowered and she drew a heavy breath .
te	O	I 'd managed to accept this as a fact of life , and Jude didn 't seem to have a problem with it either .
te	O	When the woman you want to marry walks into your life , you will know it and you will want to be married to her .
te	I	They 'd chosen to follow his career rather than stay in Georgia , and he 'd been offered a job at a design firm .
te	I	Then I saw Luke 's face , but I started to kiss him back .
te	I	He had the distinct feeling it would do no harm , but he hadn 't the slightest idea whether that was the appropriate polite behavior .
te	I	Such protection came with a price , but the shielding protected the beast from the burning light of day .
te	I	Still , there were so many obstacles , but a glimmer of hope penetrated his confusion .
te	O	Understanding filled Simon 's eyes and he nodded .
te	I	I was reluctant to take it off , although the only Selkie I saw here was her , and I knew it protected me .
te	O	In some ways , I could understand my sister 's reluctance , but that didn 't make me feel any better .
te	I	They took turns shaking it and he stuck out his hand .
te	I	Our weapons are superior to yours and I have at my command a Starship with the capability to destroy this planet .
te	O	Vin nodded , and the serving man led them to a small table near the center of the hallway .
te	O	That 's always been Olaf 's job , but he recently taught me his torture methods .
te	I	The flame moved with it and she waved her hand around .
te	I	Her womb clenched and her heart did a curious melting as her stomach flipped .
te	I	Marcella shot him a look , but Ray started to correct him .
te	I	The thought of her disappearing made him feel desperate , but he touched her thoughts , an invasion of privacy .
te	I	It 's beginning to lose its charm , and now she 's used to it .
te	I	He nods in return and I glance at Edson .
te	O	The bathroom door opened and surprise of all surprises Kenna Lee walked in .
te	I	Everything began turning to liquid inside me , and Sebastian stroked me with a slow , rhythmic motion .
te	I	He had her son , but she ached to run .
te	O	She wanted to believe , wanted it more than anything , but she would remain hesitant until official word had been received .
te	I	You will find yourself in a catacomb with the first Christians and hit the button to clothe you in the costume of those times .
te	I	Her elder brother , Wilson , had shortened it to J. J. , which had naturally become Jay , but her parents had called her Janet Jean .
te	I	They disappeared in the house and Bella took Noah 's hand .
te	I	In the second round , he was tossed only halfway into the ride , and the next bull sensed his tension .
te	O	Tears filling her eyes , and she gasped , clutching her mother 's necklace .
te	I	She stared at it again , and Noel dropped the necklace back to her chest .
te	I	My pulse quickened and he came closer .
te	O	His arms are crossed , and he has tucked his chin to his chest .
te	I	Mama 's little ornaments were stuffed down the sides of the suitcase and Mother 's Day cards Molly had made .
te	O	He winked and she smiled in return .
te	I	For a second , I was struck by how much he reminded me of myself , and his blue eyes so much like mine stared at me .
te	O	I sat down panting and he sat next to me wearing that infuriating , bemused expression .
te	O	Reid came too close to our side the other day , and you know how much this sucks !
te	I	He only chuckles , but I 'm expecting him to bring up the car rebuild he wants me to do .
te	O	Maybe it was just more lies , but it offered some comfort when the world was all uncertainty .
te	I	I found the stairs leading up to the second floor and I deliberated on which room would be my primary objective .
te	I	He thought that Jan Johnston , the state trooper , was one of the bad guys and he just saw somebody shooting our way .
te	O	It was a pointless question , but I hoped she would answer it .
te	I	He crashed into her , forcing them into the glass wall and she couldn 't stop him .
te	I	She screamed as she came and Pleasure erupted .
te	I	Layton followed and I stood .
te	O	Allie wasn 't sure what kind of reaction she 'd been expecting , but it wasn 't the one she got .
te	O	A hand touched my shoulder , and I spun around , hoping .
te	O	I asked Emily , and a shaky , breathless laugh escaped her .
te	O	We said little during the ride home ; and when we arrived at my modest brownstone home Oliver insisted on walking me to the door .
te	I	His mouth softens into a smile and I watch as his shoulders relax .
te	O	She was attracted to him and yet she didn 't want to be .
te	I	That was just a blur , but it told me its name .
te	I	He knows she is crying and her rounded shoulders are shaking .
te	O	she said , and the fact of his age struck her in a way it hadn 't before .
te	I	She shrugged , and his eyes became hard again .
te	O	Everyone on the set , along with us , began to sing Happy Birthday to him and he looked a bit embarrassed by the attention .
te	O	The receiver fell out of my hand , and I looked up at him with fear in my eyes .
te	O	The taint was on them ... in them , and they carried it with them wherever they went .
te	O	I savored the moment until it was gone and he was snoring .
te	I	Budget cuts made it more difficult to destroy the world evidently and Times changed .
te	O	Recently I wrote about their inexplicable shoe fetish , but this is just the tip of the iceberg .
te	O	I tried to tell myself that I was jumping to conclusions based on incomplete evidence , but I knew .
te	I	Their bond made it at times problematic , but Lina had the ability to tame it .
te	O	She would feed off of that and that would cause her powers to grow .
te	I	Everything else was off , but the tree was right .
te	O	She 'd never been in love before Jordan , and the sexual encounters she 'd indulged in during her days on the street had been meaningless .
te	O	I followed you for six blocks , and I was the one who was conscious .
te	O	My daughter has run away , and I don 't think she wanted to .
te	I	He 'd seen the doubt in the depths of her eyes , but she 'd made an attempt to cover it with a smile .
te	O	He got his coat and since the evening was a mild one we walked to a cozy little upscale bar nearby .
te	I	Mother saw no reason to be concerned , but her safety must always be our first obligation .
te	O	You just had to believe in yourself and everyone else would too .
te	I	She regretted it even though there was nothing she could do , and Steve had to be in serious trouble , really serious .
te	I	His mind stayed focused on the guy across the room , but pulling her close , he wrapped his arms around her .
te	I	Several taller men in the crowd blocked me , but I tried to catch a glimpse of the doorway .
te	O	He was stationed on a planet with no sun , and he had always been fully aware of that fact .
te	I	No words come out , but I scream at the top of my lungs .
te	I	The words melted , but it spoke to me .
te	I	I checked in my bag of clothes after a short queue but I kept hold of my money holdall .
te	I	The Kiwi 's enjoyed their national drink of choice and now it was back .
te	I	Rounds of tequila began , and the beer pitchers emptied .
te	O	Tavi had deliberately ordered a slow pace , but some of the elderly among the prisoners were having trouble even so .
te	O	The front door hung open and Matt rushed in .
te	O	He sighed , and his voice softened .
te	I	He tried to present himself in a better light and Sebastian was always a little nervous when they met .
te	I	That was something I couldn 't allow , and the warlocks could 've harmed humans in an attempt to attack me .
te	I	I fixed my gaze on Paul 's back , trying not to see Martin over his shoulder , and I had to look again now .
te	O	Her sadness was beginning to wear off and now an anger was growing in her .
te	O	The elevator arrived and he stepped inside .
te	O	They waited , and a second later a whizzing sound was heard .
te	O	Canada fell , and the Empire firmly controlled Mexico .
te	I	It came to life , and she touched the screen .
te	I	He was in the game to win , and he now knew what the game was .
te	O	I have made the safeguards , and now it is time .
te	I	As to how that was to be done , they were both clueless , but it was agreed that they should be unified .
te	I	I ran my tongue over my lips , and my eyes closed of their own accord .
te	O	He saw the worry on her face , which she tried to conceal from Hempel , but he knew that face so well .
te	I	They made me face the mirror and they helped me wear the material .
te	I	He hadn 't made the slightest crack in it and eventually Grant realised he was faced with a brick wall .
te	O	The coffee maker beeped and she fixed herself a cup .
te	I	My heart told me that his life that once was , was over , but the shell was still being kept alive by machines .
te	O	It was easy to tell that Alonso was in a bad mood because he was distracted by Lea , but the members never realized it .
te	O	He 'd never let anyone hurt her and that included his brother .
te	O	Something acrid dripped across Nightingale 's face and his stomach heaved .
te	O	She had seen him crying a couple of times alone in his quarters , but he didn 't know that .
te	O	It was small , but it was true .
te	O	That little girl was already spoiled and she wasn 't out of the womb yet .
te	I	She 's not moving to intercept and she 's only a two gunner .
te	O	A gurgling sound came out of Nick 's mouth , and she realized he was choking on his own tongue .
te	I	I didn 't ' spect him to get up anytime soon , and his head hit the ground hard .
te	O	The entire campus knew what happened that weekend at the lake house , but no one ever mentioned it , at least not directly to them .
te	O	Karma had built her rage to the point it had to be released , and telling Fate off wasn 't going to satisfy her need .
te	O	I thought up the gift bag -- I have a wife , unlike Mr. Clark , and I understand the importance of presentation .
te	O	Granted , it was a bit cold , but it was fresh air she was breathing .
te	O	There is only one species because you and I , the Soft Ones , are not really alive .
te	O	A grim light entered Fellows ' eyes then , as the police detective returned , and he outlined his plan to her .
te	O	They had a history dating back from her time teaching English in Japan and she knew Mark from the Tokyo days .
te	O	He spoke the word as if it was a question , but I had the sense he knew exactly what I meant .
te	I	I heard him grunt , and he surged again .
te	I	He had to stay focused , but fear for her stoked brighter .
te	O	It was half a guess , but she was becoming slightly alarmed .
te	I	I refuse to oblige him ' but now when I shove a baton in his ass through my crime reports , he wants to meet me .
te	O	My stomach revolted , and I darted away .
te	O	His fingers tightened on my thigh , and he rocked his hips into mine .
te	O	There was a narrow track leading up the side of the crag , and they rode up it in single file .
te	I	She just wanted to get away , but she 'd been planning to search it extensively .
te	I	People appeared out of nowhere and before Carmine could even think to react , the shadows shifted .
te	O	In this moment of weakness , I wanted to confess all of my secrets , but our kiss , thankfully , was preventing me from talking .
te	I	He sighed inwardly and the hard glimmer returned to her eyes .
te	I	Most of them are pretty good guys , and we 've got chaplains in the army .
te	I	Nothing really came to her mind , but if she 'd thought of an answer , she might have said it .
te	O	Within minutes they were in bed , and the house was quiet .
te	O	Her mouth curved slightly in response , but the action never reached her eyes .
te	O	Night had black yarn wrapped around her fingers and her needles were crossed .
te	I	He would still be arguing with me right now , and the chandelier would not have fallen on his back .
te	O	Couple of fund-raising phone calls to make , but they can wait .
te	I	We all went back to say goodbye to Maria and she left to change in to dry clothes .
te	O	I push against it , but it doesn 't give .
te	O	Something in his voice caused a shiver to take hold and she wrapped her arms tighter around her .
te	O	He searched for anyone who might be connected to the neighboring air base , but he spotted nothing overt .
te	O	She started walking again , but she shook her head .
te	O	She attempted a smile , but her confidence was waning .
te	I	I was already doing the same to them but the ones in front of him turned toward me .
te	O	She did not cry , but Gerald could tell that she wanted to .
te	I	His fingers collapsed on impact with its muscular body , but as he fell backwards he tried to thrust his right hand into the demon 's stomach .
te	I	He was surprisingly gentle with me , but Sebastian Vaughn might be a rich guy who could have his pick of girls .
te	I	Native citizens of Heaven keep outsiders at the bottom of the heap ; and your ' exaltation ' thus remains unchanged unless the Hierarchy 's rearranged .
te	O	He spiraled a finger across the space they shared and bull 's - eyed the palm of his other hand .
te	O	He had a black shirt , with something like a band logo on the front , but I didn 't recognize the band .
te	O	Bret thought about how she 'd looked , with her eye open , staring at him , and he shuddered .
te	O	She tapped her chin , and I held my breath .
te	O	She closed her eyes tightly , but no image of Levi came .
te	I	He dared not say so , yet Dua must surely be mad .
te	O	It was thin , but it was a newspaper .
te	I	We trooped outside and when everyone was ready , Kham opened the rear tailgate .
te	O	The sides were cut deep with finger marks and the three captives ' hands were mud stained .
te	I	He 's not , but I 'd think he was this way with everyone .
te	I	Her parents believed she tried to steal her sister 's husband , but I thought my relationship with my parents sucked .
te	I	Her heart was like being asked to literally choose me over herself or she felt like choosing between her job .
te	I	A large part of the village had been destroyed , but most of the residents had cleared out before the fighting .
te	I	I took him to the dented wall and we walked a little ahead .
te	I	It seemed like years passed , and I awoke from my sleep .
te	I	His next words sounded less harsh , and he struggled to contain his temper .
te	I	It 'll just show weakness but tears wanted to fall .
te	O	I took the head of the one who was still grossing me out , and Kali took the one that she scratched .
te	O	Two minutes have passed and there was no sign of Lea going down any time soon .
te	I	It had been kind of nice to have someone else sharing my old house , and Amelia had been living with me for months .
te	O	It was against their moral code and she didn 't want to see that version of her best friend .
te	I	I took in a slow breath and one of the towers burst into flames .
te	I	Drake grabbed his arm with both hands , and Madoc 's big body started tilting sideways .
te	O	The term attached to us is ' crone ' , and that didn 't set too well with me .
te	I	Her hair hung heavily against the nape of her neck , and damp sand grated between her toes .
te	O	I motion to Logan , and he precedes me out the door .
te	O	Nothing makes me feel better than when I help her , and God knows I can 't stand to see her cry again today .
te	I	I wouldn 't change a second of it and it had all brought us together .
te	I	He 's right outside her door , and it 's a guy .
te	O	It was the truth , but I also didn 't want to tell her about my nightmares .
te	I	He deeply loved his wife and his life was full .
te	I	The evidence of witchcraft put Richard in a rising black mood , but so , there would be no coupe attempted against him today .
te	I	Here I am flirting with Harlin , and I was just out on a date with Abe last night .
te	I	Anna couldn 't look away , and Steven seemed to fill the room .
te	I	It ´ s ... Dante and the door opens .
te	I	He hoped he hadn 't scared her , and he was still holding her against the door .
te	O	To the casual observer his toils would have made for an hilarious scene , but in truth Ryan needed to get some food inside him , fast .
te	O	Joshua dived across the table for the remote , and as he did he knocked Ben 's special bowl of vinegar over , right into my face .
te	O	Parker threw the ball back at Micah and he served again .
te	I	I look right at her and my head falls back in her direction .
te	I	Other pirates had flocked to his side , and after that Kidd 's reputation had grown .
te	O	Heather looked at her companion , and she surely was tired .
te	I	Somehow , her mind wouldn 't focus , but she knew it was there .
te	O	They signaled her to follow them north on it , and she pulled in behind them .
te	I	I got your message and I was just going through some paperwork .
te	O	The man jogged after the car , and soon others joined him .
te	O	I couldn 't imagine how I could repay him , but I would find a way one day .
te	I	Director Sterling was the one who replied , but I addressed the words to Agent Locke .
te	O	The pain fades to a dull ache , and I collapse against my closed door , trying to catch my breath .
te	I	The ride to the station is short , and the bus is cold .
te	I	He turned to Eris and his hands went to his braid .
te	I	They have to all be used , but you can use the equations in any order you wish .
te	I	I 'll never stay with you , but I 'll prefer to die alone .
te	O	I jump and the sound of my own scream wakes me .
te	I	It oddly felt good to think of other things , and the random choice was able to keep my attention .
te	O	I heard it ring late last night when you went to the bathroom to get ready for bed , but I never saw it .
te	O	They rarely were around other Carpathians , but hunted vampires relentlessly .
te	O	They could see his pistol , but he had sprawled too far away for them to reach it with a kick .
te	I	She sent Jacques a little frown of reprimand all the same , but raven liked him all the more for that , felt a bond with him .
te	O	Cayman nodded in agreement , and the fact we all were having a pretty civil conversation was monumental .
te	I	He slowly turned around to watch the wall above him , and all eyes were glued to the two world maps on the wall behind him .
te	I	Though the temperature was in the seventies , the water was not , and it was early December .
te	O	Amy smiled at Chris , and it made his whole world light up .
te	O	I didn 't tell you before , but I 'm involved with someone else .
te	O	His fingers tightened around me a little more and I prepared to yank away my arm .
te	O	My words have caused Sue 's eyes to round like an otter 's , and I sense a change in Wigs 's manner , too .
te	I	Otherwise the house was quiet , but when she reached the lower level , she could hear movement from the library .
te	I	I put the darkness behind me , bathing in the sunlight that streamed into the elevator and we hit the penthouse level .
te	O	One of them approaches me , and another steps up to Tia .
te	O	We kissed and I felt my whole body light up with passion .
te	O	Eddie stumbles back , and then lunges forward , heaving his fists , I suspect , as hard as he can .
te	O	Although the sun was still fairly high , nightfall would inevitably come , and he didn 't want to get caught in the woods after dark .
te	O	She seemed amused by all the talk of angels and UFO 's .
te	O	I 'd momentarily forgotten that when Steve seized Debbie , but now my training reasserted itself .
te	O	Rachel pulls her head off my chest , and her violet eyes have a glaze that shows the extent of her headache .
te	O	He doesn 't like to remember those days , and I haven 't made him tell me .
te	I	You can do your best Michelson impression and Stick in the 60 degree wedge in case you get a nice floppy lie .
te	O	Too much happened , too fast , and it left him feeling paralyzed .
te	I	I want to try , but I 'm not sure I 'm cut out to be a hero like March .
te	I	A disk of interlocking metal polished to a satin smoothness popped up , and the Marshal 's left gauntlet split over the top of his forearm .
te	I	She pushes at my shoulder , turning me toward the door , and I frown .
te	O	There was a sharp cracking sound off to my left and I turned just as Piper made a sound .
te	O	Desperation was clear in my tone , but I couldn 't make it go away .
te	I	Since he 'd met Christa , all that had changed , but they had always gotten along well .
te	I	A nasty , open wound oozed down her left thigh , and a large piece of her jeans had been cut away .
te	I	Each joint was loaded with tools , and the legs each had three joints .
te	O	Pilates had taught me a different way to move , and my muscles had hated me for even attempting it .
te	O	Father 's suffering has finally ended , and now he 's reunited with Mother .
te	O	Caroline couldn 't be sure , but she thought she caught a brief glimpse of despondency in Eddie 's expression .
te	O	There are some people who are out to harm her and I would really appreciate it if you watched out for her .
te	O	I really wanted that connection to point me in the direction from which we 'd come , but instead it led me deeper into the blackness .
te	I	Why didn 't she have a date to the seventh-grade spring social , then , but people were always saying so ?
te	I	He fell like a tree and when he stepped back in surprise her ankle collapsed his leg out from under him .
te	I	I can 't see if I did any permanent harm , but I try to check myself as I did him .
te	O	I try to carry the sleds , but Sean takes them from me .
te	O	Tears build up i n my eyes , but I fight them back , forcefully .
te	I	The molecular integrity of the plating had been chipped , but no visible damage was inflicted .
te	O	The deal was already done , and the devil looked quite pleased .
te	O	I still wasn 't pleased that she killed , and I really wasn 't sure how often she did that .
te	I	Now I was too interested to turn it off , and seeing all this happening firsthand was a humbling experience .
te	O	It is a program that is a part of the pediatric cardiology unit , and it helps transition the young adults into the adult world of cardiology .
te	O	I 'm done with whatever this is , and I 'm getting on with my life .
te	O	My pulse sped up and my hands turned clammy .
te	O	The Pits nearly killed me , and I 've seen things ... differently since I escaped .
te	O	He highly recommends the guy who runs it , and his personal training regimes .
te	O	His legs coiled with savage , splendid suddenness , and he flew across the fire at the other .
te	O	He left them just above her knees , and her legs were trapped as effectively as her arms .
te	I	In the draft , I could smell Nuala 's flowery summer breath strongly , and it was several degrees cooler on the floor .
te	I	Though there was barely enough room to use it , they did it anyway and Jack Wack drove the dilapidated Gremlin into the cave .
te	O	Bishop screamed something at her , and his fangs came down .
te	O	The doctor 's house was on a busy residential street , and people were outside .
te	O	The door closed and upward it went .
te	O	I lied , and my mother smiled .
te	I	If she didn 't find anything , she would resort to tearing the wound apart with her teeth but she didn 't need much .
te	I	The roar of the falls drowned any wails away , but the baby cried against her soaked chest .
te	O	He had on a pair of jeans , and he didn 't move .
te	O	It has been hard on me too , but for them it 's totally different .
te	O	It certainly didn 't make going on any easier , but he had no choice .
te	I	He wouldn 't see her anymore and she stood like a statue , stubbornly , childishly hoping she would disappear .
te	O	I could swear the clouds parted and I know I saw fireworks behind my eyelids .
te	O	Half of the southern legions would come north , and the other half would stay where they were .
te	O	This item had once been home to her and somehow the presumable start to all her problems .
te	I	To James it felt like they were worlds apart , but the distance wasn 't far .
te	O	He could smell it as if it were right next to him , but it was very far , far away .
te	O	I never thought I would hear myself saying this but I believe in this case you are too focussed .
te	I	I 'll get decent money for you , and you 're a pretty girl .
te	I	Finally he started to leave and she tugged on him .
te	O	I might not have been very good at swimming , but I could run .
te	I	I was left with a nothingness and all of my dreams were swept away .
te	I	For the second he was , but his opponent hadn 't been quick enough for that .
te	I	When she asked , their replies had been vague , and Carrie couldn 't figure out what they were doing .
te	O	He gave Abner a list of potential children , and I was one of them because he knew my mom was pregnant with me .
te	I	Noah was getting closer to five and Bella had just turned four .
te	O	Maybe he didn 't realize it but I noticed how he talked to me as if this last month hadn 't happened .
te	O	There was no question of a termination and Carmel 's parents would kill them both .
te	I	Dad was coming to check it out , and I just said there 'd been some trouble .
te	I	No words came , but he opened his mouth as if to begin .
te	I	Every one of them appeared almost instantly and he sent a call to his brothers .
te	O	She had a confidence far above her years and Frank felt a little uneasy being in the room alone with her .
te	O	It wasn 't ruined but it was getting there .
te	O	Relief washed over her at once , but it didn 't slow her pounding heart a whit .
te	I	The hair on the back of my neck stood up , and I suddenly felt cold .
te	O	It twittered joyfully , and Sasha 's jaw dropped .
te	O	He had obviously had a lot of work done , and it had all been of the highest quality .
te	O	She knew it was dangerous , but she would not give up her friend .
te	O	His muscles began filling out , and each day he seemed a little stronger .
te	I	Dying to know what her skin feels like , but I finger the bottom of her sweater , careful not to take this too far .
te	O	She 'd gotten out of the car , and she 'd done the only thing that she could .
te	I	I narrow my eyes at him and Micha chuckles under his breath .
te	I	My heart began to overreact like it always did , and the kiss began much the same as usual Edward was as careful as ever .
te	O	The pain was intense , but it was over quickly .
te	O	They couldn 't understand my life , but they still loved me .
te	O	The soup arrived and Loretta sipped .
te	O	A hand touches my shoulder , but I don 't look up .
te	I	His skin turned blue , and Sable 's eyes bulged .
te	O	I 'm tired all the time , and sleep doesn 't seem to help .
te	O	Something brushed my hand , and I grabbed it .
te	O	Sara told Ella she had gotten rid of her cell phone , and she never wanted another one .
te	O	Their rates are fair for the area and their coffee is quite good .
te	O	That might be other men 's fantasies , but she could tell it wasn 't his .
te	O	A hand gripped my leg and I looked back at Aaron .
te	I	Reed 's enhanced sight had no trouble seeing in the darkness , but the moon was hidden by the canopy of tree leaves above him .
te	O	There was also a row of fancy dresses , but Ava had mercifully kept those to a minimum .
te	I	It was impossible , but she tried to smile .
te	I	I couldn 't bear the thought of a life without you , and you 're my woman .
te	O	I did and you will .
te	O	I bit my lip and he shook his head .
te	I	He said it was okay as he rubbed my knee in the car , that he was glad that I was safe , and I apologized .
te	I	She loved him better than you , and you loved her better than me .
te	O	We 'd recovered Colton , and if he could get the hell out of town , he 'd probably be safe .
te	O	I don 't lie , but I screwed up .
te	O	a man asked and a bullet flew past my head in reply .
te	I	He turned his head at the last moment so that her lips landed on his , but at least , she meant to kiss his cheek .
te	O	We have been working some long hours lately , and I am starting to feel a little fatigued .
te	O	Then we could have the calibration unit fastened to the rock wall out here , and that would regulate the input to the generator .
te	I	Words wouldn 't come , but Simone tried to speak .
te	O	Mara is the one I never knew I was waiting for , and as long as she 'll have me , I will never let her go .
te	O	He 'd tried putting her out of his mind , but no amount of effort seemed to make that possible .
te	O	I smiled back at him , but I wanted to question him .
te	O	I 'm standing here , completely nak * d , and for a moment I 'm too petrified to move .
te	O	I was eye level with the furball , and I could hear the engine roar of his purrs from here .
te	O	It was a promise , and I shook his hand .
te	I	It was coming back to her in spades and she made it her mission throughout his teenage years to make him miserable .
te	I	I 'm busy right now , but I 'd shake your hand .
te	I	I was driven , but I was terrified .
te	O	There is no glory in the world they live in and I was unlucky enough to have got dragged into it .
te	I	He definitely didn 't want to , and he probably couldn 't overcome the protective impulse even if he wanted to .
te	I	She smiled back and he half smiled .
te	I	I showed him my best dead pan and he turned his gaze to only me .
te	I	They also had a nasty habit of dying in them , but people did a lot of living in their bedrooms .
te	O	She used them to get her way with the opposite sex , and it always worked .
te	O	The heavy backpack pulled her off-balance , and she grabbed on to the banister .
te	O	Maybe someday you 'll be okay with opening up to me , and maybe I 'll let you in on a couple of mine .
te	O	His bones are snapped , too many to count , and later I will find out that his lungs are filling up with liquid .
te	I	I 'm not sure how much of it he can actually make out , but he squints at the scene blurring by .
te	I	I 'm in math class again , and it 's nearly a week later .
te	O	The body moves , and I still can 't get up .
te	O	It had a good location and it did well .
te	O	It 's funny I 'd remember that , but it 's all so distinct in my memory .
te	I	We went through it again and Aisling finished with everyone .
te	O	The world needs to come together as one zone , but apparently the government doesn 't agree that at all .
te	I	The other girls did the same , and Alison turned around , rolling her eyes .
te	I	I couldn 't stop , but I knew he hated it when I cried .
te	O	Temptation weakened her , but she shook her head again .
te	O	She raised her hand and he returned the gesture .
te	I	She had found them in the midst of it all by herself , yet it could not be denied that she was afraid of the dark .
te	I	I desperately wanted to know who was hurt , and a pool of red was rapidly forming around them both .
te	O	The corridor split into two halls , and we headed down the right one .
te	I	It served its purpose , but it wasn 't the fun , relaxing experience Surreal had wanted it to be .
te	I	The appropriate services were dispatched and my next call was to 911 .
te	I	I went to play golf and I needed to see you .
te	O	A pleased smirk touched his mouth and he closed the space between us .
te	O	The bell rang and class began .
te	I	He wrapped his arm around my shoulder , and I moved to lie down next to him .
te	I	This time , when she shoved me , I stumbled halfway across the room and her eyes narrowed .
te	O	Their voices were high-pitched , but they were not squeaky .
te	O	My heart sank when I saw the black Cadillac appear , and it was making directly for me , its headlights shining in stark daylight .
te	O	He tried to push himself up , but his muscles failed him .
te	I	The clouds messed with his communications , but he tried to call backup , just in case he didn 't make it out alive .
te	O	Her son was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis , and sometimes I 'd hear her arguing with her crappy HMO insurance company on the phone .
te	I	They still lived on nevertheless , but they were merely whispers now .
te	I	Tara didn 't take notice , yet she walked up behind her .
te	I	The soft yellow glow from the Japanese lantern overhead gave the place a romantic feel , but the view wasn 't much .
te	I	She could smell the desire in me and we had finished the bottle of wine .
te	O	They all knew old Ben , and they respected him .
te	O	Barry had found a comeback an right , and it was a stab to the heart .
te	I	He didn 't resist her aggression either and she was leaning back in to kiss him again before he could say another word .
te	O	He 'd told Sarah once it was a matter of intimidation , but she 'd always thought there was probably a little ego involved .
te	I	I have never taken a foul narcotic into my body but it may be that I have transgressed in my time .
te	O	Her breasts were tender against his hard chest but she didn 't want the feeling to end .
te	I	No power on earth could withstand him and very soon the alliance would be sealed .
te	I	I just wanted to forget it , but I should have told you about the kiss the second it happened .
te	I	She doesn 't answer but she looks at me .
te	I	I don 't plan to let anything make me weak , and I 'm not weak .
te	O	The defendant was the Commonwealth of Virginia , but many others soon joined in .
te	I	Not remotely in the way you 'd expect but her inner demons are slain in a very satisfying conclusion .
te	I	I did have raspberry jam , but I didn 't actually have any syrup .
te	O	Her courage broke then , and she began to weep in hoarse racking sobs that hurt Laurel 's heart .
te	O	Everything was good at that time and they were finally happy once again .
te	I	I never thought it would feel this way but I had seen it in movies .
te	I	Loud male voices announced the arrival of a large group , and the door at the front of the bar crashed open .
te	O	I was safe , and Patch was here .
te	O	Chapter Nine Morgan threw her boot at the door but it fell short of making her feel any better .
te	I	She knew enough to agree with Holiday , but Kylie didn 't know Sky very wel .
te	O	He 'd fed only yesterday , but the urge to drink again pulled at him .
te	I	When the bartender didn 't collect the money right away , Roxy stood to leave , and they each threw a five on the counter .
te	O	I can 't tell by looking out a window , but we must often be travelling at close to light speed .
te	I	His face changed , and the young man looked from Glory to Andrea .
te	O	a voice called from the door way and I dropped the scissors onto the table .
te	O	Dusk was approaching , and from the looks of it , this argument was not going to be resolved anytime soon .
te	I	It really was silly , but she hadn 't meant to .
te	O	She had to get cleaned up , but the body mask would be ruined if she did ... what to do ?
te	I	I could see it , but it was barely detectable .
te	I	She moaned aloud and the thick , bulging pressure hit her at exactly the right point .
te	O	Shed slumped back against the cavern wall , but there was no fight left in him .
te	I	Vlad was right , but I hadn 't asked for this fight .
te	I	There was not a single time he lost and I had seen Edmond in many fights before .
te	O	The green dress was rumpled and really it needed a wash .
te	I	The surroundings weren 't doing much for my mood , and the motion made my headache worse .
te	I	They shared a kiss underneath a beach hut one night , and one of them was a girl called Astra who was smitten with Horace .
te	I	Our connection is broken and he then looks out the window .
te	I	I knew better than to assume things like I did the days before Cromwell ambushed us , but it looked like our escape was now very likely .
te	O	So far , no records of who 's attending , but I 'm still looking .
te	I	There were many questions he wanted to ask , and Frank 's mind was focusing now .
te	O	The colors were certainly not military , and they looked like a bunch of beginner snow skiers in a cable car .
te	O	I wasn 't sure if it was time to tell her Sebastian and Jagger were sequestered in the factory , making a second Coffin Club .
te	O	They had a few common friends and she had a decent sense of humor .
te	O	The fresh sea air blew against my face and I breathed in deeply .
te	I	That was an anathema to us back then , and she believes in change .
te	O	I knew Buddy Gardner and I was still startled by much that is found here .
te	O	She loved that he was so much taller than she was and she was surprised at how comfortable he was to snuggle into .
te	O	The idea was a slap in the face for so many reasons but we agreed looking to explain the disrespect of such a meeting in person .
te	I	She held herself with quiet determination , but she stood a head shorter than I was .
te	I	He had to say something , but the only lie Pigeon could think of sounded pretty lame .
te	I	The rush of pride remained the same but we 'd been together more than once .
te	I	My gut instinct had been right , but he still looked skinny as hell .
te	I	Hers matched it , and his heart pounded .
te	O	Sending the information over a distance was draining and Riordan faltered .
te	O	I was expecting to at least see a dark shape , but all I saw was dark blue water .
te	O	I watched as she fought for an impassive expression , and she rigidly looked me in the eye .
te	I	I felt like telling him not to waste it , and he was turning on the charm .
te	I	Like me , she suddenly became focused on the frayed edges of the couch arm , and she drew in a choked breath .
te	I	As I get closer , I see that he 's trembling and his head is curled low .
te	O	she asked back and I blinked .
te	O	I have never been called a great cook , but I figured it 's the thought that counts .
te	I	At last she realized who was beside her , but she seemed to have trouble focusing on him .
te	I	Ty never mentioned it , so I assumed she hadn 't , but I had no idea if they ever talked about me .
te	O	I need you because I know all about Garcia and there is no way I can do this alone .
te	O	It was late , and there was hardly any traffic .
te	O	When Annie reached the kitchen , Miss Nancy was gone , and she wondered if she would also be present for tea .
te	I	I felt rather than saw him leave , but I wasn 't sure how long I cried .
te	O	She had meant for the words to sound curt , but she must have missed her mark because he chuckled .
te	O	I held one of my hands out and a guard handed me his pair of handcuffs .
te	I	His foot propped up , like he 'd been watching me awhile and his arms were crossed over his chest .
te	O	They all shouted after him , but they heard a crash inside the house , then strong footsteps .
te	O	My eyes widened and he laughed at the look on my face .
te	O	One of the men tried to grab Jeremiah 's arm but the black-clad commando slipped easily from his grasp .
te	I	For my men , spare their lives , but I ask for no mercy for myself .
te	I	I stared at the diamond that lay in my palm , and I hovered in the darkness , my wings beating gently .
te	O	Zach quickly caught up and both looked over the edge of the dock , searching .
te	I	She was only seeing it now , and the email had been sent a few hours earlier in the evening .
te	O	She also remembered the common office joke that old Winter was a clone based on how plastic he seemed , but this was different .
te	O	Heat coursed through her veins , and her temple throbbed .
te	I	She straightened in a snap , and the sound of his voice jolted her .
te	I	It won 't be long before our ride arrives to pick us up , but we can talk more .
te	I	I was never going to find the perfect man , but he wasn 't perfect .
te	I	His brows drew down as he read the page through , and Misty handed it to him .
te	O	Her race did not matter to these people , and she knew that would not change .
te	I	Her eyes were truly terrifying and the woman giggled to herself .
te	I	All seem to feel it , and for it is honesty , understood in that deep historical sense , that is paramount here .
te	I	He said he didn 't even notice , and I even asked Diego if he cared .
te	I	She realized it wasn 't the answer she 'd been hoping for , and her heart tightened .
te	I	She finally gave in to the feeling and the hot sun was lulling her to sleep .
te	O	Because Clayton Reed was back in Davidson and I was prepared for him to blow my world apart ... again .
te	I	A new one started and the song ended .
te	I	The man still held the flames , but it soon disappeared in a puff of smoldering ash .
te	O	She might want to travel , but mostly she wanted to see other worlds like her own while they were still in existence .
te	I	That was enough to drive her into the cold , and the clerk must have asked if there was anything he could help her find .
te	O	The figure stepped forward and the face cleared the shadows .
te	I	He was damned if he didn 't feel himself blushing and a small smile crept across her lips .
te	I	The traps freaked you out and I know the gun safe .
te	O	They were swollen more from the way I had scrubbed them myself than from the kisses , but it didn 't seem to matter to James .
te	I	Nobody would know and she would just walk out of the place .
te	O	In that way it succeeded , but their carelessness in concealment forced my hand .
te	O	I can 't see if he 's dead from this distance but he doesn 't look to be moving .
te	I	He raised his own gun , and this blast sailed past him .
te	O	It was the raw stuff of chaos , and that is the beginning of all things .
te	O	It will take them a while to get used to it , but once they do , they 're both going to be very happy .
te	O	He didn 't need to know the details , but at least she 'd told him the truth .
te	I	There 's something you 're not telling me , and I 'm pretty good at knowing when someone 's lying .
te	O	Sheen had one shot , and he knew it .
te	O	He said your leg had become infected , and you 'd lost a lot of blood .
te	O	She turned to go , but Delaney grabbed her arm .
te	I	She pushed the head of his cock against the opening of her sex and her left hand slid down .
te	O	She wanted to scream , but silence was her ally .
te	I	Something holds me back , but I think about going over there , introducing myself .
te	O	Even though I try to fight them , the tears start to flow and I 'm not sure if I 'll ever be able to stop them .
te	O	Killing them would be like cutting the head off a spider , only the fangs were truly dangerous and without them the legs would be without direction .
te	I	There seemed to be no reason for departing from the carefully crafted order of things , and Today seemed no different from any other .
te	I	Doyle 's sword point pushed him back down , but Cel tried to sit up .
te	I	Winter had no royal blood , but Princess Winter would make a good match for this boy .
te	I	I was hooked and it was my first MMORPG .
te	I	My mouth hung open and my eyes went wide .
te	O	Someone is obviously out to get you , and you don 't know who it is .
te	I	The other was shattered , leaving only a jagged edge behind , but one of his hidden diamond blades was still intact .
te	I	Instead of throwing it to me as the others had done , she expertly spun it out to Reed , but D.D. ran to get it .
te	O	He turned toward me and his face was lighted by the spotlights the fire department had brought in .
te	O	I see it every single day , and I still don 't get it .
te	I	She deserved it , but every breath hurt .
te	I	I wasn 't going to be sick , but I 'd cried in front of him .
te	O	Probably cos I can 't see why it wouldn 't either , but that 's another story .
te	O	He made a motion over the Prince 's shoulder , and a bag was thrust over the Prince 's head .
te	O	He 'd dreamed a million dreams in that room , imagined his unfolding life in a thousand ways ... and none had presaged a moment like this .
te	I	The Prince knew that she felt vindicated , and the girl stood up , staring at him .
te	I	The barrier was holding and I didn 't feel any drain of strength .
te	O	Our platoon got out of the wood but we were unable to defeat the Germans .
te	O	He blushed and she smiled .
te	O	She knew she was supposed to be investigating Connie 's murder but coming face to face with a possible killer was a scary thing to do .
te	O	Her scent had not changed , but that didn 't mean much .
te	O	Raz slips through one of the larger holes and I follow , gazing solemnly at the ranks of graves .
te	I	Sometimes I wished I had a cheat sheet so I wouldn 't need all the explanations , but everyone was young once .
te	I	They shone like normal steel , but they blades were black as night .
te	I	His teeth were clean and his mouth tasted better .
te	O	His shoulders were stiff and his jaw was tense .
te	O	He tried , but he failed .
te	I	Most likely they found some sort of self-satisfaction in their industriousness , and the point is , they had it handled .
te	O	I felt something inside me respond , like a current beneath my skin , rushing up to my fingertips , and suddenly everything was much clearer .
te	I	He broke other woman 's hearts , but sure , he had a reputation .
te	O	I gave him a blank look although I had heard the names before and his entire body sagged with the news .
te	I	I wanted to stay in this car for eternity and a similar look passed over her .
te	I	I pulled her against my chest , and she collapsed , leaning into me .
te	I	It was necessary , but Dan probably would not like it .
te	O	I felt anger welling up in my veins , and the words erupted from my mouth before I could stop them .
te	I	He held up his hand , but I was about to protest .
te	I	The corpses hauled aside , and fallen comrades were checked for signs of life .
te	O	I 'll ask her , but I know what she 'll say .
te	I	Yet I couldn 't control my ridiculous feelings and I was such a love-struck girl .
te	I	I saw what he felt , and his longing was unmasked .
te	I	His smile was sympathetic , but she expected more gloating .
te	O	At least the cold had temporarily done its job , and his body was somewhat back under control .
te	I	Already the temperature hovered around one hundred degrees , and it was only the second week of June .
te	I	I sent up a small prayer , and my feet connected with solid wood .
te	I	Pink roses are girls , and yellow roses are boys .
te	I	I sit by her bedside and my mom reaches her hand out to me .
te	I	The emperor taken prisoner and the ship was boarded .
te	I	Mounds of bandages had been wrapped around my calf and my jeans had been torn off at the knees .
te	O	The wonderful sun had been beating down on her as she walked from the transit stop , and the air surrounding her was blissfully warm .
te	O	She opened the door wide , and he accepted the unspoken invite .
te	O	Her gaze locked with his , and he inclined his head in a tilt she found incredibly sexy .
te	I	I saw your house , and it was cold outside .
te	O	Tristan glared at the door and it slammed shut .
te	I	He broke the rules he was supposed to follow and he didn 't want her to suffer any longer .
te	O	The cab arrived and they sped home .
te	O	She slipped the ring over her finger , and when it became obvious that that wouldn 't work , she put it on her thumb .
te	O	At first sight one would suppose such an idea to be absolute nonsense , because ' obviously ' something either happens or it doesn 't .
te	O	She loved cooking , but it was nice to eat without worrying about anything .
te	O	He knew exactly how she felt about this outing , yet he 'd purposely used the girls ' friendship to orchestrate their evening together .
te	I	He looks back at me , and I look at his reflection .
te	I	He exudes the most reassuring aura of unflappable calm , but maybe it 's because he 's lived so long .
te	O	I laugh and I love .
te	O	It was a small item , but Vin had not forgotten it .
te	O	He was Jake Salter but he wasn 't .
te	O	I didn 't figure I would , but deep down I hoped .
te	I	I couldn 't see him clearly through the windshield reflecting the lights from the hospital , but 12 I squinted at Officer Fox .
te	O	I couldn 't place it , but I knew this wasn 't the first time I 'd heard it .
te	I	It really was incredible how flippin ' gorgeous he was and I looked up to see him standing in our doorway .
te	I	With a bit of luck they could pull their mission off flawlessly , and the pieces had fallen into place .
te	O	My eyes meet his and he is staring intently .
te	O	The sorcerer turned to collect the supplies he needed , and Greta shifted .
te	O	The head whipped around to look at her , but the Dark Father said nothing .
te	I	I waved , and Mike 's face appeared .
te	O	Beast , too , is boring holes in my back with the intensity of his stare , but I ignore him as well .
te	I	It was just because of your family , but I know you can be a bastard when you want to .
te	O	I can cover the expenses with my savings , but she 's using parental guilt to try to change my mind .
te	O	Having her in my arms felt amazing , but that feeling battled with the anger boiling inside .
te	I	Amazingly , no one had as yet awakened from their siesta , and it was by now only fifty yards to the enemy tents .
te	O	My dad was the 100th king and I was his first born daughter .
te	I	It wasn 't quiet , but it was like a great roaring silence in my head .
te	O	It 'll smoke like a son of a gun , but we won 't freeze .
te	O	I never got to hold my child and being with Timmy was as close as I would ever get to that .
te	O	His eyes closed and he seemed to slip back into an unconscious state .
te	O	It was like they were the only two people on court , and everyone else were just bystanders .
te	I	He 'd keep his vow , and he had promised not to .
te	O	He had no idea of how long he had slept , but peculiarly , it had been silence that had aroused him .
te	O	His gloves are rough on my arms and he tastes like cinnamon gum .
te	O	The fire had receded , but Simon was still crouched on the floor , looking dazed .
te	O	Paul said nothing , but deep down he knew she was right .
te	I	Drops pounded the roof , but the inside of the cab was a relief from the rain .
te	I	No one paid any attention to it , but there was a cat slouching in a dark corner .
te	I	I hold on to his arms to stay steady as we press together like two blades at a stalemate , and his fingers slide into my hair .
te	O	I looked directly into the baby 's eyes , and she made one of those little baby noises .
te	O	Kenny couldn 't see the man 's face from his angle , but he didn 't need to .
te	I	Her angle is that the house will be occupied , unavailable to her -- but Lucia too has her reservations .
te	I	I guess I 'm simply exhausted and it 's been a long week .
te	O	He had just turned eighteen , and it was time to be a man .
te	I	I knew that this must be Henry Thorne , Virginia 's brother , and as she did , her hand covered her stomach protectively .
te	I	I don 't know if I got them all , but I tried taking out the metal splinters from the car last night .
te	I	Then his lips found mine , and he kissed me tenderly along the curve of my cheek .
te	I	The bridges looked like Lego pieces , and the Seine snaked across the land .
te	O	Beth 's head bobbed quickly , and then she took a seat in the corner .
te	O	It began to ring and she held her breath .
te	I	When he was done he was a man of his word , but they were rough as hell with her too .
te	I	The less Lance knew about that , the better , but actually , she was wearing an old bridesmaid dress .
te	I	Andra 's eyes closed in relief , and he pulled in a shuddering breath .
te	I	I just started laughing , but I didn 't know why .
te	O	He crammed the tomato into his mouth , and ignoring Louisa 's looks of disapproval , kept talking with his mouth full .
te	I	Dean came up with an idea , but we missed our original flight plan .
te	O	He was dressed in black , with a long scarf looped around his neck , and gloves covering his hands .
te	O	We climbed in his car and he backed out of the parking space .
te	O	It came only in fragments , and she was suffering because of his ignorance .
te	I	He walked toward the bar , and he took her hand in his .
te	I	Even James 's eyes grew red , and beside me , my mother slipped her hand into mine .
te	O	You think you made me into a killer ; Nicolae , but it wasn 't you .
te	I	We drifted into class and I shook my head .
te	O	They were pretending to be asleep , but he had seen two of them peek at him .
te	O	I don 't know what it is about him , but he comes across as shady .
te	I	When that had died out , she 'd settled in as a trainer , and she 'd trained as a fighter , moved to blockade running .
te	O	I manage to persuade the doctor to let me see the Official but by the time I get there Alba is already sat with him .
te	O	Jamie cried out again , and then Chase 's control was lost .
te	I	She 'd had to dig into her private savings , and soon the money had started to run out .
te	O	Simon looked like someone had just killed his puppy , but Kat closed her eyes , absorbed by every word .
te	O	There was a shrill cry and the topaz eyes faded out .
te	O	It was Christmas Eve 1891 and I was six years old when he told me this story .
te	I	Evidently something was badly wrong , but Uncle Mario appeared to be at their head .
te	I	His speed saved his life but Blood began to flow .
te	O	You accused me once of walking away from my talent , but I swear the ability I have is no talent .
te	O	I 'm not real smart , and I wasn 't really big enough to be first string up in Clemson .
te	I	I fear asking her will remind her , but why she 's not running away again like she has been .
te	O	She 's under his influence , and for now , we have to leave it that way .
te	I	His eyes heated , and his jaw hardened .
te	O	My arms came up to wrap around his neck , and I leaned up on my tiptoes to get better access to his mouth .
te	I	The creatures were closing in on us but our feet slapped off of the concrete as we raced down the tunnel .
te	I	I watched him bounce down the lawn toward the front door , and his car door flew open .
te	O	The small room wasn 't much bigger than my mom 's walk-in closet but it was going to be hard to walk away from in the morning .
te	O	That wasn 't likely to happen , but she certainly didn 't want her friend to divulge that she 'd gone off to see Brad .
te	I	He wasn 't ready to come out of the shadows yet and he was a coward .
te	O	Finding other human beings is everything June and I have ever hoped for .
te	I	The words had come out without a thought , but she didn 't intend to sound so callous .
te	I	He said nothing , but Michael was puzzled .
te	I	The noise of the jets settled back into their imperturbable whistle and the rain stopped crashing on the Perspex window .
te	O	She kissed my lips and I believed her .
te	O	Here was her rival , and she absolutely hated him .
te	I	In that time they had scarcely paused to draw breath , and before they realised it , seven hours had gone by .
te	I	I always rejected his pleas , and Eric always wanted to come with me when I took my long walks .
te	O	She felt at home here and everyone had made her feel very comfortable .
te	I	She could probably get on somewhere else , but if that happened , Chey would be without a job , too .
te	O	They yanked hard , and he fell into a nest of greedy claws reaching out of the ground for him .
te	O	The trays of food blurred into one another and Messenger felt himself becoming full .
te	I	I felt a hand upon my shoulder , but sometime later , I can 't say when .
te	I	I stepped inside and Woods opened the door for me .
te	I	MW was taken aboard and a skiff was launched .
te	I	I wanted to cut my tongue out , and the smile broke across his face the way the sunrise set the clouds on fire .
te	O	The sun had gone and the vastness turned dark .
te	O	He pauses and I wait .
te	I	The kids inside waved and another car beeped .
te	O	The ritual would be completed and the exchange made voluntarily .
te	O	Sunlight is starting to peek through the curtains , and outside that window is a beautiful city full of innocent people that I just saw ravaged .
te	I	He held her beneath him , but she went to roll away .
te	O	Everyone carried phones nowadays and she hadn 't thought the Lords would automatically assume she 'd gotten it from the Hunters .
te	I	Thankfully there were professionals he could hire who did , but he hadn 't known exactly what was needed .
te	O	There were two offerings from Napa Valley , but she chose something from Australia , thinking it sounded a little more exotic .
te	O	The woman inside of her wanted to join him , but she quickly reminded her of exactly what type of man Sasha was .
te	O	My lie sounded ridiculous and he knew it .
te	I	She was grateful to have them , but the gloves were loose .
te	I	They started swaying to a slow tune and he guided her into his arms .
te	I	Our plan fails or they cannot spot you .
te	I	Max didn 't seem to notice , but Preston knew his expression had to reveal his opinion on that subject .
te	O	Having grown up in a house with four sisters he had constantly been around it , but he couldn 't tell you which sister favored what fragrance .
te	I	Their weapons didn 't waiver , but the marines exchanged confused glances .
te	I	When you pulled on your reserves , you had to allow time to recover , and Energy was energy .
te	I	I cannot see what as my constraints are not allowing it but my head rests against something spongy .
te	I	She didn 't fall , but the impact stung her feet .
te	I	There was not a thing she could do about it , and she earned toh for every moment she did not help .
te	I	It didn 't look unhealthy , but his skin was almost white .
te	I	If I could use his endorsement , even a backdoor endorsement , I should , and Nephilim worshipped him .
te	O	I shot her a look to say I wasn 't hungry , but she was already shaking her head in protest .
te	O	Mia was breathing steadily and she didn 't move .
te	I	He wrapped his arms around Kelly as they kissed , and Nick sat up to meet him as Kelly leaned over him .
te	O	He didn 't stop his persistent fingers from their assault and she continued to climax , helpless to stop it .
te	O	Nova stayed silent , and her father moved his feet restlessly .
te	I	We damned sure can 't parole state prisoners , but we can do a lot of things .
te	O	Of course he wouldn 't like interacting with others , but that didn 't mean his tendencies would necessarily be universal in the revered Legion .
te	I	This somehow made Cory feel better than Gene , and he always played it safe .
te	I	He always heard her song , but he lost sight of her from time to time .
te	O	Tell him it 's all OK and not to take life so seriously .
te	O	Chase makes my skin crawl , and Pete makes my skin tingle .
te	O	Damn it , she 'd liked him - and she 'd liked it here .
te	O	I can 't really tell people that Nash is dead , but I don 't have to continue on the same path .
te	O	The cafe was quiet tonight and soothing contemporary jazz played over the sound system .
te	O	As I handed Nick his flute , our fingers brushed and he glanced up for a second , then looked away .
te	O	I wasn 't able to destroy the demon , but somehow the human host managed to survive after almost a century being bonded with it .
te	O	He took a step toward me and I used my hands to scoot back on the bed .
te	I	His eyes remained expressionless , but his chin lifted a notch .
te	I	Most of the time this wasn 't necessary , but we used fire occasionally to cook big feasts .
te	I	The other servants finally have the sense to cower in fright , and his voice reverberates through the room like thunder .
te	O	The bacon was the perfect level of crisp and when she bit down , she almost moaned .
te	O	Because it was a weekend , she happened to be at home and she examined his ankle as it spurted blood all over the kitchen linoleum .
te	I	She took it and he extended his hand to her .
te	O	The door opened and Dryden stepped into the room , carrying a thin paper file .
te	O	She was alone , and he was tempted to just knock .
te	O	Her eyelids went heavy , and she couldn 't stop them from closing even as she mourned losing the vision of him over her .
te	I	I smiled and the red warning light flashed .
te	O	Sir Horace pushed and the bike began to move .
te	O	There was a rippling crack , the ghoul 's battle cry turned into an agonized scream , and he vanished into the cold waters of Lake Michigan .
te	O	He looked over but Grace said nothing .
te	I	He said he had to make a pit stop and apparently they had been texting .
te	I	Until her frown smoothed , he wouldn 't back off , and he owed this woman .
te	O	The secretaries occasionally shoot her a disapproving look , but nobody seems to say anything to her .
te	O	I was too exhausted to tell them any more , and it would only add to their endless questions .
te	O	It was unfair and I was only thinking of myself .
te	O	The twins rushed into Hal 's arms for one last hug and he whispered something into both of their ears .
te	I	The picture painted of Perez was one of an underground legend but the scarce information proved to be very hard to get .
te	I	She threw his hands off , and he moved his hands to the back of her head , trying to push her down .
te	I	Normally I would have expended some effort to be more polite , but I didn 't want to see anyone , not a soul .
te	O	A flash of light in her peripheral vision caught her attention and she turned to see someone , shadowed by trees , leveling a gun at them .
te	I	He had already seen it a dozen times , but she had no interest in admitting her weakness .
te	O	Pritchard merely glared at her , and she settled back into the pew ( still huffing ) .
te	O	He was keen for her to sample the wines being served , and she did , though only taking small sips of each one .
te	O	Mitch went on to rattle off other data from the form , but she barely registered what he said because it didn 't matter .
te	I	Henrietta was getting better , but there was still a lot to learn .
te	O	Max stiffens again , and Nathan can 't resist pouncing upon it .
te	O	Earlier she would have stayed here with him all night , but now the mixed signals from Hayden were irritating her .
te	O	The door opened and Kaylin walked in .
te	I	I slew around on my knees and I see his gaze shift to somewhere behind me .
te	I	The Director pushed the door open and I nodded my head yes .
te	O	My mom had never run from a fight when she 'd been a detective , and I wasn 't going to now .
te	O	I glanced down at the radiant heart and an unpleasant chill ran down my spine .
te	O	We stopped in front of the hotel room and Will used the keycard to let me in .
te	O	He 'd wormed his way into Cyrus ' affection and now he was the majority owner of Brannigan 's .
te	I	Kevin easily unhooked it , but it was latched at the top where a toddler couldn 't reach .
te	O	She was with someone else , and he needed to respect that .
te	I	He 's swinging his door open and I look at Gavin .
te	I	It makes him look insane , and his dark hair is sticking up two inches over his head .
te	I	It 's true I didn 't have it that great growing up , but I 'm not ashamed of where I 've come from .
te	I	I understood , but I was only seven years old .
te	I	He looked at her in surprise , and Leah 's hand was suddenly over his mouth .
te	I	Liam didn 't seem affected , but Meg 's tone was icy .
te	O	Opening time had passed and the place still appeared to be closed .
te	O	All it took was a second look at his carefree smile , and she was disarmed .
te	I	Flung herself in his arms and she jumped to her feet .
te	I	I could literally retrace my steps , which I of course did , and the snow outside was indented with our tracks from the day before .
te	I	Her expression softened , and Conway couldn 't resist a nervous glance her way .
te	I	The build of his body was solid but he wasn 't quite six foot tall .
te	I	Those were the breaks , right -- but sure , you could feel sorry for Ajax , maybe even admire him ?
te	I	They 'd barely been married more than three days , and she already had a healthy list of things to hold against the man .
te	I	His tongue insistent and his lips were warm .
te	I	It was a complete success , and the meeting was over in less than two hours .
te	O	He held the door to the Jag for me and we were off .
te	O	I made a name for myself but it means nothing to me now .
te	O	She wanted to get him out of the house as soon as possible , but they couldn 't leave without the Book of the Dead .
te	I	They were criminals , and they were traitors .
te	O	* * * * * Sean studied his phone and whispered to Mitch .
te	I	I 'm glad they didn 't and I was expecting them to ask .
te	I	There was an easy , bright mood about him , but he probably wasn 't experiencing that exact sensation .
te	I	My cheeks flushed , and my heart jumped .
te	O	Dennis rummaged through his various pockets , but the notebook he usually carried was absent , having been left in his overcoat the night before .
te	I	I can 't quit a woman 's flesh and I can 't resist .
te	O	Rob holds both of his hands out and I gradually do the same , unsure .
te	I	It doesn 't reveal itself , but I strain to read the name on the grave .
te	I	Viktor coughed to hide its sizzle , and a match ignited the wicks .
te	I	It matches how he wants me , and my body knows how I want him .
te	I	The cut on his palm was still there but the bruised caused by his stupidity had been gone .
te	O	I like to make sure she 's not getting into trouble , and she likes to keep up on life in Hampshire .
te	I	His eyes filled with small orange flames , and his breath flowed past the little knight .
te	O	That poor kid was strung out on purpose and we all chose to ignore it -- all of us .
te	O	He was so close , but he was completely lost .
te	I	She 's with me , but watch all you want .
te	O	Zeus overthrew the older generations of gods , and among those ancient deities were the Furies .
te	I	Now I 'm back in the hospital and I spent a good portion of my afternoon stuck under a car .
te	I	Everything went dark , and Pain burst deep in her skull , a blaze that shot all the way down her spine .
te	I	His dizziness made him clumsy , but Hart saw his boot draw back , tried to grab it as it came down .
te	O	The Program is more than halfway over , and we should celebrate .
te	O	Julie charged towards Greg , and he pointed the shears in her face .
te	I	I wondered briefly why I had never noticed the evil that shined through them and her eyes looked into mine with malice .
te	O	It 's not Holly 's , and it 's not Marc 's .
te	O	There aren 't many tall buildings in downtown Oklahoma City , and most of the lights are turned off during this portion of the night .
te	I	He hit himself on the head trying to crawl through one of the small doorways , but my dad tried to catch me .
te	I	Ingrid laughed , and I said .
te	O	It was supposed to be a lady doll but it kind of turned into a cat .
te	O	Mary tried several times , but she could not do it .
te	O	He looked like Paul on the outside , but inside he was a totally different man .
te	O	Priam , like myself , prefers options , and it is my job to provide them .
te	I	Linda go after him in a blind fury and Josie looked back in time to see him stumble .
te	O	Her pungent breath exhaled into his nose , and he turned away to avoid it .
te	I	Now is no time for good manners , but I know it is rather rude .
te	O	She drives a dark gray Passat and she 's maybe five feet tall .
te	O	Sure some would never turn to crime but some needed help building skills to avoid that .
te	O	I turned to Claire with a strained smile , but she just raised an amused eyebrow .
te	I	A touch of excitement climbed through my body at an alarming rate , but I felt uncomfortable .
te	I	Nothing has even happened yet , and I can already feel myself clenching around him .
te	I	The eighteenth floor was the penthouse and the ground floor was the basement .
te	I	It goes straight to his voicemail again , but still , I call Professor Morgan , if only to question him about how he got the book .
te	O	The crack he made was miles wide , and the molten rock from far below began to spurt up through that awful chasm .
te	O	He opened his eyes , and they were red .
te	O	Hate to put her through more , but it 's got ta be done .
te	I	That way they would save on meals , and getting an apartment would be the best , she thought .
te	I	Somehow I managed to shrug them off , but the comments hurt .
te	I	I was happy to see that she was no longer down on herself and she laughed then , an energized , deep , from the gut laugh .
te	O	Every limb of her body was on fire with lust , and his touch set off her orgasm in a fierce shudder .
te	I	There were no flames , but Jack looked in alarm into his garbage can .
te	I	It wasn 't something she wanted to go through again and she had done nothing to stop her mother 's death .
te	O	I 'm not looking for you to take on my responsibilities , but it would be good for the boys to have you near .
te	O	Bodies jostled into him as he made his way through the bar , but he just shoved those bodies the hell out of his way .
te	I	She 'd made her choices , and Augusta had lived her life .
te	I	I 'd hardly eaten any of it , but they 'd fed me at Art 's .
te	I	I wasn 't , but people always talk about being nervous on their wedding day .
te	O	They live in the shadows , and though they come out to do damage , they do so secretly .
te	O	A few of the teachers gave her looks , but Brooke ignored them .
te	I	The wind was picking up , and the rain was falling harder .
te	O	I couldn 't think , much less feel anything but the current of pure warmth pulsing in my veins .
te	I	Now it is void of any occupants at all , but the area seems to have been inhabited once upon a time .
te	I	There was no response but I screamed for her .
te	I	I at him , and Charley lunged at me .
te	I	We should try to find the children before that , but from the sounds of it , they will contact you .
te	I	He snapped off a few pictures in quick succession , and Carmine smiled on demand , ready to get it over with .
te	O	He knows we will all be in the crowds at the arena , and he wants it to be the last standoff .
te	I	His instincts told him he was right , but he hadn 't been paying direct attention .
te	I	She lost her chance to share with them what she 'd heard and she wanted to try finding the boys before anything happened to her .
te	O	Jenny went willingly , as always , but she hung on to the box .
te	O	Eventually I dozed off , and the dream came back .
te	O	Over all these years you 've done everything for me as if I were your own blood , and I 've never told you I was grateful .
te	O	Her heart pounded hard within her chest , and her head was spinning out of control .
te	I	She remains seated , watching me as I walk to the door and I stand up .
te	I	Sunday was no exception , and the miners were rowdy seven days a week .
te	O	It was like gunfire but it wasn 't that .
te	O	It all seemed incredibly mysterious , but then again , that was true of the entire situation .
te	I	It isn 't enough , but I do have money in the bank .
te	I	Dante is talking , and Elena is close to him , way too close .
te	I	He acted like a gentleman , and it felt good .
te	O	He went inside and for one hour he repeatedly peered out of his window to see if anyone was going to show up .
te	I	Addy arrived home still wired with irritation after seeing Dan , but * It was an otherwise ordinary day at work .
te	O	I hadn 't even told Evan much more , but he wasn 't pressuring me .
te	I	We are not , but trojans may be merchants .
te	O	His heart thumped a beat harder , and he couldn 't deny that he was happy she 'd insisted on proper movie etiquette herself .
te	O	I can hear it in my voice and he can , too .
te	O	She could see how white her knuckles were , but her hands felt disconnected from her body somehow , as if they belonged to someone else .
te	I	She wasn 't certain why , but A step out of place .
te	I	He had not seen that colour for many cycles now , but his natural colour was a dark blonde .
te	I	I would reciprocate in double and show me the compassion .
te	I	I can tell he 's smiling , and he nibbles at my bottom lip .
te	I	It had worked equally well in life and she 'd learned that in high-school geometry .
te	I	Amira shoved to her feet , and a perverse notion gripped her .
te	O	He thought back on eight years ago and the hell Jace had put Caroline through .
te	I	They were needed and ready for when the dark times came .
te	O	There was still an incursion on my land , and I have to show I won 't allow it again .
te	I	He left tickets for all of us but Greg wasn 't there .
te	O	Tears wet her face and his lips found them .
te	O	I let her walk in front of me on purpose , mostly to be a gentleman , but a lot had to do with the view .
te	I	My body instinctively fought the current , but I tried telling myself not to panic .
te	O	Leta knew it was probably a failing , but she couldn 't move along so easily from lift to lift .
te	I	Tapestry spoke out , but Tapestry 's mother made to approach the kitten .
te	O	Mike started to smile , but the look in Op Nine 's eyes killed it .
te	O	Justin pulled me to my feet , but Tori was already out the door .
te	O	Her car was beginning to rock and she pushed down harder on the trunk with her super - strength to keep it still .
te	I	The mattress had a slight dip in it , and the other side of the bed was warm .
te	O	The party broke up , and Laurence climbed to his tower room thoughtfully .
te	I	It was Jules and the phone rang then .
te	O	His grip in my hair tightened and his h * ps rocked forward with their unspoken plead for more .
te	O	He seemed to have to fight to concentrate , but finally he nodded .
te	I	He 'd started a family with someone else , but Josh might love her with all his heart .
te	O	His words were mocking , but his voice was gentle .
te	I	Brennan couldn 't come anywhere near him and she wanted to explain to him that Reid was dangerous .
te	O	Relief flooded me , and I nodded vigorously .
te	I	He didn 't remember anything from what she said happened , but she had told him what had happened .
te	I	He could understand , but he could not hope to explain it .
te	I	Joey actually stopped and I watched them get farther away .
te	O	Her safety came first , however , and he would not change his mind .
te	O	She dated , and it was nice .
te	O	As he emptied himself inside her , her pleasure overwhelmed her , and she shattered , then floated away into a sea of blackness .
te	I	That 's exactly how she was acting , but she never thought of herself as shy before .
te	I	She gasped , and her hand closed around the knife handle .
te	I	The muscles in Braden 's jaw were tense , and I then went on to elaborate until my breathing grew hitched .
te	O	Mrs. Dervish , his first grade teacher had been mean , but she 'd never tried to hurt him .
te	O	Her tone suggested just how much she hated asking , and he also sensed just how close she was to her limit .
te	O	Her long hair was light brown with streaks of grey , and her eyes were remarkably turquoise blue .
te	O	Some of them managed to hit me , and I smiled at the pain of it .
te	O	I turned toward him , and he felt the movement .
te	I	I was conscious of a definite relief when the door opened , and the tray was not getting any lighter .
te	O	This rate , and he might not live to fight Stefano .
te	I	She didn 't seem to be able to stop , but she was sure she was making him uncomfortable with the staring .
te	O	I cried for all the things that could 've been , and I cried for the beauty of what actually was .
te	I	I 'm a little blown away and we pull up to the house .
te	I	I sat forward with worry and Noah 's voice was panicked .
te	I	She is no friend of mine , but I am bound to my sister by blood .
te	I	The fire in his eyes was like an incendiary , quickening a similar blaze inside her and his breath was too soft on her face .
te	I	Her arm slowly lowered to her lap and Elena 's smile faded .
te	O	I shook my head , but I noticed that Theo 's brow was furrowed in concentration too .
te	I	When the Humvees turned down Old Copper Road , I didn 't follow , but I kept my distance as we left the city lights behind .
te	I	Winkler would get along very well in the food department and I think he .
te	I	I almost thought she was buying Asa 's story , and Mrs. Kathleen nodded in acknowledgement .
te	O	He moaned deep in his throat and I closed my eyes in pleasure .
te	O	He 'd heard it before , but it had just been a whisper .
te	I	His features were an indistinguishable dark blur , but his face was shaped like a human .
te	I	She didn 't care much for the expression on his face , and he turned slowly to look at her .
te	O	The sunlight sneaks through the cracks of the blinds and I can hear my next-door neighbors arguing about something .
te	O	Said Zora , trying to sound annoyed , but she kept a smile on her face .
te	I	He would have said something or he cannot be anyone I know .
te	I	He stepped forward , closing the parlor door behind him and Resignation eventually enveloped his features .
te	I	The pungent smell of Chinese food saturated my senses , and I peeked in .
te	O	He wouldn 't have cared if she had , but he was delighted with her choice .
te	O	I had to say something but I was at a loss .
te	O	He had his phone to his ear , but he watched me .
te	I	There was none of the romance left in their relationship but she was friendly toward him like when they were kids .
te	O	Physicians fix things that have gone wrong , but my problem here was that I wasn 't exactly sure what was really wrong .
te	O	I was suddenly cold , and my feet were bare .
te	I	She held her smile , but Amira 's stomach dropped .
te	I	I reveled in the tangible feeling and the salt blasted my skin .
te	I	The presence of the troops so early was deliberate and the executions were planned for noon .
te	I	He knew his enemy , and he knew his friend now .
te	I	He frowned and I asked .
te	I	She couldn 't get enough air to breathe , and it felt like someone had kicked Rema in the stomach .
te	O	They were hearty and they filled you up .
te	O	The flower grew from his potato and he smiled with an adult charm .
te	I	They can go or they can stay .
